no

Last debate was bias but if u just say u are more worried about letting America know u r with us an outsider. God bless you
Mmmmmm no your not Mr. See you on November 28th.
come on Donald, keep it clean and on a straight line.. you have to BURY the criminal. The emails, Benghazi start there
Y didn't GOP congress fix Republican Bob Doles health care plan Obama and Romney used
#LazyCongress done nothing in 8 years
...to make all country hate America~!
You're a racist. #LyinTrump #ClownTrain #BigCheeto
I honestly don't understand why you say this He is for All Americans HC is the real racist and lier
maybe it's his long history of racism that allows me to call him a racist
I'm sorry you feel that way but HC has a list also Ppl have said a lot of untrue things abt Him HC HAS STARTED ALL THIS
UGH, Shelley... you hate HRC for the sake of it.  let me guess..."christian?" @StopTrumpIn16   : https://plus.google.com/111437437793421360161/posts/CwUXXzVc6v3 …
And yes I am a CHRISTIAN and we are all brother & sisters in Gods eyes 
what about Muslims? Are they your brothers and sisters? @youniquelikeme1
There are good and bad in every race !!!!!
@DTforPre Trump when r u coming to CA? Need to come visit CA
did he pay the $50K from credit card breach at his hotel in NY?
Pay The Taxes Lying,Corrupt,Crook,Criminal!U & Bill screw People From HAITI from All Their Money
are you serious?  Trump stated he wasn't paying taxes, on tv, 100 million people heard him
no he didn't he say it's being audited Hillary SAid that he doesn't pay fed. Taxes

@mrsleahashley #proptech #propaganda
@Trump4Hope I just wanted to say I love and support u also u remind me of John Wayne I hope u stick to the issues at debate
Why so we can hear you cry and whine some more?
Alicia Machado is dirty trash! I am posting this @HillaryClinton page.
Trump never stops working! amazing stamina.
Lol
Donald, you need great stamina to be POTUS!
and he has it.

our laws allowed him to take the deductions
he did.
Actually, silly person, he has been audited 15 times because he tries to cheat the IRS every single time...
it's not cheating if our law allows it. Hillary had something in her ear during the debate.
Only in your willlllld imagination!  You need to get  out more... your tin hat lines are shwoing @realDonaldTrump
and your liberal *** is showing.
PA. is deep blue and going red! #MAGA

HE'S THE ONLY LEADER CAN BUILT AMERICA ONCE AGAIN.!!!!! HE ISN'T CONTEMPLATING TO TRIPLE TAXES LIKE HILLARY.
Bring these women to the next Debate.

HILLARY BENGHAZI KILLER AND MICHELLE WORM DESTRUTIVE WITH HER HUSBAND. TRUMP'S WIFE IS LINGUAL.

Melania blows that Machado trash bimbo out of the water. She looks like a Motel 6 housekeeper. Crass. How did she ever win?
and why don't you worry about Bill Clinton's rape victims? ANd Hillary threatening them? Hypocrite much?
LOL i was wondering why I couldnt see this idiots responses and then saw I already blocked his ass for whining
haha!
Trump is Potus now!
Oh
ME TOO!!!
This is Hillary Clinton's idea of a model US Citizen?

https://twitter.com/THEHCC/status/781547453363458048 …
she was breaking her contract by gaining weight. She should be thanking him. She never would of won. Ingrate.
I recall the year this piece of trash won. I was WTF?? There are hot Latina's, this is not one of them $50 East LA 'ho?
pay some tax
no please don't pay tax to Obama he will buy more nukes and give them to Iran our enemies again
again?
TRUMP WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ON NOVEMBER 8TH! 

Hillary cheated. She brought her brains with her. Not fair.
liberal hypocrisy
No thanks. Got any Hillary shirts?
I am not with you, lol  You are a laughable candidate who believes what you say and read.  #Trump2016
Hillary Clinton is with Radical Muslim terrorists supporting States,

which paid her $130M to make America Muslim Caliphate
think Would b wise 2 give hrc hell about bein part of a legacy, was impeached from white house, hrc- ethin couch Affluenza?
RIGHT, YES INDEED, EXACTLY, ABSOLUTELY!  YOU ARE INDEED WITH US THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, PERIOD!!..TRUMP-PENCE 2016!!..#MAGA!
'I'm with you' except when it comes to paying tax. Then I'm smart and you're all dumb. Vote for me!
DONALD, WE THE PEOPLE WILL TREAT YOU FAIR, MSM WONT. STICK TO THE ISSUES THAT WE THE PEOPLE ARE CONCERNED WITH!#Deplorables
@_prodigyx3_ alvin just so you know you're getting blocked
@MulcahyA HowMuchmoneyDoes NastyBillDaddyGrandpa GreedyBlackHaitiKillerChelsea SickLiarTerroristHillary Need?NetworksPaid
They have no "ceiling" to break through on  taking other people's money
@MulcahyA Why is Hillary fundraising? Clintons never have enough money and the networks love their pay off.
I hope If the polls get hacked they are in your favor.
go her new emails will be out Wednesday.
Hillary was on something to keep her stable during the debate!
say a prayer if you don't win hope is gone.
I believe you.good vs http://evil.you  have my vote.
I'M SORRY BUT YOU LOOSER...
LOSERS///
An Honest Problem the Investigation was put on Hold until after the Election.All articles stopped in July restarting in Oct
Bill  Scandal about giving Minors Aids Turns the table. Mira God loves me .
TRUMP ROCKS!!!!!
Does Hillary Have Aids. ?
Here, waiting for you.
Bill Clinton has Several Cocaine Overdoses Under his Belt .
Bring the Lolita Express to the Debate and mop the Floor with Hillary Face is What U plan to approve is Why U get ahead.
Dear Commission of President Debate Bill is Having sex with  People Under 18 . Lolita Express  America will Object
Bill Clinton and Lolita Express sounds like a Train Wreck.
BUT STOP MAKING THIS ABOUT "YOU"!!! WE NEED TO WIN! Stop tweeting at 3:00am
So sorry we couldn't welcome you with a sunny day, but YOU are our  ☆Make America Great Again☆ SUNSHINE!
Pennsylvania doesn't want you here, #Drumpf
@koda1950 Go dazzle them Donald. Stay away from Hillary sludge, speak about moving ahead and success. Don't sink in the mud
ppl should go an listen to what an unfit unprepared unhinged con man sounds & looks like. Responsible ppl don't vote crazy.
Remind everyone what Obama thought of those (deplorable) people that cling to their God & guns. Hillary believes the same!
Self-love is a terrible thing! @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Beacham
If Donald hasn't paid Fed tax that's on the IRS for current rules.Regardless how rich no one sends taxes without needing to
you're in PA today? Good thing I am in NJ today.
Already here!!!!
Hello Donald, I follow you daily, but the is never any mention of social securty. thats only about 50 thousand votes
America First, I'm with you, MAGA work, Focus on policy & her bad record; prep advice Gingrich, Giuliani, Hannity, Dobbs

donald per favore schiaccia la clinton e piena di mensogne armi all isis le vende lei?
Donald Trump you are perverted Pig
PLEASE let the pros prepare u for the next debate!  Too many missed opportunities! Forget the  CRAP that she throws at u!!
Mr. Universe is another Scorn Pussy .
Plan B U must line-up  Up all of the Women Bill Clinton slept with like pageant,  its like tossing Hillary under a Bus.
You say "I'm with you" but if that is true Isis and Korea will be to. Go @HillaryClinton!

we can't stay on this path. Give the business man a try
Don't forget the coal miners!
#pennsylvania a man who lie about the deputation of a woman can't be our president. This is the statement of #AliciaMachado
You'd think with all the money you have, you could afford better hair!
As for Miss Universe she looks like I a Crack whore.I really don't  know any info I can do a Government Search. 26 Dead
I need a new Computer its Gonna take me a minute. Rothschild had permission to Dig Holes in NYC .I am at an advantage.
u r already a walking talking #mayhem why join u?
Donald doesn't even have to run 4 president he could go on #Vac 4 the rest of his life with his $ Of course it is for USA
- You are with no one but yourself. You care nothing about others. You only care about yourself. You are self-interested.
Pennsylvania vote for trump or its goodbye America don't be blind by those democratic bastards who want to take our guns
I'll take a pass. Thanks though.
Your with no one but You, Should Read "I'm With ME."
leans right and so does his ad copy.  #designsobad
Maybe you could use some of the money you saved on taxes to buy a comma. #seeyousaturdaypennsylvania!
I mean, seriously. Was this the result of a team design challenge on The Apprentice? 
I'm going to wave at you
we don't want you here. It's bad enough we have to put up the Philadelphia Eagles.
I'll be in attendance!
Oh PA you will get. Unfortunately, demographically, that state is in the bucket and has been for far too long.

All that money and you can't hire a graphic designer who understands kerning? My eyes! Burning. 
never trump
Teeny fingers, tiny thumbs...
Losing to a girl there too?
ugh I hate you so much, im Mexican and IDC if you win or not I'll stay here the time I want #MexicanPower
you are with you...
@ViciTrue ,dear Trump let Pennsylvania feel ,y power&love f America, y love for everyone,Y love Armforces &veterans,let WIN
U Must #STOPLying about Ur Pathtic Crowd Sizes. Stop #SnortingCoke for 5 mins & walk outside 2 see NO ONE lined up 2 get in
SHOW YOUR TAX RETURNS. Show them! I'm real. Not automated. Why aren't you.
WE PAY TAXES  - TRUMP IS A  DEADBEAT
SHOW US YOUR TAXES  YOU DEADBEAT
who do you think you're bullshitting
You are with yourself and anyone who believes otherwise is in LALA land. #TelltheTruth #ReleaseYourTaxes
Lancaster area has 30,000 Amish people all voting for Mr. Trump.  Go PA and go Mr. Trump.
Mr Trump get out the $ go after her failed policies Iran etc
Stay the hell out of my state. You are not invited. You are not welcome. #Deplorables
Hillary Clinton kicked u r add at the debate hahaha
Think of things She Can't Flip. Think of things that Break open When she Begins to Flip examples. WOMEN PRiSON SHOWERS 4 U.
Be Firm with Hillary Mr. Mogul .Hillary is Guilty of Corruption. GAME OVER.  your Fired.
Hillary Has Hacker Deleting  Friends Vs Russis Deleting File Recovery System Friends Hillary Is Up against a Dragon..
You seem to be attracted to skanks

PA voter here... also #NeverTrump
America is great, you becoming President will certainly destroy our country, Master Orange Hue


Your for us .....she is for her
"I'm with you, except you're paying taxes and i'm not"
we will have monkeys at the circus tonight. Ring 3.
@VickyBrush Damn it. Why can't we have a Trump rally near me? I don't care. Just vote him the next President.
@WomenForTrump16
Get away from me, creeper.
My family we have 7 children and are all voting for you. And I have 3 girls who aren't offended by what you have said.
I am a woman who don't have a perfect shape and size but I am not offended by what you have said years ago. Ridiculous.
My family laughs at her commercials about you. And we have always been Democrats and now are crossing line's.
No!
Hillary Clinton say's stuff about people but behind closed doors. Don't have the balls to say it in the open, everyone has!
At least you can say what you think and don't hide behind closed doors. I know that Hilary has said stuff about people
I won't take your ticket even for free. I heard enough of your bigotry ranting on TV.
I wish I could do a commercial as I'm a woman and I have always been a Democrat and I am crossing line's speak your mind
you need to get back your focus on her lies,jobs,change abortion stance to pro choice,women security issues
It's Rapho Township, not Manheim. Figures you don't even know where you will be.
@iAmFreedomMan no thanks.
Your wife rips off @MichelleObama 's speech...and you can't even think of your own ad campaign. PATHETIC!!!
But I am not with you. Dont be a leech and attach yourself to me
@HillaryClinton is #withus AND Pennsylvania is #WithHer
good going Mr. Trump, you are doing fantastic!
How many girl dyes for your hair do you have?  U sit with the oldies while u get dyed Hahahahahahahaha u look like a girl
when are you coming to California when love to go to one of your rally half the people I know would to trump 2016
holy crap is that how you really give a thumbs up
not a chance! Deceitful Donald.
We here in PA are going with Her.  Just so you know.
PA is voting for @HillaryClinton
Wish I could!! Come back to NH SOON PLS!!!!
Good luck mr. Trump!
you're going to get steamrolled
