While allowing Radical Domestic Terrorists to kill and work in the White House!
What about radical Nazi terrorism?
what about the radical Christian terrorists already here & in your future administration?
Hey! Don't u Dare to say Anything about Islam..First have a look on yourself. You Corrupted Fools.!
glad you won!!!
So you've got a magic wand or superpowers ? Can't wait to see that.
i knew you'd be able pull this thru. Congrats!
I married a muslin, your right, but now I am divorce, he just wanted a green card!!!!
please finish them
Start with these terrorist
WE ♡ YOU MR #TRUMP WE WILL DRAIN THE DEMOCRAT PLANTATION #draintheswamp #CrookedHillary #CrookedMedia #TrumpTrain  Prayers
And do what about the white terrorists that live here? What about the Unabomber Ted Kaczynski?
you are one ignorant man who has NO IDEA how to begin to do that Oh yeah, your know more than the generals!@HillaryClinton
the only thing that your going to do is start world war 3!
.la politica americana da molti anni e fatta solo di guerre e il risultato e lei con tutta la sua ignoranza
that's sure my prayer as well as you becoming our president. Staying focused is where you should be. Forget Hillary
yes sir! You are the Best!
Please keep showing the American people just how committed you are to fixing our country.
like the word if.
just think about all the money you waisted.
urgh gross
Bullying a woman journalist, Katie, encouraging followers to shout obscenities at her is disgusting
RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS = THE BIGGEST THREAT TO MY COUNTRY. AND THAT'S WHY DONALD TRUMP HAS MY VOTE.
so you will be leaving most radical person I seen
you're our only salvation.  God Bless you Sir.  You WILL make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
is there any race you are notgoing to deport?
no you're not. Not any more than they're being kept out now. Please tell us how you're going to do it. Another wall?
Can't wait to see the Conman Donald RIT test (written, oral, skintone?). More unfulfillable, fear mongering nonsense talk.
Not asking for ground game volunteers. Not heard about any volunteering for you.
right you wont be able to do anything you promise
You're ridiculous.
get back to Florida and NC!!!! Must win!!!
you have to win or we as a Country are totally screwed
Can we keep radical racist orange men out too? If so, I'd like to report suspicious activity. #badforamerica #orangeman
Thank you so much for taking that first step to finally secure our country from terrorists.  No one else has.
what are you going to do about Radical Christian Terrorist? They are trying to take over America. #Trumpwipe
WHEN. Not IF.
New national Holiday Nov. 8th "TRUMP" Day
do you think that u will be elected?? Americans are not narrow minded like u
what about radical business terrorists like yourself?
No you will be a massive incentive and recruiting tool for them to try harder.
thank you Mr. Trump. We really need you in office
Please ship out the radical fundamentalist Christians while your at it!
the word is terrorists. That's it.
how do you intend to do that? (insight by http://commun.it )
and how are you going to do that talk is cheap
while keeping assho like yourself IN. Umm.... we'll take our chances...with HER. #HRCforPOTUS
(insight by http://commun.it )
why can't u check the facts (insight by http://commun.it )
And Muslims who are not terrorists! And Mexicans (who you think are all rapists)! You are going to take it way too far!

You haven't explained how...  WITHOUT violating anyone's rights already in country...  GO!
as an undecided this is one of my biggest concerns OMG!!
they should oust u out of the country to make USA safe again 
thank you Mr trump,the people of pa are pulling for you, president, Donald Trump. Go trump
Lets go Ohio...Help push us over the finish line and keep Criminal Hillary out of the Whitehouse !!!  FlipTheScript
racists have no future.
Shooo  :p
How?
most of your crime comes from Americans
Yeah. You have special glasses that lets you see the bad ones. Even before they know they're bad ones.
We fear Truck maniacs , we need Trump to overcome our fear . Hope Americans will bring saviour to root out growing fear
but have you legitimately said how you're gonna do it?
I like how you capitalised "RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST" #MakeAmericaFearAgain!!!!!
and keep the great Orange man out of the White House and in Jail ?  Looking forward to your trial
do you remember when you were young a lady helped you crossing the road when everyone else just passed by She's a muslim :)
NIGGAS FOR TRUMP. I'm white.

please give me 5 actual policies or you would put in place to make this happen
you seem to love brick layers and building walls , just walk out the burning gate and , take the hate and all will rejoice
hi trump I'm in england I hope you beat her mate
Not in solidarity with your Scottish neighbors? Unfortunate. Scots are heroes. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-gb2Fnhz5o …
the only thing you proved was this country is easily manipulated
How?
what are you gonna do with your racial beliefs??
by banning all Muslims from America. Such a brilliant idea 
daddy
But you,'ll invite tyrant. Putin.
yes¡!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOUR FAVORITE WORD IS "GONNA". YOU TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU WILL DO BUT NEVER SAY HOW YOU ARE GOING TO DO IT.
LOVE I WISH
WOWWOOWOW
we are ready for the fight ahead. We are behind you 100%!
Don't make promises you can't keep!
we have to succeed to stay strong
or the RADICAL CHRISTIAN RACIST GROUPS like the KKK. Wait can't keep out half your supporters though 
can we keep RADICAL RICH PUSSY GRABBERS . Out as well?!?!
You won't be elected president. And, you're a bigger threat to this country than #RadicalIslam #Elections2016 #draintheswamp #BetterWay
Trump your next president how sweet it is
You're entitled to this nightmare. We wont let this happens.
We the people are taking our country back
You the people, my ass. You are putting a tyrant in charge whose messed up policies will apply to you and your loved ones as well. Fools
It's going to be great when Trump is president
Great for racists and white supremacists. Remember your women have pussies too 
#CrookedHillary She going to jail
Boo
Like you keep people out their rightful seat at a charity event?

 https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-boasts-of-his-philanthropy-but-his-giving-falls-short-of-his-words/2016/10/29/b3c03106-9ac7-11e6-a0ed-ab0774c1eaa5_story.html?hpid=hp_hp-top-table-main_trumpcharity-3pm:homepage/story …
 Don't forget to check out New Jersey.
Radical Islam is a dangerous to the world. #IsupportYou
there already here Don. His last name is Trump and he's
#DonaldTrump HOW R U GOING TO KEEP THEM OUT?? U TALK A GOOD GAME, BUT NEVER SAY HOW!! SMART PEOPLE SEE THROUGH YOU!
Sure you are! Your words have no value! #NeverTrumpUnfittoliveinUSA#DeporfTrumps
@kfiegehen here we have a great example of the silent majority and that's OK just as long as you vote compare 2 RT ppl 
I don't know you and have never met u all through my life. But the love I have for you I much. God has chosen you as a pres
I'm sure your tweets will drive those bad guys away!
Obama-Clinton are a danger not only for americans, but for muslims to. Half a milion killed during their regime + 65M refug
Trump will replace Islamics with Russians. Putin will be in charge. @adndotcom @WashTimes @dcexaminer @WestVirginiaAG
But invite Russia!  Trump confesses to relationship with Putin.  Putin Puppet!  https://mobile.twitter.com/RobPulseNews/status/791360800866832385/video/1 …
Ok, Donald, ok.
like you yourself said, you love 2 fight, so if u are president you will bring back the draft and have us n war after war!
What about republican terrorist of which you are the biggest?
lol, real funny trumf fka that's your name not trump, you want to keep yourself out
@WeNeedTrump @KellyannePolls @seanhannity @DanScavino @TheView    Another great speaker for Trump. 

https://youtu.be/FPbEhZ1vDiU 
no plan just rhetorical and BS
They are here already. A matter of fact we have educated most of them because Terrorist don't have a specific color!
why?
Does this mean you are leaving America?
stop saying things that you can't keep.
Sure
your not
HOW?  BE SPECIFIC AND STOP FLIP FLOPPING!
I think you've incited plenty so you better watch those borders closely!
platform ideas .1) tell them you will for no salary.2) keep talking about term limits3)
... How?
can we also keep radical orange loosers out?
How do you plan to do that Donald?
your the radical terrorist
CIA's Mike Scheuer on #terrorism motivation ignored by US #media:
thank you!!! We need a safer America! Draining our welfare system!
wow !!! Great turnout!! Vote Trump!!!!!
will you keep the moderate Christian terrorists in?
ste men :v
U won't be President. Loose canon
@be dormet to the terrorist@
October 29, 1611 in the Senate Hall of the Royal Castle in Warsaw. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shuysky_Tribute …
you will no doubt attract them as you attract every low life around#loser
@realDonaldTrump I'm counting on it. I'm your best positive & advisory tweeter u have. I want to b at your inauguration ball. What say you?
save the usa
Say out of our Planet Sir.
How?
Yay! Proud to say I did my early voting for Trump yesterday. All aboard the Trump train.
Comey should resign for trying to rig the election.
no lier you are not you don't have that power you conman.
@127Den go for it Donald y dnt want corupt Clinton in build America unemployment y will get in god bless America from a bri
Americas navy is great gt America working y will sucsess  God bless
Why don't you start by keeping Radical Christian terrorists from your movement Donald? Why don't you? Why? 
Thank you sir! Boston, SAN Bernadino, Orlando, Chelsea, Seaside Park... Proof the vetting system is broken!
If you come back, head south about a mile to Ferrante winery 


If? It'll NEVER happen. Wake up puppets!  dOnAld doesn't give a crap about you!
Just keep islam out of the country period, problem solved!
Dump Trump
What about radical right wing American terrorists like the Bundys?  How about protecting us from them?
Then vote for anyone but you. #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
your gonna lose in a landslide clownstick.
Goodbye then you're the terrorist.
Thankfully won't happen #NeverTrump #VOTEBLUE #VOTE #CLINTON save us from #TrumpsLies keep us from #TrumpsReality & out #WW
so America isnt safe?
wrong
The ones who committed all the recent domestic attacks were all US citizens who were born here genius !
