you lost! BIGLY!
He beat the shit out of her whatta you talkin about?
take ur meds & go to bed ur delirious.
Trump was outlining plans Hillary was all slogans and fluff.
please Trump couldn't even control himself he failed temperament test.
You cant compare. They're different people. Dons motivated. Hillary'sLow Energy.
really he looked sick sniffling & cotton mouth. #IsDonaldTrumpSick
He was probably dehydrated big deal. Hillary kept itching her herpes face
.@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton 
Wrong.  That was sanction money that belonged to Iran.  No hotel plans there for you then?

#DachaDon

You were watching Porn admit it. Trump WON
he got raped by Hillary. She made him look like the ass he is
Ah horseshit. I don't care if he loses every debate. Still will win.
keep telling yourself that
Keep telling urself that your gay partner loves you. #whenpigsfly
aww. Maybe you'll find a gay partner to console you after election day
you lost tonight.
You weren't paying attention. Go back to your mirror.
lol is that your attempt at an insult? About as pathetic as your choice for president.
This isn't about Elect Hillary because she is a woman Whitney. This is the adult table now?
i didn't say anything like that. Are you that fucking daft?
$ 400 MILLION she payed  part  in taxes  who much did u pay mr trump of that
BULLY
he's his own worst enemy!
And what did all your bankruptcies do?
@RE4LOSANGELES Focus on is  topic also at the next debate. Funding Iran with over 100 BILLION USA
You got schlonged you bloated jackOlantern. You think #Romney2012 chocked? This will be so embarrassing 4u
WONDERFUL DEBATE #askjoy
YOUJust got your Clocked Cleaned by a girl!!!!!! LMAO @ YOU
HILL DIDN'T FAIL 2 FORCE OBAMA SHOW HIS BIRTH CERT., CAUSE SHE KNEW WHT EVERY1 BUT U KNEW--HE WAS BORN HERE
no dummy, payment in works long before. It was just lucky break we got two birds with that stone.
@Veteran4Trump @HillaryClinton More, more, more facts. Please. Pretty please, please
I thought we didn't negotiate w/terrorists! Oh yea we do if it's the traitor Bergdahl? Really? #hillarylies
10bucks 10bucks 10bucks phone unlimited unlimited household intt house TV save mid cls families $270mnth
u taking all these L's homie in this debate you suck donkey balls at this president stuff
HILLARY CRIMINAL CLINTON:  YOU MAKE ME SO SICK I CANNOT SEE STRAIGHT.
answered it. You've lost, you can't recover from this, another 4 years of deep liberalism, equal pay
This has been debunked so many times.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/23/opinion/the-fake-400-million-iran-ransom-story.html …
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/global-opinions/the-400-million-payment-to-iran-was-american-diplomacy-at-its-finest/2016/08/11/2d1e6d5a-5f3c-11e6-af8e-54aa2e849447_story.html?utm_term=.ac36a744f650 …
US no pay ransomThis what actually happn http://www.vox.com/2016/8/4/12370848/ransom-iran-400-million … But no let facts get in ur way #trumpfacts
Trump has successfully dumb-downed the debate process. The mans an idiot. Everyone could see that tonite
America is still great!  The commercial's wed in your own words!
You said you didn't pay Taxes Coz Govt would squander it... Why should middle class pay TAXES????
HOW MANY MILLIONS HAVE YOU NOT PAID IN TAXES?
Why do terrorists love Crosseyed Hillary so much? Omar Mateen murdered 50 innocent gays, he LOVED Hillary
.@realDonaldTrump Trump won by a landslide - vote here http://drudgereport.com  #debatenight
the right-wing DrudgeReport is as delusional as FAUX NEWS, but keep believing your polls, Romney did.. lol
It wasn't a ransom payment, do your research.
you are such a liar trump

Reagan set the precedent for paying ransom to Iran. Bye bye, LOSER!
Donnie, can't you at least try to make your bots look like real people? Sad. Many people are saying it.
the U.S. paid a debt it owed....unlike you to companies u contracted with.
That wasn't a ransom payment you lying gasbag
man you were interrupted alot she never was
I see all of these tweets why did you not bring these topics up. Need to be prepared for round 2
You're a liar.
LESTER HOLT WAS TERRIBLE, BIASED & UNFAIR.
.@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton you're making it worse!  You had 90 minutes to make these points but you CHOKED! #LOSER
he's actually handed over the Twitter account to the campaign. He tweeted during the debate
Mr you lost first debate
For the next debate, I’d like you to slap the smug smile off her face. #thankssomuch @HillaryClinton
BUT HAVE YOU PAID TAXES? PROVE IT
@Veteran4Trump @HillaryClinton if she starts w/Russia, she sold 20% of our uranium to Russia
Donald, press her on the issues, dont relent on it.
You got smashed chokinDonnie. And by a girl. Sad!
you need a disability check mf.
You got beat up by a GIRL!!!
LOL!!! Dave!!!! Yuge LOSS for TRUMP tonight.
donald trump, I was not prepared for US President, sorry
That is a lie. Pick up a paper that's not the Enquirer.
A Pres paid ransom to Iran but wasn't Barack Obama http://www.dailykos.com/stories/2016/8/6/1557527/-An-American-president-paid-a-ransom-to-Iran-but-it-wasn-t-Barack-Obama …  Was GOP Hero Reagan #trumpfacts
.@realDonaldTrump totally lost the debate he embarrassed himself it was pitiful. Trump is a total #fail
stay focused on important issues. Don't let her distract you. That's her plan. Beat her on her own record!
Any Vet who votes draft dodger trump must be a rear echolon  M F#cker

you are the real deal..please prepare better for debate #2..please watch https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ibcffYFEIJM …
Hillary has brutal terrorists to her rallies and the WA state mall shooter supported her too #debates
USA placed 30th in World for Education because of people like you get some smarts
Look at your bio, it's incoherent, learn how to write you loser.
understandable to those who served unlike your draft dodger buddy who says he suffered as much as any Vet
I am voting for you, but I can't argue for you. Frustrated about non President topic rants that show a vengeance.
so Donald, address the problem of Obamacare insurance for all and how so many insurance companies are dropping out!
you are a disaster and quite frankly, I don't like you #youboreme
#franklyyousuck
and you are a theif pay your taxes like the rest of us have to.
- I am SO PROUD of you Donald. You did a GREAT JOB TONIGHT on this first debate with Hillary. You SPOKE FOR AMERICA.
- You SPOKE AGAINST Obama, Hillary & the Corrupt Democrats. Hillary doesn't have a CLUE how to RUN the USA. Obama Either.
- Hillary says she wants guns off the streets. She won't even take the illegals off the street. Her logic is TERRIBLE.
- Hillary wants to stop ISIS, but she doesn't want to discriminate against Muslims/ Islam. Its like the STOP & FRISK.
- Hillary wants to ACCOMPLISH GOALS with OUR HANDS tied behind our BACKS. NO STOP & FRISK, NO DEPORTING ILLEGALS,.
- I WANT YOU to make a NEW LAW When you take office. By law All US CITIZENS, MUST HAVE PROPER (I.D) ON THEIR PERSONS Always
- I think its FUNNY that HILLARY wants to prosecute violators of the laws & policies.We CAN'T PROSECUTE Her for her CRIMES.

Yet, even after all of those hours & angry accusers, no one could find a chargeable offense.
Trump
no instead your whole family would be dead because trump will cause a civil war with his racist mouth
u fool!! It's IRANS MONEY U FOOL
there is no used in explaining to Trump supporter they don't understand , even the basic of politic
no they do not .. But I should also know better w/#Twitter
its ok i know you just feel that you have to i know the feeling
.@realDonaldTrump watching Trump flop on his face is hilarious #Debates2016
Now THAT was entertaining!!
yes it was but Hillz came out on top
That's because Hillary is disciplined and Presidential. Not a temperamental insulting buffoon.
This birther  issue could be put to rest if Obama would make public his college records. Hiding what?
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT
looked like a 3rd grader debating. Tax Returns liar.  @HillaryClinton emails are not comparable. Returns are traditional.
#factcheck #debatenight #debate #trumpLIES #LIES - Trump is absolutely incapable of leadership.
.now..case..
Taste of social networking..bittersweet..Carmen knows..Colorado..revenue..depends
the agreement was pending for years and leveraging the timing was brilliant diplomacy.
Clean yourself up! You reek because @HillaryClinton just used a barrel load of this on you! #debatenight #Debates2016
Will you support a lifetime ban on Knicks trading draft picks? #VoteBrinkSanity
Trump says " this debate was Roger Ailes fault, He prepared me"
the people saw right through Hillary she's just the same old song and dance
Not ransom, Mr. Liar. Payment of a court ordered settlement. America respects the law. Trumps don't.
No, it was Iranian money we were bound by law to return. But then you don't pay attention to law
you are a conman look like a bird drinking water on stage trump we would never make such mistake u fraud
What are you bloviating about Donald?
Trump is the biggest piece of crap
You're a fascist
loser @HillaryClinton is    going to win
DT Sniffling, Drinking Water AND SHE'S the one that has medical issues  HA HA HA . OMG. SHE DIDN'T COUGH
why did they bring brother movement up? It's irrelevant! Doesn't matter! #MAGA
not true, get the facts lying Trump
my god
u need to watch this many time and u will realise this was debate and not a rally when u get an open hit it
remember that was a deal that Reagan didn't keep and Obama had to pay.
DONNY YOU SHIT THE BED! Hillary had you for lunch! Your body language was hilarious you looked like a fool!
Idiot! That was their money that we froze and part of agreement. Stop making shit up?
Of Iran's assets FROZEN by the US for years.
and your nuclear agreement is going to blow the world up
dear trump, I was for you but your approach to this debate was shocking.

you did great tonight Donald.  Don't sink to her level.
why did you not bring this up?
you lose!!!!
HILLARY FOR PRESIDENT
No. Bullshit. Next... 

@HillaryClinton
U both looked good. Congratulations. The #ShitMedia finally got the F out of the way 2 intelligent back & 4
great again but not much how
You lost soooooo BIGLY 
#DonaldTrump... #ImWithHer
sniff-sniff
What happened to you, Donald? You were sniffing a lot. Are you ok?
When did you make that point during debate? Many missed opportunities missed by you. MUST DO BETTER.
the stamina thing was dumb, Trump, but I like how you came back from it
SORE LOSER must be the 400lb hacker!
< @HillaryClinton
Kellyanne Conway said she is "glad" CNN covered metal of honor recipients "they deserve SOME recognition"
If any Trump Supporters supports a liar like this especially after fact Chk. Proves his lies are sick
it had to happen at some point
How can Trump defeat Isis and negotiate trade deals when he can't even pay his BILLS?!!!!

Trump won the debate! Did you notice HRC was using a cheat sheet when Trump was answering. Hillary babbling for 2 min!
you lost trump, get off your phone and go read a book and learn a thing or two.
I agree with everything you said I am voting for you you are only one that will bring American back you showed Hillary up
RANSOM the Christians from Syria.Its a Christian holocaust.
DO NOT take out your bad debate skills on Melania!   @HillaryClinton https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9ABDdV9PDk …
the truth cant find trump because his mind is made up of lies
@lolotot2_k @HillaryClinton بيقول الاتفاق مع إيران سيؤدي الي التسلح النووي
stop miss informing the nation, that was not ransom money, it was returning money for a deal that was never completed.
THERE R 3 media videos interview w U wanting 2 use NUCLEAR weapons. Who U kidding!
You do understand that the $400 million was a repayment of money we took FROM Iran in the 70’s? #LyingTrump
shut up !!! America is done if you get the codes you're a bully and have no business running #ImWithHer
YOU WON THE DEBATE #MAGA
I was their money idiot. Most uninformed candidate EVER! #NeverTrump #TrumpedUpDonald #Croaked #ImWithHer
You should really try reading Pumpkin Head....IT WAS THEIR MONEY-RETURNED TO THEM.
you lost
Because you said you didn't say this either:
Donald Trump called her "Miss Piggy" and "Miss Housekeeping."

Her name is Alicia Machado. #DebateNight 
I don't care what the liberal media says. You won this debate by a landslide Mr Trump. You have my vote .
trump missed a lot tonight.  He should have pushed more on her emails.
When Hillary was talking about Cyber Security you should have mentioned her Emails #CrookedHillary
EVIDENT U didn't FACT CHECK what owed 2 IRAN. Google it & LEARN/STOP UR LIES
unbelievable clinton are criminals .no doubt about it.
the funniest line was Trump saying he has the best temperament!!!! That was great!! #whinylittlebitch #stoptheorangemonster
This is just the first debate, take notes and be better prepared next 2 debates.
Donald thank you for staying cool for 15 minutes. After that, you were back to your hot headed lying self.
Hillary nailed you big time!!!
great job Mr. Trump....
you allowed her to bait you w/ her answers on topics you couldn't know more than her on; smarten-up Don.
cheated on three wives all under non disclosure agreements - please shut up
, trump is a intellectual idiot! HRC all the way!  Gary Johnson voters r voting for HRC now! HRC POTUS! 
TFW your debate prep is a few lines of blow.
U lost the debate to Hillary
RIGHT, YES INDEED, ABSOLUTELY IT DID!!.......#MAGA!!....TRUMP-PENCE 2016!!!!!....
Another lie by Trump.
Donnie, please answer... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seVdI6FGjk0 …
@lolotot2_k @HillaryClinton شوفتي الاتهامات

INSTAPOLL: @realDonaldTrump is sniffling so much because....
peruvian or bolivian (sniff) debate prep? he sure was thirsty and rambled like day 4 of a 3 day coke binge
we won't see Hillary for a week. You wore her out.
Lester holt lost control.HRC lapdog.
It was NOT a ransom payment. And it was their money. Just another lie from you.
what is with the constant sniffing?  You got some blow?
jump on the #JohnsonLifeBoat #JohnsonWeld2016
Madame President kicked your butt.
whether deserved or not? Why did you not EXPLAIN the Iran deal, the email scandal, Bengazi, explain Corp
