yup and on paying your taxes too
om telolet om
The majority of people voted against you. Live with your failure.
No matter what you do as President, you will still have lost the popular vote.
No matter how much money you have, you will still have lost the popular vote
Only about 26% of Americans voted for you. The rest will live in misery and fear.
LMAO
everyone is too busy talking about what a disaster you are.
Ummm not everyone ;)
Correction: Everyone *except* LisaMarie. And some of her friends. And Kellyanne Conway.
Doesn't take much $ 2 con the ignorant. & Build The Wall was all it took 2 bring out the racists
I believe all the ones screaming RACIST are the actual RACIST ones....
ummmm... why would you think that?
@garfe66  Did she seriously go 2 a fart reference 2 make a point? Seriously?
Yes. But to be fair, "He who smelt it, dealt it" is a fitting epitaph for this dumpster fire of a year.
's presidency will affect us all,one way or another #DumpTRUMP #FRAUD #LIAR #DEMAGOGUE #RussianHack
could you please stop tweeting you're making me sick to my stomach
YES! Let's talk about money! Show us your taxes!!!!'
try uniting rather than dividing the country.
. You truly are the smallest person in the world...
Do you read your own silly tweets?
They won't give credit where it's due, they r still in DENIAL
this is who we voted for president! Someone who spend more time gloating than "making America great again"

#RIPAmerica
Actually HE is the PEOTUS. He works for me now beyotch. "But Hillary" doesnt work anymore. Own him.

not if you count the "money" you got from Putin and Comey, then you've spent double.
AND your path was uphill! The entire establishment, media, members of your own party were against you and you STILL won! 
Okay Twitter, we desperately need a DISLIKE button PLEASE.
. YOU GET WHAT YA PAY FOR!!!!!
why are you gloating? Not presidential at all.
Yeah Hitler didnt spend much either
"And I didn't even WANT to win the popular vote! I swear!" - you, every morning, for four years
The world's on fire and the greatest nation in it has to wake up daily to their child king's morning temper tantrums.
You know dear, you don't have to read or listen, but then I guess you wouldn't have as much to bitch about
The child president


trump won by giving hope 2 fallen whites by invoking fantasy white nationalism
you have small hands. The smallest.
because nobody believes anything you say about money. release your tax returns.
has a President ever won with as little of the popular vote as you have? #Unpresidented
Who cares?  If this is really important to you.. you should have stayed in reality TV and stay out of politics. Ridiculous
Still gloating? How much of the money you spent was from the Russians? #unpresidented
tu si que sabes de dinero
move on Donald. You have more important things to do. 
Hillary couldn't fill up a high school gym, only few hundred showed up, how can she won popular votes, this a scam.
If you add in the money to settle the pussy grabbing incidents it'll come out even.
how much did Putin contribute to you campaign? Did he pay enough to own you? #treason #fraud
Good God, this is why the libs have to be defeated, not negotiated with. Too far gone, too dangerously wrong.
#LibsUnderFoot
Waaah. Waaah. Waaah. Waaah.
Why don't you hold a press conference and tell them about it?
your impeachment date will be like 4th of July, thanksgiving, and christmas all at once.

#TrumpFraud #StillWithHer #PUTINGATE #ToxicWaste #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #SerialLiar #TheGrinch
stop gloating, start working!
why are you still on this subject?
.@realDonaldTrump that's because we're a little more concerned about the hundreds of conflicts of interests you have to deal with.
but hillarys scores of wealthy donors for access, illegal aliens, and leaks to unsecured personnel was ok?
HILLARY ISN'T THE PRESIDENT.
HILLARY SHOULD BE IN PRISON @Ike_Saul @kryptowizard1 @realDonaldTrump
she's done NOTHING WRONG.
You are disingenuous M.Trump. And that is too bad. You have 0 credibility with me.
majority people thought opposite so he won...so who's on wrong side u or majority ??? #justasking
Respectfully, these are my opinions. They do not discredit anyone else's, but they are mine.
yup no problem in that but i m asking how should v know our opinions r right or wrong bcz majority thinks oppst ?
an opinion is not a fact. Exchanging our opinions should be doable regardless of the number opposing them.
opinions built on facts prevail n opinions built on prejudice fail...#MyOpinion...
that is your opinion
n i will change it if someone show me facts which negate it...
Get a room, you two! http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/297733/donald-ivanka-trump-rnc/ …



it will all become clear to you soon. Some people need to be told how and what to think
funny that's what @BarackObama did with you guys for 8 YRS notice the panic and cry babies.
I would rather cry than cheer with the Russians who helped him.
They're all too busy discussing the fact that the next US president is a racist, mysoginistic, failed businessman.
Ummm I bet he can buy and sell your a$$
I just listened to you doing karaoke and had to turn off after 8 seconds.
By the way I bet that's the first thing you've ever lasted 8 seconds on....
Took you an hour to come up with that zinger? Don't bother next time.
No,, I have been WORKING! You know like a job! So I had to wait til break.... But... it was good!!!
You just owned someone with 260K followers, LisaMarie.  Well done!
Totally. I'm reeling.
you may have won, however your hands are too small to hold the office anyone want to see my tax return? tabloid trump again
Russia spent the money, We know you don't pay for what you contract for. It's just added to the financial debt that you owe Russia for winning you the Electoral College.
well, there are bigger things to discuss like you being beholden to Putin
- No the jokes on you. As a taxpayer you are helping to pay 2 million dollars a day to keep
WHY doesn't Puerto Rico have POWER????????????????????

WHY ARE AMERICANS DYING?????????????
Ummmm Don't you feel stupid spending ANY money on a 1 year term??????????????????????

EMBARRASSING........

@jackbysclorun11 because it doesn't matter.
Great tweet 45, right on!
Russia and the FBI working for you is priceless
I have a feeling that President Trump was the last person Putin wanted to run the good ol USA
get over it, the election is over...we survived obama, we'll survive trump...freakin' crybaby
2.9 million more votes for Hillary. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
who won tho? Trump campaigned for electorates. Had pop vote mattered he would have campaigned for that. And won!

Why are u such a sore winner? Nobody cares about this stuff, just u do! U should spend more time thinking about us, not u!
Nor will they ever because Ouchbaby! That H-U-R-T-S! to admit. So just......whine. boohoo boohoo
allegedly
Or Jeb spent. Or Marco spent. Pundits never ran a business so know nothing about cost control or efficiency...
.  Why does that even matter.  Shouldn't you be moving forward?  Petty winner
if it all goes down hill, can you just keep me on your good side? I don't want no beef.
well you didn't win the popular vote, so...
why would you have spent more? You got more free press than any candidate because of you lack of filter or self control.
OK? What's your point? Does that have any consequence on the present reality?
..... oh that's right, they should lean over, clean and kiss your feet.
yeah, unlike her ur going to sell our freedoms just to satiate ur ego, with u flattery is ur weakness & the world knows it
No one cares. You said you would finance your own election and then pushed for donations, and THEN "loaned" yourself money.
that's b/c we're discussing how much money your PROFITING, personally, by becoming POTUS, O Manchurian Candidate!
maybe with all that saved money, you can reimburse New Yorkers who paid "bigly" so you did not have to pay your taxes?
self serving ass

And sadly you won't from the leftist propaganda arm
that's because you got far more free media exposure.  How about you win graciously
@mehdirhasan 48% percent of eligible voters didn't vote & another 26% voted Hillary. So 74% didn't vote for you! Victory??
Being in show business and making outrageous comments may help get a lot of free press.
they are also not talking about how much free air time you got every day, if had to pay for that you would of spent more
Maybe that's why you got 3 million fewer votes. (Seriously, though MSNBC gave you countless free hours of publicity.)
Spending your own money does not equal money spent ON you.
@mike_pence @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump STOP FOREIGN AID2 HAMAS,SOMALIA,LIBYA,EGYPT,SA/ALL!!EXPORT USconstitutn
However you also did not mention the FREE help given you by the Rooskies nor the FREE help given you by Dir. of FBI.
You spent less money and the GOP paid you millions for the use of your jet,buildings etc. Please Don.
How about because it does not fucking matter at this point? #NotMyPresident #RESIST
Dear Donnie. LOL. LOL. LOL. You did. You made everyone else pay. Loser. Down by 3M votes.
But Donnie, you got free air time 24/7, and us smart people know that. And we know HRC got most votes! Poor dumb Donny.
You had better pour most of your economic and job revitalization efforts into the Rust Belt, and Wisc., to say "thanks".
That's because you were keeping the money for yourself while Hillary was spending it on her campaign
Its not important for us @maggieireri
You also made far less charitable donations than you claimed. #NeverMyPresident #Grifter #Liar #Loser
How about you behave appropriately?  We are not in grade school.
you lost the popular vote, Donald, and the country lost the electoral college. #notmypresident
Check the audited accounts, folks.
get it together !!
oh boy!! does AMERICA love that!! so much money that can be used in the inner cities and families out of a job!!!
Mr. Trump, the only reason you won was you made more promises to the American People than any other candidate in history.
really you lost by 2.8million votes ha ha
the media is not going to give anything but a hard time. They are all so phoney
wrong, wrong, wrong
what was the $ of Putin & Comey's intervention, World Leader Pretend?
spent less money and got less votes would you look at that
YA BUT YOU SURE ARE MAKING IT NOW ON THE BACKS OF AMERICA. SO ARE YOUR GREEDY CHILDREN. SHAME ON YOU

don't care!
#PatheticPEOTUS
u are clearly delusional. U actually lost
Are you going to mention her each day for the next four years, or what? You won, dude. Sheesh.
But you won by a 'loophole', not an actual democratic win!
..mainstream media is sickening and so biased that they couldn't fool their mothers !
: Nice jab, but the fight wasn't against you. Rather against the "Good Ol Boy's" and their failed policies on the right.
Thinks it's time to move on Mr. PE. You have more important things to second guess on.
you received billions in free coverage from the msm you claim to dislike
why don't you spend less time listening to the pundits and more time learning how to govern.
talk about your policies instead
campaign is over. Start acting presidential.
there's still no mandate, nor a majority, and if you count all the $ the RNC spent to rig the election, still crooked..
good now u have more
seriously, get over yourself!  Sore, spoiled winner!  #unpresidential
why would hey? You're an embarrassment to America.
Funny, I've heard all of them note this (actual) fact. Many times.
yes because the media paid too much attention to you for free. Someone is a sore winner it seems.
What in the world is wrong with you? What dreams make u wake up tweeting nonsense? Poor USA! LONG 4 YRS
Release your taxes
very biased reporting .. time will show these people ..peace to you Donald Trump 
. You collected it in other ways lol
.@realDonaldTrump While you're on this subject, did you remember to thank the corporate media for all the free publicity they gave you?
Didn't cost much to have voting machines tampered with, ballots marked "colored - do not count", have recount stopped
@KellyannePolls @HouseGOP @SenateGOP What a big baby. I hope the REPs see you for who you are.
Russian hackers are cheap these days...
Who the hell cares!
They should do more reporting of your scam, liar!

https://news.vice.com/article/trumps-kids-are-cashing-in-on-his-campaign …
Donald Trump. if you wanted to make the government a billion dollars a year leagialize hemp an charge 50% tax on it.
Such a sore loser of the POPULAR vote. Everyone hates you and no one will perform at your inauguration! Wittle baby...
I hope you aren't surprised!
Hillary is old news. 
Poor Donald. SNL is not going to accept a Donald Trump presidency.
Never Hillary. Never Donald Trump!
All that you seem to know best is how to brag, what's that all about? It's always me,me,me with you.....wow, very elementary my friend.
U can say that again...With much love from Cameroon (West Africa)
you did receive a butt-load of free advertising by saying bullshit outrageous stuff....
forget Hillary
You are correct, Mr. Trump!  When are the liberals going to accept the fact that you won the election fairly and dominantly? Poor losers !!
sadly, you never will!
you won the electoral college. Are you that insecure you can't let your "win" go? Oh that's right you have no mandate. +3m

ShowTime- "FarLess$" Graph In 2minVid Released MidNov- BotLeft 20SecsIn- @foxnews @ap @cnn @Democrat_4Trump @AllenWestRepub
You lost the popular vote by 2.8 MILLION and you come in at 46th place for electoral votes. nothing to brag about
they gave you free publicity because they thought you'd lose to Hillary. Job well done buddy
has anyone told this guy the election is over?
@MMFlint That's ok Donny, i'lol send you a certificate of achievement if you need people's attention so badly
You lost Donny. By 3M votes.
why are you still talking about Hilary. Win with grace .
My Best Christmas Present of 2016--You won the Presidency.USA will be strong, protected, Prosperous,Happy,& Safe.
#YouKnowNothingDonaldTrump
Most ppl with confidence don't need to whine about not feeling "appreciated." The weak minded do tho....
Perfectly said!!
Killary is finished for good
you have not included $2B of free estimated media coverage in your cost basis. If you did, you would have spent more.
Mr President I point that out to liberals every chance I get

you raise more money than the Democrats. You want the money for yourself buy pictures for yourself and pocketing the rest.
Who cares?
Obviously the left can't do accounting. They have no money to begin with 
@POTUS @HillaryClinton
how about the fact that U made far more $ than any candidate ever & will probably make more $ off presidency than any1 ever
already saving money! Go PE Trump!
please.  I'm a Democrat trying to respect for the position you hold.  Security for America
Who cares, grow up and act like a real man and president elect. Tired of your crying about everything.
Why are you still talking about @HillaryClinton ???? Can you grow up and start acting like your soon to be job tittle.
such a waste of your energy to worry about this stuff
act like a president and not a 5th grader - wouldcha/couldcha?
With help from Putin and other crooked means. Narcissist Swamp Monster. #unfittolead #PutinsPuppet
