How about investing in #education for the jobs of today? It's a global 21st century economy. No more corporate subsidies.
how about getting the commies, marxists and the rest of the idiots out of education first?  they are the ones who are ruining it.
ALL OF >YOUR< FAMILY'S PRODUCTS ARE IMPORTED!
>YOU< don't buy AMERICAN BUILDING MATERIALS!
Where are YOUR products made, donnie? Hmm...
You're such a foolish example of Federal Government overreach and incompetence.  Don't you see that?
Let's hope there are US patriotic companies that will pick up those workers.
get rid of nafta
Well stop them Donald!  Give them tax break like Carrier. I promise not to go to Mexico if you send Hamiltons my way.  
listen to you talking like trump is a dictator.  the key is to create the environment where companies want to be here.  stop taxing so high
well why don't u fix this. Do something about it. Do u only pick & choose who u want to help. Merry Xmas to some not others
alafuetta, per our founders, only the people can fix this government.
#MarchForOurLives
Why is the comunist liberal Washington Post so happy about this? Don't they want jobs to stay in the USA? God bless you Mr. President.
WRONG AGAIN MR. TRUMP! The employer is relocating 300 employees to MONTERREY, MEXICO! Quit being so ignorant! #DumpTrump
as an employee of that company, who the hey would want to move to mexico?
@BB1fanTambra Thank you Mr.President. we know you will save this Nations jobs.
no, we do not know that.
Thank god more liberals out of here
Reality here now, ur the POTUS. Stop acting like a child and just push a plan. You might be surprised to see who willing to back u, grow up!
Remember this? Except it's 2017 when we're not the world leader any more:
When are you and your daughter going to stop having your clothing lines made in China & Bangladesh? Hypocrisy!
Why not start with something you can change, and stop having your & Ivanka's products made in China and Banghlidesh??
-Why don't you hire them, since you like wasting tax payer money on your $3 million weekends.
At least they pay Mexican standard wage or better;  Unlike, Ivanka paying $1 per day for her trash.
So you will tax the citizens to pay bribe $$$ in the way of tax cuts to said corps to keep them here? Dangerous precedent.
and you think trump would be the first to do that?  dangerous thought.
Obama does nothing, campaigns,  plays holf, poorly, kisses Saudi ass, buys their oil supports terrorists
I guess, NBC is part of National Security Council that's why the get Top Secret Intelligence reports
silly comment.
StandardMerchasising in Camden NJ is one of the few remaining textiles companies in America!!!
make America Great Again!!!
and trump hires macedonians to do facebook etc. posts.  yep, make macedonia great.
Co's moving out of US isn't just about taxes, it's also Obamacare.  Can't wait 4 OC 2 b overturned. OC is costing co's $$$
trump wants it.  he loves the mandate and wants single payer.  Yes, the voters  elected trump which is Obama term 3.0.
MY OPINION MR PRESIDENT ( LOVING BEING ABLE TO SAY THAT TO ""YOU"") YOU HAVE TO ENGAGE STIFF TAX RATE ON IMPORTS!!
silly response.  a stiff tax rate is passed down to us, that is you and me.
The Rexnord staff person on Fox is heartbreaking , talking about how they're treated , cast aside and jobs given to Mexico
did you get the tissues out?  what crapola.
Rexnord announces the day after you left. The good will tour went really well. Sad. Not good.
dem patriots?  an oxymoron.

trump is not draining the swamp.  he is adding to it in some cases, and moving the gators around in others.
listen to no one. You're god given leadership is a thousand times better than any president elect in my life #myfirsttweet!
oh my.  paul you must not have been paying attention.  or you are a lot younger than I am.   look to history to learn.
are you going to give them millions of dollars too?
Then why are Trump branded products STILL made in China ans Mexico?  Have you ever told the truth about ANYTHING?
do us a favor, get a psych evaluation
APPARENTLY, YOU KNOW VERY LITTLE ABOUT BUSINESS, ALL OF YOUR BANKRUPCYS TELL US THAT.
WOULD YOU RATHER THEY GO OUT OF BUSINESS??   BUSINESS MAN , HELL!!
you're totally out of the little mi d you might have had
that is a LIE and you know it!  Stop lying to us!  We are sick of your lies !
So not saving jobs was not your priority but blaming President Obama was. Is that to glue the deplorables who have no clue to you? Sad!
You are clueless Donald.  Obama worked for this cpountry.  I can't say the same about you. You seem to just push lies.
U always have to blame President Obama for every thing!! GROW UP!! Take responsibility - under ur watch
OPPS!
And yet another fail for you.
Rexnord employees have been pleading with you for hep. So shut your ugly mouth and do what you said you were going to do
Where the hell are your brains! I sent this information to you and @VP  while you were at Carrier. As still Gov Pence should have done some
Bring back work for Trump goods first.  You know, Made in China, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Vietnam.  Where is  Made in U.S.A?
maybe with no health insurance no medicaid, no arts no meals on wheels their employees will do better in Mexico they hate U
I thought you were the genius who could FIX everything and knows more about everything than anyone! Guess not ! Lmao
but it's still OK for you and Ivanka to have your branded merch. made everywhr but in the US. A true hypocritical POS!
U said if any1 moves fm USA tariffs will be put on their products!They'll call u next day saying they're not moving. Did u forget? MAN UP!!
But you knew in December and did nothing to help the workers. Isn't your VP from Indiana, I guess he didn't have much clout either.
You have no right to talk MR. Your companies build shit in China and a few other places. practice what you preach jerk.
#Ivanka and your clothes are made in China
This was Pence's state.
Is your clothing line still being made in China & Bangladesh? Just wondering.
You are not very reasonable man are you
-  Yea right !
Because they should go to China instead, like you and your daughter?
Too late. #LOSER
Please stop this in whatever way you that can Mr. President!
Company moves to gain higher profits . What about the people of Indiana.. Shrink the profit by a very high tariff .
Most think that you are brain dead. But looks like you are blind too. Cost matters. These are not fake news but true facts
Your a joke and they don't give two shits about us. Till laws change and tax penalty implemented nothing will change. (esp. outsourcing)
I hope everyone who voted for you will get to see the traitor you are to this county. Have fun in jail.
We have 300 works that know the job and a empty building, lets tool up and keep it home. They can sell someplace else.
Rexnard just announced that they were firing ALL 300 of their workers and moving to Mexico. What r u going to do about it?
: Rexnord is still moving to Mexico from Indiana. Where is Mike Pence? Did he run out of money?
We need to tax their products so hard that they will go out of business! No more job losses!
"Have you heard of Susan B Anthony?"... Did Bannon introduced you to SBA just before your speech to women's conference?
you ineffective fraud.
Then don't allow there products to be imported back to America or sold on our shelves, simple as that
When American workers make your company what it is today are abandoned, you don't deserve the US consumers $
Mr. President, do you have to comment on everything? Please realize how immature and unprofessional it makes you seem.
You are in collusion and criminal partnership with Russian.No more
how you doing on this??? not good trump...SADDDDDD
CEO greed
YOU hire H/2- Immigrants,..import YOUR FAMILY PRODUCTS;..YOU DON'T BUY AMERICAN made BUILDING MATERIALS
FORKED -TONGUE puke
I'm guessing #Rexnord didn't see these tweets. You seem to have had no effect. #Sad #Pathetic
I'm pretty sure the way it works is that good things are caused by Trump, even if they weren't. Bad things are not, even if they were.
Ah. Okay. Waiting to see him claim responsibility for US Q4 economic success...
More companies will exit the USA or expand elsewhere as your rule of stupidity bumbles along the road to destruction.

'I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire! https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu … & https://plus.google.com/u/0/107835312295887565713/posts/HfawN8T9M5M?sfc=true …
DAMNED LIAR,.....happening ALL OVER OUR COUNTRY;....YOU WOULDN'T be able to KEEP YOUR DAMNED MOUTH shut,..with THREATENING
How soon you forgot who got you elected.  What have you done to stop this?
see you big dummy,tweeting mean things is a totally different thing from actually being a man in charge
there is nothing u or anyone else can do about this and u know it. STOP MAKING PROMISES YOU CAN NOT K
that's is your doing Orange Ass
thought you was going to stop jobs from leaving USA
that worked out well.
This is happening on Your President Watch. Keep Lying, Keep Backstabbing, Keep being Scandalous, We The People Fuc_ing See
@VP This was the state Mr. Pence was the Gov for at one time. Seems sad these folks lost jobs - probably voted for you.
Well, you did a great job defending those jobs, didn't you? #FailedPresident
ATOS is doing the same thing. Laying off US workers and hiring replacements in Mexico. Very sad.
Also on a better note, Thanks for the help with Freightliner Mt Holly
Then I hope you mr Trump does something about it. Put a big Tax on the things coming into America. We can't let this go on
you aren't gonna do nothing but sit your ass in Florida and play golf!!!!
Thanks for all you do Freightliner Mt Holly hiring back 580  and should be going from 52 Trucks a day to 110, Come visit.
Also T&E Tyco in Rock Hill SC shutting dowm operations to a tune of 358 jobs. Going to China. James O"Toole New CEO
starting today if these companies move jobs out of the USA  they can no longer do any business here !
. Then do what you promised everyone and save those jobs. More election lies to go along with I will release my tax returns
Why don't you stay out of private industry's private business matters...  You're a politician now, genius.
Guess when cameras off you do nothing!!!! They are right next to Carrier who got you headlines!
@RbAmeerAbdullah Mexicans need jobs too, and if they can do it cheaper it means cheaper products for U.S. consumers!
, you a paw-n for corporate interests and don't know scratch about the working cat! + Ur a puss ! @realDonaldTrump
my ancestor was Adam Smith's cat, so I'm a pretty big advocate of free trade.
the shitty cars that come from your city don't run further than 200k miles. That is a result of tariffs.
Great anecdote! Where do you suppose Mexicans will work when there are no jobs in Mexico?
we Donald poi non vi lamentate se non ci sono più persone disposte a fare i lavori più umili!
Put BIG tarrifs on all Rexnord products, while you are at it have the IRS audit every one of their executuves
US cost of labor is too expensive!!! 7 Billion people in the world willing to work at cheaper price !!! US credit cheap!
pay em 30 millions and they'll stay. EASY D!
your thinking about Islam is good
your voice against Muslims is good
You kidding? A man who took pride in telli g people "YOUR FIRED" That's what you'll be hearing in 4 short years! A Disgrace
I believe in God ,you and my husband a democrat and I a independent voted for you.please help us he lost his job
my husband just lost his job. It's very hard here but still have faith in you! Thank you for caring for the average person
my voice stinks but I stand with you along with all my PA. And Ohio supporters and sing the National Anthem
you know I am your biggest supporter! Thus Western PA would sing at the Inauguration.
Make sure it also applies to your fashion products made overseas.   35% tariff.  Probably, doesn't apply to you, right???
probably now more than ever, companies will be moving so they won't have to deal with your horrible ability to govern
They heard Trump would be president so there was a unanimous "Nope" and they left. Dry your tears http://amzn.to/2iQrOpC 
Workers have to train the mexicans or lose their severance pay. What a kick in the butt.
The declassified intelligence report on Russian hacking has been released. https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/ICA_2017_01.pdf …
@Bruce_LeVell This is no good. Maybe Trump can talk to the CEO company to prevent them from going to Mexico
Instead of tarriffs and tax reform, eliminate all income tax. Replace with National Sales Tax
what about Carrier still going to Mexico??? 800 jobs! How U conveniently forgot them!! Carrier deal was a publicity stunt!
Viciously? What are they doing, throwing things at them during the heated firing process? Sad, very sad.
Why don't you give them millions of $$ of Indiana money like they did for Carrier so they will stay?
Donald I am all for you being the keep the jobs in America president.
Just stay out of social issues.
. You said you were not going to let it happen? "because they’re not leaving this country,”
Doesn't that mean you are going to pay them $3.5million to keep the factory open? Thats the going rate from your last deal?
When are you bringing back your overseas companies/jobs? Still making those shirts in #China like a good #hypocrite #liar?
So what are you doing about it? #lying trump
Planning to have the people pay for these jobs as well?  Liar!!!! NOT MY PRESIDENT!!! BASKET OF DEPLORABLES REJOICE!!!
so r the Carrier jobs u claim 2 have saved. Carrier said they will use $ from deal to buy machines to replace workers #Fail
Good job. Why isn't press covering your success at Rexnord saving 300 jobs? Maybe press isn't liars could it be...
how many tax dollars will you give them?
#Trump powerless to halt free enterprise: Rexnord leaving. For severance pkg, current employees required 2 train Mex wrkrs
That's how Scientology business ethics work. Soon the people they enslave will be counted as criminals for questioning them
Guess you lost that round dickweed.
https://theintercept.com/2016/12/19/factory-near-carrier-sends-jobs-to-mexico-but-trump-just-tweets/ …
we gonna die
Rexnord employees got notice they will lose jobs in Feb. and must train Mexican replacements for severance packages.

One of Trump's thank you tour speeches carries more weight, and has more substance then all Obama's speeches combined!
Tell me what Rexnord manufactures. I damn sure will boycott it. @realDonaldTrump @SkyeShepard
Please save Rexnord
let's give them incentives to stay.
ayyy
I sick of these idiots that for some reason they can't see past their face god bless you sir I know you will make it right
maybe you should offer them millions of tax payer money to have them stay, now that you set a precedent. #yetanotherblunder
And yet you keep mentioning it happening over and over again...
what about your ties and shirts,and your daughter's clothing line?!!
Mr. President-Elect Move http://On.org  is going on and electors will Change the votesthe 20th. What can we do?
have ceramic company in New York make vest parts and components for ablative armor
so have one of ur lieutenants find them a Northrop contract
@glzmglzm 
Let them Go
Then Close off Trade with that Country
great job Mr. President
if they want to make it in mexico, tell them to sell it in Mexico.
As President, I plan to make it easier for our great companies to stay in the US to create jobs and stimulate the economy
Bring business call centers back to the USA. So tired of speaking with reps in India and Phillipines.
amen
lots of individuals own stocks in the company.and your question was.
why don't your companys move back from china, india saudi and mexico then?
No more,  you say?  When will YOU stop?  Hypocrite!
So, you will stop this by imposing corporate welfare and making taxpayers pay for it.
This move has to hard on the Mexicans, just another reason to come to USA.
tell that to yourself! Two faced
to bad your terrible loser choice for VP didn't do anything for the companies in his state - he was going to be fired
Really? Why is it OK for Ivanka to manufacture her shoes in Ethiopia?
Rexnord. Sold stock. good thing it dropped. Egotistical owners. People do not matter. To bad!!
