GREAT DEBATE. YOU WON EASILY. I was standing all night and cheering. Thank You for helping this country.
oh man just standing and cheering for america and pussy grabbing
I guess you don't care about Hillary laughing about getting a rapist of a 12 year old off?
lol abe lincoln successfully defended a murderer its what lawyers do. get over it
So Trump bragging about women is worse than Hillary laughing about RAPE to you?
she didn't laugh about  rape, ur boy called clinton's accusers "loser's" he changed his tune to bilk rubes
I have bad news for you. Go to YouTube type in Clinton laughs about getting rapist off. OPEN your eyes
lol "youtube proof" go to youtube and type aliens proof you'll find something. learn whats real
GREAT JOB!!! You knocked it outta the park again!! God bless you. #MAGA #TRUMP 
god bless him with some pussy grabbing
look up Margaret Sanger & Robert Byrd and get back at me.
yawn o licious
bill raped women trump talked dirty with men. You should research some things, HILLARY is not 4 you, or me
no one named bill is running for pres. milania is an illegal who did porn so what?
baby no she's not. You really need 2 go study and research. Oh Hillary knew Bill did that.
study and research= go to breitbart and prison planet god that that's so tiresome
nu uh trump does
trickle-down economics is a knife in the gut of a dwidling middle class.
hell if that's the case she needs to blame every American who buys anything in this country not just you. Splitting hairs!
they stink
good job you say something #possitive
Empty talk endangers the nation, hoping your actions will save the USA thus the whole modern civilization  world.
winner
Great Debate Sir
U R right, USA uses criminals of muslim world to destablize muslim world by giving US citizenship.Khomeni/Iran-Goel/Turkey?
that was an excellent answer donald

You gave her hell!!! Kept us glued to tv! North Carolina you!!!
And lost the debate. Hillary Won 57% to Trump's 34%.
Killary May won in your eyes but Trump WON IN MINE!!!
OK blind eyes. However, none of the undecided voters said they would vote for Trump. That's a big fat 0 for Trump.
BTW Trump won because he didn't take her bullshit!!!
@Hiking586 President Trump
@Trump_World For America...refer to Noam Chomsky
Has ROCK-SOLID Policies To #ProtectSaveUSA From EconomicCollapse,CivilWar,TheOverthrowOf #USGov&TheEnslavementOf #USPeople!
You hit it out of the park!!  Great Job!  I'm proud to be voting for you!  #AmericaFirst
nu uh clinton was better
We have the obligation not just to ourselves to be the great America we once were Something most have never known
#America needs a health care plan - not the decreasement of taxes. This is why #Canada is doing great. #Vote4Hillary
Slowest recovery since 35 million yrs ago to first Tree, first Monkey
TRUMP Won!!!!
millienials are carrying too much debt. Boomers will have a hard time selling homes because millienials will be priced out.
you ever heard of foreign investment?
Loved your line. 3 on 1. Didn't matter you cleaned their clocks. Ate their lunches and drank their milkshakes
Whining Donald Trump LOST 34%. Hillary WON 57%. He addressed no issues, just changed the subject on every ?.
Hillary lost because she doesn't care about America. She wants to arm the Kurds. Trump is in charge.
What do they care. We don't matter.
OH, shut down the I RS....
Atlantic City would like a recovery, too, but you sure got out of there fast, Mr Gropey
Exactly the right medicine to steer our country back to prosperity, growth, law and order, and sense of national patriotism
You are the man to stop the Democommy Party, Republican Establishment who want Globalization.  We the People speak Nov 8
you are in my prayers, we need a president that love's America..... GOD bless.
How is giving corporations more tax breaks a pro-growth plan for the middle class?
your pro growth plan: Republican dogma! #debate2016 #doesntwork #blahblahblah
& there goes America's clean air, clean water, freedom from bad products, DO NOT vote for @realDonaldTrump he is #UNFIT #NEVERTRUMP
just like the ice caps was going to be gone in 2016 lol I'll cut a tree down just for you @KimPiper1
lol id like to see you try to cut down a tree
cut one down yesterday
nicccce #maga #trumptrain #djtrump
purpose concrete economy & foreign policy plan to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain;by #Hillary only words,typical politician #debate
Wow! That actually sounds conservative! 
I know you will probably not see this Mr. T but THANK YOU for FINALLY giving us the debate we have been waiting for! #MAGA
does this mean you plan on paying your share of taxes?
Beware coming Hillary lies! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst #MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Bravo Mr. President

you have my family's vote!!
yes it just crushed everything even everything god wrote in the bible. it should be carved on mt. rushmore [s]
the redneck cheers lol
I am a former President of the Arizona Coalition Against Domestic Violence and I am voting for Donald Trump.
yeah wooooooo lets grab some pussy
please leave me alone.
trump is going to be our great 45th pres
Slow recovery because Republicans blocked bigger stimulus. pro growth plan is rehashed supply side economics trickle down
GOP even signed onto Obama's "payroll tax holiday" stimulus in 2011! And Obama got the tax increase he sought
I love you sir keep up the great work .everyone here in melvern Kansas is on your side
#is this so we can NOT PAY TAXES, JUST LIKE YOU?
keep going strong Donald
My interest in this elec is to have Secure Borders, Economic Growth & Safety 4 my family! I'm Voting Trump he will deliver!
oh yeah & their stats are made up. Ask the people who are unemployed & the victims of crime from illegal immigrants?
Trump won this debate!
No he didn't. He lied often, and showed he knows little to nothing about how govt works. He's a fool.
brought on by the GOP leaders at the time of the fall.
And still lost the debate. Maybe he should go into sports and forget politics. #snifflingtrump
if these people were so horrified when it happened how come they never came forward then.  Instead they waited. y?
How will you raise the funds to run the government?
Please　join　TPР！　Japanese　People　wish　US　join　TPР！lf　US　withdrows　from　TPР,we　should　much　diapoint
why do not mention your hatred of Unions and your intent on Lowering Wages across the board
One. Two. Three. Oh, and a four too: screw the poor, elevate the rich. Ah, Yuuuge plan. The best plan ever. I'm great.
Recovering from deepest economic hole since the Great Depression, @realDonaldTrump.
YOU WON!
#Debates #BigLeagueTruth OBAMA-CLINTON PLAN,1)FUND IRAN W/ 170+ BILLION 2)GIVE IRAN PATH TO NUKES 3) ALLOW ISIS TO GROW...
#Debates  #BigLeagueTruth 4)FLOOD USA W ILLEGALS & REFUGEES 5) HAVE CITIZENS PAY FOR THEIR WELFARE,HOUSING,HEALTHCARE
65000 refugees is hardly a 'flood', Calm down, #debate
.@Sayitt_Aintso @jharris422 @realDonaldTrump 65000 humans is hardly a 'flood', Calm down, #debate #HumanCrisis
IT'S ACTUALLY A LOT MORE THAN THAT! KEEP IN MINE ILLEGALS IN COUNTRY IS OVER 30-40 MILLION
fantastic
i am a woman and i don't, so what?
THESE ARE THE ISSUES I WOMAN CARE ABOUT...DAG GUM IT...NOT A LOCKERROOM TAPE...
His was in 2005 talking amongst other guys. That was one of Hillary Clinton's Dumbest Moves.
WITH YOU OUR ECONOMY WILL BOOM UNLIKE UNDER OBAMA!!
with you our economy will be in worst shape than it was after the Bushes. Clinton & Obama cleaned up Mess.
Taxing your way to prosperity doesn't work, their aren't enough rich people to tax. You need to lower taxes
Especially since the rich people like Trump don't even pay their damn taxes.
You won tonight!! Great job!! 
CNN poll in--Hillary Won. Your boy LOST. Audience participants didn't buy Trump's lies.
Because she didn't create ISIS.
Congratulations to @realDonaldTrump on winning the first ever 3-on-1 presidential #Debate.  #TrumpWon Can't wait for him to win & #MAGA 
CNN poll just in Hillary WON. You LOST Donald. Made a fool of yourself again.   Audience participants didn't buy your LIES.
I'm a women and I support Donald Trump for President!!
is on cocaine. #snifflingtrump
you actually only get to check things off AFTER you've done them
great job! Make sure to mention the money she got from Saudi Arabia and other foreign countries.
you sir was a lion
Trump's Current Tax Plan Has Loophole Windfall For Rich
How?
How?
How?
No on all three.  Bad Repub dumb ideas. Also when she says "Russia," you must mention uranium deal. Ask Eric. He knows.
You lost bigly.
Blow your nose and quit sniffing constantly.
so proud of President Trump
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/ap-fact-check-trump-economic-growth-42691766 …
are jobs must be for true born American  first
So tired of Clinton claiming surplus! -$3Trillion when Bush took over, that is NOT surplus! TRUMP/PENCE!  #NeverHillary
Three things that will allow corporations to go absolutely wild and unchecked.
we love #Trump she's evil.
it is impossible to cut taxes by 20% for people making 60k ! Impossible ! That would only BLOW UP inflation !
#VoteTrump #MAGA
Yeah, sure Donald ...your trying to live a dream that will be a nightmare for the people of this country.  Just B a man
Don't forget to end waste fraud abuse & redundancy & #MAGA @jallenaip
She has done nothing but kill 4 men and injured the rest badly Didnt even send a plane to pick up the dead and injured
That's how the GOP crashed the economy under Bush/Cheney...SAD LOSER #Debates  #BigLeagueTruth
Not counting the hundred million who aren't looking for work.
Yes! Love it!!
Also known as: Things Donald Will Never Do.
@riebl22 all he does is lean
love you me trump and I am a woman!
its been proven YOUR plan would INCREASE taxes for middle class.... CLINTONS would LOWER taxes for the middle class PROVEN
Know you hate EPA, but without their oversight, every company would be dumping waste and toxins into every source of water.
In what way did Hillary Clinton have a thing to do with economics from 2009 to 2012? That is a reach, liar.
And don’t forget “More money for meeeeee”
ask yourself WHY there had to be a recovery.
Equals "make ME richer". Your greed is showing. Along with your desperation.
You forgot to mention we're past the carbon tipping point and 19 trillion and counting in natl debt.
back to bush days
so an extension of the neo liberal policies that have put America in the mess that you're in? #clown
On a macro level, this is a once in a life time event. Generational wealth will be shifting hands. We need strong policy
Hey buddy next time take a walker to the debate, or a cane, they look better than the chair you used to hold you  up.
Or maybe....just stop paying taxes all together (like you)?? 
don't forget the republican cure all: trickle down. Oops that hasn't worked.
Slowest recovery?  From? You just make stuff up! #TrumpsToast
Each other and self-defeating, I like the Syrian war ends
howhowhowhowhowhowhowhowhow?
None of our enemies should know what our plans are to win a war. I get it Trump. I don't want to know what you're doing.
Speaking of WWII, if Obama was potus then, we all wld be speaking German & Hitler's face wld be on the dollar bill.
thumbs up if you think this campaign is pure cancer
Maybe see a nose doctor too
Hiliary got Trumped!! We need shirts made :-)
What you plan to do about the rape culture in this country? You know, besides contribute to it.
@mrosestl @realDonaldTrump 

Slow recovery after Obama administration, and it will just get worse under Clinton presidency. Cannot wait for her to lose
Recovery from what? GOP economic collapse. Why would we trust the GOP when they made a mess?
but will you legalize weed
Great job!
Your first priority is to sexually assault women.
you should get a Kleenex before you do all this other stuff
all irrelevant, you forgot two important numbers:

ZERO paths to 270
slower recovery due to the Republicans disaster that they left behind.
everything is better with an exclamation point.
you did awesome Mr Trump ! Pray for u all the time
mr trump has shown voters how he will run this country by spending wisely in his campaign refusing to cave to media
repeating it doesn't make it true.
You do realize Obama kind of inherited a recession from Bush, right?
@cauzenyattagirl


Good! Now explain to women, minority and millennial voters just how these policies will benefit them! Okay?
I don't care what u did/said long time back, if u are against terrorism & have zero tolerance on it, I support u #JaiHind
destroy the   cause a nuclear war by calling a mideast leader a slur
i LOVE THAT PHOTO OF HILLARY THANKS DONNY BOY!!!!!
@CNN All to benefit Donald Trump...check.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpPence16 #NeverHillary
Dude this was W Bush's shitty playbook!!! #ThatDidNotWorkOutWell
This meme means the Obama recovery period is the second fastest recovery in American history. God you're dumb. #readhistory
"Slowest recovery since WW2"?  '08 was the biggest recession since '29. History lesson: WW2 was AFTER '29....
According 2 economic experts, your plan would explode natl debt & crush our economy
you want to make American people more poor donald trump richard
hey Mr trump u did wonderful tonight.so proud of http://you.got  a question/// we are in hazard
I agree with your vision.

Pro-growth for your bank account and the top 1%. Not for middle and lower class.
Do you not think that the child-like way the two parties fight with oneanother has something to do with that, if it's true?
Great job on debate last night 
so you admit there has been a recovery since Obama has been in office.  Yay!
You would bankrupt our nation and then claim you couldn't pay back the nations we're in debt to - because you are a #Fraud.
have a lean government? when you said you would use block grants for health care and increase the size of military?
You mean after the Bush years & corrupt banks crashed the whole system?
well biggest recession since the great depression so I think that makes since, FOX NEWS He is repeating your stances.
And, He's Back.
Return of Gold standard. Audit the Fed.
tell the people of flint and all the business connected to the gulf regulations don't matter. The list of things go on &on
Locker talk 11 yrs ago, who cares. You must lead sheltered lives if you've never talked like that in private or heard it.
