I see. This is a year old story.
I know you didn’t read it but are you saying that WaPo ISN’T fake news? Because you LIKE the story?
Kinda screwed up loosing Spicer....he was part of ur backing..?? Wtf ?
lol as if you read this
Lol
How does this figure into your new budget math ?
let the President do his job
Well I think Mr President Trump doing a great job
So.. um they are truthful when you like it? Otherwise it is fake?!
America is so far in debt that we need to fix our financial priorities and pay what is past due, next step?
Mr. President when is geoengineering ie chemtrails going to cease- death to life in USA

Mr. President, from minorities in New Mexico, we thank you, support you and have tuned out FAKE NEWS!
you've got to get someone to expose all this graft and corruption. Too much for too long!
You could do so much go after cutting all the waist in the pentagon!  You could rebuild half the military with that!
Stop deflecting to other topics. Release your taxes or be forever known as illegitimate and a traitor.
We, Free Vietnamese, support President Trump against the China's illegal claims in Pacific Ocean. We love you!
more wasteful spending automatic 10 % increase in government agencies yearly. Fake cuts by not giving $.  Use Merit system
What´s with the design of it?
* = ;(
more money than you've screwed people out of??
we cannot have mexican drs write us prescriptions?? If you were to allow that , I could continue to
this would help a lot of us? As long as we get prescriptions to be filled that will be usa made drugs
TRUMPI i really need to have a doctor can you gradually stop obama care please? Im out of work and need it... Hugs kimi
corrupt government & news media outlets  https://youtu.be/dMrQKccHeVs  must watch beyond epic #TRUMP Will #MAGA
Wait, I thought we can't trust WaPo.  Is it okay now?  Or just sometimes? #TrumpLeaks
125 Billion? that's not peanuts. THIS is a situation that matters. Get'em President Elect Trump!
Don't want to mess with Cheney or Rumsfield companies tho
Giving $6 dollars 6KD6 radio tube to a Public broadcast station and writing it off as $6,000 Government subsidy=plain theft
the only thing the Russians might have done is exposed Hillary's emails for all of us to see the corruption
Donald Trump's the best thing that happened to the US.
We didn't think you COULD read! You sure can't spell! SAD #fuckwit #PutinsGiantOrangeFuckPuppet #OrangeHitler #KimJongTrump
@realdoneldtromq uh know Obama is spending so much time patting himself on back he needs 2 wake up & smell the roses
1月20日
125 billion$ correlates perfectly w/ how much #money dodges US #taxes each year in offshore #banks.
a good portion probably went on spraying us with chemtrails.
@seanspicer failed their 1st test in terrorism, by not believing that Russia hacked us, and they blamed the victim, DNC.

Mr. you need to go after those thieves. Count on us for support, we'll be right there with you.
@abelmaldonado @washingtonpost remember this when u talk about cutting #SNAP
We the people are very concerned about the huge waste in government. We struggle to make it here in our state.
炫耀武力？
As our 45th President, .Please make it a priority too demand that The Pentagon unburies ALL EVIDENCE ASAP. & Fire them ALL
the 2 million a day it costs to protect u who pays for that ???
I am not a supporter of yours, but I agree with you on this issue..
I was a shop supply PO in the navy the only thing that surprises me is it's only 125 billion which seems light to me
I have an uncle who works there.
I heard some stuff about you not being able to read. Did Melania read this? Mel, we're here when you're ready to escape.
the next time North Korea decides to test offensive weapons, we need to shoot them out of the sky.
I can hardly wait for you to cut the waste.
as a democrat I'm happy to hear your willing to examine out of control defense spending the the GOP blindly supports.
baloney.  Let's see you try to cut "waste" when it's located in 45 congress districts
你们那里竟然也有如此伟大的建筑？
.By contrast Mr. Trump, show out of touch politicians the importance of transparency. So glad for soc media
@deletto113 @washingtonpost ***Clean the swamp!***
like frivolous recount wasted millions of our taxes just to confirm Dem fraud & @realDonaldTrump win, more Dem waste
time to audit the pentagon and the federal reserve
go get 'em!
 Trump!
with all the crap that is going on with the election,  I  just like to congratulate you, I am glad you won.
thought you hated WaPo Donny?
Crooked, career politicians make our country sad. So we voted for you to change this, bc u don't give up until u succeed!
@IsraelNewsLinks @washingtonpost please solve this for us
Thought they were part of the biased liberal media? Such a hypocrite. Sorry for the big word It means phony
you don't have a clue what's "true" because you have no relationship with the truth
Good job passing your first test: diverting attn to Pres plane instead of this!!
Donald Rumsfeld admitted the Pentagon LOST $2.3 TRILLION the day before 911, do you think we are stupid old man? #911
shameeee u r gonna mend it lol
clean it up Donald... be the "Don" of America... you got my vote so let's see you get to work on this!
so now you believe the media? and the Washington post. LOL hypocrite much
THATS THE GOP BIG GOVT MAJORITY FAULT... CANT BLAME DEMS FOR THAT.
I have no worries Mr. President you have made it clear that you are going to come in and eliminate waste.
I didn't know you could read

Wait..you called Wapo a hack paper and now you like them?  You only like sycophants.
Trump is thé greatest ever elected president. You have our supports
most of Pentagon funding expended is funneled thru the middle defence systems that is expensive maintence.
but you told your lemming that everything in the Post is false because they said you are incompetent
Not to mention billians of which have been lost, they don't know where it went.
so this article you believe but when they report about Russia and your love for them it's a terrible paper and they lie?
Meanwhile, you've been costing NYC $1 million a day just to protect you. Talk about a waste.
As if you could recognize truth! Hahahah!
it's refreshing hearing a republican actually address these issues instead of just promising to throw more money around
@MSMVH @washingtonpost   How many shovels do you need to dig that crap up?  I'll donate a few. #draintheswamp
and at what point are you and yours going to stand up to the contractors that make it possible?
Bunch of swamp rats, torch the whole swamp mr. president
No more! Just like Hollywood wasted fed funds, no more!
I have just asked the journalists about the $2.3 TRILLION unaccounted for mentioned by your namesake a day before 9/11!
How will Donald Trump eliminate waste?
you don't have a bone in your body that knows what "true" even is
How about a Freeze on all Military Spending and No Bid Contracts?As a businessman you would always take Bids for Contracts.
What ever happened to "who really knows what is true?"  LOL.
TOO BAD THAT TRUMP DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO READ!
. Trying to deflect that russia hacked election for you. You are Putin's Puppet and a traitor #Treason
Remember the startling revelation Rumsfeld made Sept10th 2001 https://youtu.be/IVpSBUgbxBU  oversight investigate
Says the illegitimate President elect Trump.
مايقوم به  العدو  السعودي في اليمن  جريمه  حرب  وصمت دولي  لماذا؟
#Yemen
Not surprising!
There's a new Sheriff coming to town. Get ready!
I hope you all will learn that our governmental political system is a complete fraud and hack job
https://youtu.be/weEj5eGcP3E 
Click above understand the mind control from our MSN TV fake news
It's treasonous
TV fake news MSN offers no proof whatsoever but blames Russia with faults allegations
This is mind control
tons of waste in federal programs.. drain the swamp and make America great again!
Now you are sharing articles from the Wash Post? The same paper that you accused owner Jeff Bezos of using against you?
. SOS Who pays for the white skies?
you didn't read anything. you told everyone you don't read
Getting your news from the fake news agencies I see.  Now what are we to believe?
Hopefully, you'll be in jail for treason long before you ever go into that building.  Russian patsy.
how about this scandal? http://ireport.cnn.com/docs/DOC-1184433 … Can we get you to call out @johnpodesta in regards to creepy #pizzagate?
Seems @realDonaldTrump don't realise @johnpodesta likes are clinically insane. 
Enough evidences lock them into max sec psych ward
As a father @realDonaldTrump you do understand the danger #Pedofiles reoffenders poise to society? #CSAinquiry #Childabuse
shameful. Sir you will fix it! 
Shut it down and covert it into homes for homeless Vets.
Expert Malcolm Nance said you discount our patriots at the CIA. You're dangerously stupid and inept. Can't blame Obama
so you agree with the Washington Post here but question their journalist's integrity in others, without evidence?
time to make cuts and get this country back on track
DONALD HIDES EVIDENCE OF NON-PAYMENT OF HIS OWN TAXES YET REQUIRES ALL TRUMP FOLLOWERS TO PAY.
Wait, did you just cite "the mainstream media"?
I see.... you cherry pick what to believe from the Washington Post.
Been there, seen it.
But I thought you said the media was biased, sad and false? Or is that only when they expose you as an incompetent clown?
After realizing @BarackObama flat out lied about being transparent, it is so nice to have some #transparency finally. TY
The CIA NEEDS TO BE ABOLISHED NOT REFORMED BUT ABOLISHED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yeah, they saw you coming.
Hid the womenfolk too! 
and what's RLY in China's mountains!?
You'll need a sense of humor
Wait I thought you believed WaPo was fake news?!
& yet all you want to do is give them more
Wait. But you constantly say that the @washingtonpost lies and is fake news. So which is it?  #resist
pointing fingers won't take our eyes off you. So why not tell us what you're going to do about it?
Donald, when did you start reading?
iTS LIKE HOW uTAH COOKS THE BOOKS. sO GLAD FOR wORLD  SECURITY.  wE KNOW HOW TO PLOT.
i trust the Washington post, obviously
"yea, it should have buried into my friends and myself pocket!!" Donald Duck
that has nothing on your own personal waste Drumpf.
.
Drain the swamp.
You don't read. @washingtonpost
Says the man who has gone bankrupt how many times?  And screwed how many people out of their money? Give it a rest, Drumpf
and how much do you owe, the IRS? How much do you owe Duetsche Bank? Suddenly you are worried about Government waste.
very interesting. I didn't know u could read
haha, Trump always joking. Over here pretending like he knows how to read.
One day you discredit them and the next day you praise them.. you are so transparent its disgusting... get a life.
I used to work for "The Defense Contract Audit Agency." It made me sick to see billions in waste and outright fraud.
...no supries Hillary and them are behind all thid
We have a topic we agree on! A shame you aren't bringing people together! Minority presidents usually try to mend fences.
Run like an actual Dump business!
Much like you being the president elect.
You are the best because you are not biased. You always tell the truth, whatever it is. Best president ever.
Mr. President please view and contact me to educate you on this timely topic!
thank you for all that you do... so much love, hugs, and support from Maine
Bob Woodard a Democratic news hack still looking for a repeat if his first 15 minutes of fame.
@GoDonaldTrump @washingtonpost The real reason they are so afraid of Trump. EXPOSED CORRUPTION!
You better believe there's waste, saw it firsthand!
Please cut military spending and fund social services program and do something about institutionalized racism.
So, you're basically against all US Government agencies and support Russia?
@IMRAJRAY @washingtonpost  butifull
@realBobWoodward they can't say your not at least semi-transparent

@atrueamerican60 @realBobWoodward Stop reading LEFT MSM&read Intel briefings each day!
Please investigate 9/11.
Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets.” Donald Trump Jr.2008
The Donald is the best thing to happen in US fighting the good fight and the snowflakes still crying
#NODAPL
@ChuckJo47256398 @washingtonpost if  idiots rule waste is on the backbone of all people/higher taxes,Get Them #trump2016
- Its funny DT, how you like what the Post has to say when they aren't talking about you.
indeed such secrecy about use of funds and how they were poorly spent should be addressed. Thx!
Judge Napolitano Says:

The NSA Hacked Hillary NOT Russia...

False Flag
Wow, $125 Billion, wonder how you can funnel that into the Trump family business?!
Funny, stories you agree with are true, but stories about you that you don't like are filled with lies. Veeery interesting
you will start your business practice of non-payment and intimidation... Wait, that has already started

how the fuck would you know?
