Kane looks like a fool and you have that clown hair.the king has no clothes.
@mike_pence @HillaryClinton Pence denies theory of evolution:
@LiveScience Pence denies evolution theory:

PENCE IS A RADICAL CHRISTIAN EXTREMIST
at first I thought he was impeachment insurance, but now I see that his radical agenda is staged to seem "Refreshing" after this shit-show
better to look like one than BE ONE
Hillary didn't pay taxes either. She just failed her audit.
go online look at her taxes 40 years last year 34% Trump 0% Pence 12% read just read

that's true I fight them everyday. Won't change until GOP is gone. Trumps helping that
I'd like to see the criminal DNC gone myself.
argue with someone else man it won't be me.

I won't you're  already confused enough
you like that do you
Mike Pence would have you tarred and feathered maybe even burned at the stake. That's rich
you are so presidential you make us very very very very very very very disgusted
when you hire someone to do your personal taxes, dont you want someone that (within the law) gets you the best return?
if it is legal  meets my internal sense of morality and ethics. i wouldnt hide my $ offshore but use  roads water etc for free
Donnie Douche Bag!!!!
and all lies again as usual,
More like the Joker!!!!  Lol
nice click b8
OMG KAINE DIGGING HIS GRAVE
Yeah but Pence is looking pretty #lowenergy.  Reminds me of @JebBush
a big fool
NOT AS FOOLISH AS YOU LOOKED LAST WEEK
no trump u r a fool. U and ur tweets. Trump will destroy America
Look in the mirror
Kaine is a rude jerk!
wont shut up
No Pence is pain...lying for you
He looks a little unhinged
Kane looks like he has Pants on the Ground
.@realDonaldTrump a craphole cn only spew shit.Hillary ws wrong,any1&every1 whosupports u esp.tonite is deplorable #lewddonald #lyingdonald

I wonder why both Reps & Dems adore @timkaine, yet @GovPenceIN's home state constituents despise him
Matthew the 5th verse 22 - a fool, eh?
scured
Kaine unbelievable . continuing to interupt Pence and Moderator doing nothing to stop it!!  Soc Sec discussion so important
More name calling, is that all you have Donnie?
He is a fool.
Kaine is SO annoying, rude and lie, lie, lie he needs to shut up!
Kaine keeps interrupting.  Will they call him a bully or say he has bad temperment?
can you stop about rigged elections and concentrate on how to make america great again
The Democrats are already doing voter fraud!!
no you and your camp look like fools
He looks like a weird, psychopathic clown, that wants to intimidate, but is a Coward,and an no good BUM.
a jacka$$ is more like it
But you just agreed with him well later on anyway
@Rebecca35807112 @elisac006 @nycmia 
Kaine the Clown
Kaine is a CLOWN
Kaine seems neurotic and unhinged
HRC and TK are either EVIL LIARS or just way too stupid to run a toilet!! #Benghazi #BasketOfDeplorables #VPDebate #debates
brilliant just simply brilliant
lol lol lol

http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/republicans-to-target-unions-expand-school-choice-in-states/ar-BBxvWWX?li=BBnb7Kz …
Kaine is wearing as much makeup as Hillary these days. She had to start caking on the makeup because she looks TERRIBLE
@fancygap1 @realDonaldTrump kaine getting so hyper he's turning red as a lobster. Lmao he can't stop interrupting the Gov
He is rude as hell! And his voice is as creepy as he is! #Trump
Hope you hold @realDonaldTrump to that same "interrupting is rude as hell" standard
Go back to talking about chocolate, fat lady 
lmao that was a good one. Ha ha. Thx for telling the fat chocolate lady where to go
@JVH241 @elisac006 @nycmia looks like this. I finally figured it w/another deployable help.
A phoney smile  like a puppet!!  So sad!!
it's crazy scary how much they look alike
Kaine needs to step down, like America needs another Obama in any office. " TRUMP N PENCE 2016
....WRONG AGAIN! This is what a fool looks like!
No Hilary Clinton and Kaine are corrupt and crooked
Who is a fool?
you need to contact me.
looks like the Grinch
Kaine sits there and talks about dumb topics that doesn't make any  sense!!  No wonder Hilary picked him as VP
@patricia_vowles @elisac006 @nycmia I live in the Philippines and I wish I could go to just one Trump rally before 11/9/16.
Pence rocks! Do you take all deductions? I do". LOL Kaine is an utter Tool.
Kaine can only bitch about Trump, no new ideas.
I agree!!  Kaine has no idea that people see how he interrupts and acts like a fool!!!
Kaine looks like Curly from The Three Stooges
I agree!! Kaine's smile is so phoney looking!!  What a joke!!
@srfulton22 @realDonaldTrump @elisac006 @nycmia LOVE THIS SIGN! #VPDebate
I have the link somewhere. They are selling it on AMAZON! Lol
I'm gonna get one!!!
Kaine makes me so uncomfortable-he's like a ticking time bomb trying to get in all his rehearsed lines!
ICAM. Poor crazy eyes Kaine. Over his pinhead. Even w/the complicit Press! Oy vey
Hillary's going to be president 
Better to look like one than be one. #VPdebate
"@elisac006: @nycmia @realDonaldTrump I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!"
I don't know if I agree. Pence's smirks and head shakes are really annoying. Plus denial about things we ALL heard Trump say.
I agree Kaine was rude. But I wanted to punch Pence the entire time because of that damn smirk.
he has been frazzled since the debate began. Pence is calm, cool and collected.
No, he's got passion and he's human. pence is the robot.
Pence conducts himself as a man should, Kaine is so phony you can feel it thru the TV.
We disagree. Good luck to you POPO.
that's what makes democracy! What is POPO?
If Pence is truly what you see him to be, then Trump must make him want to kill himself.
I just wish Kaine would shut up & let pence talk.
you are the only fool
You're just looking in a mirror.
Kaine is a Clown!
low, low!
So how much SSI are you collecting?
I wish the moderator would tell Kane to stop  interrupting, what a poor excuse for a v.p. candidate.
Drive around Richmond...especial the surrounding areas of the VA. Its very sad!
You wish....but he's the only with with real answers. not defending a bafoon
Tell them Under a Trump Administration you will never "need"  the Iraqi's protection.
only if he would shut up and let Pence reply.
you think everyone except you look like fool .Look in the mirror.
Not to mention, just down right stupid. Lacking in higher-level thinking skills !
and the stupid moderator allows it and Pence doesn't get in an answer.
@KellyannePolls @BorisEP - if u want a GOOD example of a fool here it is!!!
he talks #BULLSHIT risky scheme for #SS when debt escalates u know Hillary will steal from SS
kaine is a god damn idiot!!! mike is destroying him. kaine interrupts constantly
TRUMP'S PUBIC HAIRDO IS A REAL HAIR DON'T!!GONE WITH THE WIND!
Fool? Now this is a fool.
pence face can't get much angrier! He's getting nastier and naztier
something you would believe but he has so much knowledge that pence can't deny be cuz of your focus
Be nice, dhut up.
look at Cain disdain for police
it looks like a teacher having a meeting with a parent and a child. Kaine is such a child
TAKES ONE TO KNOW ONE
Fool is putting it nicely!! He's a whinny baby.
He looks like a loose cannon.
Mr. Trump, please follow Gov Pence's demeanor in the next debate...extremely likeable#voteTrump/Pence
Now THAT is deep political commentary.
He is a asshat
A rude SOB
@mike_pence didn't back you up enough
Kaine is a over talking ass
Kaine looks like donald duck. hillarys foundation used  tax laws everyone uses in business
He is just trying to get to the truth!
OMG someone shut him up.  Smug Kaine .  Looks like a fool
Yes he does...but Mr. Trump I find myself yelling at you at time to shut up too.
Pence looked so much more intelligent than Kaine.
Pence is classy!
takes one to know one
he really does!!!!
Kaine needs to stop talking over Pence every time he tries to answer. Rude!!
i agree, you are a Buffoon.
Kaine looks Looney. Freaks out when Pence make good points.
HEY KAINE!!!  STOP INTERRUPTING!  Blow hole...
Kaine is acting like a "court jester"... how was he preparing?
I think Kaine is the clown trying to scare all the children on the edge of the forests.
Kaine's a jerk.
Kaine is as crooked as #CrookedHillary
pence is representing you with honor and respect...kaine is behaving like a rabbid squirrel.
why is Kaine given ALL the time to voice his gibberish and Pence is repeatedly interrupted? Fair... not hardly!
And Pence is whining. BTW: Where are your tax returns??
nope liar fraud conman trump: thats pence-hateful religious fanatic who will lose big like u in Nov!
Kaine's face is already getting red!!
It takes one to know one.....
again a crooked debate kaine 26 interruptions pence 4 this is ridiculous
I'm waiting for Kaine to start speaking Spanish!
Kaine is a crook.
viewership declining as they speak. Kaine is just unbearable to listen to. Looks like a Looney Toon
Kaine looks like a used car salesman ducking and dodging the real questions using personal attacks
worse, he sounds like a fool!  CROOKED HILLARY PUPPET!
Kaine keeps interrupting like a little kid
how low can a presidential candidate go...shameful
Kaine is so nervous
I agree as well
law and order gotta rule changes to come.
y'all need to go on offense!! Why don't u throw stuff back? Jobs and many successful ppl have HAD loses! NEED TO FIGHT BACK
Good God, Kaine is an ass!
@Midgespeaks @elisac006 @nycmia Kaine looks like an angry clown. #KaineTheClown
acting like a baby!!
fool is Trump for giving Pence the time of his life to run as President in 2020.
Kaine looks like a DAMNED fool!!!
#VPDebate
kaine looks more presidential than trump
never mind looking like .....you are a fool Trump
really
Really? #VPDebate #
why is Kaine always interrupting
- WHY is KAINE SOOO ANGRY? He needs to SHUT UP & QUIT talking OVER Gov Pence!
what is his pin? Pence's easy.
You ARE a fool!
Pence can barely make a point Doooooonnnnaaalllllddddd
turned it off watching something else. Can't stand kaine interrupting.
your guy is awesome I have to say. Tim Kaine looks he's a bit angry but keeps smiling. 
he's unhinged
Hey guys, more goodies on @wikileaks
Kaine is a bigger tool than the Clintonites
kaine got trump good on his tax dodge
We're going to need money for all of the fetus funerals.
That's a ridiculous comment
#KaineMeltdown
and pence looks like slick willy
he won't shut up!!!
Just like Trump "won" the other debate
moderator did not want pence talking about the emails!!! Go pence
Trump is by far the biggest orange fool of all!
yes, from the start.
nice word "fool". I'd use ass
ok Mr Hairpiece !!!
look in the mirror biggest fool in America #VPDebate
Trump stood on the debate stage last week and said not paying taxes “makes me smart.”  #VPDebate
Trump stood on the debate stage last week and said not paying taxes “makes me smart.”

Guess that makes all the rest of us stupid. #VPDebate
yes watch his eyebrows
why? Because Kaine uses real data?
looks like @GovPenceIN hasn't read your book Donny. Must not have pictures.
not going to say anything about Trumps looks, only the nonsense that comes out of his mouth!
