well done sir
Thanks Mr President
love you Trump!!! Build that wall and cut taxes!!
Happy Thanksgiving Mr. President


how long till Carrier makes a public statement disavowing trump's tweet?
keep up the good work making America great again! #americansforamericans

go Donald make America great again
Thank you. King
That would be cool.
Evangelicals love the antichrist.
you go Mr. President
So much to be Grateful for!
oh Bless you! You enjoy your Thanksgiving Day with your blessed family! Carrier stay in Jesus's name! 
happy thanks giving president elect Trump  to you and your wonderful family. You are incredible sir.
they already left.
. Next week recount 3 states
one more reason to be thankful for! Thank you for trying Mr President elect
LIAR!
You are literally just a meme that has gone too far
I pray that God will bless you and your family today. We as Christians have much to be thankful for
company that started as a small business in Angola NY. Beautiful place.
too many people listen to liberal media and what everyone else has to say they never listen to what you have to say
Mubarak you are reading Holy Quran
Take a break! You certainly deserve it. #doingagreatjob
Thank You Mr. President, take some time for dinner with your family.and Godspeed on the saving us. You ever need us justcll
really douchbag? Yo appointees a bunch of know nothing donors to yo  campaign & u think yu are smart. No u are a conman
keep up the good work....make Carrier a deal they cant refuse....save American mfg jobs!
- I like the electoral voting system. My small town was heard.. Trump is our elected POTUS! Thank God!!
- Andrea Markley; you are a nazi with your behaviors the emulate those of Hitler .. encompassing all hate
Is this going to be like the other nonsense where it turned out they were never leaving the US in the first place?
They made the announcement and it was on TV here in Indiana.  Those workers would be glad to keep their jobs.

These images actually explain a lot about his voter base, too. Fun in the barnyard with Bubba.
- All liberals have are lies and STD's... so sad
- I put it in small words to help the liberals understand. You're welcome
Unlike the bigly, YUGE words y'all teabilly crybaby cretins prefer. Gotcha.
.@realDonaldTrump Awesome work, your crookedness! At same time, looks like Argentine government equally busy scratching your scaly back.
.@realDonaldTrump A prez. having to work on a holiday!! & u tweeted u were working last w/e also.U should get emolument-and-a-half for that.
exactly. I bet he never called a company to save them from leaving.

U R working hard? YOU have no idea what hard work IS! Go to a factory fishing trawler or field. Get ur teeny hands dirty!
More layoffs planned at Carrier plant Trump promised to save http://fxn.ws/2zv4eJd  #FoxNews
Anything Good always makes Enemies and Haters.Ignore them all and soldier onto victory glory.LET THEM CONTINUE TO BACK BITE
if they abandon US workers and Indiana, I will never use them again. Won't reward a company who fails to support the USA.
Trump: Never mind all MY stuff is made overseas, though.
- That was a law granted by the democrats.. Trump will close that loophole..
The truth you'll have to ask a librarian to help you research that. Do you know what that is?
And you folks have been getting mileage calling liberals smug..
Your turn, I guess.
.Making progress?
Carrier jobs?   G.o.n.e.....

Oh, right.
Killing jobs !
Winning at Losing.
#EpicFail.

@gop
100%  support for you from Southern California!   From one of the SoCal families that actually get it
PEOPLE ARE SICK AND TIRED OF ALL THESE ANTI-TRUMP IDIOTS,THEY ARE LIKE DEMONS OF RETROGRESSION AGAINST  PROGRESSION.pls...
So, How about those Jobs being lost at Carrier in Indiana?
We don't forget your claims:
More layoffs planned at Carrier plant Trump promised to save http://fxn.ws/2zv4eJd  #FoxNews
- Thank you President DT for working to keep the Carrier A.C. Company here in the USA! I'm praying for all !!
Please Mr.Trump go on.!!Soldier on!Make America great! Be the Best ever,hence a household name of SUCCESS! GOD is with YOU!
FAILING
Get Clinton and you get Obama. They are out to destroy everything you try to do.  Face it. They are your real issue.
Trump should be fired
imagine um governante que travasse suas Própria batalhas não seria uma novidade
Get a real job. You know, one that pays less than a living wage and involves actual labor IRL & live off it. I dare you.
You don't really know what work is, because you don't actually do it. You delegate and make choices. But you don't WORK.
you don't have a clue? He worked and built us to over 509 companies. But you know it all ?
That's your job, you orange arsewipe. Not something you deserve brownie points for.
At least he's working.Obama would be
hanging with celebrity's,eating,on vacation,golfing or hanging out with
Isis.
"hanging out with ISIS"... Trump supporters really are phenomenally stupid.

Hogan the racist... how apt.

This kind of ignorant behavior is causing people to call President Trump a racist.
When it is the people being racist.

You used to say you would do it-not try to.
had nothing to do with Carrier. State economic development funds out of his control.
We are so fortuitous!!
that happens when you hold a public office, you work every single day
You are already proving to be the best, and not in the office yet! Wow, I knew from the beginning your the greatest!!
Get used to it! Presidents work all day everyday WITHOUT expecting a thank you. That's the job you sign up for ~ right?
When is your mfg operation coming back from China????
gimme a break, how hard can a phone call be ?
What ever happened to the element of surprise?
thank you. Keep up the effort and you will be rewarded give it time to work out. TY
After that, will you try to get @realDonaldTrump to stop producing his ties and other crap in China?
anything on this yet? Or are you too busy tweeting nonsense.
you have no power yet, stop taking credit for things you haven't done
Lol
Demand recount in Nevada and Maine and NH.  Play their game and win again
Confirm? 
Sir, I believe you're doing more before taking the oath than most presidents accomplish is first 100 days. Salute
meanwhile, your production line? Still outsourcing? #dumbdonald
Such a bad deal, just like all of your deals, all http://bad.You  are destructive & will destroy US if given the chance, please go
make it happen! Great news for all those workers and the United States
bullshit if that going to happen
Why not U? Trump insisted “they don’t even make this stuff here,” Stephanopoulos cited Brooks Bro as one company that does.
You do realize you're not the only one working on Thanksgiving right?
please ..
Remember the Fallen
How is it going?
Where are your ties and shirts made?
We put you in please do not choose Romney. He is a big part of the SWAMP !!! You will betray.us !
Here is my new insurance premium triple how is this
#MAGA YES! PLEASE tweet if U wish 2 speak!
Congratulations on saving 1000 employees jobs at Carrier A.C. Company!
Help get the pipelines approved. Enough of all the delays. I'm from northern minnesota and we need these pipeline jobs.
Me too..
congratulations dear president for your personal initiative to CREATE more jobs in USA.
do not millions in your country have to work on Thanksgiving. They don't ask for thanks do they
sure we see how hard ur working. you make a ton of tweets all day. thats some serious hard work
Breaking: Carrier confirms in letter to workers that fan coil jobs will "relocate" to Mexico by end of 2017.  @IndyThisWeek
Hmmm maybe you should work hard bringing YOUR businesses back to the US. #TrumpFace
oh yea, lik
Liar!
And I beleive you will be successful.
Thank you Mr. PRESIDENT
Your Rad.
"even on Thanksgiving?" What, you want a fuckin medal for working instead of stuffing more food into your bloated skin bag?
Don't tweet about it just do it
A Friendly Reminder not to buy fake T-Shirts from Parasites. Get OFFICIAL gear here: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com 
I'm proud to call you MY PRESIDENT.
I heard you asked Thanksgiving guests who should be Secretary of state..my vote Secretariat.. a real winner
DID THEY AGREE TO STAY?
Jill Stein is working hard on Thanksgiving to save the US from a #TremendousTurd!
Bring your clothing line manufacturing back to the US BEFORE you tell US-owned companies what to do #HYPOCRITE
you didn't do anything.
That's ( # 1 ) 

WWHD ( what would Hillary have done )

( nothing )
I'd rather you went to the intelligence briefings that you say you don't have time for #howdumbcanyoube
working hard ???Its thanksgiving dinner Do who are you working hard with Scotland ?
Thanks for telling us. U shouldn't be leaving your office anyways. You should move into it. You promised so much. #worktime
Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) reached to 30000 employees (25K in US)
.@realDonaldTrump
the better off commie .
#CPS involved in #humantrafficking #littlelivesmatter SERIOUSLY! THIS HAS TO STOP NOW! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Oj_eQmmHUI&feature=youtu.be …
Still waiting.
I'm @ (970) 846-7460 - a systems analyst ready to work 4 your team pro bono. Just cut me a deal 4 a room at Trump Tower :-)
IF THEY DONT STAY PLEASE BUY TO PLANT MR PRESIDENT WE WILL WORK FOR YOU!!!!!!
thank you rDT.  Make this happen.  It is now a huge symbolic effort.  If nothing else, make this work.
Thank you
as a show of good faith, Y don't U lead by example & bring your own damn factories back?! #hypocrite #Trumperdink stinks
any updates on carrier staying in indiana?  your thanksgiving day tweet said you were "working hard" on it.
It will never happen. You lied to all Americans. More jobs will be lost. YOU WILL BE IMPEACHED!
Thank you! you are a great man!
this is what a real president does for thanksgiving he feeds the veterans of our great nation..
Unlike what you do
Prove it.
WHILE YOU ARE AT IT BOSS @realDonaldTrump  , SEE WHAT U CAN DO ABOUT MCDONALDS' AS WELL
did you move all of your companies back to the US?
where jesus follower is the only one have a family tree of back home 2000 years my family the only one have it from all
Not going to happen.  The business decision was already made months ago
My Dad was a Plumber ( The best. All plumbers came to him to ask questions) My Dad had the Carrier patch on his uniform.
liar.
you talk like my 80 year old grandma. get off of twitter and get ready to run the country
"even on Thanksgiving"? Want a medal? Many work on Tday especially presidents. No more vacay! #manbaby #novacay #conman
in Iraq  the living units we had made in Italy. A/C  as well. The living accomidations business should have gone to the US.
Well, good for you.  I was working on Thanksgiving too.  You are going to be president; it is a 24/hr 7 days per week job.
No you're not. You're chasing your daughters around the dinner table in hopes of uncomfortably long hugs.
you are a LIAR
while your servants make your families meal?
Thank u Trump and I thank God every day and pray for u and your family. I trust u and I stand by u.
so awesome
Romney would not support party or party nominee. Not fit to represent USA
bet the A.C. company was annoyed you were trying to contact them on Thanksgiving
Thank you!
You do not know what hard work is boy.  How about if I take you to the front in Mosul and show you what a real day is?
heard securing your work day with five courses cost the tax payers 9mil- thanks! That's cash.
Mannnn..u are a joke 4 real..you not saving shit. What we want to know is what are you up to reg Dakota Pipeline..waiting?
No you're not, your on twitter
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2016/11/25/politics/secret-service-trump-tower/index.html … for those who were upset at Obama taking a vacation
Keep going My President Trump. We love you and Pray for you daily.
You're not President yet. So why are you? You should be learning the routine and all stuff needed to be Prez..
thanks for working so hard for U.S.. but r u saying now the elite like Hillary are above the law??
POTUS is 24/7.  Hard work will be 24/7.  And recounts are legal.
You have no idea what your job is going to be, do you? Why don't you spend time in briefings instead.
Turkey Gobbler elect Bwaahaahhaaa!
must be hard to give big companies tax breaks on thanks giving.  U r such a fool
Lies!  When will ALL TRUMP PRODUCTS be made strictly in the USA?Trump buildings made w/China steel. Trump Univ fraud-$25Mil
this is a lie!! Ppl please research on it own. He's betting on the uneducated white folks 2 be gullible. Wake up ppl!
@Team_Trump45 @Northvike other than having nepotism in your cabinet, try getting some family time 2 your family
Working hard with Fabio and Don King?  Grow up. Act like an adult. U won't be in office long. IMPEACHED because u r crazy
.@realDonaldTrump Instead of trying to get companies to stay here, why don't you lead by example and move yours back here?
how about cleaning your own house up first, have your ties etc made in America #Hypocrite
: God Bless You President Trump, Just Be Very Careful. Your Doing S Great Job. I'm working Hard for you too. Great picks
it's getting really hard for your supporters to make excuses for you on all these Twitter messages please stop
