how about radical Christians that are already there? True Muslims are NOT a problem. #geteducated #youaretheproblem
Even your own people know you're never getting elected. Enjoy a historic, humiliating loss.
Islam teaches love. mercy. peace. Please click the link for dialogue
Here’s the REAL truth. BOTH religions teach peace in certain passages, and violence in others. An overwhelming majority of the world’s Muslims practice love and peace, as do an overwhelming majority of the world’s Christians. Stop blaming one side. Got it???
ROFLMBO   Dude!  You’re just now commenting on a tweet that’s 15-months old?!  You must be furloughed with plenty of time to “catch up”.  Oh, btw...he’s talking about RADICAL Islamists, not peace-loving.  BIG DIFFERENCE!  hagd
Here’s the tweet again & it never mentions the word RADICAL:
“Islam teaches love. mercy. peace.”
Btw, I responded because I was certain you were still as ignorant today as you were 15 months ago, and I was right! Damn I’m good at reading people!
Hahahaha....And you're still funny as hell.    Radical Islam is Radical Islam.  So, you go on think what you want.  I'm still having a fabulous day.
Thank you! I write comedy. We’re in complete agreement if we’re talking about radical Islam and not Islam as a whole. Same thing goes for radical elements in any and all religions. That was my point. Glad you’re having a fabulous day; I’m hungover..
Drink plenty of water and eat a couple of bananas.  (((HUGS)))
You rock, TXSoupgirl. We’d probably have some laughs if we hung. I used to go to Austin every year for SXSW. I miss it.
---you have my vote
Hey Andrea, If you say Hillary Clinton 5 times, the devil will appear and rip your heart out.
will it be between the stories about the fake moon landings?
That FEELING in the PIT of your Stomach
Is KNOWING it's TRUE, G
 
@OpsecAurelius @realDonaldTrump
President Obama To Donald Trump: 'Stop Whining'@OpsecAurelius @realDonaldTrump
Time to plan your next job since politics isn't working http://out.How  about Creepy Clown?
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
. @realDonaldTrump Y don't u b a decent man,father,grandfather rather than an arrogant http://arsehole.MAN  UP & ACT APPROPRIATELY.
You can't be elected to crap now dumbass racist
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
AMEN
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
If i find a unicorn I'm going to fly it over a rainbow of lolipops.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
@PeckPolitics how many times can you SET COWS BE MILKED OF YOUR DIGNITARY DESTROY YOUR OWN COUNTRY4 A TRAITOR.
if he's elected he will give U a million excuses on Y he couldn't keep them out #LIAR #research #vote & then there were 12
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
only President you'll ever be, is of your failing Trump Organization. Enjoy!!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
You can't even protect GOP campaign office in NC. Tax returns coward.
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 

You are speaking of an ethnic cleansing, I take.  Who needs to fear foreign Terrorists, if we have you?
You are mixing metaphors. Ask Kellyanne to explain.
#DrainTheSwamp will solve many problems. Vote Trump for real change, not Obama change!
.#Trump doesn't kiss anyone's a$$. Gawd, the ignorance out there. Dang shame. smh @Chi_Den_ @trumpencexual @pourmecoffee
PUTIN SAID IF AMERICA VOTES FOR HILLARY IT'S WAR. IF TRUMP IT'S PEACE
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp 
Maybe more focus on Hispanic Catholic vote and Christian voters will turn the tide!!!
It's not Islamic folks I'm afraid of, it's Americans. Lawnmowers are pretty dangerous too - see chart attached
Really....? If you could (no limits by Congress) you would keep islam out of USA
Great speech let's come together and keep America let's close these boarders #MAGA
How do you intend to do that?
Ty 4coming to Colorado springs!I don't want that Bitch to win I see right the thru her.   you got my vote 100%
like Melania says "When they go low...we blame Billy Bush!"
Arsonist @realDonaldTrump wants to torch our democracy. He will fail.
meanwhile, the DNC continues to register Killary votes from dead Republicans...
.@realDonaldTrump #TheConald is always angry cuz always scared cuz #IgnorantAsFuck https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/oct/18/arabic-billboard-mocks-donald-trumps-fear-of-muslims#img-1 …
Oh nice, looks like the ISIS flag. Good luck w that!!
You need to get out more dude; it's just Arabic writing scaring you. #TrumpTrain #Islamophobia
Haha, looks just like the flag. Sorry if you can't see the obvious. They did it on purpose
it's black and white - like a newspaper. Not even the same font, genius.
Actually, a newspaper in USA has white background and black letters, Einstein.
glad it's my job to assess ISIS propaganda instead of yours; you'd be overwhelmed by menus.
Not sure how as you will be in jail with your buddy for rape. Scares you he has already been convicted doesn't it
yay
What about Standing Rock? These ppl need your help!!! No pipeline through burial grounds, water, or private lands!!!
@realDonaldTrump
big night tomorrow.....make us proud!
nah, i bet she prosecutes Trump
While brave young American men were fighting and dying in Vietnam, you were at home because your FEET HURT 
#UnfitForOffice
.@realDonaldTrump You're so WRONG! #TheConald was busy disrespecting vets and chasing tail.
So you're, in effect, defending that douche & GOP? savage.
You only think that cuz you're ignorant of #Facts. Dare U to open Ur mind & watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIHXhs7rYps …
#FACT http://www.newsweek.com/2016/09/23/donald-trump-foreign-business-deals-national-security-498081.html …
You're a terrible person
Why is that?
Donald Trump is a sexist, a racist, a misogynist, and a fascist.
Really you know him?
Yes
.@realDonaldTrump I Trust Trump to keep us safe from terrorists
only if they are hiding in some of the pussies he grabs.
Well You can pay alot more taxes, because Hillary is raising them 1,2 Trillion
Or you could get informed on reality & stop shaming yourself!! http://fortune.com/2016/10/17/donald-trump-tax-plan-jobs/ …
But this report doesn't account for the taxes imposed on companies
Let's play Cognitive Dissonance Headache!! How do you rationalize these #Facts? Usually I get silence
I'm open to all information without prejudice. I will check it out...
Cool.When done w/ that? Spend 12 mins w/ this guy.I loathe Drumpf & this hit me https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIHXhs7rYps …
and we'll make sure that a bigot, racist and sexual predator like you never become the #POTUS #DrainTheSwamp
dats Y like Trump cz he hs d courage to say spade a spade..bt Democrats love Islamists asses so dey wanna sell US to Saudis

Gitter Done Donald!
hello America. It's not about Trump  it's about America and the American citizens. Hello
nonsense
u not going to be elected Hillary is the next president i already bought my drink for nov 8!
yeah right!
Be quiet Little Boy
I'm really tired of reading all the "Delete your account" posts! Please, just DO IT.

Bloomberg for president
please God. May He help your efforts in our corrupt country. Please keep in message-lose the Media talk. We all know. #MAGA
RIT is here?

stop poisoning the great state of Colorado with your sexual predation and bigotry.
small crowd. You're done.
you never gana be a president believe that
And what will you do to prevent home grown terrorists?
veterans are behind you and the ones in your party that disagree want statuesque
your crowd size does not matter, the numbers dont lie
You will never be the POTUS, period!!! Stop dreaming and go chase after a Horse!!!
This Catholic woman for Trump says F-U #HillaryClinton #HRC #ClintonCorruption #HillaryForPresident #corrupthillary
Yeah? How?
ur not going to be so don't even worry about loser.
Fuck yeah keep'em out dude
what's this your new catch phrase "drain the swamp". Pathetic little man.
What about the 7 million were paying to house each detainee + free medical drugs for aging ? while Vets die.
Yes, because everyone knows that terrorists want to bomb Colorado. Too bad everyone here in NYC is voting for Clinton.
You will keep them out, Hillary will invite them in, 50k a year that she has stated are impossible to vet.#Trump2016
what about the hacking Russian bastards? Oh that's right, u can't bring urself to say that "bad russian"
Hillary Clinton is the Charles MANSON OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY make it look like someone else and DENY EVERYTHING no problem
AND END MARIJUANA LEGALIZATION
Does your hashtag mean America is a SWAMP?? If you disrespect this country so much, go join your "commie" best bud
what will you do with Syria # Aleppo. Will stop them from killing the children/ ppl
In your dreams
dude your a losing it - your the biggest #twitter #troll ever I'm #jealous
http://www.anonews.co/massive-clinton-voter-fraud-in-new-york-exposed/ …

@seanhannity @EricTrump @TeamTrump @KellyannePolls @rudygiulianiGOP @newtgingrich @JudgeJeanine
You're LYING again Donald.. you have no policies and no support!!
Melania's appearance on all networks to defend you is keeping the story alive. Stop this nonsense. She is being used!
yes Colorado, elect Trump and no more legal pot! #NoMoreWeed
well that's not hard since we don't have any threats

@jacobwe @TrashyChic @realDonaldTrump, you are a boil on the ass of America, about to be lanced by Dr. Clinton.
GREAT SPEECH SIR! CAUGHT A BIT ON TV. AT DEBATE..TRY NOT TO MAKE FACES WHEN SHE TALKS  IT DOESN'T PLAY WELL. I PRAY 4-YOU!
attendance looks pretty slim.
thank you! You have my vote!
if if if if if if
Women unite to take him down really unfit to be our President let our voices be heard
deplorables and PERVERTS meeting
quit being such a #whinylittlebitch
.  BIG..... LOSER
What will you do to keep radical right wing Christian terrorists our of our country?

She probably wanted to vomit after being destroyed in front of 60M people. #DrainTheSwamp
when did that happen?
Last Sunday. She had ZERO memorable moments. Zero good arguments. She got scolded! LOL!
yeah, she probably should have denied doing things that are on record and yelled at trump like a lunatic
Whatever, it was the best debate ever. The highlights are great you should look up the one with airhorn added in
Like when Trump didn't stay on topic? Or when he spoke out of turn? You know, follow protocol. #child
Pretty much the entire debate is what I'm talking about. Best part: "because you'd be in jail" #Rekt
stay strong!  Women do believe in your presidency.
, gotta have a i.d. for fishing,driving,beer,tabacco, the gym...but not for voting? Illegals are illegal that's the PROB!
yes! By destroying and bankrupting the USA
And much more Mr Trump . Thank you .
you should bring obamas half brother to one of your rallies and ask him if he feels comfortable.

Leaders lead! America needs a leader NOW!!! GO Donald GO!!! America 1st!!!
Your jet landed here a few hours ago, WELCOME TO LAS VEGAS Mr. Trump!  We love you, are praying for you and Mr. Pence!
Just keep URSELF OUT!  Trumpster...the stalker..
Make American Great Again 
LOL #SupportsAltRight
#FuckYou
We dont need to hear about your catheter Donald.  Just accept FACT you suck.  Many many people say so. Believe me.
and what about the white Christian terrorist KKK? You going to give them a badge and arm them? Your Brain must have worms!
Just by yourself ??
....so you say you and your family is going to move. cool!!
There'll be a Trump steak on every plate and a unicorn in every yard!
she had a server offline maybe they knew there were only 4 soldiers protecting the embassy and knew Sen Stevens was there
home grown so far, unless you plan to take out the Internet?
eres un racista pero igualmente felicidades por el genia mitin @llimoo
@justonepatriot help foval hide from hitmen +fbi. doa key2top

it's here. I hate ISIS as much as any American but you can't keep an idea out of a country with this much internet access.
#DrainTheSwamp
yeah - except the one you invited to the 3rd debate.  You are such a liar.
Oh, just a tip: Barack Obama's half-brother has nothing to do with the DNC's nominee for President.
Go away Donald your done. Hahahaha losing to a girl must hurt!!
YOU SUCK!
How can someone sell out their own Country like CH with her emails & still be running for President?
How?
Y’all Qaeda and radicalized Christian American Taliban are more than welcome. They are my Brownshirts.
clone wants to be a president I don't think so .
but how do we keep you out of our country?
wear a red white and blue tie tonight. Interrupt the 2 with wiki facts. Since no other news has. Go for the knockout.
But we all know that voters seem much more likely to be victims of sexual assault than of Islamic terrorists
will you protect us from your crazed minions that are flashing guns and threatening those who disagree with you?
yeah just like your businesses promises promises
CH & BO cant even identify the enemy of the US! lIKE THINKING A TIGER IS A HARMLESS ANIMAL---security is at risk!
  
how?
Sir,radical Islam is a threat to humanity,don't just think about America ,think about humankind , history will remember you
You know your campaign is in trouble when the top comments are from Pepe the Twitter bot.
Will Malik Obama help you?
CH-not fit to be Pres. not because she is a woman but because of her ignorance and complacency with pertinent issues!
Nazi Racist
Not "IF" U are President, say "WHEN I AM PRESIDENT"  Let's DO THIS!!!  Proud Deplorable On The TRUMP TRAIN :-)
you won't be
thank you
What about native Indians, will they have to go back to India?
Congratulations...
Hillary's despicable donors to the Clinton Foundation are  Abusers of women and killers of thousands just like the Nazis.
How?
Hillary is a foreign enemy. Accepts bribes from countries that support terrorism. She gets , US people get coffins. Devil!
you're the terrorist. Please leave
BRAVO
