ENCRYPTED N FOLDER @ THE CLOUD PLACE

New tax return: Eric Trump Foundaiton paid $145,145 to Trump businesses in 2016, including golf club, hotel & Mar-a-Lago. 100% of fundraising event money raised went to beneficiaries or event expenses—to the…
Always the victim. Poor little rich boy.
such a caring young man. Future generations will look back on his contributions with...
No you Mook-  you're the wrong answer.
Ur sexy tbh i have a fruit fettish can u be my orange btw in 15 and a girl 
You can donate millions to those children yourself and there's no conflict. Problem solved. Hire me for your cabinet.
wouldn't hire you, your trying to w
He wouldn't hire you because you're trying to spend his money
Then give up the office of POTUS.  Problem solved.
Don't forget 65 million folks that voted for you. We have your back, believe in you, know the Swamp will never pull you in. Keep charging.
Right answer because the Trump family is dishonest & corrupt. This protects St. Jude, their work, & their good name.
Remember this @EricTrumpFdn @EricTrump? http://www.cnn.com/2016/12/23/politics/donald-trump-eric-trump-foundation/index.html … #ChildhoodCancerAwareness @StJude @Forbes @DanAlexander21
The obnoxiousness of the Trump Family the downright obnoxiousness is what I think we are all exhausted with quite frankly-
You mad bro because you can't skim anymore?
The sign of a sick society.
No, tis you who must stop ripping people off, including charities. Disgraceful object you are!
I agree with @realDonaldTrump charity work should be exempt from any kind of conflict of interest. Come on America we can do better.
Your presidency is a ridiculous shame.
Lying liars and the lies they tell. Your moronic son said Dems weren't real people .. so then the children you raise the money for???
Don't worry Donnie Two-Scoops, the Clinton Fdn can pick up the slack.
And you, donald, profited from kids with cancer. That is a ridiculous shame.
I love Donald  Joyce
This is just pathetic... the people who hate Trump will stop at nothing, even sacrifice very sick and dying children.
this tweet made me feel disgusted over some of the stupid regulations that we are required to follow.
You didn't think it was ridiculous to shut down The Clinton Foundation which helped MILLIONS of people. #HYPOCRITE
Name some hat was helped by Clinton foundation pleas
Your sons Uday and Qusay, you mean? And may they meet appropriate fates, just as the dictator Saddam and his boys did.
The biggest shame, ever, in the history of the United States.
You're presidency is a ridiculous shame, yes! What you did to the American people....you'll be the most hated president in American history
Actually, thank god someone other than YOU has ideals of what is WRONG #youorangecheeto
@JodiSco01619918 you
make them prove the conflict of lnterest, I see none
yes. it is
that's the real America I've known.
Make share the Clinton Foundation and Clinton's go down. Prosecute.
this is wrong!  Why should he not be able to do this, he is not an elected official!  it isn't new thing
Big Shame-WHAT A "BIG SACRIFICE" X FAMILY GOT 2 GO THROUGH JUST BECAUSE X FATHER IS A PRESIDENT "WHO PUTS X COUNTRY 1ST."
YES THIS IS A TRAVESTY  WE SEE HOW COMMITTED ERIC IS TO ST JUDE'S  PRAYING FOR AN ANSWER
This is not right. It's a good cause... he should be able to help these children in his own capacity.
thats a shamewhy would it bewhat u said he can do what he likes also im with you also mr donald vet my self
It is shame We patriots must stop the globalist. and their plan to destroy everything good in America.
Presidency not dictatorship.
That's lousey!  He probably does it without telling people because it comes from his heart.
Let Conway tweet or state this
She can bark it off sweetly
he can bring them a dead tiger
Okay
2% or chocolate milk. You should jump in that one.
Donald Trump is one of the best President of the United States
Be accountable only to the people of America  dear donald
yup only the millions of people with cancer who are protected by the ACA will have to die without coverage. #hipocrocy
.@realDonaldTrump In order to win trust now that the elections been won, 
I'm causing conflicts of interest by hiring my son.
instead of raising money why doesn't he just give some of the money he already has or is he to good to give his money
Clarity issue here: what do you mean by "wrong answer"? You don't seem to be referring to any particular question. Sloppy.
makes no sense, he is not going to be the President. Also, it never stopped Clintons charity with Bill as POTUS. Sick&sad
Absolutely this is wrong in every sense of the word.  St. Jude Children's Hospital NEEDS these donations!  So sad :-(
@TxTrumpMom So what is Trump going to do for you? What is his educational platform?
Hell yes!!!!! Stand up to these monsters and show them that this is unacceptable!!!!
Hello Mr.President :)
Should have thought about conflicts before you ran.
To show how important these lives TRULY are to you, may I suggest denouncing your presidency?

sorry people are willfully ignorant 
This really angers me...Love and prayers for your family
What a shame Eric finds it so difficult to actually donate his own money. Good news-it's not too late to start!
ur show was the last I rating,!!! Hahah bachelor won the night rating!! That is very low awsumme!
You are a ridiculous shame.
Your son doesn't know what love is. He just wants them healthy so he can suck their life essence out.
aww u do so much good for so many __ROTFLMAO!
He doesn't have to stop everything. Just the part where he sells you. Wrong. So wrong.
Bullshit and you know it.
yes, your presidency is a shame.
@EricTrumpFdn We are praying for you and your foundation. God can change things
No. No, it's not a shame. What's strange is you don't even like him, and you don't recognize the responsibilities of a president.
that is a reel disaster we raise money for the poor kids in SA and therefor love to help the poor I love them its conecting
Its because he's pocketed all other donations. Do you really want to open up that box? You have robbed cancer charities.
@EricTrumpFdn @carlie_orsini @KidRock @KalinaBoulter @RykerRoman @JudgeJeanine @seanhannity @brothersnarmsUS
with all the money he raised if only there was a cure ....
i don't see u sending kids to your university for free!. Show me one person who made millions from your cons
u don't love kids. U love money. Other people's money. You won't live forever. People will remember your lies and B.S.
this is the most ridiculous thing I ever heard of....#AmericaFirst  why????
He can pick it up in 4 years if you like
But it was a problem when it was about the Clinton Foundation raising money to provide AIDS medication to 9 million people.
,Happy  New Year I know you'll do great as the pres....
yes, it's absurd that the son of the president must avoid potentially problematic financial entanglements. Double-plus-sad!
ur wife can though!  As a 1st lady surely she will have many charities to help!
yeah he loves them so much he steals money and gives it to you and your business wtf dude
Maybe if the foundation had done more than buy flattering pictures of you, it would be different
DNC DONT CARE ABOUT THOSE KIDS ONLY MONEY IN THEIR POCKETS LOBBIST CROOKS I donate but can't match U lol St Jude my passion
http://www.learnprogress.org/trump-paying-1-per-hour/ …
I'm sure there are other ways to help that are legal.
No, he needs to stop working for your future administration. I encourage him to do that and continue working for charities.
SO YOU SAY
Really
your the best thing to happen to american politics since kennedy ignore obama sore losers
if only Eric had a giant bank account he could use to write a check instead...
Always the victim, Donald.  Was voluntary shut down!!
Since he kept it all, anyway, thus allowing children with cancer to die without that help--I don't think it will matter.
@EricTrumpFdn QUESTION, Why was it ok fir the Clinton Fdn to continue to operate while she was SecOfState???? I say BS!!!!!
@EricTrumpFdn Hire me to do it for him.
you could always step down.
As if you REALLY care. You're not King, you're supposed to be President, but even then, you don't DESERVE IT.
it's disgusting!
unpresidented

seems to me you're butthurt cuz your "wonderful" son can't funnel money into your tiny greedy hands anymore.
Like father like son. http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/ap-eric-trump-foundation-flouts-charity-standards-44361388 …
Why did you run then? Looks like you cared more about being POTUS than children with cancer. #Hmm #Priorities
... with my administration, so Eric and donors please give directly to cancer charities for now! All for the best! /3
but I know the ethics rules are there for a reason and I don't want any appearance of donors buying influence... /2
Disappointing that my wonderful son Eric must stop raising $ for kids with cancer, /1
Twitter president elect !!! Just stay off twitter a bit. Annoying
its WRONG!Your son has done NO WRONG!please try to turn this around,these kiddos need all help out there!
Why does he have to stop? He isn't prez you will be. Such a shame.
Kind of like how you accused Mrs. Clinton of using her foundation for political gains?
doesn't he know how to delegate fundraising for a charity?
It's in the entire country's best interest, including children with cancer, that Eric has no conflicts of interest.
write a check, mr. moneybags.
You are America's shame.
"my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame?" YES!
Phooey. Conflict of interest is real. And there probably is that in this case. You can't get everything you want in the USA
Well tell him to write a cheque instead of using other people's $$$. Won't do it will he...
You only have yourself to blame for that one
Sorry Donald, it's a conflict of interest.  You know, the "Pay to Play" crap you promised to put an end to?
Why wrong answer? Are you and your family above the law?
not a shame, because you should be AVOIDING all appearances of conflict of interest! No one trusts you!
:And his con't work for children should never be questioned. Those who have done illegal will look for him to do illegal.
There must be some way to fix it so that he doesn't have to stop. Just isn't right. It doesn't sound logical.
So you're saying your presidency has already cost one American his job. #TrumpLiesAbout jobs.
if you care about these children you should decline to be president. Let someone who knows what they're doing take over.
Hey orange face. Don't put him in your administration and there won't be a conflict.
prove it
.it would be okay if they saw the money,but they didnt
... that's ridiculous. Why should you have to sell off everything you worked for your whole life. That's BS.
I agree! I hated when the media said the only way for you to not have conflicts is to completely liquidate your assists. ..
it might be your presidency, but this is OUR country.  Don't you ever forget that.
that Tweet cld stand alone if you delete everything after "He Loves..."
why don't you resign?  Problem solved
You wanted to be our President, you nailed HRC for the same thing.  Whether intent is good or not, paying for access, NO.
please don't let that happen
Follow the laws of the constitution. Not a shame.
You could step down from the presidency
Is the son who murders innocent giraffes and elephants?
Is it acceptable for him to speak at events & rather than be paid to speak like HRC they could donate money to children
to you and your family to make it look like you are giving but now it's time for your family to actually give their own 
no one is stopping you or your family to give your so called millions to the kids. I know your use to others giving money
If he cares about the kids he can write a check. Wait, that would mean using his own money instead of peddling influence...
stop lining your pockets with donations for underprivileged children, you incredible letch!
Like when the Clintons lined their pockets with money meant for Haiti relief?
read some real facts
Just because you don't believe it doesn't mean it's not factual.
LOL... Reminder to yourself
isn't Eric's past time slaughtering defenseless endangered animals? There's a winner for you.
change things
So, tell them to donate to St. Jude's. Better organization. 
http://bit.ly/2ismHOR 
.@realDonaldTrump This is an atrocity!  No good deed goes unpunished?  Eric has raised tens of millions of $$ for #StJudes..
This is this is dishonest and you know it. Your son can raise as much as he wants for cancer kids, just can't pimp u out.
once again, prove it!  So, he can't give of his own??
You can do an 'executive order' or create a law/loophole for this to continue!  It's a beautiful gift to many who need it.
NYC supports Eric's charity walks. Your family does much for NYC. Those NYCers who can't see that are blind & stubborn.
he loves only money and notoriety and himself. Just like daddy.
@datrumpnation1 wrong just wrong.....let's see who will step up
Yes. You and the word 'presidency' near each other IS a ridiculous shame. 
