trump ahead 4 points ..la times poll just released.#TrumpPence16
What's the matter Hillary it was ok for the women to go after Trump!!! I guess you don't like how it feels
It's over Mr.Trump, give up.
you dream
desperate much?
#WomenWhoVoteTrump .
__________...
That means votes for Trump can be corrected. If you've voted for this sexual predator, change it.
what about Bill Clinton,Raping all those women???
Bill is not running. Trump is. And he's active.
no he's not active
He's still grabbing women. his fraud trial starts this month, his rape case in Dec. Wait for the tax fraud.
With the Cosby case, no one came out till someone did, and then everyone just happened to come out saying they were raped? It mostly bs
It takes a lot to come forward. It takes 1 brave victim to reassure others. They speak truth.
-these people are lying for money or to slander a name, it's important that the real victims-

change your vote America. Can't have an indicted, drunk, & drugged POTUS. Let's wrap this up. #VoteTrumpPence16 #MAGA3X

you're a liar. You can't change your vote

LOL I LOVE THIS POST! GO TRUMP!
You tell 'em kid
I voted for you in Pennsylvania
That's sad to hear.
Trump's msg for voters in certain states who've cast a ballot for Hillary & r feeling buyer’s remorse: It’s not too late @realDonaldTrump
trump's surrounded by psychos 2 include his F'd up kids, staff, followers! But they disappear in 6 days, except DTs trials
once again president out their campaigning instead of working for Americans this democrat spin is bogus.
Have a great day in Central Florida, Sir Trump. Hispanos and Independents support you here.
GO Trump GO
pls destroy crooked Hillary  lock  her up!the whole planet  is petrified a criminal like her could be POTUS
wow really moved by Andrew L of Dow Chemical words and appointment #brilliant !!!
MSNBC c Matthews has NO emphasis on real events. Amazing day!!!Take high road challenge them to cover anything positive .
you are killing our democracy
"People are voting for someone I don't like" "DEMOCRACY IS BEING HIJACKED!!!1" oh fuck off
Is it too late to change my vote?
Too bad we can't change it back now.
.@realDonaldTrump Trump's heart is shrouded in hate and his head wreathed in flame. My perfect Angel of Doom.
Trump is for law and order . Is that too much for you anarchists ?
Trump is a narcissistic pathological liar with no self-control who wants to play with nukes.
and Hillary is a murder, money launderer & child trafficker.My card TRUMPS yours.
You're not playing with a full deck.
Lol... I rebuke you in the name of JESUS.  ONE with God is a majority. Enough said
I suggest you save your sanctimonious rebukes for Dirty Don.
far from sanctimonious!! 
Believe me.. I just believe country needs God again.
@DebAlwaystrump Has this been verified?
You told em.
thought I reached you but I think was a false profile. Hoping you'll help me reunite with my wife in ililo city Philippines
fuck you die
You must lack the mental capacity to realize what you're saying to say that. Yet again we are on earth so this is normal
change your vote to HRC, she isn't Putin's Puppet!
she is the middle east puppet. She accepted millions and it's all documented. Traitor.
Trump is rigged.
Clinton is owned by Rick Soros
You are owned by Rick Soros...
ugh..lame comment
It was proportional.
it was lame. Very lame
good morning!
change your vote to HRC! She won't be going to court for Fraud,  Racketeering or CHILD RAPE!
what?   Wow, you're a real dummy aren't you?
Fraud and Racketeering court date Nov 28.  Child rape court date Dec 16.
it's all smear. Frivolous. More wool from HRC.  Pay attention, sweetheart. Your strings are being pulled.
Sweetheart? Your misogyny is showing. This is a woman who was raped by Trump as a child. His co-defendant was already convicted
why does that mean I'm misogynistic?... Yet more man-bashing going on.  You're just making assumptions, deer.
You called me a dummy.   Then you regard me, a complete stranger as "sweetheart" ...that is misogyny!  And finally - a wild animal??
I think you're confused, pumpkin.  You have a great day now, okay?
PLEASE PLEASE ask Lee Greenwood himself to sing his song at your inauguration!!!!!
OH GOD WE WISH WE THAT WHOEVER VOTED FOR TRUMP COULD CHANGE THEIR VOTES NOW
Smart people would have voted for Trump from the beginning and not need to change their vote !!!!!
you were a BIG MISTAKE #NotMyPresident

The KKK just formally endorsed @realDonaldTrump, citing their shared values. Consider that when you vote on Nov 8.
Electoral college you can now change your vote on December 19th now you see crooked Trump is a big mistake.
Well done

trump has known the mob for years is he comes into power he will be pushing drugs and money bribes all over america
you just described HRC. The most corrupt politician in history.
he's been seen with the mob for years he has big ties with them and it's been proven. Corrupt.
HRC is two faced liar. It's all in black and white print from her emails hacked by wikileaks.
Good luck with that, you can use that ugly shirt to dust with
Change your vote to HRC! She isn't wanted in Mexico for tax evasion and Brazil for criminal investigation.
no she just have 5 FBI investigations against her !!!
change your vote to HRC. We all know Trump isn't a Republican or Conservative.
we know Clinton is plain corrupt
you're drunk Don. Go back to bed.
During the last debate 1000s of people saw the evidence Trump was using cocaine.He smokes cigars he makes.
What are the other two states? I have MN, PA.WI and MI.
I'm happy with my vote for Trump/Pence ticket
Change your vote after vote already cast?? Sorry kiddies, no do-overs. Trump doesn't know his ass from a hole in the ground
yeah........no.
nobody can do that, you are very ill-informed!!
someone needs to list these states..
hope your wishes come true and your deplorables change for Hillary.  Haha give me hope
Absolutely!  Hillary's "Let's move forward" would be the worst disaster ever seen in America.
I would like to see ONE sincere caring interaction between you and the public ... do you have any? Hillary has many
anyone dumb enough to vote Trump can change their mind IF IF they woke up!
ty for fighting the entire swamp for us  please finish with big TRUMP. Let them stay in the gutter no one closes better t u
Vote TRUMP NOW!
there won't be any need for that..."crooked Hillary" much better, "more human" than saintly Trump! Imwithher.
You on November 9th
I voted correctly (for you) the first time!!!
.@realDonaldTrump CONALD UNDER INVESTIGATION FOR ROUTINELY DESTROYING COURT ORDERED DOCUMENTS! #CROOKED
USPS is accepting absentee ballot in Florida with no postage first time ever.
won't be changing my vote. Obviously you're losing since you're encouraging people to change their vote. #pathetic
Saying stupid desperate stuff again, REALLY? You and your poisonous friends around you have really bad ideas.
America is already great idiot
no.
This may be chancy in places like Chicago if Dems learn how to turn GOP votes.
Why do some of you still want to vote the corruption ticket?  Study countries with corrupt regimes. Citizens don't count.
@dlh0404 you don't even know what is in the recent emails. I HOPE YOU ARE NEVER ON A JURY.
again you lie no you can't
please change your vote and vote Trump!
The only mistake is voting for a White supremacist, sexual deviant, and someone who couldn't utter the truth if he tried.
we want a crooked,lying woman to ruin our first female president and tarnish the USA
Which states?
you are the master of evil, hate and sexual abuse of women
#HeartlessHillary and #RapistBill would allow terrorists to conquer us but #TrumPence16 would stand up and fight with us!
no thanks RAPISTS!
Never. Good luck with TrumpTV though! #ImWithHer
we can make it great by you being gone!
#GrabYourWallet 4 Black Friday,lets tell them how we feel abt @IvankaTrump surrogacy of her dad's sexual asslt agsnt women
Go Donald Go..
hmmmm just some of the reasons i welcome ur haters into my wonderful country of canada!! more like make america HATE again!
what a lie!!!! You can not
you are a hero to the American people! I think you'll make America the greatest country on earth! From the UK, good luck.
Voting for tronald dump would be the mistake. Corporate baboons like him need to LOSE power, not gain more!
YOU WOULD BE THE MISTAKE. @HillaryClinton will be the next President. Not YOU clown!!!!
vote for DJT MAKE America  HATE again
Goes both ways!
@MA4_Trump does Massachusetts need to get this out to its voters. Name the 6 states....
All 25 family members in 5 states voted for Hillary. We're not changing our vote to Donald Von Clownstick!

which states?

THE ART OF THE DESL IS REAL...Donald please reach out to Gary Johnson...get his support by committing to some of his ideas.
Me and my buddy here are gonna vote for ya. We love ya, AND we're Mormons!!!!!
come on America change your vote
#FuckFaceVonClownStick
just voted today!!!  Love u Trump!!!
damn, things that desperate that you have to target voters who have already voted? Sorry I'm still with her.
#VOTEBLUE
Sir, majority foreigners thinking that if u come there may be problem to their jobs and H1B. Give a strong hope to them, sure u will win
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dec_Yt2yns8 … Don the Con #nevertrump
voted 
Please support the 10th Amendment and tell Mike_Pence to stop pushing for Federal ban on states' poker websites!
Our America has been great nation, idiot!
what you mean is MAKE RUSSIA GREAT, right tavarish?
Ain't nobody changin' their vote to you, #DumbDonald
stop lying!!
to late in MINN., wisc- by Friday. Michigan- must right a letter. Your ppl aren't that smart.
Any American stupid enough to vote for Hillary Clinton isn't smart enough to change their vote!
28% of the registered Republican voters in Florida Voted for the sane candidate. Careful what you Don the rapist Con.
NEVER! You symbolize everything wrong with our country...selfishness and greed.
@foxandfriends spoke w/5 voters, 3 undecideds wanted to hear MORE specific info from candidates about issues facing America
@burockOdrama
You can't change a vote
Don't say dumb things Donald!  This is not your relationships where buyer remorse comes in to play.  This is important!
Please support online poker legislation.thanks.
Talk about desperate! SAD
How can anyone vote for Hillary, a key figure in 4 FBI investigations?
Never you Misset
MAGA...vote  anyone but Trump...liar cheat...bigot ...racist...tax didger...true american. NOT.
it was already great
already voted for the RIGHT Candidate not to a politician
don't make America BROKE again vote HRC

#voters change your vote to Trump in six states #draintheswamp #sendhillarypacking #pardon #obama #scam #fbi @wikileaks
scrub
Why are you hiding your tax returns? Are you broke? Did you lie about contributing to charities?

no
Hillary is probably changing people's votes for them! #HONESTAMERICA #TRUMP2016
estas tan perdido que das pena
@123onlytrump I don't think you will have to worry about that after papers are filed against Clintons. #DrainingTheSwamp
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that voting for trump was a big mistake, change your vote!
change your vote to Hillary! Trump will soon be in jail for a rape of a young 13 year old, impeached! Many lawsuits 4,900!
Comey will bring Weiner&Abedin B4 Congress to validate that it was their device & Abedin used it working 4.@HilaryClinton
Stop it Drumpf
America do you really want 4 YEARS OF HILLARY CORRUPTION/NO JOBS, WEAK MIL & ECON, TAX INCREASE/POROUS BORDERS. NOT GOOD!!
You are desperate!!!!
haha sounds like you are pretty sure no one voted for you in the first place!!  Sick
If your elected I sure will buddy.  I sure will.  El Chapo looking for you!
stop talking
hell No!!  Go Hillary!!!   Crooked Trump!!! Pervert!!!
The only thing that needs to change is you. GET OFF the ballot. You are an embarrassment.
No vote change needed here, only change needed is draining the corrupt swamp ! VOTE TRUMP, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 
b.s. you will screw Americans.
BUT: I wonder if both the early & later votes get counted? Way things are going I wouldn't bet against it.
I'll change my vote to throw your traitorous ass in prison!  #ImWithHer #trumpisataxevader #MAGA
you cannot change your vote
in some states you can so educate yourself!
quit raping children you cheeto
Changed mine from you to her.  :)
Im going to vote for you mr President
really, you can't http://ln.is/www.politicususa.com/Zut5z …
Ma to care
