
Until they disagree with you.
my god man. your like a five year old. Unbelievable and terrifying
Stop tweeting!
what's with the capital letters man?
Did you tweet about how expensive they were right after that?
I retweet everything Trump tweets. Unfollow him and follow me instead. He would hate that.
@C_T_R_R_C too bad they can't say the same about you!
Well that's so INTERESTING. We're all so glad you SHARED that fascinating piece of INFORMATION. #MoronInChief
stick with the Way You Are do not back slide that's how we want you thank you
Wow, can you imagine a more take charge President? He's is sincere, take charge and going to all the right issues.
Veterans always get screwed!  Maybe in 2030 change will come not in 2016 for veterans.
Did they speak slowly, not use bigly word? Did they draw pictures of the world and review the continents. Baby steps.
Better than grabbing women's PRIVATES, I suppose.
"The healthiest candidate ever" sure does eat a lot of fast food!
And the top troll for Trump must sit and just wait for his post to pop up.  Find something with more value
of course, they are generals and admirals. They have worked hard for decades. Are you that easily impressed?

that actually really clever also scary
They would probably make much more capable Presidents than you ever will.
- Winning!  Dollar saved is better than the previous Bum.

is it difficult to hold a toothbrush with tiny hands?
But did you show your tax returns to the American public today?.
so when you're President are you gonna capitalize "PRESIDENT" to make yourself seem bigger and more self-important
YES HE EARNED IT  MAGA
1 of them will make a better precident then you will ever ever you got that
oh yeah? Cool story bro, meet any COMMODORES? Regular SEAMEN?
Did they let you try on their hats?
Ur a sad individual 

#GetALife
#hilLIARy lost THREE TIMES
Bad candidate, no platform, lazy campaign. Crooked Hillary.
BEST TWIT OF THE NIGHT!! AMEN
Of course they're impressive, they earned their rank, unlike you.
grow up snowflake
Any idea when Lord Cheeto is going to stop whining about the popular vote?
"my diaper stinks"
Did you talk to those brave men and women about how you dodged the draft when it was your turn to serve (5 deferments!!!)?
if you hate hillary, youll really hate trump.  he is part of the plan.  going to be the BIGGEST i told you so ever!
No one is more impressive than the God Emperor!
Drain the swamp.  What happened to that plan?
set up a BLIND TRUST and release YOUR TAXES!!
Thank God Trump is the president with this fucked up world. Government and media have declared war on regular people.
I'm so HAPPY for YOU.
BUILD THAT WALL!!
As he stated, the wall will go very far down into the ground as well.
when the wall is pure fiction, you can make it do whatever you want!
The wall is real...it will be built by Mexicans
but are they as unpresidented as you
"unpresidented"..? Probably better learn to spell those $5 words if you're to use them....genius.

not until Jan 20th nice try
you are a impertinent president in China Taiwan problem!
Donald Trump------won 2600 counties

Hillary Clinton won 500 counties

Information http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8049546/1/#new …
The counties that were not as populated. HRC won 3 million more people...http://www.snopes.com/trump-won-3084-of-3141-counties-clinton-won-57/ …
Hillary Clinton got most of her votes in one state

California

But Trump won 30 states
Did you tell them about the bone spur that kept you from serving?
http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/article/2015/jul/21/was-trump-draft-dodger/ …
Trump broke no draft laws&did the same as millions of young men who did not know if they would be called.
HowOldWereUIn 1965? If U weren't born-thenUKnowNothingAboutIt-goodMenWereRejected4SwellingAnkles
Yeah they are usually pretty smart people.
Flynn. Except for Flynn.
and tkdmike, you are a terrorist.

I thought you knew more than the generals...?
I do know more than the generals but sometimes they know something I don't

hey I got one of those too lol
im actually an independent. Thanks for the post though 
love u
i have no beef with you or anyone who voted for trump. My love and concern is for our country
Did you tell them how you knew more about their jobs than them?
Really? Because I think I've heard "I know more about ISIS than the generals" somewhere before
"Mad Dog" - there's a name to inspire confidence.
I hope you're right.
Trump couldn't even have an intelligent conversation with a bottle of Ketchup.
So happy to see a real person in the White House ever! Take care of business President Trump.

He says “airplane” like he’s a fucking TODDLER. Also, as Commander in Chief, is he surprised that he gets to meet GENERALS and ADMIRALS?
.@realDonaldTrump Sweetie, you're sounding less like the commander in chief and more like you went on a school trip.
Bess you need a life. Get one.

One must commit a crime b4 that can happen. Bet u didn't say that about Killary?
these people make up for their lack of knowledge with petty insults. They cant have a debate
No, not at all. Yet they think they're the bigger person.
In your words SHUT UP PUPPET!
I won't take you seriously unless you actually say something halfway intelligent
Did u tell them your secret plan to defeat ISIS?
no he keeps it off of msm unlike our current administration who loves telling the world our plans
Can't tell you its a SECRET!
yeah right! I give you less than 1 year in office before you are impeached. KARMA is coming your way
a year is generous.
i was being nice lol
How many times to you have to be proven wrong? You keep losing.
Do you mean (do you??)
Yes, and they all laugh at you behind your back...
You're the master w/Lockheed & Boeing. Jobs sector, you aced it, before taking office. Imagine when you're settled in DC?!
Daddy I have something to show you that's impressive DM me @realDonaldTrump
Nasty
if I hadn't heard that about EVERYONE you've met, I'd be impressed. Maybe some new adjectives? @JoeNBC @seanhannity @maddow
Hmmm... Very impressive people...why? Did they fawn over U? Kiss ur ring? Please explain. Details orangeman, details.
Exactly! WHY are these people so impressive and goddamn "great"?! What a dope!  #orangedick
but wait!!!  Just a few months ago you said the generals were all idiots!!!  Oh, wait, I forgot. You make up your own facts
Crooked Trump is not a good President he going to destroy this country
too bad they can't say the same about you. You are very unimpressive
capitalize anything you want! YOU ARE AWESOME!  Thank you- keep it going!
yeah! Back to playing with trucks and war planes! Yei!
Sooooooo smart, too!
Putin won't like that.
did they advise you to Twitter about nuclear policy? Welcome WWIII!
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/harvard-professors-us-president-barack-obama-grave-concern-donald-trump-mental-stability-a7482586.html?cmpid=facebook-post …
of course they are. you? not so much. thin skinned and touchy. how will you ever make it through to 2020? #loseratwinning
you and the people who voted for you are white supremacists.
Me thinks I see a Lotta sore losers commenting here Obviously obo elect were their 1st So they've never had a comparison 
you cut out a few millions we need a whole lot more cut out
Don't get enthralled with generals like LBJ?  Look what happened to him.Vietnam
every human being is impressive if you compare them to you
thought u wanted to fire those guys
Why do you sound like a teen girl?

"I hope one of 'em calls me! I'd even let one feel my man-boob!"
sounds fun it would have been nice to be in that conversation
With respect, Mr. #Trump I hope that you now realize that they know more than you about military matters.
Did they let you see the cockpit and have a lollipop too? #DontBeDumb #ActLikeAnAdult #TwitterWhore
What's with these ridiculous capitalized words? Who do you think you are - Frank Miller?
We can open the greeting cards later ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0D8E2mmPKWY …
I wanna know how Putin's asshole tasted after you tossed his salad. Did you use a "Made in China" Trump scarf to wipe with?
your polar opposites
I hope if you guys decide to resurrect the F22 prog. you do it soon. I have direction to demil assets.
what you think krooked Donald? We have the best military already!
Twitter is not for you.
Didn't you totally berate this same group of "Very impressive people" during your campaign?
Boeing should not sacrifice nor compromise air force one construction quality. Boeing must sacrifice the profits. Greedy.
did you tell the generals how smart you are and that you're smarter than them oh my.
what's wit the exclamation point are you yelling?
Veterans lash out at Donald Trump after he sends Apprentice contestant to meet with them  https://www.palmerreport.com/news/veterans-lash-out-at-donald-trump-after-he-sends-apprentice-contestant-to-meet-with-them/540/ …
Anyone who can read must be "Very impressive" to your tiny mind.
I feel like I'm reading a 'not particularly bright' 3rd grader's journal.
All of the Generals & Admirals should support correcting records of our troops based on the facts -
and they taught you the difference between an admiral and a general?
I'm glad and proud that you are talking to -- and listening to -- and praising our military men & their leaders.
here comes a tweet about how the Admirals and Generals are "losers" and "not that smart" in 3...2...1...
GENERALS and ADMIRALS and AIRPLANES! It's a little boy's Christmas dream! Actually this is kind of cute, @realDonaldTrump 
Everything is GREAT for you, maybe you should try to improve your toddler like vocabulary? Read the Constituion?
 You are going to be the greatest President the United States has ever had. Trump supporters need to stand together !
And if we ALL CAPS stuff, it might sound even MORE imPORtant. Oh yeah, and add an exclamation point as well!
I was working on the C-17 Boeing aircraft you think there's a possibility that we can start the C-17 b Aircraft
- You inferred they were stupid a few months ago!!!  Which one was the LIE???
Explain to them why you haven't supported them financially in 20 years by paying taxes like actual patriots.
Army?
you said all the generals were rubble. That you were smarter than all the generals put together. Bi-polar ?
yes sir you are an inspiration
so you were the odd man in the room??
Doing your homework.Good to know.I didn't  catch this on the news.I know F35&F18 SuperHornet are not comparable& now you do
yea trump maybe you spoke before you knew anything about it.SO WHY DONT YOU START THINKING BEFORE YOUR LYING MOUTH YOU HAVE
and stop capitalizing the things you think make you important.
wow you know something, congrats
The next step, the psychological cage... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9p9ArpRcvjg …
you do not have to win 100% of the vote just 1005 OF THE OFFICE OF PRESIDENCY
Respect the Military. Heroes and Warriors.
Could anounce that hes found the cure for cancer and narrow minded hatefilled people would ignore it &  attack him
DT is illiterate and uniformed. This is the reason he doesn't talk to reporters. Fucks up every time he opens his mouth.
God bless the military industrial complex #Mothercourage
Did you tell them we know more about the armed services than they do?
Too bad you have nothing in common with them, You're not in their class & you know NOTHING about our military @realDonaldTrump
@Jacaranda7549 @NxGenEarthlings There now.Isn't it much better to get this terrific story STRAIGHT from #Trump? #maga #msm
I love Trump! He wants us to feel safe, serene and reassured!
Dream on Baby! #unfit #danger #sociopath #Trump #MentalDisorder
Fact! #Trump is less #Popular with Americans
Let's wait & see my man! #FuturewillTell
You are disgusting and you make me sick!
Are you serious?? GTFOH with your dictatorship!! #NotMyPrezEver
ask them if F35 can replace A10 for close air support in the desert?
Is everyone you meet impressive once you realize they can speak on many subjects using their own brains?
Didn't you say the generals were all "losers"?

The adaptation of our actions to the promotion of the general welfare and happiness
why are you capitalizing those words? It makes you look like a middle schooler with an ego problem.
Marine Lt Gen Gary L Thomas, current Deputy Commandant for Programs & Resources should have been present. Marines left out.
any procurement attorneys in the room?
kiss refuse to play at Inauguration!  Paul and Shannon wear the pants in that band !  How about Ace Frehley or Van Halen ?
no fakes allowed, Kid Rock!
I like the Kid bro ! I can't believe KISS would sell us out ! They use to have balls !
seem ur easily 
impressed by many people, u should raise the bar! GREAT should not be a adjective loosely thrown around.
You spelled everything right.
tbought you know more than the generals!
So, basically, anyone who does what you want is impressive, and anyone who exposes you as a buffoon is crooked, right?
GENERALS, ADMIRALS.  Is this the Twitter equivalent of using a different crayon color for those words?
Did you tell the GENERALS that you know more than them? I hope you shared with them your secret about how to defeat ISIS!
you don't even know the meaning of impressive.....give it up #notmypresident
GOOD TO HAVE BUSINESSMAN AS PRESIDENT

PLEASE NOTE
@manoharparrikar
But your still smarter ??  Haaaaa
REALLY GREAT!?  Quite the vocabulary you've accumulated through your many years in business and politics.
is
We're not impressed with ur use of capital letters for generals & admirals. Show off much?
Have some respect for the President Elect. He deserves a chance to teach the Generals a thing or two.
I assume your capitalization is because you expect us to be impressed that you know generals are army and admirals navy.
95 million people are unemployed don't even think about,a way or running over another country and stealing their shit
OH, NOW THEY ARE IMPRESSIVE!!
There is a fine reflection of the general lift of the culture ...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Po2qCCKY_I …
Yeah, because unlike you they are actually qualified for their jobs.

This tweet reads like a five year old wrote an essay about running a country. Oh wait...
WOW!!!! I'm so impressed, you met Generals and Admirals.  Did you inform them that YOU KNOW MORE THEN THEM?You are a LOSER!
Oooh, CAPITALIZED generals and admirals! Those must be vewwy, vewwy important ones! Ooh, that means YOU'RE important! Yay!
Are you still "smarter" than they are?
We need to remove "great" & "impressive" from all dictionaries - they've lost all meaning through your usage. #OppositesDay
GOOD.  You should have done this earlier!  System Capability to meet System Threat Assessment.
BigBoss:A Great Gift to President-elect Donald Trump 
http://jasmine-action.blogspot.com/2016/12/bigboss-great-gift-to-president-elect.html … Given capabilities, bigBoss can give pricing.@realDonaldTrump
shut up
I personally know a 4 star general that thinks you are a bumbling bafoon that's endangering the lives of all Americans.
please accept my apology. I was anti you til seeing you in action. TY for standing your ground
yep they must be since their life experiences n the related fields. Always ask the pro! Great job!
How many Presidents do we have right now, and what is our chain of command?
And you could not be a bigger dick.
you know you don't have to capitalize full words..  right?
Dis they bring their game of Battleship and Risk to explain it to you #Playingwithfire #playingsoldier
