Good, let them die.
How?
“@realDonaldTrump: So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, "poverty and crime way up"....”
HOW?
the Democrats have done nothing for them except bait them for votes and more stuff.
Well, other that cheating the folks that worked for you, what PUBLIC SERVICE can you show for your life?

Only oppression occurring in the US today is that caused by Democrat Party's shackling of black people to ghettos. 
How?  By moving your clothing manufacturing jobs to America?  You could do that today.
Watching Lynne Patton on @FoxNews. So we'll spoken, encouraging and upbeat. Great positive attitude.
needs to: 
Release tax returns
Apologize to the Khan Fam
Apologize to disabled Americans
Apologize to Muslims & Latinos
you didn't mention apologize to all people of color.
how? Show your Taxes
That's not true sir so you know the most educated group in American is Black Women
Like Obama, Lewis thinks about himself and the speeches are BS.  Stay strong President Trump. We the People support you.
democrats, have made so many Americans dependent on Goverment, time to give self respect back! 
Bring jobs home, let's work
Americans don't believe the promise of a racist
absolutely not! And @HillaryClinton is found out.
Hillary is better
She's a better liar. She's a World-class liar!
map looks pretty blue to me
Come Arfican Americans, get off the democrat "Chump Train",  Hillary DNGAF about you, get on the "TRUMP TRAIN".
TRUMP is not BLACK & WHITE, he's about RED & GREEN, getting America out of the RED and putting GREEN back in our pockets.
Jason Chaffetz wants your TAXES & MEDICAL RECORDS.
"You're going to have to open up your kimono and show everything, your tax returns, your medical records." http://politi.co/2bDNrtx 
True.
@rudygiulianiGOP 
We believe in you Mr. Trump. 
you are a big lie know way you win Florida not my state
.@realDonaldTrump just like you "fixed" the availability of all those apartment buildings so black tenants couldn't rent from you?? Promise.
@Ike_Saul @realDonaldTrump
when did you realized this?
when they wrote it out for him...
i agree on that statement.
just like you fix employment for ur companies by manufacturing ties oversea., importing cheap labor from other countries..1
...most of us know better than to drink the koolaid you are serving...2
African American s don't have time for this jive !
Joe Walsh said don't play his music at your rallies!

surrrrrrrrre you will.
You're losing the hillbilly vote by appealing to black people.
really promise? Care to share how you'll do it or will you make it a big surprise for everyone? #cantwait
wait what? Really? I hope my parents know also. I'll alert my family to your observation.
u got sued for denying rentals to African Amer. We the People know who u are. @HillaryClinton @HFA
How, when you just told them you're letting the illegals keep the jobs they could have instead? #tcot #gop #uniteblue
thank you
So cheering that no one will be arrested for the death of freddie gray to being the saviour of blacks, @realDonaldTrump. You're a mad man.
you have zero plans to fix this so silence
the folks in the WH sure hasn't helped and they were in power. Had the power, did nothing!
want jobs? new industries? Law & order in society? fight radicalism? Vote for Trumph
@realDonaldTrump
Source: @BLS_gov
Mr. President, I voted for you but have to tell you that dumping on Sessions in public is really low class. Knock it off
He will probably never stop.
you're so sad and grasping and we (the majority against you) love how you stick your foot in your own mouth daily. Keep it up please!
that's exactly what I'm saying!  I'm doing great. I wonder who informed him he needs minority votes?
are minorities not voters also?
I'm not sure what you're asking Mari? He has pushed minorities away all year, y change now?
ones telling him he needs to appeal to other groups.
true but why does he think anyone will listen now?
maybe he can connect with some and then maybe he won't people are fickle creatures
Marianne it's just too late. He will get a few more but nowhere near enough.
How's that immigration flip-flop working out for you? #TrumpFlops #TrumpBetrayal
Hillary-550% refugee increase. "ISIS Tosses Four More Gay Men from Top of Mosul Building" How's that 4 U?
Trump builds luxury resort in Dubai, which executes gays.
like concentration camps didn't exist? See Muslims throwing gays off building below. Evil!
can't wait to see that 
fix yourself first! there is so much wrong with you. how do you expect to help anyone else.
I am running for US Senate in Florida Mr. Trump. If you want a true ally, I am here. God speed Sir.
Thank you Mr. Young!!! Florida is yuge, especially in this election! @realDonaldTrump
IT DEPENDS ON WHERE YOU ATTEND TO RECEIVE YOUR EDUCATION.
You promise?   Scout's honor?
I bet you can
there are no words to describe the way the rest of the world feels about you, if you get into office this world will suffer
. Mr Trump is this you?
Ridiculous standard. @POTUS #RidiculousTrump
SHAME
And by fix it he means to call out the alt right from their rocks.
we do not trust you. And you are talking to us and you never have or will
but your little hands can only hold so much
where are your tax returns
good luck losing the election #hillary2016
rallying thousands of supporters to the street corners of battleground states,neen,more signs bumperstickers and pins.
why do you bleachbit yoga!!!!!
By supporting racism?
It's ok, I can't relate, but it's alright. I'd kick out babies from my press conference if they had bigger hands than me..
My promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump U. Promised to deport ALL 11M illegals! SAD! @realDonaldTrump
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
You called us thugs,  criminals,  drug dealers, pigs, rapists. Now you want our votes!  SAD!
he doesn't want your vote, he wants white ppl to think he's not the massive racist he actually is
You are right! He is just lying to the media and they are eating his BS like candy. We won't!
@Kimbo_Duhh
that's why he only has 1 percent vote of African American population
Many people are saying you won't release your taxes because they show your donations to the pedophile group NAMBLA.
Sorry, just checked your profile and realised you're a tailgunner. You should worry about your problems first.
I'm betting Joe's a Nambla benefactor. Libtard smokescreen-accuse others when guilty.
"Perhaps I'd be dating her if she wasn't my daughter." - @realDonaldTrump
Nothing wrong with Trump being proud about his daughter...
Blacks gave their vote to Bill Clinton and he gave them 3 STRIKES YOU'RE OUT!  Hillary supported it.Thousands sent to jail.
you are surging among blacks! They are waking up to the democrat plantation
"@realDonaldTrump you are surging among blacks! "
@sweetatertot2 @realDonaldTrump
If you are reaching out to "the black" voters you are going to need longer arms and bigger hands
or that time when W ran against Gore and CNN and NBC called Florida for Gore BEFORE the central time zone cities in FL voted
Says the racist who marked them as "C" for colored on rental applications? No thanks Drumpf!
How's he racist? HRC-taking money from poor countries. Shame!
base your analysis on facts!
I can't believe you think you can fix anything, you hate spreader! Blacks don't want your ignorant so called help! Go Away!
That's bc Republicans like Governor Scott Walker PROMISED to bring JOBS to Minority Communities & RENEGED on his promise. @realDonaldTrump
man shut up! You don't care about black people when you in bed with Putin, Alt-right, the KKK and the white supremacy
how?
Latest nationwide poll#nitwit your losing by 10 points.
You are so funny.
I think you missing a HUGE opportunity with Native American Tribal Communities who also suffer from poverty/alcholhism/drug
Been no leadership, no support systems and no accountability.
you don't care about African-Americans. You are using this conversation to attract suburban women. We're pawns #nevertrump
how sway
.....RIGHT!!!
Never Trump
Pinky promise?
Like your #Creditor #Shareholder #Worker promises? #Proof only in #TrumpPudding & some ingredients are missing. #HalfBaked
the only way the elitists can control them is to keep them down & desperate
how? 
Oh, those pesky details. 
#LoserDonald
You will fix it how? You never provide details or specific plans. You just say you'll bring back the jobs and fix it
you should get yourself fixed maybe castrated you would stop lying all the time. Where do i send your kkk robe & swastikas?
@realDonaldTrump
No, you won't, unless you can change their racial nature.  Their problems are a result of their own innate lack of ability.
Sickening Race-baiting Crooked Hillary points finger while 3 fingers r pointing back @ Her & Clinton Fndation
are you "pivoting" Donny? You figured the white vote is not enough, now you're dumping on your white supporters! How sad
it's hard to fox stuff with such tiny sausage fingers
Talk is like , 1 flush...gone, but the stink lingers. What trail are you leaving? Hummmm,
@KxllShvkk
so he must think we just some bum ass niggas huh? He not gone fix shot no way.
lol he think we some hoodlums  it's funny to me.
meanwhile at trump rallies.....
I don't even wanna hear his name anymore 
Like you fixed  discrimination lawsuits http://fortune.com/2016/06/07/donald-trump-racism-quotes/ … history doesn't rewrite itself eh?
Oh please.  You are so full of shit.  You can't even run your businesses without declaring bankruptcy.
I know you will.  You will be a jobs President.  :)
I believe on you Mr. Trump!!!
Blacks so what does she do, use the Race card but black people are no longer in her squeeze t race baiting won;t get it!
you associate urself w/racists and have already said racist things. Words have meaning
are your fingers crossed?
if you can get ahold of Hillary's $14,000 jacket see if you can auction It Off and feed a few families
please Mr.Trump stay on the message, don't engage Hillary only on the issues..
get this vuy trending https://youtu.be/xryXpK042pQ . Zonation
You do realize that you are NOT gaining black voters by insulting their intelligence, right?
Can we have it in writing with a financial penalty if you don't?
i'm sure if you had your way the entire black race would be working but wouldn't receive a penny for it.
The "Alt Right?"  What the heck is that?
@KristiRobins10
don't talk to us...we don't FW you.
Illegal is illegal. US taxpayers r burdened by non-citizens who COST USA money/jobs> globalist plan. 
#USA1st #DumpAiles
Imagine your hotels do part by hiring them as doormen, bell hops, and cleaners.
WHITE , BLACK, BROWN or YELLOW CITY MAYORS suck the  blood from minority and disadvantage ghettos for their own benefits.
My motto @realDonaldTrump @rudygiulianiGOP Ask me no questions I'll tell you no lies!
I would like to ask #realpeople  have you ever changed your mind on something because you received more info #duhwearehuman
How will you fix?
how r u going to stop killing in Chicago?
Yeah you and Putin will fix things alright
have you ever thought that getting 1% of the black vote might be related to you & the Obama birther movement?
You must be a GOD if you think you ALONE can fix it. How will you do it? Let me guess, you will let us know when elected.
need to give them specifics before they believe you.
How? Specific policy proposals, not vague "trust me" promises. #smallhands #flipflopper #orangeisthenewidiot
@rudygiulianiGOP loser trump!
Got any ideas on that? Or just a promise?
Prove it.  Move some black people into your buildings.
Donald, you have to rip Hillary a new face she is so desperate she calling u kkk when her family and the rest of the Dems
@realDonaldTrump
No one believes your promises, and don't talk down to people of color. You don't live their lives & you're condescending.
to make it pernament
HOW will you fix it?   And HOW will you fix everything else????????
stop lying implode today please still hearing those voices?
How will you fix it? What's the plan? You have to explain.
how would you fix a problem that u had contributed to?
How many African American employees you have?
But, WHY pander to the AA community, when all of middle America and below are hurting?
I only want to hear the promise that you are making to get out of the race and make amends for your racist campaign!!
Dear Blacks, as Donald's brother, I assure you he will fix this! "Peace in da hood" for all negroes! Spread da word people!
Is Winning + Winning = Frustration = Losing ?
your promises are fantasies. What are you hiding in your taxes
https://www.facebook.com/groups/thetrumpparty/permalink/1230250650372238/ …
once again here's Don with a con
I hope the people of color will give Mr. Trump their vote. He will not dissapoint them!
clearly you are doing this to try and sway back white voters who think you are racist; NO black person is fooled by you
.@realDonaldTrump
no u won't u #liar. #hypocrite #LoserDonald #fake
How? You still owe me $50 from the Taj Mahal bankruptcy. Fix that first.
No one talks about that?Bill is responsible for thousands of machete deaths because they withdrew and
Just keep doing what you do....Should be a landslide for her
You were right! Hillary has nothing but race-baiting. Same playbook - Transference    http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/03/15/kkk-grand-dragon-endorses-hillary-clinton-for-president.html …
THAT WILL BE MY JOB...I HAVE MY JESUS LOVE!!! !!!
laughable
-FIX IT, get your MENTAL HEALTH in order first...you're ALL TALK DRUMPF, you're a WIND  BAG..you're a LIAR
how?
@realDonaldTrump
HOW...TELL ME HOW you will fix it.
No. Just no. Please go away. Please.
we need to make points that Hillary is racist, sexist, gay hater and islamaphobe
PREACH IT KING I will forever be a trump supporter!!!!
Bullshit! I don't know why you and you alone think you have the answer to every problem. Trust me u dont
African-American community doesn't need a great white hope savior, NO THANKS!
@realDonaldTrump
sure can bring back jobs that the regulations Obama made go away anger you all working again. American pride. WORK
what is your promise please. I have 1 vote can you make my vote count for you
how?
.@realDonaldTrump #AltRightMeans
Godwin's Law
@realDonaldTrump
Black unemployment is half of what it was at the height of the recession. You lie.
Are these posts fake? Donald is a known pathological liar, I can't tell what's real and what's parody.
It shall never be well with you. What course have you fight for black in your private life?
I'm with her

