Like all things Trump, the only thing that qualifies Mr. Tillerson is his willingness to debase himself and express public admiration for you. In private, of course, we know he thinks you’re an idiot.
This sounds like a child wrote it
You are so wrong don't you ever get tired of being wrong your secretary of state affect your cabinet has the least experience of any cabinet in the history of the Republic
Now we know what you meant by this coment. You were obviously referring to Russia. #Resist #TheResistance
None of his previous experience was diplomatic.  It was deal making,  shady or not with $$$$$ the only desired outcome.  Irrelevant.
Tillerson is my guy… I love what you and he are doing!!!  More power to you!  I don't know the DEM's get you down!
Why all this crap about the Russians. The Dems need to deal with the fact that Hillary was the worst candidate ever.
yeah, because if it was a LEGAL immigrant, this accident would have NEVER happened. #TrumpkinLogic
IF MUSLIMS SEE WHAT THEIR PEOPLE DO THEN WHY NOT STOP THEM FROM KILLING THE INNOCENT.  IF THEY THINK THIS IS WRONG THEN DO
why isn't madona in jail for saying she's had thoughts about blowing the White House up?!? Have her thrown behind bars
What about all of that moslem money that hillary got. Wasn't that to throw the election? The news media is phony
Agreed
Chin up Sir...You r our new President Allelulia.....a long time waiting..FL prays for you as you lead us to a succes tu GB
@debra_bonanno GOOD JOB President TRUMP, I love TILLERSON!
Oh so your daughter gets to sale shoes from the White House?
release dr afia saddiqi for women and humanity and his innocent childrens
please release dr afia saddiqi for women and humanity
And you have vast experience grabbing women by the pussy, sucking Putin off and saying inappropriate things to lil girls.
@RexTillersonHQ wtf?  Ummm no......better back off China mfrs !
It remains to be seen if you and your new admin turn out to be any less murderous than the last. I'm not holding my breath!
@RexTillersonHQ
who is this spy selling to?
https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU58/status/819407706377187328 …
@JustinParranto Intelligence available to public is censored & manipulated & not immune from political biases.
@JustinParranto Loved the way he didn't get pushed into a box by Rubio...conclusions in absence of ALL facts.
@RexTillersonHQ Rex is a highly, highly capable person - really GR8 that you connected with him.. #MAGA !!
@NewportLost that's why you pick the winner
@RexTillersonHQ 
of natural giving. Love.
@RexTillersonHQ 
Be strong. Lets make life wonderful. 
We don't want to play , The whose right game. We want that quality,
Tillerson showed he has more international knowledge than the leftist Twits + Rhino's questioning him.
Tillerson is smarter than all of them combined. Funny they don't understand this.
Tillerson is the diamond among the rock heads!
Limey Shale Rock
@TrumpForVets revolution sets next Friday 1/20/17
He terrifies #OPEC, who have had a stranglehold on our energy sector! No More! #AmericaFirst
@RexTillersonHQ Our gov't could use, indeed, needs more private sector professional involvement. Very impressive gentleman.
GO TRex!!
@RexTillersonHQ and money. Don't forget money.
@RexTillersonHQ by that you mean any government with Oil/Gas?
Lets see how he is going to deal with the war criminal Putin who killed women and children in Syria
@RexTillersonHQ every time we get new VA head they waste billions remodeling , so so dumb
@RexTillersonHQ yes but not happy with ur VA pick Scott Brown would be more public more vocal
I was so impressed!!!
@RexTillersonHQ so does el chapo, Pablo escobar, Dilma Rousseff and the company they all kept. Reload, try again.
And kissing Russia's ass.
@RexTillersonHQ ...especially Russia.  #fixeditforyou
FIX INSIDE JOB 9/11~BANDARBUSH CRIMECABAL~ CUT FUNDING 2 SAUDI QATAR TYRANTS=>ISLAMIC INVASION BY MIGRATION
CRIMEANS VOTED OVERWHELMINGLY 2 REJOIN WITH RUSSIA. FAKE KIEV JUNTA KILLED OWN PEOPLE; WHO FLED 2 RUSSIA
he has an analytical mind which is a needed commodity, far too rare in gov.
Thank you President Elect Donald Trump for giving the American people Mr. Tillerson!
@RexTillersonHQ You have made the right choice for us Boss!!! Thank you!!! MAGA!! Kat
1/11/17: Tillerson's twttr is not confirmed-he doesnt tweet perhaps- I wud like2know where he got burgundy tie from. :-)
@RexTillersonHQ In 1995, Bill Clinton stopped enforcement of Public Charge: Section 212(a)(4) of the INA. Bring it back!
@RexTillersonHQ I'm impressed. This guy is cool, calm, and collected. Great choice!
Rex is the real deal. Rubio came across as a kid in front of him. sad but true
A Putin Nazi like Trump lying to the Congress.  LOCK HIM UP!  LOCK HIM UP!  Lock the TRUMP NAZIS up.
@realDonaldTrump I am so impressed with your choice of Tillerson as I sit here watching his hearing. Solid pick!
yes he is the man ء
Our old time family friend Randy Smith (Former Exxon Mobil) and my family wish Mr Tillerson the best!!!
Haha. With Slovenia too? @ustunkayaasli
@RexTillersonHQ 
@RexTillersonHQ MR.TILLERSON IS A ROCK STAR #MAGA
@RexTillersonHQ  Incompetence of T hearing' American people understand T children been in charge" adults have taken it back
He is inexperienced and unfit for the job. HIs single accomplishment has been greed. Just like Donald.
@RexTillersonHQ #nomoreputinlovers
Today he's dealing very well with hostile home grown entities as well...
What's ur expertise?  Dealing with crooks, thieves, thugs, and mobsters?  Crooked Donald.
@RexTillersonHQ can he fire you Don?
@RexTillersonHQ

INCLUDING IRAN! LOCK HIM UP!!!!!!
I think the thing you like about is his ties with Russia
круто
I do not know him, however if the liberals don't like him my gut tells me you're doing just fine Big D.
Yes, yes, yes.....another Putin lap dog!

and he's besties with your buddy putin.
for his own benefit not ours
Sir he also has a tremendous financial stake in giving Russia free reign in eastern Europe please meet with us about this
2016年12月13日 #公祭日 #泛亚 苦主及云南各金融平台受害人近千人在北京路云南省政府金融办举行大规模维权活动，昆明出动数倍警察和便衣及数十辆中巴警车隔离维权人士禁止摄像和照相… https://twitter.com/JiangNao/status/808624846955347968/video/1 …
HOPEFULLY NEWS TV & NET WILL AIR REX & CHAD & REX & PUTIN NEEDING SANCTIONS LIFTED TO GET THE MOTHER DEAL PUTIN & EXON WANT
HOW MANY RESORTS LOANS LANDS MONIES DOYA GET 4 GETTIN DEALS THRU DON
& THE KIDS?  IVANKA &HER JAPAN DEAL UR FREESTONE STOCK
Hope he is confirmed rapidly.  We don't need any more delays in our government.
@stephenkbannon   KNOW THY ENEMY! @KellyannePolls @mike_pence @newtgingrich @GenFlynn @CLewandowski_ @DonaldJTrumpJr
crooked, corrupt AND authoritarian!!  #DigAbiggerSwamp ! YIPPEE
Make Russia Great Again. There's a lot of money to be made in the new Russia.
Tillerson's works for Exxon and Russia not the US

You are doing well. Keep up the good work.  I know you just starting, and so far so good.
:Ur job= let forgin govts know america will not tollerate bullies,moo extrimist,terrorist&we will keep an eye on world order
Dude, lay off the cocaine. Having the CEO of a transnational corp as head diplomat is classic "pay to play." Ironic, no?
nice job so far
seems you've known him for a month, how much are you gonna get from the 500bn Exxon oil deal when you lift sanctions? Crook
@patbick55 U.S. needs innovation not an old person with old policies
Cool
he deals with foreign governments for his business, not his country.  That is conflict of interest for sure
could you be talking about chi-na, russia, putin maybe.just hope Rex doesn't get between you and Putin.  Love triangle sad
and his personal friends with gladimir Putin
and he is holding on to all your emails and you need to be close to Putin
Attention Trump shoppers:  Influence for sale on aisle 5!
mostly getting sued by them, but w/e
unlike you
Tillerson is a GREAT choice!  #MAGA
so how long before the Exxon / Russian oil deal goes through?  Sad










May God grant you the wisdom to chose the right people for your cabinet, for a succesful leadership.
And Making money - which is what you care about
Are "autocratic" and "corrupt" the only types we care about any more?
Rex may become the best secretary of state in recent years. Unlike the previous two who have only talked all their lives !
I kno you are very http://intelligent.You  picked good military people But you need a diplomatspeak to former presidents for advice
You say you are so smart that you dont need daily CIA Briefings.Your casual approach to NUKES etc is wrong.consult Geo Bush
unlike you!
https://medium.com/the-white-house/why-were-protecting-the-arctic-9a01d9e9e741#.koim5byq9 …
Rex Tillerson seems like a savvy and wiley individual. I think hes gonna do great
@mikesmith8026
That, and he's defied the US government while serving ExxonMobil.
and bending over to your daddy Putin #youretheswamp
and can maintain your bromance with Putin
is this what the first lady is doing is this the example our children should follow please explain
Unlike yourself.
crony capitalism on steroids. How does @StephenBannon and GAI square this circle?

Please sir, Remember Nigeria During Your Time In Office. I Pray You Do So. THANK YOU.
Sooner or later you will be charged with tax fraud and treason for your actions
sad you really expect anyone to buy that 
how soon before your charged with treason
Donnie, the thing I like best about Rex is he's another old white guy.  We need more old white guys in power. #swampfest
and non of it about helping government, all about making himself rich. He'll be part of our new plutocracy.
Sir we need our internet back from the UN
can you say Exxon Valdez?!!
as a VET I beg you not to put a politician or Admiral in charge of VA we need Pete hes been fighting VA
.@usn_lt @realDonaldTrump Pete Hegseth would be GREAT!!
The thing you really like about Rex is that he's in the same bed you're in - Putin's.
Sure...for profit, not for good. I'm wondering if your picks are SO bad because you really ARE just that clueless.
OIL MONEY
especially Russia where he cut a $500 million dollar deal for Exxon right?
he is like con artist ok REX Tillerson that mean son of a teller
supremely qualified. Skillset acquired in murky world of oil trade should transfer nicely to that of US foreign policy.
Successful how? To hurt people? Like what he did in Chad, how did that help anyone but a dictator
He is great at prop
ping up dictators who will sell him their oil and embezzle the money for themselves
Merry Christmas to you and your family!!! GOD BLESS YOU AND THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE!!!  SIR
Especially his & your financial interests in Russia where you will gain even more. Your corruption will be "unpresidented."

so did Hitler
Oh you mean like your boyfriend Putin?
Hahahahaha! Like in ... RUSSIA. Your irony is so great. The best.
you people are some damn fools if you still haven't caught on to the lying mthrf big ass con artist
stop it with your bullshit alrdy this cocksucker is all about helping you elitist including TRUMP continue to get rich
the Biggest Downgrade of all time.
@issac_lacy Excellent choice! 
I like his ties to Russia!  WELL DONE DON THE CON!
a great pick
and he will line your filthy pockets. Republicunt.
Make job in 3-6 months, invest infra is need.
Are you really understand USA n angry-white men? some are true, some are very wrong. very.
Many factory use robot than workers. How to make job? Expel Mexican? illegal Mexican job never make Middle Class in USA.
guess the oil deal with Russia is going through now. No conflict of interest here.
Of all the picks and those pissed because they were  not picked I wonder who will come out as Deep Throat in a year or so
The ones that have oil.
YEAH....DONALD.....VALDIMIR....REX.....A MENAGE TROIS
you like him because  will enable you, like all the others Who have their heads so far up ur behind u will have to stand
http://www.politicususa.com/2016/12/19/trump-wins-electoral-college-unpopular-president-elect-history.html …
yes not bad.however he has no poltical experience we need professional politicians not billionaires that only care money
I hope that Tillerson will cope with the antics of his unqualified & delusional new boss. God help us!
Tillerson's experience with foreign governments is helping them squander and ruin their natural resources for his benefit.
