not even god can help your campaign at this point...you're getting smoked in the polls.
Are you having Aleppo moment or just watching to much Cnn
I mainly watch Fox News but I look at all the polls. Nice meme though.
I'd pay more attention to crowd size this election.
feel free. There's not one poll that shows him getting the 270 delegates he needs to win.
You must watch Cnn 
you must not read previous tweets.
Yup but the media is biased against Trump The Libtards will  say anything and change Nothing
mr piggy
he's fatter than how she was when she gained weight
There is a weight clause in the contract Just like in boxing wrestling modeling and so on
please please talk about  our  borders
yeah


watch YouTube"president Obama says...gotta have them ribss and pusssy too! Spread that!!!!
declare your tax  returns.
happy Thanksgiving congratulations
Joke...
stay away from those children please
Thank you Mr. Trump for standing up for #ProudAmericans. #WeThePeople are with you because we know you care. #MAGA
@GenFlynn @ICLV   Thank you for your support
great day for you
Satan (Frump) was on Christian grounds and it didn't catch fire. WOW
Cheaters accuse you of cheating..liars accuse you of lying. insecure people make you feel insecure..
Here goes #ThatMexicanThing
@realDonald
Trump
You're a terrible person
Christians need to know the danger of another 4 years of the  PC Liberals. Especially Latino Christians
@ICLVwould you read a few versus of the bible for us?
Even churches must put America First versus investing in foreign bible students.
I endorse trump everyone vote for him!!! We need to make America great again!!! #TrumpTrain
#TrumpTrain has been DERAILED by the conductor!!  YAY!
locker room talk will be a lullabye when isis rape women and sell your children when they get accross America's borders.
bring up the fact that Clinton Foundation has received donations from countries that treat women inhumanly
Had the church employed the wisdom of Donald J. Trump, they would own the real estate market.
you know, I can't even stand looking at trump, much less listening to him. Yuck!
I was there
could u imagine if HRC entered a church...it may crumble. She's afraid!
these things just make me laugh just google women Trump accusations and u wouldn't let him in the door or shouldn't
it's on! #TrumpPence16
God Bless America & Donald Trump in fighting this evil onslaught from the real deplorables who hate the US. THE MNM!!
we are praying and voting for you
..Trump Hotel Las Vegas BUSTED Spending $500,000 To Prevent Maids From Unionizing
Harassing people with disabilities -- gosh, where did your supporters learn that trick?
Only fools think this @realDonaldTrump idiot is fit to rule America.

o shut up
You're welcome


Please Stop Retweeting This Shit It Is Anti Trump Bullshit
Anti-Trump used as the leftist Alinsky would against them using rule number 5. You didn't watch it. #MAGA

lookin pretty white in there as usual!
explain where the Haiti donations went.
shut up
Wendy, no one forced you to come to this channel, move along.
die
ha a lot of people died. When they received no funds from the Clinton Haiti fund.
@dembigmouthdems @ICLV if you're going to like the post please retweet it now is the time to come out of the Trump closet
I've been on the Trump Team since day 1
me too, I did have go to the library and change my party so I could vote in the Florida primary.
@Science1Music @ICLV Great
Wonder how "Grab them by the pussy" will go down with the Moral Majority? Not good.
if there is a man here with out sin throw the first Rock.
and  exactly who cares?
TRUMP IS THE ONE WHO BEEN HONEST HE CARES.
HILLARY ISEvil&Desperate
Trump Saves
HILLARYcoversBillRapes&Murders

is the star of "The Deplorable's".
Donald - There's a huge difference raping women with a wife destroying lives covering it up and bad locker style talk
http://www.liberalamerica.org/2016/05/29/trump-supports-slashing-social-security-moral-standpoint/ …
Our CHRISTIAN FIRST LADY wannabe...
LovelyThanks for your presence, Mr. Trump.
@ NevaDUH. Dumb orange anus.
Such a beautiful thing to see! It will be incredible to see our Pres. doing things like this instead of playing golf!

I can smell you from here daddy
THATS VERY BEAUTIFULLY DONE.
God Bless America our Home 
Sweet home . Trump/Pence Get out and
Vote11/08/16...
Please bring back America & our country again. This is our very last chance! God Bless Donald J. Trump for Pres.!
Donald Trump  WE ARE ARE SO SO BLESSED TO HAVE YOU WE LOVE PENCE  AS WELL
love Trump
Yes Mr. President$
Cornell law library, title 18 section 2071 could keep HRC out of office.....MUSTREAD
not bad
GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!
my 18 year old nephew defended you so proudly in his liberal poly sci class.
don't give up. Los Angeles Persian Jews are behind your movement!
please get off twitter till after the election. You are hurting yourself
Jeesh.. That really looks like a frightened bunch of kids...
@RealAlexJones @RogerJStoneJr @DRUDGE @Cernovich @AnnCoulter @seanhannity
Trump should Sing this at his every Rally and Meeting with the crowd It will do wonders to his campaign
wish you could go to all schools. You're a good man.
children was scared
Mr. Trump Dr. Emanuel spoke on Kelly file the way to tweek ach is to greatly raise the penalty on the young to force enroll
Define Christian. "It is better to give than to receive". Trump steels from Trump Foundation, and American taxpayers.
THE FAT CANDIDATE IS IN THE HOUSE; HE EATS HIS SALARY & TAX LOOPHOLES; GO VISIT ROMNEY IN UTAH!
@HillClinton @CNNPolitics Once, again, White party only.
@KatrinaPierson @ICLV except for you waking up.
https://www.facebook.com/David.j.miles.deleon/posts/10207139902356112 …. This would be a great ad
Ask audience who pays HRC, who's her boss, what would boss do if employee destroyed company's IP !!!
THE HELL YOU TOUCH THAT BLACK GIRL FACE FOR??
this is exactly why he has my support. He puts God and America first
Amazed you weren't struck by lightning.  #religiouscharlatan
Please , be yourself again . You said : '' I can't wait to debate with her ! ''  Please don't listen to P.C.'ness
Absolutely wonderful!!! This is America at its best.
PLEASE STOP THE NASTY SNIDE REMARKS! ON TWITTER!  Keep it up and you wont win!  A concerned voter........
@is_that_true @ICLV Save our oilfield please
prayers for your safety Donald.  Loving you...
omg no true Christian can support a man of hate! God knows your true nature!
why are you touching a young woman's face? How would you feel if that were done to you?
barf #badcombover #notthenextpesident
.@realDonaldTrump @ICLV
#Trump finally beginning to realize that only #Christian #Hypocrites
will vote for him.
Why?: Racist Afraid Uned..
Pence is a righteous man!
If these fools support you they are not christians who follow jesus. The must be evangelicals
Donald watch facial expressions during the debate crucial
Nationalism is very wonderfull. The only worry is that many Continents are well developed. USA Will be in vacuum!
You heard it from me first, #Trump will go down in history as 1 of the most loved President.
while #Hillary is napping again.
It feels good to have a #POTUS with American values. #WeThePeople need #TrumpPence16 to #MAGA !
Time to be the Donald and get rid of the clowns in White House
Beautiful
please let the Veterans build the wall. Give them their pride.
C C C stand for Clinton corruption control .
please let the Veterans build the wall. They are already trained in working together.
is cute when one kid said that she is right Trump's hair is not orange
Hillary is a liar, I know her, I know her cheater evidence.
I just threw up in my mouth a little bit. How did you not burst into flames #HonestDon ? #
praying God will give you an amazing presence of his strength

LOVELY! Tears to my eyes.
Anybody remember when Marla led Trump around Like a horny bull with a ring through its nose?
if anyone wants to see an example of deplorable people visit #kaine or #HillaryClinton . Truly deplorable people.
do not let North Korean develop nuclear weapons. We MUST! Pls do not trust Russia and Putin.The voters do not trust Putin!
May God continue to richly bless America w/a #PresidentTrump. #OnlyTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, for all.
GOD loves, Degenerate Trump hates! Those he detests most, minorities & Women with "intelegence & dignity" won't vote DT!
School Choice!!!!
True Americans cannot accept pure Islam religious ideology as being the Government exclusively, one and the same.
Islam immigration imports persecution (terrorism) in disbelief of the God’s covenant in the Bible New Testament.
Should make a commercial of this
u are welcome
TRUMP=SORO SAYS IF U BECOME PRESIDENT THE MARKET WILL CRAS IS TGHIS TRUE ? SHOULD I SELL MY STOCKS , NOW ?
REPLY !!!
No, thank you for wanting to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
God bless America!
Did he just reach out and try 2 slap that little girl? P.S. Tell Bubba not 2 play along w/ the melody on saxophone.
C how Donald gently touches the cheek of a child! Genuine inner character of the man! @HillaryClinton is fake!
- There have not been any beautiful mornings since you started this asinine fiasco, & no more if you accidentally win
Mr. President to be, you must have your best game in the 2nd debate, put her in place
notce how its an academy and not a public school lol.
They were awesome. True Patriots. Hard to find. That was neat you sang along with them.
That is beautiful to mime ears, very....as it should be...God Bless
ironic

This is just beautiful to see. Mr Trump makes us proud to be Americans. Love it!
Oh lordy. Knuckle draggers.
Poor kids
This is beautiful!
I am so proud to be an American.
 Signed...A deplorable Hoosier
literally the purge @UniversalHorror
If this isn't "presidential character", than I don't know what is. God Bless America!!
I have the orange crayon
I'm nervous I'm nervous
Singing Giod Bless America with the kids!
@Krod75mets reminds me of the Purge
Amazing God Bless America rendition! I'm so blessed to be in the US, IMMIGRANT who achieved my American dream LEGALLY
wow the beauty queen should gather some cameras up and make trump . He must've put on 20lbs.
god is dead
Love it! GOD BLESS AMERICA!!! And God bless Donald J.Trump! !! Be safe!!! # TrumpPence2016
Christians love swindler thieves? http://americannewsx.com/politics/read-donald-wedding-caterer-will-make-sick/ …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXNKQW7QQFc …
God bless you our country and everyone in it. May we all live in peace.
It is so obvious of the 2 candidates @realDonaldTrump is the one who LOVES America and will help us Rebuild #MAGA @Vetteil @ICLV #Trump2016
That...was touching
@MikeandDawnNY @ICLV Mr. Trump you are so special...we all love you!
Awesome
