Actually, she was being generous. More than 67% are deplorable.
supporter punching 69 year old lady w/attached oxygen tank , deplorable? Or no?
What about what you said about MexiAmericans, MuslimAmericans  SyrianAmericans, and POW Americans (and other Americans)???
NO hillary called White Supremacists deplorable, which Trump is afraid 2 do
NO MORE CLINTONS IN OUR WHITEHOUSE!
Clinton/Kaine for the White House
You got to be kidding or hallucinating!
Nope. Clinton/Kaine for the White House!
Boo to that!
Clinton/Kaine to WH!!
Boo

No Trump is For Trump alone

Trump is for Trump ONLY
@mitchellvi#MAGA
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jun/30/donald-trump/donald-trump-inaccurately-suggests-clinton-got-pai/ …
Can you please answer this important question Mr. Trump?
Facts aren't a "47% moment." Of course, #facts haven't stopped you yet.
I agree Mr. Trump
she's only speaking the truth

Count the Deplorables
she said many of ur supporters are deplorable people. factcheck: true.
you say terrible things about so many great Americans you are a worm
I'm proud to be a deplorable if it means I care about my country and who's running it. #nodems
"We aren't racist. We just like marching."
In desperation Joe Biden said; "Show them your heart" but no one expect the truth from her mouth.

do u remember all the shit u have said about athers? U might b bipolar
#trumpsupporters aren'tgreat #Americans their thestuff we scrap from under our shoes. #Bigotry has no place in our society
brilliant video. You spoke with such conviction, truth, concern. My friend YOU ARE NOT DEPLORABLE
should we review the horrible things you've said about great Americans?
She was right.
The Neo-Nazis, racists, sexists, & bigots who support me are GREAT Americans! They deserve RESPECT! @realDonaldTrump
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
you wish.
great?
Nothing great about people who are ok with this
She didn't write off half the country. Just half of your dipshit voters. Which was generous. I think they're all gross.
Racists, sexists, homofobes, xenofobie, islamofobes are NOT great Americans.
kkk are not great, and since you have time on your hands, check out your crowds and listen to them.TAXESrichpoor
Talk about your policy proposals. Get out of the muck.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
She didn't just shoot from the hip, she went full auto on US.
Trump supporters are so mad they're foaming at the mouth. Dead giveaway
Your racist supporters are not Great Americans. #BasketOfDeplorables @realDonaldTrump
calling yourself voice of reason doesn't mean you have any reason tbqh, the real racists have been the dems
Troll. @Pmex124 @realDonaldTrump
calling a mexican a troll eh, racist liberals strike again
You're funny. Your page gives you away. @Pmex124 @realDonaldTrump
proving you wrong would be satisfying but i would gain nothing from it
Veteran  Knocked @HillaryClinton Out of the Race at Presidential Forum! https://youtu.be/WjTfFr2-DUA   via @YouTube
A symptom of rabies is having a fever. Looks feverish here to me, not good! #TrumphasRabies
.@realDonaldTrump She was talking about the white-hooded David Duke fans who love you so much. Not a single great American among them.
But that's who the Democrats were the KKK and if you fact check, David Duke use to run as a Democrat too.
true but once The D's supported the voting right act and civil rights act those D's turned to R's.
WHICH Americans? Catholics just slurred? "Rednecks?" Military/LEOs?  Or just Deplorables? @KellyannePolls
I am proud to be a deplorable.
- I'm sure you are- and obsolete.
Thank you! I take that as a compliment, even though you didn't give it that way
- your comment was fine and not offensive; mine was 

your basket of deplorables
@panny2112 @tkdmike @realDonaldTrump What a DEFINITELY DEPLORABLE basket that is!
George W Bush Post 9/11 warning
https://youtu.be/0wPuY5hI96U?t=996 …
GWB's presidency was DEFINITELY DEPLORABLE.
Hillary is a hate-filled woman. Deplorable.
You want deplorable? THIS is deplorable. One of many abhorrent things he's said & done
Bullshit. He wasn't mocking that scumbag reporter.
I saw it along with millions of other people and ON TAPE Trumpster! Can't delete..
Treat everyone the same. If you attack someone you leave yourself open retaliation.
@jrcoxsr1 I like you and selected you a vote
#CrookedHillary is losing it, evil coming to the surface, I was #BernieOrBust now #Trump2016 beat #NeverHillary
How do you go from Bernie to Trump? Why not a 3rd party?
You mean Trump right?
Trump is awful. Johnson was a 2-term Republican Governor who balanced the budget, cut gov spending, & left with a surplus
Unless we have a miracle, the President will be #Trump or #NeverHillary they both suck, just vote on lesser of 2 evils
But there is no lesser evils between those 2. A 3rd party is the only logical option.
.@realDonaldTrump I didn't realize great meant misogynistic, racist, and homophobic.
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
You think the KKK and Neo-Nazis are "great Americans". Wow.
NO He Doesn't But Hillary certainly does. Endorsed by the KKK Will Quigg and her mentor was Robert C Byrd.
bill was a member of an only white golf course in Arkansas.
and don't forget bills comment about Obama. "A few years ago he would be serving us coffee"
in your dreams. Most hated person on Earth.
- facts are facts #neverhillary
1) Your entire campaign is based on the disgruntled white vote. From the struggling guy that lost his job to a minority...
I bet you were only too happy to hate on a white.  Sorry to tell you but white males are the minority. #silly
I don't hate anyone. I also don't feel sorry for privileged white men whining about being in the minority.
A person can be proud of who he/she is without being a bigot or racist.   You are born what you are.
No problem with self pride. When it infringes on rights of others is when the problem comes in.
who determines what infringes on who?  Certain people feel that illegal aliens infringe on the US citizens.
don't believe in unfettered immigration. But someone's been here for years, working hard? Story of this country
What LEGAL immigrants have to do, you might want to know: Complete background check, med records + X-rays, have a
She revealed the truth that you Americans have feared the rest of the world was oblivious to...
That tweet from President Obama 9/18/2012 when HE was running for - what came before that tweet, PLEASE
Says the pot calling the kettle black.
Trump you make me sick. You lie about everything & you're not qualified for the job, how many bankruptcies? You're fired!
http://proudemocrat.com/donald-trump-children-named-by-federal-judge-in-250-million-tax-evasion-scheme-details/# …
@vernonkelliott saying part of your supporters are deplorable isn't even close to the 47% gaffe.
You're fellow klansmen are not great americans.
nope. She didn't. Totally different issue. Not all of your supporters are alt-right. I believe the believe in you. Others??
The low class ignorant scum that follows Donny is not worthy of American citizenship! Ignorance is no excuse!
She should apologize to every single Nazi, cracker, skinhead, gun nut and lunatic in the country.
Lets not forget how many times you offended the American people!
47% moment?  She didn't say anything terrible about Americans. You're supporters does not equate to the American voters.
What she said? Have u bothered listening to yourself.  Both of U are wacko lunatics that doesn't need near the white house
Sexist, xenophobic, racist, homophobic, Islamaphobic. All sounds about right re: many Trump fans. The Truth Hurts.
FFS! @DrDavidDuke endorses you.  Do you not find him "deplorable"? #RacistDonald

Great Americans? White Nationalists for instance? David Duke & his followers? bigots & racists? #Trump
You shouldn't throw stones at glass houses. Most of Clinton supports....AA. Apologize to them....
like when you call women "fat pigs", or hispanics, "rapists and murderers" or make fun of disabled people?
dumb Donald
And what have you said about American soldiers, women, Hispanics, Muslims and black people?
it is deplorable that an incompetent like you got so far. The system is indeed rigged. You should have never been here.
our latest movement is the deplorables for Trump. Some of our treads on FB are exploding, most tell where they are from.
Sir, please talk about this disgusting comment Hillary made toward every American who supports & believes in you. Disgusted

You have managed to degrade everyone but the rich white man. The sad part is, your supporters don't even realize it.
Hillary`s engagement of the small girl has parallels with Heston`s parting engagement with the white horse in Ben Hur
I'm with her! She failed to add stupid to the list of folks who would vote for you!
.@realDonaldTrump Feigned outrage. Your disgusting attacks on women are attacks on >50% of the population. You've insulted far more people.
She should be shamed - what a terrible comments
She and her followers are #veraciphobic
Here is your % of followers that she is talking about. You can't cover the sun with one finger. 
@ABCPolitics sad day when we stand with this @foxnewspolitics #riggedSystem to stand with this #sad
all the deplorables out there donate $47 to campaign today..  HIllary is a basket case!
Not 'terrible', ACCURATE - since 81% of your supporters  ARE racist bigots.
please get @KidRock and @MikeTyson  @DiamondandSilk Ted Nugent,Bobby Knight,Rudy on board you'll reach MANY more votersPLS
It truly Was! I have a new Nick name 4 HiLIARy (Lyin'~Cryin' Wolf-HiLIARy)=DO the Math!
you mean what she said about the deplorable people that back you? I couldn't have thought of a better word myself.
If ANYONE doubts the mindset of the vocal majority of your supporters, just jump into a FB or Twitter "conversation".Scary!
Hillary fainted due to "overheated" in the early morning with 70F while you didn't feel a thing wearing suits #LyinTed
I thought you and your white nationalists wanted no more PC? Her remark was true, #BasketOfDeplorables what's the problem?
she collapsed 9-11 shows she is seriously sick. and i doubt we we see that fake X-ray cover story.
Who said Libs are tolerant, compassionate, appreciate diversity & strive for equality??? Not Hillary!!!
Wish her well on illness nail her on issue's Russia reset button Libya Syria  Iraq Foundation email DJT deplorable voters
half of 14m is 7m. Thats roughly 2% of the population. Less than 10% of those who will actually vote. Try again#CommonCore
wow. She said a mean (true) thing. At least when you are mean, you are lying.
Troubling
A) Nurse talking Vitals
B)Drugged Out Feet Crossed
C) Held Up By Biden
D)Held Up By 2 Men
THIS IS GETTING WAY TOO WEIRD!!! IT'S LIKE SHE'S A DEFECTIVE ROBOT!

Half of ur supporters is barely 12-15% of the electorate. And their hatreds (fanned by U) AREdeplorable.
Дональд отъеби эту конченую мразь!!!
Nope. She wasn't talking about great Americans. Only your loser base.
Hey Trunk, have the balls and apologize to all people you have attacked and mocked of them.
Racists, white supremacists, bigots & anti-Semites are great Americans?  YOU are such an embarrassment to this nation
and what you've said "about so many Americans" is ok?  
After what @billclinton said about white southerners (which I proudly am) & then this - Spells BYE!
Do you think.. Hillary is afraid to DEBATE Donald TRUMP?   she is losing! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtjjHq4mxzk …
I once admired u, found u entertaining-Prior 2 campaigning u were not so demeaning, harsh or mean. Please #stopthemadness
Your children work for a living. Bloomberg's daughter takes care of polo ponies. Who's the fraud/con?
hey Donald did feel good about capitalizing on money that was earmarked for 9-11 families and responders you p.o.s
next on F&F Stay Classy!! Just wish her well.

Her lies n cruelty is catching up with her.@dncpress stop deceiving America. We ThePeople demand.
.@realDonaldTrump Funny thing is YOU'RE part of the 47% who doesn't pay taxes Donald! #MAGA
delete your account
great Americans don't support trump. Your followers are imbeciles
blames #muslim #asians #mexican and just about everyone..  You were saying? @HillaryClinton   #potus

She was just tellin' it like it is. Thought your type appreciated that?
I don't think that Hillary is really sick, her numbers are coming down so they needed Obama to campaign for a few days.
Said the person who has so many 47% moments.  Trump cant remember all the outrageous things he's said.
She has no idea what America is and who Americans are as she acts as though she is the most important person in the world.
well lets see you insulted Mexicans, the disabled, African Americans, women, and native Americans. #TrumpFails
SO YOU GO ON AND ON TO YOUR FANS ABOUT WE NEED TO NOT BE POLITICALLY CORRECT. .BUT OTHERS ARE NOT ALLOWED TO DO THE SAME?
What about saying this - Donald Trump Celebrates His Nevada Voters: ‘I Love the Poorly Educated!’
She meant you were deplorable! I have to agree! #truth about #Trump
just kidding fuck no way I will vote for you Donald Duck 

Trump has said that Clinton campaign is hate filled and lack specifics. Trying reverse psychology, huh? Peole see thru it.

crooked Hillary wrote off half the country and voters who disagree as peons & cannon fodder e.g. cant recall Benghazi dead

. Here is a poll of your supporters who are racist http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-race-idUSKCN0ZE2SW … Did not even include women-Hispanics-disabled
Report: Trump's charity used others' money. http://on.msnbc.com/2cnyb1N  via @msnbc
.@realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #BasketOfDeplorables
You want to know who’s terrible, Donald? Look in the mirror.
I guess I'm deplorable too.  I'm with Trump all the way!
PLEASE! Keep this narrative going from one of the #Deplorables with a masters degree that stands with you.
you think the alt-right is made up of great Americans?  You know that was who she was talking about b/c she said so.
Hillary is showing us that she is not for all, she is only for herself & lying again.
huh?? What about you calling people rapist, thieves, women hater, calling women fat, etc. remember??
Je suis 'DEPLORABLE'...
she said the truth, and when she does then she is a bad person.what about what your father called Mexicans.
the KKK are not great Americans!!!!!!!!!
I suggest starting an " I am a Trump supporter and not deplorable" ad campaign. Feature teachers, pastors, veterans, etc.
That comment was not her finest hour. It was also the last straw for me. I am All In.
Here is your first 47% moment. How could you make 9/11 about how tall your building is.
Here's the disgusting audio of Trump on 9/11 bragging about how his building is now the tallest in Lower Manhattan: 
.@realdonaldtrump Make the Bible beat her enemies and the Bible will make you beat yours. Help tell @SpeakerRyan INRI FAIR RETRIAL NOW.
keep up the fight (Winning)
She was being classy when she called them Deplorable.
Deplorable or not we support Trump/Pence 2016
Vote Hilary!!!!  Not Donald Duck!!!
What a terrible thing that you promote violence against anyone who dares to protest you at your rallies! Busting heads! UGH
#draftdodger #sad #dumbdonny
Your moment came when you walked out on $Billions of OPM in AtlCity. all money YOU foolishly spent. Wynn kicked ur butt
No, just these people.
Saw one of your supporters hit someone. Wasn't even kicked out of rally. Setting good example aren't you? Disgusting.
It was a true statement!
So u object 2 calling out racists and misogynists 4 who they r? We beg to differ.  #WethePeople #screwoppression #lovewins
She was only talking about people like you. Those who hate every one else. Of course you have their vote.
and you cant reach over 40% so you will lose.
You are not worthy of governing a country like The United States.
@HillaryClinton u wish she did, what she says is so true, looka look at the way your #BasketOfDeplorables acted about(c)
Mr. Trump Hillarys judgment is upon her.
@usa4trumpnation Hop on in the basket, we ALWAYS have room! That's how we r -inclusive ! 
you have had many 47% moments. Where is that outrage. Ur the Birther King. Racist to the core. U will never see the Oval.
You've had 47 47% moments!! 

Plus she's right! Trump minions ARE deplorable... Davie Duke & The Alt Right Band 
well you criticized women, black people, Mexicans, and blamed all Muslims....you're not any different sorry
I still can't understand how someone can play this sick 1945 game to hurt people. Jail is what she needs
You've said worse about women, mocked the handicapped, offered to pay legal fees to your supporters who attacke protesters
Hey Pillsbury DoughBoy (aka LIAR/Donald Trump) do U know that 47% moments R better than 0% moments like U regularly get!
you have insulted more than 10 times the people she did and sadly you are still around.
Fuhrer if your such a great business man show your tax's!  You can show your first two pages and release prior years..
If Hillary's "Baskets of Deplorables" wasn't bad enough, she goes on to call millions of Americans "Irredeemable" Disgrace!
Great American bigots?
Discrimination is your moment,Why are blacks who apply thrown in the garbage can ,why??
Me being "deplorable" donating blood. I don't care who gets it, because all Americans deserve it.
it was a back handed apology saying she didn't mean" half ." in her mind she probably snickered and meant all by that!
https://twitter.com/muchwowshibes/status/772897275609620480 …
if you are so damn innocent of the rape charges, then WHY DID YOU STAND BY AND DO NOTHING?  A real man doesn't do that.
You forgot the terrible things you've said about Americans - embarrassing!
@DarkStream That is why Mr.Trump will be the New President!
nothing worse than you have said mr deplorable.
Your record of disrespecting an entire demography is very clear and public knowledge. Pot cursing the kettle
she is proving she is RACIST/BIASED/PREJUDICE and ANTI AMERICAN she is ugly sick needs a Dr and therapist!
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT

