

Why doesn't the Trump Fdn have license to solicit funds but you did it ANYWAY?
same can be said about you. Stay on message don't give in to her stupidity! You fail, it's on you! #BeSmart
this needs to be run in prime time. Why am I seeing ads only at odd hiurs??
@Devthemulatto
Donald ignore all these paid Hillary lovers! #GoTrump
I would say ALL of the above, and much more!  TRUMP, 2016!!!
Why aren't you 50 points ahead?
listen orange smelly man Schwartzy knows you Schwartzy leaves Russia to get away & you &Putin make babies through anus hole
Why do you believe HRC should be 50 points ahead?
EXACTLY!
Take 14 minutes to truly understand what @RealDonaldTrump is all about https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yBGE80covk …
@YouTube my source says You belong in Cuba micky # Don the deplorable
you're right. She should be. You're a fucking disaster who represents no-one but your own greed
The Christians are the real terrorists.
such stupidity and blindness to even make such a remark, when you loose your freedom remember u said this
It is beyond me how anyone who calls themselves christian could vote for trump.  Bunch of ignorant hypocrites!
#TRUMPCocaine® - For When Your Brain-Damaged Ravings Have To Seem Cohesive For The Rubes. #WhitePurityMatters #Sniffle @realDonaldTrump
YOUR BEHAVIOR IS MAKING ME REGRET MY SUPPORT OF YOU. MOVE ON AND LOSE THE EGO.
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump you have a PhD and you voted for Trump?
I hate to shock you, but there are lots of us-- we have just escaped from the universities!
it doesn't shock me. Just make me sad. I have a PhD in materials engineering.
I'm wondering the same thing - how ANY academic could vote for this clown
Colorado Christian uni professor on conservative radio gave trump A+ for 1st week.
A prestigious job and education doesn't always equate to intelligence. Exhibit A: Trump
he doesn't have a prestigious job or education.... he only has a bachelor's degree
YOU NEED TO GO AWAY
You tweet this, but where was this in the debate?
because he isn't the one tweeting it
Bingo!  Corruption  &  Terrorism
Will put Hillary lower than her Media friends  ratings! 
Digging  Up Bones 
You said you wanted to "debate very badly". You did.

His mentor was a Segregationist,Hers(maybe the KKK)Both suported the Confederate Flagin Arkansas
(on Hannity)
I am an educated female voting for trump in pa the difference between me and Hillary supporters is that i think for myself.
because you have rallied the deplorables. kudos for that. bigots, misogynists, racists, xenophones are rising to the top!
Do you tan or use a bronzer or both?
what about your scandal viciously bullying this hard working #Latina ? This is what she has to say #debatenight
part 2- restaurants, the ship was full of German tourists, we overheard them laughing about Clinton and making fun of the
even a 6 month old knows Donald Trump is bad news 
She was absolutely correct in calling a lot of your supports deplorable.  Probably not strong enough.
or maybe... just maybe... you're actually incapable of running a country and your supporter are starting to realize it.
I wonder what your death camp memorabilia will be worth 40 years after you & your CZ Eva Braun wife take your deathpellets
typical Trump supporter.. Hopefully I'll see you in line for the shower
Why is your campaign manager @KellyannePolls saying you abused women & illegally spent money in Cuba??
lol
Love  my President. 
She cannot keep her big mouth shut,like #chuck schemer and #Nancy Pelosi and it now is well known that #Berry Obama # Hillary  are in deep trouble and they must go to prison for lies,deceiving,undermining my president #Trump and the #Corruption that they both created and it has
Exactly
I kinda miss these campaign ads.  Haha...I can't believe I said that cuz it was so long and drawn out.  Donald J Trump won!
To end #EnoughIsEnough #Treason #Benghazi #ClintonRussia #Clinton cartel @realDonaldTrump and @realJohnnyZipp 

you rock trump, you're smashing killary

pay some tax
Grow some brains.  And mind your own business. You have your own problems, see if you can solve them.
did you sue them?
are you responding to an imaginary tweet?
no. It was a question for you.
it's not coherent.
did you sue them?
what are you talking about?
You're down in every poll today you clown 
You must have missed the one where he is up +5 in the general that came out today..??
 oh, wait. You really think he is going to win. That's just sad.
Donald it is almost over. 
American is tired of your bullshit!!!  Go Hillary!!!!
/Chump Will u be broke after this election is over, spending ur own money & all. LOL, NOT! & u want win. Go @HillaryClinton
- If he is broke, he'll just "borrow" a little cash from the family foundations.
ur supporters are deplorable ignoramuses.. killery's are a bunch of i don't know what's.. u both suck
hillary calls society deplorable....nobody bats an eye.  You tell one girl to quit eating so much the whole world goes craz
can you just not
Let your surrogates talk toAmerica abt infidelities of Bill.Dontmake fun of herhealth, but gently bring it up with respect
What were you doing on debate? You told her good job after the debate? Huh? dafaq? You then told her she won. Your fault.
it's because you are dividing this country by degrading all those who have worked hard to defend democracy
what @TRUMP did as a businessman has nothing 2 do w/being POTUS, what #HRC did as Sec. Of State &1st lady absolutely does!!
first of all u like wmd ?ur not does .its about time to tell fact from fiction trumps TOTALLY  UNQUALIFIED
she isn't 50 points ahead because you are a fraud and a cheat. It's simple really.
We're pulling for you up here in Canada
I hope when you win, you put this devil incarnate in jail, and all her cronies
.. LAIR LAIR PANTS ON FIRE
I heard she’s basically up against a shaven ape.
because someone left the lid off the basket......
People died, Hillary lied.
or maybe a bunch of north-american people are really bad informed
I don't think insulting Americans is a way to hurt you in the polls... otherwise you would be polling much lower
Why aren't YOU 50 points ahead? A Tweet would have to allow 1,000 characters to list the reasons. #nevertrump #imwithher
stay focus on the issues!!! Pound on the fact that Hillary is the poster child of corrupted gov.
GOD bless Donald Trump

Or the media keeping it close to make a buck off of your back....See the electoral map lately??
and to those who listen to the Hollywood liberal's actor's actresses remember they are paid to pretend

you are still in the game is only many Republicans always vote Republican, so they are not really vote for you! You, SAD!
Well said! Just keep saying it!~ We love you, Donald Trump. We need you more than ever NOW! U must win 4US
Unfortunately, stupid is, stupid does!!!! Vote HILLIARY
YES!!  Stick to this message and you win... go down the rabbit holes she is raising and she wins.  PLEASE HELP OUR COUNTRY!
And she's still ahead! That says more about how bad you are...silly message #Trump #TrumpFails #Landslide2016
because the people who would dare consider voting for you are all uneducated.
plus she hasn't done anything in 26 years. Other than rob people blind.and talk shit behind their back. Get people killed.
my new slogan" Kaine is a Pain"
what about her & Obama killing 4 men in Benghazi because they were running guns to our enemies.
??many didn't realize there is still so many poorly educated/deplorables in america  the Dark side only trump could see!
we've seen it all before we want someone to purify the temple.
Class action suit of10Billion underwayagainst WF
don't you mean Killary? uhm sorry hillary
Exactly, because a lot of your followers are as deplorable as you.
"millions"
you are right donald
@HillaryClinton we are stuck with a grumpy old man  who has tall towers and nothing else
shes a toad!
If U want a "polished debater" with a record of screw ups=cover ups=LIES=policy disasters=zero accomplishments VOTE HILLARY
Love it!
isn't it about time instead of running your mouth all the time you tell the American people what you going to for usa
https://www.facebook.com/LifeZette/videos/379552272376205/ …
Or sadly leaving 4 souls to die in Libya 
@SebGorka Its her Corruptive, Deceitful, Lying, Hypocritical Demeanor. Never Hillary. Voting for TRUMP!
She distorted1stdebate toget herpoints across
HOW BOUT THE MURDERS?  OOPS!  SHE HAS MUCH BLOOD ON HER HANDS ..SUCCUBUS
Kaylas parents arestill waiting!
fortunately for her don she doesn't need 50 and well  unfortunately for you she only needs a few and that's what she's got!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTatAtnL3z0 … Sir, We need you to save us from Hillary.
Guys, pin this tweet.
No, it's the unfortunate fact we have so many uneducated, boorish people. They can identify with YOU, one of them.
We're still behind you #TrumpPence !!! Who the hell cares what happened 11 yrs ago...our time is  Now!
same question why aren't you ? #ImwithherandTheBoss
Counting on you to make us great again. Thank you
BECAUSE the propaganda is not working, her reputation and record precedes this wretched woman.
no more Obamacare!!  It is killing the middle class!!
It's because, sadly, you appeal to so many dirt bags in this country.
Your insults to women are disgusting & detracts from the good you are trying to accomplish.  Knock it off.
Hillary's fix was in mo's ago if not longer, There's no doubt that Obama ordered DOJ & FBI to cover-up the crime
You'd be 50 pts ahead if you stuck to the issues & didn't keep going down rabbit holes. 2016. Wasted oppt by Republicans.
This was allegedly found on Senator McCain's laptop
come on Donald. Let's close this deal.
here's why. ..
TAX RETURNS! 
TAX RETURNS YOU FRAUDSTER!
TAX RETURNS! TAX RETURNS YOU FRAUDSTER!!!
 yeah "paying no taxes makes you smart"
Are you really asking why you're not losing by more?  how badly do you not want to be president?
R U proud that you don't pay taxes? U lost my vote and I'm sure a lot more Americans feel the same.
you delusional empty-brained, your accountants did all tax work for you, not you
can't you fuckkng see that this approach is killing us??? If your scared say your scared. Jeeez I sure am.
Clinton llied and Comey helped her, who is worse?
As a billionair you paid off a bunch of people to buy their votes...
need to start using Barack Hussein Obama as it is his real name.
or maybe it's true that women are held to impossibly high standards while mediocre men skate through on fumes.

Ed Klein Book -Guilty as Sin -excerpt-20yroldinternsgiving Bill foot massages(Just for info) (dontapplyin debate)
She probably will be 50 points ahead after the week you've had, Donald. See you at the next debate, chump.
@TexasRebelAR15 because we need to be talking about her 49% moment trashing millennials
if u keep the current trend with your tirades she will be.
my advice to Americans on the long shot you win, build bomb shelter, cash in your stocks.
Or maybe it's because America loves white male rapists—which is pretty much your standard for "#MAGA," isn't it?
@Go_Conservative What about Benghazi?
she would b 100 points  a head, but fo your butt hole children
why are you not in jail for not paying federal taxes. The average working American is tired is footing the bill for you
all lives matter to Hillary
Please win this next debate our country needs you
we will be there and three words for crooked Clinton follow the money !! It's the trust to the fact .shes just a waste time
Ewww
the truth is tough - but @crookedhillary has lied so many time it would take the whole of twitter to host all her lies...
lmao. You are some kind of special.
why don't you invite Bill Clinton's son, Danny Williams, to the next debate?
she also has ties to Russia
Please concentrate on that in the next debate.
Hillary should be ashamed of herself for the horrible commercials she has on TV
you mean the ones where they play clips of Trump speaking? The shame is people support him.
who cares what he said years ago. What about the guys in Benghazi that Hillary didn't even try to help
nope, stuff he said recently and your  Benghazi argument holds no water, stop kidding yourself.
the head deplorable tweets.
I can't believe she was so brazen in that ad!
Why don't you use the fact that everyone involved with the server/email scandal has pleaded the 5th? No crime why the need?
Please stay on message. You're better than her. I am a 62 yr old widow on disability from an accident. You have to win!

When someone lies, it means "i don't like you and I definitely don't respect you."
Her body double is called Teresa
or incompetent ?
....for a Billionaire you are cheap...don't want to spend advertising dollars so you tweet all night. Spend to win....
and Sanders supporters #BasementDwellers
love it. go get her. fight back.
Does Bill and Hillary remind you of Bonney and Clide
You scare us more than HRC.
You are going to shake down the economy.
Buy everything up at "garage sale" prices.
#Donthecon
Best ad ever.
only 30 points ahead. Weak! God knows you've tried to get her 50points ahead
sir please win the electoral votes too!
