
ha ha. Here's another "hoax". Does she sound like she's lying? http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/video_and_audio/must_see/37644365 …
Witness yesterday verified that she was lying.
the question I asked, "Does it seem like she's lying?" Anyone can pay a 'witness' to refute her...
Lol. Anyone can lie to appear as a victim. We also know Hillary had ads on craiglist trying to find this kind of women.
I think true Trump supporters do not believe that crap. I am a woman and I am for @realDonaldTrump
You don't look like a woman

my name isn't Hillary
wikiLeaks exposes corruption. Vote Trump, get rid of corruption.
.@realDonaldTrump Hell's been lonely since you left.
Does anyone wonder why these women waited to come forward?  Safety in numbers.
~Pictures say a thousand words don't they?!


SHOCKING. A woman praises and adores someone until HANDOUTS STOP. Now SHES A VICTIM? #FAKEWOMEN
Just 

Keep

Talking
Another excellent tweet Don! Now if I may, how does it feel to be an alleged rapist?
Hypocrites praise one day and attack the next! What does that say about them?Not to be trusted maybe???????
I don't hear trump Brown nosing Isis!!!
in other news, Trump still thinks she was "asking for it".
please just write me a check and everything will be fine
sue these 2 pieces of shit
Crooked Summer! Obviously a lie!!! She comes across as a money grubbing attention seeking hack among other things
summer is fill of baloney.
And the dumb asses will always believe it!!
Follow me if you support Trump!
These hookers were looking for money and now they are trying to get paid. Gloria is a thug!
Okay Pervert
we know they're lies.  Move on and get back on the issues and America. This is not about you!!! This is about America!
#LockHerUp
Assange?
uses other women to do her gold digging,  she never goews after anyone that doesn't have deep pockets

Gloria allread was in contact with the clinton campaign staff before any of this
And how do you know this
this woman is SO fake, as her cousin said she wants to get some tv reality drama to boost her business. SAD
WAS THE GREED ?? ANOTHER DISGRACE
Tagging 9/11 Truthers, real classy Donald.
people being polled are being hung up on when they say they are voting Trump!!
If Trump got this mail in April, why did he only "find" it just now?
#HillaryClinton end game
Gloria Allred is a Clinton operative
She is even in the emails.
This is so fake, makes me wanna laugh. That woman is a piece of work, scum.
Brain damaged imbecile. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GInZ4oQhhzE …
sadly I wouldn't believe anyone Gloria Allred represented
She now represents a lot of Weinsteins accusers. Still think she's just digging up fake victims?
30+ yrs. DJT builds his real estate empire, then boom! Allegations! never b4 heard of??,
Suurre!
your Tweet was quoted by @BBC
the dems are out-smearing the smearers.  I love it! Swiftboat trump
@Gypsydragup @PrisonPlanet @DailyCaller 
This is a personal friend with nothing to gain https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10209370374433946&id=1161474571 …
, if these women were attacked why are they just now speaking? I live in Chicago, Englewood?
Wrong mass shooting!! IMAGINE BEING AS IGNORANT AS YOU FOOLS
@LiberalNOR @PrisonPlanet @DailyCaller well Hillary is mentally unstable like these so called,victims how MENTAL are you.
Gloria Allred is a Democratic Fundraiser and complete LIAR & will do or say anything for money like Hillary
This tweet didn't age well
well if you were castrated in the '90's then I'd believe you
#ImWithHer: An Open Letter To #Hillary Clinton, From A Dad With a Daughter: Thank You | People's
remember when you verbally bashed Bill's accusers? Yeah, it works both ways, num-nuts.
@100pbased Smh It's All Fake. All See Thru
make sure to get out there and vote bro. Love you
I Am Bro Best Believe
im here.to serve frozen based tape
We will win, they can't stop this movement!

You filthy orange pig....Go away.
Why share lies told? I never saw this one. Trust us to defend you.  We don't have much time. Be elegant.
FYI, that doesn't mean the pussy grab didn't happen,
Her cousin even said on Judge Jeanne that she's a liar & accused someone else of false sexual abuse.Pathetic
Those dam emails will get you every time.
we know this stuff is not true. Please get back on the issues
sorry, abused woman can react in different ways....not proof
where is the email? Again no proof just empty words
presidential election campaign or sexual assult campaign?
Sir pls let us thank care of this 4 you we have ur back just look at our accounts This is what the media & HC wants u 2 do
allthese false accusations should energize not only the base but others who see it for its worth
#CreepyDonald should be in #prison for his vile acts against women! @HillaryClinton

this is all such a joke. Killary at it again..
the question is Mr Trump does it really surprise you? one of ur accusers cousins even said she was full of it
Corruption happening right under our American noses!We're clueless.Thank goodness for Wikileaks!
How much did that cost??
Another hoax?
SOME PEOPLE WANT TO BE VICTIMS!
- Yes, we KNOW that.  Now stick to the issues and you will make America great again.
.@realDonaldTrump @PrisonPlanet @DailyCaller Donald Trump is a hoax.
How disgusting and low, we will Not Forget..Ever! @cnn @msnbc @HuffingtonPost Expose them! @CR
Donald what is the strategy we must pull something out otherwise it's curtains for you
Donald's why are you saying racially charged things like lock her up
why crying over something that happens 30y ago you didn't go to the police neither got a lawyer
They aren't even worthy of response! Just Double down on Hillary's failed policies and your wonderful plan!
#HillaryGropedMe Hillary shed her human-suit and her tentacles carresed my genitalia. #believe
trump gets caught saying how he treats  women, they come out, he lies
How cool, @PrisonPlanet: retweeted by Trump!
TIME TO HAMMER CLINTON ON ISSUES. Talk up vision for America again. Discuss your issues agsin

Mr Trump you no longer have to defend yourself!
American Women will follow you! <3
crooked Hillary must have paid her off well to jump the tracks and pull this stunt!
I thought you didn't know any of these women. You and Julian Assange both belong in the same cell.
She should go into acting and maybe she could make some money there.  So pitiful to see her acting.
Alread needs to get a life. She is always stiring up trouble
Frame this Retweet! This is going to lead to the biggest mass leftist triggering of all time! Glorious!

Should you have been shot?
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/feb/17/central-park-five-donald-trump-jogger-rape-case-new-york …
pig.
Trump is the real hoax!
All kinds come out of woodwork.....need their 5 min. Of fame to boost their carrer.
You must've called the Russians and asked them to fabricate this false email. You are dangerous!
prison planet? My my. You are scraping the bottom of the barrel to find allies. Sad!
Trump better drive home what US will really look like under Hillary. Enuf already with the rigged election.
On the same article it says she sent an email with her concern about your behavior w/no response
let's put you and all the accusers on a lie detector...
talk about Wikileaks, Assange had his internet cut by state actors. HE NEEDS YOU NOW MORE THAN EVER
You gotta get this passed 100s of #liberalmedia stations.  Good luck!
Gloria Allred is a soulless shell.
@LeRouxNel @PrisonPlanet @DailyCaller ,, Wow, all of a sudden! It almost comical. ....
you are a #Deplorable sexist racist homophobic xenophobic narcissistic megalomaniac. And a pig.
@KimberleeHicks3 @PrisonPlanet @DailyCaller moving on...we know they r liars let's talk WikiLeaks
.@realDonaldTrump .@PrisonPlanet 
@DailyCaller She is bought and paid for just like CROOKED .@HillaryClinton Don't give them another second!
what horrible actress they are
Move ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

she is such a liar
That has been proved not true.
Your base knows.
You finally won something this election
Keep TRUTH in your heart and mind. God will prove himself.

Good old Gloria has attacked every Republican presidential candidate! She's a total fraud and should be sued!
Regardless, people like you prevent the equality between genders by your ephemeral mentality of women.
Delete your account.
I am Sorry... He said some dump things again :( #DumpTrump
We know these aren't real they are a distraction we are not wavered by BS. Carry on Mr President
She is lying.  Worst kind of female...attention getter.
Terrible how YOUR actions make miserable others people life #neverTrump #never
She will pay for making the false accusation, her cousin is exposing her actions!
will you wear your tinfoil hat for debate #3?
Gold digger, She sued a man in Florida & lost
Total lies Donny, you are such a silly old man
all they are are attention seekers
There idiot women are destroying credibility for REAL victims of assault with there lies.
As recently as July I recounted your sexual assault and groping of a woman I know. Are you going to #OwnupTrump? 
this is a load of crap...crocodile tears..jeesh bad actress
Or you are guilty and should be in jail.

Not unusual to have conflicted feelings about a predator. May respect them on many levels & excuse bad.
Gloria Allred gives lawyers a bad name she is such a disgrace
Trump really counts on people reacting off headlines and not actually reading these articles, huh
Read? Read? They don't have no stinking time to read because Ben Ghazi is comin for their children!!!
Did you delete that email or are you just trying to cover up again.
@slone @LouDobbs @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews @CNN someone just like CNN getting paid.
When do you unleash your lawyers? Slander is a crime.
https://encyclopediadramatica.se/Paul_Joseph_Watson …
get back to the issues, we got this Mr. Trump! The world is burning & ur fighting rabbits.
umm...what a reputable source.
You don't have time to get distracted on defending your honor! Time to beat Hillary! MAGA!
These accusations feel as real as Glenn Beck saying Hillary groped him.
this woman should be ashamed of herself. This does damage to all future claimants of assault
#America .vs. #trump

#Debate

#predator trump's victim has a supporter come forward.

@realdonaldtrump
Witness backs up former "Apprentice" contestant's assault allegations against Trump http://bit.ly/2egRhdF  
is Barron safe in the home of an ALLEGED sexual predator??  Child protective services where are you?
#orangehitler has no empathy.
Who's worse her or Gloria?

these people really believe we're that gullible.
Talk about Hillary Scandles
Hardly a credible web site.  Try again we still don't believe you
