Just be you Mr.Trump I'm so sick of ppl saying what you need to do .Just be You .You are great I believe in you 
yes just be you the world is watching LOL
He is going to hit Hillary like he did for Jeb and Ted Cruz its game everyone saying don't do it.Do it Trump
he get all in a snit over a tweet , how is he going to handle the world's press
He will handle everyone ..Certainly Hillary
yes by lying  but I love #factcheck
Hillary don't lie?Emails? Clintonfoundation?
Clinton Foundation was clear about a month ago
@EmmaDavvis this is why I love trump lol.
Am I “fringe left”? Wow. Who’s going to tell my poor parents? They’ll have heart attacks.
Thank you for your service. I can only imagine how many tours you did. We all appreciate it. Sorry it ended so poorly.
Not sure what you mean. Trite maybe. Hard to acknowledge career service in a tweet. I was sincere though. No pun intended.
Do the same thing to her like you did Jeb ..She is preping Jeb material against you ..
free advice to Kellyanne: take away his phone.   Hide the fact that he is a racist idiot.  Nice try though.  #KellyAnneLies
We're here!
please say an excessive amount of dumb shit so i can get very drunk
aren't coke heads living in the trump place?
Looking forward to watching your comedy show. Couldn't script it. Keep your calm pal you really are a bit of a numpty!
God bless u tonight 4 standing up for the #Deplorables & all Americans
I don't like Trump & don't think he's fit for office but Hillary will start world wars if she wins. #CrookedHillary
Know whats Sad Sir? Had Arnold Palmer died while HRC was president, His family would have lost 65% of $674 million estate
Good luck!!! 
I love you Mr. President!! Keep calm and obliterate Crooked Hillary!
@JTSantucci no, thank you.
ok these deplorables ! The Alt Right - Racists - Sexists -Uneducated crew -  YOUR SUPPORTERS.
Yes, and watch you get deplorably whupped
- "deplorable" read racist.
you're already boosting the economy! People are having First Presidential Debate Parties!
I'm rooting for you! Get em!
It's funny that you say that ironically.
@SarahPalinUSA doesn't know what "rogue" means and you apparently don't know what #Deplorables means #DebateNight
Just measure Hillary for her Orange jumpsuit tonight onstage. GO Trump Go

at the debate Hillary goes insane

whoop her ass tonight Mr president I'll have to watch it in the morning on dvr

turks with You Trump 
.@realDonaldTrump Tonight would be a great night to release your taxes!
Over 850 days since you promised to do it if you ran.
#debatenight
Good luck, stay cool, calm and collected.  You got this.
stay cool!
Tell @DrDavidDuke to keep it at minimum please...
I would love to see how many Florida dems that are #TrumpPence16 as of now. I will start with me. Proud GRANDMA dem 4 Trump
Go Donald!
that explains a lot actually
ask them to check out the man that gave a lot of cash to Hillary. https://www.theguardian.com/media/greenslade/2016/jan/11/denis-obrien-under-investigation-by-irelands-criminal-assets-bureau …
Please do not let her bait you. If she says something you said, explain it or apologize for it and you made a mistake
Know u will do great! Very proud to support you!
proud to be a deplorable
WHY IS PENCE NOT MENTIONING HOW CLINTONS SOLD AMERICAN URANIUM TO RUSSIA AND POCKETED MONEY INTO CORRUPT FOUNDATION??
Good Luck. Can't wait for your presidency to begin. :)
A BIG THANKS TO REPUBLICANS WHOM CAVED TO THE DEMORATS BIG MISTAKE FOR NUNES TO STEP DOWN , YOUVE CAVED AND CAVED TO THE DEMORATS ,NO MORE!


Women who was negligent w/classified materials, misled FBI & lied 2 families of deceased heroes - is goin down
N+8
jz
You are so disliked by America Bill Cosby could beat you handily in this race. #NeverTrump #ClownTrain #DumpTrump
disliked only by hillary's paid trolls
or just anybody with a brain and a heart
that's it??
you do know that deplorable = white supremacist, right?
that all you have?
or I could tell about hom cheating on his wives or his charity lies or him complimenting saddam Hussein
or about her accepting money for her campaign from countries that sell sex slaves and want Americans dead
 you REALLY want to go there??
you people sure state a lot of things as fact without docs to back it up
The only truthful thing you've said.
mery  christmas
that would be a good idea. You should let them handle it permanently until the election is over. ijs
Dear Abby: Am Afraid To Go To Vote In November, Since Hillary C. Insulted Us. What Should I DO ? Help !. Sign Me, LOW LIFE
j
GORSUCH MUST BE CONFIRMED AT ALL COSTS , STAND FOR OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP AND OUR CONSTITUTION , STAND UP ! NUCLEAR OPTION , USE IT
We are tuned in to FNC and are awaiting the debate! Go TRUMP!!!
Got to watch Lou Dobbs on Fox business news!
Praying that God The Father, Son, &Holy Spirit will be surrounding you, uplifting you, thinking and speaking through you
Amen.I Will Send Him My Prayer Also.Beautifully Articulated My Scorched Earth Sister.
I am honored by that statement
I Am Glad.Not All Of My Sisters Are Scorched Earth Warriors,But ALL My Twitter Sisters Fit That Bill.ALL.
you are so right. Kaine looks like a joker in the movie
you mean deleting tweets
Trump is a deplorable morally bankrupt human being who has no respect for anyone or anything!!!!
forget the haters they are brain dead believe in a know it all women beater HRC will not win with all the skeletons !
DEPLORABLES. SURE YOURE PROUD OF YOUR KKK SUPPORTERS
vote TRUMP
I'm not sure why you would call your team deplorable because that surely is not what Hillary said
@cbsnews @abc @nbcnews @realDonaldTrump so David Duke and his are tuning in??
Clinton look like she was on something, her eyes were half open. To my pick Trump next time bring home the bacon.


Socialist? But you probably want pot holes fixed on public roads don't u (Socialist idea) @realDonaldTrump
Socialist ideas consist of Public schools, road repairs l, social security, FEMA is a socialist idea @realDonaldTrump
 right with SOCIALISM @realDonaldTrump
well be safe Idaho looks to be in for a flood FEMA on stand by #Socialism @realDonaldTrump
At dinner for Charlie Christ in 2005 you told me how much you LOVE this country, that you want to fix it. Use this please.
Very nice work. Congrats. Hopefully we helped.
You are in our hearts tonight, been to your rallies, this is your night, own it and bring it home. You r all of our voices
.. We are praying for Mr. Trump.
You are deplorable...#nothingtobragabout
can't wait...Call her out on All her lies....and there are so many. #debatenight  #LatinosForTrump
We all have your back! Thanks for the shout out...
Mr. Trump, whether you did/didn't support Iraq, dont own it. You were not in politics, she was. Your opinion didnt matter.
Maybe you should let your team of deplorables prep you for the next debate. DJT didn't do well
Lester is favoring Hillary.  Nits disgraceful....
stop defending you need to be on the offense next debate. You spent a a lot of time defending
@KatrinaPierson That explains tweets being deleted that contradicted things you said. #Trumpsterfire
How about they watch Bloomberg for REAL TIME FACT CHECKING?  Dare them, bet they won't.
Proud to be in the basket of deplorables!
All the Best
Who won the #debatenight
good, because I'm sure every one of them has a better brain than u do.
please stay Bold & call her out for her criminal conduct!!!
You are the Best candidate on that stage, America needs a real leader not a real liar Make America great again
hey you called it.
the great deplorable is suggesting trickle-down economics? FFS!
Stop interrupting her and rolling your eye
You lead a cult who will believe anything you say. #Trump2016
IM A DEPLORABLE VOTING FOR TRUMP FROM THE BEGINNING. GOD BLESS TRUMP AND FAMILY AND AMERICA.
NOT BAD FOR YOUR FIRST PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE! I know it will only get BETTER with the upcoming 2 debates! GO TRUMP!
@YoungDems4Trump LOVYA, SUPORTYA, GOT UR 6, BUT YOU MISSED OPPORTUNITIES FOR BENGHAZI, EMAIL SERVER, OBAMA BERNIE COMMENTS
he's really getting under her skin this is greatness
Madam Secretary this is d presidential debate, not d primary. Let national enquire runs (Ms universe) d story. You've ..
lucky you
Push the #FAIRtax Make America the largest tax haven in the world.
so we can expect more lies than usual?
Donald, most people don't know that the national debt is twenty thousand, billion dollars. That's $20T dollars in a number
Make us Deplorables Great again, Mr. Trump, float like a butterfly sting like a bee!
@ginneyof3 we here in the free state of jones wish you well
Thought you did well but you need to do better. Too much was left on the table last night. FINISH and we'll MAGA!
im glad he's honest about it lol
they always do
stay on topic leave the insults and harsh statements at the door, show America you can be the next great President
Go easy on her if she has a medical 'event'. But... Anything odd, do ask if she's having a seizure!!
#idiot
don't get baited by the criminal she will try and have you stoop to her level.
mr Trump you need to question her next time on the 94million plus unemployed. You did great but hit harder on Benghazi.
Deplorable here. Call me the Deplorable Kratom dude. By the way you should come out on a stance with kratom. #IAmKratom
Sorry I can't watch her a second longer. Praying for you
ask her why we are deplorable. Ask her if the 1.7 Billion in cash going to keep them from nucks. She insults 47% of us
@KatrinaPierson LOSER
win win win! VICTORY!
Praying that you do well tonight......but her with the facts
Amen on deplorables!
Please give Hillary a heart attack.
I predict 3rd round knockout for the Don. Trump has no blood on his hands. Can't say the same for KILLARY
She is glad It Did not come up Why it's fix Abrupt For her They Keep Thinking the sheep are asleep .
Lets do this muchachos, lets do this Trump Train!!! Choo Choo!! Full speed ahead
sorry but you did not hold Hillary to the fire. Many talking points like #Deplorables #Benghazi and security never mention.
An old high school cheer-Be Cool! Be Calm! & Be Collected! We have lots of faith in you! your #BasketOfDeplorables #MAGA
Good Luck
Team of deplorables FTW on deleting tweets! GOOD JOB GUYZ
You said that right, Donald...they are deplorable just like you said. Lying bigots, racist and misogynist(Deplorable)s
we pray he keeps interrupting bc that will kill votes every time
refugee assult = votes
The bitter clinging deplorables from PA support you 100%. First candidate I won't be holding my nose to vote for. #MAGA
Hillar spells Liar Lhy <<- Liar twice. Her parents knew
You proud for being racist
All over     #Respect for Donald J. Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain #TrumpPence16
could we please stop throwing insults and get back to the policies!
Guess they might as well fling poop via Twitter as at their keepers. Good call, clownface.
They're doing a good job at deleting any anti-Trump tweets.
Good luck Mr. President. We are cheering for you. #Debates2016
Yes We are With you.
@BenjySarlin *evening's
deplorables for sure..
Best of luck! We have your back Donald! #MAGA #Debates2016
tear her to shreds. But don't say anything stupid....we need you.
we are all here for you #TrumpTrain  Newt explained perfectly
I am a proud deplorable! #TrumpPence16  #maga #neverhillary
we don't care what the bias media say keep it real D
In other words, desperate damage control LOL. Shitgibbon.
listening to Hillary is a joke she can't deliver anything to America.   Mr. Trump is the answer to Americas pressing needs
I never made any money working for poor people, the U.S. needs wealthy people with drive and vision.
great I am in!
I thought those retards have been managing ur account from the get go..
good luck! You got this! Trump Trump Trump!!!!
stay calm and collected. And knock her out.
Good job from voter searching for a leader & a representative of the PEOPLE who will put USA 1st! TRUMP/Pence 2016. 
Emails, taxes-past birther issues don't matter! Who CAN & WILL do the job in a manner which benefits USA FIRST! Trump 
they're slacking!
correct!! They'll be marching with sheets over their heads to hide themselves. Because they are cowards.
ugh ugh. You are sooooo conceited. 
Fits you so well deplorables.
#ASSHAT ready to rumble!
ask Secretary Clinton how she can talk cyber security while being flippant with sensitive information on a private serve
Hillary is going to get her ass kicked tonight and then she is going to sleep!!
keep your cool and kick her ass!
keep it real and stick to the matters. Praying for you and we need you!
I one of those deplorables who wants to make America Great Again.  Disgusted where the Nation is heading.
why didn't I get this tweet until this morning ? Is twitter sabotaging trump
. This proud deplorable will be watching this very important debate!!
love this debate President Trump keep your cool you got this! Keep America alive !
be civil tonight. Get her good next time around!
you're a loser trump
this is politics and anything goes. You gotta hit her and set aside the respect. There will be plenty of time for that.
Can they read and write?
You and your minions are deplorable.
I am A Proud Deplorable !  #TRUMP2016
#THELYINGBITCHHILLARY
bahahaha. Love it!
good luck with that


Donald Trump choked like a dog.
YOU LOSE! Lol
#LetsDoThis #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
They did a deplorable job!
yaasssss
