hugely unmassive.
did everyone leave with in-handled crotches? If so I would call that a trump success.
@sunnyallamerica Hillary desperate 2win now.8 points down from aweek ago. This news means she's finished.Will MSM cover?
Mr here in our country your picture is not very good but if you want a job uou can go to dance whith stars???
Make sure your vote was recorded get it verified
Trump dynasty has a long pattern of racist behavior
Dear sir. We congratulàte you on your campaign and we wish you would take victory in america. South-Africa behind you.
you ain't real
You are a defeated Arrogant Presidential Candidate. I'm very sorry for you.
Us downunder are particularly scared. I mean... we're at higher than average risk of being groped! #VoteOrGrope #Australia
enjoy Chinese expansion and n Korean nukes. We are out of range
it's about we the people ! Not her !
keep it goin big guy!!!!such an inspiration !!! Let all the garbage go ! You just duck and let all fly !!! Love u !! !
love u !!'n
@billmaher bill, Hope u enjoy the million dollars u gave for HRC
what's going on hmmy Facebook has stopped
We,independent, casted our early vote 4 the Donald. Go mister Trump.
I hope you're registering these people to vote.
Please Go out and Vote for your Voice Donald J. Trump and #MAGA.
I voted for Trump today deplorable Oregon
@mike_pence wow lot of people
@TonyBeavers1
He HAS TO BE our next President!
. Good job last night
Gold Kharma.
#Draintheswamp
Get your vote VERIFIED make sure it was recorded spread the news
It's all a figment of your imagination Donald. Election is on the 28th of November. You told Americans the 28th remember ?
@mike_pence  Going to be GREAT to see TRUMP/PENCE....TRUE LEADERS in USA ...VOTE TRUMP AMERICA... be wise...
Anarchy in the USA !
Knows what he wants & he knows how to get it !
Wants to destroy !
Anarchy ! Cause Don's an Anarchist
Trump is beating the Devil!
what about a demand for Higher pay for law enforcement across the Country? Va officers is the lowest paid in the country
crazy guy
@realDonaldTrump
So proud of Cleveland Ohio my hometown, vote for Donald J Trump
I've never seen so may idiots at one spot. Let's gas em! 
Keep Rockin it out! You got this! Keep up that momentum! 
LOL WHOPPING 100s.  That ought to do it. #DREAMER
make sure you go more states than just Ohio
and TAKE SCREENSHOTS OF YOUR VOTING IF IT CHANGES
just voted #FLForTrump!  Let's do this!
MAGA!

Wonderful!! Amazing!! Go Trump!!!  What a movement!!!
Romney has YUGE crowds
Only in the last week, STUPID
Romney had big crowds  you are such a fool
U arent fit to walk around on this earth! U take up space on this earth that someone else could put to so much better use!!
THAT IX CENTER IS HUGE PEOPLE I MEAN HUGE HOLDS THOUSANDS!
holy shit that's a lot of bigots!
There is just no way she can honestly win. Ur crowds are 10X hers. If she wins it's totally fixed. I leave Rep party 4evr
we know your just a pied Piper for Hillary. Thank you @wikileaks
we love to watch people watching us. Look at those people. They love us because we are the smarttest people in the room
I was there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
we're going to WIN BIG!!!!!!
spreading more hate and lies Donald!  Shameful!
rock and roll!! Get out and vote!! Tell a democrat your right hillary has this wrapped up so why vote
If Clinton wins, I'm buying a gun the next day. Girl has to protect herself!Just TRYto take it from me!
Trump signs everywhere you go in Ohio.  Hardly any Clinton.  If Trump doesn't win Ohio, it's definitely fixed.
i want to be w happy women who are smart and love the fetus.
nasty is as nasty does. Denying it doesn't change the facts.
the woman calling herself nasty is, & unappealing. Some women don't get how nasty they are.
turn out is massive
why don't you bring up California national guard. They shouldn't have to pay back the money.
I just voted!!! Woohoo..
my wife and I have just voted and now we are part of the MOVEMENT!!! Hurray.
Early Voting N Dayton Texas Errybdy Voted Trump-Straight Ticket YankThatR! YankThatR!
YankThatR!
and Hillary can't fill a bathroom    Her rally's are useless
you are doing a great job let's all become American with Christan values
Just want to know you have this Americans Vote. P.S. My Parents are Americans of Puerto Rican, Irish and German Decent.
- and that's ALL the votes you'll get, too.
Ohio should be in the bag for you. They are no dummies there.
wanted to come see you Trump, but ended up in hopital, maybe next time


Looks like half a high-school gymnasium. You're going down, polls going down, support going down. Byebye, Donnie!
GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! !
54 million people will vote before Election Day in this election. 1/3 of all votes cast, and not one will be in person.
Trump is winning. No fooling me
Donald Trump...a massive swelling
https://youtu.be/EEQvsK5w-jY 
Hilary has dead people voting for her and I know it...mail for deceased man checked on truth finder, they have him registe
IN  GOD'S  POWER  YOU  WILL WIN  !!!!!  WE  LOVE  YOU ,  MAKE  AMERICA   GREAT  AGAIN  !!!
Awesome crowd! Also in Pa rallies! Polls use samples that overrepresent Dems by 5-10 %! Ignore them and stay on message.
"massive turnout." must be, like, 1,200 peeps there. SAD. #SAD
on Fox News Sunday they tried to say enthusiasm for Trump is way down & many will stay home. That's pure BS! #TrumpTrain
Thank you for bringing this country together again, to unite and be great. Love thy neighbor as thyself. We want peace.
Volunteered as a Trump Campaign election day observer. #camera #interview #exit #poll #evidence
Cleveland knows you're a joke. They turned up to watch a comedy show
Poll: Clinton 50% Trump 30%... Who the Hell took that Effin poll?! Look at the crowds! VOTETRUMP2016
Liar.

@realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212
Delete your account
some Republicans worry Trump, too, might pursue an "imperial presidency".
NBC/Wall Street Journal poll released a few days before the debate showed women favoring Clinton over @realDonaldTrump by 55% to 35%
@HillaryClinton  has a 55 percent-35 percent lead over Trump among women
Trump's 'nasty woman' remark rallies Clinton voters
poll numbers are casting doubt on his ability to win some traditionally GOP states.
if you still think the polls are right you have something going wrong with your head look at the crowds he get to HRC GETS
It will happen.if DJTis elected, then Obama will pardon Hillary no matter what according to 19th century SCOTUS decision
Stop coming here.
do you ever get embarrassed that u pull mostly huge white crowds? Where is the diversity? That should of been wake up call
. We need to have 1 representative for trump and 1 for clinton at each polling place.  And each watching over the counting.
we cannot trust that our vote will go where we want it because of clintons cheating.  Something must be changed now.
. We need to change how the voting is done, because of how the left is cheating.  We need to go back to paper ballots.
Massive turnout at the Cleveland dumpster fire.
Get out and vote for Trump! Don't believe any figures and polls from any news media.
Turnout at rallies r great but u must do infomercial in an Oval Office setting explaining y u must b Pres. & why HRC can't
you will be President if you stand with Standing Rock!   #NoDAPL   #WaterIsLife
Victory shall be your keep focus. because you are the truth image of the American People. Victory -------------------------
@CNN is really trying to spread lies and disinformation. They are doing their best to try and lower morale of your voters
#CNN #CNNRealityCheck. TRUMP THIS!!!
But the media  have been hiding all this from the people .Think Trump will lose unless he deals with this SCAM
- Much like your tiny hands your crowds are dwindling and so are you presidential hopes. Remember 10,000 people?!  SAD!
Believe your eyes!  It is a movement...Hillary has to provide FREE concert with free food and beer to break 3000.
#LoserDonald Turnouts don't equal votes by a long shot. Bernie had large crowds and look what happened.
rally on Donald!
@HillaryClinton's crowd was bigger. Your flock is diminishing.  This crowd was about as massive as your tiny fingers.
They came to see the freak show.
thanks for showing the crowds the media want us to think the crowds are down
a calm, positive voice to fix the corrupt rigged system in trade, in health, in war, in media, the voice of positive fix.
@clasalle63 @KellyannePolls @megynkelly @Morning_Joe @seanhannity Trump packs them in just like Bernie did!
what a great turnout !!! Maybe @HillaryClinton should take some notes on how to fill a rally!!
lou dobbs reporting 1 in 8 voter fraud regs=18000000
Thank you we really enjoyed your rally! We all love you   #DrainTheSwamp
@mike_pence if the Twitter World votes; HRC can't win!
20,000 at a rally is not 20 million needed to win. Do something to expand the tent, please
if Cubs can pull out a win, so can you. Never underestimate the underdog!
in case you still have not figured it out: voter turnout on 11/8 matters, not rally turnout
wow another sea of people for Trump in Cleveland Ohio this time the people of America are speaking #trump2016 Vote today 
While DJT is pulling record crowds daily, HRC is breaking laws NOW OPENLY!! Seriously, wtf?!  https://www.conservativeoutfitters.com/blogs/news/video-hillary-caught-on-camera-breaking-north-carolina-election-laws … #MAGA
#Hillary looks like a cat, and #Trump looks like a dog.And, we Buddhists are human kind.
#mindfulness #meditation #debate
I Think Kaine Has An EvilAgenda, He Is Hopeful That Hillary Wont Finished HerTerm,ThenHeWill BecomePresident, A Free Ride

Keep the faith. Stand united. The other side is vicious.
WE,THE PEOPLE,THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING YOU ARE DOING IN HELPING AMERICANS TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK!GOD BLESS YOU,Mr. TRUMP!!
Amen Donald, you go, America is behind you !00%!
@AWeibs25 Can't you get a lawyer to do something about Hilary breaking the law again; you do not want any could of shouldof
@DonaldJTrumpJr  @realDonaldTrump Nuestro Presidente de los EE.UU 2016 Donald Trump
msm never shows the size of the crowds...never accepts that this isn't just an election, it is a movement of Americans
@DanScavino We Love Trump!!!!!!!!!
The first time I registered to vote since I became the US citizen 25 years ago.   I'll vote for Mr. Donald J. Trump
@AKAnowhere
kisses
Where are the tax returns?
Of 100 attendees surveyed at this rally, only 44 were registered to vote.
great crowd....the people in Hong Kong are with you...
@alysenwonderlnd Trump rally OH
What is so massive about this?
.@michaelcohen212 proves #NoLowIsTooLow http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-naacp_us_580ac881e4b000d0b156e6e2?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … By @christinawilkie
Per: http://Breibart.com  attendance was 30,000 - Average for @HillaryClinton rally = 380

http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/10/22/donald-trump-promises-30000-rally-goers-ohio-will-fix-america/ …
Come on guys, you can do this
MSM never shows these huge rally crowds!
11/28*
that's the biggest crowd you could get? You know they can fit an entire amusement park in there, right?
Thank you immensely for taking a bold stand 
THEN WIN !!
SHARE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-R7A3Qz60tQ …
why should they bother voting? You already told us all it's rigged.
WOW!! WHAT A GREAT TURNOUT!! OHIO FOR TRUMP!!
Cleveland Rocks!
@kingdonomics https://youtu.be/7g37kl9EtlY 


LOSER
I've seen bigger crowds at high school swim meets #loser
I am a WOMEN & I TRUST TRUMP 
Bravo!! Ohio knows who will take America forward and make it
greater than ever before!
LOOK AT THIS CROWD!!! Now, compare that with what's she's paid to show up at her events! NO WAY
IN HELL POLLS ARE RIGHT! ;)
