Haha Haha, it's true! Hilary got the popular vote, but they didn't count ALL the votes. You won because of people making errors.
The idiot who claims without any evidence that he was cheated expects those who aren't convinced to prove he is wrong. @realDonaldTrump
it will be proven 3 million illegals voted 100% Hillary #fakenews Trust @SmythRadio @PrisonPlanet
bitch you've got no evidence to back up 99% of what you say. Facts are not your friend.
@protesting2016 @FiIibuster @jeffzeleny speaking of yourself in third person now? Psych evaluation please

Where's your sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did suffer from voter fraud?
I said it before I'll say it again CA was called at 8 o'clock we have paper ballots totally corrupt
Yep & those ballots could be post marked up until Nov 8th
I have #NoSufficientEvidence that Donald Trump did not give Mitt Romney a handy last night.


.@realDonaldTrump I am very sad for my family and for my community that you now represent us.  Get off Twitter and get to work.
.@realDonaldTrump  you are retweeting a 16 year old @FiIibuster with 500 followers as your news source and confirmation of your beliefs.
Oh baby Donald, still struggling with the English language. Double negatives. #NoMandateTrump
what evidence do you have that you're not a citrus fruit? Until I see some, I will stand resolute that you are an orange.
Why else would Obama assure illegal voters they would not be prosecuted?

@cvpayne @LouDobbs

RT
O has control of every department that would arrest them.
what exactly is wrong W/retweeting a 16 yr.old? Does his opinion not matter? Trump is HIS PRESIDENT 2. #PEOTUS
you are a fraud Trump. U rigged the election with your man Putin.
Learn what "Burden of Proof" is.  I know Trump & Republicans eschew science & reason @jeffzeleny
wrong.
why do you speak in 3rd person? That's crazy...Oh yeah, you're crazy! I keep forgetting that.
@russmove @FiIibuster @jeffzeleny we all know the truth anyway!! You won by landslide even though DNC tried to steal it
you sound like you're talking to a dog. I can't wait till karma catches up with you. Bad! Bad orangutan!

shouldn't Donald Trump be busy preparing for his new role? Not yet graduated from high school?
You have no evidence that millions of illegals voted for Hillary but you still say they did.
can you prove that invisible elephants don't exist?
the only fraud is you. Not millions of illegal votes. Just millions of fools who voted for you.
They don't need evidence you didn't suffer voter fraud. U are the 1 who needs evidence that you did
Why not have two secretaries of State? One for Europe / Mideast, and the other for the Pacific Rim. (Or some other split)
Too much whining!  Stop complaining about things being "unfair" and pull up your big boy pants.
#NarcissisticPersonalityDisorder @realDonaldTrump you have this. Might want to get it checked out
Then push for a recount of CA, VA and NH.  You claim #voterfraud, prove it.
You sound like you are scolding a child- BAD REPORTER. Grow up! Act like a POTUS elect
....what kind of supposed president plays on twitter?..
One that isn't doing his job
You have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump knows what "sufficient" means.
Since when is sufficient evidence been the metric by which you measure your statements?
1) You also can't disprove that magical fairies aren't controlling your every thought and action.
2) My point being that anything can be believed as possible if burden of proof is to disprove.
this was posted on my birthday!
@protesting2016 @FiIibuster @jeffzeleny -Stupid Trump, one can't find "evidence" where there isn't any!
GET CLIP of OBAMA  WHISPERING TO PUTUN  HE CAN DO MORE 4 HIM AFTER HIS VOTED IN FOR HIS 2cD TERM
Trump logic you have no evidence voter fraud didn't happen so it did. This flawed logic is Trump!
Pathetic - you have ZERO evidence that Donald Trump suffered from voter fraud! SAD! Bad President.
i totally agree big man...lol
#notmypresident
I'D SAY THE FACT THAT YOU "WON" THIS ELECTION IS 100% PROOF OF VOTER FRAUD.  THIS JOB IS NOT "THE APPRENTICE". RESIGN!
All the more reason for hand recounts, lets make sure we have Election Security in the U.S.
The evidence : 
OBAMA TELLS ILLEGALS IT'S OK FOR THEM TO VOTE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVR1ZrR0Iu4 …
Bad President elect! Shame to you and your cabinet of deplorables!
I am pretty sure he's doing his job better than you are doing yours!
it was obvious that fraud occurred.  By the millions of votes.   Time to fix the broken system.
Talking of yourself in #ThirdPerson @realDonaldTrump? Tweeting to a #Teen? Is that her #Digital #Pussy #Grab? #MAGA
, Pathetic: you can't prove that Drumpf isn't a Russian spy! Shame! Stay in school, Jeff.
you are the pathetic one - your ego can't stand that YOU DID NOT WIN POP VOTE #NoMandateTrump
let's see the evidence that there was voter fraud...
so you &Mr.Pence are stealing $700,00 from the state of Indiana to keep jobs at carrier great job !!!
Really? @realDonaldTrump, take a minute and google "Onus probandi".  @FiIibuster @jeffzeleny
@dkrwilliams @FiIibuster @jeffzeleny President Trump is again correct! Without illegal vote he would have the popular vote!
Mr. POTUS Trump, EVERYTHING that has to do w/#HillaryClinton is corrupt! #MAGA
great tweet
Shouldn't you be focusing on the country? Leave the reporters alone.
It's true. PEOTUS has proof of voter fraud - he can produce it anytime you want.
Supports PEOTUS Trump's Claim on Illegal Voters http://bit.ly/2gOXo95   via @BreitbartNews
You made the claim, what's your proof? How about focusing on actually doing your job #wrong
And you have no evidence that he did. Bad tweet
oh yeah you suffered real bad. #NotMyPresidentElect #whygodwhy # makedonalddrumphagain #whothefuckisthisguy #gobacktoqueens
Why is @realDonaldTrump talking in third person?
won poorly,does irreparable damage 2USA on hisway2 WhiteHouse,encourages lack of faith in Democracy
these Liberals are shaking in their boots look at the political map almost pushed off into the sea!
perfect example, when u speak  n 3rd person about self, it's a red flag 4 ur personality disorder
You're fucking kidding. The cheating was yours, 100s or 1000s voters purged more than margin you won by #NOTMYPRESIDENT
Huh? I think it goes the other way, YOU support the claim YOU make. You sound like a teenager!
you have no sufficient evidence that you suffered from voter fraud #Trumperdink #trumptantrum
Sorest winner ever.  You are embarrassing.
If we let his batteries run out will he stop tweeting?
waaaaa, Trump so angry he lose popular vote! Not fair! Trump throw tantrum!
Wow you RT a 16 yr. old that lacks the logic gene. Prove to me your not a bank robber. @FiIibuster @jeffzeleny
Jeff -- I'd frame this tweet! He's #toodumbtobeourpresident
What evidence do u have that there was voter fraud. Please behave like POTUS!! #MAGA
@FrenchForTrump @FiIibuster @jeffzeleny Neighbor showed me fake cards.
they did a recount. You said it yourself PREPOTUS the system was rigged. We got you guy.
I'm member of my elections board. Go any NC BOE & ask see undeliverable sameday reg cards! Fraud!
Do you get all your info from 16 yr olds #deplorabledonald?  smh...
Nice rhetorical device, but you can't prove a negative.
#DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Burden of proof lies with the accuser... Heir Cheeto must supply proof, not the journalists.
talking about yourself in third person? Crazy much?
So, DJT, U made a claim for which you can't back up and NOW YOU HAVE ADMITTED It, by asking 4PROOF
OH WOW cuckoo Orange cray is now talking in the third party .He needs psychiatric help
Quit tweeting. You should be #ashamed
No, Mr. President-elect... You need to prove there was fraud, not the other way around.
And u have zero evidence that u did. If u  have anything besides your lying big mouth, where is it?
Ok, Barron, put down your Dad's twitter. Ya making him look the fool again.
#WalkingTheDog 

And that tweet right there further proves that America in you is suffering its greatest fraud.
honestly it makes me so uncomfortable when you tweet in third person plz stop
YOU, tiny handed tyrant, have NO evidence. So why are you saying there is no doubt? You should be ashamed but- narcissism.
did a drunk toddler write this while having a seizure? Christ Almighty, take the wheel Lord.
Like people, the voting system is innocent until PROVEN guilty. The DNC waited for proof first.
National Enquirer vetts their stories and has more credibility because of it
these bad reporters should have consequences like huge fines then they'd think
But #Trump we have a lot of evidence that you are a con & a bully. #America will stop you. #POTUS
move along..nothing here. Right?
@Trumpwinner @FiIibuster @jeffzeleny <<~ can't expect any different from the Clinton News Network.
COLE FOR THEIR STOCKINGS 
WE HAVE PLENTY TO GO AROUND THE HOLIDAY TREE
OURS IS A CHRIST MASS TREE!
AND PLENTY OF ROSARIES HUNG ON THE TREE
BECAUSE IT CARRIES THE POWER OF ALMIGHTY GOD
grammer much

Subpoena, indictment, what all these ridiculous terms means when Mueller cannot take action against a President? That is the bottom line, everything else is just a leftist masturbation.
BAD DOG, BAD DOG!  @potus shit on the @whitehouse floor again and resents having to clean it up.
have you been to your daily intelligence briefing today?
that's called shifting the burden fallacy. Typical moronic staffers.
: USA has no sufficient evidence that DJT was not compromised by Russians due to his ... whatever.
insufficient evidence! (Next tweet: voter fraud 4 hillary! *Ummm no evidence needed)
wink wink.
Pathetic, double negatives, illiterate moron #learntoreadandwrite
Pffft, You're shifting the burden of evidence on the accused.

The burden of proof is on the accuser; that's you, Donald. So what's you're proof?
really suffer ,how would he ever suffer
He has everything . suffer my ass
lololol good one Donnie,  the old "you say it didn't happen...do you have any proof it didn't???"
.@realDonaldTrump @FiIibuster @jeffzeleny shame!  bad president-elect.
On the other hand, your press is always honest, unbiased, & forthright:  
https://youtu.be/ND1JigR8dwY 
Fireworks 5 cent on the dollar ,that was hilarious.
N CA U can buy credentials for $130 and U can bet most illegals with those vote.
get the news clip if Obama whispering to Putun!!!
The best defense is a good offense! Being offensive is even better!
you were quoted by @BBC
Donald Trump suffers from stupidity-- this tweet is proof of that.
Were you drunk when you posted this mess? How can one have evidence that something didn't happen?
YOU CAN'T PROVE A NEGATIVE! Watch... prove Trump doesn't feed on the blood of virgins.
oh shit...he's already talking to the media like they respond to dog commands #WereGonnaBeFine
@jeffzelenyt Imagine  what HE would be saying about the 'rigged' election if he lost the electoral votes.
#stoptweetingandstartleading
@HillaryClinton @CNNPolitics ONLY VOTER FRAUD IS COMING FROM U. SO DID U GET THE DEAD TO VOTE FOR U
.-typical to report in a way to give slant....MSM. Unacceptable.
I would have to say that Melania's campaign against online bullying has not had much impact yet.
You have no evidence you did, you narcissistic orange comb-over. How about an audit in each state?
I guess u winning the election isnt sufficient evidence.  #popularvote #majoritydidntwantu
lets audit the vote in all 50 states
Look,in every state WHERE voter I.D. is required B.O. and Hitlery could NOT win a state where rules
President Elect it's unseemly for someone with your power and responsibility to personally attack.
actually they do
Voter fraud? Bad reporter? Please, go to school kid and do some of that fancy "book learning".
you have NO PROOF THAT YOU DID!
the one who should be ashamed is you. U stated rigged, u and Putin rigged it
no voter fraud, a MAJORITY OF NEARLY THREE MILLION PEOPLE we chose to #MAGA by voting against YOU
RECOUNT
yep! To the liberals! Americans First!
I would say the fact you won the election is proof enough.  Is it hard being so insecure?
such a mature response from our president elect.Trump thicken your skin, ignore some things, you will look more confident.
"...the 2016 election was *not* tainted by fraud or mistake."  YOUR LAWYERS #liar
THIS IS ALL STUPID
DJT suffers from many things, voter fraud is not one of them.
jesu, you are fuckign insane, dude.  Step aside.  It's not too late
Do you have any proof it happened ?
you do suffer from other things....NPD  for sure.
That's not how evidence works.
Trump, you can't throw shit against the wall and then say "prove it's not true." Nonsense!
Following a kid around?  Not a good look for someone who has already said 12 year olds turn him on
Youre actually correct
As a businessman U know U got only 35% of the final votes=35% overall votes
Russia claimed they hacked the systems ... there's your evidence
maybe we need a massive recount? any of your staff watching what you tweet? ur unsupervised 2 much.
Bad businessman Bad president-elect bad person Donald J Chump
It isn't okay to propagate misinformation Donald.  It doesn't make it true.  Time for you to act like an adult.
#trumpisahypocrite #trumpsaidso
can't you let anything go! 5th grade president
pfffft fail
Pathetic. You have no evidence at all that there was ANY vote fraud.  U R just butt hurt. LOL
@realDonaldTrump @FiIibuster @jeffzeleny
Do you know how chikdish you sound Donald. You are Pathetic. #CNN
