TRUMP KNOWS HOW TO BUILD THIS:   http://www.trump.com/real-estate-portfolio--WHAT … HAS HILLARY EVER BUILT?
http://www.trump.com/real-estate-portfolio …
The five media anti Trump organisations are CNN, MSNBC and Washington post + Yahoo News and NY times!!
Did you put something filthy out there?
if it's true, thank God!! Bankruptcy and prison for you within two years America will then be great again
No Mr. President it not #MAGA #MASA Keep up the good fight, They CANNOT and will not win. WE HAVE THE NUMBERS
I see one true sign of #America but I can't make out his face. Could it be our #POTUS @realdonaldtrump TY Expose #corrption
can't believe egghead, libtard, leftist,  money Giants have decided to ignore the Will of half of America!!
Is Bill O going to be on your new network??!  Old men yelling are always so great. So insightful.
I'll take an old man yelling than an old woman yelling any day!!
you are our last and only chance. If you don't win it will be a #riggedsystem from here on out

Well, if you hate it so much...
RETWEET this! Effing dirtballs
just another conspiracy@whinylittlebitch
before it's too late because you know he's going to do some real nasty s*** before he gets out and really f***** it up good
's Trump
@RogerJStoneJr @RealAlexJones @StevePieczenik 
Mr Trump
More than ever, we have to take our country back.
No longer USA
I did thanks
Hillary's America will be a very dark place. A matrix of behind close doors secret meetings deciding our fate.
@TeamTrump @NetworksManager Bill O' Reilly, "Corporations Order NO Media Support for Trump!" WOW!
@60kolex USA is a Country of the People for the People by the People!
@Nascar_Tom ALL TRUE PATRIOTIC AMERICANS THIS IS THE TIME TO VOTE! #Trump2016 #MAGA
Bill he's such a sexist and bigot You & Bill like that "locker room" talkit got Bill named in that sexual lawsuit
@doomentio :v Los politicos y sus tonterías
globalist don't want America #great again!!
Muslims woman get job at Catholic school and sues because she can not wear the vail -https://youtu.be/7DLQdDy9m3U  via @YouTube
if you become become president
What 30 minutes were you watching...he was a loser from the moment he stepped into the room and he knew it...
what WOW
Because I'm sure Fox is just thick with Clinton supporters.
That's why @greta left. @seanhannity @LouDobbs @IngrahamAngle @oreillyfactor All trying 2 save usa
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-recorded-having-extremely-lewd-conversation-about-women-in-2005/2016/10/07/3b9ce776-8cb4-11e6-bf8a-3d26847eeed4_story.html …
wow
@oreillyfactor pushing mote crazy conspiracy theories without any proof whatsoever to back them up #Irresponsable #Election
how does B Clinton, earning government salaries, end up w $80 million. Just ask'n.  2/2
u need to focus on ur next case rapist.
you lost Trump, accept that jerk......

Sorry, but most Americans read and research things know this whole list is just a bullshit lie
Here is the list with links on each topic. Prove it ain't true.
@nytimes lol, where in the hell did you find that list?
Yeah, it's weird that a bigot like O'Reilly can reach so high.
unfortunately it is true, special interest control it all and probably have for some time. Social media has made it clear!
it is one of the worst cases of jealousy I have ever seen. They are jealous you made it this far, we love you!

and.....Ailes told Fox to support you!!  So your point is what??
Ailes told Fox employees to destroy Marco Rubio during the primaries.
I am saddened by those who choose to deceive themselves and follow Trump, even in the face of his own words.
I despise the women who vote for Hillary.
-@oreillyfactor says news media organizations firing anyone who supports Trump.
Haven't heard of too many getting the boot,good soldiers willing to screw us
You will put America First, unlike the globalist shill Hillary! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
this is why I support Donald Trump. He's everything a leader should be. With the people, FOR the people! #MAGA
You're mentally ill.
She doesn't show up to any of her rallies anymore! She's not even trying anymore! #BigLeagueTruth
in the words of Donald "Wrong"
Bill O'Reilly Is Full Of Shit! Hillary won All 90 Minutes. Everybody Knows That! @CNN Poll Clinton57 Trump34
Clinton didn't win .When Hillary saw those woman Bill abused she looked like a deer in the head lights.
I know Bill look like he saw a ghost!
Fox news is as bad as CNN, some of the host on the Five today said you never had a chance of winning the election
fox news was never part of the home team. Also Huffington post is a bigger joke than NYTimes
we LOVE YOU SO MUCH PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP!  #PodestaEmails2
we despise everything about you Donald http://edition.cnn.com/videos/world/2016/10/10/russia-military-moves-europe-syria-labott-tsr.cnn …  #RapistTrump is responsible for new Cold War
Don't think I've ever encountered someone suffering from brain damage as badly as you.
I can only take that as a compliment from a #Deplorable #Reprehensible 
Are you sure that's not just more of your cognitive bias?
You're very lightweight for such a grubby chubster
Better than being a cuck.
it's not though, it's actually #notokay
Too funny,  the world say you blew the first 30 min. But RWNJs find it the best. You were a rambling lunatic.
America people are with you Donald
Absolutely we are!
The only media organization ever PROVEN to give partisan directives to staff is Fox. That is the unvarnished truth.
You just might be the most ignorant human alive!
.@realDonaldTrump a completely unsubstantiated lie from Bill O'Reilly promoted by Donald Trump for @FoxNews ... Who is surprised?
@carmen42 Bill seems to be facing his own sexual misconduct accusation. He might just want to focus on that.
No matter what he did or not do, the GOP will keep him relevant. They're afraid of Hillary relentless fight #ImWithHer
They better be afraid of the American voters. #IMWITHHER It's time to take the house and senate back.
I'm with you. Unless we help turning the Congress Blue, they will block & impede everything Hillary tries to accomplish
That's why Ryan is scrambling. Hold the house and senate so they can hold the president hostage
sadly it could happen. In Florida we're besieged 24/7 with ads of Republicans specially Marco Rubio at least 4 an hour
Rubio has yet to comment on Trump breaking the Cuban trade embargo and has not denounced him.
terrible that you exist
Sorry I never met you on my 3 tours in Iraq.
Me neither , you would've been dead
Don't think so, i enjoyed the tours especially the first one in 03. You a freak. #terroists
Who's a terrorist you're the one killing. Its called defending my land from terrorists like you
Stop radical terrorists moron
Iraq had no terrorists before the invasion you dumb cunt , you created them & you will pay now
How can you afford the Internet. I see library. The terrorists was already there that is why Hussein was killing them.

2spooky4me
unbelievable #TrumpPence #MAGA
He is wrong we won the debate she looks so small, weak and defensive all the time.
So Sad. It's like what I saw once on a mission trip to China. Total propaganda control of the media by corrupt government.
Who wants a cretin for president?
maybe they are not supporting you because nobody really likes you.
I've always wanted to ask, but when you do the spray tan  thing to you ever accidentally open your eyes and see orange?
stand with Trump anyways when in office he'll handle the corporate media
oooookkkkkk...whateverrrrr
America changed , hope you win .
We as people can change with you. Mrs Clinton don't care about the people she cares about your pay. KEEP MOVING TRUMP
Our Nation has turned to EVIL. 90% of Christian Evangelicals WANT Trump. Time to find another country but WHERE?
I think Donald Trump won the entire second debate.
You had plenty of FREE media support the last year!!  Tht ws ur boost u needed, now "being u" is dooming you!!  
Don't like it? Take your OWN advice and leave! That is, if any where else will accept you!
Those rare 66 secs when Bill O' Reilly finally made it to sayin' some Truth...@realDonaldTrump
this is disgusting and the corruption needs to stop. I will never support these organizations ever again.
but lost the rest of it
stay the course
un-frigging believable
you just kept cruising faster and faster in that 2nd one.. It was so necessary
Trump won gorilla imitation competition and breathing noise contest.
@AJDelgado13 He won whole debate!!
that's pure and simple b******* especially coming from somebody like a Riley no credibility fake News Network joke
yea and I'm sure that applies to @FoxNews big corporations control our news that's what created you! #dumpTrump #neverTrump
@oreillyfactor  WE TRUMP supporters have had enough of this guy and are calling for a BOYCOTT of him.
It is terrible that he LIED about you winning anything but the scum bag vote.
look who and what you are.  Enough said!
Terrible = your candidacy.
Any republican could beat HC. Step down support Pence. U have no chance; disgraced on many fronts
you are making so easy for them, can't even say I AM SORRY!!! REPUBLICAN WHITE FEMALE UNDECIDED NOW
.@realDonaldTrump #bullshit #excuses "Can't say who they are..."
actually more than that Bill

I wonder if you and Bill O'Reilly get together and talk about how to sexually assault women
Great new poll! Thank you!
Yup!  Nobody wants you.. we have been twitting to the media and changing the channel when they cover your boring rallies
@oreillyfactor says it and offers no proof. Just like you! #manbaby
dt, the real polls r showing the girl with a HUGE lead over u today. 538 has u @ a 20% chance 2 win race #DJTbatcrapcrazy
Too many in this country have become entitled, overly sensitive,& easily offended. Maybe We've traded patriots 4 pacifists?
and??
@HillaryClinton Collusion, in bed with @CNN @CNNPolitics
O'Reilly has just placed fair and balanced back into Fox. Bold.
Bill O'Reilly has been wrong about you from the very beginning. He has no credibility.

Wow Much respect to O'Reilly here. He's a stand up guy
O Riley is two faced What an ass I think he's a Killary lover. Watch your back.
Wow!
 Its a conspiracy! "They" told people not to support Trump and those people listened!  Naw - we knew better. Dump Trump
.@realDonaldTrump No, but spreading lies about non-existent voter fraud in states where you will loose bigly IS terrible!
The answer is no, this is not really America. Its the paranoid minds of ignorant, frightened, misogynists.
You don't know America. Threatened to put HRC in jail. You don't belong here.
The Feds passed an illegal, unconstitutional law, that they can censor, lie & dictate U.S. news. Obama's controls the news.
This is true.
what debate did you guys watch right out of the gate instead of going with real issues and policies he took the low road
This isn't who we are.
thank god this is america !! You havent poison the media yet
its obvious this has been happening for months
.@realDonaldTrump Scary! I pray Americans are intelligent enough to understand what this means and where it leads! U r running against evil!
you know what you should do? Call Hannity.
Trump sucks
and the same is said at @FoxNews You all suck.
noone takes O'Reilly seriously apart from your sheep
yeah as if you have won :)))
That's because they are smart
aka "I hear rumors that people will be fired from voting Trump." What a load of bullshit. As much bs like Trump spews.
O'Reilly has gone over to the dark side- don't watch him anymore.
From the East to the West, my entire family supports DONALD TRUMP!  Take down the evil empire! The Revolution LIVES! @realDonaldTrump
"Can you say 'Devil-worshiping international media conglomerate'?" - Lloyd Kaufman, head of Troma Entertainment
he is destoring his self
Your buddy is doing this for you. He was an honest man till you got hold of him. All hogwash1
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Listened to it ALL - what concerns me is that NOW 
UNLESS something new surfaces - we may be stuck with Hillbill a TRAGEDY
Corporate Grapevine to Media...Ordered To Destroy Trump..NOT ON MY WATCH!
Its sickening. After this election, I'll be registered as an independent. The @GOP has proven to be worse than the Dems.
True though supporting you is like smoking it shows lack of reasoning ability.
Bill O'Reilly is the most extreme right-wing bigoted racist in the history of Fox News
a vast conspiracy with no proof. #foh
fat
"I can't say who they are cause I don't have it nailed down, but I can say 100% say 3 organisations...". . You fools
DON WITH SO MUCH FODDER & ISSUES AT HAND,IF YOU CANT PROSECUTE HILLARY WITH CALMNESS&POISE, YOU WILL GO DOWN AS ROMNEY JR!!
TALK ISSUES DON..ISSUES AMERICA CARES ABOUT,DO NOT LET HER DISTRACT YOU INTO MUD FIGHT!IF YOU PROSECUTE HER ON ISSUES,TOAST
STAY CALM,POISED LIKE  MIKE PENCE!HE&HER MAFIA JOB IS TO DRAG U INTO MUD FIGHT!DO NOT TAKE THE ENDLESS BAITS!ISSUE NAIL HER
I think Donald won the debate. And do dome ads with your "mini" trump! Too Cute!!
some not dome
@ABC @NBC @CBS #America HATES DICKtators, esp. an Employer..Won't be watching "Voting" can't FORCE them 2 vote #Killary
of course you are losing so now it is not fair!! Man child get used to the fact - you are going to lose HUGE!
Hey, O-Reilly, how's that Chinatown joke going?
-  crazy!
Their career is done if they support you because nobody will ever, ever forgive them, or let them forget it.

why aren't you sending this to CNN? :-)
wow
orielly is an idot
"I can't prove it and don't have it nailed down, but I'm 100% sure..."

Your candidacy in a nutshell.
Without sources, without OReilly actually naming these networks, this is just hearsay
I'm afraid this REALLY  is America and millions of people are starting to find out how corrupt it really is !!
disgusting that's the only way they can get him but he's going to be our president just the same
America has your back. The media is useless. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
WOW, that's beyond sick! Glad O'Reilly shared that info! Poor America!
http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/09/10/exposed-fbi-director-james-comeys-clinton-foundation-connection/ …
seriously the Clintons are bringing" the sex crazed poodle on board??
Hearsay lmfao
TRUMP 4 the people, media & establishment 4 elites
more people need to out this corruption

it is such a shame when our media people that are to give the news and be unbiased. An do not report new just made up story
trying to be intimidating is not winning
CNN is the Clinton News Network. Everyone knows.
O'Reilly thinks his opinion is the only correct one!
I believe this 100% and I will continue to pray for our country and Donald Trump
In Trump's mold, O'Reilly fails to support his assertions with proof, knowing that baseless  doubt will convince millions.
nice propaganda.
