How is that when you ain't paid taxes in 20 years.  But you ridin' around on federal roads - u're the real welfare queen
I think he's written off quite a bit. As I do. But I didn't see he didn't pay taxes for 20 yrs? Where u C that?
sorry $900 million
Did you know @AppStore 181 BILLION!! they didn't pay for same. Right offs. Guess Apple eats out quite a bit!
they aren't running for President & bragging that they are smart for not paying taxes
yeah. I just get the write offs. ONLY because we own 2 businesses we started from 0! Nothing. But that's a lot!
Trump started from money. He does not have a feel good pull ur self up by ur bootstraps story #privilege
not us. We took out a refi! Worked from nothing to success but it's 24/7. Finally the Hubs knows whose Boss
fix it? So that you pay less and we stay broke? You know who also doesn't pay taxes? Illegal immigrants.
So we should trust the criminals to wipe out the very thing that has allowed them to profit? Pay your fair share you "taker
clusterfk for $500
@SheriffClarke   Lol, trump you take every loophole to not pay taxes.  #unAmerican #releaseYourTaxes
As anyone owning a business would do is take advantage of all legal loopholes duh!! Clearly it's not an entrepreneur that faults Trump!

Trump's tax attorney: 'He didn't understand the code' http://nbcnews.to/2dJRK85  
In other words he cheated on his taxes.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
Can you teach everyone how not to pay taxes like you????
Show America your ..
Some people say you can't learn anything frm tax returns. Not me, but some people. (IDIOT)

FOH
yes and it's a shame u k own u didn't pay disgraceful.
yep, DonTheCon is going to close the loop hole to Panama where he launder's HIS money along with Putin.
Seriously??
...what ONE thing, donnie, do you NOT know "better than anyone who has ever run for President"... Wild A R R O G A N C E !
I guess that's true if you can avoid paying them for 18 years
This is another lib distraction. Focus on the issues that matter to Americans who support you. You've got the Presidency @realDonaldTrump
you are a dead beat, you don't pay taxes, you don't help support Anerica, and guess what we are great without your help
Yeah and you've been making them work for you for years on the backs of the little people. #trumpedupliar
Pay your share of Taxes.  Hope you sue.. SO AMERICA CAN KNOW THE TRUTH.
#cnn fix it for whom? The 1%. That's so hopeful. Not. Fool
 I think you're insane...
Fucktard career politicians wrote the tax laws Trump used 2 avoid taxes LEGALLY. Dont blame Trump blame #careerpoliticians
why would you fix them if you can continue  to freeload off of the rest of us?
1 billion dollar loss! Pathetic.
yeah Henry fords two companies failed to. It's where you end up that matters. Wait til Wednesday HRC is done
Of course you would say that, wouldn't you?
WTF is wrong with you?! #WeThePeople don't care if @HillaryClinton cheated on @billclinton PLEASE talk ISSUES!!! #hadenough
How can Trump fix tax laws when he never paid taxes?
@nytimes that pretty much sounds like an admission to not paying taxes...... #notsuitableforoffice
not paying any more taxes than legally required. Do you pay more then legally required?
you should really learn the difference between than and then. Greetings from Germany.
you are a cheater.....nothing more. Why else would you be under audit all the time??? #TrumpCheater
you pay nothing for our service men &women nothing for our vets nothing for America that you want to http://lead.You  sir suck
, sure fix them to your advantage. We are on to you!!!
My accountant, Mr. Jack Mitnick, says I have no clue about tax laws. Ivana was more interested in taxes than me. VERY BAD! @realDonaldTrump

you said our country was a Mess, but all the things you complained about are funded by TAX PAYERS! #LastTimeTrumpPaidTaxes
You LOST all that money & you want to run our economy? Loser.
Why, because you BROKE all of them? Hahahaha. LOSER!
you r the loser this man is so update in his taxes he has been audit for 12 years it means everything is in order
Today would be a good day to release your tax returns @realDonaldTrump. Better late than never.
http://www.redstate.com/dan_mclaughlin/2014/09/13/democratic-party-proud-history-slavery-segregation/ …
Why is this info not known by the African American population?
knows tax laws "better than anyone". It's why he hasn't paid taxes in years. No incentive to fix the system. Con man Donald
in your favor undoubtedly.  So you can hire more foreign workers. You can't be trusted.
actually he never called her fat he tried to help her then she stabbed him in the back and goes for Hillary
I don't care about your taxes what I do care about is the $6  billion of missing tax payer money.
@Hisladydiana @realDonaldTrump Hillary doesn't realize the American ppl understand tax write offs lol She really is stupid
it was a portion of his state.   First I would sue because of privacy act reasons.
Hello @realDonaldTrump Today would be a great day to release your tax returns
Nervous @realDonaldTrump?.. having troubling tagging @nytimes?
The @realDonaldTrump is upset that someone in Trump tower leaked his 1995 tax records showing he lost almost $1 billion in one yr @nytimes
well he is still a billionaire how about you?
>>@rebelwitacauz I've paid more income tax than @realDonaldTrump

@nytimes
why didn't Bill Clinton and Obama change the tax code? Because their big donors do the same thing
Because the Republican congresses would not let them.
ummm what about Obamas executive orders?? He could have used that
that's why you paid no taxes, while the middle class suffered? I pay mine, & I'm barely scraping by.  You are awful
how many full time middle class jobs did you create. Trump Org currently employs 30k
i created a charity that actually helps people.  But i bet you created so many jobs too
every veteran deserve upmost respect. There was no name calling between him and i, just discussion.
I'm a veteran also , so ill say what I wish without your permission. Bill Clinton fucked our military
in peace time, there's always a drawing down.
we going church then hindu temple to pray for you so you can use our spiritual energy to overcome any obstacles & MAGA
that's a disgrace to all forms of religion
Ben that means you are not very smart. Google some of Hillary's past for about 30 years then make statement
Ben don't forget to Google your woman Hillary so you can be up to date with & about her
we will agree to disagree I guess but I don't understand your Logic about Trump being worse than Hillary.....
will respect your opinion but totally 100% disagree. Hillary has 0 leadership quality that has been proven
But you still won't release your tax records from the past 19 years. #DumbDonald
dumb anyone who suports Law Breaking Hillary
That's not what your tax attorney says
Seems like you wouldn't have had to scrap your tax plan if this were actually true. But nothing you say is true. Admit it: YOU HAVE NO PLAN.
Where's your tax returns? What are you hiding?  Russian connections? Money laundering? You're not as rich as you say ?
#showyourtaxesdonald
You've got NO clue about our tax laws. You just sign the Returns that are put in front of you by your Accountants/Attorney.
Flying With pickles when their tender
THIS one's a beaut. Ridiculous standard. #ridiculoustrump @POTUS #Liar #VillageIdiot You didn't even know healthcare was that hard. LMAO
That!! I believe with all my heart Mr Trump. Do it sir, fix it Sir MR President. Bronson.
Does that mean that WE don't have to pay taxes anymore, like yourself?
Please make a revision to cryptocurrency in the tax code, youll be killing allot of entrepreneurs with the way it is now whod love to do nothing more than support our country. #served#votedtrump
Then show us through experience. Lets sayyyy, your tax returns!
You don't and you're not.
/ you can't fix anything - not paying your taxes is failing
You do not know them better than the experts.  You are best at breaking things.
Your tax lawyers know the laws, you just sign on the bottom line.
Wow if you're so smart, figure yours' out and make it public.  Just remember 5+4+9
Show us your taxes!
Anyone who says they believe that is either a liar or a fool.
on what logical basis do you say that?
#BillsRapes
#ClintonCorruption
Anyone who loses nearly a BILLION dollars in ONE YEAR cannot claim to be successful.

@realDonaldTrump is a colossal #failure 

@suzydymna
You CLEARLY don't know how business & entrepreneurs work, now worth $10Billion with MANY valuable assets
You don't know that. There is zero corroborating evidence.
We DO know that his charity is other people's $$$$.

@suzydymna @realDonaldTrump
While #ClintonnCorruption stole 94% money donate for #Haiti & people like you support this? DISGUSTING
Complete and utter #rightwing #conspiracy BS.

Try to find that on an unbiased source.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/06/13/did-the-clinton-foundation-raise-hundreds-of-millions-of-dollars-for-a-hospital-in-haiti-that-was-never-built/ …

@suzydymna
#WaPo UNBIASED? Now you are in it's the Russians & green cartoon frog territory. Why #Libs so easily deluded by gangsters?
9 times Trump chided groups for not paying their fair share of taxes. When he has paid ZERO. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/03/us/politics/trump-taxes-twitter.html?_r=0 …
Donald's tax plan fixes the loophole HE used to pay 0 taxes.  Drop tax rate to 15%, and no estate tax, ends the loopholes!
Go away. You are NOT credible
your one and only comment when Hillary tries to attack you about taxes is "I followed the law Did you Hillary?"#MAGA
"He bought a yacht for $29 mill, an airline for $365 mill--all losing money." Man of the people.
Losing money is how you alert criminals to your laudering potential.
.@realDonaldTrump I'm surprised that you know how to spell "tax".
.@realDonaldTrump Keep tweeting about how proud you are to have gamed the system leaving us to pay your share...
he broke no laws...blame the tax sys!!
no, I blame a man who has more money than he can spend who chooses to game the system while others suffer!
as well never gives to charity!
true!
you owe  Americans who have been paying your share for decades.  Pay up or shut up.
he doesn't owe people anything what he did on his taxes back in 95 was 100% legal.
did I say it was illegal?It's just extremely unpatriotic & once again he's left the little guy to pay bill
then you should be blaming Bill Clinton this was his tax codes. Or Obama for not fixing the problem.
he can do the right thing or cheat the system.  There's no honor in what he did and we deserve better
what he did is not cheating the system. It is 100% legal. So your saying you don't claim any deductions.
I didn't say it wasn't legal. If your ok with billionaires paying nothing,  you're gonna love his tax plan.
you did not answer me do you claim deductions on your taxes. If so you're a hypocrite for blaming him for it.
you run your mouth about a Wall and insult all of this guy's workers. And you think you have an enforceable ?
who knows the law better than a crook?
then show us your tax returns. Bragging doesn't cut it.
sounds like u r bragging about the perfectly use of tax laws thats how they will make you look just tell the truth and stop
Please fix them good!!!
Why not ask about his father's trusts saving him from bankruptcy in the 90's?  He may not be smart, just rich and lucky.
@PaulRyan I read that Speaker Ryan is joining Trump this weekend.  I guess Paul is joining Trump's #PussyPosse
so that you can evade it more..
if you saved $60 billion dollars in 20 years. Why would you fix them?
I can't believe how much Trump and his followers emulate the history of how Hitler rigime came to power. TRUMP, Very scary!
"I know our complex tax laws ..."  PROVE IT, OH ORANGE ONE! Show us the rest of your tax returns.
Why are you always scowling?  Confusion? Anger?
I hope someone at town hall asks @realDonaldTrump question from tax code. Trump knows essentially NOTHING ABOUT TAXES. Just another big lie.
biggest loser there ever was. What do you think? Only working poor and retirees have to pay taxes?
you are the only one? Your arrogance is apalling!!
tax hoopla means nothing! Just a distraction from Clinton crime family
Not according to your own accountant.
HRC lost 6 billion in 4yrs as sec of state.  That's not bus. Risk it's incompetence!
are all of Trump's tiny hand gestures some bizarre form of sign language. Nausating to watch
Hilary is like someone playing chess and very good at it.  Trump is like playing checkers and very bad at it.
You claim to be the best & smartest in every other way; why not this also, you bloviating braggart?
How do you know that you know them better...you always place yourself up on this pedestal and we just don't buy it
YOU should YOU CHEATED US ALL FOR DECADES 
@jdonovas1 #business
YEAH THAT'S LIKE LETTING THE FOX GUARD THE HEN HOUSE!UNBELIEVABLE! SAD!
Yes, an expert at avoiding paying taxes!!
wrong
No fiduciary duty to yourself on your personal income tax return.  Proves you don't know what the word means.  #TrumpTaxes
What you really mean is you know how to cheat the tax laws.
Lost almost $1B and thinks he's a good businessman? Hardly. He's a crook and con man. Dump Trump
Hi from Australia  I know you will win. Cheers
You certainly do know tax laws - and how to avoid paying tax, thereby robbing the poor.
A fitting reply to Benghazy-Hillary! According to Supreme Court, You don't tip IRS! @TvKatsoja @Niinisto @Juhasipila #Suomi
how do you lose almost a Billion Dollars at the height of the real estate boom?? #totalfailure #taxcheat
Hillary is having fbi lie .  How can we promote her to presidency .  She should be fired .
The taxes from 1995 were okayed by IRS..nothing wrong with that..in fact..it was Clinton era. tax laws.
then the tax thing into your favor, don't let them bait you into a defensive situation, no laws were broken, I use em.
@KatrinaPierson by fix u mean game the system to avoid paying taxes, then yes. Qualified, no. Dodgin taxes like the draft.
Great point.  Hammer Clintons for their Foundation expense deductions (as opposed to recognizing as huge salary).
i dont care about his taxes
NYT broke the law by publishing this!
#1Charlatan #FlimFlamMan #NeverTrump EVER! People in your own party chant in unison w/the others:
Fix them 4 who? Crooks like yourself 
YOUR TAX LAWYERS KNOW THE Laws,YOU HAVE LITTLE TO NO CLUE,FOR GOD'S SAKE STOP THE BS!

u know nothing about tax laws. Your accountant did your taxes. U showed no interest in knowing anything.
Small problem: your opponent is actually a lawyer.
Watch Donald Trump lecture the working poor for not paying taxes http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/10/donald-trump-taxes-50-percent-Americans-dont-pay … via @MotherJones
Mr Trump we have so many problems in our country Please I pray that they leave u alone with things that are your business
GREAT!  Following your "genius" lead, I guess none of us will have to pay taxes ever again!
you wrote off almost  a billion dollars and didn't have to pay taxes for 18 years how are you fit to be president?
Can you make it so people like you pay their fair share?
you should slam Hillary on benghazi everyway possible
You expect people to believe you're going to fix a system that has worked so well for your benefit?
how exactly would you fix? What is your actual plan? Oh that's right, you have no plans- you just speak in sound bites.
That's your problem u know everything but we will help you get your orange suit or either in Virginia that have blk&white.
you will never fix then you would have to pay your share then
3.Hillary took the advantages, same as me, and she has been the part f machine that created the "tax return game"! Game ovr
lol Ur so lame with ur name calling everyone http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/trump-tax-attorney-he-didn-t-understand-code-n660111 … @nytimes
Wow, you really opened the door there...
myself and many others are with you Trump. I'm sorry butt the electorial votes will put Hillary in office
@RiskyLiberal A town hall debate question that needs 2b ask give me 5 complex components of "our" tax laws U wld fix & how
why would you "fix" them when they've served you so well?
Better than the army of accountants and lawyers you hire no doubt.
NYT commits felony proving you used a Democrat passed law to protect your company from further loses is rich with irony....
If you're so smart, why didn't you bring this up sooner? Why wait for NYT to expose you?
U will fix it in such a way that u or ur children will not have to pay any taxes for rest of the life. SHAMEFUL!! #MAGA
To make America grate again , all of America will declear bankruptcy , and not play tax for 18 years :)
YET UR TAX PLAN DOESN'T FIX ANYTHING AND BENEFITS THE RICH AND U LIED ANT BEING A BILLIONAIRE.
@TeamTrump your taxes you didn't pay may have helped you in real estate but it sure didn't help the American people  (poor)
you're right about one thing: you are #failing
"You don't like the way they spend OUR taxes!" Donnie, you've given nothing to spendFOR 18 YEARS!!
#Lumpy
All words no action, put issues to rest, show your taxes, if nothing to hide.
*I'm
What successful businessman loses $915million in one year ? Not a Genius.
You and your rich cronies will continue to pay $0, while middle-class Americans bust their humps to pay our tax base. Liar.
@PsychicDogTalk3 And get this country out of debt. I suggest we sell all the drugs here in America to other countries.
of course u know our complex tax laws better than anyone. U have dodged them all, while the rest of us paid taxes.
too complex to pay your taxes?
AND THE LITTLE INSECURE BOY THAT MOMMY NEVER WAS ABLE TO ADDRESS? CONTINUES TO SHOW ITSELF THRU OVERCOMPENSATING BLUSTER
just like a thief knows how to beat a burglar alarm
CNN says 'appears to' 'might have' no real substance. HC & NYT used same tax code to cut $700K & all taxes in 2015..no news
yeah u and madoff 
you sure do, you know how NOT TO PAY THEM, cuz you're smart, that's a joke.
The first thing I learned at the IRS was that all laws written for our 
congress.

so you're saying you will close loopholes you've personally taken advantage of for 40 years? Yeah, right.
U DID NOTHING WRONG ON TAXES BUT FOLLOW THE LAW BUT HILLARY DONT FOLLOW THE LAW U R A GENIUS 
WRONG!
Hillary Clinton does not need to be in control of our country.
Really?
Your accountant said you had no idea
we do not care about your taxes, we care about OUR taxes. ask everyone who's taxes they care more about! yours or theirs!

it is clear you beat a $1 Billion deficit. How much more could you do for our country.
The president does not have the authority to change the tax laws. Only Congress does. And they don't want these changes
the only thing you know is how to scam the American people
.@realDonaldTrump So would you close the "net operating loss" loophole for rich people like yourself?
you're the only candidate who's used the tax code to "protect" your millions from serving the public. You're a CRIMINAL.
yea, you have evaded taxes so long..
"NAFTA" N ACTIONFOREIGN IND SELLING US MOST R CLOTHS-ELECTRONICS-FOOD-CARS DON'T PAY INCOME TAX 2 U.SZILLIONS LOST 2 GOV
you have my vote if you accountants do my taxes 
OMG, is there anything ur not better at then anyone else? You are such a clown, just shut up!!
Vote Trump for Change!Vote Hillary for more corruption, deceit,lies, 33 thousands EM takes money from terrorist countries!
