Pence will always dominate! Hes a true winner!

ha ha ha ... who drew that?  a grade-schooler??
I've seen a lot of dumb Trumpster tweets and calling 538 grade schoolers takes the cake. Congrats on that 1
morans? You can do better. Maybe not.
Everyone said he won BIG time!

 selectively picking tweets from supporters is NOT evidence of a debate win 
You think Kaine won?  now that's hysterical.
NO I think the country lost
Not me.
apparently your ignorance really is bliss
Don't worry, Bruce... he's not in a swing state.
Ignorance? Lmao. Your voting for the devil. Lmao.
There's more than 2 choices dumb ass
Did we just hear Kaine say there is a constitutional right for immigrants to enter the US?
time Kaine interrupt so much
Mike Pence is destroying Tim Kaine. The guy is doing great
hell No
Is this related to the RNC blog posted before the debate even started proclaiming Pence the winner?!?
their way to try to win the debate. To get middle class to believe their lies to vote for them
Mike Pence is the grown up at the table! Kaine may as well get on the table & start kicking & screaming!! He is a nut case!
@BruinsRocknRule @realDonaldTrump Well now as a teacher who supports Trump, don't you find yourself advertising your low I.Q. ???
Time u wake up & get your blinders off 4 our future generations! We have immigration laws 2 
Best check with your union and see what people that actually understand the issues are doing .
#Trump needs 2do same wht abt VETS, SS, VIOLENCE, TERROR, SCHOOLS, COMMUNITIES,1st,2nd,4th,5th Am she hates!
do you just yell words at random?
Kaine has already proved that he is a doofus and the debate isn't even over...

PENCE ROCKED THE HOUSE!
he's creepy like you
no one is saying that. Broke fraud.
what debate are you watching your laughable sometimes most of the time it's not funny but the night you're funny
moderator is unfair, she letsaid Kaine finish but cuts off pence.
he did. Kaine is a joke
Ha! Glad you're on twitter :-*
he is. You should be so proud of him. I know I am!
Kaine continues to interrupt.  I want to have a beer with Mike, NOT Kaine.
what else can they say. Pence was the winner hands down. I hate the spinners that think we have no mind of our own.
#CrookedHillary #imwithher #strongertogether 30 YEARS IN POLITICS AND DID NOTHING.
This moderator needs to stop Tim Kaine from constant, defensive interruptions! Tim Kaine is out of control! #NeverHillary
YES YES YES! He's a class act. Calm and cool under pressure! Very impressed with him!
The polls will state who wins, not #trump.  He is biased by default, and hardly a scientific source of information.
#Trump stop her! Ovomit ushers in NWO she exacts revenge it's personal w her!
Dominating in the amount of lies and attempts to excuse your own quoted statements. Poorly. @realDonaldTrump
Pence is well mannered & prepared.  Kaine being very rude & constantly interrupting. U made good choice in Mike Pence

@ChristianRep There saying Pence getting his ass kicked.
pls tweet Gov. Pence and tell him to stomp on Kaine every time he interrupts him.
loser
AGREE 
PENCE IS DOMINATING!!!
Who is saying? You and your sheep?  That's a joke.
and the poll on drudge said you won so that tells u something
unlike your debate #sad
Said no one ever!!!
trump trump trump all the Way!
wrong,  they are saying Pence is dumbing down the debate.
And sir he is doing a fantastic job
you're a fool #Trump. You're guy is failing as hard as you are!
Losers. Both of you. #VPDebate
No,you need to  look in the mirror.
Then you should be for the only one who is out to help you the TAXPayer--Donald Trump, stop listening to lies--
you think Donald wants to help me?

Donald has well a documented 's history of helping only himself.
Sure he does , why would he put up with all these lies to run and win against the reprobate, crook  Hillary
Elaine, you're fired!
IN SPITE OF ELAINE, Gov. Pence is winning this debate hands down!
it's like watching you, but with an ounce of brains in the bargain.
vice president of Hillary Clinton Cain killed Abel all the Christians know that name Cain and Abel something to stand on
show us your taxes.
Hillary's eyes roll around in every different direction, her health is very poor. She is unwell & wants to dronestrike ppl
Keep that blade sharp, The coolest part of NinjaMovies is when they commit Seppuku after failing #VPDebate @realDonaldTrump
More like @timkaine at @mike_pence
Kaine was like an irritating mosquito buzzing near your ear, every time you swat it away, it comes buzzing back.
he is eloquent politician w experience can handle himself. be yourself #Trump talk over 6d illuminat witch.
What do they say about your ineptitude in your debate!
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE "DOMINATING" THE DEBATE:

Which one is he again?

#VPDebate
#Debates2016 
#MAGA

@realDonaldTrump
PENCE WAS GREAT, A GENTLEMAN, YET STERN WITH ANSWERS, AND PUT KAINE IN LINE WHEN NEEDED!  YOU CAN BE PROUD
Lightweight failure @EstoryStory says I should be proud of Pence, I still don't know which one he is! DISASTER!! #VPDebate @realDonaldTrump
@suevee85 Pence is a loser who can't defend the indefensible Trump!
Oh I know there is only 15 more min but Pense looks like he just pulled a white hood off his head.
Pence is a smirking liar! Nobody is buying his lies except for the koolaid drinkers!
He did!!!!
your people or the people you are oblivious to know you need to get elected? The former loves it. Latter prolly not enough
Bench Pence
He's losing big 
coming from a egg and 6 followers 
Dumbshit Trump heil hustler Trump follower 
.@realDonaldTrump How do you feel about the fact he has to spend so much time defending and lying about the stupid things you've said?
are you watching the same debate I'm watching?
nothing
seems like Ryan and the crew feel you need to let Pence take the lead they say your just not presidential enough
oh Kaine looks like a high on something KOOK
Too bad he's not #1 guy on the GOP ticket. We'd have a chance.
haha. Weak.
People are saying you are a con artist
he really did a great job. He has the art of the "pivot" down
shut up
in your alternative reality, sure. It looks like he gave up defending you. @CBSNews @JoyAnnReid @Lawrence @GeorgeTakei
He's a smart and likable man.
Mr Trump I am one of your voters, but tue is Pence is not leading this debate Pence with his annoying high voice
Can we get a fair moderator??
Kaine is just a bad-mouther just like Hillary
absolutely nothing....
Gentleman with manners Pence
Nobody is saying that.
Mike Pence is doing a fantastic job addressing the American people...
he changes the topic every time. Answer the question directly please. #cain
the moderator is horrible!
somebody duct tape kaine 's big mouth!
Pence's mic must be faulty, it sounds like he is talking but saying nothing.
somebody has to cause his running mate sucks at it
- too bad he's not the candidate.   We would win for sure.
.@realDonaldTrump they're not saying he's dominating it. Mostly because he's not. #VPDebate
They aren't.
I can tell Pence's Microphone is about 1db - 2db lower than Kaine's.  Here we go again!!! Someone verify the console level
delusional. Put the phone down and quietly leave the room
Kaine is hogging most of the time and interrupting.  Kaine acts very unstable and nervous.
THEY=RACISTS
boycott the networks. They are bias. Pence makes Kaine look stupid
love pence can't stand Lyon pence
she's being BG unfair. She lets Kaine interrupt and finish and Pence can't respond. Tim Kaine is femanine
Yeah okay, just like you won last weeks debate, NOT!  @timkaine and @HillaryClinton are going to make our everything better
Ha Ha joke. He couldn't dominate nothing.
domination doesnt equal correct.  is he even answering the questions being asked?
pence is too boring #VPDebate
Donnie - you're delusional.  Pence is blowing it, won't defend you, and Kaine is obviously the stronger leader.
Pence is wonderful!! He has so much more integrity and intelligence than Kaine!
Mr Pence is awesome, Kaine, like the joker from batman, no truth in him
crooked media moderator. allows Kaine to interrupt Mike constantly, and she constantly cuts Mike off when he makes a point
kain throwing stones in a glass house,  absolutely an idiot
more delusions?  Up your dosage.
seems like we heard these same remarks from you that you won the first debate and we all know that was crazy talk
Pence dominating debate is ubiquitous on twitter #VPDebate #GoPence
"THEY...." meaning the people in your fantasyland ?!?!
show me the receipts. #VPDebate
Agreed!! Good grief Kaine is a smug, pompous liar! Hillary and Kaine peas in a rotten pod!
He isn't. The guy is a disaster
OF COURSE HE'S NOT WINNING. PENCE IS A FUCKING IT UP

kaine lying again..Trump did not say all mexicans are bad
Pence is calm, cool and collected.  Kaine looks like a psychopath!
He is really showing dignity, intelligence, forbearance, logical argument. He is very impressive.
nope try again Don
@TeamTrump be like him next time Donald!!!
Just let Kaine talk. He is nuts.  Jack Nicholson.
yes he is.
Kaine continually and rudely interrupting.
I'm for you but I don't think he's dominating.
Kaine is making a fool of himself.
says who???
Too bad that Pence is not the Presidential nominee.
go away, just go away.
He didn't just dominate - he crushed your team!! Say goodbye.
WHY ARE YOU YELLING
Good vs. Evil....Kaine comes off as a bully. Don't believe that will resonate with the American people.NO ONE likes a bully
now I know why you picked pence. Brain dead Hillary had to pick someone who can not outshine her. Good job Hillary.
Go away. Six year olds like you should be in bed.
they said it BEFORE the debate started!
Liar. #trumpisacrook #ImWithHer
@HillaryClinton Dominating, I think not. Must admit, he's doing much better than you did. Kaine winning over Pence.
calm down shhhh
really I see Tim doing an amazing job
NOT!!!! SO NOT!!! He is about as boring as ALL of your other surrogates!!!
Mr.Pence sounds just like Mr Trump,all over the place!
u need to do what #Pence did tonight! Prepare be articulate, strong and have facts! U could learn a lot from Pence tonight!
kaine is so undisciplined that makes the debate impossible to watch
well, not sure about dominating ... But he is leagues better than you

What World do you live in? Because he certainly isn't dominating @timkaine in this one. 
like you were dominated last week?
duck trump
Moderator paid by Clinton?  She is cajoling Kaine's rude behavior.
Gop saying it before the debate even began!
SAYS WHO!!!#VPDebate
who's they? the people in your room?
@mike_pence hasn't answered one question,  how is that dominating?
why are you refusing to quote my tweets in this press release? #unfollowtrump workd!
who the GOP who said Pence won before it even started?
Let's Make America Great Again. You give me hope, sir. From Kennewick, Washington thank you.
legally paid taxes and employed tens of thousands of legal tax payers.
Kaine kept on bringing up Trump's rhetorics and name calling which are not blown out of context by media.that's his weapon
WHO IS "THEY"?
I think Kaine's preparedness must be reading the liberal newspapers
absolutely omg he is going to save us!!!
toe 2 toe with Russia really? SMH she Hillary messed up with the reset button pence will b lucky 2 get 30min 2 talk!!!
great prep by Kaine.
, The way Kaine is twisting things, he's doing Chubby Checker proud.  They've got nothing so they attack.
whatever! LOL
kicking a$$ and taken names
