@DTROYW63 Donald the 1st and 2Nd amendment's are. Look the,press isn't covering real news, CENSORSHIP & yes guns R agends
Under siege in what way?
The religion is entirely concerned with law. That's why so many Jews become lawyers.
@FriendlyJMC
Number 1 tyrant want a be ! She has blood of AMERICAN PATRIOTS DRIPPING FROM HER FANGS !
Hillary killed Justice Scalia! Trump will make the Supreme Court great again! #debate http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/10/its-trap-trump-must-boycott-final-debate.html …
Now you see, this is why we have problems in the U.S. Absolutely ridiculous statement.

Mr. President; I along with many in NY hope you will convince Governor Cuomo to fully real the Safe Act (to be continued)
this "Act" took away my 2nd Amendment rights and all because I take Depakote for Epilepsy but the ONLY reason NYS added it (to be continued)
was because it can be prescribed as a mood stabilizer but not because it controls Epilepsy, George Sinzer, Sgt,NYG,MP Discharged with Honor.
The Constitution is sacred. Hillary can not do anything without consulting with the Americans.
#MASA Make America Stupid A______.
thrump is a lieing racist con artist and should release his taxes
@Mommamia13My if they don't, the American public sure as hell will!
2nd amendment is only under seize in the minds of conspiracy theorists.  #nastywomenunited
Bull shit, you are blind & deaf or just plain stupid if you can't see what is happening ! How are you going to feel when ALL of your civil rights are taken away, such as freedom of speech, freedom against unlawful search and seizures. etc ? Just ask a JEW
THAT WENT THRU HOLOCAUST
Get off your phone and pay attention Satan!
NO that would be HRC!! HRC Is the one with all the CRIMES!!! WAKE UP!!!
Mr.President,
  WE WILL PROUDLY GO TO WAR WITH THE DEMORATS AND LIBERAL'S TO PROTECT AND DEFEND THE 2ND AMENDMENT AND ALL OF THE CONSTITUTION! T BLOOD WILL BE KNEE DEEP ON THE GROUND IN A 2ND CIVIL WAR BEFORE ALL OF US, AMERICAN PATRIOTS LET OUR FREEDOMS BE TAKEN AWAY BY TYRANTS!
It's already repealed in California, and you do nothing about it.
Please name one thing @HillaryClinton has said that implies 2nd amend repeal. #Trumpism
Congratulations @realDonaldTrump on Wednesday nights debate. MAGA. We need you to pick the new Supreme Court Justices.
Trump only cares about the 2nd amendment. Not the first or many of the others. I hope he holds the 25th in such esteem.
You can't believe Hillary. She said the Justices got it wrong. Her plan is to have "only malitia carry guns. She lies
Constitution or not, I have the right to chose whether to defend myself or not!
Demarko, This is what you are supporting.
No its not. Another figment of your imagination
Hillery doesn't want your guns, just worry who has them. Help families by getting guns out of the wrong hands.
who once said "Mr and Mrs America, GIVE ME YOUR GUNS"?
@Wulph7 idiots. #believeMe
@Wulph7
EVERY AMENDMENT IS UNDER SIEGE --except FOR ONE (as some1 pointed out last nite)-HRC's FAV: 5th AMENDMENT!
Speak to the stagnant housing &the fact that we have never had an economic boom without housing boom
@thatoverseasguy I noticed you didn't say that during the debate... saving that nugget for Twitter?
He heavily implied it, but that does not make it truer or more false
dt, nra pd u 2 say that admit it. pay2play right? 2nd amendment is safe & u no it, dont u? u lost debate #DJTbatcrapcrazy
siege? LOL Evidence if any? #Unqualified
there r more guns in America than americans. So how is the 2nd amendment under siege again?
Amen.
@ButchJocson - And has been since the 1800's. We need a government that supports the Constitution and repeals all gun laws
@happkat 2amend. Is under siege if you believe the the lie "Gun Show Loophole" There is no gun show loophole. This is a lie
Exactly! Where ever you buy a gun you still have a background check BEFORE you receive a gun!!!
Yes Sir
Yeah..because a war on guns will work just as well as the war on drugs #WillGetItAnyway
Trump was correct about E Aleppo. Reports terrorists to be given safe haven tomorrow. Aleppo has fallen.
no, it's not. The 1st 4th & 5th are. #Tourettes #CokeHeadTrump #truthisbeauty #debatenight #ReleaseYourTaxes
@Trumpocrats HRC claimed to be FOR the 2nd amdt tonight, but I've seen articles that she willl use executive order...phony!
Omg did she Sound like she was full of shit tonite or what?Everything she said was a lie!I had to get out of the room!
@Veteran4Trump hrc says just the illegal arms...exactly why we need wall to stop black market!
unless it's the 1st or the 19th amendments. Then all bets are off, right?
@KatrinaPierson BS
Pervert Trump wants more people dead because doesn't want gun control
@PeteKent01 America is under siege by corrupt media corrupt dictator like obama and his corrupt his adm
Big loss for you tonight. Also, the 2nd amendment isn't going anywhere. There are much bigger issues.
@CarmineZozzora I'm a conservative but have no problem with a balanced court. Good for US. That's not what Hillary brings.
@CarmineZozzora voted and worked in the Trump Head quarters all day. Florida is for Donald. Hundreds of voters for you
@CarmineZozzora Donald you did Awesome tonight and you Won big , all the Polls I took you Won. Dredge. Newsweek etc.
you liar
there needs to be change so that people don't die so much donald trump richard
SCOTUS who will GROPUS - nice ring to it! #MAGropeA
We don't need assault rifles. 
But we should be able to protect ourselves. Do you pack?
our whole democracy is under attack by you just concede now and blame it on someone else that's your style fool
@American1765 One of the best points made tonight.
#win this #election please
-Not. You didn't listen.
great job tonight !
@P0TUSTrump @seanhannity @mike_pence @DiamondandSilk 2nd Amend. HRC/DEMS NEED to disarm Americans. It is a MUST for them.
#crooked_hillary
Our guns are important our founding Fathers did it for a reason. Hillary deflected when asked this question.

our election is under siege from your but buddy Vladimir Putin to your delight a candidate for American President
DONALD J TRUMP HAS HIT THE BALL OVER THE WALL. HE HAS BEEN SPOT ON ALL NIGHT.
so are you!
talk about what your solutions are for America Stop with Hilary already it's boring already and going nowhere like you!
I can't believe anyone is standing that close to trump
God strike him with lightning
Donald stay focused like your opponent Hilary - tell America what you  are going to do for the country!
False. There is no siege on 2nd amendment. It is known that restrictions on guns are allowed. Facts don't matter to #trump.
@Trump_Supporter No it's not you orange ****
Your stop and frisk idea is anti second amendment...just saying. #SAD #RIPGOP #CIRCLINGTHEDRAIN
I hope the debate doesn't count for much.  Just turned off after 1 hour of yet another one-sided #MSM hit job.  SO MAD!!!
trump getting destroyed. What a loser
liar your ICE taskforce will be ordered to seize all firearms during door to door searches heard at 1 of YOUR meetings. FU!
donald she has insulted christians, blacks, latinos,
#2nd Amendment not under seige #NRA propaganda #Fear mongering
America!  You have the right to have bear arms... or some shit like that. #DebateHeadache 
millions to the clinton foundation from hillary approving the uranium russia deal? 20 % of  usa uranium, now 50%, hilLIARy
hay do you know how the Constitution works?  Supreme Court doesn't change Constitution.  You need to use Wikipedia.
@Veteran4Trump @timkaine and @HillaryClinton are liars.  #Gungrabbers
@Veteran4Trump Don't fall for this crap.
No its not, loser
she has had more time to talk than Mr Trump
You are definitely right, protect our Constitution ,never let evils to destroy it.
Coitus is aproved!?
hillary (@HillaryClinton) defends attacking 2nd amendment because toddlers being killed but then defends abortion #2face
nope
So now Hillary gives away top secret nuclear secrets. 4 min between authorization and launch. Amazing
HRC wants regs to the 2nd amendment to protect "toddlers" yet is ok with Roe v. Wade that allows third term abortions.
can you even hold a gun with those tiny hands?
yet you want to stop and frisk. #hypocrite #contradiction
No, we need to follow the constitution.
I lived close to the border for 5 years and I have seen closed up, we need strong borders, but wall is not the solution.
Yes we do.
Calm down !!
trump has my vote!!
https://www.etsy.com/listing/472036494/fuck-trump-pin-free-shipping …
https://soundcloud.com/new-era-182709346/da-guys-ambition … give it a listen 
You will never be President! She will!
Dummy, I think your bob rumson. Doom and gloom. Get real lol.
But they are bound by judicial deference...2A = lose/lose.
go Trump Hillary is a liar
All these Hillary supporters have been drinking the Coolaid. So naive
scare tactics! Its not under attack at all
What siege?
Can't fly, but can buy guns Wrong. Not under siege. Just common sense. #NeverTrump #debate
In your warped mind
no it isn't. This is scare tactics.
Wonder how safe she would feel without ARMED sec service?
. @realDonaldTrump @CadizOranges  MOAR GUNS...
I'm thinking you're saying that we need a supreme court that will turn back the clock to the 1940s
glad you are standing up for the unborn.
bullshit! The 2nd Amendment is not an issue - stop lying. The difference is you want to arm terrorists & she doesn't
I hope you win the elections yes I do want a women in office one day but not Hillary definitely not her
Is anyone keeping counts of the use of :
Sniffing
Word tremendous 
Unbelievable
ES CRIMINAL DESDE QUE EL ESPERMATOZOIDE SALE DEL HOMBRE ESTÁ VIVO , Sino No puede engendrar
@GovGaryJohnson will do a fine job of selecting the best!
clueless!!
what about the fathers rights
2ND AMENDMENT WONT CHANGE, THATS NOT WHAT SHES SAYING U FOOL, PAY ATTENTION AND PAY TAXES #NEVERTRUMP U LYIN RACIST HYPOCRT
liar!
It's under trauma!!! Lol Donald's infantile vocabulary strikes again.
Who is tweeting for you Dumba$$??? WTH would you allow anyone else to utilize your name and Twitter? Is this how u do it??
Wow! You care so little about this debate you're tweeting during it? Numbskull.
shes a babyvkiller
MORE BULLSHIT AND LIES FROM TEAM RUSSIA
Lightweight @realDonaldTrump definitely had his staff write this, a 1% chance that it was him! RIGGED!
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
#whinylittlebitch #littledick bull shit
. Anyone who talks is against,what makes you confident?
wait, this ISN'T the real Donald Trump, he's on stage. Or.... Or....
And the Donald starts the attacks. Says he's the NRA's savior! Ha. Trumps getting paid off by the NRA.
No it is not.  I am a 2nd Amendment supporter. You are fear mongering.
didn't Hillary just say she'sokwith people keeping their guns?
https://twitter.com/JeremyWYoung1/status/786621209211441152 …
Does DJT even know what the point of the Heller amendment was? I guess he believes all toddlers should have guns.
fraud
no it isn't
.@realDonaldTrump The US has more guns, and gun deaths, per capita than any other country.
The Second Amendment is NOT under siege. The truth is under siege by you. #Debate
Why did he not say that there is a tape of her and Chelsea saying that on tape!!!!!
time to attack Clinton on all sides now! All issues -her incompetence, the Benghazi --
yes!! Excellent speech on open borders!! attack Clinton on all issues! Go Trump!!
Plano, TX might have the least restrictive gun laws and has about the smallest homicide rate in the world!

The Donald is on his game!

HilLiary
Stay Strong Mr. Trump

but... how do you feel about the second amendment?
We need judges who will uphold the forefathers dream of greatness #AmericaFirst  not libtards judges!!
Meaningless.
gun nuts love you!
2nd Amendment is not under seige, don't be stupid.
Trump is the only candidate that has talked about suspending the Bill of Rights.#whinylittlebitch
