Mr. Trump, Hillary is a liar. They are killing wild mustangs that are protected under the law. Hillary is making money
please tell me more about this mustang killing, the mainstream media hasn't been covering it...
I am traumatized about the wild mustangs. They are hung on meat hooks. It is just horrible. Karma is coming.
are you familiar with the play "Equus"?
Is it that movie with Richard Burton in it?
yes. I was wondering if you related to the story.
I ordered the movie with Richard Burton. I have not seen it in years.
as a lover of horses I'm sure you'll parallel with his obsessions
Stop being so delusional. You lost bigly!!
Who's saying that? Your monstrous offspring? Your paid-for broken flunkies? The ghosts of your parents who didn't love you?
@Laffingmom There sure are a lot of weirdos on Twitter. They have no clue what they tweet about.
@TeamTrump stay more active in social media more Wark don't care about TV corrupt and newspapers
Donald stay off of Twitter and bring up Ben Ghazi.
oh really? Who is "they"?
And who is saying this???  LOL LOL LOL
THERES NO OTHER WAY TO SAY THIS  ... LESTER WAS 1SIDED
He wouldn't let Trump lie. How is Trump going to win if he can't lie? UNFAIR.

says who
define "they."  Because I think you're full of shit, once again. Sad!
no one credible is saying you one the debate. You were awful. An embarrassment
great!
Time to take the gloves off Mr Trump, next debate, let loose and tell all, she's horrible!!

Do you ever do anything but LIE? You LOST. BIG LEAGUE!
who is saying that? LOL
H didn’t implode & didn’t move the dial on her likability scale  , confirming she’s still the woman we know  and hate.
You got your ass kicked My 8 year old knew you got your ass kicked.My Dog peed on screen when you brought up Rosie O'Donnel
#TrumpWon the debate like OJ Simpson won the trial of the century. 
You're delusional
nice
nice
The Delusion is Strong in this Trump.
 
You're great in your own mind Donald, it's a form of schizophrenia I believe
Even the voices in your head lie!!  You are #bigly delusional.  You need to be medicated.
Can you say "Delusional'? I knew you could/
#Loser  http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-president-billionaire-income-election-2016-9 …
really prove it lol..you delusional
encore
Be specific, who 'they' are.  I'm not hearing that.
you're doing god's work, Mr. Trump. people all over the world have faith in you!
stop falling for her traps
http://money.cnn.com/2016/09/27/media/donald-trump-snap-internet-polls/index.html …
dude. Take your Ned's. You're unhinged. #TrumpWon
Urgh. Do we have to go over this AGAIN? The BIG number represents the winner. The LITTLE number represents the loser.

 you really are delusional. #sniff
A #coward always win!
YOU DID AWESOME! AND DIDNT HAVE TO SPEND TONS OF HOURS PREPARING! YOU ARE 100% PRESIDENTIAL!


rulllly?
Delusional. Sad!
They also say Hillary won. Which they to believe?

Hey Mr Trump. No they aren't. NO valid study says you won either thing. YOU yourself HEARD the laughter AT YOU. You LOST
It's not hard to beat the worlds biggest liar and criminal.
LOL if she is a liar what is --> @realDonaldTrump
He is our next POTUS, that's what. @CaptainAge007 @brad_studio @realDonaldTrump
@patch173rd I can't wait for January 17, 2017 Mr Trump is our next POTUS!  
only idiots will vote Trump @VickyBrush @brad_studio @realDonaldTrump
Oh little man, when will you learn? After Trump's elected as our next POTUS? Good luck on that  @CaptainAge007 @patch173rd @realDonaldTrump
LOL he can't spell president let alone become one @patch173rd @realDonaldTrump
I assume by they you mean "Go ask Sean Hannity who won?"
no he means this...
Online, click and repeat polls. If that's your measure, you lost.
big number=win, little number=loser.  its there in black/white.  facts.  U dont know the base behind them
Get help
lol

I'm...Im voting trump!
Many people are saying you weren't completely humiliated.
and most people are saying that you got stomped .
.@realDonaldTrump Many people are saying that you are a delusional arsehole. Not me, it’s just what I hear.
SNOPES? They are the biggest Democrat idiots around!  Oh, and they lie too!
I'm guessing you're too dumb to read but the quote isn't in the book. So it seems reality isn't on your side.
When 18  I read more books than average person  in a lifetime..
have multiple degrees in various fields 
IQ >> Hussein + HRC
How citizens gone be mad at you for paying lower taxes they need to be mad at their government for taxing the hellout of us
c
C'mon! Donald Trump would never say he won the debate. He's not THAT stupid. - @mike_pence
@djss1grgr i just found out from Next Week Network that LESTER Holt & whom did rig the debate  https://youtu.be/VMFtZtd9Am4 
unbelievable Fox News uninterrupted coverage of Hillary Gore rally so sad......2 min they cut back

Hrc has blindsided us while she brings in 65,000 refugees-not telling us A vote 4 her is 4 gol 4 Sharia
lol stop this nonsense. You were horrible and you know it
she's a crook who has made millions off our tax dollars.  She should be in jail but money stopped that!
DT is worse
the facts are right in front of you what has she done for our country but put money in her pocket @realDonaldTrump
Great job on your speech!
CNN= CLINTON NEWS NETWORK CONFIRMED
The only person on this planet who really and truly believes you won the debate is YOU!!!  So sad
honey, you are dillusional
Huh? WTF?
wow i need to ask you dont sleep your up tweeting all night. And now the sniffing. Your gonna crash man
no one is saying that idiot. You lost in every scientific poll. What are you a third world dictator? Oh yeah.
please come to Australia so I can bang your gold digger Mrs 
you sir are delusional
NOW WE KNOW WHAT THE SNIFFLES WERE? UR HIGH, CAUSE UR GOIN CRAZY #nevertrump SHOW INCOME TAXES, LYIN RACIST HYPOCRITE
You did pretty well Mr. Trump your first ever single debate over 100 million viewers :-) I am looking forward to next one .
many people are saying you are a big league loser.
IF IS THERE POSSIBLE TO RESTORE THE US POLICY FOREIGN THE EXACT MAN IS TRUMP. I LATIN BLACK AM REPS
I HAVE AT LEAST 40 COUSIN IN DISTINCT STATES. THEY ARE WHITE BLUES EYES GREEN EYES. WE AREN'T RACIST
You sir, are delusional.
false
They're not saying that. You're saying that. Because you know you lost that debate. Bigly. Believe me. Disaster.

considering the competition, it was inevitable
I call bullshit. Who told you that your campaign manager. You did not look presidential nor qualified.
@jemalhudso12111 unless all parties are able to debate it is useless.
who is they? The turds in your pocket?
ever think about killing yourself? You should look into it
LIAR!!!!
liar liar pants on fire!
Are you high?  Sniff sniff...no one...not one single person is saying you won last night. Delusional thoughts. Take meds.
Bless you and congratulations on last night. You were terrific as always.

haha who is they? Again you fail to be specific.  End your campaign.
Sir, I need you to win, but do not rest on last nights debate performance. She got you to respond to her.
you have a strong base, but please prep for next debate. We want no ???'s about your abilities. We need a ko punch 
you live in your own little reality world!!
they who? the crazy street people in front of the bus station and a couple of deranged meth heads??? LOSER
Im pretty sure they are not saying that. YOu definetly did not come close to winning the debate. Sorry Donald.
who is "they"? your ass-kissers?
YOU'RE NOTHING THAN AN EMBARASSMENT! You and your "Winning Temperament" need to stay in your "Reality World"
Who's "they"? Your inbred paid staff? She wiped the floor with your doughy orange ass.
who the fuck is saying that, you were a disaster last night. The GOP has fallen so far with you at the helm.
he is definitely on something  Total eclipse of reality!
Nobody is saying that
nope.
They...
Heard a story on news 2 day, Portland OR now having satan worship after school clases,  Is this America?
What were you saying about believing claims made without identifying sources?
If sniffing, grunting, drinking water excessively, and talking over moderator counts, then you have indeed won the debate!
You need to dip your big toe back into the real world. You did NOT win that thing last night. You were awful.
fact check..
Who are THEY? OH you mean online voting through media that supports you. And the only media your supporters watch? Woo hoo!
You are #DELUSIONAL DONALD
no they aren't.
who is saying that
Mr. Trump I know u got more than one channel on ur tv, u gotta stop watching FOX people starting to think ur delusional
.@realDonaldTrump   Loser
#respect4chelsea 
Not the first daughter you'd hit on given the chance
#donthinksincestbest
#keepitinthefamily
Nobody is saying that.
Many voices in @realDonaldTrump's head are saying that. 

@SuzanneKelleher
you missed the opportunity to nail her when she mentioned cyber warfare/security being important to next POTUS
Who are "they" (the sources that you say don't exist)?
Not! #Delusional Donald
I actually heard I WON last night! #Liar #taxes
where's your RUSSIAN WIFE ND TAXES, your words nd actions show the contempt uhave 4 US nd AMERICA. NAKEDRUSSIAN WIFE?TAXES?
no one is saying you won the debate but you.  you can not change facts just by saying it is so something different.
Le Frog is better than Trump the Drumpf
That's right! 
go back on your meds..your delusions are showing
you didn't win. It was like watching a kindergartner making faces!
DUMPY who is saying that? Your family? The lackeys you pay to tweet for you, who! You do live in a alternate world. Hahaha
Even your pal Bill O'Reilly said Hillary won.
nope
PS, you not only lost, you tanked, crashed, choked- but you did not surprise us.  So there's that....
YOU GOT THIS!!! 
Talk about congressional Term limits...it will get the media talking about Trump
oh good lord.... Wtf are u smoking/drinking or after last night... Sniffing?!
Hillery are you going to lose?
creates his own reality as someone said last night
Hey Donald,Mark Levin said today on his radio show,he will help you defeat Hillary& help you with your next debate!!!
very hard to debate when your opponent already knew the answers the moderator sold out probably $ from the C Foundation
"They" being the usual voices in his head. If Donnie got dementia, how would we ever know?
hubris doesn't help. Focus and get ready for the next two. Can't afford another C- performance. Same grade for Hillary
was that a nervous sniff and dry mouth she chewed u up and spit you out with no problem LOL
Disgraceful CNN/ORC poll with a handful of Dem leaning voters having HC winning debate. What about the million Time voters!
not true
Respectfully suggest next debate u not allow her 2 get 2 you.Being flustered is just not ur look.When she triggers, ignore!
really. Who told you this? A crack dealer? Or the KKK? You didn't win shit.
You just took too many softball tosses w/o taking a swing ... Pay-for-play, Benghazi, Hillary's Senate vote on war, etc.
@DonaldTrump you are as ignorant as Guiliani no wonder ur in bed together Stupid and Stupid!!
Stay on yr msgs. Preach them like the Gospel. Continue 2 win the People over. Make America strong n great again Gods with u
um...no one is really saying that...
Hell your own aides are off the record telling reporters how bad you did.
"they" mean "us" the movement.  Pissing left wing nut jobs off makes my freaking day!
kept stumping trump .u hav to win  and attack Hillary hard next time she don't cared ur family get hurt
who is saying that? Sources?!? Lol
Trump's "debate polls" were informal web site surveys that invited anyone to respond. #HillaryWon
@HillaryClinton spewing high school like retorts whenever HRC tried to speak, does not make you a winner..not at all, Jr.
Mr T On paying taxes: all business owners pay as little as possible so they can hire more people, pay better wages, etc!
that was a dream you had last night. Nothing more
Many people are saying that.
who is they? Another lie. Remember, you only fool fools.

get your head out of the sand.  And, narcissistic men are usually the same ones that abuse women!
help me out sY hi all agree with you lol where am i
No one is saying that.
Who?  Your people that are afraid to tell you that you lost and lost YYYUUUGGGE
why are you obsessed with what people are saying
TelePrompTer contacts crooked HRC
No one with a brain is saying that. Maybe some of your loser followers or briebart
Most people are laughing and taking the piss out of you...and not because of that dead cat on your head this time!!
@neelnabh but I heard the other way..still I hope u win
their lying, you was so annoying I could barely watch!
