you go Donald!  I am 100% with you!
@realdonldjtrump      keep the balanc btween two world # good adminstrion
all illegitamate polls. You lost you fool
Thanks for starting the movement !
Trump is ahead dont let the liberal media fool you!!! get out and vote Trump
you are a looser your male shovenest
I didn't approve any of those 2, but I've to say I'm dissapointed as well 
How does anyone say nothing with so many words?
Not that any of these polls are biased, considering their conservative roots.  You lost! Get over yourself
@Augustine25 you do know these are faux polls right?
if you have ANY credibility which I hope you do, you will explain what this means. How faux?
meaning they aren't real polls. Just an accumulation of fan Del response.
what makes up a real poll?
calling or engaging people randomly to begin with.
but these are REAL people right? They aren't "fake" people ergo "poll" must be real.
too easily trolled, repeat votins and all three major polls also carried a similar disclaimer:
don’t think the repeat voting an issue. Tested that theory & was only able to vote 1x. Think the enthusiasm of voters important
@realdonldjtrump Yeah right!  Your dropping in the polls ......
Such obvious misinformation, from the king of bs.
@mike_pence Maybe step into the real world...
is a predator and he would like to rule women's bodies and their lives. @FirstLadyIN knows @MikePenceVP  is a Predator 2.
Who needs a poll?  I watched the Debate.  Trump won!
When Trump wins, so does the American people.
Congrats. You deserved. As a freedom fight for decades, I've written a few articles for supporting you. Will send to you.
trump nailed the old hag to the wall..or was it honest Abe? 
@Neptunian2g let's do this ..:: #neverlyingHillary
@jojoleee123 we are so going win this election!
100% scam. These are not real polls.


you are a good man . . .Donald Trump.  You have my vote!
Love you! With u as r leader, we'll kick the arse of the elite pols & MSM to the curb and MAGA. Thank u so much.
@ladysusane2 @SheriffClarke @JudgeJeanine @seanhannity @shadohchaser #media liars at it again. Stay strong deplorables
you killed it
Great Job Mr Trump! It showed that u payed attention 2 ur campaign Stay after CROOKED HILLARY AND STAY ON MESSAGE.
@AnitaDWhite get your shit together Donald and take no prisoners
@MarkGeistSWP  I am far more worried about what hillary has done and what she will do than what Trump has said.
You got your ass wiped, DT. You are an embarrassment to people w/high school diplomas.
You have failed to explain a few things. I would like to know about your Trump U. Tax breaks?
having your kids create fake poles lol, all time low. Admit to your ignorance for god sake, #stopbeingafake
the only movement is the crap that comes out of that cut under your nose 
Let it heal and shut up
why are those sources I've never heard of?
Donald you need to pound Hilary Clinton on her past business. Spence reach out to Military and Patriots
boi you did not win this so please do not
It's inappropriate for MSM to TELL us who WON the 1st #PresidentialDebate. WE THE PEOPLE are deciding this race; not them
HORRIFYING THAT MR BILLIONAIRE HAD SUCH GREAT "PLANNED" LOSSES. WE WANT THE TAX RETURNS.
well we know this is #False..
The bowel movement?
Keep dreaming shitball
2nd Debate Even if the Media Pulls The Same As Lester Just Stay On Topic and Pound Her w/ Facts & Her Failures
I sold 24 vote for trump flags in 20 mins at a festival
Typical Trump supporters, loud and obnoxious but too busy with tinfoil hats to register to vote.
Can't wait to see your face when you lose to the first female President November 8th! Priceless!
poll results from non recognized & in scientific polls! Sounds like desperation for Ur HUMILIATING loss 2 @HillaryClinton
@kayleighmcenany That's right Kayleigh.He did great in the debate. Don't change a thing. Let Donald be Donald. VOTE HILLARY
you won in the unscientific polls, but get pummeled in scientific polls and in focus groups
If you think Trump won this you're hopeless
@mike_pence check her podium next debate to make sure it isn't rigged a TelePrompTer & transponder like last time!
HahahahahahahahahahahahahHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah!
It's sad that this proves that most Americans a re actually idiots
@maddiepeterson_ DT lost the debate. Just like your bf lost at AL. Overrated.
from my impartial European POV, all those trolling comments only show people running scared of him and desperately butthurt
Just troll armies.Even the average citizen knows how the game works.
you can only get 60% of your voting base to agree you won. Sad.
Bernie had a movement, the only movement you have is a bowel movement.
@BorisEP
@EricTrump NOT! @DonaldJTrumpJr
Here's a compilation of sniffing from JUNE 2016. It's been bugging the rest of us for MONTHS:

the only movement you can win is the bowel!
#imWithHer
@EricTrump Sorry boys
Haha. Fox, Brietbart, Drudge Report....? This is what you're going on?
Uncontrolled surveys are not polls. #trumplogic #dumbdon #lazytrump
http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html …

Here. Now you can see how well you did overall...
Your movement is of the bowel #verbaldiarrhea
@GovBrewer this is truly delusional or is it the end of the world
the master in action - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygtFc3eR6So …
You won in all the polls where people could vote more than once. Are you sure you want voter ID laws?
bowel movement? Because you are completely FOS.
What are you smoking? @realDonaldTrump... The Trump ship sinking!
You know these a bogus right? you lost even Fox said you got trounced it was like a shut out you lost to a woman
Again, with the WINNING. Does no one else see this self impressed pattern. Wake up White People.
. 
"Final" debate polls,  Donny? 

"Says Who?"

.
NEXT DEBATE, HAMMER HER ON HER BENGAHZI MURDERS, AND GETTING FIRED FROM WATERGATE !!! OH AND LOSING 6 BILLION DOLLARS !!!
The real numbers are even better than this!
so your Mic was fine, HRC did NOT have a secret device, you were totally healthy, and STILL lost over 2 to 1, to a WOMAN?!
Looks like @realDonaldTrump is really delusional...
you should probably do less cocaine before the next debate.
The biggest newspaper in the US,USA Today,basically calls you deplorable, dishonest, deceitful, disgraceful and disgusting.
ICYMI
You lost for God's sake! Keep reviewing the video to see what a shitty job you did on defense and not pivoting to offense.
You people are pathetically delusional if you think Despicable Donald came anywhere close to winning.
Press on Mr. Trump. If we lose, America as we know it and love it, is over. Finished. Bye.
@JasonMillerinDC What you're forgetting is people can't vote multiple times on Nov 8 like they can in these online polls.
LOL  these "polls" from "news sources" are the same as if you asked your wife and son, so who do you guys think won?
LOL Newsflash: these are not polls. They are surveys that your supporters responded to MULTIPLE times. Keep livin the dream
trump for the first non employed by the government
Ok quote Drudge, FOX, Breitbart, like asking you mother if youre loved,  she don't wont admit that your a serial con man.
I voted multiple times to skew the results. Many of us did to make Chump look like a fool. It worked.
Cheaters are losers, Trump is a winner.
@KatrinaPierson hahahahahajajajajahajahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah. Pathetic
It astounding that Clinton thinks she won.  I guess they don't think much of our intelligence.  Insulting.
She cleaned your clock. #blowyournose
NOT TRUE MORE LIES A TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL MOMENT !!


Only poll that matters will run Nov 8th. Practice fencing. Thrust with your two min. Parry her two min by brushing off.
Many online polls warn readers that they're not scientific surveys;nor do they accurately represent the American electorate
@EricTrump U think u did great in debate? How can u make American great again when u don't even understand what "great" is?
A liar, a freak, a egotistical waste of time!! "Mike drop"
Humpty-Dumpty-TRUMPY....you are the LOSER!!
Yes!
Trump foundation did not "sell out" his country!
Clinton foundation did...keep going after her foundation!
i dont think you could've won a movement unless it included one's bowel.
How many times did "you" vote? #voterfraudalert


the only problem with these poles is nobody goes by those poles
you knowingly listen to bad science.  wtf?  not ideal for the president. or maybe honor means something else to you?
quit kidding yourself

The times on these tweets: 3:20 a.m., 5:14 a.m., 5:19 a.m., 5:30 a.m. 

Something is very wrong with this man. 
hahaha
In fact, fraud, in many of these surveys people can vote multiple times and they can easily be rigged by Internet bots.

Another from Reuters/Ipsos found that 56 percent of respondents thought Clinton won to Trump’s 26 percent......
Another Trump lie"NBC News/SurveyMonkey, found 52 percent of respondents thought Clinton won to Donald Trump’s 21 percent.
. Code for "his" Klan. @HillaryClinton @USWomenVeterans Clinton will make America Whole Again.
@ChristiChat media like @CNN @GMA @MSNBC will never report this,today's headlines @HillaryClinton takes boost after debate
@ChristiChat the voters are speaking forget about @CNN @MSNBC they are just like politicians all talk no action no guts

- Smart Americans hear your message which is #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. We have your back all the way to the White House.
the silent majority has spoken..
We don't believe in Miss Universe & Business Religion... Wake up America & re-think your vote b4 u vote 4 Mr. Trump
A man who blows his own trumpet- going to fall heavily down.Shame on you. We feel for our future , security & Christianity
I was proud of you.
Have they explained to you those really aren't polls?
yes yes yes. He is our last hope and praying he will beat Hillary who is a career criminal
We want you to be our POTUS. You care about all Americans and the USA.

This lifelong democrat Is VOTING TRUMP! No more politicians! No more PC!
and while we are at it, let's get lawyers to b doctors, chefs to be plumbers. Being a politician is a job.
#HesWithUs
You know these are worthless polls.  Let it go.
@steph93065 what do my girls son & Hillary have in common....... THEY LIE ALOT!!
@steph93065 Damn right the movement wins... Hillary lies
@kayleighmcenany  #Denial
@EricTrump Simply Delusional. #AlternateReality
Now the Dems will see how the right felt about Obama in 2008 and 2012. We were right then, and we are right now. #MAGA
On line polls are meaningless. Bannon probably organized this. Useful agitprop, but no more.
TRUMP KEEP YOUR EYE ON OBAMA, CLINTONS DURING DEBATE- I WATCHED A YOUTUBE SAYING THEY HAVE ALOT OF HITS OUT ON YOU
REMEBER- IF YOU HAVE FAITH- YOU CAN MOVE MOUNTAINS--BE SAFE

the BOWEL MOVEMENT
hahahaha
How many times did you vote for yourself? And I'm sure Newt,Rudy,Kellyanne,Chris, Scottie & Kayleigh voted a bunch of times
Y
you do realize that the polls were manipulated by 4chan and reddit?  Posting something like this makes you look ignorant.
deranged!
@kayleighmcenany what a joke!
Hahaha In Your Dreams, half of them are fake & the other half are online polls that are falsified!!
brah, these are online polls. Not scientific polls backed by statistics.
Face reality. He didn't win it
@kayleighmcenany USA editorial board: TRUMP is unfit to be president
#misleading   These are not real polls #deplorable
@EricTrump COURAGE, bcoz he wasn't his VULGAR Self?  So at NEXT 2 Debates will show his COWARDICE by BEING VULGAR?
PLEASE MR TRUM QUIT LASHING BACK AT OTHERS, focus on Hillary that should keep you busy. We need to win and its up to youOK
wow you think online polls mean something. Lulz. Sad.
live on in dreamland. You were an embarrassment during the debate. So unprepared and rude
You are cracking me up !! Noooo, actually, you did not win!
WhaaWhaaWhaa!  Those are poles where you can vote as often as you like.  Totally flakey!
That is too funny. It was the biggest lost ever.  #livesinownreality #TrumpLost
You think by repeating lies eventually people would accept them as truth? Old cons trick, hey?
Only a #DumbOldFrump thinks America is not already great. Insecure #UnAmerican abuser pretending to care about people.
