ALL THESE NEGATIVE IDIOTS ON HERE, ARE HILLARY SPIES, WHO HAVE NOTHING BETTER TO DO!! TRUMPING2016 MAGA. 
Ran into one today pretending to support Trump, but telling ppl that he has no chance to try and demoralize. @LovePep4Ever
Will come back to you November 8th, so don't go anywhere and don't block me.
Negative Nancy, I already took screen shots of your tweets earlier today for Nov 8th .
Hi Kids!!!
. We've always stated that a) the FBI would not indict Clinton and that b) Clinton would almost certainly win.
@wikileaks @dandrezner Hello!!!! 
Go TRUMPING2016 GO
Even @wikileaks now claims Hillary will win. Are you still confident?
If 100% proof comes out that the entire thing is rigged, do you think we're gonna accept?
Women rarely lie about sexual assualt and rape.
so feminists mustn't be real women then... 
And Deplorables aren't real humans!
it was in everyone's interest, her working with the Saudis & Qatar's... To bad they were funding ISIS.
Let me make this clear, HRC is certainly not what I think a great leader is made of. However,Trump is Disaster
I'm simple.
I don't think you buy into the propaganda as much as you pretend. Maybe, just maybe you could be persuaded?
you might be simple like me.
The new polls SUCK for you!
This does not make more sense upon re-reading.
and americans don't understand why parasites like you make money off of 'arbitrage' instead of doing actual work
If we all did what you do, it will kill production of all goods and services bringing economy to a screeching halt.
You are 100% correct.

However, it would be hard to think of too many jobs that would work well if we all did them.
Let's have a vote. Do investment managers & 'arbitrage' artists like @ChrisDeMuthJr contribute positively to society? #Draintheswamp #MAGA
He's a saint that slipped through the cracks. Jeeewezzzz
grab them by the pussy, Donald! Grab them by the pussssssseeeeeeyyyyy
TRUMP IS A RACIST HOMOPHOBIC TRANSPHOBIC XENOPHOBIC SEXIST PIG
You're a terrible person
that's not even her lmao
RT if you think this election is being rigged B4 our eyes! #MAGA
@undercover0000 @realDonaldTrump @vine hair ya that's wrigged not the election !! Your a liar Donald stop with the bullshit
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Just because you say they "got caught" doesn't make it so.  Not by any stretch. But keep up with your lies.
Trump Campaign Update
Im confused... polls are good, polls are rigged.  Which is it?
I think Trump is more ahead then the polls show Obama Clinton news has no credibility they can't seem to report the truth
So how come the new polls aren't full of lies?
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
yes you got caught now it's time to pay for if bull shit was music you would a brass band
snivel snivel snivel. Cry cry cry...
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Uh, news flash, orange one: the new polls are not good. @realDonaldTrump
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught


Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Who would ever put faith in a poll from these LIBERAL CORRUPT ORGANIZATIONS? Trump women supporters are standing strong!!!!

Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Actually #Trump you got caught
they are looking awful
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
so if the polls say you're winning they aren't rigged after all?
There is something seriously wrong with you. Forget the drug test, you need a full on psychiatric evaluation.
He is a very unstable,vindictive, bigoted unhinged hate filled monster who will destroy America & start nuke war!
face it, smart women hate you
If their stories are made up then you lied on the bus bragging about sexual assault.
: Polls were after yr 70yo sexual predatory behavior. @HillaryClinton! #NeverEnoughTicTacs #ClintonKaine2016 #NeverEverTrump
.@realDonaldTrump you can keep lying to yourself Donald, but stop lying to America
Ronald Reagan Is Turning in his grave right now. To hear you crying and crying and such a HUGE WIMP. MY GOD. ENOUGH!
270 electoral votes needed to win it all. It must be demoralizing to be a Trump supporter.
TRUMP is going to be our next POTUS, get use to it. #HillaryForPrison
Haha I guess you Mormons just call it Polygamy right?
Astonishing ignorance! Polygamy is not a practice of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Days Saints.
https://www.lds.org/?lang=eng 
but it's a true principle of everlasting gospel, right? We just don't believe in practicing polygamy RIGHT NOW. Wrong?
You are not making sense.
what doesn't make sense? Polygamy is a true doctrine of the gospel as restored by Joseph smith. Right? U believe in D&C 132? Yes?
you can't play dumb with me. I'm one of you. You want to attack that guy for his polygamy remark but you do BELIEVE in the truth
Like this new poll?
Monmouth is on the Clinton payroll, here's a leaked email :-)

your family must be embarrassed of you by now with what's coming out of your mouth I really liked you in the beginning
his family isn't embarrassed and def stand by him. That's what family is about: not judging.
OK   LOL
"our Women" what, do you own us now....you are a joke
I was hoping it would but that video doesn't prove that all Dems are lying pieces of anal puke. Misleading and disappointing.
just hear MrTrump on Savage radio show say will meet with Putin if elected before inauguration! Will work towards peace!!!
You have a problem with females?
Huh?
You thinking anyone actually believes the words coming out of your mouth is laughable. #LiarInChief
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught

You seem to have a lot of spare time
why does our elections get crazier and crazier? 
I've always said,the person we would want for prez wouldn't want the job...
you're cool.

I wish I could vote for her but the only thing I agree with her on is LGBT rights, but she goes to extreme on a lot of things
that tweet actually doesn't make sense. You should fire the person that writes these.
Can we fire Trump?  YOU'RE FIRED!
That is so true
Bernie San must know we Rep are not idiots but  intelligent and will not vote for  H.....
great comments
you were quoted in a story by @NPR
You are delusional.  I can't imagine who falls for your nonsense.
We are behind you 100% Rework your debate material, call her out on her sleazy LIES and CORRUPTION.
Let's all pitch in a special $10 donation today to show @realDonaldTrump we're still with him. #MAGA #TrumpTapes

…
I'll remember that when your kids are reading about us in history books, son.
We'll see.
You are losing in every poll.
yup new polls are good bc #ImWithHer
keep spirit. It has been so great you finaly could step up till the final.
which democratic governor dust said Obamacare is a joke????
Sad normie Pepe is the last one on the train, baby hands. America knows you're a loser!
wherever I go in Va. i see Trump signs and no Hilary. So why do they claim you're doing poorly here. I don't believe it.
Left Media & Clinton Camp R rigging election. We need 2 unite,remind/get/drive voters 2 polls.
you can't afford to have your nose get more ugly so tell the truth for once #egomaniac #Pinocchio #lier
but, but...you said they were rigged.
Just got back from Laughlin NV most, if not all of the snow bird support Trump/Pence campaign. We are counting on you.
deception since the 40's. Now they don't even try to hide it!
UR job forget this and get elected by bringing up all of Hillarys issues. Stay off yours. Stay on offense, it will win.
you need to attack Hillary with the Wikileaks in the next debate. You have a lot of things to throw at her win others vote
where is the report on their lies?  Omfg you are a lunatic!!!

I think you're mixed up. YOU got caught. It's not the same. Just sayin...
You got caught and you've yet to own it.  Pro tip:  Honest candidates would have returned to issues.  You look guilty pal.
he is seriously losing it.
No, you got caught.
go after Clinton on the issues that is her achilles' heel. Deny the allegations and move on
It's best not to drink a bottle of Bourbon before you tweet... Just a thought
keep telling you wife that bro.
Q poll has u tied in OH. @NateSilver538 translates that to u being 2 points behind! Time to celebrate!!!
make your vote count and vote your heart
how in the world did she get the questions? Remember be cool do not play into her.
New polls show @realDonaldTrump down by 12 points.

https://www.monmouth.edu/polling-institute/reports/MonmouthPoll_US_101716/ …
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
So you DO have trust in the polls. So if Hillary wins & polls support that result, then the election wasn't rigged, right?
YOU KNOW YOU ARE A PEDO!
most effective anger management, use Trump as your pouching bag! And as a stress reduction bag too! Try it! Work well!
https://thinkprogress.org/trump-beauty-pageants-naked-2dc4b6c6d507#.yga7h4r71 …
your so full of it
#Loser
How about owning your own mistakes... Novel idea... but you likely can't read
I thought it was rigged? You are a liar
Wow, @realDonaldTrump celebrates great polls for Hillary Clinton! He tried to deceive public by lying abt sexual assault but we know better.
GOD IS WATCHING AND COUNTINGG UP YOUR LIES.  HE WILL SHOW YOU THAT YOU CAN NOT TREAT PEOPLE THE WAY YOU DO.
Don't believe the media polls! I am a white educated women who voted early for you and so did other silent majority!
Liar. It's over. Don the con. Lets hope ur supporters don't go after u
Good luck @tonight's debate!Christians would like you to mention  a Bible verse to prove ur beliefs+Catholic Spring/clinton
yeah because women should never be front and centre. They'd get in your way. Oh they already have.
Go TRUMP
@DiamondandSilk poor people don't tweet or FB MR.D talk to them people go into the streets but don't advertise until done
stay on topic don't stoop to her level at the next debate. America is with you
watch the video where they admit and explain how they bird-dog your rallies!
@American1765 there names Marissa And Holley 9-11 they want Donald Trump to fix America
.You should have gave all Media people money,Then they would like you and stop lying about you! Think outside box Trump!
You are going to lose the election. What then?
But, the media are the ones polling voters. So, if you don't trust the media, how do you trust the polls?
the Women turn out to vote more than the men statistically speaking.
Which polls are you citing?
your world must be wonderful!

. A losers lament
YEA ALL UR ACCUSERS ARE LIERS. BUT BILLS are true. U R DEPLORABLE
quit whining

Barack Obama

Got caught by whom?
Sounds like something you did
wow. You truly understand the propagation of the rape culture in America don't you. Cuz this is a prime example.
You're an old perv. It's ok, just say it. Pple will respect u more.
Taken from ur own vocab....you started this
Yep....He drew FIRST BLOOD!
surprising that your live in Fairview and are against trump. Fairview is a Trump stronghold
Come, come Donald Trump. We know who got caught with his pants down, figuratively speaking.
You, Donald, are the one that got caught ...
donnie kick her ass Tom Nite please
Melaniabot tired of lies from left wing Jew media.
America should be ashamed to present such a person to the world as a serious candidate for president -  what shame
Donald, as much as you would like to sweep this under the rug, you said these words and it's obvious you experienced them
Grabby Don.
so if election is rigged for u to lose, why bother campaigning? Why tell yr fans to vote?

grab that pussy
got caught sexually assaulting women and racia
U really have problems w/ women, so a woman in power would tear you up inside, especially if she beats you @HillaryClinton
in disbelief at how deep the RIGGING is. Have u seen this???
The media are so corrupt. Shameful they can report anything but the truth. I only watch or listen to Fox News.
you're are caught, caught with ur lips searching for a landing spot & grabbing the vagina. We all know ur sexual predator!
Stop Whining 

 #StopWhining
WRONG, You even touched Ivanka for years inappropriately. PEDAPHILE!!! You are walking proof that evil is among us.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/17/opinion/donald-trump-the-worst-of-america.html?smid=fb-nytimes&smtyp=cur …
I don't know what polls you are looking at bit overall you are more than tanking. Sorry Charlie...not happening.
please go back to the issues, no need to defend yourself, just talk economy, ISIS and immigration, you will win !!
says who Donald? We're r u getting your falsehood facts so you can continue to lie to your base cause no one else believes
WoW
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/lawsuit-accusing-trump-raping-girl-13-december-hearing-article-1.2828413 …
You got my wife & I absentee votes today. Good Luck! We need you to Make America Great Again!
here your girlfriend @KellyannePolls has a urgent msg 4 U
People magazine convenient witnesses shows how high a level Schizophrenia has reached in America!
You love polls Donnie. Oh. Except when you're losing. Get used to it. Much more coming

Media poisoning voter pool is legit get off the rest & get back to Clintons failures get on your message please need 2 win!
I never believe it
u won't b able to fight 4 us b/c u won't stop taking the bait!!!! I'm so mad at u
really, like this poll?
Hilary: we can't let trump bully his way to the house. I say: we can't let her scam/lie her way to The white house.
Clinton later admitted to one sexual encounter with Flowers in a 1998 deposition for the Paula Jones lawsuit.
please sir. Stay focused deliver a knock out punch. This will be your last chance to save America. Our youth depend on it
Ah but woman voters are defeating you.
Now we Must focus on the ISSUES!! Hillary can't win on those!!!
They are your words
Never Trump
your such a baby, so transparent, now your going to lose because people are realising what your like - boo hoo, boo hoo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY&feature=youtu.be … VOTER FRAUD!
must concentrate on issues and stop answering the opponents accusations.  Showing lack of self constraint.  Prove u r 4 USA
why does media do this. Give the guy respect. It's very sad. Expand your campaign to get the polls up.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/10/17/exclusive-okeefe-video-sting-exposes-bird-dogging-democrats-effort-to-incite-violence-at-trump-rallies/ …

you admitted to forcing yourself on women on tape and witnesses coming forward! November 8th The Pussy Grabs Back!
GREAT NEWS, Mr. Trump.  AMERICA DOES NOT NEED THOSE ARKANSAS HILLBILLYS. YOU WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
