Hoping McCain 's tenure is coming to an end. Either he will go out from health related issue or he will be voted out. Either way, we win
How can you claim to love God, and still support Trump? He's everything Christianity is against.
If they were Jews I could get it, because keeping Israel together and whatnot in the old test., but where do they get the idea that Jesus thinks that we should isolate and hate others? The way they treat immigrants and muslims, what bible are they reading?

That's right, Donnie, focus on the important things, like grabbing pussy and RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA!
You weren't in a locker room; you were wired, on a bus, with many other ppl.
Trump = cheating pig. Bigly
Oh my, the little ugly, spoiled trolls must think Trump is doing as great s I do!  A good sign! love my POTUS and FLOTUS!
You wish, you draft dodger.
DJT walks in on women in their dressing rooms! Pervert behavior!

Locker room talk my arse! You have 20 women accusing you of sexual assault etc!!!!!!
We saw the real DJT, someone who feels he can take adv. of women!
men don't talk like you did in locker rooms!
Youre sexual Harassment comments you mean.
Nasty!
Enjoy prison
Only you & domestic assault perps call that "locker-room" talk. The rest of America calls it misogynistic, verbal abuse.
#Trump @womensmarch
Wow, speaking of foul mouthed!
A dotard in his dotage.
You should be dropped for being a dotard in his dotage.
Your such a #liarinchief.  Every time you open your mouth or tweet.  Nothing but LIES!
Because @SenJohnMcCain is an American Hero!!
Hey Don -- John McCain just blew up Trumpcare.
Obama pardoned convict felons, killers, traitors you name it.
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons … McCains a weasel!
Didn't John McCain call his wife the "c" word in public once?  (Probably not once.)
Go to bed little boy, none of us want to listen you
There is more like him around u. Be careful, alert and 2 steps ahead of the rest around you. Including Rhinos.  Rep not backing u.
@SenJohnMcCain is not the forgiving sort. He holds grudges.
He won what? I dont recall him being president...
there was a march based on a quip in a bus ... and they conveniently left out the "they let you" part which is significant
what's sad is that some people thought you were actually being serious with that statement. Willfully ignorant of jokes.
Personally can't stand McCain and what he is doing so obvious the man has a 6 YR Term and owes a LOT of favors. HES NO HERO! Just a RINO
He's a turn coat always has been always will be
Irony, that's what's for dinner.
McCain is no war hero, he is a traitor then and still one now!
@SenJohnMcCain  john mccain is foul mouthed?right that damn mccain is bragging about grabbing puxxys.   Hes a disgrace!!
That's ok his days are numbered
Publicly called his wife a c**t

Dear @realDonaldTrump: You should give John McCain a break. After all, he's got golf-ball-sized tumors on his frontal lobes. (Retirement?) https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/785885793340448769 …
Well... you should have known better.
Look up "Keating 5" S&L Crisis. McCain involvement
He's a deep state swampdweller
"You knew I was a snake" now clean house
In Ohio they're called fair weather friends, no good really just acquaintances.
Locker room remarks!   U mean ur sexual harassment remarks! # Loser/Con Man/Fraud
This all adds up to being bit when ya least need it. But i's hard to learn when ya don't take measures to STOP what brings on getting bit.
Traitorous John McCain never did support you,he was looking for a free ride. #SongbirdMcCain
"Hold my coke spoon" said @Scaramucci
Sorry he's sick however he's a Dem in Rep fleece !
@moenjonh His vote shows his lack of commitment to his constituents! Shameful excuse of a Senator! Thank ful for @POTUS
McCain's commitment is to himself and spite for the president.
Teach him a lesson and punch him in the pussy!
McCain never had any character or spine, he's a Traitor lying that no Vietnam #POWS we're left behind, then passed a bill to cover his LIE!!
He's part if the deep state Soros puppet
Can't trust a "songbird" and a "snake" promising to not bite.
They're users.  Only good when they need something.  McCain is a lying POS that needs to be behind bars and all his assets seized.
Why is the foul mouthed Scaramuccci still working for you today?  #failureFriday
Hey....Scary is Don's brother-from-another-mother, right?
#FailedTrumpPresidency
You can't trust a snake whose idea of a "moderate Syrian rebel" is an ISIS leader who eats the heart of his captive:
You won the final round.  You're @POTUS, he's not.

Judas McCain strikes again. Arizona what were you thinking???
Stop being so goddamned nice! They're playing you like a fiddle! We're sick of corruption calling the shots.
@SenJohnMcCain needs to retire now.. done enough damage with his lies..
He was never with you!
End The Congressional exemption from Obamacare!!!!!
Come out and publicly support @kelliwardaz
Which was private male chatter. Women do it too (worse) btw. Sorry your privacy wad invaded.
It's because he is a back stabber and a hypocrite. I am told by many women that when they go out the "talk" is much more graphic
Maverick!!!!
McCain is a traitor Ask those who knew him in the military He is for himself not Americans
Thats how traitors are @POTUS
Never, ever trust, #JohnMcCain  he is a back stabbing old, Rino
You mean this scumbag?
He's an evil and twisted old man. A Soros puppet.
Yes he's a scumbag...
#Alwaystrump 
We support you Mr. President, the American people elected you because they are disgusted with the DC swamp, McCain is part of the cesspool!
Not many can say they punked you, but John got you good. Was very sad hearing those ads

Yuck
You were right he is no heroe
Make senator and congress have to have and use Obamacare if it's so good. Guarantee they will come up with repeal and replace overnight
You tired of winning, yet? Learn not to offend women from Alaska, Maine, and actual heroes and you might be able to get things done
@SenJohnMcCain is a very bitter, crotchety dinosaur politician.
Cutting off his nose to spite his face at #USA cost.
Embarrassing himself.
He need to go along with Collins and Murkowski who've been NO from day 1
More worried about their jobs than the people.  Get them the F out!
I'll note the irony of this tweet and Smoochie's interview that was not in the locker room...
AMERICA has enough DIRT on sen JOHN mccain,to and his reign,investigate him,he is corrupted,lock him up 4 treason/ traitor
Judas, Turncoat McCain will be voted out. He should withdraw and death with his health issues. He is acting unstable mentally.
Fire the leakers, #draintheswamp & vote out nasty old GOP senators, then maybe Trump can get things done on his agenda!
 @Scaramucci
#MAGA
Learned a lesson. Get rid of snakes McCain, Ryan,etc.
McCain IS A Liar Back Stabber To @realDonaldTrump & AMERICANS DOUBLE TALKS LIKE DEMS RETIRE
You are a fool and got played. Repeal the Ocare tax. That will kill it faster. Make the Congress have to buy Ocare themselves. They're trash
I never liked him and he showed his true colors many years ago
.
.                   Tweedy Bird Voted against repeal like a good trader.
.
@JohnMcCain should be forced to have Obamacare.
Should've supported Kellie Ward
McCain - American Zero.
The "songbird" can never be trusted.
His thought processes and allegiances have been running amuck lately.  Write an executive order repealing Obamacare and be done with it.
John McCain should be voted OUT of office like yesterday!
@SenJohnMcCain are you on #Obamacare ? If not why do you force us to be on it? I pay 20% of my salary in insurance. Punishment for hardwork?
need to go out n the offense. Americans hate @SenJohnMcCain. You must destroy him.
He back stabbed my President McCain did and back stabbed Americans get rid of this Rino
No worries because we know we (you and your supporters) will get it done without their help even if its kicking and screaming.  GREAT JOB
He will be gone soon, and when he is, do the repeal!
Here's your Russian link - Talk to Chucky Boy !
McCain is the lowest of the lows. He is nothing more than a liberal swamp dweller.
McCain is a traitor. A nwo military industrial complex puppet. Who is dumb enough to keep voting for this trash? #ThrowHimOut
That's because John McCain is a backstabbing traitor. He won't flinch at the idea of arming terrorists But can't support his own President
I knew you should have never supported any of those RINOs during primaries. Was it Priebus that advised poorly. You can't play with snakes.
Keep at it President Trump, the American people, at least the ones that have a clue, remain with you 
These Senators are thin skin they all think should b President but he has always been A Democrat vote with them all open borders see Demo
He is a snake.
Yup!
Sorry...but...boys AND girls...ALL are guilty of locker room talk-but @SenJohnMcCain flat out is a disgrace 2 the Republic & Oath of Office
sign an EO rescinding the Obamacare exemption of Congress immediately. Make them live under the laws they pass.
who's the dummy?
Because McCain is a POS! Always has been and always will be...it's exactly why he can't escape God's wrath...
To get any lip out of John McChain u going to have to scrape them off of Schumer Butt
You need to clean house and never trust McCain, McConnell, and Ryan again. It is time for the American people to rise up and fix this NOW!!!
Karma--Mr. President--he will get his due!
You're in a pit of snakes, DO NOT trust establishment politicians! They'd rather Julius Caesar you then make America Great.
@SenJohnMcCain is an obstructionist simply bc you called him out for what he really is.  He will continue to spite you 2 the detriment of US
3 THINGS CAN'T HIDE; SUN, MOON & TRUTH
It's true! Asked for President Trump's public endorsement in Az against the strong opponent Kelly Ward. And been stabbing him ever since
He's a self serving traitor.
He a dirty old 
Just like ur dude bill #juanita broaddrick?
@SenJohnMcCain craves attention & want all eyes on him & could care less about what's best for the country. He needs to resign asap.
Way to send your AZ hurting constituents, the American people, and your own party a big middle finger!
McCain is perfect example for term limits. Of course he never would've voted on it. Now you can go enjoy your platinum healthcare. Traitor
McCain has shown his true colors... run on repeal and join the party of no... it's on the three and the dems when obamacare fails and shame
Way to go out, McCain! Your AZconstituents, your party and the hurting American people will not have anything good to remember you! Traitor!
@VP @POTUS This Guy-->@SenJohnMcCain Sneaking Something inside the #NDAA LOOK CLOSELY, Remember #TermLimits its time to #DrainSwampSenators
Investigate his treason on Dossier along with receiving funding from Soros and asking Russia to donate to his campaign. CORRUPT
Don't be bringin up #FakeNews - Songbird is a pathelogical liar and cares only about himself. Some things don't change only the victims.
"Very Foul Mouthed"

I know you like to build houses out of gold, but consider for a moment what they say about glass ones?...
Make his decrepit ass vote again
You said he wasn't a hero. You insulted him. Publicly. He just beat you at your own game. McCain: game, set, match. You are not #winning Don
A coworker at lunch was playing b-ball. A woman remarked "I wish I was that b-ball right now" Bunch of hypocrisy to fault Trump 4 remarks.
Thank you President Trump.
...and now, he stabbed you in the back. Should have supported @kelliwardaz
Yup, we all got burned by @SenJohnMcCain tonight. #RepealObamaCare
He's a compromised peadophile working for the soros funded European elite
I've said worse then Trumps mouth could even fathom, trust me, I'm vulgar.
As did everyone with common decency.
Ironically liking this in July 2017.
You treat all people as personal affirmations to your self-proclaimed greatness - including the boy scouts
what are you talking about?!!  You use woman as your personal backdrop no locker room talk is necessary for us to understand your behavior
And that's why he will missed when gone and books and movies made about him. You will be skid mark on underpants of history.
#TBT! The very foul mouthed John McCain edition! A man with principles and morals!
Just a reminder: This shitty guy IS you president. For how long is he bearable?
Because Sen. McCain is a MAN with principles. YOU have NONE
McCains remark to nut job lady at rally about Obama should show you what class is. He has character you should try to emulate, but won't.
@Nikluk That didn't age well.
Mean Trump
Wow. #Karma
You're not qualified to lick his boots.
"@POTUS" didn't get daddy Putin' s dick today, that's why @realDonaldTrump is upset
@SenJohnMcCain
NOBODY is indispensable so STOP the whiny 'we can't do it without him'
dialog
Because he is the smart one you dummy!!!
That wasn't locker room banter and has NO PLACE in our society! Shame on YOU!
You weren't in a locker room and it's probably the first time in your life you told the truth. Move to Russia.
not sure McCain has any weight left to justify your attention. There are much bigger fish for you to fry.
oh he's a backstabber and to faced.
Not as foul as selling out to The Saudis....
@azarze
