Do you like Hillary?
If not 4 PE & Twitter all we would have is a scripted speech & with the media who just got exposed
Go get em Mr. President
You're up against @amjoyshow at that time, and she's worth watching! You, more lies to the American ppl! No to @FoxNews!
you are not the least bit enjoyable.
at faux news eh? No thanks. Ivanka, dear lord take your dad's twitter account away!
future traitor in Chief on a station near you! You're not even in and you have scandal following. Never happened with Obama
please follow me.I have startling evidence of election fraud by Hillary's camp.I can DM you.
Donald is it true the Russians have been rigging the votes on tekel towers
and you did NOT win the election, you lost by over 2 million votes. Vladimir Putin put you in power
yeah......looking forward for it, MAY GOD BLESS YOU, DJT.....
I don't think it's Russia per say who hacked ( if ). I think it's individuals. As you said in their bed! Ref. Wikileaks !
emoluments ... Fraud ... Antitrust violations ... Leveraging *(us) A ... You will not make it Or your extortionist cabinet.
So sorry, We don't watch Fox.  Giving Face the Nation a go this morning.
Hope you thanked Putin for your election! @realDonaldTrump
trump won cause the majority of the country saw how liberalism was destroying us from within. Quit crying
Trump won but you can't say majority of the country. More votes went to HRC. That's majority.
no they didnt your insane
This is a joke right? The proof is out there yet you're blind to it. True Trump supporter.
Proper grammar is for chumps.
your arrogance divides this country. The presumed assumption that we'll ENJOY your interview speaks to UR arrogance #omg
Enjoy? This is not a reality show or entertainment. This is real man. You have some questions to answer so better prepare
Hope they heckle you about #russianhacking & your buddy #Putin helping you.

Oh - silly me. I forgot it's #FoxNews. #Trump
FOX is as much a joke as MSNBC. You can't turn on the TV to get REAL news, when will Libs realize that?
Who said anything about #MSLSD?
:{
Mr Prez. I hear your meeting with Tech people this week, tell them to STOP shipping our Tech jobs to India!  Please....
sorry I will be at church praying for our country !!!
"Enjoy"? Still the entertainer, right Trump?
I am a native from Mexico City.  I voted for you because I believe you love this country and want to make a better world.

What state are you in? Maybe you can help with the national popular vote
I shall be watching. Many Bahamians have a keen interest in American Politics.
Wow, that's great, an interview with the elusive Donald Trump!
Thanks for the warning but never watch a news station who is in your pocket.
Will your boyfriend Putin also be there or are you waiting to make your engagement announcement on Jan 20?
hlo sir..
please explain why you are dismissing & discrediting our CIA & siding with Russia? That's not very American of you.
The CIA are TOTALLY biased.  SAD.  We will have the best spies in a month!! #MAGA
really? So you trust russia more??  And now you will hand pick who works for the cia...  wtf
He is so smart he doesn't need any more intelligence.  No daily briefs, skipping them makes him smart!! Idiot
trump will save us from what they have done to our country
by selling out to Russia?  Yeah, good luck with that
go to your security briefs. The American ones not Putin's

Trump won cause US sees how liberalism is runining our country.The Russians didnt do it. Neither did the space aliens.
what new jobs countless factories left the country  I pay 500 dollars more a month now for heath insurance.
LOL your lord Trump is inheriting the best economy in a generation! Clearly you lack knowledge.
Best economy?? Are you slow or just stupid? Math is a thing. Even liberals should understand
LOL!!! Do a little research big shooter!
Exactly. Do research. Obama the only president in history of USA that didn't achieve 3% GDP
What's the unemployment rate again? Where wasthe economy when he took over from Bush?
Don't miss @FoxNewsSunday w/ #PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump & host Chris Wallace @ 10amE- from Trump Tower, #TrumpForceOne& the #ArmyNavy game.
Impeach this man-child before it is too late

#WeWon 
GET OVER IT!
Omg you're in love with Trump 
YES WE ARE! It's about time we had a REAL POTUS!

thank God electoral College decides the POTUS. We could've had 4 more years of Obama

:Hey Donnie are you releasing your taxes yet? Or was that a lie too?
people need to quit being jealous and get smarter when they file their taxes
not jealous, just want him to be honest for a change. Plus we need to know if he using US to make himself$$
its more then money hes putins puppet cia fbi evidence. Proves we were hacked
you talking about the guys who gave us WMD in Iraq?
gave us Intel to kill OBL, stop 100 or so terrorist attacks, admits to stiffing joe
. The OBL that THEY created? And BTW, who saw the body? Seriously,  don't be gullible.
#DumbDonald .. any other news networks?  Some that ask tough questions?  Or, just ass-kissing ones?  Evangelical one next?
your presidency is illegitimate and you're a fraud.
“@realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed today on...” STOP SELF-PROMOTING YOURSELF ALREADY! THIS IS REAL WORLD NOW, NOT REALITY TV! GROW UP!
I believe people want to see what he has to say. I certainly do, so stop complaining XD lol
That's not complaining, friend. That's asking the man to stop smiling for the cameras and do his homework.
What makes you so sure he isn't doing his HW tho?
how many security briefings has he attended?
What makes you so sure he'd make that public? Don't expect his life to be public to everyone all of the time.
that is most definitely our business. It was with the current POTUS...why wouldn't it be with The Orange Fool? He works 4 us
She would have hid so much more, but nobody would complain. Hence why people don't react too crazy now about her "deleted" emails.

THANK GOD 4fathers had electorals 2 keep lib, USA hating, lazy/unintell bottom feeders from ruining USA!

he doesn't wanna be president
He also can't read
. @realDonaldTrump Seriously. What dirt does Putin have on you? Are you being blackmailed & selling out America to protect yourself?
There's something. I don't know what, but DJT is bending over backwards to keep Russia happy. They have something on him.
the @RNC was hacked too, keep up.
is Russia going to forgive your debt for lifting sanctions?
'Enjoy!' BITCHITHINKTHEFUCKNOTYOUTRICKASSBITCH
quick question. When is Donald Trump not a pathological liar? When is Mount isn't moving?
good luck with MSM you need all the http://luck.you  can bear
You lost the popular vote
Weird how 3 million illegals voted and Michigan stopped its recount b/c of massive exposure of voter fraud
weird how you can make things up to support your claims.
What no SNL bashing?
what's their to enjoy ?
You'll speak bunch of sugercoated lies

Nope .Explain ! And yea very sad ik
shut up
So many concerns about potential conflict of interest. Where was the hoopla when Bill Clinton got rich using NAFTA.
Great interview!!!#MAGA!!!
next time use J. Goebbels, you did a poor job today, Conaway well think of Gisela Grese ,the same result.
Fox is now the official Sputnik of the United States. Now, which nation will lead the way, fight and protect #FreePress?
Awesome ! We the People Repsect and Thank You for All You are doing and aggressive commitment to !
WINNING! ! ! ! ! ! ! . . . . . . . Saludos!
I'll be walking into my kitchen and eating lunch at half time...I'm pretty sure people actually care 
AsU CRITICIZD BOZO OBAMA:STOP W/YR OVERBLOWN EGO, DT:U MUST C SECURITY BRIEFGS DAILY.BHO TRYG2FkUsoUSayStupidThingsAsU DID.
yeah you got Fox News in your hip pocket but the excellent News Anchor Megyn Kelly is not your puppet. You don't like her

too smart for intelligence briefings??? You're a joke
.@realDonaldTrump Stop the distractions! #wagthedog #trumpleaks #trumplies #russianhacking
Going to discuss the intricacies of being a puppet?
Afraid to be interviewed by anyone other than Fox News, huh?
We know you think you are. @realDonaldTrump #trumpmemes #dumptrump #politicalcartoon #clueless #notmypresident
chris Wallace an opportunist like his father
itshowed how incompetent you are & arrogant & you don't believe Russians have anything to do with the election. Your Nuts
he destroyed you punk!
more lies and falsehoods coming out of your mouth.

so smart you don't need daily intelligence mtg?  They're not about that kind of intelligence. Also Pence not smart then?
I'd rather watch football than listen to your nonsense #notmypresident
why do you keep saying "Enjoy!" like you're giving the American people a treat?
I'll enjoy doing ANYTHING other than watching your baboon face on tv. Don't get your #TrumpleThinSkin too close to lights.
YES ASSHOLE.LOSER.2.LOSER.2.5
you're a "smart person?" Nothing you have said has been mildly intelligent. Your college degree must have been honorary.
I was busy pulling out nose hairs.
Do a real interview on The Young Turks. You won't because you are scared and don't like to be challenged.
#chrisWallace isn't as smart as he thinks he is.
17 intelligence agencies said Russia was behind hacking.  Please try to be an adult and support investigations.
what intelligence reports showed you will deflect, blame, & attack.  You are reckless & petulant.
only problem is he's a establishment hack
FOX= Trump Safe Space
#MAGA 
I would better enjoy an icepick through my eye!
did @DrJillStein start a gofundme and ask for a recount yet?
sure go to your KISS ASS NETWORK who cups your ball as they swallow all you give them
Great interview, Mr. President!
MAKE ME
...gag...
Oh I did enjoy your Chris Wallace interview especially when he CALLED YOU ON YOUR BULLSHIT about the Russian hacking! LOL
stop promoting yourself and get a job
watch your back!
airs today in Fox at 1:00P.M. CST
No you're the puppet. Sad!
love it keep it going
I will make sure to watch something else 
who cares
Enjoy what?
"Enjoy" is such a strong word
Way to put on your big boy pants and do an interview, rather just vomit on us over twitter
I'll enjoy if you fall in a hole
so why is Chris spreading fake news about the CIA report? I heard him say CIA says Russia supported Trump?
you lied about the Boeing deal for AFO. will your tell the truth tonight?
Chris Wallace be honest!  Trump said his team is briefed daily, they keep him informed - this is how leadership works
Focus on Jobs. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/05/business/dealbook/manufacturing-jobs-donald-trump-elon-musk.html …
we love how visable you are!!! Please keep doing what you are doing!! Making America Great Again!!!
Taxes please - as every other President has show us.
No thanks
I will be watching. Praying for the decisionsupport you making.
Great interveiw today President Trump! You are accomplishing so much for our country
Did you ENJOY! my interview on 10:00 (Eastern) Network at Fox News time? I talked about ridiculous CIA and their FAKE NEWS!
and who cares
You keep confusing surprising with great and or landslide. To unite would be to admit most of America doesn't want you.
Keep on making a fool of yourself!!! Here is to hoping the electors do the right thing and nix you !!!
again if you want to address we the people, you will when you finally have the courage. I politely decline.
Please do an interview or open up for the press (other than FOX news).  Please!  You are president elect of all of us!
Release your taxes, prove you are not Putin's Puppet, prove you really care about America and not your China bank loan.
46th out of 58 elections is a weak performance, not even close to a landslide. -2.8mm votes = weak #minorityPresident
The fact that I have to hear your name and see your face, everyday for the next 4 years, is nauseating. @FoxNewsSunday
have you apologized to the Cadets and Midshipmen for suggesting their game was second rate?
That was a really good interview. Thanks

great interview Mr. President! 
Your Chris Wallace interview...Pathetic,not presidential,you r not part time. Start preparing. Quit leaving to others!
who cares you lost by 2.6 million votes you are a dope and will always be a NY svhmuck
Would never watch!
The continuing pain on mainstream media faces is priceless. They have no control & in turn have become irrelevant. Love it.
川大爷，你好呀
what a doofus
No distractions from your #treason. We've got your # on diversion. NOT THIS TIME.
a real journalist. Ha he
#NOTMYPRESIDENT
who gives a shit - you lie 75% of the time, I'm sick of your bullshit
Who cares Donald.  SAD!!!
I'll be busy draining a swamp #Donnywithbadhair
idiot.
stop it, we don't care
Softball city
Who gives a flying SHIT!!! PUTTIN PUPPET!!!
keep tweeting Donald, because the Media won't report the truth, unless its Fox news.
did you get to review and edit the questions in advance?  why not a press conference!
how can I help
I'm gonna be on the @redgreenshow if ya care compadre
funny you have no idea what a free market is. "its a dumb market"
Well they are the Fake news site of a Fake President and #PutinPuppet #LoserToHillary 2.8+ million and counting. ENJOY LOSER !
can't wait to watch!!!
yep, looks like even fox news is over your bullshit...
Enjoy? Enjoy what?? Like it is entertainment or something? You honestly think we R privileged 2 watch U? how egotistical!
Chaffee for sos.
DID
Yes, it is best to stay in safe areas and not talk to the real press in person Baby-man.
: you are a Russian stooge; #Putin's little lapdog, Donnie #Trumpski. It's #Russia v. USA, and you picked the #pinkos.
glad I missed it.
you and fox news were made for each other.
Enjoy? What are you kidding me?  Liar!!
the Liberals will look for every excuse they can come up with to keep us divided. Yet they preach "can't we all get along"
amazing interview. Well done
UNLIKELY.
What about doing interviews in other networks...you know, free press. Is mentioned in the Constitution, you know.
Great interview. The look on @foxnewsSunday 's face told me all I needed to know. LOL.
hris Wallace is an opportunist like his father
how my God
Chris Wallace is a poison snake from hell. His interviews are only retarded, re-cycled attacks. The creep is satan's bro
#WRONG you are incapable of telling the truth. You lie about everything, then blame others for your failures. No character!
Saw a clip on @ThisWeekABC. You look ill, physically. You've always been ill, mentally. You lied about Russia AGAIN. #UNFIT
thanks for the heads up - I will be sure NOT to watch
pls take time if you would to protect wildlife from poachers ~ Too many will become extinct if we don't act on their behalf
You're great !
of course u will be on fox. They will. It not ask u tough questions Thai u can't answer
who cares
you are a tool
