Obviously @nytimes is run by a bunch of liberals who r hoping to get sympathy just like HRC's book tour! Not happening! America hates liars
they are boasting about their fake achievements.
I think you made this up, like you made up their "apology", dork!
if they wanted to be known as the "failing" @nytimes I'm sure they'd make it part of their handle. grow up.
he's incapable of doing so

Somebody call the waaaaahmbulance?

.@realDonaldTrump @thefarmbabe @nytimes Via the @AP
the @nytimes sure as hell has lost credibility in the agriculture sector ;)
The NY Times writes plenty of pro-GM pieces. Remember the anti FB one? They have 100s of writers
it only takes one by .@dannyhakim to well & truly blow it
You're citing your own piece to discredit the entire @nytimes? In response to a @realDonaldTrump RT?
responding specifically to the suggestion that the NYT has run positive stories re ag biotech.
we don't need pro GM stories. we don't need anti GM stories. we need fact based stories that get it right.
Certainly we need fact-based stories on Ag. Herbicide resistance is not the only modification
KEEP IT UP PRESIDENT TRUMP!! Just remember that Great leaders meet great resentment, but let that encourage you!!
AMERICA DIALED 911 AND DONALD TRUMP ANSWERED!
Victims...they're not responsible for the complaints, hence the announcement of their victim status.
Yep, the "oh poor us" victim card! I don't feel sorry for their crooked asses at all.
@protesting2016 @nytimes  Can you prove that statement? If you can't, you are guilty of "fake news" spreading#Hypocrite
@DianaCialino @nytimes weird, it's almost like someone is instigating the complaints
@protesting2016 @nytimes - Why did you retweet lies about Pres Obama?
@Travtom1 @nytimes pity
I like the NYT..they exposed the Clinton email scandal and hounded her on it for months. They are fair and true
it's actually an epic achievement, Donald, but I suppose you couldn't figure out why you peabrain
Stop being a baby. Grow up, do your job and stop whining about everything. Not Presidential
Because honest and credible news is still worth something these days to people with intelligence.

look at you BuffoonTrump.  How high are complaints against you?  Yet sadly, you are President-elect.
it's called humility, something you should learn about
Because they are honest?
B. S., you fraud. Everyone's readingb@nytimes now?
coincidentally complaints about Donald Trump are also at a 15 year high.
#Resist
Does anybody still actually read the NYT?
They r so full of self pity they swamp around in negative emotions vs any accurate reporting or serious thought!
Can you ever talk about someone who doesn't agree with you without calling names? Is this kindergarden?
the same reason you announce the color of your daily bowel movements on twitter
The only unbiased thing to come from them in a while...
To give the impression of transparency?
Trump lies 78% of the time, once every 3.5 minutes, why believe you now?? #NotMyPresident
@Dolly1gnar1 @nytimes MR T, been asking high brows to stop buying NYT if your à TRUMPSTER, OR ÀNYONE ELSE, BC OF LIEING
They got some dumb policy of openness and honesty - typical journos. Why can't they keep their news to themselves?
I'M ACTUALLY SURPRISED BY THIS.  I DIDN'T THINK THAT TRUMP SUPPORTERS COULD READ, MUCH LESS WRITE OR NAVIGATE THE INTERNET
Well you know nytimes has no integrity, so naturally they will blame someone else as the reason for the complaints
hi
Hi Tweet eeee bird don't  wet the 
bed to tonight   Twitter  bird
no way not john kerry please
They announce in a hypocritical effort to leave the impression that they care. They are not journalist anymore.
Maybe it's because they can admit facts and Truth. Where are your taxes? You Are Nothing but Dangerous.
Complaints against you are much much higher.   Because we love NY, but not you.
maybe because they're honest...you wouldn't have a clue on that topic
I believe you will never fail the Americans and the Biafrans, a huge task to fulfill.

. Not true
As our President I will hold you accountable for building the Wall and sending all aliens back. Thank you
@ny Agreed but there really is NO BAD PRESS when wrong they r STUPID.FL.
once again the liar lies.
The NY Times just increased their circulation by 40 million in protest to your treatment of them.
wrong. They tell the truth and you little baby don't like truth
transparency?
if u would stop saying negative things about people that has pissed u off people might have more respect for u.
why announce half the dumb shit you announce???
Why do you announce every itch of your ego?
More stones.....
If Lincoln, Reagan, Washington, Eisenhower had twitter:What would they tweet? Probably nothing. Cause, president.
I stopped buying The NY Times and have boycotted CNN. Freedom of the press only goes so far.
are you mad at them for making an announcement you agree with? Or just that anyone would admit to shortcomings?
real leaders don't do that. Losers do
revoke all bias press passes! DRAIN the SWAMP, bias media is the scum on the top!
because they own their actions. Unlike you. #growuptrump
Don't you announce everything good you do on Twitter like if people are going to ass lick you on the spot?
and why retweet it.?
A new trend toward truth?  I'd like to see it!
run by idiots.
I have never complained told them they need to fire reporter for such garbage articles they are writing
to be fair complaints about you are also at a 15 year high
President D. Trump I sent you my letter of congratulations.
Edward Agcaoili
because they don't mind admitting their faults? I know it's a tough concept for you to grasp Donnie
Don ... I wish you were the President now
Keep personal opinions to yourself #tweetlikepotus
in the interests of transparency
Honestly, we need a president who's not insulting his critics 24/7 on twitter. This is beyond presidential.
I took out a subscription when they called you the Loser, you are!
shut up Donald
is not failing in any way.
They will turn around!
cause it shows that u told a knotty fib and got all yr beetlejuice fans in an uproar. front page? not for bj
you lost by over 2 million, why announce?
its to let people know the truth not just what they want to report like you.
Trump is ugly inside and out, and he wants to restrict freedom of the press
Did you read that in the dailynutbag? Looks like the Times in still hanging in there. They dont need to concede.
I call bullshit. #NYTimes has more subscribers than ever
Its basically because they think they can blame it on you because you pointed out their general failure as a paper
Waste of Time and Paper.
why so negative? It's frightening?
Because that's how a #FreePress works, #Trump. With every #tweet, you reveal how unprepared you are to be #POTUS.

Focus on some bigger issues please. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/opinion/donald-trump-rages-at-the-wrong-target.html?_r=0 … @nytimes
i complain about them but its  because they only let me read 10 articles a month.
https://www.google.com/amp/www.pbs.org/newshour/amp/rundown/trump-threatens-to-weaken-first-amendment-protections-for-reporters?client=ms-android-americamovil-us …
because they are morons 
it's all about ratings..
didn't you just say how @nytimes is an amazing paper and an American jewel? Bye Felicia 
Why do YOU announce?
because maybe, for just a moment, they were channeling your style and brain-power!
don't you have more important things to be doing?
It's called Transparency Donald .. You may need to look that one up ..
because it's news, and it's kinda their job to report that
Maybe they want sympathy. Too bad they ain't gonna get any!
I'm going to get a subscription. Thanks for letting us all know how much they bother you.
because unlike you, they can withstand self reflection and see room for improvement.
SHAME ON THEM THEY ARE PRO WAR PRO ISIS PRO PROPER GANDER they are traitors and should be exiled.
congratulations
Ready to write another Law suite?

perhaps transparency...it's a thing you know! #taxrecords #youscrewedwestchester #2millionandcounting
why can't you just tell the truth instead of making shit up? #Notmypresident
#notmypresident. That means he'd actually have 2 read, learn continually & listen. He's 2 lazy 4 that.
Just renewed my digital subscription to "failing" nytimes just for you Donnie Boy! #resistance #NotMyPresident
but I'm sure they haven't been accused of rape or sexual assault.
people are saying it is not true.
your stick on bangs are failing. Shame.
 @realDonaldTrump
sooo funny
It's called transparency. Look into it.
The NYT is a credible paper. As pres, U will need to understand what evidence is & good reporting is. Get this?
I won't read it. 
I hope it gets worse, they are a threat to America
As you know, any pub is good pub.
again, this is why millions can't stand you, Trump.  Why are you even saying this?  It's nonsense.
And subscriptions are WAAAYYYY Up. Yuge as a matter of fact!!
maybe they're not as afraid as you are to admit failures and accept criticism?
the new york times is increasing readership,I don't see that as failing. You are acting like all the other despots
guess it's an attempt to win their credibility back.
That's called integrity, sir. I know, not a concept you are familiar with. Get someone to look it up for you.
Bullying the media? Crooked Donald.
Trump I don't like you. But we at least gotta give you a chance, clock is ticking
they're not failing. Maybe you should focus on your hotels, which are
Rudy for secretary of State please
Seems that you have something in common with them, complaints about you are at an all time high. #NotMyPresident
#cancelnytimessubscription
WRONG
it's called "transparency" Trump. Google it.
Good journalizm... Making the people aware of the result of false information, and it's effect on society.

and complaints about you have just begun!
Honest Journalism at NYTIMES, Thank You
Once again stupidity reaches newer heights.
truth, honesty, transparency would be a few reasons.
Quit trying to frighten the Times.
nothing compared to complaints against you.
perhaps they announce 4 the same reasons u whine about everyone being mean to you on Twitter. #prescrybaby
You announce every complaint that comes your way DJT.
Attention!  They sorely seek it. 
Any attention is better than NO attention! 
in other news, complaints about Trump university receive settlement
Because that's what TRUE transparency looks like! #proudtobecanadian
Transparency and accountability.
too funny - looking for sympathy?
I'm sure just 2 make your day you Bulbous Orange T**d.  Henceforth known as UBOT. May your thumbs pay a big price!
Lying about New York Time again...Trump cannot stand to hear the truth about himself...Thank you New York Times
the times uses fact checkers so they stick to the truth.  Do you even understand that meaning of that?
Totally false, again. We research editors here laugh out loud at you.Poor Pres O, had to act like you had a brain.
The NY Times will be around long after you are impeached.
U speak from both sides of your mouth. 
Pay attention to the country u soon will serve. You are infantile.
Because it's probably much longer then 15 years.
Why exactly is the New York Times failing? What are the facts to back this up? Hope it's not more propaganda.
Transparency! Look it up! (Then release your taxes.)
only because you bad mouthed them so much
bad reporting like they can brag about
You should blackball the NYT or CNN from accessing the White House. These liberal rags need their chain pulled
You don't get to decide what journalists write about you. Don't react ignorantly and you'll be treated better.
It is a malicious,dishonest,biased with primitive a-moral trash reporting.It is not a Newspaper but a Toilet paper
what?? You're such a liar.
great news!! I subscribed to the NYT!!
