Hillary is better
At what?
She's better at lying and killing. That's about it...
Your boy Trump, rape case coming up, using funds illegally, Trump U case coming up
A little more for you. Trump has to SELL all his businesses otherwise a violation of the constitution.
Cry baby. No cry baby here. To bad you cant admit you were wrong about Clinton rape case trail where she was a defending lawyer.
While I know he was good at campaigning, he should stop, while Trump is at it he should stop his graft also.
ovomit gave 1,000,000 visas to precious refugees from Syria, Pakistan and other similar filthy places.
.@kokoeverett @realDonaldTrump ovomit gave 1,000,000 visas to precious humans from Syria, Pakistan and other similar filthy places.
they freak out frm dogs,pics on walls, woman sitting nxt 2a man wht abt cars,homes,restaurants,stores,beach
u mean bring jobs to china?
AMERICANS r the real problem in America! Not MEXICANS!
Americans as in "citizens" !!!

People who are voting Trump because of the Supreme Court are essentially saying they'd rather see the world explode than two dudes kissing
no they are saying we want to keep speech free and keep our 2nd amendment rights.
Because for 8 years you have all said Obama was coming to get your guns? How it's Clinton? LOL
she said she like austrailia's plan of gun confiscation. All libs want 2A gone
I like me my guns, but I'm not stupid
Only low information voters think that the Democrats will take guns away,, Wah
infringing to the point of making 2A useless can happen
That is not a realistic scenario. Better screening is NOT a threat
delete your account.
Money does not make a man, and egos only mean something to the person with the ego.  We don't care for low morals,,do you?
bring them back from Mexico and China where you sent them
Hillary's AD;  A wife, mom,  grandma, and a destroyer of these kids AMERICA with a rapist husband. ,Oouch!
BUT DO YOU PAY TAXES PROVE IT
Trump law of large numbers is done. Harvest is gutting Hillary no mercy evil deserves no http://sympathy.You 're LOVED now strike!



That is what HillRy is saying is not necessary she says things are just fine. she's NUTS
we have lost so many jobs in Dublin, Ga
THANKS SO MUCH!!!!!! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN,DONALD TRUMP!!!!!!!! LOVE YOU NORTH CAROLINA!!!!!!!!
Bill Clinton and Obama did that!!!  You will never be able to do it!! You don't have the smarts like they do!!!
ARE YOU BRINGING YOU COMPANIES BACK SO THE PEOPLE WILL HAVE A JOB ? THAT'S A START OTHERWISE SHUT UP ,GROW UP.
YOU POLLUTE OUR STATE! IT SMELLS BAD WHEN YOU ARE HERE!!!!
Mark Cuban for Hillary,Monica for you in front of Hillary,we love u in N.C.
Since the old bat Hillary is going to have Mark Cuban on front row,where is Monica sitting?
AFRICAN AMERICAN HISTORY IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. -
Says the candidate who still has his products made overseas.  You seem to think the rules don't apply to you.
WE NEED DONALD TRUMP & PENCE FOR PRESIDENT #2016 AMERICA FIRST
you go good man! #MAGA #TrumpAndPenceWillTriumph
bring jobs back to America? Like how your hats were made in China.
Thanx alot for the kind  & wise words to the world
RIGHT, YES INDEED, EXACTLY, ABSOLUTELY!!...#MAGA!!..TRUMP-PENCE 2016!!
All you have done is filed for bankruptcy and cheat those who have worked for you. You are a liar, a demon and a crook.
I'm from NC I support you all the way to the White House. I think you are the only one who can fix our Beloved America 
I'm praying too it's not too late for "our Beloved America".
It isn't.
to the lower class? bringing back slavery?
how?
on my drive around Perry Co PA today I saw lots of Trump/Pence signs..only one Killary!  praying, praying!
Two freak shows in one day. You are slipping, Donnie John.
Don't
Don't Lose your temper with the Crooked Hillary,You Make Are Country Great.

who cares? Y don't u get off the planet!!! Dog! Animal!!
yet your shitty clothing and accessories are made in China... Hmmmm...
Bring back jobs? Start by making your goods in USA you hypocrite
GO GET EM MR. TRUMP!!!! Glad you're with us.
@A_Bateman99 did u rt sarcastically
and will u stop companies here to stop laying off long term employees and then hire for much less money and no benefits?
you're not welcome here.
With you in office im sure there will be no shordage of jobs in tanning salons and miniature glove manufacturers. #NoTrump
GO MR. TRUMP
To where your low-rent clothing is made? Where is that again? Malaysia? China? Pretty sure it's not the US.
so does that mean you're bringing back the jobs you exported??? what conman.
how about starting with YOUR products...why aren't they made by AMERICAN companies???
BE CAREFUL A LITTLE ROUGH IN CHARLOTTE
Why does Hillary's private email server matter if the pentagon has been hacked by the Chinese 9 times?
are you bringing yours back? @realDonaldTrump
you mean u aren't going 2 send ur products to China ,Thailand , Bangladesh , etc .
I wish you could bring peace with you. Be careful. God bless you Mr. Trump.

@Mike_Beacham #KickHerAss
your a joke
@DiamondandSilk sure you will.
Prepare for a firestorm sir, BLM is down there aggitating people to roit & loot over the killing of armed criminal.
... 
Won't it be wonderful to see all Americans working again and living in Peace again knowing our homes and our children Safe
die
https://twitter.com/Jollarn/status/767791240188395521 …
I am Very Very troubled that you use FOUNDATION funds to pay your legal bills! Steal from Charities, what a CROOK. OPM!
would those jobs be in China were your stuff is made???
pay your contractors #whineylittlebitch
do not come close to me dude. We have enough idiots.. 


yeah seasonal, minimum wage construction jobs! Just what we need. Narrow minded.

below minimum wage in your hotels?
You should be learning about issues, instead of attending your cheerleader-type events. Rah. Rah. Hahaha. #Hillary is ready
Stay safe here in NC! Especially with all of the rioting going on. #Trump2016
are you going to bring jobs to the rally because that would be a neat trick

the economy has never looked better! Thanks to Obama and soon-to-be Hillary Clinton! #ImWithHer
it's okay don't worry about it skip us
Nonprofit status of the church, makes your rally illegal. You know that. What are you doing?
.@realDonaldTrump Promising to bring back jobs when you helped send them offshore is "interesting."
Precisely which jobs?
be safe wherever you go, and may God's angels keep guard over your safety as the riots ring thru our nation again! It'ssad
Why they hate you there too!
Looks like you had a huuuge impact on NC: http://www.nydailynews.com/amp/news/crime/n-man-fatally-shot-police-daughter-wasn-armed-article-1.2800025 …
Says the guy who has almost all the items he sells in China. You're part of the problem, Don.
Man you've got balls the size of china...
Bringing them south to Mexico (with a quick stop in NC along the way)
what about your shirts and ties and suits? Are you going to bring those back? I doubt you will do that. You are a liar.
@danhomick @realDonaldTrump @PatMcCroryNC @NCGOP yep..... peas in a pod
If you want a shot at PA please explain exactly how you are going to bring back manufacturing and better paying jobs
Yeah right! Stop having your clothing and furniture made in China, Bangladesh....please! You are going to make jobs here??
you such a hypocrite and a pathological liar,your multiple Billion's businesses is overseas in sweat shops working 4pennies
Trump knows why corps outsource, because he does it too.  He will change the tax structure so businesses will WANT to stay.
Don't drink the water in Charlotte, NC (Mecklenburg County).  It has highest concentration of arsenic in the State (x8).
the south will rise again!
we love you and need you here in North Carolina. Make our country safe. Bring our jobs back.
North Carolina. Because you've got nowhere else to want to go.
Your companies are in the masses of companies who shipped jobs overseas. Be honest with the followers you're duping.
talk to the blk folks that r rioting u big sissy
how? I could run for potus #nevertrump
What are you going to do about my beautiful black people, being slaughtered in the streets by these racist cops!!
http://dailysignal.com/2015/07/22/13-things-you-probably-dont-know-about-planned-parenthood-founder-margaret-sanger/ …
When will the "secret" formula be revealed ? Answer: THE CON MAN HAS NO FORMULA. Wake up #TrumpTrain
want to win debate/Win over #AfricaAmerican vote? Ask #HRC to explain her devotion to #racist Margaret Sanger
MY CHILDREN DESERVE BETTER THAN #8WAISTEDYEARS FROM A FORMER DEMOCRAT
#8WAISTEDYEARS NO INFERSTRUCTUR NO JOBS NO HELP #8WAISTEDYEARS
thanks for an amazing inspirational visit. Started working for Trump-Pence on the ground last night!!
How bruh
where r your products made now master of fraud?
@mike_pence @IngrahamAngle @DanScavino @KellyannePolls @seanhannity KEEP ON ON GOIN TRUMPENCE TEAM TRAIN,FOCUS
Great
Thanks for stopping at Stameys BBQ by surprise but I think Obama already did that stunt..be original please sir
Yet another lie from the (real?) Donald, who lets his products be made overseas
bring yer plane
Then will all your products be made here in the U.S.???
screw North Carolina! I hope more businesses follow the NCAA's lead and pull out of there!
start by having your products made in the USA

Use the phrase: "I will ask cabinet secretaries 'How can you do the same with less?' Same for Governors. Kaizen this beast!
Unpaod workers screwing ppl with Trump university abuse of Trump foundation for play to pay FL General attorney  Pam Bondi
why don't you level & be real you=re not bringing back jobs PERIOD!  we've seen this show before in your Business record
Wish you'd mentioned:  YOUNG PEOPLE GET SKILLS FOR JOBS. I'm a frmr shop teacher.  Students sold on 4 yr nonsense. TRADES!
Dems trying every bit of dirty tricks on you Mr. T.. Win the debate and WH in Nov !!

North Carolina is bleeding, as a presidential candidate what's your take and solution?
No comment from you regarding the shooting in NC. No surprise.

.@realDonaldTrump NC Has REALLY Good Furniture. Bringing some of YOURS Back? Make America Great, Don. #Trump50percent #ImWithHer
how are you going to do it ass wipe how are you going to make jobs that left come back.
how?
DONATE OR LOSE FREE SPEECH:
bring succ back to my butt
why was your apparel made in China then? #LyingDonTheCon
please leave
please explain how NC has earned anyones respect let alone business in the last year
HOW WULL YOU DO THAT YOU HIRE IMMIGRANTS, AND YOU LIE
she already had u beat when she was sick. Now she's all better. She's going to slay
those are not big rallies, just like ur hands small and like ur university fake and fake like ur foundation. SAD!
Black issue is RESPECT, try respecting the law/police, respect our flag/country and the freedom of speech it stands for
How did the KKK rallies go? Can't wait for the debates so America can see you are the Big Fat Idiot.
Don the Con at work. Over promise and never deliver. 4 bankruptcies don't lie.


WE DID NOTICE HILLARY CLINTON IS USING THE AIRPORT RUNWAY FOR HER BACKDROP - COPIED DONALD. BUT NO SUPPORTS SHOW UP~
@DiamondandSilk Riots in Charlotte. Please stay safe.
Howwwwwwww? You always skip that part. Pathetic.

Will you bring back the $$ lost from NBA All-Star game & 7 championship NCAA games?? Pay Pal's 400 jobs?
Mexico? Bangladesh? China? Did I miss any of the countries where your products are made
too bad about McDonalds outsourcing with HBO visas their American workers.  
No more McDonalds for me.

Well, with all that MADE IN CHINA shit you're selling, you've been bringing jobs to BEIJING hand over fist!
pay the people you've cheated
yep that's were the deplorable meet. It's ok to leave your white hoodies we know who and what you Bigots are ..!!!
How, exactly, are you going to keep that and your other promises? Who will have to fold to make it work?
!!Are you bringing your jobs back from China?
Lexington NC. Empty furniture factories. Being the cameras. And have some BBQ. Best in the world. BBQ festival in OCT!!!!!
like your clothing lines?  Hippocrate!
No you won't. You talk & talk...Meaningless nothingness. You have done nothing your entire life to help anyone but yourself
always says what he's going to do..never says HOW!!!
Phony! Hypocrite! Sad!
Shouldn't He be investing in American companies to make America great & not China & Phillipines?
Sorry, I'll be busy watching Chris Christie's workout video instead
WE GOOD! Stay where you are. We doing fine , thanks for caring.
- Maybe you can just move the people to where you ALREADY created the jobs, in China, Mexico, Turkey...
well when are you going to start making your ties in the US, those are jobs
Mr. Trump go see the Penn State National Champions Wrestling team...
