are we talking about the same leaks they're going to put your ass in prison?
keep up the good work mr. Trump keep tweeting everyone here in Warren Michigan looks forward to it
@realDonaldTrump HAHAHA! JENGA BITCH!!
enjoy being presedent but please keep a close eye on your humanity power can steal it away :(
You have an excuse for everything. Even after you have won.
we are talking your taxes and Russia ties
the Beverly hillbillies have moved into the White House

Republican party data on 198M voters exposed online https://usat.ly/2sJlAPn  via @USATODAY @morgfair
No, it's the one where Russia caused you to win the election.
Please explain exactly how Russia did that again.
@JVER1 was there any thing coming out of her mouth that was not a lie.  America took care of the problem and flushed.
Trump too. Why condemn her lies & not his? They both are bad but youre a hypocrite if you defend him.
be ashamed of yourself for not looking this straight in the eye and investigating it as the potus 2b of the free world
You guys are the ones that should be ashamed, here u r day after day heckling your PEOTUS - over made up BS
Nothing to be ashamed of 2nd Amendment #FreedomOfSpeech. It's still allowed btw!
You mean the cyberattack you openly lauded and encouraged while on the campaign trail? #skulduggery
Proove your fake news or SHUT UP!
you poor ignorant fool.
Honey, honey, honey-  WE won!!  The ONLY fool here- is the one who chooses to deny the facts and embrace the excuses! 
only one person denying facts here. I do not deny who won. But I don't conflate news stories to intentionally mislead.
Then you better turn CNN off, honey!  LOL!!!
yeah, done with you.
Like you had a choice!! . Rotflmao
Deflecting, as usual. YOU. PUTIN. PARTNERS.
nice yes we are
Answer is yes oviously;why didn't  thry hack your taxes or reveal amount of Russian money invested in your biz?
#unpresidented
@Ginlefebvre @JoelNihlean Comrade I see your conversion therapy is complete!  You can continue to lick Putins boots
Oh please get a life poor little Clinton snowflake GET OVER IT we did when your OBAMA WAS THERE
not gonna do it!  Wouldn't be prudent!!
no we are talking the same cyber attack that gave you the election.
Yep from your Ruski friends you hired to create the fake news & hack the machines too. Show your taxes or you're guilty
You would have lost the debates anyway...we've all listened to you speak.
look how long you've had the questions for now and you still can't come up with better answers.
if u were a newspaper, you'd be the national enquirer. NOBODY takes u seriously. You're not a smart man; a73percenter
So foreign government hacks are justified as long as they reveal something interesting or useful?

yeah. I believe that's the one.

No we are talking about your Deal with Putin if he get you elected you will  lift all sanctions FACT, @WSJ @BBCWorld @CNN
If the MSM found the info and distributed it, It would be Freedom of the Press.  Russians don't have that.  ;-)
@UNHumanRights @UN @POTUS @WhiteHouse #Trump
#FreeAssange
#USA #europe #usarmy @eu_eeas #America @CIA @FBI 
#FreeAssange
#Europa #USA
http://www.findingassange.com/?i=2 
#FreeAssange
#Canada #Australia
http://www.findingassange.com/?i=2 
#FreeAssange
#HillaryClinton #Trump @MartinSchulz 
http://www.findingassange.com/?i=2 
#FreeAssange
@eu_eeas #USA
http://www.findingassange.com/?i=2 
#PENTAGON #usarmy
@HillaryClinton #EUROPEWANTSEVOLUTIONTOUR
Assange
No
The whole current administration is not cyber compliant and somehow they want to blame the rest of the world!
rather her have a question than you have president. Where are your taxes! Thief!
You are a true jerk
oh great, our incoming pres doesn't know what a cyberattack is. God damn it!
why is everybody down on Trump he is the best there is congratulations mr. President
you could only wish that is why you bombed out.
I fully expect Snowden and Manning to get a pardon/deal for no charges when you are president then.
if Clinton had won and there were accusations of Russia helping her win, you'd be screaming how she sold us out 2 Russia.
indeed. Hah. Thank You mister President!
Never thought I'd see a dispute btw U.S. intelligence agencies & murderous dictator in which POTUS sides with the dictator
that was proved false!
no we're talking about the timeFox gave you the questions. We haven't forgotten
LOOK FORWARD. Be all of America's potus. WJC, "bogus email deal" & "terrible Comey letter" hurt hrc is BS. No Corination.
Who cares? She lost and now we shall see what D. T. will do as Prez!
yet, they don't get investigated, prosecuted, jailed or anything.
Sir the information revealed by the hack didn't indicate that, also it doesn't matter what came out. Please meet with us
So know you admit you knew about the Russian hacking to help you win the Election.
. @realDonaldTrump it was an obvious question. Anyone who was preparing for the debate could have seen it coming
Nice try. That deflection technique is getting old.
right on President Donald Trump  !!
pot calling kettle black. You only gave interviews that asked only approved questions. Your son-in-law brags. Sad
right, exactly what I was thinking, wow I was heart broken in 2000 when u didn't run 4 prez, now I'm happy, we have u 
she wasn't head of the DNC.  Again you lie.
FALSE
or are we talking about how you don't care about poor people that helped shape this America...
Yet you cornered Megyn Kelly & threatened her until her bosses forced her to give you her first ? about how U treat women.
No, we are talking about the cyberattacks from Russia and ur buddy Putin who handed u the election.
I know you have "all the best words" but it wasn't 'illegal'. There's no law against it. Improper, perhaps. But not illegal
so if any of the news nonsense is true does that mean Russia controls our news ,is Megan Kelly a Russian agent?
@wikileaks revealed the Dems fixed primary for @HillaryClinton  over @BernieSanders yet MM says Russians fixed election 4 u
I hope you follow up on what was disclosed in the emails come Jan. 20th. God bless our President.
lol lol
no dummy , it's the cyber attack that you friend Putin engineered. I know he still has his hand up your butt
If Putin wanted to sway our election it would have been to Hitler'y! She sold him 20% of US Uranium for $150Mill donation!
Once again trying to deflect from your very serious criminal behavior.
#trumperdink
you are lying!
the bullies need to stop being hypocrets clintons obama biden.
not illegally..but unethically..and you better learn the difference between the two really fast sir.
If you really believe you won why do you care?
using hacked emails and stolen information as part of a political campaign - TREASON   DJT unfit for office.
Not illegaly. It was against the rules, but not illegal.
no
Pumpkin, have you heard the phrase "comparing apples to oranges?" You shouldn't do that. You never were good with logic.
also, you're the orange.
Maybe Hillary's bathroom is not the best "Firewall".
yes we are and the same request you made calling on Russia Putin to do the Hack. To help you win. #NotMyPresident

No.
What are you talking about??  Your campaign ended 2 months ago!!  Your juvenile attitude is offensive to me as a citizen!!
- Killary did mot win the votes... Donald Trump won - thank good ness##make America great again brother !
awesome. Thank god
...and suppressed Bernie Sanders?? Could health care rates be a Russian scheme too?
They forgot who they were which is something i know you wont do. Leave him alone!!!
Amen
@ckemp1542400 haha
The big issue is what was in the hack, something the Dems seem to want to conveniently overlook.
No, I think they're talking about the hack that you commissioned Putin and his minions to do. Yeah, that one.
are you kidding me? Get Real please! OMG you are crazy! This is Putin we are talking about, Serious issues!!! WCA debate ?s
what about Otto Warmbier?
That's not like getting the answers to a multiple-choice test. You realize that, right!?!
That is such bullshite and you know it. How do you live with yourself? You are despicable.
is the most independent and smartest president since Kenedy!Dont think you can play with this stupid statements about Putin
ha! I'm washing my hair that day.
MORE LIES...Will you never stop??? Most Americans know all your tactics (lies, divergences, etc).
#notmypresidentever
If they can cheat Trump out of the election they will. That's why Hilary mentioned it during the campaign, its her out.
I am a woman owned high rise construction concrete company and since you've taken office US concrete has gone up 30%!!!!
Go back to bed with Vladimir

Conservative job retraining device for when the factory closes, and mine stops.
NO we are saying Russia handed you the election and without them you would of lost
http://www.youngcons.com/watch-dying-marine-leaves-americans-gasping-for-air-with-his-final-farewell-to-trump/ …
...the really troubling thing is you actually believe the CRAP you post.
ah yes. The ends justify the means. I believe that was the motto of most dictators
Please stop tweeting Mr.Trump.
apparently you believe everything someone else reads to you
Double speak 101; "cyber attack" = "revealed truth", "MSM bias/lies" = "news", "ppl telling the truth" = "fake news".

U r so sad.So child like&they call u a man.Well we know u don't know God Mr two Corinthians.It's 2nd Corinthians right Amirosa U soulless 2.
@lauriegalis nice LG nice
your a lier and fraud , who can believe you?
we need a twitter fact check especially for trump.
Are we talking about the same question asked in every other debate, interview, speech, and  rallies?
never happened
ah oh...
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/12/16/now-you-can-fact-check-trumps-tweets-in-the-tweets-themselves/ …
Russians only hacked the DNC, probably to get ideas on how to further communist agenda. The hack exposed criminal hitlary
Yes, the complaint about Russian hacking to hurt Clinton did in fact precede the election and was widely and publicly known

send all refugees to the blue states. cal., haw.ect
.. elections were also influenced by the USA. Eg Russia's Yeltsin, Ukraine, Iraq, etc. Nobody talks about it?
You have no excuse, you who pass judgment on someone else 4 at whatever point you judge another, you're condemning yourself
.@realDonaldTrump Liar, liar, pants on fire.
DUDE YOU WON, WHO THE HELL CARES?
is there a reason she'd need them? Ex SOS. Not exactly running without a plan like you. @HillaryClinton knows the job
Yes @realDonaldTrump, that's the cyber attack we're all discussing.  I really wish you'd keep up.
NOT ILLEGAL.  But treason is. Does it still include death penalty or is it life in prison or ooooh deportation to ???????
can u calm down and actually prove everyone wrong like pls dont ruin america
@mcqueencampbell "Russians Did it" hacked illegal server containing state secrets. Sound like reasonable doubt Seth Rich!
yes but what would they have found out about you oh wait your moral failures are painfully obvious
The very same one you collaborated w/ your buddy Putin on. How you won we we didn't vote for you. Remember?
your the king
Were not talking about anything because you started this tweet mid-coherent thought.
leave are decison alone! if it changes after all thats being treaten to us. Obama dont care about Afro Americans!
The answers to the questions were in Russian ,that's why she looked confused
Demonrats and leftist elite blame on every other but not on their lack of abilities and capacities to achieve 4 the good.
This is wordy. You'd make your message clearer by saying "gave Hillary debate questions..." See how much clearer that is?
& WHAT ABOUT THAT OTHER POS WHO HACKED IT FOR THE BERN,  HER NAME DWS,  WHAT A DIS-GRACE  SHE IS BUT THEY R SILENT , UGH
America needs more people like trump who silenced critics go trump
@ezra_rosenthal @Sportmigos actually he won.
amazing what we find out when the light is shined on the dark, supposedly hidden workings of dishonest ppl.Kinda scary!!  
you have to be faking your ignorance.
You can really learn a lot about a person by what they tweet about, their thought process, and personality.
The MJ elites still don't get it.
Hey Mr TRUMP - it's all rigged! Classic truth... happy safe holidays to you and your family. Dave Moffatt Toronto Canada!
sad little man.
WHAT!!
Most likely, yes. And no, it probably was not a hack at all.
Liar
go suck it
Can't support the hack as coming from Russia but will deflect to something else. Your modus operandi - last only so long,
So the DNC was caught and now it's Russian fault that the DNC was proven crooked ?
Nothing illegal about her getting ques.Ask your boss Putin,he’ll set you straight.Do you worry about possible assassination
. Move on!
the one you deny knowing about? Keep your lies on a timeline Liar-in-chief! #noMandate #unpresidented
Love to you DJT and your family!
I think we are talking about the attack that confirms that Russia got you elected, not the American people.
Shame on Obama for indulging. Remember no one wanted him in office!!! Espeaclly not the Clintons!
"Confidence is ignorance. If you're feeling cocky, it's because there's something you don't know."
Eoin Colfer
Do you know what a cyber attack is you fool? They World is going to eat you alive.
there is something really pathetic about this utterly insecure tweet happening NOW.
you're a man of no substance
The one your puppet master orchestrated?
no liberal tears. Your actions are bizarre and immature. No need 2 reply you who voted 4 him & will be sorely disappointed
I don't understand why our government can't see the real problem with this hack, how bad this is...
Mr. Trump, just give this topic the  neglect it deserves. The whining will never stop, we can only hope to tune it out.
the most dishonest President elect ever! Shameful.
what does this have to do with a hostile country hacking our democracy, obviously your a dictator
We aren't talking about her, we are talking about you and your bff, Russia. Stop trying to deflect and redirect.
irrelevant. As pres elect this should b a MAJOR priority but u don't care b/c if true it benefited you
How about we drop this issue and worry about the coming Isis attacks at our churches
