YOU SOLD AMERICA TO PUTIN!!!!
Ill be there
can I score a discounted room at the Trump Hotel
just like your all time record LOW approval rating for an incoming president?  SAD!
Is something happening on Jan. 20? Or better yet, might something NOT happen? Ho ho!
- worried no one will show up?
we love u Mr Trump POTUS wish so that I come b there

Facebook Live, FTW
I hope the Dems and the dopey #NeverTrumpers get crushed like a dog by this great movement! #MAGA
Putin is coming too. So you can confirm loyalty to him.
I doubt it!!
the supporters of your movement are called citizens. Not fans.
Stop tweeting and do your job.
So the whole taxpayer funded transition expenses are just for fun?
If you'd like to talk about taxpayer funds, how about we start at Obamas $85M in vacations in 8 years.
Don’t discount him so soon. I’m sure our new president will be able to top that in less than 4 years.
flying around throwing celebration parties and PLAYING CEO APPRENTICE  at Trump Tower has already @ebell_missouri
set a record for what, most lies ever told at an inauguration. Plz you're as bad as everyone of them crooks on the Hill...

cannot wait for that day. I am sick of all these attacks against you. We love you and we voted you in. God bless you.
looking forward to an AMAZING 8 YEARS...YES 8 LET'S GET THIS COUNTRY BACK IN ORDER.. finances and Law and Order PARAMOUNT
hum
I will be there mr. Trump I have never flown before but I will be flying to see you on the 20th for the first time
he puts 'movement' in quotes to signify this whole thing is a joke
please don't talk to us about your huge movement, you are the president now and poop jokes are beneath you
but seem to be ok for you right?
I'm a licensed poop joke professional . Not the president.
If you count all the people there to protest your “election” I am sure it will be a record. And I know you will.
thats why he's posting for "fans" (FANS!) to go to DC for inauguration. Already 3 groups signed up to protest
I’m sure he would be pleased if his fans tangled with the protesters. Divide and conquer works for him.
works for a hillary too...she has done that her whole life
wtf are you talking about? Are u on drugs?
uh no you liberals can not give one good reason to vote hillary, just how bad Trump is..
.@realDonaldTrump your "movement" is now our resistance. step aside.
@FriendlyJMC The Bushes may not come but millions of patriots will be there.
Hillary & Huma are booked that day.
Does shower water hurt when you have skin that thin?
@twitter 
Dear twitter
This account of Big Lee @RejectTrump violates the rules of twitter
How? By criticizing Trump? You must be as thin-skinned as your Putin-loving leader.
you say it like it's a bad thing to be on good terms with Russia
Why would we want to be on good terms with a country that broke a cease fire?
were trying to start a new path of peace not bring up the BS from previous terms
That was less than a week ago. It's hardly ancient history.
theyDIDN'T break a ceasefire they called for one!Get your facts before you tweet
you'll be indicted for treason before you sit in that chair. Traitor
Appreciate @realDonaldTrump acknowledges his hate towards Muslims,unlike others who ACT as saviours of Muslims @HillaryClinton  @meNabster
if he indeed hates Muslims, he should hate Jews too, Talmud is even worse than Hadiths.
Those with attention span of mosquitoes can't read, let alone understand Quran, they need pain to kneel to God; if lucky here, or damnation.
They do already kneel, their bodies are frail, they are needy, a small germ could kill them, they are just deluded by the devil.
--- FAIL #tinycrowd.
I Refuse,.....
Trump doesn't hate anyone.  Stop spreading stupid lies.
yeah, because 'grab em by the pussy' isn't a sign of absolute disrespect
That was a long time ago, get over it.
Who cares? It happened, and it shows what type of person he is.
he WAS not IS. Have you not ever done something stupid and changed?
Mr. President, you made America great already. Best wishes
ha ha ha ha ha! All time record for the least amount of people! You won!
Ah the anniversary of your epically embarrassing inaugural turnout. How appropriate that you put “movement” in quotes.
I'm hoping your victory will be overturned & there will be no swearing in.
I'm praying someone saves us from this shady, volatile, lazy guy who needed help from Putin & the KKK 2 win.
stop regurgitating the BS you hear. Millions voted for him.
Three million more voted for Hillary.
nobody cares about the popular vote. The majority of the country is red.
majority of people are blue and we do care.
well even a lot of blues voted red this year
Your ignorance is astounding and incredibly dangerous.
True that! @PoliticalEdu_! 
Treasonous @realDonaldTrump
ignorance? No. It's called hope and optimism.
You've been duped by false news, Russian manipulation, and the self interest greed of a racist ConMan  @PegahZ stop being a patsy.
oh so it's a conspiracy theory all around is it? The facts reported are all false then?
You lie. You are a narcissist and none  believe what you have to say. Give it up.

Gotta be kind of embarrassing to look back on this tweet and know you had lower attendance than Obama & Women's March.
Thank you Mr President. America is praying for you. More than you think. So glad you are a strong man. 
You set a record alright for the least amount of people Then you had to blow it up with your lies and complaining about it
@POTUS Okay, I am getting this.  So by "Movement", you mean, a bunch of yahoos votin in a white guy? #ButItWasInQuotes
Donald HATES this picture. It'll upset him if you share it, so whatever you do, don't retweet it. #DoubleChinDonny @realDonaldTrump
Will enjoy sharing. Anything to piss him off. Although you know he will sign a bill that we do not want just to get back at us. He is very ventictive
Obama curtsies to all these other world leaders Trump will not he will stand strong and firm for this great country USA
https://twitter.com/nktpnd/status/865969527703703553 …

#egg
And here it is: the long-awaited GIF of Trump voluntarily curtseying to King Salman in #SaudiArabia. 
 @realDonaldTrump we will set protest records. So that's fun
he won. Get over it. Your pissy fits don't make a difference.
in a word: NO!!
typical close-minded answer
no that is called a direct answer. Do you understand the conceptual idea of direct communications?
Can't accept a democratic election? Not your president? Borders are still open.
nothing more American than protest, wouldn't you agree?
WTF are you talking about? EC votes monday, cupcake. You are completely ignorant of the way gov works. #Imbecile
exactly!
he's going to win that vote too but I highly doubt that will shut you up
didn't say he wasn't, just pointing out that his utter lack of intelligence & awareness of the job.
he's new to the job.It takes every president time to adjust. He said it's a humbling experience.
Mr. Trump,this isn't a game.It seems you don't see the seriousness of your job :( 
I'm not American but it worries me for 
it worries you because you're narrow mindedness & can't see the big picture. He's being enthusiastic.
I respect your (and his) enthusiasm but pls also respect other people's worries and priorities like climate (not )
I respect everyone's opinions. However, you can't jump to conclusions when he's not even in office yet.
people worry what's about to come bc his current priorities seem personal.thats life.prepare 4 years of criticism.
he's not in it for his own self interest. All he needs is a chance to show everyone.
let's hope you are right! Would love to be positively surprised!
i won't go and will boycott news coverage. Can't celebrate hostile takeover by Putin. #notmypresident
he's going to be president. Deal with it.
good luck. It's called treason.
what is u with all these people trying to screw up the election that's why there's an electoral college so everyone one win
And to those who don't practice it like flag burners?
So arrest people for using their first amendment rights? Yeah, that doesn't seem dictatorish.
burning a flag is UN-AMERICAN. It may not be illegal but it's 100% IMMORAL!
immoral is fucking over your country for money.
no idea who you're talking about
You will.
You know, Trumpster, would have been nice if you'd realized #Putin doesn't "like" you, but instead wants to devour you.
.Reality, Russia doesn't have means to go to war with US. US $600 vs Russia $60 billion.Military spending
I would not count on what is publicly know, however,
.  Oh my gosh! A picture of tanks! They can't fund most of their military.  That's a fact
You and the Donald hang your hat on that. Of course, Donald can just nuke 'em though, come January whatever.
. January http://20th.You  could google that fact as well.  Seriously?!? Nuke 'em.. yah, that's what he'll do.WOW!
The date is insignificant to me, as I believe Trump will be #unpresidented before or soon after. Bye, Brian.
anything after that is speculation. I have faith they will do the right thing!
.@realDonaldTrump I'm betting an all-time high in protesters! Will not top the 08 numbers AT ALL
I was at 2008 inauguration. Millions of people with hope & optimism in the air. 2016 inauguration will be nothing like that.
I know, it'll be SO much better!
You lost. Your movement was a bowel movement the American public rejected, you dreadful loser.
You are the one who lost
Stop crying and respect your new president.. give him a chance
give him a chance to ruin the country
Congratulations and best wishes!
not quite yet. It's unpresidented!
BOWEL MOVEMENT
. @realDonaldTrump Are all those musicians you wanted who are turning you down doing because of disliking YOU or thinking you'll stiff them?
Yeah, I'm sure your crowd at the inauguration will be "unpresidented."
Mr. Trump pls don't waste ur political capital by not lowering all taxes immediately. If u wait its going 2 b harder!
@RobertSGraham  can't wait! Going to be a great day for America.

you mean like a bowel "movement"
I so wish we could, but we will be with you all in spirt. We stand firmly behind you.
"Movement" = Common people DUPED by a DEMAGOGUE! BIGLY!

i worked really hard to help you become potus your my hero and idol and i want to go to inaguration but i have no transp
YEah I would not sing there or have ANY band F U

@AlecTaco
but if you could help me get there would be a dream come true for me to go
More than half the country do not want U as president! How does that make U feel? U R an embarrassment to our country!
YOU are the movement.... The bowel movement! 
#fuckingmoron
Happy Day!!! So excited.. You bring the Christmas Spirit alive again.. God Bless your Christmas and New Year..
How many of your grassroots supporters can AFFORD to attend one of your dismal self congratulatory circle faps? @realDonaldTrump
And we will be there to protest comrade cheeto all the way
Oh millions of people will be there! Protesters will swarm DC to make sure a pedophile racist troglodyte like you is OUSTED
#auditmediamatters
I'd rather drop dead then see the biggest disappointment in our history sworn in to ruin our country
#BBN
Yes!  On Nov 9 I requested tickets from my NC senator and just found out my request was denied.  Need tickets!!
keep trying... It is unpresidented that an apprentice president would have to be on his knees to beg people to his party.
the Russians red Hillary emails that were destroyed
. Oh that is very important, to set a record,please. You already set one, you lost popular vote by 2.6 million people.
I'll be there - to protest !
i guarantee there will be "swearing" on 1/20. Won't be watching inauguration of our first fascist president, though
The best ball of all! https://www.eventbrite.com/e/the-official-deploraball-party-tickets-30173207877 …
no you initiate hatred and racism! that's what did it.
are you speaking directly to putin with this tweet?#notmypresidentEVER
Actually, we didn't all do it together: 54 percent of the country voted against you. But you and your 46% have a good time.
10 4 bro
you can't be serious.  Rather have a root canal.
Don't hold your breath.
I am so glad I could vote for You and help Your historic victory come to fruition!You are a Great man!I was for You the second You Announced
history repeats but better sometimes . Agree Mr. Trump
Your popular vote deficit gives you the third-worst vote margin among winning candidates since 1824.  Nice movement!!!!!!
It's going to be fun to watch the Chachi show
Hell you can't even pickup a high school band for your inauguration!
oh there will be an all time record  of no one watching you
worked hard for you on social media....watched you in  mobile last night....
http://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/david-foster-declines-offer-to-organize-trump-inauguration-w456605 …
Yes we did
YOU WONT EVEN COME CLOSE TO OBAMA'S RECORD, dork.
the protestors will be there. #notmypresident
hahaha.  That's funny
round them up and fire them all...change the world...change the whole world...tell them..theyre fired!!!   tell the truths
I know it will be President Trump
I can't make it on the 20th, but I'll see you on the 21st!
You set record for crudeness and incivility Crawl back under ur rock. America is way better than you. U r an embarrassment
Your Approval rating = 41%. Only 27% of all eligible voters picked you & many already regret it. Dude you ain't popular.
I hope everyone boycotts this shit.
you cant't even find a high school band to play... you think you are going to set a record for attendance?
It breaks my heart that I will not be present to see my President and First Lady together during swearing in. God bless!!
They can't afford it.  They're the jobless whte working class you pitched to, remember that ... oh, you don't do you?
@TEN_GOP we are going!!!!Navy strong!
I'm going to protest your inauguration @realDonaldTrump
cu
Would like invite to inauguration ball. #AmericaFirst #DanceAllNight
You need a bigger movement than 22 percent of Americans.  You dream is Hitler's movement. Military parades/citizens. RESIST
@jcoralpark Don't invite Tony Blair, Gordon Brown or anyone from the Labour Party or the Liberal Party & only one Tory !
Me please
so great to read your tweets in China traveling via VPN!
you will be sorry to see how many refuse to watch you get into the W.H. You are already destroying this country. Sad
They are not "FANS" they are your EMPOLYERS you WORK for them now.... it's the USA it's a JOB it's not a TV SHOW or PAGEANT
liberal media propaganda backfire, predicted HRC win suppressed Dem turnout.
Are records and audience size. Get real you have much more important things to think about. That picture is terrible.
This man believes in you. 
https://www.facebook.com/vidmaxmedia/videos/1396103320400500/ …
I'll be there.  What a great event in our political history. Wouldn't miss it
Wow,I would love to be there !
We are trying to go. Since its after Christmas money is very tight. We worked with Crystal in nc for flood. From pcb fl
1/20/17, the beginning of the USA version of the Dark Ages.
It's a movement alright. #crookeddonnie
now just do what you said you were going to do
Don't think "hoping" will do it. Perhaps instead of making them stay at overpriced Trump Tower, let them stay there free.
PLEASE no CFR members on in your cabinet, by the Grace of Our Lord Please.
Congrats, Mr PEOTUS! But I don't enter areas of US that don't recognize my rights, ie, CA, NY, DC, etc.
bet you don't walk down the street like Obama did. Not healthy enough probably couldnt walk that far. Plane to stage n back
it would be unpresidented!!!
This will be the first time Ted Nugent has played to a crowd of over 100 in 30 years
I want to go I'm ur biggest supporter
don't beg, pay them to come!!!
planned my DC trip the day after elections
I hate to break it to you. You're being met by protesters on the 20th! Expect 4yrs of protest-karma.
thanks to Putin! #vladlovestrump
Retirement,Would Love to be there, See You Sworn in!The Child Family Best Wishes to U & your family Christmas, New Year.
you care more about breaking records and drawing crowds than the real business of being president
hope there are enough porta-potties for those movements.
,your hatred for moslems doesn't justify illegal Israeli settlements.Jihadist are a product of US interference in Mid. EAST
YAY!!!
hell no do not go! Stand strong let Drumpf know he is not our president!
Our family cannot wait for this year's inaugeration!
show the tax records, liar
https://www.facebook.com/MicMedia/videos/1323672060988914/ …
You should sell a t-shirt, with one word: 

MOVEMENT
and "bowel" on the back.
David duke gonna be there with the klan and have their finest Hoods on
eric Snowden helped the Russians hack the election
are you sure you want to call them "MOVEMENT" fans? Usually means something else with people your age. #DickHoleDonnie
who's performing? Chachi or Kayne?
Get some rest Team Trump, you've earned it!
What "Movement" are you talking about? White Supremacists?  They will attend, I'm sure. You are front and center.
no, "we" didn't all do it together. Last I checked, you lost by 2.8 million votes. #notmypresident
I will be there to protest against you!
what a stupid thing to do. He's going to be president. Deal with it.
get over it at least Trump wants the best for this great country and isn't going to take no bull from any other country's
