, if you are truly so confident, then please get to work on fixing the problems in this country and stop spamming Twitter.

Hillary such a loser!!!
unfortunately
Then what are you worried about. Tweeting like a baby again! Soooo presidential.
We agree nothing will change!

Sounding worried there
please block @narrysyndromex
People need hope, that's why she's doing it. You keep giving them reasons to need things to be different.
because if poor leadership. They laugh at Obama and even HRC secrete service says they hate her.
please cite source to validate what the secrete source "says".
I posted video of them speaking and it was on Fox News also
#HillaryClinton #SoreLosers @FollowPalin @SarahPalinUSA @Songof2016 @MaxCUA
I thought that she had until 5:00 the other night to request a recount. She still bitchin'? She needs to lose with grace.
of course not PEOTUS Trump, let the children have their recount it will help their math skills.
you're like a scared child Donald
and you need a spanking!!!
you mean me and my family will have to endure ANOTHER victory? 
I'm all inl
Trump you know the Clinton's aren't nice people
apparently you slammed Trey Gowdy
Not a fan of you or Hillary, but I do believe 'we the people' have a right to investigate.
Hey you said the election was rigged ppl are just double checking
#LockHerUp
give me a job man
you need a #recount ...: can't continue with a popular vote against you. You know this.
.@TheLeeWilliams @realDonaldTrump 
Lee, did you study HISTORY at all?
ELECTORAL COLLEGE, it is in place for a reason. 
Brush up on it.
Well said !
Hillary should've won
Nope.
BUT the vote is still changing @HillaryClinton  has 2.2 MILLION more votes & still rising #heisnotmypresident #thinskinned
#SheIsNotAnyonesPresident
she is killing you in popular vote. Did you thank #comey and #russia for rigging the win for you?
Agreed, Mr Trump! But you have changed, promises modified and changed totally! And Romney, seriously?
special prosecutor?  #jugular
MAGA
maybe she's changing her mind.  You seem to be in the habit of that.
Hillary never told the truth in her life an changes with the wind for her benefits if needed.Nothing but a big LIAR
she never excited racism, bigotry and hate
no just took blood money that kills gays wow. Such a mook you are!
delusional
u worried Trumpie?
why would he be? He won fair and square they just making fools of themselves spending millions on nothing
This is how a criminal works. They never keep their word! They lie, steal, and cheat.  Pay her no attention just yet (wink)
RT If You Think TRUMP Is Gonna Make America The Great Again
Like If You Think TRUMP Is Gonna Make It Worse
Obama was such a bad president. It's hard to make it worse
Trump Is Also A Bad president.
how can u possibly say that? He's nt in office yet & markets luv him & the dollar is already going up!
Are You American ?
yes I am
And Americans Proved It
I can't argue with that! true! Our education system is horrible. Most p get their info from the msm which lies
You nervous bruh? Its not like you had them  500lbs cyber hackers in thier bedroom helping you out riigghhhtt??? ..
Do you @LadyThriller69  realize what you are doing every time you tweet like this? You making a bigger fool of yourself
You might think that but I beg to differ. She's accurate, succinct and on point. You do you, Sharika. 
Old Jewish looking lady using Ebonics is corny as fuck please stop.
Bot.
Bye.
Blocked.
But

Donald.....
What

About

#TrumpUniversity and the $25 million you paid??
what about all the illegal money raised by the Clintons from foreign governments? Big difference yahoo
.@realDonaldTrump Hillary won the popular vote.
We don't care if she won the popular vote. She cheated to get the popular vote. Trump won deal with it
She cheated to win the popular vote? Any evidence, or is this just a comforting bedtime story?
Yes she did cheat and most people know it unless they support her then they ignore it
I don't want to ignore it if there is actually evidence. Is there? I haven't found any yet.
Trump’s Nazis are clearly keen on preparing to round up those who dare oppose him.
Castro’s Cuba never had socialism (a classless society of equals). Just a privileged elite managing state-run capitalism.
If there is genuine socialist equality you don't need any force to maintain it. Anyone who tries to take over gets ignored.
she can still win
no she can't 
trump votes in wisconsin has already turned out to be fake
no they haven't
yes
lol ok
Folks asking re: Wisconsin- ED margin 27,257, now 22,177.
So far audit, DT lost 5,407-HC 387 (5,020 net loss)
Outgamie is 1,294 Trump's 5k. 
@Amy_Siskind not accurate
And she got 2.2 million more votes than you. Just sayin'
No she didn't
2.24 million now. So yes, she did.
no she didn't she lost lost lost lost lost lost lost
Yes, she lost the EC and won the popular vote. Which bit of this are you struggling with Justin?
No she is not president regardless of what you want to say Hillary lost
I haven’t said she’s the President have I? I said she got 2.24 million more votes. Which she did.
 so she supposedly got some votes 
except you. The promises to go after Kilary. The legalizing of pot and more. I almost wish I hadn't voted.
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump How is Hillary a killer? People are claiming she's a killer with no evidence to back it up
They believed THIS type of garbage:
Already the most unpopular PE in US history- sad!
unless you are a member of the working class. Unpopular person, but a sweeping mandate based on all results.
I grew up upper middle class, but in today's society a plumber may make the same money....
wonder why the pundits don't build on what we have in common rather than our differences?
Put blame square on Trump. Hateful fascist rhetoric. Inflamer in chief
it was as much a movement as the 08 and 12 election, equally passionate and http://legitimate.You  will be ok
I'm not worried. I can live abroad if I don't like it. I'm more worried about Pence. Trump's fluff.
Pence is the real president trump is distractor in Chief
The only people who really like you are your family, Putin, and the alt-right. Be smarter with your choices...
and the milluons and millions of people who voted for him.
And more voted for Hillary. Your point?
if we took out all the dead people, faked ballots, non citizens votes I know HRC would not even be ahead there
that's because she is honorable unlike you and thought she lost fair and square but that appears to be untrue.
opposing party and it followers is just school yard bullying. Something a 69 year old woman should have
she also called American people DEPLORABLE... really... and had so many soldiers KILLED.
i said the part about calling the american voter names.
Ok I apologize.. I'm so sick of ppl never remembering her calling ppl that voted 4Trump names
she also did it to Bernie supporters in the primary
Trump is not even going after her 4what she's dome w/The email stuff&now she's going 2really
Funny you came to Cincinnati last night.  Thanks for fucking up traffic. And a tour? Tour? Egomaniac
@LindaSuhler Prosecute HRC & LOCK HER UP!
Nothing should change at all. Stein is just a wanna be politician. She need to burn that blue blazer she wears constantly.
we need better teachers & religious schools that don't teach real science r hurting kids.....
no to Romney
Sir I pray for you everyday that God will protect you and your family and He does.There is power in prayer for you so pray.
That way Hillary would be betting all on this recount.
Some people just can't  accept defeat & let it go
Jill Stein recount must have sold out for money "Follow the Money" No matter what she still lost. Just corruption for Green
The majority of US citizens doesn't want Trump as president.
Zzzzzzz
bunch of winning loosers
So what're you afraid of you whining twit.
Guess what! We are all waiting to see results Mr. President. To see if you will make justice or not with Hillary. Big deal!
since when does she ever tell the truth
She also agreed to accept the results of the election and chastised YOU for not doing the same. Hypocrite...
But Donny, you claim election rigging.  Your claims alone, though fact-less as you offer no proof, demand a recount. #Loser
@TrumpPenceUSA1
youre such a cry baby! I cant wait for them to find something on you and you get removed. You dont deserve to be our pres
yes, Nothing should change sir !! We all Hindus r with u shoulder to shoulder !! No one should be able to alter the result.
yeah... Unfortunately for America!  We won't have a country after you and your clown car of thugs  are through
With it!
A last ditch effort to "employ" her fans before they become "welfare babies"!- what a shame!!
Why have you started to lie to us. I donated to you supported you through the campaign. We remember lock her up?
so why undermine the electoral system with your rants?
You will NEVER be the legitimate President of the United States.  Even if the results of the election stand...
Sad and pathetic.
That's because Hilary Clinton is power hungry!!!
wasn't going to change anything anyway, it is just another Soros move to psych up democrats in a hope to destabilize USA.
Problem is Soros financing the recount where he had his voting machines  in all swing states.  Who will check  their fraud
She was told to concede by Obama.  She is trying very hard to make your Presidency rough,& keep this country split
Her efforts were & will be futile. The will of the people,who supported you in the election, is prevail. You're the winner!
And as we know "the winner takes it all, the loser standing small...".
Don't kid yourself Donny, you know the Electoral College could shit can any chance of you getting in the our Whitehouse!
u ain't got a phone. just like bil mury, had the agent lookin 4 u. don, won't u play betlejuice? don, come out and dressup
The Election was rigged in your favor.  You know who helped you win. You were totally correct for once.
you told us over and over, that the election was rigged! We better recount to see if you were right!
Trump,you are paranoid about recount, did u connived with Russia to steal election! remember Nixon 
@pkellyshock oh! She conceded. As it says in the Constitution. And once you pick up the phone to concede, no turning back.
May not change, but wouldn't want an honest win?
@seanhannity Recount? $7M?  What a waste. Give $$ to help feed American children going to bed hungry every night!!
Sounds like a full=scale investigation of the election is in order then!
Wrong.
I think she needs her get out of jail fee pass revoked now
Exactly, so why is Jill raising money for this boondoggle. And who is doing the auditing of the funds? So many questions..
shouldn't you be busy preparing for presidential crap and what not?  Stop tweeting you twit and get ur shit together
stop feeding into the hype. Don't reply on twitter without a lot of thought. Be very careful what you put out there.
. Mr President please do not pick Romney. Remember how he choked in 2012.election. Cant have someone who chokes as sec of st
Then why are you freaking out about it? #AuditTheVote
then why don't you relax....
That was before she found out that the election really was rigged ... by you against her!
Hey let it go...waste of emotions. Just keep working hard for us and block out this ridiculous noise!
Of course it won't change - but why are you freaking out about this?
Oh, contraire, Donny. Your election isn't final yet. Remember, Al Gore conceded, and almost became President.
No Romney!
TRUMP Dems have a LEGAL mandate to do RE-COUNT on States fraud suspected! Fraud has been found! Be professional if you can?
Would Hillary Clinton lie?  Just become our president Mr. Trump.
LOL @ people who think Hillary can still win. #dumbmofos
then y bitchn B
@GeorgeBakhos You seem a little agitated...
Lock her Pizza breath up.Lock her up.USA,USA,USA
you lost to a woman mutt
Amen to that Mr President Elect, they BETTER NOT!!
2up, 1 back take the high ground! Press on Mr. President Elect-keep your vision for America moving forward. Semper Fidelis!
Recounts could disenfranchise 14 million voters in 3 states if not completed on time. The Dems really don't care about them
seriously man,
just admit you are scared to death of the enormous responsibility you are surprised with every day & quit.
donnieBOY... Please remember, this is AMERICA!
I honestly don't believe how many idiots there are that they just can't accept that the right person won! I believe in you!
They are wasting their time just like they did for the last 8 years.
President Trump, I knew you had it from the get go... The cry babies needs to shut the__up!
It will if it was rigged!
Whatever cry baby.  More Americans voted against you for many good reasons.
"Better to be silent and thought the fool then to speak and remove all doubt."  That applies to twitter, too. #NotMyPrez
support the ones that supported you and fought hard for you. Make the right call. It is not Romney
.@realDonaldTrump Hillary Clinton made no formal concession speech; moreover proof of #Trump voter fraud wld negate it
Insecurity showing again as usual.
yousaid it is a rigged system what are you worried about hire your peoplethat you should have had picked already c'mon man
you claim voter fraud on the popular vote because it didn't go your way, yet condemn those looking to recount? Seriously?
why are you worried about it then? Stop your nonsense and #actpresidential
so do your job and quit playing Twitter wars
Supported you through thick & thin.  Dont insult us by choosing Romney
cuando yo sea presidente de Argentina te va a re caber salame
So what is Trump afraid of?
President Trump !
you gave her a get out of jail free card, then she slaps you in the face with it. Lock her up.
You are the "dirtiest lying politician" I've ever experienced in my 78 years! I"lol be watching you!
What changes is we have no respect for her! To use her own words horrifying,appalling,absurd,and a threat to our democracy!
Go away!!! You no chin, Russian-lover!! Melania only loves your money, not you!! Embarrassing Ivanka like that! Shameful!!!
Prepare to be busted for rigging the election, MN WI & MI are going to go to HRC!
she's trying to do anything to take away attention from #Pizzagate #PedoFiles #CometPizza while #WeThePeople want to #MAGA
Can you keep the diapers over your ears a bit tighter...you wouldn't want logical truth to filter in

- So get back to business and get the cabinet established and to work.  Lots to do Donald!
Better send Hillary  one of these testers before she has a heart attack. Real die hard. Drain the swamp.
thanks for putting us at ease.
Fire the orange cheetos cheese faced liar, con man and fraud.
Get WI and PA to certify results early robbing Stein from re-count
we will see, chump...
So let it slide. Jill Stein's getting her 15 minutes--more than media granted her during entire campaign. So jst #Chillout
you are such a dope.
C'mon!  Start acting presidential. Why are you ranting about how you could've won the popular vote?  That is ridiculous.
You would have been totally chill if it was the other way around.  You're classy like that.
everything will change if&when UR pal putin unleashes catastrophy on US & U grab 4 the autocratic powers... U sociopath
Let's just wait and see
@HillaryClinton .this is a fact..one college in Canada have 10 thou enrolles now frm USA the past years 1 thou only..OMG 
psssttttt... you nervous bruh???
the world will change, yes, very badly

they all need pacifiers.
then why r u trying to block the recount if you think nothing is going to change?
Hillary got 2.200.000 more votes than you Donald. America prefers Hillary!
your racist bigoted know nothing view of the world won't change
and you don't have a mandate
it's the people choice not yours this is not a monarchy. You work for the people you old fart.
If you can guarantee me that the votes have not been tampered with, since the election, I would not worry about the recount
U LIE
so if they overturn the election will Mitt Romney still be the Secretary of State?
u won and we us the majority the few can not intimidate us
b4 u take office take a look at your personal style.  Your hair is awful, too much make up and u look cheap for a rich guy
I don't know why she did that!!!!!!!!!
@FriendlyJMC 
IT ISN'T ab THE VOTES: the goal is to nullify the electoral votes by making the states miss the deadline
@@realDonaldTrump why do you want beacon of freedom the USA to become friends with a dictator like Putin? Do you have no shame?
I think ur trampy wife could use a good waxing.
Then why're you clogging my feed with your insecurity? Shut up and let me go back to my Rogue One updates
President Trump, nothing will keep you from serving the American people as our 45th President.  We are excited for change!
Yeah - except now you actually have to DO the job of being President, Donald - which you are woefully incapable of.
thought u were planning  bldg a wall,defeating Isis,deporting illegals,eliminating deficit,supporting kkk
....lock hillary up
What's changed? Millions of Americans have now witnessed the hate-filled people you've picked for your cabinet. We're mad.
in addition to calling for an independent prosecutor for Hillary on Jan 20, you should pardon Dlinesh, and restore his vote
Please respect the democratic process and the right to take ownership in process. We are holding you accountable.
