
Um... WHO made that possible?
Reminder with #DamnedFacts
LOL. Why did you pick a graph that stopped in 2007? Show 2008 ;)
Bc the Mo Jo article I stole it frm was written in '11
Little on it since frm MSM
LOL. 2011 was 3 years after 2008. Not an excuse, pookie :)
Data at that time was most current available
Updated:
Yeah but this is 2016, not 2011 ;)
Praise the Lord. Lincoln Kentucky plant is staying.
AMEN AMEN 


well Donald,they never planned to move to Mexico as told to you by bill ford and you know it. Stop the lies.#trumpisaliar
@Ba1221 yo this is a lie btw, they never had any real plans to move to Mexico lol
what you mean? https://www.yahoo.com/news/ford-move-production-mexico-report-211300016.html …
Im p sure they never went thru with it at all and now trumps taking credit lol. I'll look it up again tho
from what I've read Ford signed a contract in 2015 to build plants in M for small cars by 2017.  Hence the threat of 35% tariffs
F said it wouldn't close plants here but I guess Trump is implying they will up jobs at the small car plant in Kentucky instead of M
somewhat misleading Tweet arguably but also only 140 characters so o well
what a surprise....how unexpected lol
can we send you to Mexico?
no but you can move there.  #bye
OMGGG
Put a feather in your cap Mr. President!!! God bless you. McLeods from Roanoke
Way to go!☆☆☆☆☆
No Mexico, saving jobs already!
we LOVE YOU PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP!
A good start.
you are wrong stop lying
ye
WINNING

NO MITT!!
good news!
Yay!!!! Good for Americans! #MAGA
Trump just took credit for stopping Ford from moving a plant to Mexico. But it wasn’t planning to 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/11/17/trump-just-took-credit-for-stopping-ford-from-moving-a-plant-to-mexico-but-it-was-planning-to/?postshare=4701479441810762&tid=ss_tw …
big moves already
who likes you?
question is....who like you?
get a safety pin. Hug a pillow. Get laid.
lmao what you smoking boy 
I live in Florida...:.no recreational stuff here. Lol
WE DID IT! THANK YOU PRES TRUMP #maga
لا تنسء أن تأكل وجبه مجانيه من مستر كنتاكي ومعه مقرماشات بالصلصه طماطم
go trump
Go Trump!!!!!!!!!!!!
congrats General Flynn
he told the rest of the world this news weeks ago. Please stop lying Mr President-elect
FORD was never moving that plant. TELL THE TRUTH.
Great news. Thank you very much. Let's keep it going!!!!!
.@realDonaldTrump You are amazing.  You've literally have helped more Americans before taking office than Obama in 8 years. #MAGA 
fact check your president!
Snopes? Really? The liberal dis-information website run by two crackheads from an apt. in NYC? Really? Unreal.
Doesnt really matter who runs the fact check. The point is trump lied. Stop deflecting.
i am on your side @gonzaleagabriel
I love you! You saved us!
Slot more of those calls are coming.
YEA!!!
WRONG !
He was gonna do that anyway ..even if crooked Hillary got the job
was the Lincoln plant ever moving to Mexico?
no.
Donald Trump Takes Credit for Helping to Save a Ford Plant That Wasn’t Closing http://nyti.ms/2g4aYCx 
@nytimes lol facts from The NY Times, that's good for a laugh. What next, quoting @CNNPolitics or @CNBC ?
sorry to say @realDonaldTrump is like a gorilla beating his chest. He lies and his followers believe him. Do the research.
Keep getting your information from CNN, NY Times, CNBC, hate, and lies is all they know.
how is it hate and lies when every source INCLUDING ford says trump is lying?
exactly my point. He puffs up his chest, spews his lies and his followers lap it up.
Your hatred for Trump, does not mean both sides are not telling 1/2 truths.
.@realDonaldTrump WHY TF you lying....
i dont think he is lying

except U.S. jobs were never endangered per CEO of @Ford (via @Marketplace)
Trump said Ford's move to Mexico is a "disgrace," but Ford says no jobs will be lost. http://bit.ly/2cCqja2 
except who really expected Trump to be honest 

https://www.change.org/p/electoral-college-electors-electoral-college-make-hillary-clinton-president-on-december-19 …
Look at that! You're not even President yet and you've already done more for the country than Obama.
Trump had NOTHING to do with this. Geez, you Trumpies are gullible.  SMDH.
This is an easily proven lie.  And only a pathological liar would attempt it.
You got fooled or misunderstand. You had no effect on that decision which was made before you got elected.
do you got food or misunderstood, Trump is a flat out  liar
you feeling proud about your anti-Hillary stance now? Great job the country will be set back 25-30 years Be proud 
Im very proud of my stance for Bernie. Im ashamed of neoliberals who got Trump elected.
Hahahahaha..you looking at Trumps cabinet?, full of neocons,we may have chose Hillary but you all chose that. Kudos
Mark,DNC did anoint Hillary I agree with that, I'm a Joe Biden guy,but a Trump presidency n Scotus will set us back dozens of yrs
i'm not angry at anyone because of how they feel but I do feel everything and every gain we've made in my life time will be lost
that's what I was trying to say when I was asking Bernie supporters to support Hillary, don't lose the social games we've made
Lies, lies, and more lies.  Here's the truth:
here's the truth hillary lost, bigly
Ummm @realDonaldTrump? The "Lincoln plant in Kentucky" is not the one they're moving to Mexico:
Aaaaand already Reuters is reporting it as fact. http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-ford-motor-idUSKBN13D08J … @realDonaldTrump
Trump just took credit for stopping Ford from moving a plant to Mexico. But it wasn’t planning to.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/11/17/trump-just-took-credit-for-stopping-ford-from-moving-a-plant-to-mexico-but-it-was-planning-to/?postshare=4701479441810762&tid=ss_tw …
Ford NEVER WAS planning to move the Lincoln plant. You just completely fabricated something that you had nothing to do with
yeah but he never said her did... just said ford called him
Don't be a Putz. It's 100% clear Trump is trying to make it sound as if he saved a plant that was moving.
no ... he said he was advised ... so mad aware of a situation. he didnt say things like...
UR being obtuse. Intent was CLEARLY to imply to Trumpites he saved a Ford plant that he didn't.  Phony.
you can not prove intent based off this one tweet... you are not trump.
YEA! Make HIM Commerce Sec
you had nothing to with this. God your ego is massive.
that decision was already in place. YOu had nothing to do with it.
@AnnCoulter Are your ties still being made in Mexico?
Exactly what did you offer Ford to keep the production? @realDonaldTrump
everyone is your "friend", until they disagree with you, aren't they?  #highschool mentality.
Ford Is moving Focus production to Mexico and other units to India...What about those?
They were never going to Mexico! Just another freakin lie. Are Trump companies coming home?
.@realDonaldTrump Did he call you again? Look like it was three months ago. Gotta stop fibbing now you are PEOTUS
http://www.autonews.com/article/20161005/OEM02/161009926/bill-ford-met-with-trump-over-infuriating-mexico-comments …
They are already starting to listen to you. Praise the Lord.
.@realDonaldTrump "That was never under consideration by anyone.” https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/11/18/the-real-story-behind-that-exaggerated-tweet-from-donald-trump-about-ford/ … #factchecking #Trump
way to go!!!
FORD SAID A LONG TIME AGO THAT THE FORD PLANT WAS STAYING IN THE USA. STOP TAKING CREDIT FOR SOMETHING U DID NOT DO!
Thank you sir.
Again not true plant is moving to Mexico
You are delusional because you are a sociopath
Around the world users love to see made in U.S again but with right affordable price tags.
You didn't save Ford and he never call you!!!  Kudos to President Obama for saving the auto industry.
Liar
You have no friends Donald.
Bravo dear sir
we need more Ford Lincolns like we need cholera - please unlike fossil fuel infrastructure and help turn USA to renewables
Mr Trump do you enjoy being a F'n liar. I want to believe in you.... Please act the part.
and that has NOTHING to do with Trump-scum!
wow I don't think this plant was ever in jeopardy of closing
You had NOTHING TO DO WITH THIS u narcissistic, sociopathic liar.
silly, little-fingered man.
. LIAR!
keep on moving forward Mr President, because they (libtards) can't stand you get things done!
You just got a call from Putin, your puppet master who told you he will be keeping tabs on your finances. Oh get Tic Tacs!
stop lying. You've done nothing.
just heard from Donald Trump who advised me that no matter what he will bankrupt America just like his businesses
lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2GKHeBLxsY …
Please stay off twitter and take the time to seriously evaluate the job you have in front of you.
Mr President, great news. No media socialize that information? They suck. You will do well stay focused on whats important
Consider adding Mexico as another State to USA.  #ThePossibilities
LIAR
ummm not true....
@Ford Any company making any product they intend to sell to Americans should now be looking at growing and building here.
bull shit! All news reports today say this isn't true!!!
LIE! But that is your MO, bro Putin won't always have your back. He will be the 1st to stab, and leave you for dead.
U "work" for us  You "work" for us You "work" for us  You "work" for us  You "work" for us  You "work" for us  #TAXRETURNS
he needs to think about bringing his other plants back!
no thanks to you
Yeah. You didn't do that. The UAW Union worked the deal to keep their own jobs.
only thing it never planned to move!!!!
Fool
You actually believe everything you say, don't you . . .!
the news is saying that Bill ford did not call you to work this  deal  I think you need to straighten them out
I find this to be a troubling lie.  Ford never had any intention of moving that plant.
Bravo President Trump! You're already protecting USA Jobs-you've not even been sworn in! It's like Reagan days!
such excitement and hope for the future. Thank God for president elect #Trump!
Bravo Sir.
How dare you keep lying on your fricking Twitter account? Patting yourself on the back with lies is really pathetic, Donald
liar. Conman, sexual predator, bigot. Thief. Have I left anything out #TrumpNotMyPresident
why do you have to lie about this stuff???
he never said otherwise...!!!
please speak 2 the american people regarding the police officers being shot yesterday. #Thankful4DonaldTrump
YOU had nothing to do with anything. Do you ever stop lying?
how much ass do u eat on A daily basis?
Gr8 job Mr. President Elect! & it didn't cost a couple of million dollar payola to your Foundation! #DraintheSwamp! ThankU!

@23aaaaf619fc4a7 
Smart move
i'm glad Mr. Trump.  We need more corporations to return home and give those jobs to our people.  Good work!
lies
Ford has been confirmed it....
they had no plans to move to Mexico
liar!
what about carrier plant in Indy?
As a single mother it was difficult to find toys, even craft scissors made in America.  Please lets MAKE THINGS IN AMERICA

Already taking credit for nonexistent accomplishments.  Liar.
Thanks to trump, Kentucky will be making less of a model that sells more and more of a model that sells less.  Nice going.
how was he going to get it through the wall anyway. No door is there you Chump of that's right part is a wall but no door
@EricTrump at what price to us taxpayers ???Why always the details are left out I wonder how much tax relief his friend got
you mean the same man who said you had nothing to do with any decisions?  LOL  You are such a FRAUD.
Awesome start.  Now, Please fix Obama care and mortgage laws,  get govt regulations and paperwork out of it
Like you had anything to do with it. Discusting
Mr President keep it up! I'm excited for you and my family to see the great things you do for this awesome country of ours!
and what about your company in China?
https://www.yahoo.com/news/donald-trump-writes-misleading-tweet-175020325.html … ALWAYS LYING.
False. Lying Donald spreading more BS.
President Trump  listening to your life tonight on fox. Got my 4 day room to see u sworn in. Hope to get tickets. Greatest
wrong.
@RogerJStoneJr something Trump had nothing to do with. Typical sociopathic behavior.
you are awesome, thanks for already making good on a promise. Now one more.... INVESTIGATE AND LOCK HER UP
Why are you such a liar
Thankyou!
#pizzagate will Hillary be investigated and held accountable.
this is not true.
Hey look it was never moving
http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/11/18/502528759/trump-claims-credit-for-keeping-ford-lincoln-production-in-kentucky …
Do the same with Walmart, Mc Donalds, Coke, Pepsi....etc
tricking ppl. It won't work 4 some of us. Ford had always said Lincoln was staying in US. U take credit 4 work U didn't do
What about your own mfg, bringing it back to the U.S?
really my  nigga
More crap cars then. Nobody outside of the USA and Mexico wants to buy that rubbish.
already WINNING!
go Trump go!!!!
I just love it when you lie. Can't wait till you are impeached
The Lincoln plant in KY was NOT closing.. only 1 car model was moving to Mexico, now it's not. The FOCUS will go to Mexico
 America first! You will be the best president in American history!
liar liar liar
Your "friend" was never going to move the plant. Next u will claim your friend, the sun, will be shining today because of u
@Lrihendry Great news for American workers.
was there ever any truth to that?
He always was, you cock.
..Millions and millions already knew that for a few weeks already..Geez Frump get with the program!
According to @MSNBC Ford in Kentucky had no plans to move to Mexico.
They never were. http://crooksandliars.com/2016/11/gaslight-nation-trump-pretends-he-saved …
just the fist step in getting our jobs back! Go Donald put American back to work!
VETE A LA MIERDA HIJO DE PUTA
that plant was never leaving.
liar.
Good news for Americans
You have already accomplished more in one week to improve our economy than "Regressive" Obama did in 8 years of gov't waste
@EricTrump yes yes
@DonaldJTrumpJr @Nigel_Farage VERY HAPPY TO HEAR THAT SIR !!!
false.  Bill Ford is successfully leading Ford without the input of the government
Seriously? Liar! What is wrong with you?
liar! Ford said your election has not changed their plans #lyingdouche
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE
How much did he pay you ?
why do you love to straight out lie?! 
It does you no good.
Just proves you hate America.
This did not happen. You are a liar.
keeping campaign promises before even in office, love it!
@EricTrump
@wtester And he's not even in office yet. I'm loving this & great for the ppl of Kentucky! Hopefully others 2 follow suit

Stop lying!
