You're making it really hard for me to find anything good to say about you. Try keeping things positive. @realDonaldTrump
You're the last hope for America. Otherwise, things are gonna go so far left there will be nothing left but anarchy. @realDonaldTrump
The American People control the government. We will not allow the government to control us. If #Hillary wins, there will be a revolt.
If things go so far left as to meet the conservative militia, there is going to be another civil war.
It is simple logic and basic common sense. The conservatives are not going to put up with anymore. It will be the end of this government.
When this government no longer works, it is not only our right but our duty to throw it away and build a new one. #DeclarationOfIndependence
The 2nd Amendment was put in place in case we ever have to defend ourselves from our government. #A2 #BillOfRights
If I see a government drone flying over my house, I'm shooting the goddamn thing down whether it's legal or not. That's MY fucking airspace.
Weakest link in the chain!
what you did to Obama black people will never forget it Mr trump. It's show what kind of man you are.
You should have endorsed @kelliwardaz instead of that old "Reason for the need for term limits" John McCain. Big mistake
@jimmythemole01 @realDonaldTrump @kelliwardaz he says whatever helps him the most in that moment. Our nation is in trouble.
you are so right!  Trump is dangerous, very dangerous!
Hillary is Lethal to this country
I get the lesser of two evils argument. Hard to discern the lesser this time-Consider @DarrellCastle
no consideration, Never Trump!
I'm more on the Never EVER Hillary side
Did not want term limits for himself. @JeffFlake
I'm 4 #Trump BUT Please try not to denigrate senators from states from which you might need cooperation in January.... :>)
Like i said, he is a  FLAKE!  He is friends with Kaine! He is a closet democrat!!
#CROOKEDHILLARY #MRSREXIT #AMERICAFIRST #TIMEFORCHANGE #MAGA
Lock him up!

totally agree!! Flake does not speak for the people of Arizona!! We are for you!!!
That`s because the numbers is so low !
@JeffFlake @GOP. Flake, You dont represent tens of millions of Americans.Youre the #1 reason we're voting Trump.Pathetic.
Very nice :-(
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
d
Read somewhere he & my equally weak/ineffective Sen Heinrich from NM had a TV show as 2 half-baked "glamour-boys"! Lol!!
TRAITOR TO ARIZONIANS N USA
http://endingthefed.com/obama-cuts-2-6-billion-from-veterans-while-allocating-4-5-billion-to-syrian-migrants-moving-to-america.html …
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
This is the Trump we know and love. Now time to go after Repubs in say, Ohio, NC, FL, NH. You're not weak. Do it!
jeez dude, know when to take a walk.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
- #FlakeyFlake
you are circling the drain, sir. Enjoy the ride down.
Hillary is right about you -- there isn't one person you have not insulted -- you offer nothing but hatred ...
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
Quit attacking Republicans! If you hope to govern, you'll need them. #DefeatThe Left #StayOnPoint
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
Rest assured you are 1M x sadder and weaker so you excel at that.
why do you have to insult and ridicule hard working people Mr. Donald J. Trump??
Mr Trump would U try 2 remember UR running against @HillaryClinton not @JeffFlake . Focus on Hillary .FOCUS MATTERS.
massive rally who ended very disappointed from your dark, inhuman & falling speech that was a big example of Bigotry
Liberals and Democrats are bad enough in their own party. We cant afford them in ours.
Calling out regardless of party. I like it.
Mr Trump,

    Can you please win this for us.  

Signed,
                Majority of America.
Soon to be gone Senator.
wow keep attacking your own republicans. Great strategy. Sad!
thank God for @realDonaldTrump who isn't afraid to call out incompetence when he sees it!
your numbers in Arizona are worse than either McCain in 08 or Romney in 12. Might be better to focus on that.
he will carry state.  Focus on that.
Send a letter next time from John Kelly.   Rep Wilson made a mockery out of it.

Flake: "Reckless, outrageous, and undignified behavior has become excused and countenanced as 'telling it like it is'." 
and Jeff Flake is a dog killer. Don't forget that
Draining the swamp as promised!
If the people are so AMAZING, how did they elect a supposedly weak and ineffective Senator?
@Donald trump. What you did to Megan Kelly on live TV that's deplorable. Blood coming out of her whatever.
Erratum: sadly 2 weak Senators, one on #Alzheimer meds? Call that DC Pharmacy
who dose your taxes what do you have to hide?i am not republican or democratic but you are hiding something
Not for long, Sir!  Victories for #MAGA keep piling up.  Winning is contagious.

not a fan of these recent cartoons.
Feel free to create and submit your own. We are open to others artwork and share as well.
Thank you
Maybe you can pay him off, too?
Yes they do! He is a coward
I'm sure #DonTheCon didn't bring this up at the pulpit during his phony Black Outreach yesterday
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.
went undercover as a young lawyer to expose racism in schools just about the time trump was being sued 4 racism in housing
anymore questions Mario?!?
you had a rally? Must have been on while I was watching the @POTUS.
He lost my parent's vote...
Flake at lease has a shred of integrity. The US deserves a lot better than a weak and desperate narcissist like you. Sad!
which is why we need your help in getting @kelliwardaz 2 replace & #FireFlake
#ThanksDonald
Not for long
You are WEAK @realDonaldTrump . Do you do anything but watch tv searching for yourself? You DEFINE narcissism #weakdonald #Trumplies
well he doesn't have time to destroy cell phones with hammers
Have you seen this alleged escort lately? When will she address immigration questions????
. This is the real question. CROOKED Donald. You are a fraud


Not sure you realize how this works. You're gonna need support from the senator to get your agenda through congress. Idiot!
He spends more time attacking the GOP than Hillary Clinton. He's behaving like an agent of the DNC
Too thinned skinned to take ANYONE not endorsing him.
is a #bully.  How did you earn the right to judge?
, Frank Schmuck (R) defeated Jeff Dial LD 18 in AZ. As his campaign logo read "That's right Frank Schmuck!"
You have a funny way of making friends in the sandbox.
You are a case study in what it means for a child to grow up rich, spoiled and unloved.
I have tunnel vision, I only care about HRC. These r distractions we can't afford from weak leaders that prefer terrorism.
Stop it. Hillary. Just stay after Hillary.
massive like your half empty hall in Detroit?
who cares, please stat on message! You had a great week and the only thing the media hits is this tweet
Safe to say a bible and a prayer SHAW couldn't wait to get off you.
Donald a tu mamy a 20 Uñitas! Ladrillo por ladrillo metete tu muro por tu putrido y asqueroso fundillo!
You just couldn't help yourself, could you?
Forget Senator Flake. Not important. Your spotlight can make it hard to change his mind. Let him come around.
massive amount of protestors
i am from AZ I moved to TX Jeff is a Flake his name fits him!

Don't take the bait. Americans matter, not Flake. He's probably a shady politician. Not as honest as people think.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!

Come election day this rhino is going to regret it! Scotus should be our focus our grand children's futures r at stake !!!!
It's sad that you are ruining this country.
[] #Pookie what makes the groups of people coming to your rally #Amazing - Do tell - the nation needs to know!
I support you big time!! Please stop tweeting about others.Only Hillery and her bad points.No name calling PLEASE!!Pls WIN!
side track Flake or republican that broke word is petty to bother with, stay on Message, debate ask tax return? Emailed her
the shot that library's come up with
You are seriously going after fellow Republicans? Seriously? You are so bad you must be a Democrat plant!
The GOP doesn't need a liberal NYC Hillary donor telling them what they need. I wish Flake were the nominee over 'ol Donny.
I thought they were tremendous people. You underdeveloped mind seems to only knows two adjectives; amazing and tremendous
projecting again. Transparent. Work on yourself instead of picking on your qualities in others. Oh, but thats hard work....
seen him on Fox, very sad. Flake has no idea what he is saying, he needs to pay attention. Can't believe he's from AZ.
Are you still a thing?
@KellyannePolls TAKING THE BAIT AGAIN & PUNCHING DOWN!! THIS ONLY HARMS U DOES NOT GET U 1 VOTE..FOCUS ON HILLARY & OBAMA
omg you are sooooo mean
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
dr Mr Trump. No disrespect but stop the nonsense talk and go be with your family. Write your thoughts on paper not internet
I really want you to win but your last comment is not needed or required. Talk like a professional. Don't let us down.
Why do most of the tweets on here sound uneducated. Are they real or just Donald clones?
actually we have a strong senator, @JeffFlake that stands up for what is right. A man of integrity.
oh here he goes attacking someone he speaks out against him bwahahaha
vote out flakey Jeff
How did the Republican Party allow this nut job to get the nomination. Embarrassing
So 5000 people is massive? You have size issues, dude.
I hate the way you talk. It's so fuckin elementary! Sad.
is a weak and ineffective presidential candidate...............
Flake has his head stuffed up McCains ass.
flake is just another establishment shill who believes he is royalty. You have a lot of house cleaning to do as POTUS.
Obama creating a Muslim states - http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/09/02/number-refugees-sent-michigan-increased-65-percent-one-year-come/ …
so funny all the negative are from the left. Looks like you are doing something right.
Is Melania Trump an illegal immigrant? http://newsmasterapp.com/article/i6326848188378350084?app_id=1106 …
@mackette52 
They're BOTH weak and ineffective!
Why attack Republicans?? You need every vote...
why because he knows what you really are? Good for him
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
'This is our country!': Tempers flare as Obama arrives in China http://nyp.st/2c24mnQ  via @nypost
Jeff Flake rules! I love Republicans with cojones. (That's not you)
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
Yes make Arizona Great again, take a Jet Blue to give you a ride to the Grand Canyon and get lost in it.
you are like a small angry child.
Why cause he doesn't think 'C' stands for Colored?
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
Dictators | The Briefing https://youtu.be/3T4rprFEDbo  via @YouTube
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
thinks an all white crowd of bigots qualifies as a massive rally.. SAD. #NeverTrump
you meant to write John McCain.that  is ok we know you have memory problems #ClintonsMemory #NeverTrump
I support you, but you don't have to attack anyone who doesn't.  The overkill makes you look insecure.
You are ineffective and SAD Desperate Donald!
HE SHOULD HAVE RUN AS A DEM THAT IS WHO HE REALLY IS AND WE HAVE SEVERAL MORE TOMEY IN PA ANOTHER RYAN MCCONNELL 2 MORE DEM
strong man , only weak person there was Trump
oh, little Donald is upset about not getting an endorsement.
you are SAD!!
Very sad and if he doesn't do as we have directed him we will remove him.  Mr. Flake be careful!
@JoeNBC @SenWarren And you said disgusting things about the other senator from Arizona. Making friends and influencing...
more Trump insults can u anything other than insult people / you r just so shallow
flake is a flake
Flake has morals, unlike you. Can't wait to watch you implode!
CALLING ALL HACKERS: Please delete Donald Trump's Twitter account. America will celebrate the hack!
He must be part of the Ted Cruz , Jebra Bush globalist cabal.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
Very true, he has proven to be a true Flake!
Great. If you are elected then they will also have a very weak and ineffective president. Lucky them.
only a weak feeble minded person attacks others as weak, real presidential , really Donald grow up
Flakes a Flake !!
AZ resident, Flake is a big disappointment !  John mcC should retire too .......
#Arizona4Trump EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN MUST GET OUT AND VOTE FOR TRUMP IN NOVEMBER!!
% TRUMP 

Donald Trump receiving the Elise Island Medal of Honor along with Rosa Parks, Muhammad Ali and others in 1986 https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/4mm2tx/donald_trump_receiving_the_elise_island_medal_of/ …
you are a genetic mistake #NeverTrump
So far, anyone who doesnt endorse you is incapable of doing their job or anything else right. Grow up, dude. Youre pathetic
Your right, Im a Arizona businessman and we have two weak senators
I don't think he cares about your criticism.And it seems less likely each day that Arizona will vote Trump. #sayswho? Polls
When speaking of some agitators, you've said if you "had a couple of mins to just TALK to them... We all want same things!"
any specifics as to why you think he's weak?  If course not.
No Donny. You are sad.
Disrespecting another (R) Senator from AZ?  lst McCain and now Flake btw your wowwee in AZ SUCKED!
Thank God the people have a voice with you President Trump.
keep hitting crooked Hillary on the economy.
