And our patients are suffering
But what are you gonna do about hurricane matthew?
he has Alzheimer's. Hillary gonna kill Bill next!
with fucking what? What is your plan trump? Seriously. Why don't we just ask Canada, they know how to do it right!
replace with what ? You have no plan.
well if you know the history Hillary can't stand the Obamas. and now Bill got them fetching his coffee, hysterical to watch
With what, genius? Can't just leave people without insurance
Hillary is going to leash him and tie him up behind the scenes

Cletus, it's "you're".....
did you read about Obama dropping charges against Libyan arms dealer to protect Hillary?!?! You have to say something
when it's a close fight in boxing, match is determined by the punches landed.
start swinging away.
you are the worse candidate ever representing the Republicans
who is this fake!
she is absolutely undermining the people of the United States being two face like in her leaked emails.
u got 2 get attack HRC about all of her pass transgressions which yours pales in comparison to hers. U got nothing 2 lose.
& these are the weapons that u use to win!Stay away from Bills Past as far as women go.Studyfor next debate.
ppht: Next Debate decides your Future. It was easy for her to win the last debate. Allude to Her failures! Study !Study !
Ppht: Mr Pence ! That was Brilliant Took that Boy to the Woodshed .
Pence Debate will move the polls. Now Clinton Camp trying to create devision between Trump &Pence ! But Pence Nailed it .
ppht @ debate when she brings up your words alluding to 10 years ago.tell her and the world ,you would say it again
ppht tell her you'll say it again,if the men in Benghazi would have lived . Instead they got Death because of her decisions
ppht : fear not Evil always raises its ugly head to distract you and always at its worst .only to try to steel ur Blessing
now we know Hillary really wants an open border. Yeah, as in millions of Democrat voters streaming in for dems to control.
fuck trump
That's something about BC saying Obama Care is NO GOOD lol will HC wants to keep IT SHE wants to keep everything Like obama
TK like the little boy in school who wants to b noticed, n everyone ignores
YOU GO GIRL DJT MP IS THE ONES TK WILL NOT SHUT UP FOR CRAPPIE SAKE
Excuse that Obama Approved these comments - WOW- The Clintons and Obamas HATE each other!
confused on how she is womens advocate but stayed married to a rapist
REPLACE WITH WHAT?  YOU HAVE NO PLAN OR IDEA. YOU ARE FULL OF IT!
you haven't been listening. I know his plan and love it.
if you know his plan can you tell us? Maybe we'll get some meaningful discussion from it
he wants to create competition by opening states. Health savings plans.
We are with you Donald. Nobody's perfect.
"MAKE CHINESE STEEL GREAT AGAIN" - Trump. Your full of shit pal.
Wow did you hear how DT grabs P....?

that kid looks terrified.. why is the scary orange man hurting me?

Why are socialist liberals so vile and rude? Can you not give a reasonable argument? Uneducated? Missing Hitler?

Hello @realDonaldTrump release your tax returns
oh get over it and shut the hell up! Idiot!!
oh yes .. can always count on good ole Bill.... we may be able to convince him to vote for @realDonaldTrump ..
He probably gonna turn state witness on his masta the Hilda-bitch
Hillary is going to make the best president and you're gonna be cleaning toilets
you must be smoking something really bad.
Obamacare is a carbon copy of Hitlercare right down to FEMA/Concentration camps in guise of health n safety
are you going to grab Hillary by the pussy, at the next debate? If of course you have the balls to show up.
Doufuss Donald...you have NO PLAN for healthcare. NONE..JUST CHEAP TALK
I must say that I am really disappointed in you. I have been a huge fan of until these comments about women
you must take off the gloves tonight!
You must pull up there track record how he and her mistreated the Women abused bythem
Best defense is a even better offense.and please comment about her fake smile it's deceptive and disgusting lying 2 people
Apologize don't defend say your very sorry end of story. Talk about Wiki L says she said she can not relate to middle class
Replace with what! Your never say!
So, what's your replacement policy? @realDonaldTrump
lets see. Obama care is basically having nothing, so replace with ANYTHING?
Tell that to the 20 million who have insurance thanks to the ACA @cchhjh_josette @realDonaldTrump
hard working Americans must pay while others ride for free
Like Donald Trump, who might have escaped income tax for 18 years? @cchhjh_josette @realDonaldTrump
trump will win
Obamacare has 1 thing already proven, concentration camps for health n safety! I mean FEMA
I can see you. You might want to see a doctor. The taxes I pay will help you get health care. ObamaCare rocks
Ya, Hitler had the exact same plan, it worked perfectly! FEMA camps too! Health n Safety
come up with a better solution don't reply to my tweet. I am not bias I just dislike Trump and everything he stands for.
That token Hillary model who fat shamed others accusing Trump of fat shaming her lied about it.
not make you presidential. If that's what America stands for then we have a problem. America was founded on the backs of
Did you see your latest polls?  Dropping like a rock!
they will go back up. Oh yeah, dead people are probably on these polls that's the only way dems can win
bravo
http://donaldtrumprevolution.weebly.com 
'MAKE CHHI'NAA GREAT AGAIN !!!' - Hypocritical liar @realDonaldTrump https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iL_q0J77kh4 … #TrumpPence2016
Where else is he gonna get it. It takes COAL to make STEEL! US steel dying!
Rubbish. Nuclear power makes steel gas makes steel. He could buy it in Pennsylvania. doesn't
Don't pretend to smart. STEEL IS MADE WITH COAL
rubbish. Coking Coal is old method pal. High temp furnaces are electric arc which is nuclear
That explained why Chinese steel is better than ours now. They still use coke!
Pal I've no time for silly people. You can't keep burning coal. It's wrecking the planet.
Ohio just left you,  
 hahahahaha!
You're fucking done.
tanking.
been suiting since late July lol
the same polling site you now don't like because he's losing in those states according to them?
In my day we liked flirting and risqué attention, which we laughed off and didn't take it seriously
Trump being sued for rape of 13 y/o.  Just refiled in NY.  
http://www.plainsite.org/dockets/302di81zx/new-york-southern-district-court/doe-v-trump-et-al/ …
Hillary will say she can fix it better than anyone.  Total govt health control? Another piggy bank for Congress to raid.
so you are saying screw the poor? Do you realise most people are working class?!
her husband's not helping her very much
@JaredWyand
yeah ? Just keep ur sisters from seeking 'autographs' from him. ..k ?
#PervertTrump 

to be fair, democrats get over 90% of the black vote almost every year. 3% from everyone else would be nice.
'MAKE CHI'NAA GREAT AGAIN !!!' -  Hypocritical liar @realDonaldTrump. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iL_q0J77kh4 … #TrumpPence16
your mom slept with bill
did you actually say "punk?" What are you 87? Good argument.
punk
sooo good. This is just getting better.
just fucking with you....still a punk
obamacare is a total failure
Obama care is identical to Hitler care! Classic socialism.
ok how would you provide health care to all citizens?
First problem is to rip the Rockefeller model of health care apart
An open system where private insurance is well regulated and can not deny coverage.
The property of public services such as hospitals, should be own and governed by the civilian pop
agree with this but republicans typically fight against any regulations
The big prob is slow brainwashing. The people have come to believe the gov is custodian
bill secretly wants to avenge his beastly wife
Here's proof that Donald Trump still won't tell the truth about Cuba http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-cuba-embargo-florida-fidel-castro-cuban-americans-havana-505067 …
Hey @realDonaldTrump did you hear how bad you lost the debate 8 days ago? 
Sunday
bless your heart, it was Monday
Sunday
Please go bother your 12 followers @cchhjh_josette @realDonaldTrump
LOL, says the guy being sued for raping a 13 year old  girl.Just refiled Trumpsters. Delete your account. #coward #bonespur
delete your lies
You're another Russian Commie Godless troll. Get Jesus. He will show you the light, heathen.
God bless you
Repent.
Boy you socialist nazi's sure hate commies and republicans. Hitler get a booboo wanna try again
I posted it on Facebook and said he must be voting Trump for President. #TrumpPence16 #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Bill is campaigning for TRUMP! He will cast his vote for TRUMP too!
we live you TRUMP. Hillary paid trolls are earning their 10.00 hr
it's too loud with all the laughing at your poll #'s
they're all laughing at you for believing the polls

That list is complete bullshit
Actually it's wrong. There are MORE newspapers that endorsed Hillary since that list was posted
What would you replace it with????  No plan I bet.
rat
the wall = MS13.  Incentive to safty economy
wow! Did you hear trump didn't pay taxes for 20 years? WE are not happy with YOU. 
Try getting the facts straight, Skippy!
YES - HES RIGHT OF COURSE.  LOL.  HILARY PROBABLY WANTS TO KILL HIM.  HA HA.  HE'LL TAKE IT BACK.
I heard it and agree. Hillary is a criminal - period.
Our health care insurance went from $10,000 in 2012 to $23,000 last year for two people yes it has to be fixed!
@cajunairess  make a great ad. Think bill wants to retire first attacked blm now obamacare
It's bad cause you haven't paid taxes to make it better.
You have NO idea what to put in it's place, and neither do any of the GOP leaders.
how about just repeal?  It's not the insurance that's a scam, it's the cost of healthcare. $40 fee for "surgical gloves"...
Shut up fool! You have no ideas that make sense 

with what no plan like the rest of your agenda of nothingness?
I can't wait for the day that @realDonaldTrump responds to one of your #meantweets LOL
with????
Men got us into this mess. Time to give a woman a chance.
With what?  Single Payer? No. Medical Savings? No.  Private Healthcare Insurance? That’s Obamacare!  No Insurance? BINGO!
this is my last call will u.or not?
Hillary Clinton was born in Chicago.
Repeal and replace, @realDonaldTrump #Flush the movement!

you really fucking creep me out man and I love it
dear sir be calm stay very professional or presidential u are the voice of the people do you hear the people sing

Emphasis on replace.  I'm losing my individual BCBS policy for 2017 and can't afford a 60% increase! Bill C was right!
WITH WHAT? THAT CRAP POLICY U HAVE PROPOSED?  THAT ISN'T GOING TO DO SHIT
@foxy17111965 replace with what??
Bill's gonna take a beating when he gets home.
repeal it and make a free open market no state line bull shit! Don't force people to pay for others insurance!
Do we know if Kane can spell potato? Pence is doing great.
liar!
Phony Donald, what are you going to replace it with- the Russian system?
on day one.
I think Bill doesn't really want to be in the White House again with Hillary there.
Bill's zipper was open 
Melania & her undying devotion to being seen by your side! She hides behind Baron- just like you did before he was born!
Bill was Impeached! He should not be aloud to step foot in the White House! #BillRapesWomen #BillsKid Bill has a son.
first I agree with man. My premium went from $200 to $1,900 a month. Unaffordable health care at $21,000 a year.
Bill is getting so old from all is playing around ..... probably caught few things too.
Wow Donny you still getting beat up like you did n grade school. Girls were beating you up then tll hahaa #Yoursuchaloser
wow, they gave you your phone back?
I just heard that the RNC said Pence wond the VP debate.  Guess you missed it Donnie.  Try in 4 yrs.  hahahahahaha
Rates are skyrocketing in MN will go up 50-63% This will bust the middle-class
Pence definitely won this debate! Next debate with Hillary, just let her blab, shake ur head,politely rebuttal.youll win!
Which one of your babysitters typed that?
I smile warmly greet ~~
Callate imbecil
Donald, don't be a fool. The GOP will never get a better healthcare plan reinstated. If you repeal, HEALTHCARE IS GONE.
with what? Details matter.
no insults needed you've got her on corruption and failed policy. Steady and calm on Sunday
"MAKE CHINESE STEEL GREAT AGAIN" - Trump. Actions speak louder than words Donald. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iL_q0J77kh4 … #TrumpPence16
Two good old boys who need to shut up and sit down .Because its time a women run shit now .Real talk
Rework is the best. You don't have any idea or policy.
is @HillaryClinton ever happy with anything @billclinton does? Don't let that phys
yes but you were genuine- his is just political
He could say he never said it & it'll go away #CruzSrJFK
#ChinaInTPP
#ClimateChangeHoax #DontKnowDavidDuke #MockTheDisabled
I have been on disability since 2009 and since a oDUMBO's plan kicked in my Med Part D has gone up from $16 to $84 (2017)
you don't pay taxes!   Why do you care?   You're eligible for free insurance I am sure.   Fraud
Bill Clinton called Obamacare crazy & Defended his Crime Bill that Hillary calls racist.  He's practically endorsed Trump!
ONLY CHOICE TRUMP 2016!
"wow"?  what're you 12?
Then Drumpf where's your bill...sorry have someone with a brain explain how that's done.
@P0TUSTrump there taking all your ideas now
if you get elected and we don't like the job you do do we have to pay you?
it worked for me
You r losing that's why you're grasping desperately at straws. You make me sick.
you are a pathological liar.
Quote Bill at next debate.
The walls going to keep the Muslims out? I though it was gonna be on the southern border?
For the record he said that a certain condition "is crazy" & will be fixed. On the other hand, you can't be fixed
Gotta check bill for bruises when hillary goes off. Hahahaha
#PA4TRUMP
Evil destroys evil. Thank God for you.

President Trump in 2017 yes! Everybody already know that , you are the first person was talking about it.
You have to make that a TV commercial. .Hillary praising it then chime in Bills statement...
I think Bill is voting for you soon to be President Trump.
love Obamacare it's the greatest. But it should be taxed as income
Twisting the truth yet again. Read the full article ppl or listen to what Bill actually said. My you are a hypocrite!!
You grizzle like a spoiled brat when u think ppl r biased n misinterpret u yet u do it all the time. But it's ok for u hey?
What you got to replace it with?
т-рам пушка ещё чуть чуть и мы победим ты там держись
Amen! By the way Governor Pence smoked the Killary train in the debate WOO HOO!
That crook has been a thorn in that OLD BAT Hillary FOR YEARS,i can see her ugly face ripping him apart...
Tarzan do not know where Tarzan go.
desperate now so trying to sound like you 
Yes, I heard it, well at least she won't be throwing White House dishes at his head tonight, she can use her own. Love You!
you're a buffoon
go away
Exactly!!Before Obama care I was paying $600month for family http://ins.Now  $1400 & nothing covered!Every bill I have has gone up
with what?
with what orange man.
we all know it was MEANT to fail. Hard to repeal something that is accomplishing what they set out to do: single payer
Delete your account.
GOP Congress have had years to pass bills to improve the ACA. And have done nothing
obamacare is causing me to lose my home due to its extremely high costs
. Everybody knows he's an idiot...
Let's take away your families health ins.
@kvictoria1103 not a good week for Hillary. The "tent dweller" just turned up her oxygen.
need to regulate hospital billing and insurance companies the price gouging is out of hand and no recourse to question it
replace with WHAT? your website doesn't list SHIT
@SenSanders And he dumped on Bernie Sanders in Ohio... The Obamas and Clintons are not close no matter how they frame it.
Lies
Replace with what? It took two centuries to get affordable Healthcare. How about fix what we have.
I didn't hear B Clinton say it but i will have to before I can believe a word out of your mouth
@CaptSlyfox Chief great job picking your VP just more proof how smart you are to empower great people around you. that's 
AMEN!
Replace with what? Details matter, not hollow promises backed up by "believe me".
@HillaryClinton
you have my vote
I'm so excited to be in your camp!  We will go to the wall for you!!!   And with you
Is Pence going to advocate for the return of the LGBT community to second-class status?
It's obvious you didn't listen to all of the statements. HRC herself has said she'll fix the parts of it that don't work.
BTW, you have to read whole articles, not just the 140 character tweet. Try to keep up, ok?
