Are you gonna say the word "bigly"? You know the made up word that's not actually a word?
it's a word. Look in the urban dictionary. Goofball.
Urban....dictionary....Doesn't count
what about Webster? Does that count? Bigly adverb. Do you know what that is?
Screenshot me the Websters dictionary definition.
thought you might ask.
Its still not a real word. How many people other than Trump actually say this word in public? None.
so you gonna argue with Webster. It's tough arguing with liberals. Y'all just won't take off blinders.
tax cheat
better than a murderer.
Ok Jim Bob
some people call me bubba.
why does it not surprise  me?
your cool. I like you.
thank you.
Let's get out the vote on Nov. 8 to STOP Mr. Trump. He will lose in a landslide! #VoteOrGrope
Nathan if you've never in your life  had locker talk, you are either a liar or gay. Come on, get over it.
yer silly
no no I don't believe so.
I can't imagine any two people in the world I would be less interested in watching
you'd be great as a waiter at Applebees. Enjoy!
@darcy027027 @oreillyfactor #PresidentTrump speaks tonight #Boss will address his people, the American faithful. Tune in.
if you like to vomit.
What a laugh. My friends & I get popcorn & open beers to watch O'Reilly Laugh-in.
Yeah you 2 can discuss your mutual sexual harassment techniques
Underhanded softball. @iamjohnoliver @SNLUpdate @WomensHumor @VOTE_U_S_A
You are afraid of Rachel Maddow. She would tear you up! Expose you! We would all laugh!
@KellyannePolls  @BreitbartNews  You/your campaign functionas Hitler/Joseph Goebels.
#WakeUpAmerica Trump is dictator his thugs R Goebels
In parts of Arkansas voting machines do not have Donald Trump for president.  It has Hillary twice
who the fuck carez
no thanks
#Trump
Still OBSESSED with using 'term' Radical Islamic Terrorism?
OK Then,
HE is a 'Radical Christian KKK' Sexual Predator
one thing that you never have to worry about ruff ruff
yes, thank you for putting this out there ! I think Hillary's heart is frozen, TRUMP CARES ,HUGE 
donald trump is such a bad and horrible and low life of a person richard

Follow me if you support Trump!
nail that liar
Another evil clown sighting?
listen @oreillyfactor @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump please stop repeating each sentence twice #Ignorant once only
you will make a foul of your self as always donald trump richard
how much are you paying wiki leaks for these "hacked" documents? How much to make stuff up? To break the law?
get you head examined buddy
why should I?
funny how you stopped all interviews with anyone other than National Enquiresque FOX news. Can't take the heat I guess
We always enjoy watching the next President.  Let's Make America Great Again.
When was America better, when blacks had to sit at the back of the bus, when woman were held down by men!
Enjoy? The only thing that I'll enjoy is you losing tomorrow! Woo hoo!
Your wife called you her child along with Barron so she talked about you in her speech today! Her idea today
Come over to CNN and MSNBC for interviews too. Man up!
great job nail her good we need you! !!
THANK YOU !
The show that so eloquently mocked Chinese Americans. Classy.

just saw first graders on Fox news,they all said HC lies a lot! Ha ha! Out.of the mouth of babes!
Go. hilLIARy. It's even in her name and you are sadly too brainwashed to see it.
you have trouble spelling dont you?

She makes Nixon look angelic!
more like the oral factor
you should know.
will do
Hey there Mista Donny..Hope ur well tonight
You Suck,PUTIN LOVER.Go away

@dale_je @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor

were you in a union at the railroad? Hm? Are you freelancing now?

BOMBSHELL:  TRUMP INVESTIGATED, SUED AND PROSECUTED FOR YEARS FOLLOWING HIS UNSUCCESSFUL PRESIDENTIAL BID! @amjoyshow
The only one who still wants to try to defend you when U are a lost cause. Temper Tantrum throwing baby..
I'd rather eat a bowl of puke!
give me a break, that is the only show you can go and agree to everything you said. O'Reilly is an. ......
you know he is not really a news reporter right?
We never enjoy Donnie
Nobody is better at Being interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Than you! @realDonaldTrump #trumpvoice
you're gonna. Lose.  Enjoy!
ANY POLITICIAN FROM NYC IS PROBABLY A FRAUD; BIG ROTTEN APPLE CORRUPTS THEM ALL!  NEVER GOING BACK!
"Enjoy"? Endure is more like it. Your long and rambling unfinished thoughts are repetitively boring.
Would NEVER watch you on any show esp Faux Noise!
Lou DOBBS should be interviewing/O'Reilly is dishonest/Traitor! JEALOUS OF TRUMP!
TRUMPpence2016
Hilliary knows the FBI won't be able release evidence before Nov 8.  How stupid does she think we are???
Old Hillary up to her old tricks.  Showing  her poker face!
if I can't afford $445/mo. What makes them think I can afford $900? Guess I'll go without again.
Nobody but the nazis watch that
The FBI should be investigating you for TREASON.  Enjoy!
I'll wait for the factcheck.
these libs are just plain crazy to continue to support this lying, cheating, corrupt lifelong politician
Please.. Please Please don't go getting off script don't let them BAIT YOU IN!!!! PLEASE
love you Donald Trump , you make me proud to be an American! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#lockherup she belongs in prison not the white house
two idiots lyin their teeth out
comb your hair
why? He's a rude a##hole
@Trumpertarian @realDonaldTrump  be composed on @oreillyfactor show compassion even though we are #StrongerWithoutHer
"Enjoy"? Two jerks kissing each others a$$ isn't enjoyable for anyone except the extremely ignorant.
Nope, shan't.

Oh Hillary? What's is going on with her???
http://conservativestate.com/hillary-clinton-2013-like-see-people-like-donald-trump-run-office-theyre-honest-cant-bought/ …
all it took was a weiner to bring Hillary down .eat more hotdogs America!
Pound her sorry ass into submition. That imbecile blamed Putin for the hacks obviously without evidence.
Looking forward to it.
. Hillary's supporters, tell us where it hurts? 
rather go to dentist
And that's different from every other day how?
looking forward to seeing you Mr Trump!! Making America great again!!!!
please be good and don't answer if he asks you will sue act like HILARY -don't ans.B positive talk up us!
@HillaryClinton TRUMPS UNEDUCATED, UNQUALIFIED, SERIAL TAX EVADER, SEXUAL BIMBO PREDATOR, ANTI-DEMOCRACY!!!
@HillaryClinton TRUMP ANTI-DEMOCRACY,ANTI-ELECTIONS, SERIAL TAX EVADER FRAUD! 6 BANKRUPTCIES, 3500 LAWSUITS!
You mean you will go on one show still hosted by a sycophant. You and O'Reilly are perfect for each other.
@HillaryClinton HILLARY BEST SEC. OF STATE, N. Y. SENATOR, YALE LAW GRAD! TRUMPS R CHEAP UNEDUCATED BIMBOS!!
stay cool and don't let him bate you
Good job!
HRC should be seeking asylum from USA, instead of seeking votes for President.
republicans interviewing republicans,grade A bullshit coming up then.
why do you keep doing his show? Do Lou Dobbs or Hannity
OK. but pls roll out ur policies for America. But not hash words to opponents. Edafe from Nigeria
maybe he could explain why the tightening of 12 points,FBI,they are trying to jump ship! Classic govt play!
Who cares!!!
illegal's have pathway, it's hardship waiver, approve b4 leave USA, go home 2 embassy, 2 wks. n come back
Pls. Let the people know no President can veto pathway to citizenship, HRC signs don't mean its a done deal
not much to say there.  He's a good reporter but another Newt like moron that is only feeding your stupidity
Oh yes we all watched I made sure I tweeted that..be careful of set up 4 trouble on election day. Its n news
Who cares??  #LOSER
While you two are blowing each other, HRC is winning the election.
I'd rather watch paint dry!!
Will you explain how you became such a coward?
Saw this....u did great....stick to the issues...u got this!
Saw it. Pitiful.
come on my page here on Twitter where u can vote on who u think would be our next president of 2016
http://www.politicususa.com/2016/10/28/billionaire-donald-trumps-presidential-campaign-flat-broke.html …
I will be watching. We love you Mr.Trump
@seanhannity Still better coverage than nasty vindictive @megynkelly when Trump turns her interviews down.
She's a sick bastard when she gets rejected.
O Reilly wants to play devils advocate too much lately.
Again - forgot the quotes around "enjoy". People might think you really mean "enjoy" and not "watch in horrific disbelief".

Yeah cause we haven't had to look at that bloated orange face enough.

Another comic show
So, have you stolen your concession speech yet?  You could use Mc Cain's....

This is what we call a win-win. http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-if-i-lose-i-dont-think-you-will-ever-see-me-again-2016-4 …
@HillaryClinton TRUMP ANTI-DEMOCRACY HITLER!ANTI-ELECTIONS! 6 BANKRUPTCIES! 3500 LAWSUITS SERIAL TAX EVADER!
bring up Obama corresponding with Hillary's private email. He lied to the FBI!!!
@HillaryClinton TRUMP ANTI-DEMOCRACY DICTATOR! NO ELECTIONS! 6 BANKRUPTCIES! SERIAL TAX EVADER,LIAR DESPOT!!
@HillaryClinton TRUMP ANTI-DEMOCRACY HITLER DICTATOR! NO ELECTIONS! 6 BANKRUPTCIES! SERIAL TAX EVADER,LIAR!!
I will turn the tv off

nice
De acuerdo, te confieso que disfruto todas las pendejadas que dices.
THIS is the best political ad everhttp://digg.com/video/gerald-daugherty-ad-texas …
Wiki leaks show True Colors of Clintons Corrupt dishonest self serving people who bend the rule of law to fit their needs
trump is poison he must be stopped
you two together? Nobody has ever enjoyed that. Ever.
Explain this!  Hannity#1 show in ALL cable News!! We're tired of Trump bashing !!
I'd rather enjoy a stick in my eye.
O'Reilly love your show can't stand the haters who supports the most corrupt politician in american history
@TeamTrump YOU HAVE LOST!!!! GO BACK TO YOUR TOWER BUILT BY UNDOCUMENTED WORKERS WITH MATERIAL MADE IN OTHER COUNTRIES
Are you guys sixty-nining this time? https://youtu.be/Qa1drX8Ity0 
Faux News apparently loves con artists and sexual predators. Anything that promotes their white supremacy.
#StrongerTogether 
http://Hillaryclinton.com 
oreilly did not impress me at all.he was boring by asking Mr. Trump statement like rhetorical questions.
LMAO
Bill O'Reilly announced he is not voting for you.
Killary mente spudoratamente
kind of wish he asked how much of your own money (cash, not loans) will you be spending in final stretch
Question: Is @oreillyfactor  a Swallower or a Gagger?
what will donald trump do without Wikileaks's it seems he depend heavily on Wikileaks's
my whole family loves you donald. U will win
NO ONE CARES!!!!!
interview or mutual fellatio?
Waste of time. O'Reilly's no longer a serious journalist, as can be seen by his dumb/irrelevant questions.
How novel! Why don't you do an interview on MSNBC and really show everyone you have the balls?
wow what a shocker..for the thousandth time..no guts to be interviewed by anyone else
why not give Rachel M an interview? strong smart women scare you!
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/lists/people/comparing-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-truth-o-met/ …
Again?  You never have anything new to say! How boring! Preaching to the choir! #NeverTrump #ImForHer

You go Donald, no more of liberal Megan Kelly!! I joined Twitter just to let Megan know how many of us feel.
Love  you Mr President!!! Vote Trump/Pence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
D'ya think U can keep from lying for that long? I mean - ICE endorsed u? really?as well as ALL the PDs? Really? C'mon Donny. GROW UP already
Finally O'Reilly let you talk (a little) - no one cares about his views - people watch to hear the guests!
Oh, so now the media is working in your favor Mr. Flippity Flopper Man?
Interviewed... just jerking each other off...
Russians in Aleppo and Raqqa disclose records of Hillary's sales of weapons and poison gas to ISIS. Benghazi murder useless
you always get interviewed by him. Not impressed!!!
Again? Does O'Reilly interview anyone but you?
maybe @oreillyfactor can hit you with some hard hitting Dorothy Dixers.
we'll be watching. Your issues are great! You're what #america needs. Stay on issues #draintheswamp 
I'd rather watch you and Biden bum fight!
Ohhhhhhhh, you and Combat Billy, a pair of draft dodgers
Mr. Trump, OReilly is not going to do you any favors, go on Lou Dobbs or Hannity if u do interviews
Get rid of Donald Trump
only YOU are arrogant enough to think that would be enjoyable.
Folks do not trust the Michael Moore Video! His movie is actually Anti-Trump. Michael Moore is a jerk!
Why not Megan Kelly
BORING!!!
