you are doing a good job!!  IN TRUMP we trust
When you met Obama it was a "great honor." Now you say he's "evil." Do you have mood swings or multiple personalities?

I don't think he likes you...
Melania liked Michelle Obama so much she's hiring her as a speechwriter
let's get one thing absolutely crystal clear .... the Obamas DO NOT need yours or your wife's endorsement!
please please PLEASE stop tweeting and take this more seriously. We're afraid.
did Melania ask her what to say next?
We knew that from her speech!
@melatrump Good, thank you. #ThanksObama You could have met them long ago, why not? 
congratulations.i like you
Great chemistry, just like you said you would seek his counsel -- like when he told you NOT TO HIRE FLYNN? https://tinyurl.com/j2whxz3  Yeah, deny/dismiss/distance yourself from reality all you want. The internet is forever.
@fanofthetrump what?  Please. Guess u had 2 do initially but not anymore. Yay!  Praising America haters, tsk, tsk.  NO!
you are always pounding the media. That's why they here you.

please leave
Gross! Please don't fall for his lies!! He's evil President Trump!
Cheater!
That is very cool ur Trump International Hotel in D.C. what great timing that was. You have great instincts— a real builder
The devil himself can appear as an angel of light. Obama is the worst of the worst. Do not be fooled. And he openly hates.
Obama is head of ISIS. He is a snake and Terrorist in Chief. He is the head of the huge snake destroying our country.
#Resist
is this why she. Copied michelle's speech
@Iyyesa Mr President be for real. Stop rhetoric. Tweets and campaign mode
Mrs O?
bet they cant say the same 
Take a lesson from President Obama on how to be Presidential, how to exude class.
Oh please. You know you're lying to the American ppl right now.
Trump is ugly inside and out, and he disrespects women
Well of course she would like Michelle. She plagiarized her speech! Lmao
I am sure. Off to a good start. Night-night it is after 3 am eyes are closing. Love you.
Great chemistry with the founder of ISIS? Or was that just another lie?
DON'T LET HIM GET TO YOU.  HE WANTS TO RUIN YOU.
Did you actually work for your college degree or did Daddy pay for it?
Who would not love Mrs O. She is fantastic
so she's inspired for her next speech now, right?
you are the best
only to your face a snake politics 
ow so now you like them.
great chemistry? You realize POTUS can't stand you, don't you donny? I mean, he really hates you! #deluded
.     Be careful with your appointment of Mit Romney to any post.  He showed his colors.
and why not he was a great president still is a great president
I absolutely adore President Obama and First Lady Michelle
That sleaze blames you for allowing Nuclear Development of North Korea.Who was in Office in 2009,start of N.K.Nuclear devel
they don't like u She's not a First Lady. Far far from it. My words for her aren't appropriate #notAmericasPresident
Not sure if it's Michelle she likes or just her speeches...
she liked her so much that she used her speech .
her name is Michelle Obama. Not Mrs O.  Disrespectful
, ummmmmmm really?
Please do not trust them. We don't!
Mrs O? It's First Lady Mrs. Michelle Obama
of course Melania liked her. She stole her speech.
Yeah. Is that why you've been trashing him for the past 8 years?
Who doesn't like Michelle?
Wonder if the feeling is mutual....
You were SO out of your element, it was clearly obvious to MANY!!
u fake hair dou
You are so gracious and forgiving after Obama's cruel speeches. We see who really takes the "high road".
for me this moment was genuine and heartfelt.  I fell Mr Trump will be okay and bring unity vs division
I touched a Kenyan!
Mrs. O?
surprising, since you've been badmouthing him for many years
Yes they are both phenomenal leaders. Listen and learn.
you have no shame.....to you this is just a game. Very sad....nobody likes you. You're a joke
Have respect. She is the First Lady.
She also liked her speeches a lot too.
I like that you take the high road. We all know she's a cow.
I'd hope so since she stole her speech
Don't believe anything obamations says to you. He is Fake! 
A Wolf in sheep's clothing!
Dump the "fantastic" Learn your job
what's there not to like? We all know how much @MELANIATRUMP liked @MichelleObama speeches!
Melania is a joke compared to FLOTUS
congrats Mr. President!  But I call BS on you liking him or Melania liking the wildebeest...  but I get politics....
Melania should go back to Transylvania
Of course she does,  because she at least can recognize class, even though she has none of her own.
The Obamas have class.  Amazing people who CARE about ALL Americans.  Wish you did...
it's First Lady Michelle Obama
must have been scary for you realizing how little you know and what a joke you are.
She likes her so much, in fact, that she plagiarized her speech
Yea, because She plagiarized Mrs. O's speeches. U stole Reagan and Bush's SLOGAN from 1980. UnOriginal...Orange Puke
hey Donald I'm your biggest happiest deplorable.  Good job and well done carrying our deplorable basket to the White House
Oh I'm so relieved @MELANIATRUMP liked @MichelleObama. Could you use twitter for meaningful communication, Mr. Trump?

Yeah apparently. Why else would she have plagiarized her?
#notmypresident
@BakersLady Why?
Obama has more class in the tip of his little finger than you will in your entire presidency. #pussygrabber #sadhumanbeing
, this is a nice tweet keep them coming and ask for their help. All the time if you can.
Then why did Obama look as though you had just f***** and he couldn't breathe ?!Michelle a great actress!Athithi devobhava

That's good, but the Clintons "ARE NOT GOOD PEOPLE".  Remember your base.  #TRUMP
great like really great truly great like great truly great. Bahabaha
You hated him all these 8 years and you still do. Hypocrit. Karma is a bitch and will get you.
because Michelle is a class act....not you wife or daughter
you have picked some great minds to be leaders. Please remember our vets. Love them like they are my own, as we all should
I thought you hated him?!
both Obamas R IRRELEVANT!!
Those two snakes wouldn't even have the formal photo of you and Melania taken with them. Play with snakes and get bit.
You have so much to learn. However I will be praying you forward for the next two or four years.
praying this Country forward
Donald got a chance to see what a REAL President looks like.
I read these tweets and ask myself, is this a man who appears Presidential or Biff from back to the future. So confused!!
what Melania should b is greatful to Mrs. Obama for writing her speech.
must've been like having a conversation with a parrot
I'm dying to know how depressing a run down WH is I can just imagine huge makeover coming I'd U to stay in NY centre of 
Your wife will be the most beautiful First-Lady (inside and out) in history. So classy. Congratulations on your win, Sir!
Please do not be deceived. Everything that Barry learns will use against you like Chelsy wit Ivanka.

OhGod Donald please! I read yr body language!
what hypocrisy... you harassed him for years.
Melania is a great wiman
#immigrants #presidentTrump #makingamericanotsogreatagain
@_trump_donald جرايم بني سعود باليمن وخرق الهدنه
@_trump_donald هذا حساب ترامب
gag me! They ruined this country!
oh yeah that's the swamp time to flush! 
omg are you going to make America better
I call Bullshit.
so much so he stole her speech haha
i Hope she brought her pen and paper
hello sir
Both the Obamas are fake.They are not patriotic.He should have already told the protesters to accept your victory(ThankGod)
Soros, universities, leftist professors involved. Soros meeting w/Dems/EU to attack you legally. Plz investigate Soros!
did she apologize for plagerising Mrs O's speech
worried about Melania liking Ms O 
Don't trust them
I would have love to be in a Director of Education for N.Y. For free. Because I would minded minor are not allow on protest
don't be fooled by either of the obamas
no chemistry, just an admirably controlled president.  Melania is nothing but a cheap stripper, in awe of the First Lady.
The First Lady is very likable! She's brilliant, beautiful and well educated. Your wife, not so much.
Donald I have seen you grow in the last 36mo-
CONTINUE to do that! The president acts with a high level of self control!
You need to apologize for the birther conspiracy theory you pushed against him.  Disgraceful behavior.
Some, I said, SOME people have dignity and treat other with respect. Will you ever learn?
Oh Pleeasseee. President Trump, I would have loved to have been a fly on the wall. Seriously. Bye Obamas, already
I can't stand the Obamas! As bad as the Clintons! They have raped our country!
Heard she's a big fan of her speeches.
you cant tell us nothing until you give us two things. your tax return and milania's immigration papers.
Congratulations on ur win. I voted H, but fact that you've been magnanimous & graceful so far is good for the American ppl.
well she should, she plagiarized Michelles' speach. Imitation highest form of flattery.
I hope Obama must feel some uneasiness abt his taunt on you
"Atleast Obama will be remembered as President". Trump ll be
did she steal anything else from her (other then a speech?)
@SeanGrenier A very gracious statement from our next President about his meeting with President Obama. Luke 6:27-28

I hope you fail miserably
I'm glad the Coal mining industry has died along with the steel too..lol
we love in Dominican Republic
no one cares dude. stop tweeting and do some work.
those who vote for you want a change.  Don't let Washington and the president change  
Your objectives.
did you ask him about his birth certificate?
You looked defeated, humbled. You looked like you just realize you're in over your head. You just don't have the IQ for it.
Ha. After bashing him on the campaign trail all this while. Goes to show how little people mean what they say.
a petition has been started we the people will take our congress back
Especially her speeches. @realDonaldTrump
we reject the President elect!!!!!
please don't kid yourself.  He has no use for you.
I hope you do well Mr President Elect Trump!
Milipede would like anyone
I still remember your face in the roast by Seth McFarlane mocking you not to be dillustional about being president.
Don't let Obama charm you.Obama's a snake(sorry for insulting snakes).There is no "President" Obama
She likes girls, alright! http://nypost.com/2016/08/01/melania-trumps-girl-on-girl-photos-from-racy-shoot-revealed/ …
http://www.ebay.com/itm/2x-1157-BAY15D-Red-CREE-5630-12SMD-LED-Car-Stop-Tail-Brake-Light-Bulb-Lamp-12V-/162006390259?ssPageName=STRK:MESE:IT …
To Read More
crush the Islamic terrorism, coz no one has guts to say a single word against the oil rich countries
@BarackObama is an amazing man with dignity & class. We are all pretty sure he doesn't like you any more than he did before
