I'll tell you whats up the patriarchy is under sustained attack  and males in the firing line
But lets not throw the baby thats you out with the bathwater thats the patriarchy
youve got to calm down meditate calm down Breath deeply stop sniffling
Its a Darkening of the light time Ching says its needed for organic progress ,let many things pass without being duped
I will say it one more time One with god is a majority so let him or It do it the help of man is vain Understand
It is of great importance to possess humility. Be receptive  and teachable and growth and achievement follow

Slurrrrrrpy speaks!!!

GOD BLESHH ZHHHU UNITESH SHTATESH
Trust the God power to give you strength  power and guidance and ur success is assured. Rest up rest is restorative I say
Coughing is mundane...elderly man suddenly slurring his words is noteworthy
"God bless the United Shtesh." What's up?
stroke, dementia, brain tumor is why yr speech is slurred.  U r going down.  Hurry up.
Those who live in glass white houses shouldn’t have been casting stones about mental health issues on public display before djt’s slurred speech, limited vocab & attention span. #impeach45 #dotard
Please die soon. You are draining this country of its future.
What about your denture fiasco?
they covered it! Maybe you were too busy cementing your choppers in!
They have to find somethinf daily to torment you.  I'm glad you're strong. May God bless you and your family. You are wonderful!!!
Don, you have major problems that you are still dwelling on Hilary.  Please move on for the sake of our country!
Don, You have some major problems that you are still dwelling on Hilary, please move on for the sake of our country!!
Jill Stein and Hilary are Lovers!
its time for you to leave Immigration alone and move on...
You will win if u dont panic ur being set up by the opposition to steal the vote count...calm things down by being confidnt
The great ones of the  earth are humble and honest and motivations are good
Before honour is humility Put on therefore humbleness of mind
Donald the I Ching says for you just now 4th line Preponderance of the Great.
, They are also  not talking about your illegal  pay for play donation and IRS penalty you had to pay .
@HillaryClinton @CNN vote Trump America!
Don Look u have 3 weeks for ur Brexit moment please rest meditate eat well fresh fruit vegetables lots of spring water
where you going after the elections? #peacockbassfishing with AmazonXtremeFishing
You are a liar :about everything", that's what's up!
what's up is that I asked my husband if I was going to listen to 1 1/2 hrs of sniffing.  It did stop, but you were sniffing
#debatenight because it's rude to sniff and snort continuously,use a tissue and/or stop snorting Coke !
getting right to the big issues...nasal congestion. 
Mr. Sniffy.
The Mass News Media favors Hillary. No matter how many crimes she has done in the US and abroad.
.@realDonaldTrump You really ought to do something about that Donald. Can't have a man on drugs in the WH. I have heard ppl say U r on drugs
What's this I hear everyone talking about that you have AIDS. I mean it's all over, they are all talking about it.
you lying pos- you sniffed all night long- druggie.
Your nuts
YOU.
Limp getting out of SUV, excessive H20, broken blood vessel & dilated pupil left eye. Gout?Diabetes?HighBloodPressure???
Donald , don't dodge this , you inhale through your nose to loudly , open your mouth when you inhale ... good grief
Lay off the cocaine!
I love it when con acting like bullies calls his mommu for help.Donald U R a butthead, period.
.. HRC didnt LIE about her coughing. All u have to do is tell the truth ONCE; its a quick resolve.  U lie about the obvious
. So, you don't deny you were sniffling?  Low energy?  Low stamina?  Vitamin C will help. Its apparent HRC is the smarter 1
the news media protects Clinton and her fake cough is an escape to avoid answering

If you will make such a great president, stop talking about Hillary and focus on YOU!
MSNBC is such BS . Hilary not well enough for the job.! Jury's out.!!#whatsyourgripe
@co_rapunzel4 @realDonaldTrump  on Oct 13 Trump's plane lands in Moscow fleeing the USA.  Rape trial next day. Just sayin---
sure yeah!
not at all
, HRC needs to come clean and disclose neurological history..does she have PD Levodopa induced dyskinesia?
hey your #RAPETrial is coming up!!!! #JailTime?
Team @Cernovich  was responsible  for this.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
is this more important than the docs you have yet to release? be fair and do you part. the game is childish and boring
they will never ever cover the fart left progressive. Media is corrupt & r responsible for the downfall of America.
Now every body and news are talking about Hilary, and Hilary is everywhere. You must be worry!
she has pneumonia Hillary
Its important that voters know about the health of candidates. Isn't it time you got a real doctor to examine you?
@andycavster YOu Know Hes ON trial For rape of a 13 Year Old
Ohh a cough! Hurry! Turn on the lights! Power up the printing presses! Call the reporters! Wake up the editors! A cough!
maybe she's an alien, anti-rejection drugs no longer working. #HillaryHealth
Remember when #Hillary health problems were a "right wing conspiracy theory"? What else they're calling a RWCT is true?
.@realDonaldTrump In hindsight, this tweet is disgraceful.Without hindsight, this tweet is still disgraceful. @HillaryClinton #Election2016
She went to the memorial despite the fact that she had walking pneumonia. Good for her.
Hillary has pneumonia.  Her dr. Is honest. Not like joker Bornstein.  What r u hiding? Release ur taxes too!
she has pneumonia you twit
she couldn't bear the thousands of souls that died because of her. Karma
@donlon_bill Parkinson's disease-coughing choking-head bobbing-eyes bugged & rolling-collapsing-should drop out-soon dead
Sounds like chronic bronchitis. ???
shut up
Soros thinks she'll be a good little puppet!
тнaт pнony lyιng тнeιғ ιn тнe nιgнт ιѕ cнoĸιng on нer own вυllѕнιт...
because these are scandals, smears, rumors, speculations out of nothing, can you be a little smarter! Weak Trump need boast
She is Sick.....should not be allowed to run.

@hopdog777 Its. Over. Your our POTUS or we are screwed
Because there were nothing in the story except your delusional thoughts! Empty! Nothingness!In Trump head, big dark hole!
The media is deceitful and we don't trust them anymore than we trust HER.
No one cares about anyones cough but we do care about allegations of FRAUD at Trump U.
did they cover your Bobby pins?
your job (mission impossible)is getting Republicans to do the Same.Thousands attend rallies explain this so they will vote.
they only talk about you and all the poll numbers that show Hillary ahead.Democrats vote as a block no matter what protect.
her fake cough is convenient in case she gets asked a hard question or needs to bow out HillExit plan = fake ass cough
@trumpflorida16 you're doing so many great things, who needs to waste time on her
Hackery is trying to drum up sympathy because you are cranking up the heat.
Hackery is trying to drum-up sympathy because you are cranking up the heat. DON'T STOP!
every time I get a coughing jag. I drink from this cup.

She's allergic to you, Drumpf!
Coughing,and needing her Doctor by her side should be questioned by the media.
Because it's Nat'l media and they fear her. And they're stupid.
Go Cougars. Oh wait, they already whooped the Sooners. Whooped 'em like Hillary whooping DonTheCon. LOL
Because twitter like FB is social media..not serious.  Any fool...note U R on here can say anything while knowing nothing!!
corrupted favored media candidate at its finest!
they never covered how fat and out of shape you are poor Melania she has to lay under that
NYC is with you!!! #TrumpTrain snapped today!!!
@DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @KTHopkins  Millions turning off MSM - Drudge & Breitbart are best

do you think you are running for CLASS CLOWN OR CLASS PRESIDENT because you are Unfit to lead our NATION
Release your taxes
Covering up lies and illnesses. What's left. Excessive coughing should be investigated. It's a symptom of other illnesses.
That haven't covered your RICO charges, either.
SHE HAS BEEN DOING THIS COUGHING FOR SEVERAL YEARS I HAVE HEARED THEY BOTH HAVE AIDS WHICH ISSUE IS A LUNG AT LATE STAGES
People are also very curious about 0:22  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ojeiby_l7E … #youtube #HillaryHealth #WhatIsThat ?
The main stream media is a joke.
Because it's messy when you start coughing and hacking and then you have to use the bathroom so it's a touchy thing!
like father like son...running to conspiracies websites. small han ds too?
hearing your name brings on cough
- it was a cough, you P.O.S.
TAX RETURN PLEASE. Release them and I'll vote for you and I'll get your haircut
Maybe you should worry more about YOUR medical records!!
What is with the unhealthy look of you toasted orange skin? You looked like a roasted worm last night.
that the media is not as pathetic as you are. Making up stories to discredit Hillary like an 8th grader 
, my friend's mom has Parkinson. Hillary has it. Same reactions. https://youtu.be/Zr1IDQ2V1eM 
it's about Comcast, Disney/Iger, Moonvez/CBS, Goldman Sachs et at
every time she thinks of you she has a allergic reaction. She must be thinking of you a lot!
how bout that ear piece she wore during forum? Wiki leaked memo shows huma asked in 09 is hill remb her ear piece!!
it doesn't matter. She has a cold-real important #notrump #hillary
They also have never covered your rape charges.
@veganvecoh 
We got your back & we spread everything we see!
the MSM has always protected the Clintons and always will but the gig is up on them all
just saw where crooked had her handlers in her ear last night to help her keep her lies sorted out!
Insist she go to unbiased Dr for exchange of tax return on cameras
THE 'MSM' covered the TRUTH and now "HONEST HILLARY and her KLAN" are upset?  Why? They only want LIES COVERED!  YES!
they should cover your freakishly tiny hands and your tiny dick.  Melania must be in need of a real man!
the media doesn't actually run things we run things we the people now drop out of the race and never speak again
sup
.... Did you notice that staff and her VP mate provided her with PILLS kept in their pockets.....Leva Dopa perhaps???

Have you never had allergies? Release your taxes CONald Drumpf

nice pun :-D
.@realDonaldTrump why are you worrying about @HillaryClinton and her coughing attack when you look like a walking melanoma? ?
It's a corrupt Media
Fox and CNN is bringing up the birther issue.  Hilary has nothing to talk about
@ThePushReport   foul fetid feral face of hacking hocking coughing green slime into america's face
MSM LIES to public by HIDING facts in order to push Lib/Leftist/Progressive/Democrat narratives and/or agenda!
Perhaps you could explain Dr. Trump
media should start reporting on all you scams and your fake health report!
I got the the cure for allergic reactions, ear pieces
Have you ever coughed, Don? Did the media cover it? That's what I thought, Don. Move along.
@stringfellowfr4 it's #PEPE!
gossip is not news. Oh wait,you get your news from Fox "News"
Know what else is trending? "How well do you remember Phoebe's lines from Friends".  Doesn't need to be factual to trend.
@loganSharris Quern Hillary demanded the media to not talk about coughing attack!
It is in alliance with her.

Not sure,maybe your own crackpot "Doctor" could diagnose?He sure seems like a smart,together guy. #NeverTrump #ImWithHer
Really DONALD!!! What is wrong with you? Worrying about coverage of her cough? Come on Man....
Hillary could not get back in her chair last night with Lauer. Too weak
they should keep attention on you hiding your taxes and not knowing what is happening around the world check out Stewart
-Mr.Trump please step down don't go any further for your bid to run for President you are out of your area of expertise.
@SteeleAndUngar said that most supporters for Johnson are from Hillary, you should encourage the debates, get him to debate
there are lots of trump signs around here! Expand your african american outreach to Philly and Pittsburgh areas & take PA.
other countries used to respect USA. Stand up for your country and become a racist?
It's called allergies Donnie, some people sneeze, some people cough, doesn't make her weak, makes her human!
@WyattEarp2 #hillarysearpiece
Because it's not real news.
@WyattEarp2 And how bout the earpiece feeding her info at town hall?
does anyone remember Aretha Franklins song=whose zoomin' who? Well that should be Hilaries song for sure%%
Power of the people is what's up. It will be covered.
Woof! Woof! Hillary exposes her own lies.
yeah, how 'bout that? smh
MSM Is an arm of the Dems
Look at retweets&likes on this post! Do you suppose that America wants to know what's up with your health @HillaryClinton?
Most of the media is as morally incompetent as Clinton is. just more #democratsindenial
Main stream media is $$$ payola yes?
Her mouth is moving right now, I can't take it, gotta turn her off. All she does is lie to the people. She's afraid of you.
https://youtu.be/DqyKMEpGJlw 
