Just do your job old man.
Ummm, what"proof" do you have Donald? Fear mongering will get us all killed!
crooked #CNN  are talking lies and being crybabies again #shameonthem

Bro,  you are president elect,  what r you doing here?  ASKING FOR A FRIEND !!!
your job is to take briefings. Do your job!
si qué pruebas tienes de que no hicistes fraude  @AnonimusWeso
that means you @jaketapper
How Presidential.
Donald! Put your phone away. Remember, everyone's watching you embarrass yourself.
Never mind MAGA - more like making America a laughingstock with his baby tantrums!
what Proof do you have that small hands Donald Trump did suffer from Fraud. #jokesonyou
What proof do you have that you are not a snake oil salesman of very low intelligence?
hey Dan get to ur #spiritCooking party, u pedophile marxist. #PizzaGate
hahahaha do people really believe in spirit cooking? Hilarious!
Yes they do. Just google it and see these marxist leftist go to their parties..
it's just an artist having her pals over. Not some crazy witchcraft nonsense :)
Stop. You're embarrassing your children. They just want to stay in the will.
what PROOF do you have that your father is not an orange orangutan?
do you have proof? Get real and do your job! Stop tweeting start being a diplomat
CNN ur awful #AbolishWHPC #NeverRomney
Where's your evidence of illegal voting?
The first mistake is to assume that they are journalists instead of propagandists.
well looks like a recount/audit is the way to "prove" it.
fraud this election has been investigated the only frauds tried to vote  twice for you
You won less Electoral votes than Reagan, GHW Bush, Clinton and Obama. Only GW Bush won with less Electoral votes than you!
but apparently not by enuf as he is twhining about it for days now
no, HRC didn't request recount & her team said no evidence of fraud-i suspect lawyerly due diligence
How about the NYT survey of boards of election showing virtually no voter fraud.
How about PEOTUS stop spreading b.s. claims about voter fraud?
I am willing to unite behind a president, not a con artist. Cabinet picks atrocious.
fake. He lost the popular vote
WOWZERS... every reporter is getting called out now!!!!
What proof do you have for YOUR assertion, Trump?
what proof do you have that your great grandfather wasn't an orangutan?
.@realDonaldTrump @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN that is like saying"What proof do you have that Trump didn't kill 600 people last year?"
oh... okay
you made the initial claim. burden of proof is on you. jesus christ.
why can't this idiot stay away from Twitter? Act like a president, damn. Sore winner
If you were confident in your win you wouldn't have to defend it.
Tommy I can tell your mother was a dominant Democrat
@protesting2016 @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN You want us to prove a negative? Really Don? Bassackwards!
#get over it
Hard at work and just getting started! #MAGA
Where is this photo from?
It's from  @KellyannePolls twitter timeline (Today)
Thanks!
@TeachSlate fallacy much?
Yup. Argumentum Ad Ignorantium.
you know he doesn't know what this means, right?
Yup, but I figure he reads tweets from random people and believes them so figured I'd try.
if it didn't seem so calculated Id think maybe he has a few drinks, opens twtr and goes 2 town
Apparently you're STILL mad that you lost the popular vote. Hence the (phony) need for compiling citizens private info. NO!

#News: VA University study suggests 2.8 million illegals may have voted in US Elections https://www.scribd.com/document/332480549/Do-Non-Citizens-Vote-in-US-Elections-Richman-Research-Study …
@KellyannePolls #OhioState 
@DeplorableET @realDonaldTrump @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN @Maximus_Paulus @KellyannePolls and she STILL lost 
He won like Russian athletes won in London #Cheating
whatever helps you sleep at night hun
"There's a sucker born every minute" 
Words #DonTheCon counts on...
do you ever tweet baby girl or just retweet others ideas?
Yeah. CA is quite a liberal mess... 
https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-06-06/california-makes-america-s-economy-great …
Mainstream media is too corrupt. @realDonaldTrump please bring back an updated version of the fairness doctrine. @HighonHillcrest  @CNN
A bit close to censorship. Everyone vote with your wallet and avoid what they sell.
fairness doctrine has never been considered censorship. I'm in the broadcast industry it's needed. @RevSpaminator  @CNN
It is censorship. Both sides? Who said there was just 2?
No one said there were just 2 sides u have to have at least 2 sides of a story. Go read fairness doctrine @jglapski @RevSpaminator
Read it, sounds like govt mandating speech for a license. And yes, I am a liberal.
not only am I liberal I'm progressive which is better and I've been in radio & TV for 35 years. @RevSpaminator @jglapski
radio & TV listeners got screwed when they took away the fairness doctrine. I'll block u if u argue. @RevSpaminator @jglapski
You made an unfounded claim. You have the burden of proof.
here ya go:  http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&cd=6&ved=0ahUKEwjnu-7_js3QAhUD4CYKHeFGCy0QtwIIKjAF&url=https%3A%2F%2Fm.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DwrqZvzGZuCo&usg=AFQjCNGOUG7uvNLlPbOV876oVQXx5qoWpw&sig2=vaCrJGLH6i7Eol4sKOPSLg …
Alex Jones is a conspiracy theorist. Not a reliable source...try again?
LMFAO!!! THEN THEY CITE ALEX JONES!!! I JUST CANT ANYMORE!!!!!!!! 
That was about Bev Harris, a liberal democrat vote/election expert. Reject what you will.

Trump won.

millions of ileagle alien votes
The burden of proof is on you! You are the one who made it up.
ROFLMAO! The fact that he DOTH PROTEST TOO MUCH! And that he did not receive a mandate!!
The burden of proof is on the person making a claim, not the person saying the claim is unsupported.  @HighonHillcrest
i think jill is making the claim now
Stein is making a claim of statistical anomalies in 3 states. Trump is making claim of 3 mil illegal votes. Two different things.
you believe that is what she is doing?
What do *you* think she is doing?

The truth about... http://theduran.com/the-truth-about-jill-steins-voter-recount-push-hint-its-all-about-making-trumps-win-illegitimate/ …
No recount delegitimizes the election results more than Trump's unsubstantiated claims of millions of illegal votes.
why those three states? why not ny and cali
that's like saying if some1 is on murder charges prosecution shouldn't have prove he did it...
What proof do you have that you are not a lizard person?
so he have the evidence but doesnt give them? Wtf america, who did you pick
SUCKS!  !  ! ! ! ! ! ! ! . . . . Saludos!
Trump do YOUR job. Prepare 4 presidency & stop being a whining little #orangefacedfreak
WELL... how about EVERY tabulation from EVERY vote-count proving Crooked Donald a liar?
I saw voter fraud on the web.They push TRUMP-PENCE & it lit up the CLINTON-CAIN panel.
Delete Your Account.
what proof do you have that he did suffer? The burden of proof lies on you to prove it actually occurred.
.@realDonaldTrump @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN Why, if it would so definitely swing in your favour, are you so against a recount?
Where is your proof DonaldTrump doesn't boil orphans alive to make himself stew?
what PROOF do YOU have, that you DID? Let's put facts on table b4 making comments. Still don't regret voting 4 U tho. #MAGA
you were quoted in an article by @mashable
#FakeNews and @FrankLuntz "Hillary Will Win". Trust @SmythRadio @PrisonPlanet @wikileaks
You're a laugh riot.
or maybe just accept the fact that millions of people think you're incompetent, and u are
.@realDonaldTrump what PROOF do YOU have that Trump DID suffer from MILLIONS of fraud votes? Is it next to #ObamaBirthProof @CNN @jeffzeleny
Putin told him in his security briefing
there was massive fraud w/noncitizens voting.
@Brennanator 
Actually, t/burden of proof falls upon t/one making the accusations. No defense burden until U have evidence
PLEASE BEGIN IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS NOW! THIS MAN IS UNSTABLE, UNWELL, UNFIT.
how ignorant! just investigate any/everything that Trump says, no matter how outlandish?
CNN no longer reports the facts.They are not news reporters they are actors
EXACTLY!! Popularity IS the REAL FRAUD here!! Prove that numbers exist, SLACKERS!#LUVKING
Mr pres to be. Why don't you start preparing to do YOUR job, instead of your pre-k rants
What kind of stupid is this?? It's up to you to prove fraud occurred! Smh.
If you have indeed "suffered", why call you president elect ? Afraid of recount?
Prove a negative, that'lol show em'
they aren't required to prove a negative. Try learning logic.
1. Do your job. 2. Please, don't do your job.
what PROOF do you have that you didn't benefit from the millions of fraudulent votes you know so much about?

I don't think you understand the concept of "Burden of Proof"
BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU ASK FOR
Sooo, he's supposed to provide evidence of something that didn't happen? Low-info voter.
Constitution grants presumption on innocence. You think someone's guilty, you gotta prove it.
fuck me, we are led by a moron.
Haha..my God I will enjoy the idiocy of your next 4 years. All hail the Idiot in Chief!
@Reince How embarrassing! A President Elect who Tweets! Like Real Housewives! Or soccer moms arguing! Degrades POTUS!
He won!! Usually frauded people lose.  See how that works ?
Conversily what evidence do u @realDonaldTrump have that u didn't win the Electoral college by fraud?
Any idiot who wants proof just need to do a simple Internet search. Fraud galore in news.
delusional.
burden of proof falls to the one making the allegation. Do you even America bro?
That's not the way it works. lol. You make the claim you bring the proof.
please no Romney. He disrespected you. Thank you for getting our country back.

On the other hand there's not one shred of evidence that he suffered from fraud votes. President-elect? Do your job!
The only way to prove is do total recount - or even better - total redo!
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/28/upshot/serious-voter-fraud-um-no.html?smprod=nytcore-iphone&smid=nytcore-iphone-share …
Americans do not whine,we are strong and resilient not whiners like you.
cnn is still one side they never text hillary
same proof that PEOTUS has of a million illegal votes. PEOTUS DISGRACE
just made up facts. It's on HIM to have some evidence before he make such a claim! @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN
lol, just more irrelevance by the haters and trolls.  No proof fraud didn't happen.
How about you just get the fuck off twitter if you want to be president?
then why are you crying about the recount. You should demand it.
Wait, what? Proof it DIDN'T happen? How about reality??? Deranged, you nut job!
do your job, stay off twitter, quit bringing on losers, quit playing Let's Make a Deal.
The proof? Start with you being the lord of Orange who has made a life of lying.
Really Donald ...what proof do you have have that you suffered from millions of FRAUD votes?
What proof do you have that you were? Bad PEOTUS.
.@realDonaldTrump What proof do you have that monkeys didn't just fly out of my butt, like theories come out of yours?
year then maybe when we find out Russians helped you win we can get a real president
That's not how the burden of proof works. Prove that you didn't kick 25 chickens in 1975.
You do understand the burden of proof lies with the person making the outrageous claim? @jeffzeleny @CNN
i don't watch CNN just One America News! Family operated!
what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump wasn't voted in by Pukin? what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump doesn't fraud his taxes?
All the polls agree that you are a minority president
You don't make claims for media to "disprove". You make a claim, YOU provide evidence.
The person making the accusation has to supply the proof. That's how this works.
. Mia Love, representative from Utah. Secretary of state???????
What proof do you have that Trump did "suffer from millions of FRAUD VOTES"???
Right, so a recount makes sense. We're in agreement!
Suggest Mr Trump LOSE his twitter access in addition to LOSING popular vote
Mr. President Donald J. Trump.  You're my super hero.God bless you. #MAGA #draintheswamp
everyone is. It's called a recount!
CO Sec of State reviewd recnt votes+found dozns of votes by ilegls+dead;studyCA;chalngeVA
Trump got his feelings hurt. boo hoo
where is your proof?  Oh that's right you have none
Loser's
why does Donald Trump always talk about himself in the second person? Does he think he's royalty?
PLEASE show proof and TAXES
love how you're telling them to do their job, when you have no clue how to do yours.
Not a snowball's chance in hell of u becoming one bit presidential. Shame on u! @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN
Do your job!
They are doing their "job": promoting 'Fake News' to fit their narrative
Sore Winner ? Is there such a thing?
Or, does not suffer from . . . .
where's these millions of fraud votes? Are you serious old man? Quit spreading your lies.
What proof is there that he did? #liarliarpantsonfire #impeachmenteligibilityday
The plaintiff has the burden of proof. You should know that by now!
Yeah, who needs evidence or cares about the truth anyway!?
Why try to prove something didn't happen especially when djt refuses to provide proof that it even did?
what PROOF do you have that there are millions of FRAUD votes? Pres-Elect? Lean your job!@HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN
What proof do you have that you did? Supply the proof, but oh, there is none. So shut up.
CNN is the most Corrupt Biased News Media in News! Switch to Foxs News for Unbiased News!
ok Adolph Trump.
what proof do you have that there were fraud votes? What proof do you have of any of your bullshit?
Post-logic America?@realDonaldTrump you must first offer proof of fraud, before one can judge its merits.
and where's the PROOF that you did? Unfortunately for you the word of a crazy man isn't enough
what PROOF do you have you're not an orange! You're an orange!
since when is the onus on anyone to prove the absence of fraud?
ummm do YOUR job! #Trumpisamoron
When YOU make a claim YOU have to support it with facts. What every schoolchildren knows @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN
We must abort your hatred toward innocents and we must excerxise our rights against you.
Trump suffers from the fear of having his pussy grabbed.
You can't prove a negative. The burden of proof is on YOU.
what proof do you have you did. President Elect do YOUR job
DO YOUR JOB AND STOP TWEETING CRAP! Don't you have more important things to worry about like climate change? Oh wait.....
I'm fully behind you, voter fraud is a very serious matter! Therefore, recount now!
what proof do you have that he didn't win from voter fraud?
That's how you think it works? You make claims & the media's job is to prove it not true? Ok, @realDonaldTrump is a hampster. Prove it false
DO YOUR JOB DJ!! Oh wait you don't know how!!
Man .. Do YOUR job and start behaving like a President and not like a petulant 6 year-old
has anyone ever told you, you're a yuuuuuge sucky baby!?!
What PROOF do you have that Unicorns did NOT fly out @realDonaldTrump 's ass? So There!
Trump is our amazing President!!!
Do you find these tweets productive or inspiring? Amazing Presidents unite ppl.
We all KNOW there was a ton of fraud AGAINST Mr. Trump like illegals, dead, doubles and..
since you claim election fraud was HUGE, are you suggesting an election do over? @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN
Ignoramus. It is impossible to prove a negative. Logic 101. Anyway, you made the allegations. Proof is your responsibility.
u r nuts we need a law that candidates pass mental health screening! u flunk!
thanks for doing your job Jeff.  Keep up the good work.
Voter ID and scrutinization of counting software would end all doubts and cheating.
PLZ INTERVIEW DR GORKA FOR POSITION ON EXTREME VETTING OF RADICAL ISLAM
what actual legitimate PROOF do you have that Trump did suffer voter fraud???
Agreed.
Because he didn't buy millions of votes for Hillary like he did for himself.
What proof do you have that you wee the victim of voting fraud?  Uh...NONE !!!
@KellyannePolls OMfuckingGod If u luv #America #BakerAct this #loon! #Meds r #not #Enough
Maybe u should start doing your job and quit acting out in public like a spoiled toddler
No WEAPON formed against TRUMP shall PROSPER!! Trump my President
DO YOUR JOB TRUMP
