
You forgot his favorite.


a man that loves his daughter is the best dirt you can come up with,Trumps got this
His words: Read & look & THINK! #Pedophiles for friends!
those of us who have lost our dad would give a million for these times again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWxkauh6lyA … Do U need actual video of him raping or molesting to wake up?

why?? So the msm can pick out stupid thing to sensationalize? @realDonaldTrump I don't need to see your taxes!
Yes!  That's why candidates release them!  Vetting!
no law mandates the release of candidates taxes.
They all did it!  It's called being open to the Voters!   Trump has too much to hide! Owes Russian,Saudis
you don't have to vote for him! I am still voting @realDonaldTrumpHillaryClinton is a corrupt crook
Shame on you!!  He is lying, fraud racist!
these letters being received in Miami signed by @POTUS @TeamTrump
@Harlan @brithume is this legal ? Obama sending out letters to illegals in Miami to pre voting paper ballots
can he do this we didn't vote on this
Was their early voting in FL already I know their was in NC but never heard anything in FL.
I heard they have been sent their ballots already in FL
I don't know how to stop journalist don't take anything Seriously @GOP @Reince
We always love your southeast Florida Rallies with Trumpettes and Citizens for Trump
please please win the presidency. Please stand up for me.
another great day the hand of God is moving in your favor
keep focusing on the Middle East as the threat to our  Nation. Not the Moslems. Israel will be a mayor player in your elec.
Great!  Safe travel!
Mr. Trump, will you apologize to Mexico when you lose in November?
Did you know that the protester that railed against Trump for saying that just got arrested for ...rape?
will be the next POTUS!


his sacrifice to our country. http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trumps-ex-wife-once-said-he-kept-a-book-of-hitlers-speeches-by-his-bed-2015-8 …

 
we r ptaying

   Trump!!!
#DEFACATEonlevelltrump
You are Triumphant and appreciated!
see you tomorrow at memorial stadium
you never attended a single 9-11 funeral or memorial until you were trying to be president bro

you got the momentum and you are going to win
RT if you love America ! One RT is an actual vote. One like is a THUMBZ up! RT
Unlike you.

- they should deport these people too

http://www.nytimes.com/video/us/politics/100000004533191/unfiltered-voices-from-donald-trumps-crowds.html …
@nytimes no, we only deport illegals, we have laws
threatening violence HRC?  Are you sure you are American, not terrorist?  Have contacted @SecretService about threat.
Great day today. Safe travels! #TrumpPence2016 #MAGA #AmericaFirst! #veterans
Bring your tax return.
saw your true colors today with birther news conference. Weak man without the courage to take questions! tough guy? Hardly!
Is that all you can say after lying about our President for 8 years? You are a traitor. You will always be.
awesome Orlando, how was it?
U got a high five! Awesome
Thank God People Are Seeing Hillary For The Lier That She Is...
*Liar* not *lier* this is why Lord Cheeto loves the uneducated.
I have MS n Biochem Engineering! I have more  knowledge in my pinky than u do n ur entiar body
*entire* not entiar. Guess that degree of yours is from Trump University.
You are fantastic! Keep strong, the Nation is behind you!
The popular crowd hahaha
We don't vote for someone who supports violence and shames women like you.

Can't stop watching this. Looks like he's petting his sheep dog.

got read this http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trumps-ex-wife-once-said-he-kept-a-book-of-hitlers-speeches-by-his-bed-2015-8 …
Hillary is better
shut up
Go Trump!!!
Where's his
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
#CROOKEDDON?
and you are fantastic! ty for all you do, DJT!
#Trump for #president
So Many Secrets!!
#WhyDictatorDonMustNeverBePresident

I prefer the "greedy" over the Pariah
@TruthFeedNews

OMG she looks terrified, get this unholy orange monster away from me
You're worried about Oklahoma?
No, can't he go to be with his supporters?
And Houston. Very odd.
Did you literally not see what I JUST said
You would think that he wouldn't need to worry about Oklahoma and Texas. Something must be going on.
He's not worried, he's going to show his supporters he cares about them. He doesn't need to be there
Taxes!!
mark cuban is so hot next to troll trump who is UGLY
Trump lied to disparage POTUS.Called for assassination of opponent 4 2nd time today. #DisgustingFraud
Hillary lies to disparage POTUS as well. Is she also evil? Be honest!
She never birthered. Lie by Trump. You just swallowed it. It's been fact checked, repeatedly.
She is a perfect politician.
LEAVE THE LIES SHOW THE TAX RETURNS
BET THEY LOVE YOU THERE NOW MR ILLEGAL BUSINESS DEALING WITH COMMUNIST CUBA.
is Hilary closing Gitmo?
Donald Trump Is Unelectable
.@JacksonLeeTX18: "We will not elect a chief bigot of the United States of America." 

You are working so hard for every vote. Thank you for this great sacrifice.

um, lies lies lies
I hope the Black community unites against you and send you straight to hell. We dn't need a 'Commander-n-Bigot'. #Trump
fly south. As far south as you can go please. Don't come back
Hey DUMPY did you hear what Mitt Romney said about you! hahahah, he lackeys better tell your boss he's too busy lying.
https://www.crowdpac.com/campaigns/74424/mr-trump-we-challenge-you-release-your-tax-returns-and-well-donate-to-these-veterans-organizations …
your son is creepy and also a racist .Gee Thanks
Why mention Cuba or Venezuela?  Can you point them out on a map?
KILLARY is on the attack! Stand TALL & don't react! It's a trap! The calmer YOU are, the MORE unglued she gets!!WIN!
Watch out for dead escorts & burning crosses in all those places. Btw,you're going to get creamed in Nov. #ThatsWhatSheSaid
Take good care of yourself!!!
Zip
Texas doesn't want you there. @dallasnews http://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/editorials/20160907-we-recommend-hillary-clinton-for-president.ece …
It's not hard to believe! We need a President that loves America & can lead!!! 1st!!!
Good night USA! GOD watch over and protect us!!! Eyes burning! To much today! Still laughing at Trump's press meeting! Oh boy!!! GOD help us
comment about Hillary's bodyguards disarming went outside bounds of decency.
stay out of Colorado, we don't want you here!
If you're thinking of voting for this guy, please Google "Trump 9/11 boast." It's real, and it's sickening. Traitorous.
I exposed 7 voters to your message this week. All have now vowed to vote Trump on Nov. 8 We are behind you! Thank you
Never heard more truth about you than CBC today. FRaud on USA. Ryan says show your taxes. Audit my ASS. They show u for con
Great speech! 
don't confuse my Patriotism with being a #racist #truth
Wtf did u do now Donald!!! Learn to keep your mouth shut stay focused keep out of democratic rhetoric! This birther crap!
Boy the Haitian people need help-Where is there $$$
Release your taxes, or do you think we're all too stupid?
Thank you so much for your hardest work ever done by any presidential candidate .
Just got our tickets to see you in Keenansville NC Sept. 20 Thank you for caring about the small towns in America too
great speech!
#MiamiCubansWithTrump
50 days left and you are still courting Oklahoma and Texas?  How about Idaho or South Dakota next? They miss you.
[]_[]
where is Trumps wife she doesn't believe in him she hasn't been in any of the campaign rally's since she stole FLOTUS spech
.@realDonaldTrump @HuffPostPol @CNNPolitics Looking forward to more great crowds. My people love me.
Hateful man. Take your money and go somewhere else to live. America isn't for you.
, Have a safe trip to Texas and Colorado. America votes Mr. Donald J Trump for President. It's time to unite once again.
you paid yourself when you rented the room to give that pathetic pathetic statement...pay up the $5 million to charity
COWARD-release tax returns, apologize to Rev Timmons, #POTUS, Khans, Disabled, Women, stop lying about origin of birtherism
May your fligjt be turbulent.


I see you're still trying to get one of your deplorables to assassinate Hillary. Men with tiny penises act like you do
you're the GOP nominee and you're campaigning in Texas and Oklahoma. What the fuck.
GOD BLESS OBAMA.  One of the BEST PRESIDENTS Ever.
How do even sleep at night?Oh, that's right.No conscience.
keep going! Run Hillary into her bed!
Houston for Ted Cruz.Believe me!
U taking @mcuban up on his offer Donny? That'd be a lot of money 4 a worthy cause. #Fraud #Trump
don't forget your Audit letter bring it with you
Hope you got bit by a #Deplorable mosquito

The orange guy leading the cross burning wasn't so good though. Deplorable.
4 the debates. Calm head, steady hand, stick 2 policy & NO MUD!! Beat her by not playing her game
don't loose heart kick ass and take names bro
Running circles around Hillary
How do you know? You thought you were in Ohio.
Thanks 4 all the hard work Donald. (REMEMBER, small gov - individual freedom). CONSTITUTION! - #MAGA
idaho?
please leave the country

no it was not. .your getting your azz kicked in the media. ..LMAOOO!
HILLARY IS THE BEST CHOICE #HillaryAllTheWay! #MadamPresident! #IAmWithHer!
And you're obese!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiYBrZhMdkM …

Give it up. You're a bigot. People SEE you. They know who you are. Shameful!
the Republican nominee campaigning in Texas and Oklahoma? Why? Let alone it's September.
We need to start impeachment proceedings against you now.
I was there. Crowd was electric!
Cause you are!!!
I second that Jeff!
GO TRUMP GO!!!
From here on, birther is over, no more, no one from this campagn talk about it, back on our message and movement, ignore.
STAMANA......deplorable not
my hispanic teacher is being mean to me
Disarm Trumps's detail and see if he lives until sundown. He's quickly becoming one of the most hated people in the nation!
thanks for doing Miami a favor 
get it Workhorse get it
so when are you hitting the Dakota's dude!
Seth Meyers investigates your foundation in Late Night show but not Clinton's because he will die if he does so #LyinTed
Democrats, please remember to vote November 9
How much has campaign paid you for travel? Have to make money. Should study instead of rallies. Read Constitution.

Just get some rest before the debate. Hillary will have had plenty.
vbiejo verde, eres tronco de hijo de puta...te lo digo en buen cubano
you've been working very hard and deserve all the support you can get! MAGA!
You said tax returns are being audited so won't release returns. Why can't you release your audit notice?  Doesn't exist?

The brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than Donald Trump. 
you are like a drunk uncle at Christmas; everyone is embarrassed  for you but can't stop watching.
Trump's biggest problem is he never grew up:
Did you stop at all the fast food restaurants first? #ObeseTrump #DeplorableDirtbagTrump
Go trump 
The south gonna go trump 
Florida is huge

Illary hates guns n wants to confiscate them
I am deplorable and lovin it!!
get ready to lose
The lies are really stacking up. What are you gonna retract tomorrow, and can you retract 1 lie w/o telling 2 more?
no thanks
please leave my city
#deplorable
welcome to Houston this weekend; if you have a chance come down to Brazoria, Tx and visit the town of Brazoria. Vote Trump
"really smart guy, ok" lacks vocabulary.  Unquantifiable words: 'fantastic, great, believe me, sad so sad'? Presidential? NO
You should campaign in Iran. Go ahead. And never leave. Do us a favor and stay there you  CROOK!!!!!!!!!!
Donald, you have to bring your product manufacturing back to the USA to show you mean business!!
enjoy ur night. U deserve a toast after the downright genius move this AM
keep on, keeping on....you will be President and this country will be great again!
wish you had time to stop by while you're in Houston
Come to Highlands Ranch Colorado and I'll buy you a beer and a cigar.
Thank you for all our hard work on our behalf. You are bringing us together again. It's just grand.
What a great and exciting rally! Had a blast! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpPence2016
wish  u would leave American  for good  go to Scotland  r Germany  that's  if they would have  u maybe Russia  (Putin  BFF)
#VoteTrump2016
#BOOMERSOONER

Let people carry arms in @realDonaldTrump -rallies and see what happens to him.
#TrumpTheIdiot is #TrumplyBigly 
I can see Putin and the Russia hackers really hacking the polls and assisting the Republican..
Hardest working man in the business. HRC should take notes.
please stay out of Kansas. We have values. With brownback in your camp country is doomed
red flag all housing if its not up to code . If its poor & thats all they have compensate relocate demo rebuild

Wow, your energy is endless. Trump's energy is transferred to his followers. Passion! #TrumpTrain
