YOU ARE A LIAR!!!!!!!!!!
you lie and going to be in big trouble & yes you can no foreign money duh
check with the Constitution!
lol, and only another 4 year to go
How kind of you
LIAR, LIAR, PANTS ON FIRE!
LIAR
soon you will get caught. Your a liar you are mandate to get rid off your business but you haven't.
lies on top of lies on top of more lies....it's so convoluted it's impossible to find any truth in what you say....resign
Liar liar pants on fire http://bipartisanreport.com/2017/02/04/abc-news-hits-trump-hard-with-new-scandal-leaked-documents-prove-guilt/ … Neener neener infinity dude!
LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Liar Liar pants on fire
Liar you never did this.
Iiar.  Do you EVER tell the truth about anything?
conflict of Interest. You aren't following the law. You are still the owners and profiting from both
Yes you are mandate to leave your business. And you haven't done so. Who do you think your fouling.
UR a habitual liar looking for someone 2 like U I despise u hope u fail U R not very bright just a con artist and a fraud
you mean focus on covering up Russia loans?
Lies
LIAR
LIAR!  YOu lied!
liar liar pants on fire!
Pathetic
#showusyourtaxreturns
your changing laws but not up holding to laws
AND YOU CONTINUE TO LIE TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE

what does mandated mean to you..?  Conflict of interest and the constitution; mandate that, you liar.
why lie? Proof that u haven't done anything g why lie?
Docunents have been released that you lied about this
You have not left your businesses -- you have ignored the law -- we will tell you to your face that you're a liar ...
,youare so full of bullshit,we are on toyouasshole,great reason for impeacment,prison better,treason!!
still waiting for this to happen.  
you act like you're doing us a favor when it's your moral and ethical duty to divest everything and do the country' bus.
Everyone will be watching every move you and your family makes. D.C. is full of spies and investigators.
Like u give a crap about what is mandated by law. If u did, u would step aside.
Donald, thank you for helping small business, like us. You are an inspiration!
Just checking Sir, you know that people get to respond to these things, right? And that people get to read the responses?
Where are you leaving it?  Send me a shovel, map and directions!  Full Time Governance by Tweets far more important!
keep kicking their asses Sir President Donald.  We're loving every minute of it.
Liar. Traitor. president-defect.
Leaving business 4 your sons 2 run does not cut  mustard? 

Treason n USA -" adhering 2 .enemies, giving them aid .."?
you were quoted by @NPR
wrong - you are mandated. I really wish you would take a look at the constitution.
ummm yes you are...it's a conflict of interest...you must...it  IS the law
I hope you don't pay attention to the neg tweets. I am very happy that you use this platform to stay in touch. Cont Plz!
You need to divest with an independent manager.  Your children should not be involved.
@melanieusn1979
You are mandated by law to put the interest of the country first. You obviously disagree and want to enrich yourself. Slime

invite all of our allies to your inauguration.  Please. Love you.  We share the Gemini sign 6-2-1946. Smart & fun.
good Mr. Trump world is now looking towards your business skills
#MAGA...gotrump
Never doubted you for a moment ! Can't wait for that communist to get out of our White House .
You have a huge mess to clean up that Obama is leaving for you & have a right to President's pay!!
I hope you will reconsider accepting Presidents pay if you are going to leave your businesses.

be mindful of what Obama is doing that is not publicly known.
What a Champion we have with our President Elect! Thanks Donald
There's gotta be a reason you keep repeating that. We know what it is. You aren't giving up jack!
Ironic if @realDonaldTrump is paid cash for divestitures, and so has to pay Income Tax for 1st time in 20 years!
you just saved our Country !! Trump Power!!!
LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL!LOL!  LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL!LOL!  LOL! LOL! LOL!
thank you for Making America Great & Good again for all the people of the United States, kind Sir!
oh! How gracious of you
Right On.
you are mandated to do so, liar
You are an honorable man and you honor your word. I know you are going to make the best president of USA ever in history.
you have already shown conflicts of interest it will only get worse prepare to leave office
for your entertainment there are many talented military personnel t hat may work better for you and the people
Donald you do what's best for you and family! I know you will take care of the great people of United States!
You're an honest man.
TREY GOWDY FOR SUPREME COURT. PLEASE. A TRUE CONSERVATIVE WITH FIRE IN HIS BELLY!!!
Could you then leave the presidency on  January 21?
Well, you are required to do so, but hey. Shouting lies loud enough has seemed to work for you so far, why stop now?
Your lack of consistency makes me feel sooooooooo confident. Almost as much as your inability to spell.
No time for intelligence briefings because little donnie's taking remedial spelling classes.
emolument... It's a constitution thing...

It's "Businesses" FYI (Spelling!!!)
Mr President you will be a fine great president  sir Drain that swamp and build that wall and safety will come to American
you should not be the president of anything God Helps Us The Devil is alive and living in the trump penthouse EVIL
a real leader
When will we see the tax returns you promised?
Citizens of US, time 2 stop teenage behavior re the election. Tweet  Valuable content or shut up. U r an embarrassment
Utter #Bullshit
you are cool

Liar. You are required by law to divest.
leaving and divesting are two different things. Surely you can afford a dictionary. Also, thanks for the war with China 
The presidency is a series of traditions held by men who realize the greatest need of its people...so you just do whatever.
I don't believe a word you say
I am So excited to call you Mr President.
Im so proud of you and thankful to you...
God Bless you and keep you safe always
Mr.Trump....
We love you in Ohio!!!
BS!!!!

. ...wait: your reason for laying down your business role = you need the time to write down Putin's daily instructions?
It's SO generous of you to focus your energy on the role of POTUS. What a sacrifice! Thank you, Overlord!
WE ARE WATCHING
great step mr. President
bullshit! You're a pathological liar.
Remember to not tilt your head during the inauguration ceremony or all the shit will come running out. #UnpresidentedLoser
on using spell check
You can't stop tweeting long enough to BE President. You're known  as The Twitter Twit.
oh how fucking noble
You are by law required to do so, you tiny-handed orange idiot.
...streets of Manhattan?
you are a hell of a man. I can't wait to see what the next 4 years bring. I'm looking forward to great things.
businesses
spelling is important
good but focus on presidency not Twitter u puppet
so impressed by you, so far... be all that you can be - REAL Americans support@you
NO DRUMPF, NO MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE, NO KKK, NO RACISTS IN THE USA
von Drumpf, Russia or the United States?
anything about.  So von Drumpf, you will listen to Valdimir before you'd listen to American officers.  Who do you work for
American intelligence officers put their lives on the line for their country everyday some a draft dodger like you wouldn't
So von Drumpf, you won't take briefing from American Intelligence agencies but you'll bow down and kiss Valdimir's butt.
is a man who wants to make America the greatest country ever! A true act of patriotism!!!
Being told by Heat/Air Guys when R22 freeon runs out I have to buy another whole furnace/air unit. R22 freeon needed. REGS?
Bought furnace/air heat pump unit in 2009 for $5,000.00. Was without a unit 3 years prior to that. R22 freeon not made?
Need help! Heat/Air Folks charging $150 per lb for R22 freeon. No longer making due to Kerry Regs? My furance cost $5,000
Why do you want to bankrupt America?
Are you selling your business #fraudTrump #rapistTrump #racistTrump
Cállate!
How many "I's" can you pack into your tweets and speeches? You are a narcissistic threat to humanity. #cheetochild
well, that's good to consider that you are responsible for a country with lots of people that are poor. Good job!
because you'd be impeached otherwise.
Dear God, we've elected a president that can's spell? "busineses"?
make America great again
please just be nice to your fellow us citizens. We all work hard for a living. Most of us just minding our own.
I think you misspelled businesses.  Your president now, please hire someone to keep you from fucking up.
You will be one of our greatest President's. And I (like so many others) feel u were chosen by God, so you couldn't lose!
liar
Bullshit. You'll carry on increasing your wealth, evading taxes, and raping the nation to benefit yourself.
THANK YOU SIR. LEAVE NO LOBBY UNTURNED...SIR.
full time on  the tricks and bullshit
congratulations sir I hope you make the rest of the president's proud I continue to build a great country
we will see what the 
Future holes
You are not leaving them and you know it.  YOU KNOW IT!  Not dealing with just your stupid voters anymore.
ماتبي احد يديرها لك لانك مشغول في قادم الايام انا جاهز لذلك 
no you wont. YOU LIE LIKE A RUG! ! How do you live with yourself. look at that FACE Do you ever excersise chunky?
Please stop tweeting Mr.Trump.
Always going way over and beyond. Thank you so much.
excellent idea, Sir! It shows dedication to being President.
What about "The Apprentice"?  As a president you are a joke!
this excuse that you aren't MANDATED is complete crap. Its something that reasonable people do!
yeah, right.
No matter what you do you will never satisfy the  crooked media.  The will always find fault with you.  Shame on you media.
The liberals hate the idea of a man that actually worked for his fortunes and not stole it from Am People
year right. No one believes you. Do you think America's that stupid? Nevermind they elected you knowing about the conflicts
Hillary did not win the electoral college and every President was chosen that way in this country. Lets move on
You realise we all know you're lying right? Like everything else you've said and promised? #unpresidented
That is not the information I have received.  More like you will be breaking the law.
you are mandated by law too!
get rid of the fed please it is just a globalist agency that wants to control money, the great USA does not need the fed!
on the ???????
Then why do it?
All u haters what has #obama done to make your life better? I really want to know #MAGA
actually you ARE mandated--by the Constitution!
yet another lie!
where are your tax returns you promised, you impetuous liar!!!
Great idea. Deep thinking! @realdonaldtrump
could you have somebody check your spelling, please, before you tweet?
So Donnie, no A list celebrity wants to play at your party.  That must be embarrassing.  LOSER!!!  You are so hated.
MORE LIES
Focused on MAGA: Make America Grt8 again
