has no need to apologize. The video shows nothing but a conversation nearly every man on the plant has had b4 with bros.
terrible. Not a sincere apology. Trashing clintons not relevant
Statement?! You need a full exorcism. Start there. Retire+repent. Become worthy of being on this earth. You've hurt 2 many
I am an educated woman and I still have faith in you! please continue! America needs you! <3
I am still supporting you MR. TRUMP!!!!
A man on a mission. #Repulsive #TrumpTapes
BRILLIANT!,  what happened with CNN?
NOTHING you can say will change ANYTHING. You might as well just keep your mouth shut & watch your legacy burn.
Attention Walmart Shoppers, 1/2 off on Donald Trump apparel!
right in the pussy.
@dustin_temple10 Amazing that Ive lived 59 years & hav NEVER heard a CAREER POLITICIAN utter words like that b4.
NEVER.
Hillary is most corrupt person ever will finish destroying this country & people are talking about Trumps words wake up
Aaaaaaaaaaaaameeeeeeeeennnnnnnn!
.@realDonaldTrump "you deserve an apology and you should ask for one from Bill Clinton. He's had sex with people. Look it up. OK. We good?"
did he? I heard him talk about a former president having affairs in the 90s
An insincere  apologize. BTW  He didn't just talk about sex, he laughed about sexual assault.
Grabbng a woman by the pussy without permission? Sounds exactly like assault.
if our Country can fall apart by being called a name then there is no substance here at all! We are weak! Grow up!!!
but did you grab that pussy though?
that sounds horribly scripted 
@JohnJHarwood OK so where are your taxes?
Did you grab Melania by the pussy?
The demos are trying to get under your skin! Don't let them! They will do anything to get to you! Stay strong!Great apology
Rubio would be destroying Hillary right now. Just saying.
.@realDonaldTrump it's not a distraction, it's the core of who you are. #Unfit for #POTUS. #NeverTrump #DumpTrump
You can almost see the man with the gun just off-camera...
Well said- world upside down & this is "news"? really? knock the shit outta em Mr T! we love you!
Good job Trump nip it in a butt and take gloves off screw this.
Thank you Mr. Trump. I stand with you for the future of our country.
sounds like when u gotta go around the room in class and each person reads a paragraph from the textbook
Here is my statement.
https://twitter.com/Blob_Fish/status/784610044549685248/photo/1pic.twitter.com/Vmshg1RRKb 
#ClintonMurders #SatanWorshippers
#GravThemByThePussy  https://twitter.com/Blob_Fish/status/784610044549685248/photo/1pic.twitter.com/Vmshg1RRKb  #TrumpTapes i like it
YOu must like it because you can't bare the Truth Gross as you are! BLOCKED! @lindsayzoladz @realDonaldTrump
Trump supporters always Block me . why ?
go fuck yourself and your campaign. this isn't the first time you've said insanely stupid shit and it isn't the last time. @realDonaldTrump
his mouth looks like a butt hole...nothing but shit comes out of it
You two need to go lick clean hillarys ass you are having withdrawals
the fact he still has supporters sickens me
Same here with Hillary still having supporters
.@realDonaldTrump This isn't "a distraction from the important issues." Sexual assault *is one of* the important issues.
come on, Lauren. A man saying he can do as he wishes w/ females (& actual philosophy) is totally a distraction
I was being sarcastic. This reflects actual philosophy of a misogynistic monster
Omg Aaron don't get converted !!!!!
I don't know, Lauren; I feel a pull to be monstrous, treat women & minorities like objects
Being a whiteknight cuck and supporting Hillary isn't gonna get you more women like you think it is.
love you guys. I feel so much shame from you. So much that I've almost lost ability to be logical and sane, like you
also: there are multiple accusations pending, with women describing him doing EXACTLY THIS TO THEM.
.@realDonaldTrump Here's my statement in response to your statement:
no need to apologize to me but accepted! Now let's get back to the issues and #Wikileaks #PodestaEmails
@pink_sprnva @realDonaldTrump does character matter in a President?
, yes, character matters!  That is why MOST of the country do not like Hillary for president. @terrymendozer @pink_sprnva
Not most voters. Average of all polls have Hillary up by 4.6%.
, that is within margin of error. Btw, many polls are fraudulent, and attempts to sway voters. @matthewjdowd @terrymendozer
That's why I didn't pick one poll. I picked a site which had an average of ALL polls.
, that's good enough.  However, there is too much championing that crooked CFR globalist neocon. @matthewjdowd @terrymendozer
@thebestcloser Mr. Trump it's time to take off the "gloves"... crooked politicians don't fight fair. We have your "6"
very well said 
I don't care about some words that were said. I care about saving our country from a bunch of globalists. America 1st.
same here. She gets people killed with her negligence.
oh trust me I know. I served under these fucked-up individuals that control our country.
 & "language" I pull no punches.
thanks for serving and we will unshackle the chains Obama put us in. Hope & Change Brought us Rope & Chains
they don't want to Rattle this dog's cage. And you are welcome brother.  Semper fi.
/HELL WE ALL SAY THINGS WHEN WE WITH PEOPLE WE THOUGHT WAS COOL,,WOMEN AND MEN DO IT,,STICK TO ISSUES AND HER SPEECHS:))
What if her speeches to Wall Street were just stuff she said to people she thought were cool?
/NO,,THEY CROOKS:((
go fuck your self
-You dont need to apologize to anyone Donald- None of us are perfect and we are all human- we all make the odd mistake .
& we move on- What I find pathetic is the media went back 10 yrs to try to trash you like this- pathetic Hillarys desperate
@SpreadButter @realDonaldTrump They say  Benghazi is old news. DJT's remarks r older.
If everything is fair game back to '05, there's  more. Romney's dog on the roof was even older.
it's all fair game.  The way hillary's running mate 'What' His Name' behaved makes it so.
If I were Donald id just unload on Hilary tommoorrow night- but very calmly&confidently take her down
after he answers any legit question posed then all is just fine with me.
Hillary is the one who dodges legit questions with outright "Lies" thats all she ever does- Lie,lie,
just the fact that you had to post this is proof that you wish someone would pay attention to you. Sad.
You supporting a man who brags ab sexual assault, allegedly raped a teenager, insulted a POW & Gold Star family, etc is sad
There is no comparison. At all.
you're right. There is no comparison how sad and pathetic Donald Trump is.
You should have stopped after apology. Gratuitous political & personal attack on Clintons shows your apology insincere. @realDonaldTrump
Gee which locker room did you hear that pervert shit in? You know little girls started looking at me
APOLOGY ACCEPTED!!!PERIOD!!END OF DISCUSSION.
You  have my vote.
how would you feel if someone grabbed Ivanka by the pussy
we all know this a script. You aren't fooling anyone pumpkin
now that's a sincere man... Hahahha Hahahaha hahaha

lies, lies, lies how can we tell? your lips were moving
Damn, you're UG LEEE!
-Women & Men both talk in private and more often than not exaggerate their actions & talk trash. Anyone without SIN?
@Jollarn so yes apologies with earnest. No mention of Bill or her. After that destroy her with her war on women!!
TASTE THE FREEDOM!!  http://freedomhotsauce.com .
you are mentally sick. No one believes this was a "locker room talk". That's your real self.. You don't get it, do you?
you know nothing about policy and a danger to our country
PLEASE do not sabotage yourself . LISTEN to the advice.Stop being the Bully. Be the Leader.
poor excuse for apology.....,and human.
No one died from your masculine talk. No sane person cares. WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE?
--- so we have a guy code violation...is anyone surprised all guys talk this way in some fashion? #next #true 
. You are demonic..Can you still remember how you criticized Sen Fiorina's face?. it was few months ago.not only 11 yrs ago
@USAHellfire we love you Donald please defeat that crooked Hillary they need to be brought down she is dangerous.
(If You Thought Footage Of Trump’s Sex Talk Was Bad, Just Remember This Video Of Hillary In 1998)
apology ? r u kidding ?  robotic & scripted 'dark horse' frothing at the bit.   #HillaryForPresident clean yr clock tnite
Love this country enough to step down.
Anybody-man or woman-who says they haven't done the same is a liar!
Take your fake apology down the road and sell your crazy somewhere else. We know you're insincere.
Unlike this man I cannot use derogatory terms to describe him as there are not enough in the dictionary.
who wrote that speech? It obviously wasnt you.
You must have some sense that we are all unable to see, hear, and reason - unfortunately - we can do all three.
three Wooden crosses
well done Mr Trump.  I was waiting for this comment. We all change through experience
disgusting
wow sounds of a 5 year old child needing to apologise

@DanScavino I will keep saying it!! Clinton is the worst thing that could happen to our country at this time!
Funny nothing he's said or done in past year would lead you to believe this is not EXACTLY who he is.
Here is my statement. 
My family love you and your family Mr. Trump! We believe in you and may God guide you and America
love the scripted inauthentic apology.  Your narcissism continued to amaze.
Big deal. Bad taste? Yes!  But at least you don't leave dead bodies in your wake.  Save us from Hillary
FIND OUT HOW MUCH H.R.C. PAID FOR THIS 11 YEAR OLD TAPE ASK THE Q DO YOU WANT J.F.K.'S SEX PROTEGE IN W.H. AGAIN?
we the people need you. Make America great
TRUMP. KICKED. ASS. End of story. #debate

@jk_rowling look at this clown trying to be my country's president. @realDonaldTrump
Oh good gawd you couldn't put two coherent words together if your life depended on it.
byebye
I cannot judge. I think of the scripture quotes. "let him who is without sin be the first to throw the stone".Sin no more!
@rudygiulianiGOP you don't have to apologize for being famous and rich to the point that women through themselves at you.
and you had to read a script to apologize? ... Mmmm FAKE apology as fake as your toupee #FakeDonaldTrump #DontVoteForTrump

Well done. You have our total support! The same with all of our friends. May this low level assault boomerang on them.
Well the "ORANGE PINOCCHIO'S" at it again LIE'S, LIE'S and more LIE'S he'll go down as the wors't president in our country's history.
he did not even apologize sincerely. He just talked about his election and Clinton in almost 1 minute.
Get out of the game Donald;  can't tolerate all of your lies.  You are not my President!
an ass getting he's wife pg doen't make the baby a true american
Your statements were a very very poor choice of words. That said, its not the end of the world. I trust Mrs Trump's word 
he had a private conversation....he was unlawfully recorded which is a crime of eavesdropping
@bands_music_O honestly this speaks for itself. plus making a joke doesnt equal commiting to a crime
so what are you people worried about this girls reputation or hillarys,CORRUPTION to win the girl will do anything ANYTHING
- WE LOVE MR TRUMP!!
nice teleprompter

HERE YOU GO NAZI BOY -
I don't care about Bill Clinton. Hope both you stick to policy issues. Other stuff fodder for media

apology not accepted
Well said Mr.Trump!You know though,I've never heard an apology from Billy/Hillary,to the american people or to his victims!
Apology accepted.  Now please take our country back and make it great again!
You should start treating women as what they are: People.
you can do it. Pls, pls, pls
I forgive you .
Not good enough
, man they are really set out to destroy you, over nothing..its like there all members of a club of corruption and
Donald,please put down the Twitter and go after her on her 'open borders' part of her speech in Brazil.
Meekness is power under control, keep up the good work
make sure you are really debating Clinton tonight
I BELIEVE TRUMP WITHOUT ANY DOUBTS. 
  SEE , HE IS AN HONEST MAN
well said, don't let this BS get to you. It's a distraction
 Trump Pence 2016.
@Abby_smick99

@Abby_smick99 @realDonaldTrump
trump will lead our country like a real american man, a far cry from the past 8 yrs
you make me want to vomit.
I'm still with you.  Work for the American people when you win.  You can make us proud.
well said & know your supporters could care less about 11 yrs ago! UR the people's choice evident in the primaries 17 peeps
Not much of an apology, especially since you had to bring Bill Clinton into it. This is about you not him! @WhiteHawk247
Because idiot liberals are acting just as ignorant today as then
That is SO wrong to disrespect our President!!!
It IS "SO WRONG" THAT THIS MONSTER IS PRESIDENT.  HE DRAGS DOWN THE PRESIDENCY.  HE ATTACKS THE CLINTONS TO DISTRACT FROM HIS OWN EVIL.
good luck with the debate tonight.  Keep focussed on the issues.  The American people need you.
Served 20 years in the USMC. Have heard far worse. Men will  say things around other men that are not politically correct.
media seams to forget john,bobby,teddy,bill .they weren't angels.
shouldn't have made a statement
2 SCUMBAGS....sad
Trump decoded: "I am allowed to force myself on women because Hillary enabled me!"
no apology needed. You rocked the debate and gave the Clintons their first taste of crow. Now we wait for their sentencing.
I'm a 55 yr old democrat registered woman that is definitely voting for Mr TRUMP. I could care less what he said 11 yrs ago
Your statement shows remorse for being caught & not for being a cad. Attack on Clinton shows you take no responsibility.
Hillary screwed,the gov,Libya ambass,women,all middle East,HATI,Africa more, didn't even use a RUBBER UNPROTECTED SCREWING.
pig
pinche pendejo pelos de elote vete con tus chingaderas a otra parte
message me about this
intrigue interesting after 10 years all of a sudden this comes out now? #don'ttrustDNC
take first opportunity to apologize on behalf of ALL men and culture everywhere that objectify women and abuse let's win it
You are an insult to men sir. You are 70 years old and 59 when you made the statements. NO LEARNING CURVE
you still my vote. Stick to the issues give str8 answers at the debate. Don't let her bait you.

grow up.  Pres. Bill Clinton did things he should have been impeached for. Actually assault
I still don't understand why he is orange
you would fiqure a man of your stature and a man with daughters of your own you would have more respect for them.
#u r sick
Well, he has two daughters.
President Trump, Your apology to America , Family and Church is accepted. Christian Values Morals Tell us to 4 give
Woman are 50% of this planet and you advocate sexual assault, then you further degrade woman by laughing it off. Repugnant
@colbster3 Colby I might have to unfollow you
byee  c u next Tues
wait no. I miss you
Trump needs to introduce Clinton Cash/Panama Papers. in Debate bc Media never will.
@rudygiulianiGOP Wastin Taxpayers $on Hillary whn Proven Innocent LIK de BLK MEN u want LockedUp! Law&Order #sexualAssualt
Little girls began looking at me weird after they heard your outrageous statements posed as locker room.
you still have huge support in Suffolk county New York.
God forgives you and American people forgive you. We want Trump,we need  Law and Order and jobs...
and I remember that everyone was voting for you and not Hillary Clinton like really that is so unfair! ;[
Go Trump!  Never give in to ANY of these naysayers! Keep the faith!!
leave it at that. Apologize once at the beginning of the debate and go straight on the real issues we stand with you.
don't stoop to her level, please, stick to what people need, good news, good change. Never Hillary.
let the media go after the Clintons, stick to the policies!
wait wait so it's ok to get head in the White House but he can't say pussy???
Don't start an apology tour, just give your journey from then to now.
has, by his own admission, sexually assaulted women. PLURAL! No? Google the definition of sexual assault. Top answer is?
 here's my statement
 what a clown.......
