he said while giving America the finger.
@vine damn a president that's good at volleyball at least he don't commit treason and lie to Congress.
You smell like cheap cologne. #LyinTrump #ClownTrain #BigCheeto
He smells of success and victory ....  @HillaryClinton reeks of stale smoke from back room deals...
Mr Trump, paying $0 in tax doesn't make you clever. You will never be president, but you will always be Parasite Trump.
Hillary will make the Better President
what the hell is wrong with you? You would have voted for Hitler. They count on clueless people like you!
how do you even think you are competent?
Seriously, he does you better than you do. You should have him stand in for you at the next debate.
Did you violate the #CubaEmbargo in the late ‘90s? Does that mean we can start idiotically chanting “lock him up?”
me la pelas

Trump is starting to get too evil for me.
the way you talk about women is awful,rosie is a mom, you should be ashamed of yourself
Please, please get ads out. People in rural areas are seeing nothing but hillary ads. And they are scared to death of you.
Best Tweet of the WEEK here
Fraudster. Bankrupt.

Trump you pay no taxes & want more tax cuts for wealthiest! Its not América First its Trump First! http://nyti.ms/2dupGDz 
you're a con man, a fraud, and a pathological liar.
@WERStanford God did not give us a Spirit of Cowardice but a Spirit of Love and Integrity. HRC has forsaken these gifts!
ALICIA MACHADO SHOWED HOW U REALLY DO & HAVE TREATED WOMEN,You have cheated on ur wives & ended up with ?
shut up
Sticking my neck out and saying @realDonaldTrump for President! If I was American he'd get my vote.
why would you say that? Love a debate and hearing others opinions?
the guy is racist, delusional, misogynistic and dangerous. Would you trust him with nuclear codes?
trump will clean up America, he's against war and more importantly corruption. Yes he isn't PC and how refreshing is that?
the country and international relationships, I think he'd be disastrous. He's USA's Nigel Farage.
Hilary another Clinton in power, the others messed up, contributed to damaging their economy, how's she going to be different?
How did Bill mess up the economy???  GDP per capita increased from about $38k in 94 to  $45k in 01 (real $)
Im with you
and here we go again....you are telling us all lies.
all the stupid people that fall for Clinton's bullshit will soon be very very sorry they didn't vote for donald

children that we couldn't get them whatever it was they wanted, like a car or send them on vacation because we had to pay
Its a crime you have to answer nonsense. Liars will be shamed when America rises up in its righteous might to vote for DJT
who would guess a rich white person who doesn't get 30% taken out of their minimum wage paycheck for Trump
yeah, you fucked small businesses sideways too.
?
No real  Veterans  are for Hillary. Who are you? Brain dead ?
no "real Christian" would talk to someone like that. How do you like that?
no real Christian would vote Democrat Party or for Hillary Clinton with all their horrible agenda
seems you and i have different takes on it.  Guess my church was wrong and my service bullshit?
Classic.
Pls create a list of reliable media so The public can follow the truth, sadly US media is biased against you.
At what cost to the taxpayer? You got a BILLION in tax abatements due to dad's insider connections. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/18/nyregion/donald-trump-tax-breaks-real-estate.html …
Stupidest thing I've heard. Where are all these jobs you're creating when you ship them to Mexico and China?
https://www.crowdpac.com/campaigns/74424/mr-trump-we-challenge-you-release-your-tax-returns-and-well-donate-to-these-veterans-organizations …
@peddoc63 Says a man who doesn't pay his employees, a "successful" business man who lost nearly a billion in only one year!
Did you or Jared guide the Russians to the "sweet" spots?
how can Hillary even say anything when she should be in prison I wouldn't trust her to lead our military  no loyalty
I am so furious today about you not paying taxes that I can't let it go. For years my husband and I had to explain to our
You have created nothing but hate, division, and inciting bigotry.
Trump dominated the first 3 quarters of the debate, he only got slowed down at the end because he had to fight
Obama has already started to take us in the wrong direction, & Hillary will take it even further.
No you didn't didn't. You are destroying America's prosperity with your tax hikes to the middle & lower class consumers who fuel the economy

So many jobs! Criminal lawyers have never had so much job security!
Now now Don...U sure have a major obsession with Hillary. Must be bc she got so many more votes than you & wrote another great book 
Feeling a bit insecure, are we, Donald? Is that why you have to keep bringing up Hillary? Sad!! Very sad indeed!!
Old @realDonaldTrump tweets, you are killing me.
Looks like to me you have created jobs at the FBI and the DOJ Washington DC may run out of attorneys by the time this is all done

Remember all the preposterous things you had to say about 9/11? Here's a refresher...
Hey Don.. How are things at Trump Tower?

And you have created jobs for lawyers to defend you and your band of traitors from FBI and DOJ workers. There's no stupid like #Trumpstupid
Tens of thousands of jobs in other countries...
Looks like karma has boomeranged you!
Never has anything the POTUS been so irrelevant in the history of America as it is now...a tiny, orange, clown of a child.
hahahahaha, love it!WINNING PRESIDENT!
Did you know u made the "10 worse people" list in Forbes 2013?
Well Don, you certainly have created lots of jobs for lawyers 
So now Russia is admitting they put you in the White House 
Thanks for helping create some more jobs at the FBI and DOJ yourself!
Are you fucking delusional? Keep telling your "base" what you want them to hear but just know that the rest of us have a clue. Bye Felicia.
Awesome job tonight DT! Stay in 'Warrior Mode'
I'm praying for you!
You have also fired 10's of thousands in bankruptcy. When will you bring YOUR manufacturing back to America?
now that's an over exaggeration. Where did u get this info? Please provide proof but we both k ow u can't
All American hates the same shit we hate.Government over taxing us. Unions over charging us
Unions built the middle class and gave you better working conditions.
and then starting controlling  and raping US
The American workers hard work built the unions. If u don't know that then u need to wake up!
Philly says it all. Philthadelphia sister to Shitcago. US Corruption and murder capitals
Chicago is not in the top 10 murders per capita in America. Neither is Philly.
How many jobs have you taken away by not paying your income tax? How many nurses? Police? Training?
@iMr_x_BeNNeTT @realDonaldTrump how much in payroll taxes and sales taxes have you generated
thank you for that
Interesting story about how you imported cheap workers from Puerto Rico and Ireland for your casino http://bit.ly/2dDypFj 
Don't  forgot the Polish Ironworkers
True. @realDonaldTrump has a history of employing and exploiting illegal workers
Corner the Market and then raise the price and make labor scarce for competitors.
you've created jobs to hire immigrants & @HillaryClinton hasn't claimed Billion$$ losses to avoid paying taxes!!!
thousands of jobs on the back of immigrants you didn't pay!
This "Media Twist" is completely undoing current efforts that encourages Svc & Fam Mbrs to seek help!
Not paying your fair share if taxes is anti-American. Losing billions to get out of paying taxes is not brilliant.
@politicsastar Hillary is crooked and shall not be getting my vote!
give me a job me trump
Donald trump for world president
#WRONG
the guy that helped you fix a flat off of I95. You paid his mortgage. Good deeds. Take advantage of it.
Trump's deployables love Pepe so they are in the racist basket.
Mr. Trump, Mrs. Clinton did not "create" jobs for FBI and DOJ, she gave them more work with no additional pay! Anna NYC
because of your rude remarks towards you will lose and because your ego got out of hand we are now stuck with Hillary
dream on
B/c she lives in the political world, not the real world, Clinton's failures only hurt others, she is unscathed
how many people have you put out of work by not paying for work they did. How many businesses have you caused to shut down
You do know the country can't stash its cash off shore and then declare bankruptcy right?

I was under the impression sweat shop workers in India and China weren't allowed to vote in our elections.
how many of those jobs did you pay in full? #crookedfuckfacevonclownstick
- looks like you bribed the wrong attorney general. The N.Y. guy says you aren't on the level.
You had WORST performance of Atlantic City casino operators, bankrupt 3 times, paid yourself most
Ask Clinton & Dems if they thnk you shld have just DONATED MONEY TO THE IRS! Would they/she? She uses CHARITY TO RIPOFF GOV
Where are your tax returns???  You've stiffened more people than you've created jobs.  You were a charlatan a scam-artist.
Maybe you should bring back your jobs from Bangladesh and China first.
Disgusting donald has created zero jobs.  If you can just whip up jobs, why didn't you do so during the recession?
Sorry, I'm 12, how do you pronounce the second thing Hillary has made jobs for? I'm doing a report on you gius.
@KatrinaPierson How many people lost their jobs when your casinos filed for bankruptcy or when you lost $916M in a year?
only issue is she paid taxes you little orange girl
At the debate, if she says "I prepared for the presidency", tell her she didn't even prepare for Secretary of State.
don't forget helped the spread of AIDS.
how many dollars have you paid in federal income taxes since 1996?  Smarty pants!!
is not paying for the workers who build your golf clubs part of this whole creating jobs of which you speak if so then yes

yeah but you dont pay taxes so you suck
@Bernardv777 both r puppets #hillary #trump #obama #usa #isis #jfs #sept11 #controlleddemolition #twintowers #money #fucku
lock him up lock him up
you have tiny hands
I heard you scammed a bunch of employees and contractors.  Why aren't you bragging about that too?
you will create jobs then they wont have a paycheck with your record.
Will you require your daughter's clothing line to be USA made again? Or will she be allowed to keep employing Chinese?
You didn't create those jobs. You ripped those people by hiring, made yourself rich. Stop saying it lik was your sacrifice.
name all of them! Bet it's not true!
you have created jobs... and refused to pay the employees. SMH how do people fall for your !!!!!
Clinton Foundation laying off hundreds of people :)
the world would be a better place without you... just donate your billions and caught the next plane to Mars, would u?
how long before we file for bankruptcy and get away without paying for others jobs like youdid in your own businesses ?
10's of thousands of lawyers to sue people & defend against thousands of lawsuits for being a deadbeat
@HillaryClinton Donald, d GOP spent 7mill of tax payer money 2 find nothing new @realDonaldTrump Ponzi scheme busted
If YOU paid More Taxes than TRUMP in the past 18 years - SIGN the Petition to #LetGaryDebate http://www.JohnsonWeld.com/debate 
Who cares? If i was American
I'd want to know the deplorable things you and Hillary have done. More character- revealing.
and not paid thousands of hard working tradesmen who have worked on your properties. You ruined a friend of mine with kids
DAMNED IF U DO_DAMNED IF U DON'T_THANKS TRUMP 4 STANDING 4 SILENT MAJORITY & TAKING ON CORRUPTION
FROM THE REGULAR OLD JOE
that's great but start running commercials on dish. Clintons AD's Are driving me nuts
Hillary did same thing, anything on the news,,,,,NO,,,,,,,http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/10/02/hillary-clinton-avoided-taxes-way-trump/ …
Too bad all the jobs were created in China.
The money lost had been taxed previously. Tax laws allow previously taxed money loss to offset future profits.
You destroyed opportunities to hire U.S. Steel Workers. Went China. You are weak for America. @Who2Vote4In2K16 @BBCPolitics
Maybe you created jobs, but I hear you don't pay then.
you created jobs solely to make yourself money. Quit pretending you're at all benevolent
Mr. Trump, why do you not focus more on the taxes you have paid, no small amount! Property taxes, employment taxes, etc
you've created jobs in china #disingenuous
Clean it up. Embrace Ted Cruz IRS plan all the way.
you need to say how GREAT you are at hiring the right people as you have demonstrated with MIKE PENCE!!!
right on @realDonaldTrump we need a strong leader who knows how to bring back jobs.
You create alot of jobs you just dont pay. Get off the coke eveyone has heard about it, its on tv.
stay on the issues and you will win
you will make a casino out of our government!
so many jobs BUT U Didn't PAY Anyone! & did U give FULL healthcare?? @HillaryClinton

Creating jobs and cheating the hard working American worker out of their pay.
...are you kidding me, you can't even run a Casino, the most profitable business on the planet @realDonaldTrump, you are a failure.
, you have million of loses, how can you make USA great, your business has no profits, thats dumb

The only jobs you create is for bankruptcy lawyers. #fullofshit
when are you going to learn how to talk in a manner that is more like a smart person and not a jerk.
#Cheating  on your wife, leaving everyone else to pay your share of  #taxes  what keeps you from cheating #USA   #Trump ?
#ReleaseYourTaxReturns #CrookedDonald 
@KellyannePolls @GovChristie @mike_pence @Reince @GOP @SpeakerRyan
And all those jobs at the Mexico Resort you eventually abandoned, leaving it to rot.
how many companies did you put out of business from not paying them?
you are a shit stain on Mussolini's tighty whiteys
http://www.travelweekly.com/Travel-News/Hotel-News/Trump-Hotels-resorts-casinos-politics …
Great mind to cut txpyr costs by tax saving strategy;reduce fraud waste/inefficiency.paid billions in payroll R.E. taxes!!!
without you America is lost! Most important election of a lifetime. Stay strong and on point!
created jobs then didn't pay them. Crooked Donald. Pay ur contractors
http://writemyapplication.com 
many people have said that you've created thousands of jobs... IN CHINA!
: And she'd grow this Govt driven economy! Hold her accountable for her fact based scandals & political liabilities#Benghazi
@Michele_Wyatt66 @realDonaldTrump actually the state govts ran the casino out of business.  Every state has them now.
By suing 000's of hard workers 2 make Ur money by ruining them.  And evading taxes, lying, cheating & losing daddy's money
hillary's hook up, recall, coyoted troxell, romness, house the coyoted boat people in new homes in cypresswood. Did you
Hillary doesn't make her money from ventures that include risk!  She just gets thousands to speak! Hard to take a tax loss!
You technically have to pay someone in order to employ them. So no Donald, you haven't created jobs LOL
OMG HILLARY QUEEN OF MEMES REKT M8
@FingersUpforDT I don't like buisnessmen that loss billions. Right? #WhineToWin
#WhineToWin
#fudt
HOW? 
Oh wait ... you have no plan - only sound bites.
is so brilliant he LOST over $915,000,000!!! #loser #bigtimeloser
is that how many IRS employees it takes to work on auditing your taxes?
So you'll  be bringing  jobs back from the other countries and give them to American workers?

Bill Clinton created jobs for cardiologists with his repeat surgeries
.@realDonaldTrump You steal TAXES: Funds 4 Elementary, secondary, n vocational education AND Child care, foster care, n adoption support.
hittlary lost $6 billion as sec of state.. how smart is that? not counting 33,000 emails or gets back $1.7 from her charity
These jobs...will people actually be paid or are you going to cheat them like you do everyone else??
You have ruined more people than some towns have living in them. Pimp.
You have that correct.  Don't get in the mud with HRC.  Listen to Newt.
LOCK HIM UP DJT FOUNDATION....LOCK HIM UP!
and pissed it away
http://www.proudcons.com/breaking-new-emails-tie-chelsea-clinton-to-7-year-6-million-federal-scheme/?utm_source=facebook&utm_campaign=facebook_ATB&utm_medium=ATB …. Check out how they make sure their friends get taken care of. Bust this up!
 Say this over & over..stay on message & come January...you can open the files on her again! Until then stay on message!
ad you created jobs for the IRS..ask you have to offer is lies n lies! That's why you outsource all your clothing and steel
created jobs overseas idiot
I'd rather work at the DOJ than at the Taj... oh... wait... #whoops
#WTH #CrookedHillaryRotten pics
almost a Billion dollars in one year? Love to see the details on that
Oh yeah? How many hard working people have u stiffed, Sniffy?
