- it's time we revived cartoon editorials. #FollowTheMoney #FightTheMedia #MillennialWomenForTrump
You just continue to ROCK! Love your work!
Thank you - let's keep up the good fight. I'm so grateful for your support! #MAGA
So women who accuse Harvey Weinstein are believable, but women who accuse a "man" who often boasted about being a serial harasser are not?
Actually the proof is already out and he admitted to some of it outright. Listen to the tapes as well. Creepy as shit.
I believe every single woman. Men who TALK about kissing and grabbing without waiting DO kiss and grab without waiting.
What kind of cucks ask a woman about a kiss. The body language lets you know when the time is right. Get a written affidavit? LOL
you want people to believe Bill Clinton's alleged victims but not your alleged victims. Double standard!
Evidence doesnt compare...
Jessica Drake*Jessica Leeds*Kristin Anderson*Jill Harth*Temple Taggart*Karena Virginia*Mindy McGillivray*Rachel Crooks*...... and more
False paid shills unlike these:
I can’t believe you were able to steal an election
One is a wish, the other a prophesy. or is that too nuanced for you and your friends?
You are a disgrace to America . These women are not lying you are a sexual predator.
A peck on the cheek from a 70 something year old man does not compare to the gropefest by Biden

WRONG.

And this
the women are telling the truth donald trump it is you that are lieing tell the truth donald trump richard
Well my opinion is to not get involved with it anymore and just continue what you do best. BECOMING OUR PRESIDENT!


So, 9 unrelated women are lying!!??
if all the accusations against you are false, why'd you settle most of them outside of court? 
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
rapist

Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
Denies treating women appallingly to protect your campaign > video comes out >Apologises for it > And repeat.
You would be the expert on phony stories.
the women are telling the truth and more women will come out. U are a predator,
Wikileaks Internet cut
Only if you let it we the people know the truth
#Fraud/Criminal/Loser
.@realDonaldTrump @MarkHalperin Yeah "women" - what a pain in the keister.
Hey Donald last week u said u had proof of their false statements! Where is your proof!
one by one being debunked. You should actually try gating news from reliable sources.
you r nota reliable source that's 4 sure!
I'm sure you consider MSNBC & CNN reliable sources. Good luck with that. Soft sand over there for you to bury your head.
Just from the tone in ur words one can see u think ur superior to women! And that's the basis of ur position
wow, just because you're a woman.
we are learning more and more everyday of how the establishment cheats to stay in power. Why wouldn't this be made up?
Delete your account
loser don
#womrnizer #dumptrump #circus YOU CAN'T DEBATE ANYTHING. BTW, where r ur tax returns@warrenbuffet
Dec 16th
you admitted to assaulting women. they are just confirming what you've said.
How are they proven false, @realDonaldTrump ? @MooreSenate would like to know #mapa
I'm so glad I don't believe a word out of your mouth. 
that goes for @HillaryClinton too. Along with Bill who didn't have sexual relations w/ that women right?
she chose to stay married to a liar. Sometimes it takes one to know one.
he wasn't in government. More importantly do you agree w/ HRC's policies?
please stop tweeting! You sound like a mental patient.
Trumptroller alert! Getting nervous so I gotta troll...
oh I'm not nervous! Clinton has won this election.
According to the polls? No..according to the one sided bias media?... Lol
yeah and you only believe what Trump tells you. Sadly we are on the right side of history
Believe me..when the Democrats firebomb a republican headquarters they are getting desperate.
oh believe me, it was probably one of the deplorables that did it.
Having 9 women accuse Trump 3 weeks before election is a coincidence? I think not. Dirty politics!!
I don't think you'd know the truth if it came up and slapped you. You're sickening.
Eat a dick Donald.
Did you bang a pornstar just after your wife gave birth to your son?  How did @FLOTUS get her type of visa and how are her parents becoming citizens?
stop giving them time on this! Focus on the issues!
The man has the attention span of a chihuahua. Good luck with that.
considering he is being accused by a dishonest corrupt media-I think he's handling it pretty well. You couldn't.
Nothing has been proven false. You just keep saying it has been. That doesn’t make it so.
it's like they are believing what you said about sexually assaulting women.
doing it to excuse Bills rapes to distract from bills rapes! Trump didnt rape women, Bill did!
Bill O Reilly?
since when did many equal 100%, is this why you're such a whizz at business
They went this far because they are true! Even by your own admission. Sorry! locker room talk NOT!!!
None have been proven false. How the law suits going??
The world knows we are dismayed having a pervert like you representing the USA.  They know where your mind is as displayed in this tweet AND they know what shameful and dirty little hands you have.
Phony (try using spellcheck).  Not genuine.  Fraudulent.

You are an incredible piece of work......and by that, I mean AWFUL!

How do you put up with this @FLOTUS ?
Check them for green cards , also give them Kathy Griffins number maybe she could help

: What do you mean phoney? The man confessed to doing this, that's more than you will ever do.
why so defensive ? Maybe they have a point.  Sorry buddy you lose.
You should have a solo press conference where you only answer policy questions.
We believe the WOMEN, we believe COMEY.
None were proven false. You never provided the evidence.
You've already confessed to these actions on tape. Your denials ring pretty hollow now.
"They let you do it when you're famous" doesn't = "I grabbed the bitch's pussy and rammed my tongue into her"
You, like Trump, are delusional if you think what he was describing wasn't sexual assault.
he was DESCRIBING it...key...not doing it! Women are pd $hills...already proven most of them...
The only proven payment I recall is Broaddrick admitting Breitbart covered her travel.
that's I'll even give u a news source I'll believe. http://www.cnn.com/ALLPOLITICS/stories/1998/11/13/jones/ …
So Jones was a paid shill? You've strayed from Trump talking points now.
the "women" are paid by Clinton machine...it'll all be proven. u said no one was paid...I simply
can't believe someone like you made it to a presidential candidate.
And won... Shows what you know. lol.
He lost the popular vote and became even less popular my dear seeker of truth.
Also Wisconsin added some Trump votes... forgot that one. Not many but some... still a trend.
Trump's approval rating has fallen in every state since he took office. Including Wisconsin.
Says who? The same media that hates him? The tail trying to wag the dog? Stop living in an echo chamber. lol
Keep seeking for truth my friend: Trump has made 1,318 false or misleading claims over the past 263 days.
There is a lot of exaggeration. He tends to speak in superlatives. So what? HArdly misleading unless aren't too bright I suppose.
I find your denials about as convincing as I found Bill's when he claimed "I did not have sexual relations with that woman"
Bill may have lied but "that woman" was a willing partner. NONE of Trump's accusers were. See the diff?
The article you posted from a year ago explained why they didn’t cover it.
,trump loves women he has great views makes me think theres still hope for america
Give specific information that demonstrates even one has been proven false #donthecon #unfit
you are a toad and kellyanne is a frog
amazing how u can look the american people eyes and lie so much about so much.  u are evil and a traitor.
I have always  been told. "Where there is smoke, there  is fire." To many people  say the  same thing.
Please Mr. Trump...enough defensiveness already. State they are false move on to quality of life for us if you're POTUS
Go the Herman Cain route. "For every one I harassed, there are thousands that I didn't". #VerySad
It is amazing how this hearing has been seen by so few when the woman proves to be grabbing the Americans by the ... @realDonaldTrump
You got more women VOTES then what the Polls are showing! We are many millions of moms who will VOTE FOR TRUMP PENCE 2016
"You can do whatever you want when you're star."
Women: "Trump grabbed me."
Trump: "Liars. I never did what I said I did."
Quoting out of context much lol. take your limp rhetoric home.
Sir ur ID says realDonaldTrump but u r full of pretension..ur tweets and ur way of talking in debates is pretty childish.
YOU NEED TO GO NUCLEAR ON HRC WEDNESDAY
where is the proof?  Same place as your taxes and your crooked foundation and TU?
Just like ladies of Bill Clinton's past....why should we believe them but not believe the women about your past?
no not proven false. Even if these women are making false statements you should be stopped for eveything else. So much shit

@potus is a self-confessed sexual predator who is providing terrible and divisive leadership
Yeah that is what Bill Cosby said to. I would suspect there will be many more coming out before it is over with.
5:15 AM in New York City would be 12:15 PM in Moscow, Russia: http://grammarist.com/usage/phony-phoney/ … #DopeyDonald #GOP @GOP #Trolls

yeah but they weren't proven false though... it's amazing how u just say shit without any basis can't wait for u to go away
@MarkHalperin which allegations have been proven false?
You had to know that your past would be dug up as not only a self-proclaimed celebrity but as a person running for office
@natashagalkina it's odd this is a mirror image of the 1988 election only trump is Dukakis and Hillary Bush

none proven false yet
focus on WHAT SHES DONE NOT ON YOUR RUMORED SPECULATION !! They are trying to switch focus is all
acceptance is a good healthy first step to healing Donald

the only men allege you did exactly what you boast you do on tape
forget about the Gold digging woman and take control back of the internet.  Stop the immigration flow for true vetting.
the media should be ashamed of themselves...facts mean nothing anymore.  How do they sleep at night!?
UR a pathetic liar. Trust me, all these women aren’t coming forward for the fun of it. They wouldn’t...unless it was true abt HW and YOU
So when women accuse Bill Clinton of misdeeds they're pressured to shut up and go away (according to you)?
only one who makes up shit is you
- I doubt they are false.  You have a track record.
-FOTUS had Beyoncé and Rap artists at the WH with their disgusting songs and she wasn't offended. All BS
you should defend yourself, but don't lose time about it. You need concentrate more instead on WikiLeaks Clinton Emails.
Wikki leaks mails shows us that they started with racism before sexism. Keep focus on political issues. Worldwide movement.
Trumpster. You are the One on Drugs!!   And if Ur not then U are a Lunatic!!  Not Hillary.
Actually, zero have been proven false.  How did that court case you're defending against re: 13-year-old rape victim go?
WeThePeopleNeedYou 2 B PresTrump forget the fony woman claims focus on issues policy jobs taxes border Hillary emails UR#1
You are #fakenews
exactly your problem.... you can't understand why....
@politico @washingtonpost @CNN @IvankaTrump @MSNBC
iknorite? Everybody know you're gay.
How misogynist of you @potus. This would be a classroom example of institutional sexism at work. #MeToo #ResistanceIsCrucial #Thanks4Nothing
-YOU should be ashamed of yourself.
Speak American English... it's Phony!!!!!
you're 100% right, but at the last chance debate focus on why your plans for America are pro women, minorities, USA!
crybaby
proven by ...
any facts there or just bluster?
And I REALLY can’t believe that the presidency has been reduced to this. You‘ve elevated Bill Clinton’s legacy to sainthood.
So, you never boasted of “grabbing pussy”?
It’s like you’re running out of ways to shame yourself and the country and going back to your greatest hits: your history of sexual assault #25thAmemdmentNow
You can't believe that your own bad behaviour has finally caught up with you? You cheap, nasty bully!
amazing to think they are all lying and you tell the truth. You are losing big so you cry like a baby. Schmuck
We the People have to fight ALL OF THEM. Real or imaginary. FIGHT!
Yes, let’s get back to the real news: RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA  #FakePresident #CrookedDonald
someone's trying  really hard not to appear guilty, kind of like someone who is guilty
yeah right
That's the English spelling of "phony" -- so you WERE born outside the U.S., you phony!!!
For money, favors or promises disreputable people will say anything!
Rollingstone is going through a shit storm on reporting false rape accusations. time to rain shit on Hilary
I guess I missed something, because 5 days ago you promised PROOF that the charges were FALSE. Where is it????
I can believe these stories. You are a #moron and a crook. You're incompetent and ignorant. By your own admission, you're a #pussygrabber!
I refuse to read or respond to any of the women things. Please stop responding to them. Ignore them. See how HRC does it.
Don't defend; push back, putting Hillary on defence, make her smirk go away.
when exactly were they disproven? Never. Sad
yeah and where they 20 years ago. Not. Using it
Funny how they made up stories that sound just like what you brag about doing.
Why I agree most stories are media fabrications, you're still a bell-end and unfit to be called human
no, none of the allegations have been proven. Another lie
Hey Donny. Something bigs getting ready to break huh?  Always know when your nervous. You tweet enormous amts of crap
http://projectveritasaction.com/rigging-election-video-i-clinton-campaign-and-dnc-incite-violence-trump-rallies.html …
my family will be sending in out ballots today, and it's all TRUMP!  We don't believe the corrupted media. GO TRUMP!
Ignore the women issue, move on to her corruption and your policies...she's getting buried in these Wikileaks
liar!! We know better
Is 1997 early enough for you? No election motive! https://www.scribd.com/doc/300193678/1997-Jill-Harth-Lawsuit …
LIAR LIAR ORANGE PANTS ON FIRE
Are you talking about Harvey Weinstein or yourself? - you’re both cut from the same perverted cloth. Hmmm proven false or paid off?
What was proven false? Cite evidence.A doubting relative is not evidence as we all know .
please move on to issues
so the audio where you degrade women and admit to sexually assaulting women was faked?
@LANURSE1 HRC put out a reward for dirt on you sir! #SAD
#ManyPeopleAreSaying #TheyAreTellingMe #BelieveMe #DonTheCon is a #Pervert
stop talking about it--go to issues--focus on her mishandling of things
because things said by women aren't supposed to have any impact, right?
funny, no one believes The Donald.
CNN has 100% false stories about you 24hours a day! If you win I wouldn't give that Network not one second of your time.
Are you kidding with this comment?  WTF is the matter with you?
@Darren32895836 
No worries. You'll get them back as you are working very hard.
We have it straight from your potty mouth, dude. Are you saying you're a woman who made it up?
Begging you to stop talking about them, you are making all those lame comments credible, making them BIG. they are nothing
stop beating a dead horse. Nobody cares about sex.
Assault is not just sex. Assault is a crime.
assault is not sex. It is violence. Kissing and hugging are not sex & are allowed.
Kissing and hugging (and groping) without permission are ASSAULT.
no. Kissing and hugging are always acceptable . Groping is not, grow up, you are blocked.
Who the hell raised you? No unwanted kissing and hugging is absolutely NOT ok.
Anyone with half a brain and your backstory would steer clear of this subject...
I believe the Women....100%
yes we know hedge betting loser..suuure the elections rigged  BEFORE ANYONE EVEN VOTES. LMAO
Reported @twitter
@tzard000 look on utube about the story about BC
But you do advocate the unwanted clutching of female genitalia 
where us the proof that the allegations are false?
