People seem to forget that he was a democrat when he made those statements. CLEARLY not the man he was.
If you think he's a Republican, other than in name, now you're delusional.
He got more republican primary votes than ANYONE in history. Perhaps YOU are no longer republican.
please tell me what conservative values Trump embodies.
Smaller gov't, simplified taxes, undo Obamacare, better trade, not Hilary. U R drinking false koolade
"better trade"? That's a little vague. Simplified taxes = tax code that benefits multimillionaires
"Vague"? So it's my fault that @twitter only allows 140 characters. Do your research.
the kool-aid." You're a writer and couldn't come up w/something more mature?
how will you explain to your daughters that the POTUS thinks it's ok to grab them by their pussy?
unless he did it without their consent then it's no ones business
did you even listen to it? The entire tape is about touching women w/o consent!
he said "and they let you" no one accused him, I don't care about crude private talk
Did you listen to a different tape?  He sexually assaults women.
Yes I agree! A vote for the liar is a vote to turn America into a 3rd world country.
I agree.  Thousands have contributed to RNC and Trump.  Stick together.  We can win. Have confidence.
These are not "Republucan Leaders" but "Corrupt Communist Infiltrators" in the Republican party.
#TrexitTime
pls put all wiki leaks email on your website and draw peoples attention to it !Don't miss the opportunity today
Filmmaker to release ‘You’ve been Trumped too’ - GolfPunkHQ https://shar.es/1EgRMM  via @sharethis
Your right!
Donald should grab the Republican leadership by the pussy.
No their job is to protect the American people who put them in office not to protect evil that will destroy us all.
STAY STRONG LOVE YOU
ISRAEL WANTS TRUMP!
@LindaHogan @eericmyers trumps a tosser @ pervert
They are playing as "fast and loose" with their "word" as HC is.
You are a sex predator.
Stand up you bunch of pansies, do your Republican duty!!! Status quoe?? Yes keep me in office Hellery!!!!
Not when they're given proof positive that their nominee is a pussy-grabbing, philandering sexual predator
Bill dildos young interns in the pussy with a cigar & Hillary tries to destroy their lives after
Aren't you a lovely way to start a weekend? You have a nice one, ya hear.
 U do the same. 

Sorry,  would rather talk policy myself, but u took it there. Take care.
- go out & grab them by the P_ssy !!
this one thing I agree with you on.  They created the grotesque Trump monster, they should own it.
"@eericmyers: @realDonaldTrump  "Republican leadership" should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump."
If Hitler's party had said No the world would be a better place. Their protecting you from yourself.
The GOP is dead. The people want Trump. We have spoken! The establishment wouldn't listen. DT heard us!!!
We will stand on the mountain of truth & put down the crooked self serving few slowly taking our country #MAGA1
This true. Democrats stick together. The Republicans run which is why they lose elections.
@washingtonpost @High Drumpf due to your demeanor, actions, and what u say. People have no respect for u. U ₩ 1
The @GOP leaders work for us & they're dismissing our votes & voices still! Get on board with TRUMP or get voted OUT! #MAGA
Sir, truer words have never been spoken. The Leadership is out for themselves. Protect their own interest!
rapist pedifile
... pure evil thought.
@countrybeforeparty
@Ferry_Queen @eericmyers @msest1 They Failed!
@USAneedsTRUMP @eericmyers You're the only person in the world that would make people choose HRC
Thou doest protest too much.
Not since you admitted on National TV to being a Serial Admitted Rapist and laughed about it with Billy Bush!!
forget you.
You are not qualified to tell Republicans leaders what they ought to be doing.
That would be true if they didn't have a conscience!
actually NO!  Propose best candidate than can win.  You can't win!
but you're wack
go ahead, he won't win
@Knight276 @eericmyers Rat Ryan n other alleged reps are demo hack self centered idiots. HRC spells end n they can't see !!
I just can't believe they are willing to pollute the wt with more trash. We the people will not tolerate this!
@karen58Romans @eericmyers EXACTLY!!! Otherwise, U R for HRC the CRIMINAL !!!!

he's gonna get his ass kicked and that's GREAT for America!
s
you are a danger to America
stay to what you are going to do for America.
They apparently feel "Secure" in there Political Positions" Good Luck with that TRUMP  PRESIDENT
fuck the established gop. Fuck them all to hell. It's different this time
republican leadership has consistently let us down. We need you Mr Trump.
Very sad... poor you.
@Knight276 @eericmyers Why do we have to tell them this? This should be a no brainer. RNC choosing self over country.
Donald the problem is you suck  !!!
.@realDonaldTrump @eericmyers She'll beat you like a dog, Donald. Sad. So have your lawyers looked at various statutes of limitations yet?
Initially, I wasn't going to watch tonight's debate. Now...
I still won't, so take notes.
I hear there’s football on.
I will be going back and forth. Giants @ Packers. Should be good game.
Packers need a W. As for the Giants, Beckham Jr needs to not get flustered. Should be good.
I am pulling for the Pack.
Please stop stringing all of these confused people along.
vote Trump, a real American taking back America.
rats leaving a sinking ship. !!! Snortbigly!
I agree with this
amen
You don't exhibit GOP tenets. Blind loyalty has no place at the voting booth.
if the media robs u of the election, we should start a new party. RINOs need to go
GOP leadership has sworn to protect America from foreign & DOMESTIC threats. Like Trump. Country before party.
the only man who can make this country great again donald trump #1
Vote @SpeakerRyan and Yurtle McConnell out for not supporting the party.
COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY! Trump is for Trump, not America.
@assbott said you can grab his pussy Donald!
we stand by Donald, he's doing so well in the polls! http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/10/the-twtw-election-model-trumps-path-to.html …
What poll are you looking at?
please refer to this link http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/10/the-twtw-election-model-trumps-path-to.html …
you have got to be kidding right?
there is no Republican leadership they have proven themselves to be jackasses dressed in elephants clothing

what's this your fantasy weirdo
stick a fork in you, you're done. literally. @eericmyers
For your sake you had better hope that is not true. If so everyone is in an 8 yr Clinton Hell!
c
yes-yes-yes.
lol
they are too embarrassed to have you on the ticket.
We automatically kno that the ones who don't support the nominee are also in on the corruption
If you were worthy of it they would. If these things had cum out earlier (oops sexual comment) U would not be
.its NOT about a party..it's about Candidate!
Little Hands Trump we Republicans want a REAL MAN as POTUS not a RAPIST like you in the WHITE HOUSE!!
Rep big problem is "establishment" Katie Perry & Madonna take off their clothes For Crooked Hillary & No Word!
As an AA, I would never vote for any other GOP, but TRUMP. No Loyalty!
Its obvious Trump sees Predatory behavior as being OK- false apology- Not sorry- just deranged
@GenevaPhoenix vote for Trump! MAGA!
DISPICABLE PERSON, YOU WILL LOSE!
And you should have only one job: Be electable!!!!
ask the people for forgiveness. God forgives.
Sexual Molester, Racist, Anti-Gay (Pence), degrades women, ban Muslims, dehumanized Mexicans, GOP got it right!
If the GOP throws the Election
WE WILL NOT VOTE for a GOP senate

Send them packing
#trumptrain
Trump = The voice of the people
@foxnation The GOP needs to be dismantled and replace these traitors!!!!  Killary lies lock her up!!! traitor!!!
I kicked you out of the house because you were even dumber than your weak brother. You are not a killer.

why not give up after all these problems?
WE DONT LIVE IN N KOREA. Everyone votes KIM. In AMERICA we vote our conscience. #TrumpMessiah
vote Trump
They do t care about the people. They want one world order. God help us PLEASE!
will the establishment beat the will of the people!they have a good record!hilary=real problems for the people!
you can tell her pussy has been towed
U people don't get it. Was, is, always will B scummy slime. Wake up he's playing U.Lies, cheats on his wives
Wrong! Our voted officials only job is to support their people and our country. Not a misogynist pig!
NOPE. They are looking after the party, NOT YOU
we the people!!!
So far most of the media has been fair :)
If the leadership keep the mess up, they will not have any job
go away!!!! Step down and be a decent man ( or whatever you consider yourself)
No Republican Leadership haw one job. It's all our jobs to protect and defend the Constitution
VOTE TRUMP ON NOVEMBER 8 AMERICA
- they can't because what he said is reprehensible.  If you've been assaulted by a man like Trump you'd know.


they cannot elect you because they actually realize how toxic you are for this country. That should tell you
crap!  Looks like someone found his phone!!
You're unelectable! Get it!
Whatever happened to forgiveness Mr. John Thune SoDak Rep. HRC actions are more reprehensible than DJT words, just words!
Republican leadership would be better off playing Russian roulette rather than support Donald Chump!
accept your faults, don't deflect and be a kid.  Man up, even Nixon had more respect than you.
OK Sandusky.
Not if that nominee is trump!!
why? They didn't elect you. Your supporters did. They never wanted you and now you want support. You're a tool
AMERICA over party
as usual you just spoke about what every man knows and has said in their own way it is the programming in our DNA
...provided that nominee maintains the respect of the leadership and the electorate... whoops!!

@ReversingASD  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10210811601834059&id=1471327160 …
your behavior is so deplorable that anyone with a conscience must now distance themselves. Lonely Donny??
Assuming that the nominee is doing his only job - trying to get elected
Who can support such an imbecile?

ScrewedThemselvesMillionsTrumpSupportersHaveVowedTheyWillNotVote4AnyoneWhoDoesNotSupportTrumpTheyRToast RT RT
@rudygiulianiGOP I don't know Hypocritical Congress abandoned Voters long ago. You got YUGE Voter Support!
vote for #GRABHERPUSSY2016 think about your young daughter
Your kidding right!
tired of crooked politicians. We elected Trump in the primaries.  Your responsibility to us is to support him.
No.  I didn't vote for him.
Not true.  It's Trump's duty to freaking lead.  No one owes him support.   His sign in my yard=embarrassing
you no longer have my vote,  character is a large part of leadership #bothunfit,  voting for @Evan_McMullin
Rousseau wld beg 2 differ. leaders need 2 have 4sight. If Trump will blow up  stop him even if "ppl" want him
"Ye shall know them by their fruits"
(Mt. 7:16)
#PodestaEmails #NeverHillary
no one wants to dance with the devil.

Correct! It's job of the "Republican leadership" to help elect you. Some may pay at the polls. @eericmyers #bigleaguetruth
LOSER 
you are so right they were voted in by the people support our candidate. All hypocrites. They want HRC
Donald these people are in for a rude awakening.! Stay true ! The silent ones are with you!
this monster STOLE the GOP nomination with the media help! Wish GOP leaders would wake up during the primaries!
just like you and Hillary working together this election.
it makes you wonder what the "republican leadership" is up to the Supreme Court issue should be case closed
Your last Supporter!!
Agreed!, with a caveat.  If we find out the nominee repeatedly attacks women verbally and physically, he's out
Republican leadership's responsibility is to protect America first, you putz. It's not to get you elected.
GOP was an honorable party before extremist Tea Party, Libertarians and deplorables hijacked it. Shed Trump!
Back to Disneyworld, Eric! Reality doesn't grasp YOU!

Rant

They don't have faith in @realDonaldTrump : it's that simple. @HillaryClinton is the next President of USA.
:hey,the GOP&Hillary had this planned all along.It's a setup to try to take Trump out!
If you buy milk, find out it's sour, you don't drink it, you pour it down the drain.  #trump #justgoaway
cry baby
Dump Trump!
The majority of you don't want him. Read
The nominee has just one job, to not embarrass the rest of the GOP.  Which let's see,   How is that working?
@HillaryClinton 
Trump train coming.
We American's still stand with Trump.
By crooked Obama and Hillary
no thanks, I'd rather vote for Donald Duck than you!
WHAT LEADERSHIP?????
@catchef71 @eericmyers
Republican leadership should have one, safeguarding the future of America from people like you

If Trump were a black man, his supporters would all have rin by now ~ bigots that they are.
u will lose
By the way despite all HRC corruption&lies her party standing strong w her while Rep character questionable
@mtbackpackrk Republican leaders are preserving their funding and don't care about Americans. They are a disgrace.

I hope you also feel American's should support whoever the voters elect as our next President. #ImWithHer
Or they could chose the different, honorable path of complete disavowal. America is watching.
Republican leadership has apparently wised up. Aint gonna happen LOOOOSSERRRR!!!!
That's the problem with being simpleminded. You don't grasp that 'you' are not their only concern.
she called arabs sand n!gg!rs. Her temperament is terrible
Toast. Give up the ghost.
AGREED!  IF the nominee remains worthy.  #MrEgo hasn't remained worthy and his apology horribly not believeable
I said the same thing yesterday we need to stand united! Vote Trump /Pence 2016
hahahahaha!

Building a wall will just make your cocaine supply more expensive. Included in tax write-offs?
