#MAGA

@simplyfreelife This is odd ball to me , really !
Can anyone explain to me  , If there's any nexus with the  Russians  hacking the election,  the recount ?
No.  The complaint is maybe the Russians gave Assange Podesta's emails.
That's what the crooked CIA wants us to think, anyways!
I still remember when libs loved Assange.  I'm getting old.  Assange deserves a Pulitzer
Trump, as a Putin ally, by default, sympathizes with Assad and Iran, the death and destruction of Syria.
let it go man.
Awesome! That makes you only 3 million votes behind Hillary!
@hahn who cares
don't forget you lost the the popular vote
because you cheated.
What are you talking about. They didn't even conduct a recount in Pennsylvania cause you blocked it. Ignoramus #LyingDon
They recount the conspiracy theory counties with paper ballots in PA.  He gained votes. Thanks Jill!
WHO GIVES A FUCK!? You're already POTUS (even if you don't act like one).
but not the popular vote!!!
yeah but the citizens prefer Hillary

the US is the only democracy that uses an EC over a popular vote. That's how backwards you fools are.
yeah because we want California to decide every election right...
6th largest economy in the world. CA must be doing something right.
If it wasn't for Hollywood they would've never achieved that
most of the country's goods come from the our ports.  Holywood has nothing to do with it.
way to go...
Chicago great idea!
Don't lie to yourself it wasn't that many votes.
Whatever helps you sleep at night, buddy #biggestloser #donthecon #worstpeotus http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/donald-trump-lost-popular-vote-hillary-clinton-us-election-president-history-a7470116.html …
in constant need of validation aren't you?
You still lost by 2.8 million votes nationwide. Wow,  that must such to win like that.
lie's lie's lie's lie's lie's...that's all you do... lie's lie's lie's
2.8 million more Americans voted for Clinton
Keep tweeting Mr. President, doing a superb job! You've been my #1 choice since the PhilDonahue show 25+ yrs ago! #Thrilled
I am proud of you sir, .even though we'rent Americans but we love so dearly sir
And by the way: are you a chicken? #ananxiousworldawaits
come to Springfield Missouri on a weekend
Nice #Trump!
Hail Russia!
.@realDonaldTrump you lost by over 2.5 million votes. Stop whining, and denounce the 900+ hate crimes made in your name since Election Day.
LAST I CHECKED He WON. LOL
you should check again.
Just did still won. Lol
electoral college decided on him but he lost by over 2.5 million votes in the popular vote.
that means Hillary lost.most popular loser.
means the electoral college didn't do its job. Now we're going to go to war with China. Happy about your president-elect now?
put down your bong and come back to reality.
not rigged???
hai
hai sir
But still down by 3 million votes. Not the people's choice.
Me Trump please stop. There is just too much winning. I can't take it anymore
☞@realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/808642018612310016 … 

I t looks like
(_﹩_(-̮̮̃-)_﹩_)#TrumpWonⅾerful
☆★   
★☆  ̖ノ*)▁ All over Again.
@MAGA
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
I'm going to boycott #BoycottPennsylvania #BoycottWisconsin #NotMyPresident
ask your mother.
Footage of Mike Pence exorcising the homosexuality out of me at Conversion Camp https://twitter.com/RicheyCollazo/status/802789435813150720/photo/1pic.twitter.com/ASfvTxGUE3 
"America in the end time will force people to either worship or be punished." #TRUMP #DUMPTRUMP #FRAUD #LIAR #DEMAGOGUE
You mean like the Muslims, that Dems love so much?
No one will face the final crisis without first having heard (Mark 16:15) and understood (John 1:9)
.@GMA @matthewjdowd sat defeated election night knowing crow doesn't taste good & continues to sell his lies to America
by the way i said it based on data. And then said i was wrong.  Maybe your guy could try that.
You said you were wrong after you were proven wrong as you gloated the day B4 Selling false polls
the national polls were actually pretty accurate.  Clinton won the popular vote by decent margin.
Helluvalot o'Russians there, lot more than Shilary could raise from the dead, huh.
Recount in CA, President Elect won't flip it red but would sure flip the popular vote disregarding the millions of illegals
if that many illegal voter participated maybe we should void the election results and hold a new election!
Wouldn't change to red since most vote Dem.Feels unfair as a citizen that my vote counts less,no matter the party
yea what's funny is the electoral college could be shifted to ensure everyone has equal voting power
Everyone does have equal voting power  under the electoral college thats the whole point. I mean in your state.
i am sure you have people posting these liberal tears cups all over your posts. Allowing spam. Not deleting ...

So all the rigging was against you. But I thought Dems didn't rig elections? lol
the recount, Russian conspiracy theory & HRC's bid is a big waste of time.
That's their point. To draw attention away from the Dems own corrupt activities.
Best part about the recount is all the Dems caught stuffing ballot boxes in Detroit.  JAIL
Dems get away w/everything like Clinton. Dems want to pin everything on Trump
You don't look well Donnie.
Stop disrespecting the president elect. Good luck the next four years.
the way these stupid Dems are acting we will have 8 yrs. SC will be loaded up by then.Dems keep losing
LMAO no way in hell he gets eight, not expecting him to last four.
u haven't noticed perhaps. We own u.
Yall dont own shit, Russia owns Trump.
prez, both houses, going to own supreme crt, 33 governors and shitload of state seats. Regressive bs on the way out. Desk w/it
Who are yall gonna blame when evening goes to shit? Coal miners losing insurance, ss being slashed and ret. age going up.

s
..
focus stupid.
World is on fire right now, people begging for their lives in Aleppo and all you can do is congratulate yourself.
You should know, Obama is unfortunately for Aleppo, still President. Still looking for his red line.
But you said it was rigged. Did you lie?
It was.  He won anyway.  She believed the fake news she had it in the bag,  Not enough cheating in PA, MI&FLA
Stop your gloating, @realDonaldTrump! We demand your tax returns. We demand total #Divestiture of business interests & a real #BlindTrust.
you demanded a recount, and there you have it. Poor  little lefties still upset. Back to your safe space.
first person to actually call on a safe space was trump in a theater. Lol.

you have no answer to that so you send a picture like a 4 year old

I know. Stop picking on pence...wahhh.  Boohoo. I'm a rough guy but I cry all day. Wahhhh

and Detroit found huge voter fraud for HC counting votes 6 times - had to stop counting in 3 precincts
Nothing needed to be said, but your focus is on ego-driven announcements. Time for you to talk about: Aleppo, racism, etc.
Talk about Aleppo?  By the time he's in, it'll be in ashes.
mashallah

Electoral landslide!!!
except that it wasn't- not even close
Hillary's wins in CA, NY, MA, MD & VT compromised by the fact that those states are way out of step with the country as a whole.
so you only lost the popular vote by about 3 million. The illegitimate president. Sunkist Stalin.
And Jill Stein got rich doing it, she is just another swamp creature looking to devour hard working Americans!
We knew DT would win & get more votes. Jill Stein should bury her head in the political sand. She is too stupid for words.
Thanks, Putin! Does it hurt when he puts his hand up your ass?
too bad for those states.
you still lost the popular vote and your followers, can't string a readable sentence together.
YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE...BY MILLIONS! MAJORITY IF AMERICANS DESPISE YOU!¡
I would love to see what would happen if there was a revote.
Once you take office, a full investigation needs to be conducted in every state which issues driver's licenses to illegals!
you still didn't win popular vote
@DonaldJTrump45 Yes spineless mutant! Anti Christ...666! U me up n Hell!
I think I'd prefer the Biblical Antichrist. His days were numbered. Literally.

Great, now we can recount California and New York, so we can delete the illegal alien votes from the overall numbers
whoop dee doo
stop trying to surprises the media, you are behaving like a spoiled dictator
You wish, @realDonaldTrump You're a Russian puppet, that's all you are.
it's easy to win when you cheat
All I want 4 Christmas is 2 know our Govt BLM won't be slaughtering 45,000 innocent wild mustang horses.They are historical
You lost the popular vote by millions, you disingenuous windbag.
You're what would have become of that kid from "The Toy" if he'd never met Richard Pryor.
http://www.newsweek.com/2016/12/23/donald-trump-foreign-business-deals-jeopardize-us-531140.html …
does your ass ever get jealous of the amount of shit that comes out of your mouth? asking for a friend
yes,  you getting a couple extra votes is totally more important and hearing about Aleppo.
come back to va beach plz
and still lost the popular vote by more than any other presidential candidate in history.
Extremely cost effective -- picking up votes @DrJillStein paid for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

no you didn't liar
The additional votes apparently came from those uneducated voters who voted twice...
New York and California chose killary bot the entire US you simple fucks
So did Hillary. I think you picked up 130 and she picked up an additional Million. You are the LOSER!
@HoustonWelder Trump must Thank Stein for that as each extra voter who wanted recount cost them maybe $ 40,000 each vote
Hell yeah @DrJillStein didn't help @HillaryClinton give the money back
yea
Actually, Alex Zalben, If you take out California, where Trump didn't campaign, he won the popular vote in rest of country
you won those states because of Putin and Russia blow hard..you catre about Trump andthe kkk
otherwise fine way to set a permanent rate for the Federal Reserve interest
Yes, because your ego needed reinforcement.
grab em by the pussy, don
still not winning the #PopularVote and you never will. Just think, less than half the country likes you. #sosad#PopularVote
We are so very thankful to God that you are President!
of course you did.  It was rigged, just like you said.  RIGHT
That's got to be a kick to the testicles of @DrJillStein . What a sore loser she is.
You still lost by 2.8 million popular votes!!
Congratulations Mr. Trump but don't expect the sore losers to accept the will of the American people.
P51660038       помощь  порыжелым   людям
Electoral votes:46th out of 58 elections. Popular votes: Minus >2.5 million. Certainly no landslide! Stop lying about this!
its a prank
Thank God, thank God in a few weeks and adults will be in charge again and America will breath again!
Don't you just love it!!!
Retards love you 
And you are still losing the vote of the PEOPLE by more than 2.8 MILLION!
I think an accurate census needs done to verify some of Hillary's popular votes besides the dead people,Illegals,multiples.
not enough to win the popular and true vote.
Great news!
YAY!!!
Wouldn't vote for Hillary for g
D
dog catcher
Excellent rally and speech.  I fill more proud of our Country every time I here you speak.
yeah, but a long long way to get 2.8 million and win popular vote.
I'm sure Russia is very pleased with that result puppet. Hopefully electors do the right thing #notmypresident
@JStoddardYoung1
Hey, I thought you were too busy for intelligence briefings. Yet you have time to gloat over a few hundred votes? Sick.
2 million behind, you need them lol
still lying.

You still lost by 2.7 million votes #notmypresident
God has given us a decent man to get things under control. If I may say I hope you use HIM for one of your chief advisors
WRONG! So full of lies. They did not complete the recounts. Hillary picked up more additional votes than you!
I oiled think you would want to count ALL votes to be really confident
Im from PA and I def didnt vote for you. Your still pandering to rural areas. Its sad because you will never get respect.
so did Hillary
Wow! #tremendous #fact Trump the worst-performing winner in the popular vote since 1876. #landslide
oh really? Did your imaginary friends tell you that Donny?
... but the system is corrupt , don't know where I heard that .......,
U lost the popular vote by MILLIONS. DEAL WITH IT SNIFFY! The majority of the AMERICAN ppl DIDN'T want YOU 4 their Pres!
Thank you so very much Mr. President elect, your extreme efforts have saved our country. I know you gave your all.
good thing you were against the recounts
So,  what about still losing nationally to HRC by 3Million + votes? You've won nothing. Putin & crooked RNC put you here.
liar
Please tell us the number of votes needed to pick up to win the popular vote? You’re aware millions more voted for HRC. Sí?
There are still those pesky 2.8 million popular votes though...
And those <<<unverified>>> votes still don't matter.
but you still lost the popular vote by a lot!
Jill Stein is not only used by Hillfoot but is a grifting profiteer of monies pilfered from willing idiots who need playdoh
Hillary has still beaten you in the popular, Donald.
President Trump is Awesome, with him we will get America Back and he will bring jobs back to the United States 
The left are pathetic, that we have to go through this abuse.
only if we could do a recount in California. I would bet at least 5 million Illegals voted for Hillary.
Mommy and daddy must be so proud of their little Donnie
Don't gloat. Be kind.
Yeah you wish you won the right way. We will never call you anything but #TraitorTrump #RussiaHacking #fakenews
This is crazy where is the law and order I hope it happens soon when you become president the media is driving me nuts
This is just so true I just have to turn it off every time I look at CNN and MSNBC and Fox just junk
To bad you ego is bigger than your brain,or you would be taking all this seriously Not a game running a country
You won!  Get over it.  Are you feeling like you didnt deserve to win?
you didn't win PA they didn't permit the count
so why did you oppose the recount?  Sounds like you were afraid Why?
yelp but not 2 million
Congratulations for being the First President to win Wisconsin twice...
You can thank your buddy Putin.
you liar! Cheater, puppet to the Moscow criminal Putin Do th right thing, resign before you kill our nation #notmypresident
.@realDonaldTrump : You still lost to a girl by 2.7 million votes!  Eff you and your so-called mandate!  .@KellyannePolls
Stopping Veteran Suicide In Its Tracks With A Therapy Dog!
https://www.gofundme.com/47os30      Please Visit and Support Us!
still 2.7 million less than your opponent and you will be a one term loser #inexperience #Clueless
Talk about Karma!
Still about 2.85 million votes shy of being THAT kind of popular.
no surprise there. Jill stein slush fund
Still only 2,800,000 more pick ups before a landslide in the popular vote..................................HUH?
you are destroying America
Our smart people says different.
Trump Issues Threat To Electoral College Members Who Don’t Vote For him. Scared??
You Mr Trump make me sick with fear !
What is wrong with you??? You need to grow up fast! Your a Russian puppet and don't even know it!!!!
they should have recounted CA. They would have actually found something. But they know if would benefit trump
Donald Trump violated federal law by trying to extort Electoral College members
Toxic Troll Trumpster and his insane deplorables supporters  are the Zombie apocalypse
But not enough to Trump Hillary's 2,800,000 vote win over you.
The only thing "certified" is that you are a nut job.
