Z I love you, but you are being that stereotypical liberal that is acting annoying tbh..
why because I focus on facts on not bullshit??? I mean cmon bro....
polls are biased, everything Hilary said that wasn't bashful towards trump were lies, and trump was exaggeratin
when did I mention polls dude... I'm talking about facts to back up policy...
you mentioned it earlier to me, and Hilary's policies are ridiculous
please stop being ambiguous... Be specific... So in sum, you support racism, TTEcon, Warmongerer, someone with 0 experience
if you were listening to the debate, trump never stated any racist slurs. Hillary did try to manipulate the audience though
you aren't tweeting damnit! Stop!
I had to leave the neighborhood I lived in because of all the crime so tell me why it was so bad there?
what neighborhood
Center Point,Alabama. Me & my son moved there for my job and I have never seen anything like it. Almost got shot first month.
wow that's sad. glad you're okay and living well. there are some dangerous places. I grew up in Newark, NJ. Still work there
I don't know why it's like that but it is true that most black neighborhoods r dangerous especially for whites.
well there are whites in Newark everyday. I work with them. I'll be at a law firm in Newark tomorrow with a white gentleman
Of course that's very true and I have close friends that r black but right now race relations r worse then ever.
criminals have guns illegally.If you don't stop & frisk how you going 2 stop the murder they going 2 do with it
Yours is a statement of a person speaking out of their arz
BS! #TheResistance
on a serious note I could not look at you during the debate
so with you they will stop killing black people?
@GOP If your lips are moving, then you LIE LIE LIE! Another paid photo op! Cash the checks first!
The police support a sexist, racist, narcissist. At least now we know why many people don't trust some of them very much.
And what about the Mexican-Americans that you call rapicts?
@carolfhandy NBC CBS  CNBC MSNBC Bloomberg all now reporting big Clinton win "She crushed Trump"
NOT my reaction. Why is their opinion more valid than mine?
@Eagle_Vision @flame4him
does Trump even see the disgust for him here?
Ironically these same  police you claim to stand support may have to arrest you at some point for some sexual offence!!!
you'll stand with police but not our veterans who come home with PTSD? Wow. Cute. Such a GREAT candidate.
@CollegeForTrump Police need to be respected by the politicians otherwise chaos will ensue. Shame on Obama and his cronies
THAT'S GREAT MAYBE WE CAN TEACH THEM TO DE- ESCALATE INSTEAD OF MURDER
Cuba, Cuba, Cuba
photo shopped I can see the outlines poor job. Try to hire professionals.

U.S. police chiefs blast Trump for endorsing "police brutality" http://wapo.st/2vhaao3 
what about Standing Rock?? First Nations #NoDAPL#????
@mrsleahashley #proptech #justplainfolks
@GOP a bunch of radical white trash terrorist!
out of control cops are killing people. Don't wonder why cops are being killed. I am a Trump Supporter from day one.
Sure you will, because you are white. Hell, maybe they will let you shoot a minority!
DO YOU STAND WITH AVERAGE AMERICANS AND PAY TAXES OR ARE YOU TOO SMART?  SHOW THE TAX RETURNS
TAX DOLLARS CREATE MORE POLICE. PAY YOUR TAXES. IF YOURE SO RICH PAY WHAT YOUVE NOT PAID.
it is sad cops are a target
you just eluded to needing more gun control. You're no more pro 2nd amendment than HRC is. Say bye to getting votes now 
glad someone else heard him say that!! We'll see what the #NRA says now.
he will deny it tomorrow morning (even though he said it on TV). 
he'll deny and the double down, then deny again!
wait how you tweeting mid debate ?
he's got a tweet not in his hair
bot

Nice job! Trump finally masters the dog whistle.
You are going to make America safe again. I feel safer already knowing that you will defeat crooked Hilary.
is this is the exact reason why you will not have the black vote African-American vote other vote
No you won't 
Bahahahaha
@JJBACH77 (except the ones who aren't white men)

Law and Order: Targeting Police could be considered a hate crime. http://ushealthyadvisor.com/alabama-passes-bill-considers-attack-officer-hate-crime-support/ …

God Bless you Mr. Trump. Our next President
don't you mean all white Americans? #writingchecksthatwontbecashed
.. Forget about protecting islams ..Soon you're going to need to make the decision ..You are muslim, or you are surely not.
clinton heeft ze in burger toch
Zie mijn face
ja die heb je meer dan nodig
no uou don't trump you only stand behind you.
If u r w police, then destroy term Implicit Bias. Police & Americans do not need mental retraining of our thoughts!
Even the police who kill unarmed black people??
did you not cower in the presence of the president of Mexico?  Yeah you did!  Not one word about them paying for your wall
See you in Hell!
@GOP yea as long as we are paying your share of taxes cabbage head
Hello Mr.Trump, My name is Laura. I have some words of wisdom, bold,crazy,move on my part, I trust God ♡
@dolcenovembre12 Nous sommes tous rassurés 
Hope y'all Americans pay your taxes right and proper to keep these good people in their jobs.
@TrumpApproved go Trump beat the Clintons
then pay your taxes!!!
#ComradeTrump #russiaUSA
not one African American I see
What about the victims of police trigger happy?
No black Police around?
riiiight. Or. Just the ones you're vetting?
However, @realDonaldTrump AKA #DonTheCon the "multi" #BILLIONAIRE #refuses to show US his #taxes & that's "not being..." #Transparent

you are the type of president we need this is why you better than Hillary and Obama
Gotta have that Law and Order to control the blacks. They are the true deplorables.
GREAT JOB D TRUMP..And to all police you have to weed out all the evil cop's.ALL OF OUR LIVES DEPEND ON IT.!!Please WAKE UP
let's talk "police brutality" @realDonaldTrump ... since you know sooooo much about the black communities that you or hillaryous never visit
Cops Confronted by Crowd After Officer-Involved Shooting http://www.nbcnews.com/video/cops-confronted-by-crowd-after-officer-involved-shooting-774668867883 …
why no black people in uniform 
#tremendous liar
l simply say " go Donald"
you foolish man, body shaming is a No No! How can America trust u. Ur flip floppy and you always put on a front. #YOURMEAN
Really?  Even African Americans, Hispanics, women, Muslims.  This I've got to see.
and you should, Hilary's does not support police or military. Just listen to her respose. She is so disingenuous
yep, kill all the negros!
...All be  OK...4yor  way..!   ONLY  GOAN  RIGHT !!!!!

Polls Are In On Debate,Donald Trump Will Save U.S.A. Hillary Clinton Defeated,In Ten Major Polls ! https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/780796008854876160 …
except for women, blacks, muslims, gays, etc
great job on the debate Trump. She is very hard to watch. You are so strong. I couldn't have stood next to here for so long
Mr. Trump, did you see the ear receiver in killerys  left ear.? I think she was getting instructions from some one.
Crooked says our hero's in blue need retraining not support. She can never understand #wethepeople in fly over country.
Not supposed to wear white after Labor Day.  Did Melania forget to set your clothes out for you?
@MonaSalama_ What about your nephew with Cerebral Palsy? You didn't want to protect him.
*just not the black ones
should have responded to Clinton on tax returns I emailed them to you, maybe part of the 33000 you http://deleted.Lol 
Except when the gunfire starts then I'll run and hide in the plane...
.@realDonaldTrump Where is the criminal sheriff Joe Arpio?
what about that Tulsa guy who got shot with his hands up though?
And Hillary hidden, destroying documents.
MAY MAN BE AS HE WAS BORN TO BE, FREE AND INDEPENDENT! JFK. MAGA! IM WITH YOU TRUMP110%. JUSTICE FOR HRC CRIMES A MUST! THX
you will dismantle civil rights and persecute racial and religious minorities. #fascist #liar #loser
As opposed to his opponent!!
Whos the fat guy in the middle
@HillaryClinton Yes, Americans first. Not Foreigners, NOT ISLAM KILLERS.
and by "ALL" Americans, are you including people of color?
Thank you Mr. Trump, I also stand with the police, and am proud of their dedication and bravery.
Yayyyyyyy
your a true Mr trump. That's why the white and Jews will work hard to ensure that you fail.
I love the photo!
You are the best, Donny! So are our policemen!!
Amen! God bless our police, troops and any law enforcement who is in threat of the line of fire.
THE PHOTO REPRESENTS A MISSED OPPORTUNITY 4 OUR GREAT LAW ENFORSEMENT HEROS, TO TAKE U INTO CUSTODY AND TO A MENTAL WARD!!!
Police & the people are one in the same. Ben Franklin said country would fail & fall to Kings without morality & order.
hammer down......
you must become president ! When the wicked rule the people mourn! Speak the truth expose all this is your chance!
Safe Zones to protect inner city Americans. America First
You'll stand by police and protect WHITE Americans, and throw the rest of us to Genocode?! Deplorable!
Donald:ask your iPhone 2show u a picture of Howdy Doody: put it on a billboard: next 2 it a pic of Hillary: they look alike
that's the point of the protests, they protect some and seem to shoot others who are scary bad dudes
and this deplorable stands with you!!!
How?
Becareful what you tweet Karma might show up... "ALL Americans"
All Americans? Even ones that are Muslim?
.@realDonaldTrump No Thanks!
Yes you do and you need to turn it back around on Hillary!!!
yeah yeah ego Believe thise??
@can071782. God bless Go Trump
why do you want Latina Americans to go away?
@DanScavino hammer home how Obama and Hillary have lead us to these dangerous times, domestically & internationally.
FOOLS! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA
I stand with you!
how much did that cost you?
That's what we want.  Thank you!
WE ALL LOVED YOU LAST NIGHT, DONALD TRUMP AND YOU WILL BE OUR NEXT PRESIDENT. THIS IS GREAT. SEE YOU AGAIN OCT. 9
my family stand with Trump and the police always!
unless they are poor,black or Latino, correct?
Trump2016
nope, just white ones. Huh, Donald?
Who protected your wives from you?
@realDonaldTrump
@fayingegneri
@glennbeck  Glenn, more current information 4 you & t Stooges 2 read. Trump won. USA needs him
@tmlivy56 
Great Job , go after ObamacareLESS as Hilkary wants to build on falling structure
But not pay any tax, never, because I am so smart  @geertwilderspvv
@HillaryClinton  @realDonaldTrump A buffoon as commander-in-chief?!?  Think about it America!  #Election2016 #Debates2016 #dumpTrump
but the police are the ones killing people
if president Obama is not American, I can safely say that ALL black people are non-Americans?
Did you see Hillary wearing a device last night. She was! We saw the box under her clothes ! Watch the video
#loser
make America great again
I'm a women, a mother, very well educated, and a cop and I'm voting for #realdonaldtrump
#BlueLivesMatter
You realize that police are hired service to escort your motorcade? How nice you've paid them for their picture
Need mor temp and practice Focus how ppl will benefit, lies, security, illegals, refugees, debt, terror. Put her in defense
@getpastit5 
You better read the Constitution and Bill of Rights first. You're going to swear an oath to protect and defend them.
you let her off on emails you should have circled back ever time she accused you of stuff. Plus Benghazi ?? WTH?
The best way to make a change would be repeal the New Deal.Restore the balance of power in our courts restore common law.
they don`t stand with you
hahahahah
Stop and frisk made life much more dangerous for them. You don't care. You just want their vote.
the police are killing people!!!!
you mean except the ones you don't like....
Hillary is like a speed bump or wreck and you late for work
Thank you for your unwavering support of our #policeFamily, #Veterans, and #Military.  #RedFriday
@DAccampoFamily soundbite bullshit. HRC does the same...pls learn to see thru the bullshit on both sides
2words military deferment  ya right mrStiff
Proud of those deprorables! God Bless you officers!
I noticed you couldn't ans to that assertion.
You have not articulated your stands either. Think you are just hype!
why we love this guy!!!!!!!!
If truly yr policy then was to stonewall African Americans, your Racism wil have gone a notch higher. Clinton is right!
that's enough for me
how?
then pay the 25 million you stole from nj, own up to your criminal past. #crookeddonaldtrump

Except for blacks Mexicans overweight woman overweight men those you don't find aesthetically attractive for starters SAD
Where are your taxes?
RIGHT, YES INDEED, EXACTLY, ABSOLUTELY!!!.....#MAGA!!!...TRUMP-PENCE 2016!!!!!!
Are those your real thumbs?  Tiny! Sad!
CNN Analysis Totally Biased....who knows how much out of  $150 millions Of Advt.Budget of Hilliary Passed Hands

bizdev
