yeah the spelling was the problem fam
get to the inner cities---keep it up!  Expose the Dems for who they are--not only the dems but most of Washington!
Maybe correct the message rather than just the typo.
they wont but okay lmao
@realDonaldTrump
"#SaysWho?"
You are the law and order candidate. We can take back our streets and our safety#TrumpPence16#NeverHillary#MAGA
why did you delete the original post misspelling his first name?
Your African-American polls are literally the worst in modern-day polling. Don't lie to the people like this.
watch your language when talking about hillary or anything, people are watching and listening. We need you
shut your dumb ass up
available to talk and learn about the other sides pov. I'm pro trump and clearly you aren't. Plus you're
@Danielsan420 @ditzkoff If the misspelling didn't matter, why'd he correct it?
buddy you're a lame-o.
because of a drive by shooting ?
This is not how it happens in a daily basis as you think. Go into the black community and learn about it before commenting
I'm screaming... EVERYTHING IS NOT ABOUT YOU. Shame on you. You will never be president of USA. And I thank God for that!
God bless Dwayne's cousin and family! Time to restore law & order in our inner cities, provide outreach & community help 
You retweeted this, but forgot to add your sympathies for the family. #DonaldTrump
You are so desperate it's SAAAAADDDDD!!!!!!!!! #ImWithHer #StrongerTogether #NeverTrump #Drumpf
oh. i get it. you had to spell the name properly. nevermind the fact that THE MESSAGE is the problem, not the spelling.
Dwyane Wade in Chicago, had a meeting to see how his branding can help shootings and his cousin was  shot dead
serious..
low even for you. #HaveYouNoShame?
Why is it that no matter how bad the situation is, you always make it political. Grow up dude.
don't you have ANY sense?! Where is your compassion for their family?! AND RESPECT!!!! @DwayneWade3 sorry for your loss!
@realDonaldTrump
Did you seriously post the same thing, except to make sure you spelled the damn name right this time? Pathetic.
Anyone who cares about gun violence should look elsewhere, this is all a joke to @realDonaldTrump. In his own words:
There’s only one candidate with real solutions to reduce gun violence in America.
Yes, Hillary Clinton.
really, is there a brain under that wig? Amazingly insensitive and clearly unsuitable
Gun violence is NO JOKE, @realdonaldtrump. Moms want a president who takes it seriously. #MomsDemandHillary
Only one candidate has offered sensible solutions to end gun violence. #MomsDemandHillary
Only one candidate falls down, has public seizures, lies, cheats, defends rapists, takes money from countries that oppress women
You're going to need reconditioning after Hillary wins election Moms! FoxNews n Hannity are playing u for a fool!
Still courting "the black" vote Donny?You will need longer arms , bigger hands . Won't happen
with his tweet he went from 8% to zero. He's disgusting!
Hes actually a pretty good dude give him a chance
he's had a year ? Enuf
Give him a lil bit longer. Try actually hearing him out before hating him right off the bat 
I was born at night, not last night. Off the bat? It's been over a year. What are u talking any?
Well I take it u both hated him right off the bat cuz otherwise you woulda heard him out this whole time
. @realDonaldTrump No we won't. How dare you exploit this to try and elevate yourself. You're literally the worst person alive right now.
Pure Dumpster Juice.
.How insensitive can you be??? You prove yourself to be out of touch at every turn.
At least he speaks out.
So what? Speaking+ranting ALL THE TIME when u have nothing but idiotic, hateful things to say is NOT a plus.
If it was true. He is the only one who will build a wall. The only one who will deport illegals. Bring jobs
how's he going to get land permits? How is he going to wall up the Rio Grande. It's illegal
The border wall will be on the border.
the rio grande is on the border
If he builds a wall and let's ICE do it's job it will be fine.
Mr. Trump, what are you hiding in your tax returns? http://bit.ly/2bGALC3 
You got that right!  She should be in prison!
Not anymore

Not even a thought and a prayer this time?
No, that comes after. First he has to make it all about himself.
This is a new low even for you. You are inhuman. Utterly despicable.
AT LEAST HE WASN'T MENTORED BY A RACIST

Straight from HER OWN mouth in 3,2,1...

https://twitter.com/SubjectPolitics/status/768956600094777344 …
@SubjectPolitics @AnnCoulter Oh for...Byrd denounced the Klan, admitted err. Endorsed by NAACP
PS: I'm sure @HillaryClinton "tripped & fell" into this shoe polish, huh?
Sigh...
NOT FALSE &neither is THIS. Even her slogan matches his.
Believe what you want Political Imp.  Sorry the truth hurts
If these Idiots actualy Watched your conferences they would know you were very respectful To Dwyane Wade and his Family.
Did you see first tweet? So blind that you believe anything. Shouldn't have mentioned Wade Family at rally.
Take your meds... something is wrong with you. I'm out. Don't tweet again. Have no use for ppl without a clue
You don't control me..
we don't like u
thankyou all my brothers your heart is americian we are colorless in God's eyes may he bless us all
Its a drug war on our streets....close the border
Sorry they didn't vote Trump. You got the lowest African-American totals ever!
you are using dead bodies for political gain-YOU ARE THE WORST
You're right. Vote democrat instead. Chicago is doing GREAT
still waiting to hear any actual suggestions from Donald-will be the first time whenever he chooses to do so
On what?
on what @realDonaldTrump would do to actually help the people he's now trying to pander to
End TPP, end immigration, get rid of Obamacare, re negotiate trade deals, keep out illegals
Bruh Donald Trump is racist. You voting for him I can tell because of it
Personally @realDonaldTrump lost my vote when he made fun of the disabled back almost a year ago
You IMPLY they possessed those GUN LEGAL?  Criminals DON'T follow GUN LAWS!!! They weren't supposed to posses 1
what do you consider gun sense? I know what liberals think. Total out right ban.
Using a tragic death for political points? Delete your candidacy.
yeah fuck those elected democrats for wanting to keep people from getting shot.
Trump doesn't care about black people, let's be intellectually honest here. Where was his outrage b4?
not in a lifetime and he has the track record to prove it.
used illegals to build Trump Tower, when it was time 2 pay them #DonTheCon threatened 2 deport them
but trumps a racist lol
Google: birtherism, Central Park 5 and trump apartment lawsuit, oh and just listen to him spk
Way to try to get votes by using the death of another, you hellbeast.  You're disgusting.
Obama and Clinton politicize shootings all the time. http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/255723-obama-mass-shootings-should-be-politicized …
Trying to solve a problem that shootings represent not politicizing.Using shooting 2 get votes for you, is.
They're both trying to get support for themselves & their policies. Both are doing the same thing. More excuses
Trump hasn't proposed anything to help anyone but himself and people like him.
His policies for blacks include enforcing immigration laws so low-skill blacks can compete. School choice also.
School choice is privatization of a public good that shouldn't be for sale.
Its actually helpful for bright low income students, many of which are minorities, to escape failing schools
"my condolences, what a tragedy, vote trump?" Way to take advantage. Sad, some of these idiots believe you. #VoteJohnson
did you really tweet this twice?

@realDonaldTrump
blacks need to vote for Trump to save their children and create a better life. Democraps have proved they will not try.
Considering Trumps past I don't think our children are safe with him
Your so wrong. TRUMP IS R CHILDREN'S ONLY HOPE.
a man who would rape a 13 yr old girl does not belong in the WH but behind bars
shows right here, #AmnestyDon just sees African Americans as votes! Plain & Simple #TheSoftening #notwithyou he doesnt care
you're going to get squashed you delusional twat
- Check out http://RSBN.TV  for all Rallies Trump, Diamond and Silk, Pastor Burns, Etc.. Enjoy!
thanks, but I'd rather chug cat vomit than support the tangerine turd in any way.
what a narsacistic tweet
I have seriously never met anyone as dumb as you
why? So you can kill them all?
wha.. #OMGDJT!! Polls say your chances of winning finally climbed up to the mid-teens. Ready for another free fall?!
we will not vote trump. Log out and delete your profile. Thanks
tasteless.
Is "just what I have been saying" the new "appreciate the congrats?" Gross.
Your getting more criticism than the state and city politicians of Illinois & Chicago, Unreal.
why the hell would you say this?
not likely!
you're a #malignantNarcissist  NOT ABOUT YOU!  #RACISTTRUMP
Only regret I have about Trump’s tweet about D. Wade’s cousin getting killed is that the killer didn’t target Donald Trump.
Your right on point! What the pusdy libersls try and dpin this 10 different ways!They know they are hoingbto lose this time
America will #Vote4Trump by the #Millions
#WearRed on #ElectionDay 2 show support & your #Vote4Trump
have a day off 
Getting pretty ugly Mr. T
this is a sick and twisted correlation and you should be ashamed of yourself. for future reference, it's RIP, not "vote XYZ
You are the most disgusting man alive, again you make a bad situation about you… and how right you are.
no they will not lmao
the candidate of real law and order! The black community needs your help and real jobs!
@blindmellojelly
 Save your breath. Revenicko doesnt have the intelligence to understand the truth. Too much kool aid
Dream on if you think blacks are planning to vote for you! Don't you think they know what you did to them at your rallies!
@BIGg00929 Yeap ur so right
oh my god you are funny!!!!
When people turn to illegal drugs, alcohol abuse, etc. They are self-medicating, their own problems and despair. No hope.
Dumbass
no class
where's the correlation you overripe mango?
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
"Hillary Clinton is a bigot who sees people of color only as votes, not as human beings"... Interesting, hmm...
a mother was killed in a democratic city.   No one cares but you.   Continue to speak out .  Where's Hillary, Sleeping
how on earth do you walk a baby?????
insensitive ...typical
 he really thinks black people are going to vote for him. I'm sure a few sell outs will that's all.
you're an imbicel 
we all know what u mean but bottomline,make sure changes happens for African Americans. #Senselesskillings
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump
Yesterday, I went to tweet you & ask what stupid thing you've done today, but then saw this tweet. Way to send condolences!
Dear social media manager,

Change. The. Password. So your boss can't tweet.

Sincerely, America
No thanks
You're just despicable and heartless. No one in their right mind would tweet something like this. Do you think?
too late. Whatever to help your clanpaign.
...is it dementia?
What does this mean? So if black people are shot and killed the others will vote? R u shooting them so they vote for you?
Trump wanted  innocent black youth that were wrongly charged in the Central Park attack be jailed after their exoneration!
don't use this to gain votes. missing a sensitivity chip, don't you think mr.trump?
AND PEOPLE WILL STILL VOTE FOR HIM WTF
No decency, no dignity, you are a stain on this great country.  Your bigotry and hate filled campaign will be consigned to
And when you speak this truth the left goes nuts because in their view only they can talk about Blk on Blk gun violence
@dragonian3333 please help black communities Mr Trump! Democrats have had long enough to help if their hearts really want 2
he's mourning his loss and you want to use this as your campaign you make me sick , I swear I'm moving if your president
& this idiot MaryKay Linge from NYPost claims you spelled "Dwyane" incorrectly...WTF Miss Linge:YOUR hate is obvious, Liar
you're a smart man
Crazy Crash Donald
Well to go #AmnestyDon!  Not!  Sure way to turn off the voters you say you want.
There's your "trumped" up idea of the 2nd Amendment hard at work.  But then, you can't think critically can you?
#tantrumtrump NRA wont like that u are for gun control or is this just another lie
#yourprofilepixlookslikeyouretakingashit
what a guy you are.  Using a woman's death to ask for votes.  You really are the #ANTICHRIST!
A new low, even for you. You are repugnant.
Smart ones will those deceived may never unless your elected and then some who love to hate whites will never
R-majority congress approved foodstamp cuts, fed job cuts, USPS job cuts, EDU cuts, raise veteran req: AFFECTED many blacks
?????
not me 
Donald Trump you are pretending now as if you care about blacks, because you want their votes. You did not care before,
It is more proof that crime is everywhere and can affect anyone.  We MUST have LAW & ORDER! #Trump2016
they will save america man please
How could YOU have prevented that. Big mouth with no solutions. Everyone sees through you
one question to Hillary will she give access to a terrorist into her office if he pays donation to her foundation
you are the best Mr Trump
disgusting using this tragedy to garner votes
@realDonaldTrump
Stunned that media focuses on a tweet rather than Trump's focus on ending violence that results in death of a young mother
As only a true Narcissist could do, you make a terrible tragedy about you! SMH!!!
WTF is wrong with you?
really?
@DonCheadle the ones who are tired of the same old crap and the destruction of their neighborhoods will!
see the number of likes to this tweet, Donald?  That's about how many votes you're going to get nation-wide come November.
Wrong way to handle. Incident not about you. Wrong to make it a political cause. Should apologize.
another opportunistic and cheap outreach! What a disappointment
besides being a horrible decision, your tweet makes no sense at all.  You're a disgusting person.
u r an ignorant, inhumane ass with no human compassion, and NO CLASS. Money does NOT buy everything, not class anyway!
skipped his meds again.
dumb fuck
"what difference does it possibly make?" "black men in hoodies are scary!" --HRC
Inappropriate, offensive, unfeeling, unbalanced. Shame on you for trying to politicize a family's tragedy to benefit YOU.
it's ALL about you, isn't it? You are an inhuman narcissist.
And you're exactly right. The cause of this despicable event is the poverty and criminals in our cities.  we need change
Put him in an AD with his cousin's story and how you would fix the law and order system.
yeah so you can go "open season" to discriminate against anyone who is not white and living in bad neighborhoods?
why?
Your  ompassion is underwhelming
Deport ALL illegals because even better behaved illegals will keep burdening our country financially by being on welfare.
I think the root problem of urban areas is economics, and encouragement that it is culture. When in fact it is not.
the man who is hated by the entire world except KKK who he trying 2 make mainstream2cricjets from @USCongress @UsMedia
IM African American and I'm not voting for you 
WTF are you talking about?    What in hell does this have to do with African Americans voting for you? Insensitive!
the difference in you and Hillary Clinton. She knew that it was inappropriate to say anything. Her "Silence is golden"
You truly are terrible...
Please do us all a favor and take the bullet intended for the next victim.
By all means politicize others pain for your gain! Bottom feeder.
How do you sleep at night?  This sort of political opportunism is horrifically sinful.  It is beyond the pale.
OMG, using this tragedy as a campaign sound bite?  I'm not surprised; you are subhuman.  Cheeto impersonator.  #imwithher
your tweet on Dwayne Wade's cousin being killed is a reason to vote Trump was a bit cold. Show your warmer side w/apology
I'm a black man 55 years old.and will never vote for D Trump  no black  in their right mind should. Everything 2 loos!!
Does not make any sense.
I support your comment because you were just trying to show how damaging Democrates have been to inner cities. Trump 2016
Just when intelligent Americans didn't think you could sink any lower.....disgusting
You aren't fit to be a human being.
No tweets about black babies being shot til @HillaryClinton lead...black vote not that stupid @realDonaldTrumpweak attempt!
keep thinking that shit
