he never succeeded before, why start now?
Trump has failed at everything and failing now
i hope she will continue all of Obama's great work as well as get immigration reform and women's right to choose
the alternative is to support racism and bigotry
HRC said she can't stand the insane behavior of Trump Supporters...wow, does she not like being called out for her 

It's sad that Trump and Republicans have turned myths into fact and facts into myth.
we would also be better off if you weren't our president but you won't accept that you dense walnut
When a POS like this makes more sense then top cop sorry you fools in USA deserve what you got coming. @CTFleaMarkets
call it tough love I want better for my sister and her kids in Flint then Trump Or Hillary.
well none of us "deserve" this.. We have no power..
WRONG you have the power and as long as you accept you do not then you willingly walk off the cliff
enjoy your last ever week thinking you'll be president pal
true talk
Absolutely right! Obama only cared about his legacy, he was willing to elect another member of the Clinton Crime Family to protect it.
Who runs a casino and goes bankrupt? Oh yeah, YOU
@IndigoHawthorne  Obama did screwed up so badly our entire population of American citizens unanimously voted for Trump!
Trump never lies the WP and NYT always lie
'fans' want change in Gov, don't realize Trump is for the Worse not Better. Trump IS white collar TRASH corruption in USA.
truth slapsuin the face& u choose not to believe #Benghazi #PaytoPlay #DeletedEmails #Obamacare #SpiritCooking
Research Trump Lawsuits, screw overs, court dates, deleted email bullsh*t. HRC is an angel compared to #TrumpSatan
don't think so has he killed anyone or.......
Everyone and their DOG can smell that bullsh*t!
No really.. google Trump please.
#EveryoneAndTheirDogIsNeverTrump
#inners #PMJoy
.@ErinRHazel .@pds0399 this was a Pulitzer Prize winning research award.....
PolitiFact Is Not independent, they are liberal... and listing Hillary as honest... lies
Everything is Rigged! Better believe Trump. Trump and his make Liberal Democrats the NEW Conservatives
3 vacations in 4 weeks? Great job, ConMan. When do you plan on actually working and digging into an agenda? #Failure
Hahaha!  Classic. Trump talking about working hard. How many rounds of golf you orange gelatinous fool?
only thing that I could agree on.
If u worked as hard at being loyal and decent, u wouldn't have 19 women accusing u of sexual assault.
."If I hadn't worked as hard on stealing the election & trying to protect me, we would all be much better off!"

Fixed it for ya, #Donnie
If Trump worked as hard on straightening out our country as he does trying to protect his cabinet and team..much better off
Birds of a feather...
wish you and family succes tuesday!it has been real eye opener on the biased Tv and newspapers hope we can clean the swamp
Trump is garbage! America ALWAYS has been & ALWAYS will be great. If u hate the USA goto Russia &takeTrump
There's a reason @realDonaldTrump ran as a Republicans... he said:
"They're the dumbest group of voters in the country"
says the person on trial for rape
better recheck that...it's not true.
It was but apparently the defendant dropped the case out of fear of personal safety
I read she lied to the authorities.
Double check that. She literally said last week she was receiving death threats and that she would refrain from revealing her identity
everyone already knew who she was. Her name is Katie Johnson. She knew she lied and got cold feet.
she promised serval interviews and then backed out at the last minute   it was made up
she knew she was lying. I heard the WJC raped her & the plan was to pay her & set up Rep nom.

Thanks, Obama 
@jonfavs Yea, how about put up the real unemployment numbers! Smoke & mirrors, smoke & mirrors!
You obviously aren't that educated if you are voting for him.  Sexual assaults are gonna go up.
Where are stats on that?  I know many drs , nurses, teachers, & lawyers voting for him.   I grad in 1 yr w honors.  What's your edu level?
Masters degree working on PHD.
Know we all wish he could run again.
Imagine if Obama had 5 kids w/ 3 women & was recorded bragging about tryna fuck married women while his wife was pregnant.
he couldn't get anyone else cause Obama is UGLY
If Obama is ugly, which he isn't, what the heck is DT
Think what u want in one hand and shit in the other. See which on fills up faster
Classy just like DT Lol
for sure.... Full of class
You r full of something and isn't class, but it comes out of your azz
jealous much? Haters can hate
WISH EVERYONE COULD SEE THE EXACT TRUTH

too bad I thought they took away your twitter account...,
ugh
Not having you in the White House - or in the national conversation at all - will strengthen the country.
We'd be so much better off if you, Trump, would get out of the race!
Americans, if you love God and your country, vote Trump 65%, Hillary 32% Tuesday. Timony, 08077178498.
your not an American if so pay taxes that you've made off others sweat and blood.  Your worse than any LATINO LOOK IN MIRRO
shut up.  You have no idea what you are talking about
Hillary who?
get serious#IfTrumpWereBlack
if you worked on any real plans you wouldn't have time to complain about someone else's... #realwork


if you stop lying stop and whining like a baby and surround yourself with better people then yes we all would be better off
Dear god man, you are a ledgend in your own mind!

I mean I heard you said you would have sex with your daughter ivanka. But it's ok I guess.
YOU TELL EM SISTER
orange hitler
If you Donald Trump worked at being a decent human , that would be surprising
Obama straightened out the country after Bush!!! Hello. So uninformed
when is Melania being deported ?
of what use are you to humanity? Useless and indebted to foreign banks. You can't be 1/2 of Obama no matter what you do.
he has done more for this country than you ever will. Be a man. Quit your whining.
Men make wife get LOW SS $ when they crippled her so can't work!PLS CHX 2 full benefits coz took SSD SOON= forced Rtrm>@65
or we could screw workers like you have done for years
why you always hating? What have you done besides put people out of work and take money from hardworking taxpayers?
#trucking4truth
$%%%%%$$$$  Hell Yes

and if Drumpf's parents had used condoms...
actually Obama Is One Of the Best Presidents of America's History After Washinton & Lincoln :(
Ab Ki Baar Trump Sarkar
Congrates
you know nothing about the job. The smart people around you can not do the job for you good luck I foresee disaster
u r so right!
America was not ready for a black president..no support...
Do you mean dropping to his knees in front of the unzipped flies of Chaffetz Gowdy and that ilk? You'd like that....
GOOD LUCK SIR.  YOUR IN OUR PRAYERS.
Obama did better than you will ever do
true that, true!
we as American taxpayers should not be paying for our "potus" to be campaigning for either side!!!!
ok god I hate trump why are you running people are stupid to support you you are only out for yourself not them lose please
I believe you will bring back jobs. You are the only candidate that can and will do that
hooray
Totalmente cierto Vote Donald Trump
Very Very many congratulations, have a great day.
Full financial disclosure is one of the requirements to be POTUS. Obama released his taxes. Only fools fall 4 your lies
That's President Obama,  ya orange bastid
I totally agree!!! @
u work hard at promoting yourself company family
you are a hypocrite and need to start acting like a man. Be presidential for Christ's sake.
If you would admit you have no clue, only wanted to run, but know you could never BE President, & resign from race, HooRay!
Bush/Obama IS fraud. If you have time, @StefanMolyneux has fresh HRC Obama crime vid https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnLHoqj-XRM …
you are a fool.
Amen
you're an idiot
supporters, don't ignore the facts, his recorded behaviour and pending lawsuit (Trump Uni). Be informed before you vote.
I like Obama. He seems genuine. I'll miss him as our president. Way better than Bush jr. Hillary will do well too.
tells you everything you need to know about obama
If TRUMP didn't have HATE groups following him, we would ALL be much better off!

Amen!
The old adage that " Birds of a Feather Flock Together!" is so True!
on trial for rape? Lol bum ass no pussy getting ass
Obama forgets how he beat her ...it was pay to play!!!!!
he's been taking care of our country for 8 years whilst you've been on terrible reality tv shows and filing for bankruptcy
Trump overcame at last. Genesis 49:19. Hallelujah!.Akin Timony Taylor, 08077178498. Nigeria, Africa
Judgement day is Nov 8# drain the swamp vote straight down ticket for Republicans support Trump rt
That Muslim was working on another projects,destroying Christianity
the country has never been better, you twit

remember that time you condemned him for going to the correspondents dinner and then the next day Bin Laden was killed?
hey trump how can u fotobomb.a ribbon cuttn.@aids charity ribon cutn.then leave w/no donation?douchemuv
I can't believe the democrats. She will loose AGAIN.
shall oath fear Donald trump brexit euro tea party columnist hard of petroleum products elect portfolio the can built wall.
you mean like the 80 consecutive months of job growth and the 4.9 % unemployment rate?
you ever wonder why Obama campaigns for her. He does not have confidence in her. And he wants America to
if you're POTUS we have to replace the 50 stars on the flag w 50 short buses. #NeverTrump #FuckTrump #SlowassAmericans
You got that  right Sir! Semper Fi !
#wrong
Hours of crooked campaign, 30 seconds of trumps# unfair media
no thanks to the #obstructionism by #Republican controlled #Senate
obama is one of the best presidents we've had. if only you could open your eyes and see.
no truer words could be spoken! You are spot on!!
i agree mr trump i will follow you all the way
PAVAN what the hell!
Curlsolutely
Get the airtime on n=major networks for 30 minutes on Monday night. Speak only issues, forget her. Please go on the air.
HELLARY is trying to build an army of terror here in the US. Using the migrants as refuges. This needs to be stopped us.
if Melania break immigration rules will you deport her as well?

maybe if you worked hard on dying we would have a better candidate
No thanks to the GOP making it their sole job to make sure NOTHING got done. Now they're threatening the same w/ Hillary.
- at least he's not making the country any worse while away from the office. Hopefully.
you look like an extra from" do the right thing" bro
white boy hatred trumps best supporters go you!
can't read??
That's PRESIDENT Obama to you nigga
you need to get yo self check cuz you got a disease and its called lie-abetes
when the Republican run Senate stops everything he tries accept for the bipartisan Obamacare, it is impossible.
says the narcissistic sociopathic misogynistic con man.....
you're jealous that he isn't backing you!  Nobody in their right mind would back you.
yes and she has something on Obama too .
both press & vp on trail, who's running country???
130%  TRUE.
only if he knew what he was doing.
GOP party of obstruction and shut down. Donald you lie, you divide, you are bad.
Move forwards Vote @HillaryClinton
You just hate things being seen with @HillaryClinton , like celebrities and tax returns.
I broke the news 10days ago that the press,church &America society was under Hillary's spirit of Jezebel. 08077178498
You promise 25 mil jobs in US like you promised Scotland 6000.  Only 95 hired in Scotland.  You lie.
just trying to help those who are moving. Nothing personal.
Obama was a loser
He is protecting our country -- from you!
You can't do even a small fraction of what he accomplished
Pleasure to shake Eric's hand on the flight I am on.  Good luck to you, your family and all of us on Tuesday!
if you stopped sucking nuts your breath wouldn't smell like Chris Christies taint
I hope he works hard to order a full FBI IRS investigation of you.
Take a look at the numbers bud! Stop just running your mouth and try living in reality!
Here! here!
gotta win
Donald suck a egg can't carry Obama luggage
while everyone in the US are concerned about the election, I'm here looking to the downfall of a country.
BHO is working overtime to protect Democracy & Decency! Drumf s  Ugly Underbelly of America! He dogwhistles to his minions!
Amazing, the American people are paying him to campaign!
DON'T COME FOR THE BEST BLACK http://PRESIDENT.YOU  JUS MAD BCUZ U NOT HIM
Wednesday you going to be the next president of United States
You are a yellow-journalistic corporate stooge with the compassion of a mite that lives in your toupee. Big words? Figured.
can't wait until America kicks your ass to the curb on Tuesday.
absolute joke, Obama is triple the man you are
I c Obama getting mad at people in nc .  Telling them to shut up and sit down. Who does he think he is clinton friend lol
ASS
@annatoorad very true
you might want to read some real news. POTUS has done more than you can ever think about doing
Perhaps if you paid your taxes the deficit would be slightly reduced and also be able to look after the veterans. Low life.
HE'S WORKED HARDER THAN YOU EVER HAVE "SMALL 1 MILLION DOLLAR LOAN"
my President as an Afghan war vet and ur supporter, we are proud to see this day. God bless u, protect
