
get ur facts straight.  He has paid taxes just used the same loopholes every other smart business man should. Get a life
he hasnt paid federal taxes which help pay for a number of things specially the military
look again.  What it said was that he took a write off off almost a billion dollars.
no it said that he lost almost a billion $ and he got offset his taxes for the next 18yrs
exactly.  And be honest with yourself u would do the same thing.  He has paid taxes. Read it again. Write offs
Instead of golden toilets I would most likely give a hand to those in need. Not Trumpy, oh no.
those in need have a better life than I when I go to the grocery store.  Gotta love food stamps
Does that childcare plan involve groping your daughter?
Probably that's what appeals to his redneck followers/
you're the only ones perverse enough to call a hug a grope - appeals to your prurient tastes
I like my prurient tastes, however I've never had a lap dance from my daughter.
You're evidently quite the pervert ... who thinks everybody else is, too.
Yup, I am indeed a "pervert" and much the happier for it too, but as such I can spot it in others very easily.
No, you IMAGINE it in others. Imagining it is not the same thing as 'spotting' it. Your delusions aren't real.
I'm rarely wrong, and Trump's stock in trade is young and blonde. Even his words show that he lusts after her.
Nope. It's just a bunch of empty promises that you don't know how to implement nor pay for. But good luck with that.
the ones Hillary claims that she did know how to implement never did more empty promises
That's a remarkably incoherent response. Were you the valedictorian in a Trump U Debate class?
do us all a favor learn how to use Twitter so I know what the hell you're talking about
- @AngieDenes is a paid russian trump troll

why do people dislike trump? I don't get it...
Where would our country be if Queen Liar @HillaryClinton had won? Hell maybe.
Trump lies every time he opens his mouth but that is okay with you.  But then again logic is a higher thinking skill that you Trump supporters lack and will never grasp.
Please provide proof of your claim. I can provide proof of @BarackObama lies & his alleged usurped our Constitution. I can provide proof @HillaryClinton lies and broke many US laws, all allegations of course.
I know my President is not perfect, he is human and @POTUS. Reality 
Don't just love it when @realDonaldTrump makes America great again and the leftist credits the usurper @BarackObama. The only good use of Pot is calming the leftist while @realDonaldTrump keeps on #MAGA!
How sad that you need to retweet you own tweets. SMH
I love President Trump, is turning around our Country, #MAGA true Statesman my President is!
Your childcare program is a bunch of bullshit, YOU KNOW IT, WE KNOW IT, EVERYBODY KNOWS IT.  NOW PLEASE FUCK OFF U BIGOT!
https://youtu.be/KsgapaYCs40 
we know what child care means to you. http://www.snopes.com/2016/06/23/donald-trump-rape-lawsuit/ …
A child care plan that was brilliantly put together.. Thank you
Make America Great and the more FREE
stay on sex tapes
like you really care! #thetrainwreckcontinues


jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja i cant laugh in english

Not. Even. Close.
will  the trump  family  pay their share? I guess  that will be asking  more from the smart family

he must be responding to Hillary

At least he gets his meds down,  sour and all...Hillary has serious alethephibia. We think truth makes her ill
you have defaulted in $6 billion in bankruptcy debt, passed off to the taxpayers 
I wouldn't trust you to park my car

This from a person who cut his brothers family medical insurance.
all I see is white.
.@mcuban Pay taxes. http://bit.ly/1j808pF 
that is because trump is a dick less fool that shuts on people and not in the toilet
@DiamondandSilk shit up hillary about the ptsd. My friend has it and thought trump was kind. What has she done for the vets
name one vet hillary helped. Trump you said nothing wrong. We believe ur sincerity. Makes me sick & angry
this is a very liberal plan
tes un bg, hâte de voir ton mur poto, 270 m'y nigga.
tro raison frer
Bullshit it would cost the employer too much money.  Your team doesn't reflect family values.


Especially if you paid taxes
clintons paid 30+% taxes, it's all out in the open. your cheat-o god is a moocher
and your continued attacks on vets has lost you lots of votes
thats the kind good things i wanna hear from you Mr . president
Wow childcare when you cut off medical to your nephew sick baby. What kind of man does that to a baby.Donald for himself
Hillary will win PLEASE Delete your account after.
this says it all
PAY YOUR TAXES! #ImWithHer #NeverTrump
not true
#whitefamiliesfirst
Donald, I  ask you please stick to the issues at the next debate.  Okay? Don't let Hillary bait you again. Or get you angry
can your childcare plan help this young man and his mom?  #AmericaFirst FamilyFirst! http://www.infowars.com/hillary-clinton-had-bills-mixed-race-son-banished/ …
That Plan is already in place. I used it for my child & using it for my parents. So what in his proposal is new.
I reduced taxable gross by 5000.00 on my 1040 schedule A that's Federal. Still got all my rtns as proof. Also allowed summer camp
no, lol, my child's summer camp when she went to camp.
Taxes motherfucker. Do you pay them??
using Tax Loopholes created by our gov't. Do u look to pay more or less? Surely u try to save at tax time
Trump's tax returns will show that he has been paying me for his talking points! #Trump666

@zerohedge Zerohedge.  Lololol!  Her capital loss was less than $1M.  Clintons paid 38% tax rate last year.
Hannity!!!  Turn off Fox Snooze! Go to college!
final curtain coming down
Ivana does not have the look that represents us. Talking about childcare in designer clothes does not away me.
Is it true you put a Trump mask over Melania when you have a hard time achieving an erection? #LyinTrump #ClownTrain
you're nasty
How is that Trump puts a mask over Melania face while have sex? selfsteem high? narcisist?
both! And because, if he could, he'd have sex with himself over anyone else. @AngieDenes
Heard way back in the 90s that he had a dominatrix. Don't know if it's true but it was circulated.
Lyin' trolls @pilg4654, @StopTrumpIn16, @leqendario_ & @AngieDenes are being very mean to me! Just wait til my Trumpen Gestapo is in place!
one of us is taking up for you

And make you a millionaire?  Lucky you.
its the best plan...crooked Hillary only has plans  to steal  shes a crook 
your man
so fucking what, our schools are still shit, healthcare is still shit, vets are still treated like shit
way to spin trump dodge of taxes
U learned from him and his minions. He hates vets. Here is proof
I had this back in 1990. It's nothing new to US. It might be new to his uninformed & ignorant followers.
who ended it
ended what?
you said it was nothing new in the 90s it does not exist
it does and my schedule A shows it. Since when my child was in daycare in 1990's. She's 26.
You're a ConMan!
Do you have hillary shirt?
http://store.infowars.com/Hillary-For-Prison-Ver-3_p_1814.html … This one is great
Pence is anti LGBT, immigrants & women. Kane is a moral man who believes in all people.
Like most of your plans it favors the wealthy!
it's a great idea
my son and I put this on our farm today in Chester county Pa ! Need more boots on the ground !!!!!! Have to win Pa !!!!
your plan is not fair-stop trying to be hillary by buying votes-no one deserves more of a break than anyone else-equality??
everything about you is a scam. Just stop. You are a joke!
More than half of us don't have deductions as part of our taxes. You will only help the people who don't need it. Rip off!
free loader..your tricked the working class of this America, and now you are exposed.
this tweet will "make America great again"

Some idiots up here
ya we all need to get tax accountants like you got and we'll have a shit ton more money #tax evader
but only for "hot moms" right Mr. Trump...because you can't stand anyone unless they are hot.
but they will get fat!
Hillary's child care plan was out a year ago. Donald jumped on bandwagon. Hillary's so much better. It includes husbands.
: Hillary's plan is much better!!!
IF FEMALE UNRECONCILABLE MONSTER, HUSBANDS MUST BE EMPOWERED DO WHAT SEE IS BEST: ENCOURAGEMENT, WHIP, BEAT...ETC..ETC
and where is this plan? Explain yourself..... Pictures don't tell me anything.
Please please don't tweet during VP debate! Don't take away from Your VP debate! Trump and Pence will win! Thank you!

You know that is just another one of our lies
.@realDonaldTrump There you go again. Lying to everyone!!!
awe.. plan from the rich to give to the rich.
uhhh That's comin from the guy that said pregnancy is an inconvenience to employers? Yea Ok
you have no plans. None.
Y do you think ISIS has held up its attacks on the US? If.@HilaryClinton became president ISIS would bring the wrath of God
no presidential candidate has ever really addressed child care hope you make it work! mr. Trump I'm with you.
More B. S.
Like this? YOU REALLY THINK AMERICAN S ARE STUPID, HUH?
No, it wouldn't , actually.
why make fun of Hillary health really
False most working women do not itemize. If u really wanted to help middle class it would be a tax CREDIT.
@stacybrewer18 talking about freedom please remember the #Biafrans #Biafra we deserve to be free
(SOON)
#TRUMP
YES MORE MONEY TO PAY AND MORE FREEDOM TO LOOK FOR A JOB
@ScottPresler all respect, but let's keep our eyes open
How are you paying for this...tax breaks for you and your billionaire friends preclude families...FIX TAXES! Trump
Where is your TAX REFORM PROPOSAL?...So Rich Assbites like you don't  continue to screw The People!
Nice apology. Real smart move mentioning Bill Clinton. What did he have to do with your tape! You're like a two year old.
think hitlery will offer to take NO salary if she wins??
Champ
Let's be honest, @realDonaldTrump.  if elected, you will try to help yourself, your family, your rich friends.  We the people are fu#@ed.
#Hillary has a paid maternity leave plan too. Hers doesn't discriminate against single moms. #Trump
WITH WOMAN SUBMITTING TO HUSBAND AS TO GOD, CHILDREN GET RAISED UP PROPER, FOR A DISFUCTIONAL MUM SCREWS UP THEIR LIVES
a response to Hillary to 25 years fighting for children should be your fighting for everyone
more of this,  less responding to stupid, personal attacks.
maybe you should consider not tweeting anymore.
You have no plan Mr. Trump and your going to look like a clown in the next debate 
will you pay income taxes?
And if you believe that you'll love #DopeyDonald's Traditional #GOP #FamilyFirst Sex Video: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-playboy-porn_us_57eee2fbe4b0c2407cde0fd2 … @GOP
#MLA  mouth like anus
you or your daughter knows anything about the American people and what they need
Trump unqualified to be PRESIDENT
expose her for using very young girls as pawns in her anti Trump ad....despicable!
You are right although I am scared to put my kids in daycare because of what happened to my daughter.
you will not win!
Con man
How do you deduct $5,000 when you pay no taxes to begin with?
@realDonaldTrump
@TheresaMechele @StacyBrewer18 @MomsRising @DanceMoms @momsatwork @MomsDemand @parentsmagazine @GirlScoutsWW @GirlScoutsNYC
it's all unraveling. Prep your concession speech.
You will never understand the struggle of middle class families your rich or so you claim you are, CON ARTIST!! #NeverTrump
TY Donald J Trump
no it doesn't
https://twitter.com/Dr_Scooter/status/766713409563832323 …
WOW; just WOW!!!
your childcare helps the WEALTHYNot the families that need it!You have no idea how normal families live.different than you
Answer 2 tax questions.  What American sends extra,do Americans not take every deduction http://possible.you  could've changed them

you know the Electoral College will vote in Hillary, so you just go on your tirades and stir up negative campaigns
#FollowPence's style#win2debate#do not tweet garbage,copy no one&focus what matter#first30min werePerfect,GoOn the same way
Baby mama's dream. I still don't know why black mom's don't see Trump doesn't represent GOP he reps greatness
It's a great plan as are your tax, immigration, and economic plans! I'm voting for u on the issues #MAGA #TrumpPence16

So clear, light&pleasant Message.Thanks for good job. People are delighting me by positive roles in families. Thanks for US
Does your #familyfirst plan involve fathers lusting after daughters? Or just three marriages and numerous infidelities
That is great I haven't heard any Senior Benefits from either candidate. They have paid into the system for all their life
LOL your plan is for the rich!  You have no idea what NORMAL people lives are like.  Neither do your silver spoon kids
Kane is Rude
Where does the funding for this come from?

@PanhandleExit    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8tRM_TzVI8 … Governor Jan Brewer Brings Down The House At Trump Rally In Arizona 10/4/16
"drug trafficking organizations in South America&western hemisphere now extending in Asia Pacific sir.."
Fake Democrat? Or real fraud? #TrumpTaxReturns
it works for the rich like everything else about you
http://www.redbubble.com/people/yashillz/works/22641283-baby-trump-with-putin?asc=u …
Donald don't start talking about issues now.    Simply let HRC implode by her own accord.   Issues killing u.   Not good.
Your the man, liberal rhetoric will not sway my vote. We have faith in you
BS
wrong
if you will build the great wall along the USA-Mexico border, that will be the greatest touriest spot in the world
Not as much as Hillary's!! and not as well thought through!!
why not just stop paying  taxes altogether #whatwouldDonalddo
It's a liberal progressive plan.
umm,  @HillaryClinton is much better.  http://HillaryClinton.com/issues . Check it out!  #blacklivesmatter #jillnothill #ImWithHer 
Jesse Watters made a great Point get off the fence when she strike Strike Back hard then answer the moderator's question
KellyAnne took your phone away again, didn't she?
the 1st and foremost purpose of GOVERNMENT, to control suppress the danger, eliminate the ARM & Dangerous for public safety
Freedom?? How so?
I PRAY YOU WIN!!! #TrumpPence16 is the only chance we have to save the USA!
AMEN!
only if that working family is already rich, But hey you keep lying, we expect it
youre out of touch with reality.
What are the plans?
HILLARY CLINTON IS NOT THE SOLUTION...SHE IS THE PROBLEM !
