We are behind you!!!!
http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/?ex_cid=rrpromo#now …
It's not all rednecks. Texas cities are actually evolved and have brains.  Don't kid yourself.
I've lived in Dallas. LOTS of friends there.  LOTS of DEMOCRATS!  Darlin
Glad we agree.  HAve a great day!
Gotta love your extreme vetting.
@DuckieDD2 @realDonaldTrump and this is the campaign that is not based on Insults? Really?
How is that an insult????  It's his tweet.  If only you could see what Trump ppl tweet me....
Trump's tweeted plenty of bizarre insults but not that one.
shhhhhh
Just have to learn how to pronounce the state correctly. Nev-AD-uh.
Amen!
On his Twitter feed, white supremacists clearly come first.  Thanks, Pepe. #RacistsForTrump
#Americanpower
.     Pot calling the kettle black
You have to be out of your goddamned mind. No plan. All of his policies are ridiculous. Racist. Misogynistic. Bigoted.
#ElectionDay is on my 40th birthday. If you're elected, I'm regifting that shit so don't get too excited.
This hooker
aww ur a good name caller "doctor"  gonna charge YOU extra you spicy thing you! 
I thought you were in trade for a crack rock
dude you didnt the memo that crack is whack? and the fact u have one to trade explains a lot.
Got it, you hit meth.
oooh good guess but ur dense druggie self is wrong again. a feeling you're surely familiar with. smoke up doc!! 

Harold Eugene Baker needs recognition, being buried Oct 6th, no family - Vet WWII
That's so sad
THANKS FOR TAKING ON CORRUPT CLINTON REGIME
#HeyDonaldHoDonald @realDonaldTrump Together, I'll put myself, my children, and cohorts first and above all Americans
Just saw my first Trump commercial on tv. It's been all Hillary adverts before this. Finally, my guy!!
Will do Mr Trump!
Registered voters in Nevada yesterday. Nevada hates your guts. Nevada will be blue in a few weeks
& mailing it back ASAP. All of r voting is done by mail in WA state, sure makes it easier!!
I just got my absentee ballot as I will be In china Nov 8th.So I get to vote early for you.
Well he is masterful at 1 thing, Creating more jobs than Obama, Hillary, Kaine, Biden Pelosi,Reid, Combined

xo 
Land slide tomorrow !
#WomenAgainstTrump
@choisser keep pushing forward!   America's got your 6!!!!
next time learn how pronounce nevada
You can't even pronounce the state.
tax returns
I'd be careful going after #ClintonFoundation, since #TrumpFoundation was exposed as a $ laundering outfit.
"The earth is our planets only home." ~ Barack Obama #ParisAgreement
Captain obvious
together we will run u out of town.
PIG PIG PIG
to vote for trump shows your level of stupidy, but then again down with hillary!!
I repented of my sins..that not who you are toda..you love all people..that was were old self .you be change inside and out
Henderson, NV 
You are slime.
name calling by the left, what a surprise, after all its all socialist dems have been doing for many elections now,
keep up the good work...make a commerical on trade..love the the tax commerical..
Also, received my voting book in mail yesterday. Started studying it.  Waiting 4 my ballot now, voting it
You're losing NEVADA according to many polls.  Many people are saying you are going to LOSE BY A LANDSLIDE THANKS!!!
lol dems have made every election about lies of character not issues, now millimuims look at hillary & run 2 3rd parties. Ops
millimuims? attend trump u?
mys badd tpin maks ull a betr reeder, becuuse itsss cleer ull donnt rreed,  few words need to be correct 2 read!
hey Donald the only way you can beat this last think with women is say that was then .I was a lost man since then I repente
you overheard your perverted
You bet I voted today in Florida for Donald Trump and Mike Pence We're going to MAGA USA FOREVER!
Support you but pleeeezzz no more tweets! You will ruin our chances and I want you to win!! Rid currnt corruption!
I will never vote for you.  You're a very, very sick man you have no respect for women.
I'll make sure to get out and vote for somebody other than you.
Hey, Genius, how about telling them how to mispronounce their state name again?
Hillary 2016!
And a little blow makes you grab #PussyFirst Amirite?
how you going to get out of this mess. You just lost the election for us.
#GrabHerByThePussy
Thats right folks..vote for a winner Hillary R. Clinton!!
@navywife1776 You rocked it in Reno. #AmericaFirst
http://www.tmz.com/2016/10/07/donald-trump-audio-billy-bush-sex-bus-recording/ …
#GrabThem!
Tell us again how you say Nevada? Get into Elementary school...
yes pls get out and vote.....for Hillary.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-recorded-having-extremely-lewd-conversation-about-women-in-2005/2016/10/07/3b9ce776-8cb4-11e6-bf8a-3d26847eeed4_story.html?postshare=6361475870515092&tid=ss_tw …
@DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump Is it Ne-VAD-uh or Ne-VAH-duh? Ask Donald Trump
: God bless you and be with you Mr. President. We have to fight Hillary, leftists and liberal media together
LOL...OK

Wear RED on election day and take pictures if you can
Obama CUT $800 Billion from Medicare, stole it from people who have worked all their lives, to fund Obamacare.
Even Nevada Latinos pronounce Nevada "Ne-VAD-uh."  Bet you can pronounce Pinochet, Somoza and Santa Anna correctly.
http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/10/06/mother-slain-benghazi-ambassador-makes-angry-demand-trump/ …
You did a great job of boasting about offending the whole state with the wrong pronunciation! Next stop, Frisco?

And you said, you had a friend who pronounced it wrong..and you said he got killed. For pronouncing it like you? #NeVAHda
You asked patients w/ CA to not die until they voted for you? 538: HRC 66.4% chance of winning NV http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/nevada/ …
Great job on pronouncing Ne-VAH-da. you didn't even notice the people trying to correct you. Thought they were cheering you
If only you could PRO NOUNCE IT RIGHT!!!!
Played Reno on tour last July. Went out live feed internationally.
KKK rally..
ne-VAD-a
EVEN ANIMALS AGAINST TRUMP!!! Humane Society: Trump a 'threat to animals everywhere'
Losing in Nevada which you can't pronounce!
Did u learn anything there
U could try Ne va DOH #HomerSimpson 
#NeverTrump 
#DonTheCon 
#VoteBlue 
#ImWithHer 
#UniteBlue
- they support prostitution in Nevada you can have that coz that is how you roll and got your wife anyway
they kicked you out. You don't know how to pronounce the state nam
should have learned how to say Nevada before embarrassing yourself.
No! U R Amazing! Not Nevada! U R TREMENDOUS! I luv my #FATSOTRUMP!
YEP
Ne-VAH-da... hahahaha
I'm amazed at the shit that comes out of your mouth!
just what actually is the Fuck wrong with you?  Did your mommy not love you or what?
we are sending in early vote for you and Mr Pence, hope it does not get tampered with.
did they talk to you yet about you butchering the state's name? I'm no PR person, but I would make an apology video...
How System can be more corrupted  the FBI agreed to destroy two H.'s aides laptop that were subject of Congress  subpoenas!
How embarrassing that you did not even know how to pronounce Nevada.  How very, very, very smart are you?
together you will throw the world into chaos
just not for you!
http://bipartisanreport.com/2016/10/06/elementary-school-students-openly-humiliate-donald-trump-during-school-visit-video/ …
could you pronounce Nevada again for me? Please.
@SarahPalinUSA was in Reno the night before the election & we know how that turned out (my actress mother Star Trek IV)
I saw a video today when you visited a school. One of the kids said they were nervous when you walked in! Kids are scared!
He can't even Pronounce Nevada Correctly!
Yes we are coming out to vote for Hillary Clinton!
How do the residents of Nevada pronounce the name of their state?
Have you at least learned how to pronounce the name of the state?
LOVE YOU MR. TRUMP..BE TOUGH ON LYING HILLARY SUNDAY NIGHT
Show us your taxes.

now now you know 2/3 of your tickets are not going to fit into the places you go. So keep on looking crowd....outside.
why won't you say what your plan is for legit pain pts & their ability 2 get proper pain meds
Having been to two of your rallies, all I can say is that the American spirit was right there all around me. #MAGA
to bad you failed in Reno

"I told you his hair wasn't orange." Kids say the darndest things :D
We The People of The United States Need# TRUMP & PENCE
they are pissed at you
With your talent for running casino's into the ground, stealing all the money, and calling it good business, U are out!
you know what you r fake.
.@realDonaldTrump you cannot even PRONOUNCE "Nevada" and you haven't a clue about Yucca. Go home.
you are a shameless p.o.s funny your supporters chant make America great while the where hats from China!you are a con!
you are going to loose so big you won't know what hit you
Reno hates you.
I am an admirer of yours, Mr Trump, just don't insist on ONE PRONUNCIATION ONLY of Nevada.  AD, not AH out west here! 
Nev-AHH-da or Nev-AD-a asswipe?
Looks like @realDonaldTrump is a colossal business FAILURE
Putin when he doesnt agree with you and you say to him. I want to call you a Suka Blyat, but im nice, so i wont (sad look)
Bullshitting a bit. Btw, if i wasnt Dutch, i would so vote for you. Just to see what happens. I already see you next to
it's Nev-AD-a
correctly! And yes im being dumb and sarcastic. Now im curious how many responses i get of people not getting that im just

POLITICIANS LET US DOWN
PAYBACK TIME 
TRUMP 2016…
Dude. Its TrumpPants. Like if you gonna be sexist and say you are wearing the pants in this relationship, at least spell
if your are dying but you are praying for FL voters so they don't leave and can vote pray and Trump never in same sentence
beware, Harry Reid will strangle unions in Nevada and Killery will take state. Ruined Romney
can't wait until ur GONE!!!
ITS ne-Va-Da Not Ne-Vah-Dah  Same with China!
It's Nev-AD-a.
@Vote4TrumpPrez  Trump can't be to bad folks.look at his rallies while Hillary can't fill gymnasium..SAVE YOUR 2nd A RIGHTS

Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
FORGET suburb fems. Suppress Hisp vote-70% catholic.
Anti-abort/infant cmpgn in inner cities. Will stay home-CONSCIENCE!

Did you pronounce the name of the state incorrectly at this one??

Ne-VA-da. Get it right!!
Nevahhhda!  Nothing like going  where someone lives and insulting them for the way they pronounce their home state.
jus watched msnbc on how u said Nevada, u were correct when u 1st said it, wrong there after, but still voting 4 u frm Reno
we were there volunteering in Reno. You were fabulous. Reno has your back! We love you

we will stand and vote 4 YOU DONALD TRUMP!!!!!
How do you pronounce that again?
http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/nevada/ …
Mispronounces "Nevada" wrong while insisting he's pronouncing it correctly: http://hill.cm/VX6JqOo 
How to pronounce #Nevada https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXNKQW7QQFc …
