#AmericaFirst or #GreatAmerican that Is the question, suppose Great sounds much better
@IvankaTrump you should start by making your products in the USA. #hypocrite #liar #notmypresident
I feel like she should be sent to Leavenworth from now on but my question is why would you lie to me and tell me
starting with your ties?
and Ivanka's clothing line? But you two are exempt, right?
'Made in USA', I can't wait to see that more often.
Thank you President Donald J Trump for telling America there is HOPE .. God will Bless America again !!! In Jesus Name 
赤いものを身にまとっている方々が多く見え、そろそろクリスマスの季節だなと思いました。
Liberal tears flowing like rivers. It is so beautiful
just like Trump hats, Trump Ties, Trump Suits, Trump Mar-a-lago? GASLIGHTING THE USA
this is an old video you fool
resign

Thats the point!  He is president and we are celebrating!  The witch lost!
are you meaning white America first. Right now we have a diverse America, and it is starting to work for everyone.
twitter isnt the place for gay porn
do hope just not the label-the whole product-end the drug war-read jack herer

Mr TRUMP we need a New Year's Eve THANK YOU Rally to ring in the New Year ready to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hello...
I long to hear that phrase the president is impeached
Prime the pump.
Really??  Your PEOTUS and you want to save a phrase??  How does it feel to be Putin's puppet? #electoralcollegedoyourjob
Ломать поддельные новости! Comrade Trump has acquired Pussy Riot for his season opener Jan 21st.
like this tweet if Trumps cabinet appointments show hypocrisy!
We will! We are behind you no matter what! We  you!
This is the perfect example of trumps successful conning
You are a perfect example of brainwashed #ObamaLegacy
You need Duarte to fix you up! 
You prob are illegally here! Deport!
: 
FYI:  https://www.facebook.com/qznews/videos/362321474147263/ …
its not America First in your case its upper class first, and rasism first

Your president!



Your president not mine!
I understand because Obama never was mine either
Who cares?
Donald, your Twitter antics reveal that you are a weak, insecure individual in need of a blankie. @realDonaldTrump
Clearly you haven't been reading his messages. Sit down with your baby bottle like Hillary and go to sleep
Messages like whining about SNL and Vanity Fair? Yeah, real strong man. @Beverly78929946 @realDonaldTrump
he's a scared toddler just like his deplorables 
ur spreading hate and fear and calling names, exactly why u dont liketrump
معتقل أمريكي في ايران سابقا: أسوء شيء شاهدناه أمامنا اقتياد العشرات من السنة للإعدام بسبب عقيدتهم.
وكالة رويترز:
المحققون الدوليون ومنظمة  منع انتشار  الاسلحة الكيماوية يتهمون بشار الاسد شخصياً باستخدام الكيماوي ضد السوريين
but your things are made in China?

Hypocrite much?
.@WarriorDeplore @VeeVee @realDonaldTrump ok cool. And his stuff is made in China.
what stuff  ISN'T made overseas?It's not his fault Obama made it cheapr to leave US

You should build 'The @realDonaldTrump School for Kids Who Can't Read or Spell Good and Want to Do Other Stuff Good Too' for your fans
.@Ade__Star @realDonaldTrump what is this? A school for ants? Why are you suing me?
Mr.President-Elect You should ask Madison Rising to play Star Spangled Banner #January20
putting a higher tax on imported goods will create American jobs because it will be cheaper to make things in the USA.
made in the u.s.a.,hey I don't know why Springsteen did not support u.duh,he came out w\that.
Talk is cheap! You promised everybody everything. Saying you will have to come good on this promises. All of them good luck
Old lock her up went by the wayside 11-13-2016 "Bill and Hillary are good people."
He actually said "that played well during the debates but we don't care anymore".
And##NeverTrump 2013 "I have a relationship with Putin" 2016 "I don't know Putin" MAGA two faces at a time.
You could start by bringing the jobs back that your brand supports in China and Mexico.
@IvankaTrump WHY DON'T YOU MAKE TRUMP BRANDS IN THE USA?? OH YEAH, I JUST REMEMBERED... A YOU'RE A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! LMAO!
Those words will NEVER appear in any product you or your creepy fixation, @IvankaTrump, sell at inflated prices to #MAGA suckers. MAYBE you’ll be able to depress #wages here to near-slave lvls found in Asia, but ‘til then ur clothes will b made THERE
continue to work on America  not go backwards but to go forward is the goal&not toput downone Pres.to another,is deserving
make it impossible for Democrats to protect the word illegal immigrant in cort enforce a fine $50,000 four every illegal
me firest,that is and always been a stupid selfish way to be, either for a person or groups to be
#notmyprez
How many jobs have you lost to Trade overseas..I have lost three who signed NFTA Billy Clinton did
ALLISON EDWARDS
Please stop. This is a waste of money and time. You have a job to do, focus, and stop stroking your ego. #criticalthinkers
he is overcompensating  a big ego offsets a less then big 'johnson'
Yeah, I know. He has a job to do.
مراسل قناة العالم الإيرانية يتوعد سكان مدن سوريامن فوق طائرة روسية بعمل حفلات بالبراميل المتفجرة
de acuerdo  es una frase preciosa
Hypocrisy! Make stuff in America, you first.
@mike_pence Why is Trump's brand made in China? He doesn't care about US jobs. Trump doesn't practice what he preaches
If you want to bring back #MadeintheUSA, then you & Ivanka can lead by example & start making apparel in this country, no?
There should be a podcast all about Donald Trump. Wait, there IS!!
that's a straight-up liberal propaganda fear site to keep you uninformed weirdos afraid grow a set
Then why are the clothes you sell made in Asia?
Now you've really confused him. They're made in China...https://youtu.be/RDrfE9I8_hs...not … Asia!
.@realDonaldTrump Good luck with that. #MAGA #MadeInChina
Does all this cheering make up for the fact that your wife doesn't even want to sleep in the same city as you?
That marriage, his third BTW is a complete sham. He has no respect for her and I feel sorry for her. #ThirdBabyMama
Impossible. There is a woman he does not respect?
Just like his supporters, he is utterly disrespectful. He's dividing this country one rally at a time.
And yet Melania's knees are as united as ever.
If it's possible to feel sorry for a former supermodel I do. #ThirdWife #ThirdBabyMama
Oh, she's well compensated.
Honey there's not enough money in the world to justify sleeping with that piece of garbage! LOL
Roll Tide and Go Tigers!
is daughter changing her ways?
Our Trust remain on YOU
if your goal is made in the USA when are you going to start
Does this include your family clothing lines? No? I didn't think so.
wish I could have been there it look like a greatRALLY on TV!
TRUMP is PUTIN'S BITCH!
Трамп суки Путина!
Try this one: Bring back your waistline!
then make your suits,  ties,  shirts and hotel stuff in Ametica!!  Fool!
Yea!   Put Americans to work, we want work not handouts!
like your families clothing and jewelry?
Thank you racists of the South for ruining the country, and being scammed by the biggest cheat in history.
Nationalist propaganda much? Whatever happened to that populist agenda that you promised during your campaign?
check out Trumps Christmas tree at Mobile AL rally. Awesome...
you might want to let @IvankaTrump in on this...she still makes her shoes NOT in America! #wtf?
Why don't you start with your own products?! And maybe even pay the people who make them?
Threaten our Immigrant community national security... we shall kidnap your Family... 
so does hat mean you will also buy American made products? Have you heard the phrase, lead by example??
Can you start by getting your own clothing lines made in America instead of China/Mexico?
Happy Holidays to you and yours!!
there is a huge market for authentic made in the USA products. Why? Because quality sells and China can't do it!
Roll Tide Roll! Hopefully you will be the Prez awarding us the trophy in Jan!
when are you bringing your products to the USA? Put your $ where your mouth is! Con man
Great sentiment, but we lack the infrastructure
Trump transition team announced that the Russian Pres. Putin would sing at Trump’s Inauguration next month.nobody else will
America First!
do you really need that much attention from outside your own self in order to make it through the day? It is embarrassing.
awesome! Get ready America to pay more for..... anything we bring back. Or, we can work for a less. Those are our choices.
can't noone from Alabama read your tweets. They're the poorly educated you took advantage of...con man.
为了看川普的专用表情包特意下载了推特，玛德但是为啥我找不到……还请友人指点
like all of your Trump junk that's made overseas in sweat shops
Idiots
hey donald WHY ISN'T UR STUFF MADE IN THE USA? AND WILL U PAY TAXES TO SELL IT HERE?
What another BOOM BOOM kissing session? Oh, he has such a big EGO! I imagine your head will EXPLODE any second! #YOUCON
Let's start with your own products.
Amen to that! God Bless America! Merry Christmas!!!
for everyone but you. #notfoolinganyone
Liar
start by bringing your own companies' manufacturing home.
and just out of the screenshot are all the empty chairs.
Start with your own family then!
.@realDonaldTrump As long as #madeintheusa hasn't been made in the prisons! #13th #documentary #learn
Have you ever shared a meal with a homeless person? http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/12/17/Pope-Francis-dines-with-homeless-on-80th-birthday/7571482017865/ …
#MadeInTheUSA? How about your Trump-branded suits & ties made in Mexico? Does your advice only apply to us and not to you?
Thank You Mr Trump
Starting with your shirts & ties???
does that include bringing all of the products YOU manufacture back to the US, you raging hypocrite? Lead by EXAMPLE!
great
@DonaldJTrumpJr bring back your company's production of ties etc. Stop buying Chinese steel, tell Ivanka to bring back too
Then leave Boeing alone, you are putting their jobs at risk with your jabbering.
You first...#resist #LiarElect
hi、twitter president、say hello  to you from China、be a kid
ya mean by using American steel you hypocrite 
like your ties
starting by your "make America great again caps" no? Or is that only for other people?
They will love you til they find out what you plan to replace Obama care with
has your family brought manufacturing back to the USA or are your goods still manufactured in China?

You first! Can't wait to see all Trump properties using only USA products!
how come all your shit is made in china and mexico
why don't you start by making your crap in the USA instead of China- fucking hypocrite
It's should be Alabama first. That entire state is a failure.
What a  day that will be! Clothing made in China sucks!. Sizes R wrong, material rips, zippers break! CHEAP! CHEAP! CHEAP!
how much are these rallies to boost your fragile manhood costing the taxpayers?
CAN YOU DEPORT CALIFORNIA JUST LET ME GET BACK IN AMERICA FIRST
wishful untruths once again ...  you're history is so - uncaring about everybody but YOU, YOU,YOU
#justpaytax
Then why did you hire Nikki Haley who destroyed southern history by making the rebel flag something it is not?
Trump shirts made in China, Bangladesh, Honduras, Vietnam. Trump Hotel in China&Taiwan. Mar-a-Lago=lots of foreigners
@LindstromLiya I had a fantastic time. Wonderful experience. #MAGA
BS
where is @IvankaTrump apparel made again?
Please contact me
So Comical, since you manufacture most of your products in any country but US, to save you $. You're such a hypocrite.
start with your own goods. Lead by example. And try to master the english language.
Made in the USA, except for his own businesses. But his supporters are blind & will suck on anything he says. #yeahright
Find the state with the least number of educated people and throw a rally there. You will get an enthusiastic response!
America Will be great again thank you Trump
#China @realDonaldTrump @UN_DPA @cnnbrk @bbcchinese 
强烈要求中央政府成立专案组，以法律为准绳，惩治在泛亚事件中的渎职主政官员,追责担责还信于民！
Come Join Us.  Together We Will Make America Great Again.  https://www.facebook.com/groups/475498035967372/ …
says the candidate installed by Russian spies.
Thank you for your common sense. It's a distant past when a leader of the US leads FOR the people.
And I suppose Trump is going to make all his products in America?
美国也会喊口号了 
Except for the products you make. They will still be made by children in third world countries. Fraud Trump. Sad.
I love that,"made in D USA." Being from Belize I miss labels like that. China seems 2 B duplicating america's inventions.
Your #MAGA hats that were made in China. #hypocrite
Good luck with that, lol
when are u going to bring the manufacturing of your clothes, furniture etc back to America?
Made by trump in Bangladesh!!!
also, education is important. Bigly. We are now accepting pre enrollment applications to Trump University.
Starting with @IvankaTrump's crap clothes?
Made in the USA by Russia?
So when are you going to make your products in America? BRING you products back for jobs FIRST! Set an example to all!
Wouldnt you have to start with making your goods in the USA?
People are forgetting that "Made in the USA" became synonymous with "high prices Americans can't afford"
LOOSER! Everytime I look at you, I vomit in my mouth!
Yah, just let us all know when you plan to start making your crap in the USA, you hypocritical piece of shit.
At what point, if ever, to you plan to practice what you preach? https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/08/26/how-many-trump-products-were-made-overseas-heres-the-complete-list/?utm_term=.0250ae6c7985 …
Manufacturers do this. Put a label made in the US, the label is made in the US, but not the product it is on !
claims of intelligence reveal insecurity: http://www.salon.com/2016/12/18/donald-trumps-questionable-intelligence-all-those-false-claims-about-his-academic-record-and-derision-of-others-bespeak-profound-insecurity/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=socialflow …
