Nothing is Liberal Media not reporting on Wikileaks emails Obama Care cost hikes determined to elect Criminal HC
And how would U fix America's health care landscape? U have 2 minutes to respond.
@dtrumpnation we will vote for you. Prayers and many blessing to you. Go Trump 2016
Just give those old people some pills ...
@Denise7Berry
i'm sure Melania is not allowing u 2 grab her pussy anymore so you must be grabbing those of other people more than 1 I bet
specifics on how are you going to "fix" it? We need to hear it
SO TRUE.....CROOK.... OBMAMACARE......
I just tried to join Obamacare and got stuck with nowhere to go after answering all questions. Typical Obama bluff
@ProudAlways1976 @realDonaldTrump everyone not voting follow.  So you can wake the hell up.  #notwithher #CrookedHillary
stop Obama care...
Preach it!
I kept my doctor, so did my husband and my sister. Both of my sons and their families kept their doctors.
You're lies now
Lies, tyrant, fascist

I did keep my plan & my doctor. What lie? What about you promising 3 women to love only them 4ever in front of G-d? LIE?
@Forestlumps
.@realDonaldTrump @TeamTrump Clintons have gotten away with SO MUCH!! .@AC360 is completely 1-sided & biased #proHillary
Every Democrat should lose their seat over Obamacare.  The worst bill ever passed,  shoved down America's throat by Dems! 
- Obama care saved my life from lung cancer, what do you think about that?
NO..I loved my plan went to renew had to to Obamacare..it tripled LIARS..NOTHING BUT LIARS
Sound familiar?  Just like the shovel ready jobs.  Liars,  If you support and trust a liar,  you deserve what you get. 
Our system of gov't relies on openness & honesty to peacefully govern 330M people. "Progressive"-Dems have corrupted it.
LIARS FRAUDS & DEMONS... oh my!
So true! Most "reasonably priced" (using that term loosely) are HMOX plans. You DO NOT get to pick your doctors.
@DavidBugnon obamacare must be replaced!
@tommyshida @BreitbartNews @LouDobbs @FoxNews @Reince @RealBenCarson @FoxNews @JudgeMoroz @JudgeJeanine 
so Obama copied hiLIARy    that says it all
Obama care will not cost you a dime MORE  !!!   Jim
- You are SO ignorant in all of this that you simply do not know what you are talking about. You APE what others say.
@shawgerald4 all lies! No substance!
The only women that would not be upset about being cheated on is you daughter and your foreign born wife, Melanie,
I don't have my plan or my doctor, I have nothing! Now forced into Medicaid because I'm low income, spouse lost job in 2015
My family couldn't keep our plan and now we are paying $1300 a month and we don't get to see our Doctor!!!!!
@Winter19_USA He also said our insurance would be as good as the Senates.
what doctor?
Clinton and Obama lied about the Affordable Care Act. Medical profession/patients suffer at their hands. Shame on them
she lies and lies and lies...never ending.
@HillaryClinton 
That all the bit*h can do is lie
But 85 percent of Americans know she crooked and lier.
American's hate
HMSA expected to increase by 35% ??? Thank you Obamacare!! The Lies we've all had to suffer through !!
and those comments became so untrue

Can we really afford to elect her to find out what she'd do... like Obamacare? This time it's even more dangerous?
My son had great premiums/low deductible until Obamacare was setup. After that they raised his premiums & deductible.
yes they lied! I knew they were. Some poor people trusted them
ONE OF THE BIGGEST LIES OF THE CENTURY!  It was a TAX disguised as health care!
And Donald, your comment.."unless you get hit by a truck, you'll never be able to use it."  EPIC and true!!
never leaving you! They are the most corrupt candidates that I have ever seen in my life my 61 years, knock her out Donald!
AMERICA FIRST YESSS
Vote for the donald
total lie  now I pay for an insurance NO doctor wants to take including mine so I pay out of pocket to see my doctor
Lost my plan on day 1 of Obamacare
We can vote 4 U and have no insurance at all.
no I am still alive because of aca I know people who die before it was available. People pre existing need it to be covered
@lisam02184 Instead of telling two versions of the truth, HRC tells lies two different ways.
LIES LIES AN MORE LIES!!!  VOTE TRUMP!!
Lie is correct! I haven't had health ins in 4 years! I cannot afford it. The worst healthcare plan EVER! Pitiful, really!!
Doctors are leaving the system by an alarming rate or taking early retirement #Debates2016
@Daggy1  I personally am frustrated over my higher premiums and higher copays
Before it was Obamacare; it was Hillarycare- #Debates2016
Tell America your health care plan!  What is your replacement for ObamaCare?  Doubt you have a plan at all.
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016 
@ResistTyranny #trumpwon
at what point will u finally start answering questions straight forward instead of running around the queations
Why do I pay for Israel's #UniversalHealthcare ?
Disaster says it all,Bad for patients, doctors. It's a major medical plan at a RIDICULOUS!premium & huge deductibles.
@POTUS @HillaryClinton Lies! Obamacare sucks. If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor? Bullshit! Liars
The thing is, It had to be passed before anyone was allowed to read it
my mom is retired and because of Obama care she can't really use her health insurance.
Maybe some of those Republican senators that choose not to endorse should understand the lies that were told
Tk God for Obamacare, I worked 42 years not 65 yet almost died without healthcare, but I got it with Obamacare, affordable
She served for 30 years President 25+years &you have done nothing never volunteered and thanks to your dad u avoided draft
because of Obamacare my Co-pays have sky rocketed I almost have to have a 2ND job to go to the Dr.


Hillary just wants to be the first WOMAN President! She is NOT at all what I want my daughter to look up to! Disgraceful!
Between the Pay-to-Play and the drives of immigrants being given the opportunity to vote for her, the election is rigged!
You know how to tell if Hillary & Obama are lying? Their lips are moving. #Hillary #Obama
-Sure, you CAN keep your plan ... small problem - good luck AFFORDING the plan, so you can KEEP the plan you love so much.
GOP took over congress because of Hillarycare.
not only couldnt we keep our doctors, we were forced to take doctors that had bad reputations or unsanitary/questionable
To birds of a feather flock together. !!  I believe "these" birds are just plain VULTURES !!!
@BBtrollpatrol
Trump I know Hillary Clinton and Obama have been lying And have betrayed The people. Bankruptcy Is there plan For 1currency
Two lieing peas in a pod. Cook 'em out of existence!!
doctors & ins. co's have dropped like flies from Obamacare-slow to pay. high ded's & too expensive
advertise this Donald
Have no insurance & I work for a very large retail dept. store with stores in Canada &USA, what about that @HillaryClinton
how many staff members did you fier after the debate?
@rdderuyter it's time to publicize the Podesta Emails Donald !!! #PodestaEmails
YES & NOW THE PEOPLE ARE GOING WHO HAVE NO MONEY WILL BE FINED BY THE CORRUPT GOVERNMENT SAD
...women support you and stand by you!..you are a great person and I believe you will turn this country around!!
i know. Bcs it ruined me. It all comes w a price.
Both are dummy coins 
Two faces
@LindaHogan odd, I kept my Doctor with my #obamacare.....
and you want the government o pay for  it all...socialized medicine   no thanks
I liked how you let her answer. Great negotiator tactic and a gentleman too. 
#youreadouche
Then what's your specific healthcare plan?  You have NEVER given specific details for your healthcare plan.
@RapinBill worst insurance I've ever had. And I work in a medical field. #Debates2016 #MAGA #Illinois4Trump
We see #LyingHillary & BO for who they truly are, traitors to America, Users & Abusers. Obamacare Is An Abomination!󾓦

.@HillaryClinton is NOT above the law!
#Debates2016 

We agree with Bill, ObamaCare is “the craziest thing in the world.” #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 
90 million people have health insurance because of the ACA.  GOO failed to come up with better plan for six years.
@Darren32895836    Fact check. That was the biggest lie. I personally know that .
@sweetatertot2 great ad
:Need ins. that covers preventive care. That way I won't need hospital .
yeah BULLLSHIIIIIIIIIIT!!!  As I struggle to not buy groceries AGAIN this payday because we owe dr bills.
The perfect couple; two faced,  Condescending, Liars.
THEY INFURIATE ME! Obamacareless.
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016 
Liars
And you tell the same lie that every Republican does, we’ll replace it with something better, when have nothing.
don't forget hamp home refinance making homes affordable for mortgage companies..while we still suffer..
trump has no replacement plan and will let millions die as he doesn't care!
Now of course they want the Taxpayer to be held responsible. Enormous waste of money. PresTrump will not waste $
@Darren32895836 .& how do we know??  Yea that's right...the smart guy said so
No easy answer. Huge expense. Oh AMERICAN VP, Mike Pence. VOTE TRUMP and PENCE.
but they are humans.  We think u snuck here from South America.  I hear this is a video of #orangehitler sneaking in
@depew_ryan That's how it was supposed to work, unfortunately insurance companies still have too much power
No no no no. That is What Obamacare was SOLD as. It has nothing to do with the insurance carriers.
Keep your own doctors was said by Obama and Clinton as they were selling Obamacare to Americans. That was part of the healthcare plan
@Mike05999224 #imwithher
My friend is going to lose his doctor & Medicaid & he has to have a private insurer soon. Obamacare is a fat out lie!
they always lie; they are cut from the same cloth. Like all democrats.
@veganvecoh LOVE YOU MR.TRUMP ! THANK YOU! YOUR RIGHT ABOUT THE PAST MEN PISSING CONTEST VERSES DEATH TO AMERICA! Thanks
The "GrubberingOfAmerica" is what #Obamacare really is. Sell it to the stupid Americans #JohnathonGruber said.
there's  much much more very bad stuff  to hit us with Obamacare!
IT IS TIME FOR OFFENSE against #crookedhillary. America cannot have another liar-in-chief protecting the corrupt.
discourage plan ,high cost plan
The plan I was in prior to Obama was 500.00 deductible now with Obama 2500
Of course.Obama knew if you control people's health insurance and well being you control the population.
I HAD insurance through my employer. Until Obamacare. Penalties for not providing insurance were cheaper than providing it.
Great job.. so glad you spoke out, keep swinging.. #maga
one big lie!!! They don't have a problem lying to Americans if it means passing their bill.
Obama and ObamaCare got me personally big time with no Vaseline. Any repeal would make me happy as a shit eating dog
@bigjordan924 didn't work that way for my family
Our next President 
Clinton liar crook socialist disgusting liberal 
Supporters Soros Goldman Sachs 
Trump for President
you won tonight
this was one of the biggest crocks of shit they sold the american people everutjig about it was a lie
ha! #obamacare has been nothing but a disaster for my family
Liar Lair pants on fire !!!ALL TALK NO ACTION!
@sarsi14
More lies...@HillaryClinton “@realDonaldTrump: Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016 ”
Bill Clinton even said #ObamaCare was "the craziest thing in the world".
Very true, and Bill and I have a rare agreement on that.
@Trump_Supporter they are all liars!
