Look at the results of Trump Airlines, GoTrump Travel, Trump Uni, the USFL, Trump Vodka - TOTAL DISASTER - VERY SAD
Uh, actually you have. #lyingagain
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Does he not show his face because of shame or the violation of military code?
Robert Gates is a true public servant and a patriot.  That's why Trump understands nothing about him.
He's worked 4 the last 8 Presidents over 50 years He says you're willfully ignorant about the world
I haven't told you for awhile what a great job you do󾓦
when he's not committing crime http://bailbondcity.com/fldoc-inmate-RACHEL/X55018 …
How dare you shows ignorance
no, I shattered YOUR IGNORANCE. Trumpkins need to wake up & realize the con-men are fooling them
this is supposed to be a country of opportunity not entitlement. I'm tired of paying for every1 else
oh? like paying for Taurus for 5 years in prison because he ripped off women like you?
or the  other fools in office #MAGA @NBCPolitics
Liar.
Did he hurt your feelings?
Prob shouldn't blame Gates. Obama hog tied him. That's why he quit like so many others.
the more they try 2pull these cards thinking they will hurt ur campaign the more the public rails against them-#TrumpArmy
in the last 30 yrs. Mr. Gates has worked under 3  administrations-democrate & republican...tread lightly. Ask @FoxNews.
: boy white sheets is on sale at Walmart, cross burning tonight?.
I never met you, @realDonaldTrump But look at your results. Total disaster! Good reminder.
well of course he knows something about you. He knows you are not fit for POTUS. #ManyPeopleAreSaying
I vote for Trump
You speak on tv every day, for over a year, we all know enough about you!

You're fueling global hate toward Americans. #NeverTrump #ClownTrain #DumpTrump

seriously!
Do u actually believe what #trump actually says? Are you on acid?
yes we do 30 years too long in our face getting rich #stop
ahhahaha foreign policy!!
Hillary Clinton's policy with show me the money $$$$$$$$$$$
deflecting! No opinion on the "leaders" foreign policy? Ur ok with his stupidity?
no stupid is knowing better then doing it anyway that's Hillary
you are the total disaster. #ConArtist
Stick to the issues.  You are tripping over your ego again!!!
well Gates was appointed to that position. Just like Hillary he was not qualified either.
GATES KNOWS YOU'RE A LUNATIC UNFIT FOR OFFICE LIKE EVERY OTHER MILITARY MAN IS SCARED SHITLESS OF U IN POWER!
NOT TRUE!

uhhohhhh
like father like daughter
tax rates for businesses make it impossible to have a competitive price in the states, its debilitating.

Did you forget who David Duke and the KKK endorsed?
BS WRONG KKK & *EX KKK *40Yrs David Duke NEVER Endorsed TRUMP Said Himself MSM JT CNN LIED


Trump has repeatedly denied lying to the public and has admitted doing so in court
ur face Is a disaster! #lyinTrump #donthecon #fullofshit
yet you won't even show yours!
yah I was talking about your FACE!
that is my face! Second dog in space!! Good times!



Stop Believing your own propaganda Hillary WAS the last one to kiss a Klan member in the party
and look how screwed up the world is
Do not pay attention to losers, weak-fighters, desisters, quitters, elitist-jerks who doesn't give a shit to real people.


Its amazing how many racist bigots there are in this country in 2016. Trump supporters = sick, twisted, hateful people.
Just look at your picture! Yuck! So full of hatred! Love and kindness be with u!
and it's called Snapchat...genius. Your words mean nothing to me. Love and kindness? You support Hitler's 2nd coming.
Really? Are you that naieve? If you want Clintons back in WH, you r loco!
look at the pot calling the kettle black
good morning president Trump
Just what every democracy needs, a leader who will not be questioned. No wonder he loves Putin!
NEWSFLASH: No difference btw Corrupt Dictator & corrupt democracy. Try voting for real change
Obviously you are doing much better financially than 10 years ago. That's good. But most including myself cannot say that.
Facts: Reagan busted unions. Wars in middle east Daddy & Baby Bush. Baby Bush America attacked &economy crash and on and .
Agree with your statement, just not your omission Obama has us fighting alongside Iran for Isis. Hillary wants same
These would not factor in at all except for Bush's blundering.
I am a 32 year Army veteran... Robert Gates does not speak for me...... What arrogance... He never stepped on a battlefield
- THANK YOU for ur service!  I had a roommate at Hood that went Delta!  Lost contact.  Ideas to track him down?
Was 1st Sergeant of an anti-tank company. They were called delta companies, not in delta force.
but thank you!
if he becomes pres, I hope you're the first to lose your home, and not be able to feed your kids. 
trump wants your house keys.. It's his come November.
вопрос - какое наше дело? чтоЮ у шпаны спрашивают? шпану попросту не замечают. или иногда бьют.
And yet he seems to understand you so well.
Articulate as always, Mr. President!
- or we could just listen to Hillary boring us to death with lies a 4 year old could catch. Trump has a pulse
Sure he has a pulse...with Vladimir Putin
only when his dick was in her hand
'Murica
melania is not a ten anymore
he's just like Mussolini!
No doubt - a looser
or even a loser
why is your hair orange?
no just stupid!
Well I commend you for at least admitting you're deplorable.
Wow, what a classy broad you are. #brainless #nitwit #stupidbeyondescription
really? You're gonna slam Robert gates of all people? Ok.
Really -you ask that question? Have you not seen the cluster fuck leadership of our military exacerbated by BO
i don't c it that way
don't see reality confused military operations and strategies birthing and growing ISIS n Russian aggression
do you prefer custard or ice cream with apple crumble?
Republicans = Custard
Democrats = Ice Cream
why so?
Republicans = traditional
Democrats = pretentious
in what way is ice cream pretentious
Ice Cream on its own is not, but apple crumble & Ice Cream suggests elitism which is a Democratic trait.
Elitism = educated. Non-elite =stupid, ignorant GOP Trump supporters.
An educated person is unlikely to be elitist and your description of @realDonaldTrump supporters is quite DEPLORABLE
275 Lbs. LOL Fatboy
do you know what the Secretary of Defense does?  Probably not
as you mention you never met him! Thanks Donald you sealed my vote for Hillary. First attack Gold stars, now this pathetic
Oh Donald! You know nothing.
and look at what happened under your Guidance: 4x bankruptcy, 3x wives, 1000s of lawsuits, draft dodger, Trump U fraud!
GATES DEFINITELY NON-BELIEVER IN - THE BUCK STOPS HERE!
most of us don't.  Release your tax returns coward.
Obama opening the door for the terrorist leaders, 14 trillion to the deficit, Reducing the military Why another Dem ????
For the love of God, will you ever stop being such a showman and get down to the facts.  Who are you?
Sure. You'll do better, because... believe me!
@hillaryclinton
msnbc can't think of anything else. They are pulling the deplorable remark as something we are embracing
Anyone who praises Putin and calls our Armed Forces a “total disaster” is running for office in the wrong country.
"No clue about the difference btw negotiating a business deal & negotiating with sovereign nations" http://www.wsj.com/articles/sizing-up-the-next-commander-in-chief-1474064606 …
It appears every one that has failed as politicians go after you. Losers don't like winners.
@magnifier661 indeed, brother!
A disaster? Really? How many Americans are dying in war everyday? Almost none? IMO, you'll get us nuked.
thin skin thin skin thin skin thin skin thin skin thin skin
you're a liar and hypocrite!
Bill Gates is nothing but a progressive hack.
Gates seems to be happy with a slow grind with our military.
Robert Gates, Iraq....enough said!!
And he refused to stand up for America when he knew things were wrong. NO BACKBONE TOO POLITICALLY CORRECT!
ConMan Trump Losers never win! #NeverTrump 
#HillYes #ImWithHer
We know this about you. Trumois a expert in cheating people
What is Gates hiding?
How could anyone who hasn't met you know anything about you? You're so shy and anxious to protect your privacy.
Gaters.knows a con man. When E C 1 n calls it that's  Y U don't like him Mr deployable n chief E don't want U defaulting US
Under your guidance the middle class will be in poverty. Reports will only broadcast what you and your children want told.
ignorance and immaturity obvious to all, even those haven't met the tangerine.
everything is a disaster to you. Your the disaster look how much hate you have spread in one year. Heaven help us if u win
@CNN we all know more  about you than we"d like to thanks to this joke of a campaign-didn't your Gen Flynn get "FIRED" lol

you have no idea what you are taking about. DROP OUT!
Yes, because you love to surround yourself with people dumber than you!

Donnie, look inward, look inward. Many failures in business and in marriage. Anything at which you are really good?
hey dude, we all have your number! Daddy's money gets wealth, not brains.... obviously! You're a joke!
he has alzheimers.

Most people know all about you! That's very easy to do from the mostly lies you tell all the time. You are just a loser!!!
high energy ad for our future president! #TRUMP2016 #MAGA

https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&persist_app=1&v=Ja0Iiabcw9k …
Trump is a pathetic excuse for a human being.
#that's the problem, NOBODY knows anything about you!!!
Career establishment bureaucrat. But very knowledgeable on Defense complexities. A  National Command Authority (NCA) study.

You said U admire Russian & North Korea leaders not US; take oil from those u go to war with; Gates opinion is correct!
People who actually served in the military think that this fine and honorable man did a very good job.
All you have to do is open your mouth once an he knows who you are he has probably seen1000's of you in his career!!!!!!!!!
Kind of the same success as your casinos?
True- Your multiple bankruptcies, failed marriages, and failed business ventures didn't end up killing anyone! You tell em!
release your tax eeturns
so if we haven't personally met you, we know nothing about you? 
@maddow @CNNPolitics He's a great American Donnie..unlike you! #LIAR AND LOSER
He knows your a liar. He knows your a racist. He knows your a coward. He knows your a traitor. He knows your a con artist
instead of reacting (in your usual thin-skinned manner), you should READ Secretary Gates op Ed.
http://www.wsj.com/articles/sizing-up-the-next-commander-in-chief-1474064606 …
That's the problem no one knows anything about you except that you contradict yourself daily. Show us your tax returns!
You're a total disaster.
It's always people who don't know another at all or hardly that make things up from their imagination. Happened to me too.
he knows you're an incompetent fool with absolutely no clue as to how to be a leader. You,sir, are an embarrassment!
this man just offends every body every day @GOPLeader @HillaryClinton @POTUS I am tired about @realDonaldTrump
just said he thinks Reagan, Bush & Bush were disasters! @GOP built this! #P2 #TCOT #PJNET @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GenFlynn
Gates nailed it about you.  You just can't handle or tell the truth. You want to start WW3 just because of a gesture!
.Change is necessary from top.
I'd pay to see Melania sitting on a nuclear warhead.
disaster-sky is falling! get a life, Trump
loser! Delete your account and go away ... you are nothing!
you never met anyone .. just your daughter on Tinder.
Debates ought to be interesting....bet u could argue your way out of a paper bag ... but your criticism shows weakness.
A total disaster is......YOU! And even worse is YOU as president!!!
Hey Trump I'm sure former Defense Secretary doesn't want to meet you.
Mr. Trump do not result in personal attacks. Stay on point!! Hit them with facts!! I'm praying 4 you!
you should stop
always making fun of our military? Praising the Russians. Are you a traitor?
where have you ever seen Trump make fun of the military?
You sound like a broken record. You dam non- creative fool!
But you will straighten it out. You are a military mastemind too. I am sure.
I've never met you, but from seeing you speak 100+ times can tell you're a flaming narcissist who should never be in power.
Crazy Trump the lying bigot.
To Trump the narcissistic sociopath everything is a total disaster. EXCEPT his bankruptcies, racist history and his life.
ISIS has lost from 25-33% of its territory in the last 18 months. Pres. Obama is doing a good job
MY calc's; we've lost 2001-2016 $8.8 TRILLION unaccounted $ ½Trillion yearly! http://www.cbsnews.com/news/the-war-on-waste/ … @DeptofDefense SUCKS!
the list of ESTABLISHMENT sock puppets is long.
Release your IRS Audit letter.
We know ALL about you! You're a PUTZ! @realDonaldTrump
Gates? Y r we always @ #War4Israel, $19 TRILLION in debt, & running out of ppl 2 kill 4 warmongers? http://www.thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/296448-trump-fires-back-at-robert-gates …
Donald Trash is deplorable nuisance.
the military is not a disaster. Why should any military person support someone who thinks their profession is a disaster?
Proof of how little H C.'s campaign knows about you. Slanderous dialogue. A probe to get something on you, if you react!
that's because smart people  stay as far as they can from a ASSHOLE
I lovethe more the elite know nothings pile on, the more votes you will gather Mr. Pres, we tire of corruption, hang in thr
; @ HillaryClinton You shouldn't make sweeping comments about a senior policy official. That's reflect your bad taste.
Gates and Soros Versus the World's Poor http://www.frontpagemag.com/fpm/261006/gates-and-soros-versus-worlds-poor-matthew- …
Hey, Con Man Don, at least none of Gates's restaurants haven't poisoned anyone.
You're having a bad day, aren't you.  Have you stomped your feet and shouted enough? I'm betting no...
This often works for my 2-year-old. Maybe it will work for @realDonaldTrump too.

stop...do you think a President responds to every negative comment?Come on Mr Trump!Act like a President!We r counting on U
a Bushbot
That's right: Pentagon had four bankruptcies under Gates. Oh, wait, that was Trump companies--a total disaster! #SAD!
sort of like u looking in the mirror
You are LITERALLY a walking disaster. TRUCULENTTrump
Sorry brother he was one of the best Sec Def's in modern history. You can't just lash out at everyone
They are just following Crooked Hillary and Dictator Obama. These people are brain washed.
Anyone who's never met you, I consider 'blessed'!  #Trump :o(
Is a Bankruptcy a total disaster? Or a strategic choice to screw investors and funnel $$ into your pocket? @HillaryClinton
why is everyone who dislikes you a disaster? #lookinthemirror #dumptrump
which guidance are you referring to?? His decades of leadership under multiple presidents at the CIA, DOD, TA&M?
who cares....his opinion could not be more irrelevant

Like your 6 bankruptcies?
Kinda like your business ventures?
Gates  sorry your story don't stand Trump President keep trying #hillaryclinton
