remember Trump is a pathological liar about everything and the proof is in the videos and his own words. He is a con,a hack
Landslide victory for Hillary.
pepe is everywhere. Look people. Racists love this man. Why?
You are friends with pervert Jeffrey Epstein. Source have proven that!
So same as "many people are saying" which you use so often?
remember sources are your people who are just tired of trying to fix all the shit that comes out of your mouth
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Forget Hillary,Unite America,cut taxes,build the military,take care of the vets and people. Trump Unites,Killary devides..
Just like your "many people tell me" sources. Hypocritical liar!
w Ish people would do research rather then just listen to MSM
WE believe only Trump&Pence. .TALK only POLICIES as HRC wants to divert to you&trash talk ..LET surrogates trash HRC !!
or they want to protect them so they can keep being sources?
man get some sleep. You're out of control.
not always true... but it was here, apparently.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.
Amen to that! @Morning_Joe  is "full" of sources!!
many people are saying you have a cocaine habit. Not me, just a lot of people. Is it tue?
did your friends tell you that. Listen believe me, I have a ton of friends listen they say and they agree sources bad
So.... @realDonaldTrump, about "sources"...
Crooked @RealDonaldTrump:
Cuba Embargo 
Trump U
Trump Foundation
Tax Cheat
4000+ Lawsuits 
4 Bankruptcies 
Housing Discrimination
Your staff is sticking it out for final pay cheques.  Everyday is misery for them.  Whoops! 
They might not get paid.
This is reported from your buddies at FOX. But they can't be a reliable source, right?
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/09/30/trump-foundation-reportedly-doesnt-have-proper-paperwork-to-solicit-money.html …
I'm glad I'm a writer of fantasy, i won't write anything about idiots, also I can make an ass of an elf
Blames media for exposing his corrupt businesses because  he won't #releasethetaxes
rubbish!
Stop wasting time going after media focus on crooked Hilary
Tell her we need to talk abt real stuff. Nat security/emails Benghazi budgets your 30 yr record your honesty vetting 
We believe in you STOP allowing these gutter people to pull you down.  Rise above!!!  Time to change the news topic!!!
stop using I and start saying we need to change the system.  It's broken but together Donald Trump will win.
you say 'some say" all the time! Cmon!
#ConcentrateOnYourPolicies #TakeTheHighRoad & u show HRC 4 the desperate liar w/ no accomplishments. Ur smarter than this!!
I absolutely agree! Most media are vengeful Democrats set on removing Trump.
weigh the difference of what the media has said Donald has lied about and what we know Hillary has lied about.  Go Donald!!
and that applies to you too?
Meh. He doesn't even believe facts when sources are cited anyway.
sources = truth
Why are you not tweeting state polls anymore?
You mean like every time you say "people say" or "many people"? You lie too much #TinyLyingDrumpf
Pay to play
an embarrassment.
You have a problem with "sources said," but "many people are saying" is OK?
What "public information" do you speak of?
The gripe is over this tweet. Articles were created with that allegation by non-anonymous authors.
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Whatever fits your narrative. Be well.

Sounds like they were both right.
Now she can call him Mr. President...
I'm not arguing with you, and I notice you didn't either.
And don't EVER believe ANYBODY who says "Believe me" or "I hate to tell you" or  "A lot of people are saying".
If the sources don't exist why is Sessions wasting time trying to find them?  Doesn't make sense.
.@realDonaldTrump Can we use that same rule when you don't name your sources?
"Many are saying" is a source, of course.  Believe me.
That is a lie. The news and cops have anonymous sources.
Your Tweets will be the issue you are Removed from office How Stupid can you be with How you address Every thing on Web
Pointing out leaked classified info, only draws more attention to that news story-never had known about it til ur tweet. THINK be4 U TWEET
. So why do you think you can do the same thing?
Our dishonest president commenting on dishonest press very confusing..................?
WE DON'T BELIEVE YOU! YOU are a MAJOR LIAR, LEAK INFO & threaten America-PLEASE RESIGN! #Impeachment
Remember, don't believe "potus said."  Anonymous sources allow truth about your BS to get out publicly.. #AnnoyingOrange
I haven't been on twitter but I just want you to know that I am so proud of you. You have had to endure so much. I'm afraid you will not continue in 2020. I'm afraid Melania will not. I respect you and her so much for all you are doing.
You are dishonest
So,does that mean that if we stop saying your name you'll disappear? Right Back to the neanderthal cave you crawled from?@realDonaldTrump
@POTUS - YOU haven't named our sources, so they don't exist either BTW stop watching Fox & Friends, they are FAKE NEWS
So rich coming from u slimy Purveyor of fake news in chief! Ur source of so many lies on Obama, Cruz + many others!
LOL your the liar
sources may not exist but your lies are existential. # liar in Chief like no other
You mean just like the "sources" YOU have mentioned many times? You are SO easy to read! Open mouth, lie falls out!
YOU ARE THE SOURCE! You tweeted the N.Korean picture!
remember, check out sex tape pls
lmfao at people who bring up Hillary when any aspect of DJT is questioned

and I already took screenshots so please do not bother deleting 
#DonTheCon's scam foundation is illegally soliciting donations under NY law
@washingtonpost kys
u 1st

Well, it's been nearly 40 years. I think the statute of limitations has run out.
didn't  realize rape victims forget about being attacked after a set number of years.
Sort of like your billions, and legit tax records
Lol they would only be legit if they were bad, right?  Lol get a life.
Many people are saying that you  do this all the time, because you're a crackpot and a proven pathological liar. Sad.
Politifact is Full of Sh..t - no one trusts them - left-wing lyers
@jackschofield @realDonaldTrump
Does @SAP know you're an abusive right-wing crackpot with no analytical skills?
do people know you are in bed with Corrupt Rep & Dem Establishment that outsource US-@jackschofield 

@realDonaldTrump @SAP
Remember folks : don't believe @realDonaldTrump.

#LyingDonald
Repeat after me :

Donald Trump Is a liar.
Donald Trump is a liar.…
he produces the LATEST video of all the lies and you produce a meme.......
@YouTube I see English isn't your strong point. You don't understand what a lie is.Explains a lot.
so that's one point in 12 minutes. The same point that keeps getting brought up while the Donald lies over and over
Heard you haven't paid much taxes of taxes in the last 2 decades & that is the reason you are not releasing tax statements
Presidents don't tweet! The ones that do so often are insecure, inept and totally lacking intelligence. Be presidential.
says the guy who says "I hear this" and "people are telling me that" without naming sources.
I couldn't agree more. How about "Lots of people are saying...? Is it the "lots" that makes the difference or the "of?"
i have little faith many take you seriously...
and while on life support blood therapy she sacrificed a chicken to scary owl moloch
#RETWEET #RT 

AMERICANS WAKE UP 
 #ClintonScandals 
 https://twitter.com/Julius_Swerving/status/781532405148610560/video/1 …
this is a good rule to remember when the bullshit starts flying out of YOUR face hole too.  #whinylittlebitch
@trumpflorida16 @FoxNews Not 3am lol!Pictures say, all in for TRUMP/PENCE 2016! Wow, working,missed Hillary protest! #MAGA
U mean like your "credible sources" that told you @POTUS birth certificate was a fake? #lyindonald #crazydonald #nevertrump
make America great again!!!
If you don't show your tax returns , they don't exist eather :)  wiki leeks might have them soon :)
you should listen to your words. You and your "very reliable sources" that you don't name.
Just because you don't know how to honor privacy doesn't mean media doesn't. It's called building trust and knowing when to shut up.
You're quoted talking about those parties.... Did you forget?
Believe me, Donald has the worst sources, deplorable sources. When @seanhannity is a source, you're not credible. SAD!
You mean like when you always say "many many people are saying...." ? Is that what you mean ?
so I guess the sex tape don't exist since you show no source of it existing
And yet you do this constantly. "People are saying" does not constitute an actual source.
Sources say U were issued a Cease & Desist Court order 2stop raise fund through Ur fraudulent foundation. LOL @SpeakerRyan
many people have said is better.
And btw don't believe I grope unsuspecting women and have small Orange hands

so Donnie, what time's your Twitter  meltdown tonight ?  Just in case I can't sleep, I need a good laugh.
classic tactics to drive the narrative
Like when your boys at Faux news use "critics say". Just a cover for the BS your corporate media spooges for you.
we can trust you.
same goes for when @POTUS or the @WhiteHouse staff quotes unnamed sources then, right?
Andrea Mitchell very dishonest.
hey Donald tell the world you have bigger hands than Bill in the next debate!
the hypocrisy of this tweet is deplorable. When have you ever named a source?
he doesn't need one he always goes back on what he says,no one disagrees with Donald trump more than himself
Interesting statement from a guy who never cites legitimate souces (people are saying is not one) or provides evidence for wild claims!!
Eve Ensler: The undeniable rape culture of Donald Trump http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/the-undeniable-rape-culture-of-donald-trump_us_57ee5879e4b0c2407cdd4c92?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostWomen
mr. Trump don't fall and they Hillary's game stick to the facts thats what you know people need to know what you're going
get over yourself. Even your ppl letting the truth out
baffling buffoon!
L
O
S
E
R

Quit your campaign. Polls don't reflect the landslide u will lose by! HA! Embarrassing!

is that like we never found out who the sources were during his whole birth certificate hunt?
They do exist! Look around you.. They are everywhere!!!
you try to discredit the media when you constantly rave about all that you're "hearing"? #NeverTrump #DumpTrump #GTFOTrump
your dishonest
I don't believe anything they say the American people have got your back let's make America great again
Oh you mean like YOUR sources
isn't your source many many people who say?
so we can't believe anything the dishonest media says?
you are the king in  the "my reliable sources" category
here is a source related to YOUR porn video.
but we should believe "many people say..."?
We already know! We don't believe them we've seen how they operate! Don't respond, that's what they want let it go.
Some people are saying you are done.
awwwwwww. Is someone worried that his peons aren't all yes men?
you are unfit. Source: me.
Donald Trump called Ms. Machado a pig Megyn Kelly a Bimbo he insulted every woman. Stand up for woman Never Vote Trump
just like your tweets lol
player please - you never name your sources. "Lots of great people" and "Believe me" are the only citations you ever use.
NAILED it Dr Trump! #MAGA
Yeah the media uses "sources said" @realDonaldTrump says "people are saying" "they are saying" "a lot of people are saying"
.@realDonaldTrump Media should just refer to verifiable sources like #Trump spokesmen #JohnMiller and #JohnBarron. #GOP #NeverTrump #Clinton
many people are saying this tweet never happened
true. But you can still start a conspiracy theory that way!
you would know about dishonesty! You're the king of dishonesty.
Lol but your facts are what you hear people say
i believe "sources said" as much as i believe, "I heard" unless sources of both are cited
What you share on Twitter may be viewed all around the world instantly. You are what you Tweet!
would that be the same as your " many people, lots of people"?
Please name the source of the Machado sex tape you referenced.
Donald Chump. In case no one told u. This is not reality TV.  YOU can't WIN.
That's funny...you're so fond of "some people say...." and pass it off as truth!
looks like someone only likes parts of the constitution that favor his stances. #freedomOfPress #thatsHowItsDone
what do you know about sources?
so the CBS poll do exists????
Wow. I guess you'd know. You've been making baseless accusations all campaign.
and you interpret body language
Because your mouth pieces couldn't site a source to save their own damn lives!
This is the time to focus your mind- Act wisely- Enemy will try to provoke you in many ways to destroy you.
so since we haven't seen your penis, does that mean it doesn't exist? #mistresstaraforpresident
I could say the same about you, Donald. Nobody should trust you.
irony, considering all the sources cited to your underpaying of immigrant workers in the past.
you mean like all your "facts" you quote that aren't true?
.@realDonaldTrump Since all your staff & even volunteers had to sign NDAs, anonymity is their only option for discussing your melt-down.
Sources said DJT is a corrupt, lying, narcissistic, misogynistic scum ball.  #SourcesSaid
this from the king of fake, false and vacant attributions! "...I am just saying many people have told me..." #LyingLunatic
This from the man who has launched numerous attacks by saying, "people are saying" and "I heard somebody say."
You don't name sources either. "Many, many people" is your go-to when telling your lies.
The way to get things done is to place good people where they produce the best outcome.
Donnie u sure are getting beat up lately. Bill Maher got u good. Hillary tar & feathered u exceptionally well-WOW-Loser

AS MOST IF NOT ALL YOUR RHETORIC.
Just like your debate skills. "Just read an article." Okay which one?
you should hire stephan molyneux a politic philosopher advisory
many, many people said that many many people is a valid citation...Oh no, that was just you. #lyingTrump
