Ever hear that saying when you point a finger at someone three fingers are pointing back at you, meaning you are 3xs worse
SORE LOSER!!!!!!!!
Looks like you two got along pretty well today.  Still fighting you?
@socalmike_SD LOCK HER UP and for God's sake stop the offspring from running for anything.
Paul Ryan hates you.
@michaeljcullin1
lol
ALL politicos and media are afraid you will expose the true depths of corruption in govt! WE fight with you!
read Psalms 35...King David had false accusers as well...I sensed he was talking about HRC
I cannot stand Ryan but I agree with him on this one. You are not a Nominee you are an unhinged Orange Hitler wannabe.
No, he's always fighting YOU. There's a difference. He wouldn't fight someone who could do the job. #dipshitDonald
we love you Trumpster!
u did  an excellent debate!
WRONG!!


so true, Ryan is a traitor like Mitt Romney!
Hopefully we can dispense with Mr. Ryan.
then who is clean and correct. Is it only you. Looks like you have problem with everyone.
it seems that P. Ryan is in bed w Hillary.
Ryan is one of Hitlery's secret pals.
Paul Ryan should never have endorsed you to begin with. You made this mess, Trump! 
You! 
Not Ryan.
I bet you were laughed at in the locker room,ya know,cos of your small pee pee
@HileryClinton honestly Donald trump said any thing but henery are going to become of president of america because america
Stick a fork in you, you're done, even here in TEXAS.
Poor Paul Ryan.  I'm sure he never thought he would have to support you.
and your corrupt because of your links to Putin, Russia, Yanukovych and many more
Ryan sucks! Need new leadership!
your damnation is inevitable. All of humanity will see it. Repent now, while you still can.
Donald, such a thin skin. Time to grow up
he's 2 face but singed Obama's 1 billion a day account what happened to us Vets & he's for himself ??
if you weren't such a jerk he wouldn't have to fight you
LOL YOU WERE A LAST CHOICE,NOT A FIRST CHOICE.
We the people elect POTUS.WE want TRUMP!Congress doesn't get to choose for us!We chose you!Never forget liberal media LIES!
it's time to STOPthe negativity within our party.We need every GOPcandidate electedin our countrySupport each other!
What in the hell is congress or the senate doing to correct voter fraud I mean who is in charge???
You need to make peace w him Donald. He's a good man. You need him@on your side!
Crybaby. Quit your crying. #ImWithHer #trumpisacrook
When you are President, dump these turncoat Republicans..
.@realDonaldTrump PLEASE FINISH EXTREMELY STRONG THE GUY IS A COWARD ALONG WITH @CNN @washingtonpost @ABC @nytimes @MSNBC @maddow #Trump2016
KEY Issue:  Global Elites VS USA First: Immig, trade, foreign affairs, ALL issues spin ard USA vs Global
VIVA DONALD TRUMP PARA PRESIDENTE DOS USA, SERÁ O MELHOR
Trump mania.  Our next President
Rhino Ryan is a Democrat in Republican clothing No Backbone! Turned back on Americans #GOPBrokenPromises #VOTE4TRUMP
Paul Ryan makes millions.
Annually.
He's fighting to the death to keep his paychecks.
He's a despicable human being.
so maybe you should ask yourself why.
you're both crooked let's keep it real Don
no he has not always but he is now as he should Congress is the blame not @HillaryClinton or @POTUS
get all your notes on wiki leaks and hit her all thru the debate!!!!!!
anyone who abandons Trump will not be getting my vote
So call a truce! You NEED the GOP and we NEED YOU!  Show integrity, act matured, citizenship is a privilege not a rite.
thank God Paul Ryan fights you....he knows you are unfit to be POTUS!
for real.  GO TRUMP!!!  Donald. Do you read tweets to you. If so. We need you. This country needs you to
hahahabahhhaaahah!
P.R.--controlled by the Dems?????
only the crazy, self-indulged nominee


blah blah blah, crooked Hillary, conspiracies, Alec Baldwin, media, Eneryone is against me.
Ryan is an Obama ass kisser.
Just a corrupt & disgusting little worm. Even his voice is creepy 
how can you expect to lead if you don't respect anyone
and Paul along with other Republicans that don't support who "we the people" selected should be ran out of Washington now!!
for or against?
I believe the traitor elites will regret this
infuriating. What in the name of all things that makes sense is wrong with the party?
I love selective amnesia, as if we don't remember #prosperity and revenues in the #Clinton years. @HillaryClinton
@Hisladydiana 
That's because Ryan has been corrupted!!
yep Ryan must not he trusted he & his wife are the Clintons in the making. Ryan planned on running 2020. Stop him

@SpeakerRyan Ryan get on the train because you won't recover the backlash 4 not supporting the peoples choice #TrumpPence16
TRUMP KNOWS ALL ABOUT CORRUPTION. HE IS THE MOST CORRUPT AND EVIL MAN IN AMERICA OR THE WORLD FOR THAT MATTER.
RYAN IS NOT A COUNT 4 THE REP OR 4 THE AMERICAN PPL HIS CONCERNS R ENTITLEMENTS
The Republicans have a corrupt political machine pushing YOU. A little 3 year old whiner.
sad , sad man in denial. Your "so-called "Star power " after meeting 2nd wife at Church
as you throw shit your failing Towers of Crap are falling. Oh Look! Everyone has left he building in DC
as a republican I'm ashamed, our GOP leaders will own the destruction of this country if Hillary wins this election!
go paul ryan !
@SpeakerRyan is fighting for America #MAGA #CokeHeadTrump #CrackHeadNation
So true! @SpeakerRyan is despicable!!!
You know illegal aliens cannot vote, right Don? Your handlers are making you look really bad.
fighting you Mr. Inconpetent.
incompetant
is this the Paul Ryan who dissed you?
You aren't Republican, you are a menace to society and you are losing BIGLY. You bombed a Rep Office- we know U did it!
They don't want you; give it up; let Pence continue; he won't get elected, but he would be better.
Paul r is such a dem in half republican half dem clothing. Won't even b true to self. Hrc follower. Power power craves it
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_58031549e4b0162c043c73a3 …?
quit complaining about Ryan.Everyone knows he, McCain, n his cohorts turned against u. Quit complaining about them n focus
can u let the women thing go??? People don't want to hear it. Let it go. We want to hear corruption n emails
guess @SpeakerRyan actually has some common sense and morals. If he ran he would win in a rout. And I'm a #democrat
hate him
Obama campaigning for Trump, saying all the same things Trump says about Clinton, 8 years ago.
https://youtu.be/CpcSriByVA8 
yes he is a traitor i never liked him now I dislike him more
I heard& read HRC is the new POTUS and she is pick of NWO;it's pre-set and arranged unless landslide by U...
Holy shit. This #Veritas #BirdDogging is on a silver platter for you and you attack your own? You're fucking mental.
you are the master of evil, hate and sexual abuse of women CRY BABY CRY
no no, just you cause are dangerous lunatic
Donald talk issues. Let the surrogates defend allegations. Stick to the issues and you can win. It's a distraction.
your nuts, god help America.
Ahhhh.......yup....... that sounds about right !
@SpeakerRyan is in Hillarys back pocket.
this is the best definition of sore loser I ever read.
.@realDonaldTrump Let's be honest here Donald- it's because you suck.
@Trumpertarian Ryan is an imbecile!He is ademocrat in sheeps clothing.He wants tosecure ajob under Hillary if she wins
and then we have you, a pile of radioactive sludge!
Oh, and ur also LOSING! No conspiracy, nothing rigged. No one 2 blame but urself Trump. U just don't have the temperament.
Trump, u know as well as I do, if the tables were turned in ur favor, there'd b no "rigged system" then, right? Ur grasping
and you're rigged by Russia
He is correct!
aren't you the one who is always fighting with everyone?
I am concerned about the states Georg Soros owns the ballots!   Can you check into that?
waah waah waah what a crying baby !!!!!

Any idea why @SpeakerRyan wants Hillary to be elected president?
I have two questions for @SpeakerRyan
1 How much did your net worth increase under Obama?
2 What have you produced in 8 years?
on Election Day, the closest you will get to The Oval Office is Melania's Oval Orafice. Maybe it will be hers, you tell me.
Poor baby Donald, everybody's picking on you.
When did that happen? He's just praying you don't take the House and Senate down with you.
Paul Ryan says's he doesn't know who you are or how you got here.
There's no crying in baseball
you have Paul Ryan, who apparently knows a loser when he sees one.
got to get rid of that guy.
Paul Ryan is a conservative, you're not..THE END
when is someone going to be held accountable and go to jail!! 
@SpeakerRyan he should withdraw his support and walk away from you as fast as he can.
Nobody cares! People know what is going on. Stay on subject and kick her ass! I know you can, SO DO IT!!! ATTACK, ATTACK!!
The guy is a loser.  I didn't like him from the first time I saw him.  It's called discernment.
Your followers are low energy baby boomers who can't handle societal change. They cry like babies.
It seems to me that Paul Ryan been taking lessons from Romney on how to look stupid.
please just follow Pence's example.  Stiick to talking about what YOU will do for America!!
I would like to meet Mr
Ryan face to face and see what kind of man he is!!
The GOP are held hostages by you and the The Tea baggers.
Don't get sidetracked on their trash. Hammer back hard against HTC and her corruption
honest Hillary @HillaryClinton
I'd say you've lost your mind but now I'm convinced you never HAD one to begin with.
@JOMainEvent I and around 30 of my female friends are behind you 100 percent.
No matter what you think of Paul Ryan, and I agree with you, there is only one person to beat. Stay on message. No whining.
art of war. attack the enemy where they are weak, not strong. get off defense. they are dictating YOUR strategy.
you're no outsider. You're as much a part of the problem as the politicians who take your money.#dishonestdonald
@gene70 @CNN @HillaryClinton when a mother supports DT, you are telling your son/dau. this behavior is appropriate! Pray!
you for Donald! 
keep fighting repubicans (not a typo)are spineless Wiesel
.... the DNC is totally corrupt...people getting wise to manipulation and barrage of attacks.  I'm now a Trump supporter!
Donald you are republicans nominee, then why Paul is not supporting you or against you? Why?
Ryan is part of Clintons corrupt machine he is pathetic, he should run for Pope if he is so pure
not always. Just you.
Pwo Liwl Babee.....aww...
focus: economy, unemployment, Hillary's "open borders" & WikiLeaks about Hillary's hating voters and minorities
@HillaryClinton @CNN @SpeakerRyan @maddow It ONLY goes right when it goes your way! I'm a Soldier, you wouldn't last a day!
why would you go do a Jimmy Kimmel skit that is true? You want a Hitler in the Whitehouse?
Exactly! The Dems are ride or die for their candidate and the Republicans Don't!
YES!!! Now we know! What will America be like when Hillary wins? We want to know. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA #FoxNews2016
#StateDeptTreasonsLiberalReasonsItsUnsafe #4DayWorkWeek5DayPay
do u believe that insults are a program ...
Ohhh...poor widdle thing! For God's sake, someone give him a binky!
Mr Trump please focus on the positive, ignore Hillary and stop defending yourself! You are great make US great
really? ......that crooked Paul - wow
Paul Ryan is highly selfish,greedy,corrupt with lust for money and power without the necessary hard work and competence.
He knows your Unhinged !
@Trumpertarian DNC has this: https://youtu.be/5IuJGHuIkzY 
That's true, he's been fighting the Republican nominee ever since you were officially named it
#NeverTrump
Get someone to change that pissy diaper. I'm tired of you and the same old shit - day in, day out. #NeverTrump #RT

stop with Paul Ryan. Who cares
OMG..who really believes this idiot? He is the lowest form of human on the planet.. send him to Mars on the 1st expedition.
