How again?
you want specifics of a battle plan? Let me guess you never served.
Never. Also never had 5 deferments, one for a ‘bone spur’. Good luck.
as a veteran combat medic yes a bone spur is bad news for a soldier had to keep them back
How about the other ones? And how can you stand behind what DT said re McCain? Not a war hero?
he's not
Arms broken, teeth broken, could’ve left early and chose not to. Whatever man.
that makes him a hero? Seen guys fight with worse
I'm a believer!
yeah...you sound worth hiring...
How? Where's your plan
why would he give enemy a heads up?
He has no plan. That's a fact. @JesseASweeney @realDonaldTrump
sure anonymous account
@TeamTrump @mike_pence cain won't shut up..and like our corrupt media, takes Trump's comments way out of context He is nuts
.sorry.sh be TIM KAINE, not pence..Tim cannot speak w/o making a fool of himself!  Mike Pence great!
#DonTheCon will only defeat his investors and the American People.
First you need 2defeat Clinton.Pence shldn't be defending you-he shld be hitting back instead.So why isn't he?
you can't even defeat your own hair.
Pence steady and solid. Kaine interrupts like a 5 year old toddler. #VPDebate

NO, not you, you are incapable, Pence maybe.
how will you defeat ISIS?
will defeat ISIS — with his sooper-seekrit strategy he got from a box of Cracker Jacks #VPDebate
You can't even defeat a woman in a debate.  You're useless and perpetually devoid of a plan for anything.
with what, tough talk? have you met with deniro yet, chumpster?
show us your plan dafdy trump
.@mike_pence and I will defeat ISIS!! We just need to say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR enough and it will go away! #VPDebate

@realDonaldTrump

What happened to "calling it what it is?" Or was that maybe just talk to rile up your islamophobic base? 
WRONG sniff sniff
thank goodness
advice, don't ban Muslims. ISIS Will have more incentive for recruitment.
by violating the constitution
yes you will!!!! #VoteTrump2016
Good!!!
How? They aren't a bunch of women you can bully around.
After he puts down the vets who were captured and those with PTSD first.
draft dodger
im for you both but damm get pissed focus and take them to task
Yes.  Take the handcuffs off the FBI....
bullshit
And just how do you plan to do that? Rape them all to death? Grope them until they surrender?
he will stop this craziness

Bullshit!You both NEVER say HOW beyond wot current ObamaAdmin & USDOD/Coalition is doing!  #ISIS IS DONE!
You will!

POOR_Donald. Don't forget to ask the generals because you DON'T have a plan. You're a bullshit artist

Trump is an Isis recruiter
I don't know, @HillaryClinton  made a new drink called the #osamabinladen , two shots and a splash of water u draft dodger
yes ban all muslims
u & Pence will put the safety & security of the American people 1st.  That's what we need. Then work on unity
ha hahahahah you will cause more wars than America ever had.
PUTOOOBSBDBD
Kaine loves saying DONALD TRUMP! Pence is a CLASS act! Very admirable...they MUST let him talk!! Kaine IS rude!
Dema commas are so stupid
shut up
HOW?
Tim Kaine is a ass. Rude irritating what a farce. Where is the moderator???
how?
YALL LOWKEY FUCKING EACH OTHER YALL FORGOT U ASKED ME TO TAPE YALL FUCKING ON SOME GAY PORN SHIT I GOT THE VID
@PolitixGal @mike_pence - Since you didn't pick me as a running mate. Secretary of Defense will work nicely.
I thought you and  Putin were going to do it?
Did you ask Putin to be your VP?
we are with you....I hope lots more on the #TrumpTrain
Thank God! The two of you are dropping this insane campaign and going off to the battlefield to fight ISIS. RIP
Kaine seems to be racist for calling people while pointing to Pence you people that's a racist phrase I'm Hispa
@hillaryclinton @msnbc ok, quick: what do the letter ISIS stand for?...........................I thought so!
hey, haven't heard about that ban on a religion in a while. is Pence prepped for that one?
Islam is phobic of all other religions aside from Islam. Read the Quran. Fucked up shit.
Illegals do have constitutional rights
yeah right I bet if asked you to attack the Sunnis you'd bomb Iran.
http://en.farsnews.com/newstext.aspx?nn=13950714001144 … So The US conclusively is supporting ISIS. Great job, Obama & Hillary. Explains a LOT.
Kris Saucier is sentenced to a year @timkaine for far less than @HillaryClinton had on her server.
You won't do anything but get this country into trouble. You don't know enough to defeat ISIS.
this country is already in trouble and tell me what a mountain girl from Tenn know about Isis
You and your deplorables are going down

Hey @realDonaldTrump it's not Batman, it's Superman. Tim Kaine looks like a dumb down version of Lex Luthor. #VPDebate 
Kaine needs to go to a school to learn manners.It's funny for Kaine smiles as Hillary. This man K just turns everything around
how? #noplan
probably not
how UNFAIR is @CNN have Kain interrupt Pence at all times, yet not the other way around. NASTY repporter!
HOW smart guy ?
#VPDebate
.@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence You have to be living in a dream world if you think Hillary will protect us from terrorism.  You will.
is dissing your man Putin, @realdonaldtrump. Vlad is going to be PO'd.
This moderator is terrible!
Meanwhile your opponent calls them 'refugees.'
Russia Is Doing a Great Job Fighting Isis, Obama/Hilary are giving Isis  weapons of mass destruction...
Hillary/Obama created ISIS, Trump/Pence will end it in USA. Extreme ISIS stick to Jihad,Americans will stick to Jesus!
If you do you'll have to accept (possibly a lot of) collateral damage.... sorry.... sad truth....
@HillaryClinton @timkaine no you won't Donald, you won't be President #nevertrump
I believe you will!
With absolutely no military experience, it's more likely that you will fuel it beyond the point that we can do shit.
why should we trust a treasonous trump?http://www.newsweek.com/2016/10/14/donald-trump-cuban-embargo-castro-violated-florida-504059.html …
oh that's right u know better than all those generals u r going to firer
Kaine is just crushing Pence. Kaine seems like he's having fun, Pence looks like he'd rather not be there
That hag Brewer? Isn't she dead yet?
personally?
I doubt you will ever get a chance.  You aren't qualified for the job.
hahahahahahaha....
November 9th 2016 the man at the table with Mike Pence they will call "Citzen Kaine!"
Tim kaine is a spaz
right-keep dreaming
.@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence did a FANTASTIC job debating @timkaine His explanation for the Trump/Pence plan 4 America was amazing!
And how would you do that? Details please @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
why do we have to debate the moderators as well as the democrit candidate.
Iraq withdrawal that "Created Isis" was by Bush admin! #FACT #VPDebate  #PENCELOSES @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
hey this is important...
Kaine wants this to be a monologue, by an idiot that is.
And cure cancer.
@KellyannePolls 

WE HAVE TERROR in r we have fighting in our streets-our economy is shot &ALL THEY HAVE IS DJT TAXES
Jaime didn't like this line of questioning looks nervous
kaine doesn't seem like someone i can trust!
sure you will, you and your weak ankles. You're a fraud.
GREAT JOB MIKE WE LOVE YOU AND DONALD GO USA!
TRUMP BELIEVES THAT MINIUM WAGE SHOULD BE REDUCED TO 7.25. Americans this is true.
and lets Kaine talk over Pence.
Are you sad your running mate changes the subject EVERY time he is asked to defend your insanity?
U going to wear a uniform and display your Purple Heart??
looking forward to what you will both accomplish as a team!! @mike_pence great choice for VP!!
Hilary stand up is a reset button
Spoiled TRUST FUND BABY only a fool believes you. You're a failure & poison to anything but yourself. @heytana @mike_pence
you can't even defeat bankruptcy! How about just pay those you owe? And taxes?! Now THAT would impress!
Hilary had all the time to do something with ISiS and has done nothing but made matters worse
you have to know what ISIS is first. Can't attack all Muslims you run into on the streets. #BigLeagueTruth
Trump can't fight his way out of a paper bag.
why didn't you say Putin isn't a pussy like Obama
set up safe zone in northern syria THEN bomb the shit out of them. 70% of bombing missions pilots dont drop any
Yes, as soon as you beat up Miss Machado
Tell Kaine to Shut the Fuck up!  He talks over Pence.  Pence should on national TV tell him to shut up.

yes pence is a gret speaker. You should practice with him for the next debate. He will help you.
will never happen.
cool story bro tell it again
I have to say, your vice president is better than you.
#IAMSUDEPAWARE
HOW?????  Oh, that's right. You have a secret plan and we should TRUST you.
Haha no you won't
SinghBrothers will back you up Mr. Donald Trump
IF HRC DID SUCH A GREAT JOB AS SEC OF STATE, THEN WHY IS EVERYTHING OVER THERE SO SCREWED UP?  MINDBOGGLING
who is enlisting from your love one.History indicated who
You cannot even defeat a tweet....looser
pence is killing Kaine.
you don't even know how to find ISIS.
because you've already said your nuking the world.
@elaine is bias too!
Here's Proof That Mike Pence is Just as Radical as Trump and Maybe Even Crazier - http://go.shr.lc/2a5MidF  via @ForwardProgs
build that wall
It seems that it is two against one Kaine and the moderator against Pence
Vote Hillary because TRUMP does not care about me. Plus Kaine won the GREAT DEBATE. Trump I wish I could forgive you.
he means just him and pence
They'll take on ISIS with their bare hands
whatever Comanche!
We knew the moderator would be on the dems side. Sick of it!!!
Kaine is such smarmy character, given HRC's health, scary he could be president
NO YOU WONT #UNFIT
wow is this clown kaine desperate
Yeah? What's your plan this week?
elaine is buad
so pathetic.  all he does is shake his head. He has no idea what is being asked. #brainlesstrumpette
@PeytonK____ @mike_pence if you figure out where Syria is
Tim Kaine is having a drunken sailor by you and is  like having a wasp in the house all night
RELEASE YOUR TAXES!
NOW!
RELEASE YOUR TAXES!
NOW!
RELEASE YOUR TAXES!
Can't do anything right!!!!!
ISIS AND PUTIN WANT TRUMP ELECTED

Pence is clearly winning this debate
that's awkward. They're endorsing you
Are you going to slap ISIS with your baby sized hands?
love Y'all can't wait to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
You have to win first. Delusional people tend not to succeed in a sane world
Oh my Gosh, the idiot tax thing again.....
