republicans have failed
@Bikers4Trump @Mike_Beacham @Rambobiggs @greta @WeNeedTrump @nia4_trump @CarmineZozzora
You praise Putin and you know him. STOP the LIE!!!
respond #whineylittlebitch
make one of all your failed deals!
Failed, my ass!  #imwithher

30 yrs trying to be brilliant but not brilliant with $150 Bn to Iran Nuclear not the Posterity of God. MAGA
its 1:49 I am listening to you on You Tube 22565 an counting watching your rally!  #MAGA
you want to replace Obamacare like you said, pls can you tell with wat, I bet you got nothing gud as plan, loudmouth trump
YES SHE SURE DID...
dude, you will fail America itself
What the fuck
Trump, grow up for fuck's sake. 
.@realDonaldTrump @1TrumpMAGA Wish you could keep saying it. But..Not too "Presidential". But please don't stop being NON PC

#truthbetold
@s1a2m3o4u5 
Add Ukraine 
Keep asking Hillary how can you be trusted?

here's a liberal role model. Trump never said he was one. What say you?
500+ businesses started, only 6 bankruptcies? That's great. 80% new businesses fail in 5 yr
Aver hijo de puta.. Ati que coño te esta pasando? Te dan la droga caduca o que? No vas a durar mas de una semana te lo juro
Keep hammering her illegal acts and her failures
Reminder - POTUS makes the ultimate decision and takes responsibility. Something U seem to have issues with.
stay on issues and you will win
She should be in prison
@Trump4Hope We will not forget!
I'd say her banker friends would call her fairly successful. If elected she has her sights on Iran. Don't fall for it. BS!
DELETE Hillary Clinton!
HILLARY GAVE THEM ARE 6 BILLION 2 DONATE 2 HER CAMPAIGN NEXT DEBATE LET ME ANSWER ONLINE QUESTION WHERES R DAMN MONEY BIT@H
Also, the DR in Pakistan who helped the US catch Bin Laden is in jail. Y didn't Hillary secure his release?

Your party had 90% of the blame, holding back, never giving the administration any help.  Hillary is one person..
and you have repeatedly failed right here
You are a FAILURE in your character and moral fiber
Isn't it the Russian Federation now?
you forgot Haiti.
Donald failed all over the business spectrum!
Like you failed with Nancy O'Dell??!!
HILLARY CLINTON HAS A 30-YEAR TRADITION OF DECEPTION AND FAILURE
I hope you can speak Russian.  That's where you will end up.
you suck!
Narcissitic, Racist. Masochistic 70 year old child
she has not fail you have haved failed
YOU FOR GOT THE GENOCIDE AGAINST PALESTINE
You have no knowledge of world affairs
YOU have failed all over as well #DumpTrump
Isn't this your list?
Lying Donald, failed at 2 marriages and bankrupt 6 times, abusive to women, failed Taj Mahal Atlantic City.  My opinion.
- Another obvious non-Trump comment, since he does not know where ANY of these places are, and cannot spell them.
isn't it "crooked" to cheat off others People's notes? #creepydebatestalker
Sad List of Failures... Worse, why do so many continue to support Hillary & Bill over their deplorable Failures? Sickening!
wrkng
Benghazi is in Libya.
More facts! You have the best charts! #DictatorDonnie
You failed your family, I'm not surprised they all distanced themselves from you last night. Your a joke. #NeverTrump
didnt fail!he provided for them.  @HillaryClinton lived in free Gov housing. He struggled like a real American.
Lol, he was born with a silver spoon in his mouth, He got a million dollar loan. #NeverTrump
lives off taxpayers money. She's a Racketeer. He built many businesses like REAL Americans do
By going bankrupt 6 times and stiffing people on what their due? He is a con man and a joke.
clearly ur  big business owner running big businesses? Our GOV @HillaryClinton has lived off 30+ yrs=$$$T in debt on her watch!
But @realDonaldTrump failed at Washington University and Hofstra, and when trying to sexually assault married women

#Election2016

very proud of you Donald last night! I wish you would've mentioned the Clinton foundation and her contributions to it!
She still has voters The Holy Bible said when the end time is near people choose to believe lies over truth
Jesus come soon
U.S policy regarding Eygpt during the Muslim Brotherhood rise was also a failure.
Dude, Libya and Benghzi is the same. Don't go Alon Mizrachi on us.
co..co...co...cockkk blockkkkk!!!!!!!!111!!!!
לא מכובד. סליחה

Russian Reset was the stupidest thing I've ever seen!

#NeverHillary #HillaryZombie #CrookedHillary
I'm sure Putin got a good laugh out of it too when he tossed it out in the garbage.
Doesn't seem that she's done well at home either. Just an observation from an average voter.
she lied to us about Iraq and expects you to have the same facts to make the judgement she did
Bingo
You are The ROCK BALBOA real life story in politics. You're the champ!
Trump is clueless!
Trump go back to school learn history tell pence to pray to his god for forgiveness, then tell Kelly Ann hide under a rock
WOW! You performed great at the debate!! OUTSTANDING!!!
TRUE THAT!!!
You forgot to list Chelsea..  And Danny...
@last_jones and what makes u less crocked.your values need auto correct, especially when they are all locker room talk
@HillaryClinton has broke the law and so you pick her.wake up America.
and trump hasn't 
What about the men that wanted help she didnt send help.they are all dead.
#blahblahblah!
wrong Robin so show us your tax returns duplicitous Donald
So true! @HillaryClinton is a TOTAL failure!  She is in a delusional state of mind right now...looking for her Utopia.
Whiny Donnie the ultimate hypocrite...
REMEMBER the OBAMA CLINTON #ARABSpring #Failure Tunisia Egypt Yemen Libya ALL worst TODAY @redstatesnews @NRSC #Deplorables
there is not a bigger crook then you
actually these r good points 2 bad it's u who is the candidate. anybody else would b winnin #Debate
Crooked Hillary Dishonest Liar create the Libyan/Syria disaster Hundred of Thousand Refuge Death & Million invaded Europe!
not going to help you are a LOSER
true, but you don't even know where most of these places are... 
HILLARY CLINTON IS A WASTE

#pussygrabber has no idea what he's talking about.
yes
Why did Pakistan not figure in her list of failures across the world?
And #Ethiopia
@MasterGuns1313
Something like all of your bankruptcies and the businesses you've destroyed. You don't pay anyone.
sometimes paying bills a little short, so I go as far up the alphabet as I can. Just made it to T. Give what I can !
AND YET HERE IN AMERICA,SHE KEEP BEATING YOUR BUTT IN THE DEBATES.
you forgot Hillary's biggest success in the Middle East. The liberating of some place called Bagdadeeeee.
@mrrooijen Actually it’s not true. Most of this issues we get after George W. Bush. Just like most part of the debt
BREAKING!!11 SHOCK!!! Trump damn pervert!!11
Maybe you missed this. The take away picture from the debate
WRONG
and Donald you have failed in the USA until you filed 6 bankruptcies and took advantage of poor ppl bc of a crisis. BITCH!!
what do you think.  ? Can you make iraq safe !?
and she's a laughingstock.
But you have failed in life because you don't care...
@emanuelmccray @HandsandButtons @TrumpGenius Absolutely. I loved it when U made her laugh. Meant a solid left hook landed.
#youreadouche
@JPY_Kurdish Oh so your saying too she failed in being part of the plan in bin Laden??? And what had you done PAY NO TAXES?
The Russian reset was another major debacle accomplished by Hillary that still is having negative repercussions even now.
#debate
add Ukraine to it!
You have failed in being a gentleman. Your big obnoxious buildings and your big airplane are so cheesy.
Well done Hillary!Ha Ha Ha!
You forgot Honduras, Ecuador and Haiti.
Just finished watching the debate via youtube. IMO tho, @realDonaldTrump dropped the hammer on @HillaryClinton tonight. #Debates2016 #tcot
you can olny lie about everything donald trump richard
Obama is writing index cards for hill because she is not smart enough to write her own. When speaking it sounds like Obama
@CALA_1111 
Way da go, sir. You got to her...good!
And our country became the laughingstock.   We need Trump to return honor to our country.   Go Trump!
Now she wants a chance to fail in America, because her resume is incomplete.
@realDonaldTrump #politics
Can we talk about all your failures? Steak, airlines, universities, bankruptcies, sexual assaults, hair, marriages?
Listen to the audience!! They loved whatever he was saying. They only Moaned when she spoke!
Please don't let her FAIL here too. #MAGA
you sounded like a #whinylittlebitch.
You didn't call her crooked Hillary in the second debate now you doing it after the debate!#cowardly Trump!

OMG! FALSE yet again #FactCheck
you just handed out the greatest one liner in the history of all debates. I salute you sir....
@HillaryClinton whats about pakistaniterrorist??
go play with your son Donald..you will never be President, Answer the damn question, 5 kids 3 moms good job mom
.@realDonaldTrump @pmbasse Add Crimea, Ukraine, N.Korea nukes, & Russia moving nukes next to Poland, condition of America.
#StopHillaryClinton2016
#StopHillaryClinton2016
It is what it IS!
YES SHE DID AND YOU NAILED WHAT AMERICA WANTED ANSWERED
just like Colin Powell says...
Everything she touches she screws up with HUBRIS
@locknut1953
for 30 years Clinton 
Hurt Americans Libya Iran Europe irag Syria 
emails Server immunity from Obama voting for Trump
The Clintons have become wealthy from #warmongering..  #FollowTheMoney  #DebateNIght
release your tax returns con man #makeamericagropeagain
oh man, please, please show us your failures. I'll wait, again..... #debates
Cannot believe that she has lied so much!
she abandoned our troops in benghazi what makes.u think itnqobt happen again
forgot the most important one America
wow, what more can she do???  she should have to answer to
 all of her husbands' abused. give me a break
give details Donald - not lies - you always make generalizations that you can back out of -
u are failing tonight
@ksteven37 Finally....stop Hillary!
busy predator.Hunting down next married women. Condemning Mexican rapist and YOU are Master Predator? Please! #Disingeneous
#SerenaShim American journalist murdered on Turkish soil . Why have you not mention this American hero ?
We need to look out for ourselves before we can help others.
I feel really bad about the starving children around the world, but who is looking out for the starving kids in America??

Four dead in Bengahzi. @FrankLuntz
Slaughtered in Benghazi...Hillary left them there to suffer and die!!!
32 more dead if not for brave Americans going against Hillary stand down.
Stood up to Russia 

@FrankLuntz

you have failed as a human being.
Failure is defined as HRC.
Release your  tax returns and tell us about your failures, dishonest dealings and rip offs.
- LOL!!!!
You failed as a candidate for POTUS
no not u too trump
#InsecureTrump Has Failed feeling pussies
How is he tweeting while talking? Cool.
If Hillary failed what will you do for the world? What's your plan? Why don't you clear your foreign policy?
YOU FAIL AS A PERSON!
@MELANIATRUMP @billclinton
dt minion, do u have the tweet ready that says he wins the debate? might as well start the lie now. joker #DJTbatcrapcrazy
But her Special Interest buddies made billions from these wars.
I want you off my Twitter feed!
Yes. Watch Hillary touching her nose again she's giving a signal to some one. This is complete evil for Hillary
#TricksterTrump. You don't know about Russia or anything else! #ignorant What's with the sniffles? Release audits? Haha!
crash her to the end
keep kicking that a&&
