Yeah , real good idea; take away 1st time med coverage from over 20 million people. #Hillary2016
and one that rich folk can profit from
what's the PLAN?
my health care costs have doubled in the past 3 years. Im guessing obamacare is the reason. Need more affodable plans forMC
YES,  please do something about the pharmaceutical companies charging $1200 a month 4 med. That keeps working folks alive!
good idea . replace it with #UniversalHealthCare #SinglePayer ... otherwise, you'll continue to #fail
She accuses Trump of being in another reality.  Yeah, tha's why he is a Billionaire
or, repeal it and extend Congress' plan to the people.
gr8 but NO EXEMPTIONS 4 fed employees-they have 2 participate in same law/plans as the rest of us!
Just a little clue of what that new system might be. Please? Otherwise ppl might think you are just talking chit.
Yeszszzz!
And AFFORDABLE!!! Something Obummer knew nothing about!
Nope
Where is the so called plan?
There's that silly little "replace" word again
Take away healthcare from 20M VOTERS? Hmm. You might not want to follow @SpeakerRyan down that particular rabbit hole.
I bet you want a chance to see female patience naked. #Abusivepu##ygrabingTrump
Detail that marvelous system you have in mind before the elections. Also, show your taxes.
Obamacare is a huge step in the Right direction...do not throw the baby out with the bath water.
don't you read TwitterFingers? Repeal/ constitutional? Really?
You need to repeal it and allow the people input on the essentials WE need. Then force Congress to use the same plan!
Yes! and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Discuss that in the DEBATE then instead of what they want to discuss.
.@realDonaldTrump like what? can you be specific?
Stu**ed
DETAILS PLEASE...WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO EXACTLY.. OH, I KNOW BULLSHIT PEOPLE THAT IS WHAT YOU DO BEST..LOSER!!!
Do you mean, this??????
Paid for by those of us who actually pay taxes, right?
if you allow insurers to sell across state lines, won't companies organize in the least regulated state?
if you repeal the ACA, what happens to people with pre-existing conditions?
so then why don't you tell us your grand plan in detail?  Could it be because you don't have one?
Mr. Trump. You take too much time dwelling on #Clinton. Focus on development agenda for the US citizens
how do you expect to do that then, huh? You never have any real plans nor do you ever explain yourself. Just babble talk
@Trump4Hope -so many have been hurt by penalties on their taxes for not having insurance! So very sad!
health care savings accounts
- I'm a Type 1 Diabetic since birth (36 years), Obamacare/Single Payer means I die young. Repeal ASAP!!
Says nothing on what he'll do; Hillary did Why let insurance cos. price gouge ORDEr Aetna back into ACA NOW
Hillary is an idiot, period.
1st United HC (Largest HC in US) pulls out, now Blue Cross / BS is pulling out State by State. Who will be left???
#debate #MAGA Let's elect Hillary and she will fix it....
@TomiLahren tell me, what would this plan entail? All I know is you want to take us 50 years backwards
what's your plan?
Does melania (the illegal) friends wear cups over their pussy when you are around? Grap that pussy don juan
funny how you want to repeal something that you can't even explain HOW or WHAT you would replace it with!!!!
You have no freaking idea about healthcare. You don't provide it for all of your employees AND you have NO PLAN !!
love to hear you plan but you prefer to deflect!
..which will cost more $ and increase the deficit that YOU say you plan to cut? How does that work, exactly?
like what? The system before the ACA where there were lifetime caps?
Australia is doing fine though; maybe you should become a colony again? ;)
She is pathetic keep up the good work.
This Obamacare is the fault of Republicans. Reps didn't want healthcare reform so instead of helping fix it, they fought it
@Denise7Berry
So where is YOUR PLAN and how are you going to fund it?  YOU ARE ALL TALK AND NO SOLUTIONS
what are you going to replace it with? You have no plan.
please explain in detail what we will replace it with.
agreed
I am a Career Medical Professional . I can tell you a few things about health care law
Yes
taking the cap off insurance helped with my son's medical needs. He had 1mill cap. Costs were 3mill. What will happen?

We can call it "TrumpCare"!!  Cant wait for that fiasco!!!!
like what?
...and this elusive new replacement healthcare system is what exactly? This same system we have except with no regulations?
GIVEM HELL TRUMP.... If we gotta go down, then go down swing haymakers.......
Mr. Trump I believe we the people shouldn't be forced to carry health insurance.  It should be a freedom of choice!!!
@katw0405 God  gave U the Victor last night in debatethose woman waited 35+ yrs to hear that, where's  Hillary's apology
@katw0405 Great fight @ debate, get % s of race riots cops killed yr by yr from 2013 &foodstamps, name victims of illegals
@katw0405 Yes,Plz ask Hillery her title&explain  it to ppl then ask Hillary Y she did not answer calls from Benghazi?
poor Donnie has lost his mind
And that system would be the single payer system he advocates so much! Idiot.
well what would u suggest, oh wise And smart leader?
OVER MY DEAD BODY 
Yeah, I'm gonna need more details... *i say with no expectations. But still I try.*
Will your plan include buying health insurance across state lines?
@snawdog @rlockrocks
@rlockrocks

as long as im not punished with a fine for not wanting to have insurance
yes we need that and all you speak of. Go TRUMP go.
Yep.A consumer-driven self-insured(HSA) system that encourages savings,healthy lifestyles & accountability
- Since this comment uses "big words" and is minimally coherent, even though it is 100% wrong, it obviously isn't "Trump".
Great job last night.
Amen!!!!
Haters feel free to pack up and use your exit plan!
haters will hate but the truth is There will be a reckoning in November! Trump landslide!
sounds good.  What's your plan
replace with Dump Trump Care
unfortunately I am on Obama care and it sucks. My husband and I came into some hard times, this is not helping us at all.
So what the hell is this "system"?
Yes please!  It's definitely NOT affordable!
We must repeal Donald Trump.
. I know it hurts to see a black man clean up yall mess get over it. Stop crying like a baby
@TomiLahren wow brilliant common sense. So hard to find in us government
the Republican party need to repeal you.
Didn't change my mind still voting for the Donald make America great again
replace it with what you ....thug

Easy to say...let's see your plan.
Hillary doesn't have the temperment or honesty to be pres.all of America taxed to death and even after death she is crooked
can anybody tell me one thing she said that's true kids INS PAY ME &I WILL GIVE YOU THE MONOPOLY ON PREMIUMS SHE'S CROOKED.
U don't even have a plan! U can't even answer a question with an answer other than how super, great, rich and terrific U R!
How much coke did you snort before the debate last night to have you pacing around the stage for 90 minutes?  #LOSER
why don't you outline an alternative option that actually helps the people then?
You may be the captain going down with his ship, but everyone else is taking to the life boats!  #CanYouSayChoke?
they forced the middle class to cover cost for the poor which removed the government obligations and liability to pay
.@realDonaldTrump Forcing wage earners who cannot AFFORD Obamacare premiums to pay a PENALTY is gov't extortion, in my book. #VoteTrump
create a viable 3rd party
@lindaluvinlife1 what will you do for low income SS seniors who can't afford dr bills due to being sick?
good job. Republicans jumping ship=LOSERS
Americans want a universal, single payer system, as the most fair & affordable, but republicans do not want that. #debate
Amen & Amen!
And that would be what plan on your part Donald?
a system you can't begin to describe.
something only u & yr friends can afford.
Never Trump
yes
What is your plan?
@JasonMillerinDC YOU HAVE TO COME UP WITH ITS REPLACEMENT BEFORE YOU SCRAP IT LEAVING NOTHING AGAIN
and yet you can't even say with what you going to replace it smh BS
Specifics please!
like?? you never answered that question. You didn't answer any questions actually.
Hey First thing I agree with!!!
Next time explain your plan in more detail as the Libertards don't understand how competition in business works
brother died at 45 due to no insurance he worked 10 hr days.  He was born  no right hip. People will die if aca is gone
Break down the invisible wlls between states Mr. Trump! Make them EARN Americans choice!
YOU DID IT!!! I AM ONE PROUD WOMAN IN BRANSON, MO..YAY, THANK YOU, JESUS!!!!
No system! It's socialism. we don't need government to regulate healthcare we needconcerned citizens andprivate nonprofits!
thank you!
I'm so proud of you trump we were praying for you and you are the champion of the American people
the sooner the better /US wake up
In other words, allow Big Pharma and Insurance companies to charge what they want. Their greed is why it was needed.
Have you talked to big Pharma yet? They have a different view of this.
He ruined medicare.  The meds are too expensive for retirees, unless one takes the useless generics.
Amen!
, please use #ObamaCare to take care of those damn sniffles! #NoDebatingThis #SniffleAssagus

where is your plan?  Unlike fighting ISIS we need details
Agreed!
#ProudToBeATrumpDeplorable
Trump 100%
@ClintonCashJasp please do! For the 1st time in 33 years my wife doesn't have health care! #tooexpensive
Will you have a mandate 4 insurance? B/c U never answered that one last night
tell me more about your new system in replace of obamacare
@KnightBLKRifle we don't need to replace it. It needs to go away and that's it
I think he believes the free market and less government regulation would create better cheaper healthcare
Maybe you should have discussed the #AffordableCareAct in the the debate, instead of trying to grab #Hillary's pussy.
Let's call it PussyGrab
Absolutely!  Such as what?
affordable to who insurance companies or those st poverty level
& Please help the Medicare Patients! BHO is killing us in cost of Medical & Prescriptions to make up for Welfare/Medicaid!
I would hope so
It's called FREE MARKET!
Called "Every Person For Him/Herself!" Competitive, check. Comprehensive, check. Affordable? For the Gov't.
Just make sure you come up with it first. Too many Republicans want to do this backwards. Repeal, then eventually replace.
O'care is also a job killer. Most people are not allowed to even work 40 hours a week.
Amen! Obamacare is also the reason employers are not hiring full time and folks work 2-3 jobs to make ends meet
so like.. any ideas on how? Or...
Like your casinos? Cause boy, were you good at that!
No, thank you.
Release your taxes.
#trumpeffect
but you won't tell us what that is.  Is it because you don't want to reveal this strategy to our enemies too?  #sarcasm
according the latest leaked emails, HRC will dump #obamacare for Canada's health care system
the ABC politico fact check where the hell do they get their false info from the white House or Hillary nice try she lost
