The system doesn't want you. They want someone the can control.
can't imagine what US will look like for 4 free years of crooked Hillary, US is heading to a direction so wrong
see you in West Palm Beach
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
#PodestaEmails @realDonaldTrump
I'm so tired of their Bullshit.
It's all rigged, the media especially along with the State dept, Obama, The FBI, Crooked Hillary. We need you Mr TRUMP!
with all the free publicity you have received and you're still blowing it.  Guess ALL PUBLICITY IS NOT good publicity!
YOU have to do it, Donald. EVERY Rally must be a detailed news report on Hillary's crimes. Reveal more info in debate.
all came from your friends in Russia.
Hillary shills-wise up! U think hillary wont throw you in the gutter after the election? Get clever quick....
stay presidential have faith the American people support you God bless America
Probably because it is hacked nonsense.
boohoo. Just make sure your supporters get out there on Nov 28th to vote! 
it's shocking how Podesta makes his risotto
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Praying for @POTUS constantly!
slime ball
only report that! We need it to be Hillary all day long and that's going to get us the WH and media they have to there wont
this should be your campaign soundtrack #MAGA #TrumpPence16 #vote
Matt Maher "Hold us together" https://youtu.be/Qu_LZcZP9zk  via
Attack on Ryan overdue! Also attack on Congress needed to change it.
we teach our students to be positive, have a growth mindset and to be proud of their character. AKA, to not be like you.
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
your king herod.Your guilt is posted on your plane I've been trumped
- They wonder why every1 says it's rigged. #TrumpTrain #WednesdayWisdom

We will have to get it out on social media. Main stream will not do their job and report.
Yes! U r most dishonest prez ever!! Yes, u colluded with Russia to RIG THE ELECTION! Unfortunately for us it worked. Impeach!!
Broken record logic isn't logical.
not true, made the Podesto risotto last night. Gave it 4 out of 5 stars.  Incredible and edible info.
because there's NODDA there Donald! Try again!
Well fuckface, it's because you're such a shitty candidate they don't have to. Drop out and she'll lose. Fucking disgrace.
Hillary is better than you
your a fool
you don't know basic grammar- so who's the fool?
I didn't know that twitter was a place to be grammatically correct  don't be mad a trump bc ppl actually love him 
ironic how you have a black fist when trump clearly hates blacks.
Wait what, @potus now officially endorsing @wikileaks on @twitter? This is beyond being hilariously ridiculous.
Ach never mind, Old tweet. You bastard.
Problem with Trump tweets is, everything is possible.
Trouble with Trump tweets is that they tend to age very, very, badly. This one included.
Indeed. I did not expect my "error" to pop up again. While it proves me right, this does make me unhappy.
None of us are happy about any of this.  On the other hand, while recycling his old tweets does nothing as far as his "base" is concerned (frankly, nothing ever will), every one of these that comes up can reinforce to those on the fence just how dishonest he is.
what about the fact that you read Russian propaganda on stage at one of your rallies?
That's because everybody with half a brain knows that @realDonaldTrump is #PutinsPet! 
WikiLeaks is not to be trusted.  You are not to be trusted.  You are so dishonest.  #GoldenShower #DesperateDenials #GuiltyLikeNixon #LockHimUp #CrookedDonald #Jail4LittleFingers
We're all picking this up, though:
2005 Apprentice winner @randalpinkett speaks out about sexual harassment on the set of @realDonaldTrump's reality show. #ReleasetheTapes 
@MoveOn @randalpinkett
Can you pardon Julian Assange as his life must be horrible and it is not fair that a breaker of news that has more credibility than CNN is suffering in London - The world will applaud your actions and understand what the 1 Amendment stands for 
Wow! Very well said & ain't that the truth - real vs fake news! Hadn't looked at it that way before but you've made an excellent comparison.
@realDonaldTrump Please free @JulianAssange ! One shouldn't be punished for shedding light on the truth...You, most of all, can understand.
no worries. You pull in 30k people per really and she can't even fill a high school gymnasium, we're not fooled by media
99% of Trump supporters will vote. 37% of Hillary supporters are here to complain, not even registered.
common sense.
Clinton supporters are the only ones that dive into mentions exuding rage. Poor irrelevant sheep
incredible? One email said Chelsea was a spoiled brat. What a revelation
At what point do you realize the hole you dug is deep enough, and that it's time to put down the shovel?
@owhy3  And What USA media; is not fake & crooked? None!!! 
USA is Worse then Soviet Union. 
Stop euro trash boy!
http://www.illinoislottery.com/en-us/Jackpot_Games.html …

She's referring to the term "everyday Americans" not what it refers to. Do your homework before you post please
I'm sorry, you are just wrong.
Ok, I'm not going to change your mind.  We just have to agree to disagree.
BLATANT #hypocrisy EVERYTHING #DNC Dems #Hillary has accused @realDonaldTrump of..THEY'VE DONE @brianpferguson @realDonaldTrump
And now we are preparing to arrest him.
Not a moment too soon.
I am your bodyguard. I saved you so many times. Now you don't notice me senpai.
@ImReneAlexander este tio va a crear la 3 guerra mundiak es como si combinas hitler con stalin... y te sale el
hitler sólo saben decir
Y Hillary que de ella que aportan 
Va a ser lo mismo a según ustedes
La Fangirl de Donald Trump jajajaja
Jajajajajaja me da risa tu publicación 
Porque Mientes
bueno dejarr esta discucion por que es realmente inmadura
calmala Miss Madura 2017
O Miss Maduro 2017
jajaja que pendejo
Collusion
Can't wait till @DonaldJTrumpJr is jailed! #JailJunior #MuellerTime illegitimate presidency and we ALL know it
Seriously, what the f*** is wrong with you? It has to be more than just dementia.
Trump , u r scrapping the bottom of ocean n picking  whale shit for ur senator. Roy Moore
Liar, Liar, Fat Ugly Old Man On Fire
Here's an article you should read about your son, and it mentions your Wikileaks post:
You’re going to lose fair and square Don.
Nothing that has happened in this election has been fair and square. Voter fraud has already been exposed
At this time no one believed there were ties between Wikileaks/Russia. In fact Assange who claimed 100% accuracy said there was none.
And why in the name of all that's holy would anyone in his or her right mind believe Assange on this?
So wikileaks is an authoritative source? Like Alex Jones?
Have you even looked at any of the emails?
They have been shown to be false, not from HRC. Why look at garbage?
haha that is what I thought
http://www.dailynewsbin.com/news/newsweek-publishes-proof-that-wikileaks-is-leaking-fake-hillary-clinton-emails/26271/ …
Did u read the article? If so, u would see the obvious problem with the Newsweek article, the "fake" email is quoting Newsweek!
Wikileaks= FSB
Definition of irony
Trumpists have no concept of irony. They just don't understand it at all.
I wonder how is to be so ignorant that you allow others to form your own opinions? GOP is nothing but bullying people in moral.
Fake news!!! Fake news!!! Fake news!!! Fake news!!! Fake news!!!
Don't worry Dimwit. Meuller is all over it. Roger Stone will be indicted soon
Infographic: #DonaldTrump vs #HillaryClinton on the Truth-O-Meter -WHO LIES & WHO TELLS THE TRUTH 
 http://bit.ly/trumpclinton2016 …
You might want to revise this statement now. 
#TraitorTrump

Idiot
You're a far greater liar than Hillary could hope to be.  What a sleaze you are. Embarrasing this nation.  Impeach
Hopeless!

God bless Mother Russia.
Libs don't care Hillary has a Vag all that counts
let's talk about your collusion with Russians to illegally hack/steal documents and then doctor those documents!!
Ignorant "pawns" like you should never be in the electorate. Obama wants war with Russa just to save corrupt
Maybe if you keep your focus on #HillaryClinton policy and #Corruption in your Tweets and speeches, you can stop imploding.
And, no I don't like you. But here's a tip, check #PodestaEmail4 ID#5498 It pertains to #TPP @KellyannePolls
Kelly Anne "Con"way?  Alternative facts... why would I want to hear anything that she spouts?
#WikiLeaks has nothing to do with Conway.
@KellyAnnPolls is Kelly Ann Conway' s company. Not a reliable source for anything ever
You are cluelessly responding to an old Tweet you don't understand.
Do you feel better now?
Amazing isn’t it. I’ve been surfing news then go to OANN.  Love their news. I could just reach to the tv screen and choke main stream media
Do you really believe crap  that falls out of your mouth?
Have the Russians leaked your taxes yet?  #Ipaymytaxes
Maby cause they don't peddle conspiracy theory or encourage Russian hacking of the USA? But yes, Trump Loves Russian hacks.
waaaaaaaaaaa cry any louder you lost this campaign by your own vulgar self.
Rigged when they love you AND when they hate you. Live by the sword, die by the sword.
Wikileaks has no credibility. In cahoots w Trump/Putin for prez. SAD!
is that how you won the primary...rigged system?!  Always talking out of both sides of your mouth...talk about crooked
Trump tweeted about hacked Podesta emails 15 minutes after WikiLeaks asked Trump Jr. to ask him to: report #Wikileaks #TrumpRussia #TrumpLeaks http://hill.cm/EEwipjP 
Hillary posted http://www.economist.com/node/15833005  she says not bad meaning vote for blasphemy law almost passed,she wants it to pass
I'm trying to decide how to vote. What is rigged. The media... Which I can believe or the voting system
@realDonaldTrump nice of you to describe yourself: dishonest, rigged system, conspiracy w/ FSB wikileaks.
You tweeted this right after junior heard from Wikileaks, didn’t you?
Funny, I heard a lot about wiki leaks, you being a sexual predator is more important. Even @KellyannePolls can't defend
there was nothing of substance in those emails. Nov. 8th will show you how much of a loser you are.
OH BY THE WAY I HAVE TO TELL YOU,TEXAS DON'T BUY INTO THE MEDIA ,AT ALL...
Podesta used Gmail!
- Why do you cry so much? Always whining.  So unattractive.
p o f
Tell Jeff Sessions
You know that cleared people reading classified info released by Wikileaks can lose their clearance? You didn't know. Not surprised.
all that support Hillary R  blind mindless sheep! Keep listening to em & soon you'll have to ask permission to go potty!
crybaby
You're going to prison!
They must owe her $$$$.
Such a perv!
Follow Ian56 and learn the truth

WARNING 
U won't like all you find
Neither did I...
But if you seek the truth
#redpill
There's a line of women who will emerge from your past.  People in glass houses shouldn't throw rocks.
we're in shock. Praying and uniting behind you
Wikileaks is a Russian tool - just like you.
U only fly FIRST CLASS: this lady was a traveling salesman + didn't even hear U speak; how 'd she know it was U?
Oh so you're no worry about the national security data which just went in to the hands of our enemies then?
they don't care about our country. If they did they would report it. Journalism is dead
Give a speech about RELIGIOUS FREEDOM, Donald!!!!
invite Clinton's illegitimate son Danny Williams to the presidential debate put him front-and-center of Hillary
trump is not only taking the low road, he's now digging tunnels!
Trump, pence, newt, sessions, guiliani new homes after this is over.
- Not sure how that would work cause now Trump needs the same with China +all  other oppressive countries.  "Reformulate"
Asked @HillaryClinton too, if leaks against you are not ok then why are leaks against her ok?
Cause she's a liberal fascist silly
When in doubt scream Gender Inequality. Works every time.
I hope wikileaks releases what they have on you as well. Your laundry is just as dirty as Hilary's.
Step down, walk away.
Also, for the love of GAWD, PLEASE, learn some new words! SAD! RIGGED! BIGLY! BEAUTIFUL! LOSER! TODDLER!
Another Trump tweet not aging well.
no problem ignore the high school drama
.
AMERICA:

CORRUPT  PEOPLE EXPOSED  by  WIKILEAKS  WILL  NEVER  WRITE  A  THING  AGAIN !!  @HillaryClinton

@realDonaldTrump @CNN @latimes
When I was a child imagined that political strategists talked about their opposition and their messaging.
WikiLeaks fabricated the so-called Clinton emails.
put out your message via twitter. You have twenty million followers. Have them spread what you want about Hillary.
@Good2bqueen67 Prosecute Hillary!
I thought you didn't like the leaks about your office... but you like OTHER leaks?? Ladies & gentlemen, the President is an idiot. #TRUMP
@avivajazz With your murky Russian connections how can you expect to be privy to the nation's secrets?
CNN stating Clinton was JOKING about Catholics,what a crock of shit that is.They were serious 100%.CNN a fraud,like Clinton
fake leaks don't warrant coverage fool. #neveracoolkid
#stop #supporting #Trump the #AntiChrist
still the same dishonest media treating @wikileaks badly. Let Julian go home! Thanks for bombing them @CIA tunnels too 
Not important - you can't use it to deflect!

We are with you,anyone who supports Crooked Hillary is either corrupt or stupid themselves.
Any chance you can head back to Asia for another year or two? #trump  #cnn #msnbc
Killery only cares about HER Power, HER Money, and HER SELF.
Teeeted right after JR communication with Assange. #Collusion
You have got to pick up most important stories and present them yourself. Make them NEWS!!! Your group of surrogates SUCK!!
You continue to blame everyone else for your own downfall. #TrumpLikesToGropeWomen
we are with you hang in there stay on message talk supreme Court Justice remind people what's at stake
@scottisbell_ @OANN is the #BestMedia along w @foxandfriends  #OANN did awesome report of good things you've done! Salute
And now Wikileaks trying to bring trump down. Guess Russia isn't happy with him. #impeachpresbannon
Dishonest? Do you actually believe your lies? You lie more in 1 tweet than most people do all week. #callingthekettleblack
Lmao....once a fool always a fool...#LOCKHIMUP KREMLINKLAN #TRUMPCRIMEFAMILY #PUTINSBITCH PUTINSPUPPET
I THINK ASSED IS A GREATEST BUTCHER OF THE WORLD.HE IS REFLECTION OF HETLER.
anyone who's pocket is about to get lighter #Harvey dent
you wanted to run for President deal with the consequences of being a candidate shit is gonna come out about your past son!
Donald my family and I are voting for you out of Bristol Tn. You need to make a few commercials to knock down Hillary!!!

Who knew Wikileaks would be so helpful, against you? 
Prepare to be very disappointed.
It's not rigged, everything just pales in comparison to your piggishness
.@realDonaldTrump Delete your tiny hands
``Incredible'' is YOU!
of course not nobody wants to die suspiciously
They're busy talking about Orange Cosby.  Maybe next week.
They're kind of focusing on the whole "groping women" tape, in case you haven't noticed

Amazing timing on this tweet, I gotta tell ya. What, 15 minutes after Jr got the DM from WikiLeaks telling you to do it? Yikes.
@jakeschreibs that's because the groomer can't keep his hands to himself or his mouth shut.
Love you you are using illegal tactics.  Such a credible man.  Just go back to your spray tan booth.
Spend time in the next rally to read some of these leaks. The audience in the MSM will finally hear about them that way!
@terrymendozer yes mr president you are correct sir!
Bc it is unimportant and shows no wrong doing
Donald wouldn't know honesty if it slapped him in the face. They've never been introduced.
What is going in with Pompeo, sir? He's flipped on us.
You've got to be kidding! Wikileaks was news everyday! Without it, you would not be in WH! @this_orwellian
#America vs #trump

#Debate

#1: American Intelligence Observe Russia Feeding
Wikileaks "Emails"

@realdonaldtrump
