The media may be right. You are using the presidency to promote your brand name. #conflictofinterest. Why do I bother?
GRATITUDE ATTITUDE “Share your #sparkle wherever you are #Dodinsky" insubordination #CEO #Dissemination #Bansky #Protractor #MAGA #Mediation
hayatta ne istiyorsun beni yaparım
mercy your children should be ashamed of themselves that they have a father that is so uncuffed unfit to be president shame
You're the worst thing that ever happened to this nation our forefathers are twisting and turning in their Graves Lord have
Have you heard the adage  "you're eating crab with shame that's what you're your attorney is also the same and you want to
#TaxReturns #TaxReturns #PutUpOrShutUp
because you are going to prison???
dont let up
I support you 100% Mr President.
SHOW YOUR TAXES.
yeah it's easier for you to break the law than you thought #impeachtrump
The word "media" is plural. So you should say, "The media try so hard..." #grammartip
Give them a narrative they'll never forget. #LOCKHERUP!
 "When talking about hacking emails, why have we left behind Clinton's server issue? She got this party started"
~ @KellyannePolls 

…
.@realDonaldTrump then why can you still not explain it?
Dear President Trump, with all the negative, I wanted to let you know I'm honored, to have you as my President.
They won't be satisfied unless you liquidate ALL of your assets. I would tell them, "Stop being asses." sit in c
.@realDonaldTrump If it's so easy to divest, per your own words, WHY WON'T YOU? Because you intend to profit your company via Presidency!
No, it's not complicated, if you wish to forget about what America was & are okay with it sliding into Kleptocracy.
Yesterday you said too complex. Which is it? You know all these contradictory tweets stay online & can be found by anyone?
Please proceed.
Except that you have impeachable conflicts of interest unless you liquidate and invest $ in blind trust.
clown
I personally, don't want you in the Whitehouse!!! I DIDN'T VOTE FOR YOU, NEVER WOULD!!!
@BigMuscleBabe--I would rather have your alleged "conflicts of interest" than Obama's anti-American conflict of culture.
@BigMuscleBabe - Just make America great again.  That's all I care about ....
Sweep it for bugs, sound systems, cameras. Who would want to sleep there? Don't trust them
but when people point out the same and worst lies from u its "omg i am firing them all. for there honest. u need RESIGNNOW
u made obama s transition seem like he was a hiding thied who wasnt a citizen and treated him like cràp and told tons lies
u make it that way like. russia didn't hack to make u win. if this is what we have to look forward to RESIGNATION NOW
you give it but can't take it. Such an ego.grow up and act presidential
it is simple. you'll take as much advantage as possible and enrich yourself. simple
Incase you need some new wall art lol #shamelessplug #hustle https://www.facebook.com/LoveCactus88 
well you can run the the country and your company at the same time hashtag not
Ignore the liberal media PEOTUS. They are merely soap opera style entertainment ratings chasers.
Ignore the Media President Trump, waste of time, we have so much to do...no time to waste, God Speed #MAGA
It must not be hard to get into the job of the president, because you answer questions like a racist orange kindergartener
prove it, start with your tax returns
Don't forget TERM LIMITS...Republicans can get this done for the good of our country. Important part of drain the swamp...
Actually looks like the crud of the swamp is banding together afraid https://youtu.be/0YDEhIp50go  #draintheswamp
did you learn cheating from watching your neglectful father?
their loss was also simple..they have lost touch with us common folk.
Right! The solution is so simple...just sell your businesses or don't take office. Problem solved!
hahahaha keep posting shit like this, I am DYING laughing 

But seriously, try not to rape any kids today
--Congratulations Mr. PresidentCan you have a word with Sacramento-they are stepping on our 2amendment and harboring aliens
They really don't know how hard BILLIONAIRES work but they will
I have come to the conclusion that one must be a demoncrat to be part of the media
You're right, it's simple! Being president will help your businesses!
.@realDonaldTrump well your wife and son are not coming.  The separation is pretty complex, no?
YOU MAKE IT COMPLICATED. By refusing a blind trust u created conflicts. Concern is not only reasonable it's necessary!
Whinny ASS little hands @realDonaldTrump . Complain , Complain, Complain. Cry yourself to sleep tonight will ya!

you're right it's simple just divest yourself of all of your business interests.
Yeah, unlike that whole "age of computer" thing LOL @ your brain. #noclue #conflictofinterest #newsworthy
carry on white house is open start working my president
THEN EXPLAIN IT...EXPLAIN VIA PRESS CONFERENCE, PRESS CONFERENCE, PRESS CONFERENCE, PRESS CONFERENCE OR ETHICS COMMITEE!
you started this mess.
Keep on with it! You are doing great! Don't listen to the dopes that are so stupid they wanted a criminal for president!
friggin gawkers!
@iowa_trump : we listen to DJT , not the media
Umm, maybe the biggest lie of all. Then release your tax returns. NOW. #TrumpLiesHere #HereLiesTrump
I agree. Using the presidency to enrich yourself seems to be pretty simple #notcomplicatedjustWRONG!
a lot of obumer an killary losers here
great job I don't see any reason you should release tax nobodies business.
they are trying to make you adhere to a set of new rules that dems have been breaking for years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
your children should not be denied the company they helped build. They pushed to expand the company globally.
for example NO ONE can work at Apple legit and collect a paycheck from Google without some funny business going on..TRUTH!
and I mean DATE & TIME PRIOR to the announcement of the election results where you ASSUME people knew & didn't!!!
Give us date & time you mentioned on air that you were going to hold down both jobs we want a FULL TIME PREZ & not you!
Yes, people knew you were a businessman, but that didn't mean implicitly you were going to work 2 jobs as oldest elected!!
Before the inauguration your only job should be the one you interviewed for via campaigning, remember the one for President
realise that nobody thinks you are capable either change that or admit defeat
it's a whole lot like magic, it looks incredible but it's just trickery and misdirection. Now if you would just disappear
there just trying to Sal news by hyping every and anything up out of what it really is
so why don't u do it?
Merry Christmas Mr. President Trump.
shows the ineptitude of your predecessors
F the media. We trust you!
Media is not the enemy when you do what we all know is right.  Corrupt actions must be reported so we can stop them.
Yup!
you owning businesses in countries that are against us is against the law.  I hope you're impeached when you take office
Keep it up and you Impeachment will be based on ALL your conflicts of interest that you think will slip by.
I believe
Release your taxes
You're right. It's super simple. You're a conman with piles of conflicts of interest and will be impeached in record time.
I'm going to cry IT'S ALWAYS DIFFICULT WHEN PARTIES CHANGE QUIT ACTING LIKE YOURE A VICTIM OF THE MEDIA
... well then it isn't!  Case closed.
you aren't mature enough to be in the #WhiteHouse
oh I know...ridiculous!!
Dude you act like a teenager grow up and stay off of Twitter don't you have more important things to do?
These people are insane that all!
Time to legally go after these people the dirt they are hiding must be Huge
I regret the media has not 'appreciated' your stand on not taking a paycheck & using your own money to campaign. I apprecia
They used to have presidents whom said one thing and did another.They need time to understand you.
so what are you gonna do? It's coming up... how are you going to divest yourself from your businesses?
Or you could do what every POTUS has: Blind Trust + Tax Returns. Jeez, Carter gave up his damb peanut farm.
Then disclose your holdings and plans. You work for us now.
no, you bully.  The Constitution makes it simple that you are breaking the law.
The only SIMPLE thing about this situation is you, @realDonaldTrump
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!
74 sec. Presser. What are you afraid of?
True it's not complex. It is conflicts of interest, nepotism, emoluments clause, and treason for starters.
Divest everything or resign. Easy options.
the people do too.
Your only out for yourself. The people will see it in time.  An apple doesnt fall far from the tree. Huh
the media is the voice of democracy. Unpresidented.
"We did it! #Thankyou to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the #election @realDonaldTrump" #MerryChristmas #OfficeXmasParty

Divesting business interest will simplify everything! Just do it or resign and keep doing you!

http://syriatimes.sy/index.php/interviews/28194-president-assad-rtp-tv-interview-december-14-2016 …
Why shouldn't you use the presidency to enhance your business interests anway?  Hope you be richest person on Earth!
I was wrong to pretend that my business interests aren't a huge ethical conflict of interest to a president.  #TrumpIsUnfit
Actually, it appears that all of your talking mouth pieces have said it is too hard so you're going to do nothing. Liar!
It's a simple fraud and corruption buy any statues of yourself lately
Donald I wish people would stop being hateful to you...you are going to be an #awesomePresident
that's because they don't understand business
Then why isint it done ?
Every dictator or fascist trying to grab power,always discredit the free press, since they don't want to have to answer
That's right, you follow a whole different set of rules.U and your famlily are nothing but a bowl of conflict of interests.
You're right, not complex-- your business ties will violate the Constitution the moment you are sworn in. Divest them.
U should focus on getting your wife to support you, not the media
we support you.  Media is irrelevant to most of us
If not then exercise some transparency and tell us how you are divesting yourself from your business entities.
the media makes Everything complex!!! Ignore them like they have done to u & They never have anything good to say anyway ha
Yes - ok, it isn't. Wait - can you honestly say your businesses will not profit from you being in the Whitehouse?
it's simple to you because you're not intelligent enough to understand the complexity
not complex ..then when why isn't done?
I Pray God protects our nation from your twisted mind.
The why'd you cancel the press conference where you could bestow your great plan upon us peons.(We know you don't have one)
@austin97mc 
This is what I read in your comment threads.  Thought I would join the fad.
yes, it is.  Your cabinet choices, your insistence on having family involved in meetings.  You are what you tweet
just like you. Simple.
release your tax and business deal
sell the hotel in D.C. And prove it to us you liar!
whens the press conference for those that don't watch Fox News or twitter? They deserve to hear and see the president
Are you actually moving to the White House? Will Melania or Ivanka be your wife?
oh yes it is complex pay-for-play.. Remember that? Because of your lack of a moral compass you would think that.
Eye on the prize!!!!!
You are the MAN, that's going to make this Country great again! Don't listen to those crybabies!!!!!
Empathy is oxygen for the soul. Short of breath due to conflicts of interest? Maybe one requires expanded empathy!

you are right, not complicated, you must divest.
lie after lie. How do you sleep at night? Take Barons Autism meds?
@jeep_sifu don't worry about it sir! Ur my dadgum potus!!! And I speak with iron in my voice:)! Ooh-Rah!!!
Mr Trump we are praying for you and your family, make America great again and merry Christmas to you and family!! JWP
LIAR
Hey, .@realDonaldTrump, as POTUS you should have no business but official business.
Don't I know it! This fool, .@realDonaldTrump will happily sell his own children for profit. Anything goes.
sureeeee
How about disclosing your tax returns so everyone can be very clear on any conflict of interest? Or not clear at all.
You're right it isn't complex, you are skirting the law as usual.
Your conflicts of interest are 'unpresidented'. You are a sad businessman and make an even sadder politician.
maybe if you had a law degree instead of a bachelors in business you'd understand.  Smh.
no it's not, because you think it's a business and guess what? IT'S NOT! SO PLEASE DON'T RUN IT LIKE ONE!
#letsbereal #conflictofinterest #americafirst
Right! Sell everything, keep your kids the hell off the property, and do your job! Simple! Like going to an intel briefing!
Do NOT allow the dishonest press to attend your press conferences until they treat you fairly!  Make them beg to get info!
Please screen the media for your press conferences!  CNN, MSNBC, and other HOSTILE networks should be BANNED until reformed
Actually it is complex and you not realizing that is scary.
they lie just as much as you do...
It would seem your supporters are ignorant enough to believe you. But those in the know are not.
你好
you're right. All you have to do is divest. Completely. I'll be waiting for the press release... #tinyhandsbigconflicts
I guess you must have a simple mind
the complex part will be to keep Obamas from taking everything of value with them or them destroying it
did you figure out how to get your bed moved in or are you still complaining you'd rather commute from NYC?
