Wow, who scratched your tender skin?

Poll: 
Trump catching Clinton in critical Electoral College vote 

http://fxn.ws/2cuDWbK 
wow! What they say to hurt your feelings. Hahahaha
The Times has made their wet bed let them sleep in it.  U make us a good president.  Don't be distracted.
so happy you have returned to your childish ways
I agree, Donald.  Your bluster and your ignorance and your threats are indeed, "really disgusting".
how much do you get paid for posting Clinton nonsense? You should really be posting Hillary Scandals
How much longer can killary be propped up?
Why won't you let @mcuban interview you?  You've got nothing to hide,  right?  10 million to charity.  Do it.
sue the hell out of them if you can & force them into bankruptcy to shut them down for good! #MAGA #TrumpPence16
Sue them because you can!
Trump, you are the worst ever. This is a free country, not a communist dictatorship. The press have rights.
Ask Hillary at debate what she would say to Putin if he told her to resign before he releases her emails.
do you blow anything other than hot air?
black lives matter terrorist group
rhetoric r trying to get u off message . Stick to Clinton !
. Boo you stink!!!
Si dijeron mentiras es momento de correr la cortina. @VicenteSerrano
My mother's birthday was in September. I knew a man who was born on the 17th. Are those made up stories? If so,
then you've made a great deal of money for you and your family using lies I never gave you permission to use. What
do you all have planned for Thursday? Why thursday? You tell me and your audience, the one i never agreed to share
the details, "the made up stories" of my life with, and with which you have availed yourself without my consent.
"with which" is not a coded reference, but I'm sure you, @KellyannePolls & Co. will do everything you can to spin
it, to lend credence to your daily malice, intellectual property theft, and monetized violations.
maybe u do need to read the constitution the first amendment freedom of speech!
oh now let them nail her coffin.That would make for a lovely day in the neighborhood.All they do is lie lie lie
and CNN !!!
thank god we have the 1st amendment and libel laws
1A protects you against the government, not private citizens.
people are saying....your kids are dicks
: disgusting! Great word to describe you!
Stay on message we Deployables are voting for Trump Lying Crooked Hillary Clinton 33000
emails 4 dead Libya video
No one has treated you with the contempt you leveled at media, vendors or political opponents. Man up and deal with it.
I hope the @nytimes also sue the IRS like @vicenews to release your #TaxReturns 
lol
Butthurt does not constitute grounds for assault.
When he says "my lawyers", he's talking about the incessant strange whiny high-pitched voices in his head.
@CheriJacobus @nytimes Unbelievable!
"When did you realize the birther story wasn't true?" "At the time you learned there was no evidence for the
Giuliani said two to three years ago.
Most sad and weak trump tweet ever. America hating the weakness. Very small. Like wealth and testosterone level.
hmmm interesting since I have yet to see anything but Trump signs in yards.
dont forget, 300 whole people showed up for HRCs come back rally in Greensboro.
 you need to learn history

@davism29657 @JuryReporter @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
Like what? What i just said was the gospel
 like this... A bunch of ignorants!!

@davism29657 @JuryReporter @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
he got his ass elected tho 
You need to educate! He was "nominee" not elected!!
Geez...

Maybe he does not have enough money to do tax returns? Maybe he just uses other ppl 's money?
THAT would be HEY-LIARy's M.O.!!!
#ColinPowell said
he said the same about HEY-LIARy!!!
point a finger at someone there are always three pointing back at you. I'm sure someone can explain that to you.
Oooh, please do! We'd all love to see what comes out in discovery!
@nytimes seems to be doing fine, you not so much Donnie
.@realDonaldTrump u met with @nytimes and said they a “great, great American jewel. A world jewel,” and “I hope we can all get along well”!!
oh good. So you are against a free press. You thinned skinned manchild.  Maybe they should sue you for defamation
It is called free speech, not free press.  Only 32% of Americans trust the press now.
no we have a free press in usa. Not like Russia where gov controls press.
That is part of free speech, but there are also libel laws.  Do you understand?
yes. Obviously. Show me where the NYTIMES lied!
The point is, that suing for libel is not impeding freedom of the press.  Think before you post.
all designed to limit free press - which is patently UN-American!
The press has a liberal bias, which is why Americans do not trust them. Nobody is limiting them.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes Are you going to set up state sponsored press when you win? You can't seem to handle free reporting.
Free press doesn't mean irresponsible and sold out press
.@prafulla1000 @realDonaldTrump @nytimes Responsibility, yes. Press does have to have sources. But "sold out?" You sound like a hipster.
yes I maintain, media is sold out. It talks language of those who pay it
.@prafulla1000 @realDonaldTrump @nytimes #Media is a product, yes. It must sell to exist. Otherwise, there is citizen #journalism available.
Today its nt a prodct n dosnt exist bcoz ppl buy it.It exist on mney of extortionist,vested interst
TRUMP should go on TRAIL for conspiracy and destroying America
Maybe they can loan you a copy editor.
You are a liar and the truth ain't in ya.
It's called the First Amendment, read the Constitution and you might be aware about the Freedom of the Press.
now that's funny considering the libtards want to do away with it.....lmao
name calling is always such a classy choice.
I know, Right? Libtards are always name calling.
unfortunately, people on both sides name call. I make it a point to avoid it myself.
understand fully and you are correct. Sometimes I get caught up in the moment...smh
oh no!  I was replying to someone who replied t our convo from last night!
oh ok

. I'll pray for you your ......
Yes you are disgusting!
You screwed all the press yesterday with your shenanigans. Did you think they'd treat your kindly after that?
Another paid troll.
Which lawyers would that be? The names change so quickly.

Trump Won't Hire 2 Lawyers Whose Appointments Were Announced Days Ago - https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/25/us/politics/trump-digenova-toensing.html … via http://news.google.com 
When are you going to apologize for mocking New York Times reporter Serge Kovaleski? Get back to us when you get a chance.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=M4604reEqk0 …
https://www.catholics4trump.com/the-true-story-donald-trump-did-not-mock-a-reporters-disability/ … Can't mock a disability that doesn't exist.
Stop the idle threats that don't work.  Grow some balls and see how badly they will whip your butt.
Waiting ...
at least he is flexible. Never seen anyone screw himself in the ass so many times. Just stay on message.
Really?  You have time to take a meeting with your lawyers to talk about how the NYT is mean to you?  Aren't you president?  Do your job!
. I'll pray for you your 
No, you got pouty and whiny and wanted to sue. Your lawyers reminded you of the First Amendment. @realDonaldTrump @rolandscahill @nytimes
trump, you are really disgusting
Remember this?  Fun times.
Cryin' ass Donald always suing someone.
Bruh, you would be 2 if they were dissing U like the Don.
A real man spks 4 themselves don't criticize
through five years of this? " What happens to the US if we have a president who peddles bogus conspiracy theories?
Ask the pizza parlor in DC....
We want Trump! We want Trump!
No we don't!!
No we don't!!

You need new memes... 

Really?????
Did you guys see my new Morrissey tattoo from earlier?
RT @RealDonaldTrump Just saw Morrissey - no good! A real bozo who is sad that he left The Smiths. Joy Division is much better!
He is certainly tasteless enough to have that second opinion.
here is a second opinion since you invoked me. This is libel.
Just like a demagogue, trying to control the media. Cute threat.
aren't your lawyers already engaged in 3500 lawsuits?
Hey Drumpf, New concept for you, HONESTLY!!
@rudygiulianiGOP @nytimes Really hilarious, thanks for the laugh
Have you noticed how you call everything and everyone who doesn't agree with you childish names.
If you want to see disgusting, look in the mirror. #nevertrump
tweets like this hurt you
Bring it on Trump. What are u afraid of - the truth maybe?
Actually YOU wanted to sue them and your Lawyer's laughed at you!
The @nytimes won't ever say this but I will: Go fuck yourself, Trump.
of course the failing @nytimes would never say that Mr. Schneider.....
Are they telling the truth?  Yes, that should be really offensive to you!
@rudygiulianigop somebody should sue ABC, CBS, NBC for promoting a known lying crook for president
Sue them !
You should be sued for IRRESPONSIBLE STUPIDITY.
ooooooo the NYTIMES is probably really worried now! lol.
Liar. U wouldn't hesitate to sue if u had any chance of winning. Trump is a total fraud.
if you want to sue them, sue.  What are you afraid of??  No case maybe?
wants to be the most powerful man in the world. Throws a tizzy whenever journalists are mean to him
Presidents are selected, not elected.-FDR
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes time to grow up little conman Don, presidential people do not make "I'm gonna sue you" threats. #sad
GO FOR IT!
I will have to agree. Turned off the other stations.  Solely watching Fox. Disgusting!
The "really disgusting" thing is you, #DonTheCon. Get out of Doonbeg, Clare will not let you build your (sea) wall
I'd love you to sue! I think NYT could prove in court that you are a clown! Sad!
Where was @KellyannePolls? @realDonaldTrump is not being nice Kelly. You better pop him. Trump is getting out of control. Spank him
guess u shall b filing sue against  the world , if u were to win
lawyers take orders from their clients. You r the one who wants to sue...everyone. Loser. Sad
we need to encourage police officers to sue those who incite riots, as well. We can use the legal system, too.
SUE THE FUNDERS ALSO
You truly are a #COCKWOMBLE
I could just see your little ambulance Chasers ringing their little paws and salivating at the New York Times
yes , yes you are the King of lawsuits . I am surprised you read the paper because I hear you don't read .
knows @nytimes v. Sullivan case. As self proclaimed public figure, limited transparency, tough argue of disregard for truth
Yeah, sure, sue them & while you're at it sue MSNBC, CNN, Wash. Post and everyone else that doesn't agree with you
You are such a HUGH PissAnt!
just another lawsuit you will lose
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes lol Michael Barbaro just wrecked your fucking campaign
they're no more disgusting than you are man-child
https://www.facebook.com/vicky.j.biesiada/posts/10154601325289885 …
Where are the tax returns
can you hear the laughter?
You just go and do that, snugglekins.
Yep. Anyone with a thought in their head knows Hillary started Birther back in 2008
oooh, lawyers, scary. LOL. Get a life. The donald is such a baby.
watching HTC instilled confidence that she will do everything to protect terrorist and nothing to protect innocent
-ah yes, shoot the messenger for reporting on your own indiscretions.
Not as disgusting as you
If elected, Trump will arrest and execute members of the press "he" doesn't like. @ABCPolitics @NBCPolitics @CBS
Haha you are threatening the media!!! Too funny. You won't be able to do that when world leaders call your bluff

@rudygiulianiGOP how many times can you say disaster in a 24 hour period ?  Ur deplorable
Trump thinks he's very smart with his lying, but ex nihilo nihil fit; eventually he will  burn. Hope before  elex
CPJ should understand then that Mr. Trump also has that freedom of speech they speak of! CPJ more liberal fools
your lawyers must be paid very well! They stay busy,
this is the most pompous and ridiculous post! He must be such an embarrassment to ivanka
Drumpf u will b held accountable if the violent seeds u plant in your supporters heads result in harm to anyone.
You're disgusting. you're american version of Erdogan. #TrumpErdogan #DeplorableTrump http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/turkey-turkish-media-press-journalists-failed-military-coup-erdogan-a7142951.html …
Don't worry, Donald, we on social media have your back and know the truth!
Imagine it . Only Fox News survives. There is no one to challenge him . The sewer in chief . Donald J. Trump 
more whining and poor little ol' me attitude from Trump. Does this guy ever stop with the woe is me? #BigBaby
@elvisinoregon @nytimes He will stick it to them better than any lawsuit could. He will win the Presidency
crybaby. Your bid for respectability is failing badly, short fingers. #DoesNotSpecifyIfHeIsBeingSarcastic
if you do sue, be sure to call it "malicious intent." It is past time to overthrow the pernicious decision in NYT vSullivan
So just because a newspaper writes something critical of you, you want to sue?... U act just like yr pal Putin!!!
DJT is a pu$$y.
Joint Commission accredits hospitals based on the data they submit without verifying it to be true and no onsight visit
SUE EM TRUMP!
maybe they would then employ journalists.
you mean you want to but they won't for fear they won't get paid.
as well as st cloud,MN .....what going on vote trump so we hete the truth
I guess free speech is a thing of the past.
@rudygiulianiGOP @nytimes what about Mini miranda! THIS CONVERSATION MAY BE MONITORED OR RECORDED FOR QUALITY PURPOSES!
Suuuuure they do.  And suuuuuure you did.  Yep. If they did, you need new legal counsel, because they're idiots.
Guess u want to turn the tables from the amount of LAWSUITS u have pending against U UR TOTALLY NOT FIT TO B PRES
dt, u know they r truthful about u. u lie about ur lies. quit listening 2 voices in ur head. #DJTbatcrapcrazy
sue them for what?!? Grow up and be a man
telling the truth about you being a conman is neither slander nor libel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legal_affairs_of_Donald_Trump …
Boy that free speech thing really bothers you doesn't it.
Do know the first amendment, we know you have the second down!
CORRECT TRUMP Time and Place for everything...
Do it. Shut that piece of crap, Hillary-propaganda-machine down.
Thanks for calling it what it is. I don't ever remember the Boston intentional act ever passing but do the Boston bomber.
sure....
you're pathetic.  Can you imagine if President Obama were as big a cry baby as you?
Cant wait until/if you do!!!!
OH MY GOSH! DONALD IS WATCHING YOU!
You would do anything for a buck, wouldn't you!
you're disgusting!
