You admitted you pay no taxes. How is this fair to all of us who support infrastructure, roads, education, etc?
Next year, when you fill out your returns, please skip a few of the legal deductions...pay more patriot!
You are not making sense. He is a billionaire and he should pay towards education, infrastructure, etc.
Must feel great to know Fox News Poll says you lost by a 3 to 1 margin. Great week for the Trump Train!
unqualified to be PRESIDENT
Cnn, also known as the CLINTON NEWS NETWORK , is the ONLY poll he lost.
is unqualified to be PRESIDENT actually it wasn't two polls that haven't been WRONG says Trump lost
Lol yes, because a liberaltastic site that no one has heard of is solid facts
this photo was pointed out that it not a Trump rally

i will keep your contact information so on nov 8 I can tell you Trump lost
you will be lucky if you make it to election day wihout being charged for the crime you commited.
idiot @realDonaldTrump @Newsweek
It;s about time you see Donald as an idiot. So is his campaign manager.
@thinkprogress you can't be referring to me!! Vote Trump for president
Sleazy #DonTheCon appeared in 2000 playboy softcore porn
i think the desperation is in the Trump camp and his uneducated followers
There is no love in your black uneducated soul
i seriously doubt that.  Thats what Trump tried to say too.
You need to get off your ass and neutralize these alleged rumors about the cuban embargo, if you can.
jab, jab, jab, Punch!! Keep going on Twitter until 10-8 and then go silent last 30 days! You will drive press crazy!
America's greatness is in direct contrast to both your character and business ethics...lies & neck ties from China, etc.

RNs do not DX.But we do alert pts n MDs to symptomology.Bipolar pt have.  INSIGHT INTO THEIR BEHAVIOR. IT'S  2 OTHERS 2 Get HELP. 

, Mr. Prez can you ask HilLAIRy the names of the people who died in Bengazi!  The ones that they watched die by drone !
what liberals have done to Michigan is a grave sin to America.
laughing  at #DonTheCon #debatenight #TrumpinCuba #NeverTrump
I loved the debate you did a wonderful, you have my families vote
benghazi... What about her leaving Americans with no help...
you can tell who is now running country-Clintons so wait till HiLIARy gets dictatorship!unstoppable now!
need love
sir,  it appears that you are trailing...  You ought to do more noise...  Need more of Trump

Novi Pop.55 thou.. Rally pop 20 thou !!. Hillary paid 500 to attend the Coral Springs Rally. Pop 125 thou. Rally Pop 1 thou
wouldn't you like to grab all your  female supporters by their pussy Trump?
You are hope for Texas .
Cost of free college
.@realDonaldTrump 

Roll the train onward right into the chair of National Command Authority.

You've earned it, and the nation needs you.
You funny boy, that Train derailed during the debate. A head to head crash with Madame President Clinton. SMH
when did America stop being great again I missed that
Well, look at this! Your own buddies at Fox saw you lost the debate! Hahahahahahaaha!!!
benghazi
#God Bless DJ Trump
most of them are criminals in some manner Be it rapists or criminals, http://undocumented.How  can we trust them or Syrians
Debate loss = faulty mic, poll loss = rigged, Bad press = liberal media, Bad quotes = deny everything.  #SoManyExcuses
You are sleep deprived
Even your campaign manager confirmed your money spent in Cuba during the embargo. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6L3PpcvZ14 …
.@realDonaldTrump
Would you willingly pay more taxes when you didn't have to? Honest question.
The ONLY way America thrives is when the middle class grows.  Hillary's plans are to grow the middle class.
There is nothing wrong with her deleted emails.  You're chasing nothing.  move on.
Sorry. I was under the impression you were a rational human being. You may be dismissed from our conversation, dearie.
I started this conversation....you're the one not welcome.  BYE
Pls stay on msg.Cntl next debate stay on msg.Be Mr Trump-successful biz man-peoples advocate.~"Now here's what I do/think"
you realise that in that speech you seem to say nothing at all. it's a bit like a boyzone song from the 90s... but worse...
You are disgusting. Any women that votes for you has zero self-respect.
You're obviously the arbiter of women can and can't do. "Do what I wan't or you're a bad woman". Nice.
America is greater; greater than any other country in the history of the world
u r a Napoleon
yes; real, very real Donald F.....
someone has to say it...Jason, the guy behind your account name is a pussy.  many people are saying it.
You're not a good person

Mr. Trump bring your rally to #Debates forget the moderator and #SickHillary!!!  This is what America NEEDS!

you speak to fancy, but you never says how are you going to do great, rich and safe America again ???
Please release your tax returns, Mr. Trump.
Oh, please. He should just release them on principle like every candidate for the last 40 years.
http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2016/06/the-mind-of-donald-trump/480771/ …
ALL the TRUTH about what happening in ISRAEL FYI:It is with great sorrow we... http://terrorism.trendolizer.com/2016/10/all-the-truth-about-what-happening-in-israel-breaking-update-it-is-with-great-sorrow-we-1.html … via @terrorism_info
I will vote for Trump but I wish he could learn to keep his mouth shut at times.
so many idiots listening to the village idiot 
WE LOVE TRUMP TRUMP LOVES US #maga #novi #trumptrain #trump
Funny how your rally's are always like 99 perecent white. Like playing finding waldo to find the non white
@DestinyandBruce Novi, Michigan Rocks! I can't believe the turnout, it's awesome. I wish I was there.
Tell us about a time where something...hell anything...was your fault @realDonaldTrump
How he cheated folks at the Dump university for starters
Laureate Education...... (he's Googling now, *tap*tap*tap)
What Donald Trump did with his taxes was transparent. What Hillary did with her e-mails was not transparent #VoteTrump
Trump's temperament is flawed, but Hillary's is CORRUPT to the core.

what about HiLIARy calling all women Bill took advantage of tramps?She will always beat him in evil cattagory
#TrumpTrain
.@realDonaldTrump Let's remind #Trump that he's just a lousy, old reality TV star  #LoveTrumpsHate
http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/upshot/presidential-polls-forecast.html?smid=tw-nytimes&smtyp=cur&_r=1 …
let's remember
your crowd was YUGE! She cant even fill a McDonalds at her rallies!
expect mountains of voter fraud
Why did you stiff caterers for one of your 3 weddings? Why do you sexualize your own daughter? Why did you act insoft porn?
Because Ivanka is HOT. Because he is a smart business man.
Wow. Clever. Did you come up with this yourself? You should be a comedian.
says he will participate in second #Debates2016 only if he can debate an empty chair. Is your money on #DopeyDonald or:
Must really suck getting #DopeyDonald's ass handed to him by an empty pants suit. ROFLMAO @RealDonaldTrump #ShitForBrains
The nation needs a leader more now then ever, I fear that the nation is on path to self-distraction
.. I love what you stand for I hope you become president. Take the high road and ignore what Hillary says about you. 
Watch this video and read what happened!  How is this allowed?
https://www.facebook.com/femalesfortrump/posts/546061905585001 …
yes we will we are counting on you
please ask them to play ZZTop "Sharp Dressed Man" when you enter the stage, that would be fun. Star spangled banner to end.
Please prepare better for your next debate!
this week:
please no more about the miss Universe chick...Killary just sucked you in...STOP!
Next Debate...get under her skin.
To the women, your supporting a less than human being, who should be castrated!
How can Piggy Drumpf demand Obama's birth cert yet not release his tax returns. Not rich as he says!
This was AWESOME TO SEE and Hear! Cheering with you from AZ! #TrumpWINS
It looks like the VP debate will be rigged the moderator is the wife of the person who prepared Hillary for the debates.
Get out an vote Dump the Trump is lying  Hillary supporters we are stronger together Hillary gone send yo home in November
Ah wish i could've gone to that.
together we will stop being Americans. And then they came for me !
what year was it when America was great?
thank you Michigan Hillary is seven points up on Donald
courting #iranians #traitor
you're still going to lose.
the people in this film must be as nuts as you are
Mr.Trump please stick to these 5 points for nextDebate HRC Emails, Benghazi, Faud Fundraiser, Rigged Election, Rape Scandal
he deleted emails in lawsuit,his foundations corrupt,Lybia investigated,accused of rape by exwife & 14yr old
Novi hates you, Donald. Zero votes!!!!
DROP OUT TRUMP! AMERICA WILL BE GREAT WITHOUT YOU!
i GOT MONEY ON THAT YOU DON'T SHOW FOR THE SECOND DEBATE. I KNOW THIS BY THE SIZE OF UR HANDS

it was never great in the first place...

What's going happen with the internet being sold
TRUMP,  totally forget Alicia.  U let PPl's remarks send U into orbit. U absolutely must get URself under control.
- You will not make America great again. You are destroying America. You do not care about America. You only care about you
you're losing in Michigan!!
Nobody ... @realDonaldTrump
How about you get out of Michigan. Are you going on another twitter rant at 3 in the morning? You need a psych evaluation
JUST ON NRWS TRUMP CAMPAIGN DOES NOT KNOW WHAT TO DO TRUMP MENTALLY OFF SURROGATES HAVE BEEN SILENCED 
Keep staying on point with your message. Voters need to hear more about jobs growth, reduced govt/ taxes, freedom, & safety
What does that mean exactly?
it time u have a rally in cuban area of Miami and talk about jobs and small business
 he didn't know, he is married to a porno.
as you asked, I looked for Alicia's porn tape but I could only find this porn. Is this lesbian porn?
don't you wish. Lol@realDonaldTrump
what about Bill Clinton having sex with a 21 year old,thank god it wasn't my child
Trump you have a sick and twisted mind. How you get anyone to vote for you is a mystery
remember hillary's comment about a "basket of Deplorables"? well, we now have a FB group! https://m.facebook.com/groups/309472556081534?ref=bookmarks …
God will visit ur entire family and wreck ur whole business.The pains u inflict on us God will give u. Story of Lazarus.
I can America be great when cops and people mistreat any race? White black green or purple? Make it great really
Just a reminder that these to medically obese men are fat shaming a woman when she had a BMI of 25

thank you hate rally!!
they'll vote all right, for Hillary Clinton for they are too smart to be fooled by an orange pig!
It won't help!!  My entire family lives in Michigan, never polled, and all supporting HRC.
- Good turnout for a B-list porn star!
We are so Proud of you. Thank you for making America Great Again.
Trump at his rallies: “When I say women ... you say suck!”
@mitchellvii Trump was on fire in the mad house 
http://OH.MI.PA.NH.VA.NC .FL..IL.NV.IW.MI. We need your help all states dont let them cheat us.stand proud and please Vote!
now start talking some more about our great constitution and your in!
believe me we will get out and vote FORM HILLARY
America needs to wake the hell up this fool is out to destroy all who are not in his corner, and then tell his supporters
Mr. Trump. If you follow through on your words, you will be a legend.
Catering to a heavily white demographic -- the republican way.  http://www.areavibes.com/novi-mi/demographics/ … #areavibes
talk about issues NOT what hillary pokes you with
Losing to a girl in Michigan!
keep eating fatso
.  To my Bernie supporters vote for HER.  The Donald is a fraud. VERY CRITICAL ELECTION.

WATCH TRUMPS PORNSTAR WIFE....CHECK OUT THESE`S PIC`S!. ...https://www.facebook.com/BOSTONSPORTS413/posts/10154446364666211 …
ewww get out of my state before you dirty it
so glad you keep returning to Michigan we need your help
Hillary is beating you in Michigan. Yes! Thank you Michigan.
Mr Trump I'm appalled to hear the nasty things @CNN @wolfblitzer state about you, let's show them on Nov8, we mean business
come Donald get with the program and discuss the issues and you will be President. Don't let this crooked person beat you
is only helpingHimself,
He's a nefarious, beware...
What are you doing in Michigan?  You have no chance of carrying the state.
taxes
#makePORNgreatagain
i hope you don't win i do not trust you

where did @billclinton put that cigar? 
Why are you on Michigan dummy? You don't have a prayer of winning Michigan. Dope
what is wrong with you? Stay on point and quit your damn tirades on Twitter. You are going to lose my vote if you don't
get back on track @realDonaldTrump.

Dont get distracted by @crookedhillary's 
Smoke and mirrors. Drop some shit on her fan and move on.
voter fraud found in Ohio by Clinton! !! New article just out
why question Trumps taxes between him and his employees they pay in one year more than the Clintons will in 1000 years

Thanks T, you sure created a traffic jam for me today, lol..
can u stop tweetin bout this machado crap n stick 2 attackin Hillary pls, Donald, do it for us! After u win, u can go at it
Would you want someone with ur bkgd to be ur Pres. I think not
people were Not waiting to get in. Lol
do you see ur daddy
In 1927, Donald Trump’s father was arrested after a Klan riot in Queens
the only way you'll make America great is crawling back under you rock 11/9
PLEASE stay on message, dont wrestle in the mud with the pig.

please stop taking the hate bait! Don't dwell on Miss Piggy... Don't let Killery bait you! Stop talking about you!
Make sure we take #TrumpRally to #Debates  Let America hear ALL ABOUT #TrumpPOLICIES vs #ClintonScandals FORGET Moderator
Don. "Believe me" most people watch you bcz u r first rate entertainer. few take u as serious candidate for POUS.
if you really want to thank Americans for what we r doing 4 u. Give heart and soul a chance. Contact me
you'll never win Michigan lol
@immigrant4trump Come on America, we have to put Trump in the White House
