Epic
I remember that day. I couldn't sleep when I found out Mr. Trump won. Stayed up all night . HAPPY and thankful to GOD
I couldn't stay up (european time) - thought he lost... Got up early, didn't dare to turn on tv ;) but finally did! WOW what a joy!!! I knew the world would be turning now 
I knew he was instantly going to change the course our country had gone during the past 8 years. Ecstatic to no end that Hitllary did not win.
... What a Powerful message.
Every day left wing fascists aren’t in power is a good day for our republic
Amen!
When accountability begins then we well be on the right track, 2 making America great again.
Not with you. Your exactly whats wrong With America.
Lol and liberals say we have bots

You celebrities against Trump can pack your bags and leave. 
And tomorrow, and the next day, and on and on - the work has just begun!
We must keep our eyes on the Ball, not get sidetracked by the mosquitos.
thank you Russia and Tower Hotel Meeting of the ignorant
Yes and bye bye trolls!!
and tomorrow and ther next day,  and day after that,  rinse & repeat #MAGA to #TheGreatAwakening
I’m ready 
Thank You Mr.President! It is mainly because of you, and your leadership, we can continue to make America the best country ever on earth!!
When was it Great? Before you were POTUS-TU=POS.
Please don't  pass that bill
Today we made a mistake.
President Trump investigate the Democrats falseflag attack @ the BMB They framed the2 Tsarnaev  brothers as patsies.
The Democrats used a False Flag Black op event at the Boston Marathon Bombing The Tsarnaev Brothers were patsies 4 it 
Black ops set the real bombs
As soon as I saw the backpack the two guys were wearing & then the backpack with the real bomb.. I knew they were innocent...
Yes the feds did a sloppy job of a  cover up. This is the 1st blast site. The feds cleared this guy because he delivered the Black Ops bomb
Is it possible they worked together? They do not appear innocent to me but I could easily believe gov helped set it up.
That's exactly what happened Donna
You can apologize over and over but if your actions don't change, the words become meaningless.
He has nothing to apologize for & you need to stick to your own countries politics. It was OBAMA who was the big apologist! #IStandwithTrump
LMFAO!!!! Racist old Fool!!!!!

We’re still Making it Great Again today with you as President
These words are etched forever on my heart. #MAGA
@DatTrumpUSA    And everyday 
A Red Flag went up when Obama & Clinton, ran against each for President. Clinton lost but Obama wanted to learn about her Pay to Play game. so he made her Sec. of State. Every other Nation was Playing. Hillary threw us all under the bus. Sad Ben, but true.
I am #FightingForMeagan 

We need help. We have worked our entire lives and are in the negative at the bank, medical bills wiped us out.  My daughter is alive, but we are not living, thriving, we just struggle.

I am #FightingForMeagan
I cant believe the night i was on the street and asked who did you vote for, I said Trump but Hillary would win. I turned on the news, flipping channels and noticed FNC was different. By 7pm hollered Holy s*&. flipped to the other channels. Turns out FNC was right, Everyone else
And tomorrow and the next day and then we get up and do it allll over again!  No sleep for the weary!
Everyday we make America great again
Amen
#PublicDemandDraintheSwamp
Drain The Swamp MAGA
Be careful, Mr. Trump, the wolves are out there.
It was an uphill battle#MAGA PREVAILS
Me and my Family wish you and your family the very Best Mr President! All the way from England  Mark Fisher

Loved you in Netflix Dirty Money episode!
Our President Trump! Greatest President in long time! Thank you Father God for giving this man at this time for our President! With your help Lord, he will clean out the swamp!

Fuck you, Dildo Donnie, you fascist sack of shit.  You are destroying us.
Yeah!!!! Let’s do it!!! 
Please #releasethememo
Please Mr President we have request from the Audience:: we would much appreciate it if you would please read all of the Memo at your STATE of the UNION Address on Tuesday?
Americans before illegals! No DACA
Thank you mr. President
Yes we do
@DarLovesAmerica Do what you know is best for Americans. To hell with the press. Your success is eating them up.
American First 
I don’t see it
Because you belong to a cult..you are not allowed to see anything good..you are in for a rough awakening 
We’re with you Mr President
Thank you for giving us HOPE, Mr. Trump 
Update: Nothing's fucking happened yet
I declared 2018 is the year we take down the slum lords one lord at a time!
Is this a parody account?
Lmaooooo i love you
?
I still Love This Tweet. 
MERRY CHRISTMAS AMERICA!
Only today?
is a 06 november 2016 post
Was still funny
ok...now get it...
Lol. 
 aging #hurts 2
#Truth
#LiarInChief   #worstprezever  #loser
God Bless you Mr Trump our  President 
When you drain the Swamp America  will be great again.
And EVERYDAY!
yes- maga, coffefe
Thanks I happy we finally have a President who stands up for Israel where all the rest of world commends it
Thanks Mr. President.
WHERE THE HELL ARE THE INDICTMENTS??????

God speed
Hi SANTA CLAUS   [GOD BLESSED US]

My Only Christmas Wish:  #PEACE

#MAGA

image by https://twitter.com/RichHamblin11/status/936025751366852610 …

https://www.northpole.com/ 


Resigning?  Great.
In your dreams!  Go back to CA .... stop infecting ND with Liberalism!
Are you quitting? That would make America great again like it was before you fucked it up ! Remember the good old days under President Obama !!!
All propaganda! All proved lies ! Your boys right hand man Flynn is talking and Pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI ! That's 5 years in federal prison , 5 reasons to tell on Lying Donnie! Your Trumps mark!
Giving thanks for President Trump. 
Yes we do, Based President Trump.

Nah made it worse.
To prevent genocide, grant white South Africans refugee status in the United States. : Government https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/prevent-genocide-grant-white-south-africans-refugee-status-united-states …
#NotMyPresident

But don't worry, soon he won't be yours, either.
Every day Mr. President
Trump 2020
Keep doing it. CNN IS LOSING RATINGS.
Love you President Trump
Keep doing it. CNN IS LOSING ..
Make great deals with Beijing, and don’t back off, China is not easy deal with, they are very sly, you are the president of Americans.
You truly made my life great again... and have given me hope for our future! Thank you Donald!
THANK YOU, President Trump, For ALL you are doing to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!   The America we grew up knowing is missed!  What is going on now, thanks to Obama, is wrong and beyond comprehension.  It must STOP for OUR Children and Baby Grands Future to be better.
#HappyMAGAday
Trumps resigning?
Dream on loser!
#WorstPresidentEver
Yes...today we do.  11/8/17.  Yes we do.
Looks like Robert Mueller is trying to do that and by last night's election results, America too.
well that hasn't gone well, unless your plan was to sell the US to Russia and divide the country in the process.
Yeah Right. What a Joke!



NOV8 Celebration 1 year of #WINNING with the greatest President ever at the helm. God Bless America God bless PresidentDonaldJTrump #MAGA
#Fakenews #DemMachine hacks swarm when our @POTUS TWEETS #MAGA HURTS THOSE WHO OPPOSE #FREEDOM KEEP ON TWEETING MR.PRESIDENT like a fox #GOP
Sir, you need to start with firing all the DOJ including Jeff sessions who is doing nothing about making America great again
Winning








hmm, sounds suspenseful. Tell us more
This never gets old. @nytimes @NYDailyNews @CNN @MSNBC @FOXLA @washingtonpost @ABC7 @latimes @FoxNews @nypost
Not just America prez the world
Because of Trump the Whole World is Crying! God help us!!!
Yeah crying tears of joy
Good. Start with clean up your DOJ and the FBI. Force them to cooperate with Fitton/Grasslel/Nunes. Indict Bill Clinton/Lynch. Declassify!
historic tweet <3
Today we MAGA! That's what I'm talking about!
Only a full restoration of all of our confederate monuments in every state will be acceptable.
If you want to make this country great again restore our confederate monuments and make a national day for Robert E. Lee.
It was a GreatDay #MAGA 
@AdsaipSwag
My favorite Trump Tweet! WE ARE THE RESISTENCE! NO RINOS NO DEMS! PRO-TRUMP CANDIDATES 2018! #HuricaneHarvey #Mayweathervmcgregor
You are the greatest BLESSING 2 the today. Not just our but the U knew it wouldn't be easy but U were born 2 do it#IStandWithTrump
P E N D E J O
Fdp

Bahahaha...such a letdown
yes we do make America  safe and great again
Mr President you should have a huge rally on the Washington mall . We should have a conservative march on Capitol building
March on congress and demand repeal of Obama care .
#MyFavoriteTweet
Remember those words. Get rid of the neocons and cucks that are trying to ruin our country and your legacy.

And...We did! #MAGA
Yes, President Trump. Stay strong!!!

Why not every day
I want to see indictments like u promised
Thanks to you President Trump
If today is the day you die, then America will be great again.
When and only when you are out of office will America be great again!
what are you resigning
not you! Not ever!
you need to quit and get out of "OUR HOUSE"!! You work for"WE THE PEOPLE" and haven't done anything yet! UsingTaxpayers $!
ARREST OBAMA AND THROW THE SWAMP QUEEN IN PRISON ALONG WITH OBAMA
Awesome.
We should make Congress vote on the Constitution as a vote of confidence! Throw out those that vote NO!
Is Obama president again!
But Trump's president
The most important date of my lifetime . . . NOVEMBER 8, 2016.

Make America Great Again!

Ah..memories
A lot of the tweets read as though it's the end of the world.
No wonder they're called snowflakes
thanks for your great job Mr. President You are doing To make our country beautiful !!!!Elaine l
No, TODAY you have made America the laughing stock of the world. LIAR. And, NO, I did not vote for you.
Oh yeah you're too busy tweeting and never reading to answer. 60 million people should've stoned you. Not voted for you
Former director Comey was looking solid today. On his game. I've got the sneaky suspicion that you fucked with the wrong ones
Mr. President, I really have to ask what is your position on martial law?
@realDonaldTrump - here's an idea- strap on a body cam like our police officers. You are way Beyond the burrows. And you sucked at baseball
BS!
Your first retweet ever. I'd never want it to be anything else.
