.@realDonaldTrump
Sir, do not turn a blind eye on the suppression of the voice of the Southeast people of Nigeria for self determination.
Oppression in Cuba is so that at age 4...my desperate parents once planned to throw themselves in the sea with only a raft!
As a Cuban-American who has experienced Fidel's barbaric cruelty first hand...I applaud your resolve!Yes..I support YOU.
Sometimes as menwe takethe high road,I voted for you please stop using Twitter to vent. Show them thier wrong not twitting
@trumpbigregrets @realDonaldTrump He could get Melina to say something like "When They Go Low, We Go High"
nah, Malaria will say when they pay high i go low. right to my knees. @Ozzyjenny @trumpbigregrets @realDonaldTrump
Democratic Vietnamese have been suffered Communist Vietnamese government for 40 yrs.  Unlawful, many are robbed and jailed.

Invade the communist fuckers Mr President! You could turn Cuba  into a luxury island resort destination. Easy!
Okay, I guess you are holding out for special "deal" for Trump property right? You may have fooled some, but not majority
.@realDonaldTrump can you at least wait until we get back from Havana?
@mnichelle15  What about Russian people
I'd pity you, but I'm too busy pitying the America you're in the process of destroying
i think maybe we should terminate your election lmao
That is what a true president stands 4!America does not bow down 2 Castro who grants NO CIVIL RIGHTS to his ppl.This deal should B scratched
extradite that cop killer Joanne chesimard!!
#bringbackcopkiller
is that all you can do "terminate deals"
@SchoolerLA umm doesn't Congress have to ratify treaties
yes but Trump is poorly educated and doesn't know that
ahh

communism has destroyed Cuba Capitalism is the only remedy. Stop #FakeNews Trust @SmythRadio @PrisonPlanet @Cernovich
please Trump help our democratic Vietnamese, we have no human rights under communist Vietnamese government.
president Trump drain the swamp do not let the RNC push Mitt Romney down your throat like they did Bush to Reagan
Donald I'm a black woman I hope and pray u take care of the black people.
chill Donald! I wanna go to Havana at some point
.@realDonaldTrump Better to cut off Russia torture, inhumanity, invasion. Jail Putin and . . . oh yes, I forgot, he's your owner (w/China)
.@realDonaldTrump by deal you mean a Trump Hotel in Havana DON THE CON? #TrumpFirsts talking about his personal business to other leaders.
BREAKING
NEWS: Obama 2replace Fidel, I'M FUCKIN, Drunk With The Power
please #NEVERROMNEY
Another corrupt career politician. #NeverRomney
@Libertarian666 este man si tiene esas guevas bien puestas ! @The__Bosch @ANIABELLO_R @alivifa @51Nubeazul @Apatrirs .
terminate it usa will be the main looser like always
mr. Trump you are the best you know better than anyone
I am sure Cuba needs a Trump Casino and Hotel. If they give you the go ahead you will be building bridge and a wall.
What about you? Will you let American people have public health and education? Do you care about American people at all?
that sounds good I agree with you ty for dping all the hard work to save our country
hold their feet to the fire!
terminate the deal for the survival of the Cuban people and also put #indigenouspeopleofBiafra @Heart. #BiafrExit
Es hora de acabar con las ideas comunistas en américa. Por una Venezuela libre de este Narco-Gobierno Comunista.
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS please don't let him have your Twitter
.  EXCELLENT that's why my Cuban husband and I , agree with you! Put always the people first!
Why don't you just terminate yr failed presidency instead? #Presidents v. familiar w/ the job say you should!
that's a cool avi. Reminds me of a cat on a hot tin roof.
thanks. there's a puma 22' beneath this bobcat that sent it up there if I remember right.
You will screw up everything President Obama has done to help our country while you line your pockets.
give them 7 million, worked for your #Bigly carrier deal
.@realDonaldTrump the leader #MCLiberacion founded by @oswaldopaya #Cuba Dr @EduardoCardet is prisoner political the @RaulCastroR repressor!
Hi

.  PERFECT
TIME TO MAKE A BETTER. DEAL
You don't have the raisins!
Why praise a government that hates you?  They have always openly hated us.
Really now how will you do that?
Trump: I-I'll make it happen
Me: how?
Trump: uhhhhhhhh
Leave #Cuba in peace! We know only 3 countries left in world w/out #Rothschild bank. #Cuba #NKorea #Iran #Nomorewar4Israel
yeah! But first buy them some cigars...
remove the stupid embargo, it's clear that our policy has failed and the real victims are the innocent Cuban People.
Is it true that you want the best for the Cuban People?. Remove the criminal embargo do not kill the Cuban people of hunger
:French Revolution -Good,American Rev -Good, Haitian, Revolution-Bad, CubanRevolution - Bad.Beginning to see a pattern here

I like the caveman style dialect you used there. Very fitting.
Obama sent no one to the funeral of Margaret Thatcher.
yes, we need a much better deal than has been made by the current administration.

you lost pop vote by over 2 million. Your an embarrassment! #AuditTheVote
The people shouldn't listen to @realDonaldTrump, we should focus on dealing on real issues that's surrounding us & the world!! :)
seriously?!  You absolutely have no flippin idea even how to do any of that!!  And stop making threats everywhere!
Your mouth is writing so many checks that your ass can't cash. It's going to be very interesting to watch next year. Hahaha
is not fire Mr trup
Just watch how this old Fidel was beloved by his own people. See the massive attendance to pay him the last respect. Peace

desde q  gano Trump los chavistas c olvidaron d imperio, no escuchas un Maduro  arremetiendo y ofendiendo al nvo presidente de EE.UU miedo? 
Do you even know what the deal with Cuba is?
#YourFired two #Chins
, just got back from democrat land,Va.They don't get it.Wow,what an eye opener.Made me appreciate whatYour doing for (US)A!
Trump your an idiot did you even graduate from kindergarten you act as if your still there PATHETIC TRUMP
@nwfamsp001 Please have Michael English sing the National Anthem at your inauguration. Pretty please?
You're insane Donald!
NEW TONIGHT: Trump's unhinged tweets aren't a diversion. We have to face up to it: they're a sign of mental illness 
:.....con toda razón.
Primero las libertades, y derechos humanos.............!
@Arizonadog1 Absolutely Sir!
#clueless
You will never terminate if you think the Trump Org., can make a buck off of it.
There those goes Mr Narcissism
@TrumpPenceUSA1 THATS RIGHT TREAT UR PPL WITH RESPECT
don't talk, do
Let's just TERMINATE YOU in the recount!!! Gotta date set to meet your MENTOR?!?
don't be so fascist! You can't force a foreign country to have a regime change to please the Miami Mafia!
Pozdrav g. Trump iz Slovenie...
Unqualified Trump stupidly believes that he can judge the Iran deal.  Sad delusional old man.   No contact with reality.
Here we see the Rothschild's plan taking over.
Mr. Trump Rudy Giuliani is the best bet
bow out, we need you to. Use your conflicts of intrests as your excuse. Your kids need you. Go home to them. Let it go
you Will be the looser
Of course you will cause you only care about YOU and not anyone else. Sad how hollow inside you are.
@brunelldonald but pls don't flip flop on this!
A long time ago in a galaxy far far away.... @realDonaldTrump
http://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/news/2016/11/28/app-lets-users-boycott-trump/94541732/ … Download boycot Trump  app makes it easy to raise your voice loud and clear
it kills me to see dumb ignorant people asking for a recount
Yeah, wouldn't want that illegal trip to Cuba that you funded to come to light. Oops! #Trumperdink #TrumpMeltdown
if you attended briefings you'd know that could turn an entire contitnent against us DIPSPIT! One China is courting..
.
Obama's deal is irrelevant

President @realDonaldTrump this is your chance to shine!

@latimes @nytimes @MiamiHerald @AP @TIME @business
define better deal you imbecile. Are they supposed to guess??
Thank You..
DUMB.. WE HAVE TO KEEP THAT DEAL, TO KEEP CUBA CLOSE, ESP. AFTER RUSSIA WIPED 80% OF CUBA'S DEBT
. Do you even know wtf you are saying 99 percent of the time
freedom for Cuba.  Obama the clown subsidizing communism.  Go Trump.

Please Kellyanne get this Fool a Muzzle..
Distemper Shot may help..
Por favor permita que nuestros hijos puedan venir. Tenemos todo listo por la reunificación familiar. Por favor respóndanos
100% yes.
So your buddy China has a better human rights policy and free elections?
more bad decisions to add to dump's legacy of incompetence and ineptitude. SAD.
Fidel Castro should read The Art of the Deal, best book in the history of books, and come back alive and negotiate better deal with U.S.
Do not maintain the big stick policy towards small Cuba What about China ? Too strong Yeh? So you rather go after Cuba
I rather U let things change naturally. If U push it to, U might just create a safe haven for drug cartels south of Mia
Open relations helps everyone @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio, as if you cared about HR violations re: Russia, Saudi Arabia, China, US...
keep up the good work President Trump these idiots don't know there azz from a hole in a ground.  Welfare reform is needed
@marcorubio No hablo inglés pero, OJO Santos impone Dictadura aún  multiplicándose Narcotra-hicieron acuerdo pero sigue.
stop harassment against Cuba
if not you will be impeach
you need to stop the harrassment against Cuba
Hillary is better
obumma target cubans for voting for trump. they will be arrested for even trying to come here, what about illegal mexicans
It is clear that the Castro regime has not made any positive changes in regards to human rights issues.
Mr. President please revoke all the changes made by Obama.
Please don't repeal Obama's reversal of wet foot dry foot.  A repeal would be hypocritical of your policy on illegals.
We hope you do
@marcorubio pls said something about this last minute Cuban  policy from BHO.
I would advise elected President Trump to focus his energy for making a better deal for the American people
@marcorubio like healthcare ?
stop molesting children.
@marcorubio I hope Senator Rubio has good sense to vet Elect's crooked fat cat commie appointees.
Right, because that policy has worked for the past 40+ years. NOT!
I see mad and angry people we all should just get along
Whatever happens it will happens
Sir there isn't a "deal" to speak of, it's a move on our side that's had nothing but good effects. Please meet with us
@marcorubio why it is up to Cubans to change their system.Sanctions did not work.
happy new year 2017
maybe they just hate you

@marcorubio https://twitter.com/ResemblingACult/status/813529355058089984 …
After this can black people PLEASE be able to buy one of your houses?
Are you planning to help blacks in Cubs?
*Cuba
@ChatRevolve .
after how many vacations there?
cuba spen over 50 year what you think they need help
@Trump4prez20166 that's the right move.
TERMINATE
not a god idea
It's time to Deal Castro regime the final blow, get rid of the Cuban Adjustment Act Mr.President!
it's time to Deal Castro regime the ultimate financial blow, Mr.President!
@marcorubio These are people! Human beings! Not merchandise or a product.If it wasn't for your embargo Cuba thrives. Fyou!
PLEASE Don't forget the JOHNSON amendment.
@marcorubio Raul is so scared! Haha! Putin will probably give him some ammunition to shot you down.
please build good relationships with other countries rather than terminating them
let's just take the Castro's out and make a 2nd Puerto Rico
@marcorubio
agree!
