Trump’s candidacy has weaponized HATE. 

Read more at: http://www.nationalreview.com/article/441319/donald-trump-alt-right-internet-abuse-never-trump-movement … @realDonaldTrump
MSM is reaping what they sow. When you sell lies you should expect a reaction. Peaceful folk hate Clinton lies.
So anyone that opposes Trump deserves to have their families and children attacked? 

You seem nice. 
@JAMESSOCALIE @realDonaldTrump
I have zero sympathy for the left MSM, they're not credible, in case you haven't heard.
David French is not a 'leftist'. Neither is Ben Shapiro.
He is definitely a left leaning individual
Ben Shapiro? holy shit. Do some research
not smart
http://www.dailynewsbin.com/opinion/inside-the-political-and-financial-collusion-between-donald-trump-and-vladimir-putin/25393/ …
Throw her stinking *ss in prison. Maybe she'll get a bath there. #BoiledCabbage
Hillary crooked for life
@sheilamterry1 @DailyCaller unfortunately there are no violations Donald, she does whatever she wants under this admin!
What's it like knowing that every time you go out to eat one of line cooks has done something deplorable to your food?
Your getting crushed here by your tweet. Suggestion - stay off President Trumps twitter feed Hill-bot!

WOW Ray did U really just go there? This pic is really disturbing. Bet U offended many.
@HillaryClinton If I'm Crooked +As Low-A Life Form As #DonaldTrump I'm Hardly Calling Someone Else #Crooked @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @MSNBC
Keep stretching the truth all of you there.  I KNOW this isn't directly from Donald, since he'd never know the violation.
Every time you open your mouth it's an OPSEC violation.  #Putinspuppet

arrest her already!
No one cares except your desperate supporters. You will lose BIG in 18 days.
Now now John let's not call names
Are you desperate??? lol
ur just a black "super predator" to racist Hillary. But it's ok for her to be racist she's a dem
John you are gross.  Why not show your picture so we can see what a racist freak looks like. Embarrassment to Repubs
lmao... U want crooked, corrupt, wall street hillary i assume
No, we just want Trump's supporters to use punctuation & correct grammar. Is it too much to ask!?
#GrammarPolice #Triggered
Yes, because wanting someone to speak with intelligence is such a terrible thing. You got me!
#InternetPolice #Triggered
Your friend Putin hacked it!
Your reference throws tantrums about being called out: http://www.snopes.com/2016/07/28/daily-caller-throws-another-temper-tantrum-after-being-debunked-by-snopes-com/ …
Bogus sources, bogus conclusions.
just came from early voting in Weston Fl. Suspicious van with NY plates delivering. Magnet on side.
combine every HC negative tweet & I'll gladly take that over racist crazy unknowledgeable childish Hitler @KellyannePolls
Hell, she does it on national television.
#Hilary had a great time damaging all American interests for cash. It will haunt her all the days of her life. There's no escaping. Dimwit.
why do you keep telling your rally idiots you are ahead in all the polls and stay off Michelle Obama you idot
thats rich coming from the guy whom invited russia to hack the fucking election...shaddap already trump...
Give it up buddy. Your whining about emails is boring. You've killed your own campaign with your mouth and behavior. Bye.
that's why you're voting for Hillary you missed the whole point,the emails are the most important fact
No, they're not. Trump's racism, misogyny, fraud, theft from charities, stuffing workers, sexual predator is
don't believe everything you see on the news obviously it's all bias, wake up
support donald trump
More shit coming out of Diarrhea Donald....
and the American people just keep letting it happen why is nobody Prosecuting her
Trumpy, I don't care about the emails. It's your viciousness, vengefulness, indecency & cruelty I care about. Never Trump.
@FBIWFO @FBIChicago @FBINewYork @FBI when will U uphold the Law all these allegation & no investigations HRC federal crimes
He gets security briefings now as the @Gop candidate
after giving out National Intelligence at the debate no one doubts this
give up fat boy Hilary already won just bend over and take it
Prosecute, prosecute, prosecute!  DRAIN THE SEWER!
Soros is Hillary's best friend - Russia wants to arrest Soros - Understand?

the fact Trump was born is a valid argument for abortion.
Trump would make a perfect poster child for pro-abortions
your rich son needs to steal drinks? Is that how you support business?
Just following in daddy's footsteps!
ECONOMIC SABOTAGE is TREASON! http://thejewishwars.blogspot.com/2016/05/burning-down-house-how-goddamn-sachs.html …
Hey Donny @realDonaldTrump Boy. Is the name going to be Trump TV or N-BC  the Nut-Bag Channel.
Booooooooo!! Memories of last night. #ImWithHer #nevertrump
Evading taxes 20 years is clearly a violation of the tax code. -#imwither #trumpisataxevader
you are the last person qualified to talk about intelligence of any kind
other side the wall for you!!!
what does Hilary's marriage have to do with how she can run the country??
And Trump is married 3 times and divorced twice. Oh wait that's acceptable because he's a Man. 
#LMAO yeah he'll be dealing our lives and economy away...like his other businesses. Great. #fail
No I mean this list which is well over 10 or 20. 
http://gawker.com/a-complete-list-of-donald-trump-s-business-disasters-1764151188 …
You are lost!
If Crooked HRC WINS N GETS CONVICTED SHE COULD PARDON HERSELF. .. FOX NEWS just reported... Vote TRUMP☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
Why is James Comey walking free?  He's on the board of The Clinton Foundation, CONFLICT of interest!
my FB video for you is going viral with over 250k views! http://Goo.gl/mXChje 
@HillaryClinton eeee
your joke of a campaign has challenged democracy, DNA testing, freedom of the press and common sense. you are a joke.
Finally, someone with common sense admist a sea of ignorance & idiocy. Thank you.
thank you
we have to keep Donald Trump safe
https://youtu.be/pnbGhiXnETI 
Emails from Russia.  Anyone could have wrote them.  Putin?  Putin Puppet?  VERIFY BEFORE YOU CRUCIFY!
Beware...
Yeah so called "Expert" for the Dailycaller (Bullshit Tabloid) outweighs FBI investigations and all else. Fucking Idiot.
Donald do you wanna play Russian roulette with 6 rounds, you will go first?
The end of the 2 of you is near.
You renigged on locking her up as soon as you got elected. Why talk about her crookedness now?

violation of sex with children law: you
Your political director "Murphy" bailed out on you, not good...your people are jumping ship.
You are the lowest of life form, you feel good by making others feel bad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37zvOZ17eSE …
Hillary revealing US nuclear protocol to the world. Bad judgment!
I'll just leave this here
"Snopes" are admitted democrat propagandists
.@realDonaldTrump You choked at a charity event and lost again.

Sources cited:
You know it.
I know it.
God knows it.

#BIGLY
you're loser!


Hillary will get hers once these prosecutors from bridge gate are finished with this far more important task.
How is this any different than the Contractor who has just been held without bail just for hoarding classified info?
give it up Cheeto. You're going to lose so BIGLY.
It's not her fault the Russians made her do it.
Would be if she did. Very crooked of you to try to confuse your poor benighted supporters this way
I heard what she said about our Nuclear response time was a Humongous No No at debate to 70m people 
"GRAB THEM BY THE PUSSY" You dirty, low down, nasty PIG! LOSER!!!
I THOT U WERE SELF FUNDING? U LIED 2 UR SUPPORTERS? WHY R U ASKING 4 THEIR $$? and where is the wall in this plan?

hey Donald I'm about to go Fb live on my fb Amanda Kaye Butler about voting fraud in my city please tune in and share! 
#Trump having a Twitter aneurysm! Jesus take the Android! #TrumpMeltdown #BabyTrump #YouLose #VoteNasty #debatenight
Benghazi,emails, riots in Chicago, deplorables, rigged debates already knowing questions, public vs private...
, where is the FBI?
o
Can't kick out Dem pols, but can kick out spineless GOP establishment. #downballotrevolt http://tinyurl.com/zasnxwc 
u r a loser
NOT if your a CLINTON! There is everyday law, for you, me, and the guy down the street!  Then there is HRC LAW
so.. someone at Justice should charge her
@Vet4Trump2016 @DailyCaller 
So is hawking the 4 minute nuke code. Crooked condescending self stop using the ppl property.

these materials have been altered by Russian agents!
with love from Russia
And she pretends having access to our most sacred and secret weapon: The Nuclear Bomb! No way!



thank you Donald Trump stand strong we are praying and believing God for you

saddest part, you could have won. You beat yourself, the base doesn't win elections, you have to pivot to the middle.
Here's @wikileaks dropping #WikiNukes on @POTUS. 2016 is the best damn year in a very long time
not to mention speaking about US nuke protocols during the debate. Info compromised to 70 Million people.
It's too late. HUMBLE YOURSELF AND concede. GO OUT LIKE A WINNER INSTEAD OF A BIG LOSER!
I can't wait for Donald Trump to be president.
We hate you THAT MUCH
DJT list all these wiki leaks dark secrets of HRC nd call a press conf nd spill it out media is ignoring these
You Stink Trump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     That's all there is to it!
Codswallop
my nephew would have voted Trump!!!!
Donnie, another twit storm? Do something worthwhile for a change. Like show me your tax returns or the results of your MMPI

I wonder how many laws this protected elitist has to break before she is held accountable. Hillary Clinton makes me sick!
Maybe the bonehead HRC voters think she'll share that dirty money. Not likely.
 https://twitter.com/neilturner_/status/773375900981362689 …
never
Don't you realize it's all just noise at this point? The more you tweet, the more it's ignored. #GameOver #FatLadySinging
Plz remember one thing. If U don't win;but I believe U will. Know  thing. It WILL NOT be a waste of time. Ppl awake now
all trump does is throw up s***
yeah and how about the fact that she told the world our nuclear response time ! Your right, bad ass judgement!
- key word "hacked" we are smart enough to not believe in anything hacked- that will play against you @polls
Time for prison.
Violation of the law is a way of life for crooked Hillary!    http://truepundit.com/pentagon-hillary-clinton-should-be-arrested-for-leaking-top-secret-nuclear-intelligence-on-national-tv/ …
get that #nastybitch
W/ all the judges & Lawyers including supreme Court Judges in America, no one has  balls to lock HRC up? Shame
how does she have security clearance?

these are grounds for impeachment
@just4funpolitic Congress should start investigating Podesta & Hillary right now
but please dont judge people by their religion
If she wins, it WILL BE by CHEATING, without a DOUBT. The CHEATING has ALREADY BEEN EXPOSED, and it's just the BEGINNING!
it's over only question is do you lose Goldwater style

Yes Anyone That Has Dealt With Security In THe Military All Know Just How Guilty She Is... Many Have Been Jailed For Less..
don't you have anything better to do??

Stupidity!!!
@KatrinaPierson @DailyCaller *yawn*
And TRUMP is THE GREATEST!!
psst...stop tweeting this stuff...it ain't working worth a damn...she's still getting followers...somehow
You're done.  And these sad boring tweets are just ridiculous.  Someone take his phone away.
ALERT Dems and Indpts don't cast your vote too soon you cannot take it back Clinton afraid making sure you cast early
Show your TAXES before you go back HOME (NOT THE W.H)!
HRC bombed muslims. You are right she is Crooked.
@johnpodesta Uh-oh. #Criminal
TRUMP WAS RIGHT ALL ALONG ABOUT HILLARY. SHE IS CROOKED CORUPT EXTREMELY RECKLESS & DANGEROUS TO OUR COUNTRY!
In several key states, the early vote has shifted heavily to the Democrats since 2012
And yet the people that would decide if it was already said it wasn't... Suspicious.

a contrast one side Hillary who is for aborting full term babies, and U against abortion, U  R the 1 God wants as President
SHE'S DUMB!
You have some loyal Korean Veterans that are plainly explaining to me that I Need to Vote and For you. Prescription Costs.
All we get from you is::::::::::::::::::
Hey Trump, did you even read the story? She was a private citizen at the time. She was just giving her opinion.#ImwithHer
All those voting for corrupt Clinton, wake up. You are so gullible to believe the words of a known liar.
You will be the embodiment of failure for American children will the end of time
nope
#HillaryJudgementDay #LockHerUp

VIOLATIONS DONT MATTER-WHY DID CREAMER MEET OBAMA 47 TIMES & AT WH 347 TIMES--WHY--WHYZ?? THIS IS BIG-U SAY NOTHING WHY-???
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain !?? 
NEXT JOKE PLZ
Looks like people are jumping off the Trump Train, what do they know and when did they know it!
how does she not know....all of this is incredible
@KatrinaPierson @DailyCaller Latest polls suggest Trump will not even get 100 electoral college votes! Loooooser
face it, you lose.
make America great again my dude !!!
Jesus, ur boring
not to mention, she has the audacity to use insecure private server after lecturing State Dept Employees
FILE CHARGES AS A US CITIZEN..WE ALL HAVE THAT RIGHT..FORCE JUSTICE...CRIMES AGAINST AMERICA
how about the Cuban embargo ?  Or using charity money for yourself?  Or assaulting women?
@KatrinaPierson @DailyCaller hey smart people. Clinton finished as SoS February 1, 2013. So incorrect as per the usual.
Protocol Broken because One Person has spoken left out We, As We Cab See Overexpose Under Our Nose
Hey, why did you use Trump Foundation money to pay a flagpole height violation fine for Mar-a-lago?
2/ seems like that would be the American thing 2 do, do some real reporting help put those involved away
She has broken so many laws. Lock her up!
NO. 
NO ONE LIKE U ESPECIALLY NOT IN CANADA 
SRSLY U SHOULD SEE HOW RAGING CANADA IS
I have it.  Why don't you invite a whole group of women to ride with you ... the entire spectrum of women in this country.
