rest of the world thinks we are ALL controlled by the media. Countdown to reality begins now! #TRUMP

I VOTED FOR YOU!!! HUMBLE yourself before God and He will lead you.
Donald , God will use you if you put your presidency under His guidance. I am praying for you.
@HillaryClinton @FLOTUS @BarackObama @timkaine @TheDemocrats
One of my favorite videos...I hope many African Americans saw it.
contact me now new information trump
please watch youtube video larry Nichols now trump I sent it earlier
locals
Non-whites are just as racist if not more. BET network, UNCF, affirmative action. BLACK LIVES MATTERS!  What did we expect would happen?
Good speech.  Hatred exists on all sides! Funny how the rise of white nationalists rose incredibly under Obama in Long Island. Trumps fault?
God bless these great Americans.
@karennola719 SMART VOTE CHARLOTTE VOTES TRUMP We in Florida thank you MAGA HONESTLY WITH TRUMP!!! XO
make this video trend please we are losing time
KEEP YOUR DISCIPLINED AND POSITIVE MESSAGE.  Thank goodness!  We think you ARE our next POTUS!  PRAISES BE TO GOD.
@NeilTurner_  vote Trump, America has never needed your vote more than she does today.
I just saw this. Wow what a powerful message.
Follow me if you support Trump!
GO DONALD TRUMP! MAKE IT GREAT AGAIN!
Vote, Vote, Vote! Nov. 8 is the day this nightmare ends, NO MORE DONALD! #VoteOrGrope
I hope I never hear his name after the 8th. I just want to throw up each time I see him on tv
And btw HRC HATES America because she's a global elitest!
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
That was an amazing and very powerful speech.
Nazi says what?
He is going to save your ass.
HE CAN'T EVEN WIPE HIS OWN ASS LET ALONE SAVE ANYONE ELSE'S
I went to school today and I wore trump clothes

Tampa Rally
There should be a special tax on Trump supporters after Hillary Clinton wins in November
Typical socialist sentiment.
stfu
Right back at ya! #Triggered
not fair to  lump into one catagory. GOP is just as diverse as DEMS
I'm not being unfair. I've been to two trump rallies and was embraced and treated great. I just don't agree with the platform.
why don't u agree w platform?
I don't think Trump would move forward with this. He's the most pro-LGBT Rep Nom we've had.  http://www.npr.org/2016/07/13/485899139/republican-platform-tilts-right-of-trump-on-lgbt-issues …
Obama on Trayvon Martin..,Could have been my son.  Never called out a white victim! Wonder why white nationalism is on the rise?
The left wants to destroy America by  stirring the fire of hatred with their support for ethnic nationalism vs. American nationalism.
Yes!!! #VoteTrump
@pattyforTrump 
Two very BEAUTIFUL WOMEN  voting for #Trump
national Anthem, PLEDGE OF ALLEGANCE, then say Lord's prayer asking public to join in
They are so very sadly mistaken. Wake up Black America and the rest who have been fooled. He doesn't care about any of us.
I yet to make one of your rallies to show my support for your run for POTUS. But know that you have my support!

Shouldn't that be Bill Clinton?

#DumpTrump

#OPTRUMP @realDonaldTrump  https://twitter.com/AnonymousJobsUS/status/791731368451514368/photo/1pic.twitter.com/XO3aRy8fGc 
and keep the garbage? Why???!!! That just stupid
Bravo Gloria and keep going Mr. Trump; most of Canadians and Americans like you. Good luck and I hope you will win.
it was an excellent speech!
Deplorable says what?
YOU CAN'T CHANGE SOUTHERN STUPID OUT OF IGNORANCE, SO SAD IS THE PASTORS LYING TO THESE PEOPLE.
you suck! Speeches are weak! Your liar!
#MAGA   #CrookedHillary   @JudgeJeanine @oreillyfactor
#deluded people thinking that he accepts all people. Ask him why he got innocent people thrown out of his rally
black supporters of Rump are so blind ,Stevie Wonder see better than them suck morons.
beautiful smart women ,we're going to win!!
"
very nice decent pretty ladies.Spoke the truth
well said
release your tax returns!!!
you have my support Sir
wow I feel sorry for them
we you
Mr. Trump you are amazing keep up the good work!
Actors?
@adsenseto - This why i put the bottle DOWN,,
@TIMENOUT keep going Donald,  You've got the nation's attention and it's well deserved.
There not black those stupid old fool's if anyone should know about what's going on should be them old timers think of your ancestors.
He tried to Trigger!!!!
#MAGA
daddy
nice post
DRAIN THE SWAMP!!!
Thank You ladys for telling the truth! Democrats NOT helping the Black people.Yes Trump will help You
a quick stop in ny would be a good choice
Love to you Donald,Finally someone who will not work to divide the people against each other.
how much did you pay them lol
did they get ejected from your rally too
NeverTrumpforPOTUS
THESE LADIES ROCKED THE TRUMP RESPONSE AND UNDERSTAND WHO TRUMP IS: MAGA
don't vote for an orange Russian puppet! @HillaryClinton @ananavarro
#SheWillWin
I hope you find the black Veteran and make him part of your next rally
you're welcome    I in the other hand was so overjoyed to see an old friend, I knocked over an entire display of skeletons
@Uberluxurytrans this democrat business woman is voting for you!
bull shyt
"hey Donny what are you gonna do when you lose?"
"I'm going to Disneyland!..and assault all the cartoon chicks!"
stop mocking the great democracy the US is!!
@BrislinM
you ladies said it right Donald trump loves America .
. Thank you keep the faith.my prayers are with you
I heard a load of BS was being delivered. You just explained it.
Rigged system?
 Trump 2016 
.  I know that the African American vote will be high for Mr Trump, the Dems have abandoned them
These women sound like they've been drugged.  You two are a joke or desperate/lying to yourselves. U r living in a bubble
Lady's tell all Blacks now a real change is on it's way to be free once & for all coming out from under the slavery of Dems
you're an embarrassment
drop dead rapist
@Paolalopez1971  You've got to win this thing Mr Trump! Soros is going to do everything to keep you from winning Watch out!
mmmmh eloquent #imbeingsarchastic #JustInCase
that's a GREAT VIDEO, and those are good people! You're for ALL AMERICANS, and we love it. America 1st! @KellyannePolls
God bless these women who see the Democrats for what they are, radicals/Communists and only use black voters to get elected
Hillary wanted her voters to vote early and often before anything more came out to derail her chances.
Your supporters are radical violent extremists and uneducated ignorant fools You r asking them 2b have like terrorists.EVIL

Love Donald, Love these people and Love America
Wonderful!
"He 'a all people" "He 'a AMERICA!!" Thank you
way to go ladies. Trump does not need us     Whe need trump.
Alert! We found one more voter for Trump, his cousin, Tim Trump
I'm sorry ur too fucking stupid - u didn't hear Comey tell Hearings just. how. much. the. bitch. lied.
Then explain this:
https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/790323912290684930/video/1 …
@anthony5505USNVQ-1 LOVE YOU MAN!!!
You haven't given a speech if that's what you call your RETHORIC when will you try to give a speech bc u can't do one
how much did you pay those two black women to speak on your behalf? Or are they just your kids in really good make up?
You are the best. Go Trump
GO DEMS voting for Trump!!! Yay!
We are a great nation We won't allow poverty, inequality and wars turn us against each other. YES to safe bordes and jobs
what is a borde?
Miss Lady, you shame your race.
NC FOR TRUMP- hatteras -
Sad to see those blk women for DJT. Ignorant of who & what DJT represents=Bigotry, lies, incompetence. The ancestors weep!
.@realDonaldTrump If we Americans go with @HillaryClinton 's plan we'll become corporate slaves and lose the country. We won't let it happen
WHO CARES UNREAL DONALD DRUMPF????? ALREADY VOTED FOR HER!!!
WHO CARES UNREAL DONALD DRUMPF????? ALREADY VOTED FOR HER!!!
Put Bishop Jacksons prayer shawl on Mr. Trump, When you have corruption, we need the supernatural power of God to help u.
One of the best ones yet, had great sincerity and substance sir.
You are like the ever ready battery, u keep on ticking.

Get rid of the corruption!!! Thank you for exposing how corrupt our country is!
Sir please, please, please stay on point! Talk about corruption of Clinton yes-- but who you are and will be!
Feed hope!!
@MELANIATRUMP  eedback... go home...back to your tacky home
No, you heaved up a mess of words. There is a big difference in that and delivering a speech.
not many...lol ... you know damn well you hate blacks! con man!
now this is news!!! Great to hear this woman speak 
Release your tax returns.
what a liar you are! You believe your own spin. If you don't lie then people will not think ur great. U are a fake
https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/791686033482063873 …
Trump cares about YOU having your chance. Don't listen to selfish celebs supporting Hillary already having made MILLIONS.
they got brainwash
Awesome!
Here's feedback. Black folks don't like racists who try to disgrace the first Black Pres. of U.S.
Donald Trump for the people! Main street media has painted you the bad guy, but America stands united for Trump/President!
let's all Stas and hear a Amen!
Vote for trump. #TrumpSupporters
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/29/us/politics/fbi-hillary-clinton-email.html …
It was a great rally! #NCforTrump http://www.breitbart.com/video/2016/10/27/mother-daughter-trump-supporters-on-msnbc-trump-is-reaching-out-to-all-citizens-including-african-americans/ …
It's time to win for America.  Love your Country, please vote Trump. Thank you.

I love those gals.  There is hope for America.
http://www.wcbm.com/?p=70381 
good luck

I loved listening to this, they seem so sweet!
That's an eye opener!
Euronews forecast: who win North Carolina will win the election.
WRONG is absolutely right!
wow so real lol FACEBOOK
@GeorgeMee You ladies are right,look at the record! Bye the way you 2 ladies are beautiful. Mother and daughter.
Mr.Trump I voted for you in early voting the other day.
Mr. President, you got this!!!!
that's my sister from another Mister... go girl
A lot of those people voted for a criminal. I bet they wish they had their vote back now.  Hillary may be disqualified.
turned in my vote for you today in North Carolina!
- Jumping to the conclusion about Weiner's penis is one of the reasons you are not qualified to be POTUS.
this reporter keeps baiting -- he's less interested in finding out what they think than telling them what he thinks.  Ugh.
you run your tongue all you want but you are still a loser with a grandiose complex and will be humiliated 4 the work 2 see
#DonaldTheHater, I bet this the support you appreciate!!! http://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/a-trump-supporter-lynched-dummies-for-halloween-in-kendall-8883872 …
Amen!! You see how the reporter was trying to bait her into addressing false claims...
#MAGA
@anthony_dgls Trina look like she use to suck mad weenies back in 1993
Keep opening a can of whoop a**, D.
liar liar pants on fire
