Trump and Billy Bush on tour. Access Hollywood sells tour bus to trump.  Tickets go on sale Nov 9. Pre-order now!
i hope you will succeed in closing USA. Remember to build a roof too so we wont get your coal pollution. #usafuckstheworld
@JSilamianos she is a liar and the mother of all lies.
Nothing you say everyday is true...what’s the difference? You are much worse than HRC would’ve been....I always knew it, but def see it now!
#PresidentPussyGrabber

well nothing you ever say is true according to the experts
What about your Russian bank server?
How does responsible governing lack control for missing $6bn at Dept of State? Who was head of Dept of State?
Idiot...someone does the 'tweeting' of statements for him when he's not available to do so himself.
AND SHE IS A GLOBALIZATION FREEK
shut up
@SandraVona  you might want to try that !
Bill's secret server used to go down all the time.
how about stop bashing her and do something! Never seen so much bashing against another candidate than you! Ur hateful
Truth is not in her!
Confidence, facts,...stay on point. Don't chase rabbits. Has she had affairs...proof?
You Trump thinks that everyone is a liar like you...Not true...
Basically nothing #CrookedHillary has said PERIOD, is true!
NOTHING???
Bush created ISIS by turning Shias of Iraq n Syria onto Sunnis.. thats why there is civil war in Iraq n Syria dumb
I want to report that there is a white guy running for president who doesnt even know ISIS was created by Bush
Basically nothing @realDonaldTrump has ever said is true either.  Lol
Didn't think you were , Mr. President! We knew you would tell us the truth.@realdonaldtrump
Vote TRUMP
You have no clue what the hell is going on in Middle East.. Its not Obama making but is Bush making!!
On one hand u blame Obama supporting Iran and on other hand u support Shia Asaad., isnt that a contradiction
@SandraVona 
it's more like 15-18 servers.
I'm sure that's true.
Obviously, the law doesn't agree with your no-nothing opinion.
Basically NOTHING you've said is true.
#DonTheCon #RealMenDontGrabPussy
@WenzOmatic Hillary keeps saying you are not truthful. Of the 2 of you only Hillary has been certified a liar by the FBI
OF COURSE ADD 2ND ADMENDMENT
Geeze. This "debate" looks a lot more like a VH1 reality show than it does a contest for a leader. @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton  #debate
She wants to deflect from herself. She does not want to talk about issues and policy
why aren't you talking about this?
https://www.facebook.com/debbie.alcalde/posts/10154637138629703 …
#Hillary  No comparison 2 u Sir!!!
Its #TeaTimeTalk Trump. That's what ladies do when they sit around and talk shit. Member when u we're in #thelockerroom?
everyone that had her email address knew. It wasn't a secret that is just propaganda. Email accounts have domains.
basically nothing you've said is true either? So now what?
Lets face it, you are both huge liars and America has the leaders it deserves.
Please stay up all night telling us about Crooked Hillary.  Love how it makes you dull the next day.  #DullLoserTrump2016
lol! Coming drive m an expert liar. Priceless!
has Geraldo Rivera always been a yellow journalist
FOX NEWS today=HILLARY LIED-She deleted 30,000 emails AFTER FBI ordered her to turn them over. FACT. SHE LIES@!
says fraud artist, draft dodger, racist, sexual predator Trump
She lies then lies about the lies.
She short circuits when it come to which lie is which.
Hillary wouldn't know the truth if it hit her in the face.
sock it to her!
#haters who love #Hillary R just afraid that they'll have to go to work!!!  & btw she's anti-gay! #HillaryForPrison #free$
@MoultonGreg read new wikileaks dump her own ppl say she lies
- You are the #CrookedTrump who is exhibiting transference onto others for your extreme and hurtful deeds. (and words)
bet HRC would still accept your money without a problem.
great job last night don't let up on Hilary!
r u talking about the one she wiped, u know, with a cloth? #NeverHillary
Jailing your political opponents only happens in dictatorships
But at least you told the truth how you grab the pussy!
@IremTuncel Trump Triumphs with Honest unscripted answers.Heinous Hillary given all advantages .Still Loses by Wikileaks.
All she could talk about was children, dont get me wrong , I love kids but this is a grown up world with big problems.
Please believe biggly, Americans are voting for you Mr. Trump
Show us the evidence.  If you have evidence, she will get busted and then you will be a sure win.  You have none, though.

and she hates it when you call her out!!!  
and nothing you have said at all is true

@PhdFor
you have said nothing but truth this whole time... Even though fact check has proved otherwise. Dream on Chump 
#DUMPTRUMP
You were great, fantastic.
basically every word that comes out of her mouth every word IS A LIE SHE IS SO CORRUPT& A BACK SLIDER SHE WILL KILL US ALL.
Basically nothing you have said in the past eighteen months and beyond has been true.
Um so you now know all about how Servers operate huh. Amazing. Do you also operate on yourself. Well then do a brain trans
You seem to forget that the other secretary's of state had private accounts as well.
whereas Donald everything you said during the debate has been true. NOT!
you'll find out
The  FBI & Justice Department, State Dept... abosolutely no one is above the law! Be transparent & seek 4giveness Trump!
basically has ANYTHING she ever said been true? Fired from watergate committee for lying
Hillary poked the bear- now she is toast, done!  Crush her.  No more Mitt Romney pulled punches. Nothing to lose so go
She keeps saying it was a private email account No it wasn't it was a private server YUGE difference! Just lie after lie!
What about George Bush's 2 million deleted emails?
@JCCWatch What even qualifies her to talk about cyber security?
she does not know how to tell the truth
Basically nothing you have said has been true.
Next time, end it with a q to audience - "Think about WHY she went to all this trouble of private server, breaking phones"
you rocked the house last nite Donald!!!
Donald Hitler Trump. 
I wish and pray for you loosing. I'm going to be terrified if you get any kind of real power! Bully!
Her pinnocho nose comes around the corner 5 minutes before she does.
  
is that like a secret Santa? I love those. #debate #debates2016
#liar trump #nevertrump
@FoxNews forget sniffles. Not sure about St. Louis, MO, but in Texas pollen high/allergies Sniffles/ stuffy nose/ itchy 
instead server say she had her very own private internet to send and receive over 100 classified emails that we know of
and a fly landed on her face when she tried to defended because she was so full of shit it attracted flies!
She wouldn't know the truth if it bit her in the ass
Clinton's know they  can get away with anything if they repeat the lie enough times.
Somehow fact it was a SECRET server is an indication everything concerning it is SECRET2!She's a liar who thinx we're dumb!
BUILD THE WALL
Nothin you say about anything is true
Trump you r shooting crap through that orange thing on ur head everyone knows ur lying about ur taxes and who u owe money 2
DJT, HRT NOT FIT 2B CMDR IN CHIEF OF USARMDSVC @ SHE KILD BENGAZI MEN. HOW CAN R ARMDSVC HAVE MORALE W/HER?
...ülke halkları kendılerını dızayn ederler...onlara sılah degıl yatırım lazım.fakırın elındekını zorla alma...yüzü gülsün
sevgılı başkan...bız senı ıstıyoruz...dünyanın yenı bır barış hamlesı için işbılen adam lazım..gelecegı konuşalım.....
When she said there's no evidence anyone hacked classified docs, I was sure you'd say, "That's because you deleted them!"
I'm so glad that you finally said to her face in front of the world what we're all screaming for someone to say, she lives
we all know, these people who call themselves liberals, they have no liberal values, Trump is more liberal than them


@JewsChooseTrump Excellent job tonight! Hit her square on! She's short circuiting in a corner somewhere... Lol
Donnie the con. You are the crook not Hillary
Keep speaking the truth, eventually the haters will start to investigate things for themselves.
Her famous opening phrase:  "What you just heard out of Donald Trump is simply not true."  Nobody buys it!
#youreadouche
what needs to be addressed: she sees Russia as a cyber threat yet she still placed national secrets on a private server!
#crude classless Trump. No one in their right mind believes a thing you say because you'll later say u were being sarcastic

@jenilynn1001 A fly landed on Hillary's face at debate it's an omen she's possessed don't vote for her
Politifact found you most untruthful candidate.  70% of your statements are untrue.
TRUE! But you releasing tax returns AFTER the so-called audit is as phony a a $3 bill!
I don't think most people care. Only witch hunters trying to destroy a decent woman.
Basically nothing you've said about anything has been true.
@LATiffani1 Basically nothing she has said about anything has been true!
Everything was true.  There is no substance to your claim. Zero, notta, zilch. Nothing, no there, there.
@Keeblerqueen 

She keeps downplaying emailgate as "personal email" as opposed to unsecured "personal server". YUGE diff!
How can u tell when she's lying? Simple lips r moving. LOL.
I think u were treated unfairly at this debate. The moderators were bias.
If hackers could hack DNC, Powell, Podesta, Sony & many others then how can she claim her less secure server was not hacked
Nothing that comes out of her trap is true.  We the people know it.
-She has no clue what truth is!
totally agree

Wrong!
YES HILLARY VOTED FOR A LOT OF BILLS AS SECRETARY , BUT GUEST WHAT NONE OF THEM PAST.
@MikeRotondo86 https://youtu.be/Wzpou5iePP0 
@wiltonmommy Thank you sir for taking on the #Corrupt military industrial complex. You are in my prayers! 
@dariusdariodan you need to change your perspective and focus on women, Islam and Immigration
Yes you won te debate gobierno Trump 2016
The American ppl know that. @FBI & DoJ are protecting her. That will change, soon
pig
How are you going to bring the jobs back, you never did answer that question, only dodging it.
nothing she says is true, Hillary should be Guinness world record books for most accomplished liar! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
@surfermom77 go Trump
sex tape lies Drumpf. And much more
HILLARY CLINTON NEVER STOPS LYING.  TRUMP PUT HER ON THE SPOT TONIGHT
@SandyHermannJ nothing you said all night was
Yes he did the fact Hillary was there on Obama called for the Red Line in Syria! She lied!
#orangehitler is not fit because He is not a human and was illegally brought here to America by his dad on a boat:
basically nothing you say make sense Donald
She is probably the most dishonest politician in modern history.
.  Basically nothing you say is true. #Trumpserialliar
she a lier lock her up lock her up 2016hillaryfor prison
@FrenchForTrump. And confirmed by the FBI.
@clambert54 nothing you have said about locker talk is true
