Hitler was a Communist not a Socialist, You really need to learn History and the difference between the two words
You need to go back to school and know the difference between a Communist and Socialist..Lol...The stupidity is amazing

congralulation and success as president USA as the world power,to promote this pluralistic world, thanks
At Least 6 Trump White House Advisers Used Private Email Accounts.
#IdiotInChief is turning the swamp into a cesspool.
#ImpeachTrump
Drain the SWAMP! Need Intel ???OBAMA what's going on  D.C.FORTRESS? How far will he take his treasonous ways demonstrated while in office? 
please! #Drain the swamp!  She's ALFA GATOR 
PLESSE!
Our country can not be led by a flawed man-boy under investigation by special counsel.  We must DRAIN THE WH SWAMP. Remember your words.
LMAO
You've filled it right back up with garbage.
Donald, I would like Senator McCains emails investigated from 2008. He had pictures of Isis on his computer.
BUT RUSSIAN PUPPETS.... THEY'RE OK.
jawra sala
world rich, assertive, brave, and succesful in the business world and become an example for the world, thanks
I Favor Rio Rudianto, Borneo Central Kalimantan province of south Barito Regency, very proud to have the president of the
Funny. Both of you have problems. XD
@mikestockmusic Disgraceful. Mails not from her, not her server .Trump dragged this into the gutter Disgusting role model.
Thought it was the FBI who brought this out? If she's innocent, what's your problem?
Same problem you may have with Trump's 12 sexual assault accusers, I'd imagine.
those women are lying.
assume you accept that of Bill Clintons accusers too yeah ?
no Bill Clinton's accusers are telling the truth.
I've really got no words for that . Await #Trumps rape of a minor court date in Dec .
Trump will be the President elect by then. He won't have to show up.
I am not American but I pray @realDonaldTrump can make it in power or the world will go down
it's great he was elected instead of that bitch Hillary.  Are you from Europe?
@HillaryClinton @NickMerrill @CNN @ChrisCuomo Hillary has said something I agree with 100%! #LockHerUp
Lol
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
haha, big baby boy upset his hero Hillary is going down
like your mommy did last night on the homeless guys.
.@steveg1425 @realDonaldTrump Hillary should ship you to China, cause you are a factory of unfunny jokes
So is using non de plumes. Preferences work that way.
Barely Speak Bronx
@TimKcomic I love how he reads and puppets what he's told to say by his handlers.
http://mg.co.za/article/2016-09-08-allegations-of-rape-have-resurfaced-against-donald-trump-yet-again …

Don't forget this one.
@DonaldJTrumpJr @mike_pence @EastwoodUSA @SheriffClarke @laurenacooley @COLRICHARDKEMP @AnnCoulter







be careful my new POTUS. I support you, listen to Secret Service and watch ur 6. There are crazies out there!
Good morning President Trump
Congratulations Mr. PRESIDENT We NEVER UNDER ESTIMATED YOU! Now,please,we pray for u to serve this country honerably!
why do you look like the annoying orange
It’s a shame you don’t know how to talk on your own. Poor baby needs a teleprompter.
I knew obomawas a rat   Writing letters to Iran and some Republicans knew this. Why couldn't they have said something?
@Lagartija_Nix ,,, time 4 the military 2 step in ,,,
between play for play, Obamacare nasty NAFTA it's insane they have any votes.
how in the world can people believe Hilary
Vote Republican, really? REALLY?  von Clownstick?  @realDonaldTrump
Liar liar liar ur pants on fire
THANK YOU SOOO Much! May GOD ALMIGHTY EQUIP YOU FOR EVERY GOOD WORK!
Vote Hillary

Christians must vote!
who's crooked stupid Donald you have more scandals than Hillary
@realDonaldTrump
Dearest Donald, put on your Christian armor (Ephesians 6) before you try to drain the swamp of demonic reptiles. Love
See this.  Hillary takes money from same people funding isis!    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQ7lYRnF1F8&sns=em …

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-accused-underage-rape-lawsuit-a7352976.html …
@CamilleGtine Let's not allow Hillary NEAR OUR White House EVER AGAIN! Remember Bill and his treatment of women when there
@shawgerald4 You got that right!

...and what glorious things will you bring to the Oval Office?  Hate, bigotry and above all else, racism?  Yum.....
@Lagartija_Nix it's there already let's flip that house.
@jessbriis they hv been there an took furniture antiques and to return bill misplaced nuclear football fact stop Clintonia
Your sniffling and snorting and so little stamina during the debates. You do not like to study or practice which is needed.
America's Hope is, first, Jesus Christ in the hearts and minds of Americans, and secondly, Donald Trump in the Oval Office.
Doing good. Keep hammering your plans.  Remind them of HRC investigation & Move on.  Conclude "I AM FREEDOMS SAFEST PLACE "
#FirstbusinessmanforPresident

.@realDonaldTrump  Hillary is not under investigation for any crime. You, however, r facing 2 trials within 5 weeks: RAPE OF A CHILD & FRAUD
Thank You for this!  Praying for you!!
@Laneybaby004 Who could have thought that the corruption in our government is this bad???
What are you talking about TRUMP you have not paid taxes in 20 years.
I would rather vote for Freddy Kruger than vote for you
U R going to WIN! Is it possible for us to attend the inauguration? A dream come  for 2 deplorables! 
, which criminal schemes are you bringing to the Oval Office?
I Want To See NY in RED PLEASE we need to help this state bad
@EricTrump
You just Talk And label...What crimes?  You cannot name one...Yet you...screwed students who attended Trump University!
let us pray ! She gets away with all her crimes!
Latinos with Trump because we don't want to see corruption in the White House as it happens in Latinoamérica
I agree! I also don't believe you have yourself quite collected enough to be the head of our country.Time for a third voice
lock her up!!!!!
. Sir, i have heard max. Indo American wants u as president.
@lipsyncney hahahaha this bitch thinks Hillary still has a chance!
Stay on you policy message for the next 6 days , you Win! Take the bait from HRC, she Wins!  President Trump ! Nice
And we don't want a SEXUAL predator in the White House 
ugh so tired of his garbage.  Just shut up Donald D*ck
6 days left.  Still time for u to step down and do what is right for America
Crooked Hillary Clinton Nevermore!
@MikeBr47wn
must not let CROOKED TRUMP scheme into anything . Get OUT of our lives .

what scheme?
we get it u think ur criminal entourage should be there right-u,putin,guillianni,bannon,ailes,stone,lewandowski, bill cosby
perfect again in Wisconsin and nice suit 24/7
I see all the battle of the sexes, I'm all for a female president but shouldn't it be a good women
Immi #5 soory don't know how twitt
up's it work I will try again
Immi #3 when approved send them out of the Country Whwn back will pay a monthly fine to pay for Nation deficit see Im # 4
Donald, @realdonaldtrump Keep up the good work! You're already "shaking-up" the Swamp.FBI knows they need to procecute Hillary,HRC to blame.
Hey Donald, @realdonaldtrump SC-4 Trey Gowdy is getting you hundreds of thousands of votes by reminding American's of their legal rights.
THIS TRUMP IS AN IDIOT, SEE HOW HE TAKES 3 SEC, WORD READING JUST LIKE A SECOND GRADE KID READS.
What are you talking about TRUMP you have not paid taxes in 20 years.
as opposed to the multiple criminal schemes you always have going Trumpty dumpty.
come on,  tell the truth for once,this is just a hoax...did you promise you buy Hillary the election?
@Jr1Pittman
PRENDE O LOUCO LOGO
keep it going!!  You are our rock!
They should require IQ test & ID to Vote. These Democrats are some Naive & really Ignorant Americans. It's embarrassing Lol
Can we talk about your RAPE cases? http://us.blastingnews.com/news/2016/11/donald-trump-accused-of-second-underage-rape-of-a-minor-in-new-lawsuit-details-revealed-001224993.html …


Now I see all Democrat politicians who support HRC as corrupt as her for turning their cheek to her foreign money & emails!
women need to grab you by the balls cause that 1/2 inch penis you got wont fit in to their hands. Sexual abuser.
What about the lawsuits in November and December? I hope they will be televised...great comedy
is bad influence on American he will sue women who speak about his sexual encounters but one 13y old is taking him to court
http://www.newsweek.com/2016/11/11/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120.html … 
Judgement Day #Trump
Hillary Clinton is not a criminal but would you like to tell us about your rape case and your fraud case coming up soon?
It's beyond outstanding that yoh stand in the gap for average Americans and say enough corruption/deceit is enough.
pelea con león eres un líder tienes que ganar soy latina y te apoyamos todos en la casa mis hijas tambien
@DiamondandSilk -So True. Don't blackout Wikileaks videos. Public has a right to see who they r voting for. Don't u decide
we voted early, GO TRUMP TEAM! GOD bless!
Still waiting for somebody to tell me what she was charged and convicted of. Hey, Don! When do those trials start, again?
you are a con man who stuck so many hard working people and you made money in AC and they lost, loser
where are your taxes, fat cat loser
my future president
Stop criminals Hillary
drain the dark swamp Mr Trump.
@Z3pp3in #DrainTheSwamp  The swamp is deep, slimey and full of gators.

we must not let Trump go in the White House without producing his taxes who the hell is he everyone has always done it
#rapistdonaldtrump  you are as crooked as anyone.  You have no ideas.   you will rip off country the way you destroy people
yes, it's called morality. Not easy eating ur own words. However, if we have a conscious,we admit r mistakes &try 2 correct
she lied to congress under subpoena, that alone is a crime regardless of the emails, lying ,disqualifies any government job
Hillary has the script for the 1st debate may be others she's trying to steal the presidency
told you Hillary had the script in the first debate
RELSE UR TAXES. LET'S SEE WHAT CRIMINAL ACT U R HIDING. OR THERE IS NO AUDIT BUT AN FBI INVESTIGATION INTO ALL THINGS TRUMP
you're gonna get crushed and it's gonna be funny! We women will be the end of you!!!
Grand Rapids Mi deltaplex for rally. Small, cheap, dirty.  It is where looser go.  We all laughed.  
Someone can't speak English
playback error
for president.$
but put a stupid assed criminal in there that is so-called being audited by the IRS??  Okay!!
like your not a criminal and a con. You win this and that will be the biggest con in history. Prove me wrong
my Ins tripled-will not be keeping it $242 to $927
You're doing great Donald, stay on message and win this.
is he talking about killing her Because a prez who pops caps eh i Support that
Wrong?
says the man going on trial for child rape,  money laundering, and just got caught bribing an attorney general #Trump

Regardless of what HRC has done, we cannot have as president a sexual deviant hair trigger personality.
WE MUST NOT ALLOW #TRAITOR TRUMP "DESTROY DEMOCRACY AS WE KNOW IT"  HE IS #PEDIOPHILE #RAPIST #CHEATER #FRAUD #ADULTER
we should send FBI agents after you. For the unknown  truth about you. Btw I know people you've paid to be at rally's. 
So...we should let you take your criminal scheme? Does that make more sense?
#Truth about #Trump #HYPOCRITE #HYPOCRISY http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/trumps-missing-emails/ar-AAjDm2V …
No way. It is a joke to let a criminal into there.
that is my man trump I wish you sucex
I think they should. go thru hillary. emails but everyone in Washington d.c. dem.or rep who's with me
She legally cant hold office anyway! https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2071 …
@realDonaldTrump
it's interesting how dem and media are keeping story alive with accusations etc. Exact thing that was problem for trump
the more they accuse Comey the worse  for them- the more donald stays on message and just opens with it the better for us
If H gets into White House corruptions will spread like yeast. AMERICA WILL  FINISH BY THEN
- Name calling is childlike.  You have no respect for anything or anyone.
We must not let Trumps degenerate psychosis get into the Oval Office!
as the Holy Saint has spoken himself. U are pure LOVE , PEACE AND INNOCENCE. #NOT
I'm not ready to have a Harry Weiner in office :P (Reid) (Anthony)
We the people are going to have a HUGE TODO list for the FBI after the purge of corrupt leaders are gone.
It gets deeper & deeper CORRUPTION IS RAMPANT
SHUT DOWN ALL THESE THINK TANKS Investigate connection to HRC ... Brookings needs investigated..

https://www.sott.net/article/332596-Congressmans-Extraordinary-Warning-on-Washingtons-Think-Tank-Warmongers …
like you
You are the crook ,And don't think America doesn't know http://it.You  want a dictatorship.to hell with you.

you are a worse criminal try looking at your real self and own up to ur own crimes
Racist narcissist sexist thief Trump back to calling names and not discussing issues with no plan. Divided you fall.

#draintheswamp and #createacesspool
You are hilarious. So she is #CrookedHillary. & you are? #PussyGrabberTrump ? hahaaha :P better her than you for #America.
as can be presidential candidate, a sex maniac? if you can not control? as will control corruption?
-Hilary Clinton is the poster child on how the Media and TV can brain wash Americans.
good job you can wreck #crookedhillary
