
Appreciate the update. And I scratched my ass a week ago...
She's anti feminism. That tells you everything  #grabthatpussy
secondly Hillary didn't laugh at a rape victim. Do your research for REAL details
see what facts and research does for you. Where is she laughing at a rapist
you've lost mate
haha good one!
Ollie, American girls aren't impressed when you say "mate." at the end of every statement. Sorry.
Trumpy isn't a girl is he?
many of his followers are. Mate.
im not trying to impress any of them don't worry mate xo
Deactivate your account and drop out!
Nah! Let him lose and let's all laugh together.

stop spreading BS, you look foolish
@snopes not trying to spread BS. Just calling Republicans Dumb.
yeah. I know. Yet that is not only for Trump lovers.
oh my God, black Democrat?
Your kids really need to take away your phone until you can behave yourself.  You need a time out!

I refuse to support a man who would "Grab her by the p*say"
they stole our trump signs in harrisburg pennsylvania
is that the same train that crashed in New Jersey?
Women hater
YEah! He found the final AA Trumpster left in America, Next,there must be a Latino for Trump,somewhere.
is that a sexual euphemism?  Come on, hop on my Trump Train!
They showed a long list of names no longer backing Trump where's the list for Hillary?

" Integrity "
. You can count on votes of 2proud rednecks.         @HenryLeledog
There's your AA..... was worried hadn't heard about him in a min...
Fact u were caught talking the way men an women do every day in their comfort zone an ur still ahead of Hillary says it all
Well then your the only one. Uncle Tom
another fake account set up by the Trump campaign! DESPERATION!!!!!
Its about jobs so we can be truly free
Great vetting bro! This guy's hobby is apparently sexually harassing female celebs on Twitter. Oh wait, you're into that.
to for for Clinton is is like taking an innocent persons life.
#orangehitler making move on another woman, when will it stop?
You have my vote...and will have all 3 whopping Montana electoral votes!!
celebrating my nephews 33yrs bday!
Down goes Trump!!  Down goes Trump!!! He's a sickening, perverted mess of a little man.
Wow. One. Same "one" you try to point out at your rallies I guess. Impressive.
Nice! "This Black Democrat." Keep it classy Drumpf. #weakdonald
go trump
 you all will regret putting that looney in the Oval Office
he's black? 
black people are black people's Own Worst Enemy and they need to vote for Trump
better hop off before it crashes
pound sand poutie face potty mouth...

I am sure he is a trump supporter look at his tweets and how he trolls Twitter if this is even a real account

Bill Cosby?
A re-tweet simply displays your ignorance. Much like our current @GOP leaders, you fail to #DoYourJob as a candidate.
racism is not good I think be a good human

except that trump's body has so much skin he can supply all sofa covers in Trump Tower.
that sounds sort of racist lol
Rubio sucks
What's his name?
- I thought you were going to keep the "put the blacks on trump trains" idea quiet until after the election.
Obama is stopping Pledge of Allegiance he is a globalist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6jfnVv2xoc …
Lol-isn't he a cousin of John Barron's?

Hey are you Cosby?
Hillary Clinton says of black people(We have to bring them to Heel)(Super Predators)https://youtu.be/LqLfvQfuvsA 
Donnie who's your favorite? #Mortltrump or #Trumplmort?! Either way we're all winners.
Go take your negative hate to Killary's page. Liberals love hate & violence
Our country is in a battle for it's very survival  A lot of us have watched Europe's  fighting for safety
sick......
As you would lead them into the abyss...
got ONE did you?
You need help.
You need to get off this page & go stalk Killary
Your use of "Killary" is persuasive. I'll take your advice.
well she does seem to have a track record of killing people, either directly or indirectly
Such as?
funny how liberals can't see that. Idiots
ignore these haters, you're the man, be a better one 
Who's the true hater who hates Muslims and coloured people and average women out there. Bigot.

Anything Trump has SAID is nothing compared to what Hillary has DONE!
@dcexaminer lol. Go to school.
too bad you arent real....you have 24 hrs to post a picture of yourself holding a red balloon
Trump will grab America by the pussy
at least we can all come, not like killary killing Americans
Well, u got one.  Not much more, that's for sure
the fact you feel the need to refer to someone by the color of their skin is proof of your racist separatism.

who cares!!!
The Europeans didn't listen to all of the naysayers.  We Americans can do the same!  Vote #Trump.
Shame on you!
Thank you sir thx u God bless u all
Time for the GOP to take a big dump, and dump the Trump!
.@realDonaldTrump The Trump Train is leaving the station!@HenryLeledog
1?? Big deal. He wants to ride the #CLOWNTRAIN #PUSSYGATE
here's your #trumptrain #loser #failure #nevertrump #DebateNight
GOOD FOR YOU. LOSER
The ONLY ONE!
the other 99.99999% aren't!
.  There you go labeling people Black. You just keep stepping on your own foot. Dummy
I'm assuming u don't see the problem with this tweet,huh Sniffy?
I'm sure you'll make him head conductor.
Why is he pointing out this BLACK Democrat???? To PROVE he "likes" black people??? #Lame
you mean one black person actually endorses you... Lol@
u found 1, Wow!
Democrats destroyed minority's jobs
grab her by the pussy
how sad, he is not true not blue
It's good to hear because the Democrats have in slaved the Blacks once again and they need to be set free!
is not a real account. Probably a program written by Russian hacker.
you are delusional!!!!
go trump!  We love you
You're not kidding anyone with your trump trolls, no one with a brain is voting for you.  #NeverTrump
The train is gonna crash !
One person one vote!  This is the one time we common people speak as loud as politicians, cherish the right!!
as an African-American I refuse to be a Democrat slave try to hold us down with handouts
he just has to dodge bullets in war torn Boise to get to the booths for u dumdum. Good brain
So are these Scilians and Scottish Americans.
Spartacus meets Braveheart!
Glad you're on the #TrumpTrain Henry!  WE THE PPL are going to take our country back & clean out corruption!
You have more AAs than you think. Remain focused & composed. AAs are not worrying about something said 11 yrs ago.
1 out of 5 million
The blacks love you Mr. Trump!
none of my black female friends are and am pretty sure black men value black women more than Trump!!!
Behold! My Black Friend! Pay no attention to the N word leak coming out! It's in the past! #
: How many African Americans is that now who support u? Four? Good job!
#Debates2016 #ImWithHer

ALL ABOARD!!!
Enjoy the ride...
again delusional
You got my vote! Mr. Trump & all my Family's, We Love Your Plan For America!! 
@HillaryClinton Lock Her Up!!
Why do you have to note that he is Black? Because it is a Rarity & You are a Racist.
it's, African American people

Yep, just one .
You will never get it, will you? Is Assholery your only talent? Folks can't take their eyes of the Train Wreck 2016.
president of he United States is not for quitters. #TrumpPence  ps listen ukip farage. Smart dude.
Then you might as well get back to polishing the white man's shoes "black democrat".
more like the CRAZY TRAIN!
Amb Stevens waiting other Americans waiting for Calvary counting in her but no one came to help and she slept
counting on her.
Mr Donald. Deplorable
lol! OMG! You're stupid is showing!
no sir. He's a human being that is voting for you. Is everything black and white for you?
@debbiegar2 @HenryLeledog Its time the black an poor from all this country get help first before any Illegal immigrants or?

tell him beware of the mic..it works!
SELF HATE
#TrexitTime
  and
I am voting for Trump!!! Killary for prison!!!
DAMMIT! STAY OFF TWITTER!     TRUMP 2016
So you got one! Whoopie!
Underground Railroad(?) you're headed in the wrong direction 
one of a few millions..boy are you desperate that woman will tear you apart tonight..SAD!!!
This Angery white Male Says         "Thank you Jesus !!!!!" We are Strong, We can change the World. We are 1
DO YA HAVE TO SAY    BLACK !!!  UHHHHH
so Dufus Don Trump complained about a mic not working? I bet he will wish EVERY mic had not worked.Too funny
Y DO U KEEP TALKIN N COLOR? THATS RIGHT! CUZ RACISM IS DEEP. U 4GET UR PAST? WE WONT http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/28/us/politics/donald-trump-housing-race.html … @realDonaldTrump @HenryLeledog
Is coz he wants to be accepted as a white republican.Tha's all
The Trump train has derailed. It's leader is a disgusting pig without any regard to women. The pig will fail
No train. #Trumpanic
no doubt trump can get a few black conservatives to back him. It doesn't mean he is good for black middle cls
SOUNDS LIKE AN "UNCLE TOM" TO ME
Glad you are on board!!!
Thin Skin!

"@HenryLeledog: @realDonaldTrump This Black Democrat is on the "TRUMP TRAIN"!!"
Welcome aboard!
And the TRUMP TRAIN has just been derailed.
I love you Trump   from UAE
the 1%
what happened to your head my my poor u
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
ure the only one on it. That's a sinking ship bruh. Just goes to show divide n conquer is real. #SnakeNGrass
need ur head examined.
SURPRISE!
How much did you pay for his vote?? 
Trump will show his ability to defeat ISIS tonight, by proving he can defeat the Clinton Crime Family and GOP NEOCONS


he's not alone,brought tears to my eyes20 year old black man got out shook my hand thank me for backing trump

One liner during the debate "I regret my comments, i wish i could delete them like her emails"
Retweeting all these crap tweets PROVE you are UNFIT to be President!  Scared little baby!
IT ALREADY DERAILED!!!!
<<< Uncle Tom!


Yea, Henry looks like an upstanding man.  He harasses females just like Don.
and this black republican is with her @hillaryclinton 
and this blonde SWF and neighbor 29swf and all of  both our families
If u had 20 in the room he's be the only 1. Do u math?
Well that makes an even dozen

all these white trash rednecks crying is such a beautiful scene. Better than the hurricane killing them.

you got ur African American voter....you win dumdum! It's a done deal. America is finally great again dumdum
LOUIS FARRAKHAN on Elite Bankers, North American Union & Agenda
