Online Electoral College versus Popular Vote debate in progress. It is complete with study tables.
Lol!
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
November 6, 2012 “The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy,” Trump wrote. You change your mind to fit your perception of reality. #Article25 #Resist
yep, you got that right!!
I want bye

The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
lol
the electoral college failed the American people. Their very purpose has been brought into question now. Genius they r not!
the electoral college was brought into being to protect the American people from unqualified,opportunist out of whitehouse!
This election was a farce
You had something different to say about 4 years ago.
THAT WOULD BE FALSE! MELANIA DOESN'T LOVE YOU! SHE'S A GOLD-DIGGING WHORE WHO'S JUST AFTER YOUR MONEY! YES, I WENT THERE!!!
YOU JUST WANTED TO STOP A WOMAN FROM BEING PRESIDENT! DO THE COUNTRY A FAVOR AND RESIGN, TAKING PENCE WITH YOU!
AND NO, THERE WAS NO PROBLEM WITH ILLEGALS VOTING AND NO BASIS IN FACT CONCERNING HILLARY CLINTON'S EMAILS!
HILLARY CLINTON DESERVED TO WIN! SHE GOT MORE VOTES THAN ANYONE IN HISTORY! YOU WILL DESTROY AMERICA!
didn't you disagree with this before you won?
this country is genius in that it welcomes all people, even the minorities.
@julia_jem297 here's another one. OH GOD... She's a trump supporter 
@softreeds Ben Grimes im talkin 2 u and try to help u undrstand i used to be anti Electoral college 2 but then did research
@Ireneui3Scott @softreeds Dyou understand what Im sayin? Also we r a Democratic Republic Not a Full democracy Now do u see?
Essentially like 12 states would control who bcomes pres. And the other 38 states votes or opinions wont matter.
Thats a GOP lie used to con voters. Who gives a rats ass where you live? Let each person's vote count & person with most votes win. Period!
# of votes that come from the minority city states would far outway the votes of the majority states that have small towns
@softreeds So without the E college the majority of states would have no say in their next pres. Because # number of votes
@Ireneui3Scott And those states that have small towns is the majority, big city states are the minority across the US
@softreeds because the votes in those small town would never count because the densest populations are in those cities
@softreeds coastal states or any state that has a massive city The rest of th US states would never see the candidate
@softreeds If there were no electoral colg.Then the only states who would ever c a pres candidate would b NY Cali& th coast
@softreeds Actually it is an ingenious system for the USA. I used to think the same way as u but lemme explain y next tweet
Dude lay off the cocaine. The electoral college disproportionately favors voters in small states. That is not democracy.
#FuckTrump #Trump #NotMyPresident #NeverMyPresident #AntiTrump #TraitorTrump #LockHimUp #NeverTrump #TrumpLeaks
Doubt you'd be saying that if you lost the way Hillary did. #hypocrisy Remember when you were calling for a revolt in 2012?
u say its bad but now u like b/c u win but u lost popular vote by 3 mil. Is this how u will run the us by flip flopping?

Donald Trump in 2012:
 "The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
05.45 - 7. nov 2012"
But he also said if We the People wanted just Pop. vote he wd b 4 that. Its up 2 us not the Pols.
Especially when you have a Russian dictator
with his thumb on the scales for you. Everyone knows you cheated.
@DebraTdmbg How about when you said it was a disaster in 2012?! Flip floppin' Trump!
America is NOT a democracy, it is a Republic. The Founders knew democracies ALWAYS devolve into tyrannies! #History matters
am happy for u ...and I no u will do a good job. ..I will be happy to be in USA..
Absolutely, in our LatteryDay Saint Std Works the Dctrne & Cvnts sect’n 98 verse 5 and 6 talks about inspirat’n Fnd’g Fthrs
#Resist
@GoldStarMomTX55 We can all thank Alexander Hamilton for it. He invented it!!
i disagree with your stance on the electoral college. 1 person 1 vote.. though I am happy it worked in your favor!
and completely ignores the votes of over half of America. How does it feel to "win" when over 1/2 of America doesn't want u
@paulbenedict7 True.  It avoids us being the United State of California.
you lost the majority vote people are not happy about it.
Los Angeles and New York do not get to pick our president. Get it now?
@mikesmith8026 I didn't realize how important it is until a few elections ago
ironic...wasn't it rigged just last week?

Why are you objecting to recounts in Michigan? Who did you pay to give you more electoral votes?
SOY CONSTRUCTOR DE MUROS Y CONTRATISTA
el nunca le daría trabajo a un mexicano por corruptos, ineficientes y delincuentes, jamas haria negocios con MX

The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
wrong.
And its the fairest way we have now. BestWay to do an election of a country made up of united countries(states)
what about relief on student loans for parents. The feds keep raising interest rates when the market hasn't
Red Mapping is not democratic & is outdated. FRAUD AND CRIMINAL NOW. DON THE DEATH
You were singing quite a different tune in 2012. Megalomania at its finest.
I am ashamed and embarrassed that you are our president elect...your stufipidity has doomed us!!
TRUMP QUOTES:"The PHONY Electoral College made a laughing stock of our country"&"The ElectoralCollege destroys democracy."
you should not mimic the handicap...called karma, look at Barron...so sad for him
Which is it, I thought it was rigged? America voted you out...the popular vote considers you a clown that we all laugh at
Let no legal, eligible citizen be disenfranchised! EC has served its purpose. It's time to upgrade.
(c) Voter eligibility and ID can be verified online through government systems, so, no need for current inefficient methods
We have the internet. The EC can be replaced through secure online voting. Cuts out draconian physical ID laws, too (c)
electoral college designed to prevent a nutjob like you from getting elected.
duh
@CNN Electoral college is not democracy. Popular vote is Democracy. Your voting system is #fraud  @HillaryClinton is nr 1
Trump is ugly inside and out, and he is hypocritical
您好，特朗普总统
But you criticized the electoral college.....
Ur newfound praise 4 the electoral system is amusing,  given that you were crying "rigged" from the rooftops a month ago.


is Electoral College not rigged as you said before?

Wow. You called them corrupt before and now they are a genius. Now the "popular vote" was corrupt. Paranoid #POTUS?
wow . change your mind much?
only cause they picked a loser like you
then why didn't you campaign in them like you did battleground states
but if you lost you would be talking about how it is unfair
But they can weaken because were working with people who can not always be counted on to follow through.

The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
You said on 60 minutes popular vote should count and previously EC is a disaster! Which personally will be our President?
I thought it was a disaster. Oh everything is rigged unless you win. You are so pathetic, it makes me sick.
after eight years will ask them if they still want to switch it and I bet they say no
yeah North Dakota and the two people that live there is definitely as important as California
doesn't matter.  Too many money games at the top.  Majority stands for the people.  'The electors' can be bought.
you're psycho seek help.
You do know you can delete tweets, right? #hypocrisy naturehttps://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/266038556504494082
lol did you just learn why we use it? I bet so.
wonder if you would feel the same if you won the popular vote but lost the elecotral college
u just sayin that cause you woulda lost other wise //////:
Maybe you did not win I hope.
I thought it was a disaster? Didn't you say so yourself? You're a clown as well as a con artist
wrong assumption Mr president
not what you said a few months ago
Most people think one person, one vote is fair.
Jill Stein's Ideas Are Terrible. ...
Our Constitution is in all genius, that is why you are the only man POUTUS the left wil try 2stopU.God put u there
The electoral college needs to be abolished. Hillary is the true POTUS.The people's vote should count. @nytimes
@StacyBrewer18 You cant let big cities control the will of the country. No protests in my city
Still needs some fixing.  Electors should be compelled to honor their commitments!
Oh sure, you say that NOW. You're so transparent, you should be arrested for indecent exposure.
electoral votes are based on their population. You won by 30+ states. A popular vote means about 8 cities determine electi
We are governed by our states, we make up the US. Each state is different. Each state Has a popular vote.
They're genius when they vote you OUT on December 19. The US Constitution will make it so.
well you sure didn't feel that way 4 years ago... hmmm
oh my god shut up.
I hope the 3 states are not allowed to re-count.. unfair anyways, machines voting Dem instead of Reb.. dead voters, fraud!

@realuglyy why did u rt this D:
Correct on both counts mate.
. After Jill steins recounts we will see if the tables are turned.
how is this even remotely fair? Every vote should count. Concede to Hillary. She won by 2mil votes. History will judge you.
I think it's the wrong method.
If you say so. I wonder.
Yes, white supremacists and the ultra rich do love the electoral college. Thirsty from blowing them so much? #FlintWater4U
I thought you said it was terrible a few years back. Way to flip the scr
@jahlil__mann 
@cameryn_piwowar it was lowkey cam who said something about the electoral college but ok
I'm amazed at the wisdom and forethought of our Founding Fathers! #Trump2016 #TrumpsAmerica
"LOCK HER UP"
.@realDonaldTrump @JoanneColombo  naming Rudy Guiliani as our SOS would be genius too !
And it allows losers like you to game the system and get elected.
Reading ur tweets. U appear 2 think rules apply only as they are convenient 2 u & anyone who challenges u is crooked. Why?
Thank god we have it. Otherwise we would have my nutcase neighbors here in Ca. determining our national elections
FUNNY how you said a few years ago it was a "disaster" you have a short memory my friend.
.it'spart of the Hx so everybody will count. Now that u won Democ said that's bad & filling to disolve it.Good w O bad w U?
Now if the primaries could all be held on the same day, people in the later states could vote for who they'd like.
@KNP2BP Shillary still fighting aMt Trump. Fight back.
I cannot STOP LAUGHING at your flipping and flopping. Great comedy show!
Are you a child molester? Face your charges and accuser. Who threat to kill her?needs investigated
You are a domestic threat to Americas democracy.
gld of that kind of voting/that low life bitch Hillary lost
I was not a big fan of the electoral college before this. But after seeing the demographics I understand it now.
Would someone please start talking about the difference between global climate change and anthropomorphic climate change?
very good for you, since Hillary won the popular vote.
PRESIDENT CROOK ONLY BECAUSE YOU WON THE ELECTORAL BUT NOT THE POPULAR WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT PRESIDENT CROOK
... Thank you... And then there are idiots who thinks otherwise...
Did you just learn this?
Yes, I didn't like it until Now! Ha ha!
Absolutely, but those on the left and the uneducated ones don't understand the need for the electoral college. Haters Hate.
The electoral college serves a purpose and we need to keep it
Them "agreed with it", when they WON, but now what to "change it". Poor Losers., can't "Handle it"..
That's not what you said in 2012. Are you too old to remember, a liar, or a real politician?????
look this, its mesaje people mexican in your country ... https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1245376918814822&id=931717210180796 …
Any feedback on the possible challenge from Hillary on three swing states?  I'm concerned
What's the difference between Winning and Whining? There is no "H"!
I remember you tweeting "The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy." That's HYPOCRISY AT ITS BEST
Here: Great visual to comprehend importance of electoral college from @Ramireztoons https://gloria.tv/photo/iky69Aa6kahN3zPmWdpQTwF4L …
Great share!  Thanks!!

Happy Thanksgiving!
It is, indeed, be a Happy Thanksgiving!  There has been a lot more happy since I woke up 11/9
I wonder how many of the popular vote was real and not fixed
@Brasilmagic @jonfavs
might I recommend ted cruz fir scotus!

The EC is responsible for Lincoln's majority and ending slavery.  It is also responsible for the 60's civil rights acts.
EC didn't help Lincoln, he got most votes, even though Southern scum would not put his name on ballot.
tell students to learn to find buried fiber optics at an intersection and find dead body reefs near them
During Hurricane Sandy a Giant Owl land in the yard leaned against the house as it shielded itself from the Storm . Den Bac
I agree, after studying up on the Electoral College that founding fathers wanted elections fair.
When Campaigning what part is the most important. Day 1 or last day.
Tosser!
DEMS can have the POPULAR VOTE ,but you need VOTER ID,and nobody on WELFARE can VOTE? GORE lost  TENNESSEE!
could have sworn you said electoral was rigged.  Heavy sigh... another lie
after saying it was bad #Liar
you said it was a disaster for America when they voted for Obama. Which is it?
#youdidntwinntheelection
