So proud to have you in charge! Thank you!
more dancing?
except you lost the popular vote you annoying orange.
http://www.theblaze.com/news/2016/12/20/ny-man-kills-ups-driver-and-runs-over-his-body-tells-police-he-thought-it-was-trump/ … Unhinged "tolerant" liberals in action...
your narcissistic attitude destroys your character donny boy

- you could have moved up a few notches from the bottom of the barrel- 47th out of 49 elections, Minus 2.1% against Hillary

Loser. Liar. Little hands. Can't change 3M votes more for Hillary. Crooked. Not normal.
TRUMP for oresident!!!!!!!   Oh , wait he is ...hope is here !!!
bro you won just chill

On January 20th I hope they drive you to the old set of The West Wing and leave you there with a bunch of actors.
you really have no life do you?
Also less popular than any other prez-elect!  Sad. #minorityPresident
The reason the Democates are so upset is because they cheated and expected to win. But you were to popular
you mean conspire w/ a foreign state differently
They are sore losers.Ignore! Please make the wealthy (regardless of type of income)pay the same tax rates the working do otherwise unfair!!!
So what you're saying is that you would have said anything to get the vote.. because you have no conscience/convictions!!
who the fuck cares. Only you. You love yourself sooo much there is no way you have room to love anyone else.So sad.Get help
who cares!Do Your Job! Act like a President!
Hmm. Really? What would Putin have advised? You are so unpresidentedly idiotic!!
we loveyou regardless;  please,  stay safe & secure and fix the problems as you promised 
así fue
2/3 of the country didn't vote or didn't vote for you. Just sayin.
what? You lost the popular vote. Are you nutts?
Why does it bother you so much that you are the biggest popular vote LOSER in the history of America?

DON'T BELIEVE THE MEDIA!!! Putin tells me he has evidence of MILLIONS of illegal voter. Standup guy! Hillary is a LOSER!! #TrumpVictories 
Did not vote for..
134,236,767  didn't vote for Hillary.
137,101,741  didn't vote for Trump
You can't help yourself, can you? My God, you are like a toddler. Do your job, please.
Such hatred Justin! Study the history of the US. Start simple (for your mind) with Rush Revere books.
It’s definitely possible to ‘do better’ than less than half of the popular vote, Donald.
#ReadingComprehensionFail
wrong. #gaslighting #narcissistic #UNFIT #Unqualified
lol, bs
Is this what we get until you are impeached? How thin skinned and narcissistic can one sad man be. Pathetic.
I think this stems from some deep rooted unsolved emotional childhood issue, smh ...  @realDonaldTrump
He's lived a privileged life where everyone bows & scrapes to him. Reality is biting his ass. Still no press conference - can't handle it!
Ikr!!! The only thing I'm looking forward to at this point is #SNL @nbcsnl They're doing more than -> @realDonaldTrump
I agree last Sat SNL skits about Trump were spot on! Was waiting for his crybaby tweets!
you did so poorly that you needed Russia, Comey, the FBI, voting machine irregularities, and MSM missteps to win #nomandate
im talking through my brain
Donald, FOCUS.
You do realize that you LOST the Popular Vote, Right?
would that mean more or less bigotry,misogyny and stupidity?
Still focused on the election I see.
Sad!
For once I agree with #FatNixom. Make it so.
#FatNixon
You mean your Party would have focused more on how to cheat in every state&,not on the winner take all states. Gerrymandering& Bribery
You would jave Lost! Hands Down!
We wish it were based on #PopularVote as well.
You didn't win the popular vote remember That is Why you are acting like a child who is not getting his way grow up
It is possible. You lost the popular vote and now you're our fattest president since Taft. Could've won better and thinner.
what would have been changed by him winning the popular vote?
U lost popular vote by more than 3 million votes.If we had gone w/popular vote, you would b up in NY. U brought up people who were voting illegally, but when votes were recounted, more illegal votes were for http://u.You  should be grateful to the electoral college.
campaigning differently @donaldtrump, would still not have gained you more votes! Dont U see whats happening in the streets
You couldn't win without the lies and deceit.  You whole campaign was a lie laden conspiracy joke and you are ruining this country for your personal gain.
No you wouldn't have. You lost the popular vote, you wouldn't be able to campaign for that.
damn your getting slammed right now
By gosh, I don't agree with you often, but when you're right, you're right: abolish the Electoral College! Finally, something we Democrats & you Republicans ALL agree on. Even Mr. Trump agrees! Since Trump will do even better in 2020 if we abolish the EC, you'll all agree. Right?
Your claims of 3 million fraudulent votes is, like most things you say, a bunch of bullshit with no factual basis in reality. And winning the popular vote means you have to campaign in every state, not just the swing states. It's harder to win, not easier, as it should be.
This really gets to you, doesn't it? You're a fucking child. Your ego is ruining the country and it's still not enough.
asks you think it impossible to improve but would go a different path? So you'll run businesses and the country by changing what works? Hmm.
poor don no one wants to go to ur party http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/313076/trump-says-he-doesnt-want-celebrities-at-inauguration-after-none-agree-to-go/ …
4 the non party people, check out on next 8 yrs of success finally from Obama disaster.  MAGA
yes Donald, you won. Continue to gloat. We all know your win is unpresidented. Why not spend time doing something for USA?
building the WALL by blocking you ,is a start

Trump says he doesn’t even want any celebrities at inauguration after none agree to go http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/313076/trump-says-he-doesnt-want-celebrities-at-inauguration-after-none-agree-to-go/ …
B/C no one wants to be seen with a sexual groper perverted ego maniac of a man-child likes to coddle Ivanka
Some of us are ok with our President. Had you heard?
yeah, some. Most of us are not.
Not really.
uhh... yeah. I know you Trumptards only listen to the fool himself, but he lost the pop vote "bigly"
You listen to people who tell you stuff like this.

our country deserves a real #POTUS who isn't focused only on themselves. Our democracy and country is now at risk.
THE  left just cannot fathom or handle the fact that a non-politician not in the network actually beat their asses!
understood
Clearly you recognize that you really should not have won and keep on saying to build self esteem and fool the uninformed
Does anyone in your inner circle say to you "wtf are you talking about?" No? You need some new folks in you inner circle.
if based on the popular vote (as you love to say) you would have lost BIG TIME!!!
but you won the popular votes...  check out the cheating and fix the voting process
now you are just delusional
To me you designed it by the rules that exist .Thank God for the Electoral College ..
I'm gonna send you $1 so you can buy a freaking clue!
Mrs. Clinton won the popular vote. You lost the popular vote. Isn't basking in the glow of the presidency enough for you?
Would you not use Comey or Putin as allies?
Don't ya think HRC would have campaigned differently too and believe me, you would have never won more votes in Cali.
Right, because you only lost by over 3 million votes. #badatmath #losingiswinning
What a dope.
-Who cares?? Congratulations on the win. Work on unifying the country and being gracious
not sure how you figure that.....
If the winner was based on popular vote, you would have lost. By millions. You forgot to fact-check again
Mr. President please order justice department to investigate the voter fraud in Nevada you should have won this state.
I think you could've done better
Such a poor winner.
You are so delusional, Donnie. There it is- Delusional Donnie. Dangerously Delusional Donnie. 3D
- you had the 48th most successful win out of 54.  NO MANDATE - nothing to brag about.  Be grateful - only in America sadly
get real. Only 26% of registered voters actually voted for you. Hardly something to celebrate. Focus on governing. .
No actually you lost by 3 million votes. If Comey hadn't written that letter for you, you wouldn't have won at all!
you will never be a general and you will never win the popular vote. The History books will say you got beat by 3 million
BS YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE BY A WIDER MARGIN THAN YOU WON THE ELECTORAL.. YOU HAVE YOUR LITTLE BASE FOR FUN
Why dont you stop talking about how you would have campaigned and start acting like you won! Act like a damn leader already
#humility
you lost by about 2 million in the popular vote. You did not win by a landslide at all
"if that were possible"?
seriously? You're still talking about this?
get over yourself, you did not win by much http://www.factcheck.org/2016/11/trump-landslide-nope/ … and you did not win the most votes either.
how exactly do you figure that, given that you LOST the popular vote and got no mandate via the electoral college?
YOU WON PERIOD....NEXT...
你好美国总统，能够突破重重阻碍和
You might have won, but the the vile that you spewed and gave permission to your supporters to spread is beneath presidency
maybe you should take a civics class from @trumpUni; oh wait...
Bullshit. 2.5 million vote loss.

you did win the popular vote, 29 states to 21
Um, Hillary won the popular vote; those numbers are public knowledge. What are you talking about?
You are so embarrassed that you should have lost! Narcissists hate when people do better than them & Hilary did much better
I love trump
wish winner was decided by popular vote. You would have lost bigger and hillary would be president now
Sir, you do realize that almost 3MM more people voted for HRC over you, don't you?
Please stop acting like you know anything about the election...We all know better.
why are you still talking about the election? I guess you can't even believe you won. God help us all.
yes your president.  Not by much.  But you won.   Now stop tweeting and get the fuck  to work
there you go Donald. Living in your alternative universe again.
You focused your attention on a handful of states and preyed on ignorance, hate, and fear. The opposite of sophisticated.
Investigate scope of Soro's interference w elections. Cleanup prior to nxt elections.
Most elected presidents win both EC and PV. You are an outlier-below average. Your 'win' is the product of a flawed system.
you're a joke
We are so Thankful and Blessed to have you as our President! God made You for such a time as This!
is it because you made millions of the election trump rent 37 000 to 170 000 when you use it for rally or conflicts o i now
Why are you so needy? Grow up
Here say.  Inadmissible.
they are all just whiners. They never complained about the Electoral college before.
spot the looney
Smoke screen again on conflicts of interest. @DonaldJTrumpJr & @EricTrump are NOT $ale or Blind Tru$t. #Resist #DONtheCON
real word is. I love my God, my family and my country. Don't make a mockery of our great nation. We need real guidance.
Sorry, trumplethinskin, but Hillary won the popular vote by over 2 million, 8 hundred thousand votes.
stop lying to everyone and specially to yourself
congratulations on winning. You are our president. I guess some people still can't understand that.
So you can't count?
You did win the popular vote if you take out illegal, dead & duplicate Dem votes like in Detroit.
Actually to be exact, if the election was won by popular vote, you would have lost by 2.9 million
You LOST the popular vote with less than 50 % of the AMERICAN voters-----get over it
Why would you say this? It only serves to further divide the country. Please be more responsible with your position. moveon
you need to check the record.  Your win put you in the 40's out of 53 of the last elections.
.@realDonaldTrump ☇Unbelievably humble! Universe get ready. Bragging megalomaniac needs a good spanking to stop him from constantly tripping
Coulda, shoulda, woulda. Will this be your standard excuse for the next four years.
Elections. Campaigning. Winning. How about DOING fucking something, FFS? Oh, and a JFC, too.
Them call for a new election.  You won't because you are a coward and you know you would lose.

well, i mean, it's definitely possible.
Hillary won with illegals and dead people voting repeatedly. California recount would prove that I suspect.
excuses... Excuses .. And BS rationalization.  If it were not for an arcane and anachronistic system HRC would be President
but do you paint?
you are our president.
Mr President , I'm so thrilled you got elected and for the first time in my life excited about the future of our country
Keep that in mind for re-election. Though, if we cleared out all the fraud, you probably did win the popular vote, Sir.
Fatuous braggadocious windbaggery will get you everywhere with people bereft of critical thinking skills.

You lost popular vote fair and square, dipshit. You are not my president. DO NOT interfere in my ability to live as trans.
hahahahahahahahahaha
Yes, it's possible. Your win ranks 46th out of 58.
No..you LOST the popular vote.
President Trump it's interesting that they emphasize the 2.8m, but they won Calif by 3.4 million and lost 49 states by 600k
WHY U NO MATH?
look 4ward. There's much to do. Put the election behind u. Now go win the rest of the country back, ur gonna need 2terms.
No you wouldn't have. You're discounting those 9 million people who voted for other candidates beside you and HRC. #OPTrump
I'm behind you all the way
The other two presidents who lost by the kind of margins you lost by only became president through back room deals.
.@realDonaldTrump The let the patients in psychiatric hospitals vote?  You got all the dumb you could hope for.
Better not to tweet speculation, stay with facts, the press uses it against you, it is overwhelming to read so many tweets.
if it was based on popular vote you wouldnt be tweeting right now as president.
nearly 3 million votes.
Most of us wish to God the popular vote had decided the election so we could have the president we really WANTED.
WRONG! Liar!
Don't address their claims. Everyone knew the rules.  You won.  Period.  EOS
why are we still going over this??
GeehZessss! Have you dislocated your shoulder patting yourself on the back so much?
Give it a rest! Such poor taste!
no, America hates you and the morons that voted for u, will soon regret it.   Please just go away!!!
Obama won both...  twice!
