release your taxes.
release her emails
what does her emails have to do with his tax returns? Sounds like an excuse by pointing the finger elsewhere
her emails hurt all of us.  His taxes are not taking anything illegally and using the same deductions she used
again, two different issues. Don't deflect by pointing to another issue. Be smart
ok then tell me about her taxes?  He lost money and deducted it.  Perfectly legal. Your point?
no problem there except terrible business. That's 95 not talking about that. Refent taxes, why hide?
from there emails and the Clinton foundation.  Why does this not matter?
you lost big last night. I guess you are a loser!

it means a lot from a pro Trump web site. 
Please explain this then
https://i.redd.it/kmgj9d2u42ox.jpg …
sorry, no links
sorry, I'll make it easier on your poor cucked brain
sorry, most of them are biased.  You real ones.
Ground Control to Major Don, take you snort of cocaine and put your helmet on.
Do you mean hrc? She's your stoner candidate.
trump was flying high last night
Repeating g Howard Deans remark makes u sound like a gossip queen. You know they're calling 4 resignation
unfit.
He's jogging more, I've been told.  Happy?
only if he's jogging to a library to get a book on government and policy.
Which part of Government or which policy would you suggest.  *sighs audibly
um now about the entire government considering he's running for president and hasn't a clue. 
A clue about what, exactly. Which policy or function of Government would you deem most important..........?
a clue about how government functions, how a bill becomes a law, who has authority to do what, Constitution.
You're convinced he's not being advised on this?   Quite interesting, indeed.
and if asked again - when u ask a ques @ what will make a diff in American lives I'll answer
pay what you own puto,, you are like flea market owner  I laugh a lot yesterday night ass kicked by @HillaryClinton
further your statement 11 years ago won't matter in lives of Americans. Move on
thought you were self funding your campaign?
Your income was $650 million? Why aren't you self-financing?
in the last 25 hrs you diverted that money into your businesses and family. #NeverTrump #TrumpCheck
Woo! Now @realDonaldTrump will be able to pay his airplane payment and funnel more donor money into some low-class hotel. #ScammingAmerica
i thought you did a good job, i will be voting for you Donald!  Make America great!
It's nice to see that people are willing to donate their money to help combat your mental illness!
The credit union just deleted my mom's $44,000 money market advantage account when I brot in death certificate. #helpme
"...JUST KIDDING!"
just say I said it I apologize move on
And Trump funnels them through his money laundering 'charity' foundation for a new skyscraper mural of himself?
maybe it can pay for some debate prep
He had far more class than your smug, classless, corrupt candidate! Hillary is an embarrassment to the United States!
Attack Hillary more in next debate: so much to attack her on.
He will choke again. He got crushed last night. Sad!
Play a Trump card for US! Be our  volunteer like Honest Abe. Pay US to be POTUS! Really want to be on MT. RUSHMORE? jal
why don't I believe this?
2 parrots f'ing is glossed over because of ur creepery http://imgur.com/rRNkoC6  #LyinTrump #ClownTrain #BigCheeto
@imgur liar, cheat, and a thief walk in to a bar. O wait it's the Clinton's
wow fantastic!!
So why are you complaining about Lester Holt and your microphone today? Yesterday you won, now maybe you think you didn't?
Go Trump!!!!   America needs you!!!
Спасибо is thanks in Russia
you should take money and register for a debate class at #Trump U!!! #NeverTrump
I am sure you will pocket the money

"In the last 24 hrs. I have scammed the American people out $13M from online donations and National Call Day" FTFY? Better?
you sound like Hilary- accuser- hater- deny what you have done- lie- manipulate truth!
congratulations!!! You can use that money to pay off some lawsuits or something equally as useful...
Maybe he can use the money to buy some taco trucks.  #MakeAmericaTacosAgain #TheDonaldLovesHispanics

I was under the impression the debates forbid the moderator from wearing an earpiece. Holt clearly being coached. Crooked
Its all about ratings.. he was probably being pushed along... since there both long winded...

because she has the stamina to reach her hand out and raise it #weaktrump #shewon #crying #cryingaboutmics
yeah it takes a lot of stamina to lie under oath as much as Hillary does
so you admit she has the stamina  #stamina #shewon #shewinsagain #winning
I don't know, she certainly didn't show it when Americans were in trouble in Benghazi
Under Bush 13 embassy attacks & 60 people killed so guess America could use Hillary's Stamina
 President Donald J Trump, 45th President of The United States of America
real trump on cocaine
seriously?
yes serious facts
yeah, he might get enough money from suckers like you to buy some big league chewing gum.
hey trump next time she asks for your tax returns tell her you emailed them to her!!! Hahaha
Haven't laughed that hard since Trump got away with ripping off his contractors/TrumpU students/veterns/
kick killarys butt, she's a fraud and her husband a serial cheater
Let me get this straight. Hillary is bad because Bill cheated. Donald cheated on 3 different wives & that's okay?
Bill didn't only cheat. He rape and sexually assaulted.
So did Trump. And he's the one running. Trump raped his own wife!
... Trump didn't rape his wife.Bill Clinton raped women & Hil N Chlz support him
Are you seriously suggesting that a family can't reconcile after infidelity? Sad.
that's a marriage of power not love.
So what?
PT Barnum would be proud. #TrumpChump
@Calimer0c0mplex   So then u see, love of money is the root of all evil, & also, that money, does not really matter.
And what about women  I thought they where the root of all evil 
I know, Genesis is a ridiculous book 
But I do agree somewhat,money should only be a means to reach your goals,not the goal in itself.
Where is altruism, & the idea of the other as sacred?  Money is a means to your own goal?  Egocentric.
Real Altruism does not mean you supply for everyone in need, real altruism is teaching others to make
The best out of life.
we need to come up with better excuses as to why others suffer.
If you're poor,no money and food,would you rather be supplied by others or would you want opportunity to provide for yourself?
The thing us: if you give everything away you make others dependent on you. 
That is not altruism.....
don't have to watch CNN to figure trump lost debate. Have a brain and watch debate! #debates #debatenight
So glad to have helped...now go kick Clintons azz!!!
Hillary is better.
HRC is  pill popper/alcoholic.  She should be in an orange jumpsuit.
good thing for you Republicans are suckers.
she crushed you! Hahahahaha.
All she did was look like a stoned bottle head.
while crushing him though.
@kupajo322 this Pgh,PA resident is again sending you Donald even more $$$...4my family and my familyDJT ERIN SCHMITT
thanks, always wondered about the type of people that fall for that Nigerian prince scam.
Trump loves his country!!!
Then he should pay taxes to support veterans programs. He doesn't give a damn about our country or military!

I dont like either but thats funny right there
America is the worst in over 6993 years. The debt is making us math stars. Hillary starred was in the sit-com Bewitched
@SEMPERFI1988 Wish I could give more-I'm a casualty of Obamanomics
Me too...have never been so more worse off in my life. Used up my whole retirement for health care.
$ is a renewable resource- Need Trump to turn the ship around- Keep the faith
Trump your camp can say you raised anything we all know how the media can be dupe Just like you are doing to us
riiight...
whatcha gonna buy with your rubes' money?
Lying Crooked Hillary Clinton still at it, Americans have not forgotten the Libya, Iran , ISIS, illegals criminal refugees
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF8cf8fEwQU …
you are going to win
you're welcome :-)
This money will be used to cover your debt, correct?!?!
Watching your plane arrive in Melbourne FL.  Beautiful sight!  Go Trump!
Just as an observation what was with all the sniffles? You have to review the debate tapes. Your demeanor was way off!
but who did you pay it to????
Based on your penchant for lying, I'm guessing the number is closer to $1.3 million.
That's money going right back into your pocket right and not to your campaign? Ain't no way you're spending your own money.

YOU CANDY USA THAT $$$& FOR YA NOSE CANDY!!!!
Show your taxes and dont pay yourself with that money you are raising!
really stupid Americans give trump $$ & he doesn't pay his taxes,laughs
I guess trump can go buy another painting of his self. Lol
Wonderful and GOD be praised!  "But my God shall supply all your need according to His ritches in Christ Jesus."
Bravo!!!
POTUS has work to do and briefs to read now time for Twitter that disqualifies you
Billionaires begging for bucks....
@deedee862 That's some of my money so we can beat Hillary! Spend it wisely and Attack, Attack, Attack!!!!!!!!!! N
Why are you talking about donations when you say on your website that you are self-funded?
trump will save us
Self funding?
I guess that will go towards paying the outrageous rent and other bills from your scampaign......
Good time to stop playing w/Hillary, the goal is to have Obama to hand U the keys to the WH for his mocking U.
Let me guess, one donation from "John Miller"?
AND HALF OF THAT 13 MILLION DOLLARS WENT INTO YOUR POCKET AND THE OTHER HALF PAID FOR LAWSUITS.
Trump doesnt understand that ISIS's oil is in Syria - he says it could have been stopped by seizing Iraq oil. Unreal.
money can't buy you the white house#sorry
JSYK, @HillaryClinton had 3 handlers standing right behind her as she walked stage post debate. Scared she would fall off
Stop ripping people off. You have no chance of winning. You might as well drop out now. #EstablishmentGOPFTW!
Pics or it didn't happen.
and how much of those donations are you paying to your companies for 'rent' and other 'expenses'? http://read.bi/2ddJSb2 
Just had a Haitian electrician here 26 yrs. He told me that 90% of Haitian Amer. voters will vote Trump. Hate Clintons!
Clinton's & his cronies are ripping off Haitian gold and cell phone service and much more & did nothing for the people. Sad
Rest up and prepare for next debate. Don't allow Shrillery to throw you off- balance. You will do great.
Proof?
Morons have a lot of disposable income.
Go Trump!
#SheWon
https://static.youcaring.com/api/uploads/fundraisers/653183/2a0399c6-e567-4582-8765-d07325018d50_profile.jpg …
Costs real money to flush that gold plated toilet in your private plane. Pity the poor suckers who contributed... SMH
We're twins & Its our birthday today.. Please Can we get a birthday tweet from you ""Happy Birthday Hunny Bunny""
@DonaldJTrumpJr @HillaryClinton will start holding more fundraisers from Wall Street to match this number.
that's more money than you've made in a long time... #showmethetaxreturn

Thank you Mr. Trump, for giving Americans a hope for truth, jobs, and freedom. (Hillary doesn't care #WomenMatter #women
End your #scampaign 
<3 Drac
#NeverEverTrump 
maybe now u can ties from US
Must be really happy, cuz at least half that $$$ is going into his pocket. #trumpsniff
AMAZING!  BRAVO!Keep going...
#cocainedonald
yeah and u charged ur campain 10m for use of your plane
use it to pay off your lawsuits!
Hillary can't release her e mail, she deleted them.   Vote trump
Now you can buy a 15 foot painting of yourself or some nice, game work, Tim Tebow cleats.
they realized how much trouble you were in
always padding the number
maybe u can use this to make the elusive billions that you think think u hv from made $14M ur dad gave you @HillaryClinton
αυτές οι ερμαφρόδιτες κοπριές 'αυτοκτόνησαν' καί 'αυτοκτονούν' χιλιάδες ΕΛΛΗΝΕΣ.. ΕΜΠΡΟΣ ΕΛΛΗΝΕΣ
T, not bad. Next time, do not care who is in the audience this is a blood sport with name and an opportunity to last ages.
what do u need £13 million dollars donation for what is it used for ?
Two million of which will go to your own business?  Typical little don...stealing people's money
Trump...Trump....go go go .....

#MAGA don't give money to this tax cheat
What is the matter.. Can't use your own money.. You should.
After all.. You do not pay taxes.
Shame on you!!
You lie...http://nyti.ms/2cZAIPa 
Where are your taxes?

will any of it be Earmarked to buy you a "gooder" brain?
We need more commercials.

ok now spend some of it attacking that lying reckless pol
wow,  now you can buy some more gold toilets! Good for you!
Oh it's not America. It's just eather Russia, the KKK, or the white racist rich ones, or the poor white racist ones.
Prove it. Release those tax records Donnie #TrumpTaxEvasion #TrumpTaxes #TrumpTaxReturns #debatenight #debates #Debates2016
i thought you were financing your own campaign!
thought u didn't need anyone's money
leave him alone.
no
your email you sent me says 24M a new record which lie is it?

saying your smart for not paying taxes while we do is wrong!
Great job last night, you looked presidential.  I believe in you, don't let us down please.
Tax returns:IRS supports Dems. If IRS thought what is in yout tax retns worse 4 U than curent situ, they wud finish ASAP.
.@realDonaldTrump 
Oh, Trumpsters got nervous last night. Throw money at it. #Election2016
I'm so proud of you. Time to look at face book secret motions she made to have you interupted. What's the box on her back
how much of that money is your own?
but you lost! FAIL!! Move on Donald Trump! LOVE TRUMPS HATE!
I noticed in the spin room last night your third wife just stood there. Maybe she wasn't allowed to say anything?
but have got a plan yet???
How much of those funds are going to line yours and your "Skittles" pockets?  Loser.
#TrumpWon? #winning https://youtu.be/QGlACrp1rG0 
Great job!!BUT, Please get your people to make CERTAIN the mic reaches your mouth! Staff pay attention to details! Please!
try harder boss. Things are giant
dad
many people are saying Donald has a cocaine problem result to his sniffle on stage.  Many people, even his own circle.
Give those people their money back!
BETTER PRACTICE NEXT TIME!!!  All major airlines have filed BK. Guess those magt teams are horrible people too?
Bullshit show me a tax return
insults our POWs and military. Disqualifies him for the presidency! "I like the people who weren't caught"-D. Trump #usmc
keep on winning
just imagine how many portraits and coke you could buy yourself with that money!
no ew
i'm sure you'll figure out a way to to pocket you're share
That shows you are number 1 with voters. Thank you everyone #MAGA.

you can bring up alcohol you don't she does  who wants a drinking president to push buttons
Good work. Don't get worn out campaigning- prepare for the next debate, win this election.
make sure you save the money instead of using it for campaign, there might be 20 foot painting of yourself out there.
U r laughing all the way to the bank. Raking it in & ur supporters r oblivious to the scam u r perpetrating on them
next time Hillary needs to be reminded of those she called deplorable
Obama's birth certificate is in a rear view mirror Trump is looking forward Obama driving this country right off the cliff
and your campaign won't see any of that money conman. YOU LOST LAST NIGHT SNIFFLES.
