Dead to us
We don’t believe
Lying Fake #RudeMSM
WE ARE WITH YOU
#AmericaFirst
@ASavageNation 
PLEASE CALL MICHAEL SAVAGE
All of you are overlooking the real enemy--the Islamic State aka ISIS
You spend so much time whinging? Have yet to do something POSITIVE  for the country! Why don't you MAN UP?
Good for you @nytimes for telling the truth & standing up for ALL Americans! Much love
AWWWW Diddums did da little baby get upset about a tone.
Congrats on your new title "Whiner In Chief"  @nytimes Please focus on info citizens need to make informed decisons
wouldn't surprise me if you rigged the election and using Russia to scapegoat
help end animal cruelty ,  subsequent criminal activity : equine slaughter pipeline , live import/export .
remember Soros has stock in nytimes if I have that right !
u just be u
Dude, lay off the cocaine. Just because someone says something negative about you does not mean it is fake.
Tell-um, go to hell, until they can start writing what you say. Keep using TWITTER,direct to PPL President Trump.
Um, maybe it's because you are a nasty person?
No its accurate. You are nasty!!
Poor, poor Trumpy. Someone hurt your feelings. Boy are we doomed with this whimp. Go read the constitution
you hate truth. Just cause you you believe in your lie hard enough so you believe it, it doesn't make it true.
You say "inaccurate".  The rest of us say "on target".  You say "nasty".  We say "factual".  #whiny70yearold Sad!
trump is big fucking baby.  grow up.
This is all gonna return to masticate you in the gluteals
I don’t take seriously,useless rags, like the NY x’s or WA PO they are liars forevermore or SNL foul impersnations
#Resist
. There are the ones that will open there eyes eat there own words.
wm.  Don't let people get to you,you know who you are and know what you can do,there are one then you start things
They that throw MUD lose GROUND!
tru story i hear you hate bacon.


the truth hurts big boy.
Aw, boo hoo!  "They used a nasty tone" said the jerk who only talks in nasty tones.
It's so sad that there r still angry hateful Hillary lovers who hate the world cuz the corrupt bitch didn't win!
They're dysfunctional & when frustrated, seek to destroy things.
But they lost and I feel sorry for them because they don't realize it yet! Poor babies!
- They are blind, confused & ruled by emotions they can't control. Sad face.
WE on the other hand r wide eyed & our emotions are spot on positive cuz guess what? TRUMP WON! Lol

Sooo cute! Love it!
- LOL.
Too many haters on this thread! God Bless Our Next POTUS Donald Trump!
Yep, nothing worse than poorly applied toner. What was it? Off beige? I bet it was. Typical journos.
@DebAlwaystrump @nytimes  We are all on your side President Trump!!! We are not buying the NY Times. #BoycottNYTimes!!!
I'd let them come to you! shut them out till they BEG for a meeting on YOUR TERMS!
Pathetic! DJT's reporting is more nasty and vulgar than most other things out there.
from other people. U think Saturday night is sad, but that is the way millions see u.
want and everyone is just going to say good job? Wrong, u r a menace u think u r some great man with all the
Do u realize how many people r disgusted with u? How u r so hated by so many? U think u can just say and do what u
the worse they spew the better you look to US!  God bless  EPOTUS!
Mr. Trump won fair and square. Give him the chance to help all of us. Popular vote is not the law of the land yet.
Stop tweeting and start preparing for your new position. You have centuries of political material still to cover.
Yes, first Amendment goes both ways. He is entitled to his opinion too.
Reality is not a nasty tone. It's a place here on earth where we discuss and debate facts.
what is he going to do at this "meeting"? This sounds very threatening to me. Fucking dictator in waiting...
@AmericanCredo @nytimes take it down a notch, you bout to represent us....make me proud!!! Lets go 2 work
Nasty? That coming from you. Rich. Look in the mirror, Trump. Show us your taxes.
i have a question for you
That's the media..they been doing black people...I hope you you can change that.
it sounds nasty when it's accurate. You're surrounded with with red hat toting moronic yes-men. Truth hurts bro.
awwww, did wittle Donny get his feeling hurt...again
again you discuss "the tone being all wrong." Is this related Christopher Walken?
can you define, "nasty tone"? @Trevornoah
really wow...can you show an example of this?
Very happy you made it to The presidency,we all need you even the haters there just too stupid too understand it yet..
: Read you want MSM punished for lying. Great, push punishment for politician's lies and misinformation too.
you won , this has to stop with us divided, I'm getting ill over it . You have done a good job and I don't get this .
wrong.
Stop the name calling and bullying Donnie. You need to grow up now.
Let the NYT sit in their own sewage swamp. They're not worth a new meeting. All we need is the good alt media now
Because you are a deplorable human being
why are you such a whiner? Am I supposed to respect you when all you do is cry like a baby?
Oh boo hoo, crybaby.  Better get used to it.
Another big lie of yours. Your bullying will not make them stop reporting all news. Currently we have a free press
trump i we love you,from biafrans
The nasty tone? Will you ever drop it?
They will never change. Liberalism is a mental disorder!  It is incurable!
truth. But it's in your court to change the tone and narrative. You have slot if power, use it wisely
Donald come down to earth (remember where that is?)  Real people are depending on you.  it ain't no BS now!
Screw the bastards.  If they do not want to share the truth, then they can go ____ __________
I'm not going to say any thing ok hi
1st amendment.
what a crybaby our pres to be is.
who cares? Grow up
they're just reciprocating the feelings you give all of us.
To repeat myself, once a socialist, always a socialist. Brainwashed like those in the M.E.
how does that make them any different than you
The N.Y. Slimes isn't a legitimate paper Mr. President,  give them hell and you as you always do will prevail
really. A nasty tone? Pot meet kettle
Donnie your face is a nasty tone
They announce because they are honest. Flawed, but honest. Something Trump does not grock.
and then, and and then. They took my teddy bear off of me!!!! #ChildTrump
News flash: not everyone will always agree w/u. Forever. Move on #tweetlikepotus

You are the nastiest of them all. Sounds correct to me.
oh Boo fucking hoo you giant baby.
@kimerintulsa  
DOESNT MATTER!WE NO! STAY FOCUSED @realDonaldTrump ! The recounts gonna b OK. 
Save UR energy!Much work2do!
awwww do you need a safe space.
There is no other tone to use on a loser.
what the fuck oh my god shut up Donald
you don't get to pick tone @nytimes. Leaders don't dictate coverage.
CNN is just as bad! I don't know who would watch that anymore! Such biased reporting! I'm not even american and know this!
Citations please, overlord cheeto man!
Never helps to deal with snakes
Trump is ugly inside and out, and if he restricts the press then there will be no independent watchdog
maybe because you are nasty and can't tell the truth 70 percent of the time as per Politifact. Shameful!
They are good at covering the TRUTH, you just don't like that!
They just report what they see/hear.  The entire world is watching and what we see/hear from you is embarrassing.
Because you have been anything but nasty? #nastywoman
They cover you by using FACTS; a word that is NOT in your 4th grade vocabulary.
freedom of speech?
I mean, how DARE they use your direct words against you! We all know facts aren't what news is amirite?! #disgrace

Yeah that's called a FREE press.
Wahwahwah! Go sit in your infamous corner and cry like a baby!
https://www.google.com/amp/www.pbs.org/newshour/amp/rundown/trump-threatens-to-weaken-first-amendment-protections-for-reporters?client=ms-android-americamovil-us …
You have set the nasty tone for much of the conversation surrounding your election and policies. Please apologize.
and?? All you do is whine and complain!
Welcome to the first amendment and a free press.  Suck it up. Go NYTimes!
Anyone media outlet if they don't agree with you or call you on your bull .  Are inaccurate and nasty .. Grow up
President-Elects don't whine
@mikesmith8026 @nytimes the MSM cannot let go. WTP elected U despite the MSM bias.  We don't need the MSM, they NEED us!
, poor baby! Here's a binky.
quit acknowleding them. Its a waste of time and you can't change them
that is what you deserve orange Hitler
You should be the last one to complain about a nasty tone, i.e. "Crooked Hillary," "Lyin' Ted."
yeah, that's your typical response to everything not going your way.
Stop lying.  Their coverage is accurate. #Notmypresident
it must really hurt you to have them talk about you in a nasty tone. Bullies! #youaresuchadouche #notyouNYT-urgr8
so you're saying that their accuracy hurts your wittle feewings?
I now believe it is impossible for anyone reporting Trump honestly to NOT take a "nasty" tone. @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
so unfair. Poor Donnie never gets a fair shake.
That is because you ARE nasty, deal with it
Oh dear, not a nasty tone!
I think they cover you quite fairly, , this is not a reality show
I think @realDonaldTrump is covering the @nytimes inaccurately. Not nice
It's time to make the media honest again!
They need to CHANGE!! Get off their high horse and get back to good unbiased JOURNALISM!  #MSMFail #Biased #PEOTUS
STOP WHINING.
awww... i don't like your tone. Baby.
You should put them out of business once & for all. How dare they!
they won't. Their mayor is a radical left wing
There is no way to cover you at all without a nasty tone. You and your family are nothing but nasty.
/who needs the nasty, failed NY Times,they can't find the truth if they where chocking on it!!
well you're a nasty person. So it fits
nasty tone for a nasty person. Fitting.
everything you say has,a nasty tone. Give it a rest
there stories are dead on
what are you? 4?
poor little baby. Wrong
I unfollowed them because of that shit
accurately with a  truthful tone, that's why their readership is expanding.
SO SAD. CORRUPTION IS AT  ALL TIME HIGH WITH NY TIMES.  DEMONS IN HIGH PLACES?
OMG, grow up Donald! Nasty tone? I can show you clip after clip of your nasty tone!
You ran the nastiest campaign modern history. Nasty man!! Don the Con. Sad!
infantile
it is the only tone you deserve.
don't let them bother you. Keep up with the good work. We know you love America. And your supporters love you. Xox
where on earth do you find the time to complain
And you are calling others nasty? Now that is funny
The president does not control the media. We know you'll try. U R the whinny kid next door.
by telling the truth about you?
jew york times!
