well
holy shit I was watching the news and I saw this tweat XD
EVIL media!!!
CON MAN!!!
India wid u
Mr. President Elect the way the media treats you Im boycotting them & waiting 4 your tweets to know what's really going on!
Lol.
finish terrorism In the world
you tell 'em
waiting for someone in the know..to counteract or confirm
do you want follow the footsteps of Hitler ? or want the world to remember you as a brutal human being ? choice is yours.
... Wouldn't mind if you did!!! We pray for your family! There is a lot if insanity out there!
I never realized that the media is so unfair, and trouble makers.
trump# great #
what about the son in law?
Oh Jared Kushner?!? Oh yeah he lied & revised it three times and still has it today.
44 revisions for financial, 11 tries for foreign contacts

And no end in sight.
BEST in the World at everything you do
.@realDonaldTrump Maybe if you didn't evade the press corp obligated to travel with you, you wouldn't feel need to address on Twitter.
They are not a press corp for him, more like a swarm of bees or gnats, they were an entourage for Obama.
Just admit you aren't familiar with protocol.
I most certainly am, there is no law that says he has to have that vipers nest called a press conference.
Lyin' msm! Drain them too! May God Bless you Pres-El Trump. Joy!
네 알겠습니다 감사드립니다

get off twitter! Prepare yourself.
So just "what clearance level" IS he trying to get for his children?  Those quotes are troublesome.  #NotMyPresident
this is media
يارجال عين خير بس
English please
i should've typed it in Spanish, so you could understand it, Jose
Good job draining the swamp and refilling it with raw sewage! #DumbDonald @realDonaldTrump
Bet you are still rambling hate at President Obama after 8 years.
another day at the office!
Sell T Shirts with this? Very popular, sell many.
Maybe u should . . . Family can be a very real help. They very much give us the support we need to do what needs to be done
First act as president: get rid of freedom of the press - they're mean! Next act? Get rid of the rest of the Constitution!
Thanks for the update Mr. President! Reasonable Americans know MSM & Press have become menaces to society! Not trustworthy!
#TRUMP open mouth good bet he telling #AMERICA a  LIE during campaign batted >850% UNTRUTHS  TRUMP on DEADEND RIDE follow $
we will take $5 on that bet
Why do you continue to undermine our POTUS?!! Just stop already!
lobbyists now start to get nasty. Lie and lie propagandists.  Time is  over.  Their job rejected by  American  people!
No it’s not.
this map is fake!
light blue for close races. Popular vote HC is up by 1 million votes. Reality.
LMAO! Thank U for the laugh! i hope you know, we are ALL laughing at your #leftist idiotic Logic!!!
laugh away but more Americans voted for HC. A fact.
Rich? Name a blue state without a deficit.
Yes. Do you?
1. America’s largest state economy is California http://www.newsweek.com/economic-output-if-states-were-countries-california-would-be-france-467614 … @kissmythighs @gene70 @digitalney @realDonaldTrump
And there are only 6 states that are doing fiscally worse.
Clearly we have 96.9K morons.
Just remember, Hitler was Time "Person of the Year" too. As was Stalin.
Read up on the intention behind Time's designation.
LOL. You still don't get it.
nah, you just proved you didn't understand the intention behindTime's "Person of the Year." But now you know so it's all good. 
they should be investigated
How'd that work out for you? Still fake news? Are just a fake president?
The traitor and profiteer Kushner already has one.
You use the word ‘children’ like they are innocent babies!
So what level of security will they get? The people have a right to know.
I trust once the official security clearance is issued... it will be released. Cheers.
Won't they be running Trump's businesses? Do you see the conflict of interest issues here?
Absolutely a conflict of interest akin w/ @HillaryClinton and direct ties to Clinton Foundation if she won
A charity lol akin to Trump never giving to charity. You are funny.
, as former employee of #humanitarian org w/i U.N. I know Clinton Foundation is a business.
And as a lawyer I know the difference between a charity and a company. Nice try.
the #CGI has crossed lines of personal gain for both Clintons. THAT is not to say CGI has done wonderful things 4the world!
Mexican wall or Mexican Mall?
Muslim ban or Muslim band?
I was making a point of him back tracking on campaign promises. Muslim ban has been taken off his website
would you rather he ban all Muslims ..?
of course not, but that's irrelevant. It's a description of his nature as a person
have you ever thought maybe he considered the bad effects of it and changed? Isn't that a good thing? He listens..?
not necessarily a good thing. It shows he's fickle and easily swayed. He should stand his ground on key promises
In my opinion he should have never made that promise. Both the ban and the wall are a huge waste of time, money, and resources... How about repairing our infrastructure? Investing in our future, such as education?
cc @CholericCleric Not that I had any objection to it coz its not illegal
And then there's that ...
@realDonaldTrump @neha_aks
very Borgia 
Unless there are murders, how can it be Borgia?
Well I always felt Alexander 6 was judged unfairly. Am biased towards doting dads perhaps
Also, in Trump's place, I wud also only trust my family- assuming they aren't as dumb as rocks. Everyone else hates him
Finally, given media's credibility these days, I'll not worry about such speculation
Yes, media has an additional incentive just now — to fill the vacuum.
No it wasn't!!! You should finally do one thing for your country and give this to Hillary!  She won the vote!
Plus you voted for a democrat lol! The jokes on you lmao!!
I'd worry if  were you! My sources on the hill told me that electors are defecting! You'll see :)
So did Al Gore and he rescinded! You CLEARLY don't know politics!  A concession is not binding
Well, not anymore.
They shouldn’t have ANY type of security clearance with all their conflicts of interest and all the omissions on their financial disclosures and background checks.
ur mouth seems to b perfectly made fr bj..
u got some good assetts gull..lets hav som fun to show u my class..
hahaha babe got angry..chill baby..my taste is nt dat cheap..i hv got some class u knw..
so wats wrong vd dat..dats calld class baby.having som fun vd trump daughter is not a class.? Vd u is classy?
If Ivanka, and/or Jared are working in areas that require a security clearance then you would be required to have them vetted.
Why do you even have a security clearance? Better question does Putin have a security clearance?
right...
Yet they have security clearances....
Guess this is another lie Donnie...
I don’t think you deserve security clearance, much less your family. Someone was responsible for giving them clearance.
Well, I mean, can't hurt to ask, but I don't see how Putin would have ever given them that kind of cl - 

OHHH! You mean *here.* Got it.
Um hello, Ivanka and Jared?
So, they don’t have security clearance? This is a yes or no question.
you right wing nut jobs are the real terrorists
trump is anything but "right wing" hes much more left
where is your evidence, Mike Pence is evidence of him being extreme right.
he supports FATCA, pp, given far more to dums than reps, was a lifelong dem. Total scam artist
he is a total scam artist, it's hilarious for the rest of the world. We never thought you'd vote Trump
he was opposing an eveb bigger liar and criminal, corrupt pilferer. I voted for neither. Lose lose
you Americans accept him, you made your bed now it's time to lay in it. Here comes China.
Really? Dang, lying comes so easy for you,
Your election win is not legitimate as it only came about because of a ‘big beautiful impenetrable wall’... of lies.
of course it was legitimate. You only stated it wasn't because the candidate you wanted to win LOST badly.
Actually she had 3 million more votes. He won on an outdated method of tallying votes. Acreage doesn't vote, people do.
Clinton didn't win anything. You win by the rules of the game. She lost. badly actually.
You know this a lie. Quit deluding yourself! Lol. Conservatives think stealing elections with Russian, help stealing a SCOTUS seat is fair?
yet theres no proof.
And it is absolute fact the Clinton got more votes.
I was talking about your comment about Russia, theres no proof. And who fucking cares if Clinton got more votes. Only EC matters.
Romney is a horrible pick for Secretary of State. Muslim ban? We need a Mormon ban. Play the same game they play.
list
Liar, can't wait until you're escorted out of the Whitehouse in handcuffs!!!

#lockhimup
Said our LIAR-IN-CHIEF a year ago!
.@realDonaldTrump
Well, this tweet aged well...
You lied. Again.
Another one of 6 million LIES @realDonaldTrump pulled since start of Russian-fueled, SHITSTAIN run for @POTUS. Worst part is that his nepotistic, corrupt SIL @JaredKushner & @IvankaTrump still HAVE their National Security Clearances & jobs - a global FOOKING JOKE!
- You're a disgrace to this great nation and will MOCKED in history books for all time. LOSERRRRRRR
Fake news?
The president who cried wolf.
ты идиот
Another lie from a #FakePresident
Lying dung fire!!
Hey look. EXACTLY WHAT IS HAPPENING regarding Ivanka, who is getting security clearances. You lied? What a shock!
you were saying?
did you mean you just weren't doing it all at once? Because the rate at which it happens doesn't affect the truth.
You can't be trusted! Continual lies...can't wait until you are OUT of there! Pathetic!
Fake News?
*ahem
Oh lookie! @IvankaTrump now has security clearance. #lies #fakenews #hypocrite Your ratings are so LOW!!!  #MAGA #resist
Another alternative fact Donald?
I think you'd scream about this being FAKE NEWS, Dolan. X
LIAR IN CHIEF!! Don't worry, there is still time for you and your "children" to get matching jumpsuits. But hurry, you don't want to be empty handed on Mueller Day!!!
OH OH OH, Gotta retweet yet another Trump lie. #FakePOTUS #RESISTANCE #25thAmendment #Impeach45 #HeIsGarbage #LiarInChief
By "not trying" do you mean you're already done because your fav kid (Ivanka) is all set? Oh and...#Trumprussia
These people have no respect for majority verdict
.@realDonaldTrump Again, a lying goddamn #FRAUD!
#MAGA my ass.
Reaaaaaalllllllllly?
Really?  What about now Sir.  Can you tell the truth?
Ok
hard to believe this was a few months ago. Didn't @IvankaTrump just get an office in the #WestWing & security clearance?
Such a liar. Do you/can you ever tell the truth?
so why is your favorite daughter sitting in on your meetings with world leaders? does she explain what they said to you?
Of course not your pathological liar
@Liz_SouthAfrica 
I think that you tell Ivanka everything anyway.
I just like his ongoing hypocrisy. In Nov he says this, and a few months later he does the opposite.
and yet she has it, along with an office in the White House. You really are a laughing stock #FalsePresident
then tell us the real story...I'll wait
U just exposed ur fake news BS. Now grow up.
Liar!
Donald you are an expert on falsehood. Our very own Liar in Chief aka the so called president.
Hill will never be President
Ahhahha ahhahha ahhahha
Quit wasting time on piddly stuff like this--don't u have better things to do? #tweetlikepotus
and we all say oh LIAR
Huh... Is that so...

Keep the meltdown train rolling
How quickly the lies are revealed...
oh yeah?
And today, you got your daughter top security clearance. Lying? Changing your mind? Does it matter? You're untrustworthy.
I think your children Should have top security clearance. I Trust them just like I trust you Donald!
Just for your spying, treasonous, lying son- in-law, eh?
.@realDonaldTrump Well...this is #Awkward...
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/03/20/first-daughter-ivanka-trump-gets-west-wing-office.html …
Well that tweet hasn’t aged well has it ..... #JaredKushner #IvankaTrump
Well this tweet isn't aging well you sexual deviant , con man, grifter and liar and chief
False, huh???
A false story that is now real
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE!!!!!
Well, then you should stop bringing your kids to work when meeting with foreign dignitaries.
Annnd here we are. Liar in chief.
Wait.... @realDonaldTrump, so why do they have it now then? Just curious.
March 22 Ivanka receives top level security clearance and a White House office. Just saying.
@tedlieu... I thought you might like this! That fake news that turns out to be true!
- LOL!! Typically false statement, like every single one you utter.
Lies, lies and more lies. You are a despicable human. Please get emotional support. Where are your taxes?
#trumprussia
LIAR
So you just lied, again. hee haw
So, Ivanka is getting clearance. What do you say now about news?
I'm calling bullshit.#twit

President Donald Trump, seeing you personally, is more difficult than winning the lottery jackpot.
Well well well
so now that she has security clearance then it's another lie about this being false? Stop lying to Americans!
This is NOT false news.  Your daughter & son-in-law DO have "top level security clearance." #LiarInChief #MAGA #RESIGN
Then how come Ivanka is getting an office in the White House? Doesn't she need security clearance for that?
@DadandBuried Then why does she need it?  So she can spy on WH staffers for you?

yet, somehow, it just 'happened.'
your children are a perfect example of how you can Make America Great Again! U raised exemplary kids, know u can help USA,
Ohhh! By 'not my children', you meant it wasnt plural. Just the one you think is hot. Got it.
#liar #apologize #firetrump
Ivanka Trump now has is.  ANOTHER BIG LIE
.@realDonaldTrump Unpresidential. U should support the press, not poison the well. Press is necessary for democracy.
total nut jobs, first he has to take the "OATH" to up hold it, unlike the looser you want in office, lol
*Loser
Any Security Clearance makes you look weak. Does she dress you, too? Cant hire competent ppl so just use family. Sad.
And yet, you did.
another lie
And yet you did...ANOTHER lie
We need to get a TRUMP news TV show, for true news.  Our media, schools etc are screwing up the next generation.
are you willing to admit you're a liar yet?
How about now?
Oh sure, and I was born yesterday...SAD
the only false news is spewing out of the mouths of you and your administration #Liar #Traitor #YourDaysAreNumbered
wow, turned out to be ANOTHER lie.  imagine that.
This guy, so full of :poop:
@robdelaney you're just trying to get clearance into your daughter's pants right?
Good luck with that. No one in the Intelligence community trusts you.
Lies, lies and more lies. Deception. Treachery. You are FALSE news  #SoCalledPresident  #ImpeachTrump
#alternativefacts What about Ivanka?
Are you sure????
What say you now @GOP?
no just below that....top secret clearance is not ok for your kids
Liar in chief.
you were quoted in a story by @mashable
and why do your offspring need any clearance at all ?? What the hell is the matter - you think you're a dictator ? F$&@ u
Time will tell, right? So, which WH staffer is losing his office to Ivanka?
@daveweigel You have no credibility any more
No it is not. You did. YOU ARE NOTHING MORE THAN A CHEAP LIAR AND THE COUNTRY KNOWS IT
lie no. 4625493
#IvankaTheTerrible #SoCalledPresident
Remember this lie?
LIAR!
Sure.....like all your lies
Liar liar pants on fire. Have you no shame sir?
Lie, upon lie, upon lie, upon lie, ................
You need to correct all of the other fake news you've promoted.
Ummmm about this. Was this the first lie of your actual presidency? It’s so hard to keep track. #LiarInChief This Thanksgiving I’m grateful you haven’t - yet - gotten me nuked, stolen my healthcare, or bankrupted my IRAs.
