There's no evidence recount is needed.  Stein needs better drugs
Stein shouldn't be asking for money.  She's conning people and playing on people's emotions.
If Hilary had an issue with results why didn't she challenge the night of the election?  She was MIA
funny, that wasn't your answer
Vet for Hillary?? Now thats a insult to injury if I ever saw one!
that doesn't even make much sense. Tell me,  what was war like for you
I killer enemy soldiers. What did you do?
most people don't usually come right out and say that,  but I'll take your word for it.  I was infantry.
All the more reason I question your support for HRC. She hurt our guys!
i view trump as far more dangerous and reckless than hrc, bush and Obama. I do hope I'm wrong
Not dangerous to deal from position of strength. Better than appologizing for America to all Islamic Nations!
instead of actually going through the proper procedure of a recount. Funny how it was completely rigged until you won
She has accepted the outcom, fool, also going to go with your assessment that the election was rigged. She believes U
it was rigged by the left but you can't steal a landslide! #MAGA
There was no landslide when your opponent had over 2 million more votes.
Don't think 2 million is an accurate number!  Nation PREDOMINANTLY RED!!
The count is now up to 2.5 million more Americans voted for Hillary over Trump.
she only won 17% of the geographical usa
. Did u rig the Election mr Misogynist??  If not just keep shut and let the recount be done in peace.
it is clear that @HillaryClinton has adopted the low life strategy of Cheating because she can't win fair & square!
there was no fair election in this case, #GOP helped #Traitors and #SellOuts
Why don't you attend intelligence briefings and get advice from State and National Security before you blunder us into WW3
You are the most unpopular outcome in US history. The world is horrified. Um, except communist Russia.
Irony abounds
they need 2 drive the economy into the ground make us go 2 war cause they need 2 do something 2 distracts us wen $ collaps
you would have done the same thing
yet You said it Would be a Rigged Election, now You want people to respect the results #bull
so why do you not want to hurt the Clintons ? They deserve pain
and only feed her turnips
Guess you'll have to use your presidency to get even. Really lock her up, no just apeishly beat your chest threatening it.
Too bad the election was lost by popular vote and the outcome was caused by traitor Coomey, Putin and Assange.
it Wasnt just Hillary tooting her horn about accepting election results, it was also barack and a very emotional Michelle!
Either they were fair or rigged, can't be both. Which stance are you taking this second?
we see the underhandedness of this. Like you said cheating Hillary. She still trying to cheat.
this horrible ppl need let trump be president stop wasting money
It's their money....
YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING HAD HELP FROM RUSSIA AND FBI. NOT FAIR YOU WERE RIGHT WAS RIGGED
Exactly,we had to put up w/ B.O. for 8 yrs a total betrayal of our country in every way. He was/is a pig. A no minded jerk!
you said you would not except the results. Now you flop again. Do you even know what you say?
dude - u look weak responding to this stuff.
You need to get your people involved so they don't steal it.  Also, to expose Dem voter fraud to support voter ID laws.
just 3 weeks ago you said the elections were rigged, now you claim they're fair. Lying then or lying now? 
look up rigged.

This scheming of the brothers and partners stab you the channels hostile to you
wait but I thought it was rigged???
wait @realDonaldTrump I thought you said the election was rigged...you said it over and over..so surely you support a recount?!
it was rigged till the undercover investigation broke the news about the fake votes Hillary had in pocket.
So... The only fair elections are the ones you win?
Hmmm... we don't know what the outcome is.. so how can we accept.
You threatened her, if she won--hypocrite
Shut up. You liberals are doing the exact same thing when you lost so you are no better.
I don't know what your talking about.
and how in the fuck would russia benefit from messing wt the election there not stupid but they want 1world order
what you said about our American  Steele workers shows you are unfit you by Steele from China I hope you don't screw Americ
of course you're okay with it now. And like you said you are rich AF - do something with that hair
TRUMP, this song was censored by CASTRO in the 70's #Sputnik #Hialeah #NYTimes #BREXIT #CUBA #Miami #Veterans #AFP #AP #CNN
Don't agree with Castro politics but he proved people can take back their country, like Americans did with the English king
Why then there are more than 2 MILLIONS Cubans outside CUBA? He TOOK the country to himself & made him a KING
Those 2 mil should have stayed and made a difference, their country too. We had the war between states.
30 to 20, baby.  Calif and NY are the reason for the EC.  It tries to prevent a kim Kardashian from happening.
Kardashians, People magazine, I have a life don't want or need the "drama" of celebrities.
You sound a bit worried Donald. Did the Russians not cover their tracks properly?
kat...are you truly that stupid.

Wow
Since Killary opened this can of worms she is now fair game to be held accountable for  crimes she has committed get her
You gave false hope to desperate people. Now those you duped are irrelevant and can go f*** themselves. Resign #EndTheFarce
you must not know how the electoral college works. Do some research.
LOCK  HER UP
yadayadayada just shut up
You are starting a job that you aren't going to be able to handle. Good luck.
He can't do any worse for the working class than BHO has done these past 8 years!
resign, resign resign.
#Putinspuppet
but you are unworthy of our respect
System is rigged. YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE. FACT
this new do is for you!
IF YOU ARE SO SURE OF YOURSELF WHY DO YOU ACT SO STUPIDLY, BIGLY?
You lost the people.  Long ago.   Get used to it.
Is it "fair" for Tax Payers to pay $2 Million Dollars, per day, for your third wife's residence? @realDonaldTrump #DonTheCon
No.  I'd like to see her "billionaire" hubby pay.
you are really a cry baby.
if you got the most votes in those states it won't matter. Let them count. It sounds like u cheated and are scared.
You're being duped.
.@realDonaldTrump 

Hilliary's full tweet!
*It's only losers who question election results and threaten to act or revolt.. Total losers.
Accepted? You whined for years and tried to get Obama disqualified and impeached. Many Americans plan to do the same to you
lmao the hypocrisy is very strong with this one...it is on both sides but trumpets are incapable of reason
that relies on it being "free and fair". You thought it might be rigged vs you. Seems it was rigged FOR you, bumblefuck.
what the fuck is a bumblefuck?  less is more.
when you've run out of real words to make fun of him, you make 'em up. I think it suits him.
come again?
I was explaining my use of the term "bumblefuck".
Ahem, I don't want to burst your bubble here but that's NEVER been the case.
We have a right to know if an idiot will be running our country because another one couldn't count.
It's Soros funded and Clintons using Stein as a front mouthpiece. We all know that& @FBI needs to monitor 4 fraud recount
I don't think that's the job of the @FBI.
sure it is. Internal Fraud if Hillary folks intimidating electoral voters, hiding Trump votes etc
Fair enough. I assumed Comey's job was to recommend not pressing charges. My mistake.
I wasnt even thinking Comey but FBI's main job itself. Something is VERY fishy here (Soros?) @LouDobbs
It was meant to be ironic.
Ya, but have to get point across to FBI every chance I get. Look at dumped DT votes missing
I assumed the election was over. That's what Faux News told me...
you didn't agree during the last debate to accept the results.  What's different now?

Donny my boy,what a load of bollocks you talk !
just ignore crooked Hillary,
She's A total hypocrite, just keep making America Great! Nothing to worry about.

boo f'in hoo
They cannot handle the truth!  It's honestly insane!
Mr Trump, don't be so naive, they play dirty. But since HRC hasn't filed a recount and Jill has no chance of beating you?
Well? Have lawyers to throw out her request! And if push comes to shove, request a recount in the state HRC narrowly won.
we remember...  https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/trump-wont-commit-to-accepting-election-results-if-he-loses/2016/10/19/9c9672e6-9609-11e6-bc79-af1cd3d2984b_story.html?client=ms-android-americamovil-us …
bro you lost by 2 million votes, do you really want to win like that?
LOCK HER UP !
Do do this to us D. NO ROMNEY! If you want, I will be your Secretary of State.
You’re the one who loudly proclaimed you would only accept the result if you won. You’re a hypocrite Donald. @realDonaldTrump
You are the Man
It was expected that you show your tax returns. A Blind Trust is expected. Pres & family are expected to live in the W H.
The hypocrisy is astounding. So when you were going to challenge the "rigged" results, it was ok. But not for anyone else.
if it was the other way around trump would be screaming I won but he really lost by millions
in your own words
Your scared, Donald. After all 2 million people out voted you and we know #Putin had his hand in the pot.
Glad you waited had you'd won over Mini Bush 2000 you'd got the Twin Towers event Now you get Islamic State Still...CRAZY

you mean like when you were saying that if you lost it would be because of rigging? That kind of acceptance. Hypocrite.
yet you said you would only accept election results if you won. Well, you lost!
you yourself never accepted Obamas win.
BUT BUDDY ITS A LITTLE HARD TO ACCEPT WHEN FRACTION OF AMERICA DOES NOT WANT YOU AS PRESIDENT!
but you said the election was rigged! Just following through
Mussolini  & Hitler were elected as was @realDonaldTrump but they ended in defeat as they were tyrants
Like you claiming all along the vote was rigged?  You KNEW it was rigged, only that it was rigged by Putin for you!
liberal's keep bitching,your pissed he not going to persue Killary and other stuff he backed off. Hasn't taken office yet.
give the guy a chance when did you ever see Obama call a CEO and talk him into keeping a plant open saving 1000 jobs.
if you lost what would have said? Elections are rigged? What a dush
she lies about  her marriage,life,career,so what's another lie
☞@realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/802859802749784064 …

➥https://youtu.be/TAzSg3JCfzM?t=13s …
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
they are all afraid of losing all the tax money they have stolen from the people
You are a horrible man and not respected or liked by anyone with an IQ over 6, which is how old you act like. #loser
like you did when Obama won... you hypocritical, lying windbag?


#resign
if this is all true then why worry about a recount.   We the people of America want a recount
<---Exactly. Soros needs to be thrown out of our Country, does not belong here. Stein, Demon Hillary & the rest...TRUMP WON
Uh, that's not what you said when it looked like you were losing.
just following your lead, drain swamp
YOUR RIGGED THE ELECTION and you are not fooling anyone but yourself. A FOOL AND HIS MONEY IS SOON SEPARATED.
election has come and gone.... let Hillary Clinton accept defeat
well according to you not so long ago the election was rigged.
agreed and this is another way of proving how the democrats waste money. Put that money towards cancer research etc.
remember your answer "I'll accept if I win."  She's holding you in "suspense" now. What's the problem?
we have a legal right so get over it. We are going to do everything we can to get you out of office, buckle up buttercup
oh poop... you're getting less & less likes & retweets with every post... you're like Jackie Martling. Old news. #huge #sad
try Facebook, you have way more space to type your message.
Nervous they might find something #ScammerInGeneral
A month later @realDonaldTrump answers the question
trump is such a hypocrite . For months he called the election rigged. If he won popular vote but lost he'd be going nuts
I believe that this makes hillary a hipocrite. Gary you are a shame
please move yourself and family in the White House. No one wants you or them in NYC!!! Goodbye!!!
where is this fire and energy when fucking Nazis meet and celebrate you? When the salute you as the new furor??
where is this fire and energy when fucking Nazis meet and celebrate you? When the salute you as the new furor??
and if the recount elects you we will stand by it. #notmypresident
@amjoy key words here: #"fair elections". There is evidence of vote tampering in at least 3 states by Repubs. Need recount.
Homegrown Demagogue
So what was good for the goose was not good for the gander?
You are not and will never be my President. Go to Russia with your bro Putin
England's King George III we revolted against could never have hoped to match your pompous lack of respect for free speech.
wanted to tantrum & whine if he lost, and projects his bad egotistical behavior on others unfairly.
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
How do you have time to tweet so much? Most politicians have a staff doing it, yours sound straight from you? 
too bad @realDonaldTrump tweet about flag burners totally distracted attention away from the carrier deal lol. what a moron ! #trump
i agree; i can't stomach seeing u as a president. Would u prefer to be a king?
Outcome by US Intell hacking by Putin/Russia-your quid pro quos encouraged illegal hacking-U committed treason
so why can't you accept the 2million votes for HILLARY? #stoplying
WHY SHOULD WE PAY IRS  AND YOU DIDN'T. PLEASE ANSWER
@caselvis58;Closing at poll;you have two scanner workers(Rep.Dem poll watchers)how come that Devil woman want recount' joke
When you're involved, everything is suspect! #crookeddonnie
you're the one who suggested voter fraud in the first place, why so defensive over a recount? #stillwithher
too bad Trump never said he would accept the election unless he won.
God bless Donald trump! God bless Biafra!!!!
good you
but you had no intention of trusting the outcomes if Hillary won. You are the one who is not being civil here
THEY WERE NOT FAIR! YOU ADULTERATED  SWING STATE VOTES, AND WE WANT THEM RECOUNTED! YOU CANNOT RIG THE VOTE TWICE. RIGHT?!!
melania stop tweeting
you would not have accepted the outcome if you lost
Yet u didnt accept Obama, or have u forgotten this American woman will NEVER ACCEPT NOR RESPECT U #Notmypresident
;counted were done at various polling place;in closing the poll;you have poll watchers from Dem.,Rep.and NGOs present 
yeah this is how @POTUS re-election was treated.


yeah remember this?
