@CNN Get over your wet dreams ! ISIS is on the RUN !
Thank you for this plan
@meezer16 exactly what your country is doing at the moment ?
You are business man. Destroy ISIS' business. Dry their financing. Use your strengths. Who knows how to do this if not you?
we have a coalition of 32 nations. Ever hear of operation inherent freedom? Check it.
Your leaders were creating isis bro.
Haven't they told ya ?
That's odd bro.
But don't worry. .isis don't have radars
I? All by yourself? Oh puh-leeze.
i now u power of hart godbles boss
38 air strikes in Iraq and Syria in the past 48 hours. You don't know dick.
how will you defeat ISIS, you can't even manage to pay taxes, or your Twitter account. #Trumpwillgetusnuked
thank you!
You're not going to defeat ISIS...you'd have to win the election first. And we all know that's not happening. #get real
@DebAlwaystrump 
Getting butterflies!
Have a safe and fruitful journey
Best wishes-you will be our Great Protective Wall 
mainly, leadership has been voting on repealing #Obamacare & investigating #CrookedHilary #answertrump @BenghaziDems
So who killed our 4 Green Berets weeks ago @potus? Do you score your accomplishment at "10" or an "A"? No wonder you've taken no Victory Lap
Did you defeat ISIS yet lil Donny?
And isis have no f-22
A-10.
AWAX
OR even airport 
In fact
Us has all this f****g thinks
Sir.
our leadership has been allowing this to happen take control donald counting on you
LIAR.
Help them lead the fight?!? How many of OUR service men and women have been KILLED since YOU took office?!? #LiarInChief

when you say allies, ı hope you mean legal ones, not the illegal terorist groups!
@badger3030 what is your plan to defeat an ideology that no one has in hundreds of years.
So ... we're waiting. When are you going to defeat ISIS?
You are the boss man! Thank you, President Trump! 
@WendyCampagna It will take a lot more smarts than he has or his alright team.
you haven't done a darn thing except support I say this but your stupid statements against middle easterners and Muslims.
Hillary's rallies are filled with Syrian refugees, paid actors, and CGI! http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/10/its-trap-trump-must-boycott-final-debate.html …
that's not good
#FuckTrump #Impeach #Trump #NotMyPresident #TheResistance #Resist #TrumpLeaks
bombing them, drones, our soldiers risking their lives there, and disrespect our soldiers you piece of blankety-blank
Just stop playing world police. Look at the pain you've caused since WWII and just stop invading other countries. Please.
they have been keeping our country safe until you came along and your big mouth has made countries no longer trust us.
enough is enough KILL then ALL!
OMG can u EVEN b any dummer? really! You at least need to b informed!
If you know how to defeat IS, why not reveal plan now & save innocent lives? Otherwise complicit in murder of thousands.
Thank You
. You dodged Vietnam,  you're a coward.
they been around before the beginning in time stupid.what are you going to do about. hide
this looks like the exposé plan of an 8 year old child
1st, Republicans opened killing fields & created the fertile grounds to breed ISIS! Our President has killed the leaders!
let's have ads run with snipits from awesome kids!
Obummer has done this, wonder how he will feel when they come to his door.
dude you're throwing the election away. You let the American people down. Get over your ego!
wait so what happened to not telling the enemy our plan lol
@Bellajane127 Email & tell ur legislator to cut fundin for Refugee Resettlement Program for FY2017 http://cqrcengage.com/act/app/take-action?engagementId=253733#.WAEETWrAYfA.twitter.EVERYONE …
America is unlikely to have Allies if UR elected
you are certainly good at defeating....yourself
My nephew was dying on a battlefield in Iraq while you and your draft-dodging self was hosting bad reality TV.
go talk to Hillary and Obama they're giving them guns via Saudi Arabia
: Awesome to the 100th POWER!
Вы победили исламские группировки ? @realDonaldTrump 
Что-то Вы не на той соломенке...

Hey, Orange Man, you should go to prison for treason, like Hillary, for revealing your plan to defeat ISIS! How dare U! LOL
not with my goddamn kids you won't!
You'll be "resting" at Mar-A-Lago, trying to dream up ways to destroy the country for revenge.   Keep dreaming.
if you #DraintheSwamp  where will you run to hide? oh back to the sewer where you belong or in prison
expand the government even more? Who will reign on this "commission??
@RealScottErnst #DrainTheSwamp Starting with these 2 #StandWithMcMullanAndFinn
#SpiritDay 
@Blunt8384
sick! You are a disgrace to this country!
Vote McMullin  http://tinyurl.com/jzplq4a 
ISIS wants Donald Trump to win!
Because they know he can Destroy America faster than they ever could. 

Vote McMullin
Actually,..... YOU have been around too long.
You are defeated, now go away!1

Vote McMullin  http://tinyurl.com/jzplq4a 
ISIS says: "We will enter the West by Refugee loophole. Gain numbers and breed out the infidels in their own countries!
Defend US from attacks at home. Work with Allies including Russia. Don't announce plans. Find those who fund them. DESTROY
I'll pay your airfare to Syria.
they've been around less time than you! Someone should defeat YOU!
North Korea, has also weapons exports such as in the state sponsors of terrorism and friendly relations
ISIS, I wantto defeat the terrorists not onlyAnd produced not it also important, there is a threat of Japan also terrorism
TheUS will crash and burn faster under Dickless Donald than it did under Bush/Cheney.
Turkey already defeated them, they just disappeared on the face of the earth!
Actually... we ARE defeating ISIS.. without you nuking them, or refusing to pay bills submitted by government contractors.
Our present leadership has done absolutely nothing.
single-handedly.. as you previously stated.  How would you do this?  You have never fought like our servicemen #delusional
You have defeated yourself. You don't need to worry about ISIS anymore.
u can't even defeat illiteracy in your own country and hilly billy incest. Pipe down billy big bollocks Donald. 
You are an ISIS dream come true.  They have been waiting for you all their lives.  You will help the greatly.
Helping kick their butts in Mosul right now. That's what.
Thank you Mr. Trump! It's about time we had some real leadership in the Whitehouse again!   
 #WomenForTrump #MAGA
A TRUE LEADERSHIP FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP..NOV8 MASSIVE GOP LANDSLIDE VICTORY
Nah we'll pass.. already seen your lack of knowledge when it comes to rules of engagement in war
A man who dodged the #Vietnam war has no credibility lecturing about war #BigLeagueTruth
"Defeat the ideology of radical islamic terrorism" is such a vague blanket statement. Hearts&Minds aren't won with force
sir hw cn u defeat dem where u knw dat #BARACK OBAMA is d Leader of ISIS so USA CITIZENS should support u to push him out.
:only language dyhard islamist understands are crack smelling,72viginas,kill kafirs:UR CHOICE capture,tame/train or kill...
how can you defeat ISIS when you were too cowardly to do your duty during the Vietnam War era? Who had to take your spot?
Yeah facing Mecca six times a day yelling Islamic terrorism is a great battle plan huh? You have no plan!
take this out of the Obama play book they have been doing this for years you going to send more kids into war to die?
Our leadership has been playing golf and deleting emails.
for that you have support from all over the world ...
I thought you weren't going to tell us???? Now ISIS knows!!!! You're not winning with this strategy!!
HOW are you going to defeat ISIS. I've heard NO PLAN. Just empty words. Pathetic. #Trumpisaloser
Why didn't you stop ISIS earlier if you "apparently" have all the knowledge on them? Or are you working with them?
These are desired end results, not a plan, sort of like "being president".
Action steps are required to meet ends.
Make America Great Again!=America Hu Akbhar!
says coward draft dodger Trump
Says the "man" who avoided military service time and time again...
you must control their weapons
the news is dogging u so bad not fair
yeah right
God Bless you.She supported them!.wikileaks! Isis is here..She wants more refugies! what the hell is going on.!
SHE IS NOT GOING TO DEFEAT ISIS. IT'S NOT IN THE CARDS! THERE IS A MASTER PLAN AT WORK GOING ON AND IT'S NOT GOOD
@FrenchForTrump DEFEAT THE "IDEOLOGY" IS KEY!

@IsaboSalem great....
Hahahahaha
-- Do you even know what the acronym ISIS stands for? That was rhetorical, we all know you don't.
thats the problem we have had no leadership  !!! And we won't with Hitlary...
What are they doing. Do you pay attention at all.
If you lend ISIS your campaign team, you can pretty much guarantee they will lose in a landslide.
Defeat an Ideology? Yes, candidates have always said anything to get elected, but you take that to a whole new level!
First, u need a geography class... Mosul is in Iraq
How? What's the plan?
Vote @realDonaldTrump to #MAGA #debatenight #debate
Hillary's greatest concern is definitely not the American people but her popularity in world power.
@love_the_donald NOTHING!!!!!
Richard Haas on MSNBC just backed up the idea of Clinton/Obama created ISIS by leaving a vacuum. 6:50am Whoops?!
BUT FIRST I'M GOING TO TAKE ON ALEC BALDWIN. PRIORITIES, PEOPLE!
TRUE real experience counts DUDE.
@HillaryClinton SO FAR '16,-1946- Islamic attacks in 57 countries-16211 killed-19748 injured. 
https://www.thereligionofpeace.com/attacks/attacks.aspx?Yr=2016 …
so have you
yeah right. Y
No you won't. #truth

LOL these have already been implemented
Hillary IS MENTAL, she obsesses Putin.  Sick.
pathetic obsession HRC has w/PUTIN.  SHE US MENTAL.
tell me how you will defeat an ideology, dear. Do you even know what that word means?
Those allies & joint coalition you mention, are any of those  the ones you refuse to help defend unless they pay up?
and how the fuck do you think you can do that, when nobody else can??!
Our leadership hasn't been grabbing women by their privates, or taking them for tuition to fake univ, misusing donations...
says he wants to get rid of NATO yet he says he wants to use allies to defeat ISIS.
I'm tired of hearing what you say your going to.  How do you plan on doing it?
Lord tk for keeping our families safe by placing Mr. Trump as POTUS 2016.
i bet they don't even know how to GRAB PUSSY!!
@starknightz 
Hillary an Tim Kaine were caught dumping their sewage tank on Motorhome illegally. Whew wee  draining Stank!!
I don't want to see another San Bernardino, live 7 miles from  shooting, I work at Tyler Galleria & I am scared at work!
You won't defeat hate with stupidity.  @realdonaldtrump
@BarackObama @HillaryClinton been playing golf on tax payer money, sleeping & vacationing.  Don't want to see POTUS golfing
 look who's now publishing his own plan to defeat isis. After slatinf HC for doing same. Aren't they "secret"?
ISIS is created by #HilaryClinton to blame american war crime in middle east.
How about radical Christianity, like all those christians that want all Americans to live by their gods laws or else?
Gonna have our allies in the Middle East pay us before working with them?
#youreadouche
wow I wonder why no one else thought of that...
go to sleep Donnie. In your dreams.
@helengrantley apart from NEW screening,  what part isn't already in place?
One good thing about this man is that he will defeat ISIL once & for all instead of letting them escape from Mosul to Syria
We need to vet those that are already here just like illegals Obummer/Killary hasn't done any job of vetting them. #Trump .
tell me, what's your plan
I TRUST YOU AND I KNOW YOU WILL KICK ASS!!!
Your plan is exactly what the current administration implemented long ago. So you endorse the current leadership? Good boy
really? Pray do tell us how when they have supporters who are homegrown and in every country, being told not to stand out.
go trump you are the best I hope you sink that crooked woman she will destroy everything we have known as a clean America
WOW,,,whachya doing ,,policy,,,too little too latr
yeah.. By pressing delete on the keyboard of death

