u wish u had that many people voting for you....get real Donny
@LadiesForTrump @AC360 
HRC is evil.She thinks it's her turn.
AC and friends are Repulsive in aiding
well you pretty much eliminated the female vote , vote @GovGaryJohnson
guess you aren't in the loop
I don't know how any self respecting female could vote for don or Hillary
I have lots of self respect clawed my way to a gr8 career. I choose American freedom over corruption
those 10's of millions are white supremacists or racists most are in denial
because anybody that supports you is against progress & the well-being of our country both enemies of the state
@KarenMBlaisdell @AC360 
Great Question!
You will have to get behind Bill: beware the cigar fumes, don't know where it has been.
HOW CAN YOU UNITE A COUNTRY IF YOU CAN'T UNITE YOUR TICKET?
is this a joke?
Well, let's see... you have written off minorities, women, Veterans, and the disabled as losers... #BigLeagueTruth
R U saying millions of Trump Supporters are Racists bigots Xenophobic & homophobic? Hillary was only talking abt thm

Irony, little girls crying in hrc advert about dt's words.. But a man (hrc's husband) was getting head in the oo by an intern
@Cameron58503515 @AC360
Trump lies
Really? You're going to talk about division? #LOLgurl
!  Are you a nutcake!
tell us u bigot
the same way you plan to deport an even larger number of people.
Irony.
You mean like legal immigrants, Judges who are American, women, college educated, minorities, Muslim Americans 
: How about slamming the mat down for unity? #DeplorablesUnite  http://ow.ly/DdKQ3054CyZ  #deplorables #tcot
Apparently you can't add.
how can you unite a country when you're a vagina grabbing bigot?
you are rediculous look at the pile of dung that Clintons have aquired. I feel sorry 4 u
. How can you??  Now it's your job!
.... isn't that what you do every time you speak?
@SandraVona  aliens and sharia muslims are not Americans.
half of Trump supporters which isn't half the country, while you have specifically insulted half of Americans
50% of votes ate lazy &don't want to work TRUMPS  WORDS not 50%HRC voters 50% of votes over 150million lazy voters!!
ya Donald...how can you? You have alienated so many born and bred..shameful!
We DEPLORABLES support you Mr Trump you'll win by landslide. Most of these polls are rigged.
welcome KKK into gov? Right. Why not make friends with both them and Putin(the murderers)
not tens of millions. Only those who are deplorable!
yeah, how can you unite us when you've written off women, African Americans, Mexican Americans, Muslims, disabled people..?
she unites the 'deplorables' and the 'unaware' in one big basket.
you wrote us off the day you got in bed with #KKK.
like Don'T did with Latinos, blacks, Muslims, women, LBGTs...you're insane!
"How can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of Americans?” Well Trump tell us.
CNN & Hillary Clinton R dividing the American ppl they can manipulate & conquer wats in it 4 owner ccn
dt, u r deplorable & any 1 who supports u is deplorable. this will b the defeat of the deplorables #DJTbatcrapcrazy
Like Muslim Americans, Mexican Americans,  and women?
do you really believe all the lies you tell?
and how can u unite if by insulting latinos, Muslims, blacks and women?
well they don't count, that's how
you mean like muslims and mexicans?
I don't know, Mr. Trump, let's ask the Latin Americans, African Americans and Muslim Americans, shall we?
Dear @realDonaldTrump Feeling free to assault women isn't quite the way to unite a country either sir. @AC360 #dumptrump #notokay #disgrace
Yes, please explain trump. You have disenfranchised so many I've lost count. You are such a wonderful unifier. 
But you want to deport HOW MANY again???
Like immigrants, muslims, and women??
because they r bigots, raciest hateful people like their leader.
how can you do the same when you attack everyone but white Christians?
because if those "tens of thousands of people" are bigots, racists, misogynistic, homophobic, xenophobic. LEAVE
We are with you Trump Train Army . We love our brave patriotic country and flag anthem! !!!!!!!
Donald shut up...the sound of your voice is sickening
I would rather have 4 more years of ANY SANE PERSON !!
how can you run a country when you openly brag about not paying taxes.

That's the question Black Americans and Mexican Americans and Muslim Americans have for you.
Only the Nazis
how can you unite a country when you insult 50% of the population by bragging about sexually assaulting them?
I thought it was "us vs. them?"
KEEP THE BIG LEAGUE TRUTH COMING SIR!
they are 
Trump is unqualified to be PRESIDENT
and you've insulted our entire country
You can do it, Mr. Trump!
Just white power/neo-Nazi orgs & bigots who love your message of racial & ethnic discrimination.
Mr Trump the sleeping giant has been awaken! I have 20 friends that never register to vote in their lives! Your it!!
you mean like you have.
how can u unite a country when you've put all the blacks in the ghetto and built a wall for the Hispanics 
You mean like all women who are not rates 10s by you, you Adonis?
how can you love America when you with hold your tax returns
Those aren't real Americans.  They need to be marked and cleansed.
look who's talking.
How will YOU unite a country you've encouraged to be divided by hatred, sexism and racism?! #answeraquestion
trump not millions of americans #just you
yes Donald, how can you?
we the people are behind you..that is the deplorables. Love me some DONALD
like Black people because you never have anything people positive to say about us , open your eyes.


@gf1av @AC360 u and Hillary did things that affected us u ain't no better than hillary
RT @realDonaldTrump:
@AC360: “How can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of Americans?” #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Well you would know since you reject Muslims, African Americans, Hispanics, Gays, women...
because then there's still 100's of millions of "rationals" left.. xo GL Nov 8 grotesque Lecher.
or deport millions of them too, right Jackass!
Don, you actually said it yourself. Supporters who'd be OK w/ you shooting someone in the street are "deplorable."
kinda like you!
you should look in the mirror and ask yourself that question
@LindaSuhler @AC360 ROGER THAT!
easy
u should ask yourself that ? You've written off muslims, Mexicans, the handicapped & women who aren't a ten
Deplorable debate.
@MomWifeGrammy @AC360 as a seasoned politician she should have learned from Mitt's 47%
I don't know trump why are you causing that problem
when you aren't busy sexually assaulting women, you may learn how to unite people
How can you run for president after what she did in bengazi?
@WillisShepherd @AC360 she will start with reeducation of the deplorables.
Donald Trump, you have written off women, gays, and minorities.
soooo....is this a conversation you had with yourself?
you can't we want our country back simple as that no burkas' no sharia law
how can you say you will represent all Americans when you have no respect for women, minorities, Etc
cooper doesn't care about American ppl His ties to the Clintons run straight to his pocket book Controlled by SOROS
what U said abt women is #deplorable. What U said abt UR daughter is #deplorable.  If the hashtag fits. @ananavarro
how can you respect women but grab their crotches
Hillary loves everyone Trump uses everyone
Exactly DJT wrote off all intelligent women! "It was 11 years ago" plays better when you're in your 30s/40s, Gramps.
Yeah, like the time you said you don't need us, you can win without us. Got it. 
#NeverTrump
Answer your own question. That's exactly what you have done.
She can't! Ppl don't know REAL #HilLIARY b/c MSM pimps for her PUBLIC persona when PRIVATE #HRC calls her own ppl "LOSERS"
you won we are sticking with you all of America is behind you
good question Donald...you best answer that
like you have done??
I'm proud to say it:  color me deplorable AND unredeemable!! #MAGA 
I agree
@veganvecoh @AC360 Why does anyone talk about the Bilderberg Group?

How can you unite the country when your heart is stone cold.
Yes, that's a question you should answer.
like when you write off women, Muslims, Mexicans, African Americans, children, veterans, disabled, dissenters....
You mean like Latinos, blacks, Muslims and women?
what was that about Muslims, Cheeto?
nTHATS WHAT YOU WANT TO DO.  BUILD A WALL GET RID OF EVERYONE THAT ISNT WHITE, HOW CAN YOU EVEN SAY WHAT U JUST SAID
How can you unite the country if Mexicans immigrants are rapists, ban Muslims, discriminate against black and groping women
well you're a hater and your supporters are deplorable #trumpthedeplorable
@jimboazil @AC360 IF ALL PRIVATE CONVERZATION OF ORDINARY PEOPLE WERE PUBLISHED, NO BODY WOLD BE US PRESIDENT. HYPOCRITES!!
WHO SHALL THROW THE FIRST STONE AGAINST DONALD J TRUMP?
she wrote of the racists that support you. There are millions of those and they are irredeemable
Thank you Mr. Trump for being our voice. I vow to #StandByTrump. You are going to win this for us! #MAGA
Hiding Republicans meet the Rocky Balboa of politics..TRUMP IS ROCKY!
Deplorables are ruining this country
. Listen to the big frog this country has been united but is being decided by you
Their attempt to stay in power is to keep Americans divided. #MAGA  @JoeyD11215 @AC360
how can you unite a country as a racist
good question as you have done same.
Are you talking to all of us you've called "losers" ? Or just the ones you've grabbed by the ...
there is somthing really wrong with a man like you.
she calls us deplorable and irredeemable and calls Bernie supporters basement dwellers. She despises Americans
Hillary Clinton wants to be coronated queen of America and she despises patriotic Americans. Queen of the Damned!
Deplorables = white supremacists and sexist men who grab women's pussies without consent.
We would not survive as the USA.

YOU will make America Great again and united, Mr. Trump
You did too http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/flashback-donald-trump-called-bill-clintons-accusers-terrible/story?id=42686582 …
words Donald. It's only words. Locker room talk, that's all.
HRC said Trump supporters were a Basket of Deplorables & said her own Dem base is a Bucket of Losers.
fortunately the deplorables are not the majority.
that's a great question Donald. How are you going to do that?
Actually trump has done that.
Yes, DJT, how can you? You alienated millions and millions of people. #NeverTrumpOrHillary
Oh, Hillary can bow up and Kiss my Pistol toting rebel butt. :)
As a woman, I am so proud to cast my vote for you Mr. Trump! I can't wait until Nov 8th!

Well, you're writing off your own party if they disagree with you sooo...there's that.
You tell that open-borders witch, Mr. President!
the same way you plan on by stripping lgbt rights
how can you repair the economy when you yourself claimed almost a billion dollars in losses in one year?

good question. How can you unite a country when you want Muslims on a list and think all black people live in inner cities?
exactly, what about blacks, Latinos, gays, lesbians, women? You have written off all of these.
how can you work for all people when you disrespect half the population #sexualassault
like Latinos, women, blacks, Muslims... You're the epitome of a hypocrite, Donald. #imwithher
Trump writes off, Latinos, LGBT, pregnant women, Muslims, women over 35, women who won't sleep with him,..........
