Trump was right -- he is an asset... for Russian meddling... smh
Trump is a lot -- he made his money by skirting the law and oppressing workers...

When is his base going to get it through their thick skulls that he has no interest in bettering their lives -- just the lives of his benefactors will benefit... Putin is pretty happy with his ROI.
wrg, no such thing as more or less tx, do anyx
Don't blame the American people you give them 7 million to them so the broke the agreement take it back
Wow! Pot Meet Kettle! Spend More Time Working-Less Time Tweeting For the Love of God...DO YOUR JOB JOB JOB!!
silense trump is poor and your factories made in china!
media not reportng rape of 14-year-girl by 2 illegs in MD y?sad
is that why you're purchasing your steel from Russia?
you call yourself  POTUS for all Americans? U r the illegitimate POTUS who lies and lines his own coffers. #theResistance
please stop tweeting
TRUMP. Anti union. Just look at the workers on his projects.
“Spend more time working — less time tweeting.”
hello
@BostonUnionCity I'm thankful for unions who actually do protect a man or woman's livelihood. Extremely important
time is goes
if you were any good as a President, you'd start working for the people and stop tweeting. Or resign, that too.
I have ultimate solution to block incoming emigrants in Europe.
Deport all Protesters to seria or any Sharia Muslims country controlled by Sharia law . They must learn why we hate Muslims
你会和中国开战吗
特朗普先生美墨边境什么时候建好
Keeping it Real buddy! We love Trump!!
congratulations our dear president
: If u were any good, you'd stop sexual assaulting women & lying about keeping jobs for Carrier. Try
@EvilGnome6
You sir should  follow  your  own  advice please
funny how he talks about USW but used Chinese steel for Trump tower.
你的胸襟太小了
"Spend more time working-less time talking." Pot ... kettle. Take your own advice, please and thank you. #WiredForAction
dont let the US Goverment let you take the RAP FOR THEIR FALL DONALD TRUMP...
wish you'd start listening to your own advice!
We must make bio-diesel cars w steel bodies again, like the great Henry Ford wanted. Make driving safe again! 
USSTEEL!
thats just wrong.
https://youtu.be/dMrQKccHeVs  #MAGA must watch if you luv and support Donald Trump @6odlikeRTs @HyperRTs
As a mother who loves her 2 girls wher their lives are I danger why are we laughed at or look down upon when we live right
I didn't even get my full hour. Why is our system so harsh & mean to mothers r ppl wanting do the right thing?
just left another attorney after paying150$ for her to tell me she could not help & her beliefs wher diff so she got angry
Thank u ! I don't know if u will even read this but I pray 4 u each day & thank u 4 what u r doing to heal our nation 
I'm not asking for anything free I just need an attorney who is fair & ethical. I need a person does right this & listens
I'm reaching out to u bc our whole system is corrupt & no one wants to help the " good " parent. Love my girls so much!
I am tweeting u bc I have been w/ u since beginning & I trust u & so happy u r my President. Even if ur staff can help.
Attorneys, legal system corrupt as a mother I need help. It's not about child support, revenge, its safety & happiness
Pres Trump I need ur help. My children safety at risk no one to help honest. All political favors for my ex.
Really,This from the Fascist freak who hates America, bought his steel from CHINA!
...then I could spend less time tweeting-more time working.
Chuck Jones should spend more time representing workers and less time exposing my lies (e.g. "truthful hyperbole")
YOU need to spend less time talking and more time working! GET OFF YOUR PHONE, Donnie Titler!
you're one to talk
Unions have ruined this country
Kelly Annconway stole the election ask her
And you would build your buildings with American Right. You don't have a proven Track Record,just Lying Buzzwords.
the pig

OR Billionaires who control captain could be less greedy and stop exploiting labor #laborday
I wish you would talk more. What about that press conference? Never mind it will just make me embarrassed for us.
Stop buying steel from China..Loser
and again Donald is right you lazy union workers need to get off your ass and work like you're self-employed
u r not aware of the life anyone lives or how hard they work!!!  All u see is ur profit.
It's amazing how many people you insult, even your supporters, with just your baby digits and squinty eyes.
more working hours isn't a solution. More communication is better

then why you keep talking son
hi
You are the President-elect...so start acting like it.  You cannot be President and bash citizens on Twitter...GROW UP.
I have a serious question can you clarify for me what do you mean when you say Make America Great Again. Real talk
Sadly, it is not the members but their own union leadership that ends up doing them in. Reopen the Friedrichs case please!
you are a fool. Shame will fill America for putting you in power.
. R u going to be a union buster too?
Yeah. And your hack Pence couldn't keep them there either without you authorizing a $7 million "incentive" to them.
Or Pence can just fund more plants in Mexico
i agree with t
China has cost Amer a lot of jobs but comp using robots instead of people won't help us either.Going to penalize them also
OK. PERFECT  ANSWER 
NO MORE  TALKING 
MORE  ACCION

@themiamivoice riiiight. cause steelworkers matter to any biz owner. fuckouttahere
#help steelwoerker in Duisburg Krupp Tell "bleibt in Duisburg" oder kündige Manager alle!
Clinton won the election by 2,864,978 votes. #getridofelectoralcollege
I have s ultimate solution to destroy Islam and prevention of Muslim emigrants.
Riddle me this Donald,Why is yours and your daughters clothing not made in the US? Do you talk too much and work too little
if you can't #BeKind you should #becivil you are the #peotus https://www.teepublic.com/t-shirt/536147-be-civil?store_id=23144 …
please help us in NYC to remove NYC's worst Mayor DeBlasio.
Important context missing.Trump's description of how many jobs were saved at the Carrier plant in Indiana was inflated.
so what's wrong with your's & Ivanka's clothing lines that are made overseas? Guess they're no good either. Right?
well "Don" make unions strong again! EAP, OSHA,and all that came about to weaken the need of Unions!
Nice jab at the poor saps who fell for you bullshit. You literally are a cunt. Stop attacking the working class, asshole.
it's 2016, not 1999.
I thought you're for the working man
we need to impeach Obama
Don't believe the #SiberianCandidate's lies Add Chrome extension realdonaldcontext to counteract his lies.
Or go to states with pro working class governors make DEALS to make items like electric engines for old cars!
I expect your. Ew government will reduce or repeall labour laws giving Unions even less power. We know your plans!!!
is this the message u send 2 laid off workers u will bring ur jobs back if we agree 2 b paid what u pay 4 ur jobs
mk
@CFarmergirl2 I am from Indian and you are totally right! my dad never got a pension either. sad.
royal Putz
if you campaigned better instead of bing in the BOTTOM third of presidential winners
And maybe if you had purchased American steel they would've kept afloat hypocrite
You sound like every manager in the country. You can't understand why people don't like to work weekends and holidays.
Have you heard of automation. If you would support free education these people can train for another job
You're attacks on private citizens is going to get someone killed. Not that you care. And no. This is not a eupheNism.
If US builders like @realDonaldTrump didn't buy inferior & cheaper China steel it would have helped keep US jobs!!
your getting bashed heavily by the media especially msnbc send the secret service over and just have them stand around lol!
and buy China steel like you did for your NY building. It's pronounced Jyna!
why don't you start paying your federal taxes and stop ripping off the American public
Greedy global corporations move jobs overseas, not unions!  #stophatedumptrump
They need the dues to pay legal fees against dick-taters like you.  #stophatedumptrump
This election has put unions on notice!
resign.
if you would spend more time listening to briefs and less time tweeting, you would make informed decisions
Contract negotiations require collaboration: management & union leaders. We still work even w/out contracts. Dues worth it.
I think you should take your own advice  and shut up on twitter and do your damn daily briefings
people I voted for my PRESIDENT TRUMP I think he is wonderful and will make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN..I for one have your BACK
It's a wonder you have any money without knowing how the basics of economics works.
There you go putting down American workers, Whiny Donnie. No surprise there.
too bad @SpeakerRyan tanked #buyAmerican...my in-laws already expressing regrets they voted for u #MAGA
@rob_mcwaters Dues are going to keep Jobs here. Dues are paid by the members not the company. Trump!
Dues are low. Its Chinese Steel. Don't BS.
You are a truly terrible person. Stop wielding your power to persecute regular Americans.
unions are obsolete, labor laws are sufficient to protect workers
get rid of liberals in the educational system  replacing them with teachers that believe in the exceptionalism of the USA.
keep up the good work.
You lied, did not save as many jobs as claimed!
if you were any good the country would not have to bribe businesses and companies to stay...
look in the mirror some of them made the mistake to vote for you.I know lots that would like to take their votes back
like your any better. At least they haven't bankrupt their companies. Who has bad business sense?

so Presidential, much wow.
thank you!! From a Hoosier!!! 
weren't you the one that saved them? Then you put your tail b/t your legs and still let them go to Mexico #ArtOfTheDeal
they have to have funds to preserve jobs and fight the man.
I would hope our president-elect used proper grammar. Second, union dues have gone up since ult right have screwed unions
At least their members pay their dues. You're a member of the United States. And you don't!
You brokered that deal,  Tramp. Live with the fallout.
You've walked all over the working man in your career- sad- be better, prove your worthiness-
you are what they call a "union buster" ; you are what was wrong with the great American family.
take your own advice -if you were any good you would shut your mouth, quit tweeting and stop risking American lives
(cont'd) he came from a political family!
How does one become president having no idea of how the world works? I mean, GWB was a spoiled rich kid, too, but at least
Way to support the working class.  Attack their only true support network, their unions.
How about you forget to blame the Union for an issue you are continuing to perpetuate by giving tax breaks to billionaires?
the cost of living is high for a family of 5. What will you do to help the struggling families in America
Good job Drumpf (sarcasm).  Call the American workers out & blame them.
reinstate home biz mix use zoning. Let Americans create their own jobs off their property is solid economic stimulus !!
Spend more time at security briefings, less time watching SNL and seeking adoration from your minions.
really?? is that all that you're going to do is reduce to this bully??!!??
well by that logic, if any of your companies were any good you would have kept them all american
if the union would stop, things would be better
maybe you should talk less? #idk #ideas
The B.S. Stops on December 19, 2016.
pretty soon we all will be blaming you for loss of jobs. Have you brought your products back to US? Doubt you will.
I turned on CNN as soon as I get out of bed hoping that the headlines read Trump has been assassinated. I would celebrate
They didn't have access to $7M to bribe Carrier, you liar.  Sad!
you just spew out drivel constantly #notmypotus #thereaistance
the irony you spend more time tweeting than anyone on the interwebz
Teamsters had.its act together worked out well, JBT our healthcare dental (one choice) worked great.payscale & benefits too
less time talking - you should take your own advice, traitor
