Instead of talking about this nonsense, why not tell us what you're going to do about Putin ?!
FAKE NEWS!
IT'S PRODUCED BY A GUY FROM TMZ IM DEAD
MOST OF AMERICANS would want to re-run the 2016 election to Enjoy a nation free of Objectification.
Ahh TMZ..  journalism at it's finest.
Why don't you stop selling yourself and do something about this?
Hate speech is on the rise following U.S. presidential election http://nbcnews.to/2g1EAyk  
@NBCNews  and this http://nbc4i.com/2016/12/03/couples-house-trashed-tagged-with-swastikas/ …
you're so pathetic. you are sociopathic serial liar. and not a very smart one. you're a financial con artist. little Marco was right
.@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews HAHAHHAHAHA
USA e baile de favela!  Fudeu galera 
I wish you a merry Christmas& I hope you are visited by 3 ghosts & change your evil ways! GET SCROOGED!

with too much money...you a president not a dictator
bankrupt people rape their kids grab that pussy steal their money cry bout SNL...
#youradick
no thanks I will pass would rather eat rocks.
Use the media.
Oh yeah .. television's own yellow journalist. He makes Geraldo Rivera look like Walter Cronkite by comparison.
What a self-absorbed clown. Run the country!!! Quit making it into a reality show to stroke your ego!
followed by Donald Trump Fucks his Daughter.
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/mccain-rex-tillersons-russia-ties-are-a-matter-of-concern/article/2609354 … #unfit #compulsiveliar #putinpuppet
Thank you,Mr. President. You seem to be getting things done....I'm glad I voted for you!
TMZ?  LOL!!!
I will not enjoy.

go away
The Veterans keep asking you about medical cannabis. At least address the issue please sir. Thanks.
*objectifier
Right on Sir! Couldn't agree more with you about Harvey Levin's "greatness." TMZ is our kind of journalism, Sir!
nothing great about that tabloid.
great show
You know Harvey is gay right?  Racists and bigots like your supporters wont like you palling around with Gays

The news here is not just what's in the headline... the McConnell plot is jaw-dropping http://goo.gl/WeKHUx 
#Exxon #Oil #Swamp He filled the swamp #putin
Enjoy shutting off the TV?
is there anyway I can find it online?
great show
FAKE NEWS THE ONLY ONES THAT LIKE YOU!!
"objectified" huh? We women hate it when that happens. 
using "Fox News", "TMZ" and "great" in the same sentence is precisely why you're unfit to be president.
Hahahahaha! Hooo, boy. Donald Trump just called Harvey Levin "great"! Hahaha! #ohmyfuckinggod
TMZ? LOL i was laughing the whole way through!
Harvey Levin is an Uncle Tom he will throw anyone under the bus to get ahead including his own.
#nevertrump #notmypresident #boycottinauguration, #Trumpistrash
FOX NEWS? ROGER WHATS HIS FACE'S NEWS THAT GOT BUSTED- WORKS WITH YOU NOW, TWO SLEAZE IN A POD


It costs to much to watch T. V..
You are a #PutinPuppet Enjoy #ConManTrump
only Trump would praise a tabloid lawyer.
Isn't "objectified" just the story of how you make all women feel?
I hate Donald trump
Правда, Правда, Правда, Правда для людей!!!
promote yourself much?
it sucked
@FoxNews 
#TrumpTaxReturns Where are your tax returns? You promised!
I'd be interested in finding out what kind of object @FoxNews objectifies @realDonaldTrump as - one of his gold plated crappers?
One more reason never to watch @FoxNews . Actually, objectify is what @realDonaldTrump  does to women.
oops, sorry - hearing trump speak kills brain cells.
no one cares. Stop promoting yourself
I watched it like 5 times. Very nice!! @KatieKatieo1203
It is wrong for me to focus more about ratings than policy, but that's really all I care about. #TrumpIsUnfit
FOX News.  I'd rather have the swine flu. should've seen "Hairspray". You might have learned smthng. If possible
President Trump! Don't let all the garbage coming from the DEMs! You are doing a great job and most recognize it!
You really just want to be on TV, not in the White House.
We have all seen enough to know: con, $25,000,000 FRAUD, liar, supporter of Bannon & white supremacists. Sad #con
follow my YouTube channel guys and gals joeyfreedom best of the best
Not!
I feel like a president elect shouldn't care about ratings...
Please stop the self-aggrandizing and start thinking about how you will govern.  Not rule.  Govern.
Now the guy who literally produces the same crap the Enquirer reports is "GREAT"...WOW...just WOW!
Hey #Fatso  #donaldtrump lover of #putin 
Time to take the #GrowUpChallenge 
Maybe #SNL will give #TRUMP some pointers?
wow, fox and tmz? Somebody alert the Peabody committee!
#ShutTheFuckUp #NotMyPresident
Why do you care so fucking much about ratings? You do realize they don't really mean anything right? Of course not
America has such an optimistic viewpoint November ’16 a month to remember and Dec. shows us the great 2017 ahead!
"Great" Harvey Levin LOL!
Poor Baby! Was u "Objectified?"
Who wants to look at you if they don't have to?! Majority of Americans despise you.
I would rather have a colonoscopy.
my dude, do you know what TMZ is? Bc bragging about TV made by a trashy tabloid is, um...an interesting choice.
because its all about ratings.  Fuck the truth.
your narcissism reaches new heights.   Stop promoting yourself.  You got the job already. Just do it now.
Hooray, a tabloid piece by Fox! You can be a Celebrity again! God dammit these next four years will take forever.
did you know Harvey is gay and Jewish? What will your white supremacist pals think of thst? You are a hot mess DJT
#derp
Low rent reality star...
Objectified Trump is best piece entire politically cycle that was done.   Very honest and fair,
Start hiring more conservatives and the hell with Al Gore and Mitt Romn4ey and Bob Dole.  COME ON GET WITH IT!
.@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Wait- Fox News is? Shocking. #ImStillWithHer
you are a knucklehead
ill be watching trumpland by micheal moore unstead.
Enjoyed Harvey ' s enlightening show but disappointed he held it till after election. Typical Hollywood bias.
Have you really not realized you're no longer playing at reality TV but preparing to lead a nation? Fuck your rating hits.
haters gonna hater losers gonna lose
China also creates a lot of fake products, designer prods, bogus dvds, etc.  Are u going 2 get them 2 pay up?
Made my lib mom watch it at her home.
he's a liar
I missed it again when and where will it come on again?
name our fox news to trumpnews
THANKS FOR TWEETING! IT'S NICE TO GET IT STRAIGHT FROM THE SOURCE WITHOUT LIBTARD CONDIMENTS ATTACHED!
not even at gun point
perfect name for it since you only value money, materialism, greed. "Objects" Nothing of substance
I loved it, you certainly are a humble and magnanimous person, we're lucky to have you as our new president!
FoxNews another Breitbart. Surround yourself my the real press. Are you afraid?


Why don't you learn how to.speak English.
You are the PEOTUS, advertising for TMZ? Seriously, read about your job.


WOW! Fox News AND TMZ?! You should get the Nat. Inquirer, Sun and Star to write stories about it. #YoureAhack
Great will make sure to miss that with the other majority of voters who didn't vote for you!!
dear brother thanks for you to under stand kashmire policy dear its true india always put him truble for Pakistan@FoxNews
hell no!!!! I'll pass, we are already stacked up on their bullshit news
not sure why you would allow that drivel to be aired again.  It made a fool out of you.  Look up word objectified.
Ooooooh! The Harvey Levin???!!! Way cool, dude!
China's yunnan province government established FanYa. For five years. $6.5 billion fraud people http://dlvr.it/Mp6HY3 
A story to stroke your ego, so sad you have no friends, no one likes you, only your money, even your family.
Objectified Women" by Donnie Drumpf.
#TWITIOT
Shouldn't that be re-titled "Objectified: Every woman Trump has ever grabbed by the pussy without their consent"
your kidding right i haveto see u for 4 years?
Laugh Out Loud!
#cheetocomment #cheetonews #breakingnews #assholefarts
Donny, Fox isn't news, it's entertainment... for the ignorant.
@banditville2014 I've watched it 4 times, great interview
trump likes to finger himself
I prefer younger gay men.
you are gross.
I loved it. Watched it twice :)
never mind,  one day you'll get to appear on a real news station for grown ups
your hair is hideous.
TMZ is great? You're delusional.
Now it seems the ratings must be rigged too.
agreed
This also will be ignored.  I would rather watch re-runs of Seinfeld.
China's yunnan province government established FanYa. For five years. $6.5 billion fraud people https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Az5F-CIh4OE …
I love Harvey!!!!
RATINGS???? IS THAT WHAT YOU CARE ABOUT??? CON ARTIST, CLOWN!!!! YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT THE PEOPLE!!!
this seems like a reasonable use of the PEOTUS's time, promoting "ratings hits".
Blocking Fox news for life, it should be Fox Opinion.  Glad a woman skewered you on that show though
Of course Fox did.  They love them some Donald, even after you went to Megan Kelly's throat, don't watch trash
- We have been punished into watching you 24/7.
Do we need to watch you degrade your self again?
Train wrecks always get high ratings.
faux news.
and I won't be watching again! Can't stand your blow up doll mouth and constant sniffing from all the blow u do
Nah. I'll stick to Saturday Night Live
#Egotist thank but stop
