promotes hate fear anger paranoia doesn't have right temperament 4 presidency no self-control Trump dangerous for America!

When we set the example diplomacy is a joke to evil ,it has effect with good only, EVIL understands fear let’s speak it fluently.
@ghostofjohanna Hold on Cowboy. It ain't all about the fight. It's all about using ur head. If they don't agree. Kick ass
= A GREAT MAN  !!!
Religious fanatics won't disappear. Ask some of the bloodthirsty right wingnut Christian Conservatives.
let's make Israel and the ysa safe for our grandchildren before I die please!
Oops and the USA safe
Resign stupid.
Oh unlike your religious threat to ban all Muslims? That is not a threat? @TeaPainUSA @maddow @chucktodd @cbs @abc
Why won't you get the real info before tweeting?  The last thing we need is a president who tweets first, thinks second.
With all due respect Sir: When you say get together with Russia to fight ISIS, you should consider vice-versa. OPEC is BAD
I live with Muslims-they are beautiful and peaceful. ISIS wears masks (can be anybody) and are just bait. Go after Satan.
do not turn this into a "holy war." It is a violation of human rights pure and simple. #HumanRightsViolations #PeacefulMind
What would you know about fighting back. ALL TALK - NO ACTION. Just lies, false promises and FAKE POTUS heading to W.H.
TRUMP TERRORIST are EVERYWHERE...YOUR NEIGHBOR? YOU going to nuke neighborhoods to get rid of radicals? Out of touch!
je n'est comprend pas comment on pe dire de betisse lol ....
lol
Christians in the U.S kill 20 thousand Americans a year using guns. But hey,you keep preaching ignorance and fear, PeeStain
actually 30 thousand not 20k
My good muslim tennants tell me they were chased out of their homes by black Africans in Morocco and Chinese and hindus buy
They are just thugs, a diversion from the world invasion of Hindus, Chinese and  their pure breed Olympic medalist blacks
YOU SAY SLAUGHTER BACK
I SAY BE YOU BE BLESSED WITH GODS GRACE TODAY N EVER
AMEN
I support you 100% Trump.  Guarantee. Soon all the. Protesters will also
. Soon i hope. We cant let them keep. Doing this to our country.
NONE OF THIS IS ABOUT RELIGION. IT'S ABOUT POWER, CONTROL.
看好你做美国总统  支持你
Vip,Xhimpace,(Yo),and el Trumpetista Valiente,are i comand.its means DONE.4 MORE DASY TO SEE DREAMSCOMETRUE
With you as President, the time is now. Thank you President Trump.
And fighting doesn't necessarily means with ammunition.
America will fight back soon as 01/20 gets here and Trump gets up on the inauguration stage and tells Obama "you're fired!"
What the hell r u talking abt when u r so unkind/mean except to anyone offering you money - yr greed is such/
When you come into office!
It'll probably have to wait until we're done cleaning up the mess you made.
. You are so cluless...
No comment to a man  who wants to go to the White House and needs to Twitter!
But he likes the uneducated!
No questions!
Let not your heart be troubled!
yes time to manage US citizens attacking US citizens.More US guys killing than terrorists: http://usuncut.com/news/guess-which-terrorist-group-killed-most-americans/ …
I've been fighting against religion for a long time. You only want to fight against religions that boost your ratings.
Have you considered the Wright Brothers as performers at the inauguration?   Ask Mike Pence.  They are Hoosiers!
you do realize that the more we fight back the more reasons they have to attack again? When will this stop?

you know it sugar!
Donald please help us remove Islam from America! We do not want what is happening in Europe
maybe thy just don't have the guts to
jan 20th
Historical context is irrelevant. Poverty and colonialism are not factors here.
Soo sad!  Already you are  encouraging  hope.  EVIL needs to be dealt with!
#ONENATIONUNDERGOD
keep it up good man
Negotiation is the Key war destroys
perro
... Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya jog your memory?! Thankfully after wading in it looks like the US has cured terrorism!
Sir we're actually engaged in several clandestine operations that you'd know about if you took the briefing.
there is no religious thteat there is englidh deep state the sntichrist and her terrorist mr president
Also to what will you do to stop ISIS from turning our young white American teens to extremists and join them here in USA
we are, but not everyone whom came from that area is a member of ISIS
Can we also fight back against the hateful policymakers who are making purely religious threats toward LGBT Americans?
lead the world in fight back, wait for your news on 20 January
Will you stop funding ISIS Donald?
That is the kind of hatred your loyal supporters have.  The profanity and  name calling only make them & you look bad.
probably when you get the love you desperately want from your father... So never...
: नववर्ष की शुभकामनाएं, आप सम्पूर्ण विश्व देशों से हथियार न बनाने एवं न हीं बेचने का आग्रह करेंगें मानवता की रक्षा करेंगें।
http://www.learnprogress.org/trump-paying-1-per-hour/ …
their idea of god is a farce.They are a cult and want to control the world by intimidation through conversion or death!
we have to fight them & vet the refugee and anyone coming from ME

I doubt you were raised to know Right from Wrong. Neither were ANY of your appointees.
it's your Fight now can't wait......Loud mouth
As soon as someone say's "You're not a bigot, or racist" and "You won't go to jail"! Oh ya, free ammo too!
I
why are you liberal's in such denial,and so misdirected by the liberal agenda.
when you are sworn in.
if you're going to quote somebody you should learn how to use quotations. There are typically two sets.
@Kimberly_BW
What do you fucking mean fight back ???
we all know WHO is going to start fight back thank you Mr President Trump
no close quote = confused as to when the murderer's words end and yours begin
ON January 20th
Did they ever have any dignity?

Merkel must gone
Too much politically correctness
you seek.  Good luck, hopr you do it.
just go to youtube and enter the disclosure project.  Or Dr Grear (sp?).  Ok im done. Dont blow it off if the TRUTH IS WHAT
letters people will send out plus other measures if something happens to me.  Just by telling you about this puts me atrisk
AFTER YOU DO PLEASE GET BACK TO ME TOBLETBME KNOW YOUR THOUGHTS &TO MAKE SURE IM STILL ALIVE.   JUST LIKE GREAR, I HAVE....
The TRUTH WILL SET ALL OF US FREE.  IM NO NUTCASE TO BE SURE, QUITE THE OPPOSITE ..JUST LISTEN TO HIS LECTURES ON UTUBE.
who , if you sat down with him you would literally feel sick when you learn the truth.  Its scary information but the truth
who killed Marilyn Monroe and jfk too and WHY.  AS PRESIDENT KNOWLEDGE IS POWER.  DR GREAR IS THE ONLY HUMAN BEING ON EARTH
ITS SCARY, HE HAS PROOF, ALL LOCKED AWAY.  THEY DONT KILL HIM BECAUSE HES WELL CONNECTED....JUST LISTEN. YOU MIGHT LEARN
knows him, but sen Dashal was too scared to do anything about it.  Its THE TRUTH ABOUT OUR OFF THE BOOKS BLACK GOVERNMENT
THIS FULL TIME.  PLEASE, WHAT CAN IT HURT FOR YOU TO GO TO YOUTUBE AND LISTEN TO THE DR. GIVE HIS LECTURES. SEN. DASHAL
room physician, Dr Grear.  He believes in this "TRUTH" SO MUCH HE GAVE UP BEING THE HEAD OF A HOSPITALS ER. AND IS DOING
Dear Mr Trump, this will take 3 or 4 tweets, please have patience.   Please go to youtube and listen to a emergency room
what!
you should address all the lies that have been told to the minority's in this country before battling anyone.
you are just totally illiterate and not fit to run the country!
Trump does not act like a president Trump does not speak like a president Trump does not write like a president ignorant!!!
Trump is it grammatically incorrect as usual!
Hopefully when you get into office we won't have to worry about being slaughtered. Because we will have a real Leader!
when strong leaders like you make it happen
yeah Ms. trump, when?
Liberals suck on Twitter blablablaw- blaw- bla.grow up and get a pair
their so called God,is false!they do Not serve YHWH the true only living God on high!its sad that the Devils do this evil
and threatening to register and deport muslims is not a religious threat. When you do it, no problem. Interesting.
@jenbrunelle2 Amen to that, Mr. Trump..We are at war with Islam... TERRORISM has to be stopped!
sounds like "Christian" terrorist 2 me when U post like that ALWAYS wait til u have complete info b4  blaming one religion
no one is going to do this this idea is injected by your wrong politicians of america you interfere every where
Islam is a totalitarian ideology; world conquest is its goal. It must be classed a tot. ideology >>> fought as such.
those aren't very presidential words
You constantly write about fighting and enemies. What about piece? Stop that war in your head! Bring people together!
Please let them know. They are doing same in Nigeria. Sec Kerry visited Nigerian but only went to Emire of Kano. (Islamism)
Stay strong!
Maddog was an excellent choice. Understand military personnel respect him & his philosophy. Doesn't needlessly waste lives.
We need to fight the real threat not false media manipulated paranoia.  Keep listening to experts who know the score.
The American people who realize the threat around us stand with you.
did he really say that? How do you know? Are you lying, Donald? Prove that he said this or you're just as bad as Hillary.
You are the threat and hatred!!! America HATES YOU!
WAIT TIL BARON IS OLD ENOUGH TO FIGHT. SEND YOUR KIDS NOT OURS
if you actually took Security briefings instead of watching Fox News you would know this country and others are fighting 
George Soros pays for this evil & must be indicted for Treason against the United States of America! He says he is a God!
Obama and Merkel wants to destroy christainity glad Trump won  it's god plan to destroy anti-Christain ideologies
U CREATED YOUR OWN HATEFUL CAMPAIGN!
get off twitter. If you want to spread an important message do so somewhere that allows more than 140 characters... sheesh
The Lord is my Shepherd, whom shall I fear? Answer: no one but God himself who is my Creator and my Judge, yet my Savior!
https://twitter.com/markiplier/status/814933632125173760 …
We need help I was all most one of the numbers
Lucy: "WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU?!" 

when can we, you just so go..its your call man !
By your logic, when ur supporter who attended ur rally, had a big sign on lawn 4 you, shot a cop he represents YOU, all your supporters! Ass
Oh, right, you were really quiet on that cop killing. U should B so quiet re: all. No condolences 2  family or did you send inappropriate PM

the USA will fight back when you take office Mr. President
one tweet, one trout. This isn't a journal.
Let me get this straight...Kill them because they said kill us?  When will you realize bombing them won't make them friends
just like you want to hate and ban all Muslims right?
where have you been? Religion has been a source of violence since forever.
& take over America. It's on DAVID M LYNCH'S MOVIE, along w/a 5 yr old girl holding a butcher knife saying, "kill the jews"
