.@realDonaldTrump and then you follow it up with a RT that Kaine looks like an evil crook! You don't look like an evil crook, YOU ARE
RT = retweet
Not looking so good now after your disgusting comments regarding woman surfaced.
u talking about ivankas titties
did he delete the original tweet?? goddammit
no I don't think do. Did you Donald??
, The hot mic remains undefeated and exposes true colors.  There is no recovery from this.
Finally. Unless things change Clinton will Kill more jobs than even Obama did. Freedom means putting america First.
Don't know what your talking about.. Industry's change, #GovFundedCollege could improve your life.
Pence very dangerous because he LOOKS and SOUNDS normal.  Sociopathic liars both.
investigate on Hillary's  and Bill's  interests in Haiti.  Mining? Dominican voters might shift
low life man. Our founding fathers are rolling in their graves.
obviously speaking of @timkaine and @HillaryClinton Thanks for noticing. @cuyahoga4hill @cuyahoga4hill #womenweighin
#WomenAgainstTrump
That didn't take long to end. Three days. I should sue.
Speaking of looking good, I need your advice. Do I palm her pussy like a ball or use two fingers in a "come hither" motion?
so we can begin with you telling the truth? Or how about releasing your taxes?
@faagifts It's time for your campaign to tell us how you are going to get the corruption out of our government - JUSTICE !
You're Nuts.
when Donald walked and stood right behind Hillary, what was he thinking? #OMG
grab them by the pussy
enough trump time to grow up and deal with this race as an adult. How can anyone support you? Enough enough
WHO has "White Privilege" ????

https://www.healthyheadlines.co/headlines/coal/chelsea-clintons-wealth-surpasses-her-parents-bill-and-hillary/?s2=CCCC …
BULLSHIT! !! BEGIN??? NOW???? WHAT WERE YOU DOING B 4???
. @realDonaldTrump thoughts on these two? 
#VPDebate
Two liars.
Obama took 2 million dollars from vet s give it to illegally must stop
you need to attrack new blood.  Your base is not enough.  Listen to Newt
legs or breast?
Hurricane Sandy wiped Romney off the map. #Matthew gonna do that to you?
please tell them just about import things and that you refuse to waste time discussing Hillary's mostly false actuations
get out of the gutter and leave Bill alone.  You need to go after the big issues.  Let her be on the defense.  Wiki leaks.
Pence obviously finds you indefensible!
so the terrorists that are being released from gitmo are more redeemable then 50 million trump supporters. REALLY SAD

Pence literally is not aware of what his own running mate has said. Look up TRUMP NUCLEAR COMMENTS ON YOUTUBE.
Donald, talk about the real estate taxes you pay. You do pay taxes!!
Just like you looked straight in the camera and lied
- This was obviously not tweeted by you. Unless you accidentally made a positive statement. You can only be negative.
BULLSHIT DEBATE
you aint never looked good

@springerpappy  PLEASE STOP TWEETING!!!!
@springerpappy Pence nailed it, temperament, pivot, stayed on message, stop Tweets!
Was that a joke ??
Preparation is the key! Advisers, please do more rehearsals with T on how to deflect, stay on offence, and not taking bait
I know you and Mr Pence are the best by far I have ever had the chance to vote on in my 43 years on this earth
President Trump they say you don't respect women What do you think about how Kaine showed 0 respect to the woman moderator
cleaning up your messes? Facts all proved honest by Kaine Pence did not defend you. Looks like Pence distanced from you.
you're delusional! You're anti American for not supporting our country! Hope you do  for tax evasion
Shut Up T Rump...you have a severe case of NPD...
Just show us YOUR tax returns#TaxReturns#Trump#Transparency#BSArtist#DumpTrump #KingOfDebt#Liar#Bigly#Hypocrite#Genius
Do it Trumpie!  Be focused, disciplined, and try to be normal....Just for a month!!!!
I SWEAR TO GOD IF YOU DON'T PRACTICE FOR THE NEXT DEBATE NONE OF US WILL VOTE FOR YOU
I see you kept your first campaign promise to hire the right people for the job! Good job boss man!  #VPDebate

@MoniqueCook20 , Amen Trump, I love the fight in you. Got my vote.
did a great job last week @GovPenceIN did a great job tonight #focus # program# leadership of change.
only one winner tonight. That's right, Team Hillary
Victory declared.  We're almost there!!!
Kaine on Russia..."Trump doesn't pay taxes". Uh, what?  Go home Kaine, you're drunk...
wrong!!!
Pence was dignified, to the point, kept his cool. It was a good night Kaine was a joke
Kane belongs in the basement!
GR8 Debate, Pence was calm & determined.. He won.
Kane never really answered any questions that he was asked.
Pence, did well.  Lesson learned, now go get her
#VPDebate @GovPenceIN & @timkaine:
You've gotto ask which VP is better fit to be President if something happens to the Pres
if hrc and Kaine want to be pro choice fine.. Why should I pay for your birth control
our border and police unions and ice are all up against the elite and the media. Clearly that means the Democrats are lying
Release your tax returns.
Kane is a lying crook just like Hillary.
I hate the saying painting with a broad brush @timkaine #pencewon #VPDebate
gingerbums Trump is an evil crook!
you go Mr. Kaine!!!!!
you sir will not tell me what to do with my body.
pence said no abortion for 12 yr old girl, raped by her father.  Adopt child out but don't tell adoptive parents
let women make own decisions, not the government, & not your church.
I just fell in love with kaine & his separation of church & state
This debate is the biggest fucking kangaroo court! The biggest goddamn thing I've ever seen. Fucking so sick.
just because you lie doesn't make it true Pence!!!!!
Trump is a crook, con man and a Knuckle dragger!
Trump is a coward!!!!!
the Clinton Foundation helps people around the world!
Trump steals from his own foundation
trump wants to be a dictator like Putin.  Pence sounds like a childish bully definitely not a leader
Trump is an ass over and over again, lying over and over again. Who believes this fool?
@Trumpertarian Pence is very distinguished, polite and knowledgeable. Nice pick for VP!
@mike_pence @timkaine # And Tim Kaine shows absolutely no class , he is a dirtbag bully!!!
Trump stop kissing Putin's ass!
Pence cannot defend Trump!
bring up Benghazi
Taurus you need your a-s whipped!
Taurus does your mother know you are supporting Trump?
Pence won this.
Kaunda is just as rude as Hillary
Son you are tripping!
Taurus Rachel you have been smoking too much
Pence is great what a gentleman go Trump
Pence lies!!!!!
he already talked about this stalling for time
Pence is a Trump flunky!
pinched pince looks & sounds like a pimp for DON the CON
pence is in way over his head
pence looks at some prompt in the audience, then writes something.  Watch his eyes
please talk up the Clinton movie You r my President
Trump is not ready for prime time!!!
Pence lies almost as much as Trump!
plastic Pence
when is she going to ask a controversial questions about Hillary??5th. Amendment? Crooked FBI!ignoring supbeonas??
Pence is phony. He is not believable!
Kane is a closet gay.  I feel sorry for his poor wife.
why didn't Trump fight in Vietnam Nam?
I want Trump to tell my husband he is weak because of has PTSD. He fought in Vietnam Nam!
you and your team are pitiful. You could have made a difference instead you made a disaster.
This is not a game. This is about the leadership of our country you fool.
the moderator must have been paid by Clinton
@GeeVeeM @Susiesentinel @mike_pence @timkaine  only 
pence, not a friend of women. Neither is Trump.
Pence is not prepared!
Pense loosing big time.  Poor guy defending Trump.  Pense career is dust
Pince looks pinched. Trump wants war, everyone I talk with it's their first concern
how is Trump going to  defeat Putin? 
Putin is killing children in Aleppo!!!!!
isn't Putin Trump's friend?
it's over #ImWithHer
UR "boy" is getting his ass kicked all over that stage. LOL...UR "boy" is as full of crap as you are Donald. Unbelieveable.
Aleppo?
why does no on tell Kaine to shut up and wait his turn....no control over debate..or the media
Hillary's e-mails were not hacked!!!!!!
Pence  is laughing at Trump quotes
Dad!!!!
you can't discriminate depending what country people are coming from.
only Mike Pence looks good....
MP has your back. Keep fighting great soldiering
Pence is looking weak!
Obama killed Bin Laden
bush started an unnecessary war!
bush negotiated the troops out of Iraq!
DAV FOR A CONSERVATIVE PROVEN WINNER
Please...Kaine looks he is there for the shrimp buffett. LOL #TrumpPence16 #MAGA #A2 #LawAndOrder
all of you people belong in the basket of deplorables!!!!
And you belong in the basement!
pence is not ready for prime time!
The moderator is not letting Pence talk!
Pence is looking great. Sadly Elaine is giving Kaine more air time.
ha Mr. Pence avoids answering the questions.
#Kaine is a clown, makes a great mate 4 crooked Hillary
Nobody can save you from yourself. You should be running for VP and Pence should be in the driver's seat. Got it? Good.
go Mike pence
Mike Pence is destroying his career, for you, trying to support issues he does not belief in.
cause caine is rude? Don't think so
Interruptions yes, hard to just listen to someone who you know is lieing.
time to stand up on the truth.
dems didn't do it in the past . Let's get on a NEW CONSERVATIVE WINNER. Trump proven winner. Dems documented loser
Impressed with Mike Pence... the parts they're letting us hear anyway. #vpdebate
It's a pleasure to be witnessing the next #VP on live TV   With #TrumpPence16 , America WILL be great! #BigLeagueTruth  
pence looks calm and sharp, this guy is out of control
stfuuuuu
mmm, hmmm! Let's go!
kaine is almost crying
Killary must be so upset at him haha
pence needs to take control!  Tell Kaine to let him speak!
@Momfullofhope Pence Needs to look at Kane when he talks over him and say . This is the dems prob all talk no listen
Mr. (future) President; We need you and @mike_pence more than ever!  America is crying out for leadership!  #VPDebate #MAGA
ok doof.
Pence's microphone isn't working.
only Pence !! Class all the way
who can shut the guy in the red tie up
. Cain is getting more time by interruptimg and moderator is not stopping him
- Pence is not able to finish his responses because he keeps getting interrupted !!
not Kane, he's just as evil as HILLARY!!!!!
@P0TUSTrump both? No....only 1 and that would be @mike_pence ! 󾓦󾓦󾓦
Hey #ElaineQuijano -- KAINE is the one who is interrupting. So lecture him, not Pence. #VPDebate
yep, there he goes again! @mike_pence is actually a good debater. He doesn't get ruffled. Kaine gets ruffled every 5 words
@magnifier661 Pence has pushed Kaine's buttons, loving it!
it's very difficult to enjoy, Gov Kaine is interrupting Gov Pence every 3 secs, talking over him-very rude
DONALD HIL LIED SAID LAWYERS READ ALL EMAILS THATS HOW THEY DETERMINED PERSONAL 33,000 - BUT THEY DIDNT SO ITS A LIE
Pence should thank Kaine's  son's service and suggest he say a prayer of thanks he wasn't serving in Benghazi under Sec HRC
Kaine  can't let @mike_pence finish a answer WTF
why does Kaine get to talk so much and not Pence, without Kaine interrupting!!
@HillaryClinton where is the US flag label pin on Kaine??!!  what an embarrassment
Excellent choice for VP 
Mr Trump!
Then she must release the entire records of the Bill, Hillary,Chelsea foundation-including Donors & how much!
Donald tell the moderator to shut Kaine up!!!!   Pence can't even talk without him taking up his time!!!
Kaine is so rude interrupting can someone glue his mouth shut when it's not his turn to speak?
you pick3d a winner. pence is a gentleman and Kaine is obnoxious
@emperorphil Kaine doesn't. All talking points
Kaine is an arrogant pompous ass!!!
Maine is an asshole. Hit him hard Mike.
If he don't stop I'm turning this thing off
DONALD RUN ADD HILALRIES LIES REP GOWDY AND COMEY CONGRESSIONAL HEARING
how about putting cops on bill
I wish Kaine would quit interrupting
