. That is ridiculous. Maybe u shld become an ofcr & show them how to do it better
. U just keep getting more ridiculous.  Wow.  
. Their intelligence
. I know u want to blame all troubles on the police.  I'm assuming u won't call them if u need help.  Have an amazing day
Stop and Frisk is unconstitutional AND RACIST!
No it's not unconstitutional. Look it up and stop believing the MSM
http://www.factcheck.org/2016/09/is-stop-and-frisk-unconstitutional/ …. It's unconstituional in my book and obv. many others.
It's a matter of LAW. Not what you think. Oh my....
And NY law ( where I live), found it to be illegal. Keep trying.
No that's not true. You need to be more informed
You need to learn to do research. It IS true.
Judge refused to rule on it doesn't make it law


Please share this/help...a Hero in need of help https://www.gofundme.com/policeptsd-cancer … see @JosephLocus 
as long as you're white.
In the time it took to say this, 5 more bodycam videos of officers murdering black ppl were posted
. Give me a break.Maybe u mean blacks killing each other. Where is the outrage for that

Hilliary certainly doesn't look in control of herself. How does she expect to have control if this country! She is not well
Trump should be locked up in an INSANE ASYLUM
 u liked your own tweet. Are u a man? u look like a man in drag.












Racist ! You wouldn't even know it even if you had a cone one your head !
No but trump pence sessions bannon price et all are a force for racism Making it harder for blacks and other minorities to vote
good man in the earth
ohly
How about raising their pay and giving them good health care insurance? Republicans vote against.
Law states that if u Lie under oath lik Sessions did, he Shud be fired lik Flynn! Law n Order Liar.
All of you are doing a great job. Keep up the good work.
BULLSHIT POLICE! #ImpeachTrump #RefugeesWelcome #largerhands #ResistTrump #RESISTANCE
wahooo !!!
really why so
THEN WHY DO THEY CONTINUE TO SHOOT PEOPLE WITHOUT JUSTIFICATION AND NO CONSEQUENCES
I
Hillary
In any and/or every group there needs ethic cleansing and compliance with Constitution.Courts too.
@berniesanders @housefloor @cnnbrk @abcnews @cbsnews @whitehouse @msnbc @foxnews @cspan Trump:TAX?
what an amazing interview tonight with Sean Hannity.  Great presence fabulous message Bravo Bravo
...if u would ask the kind peace keeping officers to STOP KILLING YOUNG BLACK MEN!!!!IN COLD BLOOD..

lots of them abuse the fuck outta people. Duh
they are racist. Most of my Uncles and Cousins are police  officers. U would be racist 2
You can believe whatever you want, but you can't be truth deniers.
and shouldn´t work with nazis in professions to kill or torture children, stay good for all!
AMEN!
#NOTMYPRESIDENT #NOTMYVICEPRESIDENT
Then they must stop killing us.  Dr Mylinda.
@ NO WARS PEROID  NO EXPECTION. BOTH SIDE MUST  SOLVE FROST NO WARS !!!!!!!!! Now I am afriad will be happpn god help
Amen God bless you.
of course, you don't believe there is racism you knucklehead!
ABUSERS
when you both get in you need to put harder stuff on the left because there are going to bring the black lives matter on Jan 20
More funding for cop first response training!!!!!
I agree but in the battlefield a cop needs training to minimize the casualties that can be saved
I hope yall can do something about gas prices.  Keep them from going sky high
I totally agree .  I just gave  gifts to the glynn county and brunswick ,  ga police . Shootings bad
No abortion after 6 weeks.  I don't believe in any.  Babies have a right and did not ask conceived.
its not to have a belief.  it's nicer to believe in fact.  fairy tales r what I told my daughter
All normal patriotic Americans agree with the Vice Pres Elect!

my ex husband was a NYC police officer.He said as a fact that 90% of crime is black. This does not improve their image does it
Trust, and loyalty to our country and ALL her people!!
Amen brothers!
Send The Dreamers Home !
Welfare Needs More Investigators @ Sqweeze The Food Stamp Programs / Work Part Time For Stamps.
Not in full testomy but would like an interview and help. https://youtu.be/3Zh8LAVIaoU 
Thats right. We should all be standing behind the brave men and women who keep our nation safe.
@
+q
And you are giving @HillaryClinton a "Get-Out-Of-Jail" pass why?
bring thanksgiving goodies to your home town police  they will be working to protect us cops rock
amen
you can always believe what you want, and then there's the truth
Hurrah for Trump and Pence!
congrats, so happy
Amish seeking ride to polls to beat Clinton, spread word out to help them
Thanks for inciting the ambush of 2 fine officers KKK supporting u is not a good thing. Trump=Violence
Blue lives matter, cops matter, we all matter!  Thank you law enforcement for your service! 
Who is us? Stop and frisk was the most racist policy enacted toward black men. I certainly don't feel safe.
Hillary went 2 BLM meeting but wont talk 2 police. Who side is she on?
please just talk about what you dud at Gettysburg. No suing either
no they don't!  Police are the most racist thugs around.  Bunch of hoodlums!
take out full page ads in all those corrupt papers telling the public the truth and your policies
.Hi! Mike Pence I don't understand why Donald Trump say badthings  Philippine I  American Philippine
So draft dodger u lied about taxes,business record,sex crimes,
Charity,cuba,& on & on & on (LOSER)
......What are you going to do to help Senior Citizens?
YES REMEMBER OUR POLICE ,LAW FORCE OFFICERS...
fyi you can respect someone and still recognise and help them with a problem...
Amen Gov Pence
stop and frisk is good? You LUNATIC!
unless they are Mexican or Muslim right. How soon will you build your camps?
invite Danny Williams to next debate and ask Clintons if All black lives matter.
Donald Trump for President! Please just stay on message! Tweets POSITIVE FEEDBACK ONLY!
Thank you!
I am anti-Clinton. BUT some  local cops are a force for racism & abuse of power. Realignment needed.
@KirtonIii
It is all contingent upon which community you speak of.  Trump supporter
Men AND WOMAN? - Maybe you, but all trump cares about is grabbing them by the "pussy". Nuff Said.
please Donld we want you for president you will straighten out the USA.
pence you are the BEST
your fake pence.
not all of them r a force 4 good. Ask Officers Borst & Hunnewell. Stop pretending it doesn't exist.
@JanMorganMedia @mike_pence @realDonaldTrump
Something we agree upon 100%.
Trump is a force for racism, not law enforcement
donald needs to appoligize quickly on sundays debate needs to come right out and do that imediatly
YOU FOLLOW THE LAW TO START WITH - http://wapo.st/2dSZ3dE 
@realPamelaAnne @mike_pence @realDonaldTrump  Cops don't care about race. They profile according to how your acting.
@seanspicer DJT has yet to demonstrate he respects anyone, 4 months has disrespected many groups&people
YESSS @mike_pence
and he also says he's not a racist. Even though he classifies people negatively solely on their race
Losers
oftentimes thankless.  They are upholding the law by stopping law breakers.
Those who have law enforcers  in their families understand what a difficult job it is.
@Trump_World @mike_pence @realDonaldTrump
What are you going to do to keep minorities from being profiled shot and killed thru Stop and Frisk?
The incompetent, "scared" and prejudice ones have been killing unarmed black men for no reason
FTP and ur punk as wife
@MAGABIGLY
awesome
If They had a good reason to twist my arm till it almost  broke. And My car is put in the lot. SMH
I was a victim of police brutality in California. It was 2006. I didn't know at the time.
Mike Pence clearly won the VP debate in my mind.
you got that right! Even God said respect authority Romans 13.
if we are going to end racism in America we're going to have to quit highlighting  it by talking about it.
That's until they start killing unarmed white men/teens then all hell will break loose!
seriously no one ever said that. The problem is institutional racism. @team trump denial is more than a river in Egypt
Be the first group to Florida after hurricane
#PoliceLivesMatter #police #neverHILLARY #voteTrump
.
CORRUPT MEDIA IS PART OF THE PROBLEM.  Look at this !!

@TeamTrump @DanScavino @mike_pence @realDonaldTrump @NetworksManager @cnn @latimes
jastone@ikedog101 i believe in law i live houson tx i love our sheriffs and constables none better
Most of us believe most cops aren't. They protect and lie for those who are though. Square that.
you guys sound as if you are from the alla land. When you wake up you will find out where you are
which planet do you guys live you both sound like you are from lala land
Until liberal liars like Obama &Hillary get involved. Stir the pot to get the pathetic vote.

It'll be a first for you. @joyceannmccoy11
so does watching the Simpson's
Mike Pence did great job especially highlighting their faults  (lies corruption etc)
much needed. Just the idea of backing them will raise their moral you gotta win!!?
