No, Black Lives Don't Matter to Donald Trump & never did. You are a liar.
Oh We believe you #FatBoyTrump
He's so ignorant he doesn't even know how government works. He thinks he's going to be an emperor.
my kitty
He's lovely!
so is yours
Thank you!
we must get back to work with respect as a person in this country. Crooked Hillary & establishment want to slave us all
Inner city crime is at historically low levels nation wide & still trending down #lyingsackofshit
I'm sure it's a comfort they'll get shot by white people now.
If u act like you gave a DAMN abt minorities instead of pandering to angry Whites from the start MAYBE U'D get our votes!
Trump is a racist and has absolutely NO love for  especially black ppl. Look at our he talks about blacks.
U want our VOTES, YET this is what you think of BLACKS! U don't deserve our votes!
and Hillary thinks people are white trash, basement dwellers and black are super predators
@soulsoarer @ColeCol66213932 @realDonaldTrump
https://youtu.be/X0tVZU2o0VE 
https://youtu.be/AciKPKBtTGo 
Hillary Clinton"is the 1 that labeledAfrican-American youth  ‘superpredators
When have you ever cared. People can't live on a golf course or afford your hotel. Build affordable housing if you cared.
Whites caused the slaughter to be worse.
You should really seek help. We won't judge.
https://i0.wp.com/thinkprogress.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/b.jpg?w=842&crop=0%2C0px%2C100%2C874px&ssl=1 …
Because of you
Violent crime has dropped since the 1990's. Just can't tell the truth,can you?#basketofdeplorables
U know U BETTER keep talking SHIT like this on tv & internet b/c U BETTER NOT say this offensive SHIT N their presence!
Even in his tweets, @realDonaldTrump can't bring himself to talk directly to African Americans. Just about them.
Every one of these boastful tweets @realDonaldTrump posts about black people should prompt another look at at his history with them.
We've known who @realDonaldTrump is for decades now. ("We" being people of color.) Me, on his Central Park Five ad.
You guys are all racist note that we are all the same color melanin just different shades guys ain't nothing but raised baiters Get Wrecked.
.@realDonaldTrump notice how racist Trump never discusses the drug overdose epidemic and rates of domestic violence in white communities.
He did mention drug OD epi in NH, but positioned it as "evil Mexicans are bringing in heroin and ONLY I can stop it"
interesting. So racist Trump's position is a similar position to that of the equally racist Gov. LePage of Maine.
I would say identical
Liar, liar, pants on fire!  Spoken like a Politician, yes, you are a politician and you don't fund your own campaign. Liar.
YES u WILLHILLAREE campaign struggles where r  for HRC/BHO/IRS/ *TRUMP* 4 all AMERICANs.
@P0TUSTrump HAS ANYONE HEARD IF THE AUTOPSY REPORT EVER CAME BACK FROM SETH, THE GENTLEMEN WHO SERVED THE PAPERS.
unless they like living in slavery again on the #Democrat plantation
No you won't . Lie
Why you didnt stop it before running for president? Actions speak loud than words let see you history of helping blacks?
Record lows, that is.
Help the Native Americans please.
what about the inner-city whites responsible for the majority of hate crimes across America?

what a Desperate situation
hopefully by using your body as a bullet shield
for sure American will vote for the chosen one, Real Donal Trump.
Citation, please.
But how, Jackass? How?
Oh, really?  HOW,  Donnie?  HOW?  Promise them anything, right?
U wont stop anything because you're too busy on Tweet.  Get more involved with inner communities.  More #TOWNHALL meetings
@PooberKitty Take the $20,000 per Refugee and spend it on breaking up the gettos, get our people out of that mess. FREEDOM.
puto idiota vete ala verga cara de pito
Yes king Donald. We all know how your magic wand works.
How?
@DiamondandSilk help all of us Mr.Trump
how? By running away? By paying off fla AG? By not paying suppliers? By hiding your tax returns?
said "Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics" @NeverTrump
You are so deluded, it is no surprise that #NoBrainCells & #DementedDonaldTrump are gaining traction on Twitter.
lies
by going in and buying up all the property and making it too expensive for them to live there any more.
Gotta love the pandering  acting like he has a magic wand to stop violence. Good luck...
people like u trump are doin the slaughter.look who is talking.
And, how are you going to do that! Back up your words with some policy.
are you sure about that
I surely  will not vote for trump.
you will put this country in a military lock down, a concentration camp where we have to carry our papers. #Neverevertrump
Trump you're delirious. The majority of blacks won't vote for you.  We know you give less than a Damn about blacks.
t
don't you believe it
and how will you do that? See you say you'll do these things but never say how. You do this you do that but nothing changes
I watch your speeches and read your tweets and I am definitely NOT voting for you. You don't know how the crowd is voting.
how?
How?  How will you stop it?
A leader addresses the affects/effects of problems WITH those coping with the problems, not from afar.
NOPE!!!
Build the wall around Trump Towers after you invite the whole family to stay there. You have tarnished my opinion of them
baloney, nonsense, bull, failed thinking, NUTS
full of it
Inner city folk deserve to raise their children in peace and safety.
you can't stop black on black crimes
Wow, are you just now finding this out, good for you!
, Trump for the people !
will stop the "slaughter" (i.e. gun violence) by, get this, completely ignoring gun violence. Because he knows magic!
The syntax "is reaching" makes no sense. Is this a prediction or a statement? This is stupid on multiple levels. Well done.
@Rose4Justice
while going thu Internet it said something about you dropping out I cant find again. Don't know  about internet.are you,??
saw. Not said
keep dreaming you're pathetic
Bigger LIAR than Ted Cruz!!!!!
hhttp://app.ever.pics/Uldk/HfcW0IQsZv U r so ridiculous! U've nevr been 2 A-A neighborhood to know. YOU R JUST BIG LIAR!
worcester massachusetts we need state police worc cop cannot handel allthese ilegal gangs
I think so too %
What exactly is your plan to stop the slaughter in the inner cities? More police? More jail time? Smh. Let's see a plan.
How will you do this?
bwahahahahahahahahaha
I am a prior law enforcement professional and military veteran from Texas. I want to work for you Mr.  Trump
I think this is how Robocop started.
Read this @leodunson @WayneDupreeShow @AllenWest @THEHermanCain  @PastorDScott
actually about 85% of crime is from Americans so I would stop talking
Chicago needs the Nation Guard on the streets Mr Trump ! It's a War Zone on the streets of Chicago.Something must be done.

YOU AINT GONNA STOP SHIT A PRESIDENTS POWER IS WHAT CONGRESS SAYS IT IS SO STOP LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
I would vote for a old yellow dog before I would vote Trump.  The dog would be more honest and smarter
Just allow the police to do the job we hire them to do , and encourage good police work!
CHAMPION the benefits of Charter Schools, esp for poor families, Mr. Trump! It's PROVEN to help them. Black moms LOVE THEM!
and how, exactly? By giving them tiny handfuls of Cheetos?
you must be in favor of marijuana laws because you are clearly high if you think that to be true.
My Dad please believe me I've faith that is you the new president i love your vision for the African people
Dream on... who can trust you? Love 'em and Leave 'em Trump. You will do nothing for them, n.o.t.h.i.n.g. And theyknow it.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-xjiXfJ58Q&sns=tw …
but will you stop homophobic and transphobic and racist hate crime?
You are not a superhero. You will not be the President. You always use "I," never "we." You are #weak, #poor #unfit
Star Parker can help w/that. She wld make great member of your team. http://urbancure.com  Go, Trump!
Trump needs to go to the inner city and put his body where his mouth is trying to reach!   Go there like Dr.King did! Go!
@DiamondandSilk LIES! WTF.....
you the reason for the shooting, you & you're kkk buddies
Ya serías Batman, jocker
most do not understand KKK was a democratic founded. Democratic vote means suppression. A 100 yrs of voting in some cities.
What are the benefits you provide for putting an end to police brutality? #MAGA
you should your people put the TelePrompters closer to the center of the stage so you don't look off camera so much

how do you plan to stop the slaughter of people?
you know how to stop the 'slaughter'? Why wait?Why hold out for POTUS? Is a VOTE the only way you'll help?YOU HAVE NO CLUE!
I don't know a black person who is voting for Trump
America is still great under Obama
You refused to rent to successful blacks ,but you now say with1% black support you care. No black votes and defeat in Nov.
please explain how you are going to stop crime in America?????
Why wouldn't rent to blacks? C on their application , Evil Evil!!!!
respect for live of everyone and give people good education that they can have chance for job
Need to emphasize your policies will target big cities. Also that well to do blacks should feel obligated to help others.
Keep talking with them... They don't even realize Killery has used them for generations.
Oh sure. How do u propose to fix that one? Magic wand? #Trumponcrime
@DiamondandSilk but I don't live in an inner city. How will you help ME?
Yessssss!
pandering for votes how about 24.6 million white childrend that live in poverty in the US
if you really believe this you're more if a dumbass than I originally thought.
24.6 MILLION white childrend live in poverty in the US


Long on Rhetoric but zero Solutions#TaxReturns#Trump#Transparency#BSArtist#KingOfDebt#FlipFlop#DumpTrump
Sure you will. Just like you know "more about defeating ISIS than the generals" - Only talk about problems, not solutions
You won't be able to stop it. U are SUCH a liar. All u care about is yourself.  You will lose, have fun loser.
should go ahead & stop the slasher if he can. Why wait to be president?
how?
Did you get this from another made up source? @realDonaldTrump
You weren't around in the 60s were you?
NEVER
Can you give us an idea how you will do this?
who is filling your head full of this shit ?! You have no idea what you're talking about
If I remember right,  breaking up street gangs will be a good start, like you said.
if the Black people want any change they will vote Trump, if not then they get what they wanted, nothing
CLUELESS NARCISSIST
Scrooge,you are the one that encourages violence,hatred & division.Look at the things your brothers in Racism say & do.
Why haven't you done anything in Chicago when you have a TOWER there, Donald?
Does this mean you will try to stop police brutality too?
keep trying, nothing satisfies me more to see loud mouth rich bully got beat by a girl
how you going to do that, by giving these guys a voice again? http://theintellectualist.co/due-to-trump-the-kkk-hopes-to-rise-again/ …
and exactly how do YOU propose to do that?
PUT DOWN THE CRACK PIPE TRUMP!!
How, by killing them all???
we will NEVER vote Trump.says ignorant things, cant articulate how he will deliver his rediculous promises.We dont like you
Just because you say so?   Hohoho, Donald.  Go after the NRA to get my vote.
the rest of us don't subscribe to you "droolbots" theory of unquestioning acceptance. Show the numbers, tell us the fix.
How will U instantly change the generational gang violence and drug use in the hood?  Yep. It official. You're delusional.
never
How the hell will you do that??!! Hitting the BS button...again.
what do you have to say about DeborahPearl,an Ohio mom killed by Matthew Ryan Desha, who used a high-powered assault rifle
... Yeah all of 6% voting for amnesty donald.....SAD!
in my underwear frying bacon,cause this is America!
good morning Mr. Trump hope you have an awsome day!
.@realDonaldTrump Pants of fire, bro. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/aug/30/donald-trump/donald-trump-wrong-inner-city-crime-reaching-recor/ … #StopTrump #TuesdayMotivation #ToWinThisElection
JUST FUCK URSELF FOR US U WILL NEVER GET OUR VOTES SO U DUMB SOB STOP LYING ABOUT US WE WILL NEVER VOTE FOR UR DERANGED ASS
OR R U STARTING A NEW CURRENCY UNDER TRUMP REIGN WHERE POOR GET TI LIVE RICH FIR 1 YEAR TGEN SLAVES OR TGEY CAN STAY AS IS
AHHHHHHHHH
MORE GUNS TO CAYSE FEAR OR KILL EACH OTHER TO GET RID OF AMERICAN SCUM
HOW
how
yeh how
please inform us how you plan to do this. Would love to hear the actual details 
Then explain how! Sound bites are one thing, leading a gigantic and influential country like the USA are another!
how? Any chance you'd elaborate your grandiose statements with some actual policies?
yeah whatever??? Good luck in Mexico. Are they paying for you're trip or are you're donors? Lose/Lose trip for you.
