
don't choke.... artist 
We trust you!!
#MAGA #AmericaFirst 
excited!:3

You are an lligitimate  President who will never unite or successfully govern America.

hopefully it's not Putin's friend.
sure, go ahead, it doesn't matter, your inauguration isn't going to happen #fromRussiawithLove
Greets from Brazil. Read this sweet book 'Revealing Heaven' 5 stars review. https://www.amazon.com/Revealing-Heaven-Eyewitness-Kat-Kerr/dp/1602665168/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1481588757&sr=8-1&keywords=revealing+heaven …
omg plz do tell.  The suspense is killing me
You are an illegitimate president and should be considered an enemy of the state!
we already know
@USAneedsTRUMP
AWESOME Mr. President BTW DRAIN THE DAMN SWAMP!!!
Is it Vald?
And the selection is...

VLADAMIR PUTIN!

#thatssotrump
Can we postpone your Presidency?

featherbedders will see to it. You will finally get over Trumpasised by professional mooches in Wash. DC. Again you suck
Carrier will use its tax break to automate those ‘saved’ jobs out of existence http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/312089/carrier-tax-break-automation/ …
click the link. that's how it works. the sources are in there.
whoopee
let me guess , @SarahPalinUSA  ?
resign
I believe you will make the best choice. Make America great again!
WINNING!
Hilary Clinton would have been a better supposed President than you. Atleast we knew she was corrupt. I voted you and sad
we are behind you president elect Trump. 100% !!!
Disgrace to the public. Great representation of why we shouldn't vote republican. The first and last time i vote republican
Trump Trump trump

you need to fully #divestdonald #DonTheCon #AmericaHatesYou and Soon #Russia will too #PutinsPuppet
assuming you'll still be president-elect after the recount shows Jeb! really won
yours first
I will be doing ANYTHING else, loser.
#FakeNews & Russia didn't call half the country Deplorable or make Hillary stay home & not campaign #RussianHack #MAGA
Yet, when 19 intelligence agencies claim Trump is guilty of treason, they're all wrong, right?
you mean obama,
she doesn't understand that unless you work for govt you'll never be bought up on charges
make announcement of your national personal violence protection director? @Fightlykeagirl  Is willing, able and qualified!
and yet those republicans opposed trump
I hope you see this! Mitt, Rahm, Al, Fiorina. I voted for you. I now think you are crazy. You have some issue with your ego
"Now" you think he's crazy? Better late than never...oh wait.
it's hard to believe what I am hearing and seeing. He seems driven by acceptance. He's still fighting for ratings
This was his modus operandi decades ago. Ask any New Yorker. Also, it was obvious from day 1 of his announcement.
hey laquisha why dont u go back to africa!
Hey Rachele why don't you go back to Europe or the Caucasus mountains?
i am a US citizen, i love this country, the US flag and i voted for trump. So im here to stay!
Either way - you're an introduced species.
@inwardvoice Mr. President we are keeping you in our prayers might and day!
.@realDonaldTrump Rex #Tillerson owns $218 Million in Exxon Mobil stock, how is that not a conflict of interest? https://impressiv.io/mr-trump-nominates-conflicted-exxon-ceo-rex-tillerson-as-secretary-of-state/ …
Why does a Liberal suddenly care about conflict of interest?
why do you suddenly not care?
What about Hillary taking MILLIONS from kings of middle eastern countries.U don't think she would owe them
I'm with you Jeanna
I'm sorry for you both. You'll suffer just as much as the rest of us this presidency except that ur culpable
God bless you too. Oops hope that doesn't offend you
go trump go. You're the best. #MAGA.
Yes Donald J trump is the BEST at conning. He's very smart

bill Clinton was never impeached, more false lies to make your selves look better!
.@realDonaldTrump How exciting, sweetheart! Isn't it fun making big Presidenting announcements? Good luck to you and Vladimir's friend Rex!
Hey Bess, do you have any EVIDENCE?  Someone get the fainting couch.
Tell us is this statement true regarding "Child support in 2018? Payments will stop ?
resign
what is your problem Donald have you missed your Faith in Life and  people wake up
https://www.facebook.com/john.borter/posts/10153563005349229 …
No one with any class or brains will be going to your inauguration, you know that, right Don?
Great choice
don't give it to Romney he's a true hater
FRIEND TANA GOERTZ ON HERE SAID MR.TRUMP WOULDNT WANT ME TO DONATE SO MUCH SINCE I HAVENT WORKED SINCE 2009
I'm very glad that its not going to be Huma Abedin. Anthony Wieners behavior alone disqualifies her. No more perverts!
has to be alternatives to fracking
putin already announced it
You are disgusting and you make me sick!
I don't care.  #FuckYouTrump
still waiting for you to pick sherrif David Clark for a position.  The country needs him
you are now BFF's!
as long as it's not Romney, #MAGA
Making wise decisions will help you in the long run. Helping your buddies won't. Choose wisely. Everyone is watching.
An wealthy oil exec as Secretary of State-not shocked anymore at anything you do. U ran based on lies+you have not changed.
oh the lack of suspense, we all knew exxon would be in charge them and Putin made you president you crook.
thank you for being with us and that I am with you on all that you do
keep your good work up
kms!
Go ahead, GOD help you trump !

Can’t wait to see who you selected and I am certain you made the right decision.See you in the morning.
who gives a fuck
Choose carefully. This is the person who will be working to represent you/us across the world.
you're fired.
Big Oil wins one.
.@realDonaldTrump https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/1347738278652556/ … EVEN FOX NEWS calling you out on Russia
They're m8ving in for the steal.
Already?   do you really know all the finalists?
do your best
I'm sure it will be a stellar pick
ooh, I hope it's a naked dude with a boner
idk what you expect from the opposing party after suggesting that an oil tycoon should become secretary of state...stupid..

So glad it won't be Romney!! T-Rex Right!!!
me?
Are u also releasing your tax returns? Medical records? Amounts of your foreign debt? How u got involved in a rape trial?
Such a great choice for Sec of State. Looking more & more clear your policy of Russia first!
seems u couldnt wait, like a little kid and xmas gifts, gotta share the news?
Donald here again you played America, you announced your Secretary of state in the of news of Russia hacking the election.
Thank you PE Trump for making America your priority.  MAGA
good work Donald. You are an inspiration to other old people to not get old too soon. You and Mick Jagger.
If Russia is blackmailing you better to tell truth now than be impeached later for treason.
if you pick #Tillerson that will confirm your ties to #Putin and open everything up. You won't be #potus @cnn @bbc @foxnews
did Putin approve your choice
#Trump your supporters love you. and appreciate everything you do for us.we are with you!!
not a single human in Congress can hold a candle to Tillerson, either now or in the future! Trump section is to be congrats
I trust your judgment and I am excited to see who you pick :)
great choice
The "suspense" is killing me...NOT.
Is there any substance to the removal of the 'Homestead' tax exemption?
.@realDonaldTrump I'm hoping that it'll be @SenBobCorker in all honesty, but his name hasn't floated around too much, sadly.
#Thats lovely.
lol
please help to negotiate something for people of Aleppo. Children are being massacred by Assad & Russia. You can do it.
. Rex will be a wrong choice as Secretary of state. I suggested making him US ambassador to Russia. Don't make the  mistakes

since no special prosecutor will be investigating the Clinton Foundation for criminality. Waiting for more broken promises
yawn
let me guess- the Hamburglar?
The electors are now being targeted, but we elected you. We are with you to the end. God save us from the NWO.
AND IT WILL SUCK!!!JUST LIKE EVERY OTHER CABINET PICK YOU HAVE MADE...LET ME GUESS...ANOTHER BILLIONAIRE!!! FU
When are you making the announcement of when you will be suing the women that accused you of sexual assault??You are a liar
, Putin's puppet, will name Putin's pick to pump petroleum
.@realDonaldTrump deflecting so story of ur biz partners n Turkey arrested 4 taking part n Turkey coup doesnt freak out #HamiltonElectors?
I have no experience, so can I b part of ur team too?I can help by correcting little mistakes u overlook like, "rediculous"
. Go Elizabeth go!
America will fight for what is right, please do the same.
I think all Cabinet selections have been great but cannot wrap myself around the Secy of State choice!
Oh thanks. That's like the dentist telling you: "in three seconds I'll start drilling". Gives time to prepare for the worst
No doubt another anti-government unqualified choice.  U are a travesty to this nation. Step down & let a real leader lead.
Anyone but @MittRomney ,you can tell #mittromney is lying everytime he moves his lips
Blessings to you 
how long before Trump embarks on "you're welcome tour" through Russia, he'll brag big crowds huge + better than US rallies
is it Kanye?
Yes we know, your very eager to install yet another fascist traitor criminal into yet another agency.
@KetanVora4 In 2013, Putin awarded Tillerson the country's Order of Friendship.The KGB have won.
Firstly no KGB anymore. It is FSB. Tillerson was first to recognise Kurdistan oil independence and moved away from Iraq
Tillerson is no Putin puppet. He has worked globally across Exxon biz spread. Pragmatist and negotiator.
However your point is valid in that others might think chini chini biz. 
Need to review after 6/7 months.
Unpresidented' Trump tweet on China sets off deluge of mockery
Your tweets are making you the biggest butt of a JOKE among world leaders and our country a JOKE of the world.
Let me guess. Spongebob. Nothing from you can be surprising at this point. Your a joke.
We hope you place #RudyGiuliani in a great position too! He is #awesome! Nobody wants #MittRomney 4 ANYTHING! #America #USA
Crooked Hillary
We already know who it is, no suspense with this one lol. Of course you chose another Putin friend, T-Rex. No big surprise.
Make no mistake, Putin is laughing his ass off, at you and us, all so you can use our country like your own personal....
Brilliant !! Eagerly awaiting your choice. 
r
We haven't seen your taxes yet! You can't hide them 4ever! Electoral College coming 4 U!  #NEVERMYPRESIDENT #RESISTANCE B
You may like the podcast: Resisting Trump, on what to do now & organizing for the long haul http://ceh.org/podcasts 
Can't wait to see what all the fuss is about. I never liked MittRomney but I'm not so sure he hurt the Trumpcampaign. #WWE
Do unto others as u would have them do unto u. Why take shots against Clinton u wouldn't appreciate taken against u?
Hope it's John Bolton
That's awesome Donald you are like family to me I have watched everything you do. I have prayed for you & I am on your side
Make Hillary Secretary Again!
A turtle got into Mr. George HARTSOCK's fish pond this week and demolished about seventy of the young fish.
My hope is you will come to your senses and select @AmbJohnBolton. State department needs to be cleaned up.
Well so much for that. 2:20 AM and the press is reporting you picked a Big Oil dude. Big Oil is crushing us. More oil wars.
Energy Secretary, yes. But Secretary of State? No.
Clinton will go on in history as the first woman 2 run 4 president. U will go on in history as the first reality TV pres.
I'm putting my faith in you!
Why is Kenya receiving a giant DDOS attack the day after it told foreign governments to stay out of its election?
Run with your gut DJT No one can out fox YOU.
not today I guess because you have to wait for approval from Putin
@kanyewest is a great choice! 
Everyone you picked is antithetical to their position. A bigoted AG, Science denying EPA, etc... What are you thinking?
I really don't see the big deal w u running ur business :/
I believe in you Trump.
I love your ideas.
Thank you President Trump, for working so hard sir!! And loving our country!, USA, USA, USA!! Merry Christmas!!!
Tillerson is under an SEC investigation.
cmon we are waiting
is it some actor we know?
maybe he/she should have some diplomacy experience. Especially since you're stirring the world cauldron into a shitshow.
kick kicking ass Mr. President, you have given us a renewed hope! Thank you!
I'm sure it's gonna be another major campaign donor that is far from the swamp.
Did Romney really believe he was be considered and not being proven to Bow down for Trump!
Kanye?
On bloody Twitter? Not very Presidential 
....  IMPEACH TRUMP!!!
Dude, we're exhausted of your nonsense already. Can you just go back to being a game show host?
too late MSNBC already told us   Press conference now. We want to see you answer our questions. Now. Don't be afraid. Do it
Pick a hard minded pro-america guy.
gabbrd for sos!
I want go work for you
are you selecting yourself, dressed as the queen? Because these are amazing: https://www.instagram.com/ogtrumpqueen/ 

http://www.ebay.com/itm/262754803029?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649 …
#NEVERROMNEY
you're Rodney Dangerfield in gold shoes and without any humor.
Like we don't know already
is it the hamburglar? #babyhands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCcdr4O-3gE …
I hope it is Mitt Romney. He is a good man. He got side tracked by Jeb and the other Bushes. He will figure it all out.
Will you also be announcing details of the new United States of Russia?
u ditched Romney???? Probably good u did

