Actually, was ur sycophantic supporters & vilification of politicians, cuz u had & still hav nothin real 2 say on policy...
big turn out today. #TrumpProtest
Thank you. Keep your family safe, there are lunatics out there. AND - BUILD the WALL!!!!! PLEASE Build the Wall !!!!
"speaches"
where's these "anti establishment" people u were going to hire???
Fewer people voted for you than Hillary Clinton.

لزمن ولا بد تتصل بالسيسي تباركله وتبقى أول زعيم اتصل بيه بعد فوز ماتش بمصر غانا يا ترمب يا كبير
You won by a landslide!!! Broke through that blue wall!!!!
nope. not a landslide. lost popular vote
Obama didn't win popular against Hillary in 2008 primaries, just won the delegates!
That's not what we're talking about but thanks for playing.
I know what you're talking about, but that's why the Electorates are there. Gore won the popular, doesn't matter.
i have zero interest in continuing this conversation. karma is real and it has your backdoor key. Happy Holidays
Karma is real, which is why the Democrats were absolutely shellacked this election.
aided by GOP / FBI / KGB - induced corruption, yes
Stop. You're embarrassing your children. They just want to stay in the will.
Can't wait for that super secret plan to remove ISIS quickly is put into action!
Follow me if you support Trump!
Great 60 minutes interview!
Your data is not factual
Trump U trial SOON!  NOV 28th!!
but not for child rape. yet.
dropped
under threats of violence. Credible witnesses. There are others. Hundreds? They say he pimped
underage girls, Entirely plausible. 

But I'm sure you're a good Christian. Really.
The system is rigged.

speaches
Meanwhile over CNN Tapper is focusing on Birth Control instead of the big picture. No wonder the media is despised
rigged elections.
a great person with great responsibility... best of luck.
imcluding Hilary who truly does want to HELP ..I believe. .she wants it to..CAN YOU BLAME HER ?  We all are in that pursuit
. I  hope the paid agitaters wake-up and realize that you are POTUS nothing is going to change that. Obama does need to talk
you lost the #popularvote #popularvotesmatter #NotMyPresident
not totally out of the woods yet my friend. According to http://ay.gy/1ffPwp  a electoral college member could go rogue.
quit with this bullshit @realDonaldTrump is the POTUS ELECT. like it or not!!!
not yet. Electoral College serves as a check against lumps of shit with a pulse becoming President
If that doesn't work Ryan & Pence will impeach his amorphous ass by Valentine's Day
Are you worried about that, @realDonaldTrump? Ryan & Pence stabbing you in the back, taking everything...
...you've earned with your freakishly small baby hands? Who CAN you trust? @IvankaTrump? Really?
Trump is Batman, and you're a sniveling, blithering idiot.
Batman is a fictional character, Trump is a psychotic fascist...
It is expectation in a future policy
If the back is good, please make follow
（＾Ｏ＾）（＾Ｏ＾）（＾Ｏ＾）
please protect woman's right
@zoeziz
Voter suppression, russia, lies and hatred gave u the win.  #NOTMYPRESIDENT
What gave him the win is the media who put their opinions above truth! And intelligent people who figured out how to seek out the truth!
I will grant you that the media did Hillary no favors.  But, Trump's lies are real.  You'll see.
Lies? Please explain?
Well, the wall won't happen.  Even Gingrich alluded to it.  We'll just start with that.
CNN at it again. I've been watching them say he's breaking promises. When will they learn! #BoycottCNN
Lol oh no Dump will never break a promise.
please just apologize for at least 1 thing. You've hurt a lot of us and it doesn't seem to matter to you. #wearestillhere
The media hurt you all. By giving you the parts they felt polarizing to so many. If you actually search for the truth about him you'll find
We simply shouldn't have to brush aside his hoard of hurtful actions to find a slither of goodness. Be better. @ChaseX09 @realDonaldTrump
You actually don't have to brush aside a hoard of hurtful rhetoric. His love for people has been evident all along! It's the propaganda!
No, @realDonaldTrump, what gave you the win was not allowing all candidates to be heard in the debates. It’s as simple as that. @UghNotAgain
actually what gave him the win was more electoral college votes
Which is why the electoral college should be abolished, or did @realDonaldTrump change his position on that already too? @UghNotAgain
electoral college protects middle America and less populated area from being ignored - also Hillary didn't win majority (50.2%)
The electoral college was put into place to prevent an unfit individual from becoming President. They vote in December. @UghNotAgain
and you have to have 270 votes to be President. Clinton didn't come close. It was a landslide. All these protests are disruptive.
Well done... only took two tweets to spell a word correctly...


lol did you type that up on word yourself. Hahaha https://www.change.org/p/electoral-college-electors-electoral-college-make-hillary-clinton-president-on-december-19?recruiter=628651943&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink … come on even Fox News says hill won pop vote
I assume that you do understand that America was designed is a Republic and not a popularity contest.
no you just assumed wrong
You are a serial liar. You lie about lying. You get caught lying about lying, and you lie about that, too. Please stop.

fact: surge in new subscriptions, print & digital, with trends, stops & starts, 4 X better than normal.
LOL...yeah that's why they sent out a pleading letter to subscribers.
u did not win!
Yes he did, get over it
no you won because you bashed the opposite side with over 2 million $ of free media coverage, talking trash about them
he won because too many uneducated Americans are expecting him to move mountains that no one else could pft
Nope. That would be the FUBAR electoral college. You have no mandate. #NotMyPresident
Sure he does. You Libs are just poor, pampered babies. Accept defeat and move on. We survived Obama, you'll
We're not irrelevant, we're louder than ever and you whiny little bitches can't take it.
Um, who is whining? The side that lost, yes? Liberal Democrats yes? Do you read the news or watch tv? You are so
You best be applying @ McDonald's, you'll need a plan b when ur serial liar candidate doesn't bring back your job
McD's have standards and are a liberal employer. He wouldn't last a week.
The serial liar lost. She couldn't bring back jobs because she doesn't have a clue how to make any in the 1st place.
Lies and Vladimir Putin gave you the win.....
I'm behind you Mr. President (no homo)
I'm mexican
RT if you still support hillary!

talk about how you plan to heal the country that is so divided over the election.  We do not feel safe
country has been divided for years! Thank you Obama! More deaths and riots over his administration
you're the president-elect, man. Stop tweeting.
But they're so entertaining!
Satan will be leaving the office on 1/21. TRUMP will be supporting christian values, not Muslim
you realize the Muslim religion has the same values as christianianity and is partly based on it
Did you ever read the Koran?It says to kill the infidel, which are christian That's just one fact
one part of it says to be nice to other religions like in the bible there's happy god one half vengeful
on the other half, also Jesus is a prophet in the Koran it never points out christianity
Muslim faith is in Mohammed our faith is in JESUS CHRIST OUR SAVIOR. YOUR RELIGION OFFERS 72 VIRGINS. lol
What gave us the win was your leadership, and not giving up!
No, the Republican Establishment and the Electoral College gave you the projected win.
Actually, it was not supposed to go that way: https://twitter.com/AnarchyOutlaw/status/796035332642865153 … @realDonaldTrump
See what I mean? I saw the election results last week leaked out from a news website. I wasn't joking abt this election being rigged. 
Well, you can conspiracy theorist in a corner. Regardless, Trump needed the Republican Establishment to win.
LMAO... With all of those Republican's against him.
<sarcasm>Sure, that's how he won.</sarcasm> @realDonaldTrump
Sir, he just made Reince Priebus his Chief of Staff. RNC Chair. Next up: political outsider Newt Gingrich!
You're behind: Gingrich is up for Secretary of State if he chooses to accept. @realDonaldTrump
It was a joke. I know that. Point is - no, the Republicans were not against him. Obviously.
.@realDonaldTrump People WANT to see UR tax returns. Only UR supporters don't care and they R only 25% of the country. U R hiding something.
dont forget pepe and all the internet memes!
How do you explain Hillary winning the popular vote?
she didn't 
racism and bigotry gave you a win. Hope the elector college correct the issue. I have seen more hate to me since your win.
wait... do you understand that the riots, destruction & everything else is coming from the DEM?
I witnessed republicans there trying to make the protest seem violent. Try again. I recorded it live on FB!
why r ppl protesting? bc ur candidate didn't win? it's like entering a contest knowing the rules but protest A
Even trump said this "When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough" I'm doing just that! #NotMyPresident
but what r u fighting abt? The democratic process where the electoral vote determined the next POTUS? See the Counties won
I don't give a damn about counties and states. Look at the popularity amount. Over 1 million for Hillary. My vote matters!
So... CA has the most population, so it will always be decided by CA what the rest of the country wants? there's a reason 4 E C
Well done on your win Mr. Trump. can you now please #pardon #EdwardSnowden @KimDotcom - @wikileaks
Oh dear
Snoden has a point if its correct, there can't be a different set of rules for the rich
How about that single parent punishing tax plan? That's definitely super amazing. Raise my tax burden 10% and no more HoH.
CONGRATS!-President Elect-TRUMP!
May I ask why you are hiring so many that dishonestly bad mouthed you?
You had no more votes than Mitt Romney and John McCain.
You lost every debate #delusionalpresident
No. The electoral college gave you the win.
actually he will be considering he won.
doesnt change the nature of your argument
your dividing of America, relentless lock her up chant and the electoral college gave you the win - side note hats helped
you changed my mind to vote for you.  I love the brilliant @SenTedCruz  but like him I #VoteTrump and support you know
Don't Forget "Drain The Swamp " and Prosecute The Rodents
Your speeches were only hate filled lies and you incited ppl to violence.
you lost every debate, stop trying to rewrite history.
good morning Mr President. I do not trust Paul Ryan please be alert from his suggestions
Our trade deals where so bad it was 100% irresponsible to close us down as a hub of manufacturing No Long term vision
Putin!
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion ...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NU5_d332FOc&index=19&list=PLaiBJ6bNn1vN38GmehaZk5-H0tB8dcFe1 …
Hillary Trumped By The Trump!!
Coal is major 72KEC, Firewood is field of control 60KEC ... Listen for your blessings :
i'm willing to put money on it you won't last a year.
No hate and bigotry gave you the win
no , the election was rigged. You bought your votes and we KNOW it.
congrat' President Donald Trump.
DO us proud...we need you !!!!
Are you a child molester? Face your charges and accuser. Who threat to kill her?needs investigated
You should send this guy a smiling picture of yourself. Troll him a little all in good fun
Right I need some damn sleep. Good to see Hilary will be the US Pres. If I wake up to Trump's smiling face I'll kill myself #ElectionNight
PLEASE BUILD WALL WITH ISREAL DAY 2. Kates LAW. THE VETS. REPEAL ACA IRS TAX. NO MORE RAPEUGEES. THEY MULTIPLY LIKE RATS
Mr. President Trump, we need Hillary for prison.
Sanders bag of wind! Kick ass
with all the respect, mr.president. Please think twice, your policy changes will have profound effects on American future.
You lost the debates because you are totally ignorant about way too many subjects.  Who is reading to you these days?
Follow me if you support Trump!
@AlecBaldwin was a better debater than you.

You LOST all three debates! YOU LOST the popular vote! You LOST in the big cities! You won the uneducated and unemployed.
Fake news and lies broadcast on social media to naive people got you the win. God help America.
Hope they will like the police state you are going to create. #NotMyPresident  #Nazi
Yeah you are so popular.
Not to mention Russia, WikiLeaks, and Dir. Comey. #trumpprotests
Congrats!! As a United States Air Force veteran, patriot and staunch American- Congratulations!!!
Dear @realDonaldTrump
Please stop w/ this nonsense
#Hillary motivated your #Deplorables 
& Disenfranchised the #BasementDwellers
Simple Math

Make America Great Again!
We have your back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
You completely LOST the debates and you LOST the popular election. Be honest. Be humble. Be real. You have no mandate.
Eh...I'm #StillSanders, thanks anyway...
you were shit at the debates, you idiot
Lies gave you the win. Lies Trump.
You lost all three debates. You lost the people's vote. You know you don't want the job. #yourefired

I campaigned EVERYDAY for you on my social media. I did my part to show the REAL you, not that BS the media put out there!
Mr. Trump,

Congratulations! You are our president!
Please our case vs. TEPCO
Ignorance, anger, discontent, intolerance, nationalism, vitriol.  These are the things that gave you the win.
got lrg rallies CUZ: We believed U were only one strong enough to stand up to ESTABLISHMENT!! NEVER FORGET that! @Reince
. . . and there they go . . . .
its was becuase of the FEDs that you won
president trump we the people elected you we all hope pick young conservative people for your cabinet you said you drain
Yes, we are still infatuated ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAEMNDU2LIo …
will you be attending get the KKK rally?
#MAGA = *Make* America Great Again.  FYI, *Tweeting* America to Greatness Won't Work. #TATGWW
you were right, it WAS rigged! You are a cheater and cheap
I thought YOU said it was rigged.
you lost all debates! Oh, and the popular vote #nevermypresident
congratulations president elect DT Finally - a champion of the people! John Bolton would make a great Secretary of State.
Yes,as u noted the media won’t show the massive crowds. You are so loved b/c u speak TRUTH we sense it vs politician enigma
You won because of @SenSanders
And most of all God gave you this victory and set you in this position for His purposes for this time!  Thank You, Lord!
don't forget Russia!!!
Hillary couldn't win even with cheating at debates, rigging nomination or polls
you lost ALL three debates
you new what to do.the same way you gave up 8 yes I said 8 years of your life to make this place great again. THANK YOU
It should be easy to sweep up the illegal immigrants. They're standing on the freeways defacing my flag. Toss em out
you were terrible in the debates!
actually YOUR GREAT #TrumpOtakus aka 20% of the country came out to vote
ENOUGH! That part is over. Focus on communicating vision, policy, and for goodness sake, apply decorum
Actually, gerrymandering, voter disenfranchisement and redistricting, all done by republicans, gave u the electoral win.
MR TRUMP STOP WINNING, We're winning so much we can't take it anymore!
U lost 3 debates, pure & simple.  Try readnig "A Team of Rivals".  U do know how to read, right? Or does it take too long?
Now it is time for lion and the hyenas to come together..USA/Russia.. Thanks to your hardwork
Soon we lose or Prove me wrong! Drain swamp, make term limits, get big money out of politics, control lobbyist, UNITE US
you only received support from 26% of the electorate.  The vast majority 74% want to crawl in a hole right now
Lou Dobbs' Powerful Warning To Donald Trump - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TflcPqQw6Fw …
I live 3 towns away from the Clintons in Westchester County. She's a fire breathing Dragon Woman. She never had a chance.
What you plant now, you will harvest later... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhcc1KQlCS4&list=PLx0sYbCqOb8TBPRdmBHs5Iftvv9TPboYG&index=9 …
+ @WikiLeaks  & WHISTLEBLOWERS.

POMPEO wants to EXECUTE #Snowden

@transition2017
@EricTrump
God has called you President Trump.  That's why you won. So many prayers for you.
Mr Trump,  I wish you would take time for call in with the American people with their ideas. That would be great.
Please be careful Mr Trump.  I don't trust the Democratic supporters or Soros not to make an attempt on your life.
Your racial dog whistles were heard by many who supported you.  Shame on you!
If he withdraw his objectionable comment on Muslim and immirants only then the Unrest may stop
ppl want gov corruption to end, HRC & Obama are the worst offenders, so of course 'we the ppl' voted YOU in 2 clean up DC!
We have worked nonstop months out of our lives!!! GOD BLESS THE USA!!!
donald to make a country great you first need to be great which means being an adult youre president man startacting likeit
You're out in left field without a glove looking for a ball that hasn't been hit yet
everything that is wrong with America, can b laid at Obama's feet, he has ten times the size admin. as Ronald Reagan;O done
Congratulations!!

Taylor Swift Donald Trump greetings
your not draining the swamp, your refilling it. Stand by what you said to your supporters.
you did horrible at all three at the debates! I will give you the second one wasn't as bad as the other two.
you are great!
time to rest, and remember the Sabbath. U were very lucky that God helped u via wikileaks and Mr. Assange.
History is written by the victors.
wrong.
In third presidential debate, you were the best thing I ever had seen
American exceptionalism, lose three debates to win an election. Now I understand.
Taylor Swift NUDE for advocating Donald Trump .
you actually think you won the debates
@CNN LIES! YOU SAID IT YOURSELF..... THE ELECTION WAS RIGGED. I, for one believe you. Only YOU RIGGED IT...IN YOUR FAVOUR.
Everyone hates you!
your so mature, no honey hillary is hated
I've been at the SCI Unit, La Jolla, Ca., but my vote was cast for you and I made a $100.00 to boot. Congratulation.
Taylor Swift NUDE because she has Donald Trump favorite lots .
what? I don't get it suisse

I really like that one .. I love Donald J Trump POTUS E
Members of His Family ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-BdGchS0yk …
,Congrats on your win Sir,i live not far from your golf course At Turnberry,what a Fantastic place it is now
In my forgotten corner of US I put over 8000 Trump signs out of my garage. Listened to worries over 400 people, all kinds
Please keep all your promises. Do not faulter. America has spoken & we want the chance you promised!
The Debates and your speeches did not give U the win.The uneducated hate filled Masses gave it to you.U disgust sane People
sir. is it true? You not keeping your word on the Obamacare and the wall. If you don't keep it. You just like Hillary then
dont forget the role @POTUS and @HillaryClinton paving the disastrous way!! What a mess we/you have to clean. Help us in Mn
Glory be to God!
Prince of Wales UK, Duke & Duchess of Windsor https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rl_Py9FnWJk …
You mean those things where you lied your ass off! 
#DeleteYourSelf
I could use some help to promote http://countrywatchprogram.com 
shit!!  Hargai orang muslim. Buat amal disaat kita meninggal nanti. Aku tau Amerika takut dengan orang penghafal Al Quran.
Good job! Stick to your guns...fight for wall and DEPORTATION. Get rid of sanctuary cities...STOP the refugee immigration.
Explain Hillary's popular vote? Well over 600,000 more votes than you. I think Florida should be recounted..seriously..
