may have had a large crowd but u do realize they were there for GOD not you
"Large and wonderful" Just like your hands hey Little Lord Fauntleroy?
LOL.  silly silly donald.
Can you please tell me what pin Senator Kaine is wearing?
Yep, it was just huge-ly unattended.
fake questions and fake answers. 
Wait ... you went inside a church and the roof didn't cave in? That right there - miracle.
Great Speech!
If you Trumpets really want to see Marshal Law... vote Trump.
Yep, fantastic reception. http://www.politicususa.com/2016/09/03/trump-addresses-empty-church-african-american-photo-op-backfires-detroit.html …
A Black Church in Detroit Gives #Trump Standing Ovation. Paster Burns"Blacks 4 Trump Not Demo
http://www.infowars.com/black-church-gives-trump-standing-ovation/ …
Burns is on the docket for raping 5 boys in  North Carolina !!!!!!
Poor, delusional Donnie. Get used to it, bucko. People ABHOR you. Thats the real news! Along with YOU going to church. YOU. Hypocrite!!
u hypocrite.
I wonder how much are they getting from drugg dealers and terrorists.
we pay no attention to the reporting of cnn
CLINTON NEWS NETWORK JEALOUS @BlkPpl & @votolatino ARE VOTING 4U 2HELL w @HillaryClinton PAID TV MEDIASHE DINT OWN US
They also praised your ethnic dancing
You did great!!  Thank you
Not according to the pics of the inside when you walked in, nice try though rofl!!
who cares about CNN. You are very blessed to be able to be there today and I know they're praying for you
You & your team are doing great. Support is growing among all classes of voters in spite of CNN and others! Keep it up
because you are a fake and just wanted a photo op. Once a racist always a racist. Still haven't Disa vowed David Duke
feed was cut when you were receiving blessing from Bishop #msm is evil
The 'large crowd'...LMFAO!
Actually I don't think we need to see your medical records nor taxes . You are toast

perhaps if you let the media inside...
Perhaps if media stops suppressing Trumps history his true self will appear. Nasty

Release your taxes.  It's absurd that the press is not berating you for this every day.
lyin @tedcruz and #CrookedHillary need this medicine so they will start being honest
so proud to be voting for you!
A STATE MEDIA. Playing the race card
that would b @FoxNews
Wrong answer, do u really watch TV? Are u one of these Nako heads liberals?
..We love you! Keep going for us..Rey and Josephine . from Michigan


their ratings have dropped like a rock! We are smart. More and more have changed the channel to #TrumpPence16!
ON DAY THE BLACKS ARE GOING TO TURN ON THE MSM AND TEACH THEM WHO'S BOSS!!
#AlTRightDon #Trump Supporter outside rally
Maybe they should report about who wrote the speech you read... That is SAD!!!
do you really believe what you're saying? We are not stupid, nor can you intimidate us! You are 
Nope. Tiny crowd. Mostly empty seats!
screw CNN no one watches them anyway
Amazing congregation at Detroit church and fine example of Christianity that binds America. Sincere, optimistic #Trump
there protecting #Hide and Seek Hillary
end harrassment of teams when you get 2White House. It's craziness. My 4 y old can't wear a Blackhawks cap to school
Those no way in hell that Rocky Wirtz will cave to the pc police
I see @POTUS doing clips on that while hundreds of Chicagoans are being murdered. But Ban Blackhawks?
nearly 4000 murders since POTUS was elected & not 1 peep from Obama & his Dem cabal
Of course Trump the savior is able to fix that.
well he sure as fuck couldn't possibly do any worse than the present administration
I think this country is doing pretty well, much better then under Bush.
We need a special prosecutor to FULLY investigate the Trump Foundation's illegal campaign donation:
@MSNBC ok deal Clinton foundation first lol
1% is all you'll get!! 
trolling a trump page means you are so stressed he's going to win and you have to trade your EBT for a job
I don't have an EBT card. We make enough money, but I did work for the welfare office.
who cares
That's why I don't believe what they say and I decided not to watch CNN.
If you want more illegals,drugs and crime in this country: Hillary is the candidate.
at least 3 dozen blacks really like me!
Your a bigger jackass then, well a jackass,mediocrity,and ignorance are your calling cards. Hillary will will out think you
uh huh
guess you got the CNN version
they're just not that into you.
Then wake up and see what he could and wants to do to fix what Obama has broken!


it doesn't really matter to me if he's racist or not. It's his problem not mine.
Clinton has nothing to do with his racism. Lol, all he has to do is open his mouth
they are rigged Trump would be up even more if weren't
Killary panders while you actually listen... GO TRUMP!

"@HillaryClinton, she'll say anything and @change nothing." — @BarackObama, @WhiteHouse 


@Chairmnoomowmow @CNN the media has its liberal agenda it will nvr chg they suck

book
<--  All KNOW
it's  CLINTON NEWS  NETWORK
visiting a church once. Cool story bro
Morning Mr. President #GodBless
part 2 I can't go to any country without asking permission and doing it right the same for Mexico and Mexicans
It looked half empty.#Sad
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN 

#ManyPeopleAreSaying you're a child rapist.

#NeverTrump
Sadly, the crowd inside is going for the wrong side.
hmmmmmm VERY SAD!
.@yashar @realDonaldTrump @CNN - Hillary's Rally? EVEN SADDER!
Trump's are pathetic HC is not a tabloid celebrity and we aren't sheep
Ignore CNN, boycott CNN, let CNN go out of business.
I watched what I could on TV, it was so great, everyone was so happy and enthusiastic in greeting Mr. Trump.
People like u r capable of anything they feel is ok to them. Was beaten, imprissoned tortured+stabbed 9x by man like u
Oh Donald ! Tsk Tsk!!!!!!
If that protest was " small" they surely had big mouths, they were louder than your big mouth amplified by 10,000!
http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/detroit-mayor-slams-trumps-visit-to-black-church/ar-AAit2WN?li=BBnb7Kz …
Donny, come on man.  A tweet was posted with an image earlier today.  How many people were there
FIRST WHY WOULD YOU LISTEN TO CNN/MSNBC/MSM-TRUST ME HERE LIFE IS TOO SHORTNEWS MEANS NOTHING
The church was half empty when normally full 
 THE DEMS PAID FOR THOSE "PAID PROTESTERS" SO CNN WANTS THEM TO GET THEIR MONEY'S WORTH BY COVERING THEM!
they are idiots. There will always be protests. Get a life CNN
Liar. Again you showed your disdain for people of color. Back to reality tv dude.
I'm sure your visit was worthwhile & meaningful! TrumpPOTUS 2016
#trump maybe....but what did they say when you left.  They know you'll stab them in the back like the Mexicans
Wonderful, perhaps--large, no.
Wow.  Did you have a stroke at that church?
so obvious!! And we the people see it!!!!
Guess there weren't any 2nd amendment people there. Your still walking around.
CNN doesn't have the ratings to matter.
couldn't possibly be as small as your tiny, tiny #micropenis #mistresstaraforpresident
bro everything was scripted
dump Trump!
Just keep your head up and show them what a real president  looks  like !!!!  ROSE
I watched and listened the African American must take a stand with us to stop the democratic slave masters
the bottom will fall out if they do that
protesters likely paid by Soros
Crowds inside and out look about equal to me, maybe more outside.
@HillaryClinton Trump is everywhere while Hillary is in the DNC witness protection program!!
@CNNKeep talking to the peopleDebate time will be a bait&hook attemptDon't biteFormula:demur,calm,presidential, FACT SHARK
Donald you can win Black peoples votes, don't listen to the Black talking heads, they don't speck for all Black people
keep off Twitter!! Take the high road PLEASE!!
deluded Donald , the mind of a 2 year old..
Crooked news network doesn't even try to hide their crookedness cuz they think they will win. But America is waking up
half of the congregation was not there Trump!!! again it doesn't seem like u r getting anywhere
Don't forget how Reuters cut off the TV feed from inside just when it looked real good for you.
One reporter cited a black media report that u received a Standing Ovation after your brief great remarks!
Lies
why even mention THAT network.. You only help push up their rating. Once you ignore it, the rest of us will forget too
Detroit Church embraces #Trump
@FoxNews @HillaryClinton LIAR CRIMINAL HILLARY&LEFTWING MEDIA CAMPAIGN ARM ARE TOTALLY SCAREDOF TRUMP&KNOW HE WILL WIN
THE INNER CITY BLACKS&HISPANICS KNOW THAT TRUMP IS ONLY PREZ IN 50 YEARS THAT WILL HELP THEM
CNN blows.
I saw the pictures. That was no "large crowd." And, I believe the outside crowd was protesting you.
wonderful crowd!!! The church was EMPTY!!!
Good job at the church! Keep it up Mr. Trump!!!!
You did well President Trump, never mind ClintonNewsNetwork,they are desperate for Killary.
because @CNN doesn't report anything that they can't sensationalize!!
"Large"?  Hardly. They stayed away in droves to send you a message.  They don't want you.
All you did was parrot what was written for you. Donald "the Parrot" Trump.
@JoeMyGod @CNN He sucks,and that church visit was not that great
Good move , elite liberals and media still will find something wrong , keep it up.
LYIN TRUMP:
Here is Trump's "large and wonderful crowd." #Detroit 
@johngreentweet @CNN We are on them day and night!
I was so proud of you Mr. Future President
Odd because two days ago you posted @CNN video of you speaking in the church @realDonaldTrump,
omg! Such a liar! We all saw the pics of all the empty pews! idiot!
I am so happy that they welcomed u and listened to u! I have may black friends and they are great!  We all need help
sick of hearing the brag about the size of the crowd who are in the wrong rally.
Just wait until they moderate your debate
PHONEY.  you were scared of the people who are smarter than you
#dicksoutforHarambe
you do know people have camera's on their phones..
#lyingTrump...delete your account it would cut down on stupidity
let's face it the Afro Americans won't vote republicans it's just the way it is a shame
I'm, try again. The service was very poorly attended!

We are so proud of what you are doing for Black Americans. This is going to make all the difference in the world 4 USA
I take you by your word, Carson is a pedophile.
Therefore, I must conclude  that you endorse pedophelia.
Start ridiculing them and other establishment bought media. People would really appreciate your straight talking.
You and Katrina awkwardly dance while Dr. Ben checks his e-mail on his phone. What a "great" event.
I'm sure those were hilarys ground Game
Trumpf equals Whiner!
FIGURES....cnn, clinton news network
Don't think that we all didn't notice that too!!!
Trump you are at ZERO % Black support now
Mr Trump u gv the person do something or hv thing to do the person I need an answer the person hv something k I nd ans
Not to worry. America is aware of the leftist media bias
Not so big - and you can't dance.  Go on a diet and get lessons
Quit lying, there was a large crowd OUTSIDE and about 30% of capacity INSIDE, They weren't interested in your BS
Bernie Sanders gets large crowds. Let's not exaggerate like you do on the size of other things. #LoserDonald
wrong again, small group inside. Most of the church members didn't show up. Such a liar.
it was all a photo opp 4u. U still will not get over 2% of blks votes. We are not stupid
Apparently @CNN was apart of the protest. SHAME ON THEM! Real patriots want REAL CHANGE!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

they spent some time on your scripted answers too #manypeoplearesaying
that is the only thing CNN knows how to do uniformed dolts
Typical for the #ClintonNewsNetwork
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-xjiXfJ58Q …
Trumps visit to Detroit was with real church leaders and real black voters not the elite black leaders who lie &Steal
That is no surprise to me there should be a law against bias medias for hiding the truth.
When you lose, America wins.
they work hard at diminishing the reality that you are with us!
Nothing new for CNN.They love chaos.
the truth comes out Donny Boy. Hahaha you are pathetic 

http://www.politicususa.com/2016/09/03/trump-addresses-empty-church-african-american-photo-op-backfires-detroit.html …
LOL! The "sanctuary" wasn't even half full!
it was a little crowd.  Lady in Bens house voting for Hillary.  No like you
lies . You were booed .
we know who loves us, Dont u worry.
protest was as big as crowd inside church they don't trust u
your insistence on using oxford commas is yet another reason to dislike you.
please stop lying!!!!!!
You know damn well that the church wasn't filled and you weren't welcome. Were you uncomfortable RACIST? Shameful lies
#italianamericansagainstrump
because it wasnt that great only in your mind jackass
