you’re a liar
seriously? How about that huuuuge portrait of you and using to pay your legal fees? You're not fooling anyone.
Release your fucking tax returns.
Your deplorables are the least evolved of the human species.
Of any species!
Except for that money that you use to pay you legal fees. By the way, how much money have you contributed to your foundation since '08?.Zero
again provide the paperwork and get this settled once and for all.
I can't wait for you to make great deals and secure our border, Donald. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Finally another trump fan on Twitter 

The Washington Post has proven otherwise. Fake charity. Sad.
You didn't win the popular vote so you're technically a loser.
actually, there was a recount and it turns out that he did win the popular vote so
Nope. Your information is horseshit.
You showed up to a benefit, horned in on a photo op with big donors and left without shelling out a dime.
Never before has a man inspired such widespread ignorance and stupidity.
 @realDonaldTrump
Like the "Big Ass Painting Of Myself" foundation. Love that charity!
Good one Tony
.@realDonaldTrump  ham
ham
meanwhile the Clinton Family Foundation actually IS a wonderful charity. They actually do the work, not just give $ away.
grab me by my pussy
@President Trump I would not shut it down b/c no matter what u do the libs r always going to b outraged
I believe the first four, it's your style, but not the last one.
The foundation has been fined for making political contributions & admitted engaging in self-dealing practices.
Donald you used funds from that account to buy a $20,000 portrait of yourself. The lies stop here! RESIGN!
RELEASE YOIR TAX RETURNS. WHAT ARE YOU HIDING????
What are you hiding Jimmy?
these bot accounts remind me of North Korea style propaganda
that's even worse
25% of Trump's Twitter followers are real people. The rest are bots or fake accts.
I know, right? He had huge crowds & still lost popular vote.Weird, huh?
This a last ditch effort to take you down....Your Enemies is the Corrupt Governmental Establishment that controls the media
Like the fine over the Mar a Lago flag pole charity?
aaaaaand a GIANT SELF PORTRAIT??? 100% WRONG
how can the people around Trump not go crazy when they see this?
lying trump
Which charity do your legal fees fall under?
Your tweets give us a centralized place to create a reading list countering your bullshit.
hate him
Looks like left wing HATEtrumpsLOVE the hypocrisy of tolerance&sensitivity @mskristinawong @realDonaldTrump @FortuneMagazine
I hate Trump and his ignorant and bigoted supporters
Well, you not paying people certainly sounds believable.
If "100% of money goes to wonderful charities!" did that include the $258,000 paid from the Foundation to settle lawsuits?
Mr. President TRUMP, we hope you are going to tell the lobbyist to take a walk, NONE in the WH please.
doing great & it's not even Jan. 20, 2017 yet. #MAGA
Wipe those tears away! He won. Get over it!
because he won you can't criticize him when you don't believe him. Are you that ignorant
that's exactly what u do it with every pres. he is the one that isn't being transparent. That's da issue
#Sassou Jailed all of his opponents, the Pool region in Congo-Brazzaville is undersiege with bombs raining everyday
. Bullshit. Prove it
words, words, words! Your words are meaningless!Prove Your Tweet ... Show Your Taxes! #CheaterInCharge #LiarInChief #SheWon
"Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems" (via @washingtonpost) https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/trump-used-258000-from-his-charity-to-settle-legal-problems/2016/09/20/adc88f9c-7d11-11e6-ac8e-cf8e0dd91dc7_story.html?client=safari …
stark contrast from the 3mil @ChelseaClinton spent in her wedding..Funded by the Clinton fnd
putoooo
100% of nothing is still nothing
Hey good job big guy! Every word in this tweet is spelled correctly! That 'speak & spell' Ivanka got you is paying off!
@Roxy4080 @realDonaldTrump
takes so little to distract donnie. He may even put 2 side by side
WAY AHEAD OF YOU.
Best way to contest the reporting, @realDonaldTrump, is to release your tax returns. Withholding them is a violation of the public trust.
He is acting like closing his Foundation would end the discussion. It would be merely a teardrop on a raging fire.
Exactly. The foundation is nothing compared to all his other conflicts.
Trump is extracting himself from any conflicts, including his business interests. Move on!
We'll move on when he actually does it and acts like a grown man who gives a crap about people.
You won't find a more compassionate person than Trump. He will be the President for all Americans
OMG. U really have drunk the kool-aid. He has cheated peeps his whole life. Selfish and petulant.
You need to stop believing everything you read in the fake press. Take a chill pill & relax!
So all of these charities listed here that say they never received 1 CENT are lying?
Says the egg with 32 followers
hahahahahaha translation anyone?
.@realDonaldTrump uhhhh.
its going no where
just because you find the articles distasteful does not make them wrong. Trump has every reason to cover up Foundation’s intent.
the NY AG is a Hillary supporter m donor should have recused himself
what does that have to do with anything? The AG can investigate without it being because Clinton lost. They’re independent.
he isnt he made it crystal clear, Trump will disband his charity this guy will bark but will have no bite
he can’t do that until the AG is done investigating.
he ll do it, and challenge him to fine him big deal
Was Florida attorney general Bondi a charity?
@mike_pence @TIME DJT amazes with every word! "GRAB EM BY THE PUSSY"
post a link to your financial breakdown. Oh and how about your taxes? Still keeping that a secret I see
You can't out give a giver
Indeed.
it bought paintings of you
name 5 of these wonderful charities PLEASE?
like a painting of yourself 
BULLSHIT. Already proven you barely gave to charities. You only lined your pockets & your family's.
We trust and believe you President Trump.
That is a blatant lie!
keep the tweets coming. This new reality show is the best thing on the internet. #laughingmyassoff
really? Care to give us a breakdown? Maybe release those tax returns as promised? Ur a #liar and it is #sad
#unpresidented
NEVER MADE ANY CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS EITHER, DON'T FORGET.  GIVES TO CHARITIES LIKE DONALD J TRUMP.  LIES, ALL LIES.
Unfortunately, NOT true!
Charities are a money laundering campaign. Stop supporting moochers, Muh Precedent.
And not to pay off your debts?....pull the other leg Donny.
Bribing AGs and using foundation money for business expenses are felonies, not charities.
@ResidentOfFL 
The curse of Liberal Democrats have cast a long dark shadow across America.
Liar, liar, pants on fire!
OH, REALLY? #TinyFingeredShitWizard #DonTheCon

Liar- the fraudulent DJT Foundation paid fees to Trump businesses, bought art for Trump businesses and paid Trump fines.
If that is so, you should disclose everything, should ' t you...?
Whatever yoh want to tell yourself Babyhands.
name a couple of charities please.
you 990 says you haven't given anybody anything. Also why is your foundation still under investigation. Liar.
Seems most goes to your golf clubs. I guess you got caught Donny Boy.
stop Arguing with Trump supporters they have Trailers to tend to.
Good job dissolving it. Why? Bc you dont care to give to others.  Dissolve your businesses - we are not fooled. SHAME ON U
I always knew you thought YOU were a 'wonderful charity".
Using OPM again?  For SHAME.
Heard you closed it down. Sad.

and to @PamBondi
liar liar
of course you don't pay taxes, fees, or salaries, you just buy portraits of yourself  :)
- U used the foundation for Portraits of you, Tebow's helmet, PAYOFF to AG Bondi, FL! FRAUD! GREED! NARCISSISTIC, EVIL!!
this is a non sequitor.
nah. You just used The money to buy pictures of your self
LIKE WHAT?  name them, amounts...OR just issue your tax returns.  SAD!
show us your tax returns

@Fahrenthold is this possible??
so are you now saying you're a charity case cuz we all know where the $$$ went. #loser #notmypresident  #norespect
fraud
#lyingdonald trump.  Show us the balance sheet. Liar, liar, liar. Show us your income taxes. Keep telling it like its not.

that's a lie! You can buy a portrait of yourself and say that's charity! LOL you're such a fool

Really? Is Pam Bondi's campaign fund a charity?
FRECK U
Only by releasing your taxes will you maybe not be considered a fraud. Wait...you'll still be a fraud.
thanks! we behave the same at the Glacier Society,

and the full size portrait of DJT? What charity needed that help? #tellthe truth
laughable- great work = purchase of portrait of DJT? I think not. DJT stop lying looser
of course...
Con
WE KNOW, THATS WHY YOU'RE UNDER INVESTIGATION, YOU KNOW, LIKE HILLARY
You paid your own bills with foundation money! Come clean.  While you're at it, release your tax returns before 1/20.
like you pocket.  #LOCKHIMUP
More lies, you paid business legal fees, purchased ugly big paintings of yourself, have money to political campaigns.
prove it release your taxes
like paying FL Pam Bondi 25K to get out of a law suit
Where are those tax returns? All the details are expected. Tell us, how much was actually given?
#liarliarliar
When you get into the Oval Office, please launch an investigation as to where the money for rebuilding in Haiti went.
that is absurd. You are lying.
which charities? Show us the receipts.
LIKE THE TRUMP FAMILY!
like your self portrait :)
what charity you have not given any money to any charities and if you did prove it show your taxes
what charity? Yr pocket to subsidize your failing businesses? Take care of  . Stop tweet,your ignorance precedes you.
You are such a liar! Your foundation only benefitted you.
I just spit coffee on my cat!
unlike all companies, I (my companies)never pay my workers or pay taxes.
Cute. Family foundations don't solicit funds from outside sources and claim contributions as personal philanthropy. #YouDid
Donald Trump will be one of the greatest Presidents the USA will ever have.
however YOU never pay either, except with favors, and we are all watching.
You lie.
nothing would make me happier than never to post another tweet here.never used medium & won't again were it not for _____
also proven to be a lie!! TRAITOR TRAITOR TRAITOR
yet another lie. You just can't help yourself, can you?
I have two working models of my engine.
how come it was never registered as a charitable organization then?

show us the tax filing statements and we'll believe you! Naw...we still won't believe you...you've lied too much already!
.@realDonaldTrump You keep using that word charity. I'm pretty sure you don't know what that word means.
Right, is that why you are trying to get rid of it?!!!!!.
Liar, plain and simple. #Stupidman
very sad it can't continue
congratulation....... & forwword
100% OTHER people's money in YOUR name.  Typical Trump style!!
Fucking liar!
Yes, like self portraits, Tebow paraphernalia, oh and none of the donated money was actually yours. #OrangeHitler
