Glad to see you are fulfilling your promise to your moron fans to shake up the establishment!!!
Your new Secretary of the Treasury.

LOL! Elaine Chao is the exact opposite of change.
Wow! Big Surprise...You appointed Another FOX NEWS contributor to your team.
MAP: Schools cave to ‘sanctuary campus’ demands
Then those campuses should NOT get any additional fed funding!
Uhh... what?
No federal funding for schools that provide sanctuary for illegals.
They're so stupid, wondering what is happening to him..Truth is,they're finding out the emperor has no clothes.LMAO!
Americans are happy with your leadership and choice of cabinet members continue choose Wisely #NeverRomney #DrainTheSwamp
Really? Which Americans would that be?
Lost popular vote by 3 million!!  Lowest popular votes to win in History!  He is the illegitimate President !!
That's a fact! But hey, what are facts to deplorables? They hate facts, that's why they voted for Drumpf.
rebuild the  national highways like the  California highways that transport the  food we grow in California no toll roads
This is a fake comment.
Chao Family made McConnell one of the richest Senators in the U.S. in 2008.
Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/trump-cabinet-pick-connected-90-pound-seizure-cocaine-cargo-ship/#IIKzreRlMbLJCwCu.99 …


ufg
I pray for you every day.
C he does respect immogrants. Elaine Chao is Sec. if Dept. of Trans. #TrumpTransition
it's just Trump Trumpeting
More swamp.  Lots of baggage with that one.
@MitchMcConell @ElaineChao = conflict of interest = drain the swamp?  You are just piling it on
FREEDOM OF SPEECH. FREEDOM OF WORSHIP. FREEDOM FROM WANT. FREEDOM FROM FEAR.
smart choice Mr president
see u next election 2020
voter are smart
leader are smart
America great again 2020
Pence 2024
tweety bird Donny you're getting some diversity, since Ben won't be your token minority!
God sent beautiful  souls  to America to change for better to human rights and freedom. https://youtu.be/a1IQfRRl_W4 
CNN PROBABLY WILL SAY HE IS RACIST TOO #BoycottCNN
if you don't like someone who incites violence and chaos start boycotting Trump and his businesses
TRUMP DOESNT INCITE VIOLENCE.HE WAKES PEOPLE UP FROM THE TRENCE THE MSM AND LIBERAL HAVE US ON #WAKEUP
he does incite violence where have you been?
Chao is great choice but I hope her husband doesn't interfear



She and Trump should get married. They'd make a great couple.
Trump is married,  but you and Hillary would make a great match. ..
Taxes returns Please. We're waiting.
Release ur Tax returns Donny! Release em now! Why do u lie? U are below Bush at the bottom of the barrel. Congratulations!
delete
Wow, really drainin' the swamp...
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
She's of Taiwanese descent but that's neither here nor there with you people.
anyone who burns the flag should go to jail. So disrespectful to the thousands who fought for us we r a disgraceful country
You don't even know how to properly customize a bit.ly url hahahahahaha
Draining the Swamp!

Let's Make America Great Again!!!!!
.@realDonaldTrump
I bet you have some Chins of your own and prob some stomachs too
You seem upset, is something bothering you?
nothing bothering me and my 1 follower. Anything bothering you? Kilary lost??
Why nominate people who want to destroy their department?
let's have her fix @Amtrak and build a train that goes from DC to NYC in 45 minutes

is she related to professir Chaos? @SouthPark
#thatsgreatnstep

What happened to "draining the swamp"?  You nominated the wife of a swamp monster and she's a former bureaucrat herself.
@ElaineChao is an immigrant who came to America as an 8-yr old not speaking English. She became a U.S. Citizen at age 19.
shut thwe fuick ypu
excellent english. Other side of the wall for you.
im white
stupid and white
Mitch McConnell Used To Haul His Own Coal By Horse and Buggy! #Tranportation LOL
nominate me daddy I will shave my chest @realDonaldTrump
Is that sub sandwich censoring a cock and balls on your face?
lol what is it like tweeting to literally no followers lmao
Sounds to me you're a groupie hater follower, what's it like to stock someone you care less for?
uh sorry is that english @dewmsday
come in guys, let's all be nice... "We are all Passionate in our opinions, which means we play hard. Nite
shut up and sleep poorly @dewmsday
perhaps I misread you...you're hear is what died..either way..I hope you find what made you such an angry person..
How long before Trump gets locked up?
how long before you tell the true definition of socialism?
Hahaha! Dictionaries owned by capitalist businesses are unlikely to publish a true definition even if they knew what it was.
what is your definition
A classless society of equals. http://www.worldsocialism.org/english/what-socialism …
that's actually communism
Same thing http://www.worldsocialism.org/spgb/socialist-standard/1960s/1969/no-781-september-1969/lenin-twists-marxism …
again who cares. You are a Con man. And a woman beat you in the popular vote!!
sweetie, no one ever received as much as a participation trophy for winning the popular vote. LOL
sweetie Trump hates that fact so that's why I posted it!!
I really think @ChrisChristie is better suited
Your supporters are the stupidest people alive. When you don't bring those jobs back they'll be burning more than flags!
shut up
The U.S. Flag and California Flag in the celebrity apprentice boardroom are improperly displayed # President Elect
Related to crooked McConnell.
#Resist
@janeadamswatts  no. a misStep / Husband Mitch is another 
Can you elect me as the Secretary for something?
id prefer he just vacate office and I'd be more comfortable if you took it
Dude I think I would be a pretty decent political leader lemme have a go
Talk to Rep Carlos Curbelo and I bet you would choose him for Sec of Education and workforce!
no way
Voters in America are counting on you to drain the swamp of traitors like Romney that tried to derail your Presidency!
are you serious?
No one needed to start a rumor about Trump's taxes.
He himself admitted it
LIVE ON TV
so your sucking McConnell's posterior hole now heh?
ths mun refurs hiself to in 4th person

Why so much 3rd person. Known trait of sociopaths
the bullet train
Wall.. 144MPH... Bumpy&hilliy retain.. 44ft.  Tapperd footed thick
Lovely chopper blackhauk gattilling gun
Cronyism at it's finest. Are you just drawing names out of  a hat now? A hat filled with donors and other fat-cats? LEAD
Muslim Brotherhood has been brainwashing school kids for years: Islam in American Schools
not in ovel yet
&amer.is happenin'open her eye.. 
Oh ye all.Pullthe logout 1St b4.Y
Try remov'n the splinter in other's!?
# Elaine Chao ,   Please  Please, roll back the D.O.T regulations to 2007 levels to save this industry.  save us
Funny.Her daddy's vessel was caught in Colombia w 90LBS of FUCKING cocaine."Let's make America great again".Google Ping May
may not have counted on Chao’s familial connections w/ large-scale international drug trafficking.
 http://thefreethoughtproject.com/trump-cabinet-pick-connected-90-pound-seizure-cocaine-cargo-ship/#IIKzreRlMbLJCwCu.99 …
someone with Zero experience in the transportation industry. So you just like unqualified cabinet members?
@Suzanne1869 @realDonaldTrump betrayed? You mean it took you THIS long to realize he used the shit out of you??
I am loving the diversity in your highly qualified teambut please we need some "chocolate" in the mix though 
he has Carson  oh nevermind he's not black anymore lol
really I guess as a conservative neurosurgeon - he just too smart to be black in your eyes 
and now he's been bullied into taking a position he really didn't want he never stood up to trump #coward
u mean he didn't get all ghetto & attack trump like the "black" carnival barkers - @TheRevAl that you are used 2?
you must be use to that you tweeting about it ppl like you kill me girl bye
how is the good doctor a coward? And how does cowardice reverse melanin production? I'll wait
but hey that's my opinion my right just as it's your right to think differently
AS LONG AS IT WAS YOUR DECISION, MR. PRES-ELECT, AND NOT PRIEBUS & THE RNC: WE DO NOT TRUST RINOS: WEAK & COMPROMISING,
Can Courts Hold Trump Accountable For Violating The Emoluments Clause? – Huffington Post http://chronlaw.com/?p=1730736 
Also Gen Petraeus is a card carrying globalist.....nope!
very disappointing news.
thank god he is not appointing Washington insiders or wealthy people
Romney is a swamp bullfrog, they are cannibals, justice puts the guy on the same pile as Clinton and Bush
screwing America.
Do not pick romney!
Thanks for "draining the swamp"!
McConell's wife
And the swamp continues to fill
great choice & well done!!  Elaine Chao appointed as Secretary of the Department of Transportation.
really mitch the b_ _ _ hs wife come on mitch has sold my state down the river to obama because his wife is against coal
I thought you are going to drain the swamp but it looks like you just filled the swamp! #draintheswamp #NOTfilluptheswamp
we are doomed
smart.
ONLY A SUPERB GENUINELY PERSON CAN MAKE SUCH GENIUS PICKS FOR OUR CABINET/HIS PRESIDENTIAL CABINET. JUST MAGNIFICENT; -)
Proud of you Mr President Trump..!
@jasonrapert well so much for #draintheswamp.  Lifelong insider married to Mitch McConnell.  Race to be the worst-winner

Why stop there? Why not pardon Jared Fogle, and Nominate him to run Planned Parenthood?
good picks so far stay away from establishment Romney! Can't trust him! Betray ur supporters!
not a/my president!!
great!! But pear..NO Romney
Think conservative, conservative and more conservative. Do not disappoint your followers.
Mitch McConnell treated you like dirt. How do you know that this woman will be loyal?
Go dark! #youtube #darkmode Check this out if you dont support trump :)
Yeah, sell off all the freeways, highways subways and rail systems. Privatize them all. Completely destroy America.
#NeverRomney #NeverRomney #NeverRomney please! Parable of the snake! Romney is a snake
Hillary is more patriotic than you.  
#Recount2016  Hillary for POTUS
@KellyannePolls Mitch McConnell' wife as Trans Sec? Horrific betrayal. So much for draining the swamp. Thanks for nothing.
Wow - a little inbreeding, wouldn't you say??
Now there's a kiss ass appt
Chao is an unabashed globalist and her aims are completely at odds with the essence of your campaign ... #DrainTheSwamp
vote morgan to win bbott
why do you talk about yourself in the third party? Kind of creepy.
Period. https://www.thenation.com/article/mitch-mcconnells-freighted-ties-shadowy-shipping-company/ …
. I retired early and have resided in three differentrecording one who served our nation should be laid to rest
.@realDonaldTrump Outsourcing your tweets now? What will yoursupporters think?
MR TRUMP WE HAVE TO DEAL WITH VIOLENT IMMIGRANTS.
This is where you choose to make your announcements? To a bunch of trolls and your paid Trumpeez? #Trumpcannotread
POST YOUR PROMISES 2US ON YOUR DESK & SEE IF U R DRAINING THESWAMP OR KEEPING THEM U R NOTKEEPING BENDING ALL WITH THESWAMP
were not waking up were wore out read scripture forcwhen we give up
GREAT TO GET NEWS DIRECTLY FROM THE PRESIDENT -we are done w fake news CNN should be ashamed of themselves-you are our PRES
Also, go for Romney!
good swamp draining!
Nepotism?? Mitchie wifey...
Elaine Chao her husband a little wacko
Really? Nepotism
https://youtu.be/Wha_arci-tw 
I thought you were going to (drain the swamp), not overflow it. Chao bad pick. 
president elect can  kiss my ass
MR.TRUMP WHY NOT HAVE DINNER WITH ME I DID ALL I COULD TO HELP YOU WIN AND SUPPORTED YOU UNLIKE ROMNEY,HAVE DINNER WITH ME

If She gets the job, under Trump's guidance anything is possible, on time and below budget. Rebuild America!
drain 
 the fucking swamp???!!! She was a Bush labor secretary and is married to fucking Mitch McConnel. WTF!!!
I will say it again, if Trump selects Romney for SOS I will not support him for a second term or anything else.
Y'all gotta follow @realDonaldTrump y'all! This man is Twitter is hella funny. He really be saying anything. This is surreal
صديق لَيــِْ♡̷̴̬̩̃̊ـِْش مافي كلم وليد بن طلال 

Hhhhhhhhh خفت صّـْْ()ـْْحّ
England is gone...
@Deplorablejesse @realDonaldTrump Britannia needs to blow up the chunnel!
why fill those positions,we voted for less government. Guess you didn't hear that.wise up.LESS GOVERNMENT!!!!!!!
@KellyannePolls @JasonMillerinDC Feeling 'had' yet, Trumpies?
If Trump is not your President then move to where your president is…
It's been proven a Chinese, regardless where she's born or raised, can be a spy if Chinese Gov't needs her.
from The Nana.  Please put Mitt Romney in charge of reforming our health care .  Gen Petraeus as Sec of State
Oh, goody...someone who's actually ridden in a car.
Hey Boss, you really don't understand how Happy The True American Are, your picking Great people, you truly are, thank you.
The $2Trillion Dollar Model  for Chao to evaluate : Julio Simones Logistica S.A. (JSLG3) Brazil
a disgrace to the true ideals of our country!
dear mr trump your choices make it clear you could give a rats ass about the middle class
and you are still a dooshbag
well shit if he puts Rudy Or Petraus as Sos he might as well give the damne job back to Hillary, their no better
THE  ENTIRE POLICE DEPARTMENT IN  SEMINOL COUNTYFLORIDA NEEDS TO BE CLEAN UP!
thank you sir for your experienced decision making lol
I thought you were draining the swamp and not filling it? Mrs. Mitch McConnell?
NO. MITT ROMNEY. EVER.
Sir, U need to avoid Sen. Bob C for anything. Hb John Bolton, Mayor Rudy? We need more conservatives in your appointments.
McConnell's wife? Guess we are just going to ADD to the swamp instead of draining it. Did you think nobody would notice?POS
And when asked, @realDonaldTrump was unsure how to pronounce Elaine's name.
Just pointed and said: 'that person" on his dartboard.
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/11/29/trump-to-nominate-steven-mnuchin-for-treasury-secretary-sources-say.html … Goldman Sachs and Soros owned
#NeverRomney
And your whole cabinet is filled with nothing but anti #LGBT gay bashers.
"DRAIN THE SWAMP"? @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE THE SWAMP !

@nytimes @seanhannity @oreillyfactor @newtgingrich @marklevinshow @HardballChris
#donald I'm mad at u@hiw could u ket Paul Ryan who hates u allie@u@to take away@health care he us a player

why do you refer to yourself in third person?
#BLowFish The Donald Sucks
#NeverRomney
Very disappointing. She's an insider. I didn't vote for DT to bring same wonks back. Garbage in Garb out.  Sad
so disappointed in your (?) decision and selections for cabinet
I guess you'll do one thing to make past presidents proud none of them will have to live with the worst president label
great choice!
