I'm there got tickets
Problem is he always gives out too many tickets will you be inside or outside.
I'll be inside love my TRUMP I'll get there early ready to support our Commander
Commander? Can't wait to see him lose another debate. Just a crybaby.
one way or the other you will see that @realDonaldTrump was the right option I'll pray for you cause you're going to need it!
Polls not in his favor. You are the one who should be bracing for a defeat. If Trump loses he will incite riots. Dangerous.
told you polls where wrong! Enjoy the loss and enjoyed watching the #TrumpTrain roll through you liberals
God help us all.
If you somehow pull this off imagine the drop off from Michelle to Melania. That's a steep cliff Donnie!
Actually it's an upgrade!!! Any woman that stands behind a man like #Obama isn't worthy of that position.
go back to what got you here. Walk out on that stage as the next president talk as president be the person we know you as
@EricTrump Good luck on tonight's final Presidential debate. Conservative/Republican Canadian for Trump. Make it happen!

Where you get to hear lies and excuses and yell until your little hearts are content. Btw Donald that's content not consent

Another campaign rally paid partially with taxpayer funds for travel and security? Your link doesn't even work... what a maroon...
Come see us in Pampa Texas.
Go on ye hapless folk for ur messiah, .@realDonaldTrump is ere 2 save ye all 4m d Apocalypse.Hallelujah!move aside O Lord for d Trump cometh
See you there Mr Trump
How can Hillary be surging ahead in the polls when her rally turnout is so poor and she doesnt have a people movement?
@EricTrump Mr Trump, please invite a mother whose child was killed by an illegal immigrant to debate! @KellyannePolls
TRUMP = WINNING!
When are you going to break out the koolaid? Hurry up!
Colorado?  What make you think they want you there?
@sairasiraj You did go to his rally didn't you?
no thanks
Slow turnout for Trump CO. Women not attending rallies. Trump slipping in polls by double digits.
No thanks, I don't wanna risk you doing performance enhancing drugs and groping me
Its so sad seeing and the naive HC supporters on your twitter. Why wont they just take 5 minutes are research? Wtf?...
No thanks. Loser.
Matt you should be get off Trump page you troll!
you may shock them all yet sir I'm starting to feel all this Wiki release has pull back the onion layers of corruption,
@GOP @CondoleezzaRice I am sorry you called Ms. Rice a bitch, you shouldn't name call your own party. #whinylilbitch!
I will not join you on a plane, I will not join you on a train, I will not join you anywhere you PUSSY GRABER @pattonoswalt
come to Thornton I will take time off from work to see you.
LOSER
Prepare for liberal thug "protesting"
NO THANKS I DONT WANT TO SEE YOUR TECHNIQUE OF GLAD HANDING
My co-workers and I are depressed we can't make it. We travel  the country for work and keep missing you. :(   Ft. Collins
sorry have better things to do like pick up dog shit
Finally got YouTube on my wide screen TV.  Will definitely be watching.
I think Trump is the best candidate for PRESIDENT. Enough is Enough.
vote #TrumpPence16  to help end government corruption
i'll know when you get here because of the stench..  don't get locked in another elevator!!!
I feel this is not a good idea. You should be preparing for the Debate. You are making the same mistake, Mr. Trump.Sorry!
.@realDonaldTrump sorry, I am afraid I can't come, you might grope my wife and daughters!
.@realDonaldTrump Look what the dirty Dems did 2 #COLORADO -->
Time to start organizing. Only 18 months behind Hillary.
save me a seat Mr. Trump . I live right down the road and will walking  see you soon
Are you going to confess to #PussyGate?
stay focused don't talk about women. Keep talk about important topics
I'd appreciate you staying out of my state please and thank you
will Ivanka and Melania be there? I want to grab them by the pussy
why are you in CO? Your polls blow chunks in that state. 
#sad
HEY MALIGNANT TOXIC CLOWN...
TUNING IN THE HOPE TO SEE TELEVISED HOW UR HEAD EXPLODES
don't want to waste my time listening to your lies
#rape accusations now in 20's. Russia now publicly deny any contact with #Trump. military boycott will take effect if T win
Go!
If you lose the election will donors get refunds w/ any cash still in the coffers? Is there a link to sign up for refunds?
don't vote for this conman #Colorado
thank you for working so hard for us.
My votes got sent in today. Good luck.

Where are your taxes?
you're just in CO to drink beer and smoke weed. Make America High Again, anyone? #MAHA
I love listening 2 you speak at rallies you're so mesmerizing! You know what America needs & want 2 work 4  the people !
Win Colorado! Did you have a chance to see or hear of the fiasco concerning the VA Hospital in Denver? Wasteful!
Their saying the pay Kennedy is no big deal! It's not that this didn't happen, it's how many more of these deals exist?!
sure wished we could
@Laneybaby004 Have A great time, remember snow is starting to fall in northern states like Colorado
I am poor wish I could see you. Go Trump I believe in you!!!!
Oh dear the tickets haven't sold out lol
Trump’s wall protects US citizens from Illegal Immigr.Criminals Hillary’s wall protects Criminal HRC from US Citizens
Criminal HRC built the biggest wall ever to protect herself using bricks & mortar made of  POTUS, DOJ, FBI & MSM
God Bless you Mr. Trump & I'll keep you always in my Prayers. Go ahead & bruise the Serpent head.
the more you speak the better things are for Hillary.
Hey I've got another page ready to go for tomorrow
no thanks. Ability to be "egged on" = not a suitable character trait in a president. Melania's excuses for you = EPIC FAIL

please dear god leave!!!  Our fantastic state does not need or appreciate your hate.  Don't come back ever
thanks for the warning.
Yup. . .  Colorado. . . Spend lots of time here,  Donny.
#SEXUALPREDATOR
Record early vote turnout amoung Latino and African Americans and they ain't voting for Trump once Republican states are 1
2) now Democratic states I guess I should thank Trump for something A Republican campaign strategist Steve Schmidt said the
3) Trump campaign has lost its over the media won't say it but it is ! Trump can't take losing & when he does rather then
4) lose like a man & with dignity he cries wrigged same thing he did when he lost at the Emmy's #NeverTrump
@EricTrump wikileaks and James O'Keefe if the American people aren't checking that stuff out don't call urselves Americans
is a must see folks. A true patriot. A voice for the American people, who have been abused for 20+ yrs by #HRC and gov.
if I could I will please talk more about us trump the people and say that we are very tired of lies and corruption help us
this state will turn blue as most of the battle states. It's a political shift coming on.
you want to win this tell all last debate that Americans are tired of corruption stuck up for us not yourself trump help us
@davis_levin Sir, your WI speech was excellent. Right on message .
Colorado Springs LOVES you! Can't wait! #MAGA
Colorado? HAHAHA!
Another state you are losing. Have you considered going to #AZ or is that too far away? #TrumpisTOAST
when r u preparing 4 debate?I respect your dedication 2 campaign but u have 2 b ready bc HRC has been studying for a week.
@MELANIATRUMP ,Great job on CNN! Good luck Wednesday night. #MAGA
save your money, Colorado doesn't want your rabies there!
hopefully they'll allow the great people of Colorado to vote this time! #americanismnotglobalism
Mr Trump will you please bring up HRC's opposition to the keystone Pipeline. Many union workers support the pipeline.
Tell the supporter's about the gagging of wikileaks Assange. Pressure from USA Obamas & Clinton's to stop the truth .
. @realDonaldTrump SAVE THE FUEL, UR DONE! . @seanhannity  @KellyannePolls @CNN @FoxNews @rudygiulianiGOP #NeverTrump THE TV THING WILL FAIL
No
Stay focused! You are doing great! Melania will bring in Women.  God is with you! You are fighting Crooked's Demons for us!
@EricTrump PLS Pres Trump get Assange safely eval to determine his med needs?Don't underestimate the power of compassion.
No.
JOIN your HATE TV...
please stay away from my home. I have a cat here and afraid of you touching it
Omfg Colorado does NOT WANT you.
Come to Fargo!!!
@ole_47 Wish I could
come to Denver I don't live in Denver but I live close to Denver. I live in the foothills West of Denver.
Love you Donald I support you 150%, but you're hrs away from me in the Springs, plus it's my birthday & I will be up north
Wish you were coming to Greenwood Village or south Denver in Colorado. Please come back to Colorado.  Go Trump for America!

The most punctilious, detailed indictment of Hillary Clinton & her unfitness to serve as #Potus that I've ever read. http://www.frontpagemag.com/fpm/264499/clinton-record-john-perazzo … 
Welcome back to Colorado !
Please get Cand. Darrel Glenn on stage, we need to replace Bennett ASAP !!!
@EricTrump making great points about what you are going to do for America in Wisconsin.  Watching g now.
all that wasted jet fuel for nothing, November 8th you will be getting a shellacking from crooked Hillary #NeverTrump
study stay focused composed Stern and humble
Need to start telling supporters to stop watching NBC, ABC, CBS, & CNN. Gotta punch back. 
we will see you there. My son is so excited!
no way. You're loosing and bad.
why?
Funny. Your wife basically called you weak and immature. lol
@EricTrump Ladies of Colorado hide...
it's over Donnie.  Hang it up.  Elections is already over. You lost. Time to go back and bankrupt another casino
you must to win Coloradoan Utah. Go Mr. Trump
Vote Trump Colorado!!!
#nevertrump
Please let them know you are 100% for medical Cannabis. They have business' that are always threaten by feds
@EricTrump You should put a sack over your head so they won't have to look at your funny face and hair.
- we are good we do not need oranges in colorado- we get ours from florida- just goo to Utah
@EricTrump I operate my own busy http://ProActiveSafetys.com  we provide EHS professionals and QA QC for heavy construction etc!
@EricTrump Hey @Matt above nobody invited you so take your "no thanks" N shove it up Hillary's kaboodle where you belong!
@EricTrump I'll be hugging YouTube watching you from Washington State! Give her hell Trump! 
@LouDobbs @ keep fighting for us.  We support you.  Stay on message.  You are going to be a great president.  I can't wait.
@LouDobbs why donald dont campaign in the swing states more?
@LouDobbs
@LouDobbs there are some really sick comments on here and the same one's appalled video 10 yrs ago! Hypocrites!!
Smoke some pot and grab some pussy
MAGA
dang I  won't make Colorado Springs till Wednesday
We all Know it's rigged, Just say Positive Message, & Your Plan to fix everything. God Bless You.
.@realDonaldTrump Yay! My chance to shake (tiny) hands with a real life sexual predator! How exciting.
Trump Energy! Energy! Energy! Trump energizing the nation! Hilary is limp, sedentary, sick and spent after a life of crime.
they film a lot of porn there.  You will love it!
DT, I can't stand the Clinton's. With that, you need to be a duck. When they make fun of you, water off the back. SNL Funny
I will be there #MAGA #Election2016 #Wikileaks
Nope.  I don't like you and I don't like your policies.
YOU NEED TO GO NUCLEAR ON HRC WEDNESDAY
Keep talking policy &we will take the White House
Please stay away! Stop wasting our time and resources.
@lizzydebbie God Bless you Donald Trump. Be safe. 
Use @wikileaks material in your commercials! Media won't cover it!!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qu8VippicnA&feature=youtu.be …
No thanks!
you prob won't win because the election is rigged but we love you! 4 years of hell
vote blue and stop crazy man from getting to white house! Trump now said he will meet with putin immediately after he wins!
Everything I hear from Colorado is nothing but good for Donald Trump.  And nothing but bad for the Killary
Start pounding the table on how this country has been screwed by dems- we love you!
No thanks... your gig is up. Unmasked. You are the scariest clown this Halloween. Boo.
I will be there to protest.  Love, mom
no thank you
Sticking to your wealthy, white, WASPy base, eh?  Good strategy. No one else want's you around.
@AmericanMex067 @jamielynne82 LOL!
Ummm...bummer looks like I'm busy... #NoThanks
Lets not and say we did.
