how will you bring back jobs? What companies are coming back??????
many parts of America have 20% unemployment, and those employed might only be part-time. Clinton can't fix it
again, which companies have pledged to return? Once they move their home base they won't return
right. Which ones have returned? Or are likely to?
I already learned to speak Chinese, and am planning to buy a house in Mexico for fear of a Clinton presidency
lol!
yet you hired people to build Trump tower and refused to pay those people...
he hired women and gave them equal pay
what in hell does that have to with him refusing to pay  people who built Trump tower?
he didn't build Trump Tower without paying. Entire communities were wiped out by Clinton's NAFTA ...and there is no job
Yeah I guess every last worker who took part building it is lying and so are his lawyers who are still waiting to be paid.
I don't think every last worker had a problem, and in most cases subcontractors are to blame if a worker didn't get paid.
Do you understand capitalism? @realDonaldTrump
he understands capitalism , and understands very well about how bad Clinton's trade agreements were
You cannot be pro-capitalism and anti-trade. @Alarictheconque @realDonaldTrump
there are many methods for both capitalism and trade. What good would capitalism be in a slave Society?
then why are your products made in China?
she won. YOU'RE  a sniffing narcissist who can't focus or act Civil.   VERY UNPRESIDENTIAL.   #DUMPTRUMP #WHINYBABYTRUMP
versus Clinton who would sell you to the highest corporate bidder. Its Malifecent vs Dracula. Whos better?
and Canadians get a vote how?
we dont. But we get to have an opinion. Its called free speech. Its in our constitution too. Like equality.
RME...when you can vote in our election your opinion will matter.   For now,  it's pretty worthless.  Hagd
Americans voted in Primaries and decided that Trump and Clinton were ur best 2 candidates? Speaks volumes. 2 party system. Great.
granted there wasn't Much to choose from in the prim. I didn't vote for either...but DT is def worse
meanwhile you use Chinese steel and hire foreign workers...
URGENT- Many ppl afraid to vote for u bcs they wrongly believe u want war. MUST STRESS truth -you don't, Hillary does.
Yes, please tell them that HC along with BO, have caused all the world's unrest due to the political elites.
what is there to lose by offering businesses lower taxes? We need lower tax to keep jobs here in U.S.  & pay benefits
Americans need to understand large corps need incentives to bring biz back to the U.S which will bring more jobs
why are non-citizens allowed to vote?  Obama said it's ok!!
You mean the one George Bush wrote?
Ur vision of America is archaic. U propose self isolation of America and prosper too. For this to happen must start WW III
You are a liar!
The women that have come forward told the truth and you know it!  Their accusations have NOT been debunked!!!!
truth. Neither has it been proven in court. Only in the court of public opinion. Look at The Cosby allegations.
So where is the court saying they were paid by the DNC??  Trump said he did it on tape!
how many things have you said to someelse have you done. Truth, lies or just saying stuff to look impressive.
None.  I particularly would not say something so egregious. You're just making more excuses for him.
I know Obama jas ruined this country big time. There are people like myself that are headed for Bankruptcy...
you don't pay your own workers what other hotels are paying in Las Vegas you can't fix things you make things worse.
Please tell us you make sure these vets are not saddled with this enlistment bonus mess. No their fault.
U have the vote of our whole family. Really, u purchace chairs from China over chairs from MTS in MI,  We all work there :(
It's Trump vs Truck . America must rise against Truck . Remember !
HE WILL SEND YOU PACKING BACK TO WHERE YOU COME FROM

so if you.@realDonaldTrump are in the #debatenight how can you be tweeting?
someone else is doing your tweets!
.@realDonaldTrump think of how much job creation you could cause by moving all your production out of China and back to USA!!!
That's true. But the lobbyists want china to be richer than us. They make the money. #LobbyistPuppet #HRC
Okay...how can you be tweeting?
he told you when he got on stage. He was turning his account over to his group of deplorable.
where are your products made!
You are a disgrace to America, to Americans and to all those who listen to your fear, terror and horror. Stop and go away!
I used to be able to quit a job and get 4 new ones in a day! Now people are clinging to jobs they hate!
We don't make things anymore because corporations can max profits in foreign countries, not going to change!
that's rigged
everyone start the hashtag #crookedtrump put it on everything plzzzzz
ok wtf does that even mean fucking blessed the bill whhhhhhaaaatttt
@niteowlmom3 twitter is blocking retweets

Listen 2 this NSA puppet.
Angry NSA insiders hacked DNC &
leaked the docs.
Tom doing damage control while…
You may not make things in the US anymore, but I do. And I sell some of them in China and India.
did you c her bless his bill?
and you haven't taken advantage of any of that I'm sure
Completely, factually incorrect. #FactCheckFail
shut up silly.
you make all your 'high quality' suits in China. #dumbdumb #hypocrite #isthisoveryet #Hillary2016
well then quit out sourcing jobs. Where are your clothes made again?
We've lost jobs and buisnesses because hateful and ignorant people like you drive them away.
I worked at Springs in Martinsville va. Undocumented Mexican workers made $600 plus a week. My check was $200. Same job.
Martinsville/Henry County Virginia used to have Textile factories, and Furniture factories. Now Mexico has them. SAD!!! :(
ur an idiot
nobody knows the military better than i do #loserdonald and nobody knows how to evade the military and taxes better than me
Tap out! You got your ass kicked!
you have my vote DT
We don't make things anymor 'cause others make them for us while our dollars go much further. DO YOU UNDERSTAND? #ImWithHer
and gw bush negotiated
you haven't helped :/ sending all your manufacturing overseas.
I'm a goat farmer, Regulations are keeping me from selling goat milk to people who want it. Fix the system.
love ur plan, thanks for being my voice.  Do the term limits.
Isn't Donald buying China steel at dumped prices for his buildings instead of USA?
STOP WHINNING.
wrong!
Apple make MacPros in the US. So you're talking bollocks
did you bring your products back, and why did you buy steel not made in the USA?
check your facts and where do YOU HAVE YOUR TRUMP PRODUCTS MADE NOT IN USA
this is a lie! We are a great Country stop putting it down! Check out your facts!
yet your ties are made in china.
Irony or sheer stupidity?
Donald you got my vote and a bunch more my family
MORE OF THIS!  MUCH MORE!  @KellyannePolls
#soright

funny you mention that. Your entire clothing line is made in China and Indonesia. You know it. I know it. Everyone knows it
NAFTA wasn't a trade bill -- Clinton sold this country out!
when you create all these new jobs, will they get paid before or after all the small businesses you already stiffed?
Jobs were going to Mexico well before NAFTA. Please explain how you bring those jobs back without crippling US business?
Funny, economy was strongest and unemp lowest EVER during Bill Clinton's presidency... so HOW did that lose us jobs & biz?
they don't care
how about you stop building overseas w your overseas money your clothes are even made over seas proven FACT. pig
Pick up household items, hardware, jewelry, clothing and misc at big box stores and almost everything says, Made in China.
Never Trump
wait! Isn't you crap made overseas? You sent American jobs overseas! What a #WhineyLittleBitch
Not where I live...in REALITY!!
You're "make America great again" hats... they're made in China.
we don't make things anymore because corps like you have other countries make your shit. Practice what you preach
liar. Reagan started the down fall and the republicans bargained with Bill and the. Stabbed him in the back. Study up
Manufacturing is not the only way to create new jobs. As technology increases we must change to new forms of employment
manufacturing was at an all time high in the 70s, and so was interest rates & unemployment due to trade wars you long for
More factory jobs have been lost to technology and robotics than Mexico. 20 yr from now 80% will be automated. Deal with it
I like cheap products from Wal-Mart. Why should 300 million America's suffer for a few million factory jobs?
You want this country to be stagnant when it's not. Where r the jobs you have in other countries. Talk about those jobs.
and you've used illegal or foreign workers in your businesses.
you've robbed it blind by not paying your fair share of taxes.
and buildings built with Chinese steel you have done nothing personally to contribute to this country.
says the guy who has furniture made in turkey ties made in China
where do you make your ties? Your shirts? Where do buy your steel? SHUT UP
I hold job fairs at colleges to hire engineers; there isn’t a white face in the room. Thank goodness for India.
You did help by doing business overseas and firing people to save you money.
Ypu blame Hillary for no change over 30 years...I didn't know she alone was in charge of America. There are 100 senators.
parrot! Same phrases
so much anger people. That does not work. Get behind your candidate and vote
We want the government's hands out of our pockets. When we need 2 pay for something worthy, we want 2 be consulted & heard.
Dude ur friggin uncool ties are made in China... Stop LECTURING  #MAGA
@bigboater88 HillaryClinton should be considered impeached Partner of Bill Clinton prohibited from running for office!
@bigboater88 America needs to be back on track to send manned missions to Mars and go back to the moon
@bigboater88 Osama Obama wrecked our space program. I revitalize space program is a must
@bigboater88 America needs a revitalize space program Mr. Trump. Why depend upon Russia?
Hillary is also STAGNANT! Trump 82 rallies and still going strong! Hillary 31 rallies and still looks tired and washed out
No one can survive on a 30 hour work week at $10.00 hr or less. It is killing us!
our country is ashamed of YOU
YOU did Amazing Sir!! Thank You For Being MY Voice!!
hey just wondering,  where are you and your immigrant wife's clothes made?
manufacturing in US at an all time high. 10 million jobs created by Obama. U can't just make shit up Donald !!!
Hillary Clinton WON THE DEBATE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU ARE FINNISHED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10/20/2016 8:19AM email Leak Release #13..
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/?q=&mfrom=&mto=&title=&notitle=&date_from=&date_to=&nofrom=&noto=&count=50&sort=6#searchresult …
what a hypocrite!
actually you're stagnant and annoying
and instead of helping little businesses u brag about having ur clothes made in other countries u don't care
She can turn it around....NOT YOU!!!!
do you and your daughter? Prove that you make things in the USA? You can't because you don't!!! #BIGASS!!!
says that guy that has his products made in CHINA

Trump-- "if we could run the country, the way I run my company"...US would've gone bankrupt 4 times, hired undocumented, stiffed contractors
.@realDonaldTrump so why did (and probably still do) buy off-shore materials?? What a hypocrite. Your platform is pure hate & scare tactics.
#DeleteYourAccount
says the guy who pays no taxes and imports his product from Bangladesh. U are a con don.
FYI  @BarackObama enjoys 57% approval & would easily beat you if he could run! @HillaryClinton will be President
I see that you are doing your fair share of sending jobs to other countries !!
Not only did Hi lary's husband sign NAFTA and she blessed it, but she also intimidated Juanita,Wiley,Jones.
& we are going to lose more jobs to all these damn freakin' foreigners coming over here in droves taking all America's jobs
Stop whining
You are the problem.
We still make bad TV shows like the apprentice.
I thought we don't make anything anymore because of business owners like yourself who choose to make there goods elsewhere
: Like the Pope, @HillaryClinton blesses now? Stop...wait...you're not going to accuse her of being @Pontifex next -- are u?
that started in Truman/Eisenhower's administrations. MNC manufacturing closer to battlefield, #accelerated under #Reagan

@SAKREV @realDonaldTrump Hillary Clinton would sell her soul to the devil to be president my mistake She already  has
The Clintons are EVIL.
no because you have all your products made outside the USA, China steel
NAFTA did not force Trump to ship his companies to Mexico, Russia, etc. And it's not stopping him from bringing it back.
great debate. Let's go win. A lot in NC do believe in you!!!!
movie Trumpland so great and real its and Oscar nominee for sure
Show me your taxes.
i love the commercials about how Trump is wrong about American jobs. But everything we buy is made in china.
@influx_Divine agreed as an entrepreneur and employer who has seen it
I, like you feel the system is rigged against you 100 percent. Pray for you to WIN IN A BIG Way. God save us from Hillary.
We also don't make things cause we don't have time as we're working longer hours & two jobs to pay for The Great Society.
I'm a 77 year old woman & I'm with you always. But Please don't use the word Bigly! Sounds childish. Win in a BIG Way! !!
1.4% is stagnate imagine if we were at china levels of 4 times growth would turn our country into a business center again!
chinas growth 6.7% for this QUARTER we avg. 1.4% over 8yrs of OBAMA economics HILLARY will continue! #Draintheswamp
how can it be stagnant if we are losing?
"wrong."
here in California business is booming with innovation while you export jobs. #loser tonight 3 straight. Sad  but true.

Reagonomics worked,till manufacturing was taxed out of here. That's what caused the 08 collapse. Cannot b more transparent!
yeah like your brand of shirts & ties #MakeChinaGreatAgain
O and she talked about the steel its her pals that caused thatwe have to buy foriegn building products including Steel wood
you lost #bigleague tonight, unprepared, #wrong, loser fair and square. Big league.
This is not exactly true as @JamesOKeefeIII showed she created jobs in Chicago and Arizona
Maybe you should buy American products and have your clothing made in the US, eh? You seem to outsource everything to China
is his attempt at presidency or massive bankruptcy the biggest Trump Dump? The spectacular year of incompetency surely is.
- How about you and your ties made in China, your shirts made in Bangladesh, other items made in Mexico?
http://youtu.be/SYoOPgeTMQc 
if only u understood the rule of law n this country one person alone can not fix anything that's why HRC can't fix issues
we dnt make anything here anymore? U mean like everything u own that was made overseas? Nice try
indeed, we need technology, and innovation, most of all we need a change in our values, not money being chief among them
Can never lead by example, wouldn't hold accountable or take responsibility of anything, but dreamt of being #POTUS?!?! WTH
you suck!
you were a Clinton campaign donor and supporter you benefited #CokeHeadTrump #ReleaseYourTaxes #truthisbeauty #debatenight
You complain about companies leaving, when you yourself have companies in other countries producing things.
@CJSensible Your the manCountry is on your sideStay strong,we need someone who tells the truth unlike what we've had4yrs
you are an example of what's wrong with the world. it ends soon tho
major labor shortage in California.. Can't find any employees to fill our openings.
but your ties are made in China oink oink
: Good morning sir! IF u & your team r smart, you'll talk this up between now and #ElectionDay:
HILLARY'SPRESIDENCYISNTBILL'SPRESIDENCY
