Pence is so nice he'll send your gay kid to conversion therapy so they'll be straight or kill themselves trying!
is full of bull 
if @realDonaldTrump had said Obama was full of bull, the black community would have called it a racist remark.
Kaine is rude and annoying, #VPDebate
And Kaine was prepared to give his talking points by being ignorant lashing out in ignorance
Too robotic on Kaine's part, #AmericaFirst agrees
so uneducated, what do you expect
Pence came across as sleezy used car salesman trying to sell you a car he knows is junk.  That is you.
he hates gays, yet you say your for LGBT? He is for TPP you are not.
It takes a Bull Shiter to know a Bull Shiter.
Kaine was rude! Interrupting is a bad character flaw.
I guess you'd know about bull better than anyone.
keep reading your teleprompter it's your only chance.
Run-on sentence. Start a new sentence at "he's." Even better, use a semicolon, which makes you look sophisticated.
yeah, like an SS Colonel
@IDIOTKAINE,"DO NOTHING"WELL, have another now"Do nothing"@TerryMcAuliffe! VA has suffered under both!Kaine and McAuliffe! Investigating
Mike was WONDERFUL.  IN THE NEXT DEBATE. DON'T LET HER GET UNDER YOUR SKIN! We need you as President!
mike shows his strength
Funny you should mention this-I have heard you referred to as a 'bumptious, bloated water buffalo'!
talking lies.
https://twitter.com/Fahrenthold/status/784484724131717124 …
kaine is also quite sissy.
Will Clinton and Kaine stop talking about Trump and start talking about their vision for America.
you like him because he follows you around and tells you how great you are! #EgomaniacTour #stupidDOPE
Pence should on the top of the ticket because u r nuts.
Bull? Like the one with horns? Is that a bad thing?
you r insane and incompetent.
Pence is certainly more likeable than you!
: Kaine is a idiot like killary, voting Trump and Pence.
once again you're projecting your faults on other people
They both are talking Bull, but Pence id doing it better.
@PatriotsTribune @ifdanyt @mike_pence I thought kaine wanted to vote pence
@IDIOTKAINE, He was a "DO NOTHING GOVERNOR!! He sat in the Governors mansion and did NOTHING! Look, VA has another one now @TerryMcAuliffe!!
America will vote #TrumpPence16 
@realDonaldTrump @timkaine  @mike_pence
I'm a deplorable too. Trump's going to kick butt! Love it!
You are a #shortfingeredvulgarian
Lol, you liberals never cease to entertain!
Hillary made a bad choice. You have proven you have great judgement in character
he sure talked around you!
Danny is delusional, he should never have supported you Trump.
Im glad they had the debate...We got to know Pence and Kaine Better....Pence is the man....
and you have no sense...idiot!
You should know.
Mike Pence is polite,cool,he won people's vote.He also was strong in most solo appearance in rallies
KAINE IS THE ULTIMATE MONSTER. OH NO CLINTON IS AND HE IS SECOND
Seems 2 run in DemocRAT party
No he's closed down with a very hard shell. Very little humanity in his demeanor. Lots of arrogance.
no one has ever called pence likeable.
@PhdFor @ifdanyt Kindly "policeman like" @mike_pence calmly gave Kaine a warning for behaving like a "creepy clown".
.
Some of Kaine's lies so blatant don't know where he got that from laughable & desperate
@os4185 @ifdanyt @mike_pence 75% of what Jaune said blatant lie every schoolgirl knows! Pence showed great restraint CLASS
PENCE is lying for you and in denial - he won't back you up on some things..LOSER
No more #corruptclintons in the WH, who knows what they would rent out this time!
Americans have been VERY depressed for the last 8 years under Obama qne HILLARY!
It's still less than 1% compared to the BS you come up with!
haha. Pence is as sensible as the devil
Kaine is just plain weird with a big loud mouth!
- How can Trump et al. be "likable" and "sensible" when they are neither? Typical self-destruction.
Biden, now Kaine.  It is law that the Democrat VP be one of those creepy clowns we been reading about?
Many bigots sound likable and sensible.
Trump coking & watching porn again
full of bull is what he is.
Kaine parroted EVERYTHING Hillary keeps repeating-then he repeated it over&over.Sounded clueless.
Kaine laughable but The moderator Elaine Quijano was a totally disgusting hack
unlike you, bwahaha
so agree pence kept it classy yet made his points kaine was an angry elf
wrong
He's great isnt he? So glad finally a govt official who says cigs dont cause lung cancer!
kaine is hills robot

There is nothing likable about a man who wants to do away with women's rights.
it's sad when the GOP VP candidate is 10x as good as the presidential, and still isn't that good 
He should be in your place and u in his.  He's at least an adult.
I don't know why Pence agreed to be your VP he is only dragging himself further down than he was.
nobody is likable in this election
Pence looked like a cross between Draco Malfoy and a pedo preacher. #VPDebate
I don't apply that to either VP candidate
Please define "likeable"
Preparation is the key! Advisers, please do more rehearsals with T on how to deflect, stay on offence, and not taking bait
Pence threw you under the bus, wouldn't defend you. You lost the debate and you wasn't even there.
he is not likable at all  KAINE is not just likable but lovable
They try to add numbers to their arguments to fool the people into believing.
Childish Kaine is Missing A Bunch of Links From His Chain. He Loves Filthy Lucre Like His Running Mate
Except that he'd gas the gays if he could. My state is happy to be rid of him.
at first I thought your tweet said likeable & huggable. That would be a new dynamic for sure.#bromance
Yes, Mr Pence is a smart gentleman! Kaine was rude, snarky, annoying. #TrumpPence16
Kayne is embarrassing himself. He sounds almost as dumb as @realdonaldtrump...
Kaine is H. attack dog.
Pence is a sock puppet.
#Delusionaldonald
@thejewelseeker Why doesn't your daughter pay her jewelry supplier?

Kaine was So good this evening. As good as Hillaty was when she tarred & Feathered u during your debate
maybe he took a page out of your book.  #kingoftalkingbull
lijeaboe? I found him smug and not able to answer a question or defend ... http://tmi.me/1ffY86 
@ArmorCavSpin @ifdanyt @mike_pence yes Donald see if you can do some of that
Cane is Clinton's honey -Do 
you spoke the words out of my mouth. Blessings.
You're going to prison, nazi.
.....mirror mirror....
mr president please take notice of how our vice president was tonight he did an awesome job America loves him
Class & didn't rudely interrupt like whackadoodle Kaine
now I know why Hilary chose Kaine. He's just like her,smug,rude and lies.
. true!!
Kaine is unhinged and so disrespectful by constant interruptions!! Very annoying!!!!
Pence was very professional.
the Gentleman Diplomate won against @timkaine the Jerk Politician!

he's condescending and obnoxious far from loving or respectable. How you say, "believe me".
the people who like pence (and trump) are idiots too stupid to realize they are out to screw them; and not in a good way.
Divorce your wife and marry Pence since u adore him so much.
KAINE IS FULL OF BULL
kaine is a D-BAG.

@megynkelly 
Putin is a strong leader in Russia. That's no lie.maybe bad leader but he is.why r u so combative?
why don't you switch with Pence?
Pence was awesome tonight! Go Trump campaign! Yay! God Bless America!
Hillary is going to be a truly magnificent 45th President and Commander-in-Chief of the United States!
vomit
defending your lies
I was totally impressed!!
He is a bigot just like you..
Tim K hit Drumf every sec of the Debate: Branding him as a very poor Businessman & a Tax Cheat! Good!
- not very likable to the #LGBT community
Pence was prepared for the debate he showed dignity class and respect. Can just went to sling mud.
talking bull like you Donald
MIKE PENCE FOR PRESIDENT! !!!
A little defensive aren't you?   Maybe because Pence won't defend you on so many issues.
Kaine is like a rabid dog! Manic. So out of touch  with struggling families
unlike Trump!
Pence is playing his long game. Just saying.
Maybe he shld be the top of your ticket!
Pence spent the whole time trying to defend you!
Mike Pence is puppet with no fucking brain. Best advice, hammer Hillary next debate.
I DISAGREE. PENCE DID A REALLY GOOD JOB. KAINE LOOKED LIKE AN UNHINGED IDIOT. CUZ HE IS.
KAINE WAS ONLY QUOTING YOUR LOVELY STATEMENTS.
wishes he could speak like @mike_pence who is on the top of the ticket.
He's about as likable as you!  Woo Hoo!
no Kane was stating the truth and facts. Mike had a hard time defending trump.
Pence is only for himself.  Go Hillary!
@megynkelly the ? Was if abortion is illegal who should get in trouble?Well, the doctors and the women
you picked the best man to work with you to MAGA
IS THE WINNER!
TIM KAIN AND CROOKED HILLARY ARE THE UNFIT DANGEROUS RACIST OF AMERICA!
At least someone in the Trump campaign is likeable.
Need 2 drive home - 1 person's tax rtn is so minor vs all of taxes paid by Trump Org. & it's employees
Learn how Pence handles liberal attacks and do it in the next debates!
@megynkelly Trump criminalizing women who have abortion it was on a hypothetical question.
He was talking truth.  Everything can be backed up.  Your so deceitful and shady
Kaine must be doing Hillary. We all know Bill is doing everyone else but her.
trump are you saying that Kaine sounds  like you?
@CrusaderTrump @ifdanyt @mike_pence Why doesn't Benzahgi mentioned. Sold guns to and the soldiers and prime minister died.
yes it kinda sounds like you a bunch of bull.I'd rather keep #Obama in the white house then a creep like u
I AGREE! My win-win proposal: HRC releases 33k emails, you drop out, I vote for Mike. #artofthedeal
Kaine is a child.
Totally agree!
Pence looked like he was having brain cramps. Can't defend the indefensible Trump.
That's why we love him in Indian, I'm so glad you picked him! Great Exec Decision TRUMP-PENCE
Gay love
it's scary to think if Maine became president if Hillary got sick lol wow scary stuff
@TrumpPense4WH @ifdanyt @mike_pence Pence didn't lower his standard he won this debate
You should be so proud of Mike. I am. Now that is how to debate, strong, calm, not rude, didn't take the bait.
@StevenPalen @ifdanyt @mike_pence He's soils as a rock. He's being interrupted more than you were too! Kaine is rude.
your the biggest bull artist.
You're worse. Way worse.
really like Mr.pence
no he is not likable. I don't trust him at all# choice is your big soft spot. Women will vote you down.
