MUSLIMS ARE ANTICHRIST THEY DENY THAT JESUS IS THE SON OF GOD
Domestic extremist murderers past 10 yrs
74% right-wing extremists
24% Islamic extremists
Too bad #Trump HATES facts
74% of murders committed by domestic extremists over the past 10 years were committed by right-wing extremists, 24% by Islamic extremists 
keep going brother.Its time to wipe these fanatics off the face of the earth.
KEEP AMERICA SAFE!  KEEP MUSLIMS OUT OF AMERICA!  CLOSE ALL MOSQUES IN AMERICA & BAN ISLAM!  NO MORE TERRORISM!
Hey you! Mind me I'm only twelve and I am proud to say I am Muslim out loud and those aren't Muslims they are just purely stupid people
he was driving a truck. When did he say that?
Bang their dead end of that
You are not the President of any other countries You are the President of the Us You can't make rules for them HELP US
not one person from those countries did an act of terrorism the ones who did were American citizens
Amen.,
We appreciate your tremendous leadership in US for restoration of peace and tranquillity in the World
We need you to pass extreme vetting rules Mr. Trump!  BUILD THAT WALL AND DRAIN THE SWAMP!!
just before crime who did he say it to the dead polish truck driver sat next to him. He didnt say it to his victims.
(-ι_- )
If  any of us use Nukes or russia or china or North korea use nukes or iran use nukes we are all fools ,radiaion kills.
You called for an arms race. Now you are calling for a Religious war? You have brass balls for a guy who got 5 deferments
not his ass on the line, he doesn't give a shit #TheResistance #notmypresident
clearly. We are doomed. #BigotInChief #FromRussiaWithHate
just tell me one thing in ur eyes Muslim are not Human?Syria, Afganistan , Pakistan, Kashmir alot Muslim killd no statmnt?
Just horrible
What's your point?
yea, most killers talk some shit before they kill people!
so very sad.

After that kind of statement the Obama Administration and the left still cannot say it's radical Muslim extremists. Crazy..
I have just joined twitter like 2 days ago for you !!! I like your constant knowledge it keeps me enlightened .
why r you silent on pakistan which is the biggest terrorist producing islamic country , declare pakistan as terrst country
I guess you forgot pigs mean white people. Malcolm X @SpikeLee
Looking forward to your leadership in the world..
when you feel Guantanamo give them all pork to eat bacon and eggs pork fried rice they will love it haha starve terrorist

actually if you look at real numbers, you're wrong.  But drink the kool aid while the traitor trump kills us
heres real things for person you wanted
you fell HARD for that Russian propaganda, didn't you old man 
his brain is old it just wants to do what it's told without thinking


what terrorists?

And you have said things very similar in their sentiment so... what?
would you mind citing your source - and your intent?
God doesnt ask to kill and doesnt teach to do bad.They are fake people who are not religious.
Is that going to be your oath of office?
yes this is what the extremist call none Muslims
WELL thank GOD we have THE CHAMPION as our PRESIDENT NOW WE STOP PLAYING SWEET OUR MILITARY IS BACK NO MORE ON OUR KNEES!
You have restored my faith and I know that you will do all you are able to protect and defend this great nation of ours.
there is not a rational reason to hear anything he had to say whatsoever that pig, coward, weakling!
Stop. Just stop. How can you imagine this random shit is helping Americans? Fear, nuclear holocaust, destabilization. STOP!
I put my trust in you, we can no longer be pushed around by those who want to do us harm. God Bless all in this time......
#ByGodsWill You're going not going to be a very good president-elect 
*****#1PRESIDENT*****
Vett them before we even think about letting more in.
unfortunately my darling ....they're already here ...Tremendous
I agree. It's so very scary. Why don't we hear moderate Muslims condemning their horrific actions. They dont
Of course they don't because Islam can't co-exist with other religions.
I get that but why don't they speak against them.
How long until the follow up tweet? Let recite "whip...nae nae" until you do...
Watch me nae nae. Oh watch me watch me. Oh watch me watch me. Oh watch me watch me. Oh oh oh oh...
they really hate pork. If only they knew smh

And many christians have uttered god's name as a reason to kill, in direct opposition to the commandments. Your point?
Can't wait for your Inauguration Day! All the A-list performers will be...nowhere near you.
Love this!
you are on an ISIS recruiting poster. Please show us your tax return. Thanks in advance, America.
What a racist! What will you do? Have everybody in the military dip their bullets in pig's blood?
Deuteronomy 31:6
Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the Lord your God goes [1/2]
Prov 21:23 
Whoever keeps his mouth and his tongue keeps himself out of trouble.
https://twitter.com/Engineonfiremus/status/811030599121022976 …
you will crush ISIS!
and how many US a soldiers will go down with them
maybe you'd like to send yourself to go negotiate with terrorists instead, if you think that's better
I don't really know what's better. I just don't want war like millions and millions of other Americans
we have been at war for 233 years. Now you are concerned?
REPEAT KIND WORDS PREZ 
YOU re are unifying powerful mprz
for Zion sake I will not be silent for all Jewish people who need messiah
over trump
Nigeria has dealt with us , we want #FreeBiafra
SOUNDS LIKE SMTH YOU LL HAVE IN YOUR MIND HAHA
it's TIME!
it's time they turn off far right propaganda in the military
Please @realDonaldTrump,tell our Angela #Merkel to stop her insane #refugee-policy,endangering German lives & start looking after GER again.
Just trust #Trump. He will clean up soon!

is a billionaire but still never lost touch for the average American. We KNOW his true history.  Sorry.
We'll see! Merry Christmas!
well, look at it this way, we know #CrookedHillary was funded in part from SOROS which she even admitted.
Dear Mr Trump, this 1st of all is Germany's business ... not yours. Who has been seeding hate since ages will harvest hate.
your heart for this country is the best yet. Keep going and stay frosty my future president. 
Weird how they can keep the fight going for so long though. Gotta get away from oil economy
It's a shame once they kill themselves they can't come back to let others know they don't receive 100 virgins-instead- HELL
that can't be the one true God. They don't hold to his teaching.
@Trump_World people talk b sensible to Islamics! They kill, do whatever and we must be nice n polite! WRONG! God is w us!
@DrGertJanMulder Kranten wirden steeds, steeds nuttelozer wegens 0 - berichten. Hierover lazen we niets.
where did you ear that? False info as usual
REMEMBER TO WISH MERRY CHRISTMAS TO PUTIN ON 7TH JANUARY, REAL,ORTHODOX DATE FOR CHRISTMAS
He won't b doing the slaughter anymore?
you were there? Why didn't you do something? Oh I forgot .. combat aversion right ?
yeah the whole world will die first with you in office before ne thing else happens
Hey Donald forget about the religious revenge because It will cause a huge conflict in the world
Israel: "We told you so"
I think you should go the Germany...or maybe Chicago.
you are a great man. I was born in 1963 and grew up with your accomplishments. God bless you sir!
.@realDonaldTrump 

What kind of God ... and what kind of religion is that?

An insane concept ...
OH SH*T IT'S DONALD TRUMP
You just make things up and expect people to believe you #LordOfLies #putinpuppetaspresident #whinerinchief #46thOf58
hey!!! How does it feel to be the most HATED 'man' in America?
This man said nothing because no one have seen him.
8 yrs ago we were told "appeasement " is the answer, BO will del. Orlando,
Berlin, San Bern, Ft. Hood, 
How many more?
fuck my ass daddy
People who want to kill anyone sadistically will always be with us, but we can resist them with weapons and humor.
same thing Hitler did when he was "making Germany great again"
I think he is just saying what on most minds. I think there is nothing good about Islam.
did you get that straight from Vlad's hacking crew? Did he tell u on the phone when he whispers sweet nothings in ur ear
Obama has made us less safe by eliminating the tracking data base that was built to protect America.
sounds like something you would say
I have to fact check that... just like everything that comes from your mouth.
What a destructive, evil god he served The true and living God, came to give us life and life more abundantly!
MR.PRESIDENT TRUMP.!!! I WISH YOU ALL OF BEST IN HIS FUTURE PRESIDENCY. MERRY CHRISTMAS ALONG HIS FAMILY AND NEXT KIND.
this man appoints white nationalist and damn near Nazis and you all tell us to just accept him as our prez 
You were there?
us normal people want to do. We now u will buy your kids out of going like ur daddy did for you.
Pres Trump please keep up the grte work we're all behind you. Cut out the liberal media and the dems build up our troops.
Finally a president that cares about the innocent and will protect them
They must be stopped and Mr President Trump, I believe you will do it. I continue to pray for you.
learn how to close quotes, or you will be very much misunderstood. words matter now donny
mr President Sir! My radar is lite up big league with muslim who are Anti-American- living in our land.Check pariscope!MAGA
And Christian say back. In the name of Jesus, We take pity on the souls of those who kill in the name of God.
sir thank you for your service to OUR country, your comment to restoring American greatness  and protecting America
please stop tweeting.
we will end there terror with you as president. Merry christmas mr president elect
do you consider the consequences of your tweets? Worse than an email server
http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/08/03/opinion/why-trump-is-not-like-other-draft-dodgers.html …
of course that is their cult religion meanwhile we have those bleeding hearts who want to embrace them
The words of a true statesman and diplomat. Comforting for the families I'm sure.
gonna give a speech before you push the button, or just planning to announce armageddon over twitter?
you want to PEACE you need to be smarter, but you are a BULLY
BOO!
we need the band
most Americans are behind you! Keep up the greatwork
whites built and created.
We are supposed 2 feel bad cuz whites were the only ones with the brains, ingenuity & the balls 2 do the world?!!
What will your legacy be? Will you help bring forth an era of peace, prosperity and be a blessing to the world?
when will you learn that your HATE inspires them...stop tweeting nonsense!
You delusional as usual, and fear mongering. Hope you enjoy your Christmas. While others go hungry. And pushed out site.
staged hoax here's your proof https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPL5-DrLntE …
so?
what is your point? were they shouting these on the roofs of buildings in New Jersey again?
... I think the terrorist need to know that there can be a gun behind ever tree here
Then stop helping them recruit local Muslims by telling them they don't belong.
please try and get the Military bands to play at the inauguration
WRONG
was that the nazi's ?
Yeah Mr genius figure it out
Raising the fear factor again. Let's talk about missing tax returns. #RESISTANCE
what？
Natürlich macht einen soviel Hass und Wut betroffen, ja sogar wütend.
YES MY FRIEND! FIGHT BACK WITH ALL STRENGTH AND POWER. Please fight back. Make them return Chistian Churches they stole.
He took the words right out of my mouth!
um, gods shouldn't be capitalized. There is only one God but you can reference other gods. Did you take History classes??
crazy!
and you are still scarier than him. We see through your games. That's all you are.

Help! Obama is releasing 22 more Gitmo detainees who have & still want 2destroy us, I beg you Potus Trump stop the madness
R U wanting to go to war that BAD?Sending our kids to war isn't something
Did he not have any speech marks at the end..? Oh wait that's your pathetic grasp of English.
always heard pigs were very mean, aggressive animals, especially when provoked.
but because of this we should not kill all people of certain Religion or Race,Not all may be same,but surely KILL TERRORISM
they serve the devil evil does evil and thinks it's good poor blind and stupid fools have no clue and the devil smiles on
Source?
