"I have a very good brain;...I talk to myself."
Your past isn't so stellar either, Chump!
UR "ANGEL" rolled around in an interracial lesbian photo-shoot. Happy #PrideMonth to her!Does VP discriminate against her?
Write coherent sentences much, Donny?
That is the selective amnesia.........
NON-TAX PAYING FREELOADING FAMILY,...WELFARE.
Your gonna get YOUR ASS KICKED,...by your new FRIEND?/ BUSINESS PARTNER;....PUTIN
The PIOSONOUS ORANGE SKITTLE knows things other people don't;...
what a FRAUDS/HYPOCRITES,...he & FAMILY really ARE!
Donald your'e the one with Crooked brain, by the way you started bad and you will be and bad.
Hit her w/Benghazi, hit her w/the child rapist she got off the hook. She's got endless baggage, hit her w/it.
just like you background checked your GA campaign director....right
Did you check Melania's past? #nevertrump #ImWithHer
Lol!
http://www.snopes.com/alicia-machado-adult-star/ …
can dmcrts make up stories and then believe them...like repblcns? Trump up all nite on coke high tweeting about porn. Lol
FUCK HILLARY... VOTE TRUMP!!
when the past comes back and hit you instead right in the *** #karma @HillaryClinton
we are always here for you
Are we going fund Haiti through 
The Clinton crime foundation, by way
Of the Red Cross? Like 2010!!
you are so mean I'm sorry for your wife money can't buy a good man
yous a ho
@Veronik65123676 Just what we need in the White House; somebody easily duped near the nuclear button!!!
Wow , you are a self centered ego maniac . 

You would certainly know
Let's check YOUR past you misogynistic jack-ass!  You don't want that to happen with your assault on a 13 y/o girl coming!
Hillary grants license to arms dealer selling weapons to Libya;case dropped today so not to hurt her election!CORRUPTION!!!
let's look at your past you fool. I think maybe there is mental illness in there somewhere.
..if u knew about d tape or murder case,why did u still represents her in d peasant business?make Trump great again
who is this with you in the picture ? coz it seems to me that you are happy, with the same woman you are attacking :D
WRONG!!! She never said she was an angel. And this is about you bullying her at age 19, so don't change the topic.
cause your past is so perfectly stellar? #justkillyourself
really? A man of your stature can't be more respectful in your deflection....just say I'm sorry!
You have humiliated the US around the world with your ignorant campaign. #circusclown
@HFA @HillaryClinton  Yup. #Criminal
have a great afternoon! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwVxJFF6afA … @HFA
Yup. The girl is a criminal.
Stop posting about politics. #Criminal https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwVxJF  #GetAwayDriver
LOL....what you are doing with these tweets ARE NOT working Donald. Psy. 101. Reverse psychology...and you suck at it. LOL
Let's check your past, Mr. T! Karen Johnson ring a bell?
bullshit
1997 interview with CBS "she really has turned out to be one of the great miss universes I will say." #ConManDon #LyinTrump
Did that give you PTSD, you baby?
stay with politics abd beat hillary . dwell on her Alzheimer's disease and  politics. not fat women.
get off the universe contest you dumb fucker
please push hard at next debate about issues. Emails, American deaths, foundation, etc Make her accountable-no rabbit holes
pretty sure she checked, but she doesn't care. Rules are different for demomarxists.
Hey, wait a minute, come to think of it, you used her long before that. Your first duped, your first first!
Pls just forget Alicia Machado thing & focus on issues. We need you as POTUS!
Name calling...not presidential!!
Too many government agencies moving to be federalized including software and systems. States MUST stay in control
by bringing this girls past, will only improve our economy.
was it before or after she was fat shamed by you? Oh wait, it does not matter.
you are "tax compliant " which is the only thing that maters. If everyone in the USA was tax compliant we'd be better off.
just keep tweeting!
Killary used the Miss USA story against you. Remind people you showed grace and helped one Miss USA who used drugs.
NOT TRUE AS I GOT AN EMAIL TODAY SAYING HOW TERRIBLE YOU TREATED PEOPLE BEHIND THE CURTAINS!!
you were in the porn video not het.
CRAZY!
When we have been forgiven we don't have to worry about our past.  Maybe you should try it.
move on donald talk about things that really count
what's up with the name telling? You're 70 years old.. didn't your parents taught you respect towards people? #DumbTrump
You mean the Miss Donut Dolly Contest?  Professional model for Duncan Donuts?  Don't use this!  Just smile!
900 million..
So now you claim to "own" these contestants? You own buildings, not women. #ImWithHer
Criminal Hillary n Criminal Alicia
You mean the way you checked into Pastor Mark Burns' past? 

Pot->Kettle, Donny.

https://youtu.be/6bVF3xbjPTg 
#CROOKEDdonald the end.
#hillary must have copied #trumps #killary tax return Show NO taxes paid #blindamerica. #votetru
Donald.. HAMMER HER! You have a plethora of things to choose from..we are waiting. 
#neverhillary
aja
you have Hillary beat in the crooked business letting so many  people loose their business's because you didn't pay them
#Trump @realDonaldTrump Let's discuss the 'past' behavior of 2 men who can't say a damn thing about INFIDELITY! #RudyGuliani
Don't fall in to the trap. Stick with the fixing the real problems we're facing and you will win.
YOUR worst Miss U?
never said angel.
LISTEN TO NEWT !!!
.. I hope Trump is listening to Newt!!!!
You're past is nothing to brag about either, old man. #SnifflingTrump
.If you are a patriot
Why you have not paid taxes in 18 years?
According to the US newspapers
because she's above the law that's why he should be in jail for the money you stole from other
why don't you ask Hillary if she got all her money why doesn't she getwhy don't you ask Hillary if she get audited
Crooked #Trump wants to DUPE & USE #AfricanAmericans to win the election. Watch out! He's cheating on them! He's dangerous!
no one cares about this woman Alicia M. Move on.
@Bernardv777 both r puppets #hillary #trump #obama #usa #isis #jfs #sept11 #controlleddemolition #twintowers #money #fucku
this is the most important issue!!!
don't mention Miss Universe again. Nobody cares. Smile and motivate the voters.
you're right there are no sources for your campaign just your raving rants
would your organization clear their backgrounds? #Liar #CrookedTrump #PayTaxes
so what about her past! She still doesn't deserve to be psychologically abused by you! NO ONE DOES!
I can guarantee you Reagan never wrote the pretend word "duped".
your just an gift from god aren't you with such a clean past so clean you get the right to make fun of others past
Irrelevant!
oh wow ms worst arent you so tough
We spent a week on this non-issue! You weren't running for potus then, you are now. Stop getting dragged into this doodoo.
Wow, CROOKED #TRUMP has duped, used & ruined so many people in his awful life. He has always acted like a demon, terrible!
wow crazy donald is so upset he never slept with her he created a sex tape of her in his own mind
I'm looking forward to the debate between Mike Pence and Casper Milquetoast on Tuesday.
where are these ppl does it involve media i'm a little busy do I have to stop RON BROWN SUICIDE BY CLINTON PPL IN JAIL NOW
It's the cocktail circuit verses the twitter people,  secret is, cocktail people all had jobs,  but rarely did they work.
Unfortunately You are mislead
You weren't faithful to any wives...were you, Donald?? THAT's your past!!
your past is what's terrible
#Misogynist #Trump how can u refer to Ms Machado as *your* Miss U? She didn't belong to u. But she had the scoop on u. PIG.
His facts are right; the "Donald" is a serial adulterer.  WAKE UP!  There's nothing under the hair but an empty skull!
Your past is far more disgraceful than hers: triple marriages, equal # of dalliances, serial lies, over and over and over.
thanks for saving the Clinton Campaign ad dollars Donald. Keep up the good tweets! You're the best weapon Hillary has.
#youreanidiot
. Focus on what is important not something from 25 years ago mr. Trump you're the best you don't have to prove it to us
everybody wanted their women to be healthy and looks beautiful. Even men now felt the same too
To donnie the crooked man and media whore, trump: If her past was so bad why did you let her compete?
DONALD ALSO SHOW AN ADD WHEN SHE SAID "WHAT DIFFERENCES DOES IT MAKE" IN REGARD TO BENGHAZI
what does this have to do with important issues?  May stay home, not vote, watch Hillary's victory, cux you chased drama
feel sorry for ur gullible supporters who are so caught up in their hate tht they are mistaking it as for luv for America.
what about your past - Tax evading thief, Philandering sexist, orange faced orangutan.
pull up your big girl pants.
one can say the same about You and your wife!
please concentrate on obamacare and benghazi not miss Universe. Your polls drop which I don't believe in but stay on point.
Miss U can't Bck-Up her remarks No-one verifying her Lies
Manchaco is a criminal in her country that why she fled to US
Mr Trump give it up on Alicia Manchado We All Know SHE IS A LIAR don't mention her again You're giving her air time
#thanksalicia for once again Showing us what a deplorable man trump is.
never said she was angel, only that you endlessly harassed her, fool
 You just got #Roasted @HillaryClinton  and shame on you and your lies. You hate all Americans, were all #BasmentDwellers
I can't believe 3 tweets changed the race. I hate the media.  We have to play their game until after election.
20yrs ago,who cares your policies more important to America
why are you keeping this story a Alice. Turn it around man!
you sound like a Maniac. Get some sleep
who was your best Donald?
- Devious She Devil!
THE WOMEN NEEDED SHOW TYPE OF ATTENTION AFTER 20 YEARS OF AN EMPTY LIFE... WHERE DID THEY DIG HER UP FROM
l thought people had become stupid. But now that I see you I know they have
let's check your past. Show us your taxes.
horrible and I hardly believe any military past, present, or future trust Mao Tse Hillary! After 20yrs of service I don't!
Your past is terrible, and our potential future with you is frightening.  You are such a baby. and your kids are the same.
You have had several campaign chairpersons, your current advisors have sullied pasts.  Perhaps you should check them out.
Wow.  Your worst Miss U.?  You own Miss U's?  Your attitude towards women is deplorable.  Your supporters are not, you are.
no taxes no potus
@TIME
Meet The Trump Supporting Pastor Who Was Busted For Klaiming Kappa Alpha Psi
What a great past you have. why should we care about her past. she is not tuning for office you are. Stop bitching, work
If you listen to New Gingrich and deflect her mud slinging you will win and our country needs you very much!
true.. @machadooficial knew the rules #MissUniverse & she careless about it.that shows that she didnt take care job serious
he's not against women, just contract breakers
SNL exactly the way the world sees you.  Believe it.  #hewillnevershowhistaxes
lets check your past. Starting with your taxes...
shut up and do another line
PLEASE TELL US WHY MISS MACHADO WAS DISGUSTING BECAUSE SHE WOULDN'T LET U PUT UR TINY LITTLE HANDS ALL OVER HER U STUPID B
audited every year and  not finding that you should pay taxes = their flawed tax code doesn't work.
Duped? Yeah you have been honest your whole life.. pay your bills FATTY
#trumpsafucktard #imwithher #debatenight #fucktrump
#DirtyDonald #imwithher #imwithher #DirtyDonald #guacthevote
#DirtyDonald #imwithher #guacthevote #sniffsniff #strongertogether
#imwithher #DirtyDonald #guacthevote #strongertogether
Wait, but she was "vetted" to be a contestant in your Miss Universe contest? Shows how well you "vet" then, doesn't it??
AND YOU HAVE A GOOD PAST? PAY THE PEOPLE WHO YOU OWE MONEY TO, YOU'RE A FREAKED PIECE OF WORK! GET SOME BETTER TEETH
A fat, old man calling a beautiful woman names, yeah that will win over the woman's vote. If you weigh 236, I'm a size 0
Gaylord, Alicia is a babe!
if they elect you.
Machado) helped her BF in murder, threatened judge & Procecutor, think she is above law . Has lot in common with hillary
how about checking your past!
Thanks for showing money can't buy class.
