there is no way you should be president
The only candidate on the stage who has ever had to cast a vote about anything other than her own self interest.
She's also the only candidate on stage who served in Congress where the vote happened...
She has not served the nation, she served herself.
baseless- please get informed, or alternatively perhaps you could die before Nov. 8.
She is incompetent, immoral
your misinformed opinion
She is a thief, a liar, incompetent, and a disbarred lawyer over unethical conduct.
Look I don't like arguing with grandma's, but I'm pretty sure not one thing you've said is actually true...
Do you also think Obama is a secret Muslim born in Kenya who was President during 9/11? That would explain baseline
But not the only one who supported it
Also the only one who's qualified to vote on that issue at that time. Almost like you have no experience with real politics
and evading taxes doesn't count as real politics.
You are the only candidate to never make a public vote of any kind. No public service at all.
WRONG
.@realDonaldTrump she's also the only one who held office. Trump didn't have a "voting" role in the Iraq war.
She held office and bled the taxpayers dry.
facts and statistics say otherwise.
She is a crook since teen years. Disbarred for unethical conduct.
Sellout to alien money.
Because you've never served in an elected poison in your life.
Stats, stats, stats.
check the sources, and maybe it will change your mind...
but your boy was for it. He's losing it!!!
Because you were too much of a coward to serve the American public.
WRONG
Liar!
YOU LIER,EVERYONE HAS HEARD THE PROOF YOU BACKED IT TOO.STOP THE BS.
YOU ARE THE ONLY CANDIDATE IN FOUR DECADES NOT TO SHOW TAX RETURNS SHOW THEM
you are Rambling. Shut up for 2 minutes
but not the only one who pledged support for the war. A leader admits their mistakes and moves on. Shame on you! #imwithher
Opps, @ClintonFdn  Taxes
http://theblacksphere.net/2016/10/clintons-big-tax-problem/ …
poor campaign I know you guys wish he prepared more
That's bull shit too! Oh, I forgot you don't know the difference!
you are too much. I can't. It has to be a joke
right, because she's dedicated her life to public service and was a senator at the time. And bush had lied to us all
another one of Your millions of LIES you're a DAMN CLOWN!
.@realDonaldTrump you are the only candidate on stage who has never voted for anything, because... no experience. #ImWithHer #Debates2016
and she voted for the war all by herself. You are so childish Donald Trump
And now, you're about to start another. You're doing a fine job Donny! #notMAGA
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. #Debates2016 #MAGA https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/hillary-clinton-is-the-only-candidate-on-stage-to-vote-for-iraq-war …
@cbsaustin and the only candidate who should be president.
That's a bald face lie , Trump woukd be a catastrophic to society!!
it would've been 2/2 if you had a vote
you did too
she is also the only one on stage that doesn't know the truth from a hole in the ground
@GOP A vote for Trump is a vote for rape culture.
Sorry but I'm not happy with the way Mr Trump performed tonight. I believe he really really hurt himself.
and you're the only one who couldn't
deactivate
@ladies4trump you were against the war, but even if u were for it. You were a civilian! You didn't have Intel & vote for it
She voted because she was in govt.  You supported the war but couldn't vote. 2 busy filing bankruptcies & groping women!!!
@GOP Yeah. Because only politicians vote on wars, right?
flip flop much?
because you weren't in politics but you did support it at first, I heard you say it
liar
And, you endorsed it on the Howard Stern show...nice try #orangeoompahlumpah
: #DonaldTrump has a track record of blatant lies & false promises. Lester Holt shouldn't let him go unchallenged. #Debates
Ridiculous comment!
.@realDonaldTrump HOW ARE YOU TWEETING YOU'RE ON STAGE RIGHT NOW
Also the only one with a record of public service.
Hi Trump. I heard you say in 2003 you supported the war. Have you flip flopped again?
But you were for it, Donnie, even though you had seen none of the false reports presented by the #Bush/#Cheney Cartel.
I had a similar experience. I am white. I did no wrong. Just know this happens to others too.
, there is the difference between someone that was in the government with all information and ordinary citizens
she was also the only candidate on stage with #balls and #brains
Uh 2 ppl on stage & u support Is on tape + u no able vote cause u no in public service in position vote #trumpfacts
@chgo2ps1 And @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate on stage that supported her!  #NeverTrump
you were for it
UMMM, you weren't in office, so you couldn't vote. #notbrainsurgery
you've got to be fucking kidding
YOU WEREN'T EVEN A POLITICIAN AT THE TIME/YOU AREN'T A POLITICIAN
correct-you couldn't vote for it as you weren't in Congress.  You supported it tho.  I heard you on @HowardStern in 2002.
oh we're you able to vote ?no but you were for it come on Donnie stop lying
she had a vote donald, you were too busy firing people on TV and running the scam known as trump university
you mean voted because of her political position at the time, but 2 endorsers were on stage.
Wanting a secure border,create jobs,make good deals for U.S destroying ISIS & end corruption is NOT racist.
is this racist? https://www.youtube.com/embed/gvz27tSM_ok …
because Republicans lied...and the troops paid the price. This shows the cost of electing an incompetent President.
.@realDonaldTrump Obviously because you've never held elected office before #unfitforthejob
how are u tweeting from onstage
He said why already, before the debate started. Don't you follow his tweets?


lies
uhhhhhhhhh, that's because you were not in the Senate at that time and couldn't vote for or against it.
Donald you are a bullying hypocrite.  We cannot have someone like you running our country.  You are an embarrassment
..and you never ever voted from the start of that decision because you kept his laud mouth of yours today locked in d'loo.
And YOU were the only candidate on stage without any experience in government. I really hope you don't win.
she's also the only one on stage who stole property from the White House after they moved out
say that & u, a private citizen and leave it there, answer accusations quick, then put her on defensive w/ rest of reply
@rjoyourjoy1919 also the only candidate who's actually done anything vaguely politically/governmentally oriented.
because u were busy ripping people off. Stick to what u know.... Shady business practices and screwing people
BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T GET A VOTE!
LIAR LIAR LIAR.   Also a moron.
This is silly talk. How could YOU have voted either way? Heh.
71% of the American public supported the war on the same grounds presented. Including you.
.@realDonaldTrump she was also the only one in office that was entitled to a vote
Voted, yes. Supported, no.
So glad you made your voice heard. Even Lester was lying!
Donald trump is the only candidate on stage who had been sued for racial discrimination twice
https://goo.gl/FQHazW .  Audio of clinton laughing at polygraph test 12 yr. Old rape case
why won't trump bring up Clinton selling share of our enrichment rights to Russia she sooo concerned about nuclear weapons
Hillary has the guts to get things done.
she's also the only person on stage who served in congress.
she was also the only one in office to do so. DUMBEST. TWEET. EVER.
The Donald has spent his life on the sidelines, never doing, just criticizing those who put themselves on the line.
how did you magically tweet this
she is also the only one on stage that likes her

that's right Mr. Trump was a private citizen
. hrc !
her actions on EVERYTHING
bruh...don't you have a debate going on?
THANKS TO OBAMA,CLINTON,BUSH,USA IS FINANCING TERRORISM AND DESTROYING COUNTRIES.THATS NOT AMERICA YOU WANT TO LIVE IN
Trump was one of the first celebrities to speak against the Iraq war. CNN lied.
that's because they don't let losers vote. Trump = embarrassment
Your boy is losing it. Someone from your team better pull the fire alarm to save him.
liar you did
Were you in a position to vote on it? I mean, other than in Hannity's exclusive poll?
The #Trump theorem of #QuantumMechanics, proof of #TwoStateSystems
He lies so much his reality exists in two-states
besides you.
but you weren't in Congress...
Don't respond to this "phony scandal" again! You didn't receive briefings & didn't vote on it. Crooked H did. End of story.
you didn't have a vote to cast, bro
That might be because you've never done public service. Apparently you haven't even paid your taxes. UR all talk no action.
SO NOT TRUE. 2002 remember !?!
I would have liked to seen you bring up the basket of deplorable's when she was bringing up her comments about Miss America
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbjUQf8G2X4 … because you were doing this in 1993. also you weren't in an office. which means you couldn't
These tweets are so idiotic. She is the only one on stage who could have voted. She was serving in office. You were...???
lololololol bc she's the only one who has held an office that allowed her to vote
did DT get to vote. Oh right no he wasn't a politician then
Guuurrrrlllll, Just sit down.
because you've never been in office. If they had voted on the Howard Stern show in 2002, you would have voted "yes."
I love all the great digs you got in on how she f***** up Bernie & how she slipped ppl in who were about to be deported
and only one to be in Stern supporting the war. #publicfail
that's because you have never done ANY type of government service #imwithher
racism what about supporting terrorism and ISIS with taxes
Unfair to say that Howard Stern Show is not viable alternative to Congress.
and you are on the record supporting the war. #SomeoneCallSeanHannity lulz.
Hillary Clinton was the only candidate on stage that won the Debate. Skippy you got schooled.
lie
And when were you in a position to vote for it? Do you have any idea how our government actually functions? #stupidTrump
Private citizen #Trump was right on Iraq.
Senator #Clinton privy to classified briefings still got it wrong.
Pelos de Cotorra !!!
Only because he has never held public office
Well you're a private citizen that can't vote on matters as such.
truth
actually, Donald, I was for it, too. SADDAM WAS AN EVIL DIRTBAG, deserved to die. #DesertStormVet
so what. You couldn't vote for shit, because you weren't even in office.
There are old interviews proving you were against it. The moderators are presenting lies as fact. It's biased.
she is the only one on stage that had a vote. #shewasasenator
can I have a like
Exactly
SHES A CROOK
Poor Poor little Dopey Donny. Do you need some cream for that burned cause Hillary torched you last night. Hahahahaha
uses, because she was an elected U.S. Senator who made a mistake. What office have you held #trumpeduptrickledown ??
Perhaps simply because she has been elected before and she was lied to by Bush.  You approved it as well you liar
the war that you supported, liar!
Definitely missed opportunities to call her out.
good one.
hillary wasn't president who started the war stupid you must have forgotten 911 oh right your made money off of it 
you weren't asked to vote. ( you know that, right )?  I'm not presuming anything with you, not sure you know I how it works
And again, the utter egregiousness of that statement continues to shock & entertain. #debates #whinylittlebitch
but You supported it. You couldn't vote for it you weren't in congress. Didn't even vote for you elected officials though

That doesn't mean she was the only one who supported it...thankfully not all of us are blind.
she voted for the Iraq war just like everybody else did. You couldn't vote because you aren't an elected official
you know how the Madison War Started, yep. Read a book
he also should of said Obama himself said she would say or do anything to get elected
next debate, put all the woman Bill had an affair with and speak about how Hillary ruined those woman for coming forward
Where would you have voted?
are you on coke?
your meltdown over Lester bringing up your support of the Iraq war was priceless.
that's because you were not able to vote
what's with the laughing
nope you did and we have all heard it
