Yes drain the swamp is truly a start! Thank you President.
This is why we voted for YOU/your values n voters value your humane concern for our needs/wants!!Thank You President Trump,for whatever you can do n appreciate all accomplished thus far!!
Please publish HOW you've made "Our Government Honest Again", we don't believe you. #DrainTheSwamp
O ya classic u know 8f u just really tried TRUMP leading our greats internal problems left ..put t.v. put a week come back with just anything old farts that should've been cut long ago!
This isn't a parody account?!?
Uh oh. UH OH.
Funny how they claimed the DNC deserved to be hacked b/c insufficient security...
going to have the drain the storm drains in Ga too after @HillaryClinton campaign bus dumped their shit
start from you
@POTUS @KellyannePolls HA this is classic.  When does this start, after you are impeached?
#DrainTheSwamp?
Over the last several weeks, Trump has stuffed his administration with Wall Street bankers and lobbyists.
said-  it was cute, but he doesn’t want to use it anymore.

This isn't a parody account?
We are going to #draintheswamp when we vote DEMOCRAT down the page on November 8th.
Just because Trump re-quotes himself doesn't make it so. Wow the sheep following him to no where.
They have been witch hunted for 30 years. Have they been convicted for anything? NOPE. Vote for your troll & be a loser.
Laugh away. I appreciate very much those who serve our country. It is their choice to do so and it is appreciated.
When are you divesting so you are not corrupt? Looks like you lied as usual. And hired all those Goldman Sachs people? #DTS
How's the swamp draining going, Donnie? #illegitimatePresident
The absolute definition of the 2nd Amendment is why and might totally take.were o.k. with that love ya THANK UNCLE DONALD FOR BEING A TRUE INSPIRATION TO ALL MATTERS LIFE!:)
Yes sir please say stuff we should check out to help Alls This TREASONOUS TURD COGS OF THE SWAMP,  i think we all know vote new old dead cogs need tost or anyone except TRUMP and Few the only thing we can do there going to try us cause those TREASONOUS hands wont go to jail,
This has gotta be reposted - THE world leader in SWAMP creation & dishonest government- he’s GOTTA go #TrumpRussia
@BBCBreaking @BBCWorld @lemondefr @LaRepubblica_it @DerSPIEGEL @foxandfriends @foxandfriends WHY Pres Trump is  Hero - weed OUT CORRUPTION
So far I have seen your supporters in the WH being drained. Please take care of the sewer rats: Dems and rinos
Oh, Donald, please stop with the over the top humor. 
Honest? Guess it's a matter of interpretation, now? @realDonaldTrump
Fight me
The President is busy saving America, he wont answer
Sure. Filling the swamp, draining it, no diff. Meanwhile, you and your party have turned US into a failed state: Mission accomplished for the Rs!!

You NEVER tell the truth!! You drained them right into your team!! I almost feel sorry for the morons who believed you.
LIAR!!!
Waiting...waiting for that to happen. Will you keep us posted?
what happened to draining the swamp? Instead your adding more!
expose aliens
We are all trying to be patient. If you say you are going to drain the swamp then do it!
You are the last person to believe.  You are a serial liar with zero conscience and zero ethics#trumplies
...and then you didn't
Yes! Drain it all! Just to fill it with a truckload of turds
YOU mean the swamp you groped and crawled out of?#notmypresident
You're not draining the swamp; you're flooding the country and breeding crocodiles.
I didn't know Tax cuts for Billionaires is #draintheswamp 
Or is it. Republican business as usual?
doing a good job "draining the swamp" and filling it back up with monsters
so ur  doing this by appointing insiders and your family?
Make our Government Honest Again, #Drain The Swamp then fill it with#PARASITIC WORMS' #FAILURE is looming!
Why should we believe you, when you have lied so much before? You are full of shit, sir.
We don't and you aren't.  #notmypresident
. @realDonaldTrump People who feel the need to say "Believe me" are either lying all the time or having their credibility destroyed. Which1?
Then why are you picking establishment people for your cabinet? #sellout #conman
Yep, you drained the swamp and appointed@the slug behind to your administration.
you're actually making it worse. Next someone who denies the earth is round will be responsible for NASA's budget.
So you're choosing Rudy, Palin and Ryan? My are you incompetent. #TrumpClownShow
.@realDonaldTrump Please stop tweeting and start acting presidential.
You lost the poplar vote
You can't drain a swamp by hiring frogs and toads, Mr President Elect.
But he's an ANACONDA...he Plans to EAT Them Later.
Remember: He Hates Losers.....
He's never been a politico nor a #POTUS, will be interesting to see how he unfolds ;)
I hope you mean this. you know the crooks planned 9/11 to go to war, they planned 2008 to crash the economy.
I think you mean 'less' honest again, by bringing all sorts of vile creatures to DC: Bannon, Guilliani, Flynn, Clarke, etc
hey dickhead you realize you can't fire senators right?
how's that swamp draining going? seems like you're coming up with a lot of slimy reptiles.
little know fact about our president-elect: he can drink his weight in urine.
#draintheswamp!!! THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT THE VOTERS! NOT GOVERNMENT AGENDAS! We need JOBS, SECURITY, PROSPERITY OF AMERICA!

is that why you have career politicians on your team?
Then how about draining Pence? #NotMyPresident http://www.indystar.com/story/news/2016/11/14/whats-mike-pence-hiding-his-emails/92839560/ …
Like @SpeakerRyan @jasoninthehouse @MitchMcConell ?

You can start by resigning and taking Pence with you.
Believing someone who told 490 lies on air within 7 weeks??? Dream on! 
Hope you win..this country needs a change
Fozzy from the @TheMuppets would be a better choice
dude, how!?  You can't control how people vote, how will you #draintheswamp
Really, WE ARE AND ALWAYS HAVE BEEN GREAT
That's a good one coming from the least honest person the world has ever seen. #LiarLiarPantsOnFire
Yes wild parties at white house with 13 year old girls.
so true!!!!!!
make the gov. Honest thru hackers and foreign countries steal our private information for blackmail and lies. Sad and weak
you are not an honest person. You shortchanged your Atlantic City contractors. You're a fraud. It's catching up with you
He keeps talking in circles! Stop the thieves in Washington and America from stealing billions away from businesses! Geez.
we believe that you CAN do it! Get the best people that you can, any step back and let them do the jobs you gave them.

make this viral on YouTube https://youtu.be/HRexSAOEEHk 
did u ever take government in college? Like it takes both houses to approve anything. So mister give us another line of BS
haha haha not in you to be honest #lyingcrookeddrumpf #endofdemocracy
go...go...go..more than half are republicans...those lobbyist control them like puppets particularly NRA...Go...go Swamps..
thank you!
a perpetual liar is going to make our government honest?
Hope so, but Soros say you are most populare but will never be president.
Let's hope it starts with Congressmen who blocked everything  Obama was trying to accomplish! Get rid of obstructionists
this is the same guy who lies 24/7 so i don't think i'm gonna belive you
you CHOKED
  Strong. Man my ads. .lol
I'll buy you the sub-pumps needed to drain that sewage filled and filthy swamp!
Said the Moron in thousands of lawsuits
cheeter i don agre wht u
You would first have to stand up and be honest about all the crap in your life and that will never happen...
@DamiraMaricic whatever we do it start from ourselves first. So  first be honest first to make them honest
@PlaysTrumpCard Trump for change
lost the third debate and made a fool to f himself. LOSER
I wish you had kept the pressure on her, but as usual, OFF down the rabbit hole you went. SO Sad
Then why is every word that comes out of your mouth during the debates a lie?
your the last thing we need in washington
I'm praying for 80% of the people of the United States will vote and shock the world who they vote for Donald Trump next
mr. Donald Trump my name is Jack couch
Don't stop there. How about term limits? We are tired of the same people with the same policies running Washington.
@dragonian3333 gators easier to get when swamp dry!
believe you? Seriously? #whinylittlebitch
You know nothing about honesty. #Liar
love it
you don't even know what the word honest means.
Honest? U LIE EVERYDAY! #JumpInTheSwamp #MadamePresident #NeverTrump
Thing is, I do NOT believe you, Trust you, or want you representing me in the WH!  You're a horrible person.
lets shoot us some gators
u r a swamp rat. #DrainTheSwamp #RiggedSystem #RiggedElection #RiggedEconomy
@SidneyPowell1  May God bless your performance tonight.May our great country become greater according to God's intervention
honest people don't have to constantly repeat "believe me." Liars do.
good luck Nr Trump. Smile. Don't talk about women. And tell women how you will protect them their children and families
good luck tonight, put that liar to rest.....
BELIEVE YOU???? WHEN HAVE YOU TOLD THE TRUTH????
EXACTLY! Get rid of that Swamp Thing n their now. Start #MAGA n #DrainTheSwamp wit #TrumpPence16
MrT, Not one Gov mgr under O be allowed 2 stay your WH. The crooked infestation traveled thru intire system. Contaminated.
We sure hope that a ll your promises will come true!
nobody with a brain believes you.  NO, But first you are going to have to pull out of the race.
says the most dishonest fool to ever walk the planet!
You lie with every breath you take.  You couldn't tell the truth if you tried.
are you capable of honesty?
I will always love you Ivana...Marla...Melonnia...Believe Me
- quit lying? Drop out?
you are the scariest, most evil man in the country
LMAO
believe me said the fox to hens in the henhouse.
I can't believe that this old slapper gets away with this:
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/madonna-blow-job-oral-sex-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-us-election-2016-watch-a7370481.html … When you were decried!
So, there wasn't a line out the back!? lol!!!!
Can you believe this old slapper gets away with this:
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/madonna-blow-job-oral-sex-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-us-election-2016-watch-a7370481.html …
Every time you say "believe me", nobody with an ounce of sense really does. You're a dangerous, thin-skinned, lying bully.
i like this assume the sale and move on to the next step for the #maga plan
you can't even run an honest business!
@Shelley2021 and do it fast the American people deserve more we pay our fair share of taxes and look what they doing to us
It's over. And so are the careers of the sycophants who stood idly by while you pissed on The Constitution.
Would be difficult for You to make Washington honest as You are the most dis-honest lying S.O.B. to ever run for President
#DrainTheSwamp 
#PullThePlug
@RadioGuyChris Exactly...Just what have you ever done that should make me believe you?? #donttrusttrump #dumptrump.
.@realDonaldTrump I don't believe you, Donald. You've done nothing in your past to make me put any belief in you.
I don't believe you.
how? You are currently viewed as the most dishonest republican in our party?
You will need a septic suck truck from hell to drain that swamp.
Believe him!  He knows corruption. Ha.#paytoplay w/Pam Bondi. #WinOneForTheGroper
you? Honest? Impossible! You? Silver spoon liar? I'll go for that....go start ur own news network and quit crying
bullshit u liar! U lie about everything! U r disgusting; u r a fraud & conman! Not fit 2 b president!

@Al_Baldasaro we will help you remove the cancer known as GOP and dem physically when needed!!
agree about draining the swamp! Too many in there that have been there 25-30 yrs. NEED FRESH BLOOD! Need shorter terms!
drain it drain it drain it
why should we believe a lying liar
VIOLENCE & CHAOS SPREAD WITH KILLARY! WE MUST STOP HER
how are going to do it when you yourself is not#SLEAZY DONALD
do you mean drain the swamp #SLEAZY DONALD you are talking about your self
Prayers for you at the Debate tonight! #MAGA
You can start by not being the biggest liar to ever run for the presidency.
Someone should have told you a long time ago that anyone who constantly says "Trust me" is never to be trusted.
I am kindly asking if u can donate 23 million to me so that I can help u make America great again.  That is all 23 million.
how?? U can't be honest for 5 minutes!
Saying "believe me" doesn't actually make people believe you - it only shows what a con man you are.
U can't do that u asshole ur not honest urself
start by being honest and pay taxes


