Why are you tweeting right now? You need a kleenex and an another key bump.
nice helmet.
You should be. Thank you for serving. Please pass on some of that honor to Trump. He's an embarrassment.
and 70+ GOP leaders bailing a month out is on its own, kinda embarrassing.
Hillary came off the winner. Don't live in a fools paradise .
You go on and carry White Man's Burden.
Yup, Trump the Stump is blocking you view. Step aside & see the reality. Male ego ?
If it rattles you imagine what #Trump-eteer must be doing. Pulling out his childish hairdo?
why aren't you registered as a sex offender?????
stfu & find someone's else time line to spew your ignorant bs ...
oh sorry I don't have to!! get a clue
dumb ass just don't know how 2 mind ur own; just as bad as that dam sex offender u're taking up 4. U & ur daughter are next
wow you should be ashamed. You're supporting a lying murderer that's your choice but don't call the TRUTH-BS! But its obvious YRT!
go back 2 ur sex offender! People wonder why human trafficking has increased; we're looking at the reason ... dirty d**k mf!
? HILLARY called women sex assaulted/raped by her husband,  trash & whores and U r calling DJT a sex offender? How funny
sounds like an ADHD meds commercial.  @HillaryClinton just gets slandered while he rambles!
I see NO slander, just truth!
"bullock_baker" is the only one in this thread who is full of Anger & Hatred. HRC IS NOT Being Investigated. Trump & Trump Family & Trump Campaign & Trump's Attorney Cohen are ALL Being Investigated TODAY!! Trump LIED @ HRC in 10/16, he Lies Now=Trump is the One Going to Prison!!
How did Trump lie to Hitlery in 10/16!    You going back that far tells me YOU'RE the one with the anger and hate issue!
@jamiedupree @lockherup @killary @hillary. Hillary is a theft and lair
Why did 5 of your campaign personnel need immunity from the FBI?
When Trump says "Hillary did worse", he is admitting he is guilty as charged.

#ArrestTrump
Everytime!
When will you people ever turn in your pretty pink V****A hard in exchange for TRUTH??
BENGHAZI, BENGHAZI, BENGHAZI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #Please
sorry, I think she's a little occupied at the moment... @HillaryClinton #debate
How many members/former members need Plea deals? #poorlyagedtweets
@doedeer1664 well you not tweeting calling people out in your own camp says a lot lol ,I pray you all get what you deserve, prison
because they are liars as her Democrats  in rule so they can do wat they want..corrupted lot

@1_word_plastics @HillaryClinton
why do you still hate her?
Hate who!!
Hillary!
Mr Trump you said more lies then anyone in this world... everything that comes out your mouth is a lie

You call a war hero a loser, you don't get an invite. Thankfully.
When you take the 5th it will be too late. Game over.
ATTN: @realDonaldTrump why don't you tell us why you think you can touch and grab women? Not even good looking dawg!
. You need more Bible study!  This is not church. Its the beast part.
#tryagainclueless
After this debate Trump should abandon the race, he just talk about @HillaryClinton trump has not answeres
She is guilty.
@BritbabeUSA @realDonaldTrump Yes, the fact that she is still free is as concerning as the people who enabled it.
because she us a lying sack of shit
Be Best
Amazed that neither have addressed the Godlessness approach of our political leaders today.
Are you loaning your campaign the 100 million so you can take it back after the election? Or donating it??
Thank god his campaign is over. He has nothing. He's a bullying misogynistic racist incompetent man.
why do you sniffle?! Why do you interrupt? #whineylittlebitch
why keep sniffing
@realDonaldTrump   why does you whole cabinet and family need presidential pardons. 
Why have you fired most of your staffers already? Why have some taken plea deals? Why are some pleading the 5th?
why are you so paranoid Donnie Bone Spurs ? Mueller and the NYAG are coming for you so be sure to wear clean underwear for that strip search
23 indictments! 23
go Donald!
Hillary to JAIL!!!!
@doedeer1664 you shouldn't be talking crap ,it's all about you donald trump your in spot light, you have attention of whole country,
Trying to deflect again
Here's a little secret everyone knows what your trying to do!The only thing you have done so far is lie, hurt people
Uranium one.. & Pay to Play..
Talking about Hillary and pay to play is pretty damn ironic where TheRump is involved!
Paul.. WAKE UP.. YOU CAN NOT BE THAT LOST IN SPACE.
They will all be arrested Soon... YOU KNOW IT.. 
TREASON... 
@POTUS
The most corrupt US president ever is blowing smoke and throwing rocks. Can't disguise that Trump is a FAILED PRESIDENT.
Saving our children is a high priority, anyone who hurts a child goes straight to Jail and if they are responsible for the death of a child they should die the same way the child did! An eye for an eye!
Hillary such a POS #LockHerUp  #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
There was nothing found in any investigation on Hillary. Give it a rest with the "but Hillary". trump is the crooked one and will be proven.
Oh yes. Evidence was found. Comey said intent was issue. 

A lawyer who has been in federal govt since the 90s didn’t know the law. 
Corruption, anyone? 

Btw, Comey also let WJC off the hook in the 90s. Starts smelling criminal when you inform yourself.
Effing Moron, your grade-school whataboutism will not save you from MUELLER JUSTICE! Many millions of thinking Americans are waiting to celebrate your coming demise! @PressSec @FoxNews
Democrats big mistake. After Nov 8, had they just let @POTUS do his job, it all would have gone away. Now they have finally pissed him off
you can tell Hillary is off her game, Trump came out and already kO'd her ass!!!
How could he? She’s too busy falling down all on her own! 
Very well said mad cow disease! From tainted blood, God has a way of making ppl pay for crimes. This disease eats the brain!! Not cancer! Just a guess
Will you PLEASE get over your OBSESSION with HRC and OBAMA already !!!!!  Its getting really really old. Fix Puerto Rico.. Virgin islands.. Flints H20.. gas prices.. Do something to help your people off the USA!!!!!
And here he goes again bringing up Hillary. She is old news. You can’t use her anymore to distract from your crimes.

HOLD YOUR BREATH
Why don’t you act like a real man and take the interview with the special counsel instead of hiding behind the presidency and the White House, I am sure if you are served you would plea the fifth, because like you said the mob pleads the fifth #littleman
Defective mic??? I can hear your sniffles
.@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
Because they didn't want to validate Republicans witch hunt & fictive tropes.
Attn @realDonaldTrump  why are Why SO AFRAID of the FBI, Robert Mueller, Michael Avenatti  etal???  An Innocent Man would Demand the investigations go forward & support the efforts. An INNOCENT Man WANTS THE TRUTH TO BE KNOWN. But...A GUILTY Man TRIES TO BLAME OTHERS. #URGUILTY!


Quick! Look over there!

It's not working anymore, Donnie. Now What?
11 hours of testimony and she never took the 5th unlike some who will eh traitor

https://mobile.twitter.com/i/web/status/994379174730174465 …
#noshiro @AnthonyCumia @andersoncooper
hiding Obamas brokn promise of "notaxes" on incomes <$200k! #liars
the Guiness record for "most lies in 90 mins".  Give her the blue ribbon-not POTUS title. Loser!
Why did the FBI raid your lawyers office?
Because you idiot, they didn't know Cohen would cooperate, as they are so used to DEMOCRATIC RESISTANCE
Cooperate. Lol.
they used the laws in their favor, like you did not paying taxes! #NeverTrump
The Clinton's didn't pay taxes either. #economics
that makes them smart
Exactly!!!!
why do you need 2go around groping female's genitals? Talking abt their birth canal? Making them out 2b trumps oops tramps?
He is an irellevant piece of republicant crap who is as dumb as he looks in his picture
A gentleman doesn't grab your pussy. #ImWithHer 
5 staffers need immunity. Why?
One wonders what's the extent of payments he is receiving ?
don't care. She's getting much of hers from our pockets!  Big difference, bozo.
You're retweeting your own 12-minute old tweets? Sad!
crying like a baby, sherlock zombie!  #getaclue
You fool, Hillary is not President.  Donald Trump is.  The buck stops there!
Flynn is going to rat you out. Lalalalala.
. Hillary has lied about emails and has too many unanswered questions she destroyed Federal evidence
@annah038 @HillaryClinton are you tweeting at the debate? But yes!!
True.Seeking immunity's unusual and in circumstances of sub-poena from Congress,point to wrongdoing and  guilty conscience.

is this you trying to intimidated her ??LMMFAO!!
why do u constantly attack Hillary? We can't have a pres with no compassion, no heart. Pls drop out
Will they allow the President to have a cell phone in prison as I hope he keeps tweeting as they are very entertaining
back peddle! Billiary said Obamcare is a disaster!!! That's what Billiary said!
Hey @realDonaldTrump! This is ironic, right?! Don't you wish YOU could have immunity?!
yes we all want to know that.& killary this is why your not 50%.every 1 hates you
@MadHatCat3 ask Hillary what her job is in & Y  she did not protect the men in been Ghazi?
Where's Mike Pence, Donald?  You threw him under the bus!!!! #ImWithHere #MoriahMonet
We will win if we show strength in numbers Our country is too important
NOBODY cares about Hillary Don - ALL EYES ON YOU - don't let the door hit you in the ass!
#Donald, go stroke a cat. Say something that makes you sound smart!
Awesome job Donald! So glad you kept cool. You wiped the floor with her pant suit!
Hillary is a perfect role model for girls!?  Hahahahahaha. Yes teach them to have no dignity or respect
I have never been so horrifyingly embarrassed by a candidate before.
LMAO NO ONE BELIEVES THIS RUSSIAN BULLSHIT!!!! HILLARY HAS CONSPIRACY THEORIES SOUNDS LIKE ALEX JONES!!
THE DEVIL JUST SIGNALED SOMETHING
You need to bring that up
can't understand people drilling Trump over words from 11 years ago but Hillary gets away with treason???

Why does Flynn need immunity? #Treason #Russiagate
Why did Flynn and gates plead guilty? Keep digging your own grave. I hope they take all your assets..oh wait you're broke. If you're not release your taxes.
@joannecolombo WHY?? WE want to KNOW!!!

they didnt
yes speak about supporting Muslims, but your first duty with your religion is are you an American
she's not going to respond the coward that she is!
send her to Benghazi
YOU ARE A SEX PREDATOR THAT STILL AT LARGE, YOUR SUPPOSED TO BE IN JAILBIG http://TIME.LIKE  ASAP
Don..:why do you a class?
Hahaha, not working. TRUMP is Goin down BIGLY!!
they are trying to keep the evil pantsuit queen from going to jail
"ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates"
@blakehounshell @HillaryClinton more importantly why does Flynn, the bricks are falling , from the wall.
you just got schooled
Campaigning is over  or you gone Daft in ur old age
NEWSFLASH - Clinton is NOT the sitting President! She is now a private citizen!
Because they didn't want to be prosecuted to the full extent of the law for their part in her crimes.
Just grab her by the pussy, sniffles!
so true
Do you even know where Aleppo is? It's not anywhere near Mosul. Nice try #KnowNothingDonald
she's done and all the Trump haters know it, their mad, email scandals should scare you Democrats. Does me.
why are you tweeting mid debate?
#clownhunt2k16
Because crimes were committed.
ATTN: Why does your former national security adviser need immunity?? #Trumprussia #LockHimUp
Obama will pardon her before he leaves office. Won't be able to prosecute.
how about we get @seanhannity to be a debate moderator? ???
lol
Keep asking that!!
Unlike trump, Hillary testified for over 11 hours directly. Immunity was offered not asked for by others. BIGLY difference!
You lost big time Donald -- it's over ...
But why 5 staffers need immunity?
bruh drop out already
you are horrible beyond belief.
YO Donnie  the distractions don't work anymore. Even your base is starting to listen to news that isn't @FoxNews ..Shep Smith is sick of u!
Because they had to cover up crimes! Anyone with half a brain can clearly see through the smoke and mirrors
Dang Donald not looking to good for you
you lost. Get out of the race.
Why can't. You people leave let the Pres . Do his job that you people know nothing about
@MrQuentinMoore @HillaryClinton funny Donald, I didn't see you tweet this from the stage.
I am a PROUD DEPLORABLE!!
hilary is fine Donald but you on the other hand acts like a child grow up trump
thank you Sir for calling out the media. You for sure have just won my vote!!!
Batshit crazy again tonight. Very bad person.
Hahaha pssst, hey #45...the nesting doll is rupturing. #flailsashedrowns #russiagate.
They didn't "need" immunity. They got immunity so the FBI could try and get dirt on @HillaryClinton, but there was no there, there.
Trump's first 100 days in office: IMPEACHMENT#Illegitimate #notmypresident #BBotus 
What is she going to do with wide open borders
Hey! Take a look af this page!!!! http://Luxtwenty.com 
Mr Trump please start refocusing on the AMERICAN PEOPLES ISSUES. WE NEED TO WIN NOV 8 AMERICA FIRST PLEASE
the system is broken. We have a major populace known for domination and subjagation thoroughly entrenched.
because without immunity they all would have "committed suicide"
evergreen

#YouStupidF
Nice try, Donald
Stop. You're embarrassing your children. They just want to stay in the will.
Being given immunity was the FBI 's idea. They offered it
Getting nervous?
you're losing it Trump
Why does your WHOLE West Wing + all of your transition team, cabinet, and family want it?  More relevant!
Give them hell DJT, no quarter ask, no quarter given, stick to the issues and win this thing.
Lock her up trump.   Burn the witch down
@danquasch @HillaryClinton #debates Because the Clintons corrupt ever part of government
what is with you talk about the issues which you know nothing about you disgust me
ATTN:Donald Trump, why does your former National Security Advisor need immunity? RESIGN TODAY!
@AlexReimer1 even though the Flynn story is untrue we all know what happened to Hillary. She got out of it even after deleting evidence.
# go trump
How's that rape trial shaking out?
You're the man Donald
JUST LIKE IT'S SPEWER! He looks terrible.
College educated woman.. With you Donald! #hilaryforprison!
Gee Donnie Boy! Words come back to bite you in the butt, don't they now? Get use to it.  #resist #ShePersisted #Insist #Enlist
You silly criminal. None of this is about Hillary Clinton.
someome with a brain is tweeting tonite bout time. Maybe you should be on stage
