get out
you Trump Hitler Jr supporter is garbage
he was hit by another trump supporters STOP LYING #LYINGDONALD
no SWEETY I have a BSN it is the uneducated with no college degrees who support that rude racist womanizer trump
not all of Arizona #arizonansforhrc
You have a plan for Mexicans and Muslims, but what about your hair in a breeze? #LyinTrump #ClownTrain #BigCheeto
Aren't you precious?
whoa Mr. Statutory, I'm under 18!
Eighteen feet of what?
I understand. You don't want to self incriminate.
Don't you take innocuous comments to interesting places.
@realDonaldTrump He's just a non-voting troll living in mommies basement.
Ya mean, they's a Bernie supporter?
she just took Ohio back. You're bleeding out, son.
I don't think so.
you'd have a great point if Trump hadn't referenced this site's projection of him leading in mid Sept. But he did.
look at Time, vanity fair, drudge  etc.
TIME is running out. Even KellyAnne quoted 538 2 weeks ago. You better keep web-camming your box, toots. #landslide
That is so true.  Hillary won't make it safe...she will make it 100% times worse.
@Cernovich @CoreyStewartVA  Get RNC to stop directing offices to turn away Trump Supporters #GOPsabotage
yea he gonna make it great again and make grabbing a law..lol
#deplorable #donthecon

it Had to Be you it Had to Be you.DONALD trump For President of the United States of America !!!!!!!!!!
YOU, creep, will not be making anyone safe again... ESPECIALLY women!!!
Donald. Do not let these media/political parasites deter you. They had to look hi and low for trash to throw at you
I know...that was gross!
This is a movement too
OMG!!! That was amazing! Thank you! 
https://www.facebook.com/DMLdaily/ 
My anger grows daily that u are blowing an election!U should be winning.Have given HRC a path to WH n destruction of US!
No one has ever seen a Republican campaign in ARIZONA 35 days from election. That I can tell you! @realDonaldTrump
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
no tangible ideas
STILL sinking!  You better hope that hateful bigoted Mike Pence doesn't screw up! http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/#now … #VPDebate
Pence will sink his own ship.
I hope so. He is so slimely but likes to play the "nice guy" ...He thinks he is Ronald Reagan part duex.  UGH!
Hehe. True. He's pretty gross.
keep it up President Trump
makes Obama jealous.
DONALD NICE ONE
#GOP Turncoats GOP/RINOs SHAME ON U! Trump4POTUS!!
WHEN DONKEYS FLY, YOU WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!!!
Has @HillaryClinton ever bragged about how many people come to her ralies?? NO BECAUSE NO ONE DOES!!! #LockHerUp
she doesn't even attend sends the minons
Help for disabled Widow's about to lose home of 44yrs?...Please help save my home. Out lived 2 husbands. F'closer warning
put Hillary Clinton in prison
it would be safer if you took away the freedom to buy automatic weapons!
You owned up towhat you said you didn't try to deny or deflect we have your back :)
http://reverbpress.com/politics/ten-things-trump-supporters-are-too-stupid-to-realize/ …


Trump Hitler Jr supporters are a disgrace for humanity
Don't tell us what you are, Alex. We don't need to know.
best in the World
never you for President #NeverTrump2016
HILLARY FOR PRESIDENT!!!
Mr. Trump please you have to WIN!!!
a bowel movement.
Wow! Simply put Trump is awesome!
you don't like Africa  ,I love Ur pranks
PLEASE stop dashing and stick to the issues. You MUST win this campaign.
Wonderful.
it's really a big movement, a bowel movement
keep to the issues. Her emails, her actions with the clinton foundation and her sale of her public office.
don't be distracted from the issues, they do not include failed, your tax write offs or what you said 20 years ago.
Thank you for coming back to AZ. Another great rally. Was honored to attend Prescott Valley
How about Mike Pence winning his debate when you were a pathetic loser to a WOMAN.
Oh it's a movement alright, a bowel movement! You suck so hard dude. #Lyin'Donald'sALoser
Most folks don't realize that Prescott is a small city in AZ! Amazing crowd! Looks like 1/2 the city was there! #AZ4Trump
Never Trump
@dimplesdmms4 this Arizonian, veteran and cop is voting for Trump! God bless our country n pray Trump wins or we r doomed
For President Votes,Votes,Votes!Get Out!And Calls Everyone's!On November!Is Very Important For Trump and Pence! Votes!
Could the U.S. be so "great" if everybody was so "smart" as @realDonaldTrump and avoided paying taxes?
trump going toame america all white again that is his movement no mexicans no Muslims put blacks ks in their place
I'm at thank you for picking governor pence
thank you for Mike pants
Your Really Campaigning Big League!-Go Donald!!
RIDE ON YOU ARE ON POINT THE PEOPLE ARE BEHIND YOU.
@SpecialKMB1969 I sure hope so
It is a movement. A big movement away from you. Haha I love it.
We Thank You for seeing the problems in American lives & deciding to step in to do what no one else has even offered to do󾓦
AND YOU WENT TO REDNECK HEAVEN PRESCOTT VALLEY
nah we seen a movement like this before. Germany when the nazis campaigned. But u wont win like they did. Loser
PENCE is better than you Donald... maybe you should be his running mate?!!!
These numbers say it all! How can the Democrats lie & manipulate false poll numbers with these attendances?!!!
Can you see me? I was right in the middle. Thank you Trump standing in line 3 hours was well worth it.
only movement you experience is that coming from your lower intestine, Don.
#MakeAmericaAssholesAgain
You are scaring the HELL out of the Clinton campaign!
Love Seeing these rallys you are having....so people out there want you to be our next President...
In EU we have the strictest gun laws,but now police warning gvmt getting dangerous, because African Muslim maf laugh abt us
Hillary and Obama are so wrong about Muslim integration!I admire Hofer=similar Trump, proud to be an Austrian!
You want to keep America white again. #iamwithher
hahahaha. Make America Broke Again!
(bowel) movement
keep telling the to vote now at every rally don't miss opportunity to get that in DJT
Yes! Yes! Birth of Nation best movie ever! (First one not new one) Rancor totally get you Drumpf! LYLAB!
here's a movement for you and all your buddies
not with u being in office
Has Hilary even had 1 time where she can boast any real valid amount of people? I didn't think so!
1-Movements like this have been seen before, many times.  2- Why are you losing?
A movement of racist, sexist, know-nothing morons. That's why you are tanking in the polls.
you are doing great as long as you stay talking on what you are going to do for the American people and our country
shut up already



I'm an Arizonan. Loved how those five people with the homemade TRUMP letters held them high for nearly two hours! We you!

they dont like you, you are delusional, and by the way, all Repubs want your running partner to be Pres instead of you
get over yourself. Most of those people there just wanted to see you make a fool of yourself again!  #delusional
God Bless! Gov Pence was great last night Calm cool collected. Deflecting crap, staying on message I pray you can do same 
please ask Hillary if she knows what the law is regarding illegal entry to U.S.
Please kick ass sunday
it's a BOWEL movement 
Hillary says you called our Vets weak.Her cure for PSDT is to turn her back as she did in Benghazi.
what a great presentation by Pence!! Come on Mr. Trump show us Sunday night u can handle Hillary, make us proud!
Safe from the likes of you I hope.
I've seen a similar movement to be honest. Sketchy taco truck induced explosive diarrhea. It's rather uncanny.
it is safe with you not so much ! U got thrown under the bus by Pence . Donald you're a laughing stock!
how storm trooper oops deportation squad same thing! Hitler sure was ur idol sicko you and Pence he'd round up gays sicko#2
wouldn't a movement be bigger than this? Beyoncé draws 10x this many people.
your crowd photos are always perfectly cropped to show no parts of the empty arena
you movement is just like bowel movement.  It stinks. Show us your tax returns.

America is SAFE & GREAT now, what you will bring is instability & chaos #FACIST
HRC is fighting for her freedom. A. Trump POTUS & Christie AG will rightly prosecute HRC! #TrumpPence16
Great Time Mr. Donald Trump
that's a shit load of #Deplorables #FeelTheHate!
WE NEED YOU!!! PLZ STAY ON MESS. YOU SHINE AND ARE UNSTOPPABLE. WE LOVE YOU IN NIA.FALLS,NY MAKING CALLS/KNOCKIN ON DOORS!!
you love crowd, its a show for u, its not votes... go study
MIKE DID AN AWESOME JOB!!! Now...Donald!!...DO NOT FALL FOR THE WITCH'S BAIT. SPENT LAST 3$LIGHTENING/CANDLE/CHURCH/FOCUS!!
next time Hillary asks for your tax returns, tell her you emailed them to her...
- Misguided foolishness and blind and blindered ignorance will not make America Safe. America is ALREADY great.
, did you see Kaine wink at the moderator. It was quick, but he did.
@mike_pence is more qualified than Trump.

@HillaryClinton
@narnie4 AZ is Voting for @realDonaldTrump !!!
(SOON)
it's a BOWEL MOVEMENT; slimy stinking shit!
look, New Nuremburg!
it's very close race and she still has the edge I will cast my vote for Trump but my state Il. Will not most likely
you really need to mention the legal US citizens the Obama org has deported!
My family and I thank God for you. Do the right things sir...it will never fail you

.@realDonaldTrump @riyasharma266 Dude can't even make his RALLIES safe. Don't say it's "them". "Making it safe" means dealing with them.
The only movement you have made was the birther movement which caused many Americans to question there Pres. Leadership.??!
Show usYour taxes if you really want to make America qreat. And apologize to YOUR president Obama for birth er movement.
More BULLSHIT  FROM  THE LOSER
when I see @realDonaldTrump , all I think of is a MOVEMENT
idiota

keep up the good work!
The loser
a bowel movement #fullofshit
Can't stump The Truump #trump016
WO..I am from the UK and I would love to come to one of your rallies
Eric trump vs 3 CNN reporters after debate .. Absolutely awesome job!! Be very proud of your son #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Arizona doesn't want you - you will for sure lose these delegates !
for fucks sake why do you keep tweeting fake rally photos

Hillary had to hire & bus in outside ppl to make it look like ppl want to come listen to her screaming voice.


That's why your are in Arizona a red state on the way to becoming a purple state.  Running scared!!!
WENT FROM TYCOON TO POLITICIAN?  WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?  HEPPED UP MITT ROMNEY!  ALL THAT OLD GOVT IS NOT GREAT...
stay on message.
Can you PLEASE invoke the philosophical debate presented in Uncle Tom's Cabin? America needs to see your faith!
Yeah, a bowel movement!
YUGE turnout!
Over 7,000 and 1000s trying to get in. Oh Yeah, meanwhile Hillary struggles to get 500
U need a lot more than Arizona. A little truth would help show your tax returns or crawl back in your hole on Election Day.
THE FOUNDER OF BOKO HARAM RELEASED OVER THREE HUNDRED CO-BOKO-HARAM WHILE HOLDING INNOCENT KANU AND OTHERS CAPTIVE.
don't sell yourself short. You're already a killer by advocating the murder of innocent babies. #3000perday #sleeptight
Not all of Arizona supports you. Some of us are civil human beings.
Too bad you're going to lose AZ no matter how much time you spend there
so glad I left that state. Too many trump pumpin' twats there.
WOW WHAT A CROUD ALL TRUMP SUPPORT
yes it has been seen before. Get used to it. It is a loser movement and you ought to be ashamed of yourself.  Face it
its a movement alright a stinking toilet clogging bowel movement America will not allow a deplorable dictator to be POTUS
You are a con man,but you don't fool everyone!
