don't know about that... but he IS more likable than you
Really??   Pence looked constipated the entire time!
Not even a little bit.  Pence is hated by most of his state.
For sure :-)
I'm a tenacious bitch and I'd let Kaine fuck me before Pence could even help me with my jacket
Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies
gee real original!  This is a hate crime.
How about an animated paper doll ?
Pence "likeable"? Looks like he died and then was dug up and propped. Dark, hollow, evil eyes
HeHe Hhhh
Why won't they let Pence speak without interruption.
Because they don't want the audience to hear the truth, perhaps? lol
Right the truth about corrupt Hillary doesn't want to be heard.
Wish @timkaine would stop being rude & talking over @GovPenceIN. Very disrespectful & a turnoff
trump gave a bribe of 45k and got a 97 million tax break oh and lost almost 1 billion in 1995 which may
I see the moderator is gonna start interrupting Pence like Lester did you!
@timkaine needs to learn some manners.  #rude
Kaine's head bounces more than a broken bobblehead!
kaine blames the last 8 years on bush...
FAIL.
Kinda like Hannibal Lector. Creepy.
With his stuck up nose in the air.
kaine has immediately come off as a smug juvenile-like punk. Pence is schooling him.
less 30 min left in debate & you're kicking her a$$
tax returns?
kaine looks like an ass.. PENSE LOOKS AWESOME
nah Pence looks like a plastic q-tip and talks like one too
bull
Nope.

that nasal voice, unhinged Kaine
Kaine is so rude with the interruptions. Just like Clinton no class
#Pence is so much more like able than Trump.  Anyone for putting Pence on top of the ticket ?
@winegirl73 @Susiesentinel this is true but Trump has to be more likeable than Clinton by remaining humble/calm
Kaine is a wet rag
Hilary was 4 when they moved into a big home and daddy opened his own company.
He also has his facts straight & knows how to turn the conversation to get his thoughts across.
Is it true you wear women's underwear when debating?
Pence is the best.  The media WANTS you to fail but you are the best team for our country  #TrumpPence16
So objective.
only to white supremists
and pence is so much more likeable than trump hahahaha
pence is doing great
He looks like a funeral home director.
show us your taxes.
Kaine is a #Jackass..

#Pence
Kaine reminds me of the guy in high school you want to punch cuz he's annoying
WRONG.
Yeah by the racist ignorant individuals. AKA your kind of people.
and you are slightly more likable than syphilis #NeverTrump
I liked Kane in that movie "Sling Blade".  I reckon I'll get me some of them French fried potaters. He was less annoying.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL...if you're part of the Arian brotherhood
and that means your campaign has 20% likability. You have 0% likability Pence has 20% likability.
go get him Gov
@KevinCormier10 @Susiesentinel Canyon is the schoolyard bully a disgrace
I have fired men like Kaine, simply because of the fact that they were such jerks!!!
Kaine acted like you in debate #1. I agree, unlikeable, but at least he answered the questions.
@TappanAllison I pray to god we the people get justice tomorrow
Vote Trump !!!!!
fuck u
Really?  Kind of reminds me of the creepy preacher from Poltergeist II.http://www.tophorrormoviesclub.com/hi-looking-for-what-i-think-was-a-horror-movie.-scene-involved-an-old-man-...-11414.html …

How about yourself lol
@dkabrams51 @Susiesentinel 
One with common sense can pick out a DECENT man as opposed to likable! @VPMikePence is DECENT!
He learned it all from you, Donny Boy. A Class Act!
Can you tell that fat chick to get me 2 more beers.
No, he is not. He looks angry.
Nope. But keep telling yourselves that lie.
Pence is weak!
that would make Kaine a body with no muscle. Already proved he had no brain.
I hate when liberals put terrorism&climate change on the same pedestal. it took kaine less than a minute to do it #VPDebate
shove it up your orange orangutan ass
yeap...and I'm proud of it...so shove it
honey im not nervous.. I'm reading the polls... you should be too
not really
why do u tweet take away attention from @GovPenceIN not good!
glad all of you haters are following Mr Trump....  #closettrumpers

it's not even close Mr. Trump...Mr. Pence has trustworthy written all over him. Kaine? Not even close
Their both likeable but Kaine has more experience.
Kaine gives me the creeps
you got that right
Yes! @timkaine is really a creepy guy!!! Well he must be to want to run with @HillaryClinton
that's for sure
Not only likable, but very educated and intelligent! @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel
Hope pence gets more aggressive
and so far so much more likable than you, donny
Kaine is a goober shill
Why likable important now? Trump is not likable!!!
yea his trying to clean up your lies
Kaine is rude and is talking over pence....
This man "Pence" is in fire  . Get them Mike to woo hoo..
This man is on Fire "Pence 'Get Uhm Mike.. Roll out the numbers n the crooks. Running the table..
Kaine is a pompus ass.. he fits his party perfectly
pence cool and in control
not even close
Pence is a #spinelessalbino and you support charter schools in place of @usedgov #fools
Your little wooden puppet isn't looking too good.....Wait till the fact checkers get a hold of him.
#Kaine is like that weird uncle that you hope doesn't show up for your b-day party cuz he'd make it weird.
are you being impartial or is that your  real hair?
Who is this, really?
pence is the man ! Good pick Mr Trump
Canes back he was in the Bible you know and now he speak Spanish he knows to languages he has an open mind
yes Kaine coming off defensive interrupting rude #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
LOL!
liar
Russian @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel b/c U said it don't make it 2 be TRUE my opinion mean the most to me & @timkaine is more likeable!!!
Cain brings up you not paying taxes lawfully , what about the illegals who don't pay taxes breaking the law
He's steady as a rock! Love Pence!
Pence is heart hearted & has cold evil eyes
Kane keeps interrupting. Very unlikable

learn from your VP - he's doing great.
Kaine does not look like a very stable guy.
it's not about likable....you tool...it's about truth...Kaine speaks it. Pence can't find it ...#heswithyou
WRONG!
Love that Mike Pence!!!
KAINE SOUNDS LIKE HILLARYS BULLY. FITTING RUNNING MATE FOR HILLARY!!
more likeable than you at least
KAIN HAS A BIG MOUTH NEVER SHUTS UP OR LISTENS
Rude & What's with crazy eyebrow of his. Looks Crazy when he kept doing that! Jack Nicholson

Kaine is nothing more than a clone of Biden...the gift that keeps on giving..amoral in marriage and rude
So Tim Kane says Hillary puts other people first when Sec.  How about Chris Stevens?
Mr. Trump, you gotta call @mike_pence into the boardroom and fire him.
Kaine doesnt understand taxes. I  Dont know an american who doesn't take advantage of all deductions.
Remember G Bush
If only @realDonaldTrump was likeable
Pence is destroying Walmart Manager Kaine! #LoserKaine #VpDebate
Kaine.  As smug as crooked Hillary.
We LOVE you and Pence Mr Trump!  You picked a great VP!!!  XOXO
Kaine must be shaken up.. can't stop interrupting. Go Pence!
U wish! @GovPenceIN responsible for AIDS epidemic in IN! SMH #WakeUp #KeepAmericaGreat #NeverTrump
. Kaine seems like a weasel
Pence is doing GREAT!!!
pence is as intelligent as you(Big Eye Roll)
hasn't mentioned you once
America has a love affair with Trump-Pence! 
#MAGA
#VPDebate
your not being fair your one sided.  You can tell what side your leaning towards.   You stink!
@AZ_GoodLife @Susiesentinel So PROUD of Mike Pence, his stand on life and his closing statement, so powerful and moving.
That may be true but he didn't even defend Trump.  The fat guy in NJ would have been a better choice
Totally! Mike looks kind, Tim looks cra-cra.
Tell me what a man brags about and I'll tell you what he's lying about  #VPDebate
pence is doing  great donald please  learn  from him and you will win
wrong... kaine is more likeable
Pence took his Valium
Kaine is starring out I to the audience like looking for ques. Isn't that illigal??
funny that pence is trying to defend Donald's racist remarks saying they are lies
Pence is great!
. Kaine is as evil as Killary! Cane & unAble!
and the commentator sucks already in so many tones
Not
my family loves and respects your family we want to see you succeed and take it to the next level
i'm with her.
Susie who?
Think Different.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CtlOdGFVUAAb1oL.jpg …
Trump is laughable. Kaine is kicking Pence's ass like Hillary kicked Trump's ass.
you ain't kidding!
Donald? It's those darn tax returns again! Release them dude !
Pence is smirking.
Pence represents you so very well! 
on to you
Y isn't Kaine wearing a flag pin?

what's up with tim kaines eyebrows?? Looks like a b movie villain!
Kaine is so disrespectful and attacks on false issues. Trump wants to protect citizens, strong leader
#Pence seems like a weasel
isn't that the truth.
When
Kain smiles, he looks like the drunk character that Art Linkletter used to play on his show!
Kaine is as big as a liar as Hilliary
Kaine is so rude!!!  Interrupting constantly.
Love Mike Pence!!
- Typical that you would degenerate this, like everything, into a school yard popularity contest.
Kaine is far more intelligent!  He is smart and trust worthy.
He was a good pick. Maybe you should change places. Lol. #JustKidding
kaine just needs set of horns on his head friggen satan
Ya think?  Ask the people of Indiana who all despise him.
Agree Susie Good Point so Right On! #TrumpPence16
who cares about your taxes? Not me nor your followers!
@SpecialKMB1969 @Susiesentinel lol love the man score big with undivided

Pence is peace, Maine is nervous nelly!
Pence balances you well Donald!  Love seeing Kaine get unhinged
BWAHAHAHA #LAUGHINGSTOCK #JACKASS
keep the offensive Vice President Pence.
snorting that crack again are we?!
