Together we will DESTROY the country (and LINE MY POCKETS and those of Exxon and Goldman Sachs buddies BIG TIME)
Hail ME, Trumponio Unpresident of the Divided States of Unamerica!
They didn't want a president, they wanted to BELIEVE! They wanted Grand Obvious Deception! They GOT IT! They got ME!
YEP, I would have found EVEN MORE SUCKERS had I campaigned differently!
You do realize that you LOST the Popular Vote, Right?
Still focused on the election I see.
would that mean more or less bigotry,misogyny and stupidity?
25% of America voted for you. just need to convince the other 75%
Sad!
For once I agree with #FatNixom. Make it so.
#FatNixon
You mean your Party would have focused more on how to cheat in every state&,not on the winner take all states. Gerrymandering& Bribery
You would jave Lost! Hands Down!
We wish it were based on #PopularVote as well.
You didn't win the popular vote remember That is Why you are acting like a child who is not getting his way grow up
So proud to have you in charge! Thank you!
more dancing?
except you lost the popular vote you annoying orange.
http://www.theblaze.com/news/2016/12/20/ny-man-kills-ups-driver-and-runs-over-his-body-tells-police-he-thought-it-was-trump/ … Unhinged "tolerant" liberals in action...
your narcissistic attitude destroys your character donny boy

- you could have moved up a few notches from the bottom of the barrel- 47th out of 49 elections, Minus 2.1% against Hillary

Loser. Liar. Little hands. Can't change 3M votes more for Hillary. Crooked. Not normal.
TRUMP for oresident!!!!!!!   Oh , wait he is ...hope is here !!!
bro you won just chill

On January 20th I hope they drive you to the old set of The West Wing and leave you there with a bunch of actors.
you really have no life do you?
Also less popular than any other prez-elect!  Sad. #minorityPresident
The reason the Democates are so upset is because they cheated and expected to win. But you were to popular
you mean conspire w/ a foreign state differently
They are sore losers.Ignore! Please make the wealthy (regardless of type of income)pay the same tax rates the working do otherwise unfair!!!
So what you're saying is that you would have said anything to get the vote.. because you have no conscience/convictions!!
who the fuck cares. Only you. You love yourself sooo much there is no way you have room to love anyone else.So sad.Get help
who cares!Do Your Job! Act like a President!
Hmm. Really? What would Putin have advised? You are so unpresidentedly idiotic!!
we loveyou regardless;  please,  stay safe & secure and fix the problems as you promised 
así fue
2/3 of the country didn't vote or didn't vote for you. Just sayin.
what? You lost the popular vote. Are you nutts?
Why does it bother you so much that you are the biggest popular vote LOSER in the history of America?

DON'T BELIEVE THE MEDIA!!! Putin tells me he has evidence of MILLIONS of illegal voter. Standup guy! Hillary is a LOSER!! #TrumpVictories 
Did not vote for..
134,236,767  didn't vote for Hillary.
137,101,741  didn't vote for Trump
You can't help yourself, can you? My God, you are like a toddler. Do your job, please.
Such hatred Justin! Study the history of the US. Start simple (for your mind) with Rush Revere books.
It’s definitely possible to ‘do better’ than less than half of the popular vote, Donald.
#ReadingComprehensionFail
wrong. #gaslighting #narcissistic #UNFIT #Unqualified
lol, bs
Is this what we get until you are impeached? How thin skinned and narcissistic can one sad man be. Pathetic.
I think this stems from some deep rooted unsolved emotional childhood issue, smh ...  @realDonaldTrump
He's lived a privileged life where everyone bows & scrapes to him. Reality is biting his ass. Still no press conference - can't handle it!
Ikr!!! The only thing I'm looking forward to at this point is #SNL @nbcsnl They're doing more than -> @realDonaldTrump
I agree last Sat SNL skits about Trump were spot on! Was waiting for his crybaby tweets!
you did so poorly that you needed Russia, Comey, the FBI, voting machine irregularities, and MSM missteps to win #nomandate
im talking through my brain
Donald, FOCUS.
It is possible. You lost the popular vote and now you're our fattest president since Taft. Could've won better and thinner.
what would have been changed by him winning the popular vote?
U lost popular vote by more than 3 million votes.If we had gone w/popular vote, you would b up in NY. U brought up people who were voting illegally, but when votes were recounted, more illegal votes were for http://u.You  should be grateful to the electoral college.
campaigning differently @donaldtrump, would still not have gained you more votes! Dont U see whats happening in the streets
You couldn't win without the lies and deceit.  You whole campaign was a lie laden conspiracy joke and you are ruining this country for your personal gain.
No you wouldn't have. You lost the popular vote, you wouldn't be able to campaign for that.
damn your getting slammed right now
By gosh, I don't agree with you often, but when you're right, you're right: abolish the Electoral College! Finally, something we Democrats & you Republicans ALL agree on. Even Mr. Trump agrees! Since Trump will do even better in 2020 if we abolish the EC, you'll all agree. Right?
Your claims of 3 million fraudulent votes is, like most things you say, a bunch of bullshit with no factual basis in reality. And winning the popular vote means you have to campaign in every state, not just the swing states. It's harder to win, not easier, as it should be.
This really gets to you, doesn't it? You're a fucking child. Your ego is ruining the country and it's still not enough.
asks you think it impossible to improve but would go a different path? So you'll run businesses and the country by changing what works? Hmm.
poor don no one wants to go to ur party http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/313076/trump-says-he-doesnt-want-celebrities-at-inauguration-after-none-agree-to-go/ …
4 the non party people, check out on next 8 yrs of success finally from Obama disaster.  MAGA
yes Donald, you won. Continue to gloat. We all know your win is unpresidented. Why not spend time doing something for USA?
building the WALL by blocking you ,is a start

Trump says he doesn’t even want any celebrities at inauguration after none agree to go http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/313076/trump-says-he-doesnt-want-celebrities-at-inauguration-after-none-agree-to-go/ …
B/C no one wants to be seen with a sexual groper perverted ego maniac of a man-child likes to coddle Ivanka
Some of us are ok with our President. Had you heard?
yeah, some. Most of us are not.
Not really.
uhh... yeah. I know you Trumptards only listen to the fool himself, but he lost the pop vote "bigly"
You listen to people who tell you stuff like this.

