Is this the look of a President?
why are you worried about the small stuff #nofocus #notmypresident get to work fool
Hillary is better
They should be ashamed of themselves! Go em President T hopefully you keep in touch with all of us twitter. #MAGA
We have to remember we are all on the same side. The country is horribly divided. Hopefully President Elect can unify.
not a chance, the more hate he pushes the more divided we become,
you are dividing yourselves. You are angry because most of the country cannot accept HILLARY
you can't say it like that and be honest...MOST of the country picked hillary....most of
trump is not my president  I'm moving to Alaska  bye America 
You gone yet?
you done taking this year old meme seriously?
Did they ever apologize for Walter Duranty's lies they published on the front page???
fuck you !!!!!
they r still counting votes. He may still win the popular vote. And, the absentee votes may not even be counted
at the current vote count Trump wins popular too
I didn't say for certain. Regardless, Hillary isn't going to be president.
after reading through the child sex ring code verbiage in #Podesta emails I'm relieved.
the emails r absolutely frightening. People need to learn to read and think for themselves
if they did, the only protests going on right now would be to indict Hillary.
Jesus Christ, asshole, you fucking won, even without the popular vote! Quit whining and act like a fucking leader!
they underestimated you..
hey Donald they have more followers than you do...
well I guess we'll just gave to see how it goes and what impact it makes
Follow me if you support Trump!
can we expect this from @ndtv ? @nytimes
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
What do you think about my song you inspired? You have the chance to love & rep all people
better start making changes President Trump, make it quick before people are on to you
Good morning Mr President. How many went out 10? Really, does anyone still subscribe to that biased dirtrag?
Time for you to curtail your tweeter rants, you are now the president elect, learn some dignity and grace
when know one is buying papers, they might get a hint!!!
Gotem?

Nah.
you won. You beat every odd. Act like a president!
but how does a president actually act?
does anyone have a copy of this letter?
here
so he was lying again.   Shocked...not
lying that it was an apology that is.
Remember his lawyers have to see him in pairs because of his unusual interpretations
'unusual interpretations' 
They still haven't completed the final results yet either http://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/president …
Aw, were the nasty papers saying bad things about you? Diddums.
I doubt it too! #DeleteMSM They are "The Snake"  #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA!
THEY HAD MONTHS TO CORRECT WHAT THEY WERE DOING!!!
leave them out in the cold Mr president
is about respet. Well done.
Dont trust them!!
This is a lie. I'm a subscriber & received no such "letter."
idiot
Show our President-elect the respect he earned, ma'am. Your temper tantrum isn't helping anyone.
He earned it.
Liar. They did not. White supremacist in the White House. Bet all those minorities who voted for you regret it.
.@realDonaldTrump  @nytimes =  hacks. But here's a great idea!  Why not meet w/@BadassTeachersA to discuss ed. policy? #TeachersTalk2Trump
Hacks, eh? A teacher doesn't see how this tweet is problematic? unfollow.
Did you not read @wikileaks emails abt. @maggieNYT nor see video https://twitter.com/wizdom4you/status/796354576026726400 …

The NYT isn't the issue. President coming after media is. You don't teach civics.
You have a world to run and you send 2 tweets about @nytimes - great focus dude... NOT
#ナゲッツ親子
あなたの目撃情報は…5704112番目親子を捕まえるには、まだまだ情報が足りません引き続き情報をお寄せください

Why the HELL do you lie so much?
It is clear that your not a fan of The Times, but your insecurity is showing after 10+ posts about them.
You didn't ask a question in your tweet so don't use a question mark.
Jew York Times.
This is what you created Mr Trump! Shaking my head in disgust
Donald J Trump is not the proprietor of the N(J)ew York Times and did not create it.
I'm talking about your disgusting racism
Lady, my name is Kinsmann. Think about it. #PMT?
very sad
Praise you.  America must keep you as president.  All humans need freedom and less RESTRICTIONS. HOPE.
Love world Love life. Travelers of the world:  Rick Steves. Joseph Rosendo, Rudy Maxa.. Amazing healing input.
#Mazel Tov on your winning.We are THE DEPLORABLE & we won big. Merry Christmas to your family. G-D Bless you all
The words of ALI and the words of MLK in Nobel Peace Prize 1964.  Let's Not fight. Love and Lift USA. Focus. INPUT
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
@sauchelli I love that you retweeted Trump. One step closer to acceptance
As we say on the internet: Link or it didn't happen.
People are for you.  Close to 2 Million motorcyclists rode 4 YOU to WA.  Farmers Businesses need you. Less laws.
Positive Input! Your great words:  Anything that harms America harms our nation. A Healthy Nation for all needed
ONCE AGAIN YOU LIE! How about getting to Work and quit tweeting , lying and playing gold you fake president.
お前なら大統領になれるって信じてた。
What are you? 10 years old? RS
toddler
delete your account
well said. He should just focus on the important things and stop bitching. Act like a president already.
it is unbelievable how you can twist reality to fit what you want to believe. The result of a very troubled mind.
Trump will do one thing after another,it won't take long for the people to see he was the right one
Stay safe & remain strong Mr President! The REAL people of this wonder country continue to support you! Ignore the corrupt & fake media!
&why should it?You haven't changed a bit.Still playing the victim, aren't you?Millions of Americans read THE NYT!
Why do you LIE so much? When it is so easy to prove how much you LIE? liar liar liar liar liar liar racist racist
Freedom of the Press Mr. Trump. Please read 1st Amendment before inauguration.
He wants to restrict freedom of speech.
It didn't change - they continue to post false information.
it sad that we elect a person and the main stream media and powers at be love to push negative!!! #trump president
Doubt you will stop complaining on Twitter when you are the President.
No apologies accepted. They are heartless with no credibility
Like someone with a spouse w/an addiction, let them show true change for a few years. Don't trust quickly.
I hope it does. ALL #MSM should be unbiased.
1/2 the Nation is in doubt. Show them & prove them wrong! 
#actionTrump
Don't relax - they WILL try to kick you at any opportunity,any moment they can, Mr. President.
so much for all publicity being good publicity
CNN sucks !
You were the best you were the best and you shall be the best for USA. Contrary In africa they eat as we salivate
CNN-give President elect Trump a chance to reunite our country. Ana Navarro...accept the results of the election.
Doubt it too.. But u do what you said you wud! Up hold the Constitution and we who voted u in will always back u!
More lies from drumpf, not a BIG surprise! the NYtimes told drumpf to shove his threats http://www.ifyouonlynews.com/politics/politicians-behaving-badly/the-new-york-times-just-gave-trump-a-giant-fck-you-after-his-early-morning-meltdown/ …
Threats????
prove it
.want change, neither will all the rest. They are already lying about you
now that u are President-Elect it is bad taste to lie, you #racist #abusive #coward. Do what u can to improve your behavior
It was not an apology, but interesting way to spin it. Kudos for not giving up the lies, even after being elected.
GET OVER YOUR DAMN SELF. NO ONE IN THIS COUNTRY WILL EVER TAKE YOU SERIOUSLY!!!! NEVER....
You are the dumbest white man who ever lived. You cannot accept an apology. You're an idiot.
Don't you have a transition team to be putting together? I hear you're a bit behind.
Maybe try doing something good instead of complaining about what people say about you?
they're just afraid their newspaper will be boycotted. The apology is about their numbers. Not authentic.
who cares about nytimes? Nobody reads it but liberals in NYLove your tenacity one of big reasons I voted for you
lol Bad? More like accurate! #nevermypresident #imwithher
no way nyt is crooked and owners are super liberal wouldn't trust for a second don't believe
....no we see their true colors, they are just trying to kiss up since you are POTUS.  sorry NYT. :(
agreed
@ChatRevolve @nytimes Will never change as long as they collect Clinton cash.
yes
Sorry. In this country illegal are not accepted. Now, the law is respected. Donald Trump is the new president.
DON'T MATTER WE LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!
That was not an apology!
I don't trust them. Watch your back Mr President.
YES, Mr. Trump, WE the American people CARE about your taxes! YOU need to be TRANSPARENT like ALL other presidents.
disagreement =/= bad! How are you SO shamelessly ignorant of how democracy works? Get it together.
Your whining isn't dignified. Stop it. It's time to elevate your behavior. @nytimes
Like I told before trust no one of them They're a group of hypocrites remember that through your 4 years in office
Total lie
Editorial by David Remnick New Yorker was  vicious....  "election a tragedy for the American Republic"
no they didn't, another twisted lie!
what about the kkk planning a parade in your honor in North Carolina,
We Are Not Accepting It.. Is Too Little Too Late.. The Caused Chaos In #America Intentioinally
, Donald, you have weight of the US and the world on your shoulders don't give up, on American people
But did they apologize to you?  I think they should! BIGLY!
YA TIENE U.S.A HA SU FRANCO AMERICANO A SU CAUDILLO PARTICULAR LO MEJOR QUE SOLO SON 4 AÑOS YA NO SE PRESENTA MAS!
do you ever stop making shit up!?
4the sake of the office, shift your focus. Let someone else be the watchdog. Focus communication on vision, policy, serving
the ny times wrote about hillary's emails on a daily basis.
doubt it
I don't think you RTFA.
@contreary You do not know how to read. No apology to U from NYT. How are U going to read a stack of briefings each night?
Congrats & good luck - huge numbers of supporters voted for you for your promise to investigate HRC - PLEASE DO!
Doubt it..they were brutal and completely inaccurate...but we can hope, can't we??
GET READY! It will get WORST! As the nation BOYCOTTS ANYTHING TRUMP! This game will cost. U will be bankrupt AGAIN
Never, Never trust The NY Times.. DON'T forget!
LIAR..NEVER happened
leopards can't change their spots.
Another total lie. Do you even know what truth is?
This is false.  There was no apology.  Why do you lie so much?
wonder if you'll change-doubt it..
Gloating is a strange way to be president of all Americans.
trump world not what they said. Do you have a learning issue
That was not an apology to you Donald.  If you had ever apologized you would know what one sounds like!
The election is over; you don't need to lie any more!
I say screw them mr. President you'll be around long after they're gone. God bless you and keep up the fire
I just resubscribed.
NO
I am proud to say Donald Trump is my President 
more lies  crash&burn, donald
please focus on more important things than bashing the @nytimes
It is a step in the right direction. We must come together and build a strong America. Let's remain hopeful.
nobody cares what the media says about you President elect Donald Trump. We know you're going to do great things for us.
you're too busy worrying about your publicity than to address the protests or actually do something about it
too little too late!
There's no bad coverage of you.  Just the truth that you somehow seem to deny at every turn.  You = serial liar.
Apparently you can't read.....
maybe we should just have faith in them until they show us a reason not to? #thingsthatmakeyougohmm
they are still snakes that will bite you at their first opportunity!
Do you have a copy of this letter?
They won't change...they are heading for Chapter 1
That is actually not true. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/nov/15/donald-trump/donald-trump-says-new-york-times-apologized-bad-co/ …
you were right Mr. President-elect! NYTIMES continue to be big sleaze bags!!! Corrupt, dishonest news!
don't believe their apologies, they will do it again and again, lie and lie cuz that's what they do!
as I tell folks to give you a chance before judgement. I will say the same, maybe mr. president give them a chance


you better do something extraordinary during your presidency, but I'll be there watching and waiting for you to fail.
Fraud and lies is not Journalism morons of the New York Times!!
you are right again! They are back to lying
omg who gave you your twitter account back?  Please be nice.  I can't hold my breath for 4 years lol
Too late!
Another lie from little donny - this is getting boring
I hope they continue honest stories and don't rewrite history out of fear of you.
I just watched 60mins I am proud that you are going to be President for all Fight for us & make America Great Again
Biased for years U represented us in the political arena to expose them 4 who they truly r #Time4TruthInTheMedia
Supposed "tough guy" is thin skinned when it comes to anyone saying anything negative   #notmypresidentever
I hope no one goes back. They r not sorry for the bad coverage of u, they r sorry their jobs r in jeopardy!
So where's the letter?
why do u do this? This is why I don't support you.
Start at least acting Presidential now, okay? Fake it if you have to, but try it. Can you?
Oh really? Another Trump fabrication.
not a chance. They are too arrogant.
you mean this letter?
spoiler alert: there's no apology.
The faith of a mustard seed boys.
Would like to do in-depth interview on policy - let's work together - free press important #soundpresidential
lol
Forget the NYT changing, you better.  You are hurting yourself more.
Doubt it very much! Trying to stem bankruptcy. Nobody believes them!
