@drpinedat @Marialisu Just a social club
Tu sabes usar 4chan?
Ni idea de que es
Mira el nivel de enfermedad de este pendejo,y hay gente con muchísimo poder que creen esos disparates. Eso es absolutamente satánico.
Puro egoísmo , sin evolución no podría estar escribiendo por medios lo que escribe , para evolución se necesita desarrollo constante
Dirigiendo los programas de la ONU hay gente que piensa así. Googlea "Lucis trust".
Igual que la basura de la cienciologia https://www.lucistrust.org/es 
La cienciologia es solo una estafa,esto es mucho peor.
Kind of like Mir-a-Lago
Stop criticizing deals or entities that are beyond your comprehension
Serious? So bashing Trump is more important to you than Mugabe and WHO? Wow... just wow.
Yap for snowflake like  him is more important @UN  then USA!
no two snowflakes are alike. You, however, can't think or tweet without someone else's help ;)
I do not need help with tweeting. Well, I am not sure about you!!!
Should have stopped at "Well, I am not sure . . ." That would have made sense. :)
...Why isn't the UN taking action to charge Bashar Hafez al-Assad and bring him to trial for  "crimes against humanity" rather then an all out war of total destruction?
...Why isn't the UN taking action to charge Bashar Hafez al-Assad with "war crimes against humanity" and brought to trial—as happened after WWII.  Sad to have to say “after” rather then “before”.
Same as AU and ECOWAS
you were quoted in an article by @NPR
Expensive boys and girls club.  must also de-fund.
@UN  is Jelous that make #americagreatagain , they still think there is no #islamicradicalterorism or Islamic Terrorist they it is fake news they are wrong!
Truth.
A collection of despots that needs to be unceremoniously shitcanned from our shores.
Dá a entender que é ele quem escreve os seus tweets. Tão infantil.
a very true assessment.
Best Muscle Builder Out! Try The Free Trial And Get Instant Results! Click The Link Below http://bizprofits.go2cloud.org/aff_c?offer_id=52&aff_id=24209 …
I agree, the UN has long since forgotten what it was formed for. It is not a global Government, but it tries to be!
Putin is laughing ! @realDonaldTrump
Stop giving the UN our money! Shut it down... waste of time and money.
If you have time to tweet pettily about the UN, you have time to condemn Paladino's racist remarks about the Obamas.
@renomarky -And rip off American tax payers!
obama is better than you
Then why did more states vote against the woman who wanted to keep his laws?
3 million more people voted for Hillary Clinton.
30/50 states voted for Trump.

still won. Still going to be president. Deal with it.
Not my president, just America's embarrassment.
click share? Leave your shitty facebook memes on facebook.
Designed after Holocaust to prevent genocide. Failed in Rwanda, Kurds, Yazidis, and is ready to allow 2nd Jewish Holocaust.
the United Nations is a joke
you donot even have my respect
What's SAD is our newly President-Elect is a sensitive 13yo Twitter freak.
@bfraser747   And trash Israel... screw the U.N.
defundUN
STFU stupid
You say "sad" a lot.  Boring.
You can fix it, just like you fixed Trump Steaks, Trump Vodka and Trump Univeristy.
I went to Trump Universtiy. Well done 
Bow down bitches
it's a joke!!! Can't wait for Obama to get out of the White House and for the people to have a great President Trump!
what do you know about it? Nothing, like everything else
Fix it
.  Clear you are familiar with frivolous, pointless clubs where people get together just to socialize, but UN isn't 1.
agree - but abstaining was the right move at the right time. Stop the land grab, or let native Americans do the same!
Political discourse by the President-Elect of the United States held on Twitter.  Such a statesman - not.

For the love of God, shut up!
Defund it, better yet, disband it. What good has it done?
you don't have the best record for fixing things. Pitiful.
this is sad. The fact that this idiot is demeaning the incredible work the UN does is pathetic and misguided
.@realDonaldTrump This reminds me of something but I can't put my finger on it
.@realDonaldTrump If you think that people "have a good time" at United Nations meetings, I wonder if you ever have attended one.
.@realDonaldTrump This is what a UN meeting is like:
He doesn't read. If he doesn't see it in pictures, it never happened.
Can't fool me. Do-nothings in blue helmets drinking blue koolaid. Talking about climate change.
#Resistance
Your daily reminder that you are a popular vote LOSER! #resist
.@realDonaldTrump Oh, kind of like your Cabinet will be just a club for billionaires who don't know what the fuck they're doing to get
.@realDonaldTrump together & fuck everything up because they're that incompetent? People in glass houses...
Billionaires don't know what they are doing? Is this an oxymoron? Merry #Christmas!
.@Linda_Johns_ @realDonaldTrump How many businesses has he had fail? How much money has he lost over the years? If he was a competent
sometimes you lose sometimes you win, that's the beauty of taking risks. The sum is a fantastic net profit.
.@Linda_Johns_ @realDonaldTrump It's amazing how many Trumplodytes have used that argument. It's not really true, though, is it?
I guess he pooped $4.5B out of thin air like Obama has been printing money, right?
After all, of course it's true. A few failures did not hinder his determination to succeed. He became better.
Throw in a few hookers and it’s one of your parties.
And then makes 10/24 "UN Day". Your voters got so swindled it's hilarious.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @nytimes
As opposed to what, you flaming sack of greasy shit?

What they're doing it called diplomacy.

I know you have a hard time keeping up, but just because you don't understand what they're talking about doesn't mean the talks aren't important.

Sit down, STFU, and go watch some tv.
$285 million is a nice start.  Not nearly enough though.
The presidency of the US had such great potential but right now it is just a  mob club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
Seriously tho @UN @realDonaldTrump
Pres. Trump and Nikki Haley keep up the good work ..these countries want more and more but speak subversive towards the U.S. let them know they either fall in line or no more 22% funding.
Really Dad when snowflkes @UN  America getting better and UN getting worst  (
And they scold Quebec for refusing to take false illegal refugies among the 20,000 that has already gone thru our canadian falty 
Frontier so far in Quebec !
.@realDonaldTrump and THAT is why you clearly don’t understand international politics.
We should opt out of UN
uh, no. It’s there to help prevent another world war, which we don’t need.
so u r saying if we opt out there is going to be a guarenteed war? Why?
human rights, environmental issues, peacekeeping, nuclear nonproliferation, agricultural development…
so there r no human right problems or enviromental problems in the world
cite your sources.
What I m saying is does the world listen to the United Nations
You are an embarrassment. Every day I wake up, I hope beyond hope you can at least act like an adult. No such luck.
He is the president we needed a long time ago. Now he has to fix Obama's fuckups as well. So sad.
How is he going to handle world affairs when he can barley even handle musical casts and Saturday Night Live?
We don't care about world affairs, this is about AMERICA and AMERICAN affairs. It's about OUR PROBLEMS, no one elses.
"We don't care about world affairs?" Hate to burst your bubble, but America is part of the world.
I pray you pull the US out of the UN and stop funding Islamic nations to "like us better" such as Clinton did to Pakistan.
Like he just did by signing a $110 Billion arms deal? The UN helps nations solve problems diplomatically rather than militarily. We need it.
UN is not for anyone but ARAB, stop all funding, turn building into VA!
Is the man earlier actually stating that Obama has lowered the deficit. I hope he truly does some soul searching.
I'll tell you why this  hurt so badly because you actually believe that b******* that you guys for the majority LOL
UN is a puppet of certain group..Not at all independent
Dictator's Country Club... and ou4 taxes pay for these bastards!Woof!!!
U N is more corrupt than Clinton foundation.
Too bad ur education is so lacking on the role of the UN
You being elected president is the saddest thing to happen to the U.S. and Mother Earth.
What an embarrassment this man must be to Americans. He obviously is incapable of embarrassing himself.
https://twitter.com/un/status/813523332335304709 … Read and learn :) @teenvogue
Here's a list of 10 ways the UN makes a difference in the lives of millions every day. 

See what else we do: http://bit.ly/1PMffVk  
shame on you. #trytoactlikeaman
I've always said that-------
wonder how many Haters will hate this comment. This place is just full of Haters. Wtf.
Apparently,you know nothing about what the UN does..somehow, it doesn't surprise me.
.@realDonaldTrump #DefundUN turn building into apartments for homeless VETS. They are nothing but criminals with diplomatic immunity.
Soooo sad.
You are the one who is SAD for our country.  Your limited knowledge and big ego are already damaging our country.
whoever is against Israel will fade and not see daylight "for curse be he who stands against the chosen ones". So be it..!
You are so ignorant of facts:
UAT abt UNICEF and Peace Keeping Missions? These aren't Fun Clubs? _UN better than No-UN
#UnitedNations #Palestine #Israel
You really want to start WWIII, don't you?
a club sounds more like your cabinet choice resign before Jan 20 please. Your way over your head.
you are sad

You should just swoop by, pick me up and we can go deal.
you are projecting what You do Trump. That would be nothing, except feeding that insatiable ego of yours. Poor Donald.

You have the American citizens at your back.  Get out of the UN. Save money, save the agravation
What do you know about the UN?  Have you ever been at any meeting!  You are just making words come out of your mouth!
,you just really have no idea what you are doing,do you Mr drumph.
you don't even know what the U.N does or stands for #IDIOT
AND YOU THINK ITS ALL ABOUT YOU?
儅魔鬼低靈充斥的時候，祂就祇能如此暸！而且祂們玩的很high
I am totally agree with you in this statement, they have a lot to do, still waiting to be pushed.
the un supports barbarians, has a nation that is a human rights abuser as head of the human rights council,  defund u.n
You obviously have no idea what the United Nations is or what it does. Brush up, Buttercup!
Like you do at Mar-a-lago every weekend??? At taxpayer expense. So sad!
UN is a corrupt organization that constantly bows to Chinese pressure to prevent Taiwan from contributing to the intl comm.
If Killary got elected the Obama disaster would have just been exacerbated. Please don't destroy my faith.
what would you even know about what the @UN does? You are a self-centered, self-obsessed con man.
kagame is the cruelest dictator on this planet.
You know everything, you think.  Try being humble.
nojento 
you are a fool.
fire them all
I'm not surprised at all, I love you, you speak what I have seen for so long, go Trump!
You are so mistaken re: The United Nations. Why 
don't you read the history of the UN? U might learn a thing or 2. Shame
http://www.learnprogress.org/trump-paying-1-per-hour/ …
Simple: Defund the anti-American, corrupt #UN @realDonaldTrump
we're not talking about your cabinet meetings, Tangerine Mussolini. It's where grown ups work things out.
True
Fully agree ! However UN should not be slave to any country even to USA.
Sr. Presidente. @realDonaldTrump lo que USTED Dice es cierto. y sino preguntenle la ONU @MisionONUCol #colombia
Si la ONU estaba de parranda con Farc en donde se dice que pudo haber hasta presencia de menores de edad..Que garantia tenemos los Cbianos? 
impunidad total de la dictadura disfrazada de falsa paz en Colombia
We have great hope in you to manage to Keep this world together!
sorry this one was a message to Obama
No, dude. Just no. The UN is doing massive amounts of work, worldwide, much of which you seem determined to undermine.
Fun fact, the UN NEVER managed to solve a real crisis.
Sure, if you ignore ending conflicts in Cambodia, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mozambique, Namibia, Tajikistan.
Sierra Leone ...
US uses/blocks UN for own policies, time for that to change, starting last Fri.! #FreePalestine
Free Palestine from Hamas? Yea I agree. It's a sad reality that a terrorist group is controlling & manipulating them.

Retweet if this describes you! 
And bash America and Israel, and support corruption in 3rd world nations, and impose control over sovereign nations. Nix it
OMG. You know what's  really SAD? Is your insistence on showing the world your colossal ignorance.
you have a lot of us American's behind you President Trump. We voted you in so we believe in you.
It is controlled by some very evil forces!
Coffee and Talk
Many years ago a former US Ambassador to the UN rightly called the UN a  "theater of the absurd". ( Patrick Moynehan)
We dont want to be a part of the NWO, Mr. Trump. Just take us out of there. We are a soverign state and must remain so!
I urge you defund the UN. They fund terrorism, bring spies to NYC & U.S.A..  Throw them out of the U.S..
they even have good times supporting bloody totalitarian regimes http://linkis.com/www.periodico26.cu/i/qKyGs …

,it's time to dismantle this institution.  As u said it. cause the problems not solve them.
the U.N. Is the most Corrupt Organization on the face of this planet.
stand up against Israel Trump, I thought you had balls
How can I just write to you without all of these interruptions on tweet? 2017.. go for it.. all of me is committed to you..
Soooooooo the UN is the Rotary Club?  Do i got that right?
On Point
Thank you great man as you grant something us by this tweet.
please keep going to talk truth. U r correct...
Please get the U.N. out of the U.S.!!!
The UN is a ship that is sinking. Maybe the captain (Obama) should go down with the ship, which he will on the 20th.
will one of your handlers  write your posts!  This is top 10 your most stupidest posts.
Next to become a stolen country. By then, it'll be 2 late 4 his sheep to back out. #Putinspuppet
