but does Ben want it? If it's a ploy for the black community it ain't working. We traded him longgg time ago
YES!!!!!!
think of how much one could learn from these great minds, it's limitless.
another single person/family/or child, that has potential to be an entrepreneur or the next
yup
Please get govt out of housing, @RealBenCarson; set off boom in truly low-cost well-maintained housing. @realDonaldTrump #draintheswamp
Curious, what would you suggest?
a system not rigged in favor of big corporatists over others; they can get a share, but shouldn't control market
So when it comes to housing: affordable or public, gov't should let the market handle it?
"the market" is #WeThePeople; govt does a crap job of everything it touches—schools, jails, wars, regulations—on taxpayers' dime
Gov't isn't always the preferred option, however; fill gaps where industry failed. Also, voters voted for schools, housing, etc
misguided "voters" got duped by govt on schools; parents lead mass exodus from public schools into charters and other options
There would be no for profit "school choice" without public schools. How would you teach millions of people?
How do you know anyone is racist? from blk ppl
How many times have you on he net cared to go deep urban & speak as you do or lived as from your tower of safety nets?- from deep urban life
Excellent! #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
So glad Dr. Carson will be a part of the Trump cabinet!!
Awww...that's so sweet. You couldn't find anyone less qualified?
Me, @realDonaldTrump I'm appointing @RealBenCarson but have no idea what the "One China" policy is.

Yawn..

I think i"ll take a nap now. 
congratulations Ben
awesome appointment
he didnt want attorney general??
Qualified enough to destroy HUD? @realDonaldTrump @RealBenCarson

this keeps getting stranger? Twilight zone or x-files?
yes yes yes
@realDonaldTrump @RealBenCarson
cause a brain surgeon knows so much about housing.

and that is when we all die
This is for you, you little cry baby.....

lololololololollolololololololololhaha
Dumb and Dumber. Didn't he say he wasn't qualified to be in the cabinet?

congrats Uncle Tom, you made it out of the cabin
thought you said he wasnt qualified?
hallellujah!!  Good choices so far @realDonaldTrump !!
CONGRATULATIONS, DR. CARSON.

YES!!! LOVE BEN CARSON
Congratulations! Dr. Carson please accept my invitation to visit the Bronx.
- Great choice! I have met Dr. Carson and I have read "Gifted Hands." We are ready to do our part #MAGA #USA
great! He will fit perfectly into the insane asylum you call your cabinet. #OrangeIdiot

crazy stuff, but ok to manage hud. Carson will have everyone living in a cardboard box.
How a surgeon who says the Pyramids were constructed to store grain in any way qualified for this position?
good work. first seventh day adventist christian to be appointed to POTUS Cabinet.
.@realDonaldTrump @RealBenCarson  Huh? zzz  What?   zzz  I wanna ride the pony  zzz  Don't wanna run a government department. Don't wanna!
The man convenient to work and not suitable for the employer
Your work is good
you're a mess
great choice love this guy
how racist of you
How is Ben Carson qualified to head HUD? Please explain.
Owning a house does not make you qualified to run HUD. I own a house.
holy fuck!
Hypocrites  @RealBenCarson
A doctor can run HUD. Bush picked a dressage expert to run FEMA and that turned out well, right?
I think you mean one 'disappointment' at a time...
This is going to be very difficult for Baldwin & co to make fun of on SNL. His qualifications are: he lives in a house.
going to be hard for CNN to call him white supremacy good choice Mr President keep it up
Wishing all these crybaby trolls would drown in their tears. Tired of the Libtards in this country.

Go choke on a safety pin
Can’t wait for you to tell us about Ben’s relevant experience for holding this post, Donald.
He's a brain surgeon. Attention to detail, teamwork, can delegate, leadership to name a few.
I’m a trained lawyer, doesn’t mean I know diddly squat about govt housing programming
Obama went from community organizing to President. Qualifications? None whatever.
Having working class taxpayers pay for your NYC security is disgusting. If you're as rich as you say, pay for it yourself!!
so why is it ok that it cost us $72,881,504.68 to cover the cost of the Obama's vacations over his 8 yrs?
Barack Obama isn't a multi billionaire. Trump is.
well if they cant afford their own $10 mil vacations maybe they shouldnt have spent our money to take them
But you're ok w/ @realDonaldTrump spending $1 million of taxpayer money per day on security because he doesn't want to leave NY?
we are ok spending $235k/day on Syrian Refugees already here why not protect our own?
$235k/day is less than 1/4 of what we are spending for Trump per day and he's not a refugee and  it in danger ???
Ah yes but he is our President elect & soon POTUS & should be afforded the same considerations as past presidents.
must identify the enemies: communists democrats, soros, expose them they are subverting our Country. Bless you and yours
I am losing my Revere Mortgage because HUD sets Student Loan Payments at 1%-$3000, against DOE who set payments at Employment Income-$160.
THAT  SHOW HOW  DUMB  YOU REALLY  IS FRAUD.
Washington State eagerly awaits  assistance from our government and local government to become interdependent & to #MAGA. GOD BLESS U!
Dr- I just watched a "interview" on the View. You: articulate, intelligent & thoughtful. The women: rude, cold immature & argumentative.
THE #TRUMP ARM BREAK @WWE @TheRock You've got some competition. #THEPEOPLESHANDSHAKE
Wish this was just a state of mind...
This guy said he would leave the country when Bush was elected!  What is he doing here?
What are they afraid of?
smart choice #PresidentTrun 
And the clown show continues. There's an Amish guy available for Sec of Transportation.
I could not think of anyone more unqualified for that job. Great pick, Trump 2020
I can't understand the logic of this.
You are both pathological somethings!

Dude, lay off the cocaine. He's a neurosurgeon. Pick someone with potential competence.
DR CARSON IS A GOOD CHRISTIAN....THAT WILL HELP YOUR ADMINISTRATION......
GREAT PICK.  GREAT AMERICAN.  HE WILL GET THE JOB DONE!  MUCH FAT TO BE 'TRIMMED' AT HUD!
of You picked a guy who has no experience?  Why?  There are so many more qualified Americans.
I guy that admitted  he wasn't qualified.
ah yes.  A retired neurosurgeon makes perfect sense for housing and urban development 
Live you Mr Carson much success in your new position
in the art of the close the word Thrill Is Not Great you playing him
JOKE!
So you nominate a Doctor to be head of Housing , thats like making a mechanic head of neurosurgery...Stupid!
. We love Dr. Carson. He will be successful alongside President Trump.
smart.  When i say "smart" i mean, wtf does he know about thie position?  NOTHING!!! #trumpwillbetheworst
Oh God I want to throw up my very soul at the thought of a bat shit crazy man like that in charge
Who, Obama? I know. He's a total fake, has no past. Who is he. It's all made up!
Also Judge Andrew P. Napolitano for a judicial role?
Dr. Carson. I'll help expose HUD'S illegal conversion of propertys after my contract with HUD closes. ADAM
wow, another unqualified delusional git
Don Carson is a very very intelligent person Sure he is going to learn about his post
a surgical doctor in charge of Hud. There is a cabinet position called the Surgeon General..DUH!
Don't think there's a better man for Dr Carson.   No matter what post he accepts.
great pick
I love Dr Carson he will be a great.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryvljjccqL8 …
Excellent choice. Thrilled to have the Dr. in your administration.
Another amazing pick, President Trump. I'm so hopeful for our country I can barely stand it-incredible. @RealBenCarson
This is brilliant an outstanding American who has seen this from both sides. I would love to talk to the Dr
Ben don't get so overwhelmend that you go nuts and stab someone!  I guess that happened once already, right?
this is the most asinine appointment! Now @RealBenCarson isn't just a brain surgeon, but he is also a token. #AssHat
WRONG!!!
Students need to learn that Joseph built the pyramids to store grain. (insight by http://commun.it )
#العصيان_المدني_السوداني_19ديسمبر 
#Civil_disobedience_in_Sudan_19December
US should get rid of Section 8 HUD free housing 4 gangs,illegals, blacks who refuse to work except rob&kill.
when he said he wasn't qualified to run an agency what about that made you want to nominate him?
Wow, yet another mediocre choice for Drumpf cabinet
So a man who literally said he's not qualified to be in the cabinet will now be in your cabinet...
will Ben be able to give up his seconal habit?
please show up on each HUDS doorstep with an auditor.
This is gonna be  huuuuuge for our inner-city communities!
What a great choice.Thank you. We need more assets like Ben in the Donald J Trump leadership program.VICTORY
once @RealBenCarson wakes up from his walking coma I'm sure he'll be thrilled?
Okay, I'm going to perform surgery now, because I have as much experience doing that as he has in this arena
way to reward an incompetent candidate with a job that he will fail at... disaster.
He'll do a great job!
make all of #America great again!!!
Ben Carson has the heart of America!!! It is good that he will address homes!!
I am THRILLED he will be part of making America Great Again!!!!  Excellent choice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Other than living n a house what experience does he have?A millionaire out of touch with the little guy?
Michael Moore is a male version of Rosie O'Donnell
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HAAAAAA!!!
we need to call out Democrats "Racism" for saying Carson is not qualified etc. Call them out as racists
A wonderful choice!!
Nov 2015: "Trump Slams Carson’s ‘Pathological’ Temper, Likens it to Child Molesting"  Now: Loves him-new HUD

And the #Cabinet of #mixednuts just keeps getting weirder @realDonaldTrump @RealBenCarson How about nominating #MrPeanut or #MrPotatoHead?
WTF makes him qualified for this job????
@drscott_atlanta @RealBenCarson 
https://corrupt.af/ 
and exactly what are his qualifications? You said you would pick good people....why not qualified instead?
where do we put a brilliant medical mind during a medical crisis, HUD? #whitemanproblems
.
Courageous man.Great man!Revamp this hud.housinglack of casemgmt.forhousing voucherprograms.GreatNeedOhio
Carson totally UNFIT for this JOB! Told you so himself what changed in a week's time? Another BAD Choice!
Ben Carson assures Trump that he will increase his medication,then slips a packet to him while shaking  hand
the real problem with you and your supporters is that you think you're entitled to opinions about facts. Sad
I cangraculate Ben Carson he is gifted. Go and serve humanity Dr carson
who said himself that he is not ready!!  Ignorant trump!
I hear Ben has friends in high places.
Would be happy to help Dr. Carson. I have experience working with underprivileged youth & a Th.M.
great call!
You're the only one. Majority of Americans think he's an idiot.
Ben, remember that time they called you in the debate and you just stood there like an ass?
Never has anyone been less qualified for a cabinet post than Carson, except perhaps your other nominees.
you are not draining the swamp you are polluting it.
And his qualifications are...he lives in a house and campaigned non stop for you?
this is a joke right? @RealBenCarson what aboutwhen u said you had no business running a government office. U have no clue!
do you only know like 10 or so people? Maybe find someone who's both qualified and awake
Thank you for picking the faithful. @realbencarson
jeSUSSS! 
you know when you have that 1 black friend. And you need to discuss urban thangs but he don't know jack.
Wow! Kudos to you, sir for taking this brave step! Ever considered Dr Paul Craig Roberts for an advisory role in Treasury?
Politely can you explain to me in 15 words or less as to why he is a good fit? I know, being polite is a challenge. #please
I have a special place in my heart (and my brain) for neurosurgeons....Love @RealBenCarson !
God will honor your humility and love for this nation. God's speed in what you will achieve for him.
nice one - that will suit Dr Carsons great skills - now hoping for similar news on Rudy Giuliani
Ben Carson never lived in public housing. Ever. Stop saying it. He is in no way qualified for this job.
bad choice.
Very happy to your greatest victory as future USA President. Long live future USA President D.J. Trump!!!
Totally unprepared for the job as he readily admits.
Naming Carson to head HUD bc he lived in public housing is like saying one can run the Treasury bc they have a bank account
Why not Surgeon General? Or official Egyptologist? Or National Secretary of Soft Talkers?
Unencumbered by any knowledge of the subject
America, you deserve every catastrophe Trump and his radical incompetents inflict
awesome
@IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr #NeverBolton
Great choice!!!
bet he saw 'urban' and thought to get a black guy so he isn't racist lmaoooo
great choice!
oh lord were going to be living in cardboard boxes for sure!
guy tells you tht he is unqualified 'Look, my black friend is a neurosurgeon--bt u don't need 2 b to be really great in HUD
