oh, i won't enjoy it
oh come on how many times can u watch Hillary struggling to get into her van.
a billion times over him
I understand u wanna watch her cause after Nov 8th she will be irrelevant.
we'll see
Hillary just wants to break that ceiling,I'm not against a women for Prez just not her she is a pathological liar and unfit
I can't believe the dishonest media isn't reporting this:
go home Mikie.we only need1reason not 2 vote 4 Hillary.she's a lawbreaking liar
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/11983400 …?
oh, but not sweet Hillary's...she gets ppl deceased
proven false! Trump is a rapist! How can you vote for a rapist?
I'm not voting for Clinton.
Clinton isn't a rapist.
yeah you were interviewed and i think Oreilly is trying to sabotage u and smirks a lot.



STILL believe his "Dr." about Trump being "the healthiest candidate ever"?!
absolutely!
gross
can't wait. Go Trump!
why go on Oreilly he is not in your corner. seems to like spreading hillarys smut news
you have my vote sir, but you lost the debate, better prep next time don't let her bait you
Look what Donny's #1 alt-right fan has to say in reply to this tweet!
try to get some class, donny boy. reign in ur deplorables.
Who cares!
Trump for President!

Jesse Watters?
LMAO!

If only he was a reporter.
Your figures are wrong by -51%...
who gives a fuck?? Nobody wants to hear your lies...
ILL ENJOY SEEING YOUR TAX RETURNS. I CHALLENGE YOU SEND THEM DIRECTLY TO ME
Nobody cares liar
@keksec__org @jessebwatters @oreillyfactor IT IS SHAMEFUL: SO MANY BETTER MEN FROM GOP TO BE POTUS AND HOW DID YOU GET JOB?
mostly because he won the primaries. Americans are dumb.
WINNER TAKE ALL PRIMARIES GIVE OUR VOTES TO CANDIDATES NOT VOTED FOUR
Will anything that comes out of your mouth be the truth?
if his mouth is closed it's the truth if his mouth is moving it's a lie
@HillaryClinton #MAGA SHOW US THE TAXES N TELL US ABOUT RUSSIAN TIES
You're gay!!
show you taxes? how will that change your life?
coming from the racist, uneducated, follower of bigots GERRY
Uneducated? seems like you have been watching CNN!!
sorry for offending you I take back the "uneducated" lol
.what if anything can you do help older adults to pay for college even after Pell and TAP

Trumps criminal background. http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/11983400 …?
And at what time will you release your taxes, as promised?
You mean you didn't see his form letter to DrOz. He just makes it up and the rinos lick it up
God does need to come 1st! And we need to be proud to be Americans again, I want something to be proud of!
Hillary is better
#clueless Hillary supporter are you? 
yes
sorry to hear you're another clueless Hillary supporter. SMH
Stay up just to watch Jesse.  Love a man who can make a woman laugh :)
--->https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Csk6Xv1XgAA1vMi.jpg:large …
Dont forget your portable dummy machine otherwise you wont be able to talk without pissing off everyone.
there's a fucking trio to draw to. german liar & bully, irish liar & bully, and ...
@jacobsellarss
O Reilly is a crackpot!
What Mr Trump doesn't get is that I don't want to enjoy him on  Fox, I want to be informed.
so he's not "biased" media?  As long as his bias is favorable to you!
I loved you on the Dr Oz show. heart warming, made mom your supporter, yay. ~@ConnieMinshew
#ClintonHealth
vomit. I have better things to do than hear you lies over and over again
It's not a rule nominees have to share there tax returns! #Worryaboutyourowntaxes#VoteTrump!

Who cares!
another softball interview with sycophants, I hear you're afraid of @andersoncooper now
#NeverDonaldJokeTrump 
#Hillary2016
With the ability to solve problems and the heart of a lion kind and strong Sign SBP
Donald J Trump has my husband and our vote!Mr. Trump you are a strong person
I'll be watching.
We Will!!
Release your #taxreturns What the hell doyou have tolose the #American voters want toknow what you're hiding #Election2016
This Media is Racist..Right Wing Extremists!
Hope you enjoy being in "Watters World"!
#ProudDeplorable
trump will not apologize even when he's wrong, can't vote for you! Obama a citizen, apology!
Hate O'Reilly, another one who thinks he is 'hot shit' and Fox is NOT a NEWS network. Crap.
scared of CNN I see

you or bill I can tolerate listening 2 separately but when together, I get severely nauseous.
Hillary says she's lucky she gets time off, but low class peeps@don't,unless she gets elected
Why?? To hear you flip-flop? I don't think so!!
Very good idea, Watters has seen the worst everywhere. I'm sure he'll fill you in on it.
Sorry I missed it I didn't check tweets:(
Who cares!
Notice, other than Sean Hannity, everyone on Fox News creating negative Trump spin.
you can't make sir
The BIRTHER myth was started by the DNC to help CLINTON defeat OBAMA.Tell that to CNN, MSNBC
fox is your "safe space", interesting. Will Watters ask you  questions you don't like?
Kaepernick is MUSLIM
proud to be considered deplorable. Make america great again
go on a show that will question your lies not Fox who promotes them!!!!
you are a jerk!  Always were and always will be.
#africanamericanagainsttrump
where are your Tax Returns?
no thanks!  Heard enough!
keep it up Trump

if elected POTUS will you make @jessebwatters your Press Secretary?
PLEASE STAY FOCUSED AND DON'T LET HER TRY TO BAIT YOU IN THE DEBATES. SHE HAS NOTHING ELSE TO FALL BACK ON. GO TRUMP
Donald Trump, known pedophile.
I watch you all the time and Donald jr.we all know that you are going to make American great
Deplorable Don, Captain of his Comedian Team, has declared President Obama a U.S. Citizen. Applause please.
http://www.redstate.com/dan_mclaughlin/2014/09/13/democratic-party-proud-history-slavery-segregation/ …
Is The Democratic Party Proud Of Its History Of Slavery &

Who cares about a conversation between two bigots and haters!
Cnn going crazy!!
Lol
another birther and racist
4 more guaranteed votes for Donald Trump in Florida one by one he will get there
awesome speech tonight I'm going to Palm Beach on Monday to donate to your campaign mr. Trump
anyone who says trump does not have a plan or dosent act presidential, isn't paying attention ! Do your research , go TRUMP
Jesse Watters see you then #MAGA #VoteNov8 #TrumpPence2016

#TrumpsWorld
can't wait should be good Jesse is so funny
can you sign my pic
two cowards talking to each other
yawn
@Lawrence Countdown 53 days and The Don Con Show of America continues #WeThePeopleTaxCheckPlease
how bout the American people want answers on this https://youtu.be/yZMiptxm_R8 
deplorable reporting in from GA, we'll be watching
I think you and Jesse will support this petition!
remind your remind your son of the promises you made to release taxes wife immigration papers
I take that back. It didn't seem like a cheap trick-it was.
that seemed like a cheap trick to divert us from Hillary's speech-???
U & Watters...now that really is Dumb & Dumber!
WHO? JESSEBWATTERS.....WHO? on O'REALLY the wife beater's show? I'll pass.
IS SHE LEGAL ARE TOUR KIDS DREAMERS ANCHOR BABIES
YOU LIED, YOU SAID SHE'D RELEASE HER IMMIGRATION PAPERS
RELEASE WIFE'S IMMIGRATION PAPERS AND TAX RETURNS
enjoy????
I'm a big fan mr Trump. Good luck from the uk. Can you please retweet and wish luck for Jack.

BIRTHER, when will the performer wave his his magic wand and declare our President is legitimate?
@orlandoandresm4 @jessebwatters @oreillyfactor - love Watterspersonality Plus
caught it. that was good. i don't watch Fox news much these days

RIGHT, OK, YES!!...TRUMP-PENCE 2016!!
NO FOX!
WILL WATCH YOU PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP!
Bury the Birther - net media sale, the bidder is not on the ticket. Security! Jobs,Jobs,Jobs.
Jesse is a nice on the making Press Secretary: smart, witty,charming,pleasant,engaging,civil.
Trump has to be the biggest charlatan of modern times.  Can't wait for the debates.  No teleprompter, can't monopolize it.
@KatrinaPierson @jessebwatters @oreillyfactor Jesse is talented. U are doing great! At debate:be humble, play nice but WIN!
I think its a natural self defense system he has. It worked. I can't unsmell those racist turds his butt put in his pants
You were GREAT!!!!!!! We love you.
True story: we're nxt dor stdio for podcast intervw. I was gonna go n say something snarky to trump but he he shit himself
more like tolerate
MR.TRUMP, YOU SHOULD BE INTERVIEWED BY AGENTS OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE--LONG OVERDUE
Enjoyed it!
.@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters @oreillyfactor 
Vote for Trump, for #MAGA . Our only aim "No Hillary".
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters
Crooked @HillaryClinton 's fans are worse than KIM JONG-UN and need to have their head examined.
#MAGA
3 #PathologicalLiars 4 the price of 1. Or our souls if we buy in2 ur #BullshitMountain stuff.
You once offered a million dollars to anybody proving birther nonsense. Did anybody collect?
we the people demand to see your tax returns
You're a soft-headed, self-aggrandizing dicknozzle.
Is Katrina now only the official retweeter of all that is Trump. Did he not pay you either?
Mr Trump, please address the seniors in the US. No raise in SS. Can you live on $1,100 a mo?
Loved it! YOUNG FOR LIFE: your lbs-loss solution. Marilyn Diamond (310-922-4797) Will send!
Donald for President
I hope you #KickTheirFilthyMediaButts @realDonaldTrump
Hurling all the way. And am not referring to that ancient Gaelic/Irish sport.
@xmlwx75 @jessebwatters @oreillyfactor Watching just because UR there.   Otherwise,  I can't stand OReilly
Crooked lying tax cheater
You were great!  Keep it going!  :) #Trump  #NeverHillary
The reasons for every loving American  to vote #TrumPence16
release


let us know when you're not on the nazi news network getting softball/scripted questions
Talk to the blacks on the Tom Joyner Show, not from a white majority rally.  Turn up the Heat
interviewed by who?, on what? Never heard of them, must be preaching to his choir again
I will enjoy never seeing your face again
Try leaving fox you coward.  What about Dian Rhem?  You probably don't know what npr is.
Trumps campaign says Obama was born in America, I want to hear HIM SAY IT!!
enjoy? Lol

when was the last time you were interviewed by a real journalist?
