We are counting the days until your PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES IF AMERUCA
AMERICA
Tough that despite your deep conviction & emulation of Christ, Ivanka abandoned her faith.  Praying she comes back to God.
how about your campaign's anti-semitic staff? Do they also extend their best wishes? #RenegadeJew #SheriffStar
So because Trump isn't a loxist he must be anti-semitic?
.@realDonaldTrump
h9 that I can’t retweet this </3
Warmest is a theme
@a_imbriani bravo! Con rispetto
@talschneider Thank you very match but my vote is still to @GovGaryJohnson
Please kick HC's Ass!!
I doubt they want anything to do with your filthy mouth.
Thanks DJT.  Why didnt you ask Hilary and Obama how much tax they pay!
everyone knows they put out their tax reports right away
Good luck Mr Trump.  We love you!!!
u screwed the pooch big time..
So you groped them and chanted kill them all?
looks like the rootless cosmopolitans got to Donald. Alt-reich hardest hit.
Oh pipe it all their ad hominem attacks mean jack squat. So does your Alt-reich fake description

Lolwut #trumpanzees
Amen. ♡+♡.
Way to treat women Donnie. Bet you've got their votes.........NOT!!!!!!
for get about it will be old news do good at debate no worries I love women to KY and the USA got your back
do your  friends like it when u pretend to like Jewish ppl?
Your making money and living safe thanks to the rest of us!  You are an American Disgrace!!
is one of the 47% on moochers and takers Romney talked about 
No , it was the code word for  welfare and Medicare people!  It was Racist!
Welfare is a race?
I'm sure the #JewishCommunity is thrilled! Is that u guys celebrating? #Duke #Breitbart #Bannon there2? #DEPLORABLE #RACIST
NO WORSE than Black Panthers, BLM, La Razza, Black Israelites
NOWORSEthan #KKK #KGB #neonazi #Gestapo #Hitler FinalSolution4 #Latinos?#DEPLORABLES #CRIMINALS #THUGS VOTE:#MOMS
you have NO idea what you're talking about it
... I am so glad I wasnt on twitter when this came out....because I feel so dirty now...
all of Trumps grandkids are Jewish.  Hillary is helping finishing Hitler's job BC Chelsea didn't convert
Less yetzer hara in your words. What is this? Since when are we the deciders of HaShem's will?
I wonder if Hill dog extended the same greeting.
And a happy fall harvest from the pagans from whom all you "Christians" stole your "holidays"!
You are not just saying that because you're running for President are you ?? Never knew you cared so much.
Please tell your followers to stop harassing Jewish reporters, especially women, and we'll accept your warm greetings.
suuuuuuure you do
thank you Mr Trump and L'Shana Tova to you and yours.
no one believes you.
my family and I extend our warmest "up yours" to the ridiculous candidate with the brillo pad on his head
Do you know what Rosh Hashanah is???? Religion ain't your thing.
Will you pls bring up the fact that HRC sold uranium to Russia which is used to make nuclear bombs? America is unaware!
no you don't
Shalom, Mr. Trump
She still in hiding from plagiarizing our fabulous FLOTUS? HA HA!
you dont even know what that is
kaine is whinning
thanks DT
Thank you goy
Did it feel weird bashing someone4 a porn movie when your wife was in one. OH that's' right she's a woman,U could care less
Mr. TRUMP, why are you letting Anderson Cooper moderate the next debate?
Sanders Voter for Trump!
EVERY ONCE IN OUR WORLD WALKS ....THOSE... THE SPECIAL FIGURES, SENT TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE IN OUR LIVES & THE WORLD!
AMERICA ARE YOU EXCITEDD TO SEE WHAT DONALD JOHN TRUMP WILL DO FOR OUR NATION!
thank you
HE IS THE HOPE FOR OUR NATION!HE KNOWS THE ECONOMY & HOW TO MAKE IT WORK!
AND YOU ARE AL INCLUDED IN DONALD JOHN TRUMP'S AMERICA!
WE ARE ALL INCLUDED IN TRUMP'S AMERICA!!!
AND THIS IS TRUMP'S AMERICA!
AND THIS IS TRUMP'S AMERICA!!!
AND THIS IS TRUMP'S AMERICA!
..AND YOU ARE TRUMP'S AMERICA!!
YOU ARE TRUMP'S AMERICA!
WE NEED A REAL& TRUE LEADER! TRUMP!TRUMP! TRUMP! TRUMP! TRUMP! TRUMP!
, when did you ever have warmest greetings especially towards Jews blacks Hispanics women physically handicapped people
, why don't you let her write the good wishes are you afraid she might plagiarize it
Melania is a a gold digger... and you are worse...
How awesome,… Do you also employed Jewish people? Can't wait for your hateful tweets about Rosh Hashanah.#TrumpIsRacist
like you give a shit
read Byron York's article about HRC's silence on Obamacare
hahahahahaaaaa. You're heartless. Nothing about you is warm
that is nothing more than a slap to all Jewish people coming from you #TrumpTrash
L'Shana Tova
Thank you Mr. Trump.  Be careful of your tweets. Lying media likes to twist your words.
at the Prescott event. 20,000 people trying to get into an arena holding 6,500. Wow!!
Hello Mr Donald Trump thank you for your Shana Tova message
girl bye
you need to learn how to spell the word . And if you were not an anti Semite you would have said. Shona Tovah
what's isreal? I only know Palestine.
Please, Melanomia doesn't even know where that is!
sure you do,,,,
Bull .
Well wouldn't they be immigrants?
what's a Jewish?
Please
THANKS-support SPORT FISHING and pick up millions of votes
we don't want your greetings.
phony
considering how many antisemitic followers you have,  should you be wishing we 'skypes' a happy new year?
I have never felt so frightened as an American Jew as I am at the thought of you being president. God forbid.
This is like Hitler observing Passover.
guess who just got 10million votes
Yes its difficult to feed the basest instincts and then wish your common enemy through your words salutations.
I see bullshit. I walk away. No need to fling it around and make a bigger mess than you already have.
Shana tova,  haverim b'Israel v b'col ha olam.
your followers send hate filled msg's to people of color.
I'm sure ppl appreciate @KellyannePolls tweet from @realDonaldTrump acct!
And yet you're happy to accept the support of white nationalists and klansmen.
yeah when is she getting deported Donny
"I think we'll keep them right? Should we keep them in the room?" Stop lying. Release your taxes or quit race. #bigotry
fuck Israel. Quit supporting terrorist regimes
didn't know you were still with Melania, why is she never on the trail introducing you what kind of First Lady actually be
You do realize that your followers are using code "Skype"="Jew" to avoid getting banned when making anti-Semitic comments
sounds as sincere as you wishing Hillary Clinton a speedy recovery
Love to you & Melania Donald, just worried you have let Hillary get to you, build the quality builder narrative, forget her
when does crooked hillary do that? Bless you
thanks! tell David Duke I say hi.
not sure if u see these -I have a narrative that will win ur election and address this tax question
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1221909571201851&id=762592150466931 …
Spelled it wrong.......
Latinos must watch
https://mobile.twitter.com/wikileaks/status/783259936428089344 …

TRUMP2016
How Hillary Clinton helped to crush democracy in #Honduras  https://wikileaks.org/plusd 
Latinos must watch
https://mobile.twitter.com/wikileaks/status/783259936428089344 …

TRUMP 2016
How Hillary Clinton helped to crush democracy in #Honduras  https://wikileaks.org/plusd 
trump go to hell
yeah she's getting it from Billy ..
nice mr president we are together
ok they took your phone away from you this can't be Trump he is a SOB on Twitter
Ironic, given how much anti-semitism your campaign is fomenting.
I see you're catering to your one remaining Jewish supporter
to quote yourself, #wrong! An obvious (and ridiculous) attempt to look like you care about other cultures #idiot #ImWithHer
always / come act late 
Yeah right.....
better yet why did she let them die#Benghazi and why does she want Assange dead
stick to point-lambast her over all her screw ups & if moderator hounds you like Holt did make them ask her why? why?why?
and his wife Malaria make a disingenuous Jewish greeting.
When is her next plagiarized speech coming? It will be a hoot!
ask Hillary why she's complaining about you using the tax code she and her cronies made. Just a thought
I think it's time for me to settle down. How much was ur wife? Might get me one too. Thanks.
at least your frog followers say what they mean you disingenuous bastahd.
attention another bombshell surprise trump losing dropping out of race now
Melania never speaks for herself. #DeportHer
Who cares
no thank you. Hypocrite. Tax dodger.
thanks D
Trump people would rather pay his taxes for him. You can pay mine. U let FLINT SUFFER. TAX THIEF.
you are the antichrist.
@Ixthos HERE IS  THE REAL BIRTH CERTIFICATE OF BARACK HUSSAIN OBAMA,
NICE. You should begin all tweets from now on with 'Melania and I'. It'll help your numbers with the women.
Than you... let us add some music for levity. https://youtu.be/kHmYIo7bcUw 
did u congratulate Muslim on their new year?
and which sins will you repent and resolve not to propagate? @Johngcole #RoshHashanah
KEEP IT
Finally Donald trump is a winner . I believe in God .
God make a good decision Amen
you realize Rosh Hashanah is a holiday celebrated by minorities, right? #getyourprejudiciesstraight
We hate you.
YOU ROCK DONALD THESE JEALOUS IDIOTS KNOW NOTHING OF TRUTH. HILLARY IS A DEMON
porn queen will never be first lady
hitler 2.0
Let's be honest here. You don't GIVE a shit about anyone let alone Jews so take your greetings & shove em up your ass.
Youre Pepe followers don't agree with you. Just another lie. #cokeheadtrump
I don't get how you just say things.  Are you tethered to anything?  I know not reality, but not even to yourself. . ?
Yep...the only people you want counting your money...short guys with yarmulkes.
You really suck! Don't try to play up to these people when you have showed how much you hate the!
I extend my dick for you to suck it
David Duke isn't going to like this.
Aren't U worried that David Duke & the alt-right Trump base will be offended that Trump pretends to like jews?
For the first time "allegedly".
I'm sure your Pepe crowd loves you embracing the Jewish people, King Donald.
you could care less about #RoshHashanah

We reject yours and Melanomas fake greetings. Give us a break. You're not fooling anyone.
did the NeoNazis approve this tweet?
you is trying to put your money in other countries military service to kill the world
please leave us Jews alone ! Ur disgusting and will use anybody to get a head ! Oh Veah am done  donated 200 to Hillary
may you have a sweet new year
anem. ROSH HASHANAH . AMEN ♡
your ass is uge
Not an ounce of sincerity in Trumps well wishes
