she's fabulous, classy and amazing to listen to. She shouldn't have to defend over and over.
she doesn't have too.  She could be reasonable and condemn his behavior.
KGB SVR plant
Appearing naked, perhaps? She's a gem, although apparently not an actual prostitute....
Now she hangs in the WH....aaaahhhhhh
don't watch that station. Now I remember why
that bitch married to the buffoon with the tiny wiener and loud mouth?
Losing Tremendously 
Weird you hate CNN yet are promoting her interview on what you call Fake News.
I love that he feels compelled to tell everyone her name. Is he reminding us, or himself of her name? #DotardDonnie
Saw it back in October. She did not do very well.  And I did not enjoy.
You should delete your account. You are a troll. You are clearly ignorant of the threat to democracy that Clinton represents.
@___lorraine__ @CNN I have some questions Cooper should ask, Immigration papers, her College Degree and her Pimp's name.
boy we do what you to win
Hey Donald!  Is your mail order bride going to be deported if you win?  What am i saying, you are not going to win.
Oh...glad you told us her name. Since you failed to notice her last time she was standing next to you, #dotard.
.@AC360  NO THANKS!!
She says you're easily egged on to talk like a little boy!
Like being baited by a tweet.
I wouldn't give that bastard an interview after that debate what he did at debate!! Do NOT give ppl like him ratings!
She is Beautiful as well as graceful, he better show respect

All respect and best wishes. She has a hard rock to roll. Best wishes.
your never going to be president
she didn't do well.


Trump is not a Communist. He's a Natiomalist.
with you at her side, no doubt. #sexcriminal #trumpabuser #trumplies #cnn
I have no doubt that he will try to make you look bad.
the network is shit and so are the others. Bad choice Trump.
she made both of you look way worse, didn’t even know that was possible?
can't wait to see this train wreck
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
why they screw you time after time?
good luck to your ex-wife.
What is this now, 8 or 9? Oh, wait. That was his accusers. Hard to keep them straight
why in the world would we want to subject Melania to unfair, biased @andersoncooper
the interview is already on tape, of course you know how she did Just how stupid do U  think Americans are. You'll find out
@ YOU and SHE are some DUMB A holes!
she said you do everything Billy Bush tells you to do.
Someone quick!  Call Billy Bush and tell him to tell Trump to drop out and go away.
Trump take a lie detector test if the women are  lying!
Good luck Melania!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
She will be right in the middle of the Wolf mouth!!!
wait!!!I was under the impression you didn't like CNN, but your wife's on it , so it's OK? For now.
The last we heard from you is that CNN was rigged?!? 

trump campaign on issues you win on issues county needs your leadership knowledge business background campaign issues
With all due respect, who cares??
I don't expect anything but vitriol and personal attacks from @CNN during the interview. They are completely discredited.
I have no doubt she will leave you in a month
She stayed to fulfill prenup and get her citizenship. Hope she says bu-bye!!
Can @wikileaks get its hands on Cheeto Hitler's latest prenup?
I'm sure we ALL will be seeing it soon when she divorces him
#ImWithHer: An Open Letter To #Hillary Clinton, From A Dad With a Daughter: Thank You |
If only that dad cared about his daughter to warn her to stay away from a woman who destroys women.
such a lovely woman, Donald, totally unmatched by Michelle and Hillary! http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/10/twtw-election-model-update-2.html …
you put her in that position due to your behaviour. I'm sure she did not enjoy lying on your behalf.
you are putting her in the same situation as @HillaryClinton in 90s. Be proud
thanks for clarifying which wife you were talking about.
You're good. I appreciate your hustle :)
thank you.
Friendly discussion on a Trump tweet? What the? Are you guys high?
We arent the ones that protest anything we feel is unjust.nor will we threaten to leave the US because she might win...
Ugh -  there goes the media, questioning your family again. Be brave...
It was voluntary. They didn't hunt her down. Grow up.
was in no way defending him.
No worries. Thank you tho!
did she get a script from Michelle?
locker room talk? Eh trump? Wasn't like that when someone said something about melania
Donkey's ass other half.
@___lorraine__ @CNN Is Michelle going to be there or did she just email talking points?

#Webstar
Dr. Oz vs Best Diet Ever
Weight Loss Battle
https://youtu.be/uFcHTRk10EI  
drop out.
So You are in favor of a One World Government, JOB LOSS, and a crooked Leader?
I'm against Trump. He's unfit. There will never be one world. Rebuild the GOP http://www.restartgop.com 
and Hillary is Fit? She's not even physically fit.
You just swallow whatever pill Trump hands you, don't you? You don't question. Just yes,TY
and you swallow the Clintons whole like Monica.
Must watch!!!! PLEASE

tell your wife the True
Great news.
This is great stuff
I am sure she will if she talks about her porno days or how when u walked up to her u groped her.
tell the world about the film, (the enemies within" you must see it.
She was awesome! I loved when she said she has two children; you and your ten year old son.
I hope she does well, too.
sorry but don't watch Cnn. I will watch Fox & friends in the morning though.
- Polls are rigged.. UNLESS THEY FAVOR ME.

- Dismiss WaPo, NYT and CNN entirely.. UNLESS THEY FAVOR ME. @CNN
all online polls have him winning the MSM DOES NOT His rallies supersedes her by thousands everyone of them
The online polls were rigged: a lot of the votes were made by bots. @realDonaldTrump is just a poor loser.
your the bot /sheep Hillary was talking about in her emails
LOL You're just one of  @realDonaldTrump's idiot sheep, conned by a lying con-man
And you're the chump that got conned by a lying con-woman. Y'all've something in common. LOL.
She was trying to use 
Federal Law on Spousal Privilege but it doesn't apply, pitty. Poor girl must be under pressure
A beautiful job, a beautiful woman.
Thank you, no
lol she did very awful, wow
May God bless both of you and our country. Praying for a @TrumpWhiteHouse victory in November. Satan's working hard!!
you make it sound like she has been charged with something
she regurgitated what you told her to say, yep. You're just boys, you & Baron, she's got her hands full w you 2 sassy boys
great interview. she is a success in her own right..
you're a boy and you embarrassed her... she didn't win...
The Trump team gave her everything she said. Sounded just like you sex predator.

maybe she'll read from @MichelleObama script
@Donald_Trump_16 @CNN She was amazing! Can't wait to watch the full interview tomorrow!

.      Melania needs some ESL lessons. SAD.
She lied for you just as she lied about her College degree...
seriously ur wife that u have cheated on many times but it's play for play both of u are doing cos u can't satisfied her
excited to see Melania!
did she talk about working illegally as an "escort" soft porn "actress" ?
I sure feel sorry for her...you have once again humiliated her and your family. Yuck.
@akaginacaputo @CNN Thought the Media was ag youHaving her on looks like you are pimping her Sorry she did not help yr case
Here we go
egged on? You sounded perfectly on OWN. Melania is too embarrassed to say what she wants & not leaving the prenup
How bored are you? Get off Twitter and DO something
God help that poor woman!
She showed her excellent temperament, personality, intelligence&self-control -while subtly throwing DT under the bus.
your wife seems like a wonderful person! It's too bad she's so naive. #MakeAmericaGropeAgain #DumpTrump
Is she using her own words this time or no? Plagiarism isn't cool, kiddos.
If she plagiarizes some of @MichelleObama's answers to most questions then she will ace it.  #fraud #illegalfirstlady
How can she do well when CNN is part of a plan to rig the election? #Trump #Election2016
sad.
your wife copied another First Ladies speech.
Yes, your mail order bride from Russia said that little Billy made my Donny say those bad words, sad very sad.
Going from Michelle to Melania is like going from a genuine First Lady to plastic surgery botox First Lady overnight
all reporters fact-check their stories often with the people mentioned in the story.....
YOU NEED TO GO NUCLEAR ON HRC WEDNESDAY
Wait, what?? Didn't you hate @CNN , you double faced #shitgibbon?
whyyyyyyyyyyy
Oh man. You really hurt her man. You hurt every woman with what you said on video. So sad. Poor Poor Melania!
She called you a child! Get a clue. We don't need a boy in the Oval Office. America is not your toy!
you mean your current wife
Scary to think if Americans are stuck with you as President, they're stuck with her as first lady YIKES !!
Or will she stay in her golden Trump Tower and you will change first lady to first daughter ?!? LOL
What about press conference u promised on 8/9/16 2 address @MELANIATRUMP immigration status? @AC360 4got.#Debates2016
Is Melania going to file before or after you lose badly to Hillary?
I've seen your wife naked. It was awesome:) @realDonaldTrump @CNN
they have her saying your not the man she thought you was. Did she really say that?
she was lovely. You and we are very blessed.
she has to or might get deported. to think she prob lives like a slave to you. I hope she divorces u soon, to be free
Is it true that Melania is an undocumented immigrant?  Mail order?
billys fault my Donald is good man he tells me to say this or he send m back to old country

Kobe had to lay out jewelry, did you give her a resort or just a new fur?
I thought they were corrupt..?? Confused Donald..just like you bragged about Ohio poll after saying it was rigged
Has she taken your phone yet?
she forgot her immigration papers you said she was going to release to the press. The lots and lots of documents.
Awesome, I love rehearing Michele Obama's speeches.
New Melania plagiarism problem: "Ask not what Donald can do to you ..." http://tiny.cc/r353cy 
You picked up on the media game pretty quick. http://www.breitbart.com/video/2016/10/12/trump-crowd-chants-cnn-sucks/ …
I'm not going to watch. I heard Michele Obama rally the other day and I don't want to hear it again  Melania.
Yep. She did a great job at distancing herself from the trainwreck that you are becoming.
Will she say "when they go low, we go high"?@realDonaldTrump @CNN
Hope she brings her vast immigration documents with her that you promised to produce
I Missed it... Who's speech did she steal... I'll google the original transcript
Melanie said you were egged on by Bush. She also said you are an adult and make your own decisions. Which is it?
You're forcing me to watch The Propaganda Network!  Please stop referring to CNN, etc as media or news. They're not!
All she did was blame Billy Bush for things you said.
No one in that family takes any responsibility! Always someone else's fault.
I'm sure if she doesn't you'll beat the shit out of her or just grab her by the pussy
does she fucked a 12 year old with an other pedophile and you'll be in court soon?
I've heard from many different people, good people, that she is a gold digging bimbo. I promise you. So many people.
What a joke she is.
oh I would enjoy . Grab her by the p****y and move on her like a bitch.  How's that sound ? How's that feel ?
Heard the part where she said she has two boys at home.  She called you a boy.  Ha Ha She knows you for the child your are.
A 70 year old man who is referred to as acting like a boy is NOT Presidential material.
She knows that too. I am sure she doesn't want him to win the election either.She'd have new responsibilities besides shopping
Who are you cheating on her with?
You really need to announce your cabinet...Newt, Ben, Chris, etc. It would have such an impact!
... yeah, she lied almost as much as you do in an interview.
yea I hear she called you a boy she has to take care of. Children should never be president! #TrumpsABoy
+Such A Beautiful Posed Woman A Credit To The Trump Presidency!
oh joy it sounds like you cheat on her !
if not will you deport her?
She didn't do a good job of making you seem presidential. Just a small boy, easily led by a talentless taking head.
She did well
"he will never let u down" guess what Donald Sexual Predator let the US down. Get some help & register as sex ofender
Don, the wife says this sexual misconduct stuff should be handled in court.  So no more Jerry Springer stuff at debate
we don't want a teenage boy for president. You need to grow up. #MelaniaTrump #nevertrump
She can speak?
@melaniatrump is getting old..isn't it time to trade her in like u did to ur first 2 wives???
I bet you're sorry that happened.
is she going to use her own words? Or is she going to use Mrs Obama's?
Nice lady but seems to believe what ever you tell her which makes her seem to put on blinders for you gropping women!!
Trump is right again about DNC Rigging the election  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY&sns=tw … via @youtube
she barely speaks English. Although she's got some great nude photos out there. Especially the one with the other girl

We are all looking forward to seeing MORE of her!!! Did you grab her when you met her?
She didn't.  Like U, all she did was make bad excuses for U and blame the world for your failings. U are going down!
. She going to continue to quote FLOTUS?  A good phrase for her to use is "when they go low, we go high".  Perfect!
-She interviewed beautifully & eloquently. Trump Supporters are disappointed that you entertain any of accusatory Question.
melania did an awesome job I can't wait til the day comes to call u Mr President Donald J Trump!!!
