Remember the SNAKE POEM? Don't pick Romney,will bite you!

can't wait for the election to be over to never have to see or hear of you again - CANADA  DON"T WANT YOU!
#They are going to wonder where that 11% went.
Who is us ?  I thought we were all Americans and that comes first. all of us were immigrants or are descendants of immigrants
C'mon Donald your not fighting for anyone but yourself.  Stroke your ego even more.  So SAD!
Your "us" is 35%. You lose.
you were fabulous God gave u the voice u pressed in and got it done . I give God all the glory . Thank u mr.pres
Amen! We've been praying & God graciously gave Mr.Trump victory 2nite. #Pray4DJT
You better pray that t becomes a Christian first. He said to Donahue, he is "too smart not be an atheist."
why would @realDonaldTrump fight for anyone but himself, he can't even agree with his VP choice

LOL! @realDonaldTrump hasn't been one of "us" since.....forever!
We are fighting for you too!
. You were fantastic!!!!
why not fight for the Central park 5
No, you are fighting only for yourself.
I agree, the Trump Train just ran over HRC.
Trump will not fight for you he only cares about himself.  jk
fight for US. You can make it better
#UsVsThem #MAGA by dividing people instead of uniting them. Sounds *exactly* like how we built this country. O.o
@Number10gov This might be the opening you need to retake the colonies & get us back in line. #MAGA
“@TeamTrump: It’s US vs. them! @realDonaldTrump will fight for you! #BigLeagueTruth YEAH! Stick it to the man ! Old saying 4 u millennials!
Paul Ryan your days are numbered start looking for a new job. Trump Army
NO! we are one Nation under God. We are not split under trump. That's a  dangerous statement ur making& bad
change your thinking about American women
change yours. From, an AMERICAN WOMAN.
ifu continue the trash talk by trying to pit Americans against each other u have no business being a leader
Go team US
Fight harder . I am too old for 4 years of Hillary
He will also grab your pussy. #Justsayin
Keep fighting.  We're with you!
Now that the truth of corruptness is out, look in the blue state jails for our republicans especially California
official trump sex offender
gross
I'm on your@side
congratulation sir you did great the woman is a liar and I Hope everyone else on national TV saw it
everyone in my family supports you.
"LOCKER ROOM TALK"
because saying the P word is worse than her crimes? Give us a break!
the FBI said she didn't break any laws, team Trump is in need of a new deflection
COMEY, FBI DIRECTOR'S WIFE WORKS FOR CLINTON. Wake up!
more unfounded conspiracy theories

you do realize it's racist to equate minorities with "inner cities"
everything is racist, sexist + homophobic that is precisely the problem. Everyone's offended by air
Us vs them? So you were lying when you said you'd be President of all Americans, at the #debate? Figures.
. Mr Trump didn't tweet this, genius
he should control his own work then
Does your one follower agree?
@HillaryClinton More like we have to fight you when you grab us.
It isn't us vs. them, never has been...we are one country!
you got that backwards, it's us against you Donald!
so much for bringing America together.
I BELIEVE AND TRUST YOU! TRUMP FOREVER!!
Well, thats not a divisive statement at all.
You are fighting for America, not the GOP. Ryan only wants reelection. GOP has enabled the left 4 decades; true.
"Read my lips" Bush 1 raised taxes & assured Bill Clinton's victory. W invaded Iraq & assured Obama's victory.
GOP Congress stood idly by and let Obama double our debt. If they had fought like you r fighting now. If only.
Eight amnesty bills since 1986 were passed by GOP & Dem congresses and presidents 4 millions of illegal aliens
You lost me at hello. US vs them is divisive.No one can fight for you, my grandma taught me that - big league
a curious group to represent hard-working and tax paying Americans.
WOMEN DON'T BELIEVE YOU WITH HOW YOU SPOKE OF THEM.
you will win if you stay on the important topics.  Appeal to the undecided & win
So divisive.
You are the people who buy oregano thinking it's pot. Crotch grabbing boors.
Unless they're 'unattractive' then, they're on their own.
us vs them now I won't vote for you.
is this for real or just #lockerroomtalk ?
will only fight for the rich white men. Oh and sexual predators such as himself!
less "us vs them", more "we all need to work together".

.@TeamTrump @realDonaldTrump

LIES. MAN PPL ARE DUMB
@heytana Yes, that is your platform Us vs Them. Sad Fear mongering is Trumps only motivation. A sick disturbed man
With America's soldiers not himself. He's back here making sure everyone's inline and praising him.
Count me in !! #TRUMP2016
it sure is we are fight the gop sellouts as well
@OneNorwegian69 @realDonaldTrump we the people vs the Oligarchy.
come show Ga some love because Ga loves Trump!
FIRE SALE-ALL TRUMP PROPERTIES, INCLUDING THE GOLD PALACE. Your fan base can't afford to patronize ur biz. Fool
# Hi Donald CongratsOnUrVictory#HelpDisabled@realDonaldTrump

Its US vs Them!
Well, no...  It's you lose! Them wins!
keep fighting the good fight. We here in Eastern Kentucky are pulling for you
after u lose will u go quietly into the far away dark and take ur ghoulish boys plz
First time u have told the truth. It is u versus them/us.
omg you are all. Delusional
it's patriot against  racist fool
Who is "us" and who "them"? Please be specific.
@rudygiulianiGOP @realDonaldTrump Us is Us to THEM. Silly.
Us=bigots, mysogynists, xenophobes, sexists, angry people, and them is everyone else.
After the election this balony on petty character is zero. The  Voters will have to live with the policies.!!!
I don't need a clown like you to fight for me. You can't even stay on the issues no vote
@jeromelew99 Trump I just seen the E Mail letters Hillary calls the Arabs 
Sand Nigeria from Wilke leaks that's
this from a candidate that is supposed to unite his party and the country? a devoted president to every citizen?
Trump said we were a divided and yet you are posting about how "It's US vs. them!"?
prove it...i dont see u talking to average joes, only people who can help u
No, its Democracy vs you!
IT'S OVER... YOU LOSE!!
Traitor Trump will fight for himself as he always has.  He is a LOSER and will continue to be a LOSER.

Offer a Tax write-off for college to get Bernie Voters! Convince seniors you wont touch Social Security to win Hillary Voters!
Go THEM!
So much for all of us being Americans eh?
You did not show it yesterday 4 African-Americans/Mulsims. Lost opportunity. Even if you win divisiveness peak
Great debate. I hope Hillary was wearing her depends when you said you were getting a special prosecutor 
Who is us, who them? DT grew up in a mansion,got limousines to school. That makes him them.  RT if you are us!
@myvogue33_ey @realDonaldTrump
oh you mean you vs. The American Public?? That we know. What kind of mentailty is that??? 
Seige mentailty.
Clintons have sold America out to foreign donors to get rich,why isn't Americans tired of their shit??
he might fight to get in my pants but he won't fight for me
Great double entendre "US", they really r against the USA & US.
Don't give away "Your Secrets"!...  When I get in office, I'm gonna get a Special Prosecutor...
CNN is deliberately crucifying Trump to tank the election.

THANK YOU SIR!
No. It's the U.S. vs. you, and you're gonna lose. BIG. #yugeloser
No you won't.  You're a scam artist.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/10/opinion/campaign-stops/trumps-second-debate-in-brief.html …
You lost, sorry!
you alienated mostly everyone in the country so its easy to see who you are referring to by "them".
#cnn #bbc
WHO us THEM? Is it the people who disagree with you. Because that means the majority of Americans.
Historically the us vs them card was last used sucessfully by the Nazi Party.  Be more careful please
It should be all of us working together.  Turning #Americans against one another is #deplorable. #NeverTrump
hahaha he never has, never will #MAGA.  His actions show he disdains the little guy.
https://twitter.com/1alexcam/status/784688308278456322 …
The groper supporters v the rest of America!
so the actual definition of divisive
It's you alone and your Trump Train that's quickly derailing @nytimes
TRUMP 2016!!!
Better to have any answer than no answer, Mr. Trump
Wrong. Trump only fights for trump. That's what a narcissist does
http://www.newsweek.com/2016/09/23/george-w-bush-white-house-lost-22-million-emails-497373.html …
unless he gets a better deal: http://bit.ly/2cCbUPY 
No. No it's not. #StrongerTogether
US. vs Them mentality is Neanderthal logic. Good luck.
no he won't
You misspelled "Big League Lies" again.


http://huff.to/2e8i7nM 
no its fucking not.
#boycottdonaldtrump @CBSNews  @cnn @FoxNews CHILD RAPE CASE FILED AGAINST TRUMP
New Poll Gives Hillary Clinton A Double-Digit National Lead http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/new-poll-gives-hillary-clinton-a-double-digit-national-lead_us_57fbb90fe4b068ecb5e0698d …
@Al_Baldasaro @realDonaldTrump
and by u do you mean white affluent men? Cause  us black folk and buying his 
I know you will fight for us&we're fighting 4 you too! I was told I'm so far up your A** I'm a laxative! Losers!
Hahahahahahaha!!!
Trump Foreign Policy Adviser Has Ties to Brutal Lebanese Militia
You make me physically sick!Some should lock you up for sexual assault!That's what your "locker room" talk was.
fighting is okay.. I once admired Trump. He continues to ante up bitter tales
If your mission has been to divide the USA into us vs them, congratulations! You're winning that!  So sad.
Yes indeed! American People and Trump/Pence will WIN!
I wrote a book ,just typing it now. Hoping to get it out before the election. Title Clinton Land.


We will be at the rally tonight with the grandchildren holding i am a little trumpster signs. This is our 3rd .
did a a spectacular job
TEARS MR TRUMP I TOLD U WE WOULD NOT LEAVE U  WEVE NEVER HAD SUCH A CARING PRESIDENT 2 B. I WILL DONATE PAYDAY
no your not. Your tips of your toes will never walk into the Oval Office!
Trump fights for his bloated ego and doesn't give a damn about anyone else!
Latest poll Numbers
Leave out criticizing anyone but HRC.

Yes, WeThePeople realize the fact we are being taxed yet have no representation; corruption in DC stole our vote
Trump a fighting hero
Dump the traitors!
why were the two of you using stools? Why was she allowed to sit during the debate?
LOL girl, your campaign is going down like your disastrous businesses
Trump Taj Mahal closes its doors after 26 years http://ti.me/2e8nSBJ 
By US, are you referring to your mob buddies you used to do business with?
Hope you're as nice to them as the gangsters in AC.
no.. this is the problem.  You are a hate stirring monger
