We did and we’re still winning today over a year later 02/14/2018 #MAGA Now let’s get The Wall, immigration reform, and infrastructure passed
@realDonaldTrump Congrats. I admire your courage in the face of the vicious attacks on you. Pls form a team to respond to these after your inauguration so that you can push your agenda for the American people.
why do you keep whining now it's time to do the job you were hired for, cut out the bull shit and act the position
Longest time
You are the reason I am terrified of living in D.C. now even though I have lived there my whole life. Congrats.
#unfit
I will vote TRUMP always
Nationalize. Federal. Reserve.  Continue what. John Kennedy starts
Drain the swamp 
Thank u for every thing Mr. President Trump
What's it like to be the stupid goof of the world? ??
Stupid goof you're not doing a dam thing helpful or improving

Great supporters
keep up the heat on the Dems the rats will be bailing out soon  spread more cheese around this is the wire that will hang O
mm
@DebAlwaystrump
We are so proud of you and the Cabinet you are bringing in.  Thank you.
, every leader need GOD leadership. May our Lord Jesus CHRIST Be with you on this Time.
@AndrewKleopa I do not understand why a candidate that received free 24/7 coverage for over a year , now hates the media
f7ck these cry babies haters make us famous trump remember that they suck ass I cldnt vote but i support u go get em 2017
@realPresDonald only wished I could have served during your presidency. I retired USN 26 years June 2011. Proud supporter
may God bless you on your journey
Beware the dirty Clintons: they want favours. #Spiders #Pay2Play
I'm a supporter of Donald J Trump may god be in us all
They say you'll be impeached...Cat says their lapping at the wrong dish...Cat right, Cat always right #TrumpGoodGuy
@TrumpForVets This just calls for a retweet! lol
We did do it but with all these sore losers out there, i'm scared one of these crazy people might try to shoot you.
GOD bless you! I'm a Korean in South Korea!
Thank God for the victory ' amen
@JustMimi64 Mr President u are MAGA I been your supporter from the get go now just ignore the fools u will be good 
From the beginning we said you are the best choice. Also in Germany we need someone like you. Congratulations. Well done
Congratulations Mr. Trump. Since the beginning of the elections we have been watching it closely.
Da, U welcome comrade DJT. #Putinspuppet
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
love you mr. Trump and your beautiful family
you are the distorted and inaccurate media though... bigly
LIAR
You forgot to thank #Putin#Russia!  Only reason you "won" is because of Russia'sHelp! #HillaryKickedYourass! #illegitimate
U didn't know U won?? Ur BS days R over. Nobody cares about ur thin skin. Stop tooting ur horn and whining and get to work!
what cool new thing did you win now?
stop blaming the media CNN. Where is your of talking but boy?
And that is worse news than any terrorist attack on the U.S. You are the worst thing to ever happen to America. Proud?
TRUTH MUST PREVAIL
congratulations Mr. Trump, now the work begins. Many supporters will be pushing the #LockHerUp campaign in 2017. Justice!
Try to be humble and more in line with the people of the USA! Think before you speak, and be more presidential!!
already done more before he's been in office then our last president
The most distorted thing in the whole election was all of YOUR LIES
恭喜你
When they trade true journalism for rumor/gossip show then they have no integrity nor shame.
I think distorted is the biggest word you have ever used!!
The media is only inaccurate when it contradicts a TTT pronouncement. Praise is the great manipulator of the TTT.
u suck as @POTUS but I still like u. Problem is that when u leave office....pence will take this country back to middle age
Bless you massively, we pray favour, protection, blessings, open Heaven upon you, your family and whole country. #Jesus
can't wait for the media to expose your lack of judgement
just like your daddy distorted you that one dark evening...
and Russia could not be prouder of their - oops, I meant *your* "accomplishment." Could have used 3 million more supporters
u can do no wrong bet u can molest children ignorant supporters would still B on ur side probably say it was childs fault!
yea despite all your hate fueled speeches encouraging supporters 2 hate as well as the media reporting on ur pig behavior
Yes!
You are right. I told people that you won on two debates, but nobody believed. They were all poisoned by media, no brain.
THANK GOD!
Your tweets are distorted by the thin-skinned complaints. #PotemkinPresident
how truly terrifying for the entire world.
@DonaldJTrumpJr HAPPY NEW YEAR TO THE TRUMP FAMILY
no 1 else has criticized accuracy of the media as much as u..except HITLER. You think we aren't paying attention? #staywoke
You won by negative 2.8 million votes. #notmypresident
Yep your were able to manipulate enough people to win. I'll give you that. You were able to lead the sheep to slaughter
You are lying again!




we won in you, Mr President
Translation: "Thank you Russia for RIGGING the election so I could win"  I told them it was rigged and they are idiots! SAD
congrats trump
congrats
WE ALL LOVE AND TRUST YOU MR. ELECT PRESIDENT. SO YOU ARE THE BEST THING HAPPENED TO OUR COUNTRY THAT WE LOVE.

Seriously, where do they get off quoting you verbatim?
will you follow me please.
Perhaps we need to announce it again - its 12/30 and there are still quite a few cry babies in denial - lol
To hell with the media. They have made themselves irrelevant...
Go President Trump
not me
I didn't vote for you and do not support you.
yep, none of it intended for you especially from Russia with love. #notasheep
you will fight for us we will fight for you
NO DONALD.
despite the very accurate picture of the media made of you! Just goes to show how easy America is to con!
You'd be NOTHING without the media. Hypocrite.
you are a dangerous person and should be put into jail.
You may have won the election, but you will never win our hearts and minds. You have lost the people already.
well no shit. Duh
do you always have to put the dig in there GROW UP Donny
@gracemcm Trump train
all because God is on your side ! Give Him the Glory because you  so trust Him !
than you deplorables! We all will suffer for what you've done!
oh...you mean the supporters that you duked into voting for you? with all the promises and racist rhetoric?

just face it.  The "inaccurate media" just reflects & reports on all of YOUR inaccuracies
prosecute Hillary do not let her set a precedent of unpunished TREASON.
Now I can stop living in total hell.
..using a device used to keep slaveholding states from bolting. But, hey, you do you, since racism seems to be your thing.
The fact that you're a traitor and used Russia's help makes this a big joke. Clinton beat you badly with popular vote!
But you didn't win the most important thing and that's the hearts and respect of the majority ,only the minority
Thank yourself you fool .. but howlong after June 2018 will you be able to do that or beyond 20 Jan 2018
You wanted it your way & your white loving folks too. Well you're not my president & on 1/20/2017, it will not be you. LOL
you stole it and you will be impeached before you can do any more damage
You did NOT win the popular vote!
I love it!
congrats dude
#ThanksDonald for your honesty.  It's what won you the election because #America needs that.
Wrong. You and Putin rigged the election.
.   Heads up on alt-left plans for January 20, 2017  http://www.ungovernable2017.com .
I'm so ashamed to call them fellow Americans
Never has an election been won by so many lies and empty promises. You have set a new low for sleaze.
the media literally just reported what you said. #unpresidented

@DonaldJTrumpJr   No... the ae pretty accurate, dear.
are you for real?
https://youtu.be/d2s9AV910NY  
because of fake news, Putin's hacks, and 6 cabinet members who funded about a third of one of your PACs.
#VladmirPutin won and got #Putinspuppet
way to go Mr. Pres!
#notmypresident
continue to expose the crocodiles of the swamp.America is with you but better GOD is with you!
You will always be three million votes behind and hated by most people on the planet.  Resign.
Wrong! Wrong!You lost by TWO MILLION American votes!

she won the popular vote by over 2.8 million popular votes. Tell me again who the PEOPLE wanted? Narcissist much?
congratulations!!!
except for the part where you actually lost.
You're still #NotMyPresident
We stayed up all night watching. We were glued to the TV for 30-40 hours. I will never forget this election

any media not biased toward you in distorted and inaccurate?
The final vote count showed Hillary Clinton won almost 3 million more votes than Trump.
Good job, but why are you complaining about the media?
i'm not proud of you, 'cause ur so otoriter to muslim's peoples around the world, why didn't do something great!
Thank you for fighting for the forgotten people. For small business, and Large business. For the inner city's!
dam there's a lot of bushbag on hear the man is not in the office yet
stop attacking the press. we see through your tyrant tactics. . .
did u not say this was a rigged election? I agree!!
the only distortion is  HRC winning popular vote - by 3 million - and we get you.
Congratulations to you and your whole team
Distorted and inaccurate?  No one ever said you didn't win the electoral vote.  Must be those fake news sites you frequent.
triggered ?  Lol
You and your lemmings and toadies won.  But you bastardized the elections and used a foreign power to win. SHAMEFUL
Except for the 3 million more that voted for Hillary. Hardly a mandate.
Congrats! #MAGA
WE GIVE ALL THE GLORY TO GOD AND PRAY THAT GOD WILL GUIDE YOU JEALOUSLY  TO FULFIL WITHOUT  COMPROMISE WITH EVILS.
only by 29 percent of USA voted for you, just step down with dignity
