http://thelastchancecafe.blogspot.com/search?q=shitbag …
talking about #draintheswamp is the first environmental policy he has stated. Well kinda #buzzwordcampaign
i'm an environmentalists but i have chosen returning usa to the people over "liberal" silence.
No true environmentalist would ever support a man who advocates "clean" coal and denies CC,I suggest you rethink your position
claim to be an environmentalist if that makes you feel better, but clearly you are not. Dons plans are flawed and unrealistic
it's about priorities. my father didnt fight in ww2 to have our nation run by crime syndicate. we all lose. stop denial.
vote for him if think he will do things he said (he won't),but you being an environmentalist is an obvious mis truth#makesnosense
you are worshipping the devil.  deny it all you want but u need to keep an open mind. demonic worship is a human flaw.
instead you vote for a fear monger,a man who lacks the knowledge,lashes out and is a confirmed sexist and claim a morality stance?
opportunist you are.
So you support this?
so you are telling me Trump doesn't have KKK support, Trump a racist bigots,could see his deplorable supporters
Hillary tells a lie & liberals believe it like their mommy said it,
Trump tells the truth & liberals scream he is a liar about everything.
Anyone who lies this badly and continues to lie like this is a narcissistic psychopath with personality disorder.
#CrookedHillary @HillaryClinton Is World Class LIAR 
@ResistanceChics Be activeand help Please sign a https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 … #PetycjaSmolenskaDoTrumpa
And she'll say it again, knowing the DEPLORABLES know she's lying. But HER followers DON'T know the truth bc they want to be spoon fed "easy listenin" .
You said you cannot release Tax returns do to an IRS rule and it is false no such rule exists.
She DID fly into a warzone and had to move to the cockpit because of potential sniper fire.
What's your excuse for LYING?
if lying was a criteria, you wouldn't be fit to live on this planet.  U r the definition of a liar.
yawn
shocker. She lies about everything
.@realDonaldTrump 
Trump’s recent admission of Clinton’s competence:   https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/790323912290684930/video/1 …
duh. Finally stumbled upon this story eh? Lol so sad.
VOTE TRUMP! #wikileaks #podestaemails19 #packers #BRONCOS #trumpdc #warriors #charlotte #cubs #INDIANS #hillarysbullies
A liar figures, but figures lie.  12 days to go and I can make a good Trump commercial. Contact me and I'll show you how.
#you where never ready you fired dry orange .
#Black 'rejected for Trump apartments because of their race' speak out http://dailym.ai/2dWWIMm 
You draft dodger. You are the one that's unfit. You are going to be the BIGGEST LOSER in American History.
Go back to promoting your properties because the election is over.
Whatever he has left lol
I remember this well. Glad your telling the #Millennials of these things. #Benghazi #TrumpPence16 #TrumpTrain #youth #vote
One Y or N ? please. When you win, are thinking about inviting HRC along with Biden to meet behind the barn? lol
Now I am really hurt, I remember she actually apologized, something you are not capable of doing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJVobjukDdg&feature=youtu.be …
seems you
.@realDonaldTrump https://youtu.be/3KRKoBIMyXM   Trump Appeals to Authoritarian Within
what a liar
Yeah, and u dodged the draft, tax evasion, bribery, (paid AG  Bondi $25k to stop investigation into Trump U) sexual assault
@TheBeat_Boss She & Brian Williams misremember a lot.

Did you wish President @HillaryClinton a happy birthday yet? @realDonaldTrump
250 s!

Your tweet has been liked by 250 people. https://favstar.fm/t/791398818315022337 …
Did you wish President @HillaryClinton a happy birthday yet? @realDonaldTrump
You've never been close to so much as a  pea shooter #chickenShit #draftdodger #billmaher #RepublicansForHillary
RT @realDonaldTrump: Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to lea…
Trump the birther. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/17/opinion/trump-makes-his-birther-lie-worse.html …
And you are equally unfit.
you're scared of Saturday night live, how would you handle Sniper fire?
She never has nor ever will be under sniper fire. She's lucky like that. ;-|
The SEXUAL PREDATOR campaign struggles for relevance #SexualPredatorTrump
if you really did believe he did those things, you wouldn't thro that kind of talk around #fatmalcovich
You're impaired cognitively if you don't think he has assaulted multiple women using his celebrity & wealth. He is a predator.
oh, well let me know how those prosecutions go. those stories and tapes were held until just before the election. you got nada
And you said Hillary would be a great president. Remember that video where you confessed to assaulting women?
Trump used 2 kiss n worship hillary's ass GOOD when she was senator of NY...what a con-man
Wrong..she kissed his ass for $$$$.Please Wake Up!
I don't think so. He's always been the boy from Queens trying to be part of Manhattan elite.
Also that troll is half dead already..
You really need to stop watching inforwars. It's turned your brain to mush.
these INFOWAR RW'ers will surely destroy our country if allowed 2 spew HATE NON-STOP
Do Democrats spew "hate"....??
So after every single other attack has failed, you're digging up old 2008 lines: Sad!
Shows the enormous pattern of deceit by Hil-liary
nothing like the enormous pattern of deceit that Trump is selling. Has he said anything remotely truthful yet?
Mire than Hil-Liary EVERYTHING that comes out of her mouth is a lie
oh you mean Trump, right? The guy who lies in every speech, then contradicts his lies with more lies? Gotcha.
From your President's mouth.. http://m.townhall.com/tipsheet/mattvespa/2016/06/10/flashback-oh-that-time-obama-said-hillary-say-anything-and-change-nothing-n2176394 …
His landslide loss?
I have noticed all cat poeple like Hillary..Freak..
Trump is no Warrior!He's a Draft-Dodging Little Boy in a mans body!
Really, did Bill fight in any wars? And what has Hillary done for you?? I'll help NOTHING! Wake Up.
last time I checked Bill isn't running for President!
I feel its common sence,would you stay marreid to a rappist let alone justify what they did? I think that alone speaks volumes about hillary
She lies about so much it’s difficult to list them all!!! This one was like Blumenthal’s lie!!!
She has never been fit for the office of the President of the United States-whew-we missed this bullet despite the fraud, lies, corruption applied-thanking God for His intervention and President Trump
She’s got jokes
Says the guy that faked heel spurs to dodge the draft.
lol, an Oldie but a goody 
Perhaps if she had been, would have more respect for the military. Members of the Royal family and indeed Former PMs have been in the killing house, great fun you should try it sometime, maybe when you visit UK?
@HillaryClinton is past lying at this point. She is a true Sociopath. Thank God , and you Mr President, that she is not in charge.
Know what’s funny? Her lies, singing, & politics all suck equally!
Lying is just one of the mini despicable things Hillary Clinton is known to do

Rosenstein and Jeff Sessions are part of Deep State, YOU JAVE TO FIRE THEM, THOSE CRIMINALS ARE HAPPY THEY CONTROL JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
Watch branch of the military did you serve? You did serve your country, right?
YOU HAVE TO CLEAN JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, THEY WILL DO EVERYTHING TO HIT YOU, CRIMINALS ARE HAPPY NOBODY WILL DO ANYTHING


You are best leader..
Wat a nice lady trumpi
Donald, she isn't leading our countrt
Says the man who's father os part of the KKK
And what about you saying all your employees are suffering from Obamacare. Hardly any are on it. Lie or ignorance?
actually because of Obamacare employer policies have gone way up, hence fewer good jobs
Crooked H lied once in 08. She's UNFIT to be POTUS! People are telling me you need to lie at least 95% of time to be POTUS! @realDonaldTrump
You can Win this!
I believe in ya!
.@Fabiocrafteer1o Thanks! I have all the dumbest supporters, that I guarantee you! #ClownTrain
What do you call Hil-Liary supporters? Mindless lemmings that's what
it may not sound like a big deal, guys, but notice the FEMA camps!  we cannot deal with more lies in American leadership
And you've never been anywhere abroad except to visit your golf courses. So you're not fit to lead either.
Hillary made a mistake.  Trump sets/breaks a record every day for 'erring'
"Made a Mistake"
Made several highly illegal and dangerous mistakes. Trump talked about grabbing pussy and keeping immigrants out.
you're over. Donald Trump ended you.
Coming from the KING of liars, that's funny. #DumbDonald
She is the queen of liars. What did he lie about?
Seriously.  She has not told one truth since campaigning. CHECK OUT WIKI LEAKS.
She is rotten to the core.  She lies over everything.
Trump is The Lyin' King. Hear him ROAR!
Says the lying corrupt media who is full of crap.
Many lies are easy to prove- like when he denied saying Japan should have nukes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HU7e0Io94VA&feature=youtu.be&t=600 …
the media continues to twist his words. They do that to every republican running.
Trump also denied mocking the disabled reporter. Here's that in slow motion for you. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hs8yq8kaXY4 …
I've seen him wave his hands like that when he is talking many time..
That was just cover up AFTER he got caught mocking the reporter. It's called damage control.
because she was a public defender & was her job. Trump gets to pay for his lawyer for his own rape charges.
and she laughed about getting a rapist off after she made up lies about a 12 year old little girl
At least Hillary admits that she supported it. She doesn't lie like Trump.

As if this draft dodger actually had any courage.

trump is a known draft dodger. Crazy he had no surgery but plays golf fine with those bone spurs. Which foot?
Oh did Bill or Hillary serve? I must have missed that.
well Hillary is a woman, so non-draft, and Bill isn't running for president.
If that rapist was running u would vote for him. You are willing to put him back in the East Wing.
Donnie said grab em by the , not fit to lead country.
better than being a pedophile.
keep reminding people of her lies! HRC doesn't deserve to be the first female president!!
And she couldn't recall ANYTHING while under oath!!!
EXACTLY LIAR,THIEF,&MURDERER CAN'T GET WORSE THAN THAT!
she's a total liar
I'm ashamed to call her a woman.
we must remember that if it happens in her mind it must be true even tho there is video proof #hillarysvirtualreality
we have ni business being on Indian land. Please put a stop to it. Stop the  horse slaughter too!! Let them run free!
She is a pathelogical liar!
she's such a damn liar!!!!!
just another of her lying!
you're not fit to lead are country. Ur clueless
well she seen more action than a draft dodger you think!
You literally lie every time you talk.
trump is not fit to run anything let alone our country
a lyng  iwoman is like a roof crashing in and all doors locked
if Hillary wins America would become a very filthy place
if she is honest to African-Americans why does she need Michelle Obama
when your men cheat on you of all places in the White House you are a loser
Barack is campaigning for Hillary because she is severely damaged
Crooked lying Hillary

Trump is like rust. He never sleeps !
@Nynjluis What a nasty campaign you are running.  So glad when its over!
so little do you know of what is going on in he background. I've seeing history repeat itself. The truth is out
u have my VOTE
Clinton bashes you about Russia.  She was the one who approved of selling our uranium to Russia.
WRONG!  YOU are not fit to be Commander in Chief!
She'll need another 'Holiday' on Epstein's Paedophile Island with ole Billy Boy when this is all over
This coming from a draft dodger...haha!!!
who cares
Don't U have a court date for RAPING a 13 yr old coming up later this month. Plz correct me if I am WRONG
maybe the 2nd amendment folks will help with yours.... #soundfamiliar  #bulliessuck
and most definitely neither are you orange fool
watched trup rally.he was smoking ..clinton was begging for votes..vote vote think she said it 20times...
https://www.facebook.com/angelmichaelo/videos/10211458309397944/ …
Wow!!!
Also Chelsea was 1 block away during 9-11 and we have no VA crisis..Hillary is a walking LIAR..
Wrong guy to be calling someone else out on an event that occurred in the same timeframe as AH tape & sexual assaults
1/4 Greetings. Now that I have your short attention span I strongly sheets you/your campaign team/surrogates read yh
2/4 this w/extreme http://caution.You 've seem to have made a mockery of this election process  and to your benefit profited from
3/4it as well.And now it looks like it not going to get you elected so your next plan/plot/scheme is to as you have stated
4/4 ext Because if you do there are many of us who are prepared for such encounter and eoll do whatever is necessary to
@realDonaldTrump4/4 ext defend ourselves or those who are at a disadvantage to do so?That means you and your getting hurt or killed in the
process. So if you have this notion that this is the 40s/59s-60s era you ll be wise to RETHINK that notion or you'll be witnessing
massive casualties and as I've stated previously to you befor THEIR BLOOD WILL BE ON YIUR HANDS!#BELIEVE THAT!!

People have a choice. Corruption or Correction. Wikileaks is showing Clintons are the new Bonnie and Clyde. Crooked.
ONLY 2nd president in HISTORY IMPEACHED on 1 count perjury & 2 counts OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE Same game plan over and over!
@jbarnes507 she could NEVER OUTLIE YOU!!
She outlies him every time she opens her mouth. By a long shot lol.

She'll be in jail within a year from now lol.

HRC says she has fought for women -children all her life.  She mocked 12 yr old girl defending rapist. Women remember this!
she don't fit to run a cock fight
Name 3 news outlets that like you. You can even throw in some late night shows

Oh wait lmfao! Nobody likes you! I'm done 
you are not fit to lead our country or even be in it.

@IngrahamAngle @rudygiulianiGOP vting HRC.the "definition of insanity, is doing same thing over/over & exptng differ rslts"
HRC is above the law. Our judicial system is in peril. Vote Trump/Pence
For God's Sake, Man stop your lies, insults and hate.!!
is Hilary just one big persuasive liar .
And you are??? At least she's been in places, doing real work representing our country's interest.
To Hillary telling lies is like drinking water.
all that is on Trump is Money, so your on your way down
it was a lie lol hehe ur voice is funny
we support you from Canada...From The Ryder Family!!
why wasn't this on CNN I
Not fit!!

the crazy witch can't even use 2 cell phone..so u want her to run our country and u want bully bonking in the Oval Office
Donald things now seem to be going your way. Don't F it up. Watch what you say!
how would you know, you who dodged the draft, never served a day of public service and are #PutinsPuppet?
#NEWBLACKGOPORDER We will make the change!
No time to wait. Agree to unify party & ask for GOP support TODAY re bad Clinton emails/corruption.GOP leaders speak up.
Biggest liar on the face of the earth THANK GOD FOR PRESIDENT ELECT 
DONALD J. TRUMP G.T.H.  Hillary, UR DONE


yes, but pls tell us more about how you will run the country. I want to hear more positives!
Nearly every demo group thinks less favorably of Trump brand now, says CNBC survey
People need to use common sense and realize what has been face to face with them. It does not take a rocket scientist!
@DiamondandSilk Hillary should have been disqualified corrupt & crooked vote vote vote Trump economy free speech security
YOU are unfit to run a laundromat much less our country. Please just go away trump
all you have to say to all this shit about you is , I never put our national security at risk
SHE WILL LIE TO ANYTHING SHES SAY
I say, you need to bring up the idea that the electoral college system is antiquated. Voters are smarter than in 1776
HRC BS PhD
A you not fit to lead, you damn bigot.
YOU, who didn't serve in Vietnam because of bone spurs. How much did your family grease the palms of the politicians?
she isn't fit to lead a parade
you stink
So true!!! She is a liar and a crook.  No vet would ever vote for her.  GO @TRUMP
every word out of your mouth is a lie narcissistic ass.  shut the fuck up for once.
don't make America great make it amazing abolish fractional reserve banking mint America's own currency love from London
you are not fit to lead our country 
Because she told a lie? How about someone who lies every 5 minutes? Would that person be fit for office?
She and Brian Williams would make a great couple.
probably dodging gold bullion she and bill were collecting for themselves
doesn't look like a hostile environment
May God bless you Donald Trump. And may He show you favor & give you wisdom as you lead our nation back to honoring the Lord in all our ways
Brian Williams lied about Iraq and lost his job, @HillaryClinton lied about Bosnia and may be President! Really???
just voted to make America great again in the Communist enclave of Maryland
you judge others by yourself!!!
I wish someone would immediately offer an huge reward for info on the killing of the man thought to have leaked her emails.
.  If they can find the killer of the man suspected of leaking her emails, that would show the depth of the Democratic mob.
and you said you knew more than the Generals in charge screw you Trumpet
yeah so. You lie all the time. You say something and when you are called out on it you deny saying it.
@JudithVGodwin1 Kinda wish this sniper fire was real and on target
She's more than weird. She's most lying, corrupt politician ever to run for office!
2fold. They've been railroaded by corrupt media & young pple brainwashed in universities. We're almost at the point of no return.
I'm guessing HRC is working overtime to dump something on you and hope you talk about women or one of your supposed issues
