Will you please protect Americans from a "donut-hole" situation and leave ACA running until replacement is ready to go?
Even if this stipulation is in the repeal. Don't let the sick and suffering fall off a bridge due to slow DC machinations.
No insurance or no food.  Thanks Trump for choices!
lol no you won't
@DustinGiebel GOVERNING IS WORK. Thought you would hear me if I shouted.
We don't want your damn #TrumpCare! Leave #Obamacare in place. #SavetheACA
Universal Healthcare Please♡
LOL!
Thank you Mr Trump for saving our health care, which is a mess right now!
#MAGA 
@realDonaldTrump
1/ except he didn't and hasn't and won't.   You've been conned by a 12 yr old bully.  He didn't appear out of
2/2 nowhere.  Didn't any of you look at his looong history of being a frat boy level conman BEFORE you voted?
When? HAHAHA
Liar
work with Dems and moderate Republicans to fix. Make a deal, help more Americans get better health care at lower cost.
I, #DONTHECON ALONE WILL FIX IT!
Expecting your new book out soon #ArtOfTheFail
Lie
Donny don't forget your first bill to sign is to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
@KathyStricker2 HAHAHAHA #loser
yells "I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare..."
Um, no dude. YOU LOSE. BIGLY. Period. Believe me.

ask them to send you this one to sign. https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/676 …
.@realDonaldTrump So this aged well. Or not.
failure in chief
Wuh? Wait!
Aren't we on Day 63?

@realDonaldTrump 
#FullRepeal
Liar. Failure. Buffoon. #MAGA #TrumpCare
Yeah...wouldn't hold my breath on that one there #LoserInChief
@DustinGiebel BS from the FD in chief.
there has been a threat of Terror against the White House. Treason has been committed. Pls do what you promised.
Lead by example, remove Congress Healthcare plans..at 170K a year, they can afford it.
lol ye right
Without Obamacare your health will be controlled by private, for-profit companies whose bottom line is money
without Obama my 18 yr. old can't be on my policy- I have a pre existing condition, I could be cancelled.
This election isn't about @HillaryClinton It's about saving America
when Trump Ends Obamacare,America looses. 1.) At 18 kids are off parents-need own policy
No you won't.
@trump_fl  #portabity! "across state lines"
#Portability ! plans,providers can't change during yr if srs cannot, include dental, no "penalty" re drug plans
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
you don't even have a published plan...#NeverTrump
all that would do is strip the people who need it most of their insurance Comrade Trump
#Obamacare is killing people in their pockets and literally  http://dennismichaellynch.com/mother-denied-chemo-drug-told-suicide-drugs-covered-insurance/ … denied chemo = death panels
Cheapest Way  Bullshit.. Premiums You Can Not Pay Deductibles You Can Not Meet ..Fuck That
@megynkelly look
Why don't you eliminate the debts of the California National Guardsmen being imposed by the Pentagon
#ProjectVeritas
My Obamacare costs me $611 per month. I could buy a house for less.
oy
...and leave countless poor people uninsured because they cannot buy into insurance policies.
No you will not.  All you have to offer is the old tired system that will reintroduce preexisting conditions ....
You can choose to die! Or choose to go bankrupt! So many choices!
IF WE DONT HAVE TRUMP OBAMA CARE WILL BRAKE US AND HILLARY WILL MAKE IT HAPPEN
Hillary just tweeted a list of the worst things @realDonaldTrump has said. How about a list of her scandals and corruption?
takes political honesty and personal courage to come out and admit  #Obamacare is good for the people. Do the right thing
great
Yeah, I'll hold my breath!!!
How are u going to get the bill on your desk? Congress writes bills & even if it gets to your desk how do u overcome a veto
my plan in GA canceled for 2017, cost for my plan has gone from $75 to $405 for 2016
Best new yet, please please help our young adult afford insurance it breaks my heart ad a patent of 3 young adults
busted my tail and I work 40 hours in 4 days I have to pay so much more for medical benefits than my clients.
we need lower rates we can't afford to support others especially illegal immigrants
how is this reasonable
I have to pay one full paycheck for Obamacare
are you saying you will make insurance lower, my son, daughter pay 1000  month, 7000 deductible ea.With an income of 60000
I cannot say what those choices are, I keep things secret
Please go away and stay there!
All Trump supporters make at least 72,000/year. Lucky you.
Thank God, ##Obamacare is a disaster and will be a YUGE part of #ObamaLegacy
you did great in the debate last night. Wish I could have gone to fair grounds in Delaware this morning.
fantastic!!!!
you'll never be allow near the WH. Keep grabbing & groping women pussy.
Make working Americans health insurance affordable again!!
did you know Clinton was on very expensive drugged I wish we could afford it too.
there would have to ne something in place very quickly.
Wishful thinking. Why for last 40 years this has not been done?
so millions of people will be outta health insurance in a second.that sounds fun.so no doc till new insurance is found.yay
We need lower rates and more choices #TRUMP
like @POTUS made the insurance rates. Health Insurance execs exploit and gouge us for their profit. Business men like you!
Unbelievable!!!!!
Lower class free health care, upper class can afford, middle class drowning, broke and still sick. Why?
how do you expect to do that? We want to hear more than the terms "deals" and phrases like "I am the best"
@alina100_1 This should get 100% of voters!  Wth is happy with their health care plan?  Unless, you get it free!
I'm paying $583 month with $5,000 deductible!   I 'm sure to hell NOT happy!
Sad!  Can you imagine what it would be with her?  What is her plan?  She has no plan?
We keep asking how you will do this. You don't answer.  Because you HAVE no answer. Because you don't know. Leave it alone.
Slap yourself, your day dreaming.
you meant most Americans fewer choices and rich Americans lower rates.  jus sayin
Pls just leave the planet asap
how
@mach_spx #spxgovt
then WHAT is your plan?!
You'd kick 20M Americans off Healthcare on day 1, with no alternative?!? Trump Would Not Make America Great! Deplorable!!!!
please explain how rates will decrease. Ins CEOs love their multi-million $ bonuses and salaries
liar
again, complete lack of understanding of legislative process #asshat
fortunately for us it is a law and YOU can't repeal just like that.
I believe in you
Sad. What will happen to sick people while you decide how to replace Obamacare?You are playing with real lives here!!
Yes focus on all things you are going to do for  us,USA......
major health carriers to drop individual plans in TX due to Obamacare issues in 2017. Time to rid O'bomb a Care!
yup #Obamacare  sucks, still have my doc, ins company and saving $30 a week.
WRONG
you won't be president so DEAL WITH IT!
The books I sent you "► “Curse of the Zeroes” - the Book of Judgments" - in back how ObamaCare mocks John Adams!
No, what you'll do is screw up healthcare for millions,  while allowing insurance companies to make billions.
You will not win in November.
We need to win this. You are blowing it. Stay on message of important issues.
If u dont focus on the important issues and leave all the non relevant issues alone we will loose this.
Thank you Mr Trump that  "Obama care" has made my life misserable difficult to live.I am not alone why do people stay quiet
I ope so.. we are still 1.5 yrs away from medicare and obama care not answer. Preexist is problem if reintroduced.
@DiamondandSilk Please find a way to transition so people are stuck without. #NEVERHILLARY #TrumpTrain
No, you won't. Stop lying. You are a liar and thief who thinks it's charming to sexual assault.
it is already a law. can't be repealed. sorry
lol like you will be elected... Such a kidder
and toss disabled people under the bus what with the return of pre-existing conditions. Thanks!
My family's health insurance costs hv increased every year.This year my co cancelled insurance, going HSA. A disaster 4 us.
will you also be king of the world and your daughter marry the prince?
SURE you will. Get rid of Obamacare and let the insurance cos. take over again. I'm sure their donations come in handy
@arnold1son @realDonaldTrump
The media has become a monopoly that must be looked at by the FTC
you won't have to worry bout signing anything cause being president is not in your cards
sure you will dude. I work in the insurance business. Good luck LOL
such as?
OMG you really don't know Obama Care work, Madame President Hillary can explain it to you
and then something TEREFIC!
Oh no u won't.
- I thought you didn't need #Congress?
bet you dollars to doughnuts that under trumpcare, noone will ever get proper Healthcare unless they can pay outright
we need that!!!! thank you!!!
I know many happy with Obama care.  Can you guarantee your plan is better?  Of course you can't. You are a business fraud
OVER CONFIDENCE "Putting the CART B4 the HORSE," has ALWAYS PROVED 2B a MISTAKE! The #ILLUMINATI #FreeMasons changed mind!

what are details or your plan?  Or are you just prepared to say that it will be "something terrific?"
@JackPosobiec @laugee17 #amen
never gonna happen
HOW? Care 2 explain HOW? No? You can't? Oh, that's right, U don't have any policies, just BS.
OH HELL NO, YOU WILL NOT RUIN MILLIONS OF LIVES FOR YOUR STUPIDITY.
You aren't going to be president so you won't be doing anything
You've got to bring it home first!
You got my vote for that stand alone!
please do. I am a nurse & can't afford insurance. It's too expensive. If I quit my job maybe I could. Not happening!
Mr. Trump please Audit The Fed with independent auditors.
Only the President can sign a bill into Federal law. #loserTrump
how are going to do it
oh to have a pair of ruby red slippers to click to wish "There's no more Obamacare"
May I add, & there's no more #Hillary or #Obama ever again in the World? Amen!
how?
Tweeer
Ureally need2emphasize destruction of USA'sHealthcare & WAR-against-PtsDoctors on NationalTVWednesdayNight.DRsRgoldstandard

bet you don't really have a policy
how? Can we hear more about this?? Details please
Right on Brother! Let's make it happen!
and replace with what? something terrific? great answer.
lmfaooo you mean for yourself and the rich
You are a true 'Voice Of The people'
Can't do that because you will never be president.
by doing WHAT? You have made no real statement on HOW you will do anything. You can only make hateful and racist comments.
#Americans will have no insurance.

Dude! Please don't take away my health care! So grateful to finally have affordable care.
Come on man! we're all rooting for you!! get on the right track stop all the junk talk & use the intelligence you have
we support you all the way  bring them down!!!!!!
how about those with pre-existing conditions, what will you do for them?
Okaaay, you've changed my decision who to vote for.    bawhahaha JK!
, you actually don't know how  either #healthcare or #money works. So sad!
Thank you! I really don't want to have to pay for  abortions.
Hillary wins we will be paying Insurance payments and have no money for a doctor visit
