you made a few typos but dont worry i fixed them for you
CONNOR YES
.@realDonaldTrump With all due respect: #beconsistent
Just playing Devil's advocate, he's on video doing that to at least 2 other normies. Not saying it's right.
I just want people to be consistent on either side.
Exactly. This whole boycott thing is dumb. Freedom of speech, means you have to listen to the good & bad.
not when people are paying to see a show.  Not the time or place.  Take it somewhere else.
The point of theater versus cinema is that it's live and anything can happen. Thin skin. Sad!
nope.  That is not the difference. Anything can happen, but don't need an additional sideshow
Trumps whole life is an additional side show...he never apologized once
That is horrible and I cannot believe they w be rude to a nice man! That is disrespectful!
our country is falling apart because of your hateful rhetoric and your worried about a Broadway musical?  Really?! SMH 
you both are public servants, you serve us not the other way around. Your literal job is to listen to the People.
protests offend us who voted 4 change. Left shows who they are ,do not want change. Boycott those rude classless liberals.
Wrong place and wrong time.
You wouldn't know a good man if one hit you over the head.  Although that would be a very good man indeed.
that's why good ol abe got shot there suuuuper safe
Toughen up buttercup. Hate breeds hate. Sleep in the bed you made
Don't you have anything better to worry about?
.@realDonaldTrump know what else is supposed to be safe?Playgrounds, schools, parks. yet no comment on swastikas, harassment, hate attacks?
The no. of ppl rushing to defend 700+ hate crimes, harassment,etc ALL as liberal hoaxes makes me wonder why they're so eager to deny reality
Why is conspiracy more believable than racism? If the KKK endorses Trump, can u see how ppl feel emboldened to act out now he's prez elect?
Not my job to prove racism is alive/well but it's yr job as citizen to care ab this country & its ppl.Yr job to research LEGIT sources.
Verify facts from multiple, non partisan sites if unsure, dudes.
At what point do u begin to believe ppl that shit is happening?When they're forcing ppl to register?When they're lining em up at the trains?
How many hundreds videos & news reports will u write off as hoaxes just bc u read there were a few false cases? Whom are u enabling, & why?
Ps. I'm not REALLY asking u to tell me so don't bother, trolls! 
Scapegoating/shaming citizens reacting 2 your actions? Dignified and Presidential? Reminds of "I am rubber and you r glue."
so the theater is sacred space and everywhere else is bigot bingo?
you dont have any space to talk about rude when you are literally the human embodiment of it
You should apologize for ever running for president
Dial Nine Whine Whine.

fuck the theater. Trump gets North Korea warning
http://www.cnn.com/videos/tv/2016/11/23/exp-tsr-todd-trump-north-korea-warning.cnn …
ya know what's rude you troupéd fucktrumpet? Having a VP that is an anti-LGBTQ extremist. #NotMyPresident #fuckyou
You apologize for all your insults!
so there's this lil thing called the Constitution & it has something called the 1st ... http://tmi.me/1fgw8N 
how is wanting an apology against the first? Oh. So first defends everyone except trump. Gotcha.
this tweet is proof you should be impeached.

#stopbannon #AntiTrump #cnn #msnbc #obama #AuditTheVote #AMJoy #TrumpU #dems
.@realDonaldTrump you should sue them. Maybe they'll also settle out of court and sweep the whole thing under the rug. #trumpU
wow. More baseless accusations.
baseless? The attorney general said it was "straight up fraud" and they brought a legit case against him.
yes. And unless I'm mistaken, that case was settled.  Which made it a baseless accusations. If it was real...
im not sure you know what settlements are and how court works...
want him in prison? No. They just wanted money! Proving the lawsuit was greed inspired!
because when you fuck with the rich and powerful, justice doesnt really exist lmao
he wouldnt have settled though if he had nothing to hide ;)
what happens when China, Russia, Iran, and countless other countries say something you disagree with? More silly tweets?
@jimandrewsmusic @realDonaldTrump Tweeting is his only diplomacy policy. He just had to look up the word 'diplomacy.'
feel better now. you whine about Trump bashing others while you do the same
I'm confused. It's bashing to call out an ignorant bully? Both things are demonstrably true.
you're posting hate. just like you claim he is
I am saying he is ignorant. And a bully. Those are facts. I'm not calling for his imprisonment or deportation.
RT #Hamilton AMBUSHED @mike_pence when he went to enjoy the show. Selfish evil cast 

CALLING NATIONAL  #BOYCOTTHAMILTON  @realDonaldTrump
oh and ps you can't boycott something that's sold out for the next two years
Stay tuned for those tickets to be sold cheap on Craiglist. @Eliza29Alvarado
omg! A white man played by an African American???? What is this blasphemy!!!!
guess this is too then.
On substance and style, Trump may be headache for China Trump headache for USA, liar, fake fraud. President needs honesty
. @realDonaldTrump how bout you start with an apology for your divisive, racist, xenophobic rhetoric?
#thanksgivingdayclapback
She was right! Trump supporters are baskets deplorables! #ImStillWithHer #notmypresident
that's racist
I meant the deplorables comment #MAGA
funny how you people want Trump to defend or speak out against imaginary claims that haven't happened.
He's crazy as a loon! #TrumpisnotNORMAL
you have been acused by many woman for abuse, Apologize!
I’m Triggered
The White House must always be a safe and special place. #KellySadler of the White House Staff was very rude to a very good man, #JohnMcCain. Apologize!
John McCAin is not a good n honest man
Someone who supports Trump and Pence has low expectations for “good n honest.” Trump has cheated on three wives and has lied over 3,000 times since inauguration; and Pence is his number one sycophant. Come one now, Trump and Pence are not “good n honest men.”
how can anyone who claims to love democracy think Donald Trump belongs in the white house. You lost the popular vote
.@SheilaJoyce4 @realDonaldTrump 

Because we understand we're a constitutional republic. What that means and how it works.
than say you love the republic, but understand democracy lost.
.@SheilaJoyce4 @realDonaldTrump 

50 states + D.C. each held votes. 

A president was elected. 

Our democratic republic worked just fine.
democracy is one person one vote.
.@SheilaJoyce4 @realDonaldTrump 

We're not and have never been a pure democracy. 

Did you sleep through civics in school?
no, I know the system, it was set up by men who didn't trust the average citizen.
at the time it made sense.  The average man was illiterate and didn't know what was going on in the world.
APOLOGIZE FOR ASKING YOUR ADMINISTRATION TO RESPECT AND CONSIDER ALL AMERICANS???  I COULDN'T IMAGINE A BETTER OPPORTUNITY.
has he not yet? he hasn't even taken oath and you're judging his presidency
why are you full of hate?
What self respecting woman would want to have your children???
lol...if I don't agree with your hate and stupid logic. then attack me. hypocrite
Why do you feel attacked???
Do u ever stop bitching  
A safe and social place? Pence should be grateful they were only rude to him. Lincoln got assassinated...
@realDonaldTrump
you think Mike a had ad night at the theater.  Ask Abe how his was.
Theater is a place of negotiating communal issues since antiquity. But where would you know from?
the cast did nothing wrong. Do you even know what facts are? The AUDIENCE booed him. The cast said thoughtful things. #sad

really they were not rude you however say rude and unnecessary things and never apologize . Also Hamilton is awesome .
Pence’s small-mindedness is insulting to our country on a daily basis. He doesn’t deserve an ounce of respect on any level.
@POTUS How can this be Legal? http://youtu.be/PcAjYvjI9WQ  #MAGA #AmericaFirst #BuildTheWall #Followthewhiterabbit #POTUS #DrainTheSwamp #Qanon #Merica #AllLivesMatter #MAGA #8chan #Midterms2018 #Wikileaks #marijuana #Cannabis #DrainTheSwamp  #WeThePeople #Drive #NationalBeerDay #BEER
A very good man according to who? Putin?
Please please don't support their childish #safespacehahaha ideas!! #Saynotosafespaceforadults #you'reMYpresident
The White House is supposed to be our highest Moral ground in government. Your staffer followed your suit and felt emboldened enough to mock a TRUE hero....Apologize!
isn't that the pot calling the kettle black. Oh & I thought you were against #safespaces? Cast expressed legit concerns
Thats what happens when you have a VP who wants funerals 4 miscarriages & thinks God has a place in gov. #DarkAges
AMERICA must be a safe place! Why not use this as a perfect opportunity to reassure Americans instead of doing- this?
wait who has been unsafe and where?
Read again, I said assure people that they ARE safe& they won't be doing things like shocktreating gays to help Jesus cure them.
the whole thing is a pathetic joke
I just don't understand why DT would not use this to promote some much-needed positivity. What is he trying to accomplish here?
you don't see it? Sending Pence to broadway is like sending the pope to Mecca. It was a troll job and everyone has swallowed it
distracts from that while 25 mill fraud situation
So many people genuinely don't care about that, they really and truly don't.
Dionysus is the Greek God of festivities, wine, sex, and theatre. Theatre is the highest form of freedom of speech 2/?
Don't demand something that you have no intention of ever doing yourself.  You're not a freaking Emperor.
it's called Freedom of Speech. I guess now you will try to take that away too #NotMyPresident #NeverWillBe
And the podium of a politician should be a safe & special place. Apologize!
As if you even know or care what good means.
Tell it to Lincoln.
FU
Um, did you catch what your staffer said about @SenJohnMcCain ? The cast member from Hamilton was polite and eloquent Apologize now!
my 17 year old whose father served 25 plus years @usairforce for ALL our freedoms including SPEECH understands this.
Conservatives out give Liberals, especially to charities that support the troops.
we don't know because we don't ask
"The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!"
- May 2018 Update - TUNE IN!
Ha ha ha Mike Pence knows your going to prison so his working quietly behind your back, stealthily, remember that suggestion he made and it all fell back on you.  Don’t Worry #45 he has got your back.... in his sights
What about the Alt Right and their Neo- Nazi hail Trump celebration? What are you tweeting about that
US citizens exercised free speech, the foundation & purpose of theatre. Please apologize for demanding an apology.
Really Donald.....by one who never apologizes?
maybe YOU should apologize on behalf of the freaking white supremacists abusing minorities on the streets
no apologies for free speech
your America is not a safe place but thankfully the theatre still is.
So much for FREE speech...
Theatre IS safe&special & political by nature;an historical platform for freedom of speech.Speaker honored 1st Amend't.
- continue to live in your rich white bubble...theater is the purview of THE PEOPLE. NOT YOUR PROPAGANDA #youembarrassus
Hamilton cast - very impressed with themselves !   Whatever !  reverse racists one and all  !!!   FACT
#TheMoreYouKnow
Donald Trump, the small cowardly man too weak to apologize for anything is demanding one for Pence. Wow!

Thought you didn't believe in "safe spaces."  #Resist
coming very close to the future president threatening the people, suck it up act presidential
HYPOCRITE.....among many, many other things
Stand down, FAKE. You are #NotMyPresident!
didn't know electrocuting the gay out of people constitutes a good man, but either way, they seemed respectful
You are kidding right?
Wow, this aged well.  HUMMM be nice to people #BeBest  So are schools, buildings and our homes but you do this to us every day.
.@realDonaldTrump I thought you considered safe spaces a Liberal thing.  A 5 yr old is more grown up than you, sir. Stop whining & grow up.
America should be a safe and special place...not for long with you as president!! Swings and roundabouts ya tool
"Hey Al-Baghdadi, I hear your Boyband is overrated and you've been rude to us, Apologize!"

Trump's twitter war against ISIS
elitist much? Ppl think their homes s/b safe & special.  You're worrying about the theatre?  Get to work
?? they were literally the most polite they could possibly be considering that they're actually afraid for their future
Mike Pence wants to electrocute people because they are not straight. Apologize!
Poor little trumpy.
A very good man? Nope.
YOU FIRST !!!!! America will wait
Your staff was very cruel to a very great man, John McCain. Apologize!

Tell Lincoln how safe a theater  is.
Don't worry Donny, it was just dressing-room talk hahahhahahah ass clown!!
THEN: Trump was quick to demand a public apology from the cast of a Broadway play for addressing Mike Pence about American values.
NOW: Trump’s White House is incapable of issuing a public apology for a cruel remark about a national hero confronting brain cancer.
#BeBestHypocrite
Well this didn't age very well did it how about you apologize for your staffer for making such a horrid comment about a hero whose in the last phases of his life apologize!
NO!
It's simple, Little Donny Trump is an ass.
You are often at fault, but never apologize. The cast of Hamilton was expressing hope of an administration that would treat all Americans equally, protect the planet, protect our children etc. Unfortunately your administration does none of those things. You need to apologize.
Brava to the cast of Hamilton! Brava!
F U C K   Y O U
LIAR.
The majority of this country does not care much for you. Surely you see that, right?
APOLOGIZE!
What a #Swampflake
Make us, we dare you, you piece of monkey spunk!
The theatre is a place of challenge - a place where we can change - it's not a creche for insecure politicians
The aversion doesn't work on me. I still remember you settled a FRAUD lawsuit and appointed more racists to your cabinet @realDonaldTrump
or how about the fact that Bannon runs an "alt right" aka white supremacist "news" outlet?
here ya go friend.
lmfao. Okay. Every other news outlet and historical article is incorrect too, I guess. #blindeyetofacts
Freedom of speech: the right to articulate one's opinions/ideas w/out fear of govt retaliation/censorship/societal sanction
"the heater a safe place" really! Just ask Lincoln! #bigdouche #mr.garrison #usedcarsalesman
wait goo- good man? Pence? Lay off the pills dude
as long as the theater limits itself ... it is no wonder that the elite abandon it #antoninartaud #thetheaterofcruelty
FIRE KELLY SADLER!
They didn't seem rude to me, especially considering what an awful human they were addressing.
What. A. Snowflake. Apologized to McCain yet?
tell that to Abraham Lincoln's assassinator
Bullying  a hero with deadly cancer.
Whats Malania say about that...
That's you being your best bully?
Abraham Lincoln: "What the hell dude?"
You first.
The theater is a safe a special place, thats why it was so offensive when a tyrant and his monkey walked in.
Apologize to McCain     Apologize to America. Apologize to your son Barron for having a lunatic as a dad.  Apologize to the family’s of the Palestinian children you killed yesterday’s.  Apologize for breathing. And then resign or die. Thanks.
Change the headlines! Hillary emails were unlawful and corrupt...doesn't matter who exposed it!!! #takebacktheheadlines
Hahaha! Not gonna happen douchebag
Geez. You are gonna be a president of the USA so Grow a pair pls. This should not make you scream like a butthurt child...
so does mocking the disabled in public,hypocritical orange headed buffoon. What about the nazis who elected you saluting?
the US should always be a safe place and with you at the helm we are all in harms way
yup rude
Nobody has to apologize to you!  U don’t demand an apology clown 
how tf in any way was your Mr. Pence not safe in the theater
we will make America great again."Stop you need to apologise the theatre kids said mean words "
I hope the show closes from lack of viewers and that young man learns a lesson on manners and respect.
#whoneedsasafespacenow #specialsnowflakes @realDonaldTrump
you should apologize for being born.
yeah a man who believes he can shock the gay out of people
safe and special?  Tell that to Lincoln!
LOL no
Shut up
What would u know about the Theatre?  U r an uncivilized bofoon.
This happened BEFORE u were elected.  Why tweet now? Diverting recent issue and agenda once again?

“@jleefilm: 4 every racist comment I get about Trayvon Im going 2 turn 1 white married suburban housewife & mother n2 a jump off” The. Best.
Pence's nose up your backside will turn into
A knife as soon he see's the opportunity !
Theatre luvvies acting rude? They're scared about not getting their arts grants funding anymore. Thats all they care about.
BS lock his FAKE ass up also
yes I agree that was disrespectful and rude!!that was the time or place for that!!
tell that to Mrs Lincoln.
so Grateful and Proud you were in SC #MAGA  Prayers Strength Tenacity Pride USA! Thank You!
you may want to give Pence his pacifier if he's still crying?
You and your entire administration is RUDE, insensitive, EVIL, liars! You must be out of your “3rd grade” mind if you think they are going to apologize for speaking “The Truth”!!! Move to North Korea where you can live happily terrorizing and dictatorship! What a dotard!
But what about the nazis that commit violence in your name? Do you condone or condemn?
A man's deathbed is a sacred and special place. One of your senior staffers was very rude the other day making a joke at the expense of a dying man, John McCain. Apologize publicly!

x  
g9
Make these lazy sniveling bloodsuckers all accountable especially these white privileged Bernie hypocrites c'mon now
fuck mike pence too.
How IS it you won?! I'm thinking the electoral colleges got big $$ for that #itsalargelyriggedsystem
Permanent 'Safe Spaces' violate 1A peaceful assembly; they permanently restrict free speech where public speech is a right.
SUYFB
Up yours, Trump & Pence .
it has nothing to do with Pence; it's the fact that he is with you.
@odalys4depp I agree! No one goes to a theatrical event to be preached! But liberals need to feel communism @ core to learn
@parshalltalk An apology that's demanded is never sincere. Smack their hand n move on.

he is a graceful man.   Handled it wonderfully!  They are still young.  Took advantage of having the VP in front of them.
Bite me....rude you're the poster boy, for being rude. Like you can talk.... Go,
 back to 9th grade and be a bully there.
not when Lincoln was there.

You apologize to everyone you have offended. Fucken hypocrite! #@$$hole
You will never get a Nobel Peace prize! An indictment from Robert Mueller is the prize you'll receive!
Is there another Mike Pence? Because the one working with you is almost as horrible as you.
@ Abraham Lincoln
Quit. You have no self respect. weak. history will not be good to you.
what do you do when your president speaks
omg the Hamilton cast weren't rude to mike pence don't rant about it
The only reason pence is vice president, because Trump wanted a VP that America hates more than him lol 
