NO UR THE PUPPET
really good comeback buddy!!! Ur really smart! Bet ur a crooked corrupt supporter huh!!!!
Puke!!!!
Actually it was the stupid, childish comeback of your Orange Jesus as he was losing the debate ;)
now that shit is funny!!!!! Clearly little Jeff, ur not so bright!!! TRUMP won by a landslide!!!!
You've got the equivalent of beer goggles, except yours make cry baby trump look good. You're embarrassing yourself. He lost bad
do urself a big favor little Jeff...Quit watching Clinton news network!!!Do some research!Ur def the one lookin stupid!I'm done!
You're done because your racist rapist candidate is done. Glad you get your news from FAUX NOISE and the Internet. Pathetic, sad
No little Jeff... I'm finished cause i don't really like wasting my time on uneducated ignorant losers like you!! But...Just for

and how did they get that rich without a business nor a product to sell. Oh that's right Clinton foundation.
Skills, Bill was impeached, lied to congress. Hillary Really has had no accomplishment except killing Lybians
I'm ignorant, really? I read all sources of info & don't watch the idiot box.
yes but only for idiots. I choose my information it's not chosen for me.
You still smarting from her calling you Putin's puppet?  Poor baby!  You've gone from winning to whining!  HAHAHAHAHAHA!!
Here's a list of Hillary's convictions:
honey... U wanna talk about childish... Ur Twitter name is really sweet.... Grow the hell up or get off Twitter
"Crooked Hillary"??? How many Goldman Sachs people have you nominated now???
well we can see by this example that the education system has failed.Lucky Trump will fix he loves you anyway
@trump2021 RIP...Obama....we will not remember
Passing the overhaul of Dodd-Frank will only prove that YOU are the Wall Street tool. Veto it or be #TrumpLies
And you Sir are a puppet of the Democrats
Pls tell me who the puppet is now? Wall street is not only in your cabinet but you have been in bed with them a long time!
Lol Hillary told 45 that he was Putin’s puppet in debate. Pissed him off too.
Trump fills cabinet with Wall Street elites!
You're Putin's puppet.
after won everything is ok
. You are a joke. You appoint incompetent ppl to run MY govt. I can't imagine you in sit room. In 10 mins you'd fold. Phony
is the Master of deceit and projection. Wait till your cult followers realize what they did and turn their anger on you.
"just stop it"
but now that's all you have surrounding you Donnie and your going to be there gifly puppet  of them all. smh we are doomed
She better not win, Donald. God help us
what she's lies so much !!!
Donald Trump for change
people are crazy if they're going to vote for Hillary Clinton we don't need status quo
literally stop making fun of other people when you look like a orange wtf
Where is the last ace under the sleeve! Go Trump
Next time someone mentions anything to you about your tapes plse tell them Hillary's SAID/DONE WORSE to Americans! Deflect!
WillOfWTP FlatlyIgnord byHC w/oConsent,4Pd&Wrkng4 WallSt HidnEliteRulingClass=WSt+|http://po.st/JnfOfs  FIGHTorSurrnder?
aw you can't make up your own insults. #puppet
you're at the puppet of the devil, spawn of KKK
a puppet for turd term willy, CEO did that to a intern company would never let him back, not even by wife
This had 35K likes earlier.  #Twitter keeps altering the likes and retweets
Trump is a puppet of Putin!!! The adversary of USA...!!! TRAITOR..!!

she meant, cut me out, of this pantsuit.
says Putin's puppet .... Hmmmm! Who shall I trust?
a puppet leading her blind sheep
ya baby I'm focusing on owe no
perfect
refuse to talk about the women. Tell he American people we have much more important issues to talk about! Go Trump!
@JuanGab29782989  SHE GETS THE US PRESIDENCY ALL OF STATES ARE BANKRUPTCY SOON. WE STOPPED HER. WE'LL VOTE TRUMP/PENCE NOV8
at least, Wall street is American..
@RichardTBurnett Look at the CrookedOne's top donating sector....Wall Street. #DrainTheSwamp
Hang in Donald! They're throwing all the lies & tricks they got BUT We the People got your back! We know u can help USA!!!!
Trump 2016. I can't wait
@RichardTBurnett when she accuses you, she is reflective upon herself
@RichardTBurnett The cartoon face is GREAT LOL
Strings attached.
@donnabrazile resign.
so rude
em!
FACT!!! We need to #DrainTheSwamp and #LockHerUp  #TrumpTrain #TrumpPence16 #GettysburgAddress 

Wall Street and Soros puppet.
childish ditzy don.  Hilary claims your a puppet and you say, I know you are but what am I?
@RichardTBurnett and rothschilds
your nasty  plan is a little bit  too  late
You are a PUPPET of puttin
children call names.  You are a big child. Who will never be president.

but u are pupate of Putin --very very bad dude
# She looks like a Muppet Puppet
you literally do nothing except call people names and make hateful comments and wonder why no one likes you ok thanks bye
you're the puppet
what she meant by CUT IT OUT was cut out my share and post it to my offshore account
@dawnellemurray I hate that Killary is a puppet. I hate puppets. I see a puppet play when I was 10 and I HATE it. Fuck pupp

@MicahTanous
@MrTylerBlox trump is nothing more than a Putin puppet.
So original!
Don't say nothing about woman's please take a break please
yes she is
you're a #putinpuppet
@ThePurpleDevil9 no "You're a puppet!"

Hahaha i told her good. Im a good teller, im the best teller. Im THE TRUMP
She said "Wall Street,  Cut it out!" Job done...moving on! She should try that tactic with ISIS...
Ppl, who were hurt during Chicago r.shd sue Hillary & her ppl
No, you're the puppet! Lol
If Hillary Wins....I am moving to London
WE KNOW HILLARY IS THE PUPPET! http://NoYoureThePuppet.org  #DrainTheSwamp #HillaryForPrison2016
Everything she has done in career led Her to this! Everything rehearsed, nothing real, just same old BS heard 8 yes ago! FU
She is also Obama's PUPPET.
wow, never saw a speaker getting boo after boo at the Al Smith dinner like Trump.  What a fool.
have fun with the South Park lawsuit for stealing their likenesses

#DrainTheSwamp
better Wall Street than Putin
CHOKING in Las Vegas
How does if feel to have Putin's hand in YOUR boxers?  #grabhiminthe....
she is crooked puppet
She is a lying ' sack of crap
wow, stop disrespecting women!
Have you ever herd of respect
You are such a BIG BABY

whine whine whine

maybe your bimbette of a wife can blow you to take some of your frustrations out
this makes me sick
Donald having a meltdown again
yes
that logic makes you what your next president Hillary Clinton called you A Putin/Russian PUPPET. YOU'RE PISSED, THIN SKIN!
@stick8655 
Soros puppet
Господи, как Вы не дооцениваете и скрываете роль королевы Англии...@realDonaldTrump 
А ведь именно она не соломенка....

This is very flattering for double ugly crooked Hillary
President Obama agreed with you in 2008 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVS8-1KwS2c …
more like George soros puppet
Mr Trump, you have just insulted Puppets everywhere. Now please apologize! Lol
Hillary is a lying cheating no good BITCH..She is a waste of oxygen... And should be PUT DOWN like a DOG that she is
for second I thought that was a South Park clip lol
Trump 2016!
true
get crooked Hiliary with her lies! What democrats don't like the truth?
better that Trumpy than you being a Russian PUPPET !
#FightingTheGoodFight #ThursdayThought
Crooked Hillary is the Wall Street and special interest and Donor puppet! #FemalePinocchio
Tamper tantrum from  Putin puppet and a TOTAL loser. SAD!
#Debate
Holy shit are they making puppets of each other now
@HillaryClinton
Big league? Lmfao. You have the vocabulary of a 7 year old.
@hilLary_CLintin https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=R6RT8Tm_MxU …
@purplemeatballs best on yet love the trump #1

Boycott that communists Glen Beck I heard his traitor voice today.talking about Trumps ex friend.I used 2 like Beck not now
She is a communist w Communists countries pulling her strings.The only puppet on that stage last nite didnt wear r USA flag
You lost a good friend in 9-11 yet you support the puppet of the people most responsible for it??? SMDH
#howdopeoplebelieveher
TRUMP 2016 You got this man !!!!!
you think all women are puppets. That is why you are always trying to shove your hand inside them
Sore loser!
Hillary Treats America like ISIS Treats Gays... #Trump2016 #IAmNotWithHillary
thanks for reminding everyone of your /brilliant/ comeback.
u r such a nasty man release your tax returns what r u hiding?
so true
geez Donald how much of a baby can you b.  Aww feel bad for me because she called me a puppet, I'll get her.
She Looks like a bobblehead doll
SAD YOU ACTUALLY THINK CALLING PEOPLE YOUR PET NAMES,MAKES YOU MORE OF A MAN. A MAJOR CLUE:IT DOESN'T !
bring up all the wiki leaks stuff!! This is great!!!
VOTE FOR TRUMP & keep your GUNS, Trump wants to stop drugs, build wall. Stop Terrorists, crime, and KEEP us SAFE !
AMERICA ...whats wrong with that? hillary will take your guns and let terrorists in this nation and drugs from Mexico too
Hey Donny is your wife from America I wonder if u will ship her ass back behind the wall.....mmmmm...:)
Get a HRC with two faces. That would describe her best as two-faced.
TrumpNOyouare #putin'spuppet!
And you are Putin's puppet. So what?
smfh..your not a puppet your a f*** stick....
Desperate...
ewe...i hate her voice!

Puppet Hilary.Puppet Hilary.For sure she's a puppet.Obama to.
I agree totally
Ha ha.
Projecting again!  LOL!  So incredibly childish!
lock her Up!
Woman accuses Trump of touching her breast outside U.S. Open in 1998
your nothing more than a perverted looking ass pumpkin and or carrot. shut up ompa loofa 
Election 2016 Collectable
Hilary vs Trump
Check this out

http://www.ebay.com/itm/332004254309 …
Put a tom cat in a cage with a lioness and tom cat may put up a good fight but lioness is most likely to win, no?
oh good South Park is on!
This is childish. Try acting like an adult for once! What a man-child you are. SAD!

Yes the Clintons are in bed with Russia! Uranian Deal anyone remember !!
Thank you for working so hard. Bless you. Stay focused on the issues.  MAGA.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6z_m9twHoDE …
says the Russian puppet. Tell us Trump, how are you gunna be impartial when you owe Russia and China millions?
you are the Puppet ignorant man. Saturday Night Live is going to be so funny again mocking you fool. Lol. Hillary 2016!
she has been a poppet for 30 years
@JaredWyand so true!!
haha. I'm not a puppet. You are!  Grow up @realDonaldTrump
