please drop out.

your a foolish sheep
organised? that's not even American English. please try better to convince us you know English.
..you're not convinced the English know English?? 'organised' is perfectly acceptable, know-nothing!
in London.
nice try
no!!! You fucking idiot!! Nooooooo fuck off
I wish he was. I'll be laughing in yall's faces when he fucks y'all up
YOU'RE CALLING A MAN THAT HAS HAIR THAT LOOKS LIKE CORN A LEGEND!?!?!
you and your deplorables have brought about a new age of anti-Semitism & xenophobia. You insult him
People who are voting Trump because of the Supreme Court are essentially saying they'd rather see the world explode than two dudes kissing
dude, his daughter is jewish and so are his grandkids. What are you talking about? pepe?
T son in laws family forbade T to use their name in any shape or form to promote himself.
yeah and all that means is that they don't want to be involved in politics. its understandable.
I think it goes a little deeper then that, and rightfully so. Most Jews fear T!
why? what policy is gonna effect the jews negatively?
I am surprised you would ask this. The Jews voted for a man like this once and paid with their lives.
did you just invoke Godwin's law?
do you even know who he is?
Shalom from Rosie and I!
DOES SHE KNOW WHO HE WAS? LETS SEE THE TAX RETURNS
name just one thing Shimon Peres is responsible for? You & plagiarist Melania have no idea why this awesome man is honored.
Melania said "who is that?"
screw Melania
Nude model wife with massive plastic surgery and botox trues hard to look sad....and fails.
Look up "Slovene Jews" for some really horrible treatment by the loathsome Slovene Nazis. Barr them from my America.
Again, a fine example of a Presidential tweet. Fewer personal attacks. More policy pronouncements.
how long did it take you to have someone else write this to make you look like you care?
His "condolences" are as insincere as he is
i love you trump
uhm...
..Peres supported Ariel Sharon, butcher of Sabra & Shatila, & many other atrocities!
Shimon Peres' family asks who u r & why u'd make a public display of sharing ur condolences. You assume you matter
How is that Press conference with Melania coming along?
..double dealers, Israel Lobby owns killer Clinton! stay away Trump, don't fall to them!
Hillary will win
..then the world will lose! Hillary = war!
havent seen mslinea lately. have you deported that illegal alien already? youre probly cheating in her right now... again
May he rest in peace knowing that 'next year in Jerusalem' came to pass for all mankind to see.
It took you 14 hours to acknowledge his death. You were grandstanding about fictitious poll wins instead. #TrumpIsUnfit
how dare you take this video and turn it into something it's not? Those celebrities are smart, unlike you obvi
Yes. Same here. I send my kindest regards to Mr. Peres' family.
stealing another line from the O'bama's!  Smart!

RIGHT, YES!!
Did someone tell you and your spouse who he was?
Melania has no idea who Shimon Peres is.
We just don't win anymore. And you're just the guy to change that. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
i hope trump stays humble & pays tribute to the greats like washington, jefferson, lincoln, coolidge, reagan #publicservant
You probably had no idea who he was before yesterday.
..he was a PM & president of an apartheid, Occupation, aggressor state!
come to Wisc....we Love Donald
When Trump met Melania, she was so poor she had no clothes to wear.
Very Presidential.
..oo lesbian
..please extend condolences to all families of victims of Peres & other Israeli pol's aggression & Occupation! "the Other"
Had to look at your timeline to realize you think this is a good thing. Fucking psycho! Truly deplorable.
..two apartheid state - no surprise!
Hillary will make a better president than you
..for the imperialists! Hillary = war!
So while POTUS & President Clinton are at Shimon Peres' funeral, you're tweeting more negativity about Alicia Machado
WHY HAVENT MELANIA BEEN CAMPAINING FOR YOU? WHEN WILL THE PRESS BE ABLE TO ASK HER STUFF? LIKE WHERES HER WORK VISA?
OH PLEASE MELANIA WONT EVEN BE SEEN WITH YOU AND WHERES HER WORK VISA? HER COLLEGE DEGREE? WHERES YOUR TAXES?

Melania? Are u fucking kidding me? She told me you had to explain to her who he was!
when's Melanie's press conference? Still waiting...
How is Melania taking your bashing Miss Universe? You must have put on 60-70 pounds since you married. Is that grounds?
SHOW THE REAL, HARDWORKING AMERICANS IF YOU HAVE PAID TAXES
BILL&HILLARY GOING TO THE FUNERAL. OBAMA SPEAKING. HE SHOULD BE ASHAMED. NO FRIEND OF ISREAL. CLINTONS
THERE FOR A SHOW.
do u know who he is?
like Trump really cares about anybody but himself
you don't even know who that is. #imwither #HillaryWon
does your wife even know who he is??
let melania of condolences to see who is the copy ahahaha #DumbassTrump #hotmelania
And to Mcgyver?  Where is Mcgyver to write the eulogy?
@realDonaldTrump
You wouldn't have liked him. He actually argued against bombing Iran.
you didn't know him
Speaking of Melania is she ever going to come out from hiding so much to campaign?  Are you ashamed of her?
where is you 3rd or 4th wife these days?
I believe you were invited... no? So sorry baby.
No you don't.
Shouldn't Melania wait til Michelle Obama tweets her condolence so she can copy and paste?
Poor Melania. Time to cut and run before poor Baron turns into another soulless clone of his,sperm donor
He would have thought you were disgusting. You shouldn't even mention his name!
yeah, sure you do. Everyone knows all you care about is yourself. Why is all Drumpf brand items made out of America?

you are so full of it
you have no idea who he was and what he meant. Your campaign tweets are shallow and meaningless.
had never even heard of #ShimonPeres before now. SAD!
https://youtu.be/eLupeD3PRwU 
you have no idea who he is do you?
why wouldn't you rent an apartment to a black Vietnam veteran? #racistTrump #TrumpedUpRacism
Not sure you have the capacity to have feelings for others much less strangers!
Bet you had to google who that was.  Do you know who Israel is to the United States, or do you want to bomb them too?
there is no way that Donald actually wrote that condolence message.
Wait. Is Melania really extending her deepest condolences or is this plagiarized too? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcbiGsDMmCM …

Hey when is Melania going to have her press conference? #illegal

I'm surprised you didn't make another birther blunder saying something about Peres being born in Poland!
Common man, for sure you have NO idea who mr Peres was. Don´t insult his memory.
@MELANIATRUMP why is melania hiding?I heard campaign scared they will find out truth about escort service U bought her from
He hated you and he would be disgusted by your opportunism, displayed even at his death. #ShimonPeres
I frankly DONT
who was the grey haired man with stage podium documents
you don't care about anyone or anything but yourself! #GetOverYourself
alt-reich aint gonna be happy, Donald.
Oh..you have a wife?  I guess you bring her out of the closet when it suits you.
Melania doesn't know him and she can't speak English. I feel sorry for her to put up with pig Don.
When asked what he thought of Donald Trump, Peres said simply: “I don’t think there is much to think about him.”
oh, so you guys are still together? She never shows up on campaign like ALL the other spouses. Stamina? #WhereisMelania
and we give our condolences that you lost debate big big time---stop trying to brainwash people like the catholic church
#because he not a muslim. You have no deep feelings for anyone but yourself.
 Shalom my Friends 
I also pray for the people involved in the train wreck.   Should we believe this is A TERRORIST attack?
Does @MELANIATRUMP even know who he is?
No, Melania, he was not an original member of Menudo.
FAKE, FAKE. Since when did u include the lost wife @MELANIATRUMP in your twts? Fake SOB
He was a great patriot for Israel, & great man. We must never give up OUR SUPPORT for ISRAEL.
Your condolences are felt by the person who notices it.   I believe you as much as my college recruiter...
Melania who? Where is she? I thought she left? Heard she's vacationing in CUBA.
Donald Trump is racist towards Jews and Melania probably doesn't recognize the name.
This isn't the real Donald Trump, this is @KellyannePolls !
your wife is beautiful!
is your wife actually alive we don't ever see her she don't want to be the first lady can't shut the Sun and Sand up there
but you weren't invited don't even know you and you probably hated you
What is peace?
sure ya do....bozo!
@EricTrump @TeamTrump @KellyannePolls Wonder how they got Comey to go along with this debauchery?
your so fake trump

did obozo???? Right
What did you do to him Apricot Hell Beast???  #TrumpSoftballs
do u even know who Shimon Peres was?
I thought your family was all about warming up the gas chambers...
UH HUH, U PANDERING LYIN RACIST HYPOCRITE #nevertrump SHOW INCOME TAXES
Do you even know who he was? Do your supporters!!
This just gets better and better. First Russia now Cuba. Trump is dirty from the floor up.
Looking for all you Trump supporters out there!!! Lets #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN vote #TRUMP2016 
https://www.facebook.com/groups/508373062658237/ …
He probably didn't even know who you are...  #orangemenace #Drumpf #orangenit
you need psychological help.  I think you are a coward and you are the worst, very worst, bigly worst..YOU ARE DEMONIC.
@kellymin84 Nobody cares. Your condolences are insincere and self serving.
thats a link that gives you money, yo dude that's a low blow to the people
poor Melania could've had a much more successful life if she hadn't met up with u. She has 2 listen 2 that ego blustering
Whatever! You have been insincere on 99.9 of your comments. The Israeli people know you lie, and don't like you!
nicely done,  it's not fun, pretty boring but practice will help you to improve your debate performance, YOU CAN DO IT
Do U even know who Simon Peres was? I bet you thought he was Mexican because of his last name  
@Darkman3500 A big show of solidarity. Thanks.
you know so little about the world...do you know about this man's accomplishments
My prayers are with them.  May he rest in peace.
Before he died you wanted him deported as a Mexican because you thought his name was Perez
Buhari disobey court refused release freedom fighter leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra Kanu
be at peace Shimon
won't let Melania speak for herself
who will you be sending to attend for you?
kinda ironic that you honored fernandez when he swam from cuba. your policies are against that though. lmfao.
when is the Google coming out about that?
Where the heck are Obama's and Hillary's condolences?! Thank you Trump for standing with Israel.
Which of your people had to tell you who he was and what he did? And checked the spelling in your tweet?
oh she's out of hiding now!
But neither you or Melania will go to Israel to pay your respects.
Bill Clinton will.
Mr. Trump check into how HRC treats. Employees of the govt. Given the slightest provocation she will go after anyone.
funny how you only mention things that you think make you look good. You could care less about the average American.
