Trump ... think you said repeal and replace?  Or is this fake News?? Alternative Facts?
Thank you Thank you Thank you! REPEAL NOW
please get an independent insurance agent to be an advisor. Started my business 1983 licensed agent since 1970
with what???
LIKE THIS COMMENT IF YOU THINK THAT OBAMA IS THE BEST PRESIDENT WE WILL EVER HAVE !!!
with what
Repeal and replace Trump! 
#repealandreplacetrump
Repeal and Replace TRUMP!!!!!!!!
Repeal the unconstitutional obamacare. The courts ruled it unconstitutional so the idiot ran it through as an illegal tax! MUST REPEAL!!!
How did that work out for ya #DonTheCon?

Me and many others need Obama care so u r rlly that stupid trump?!!!!! Obama care changed so many lives like mine, you should know that
Repeal and replace the #Trump Presidency!
Repeal and ?????? Obamacare!
'I Never said #RepealAndReplace', just in press conference. My gosh see your tweet here.
LOL

Yes please! #Hillary needs to be investigated + punishment: All Clintons banned fro. Politics + Public Life.
Get IT DONE!
SUPPORT RIGHTS FOR EVERYONE AND LET PEOPLE LOVE WHO THEY WANT
This will result in the murder of millions of Americans on life saving med like me.
BUT WITH WHAT YOU NEED TO ELABROATE
Dear Donald Trump
You arrogant ignorant person 
You're wealthy but where's your compassion?
.@realDonaldTrump @snowlady09 Replace #Obamacare this way & end Leftist Single Payer dream Forever http://bit.ly/1SVjUab  Market Universal
way to go Mr. VonClownstick
How much should I save Donald? A Catastrophic event will cost more than I make in 5 years. #GoHillary
Repeal and replace Donald J. Trump
Never pay your taxes again, Trump doesn't, why should we?
Repeal and don't replace Trump!!! #dreamcometrue
our next President will be Donald Trump,  he wants to help ALL Americans.
how about we repeal and dump trump
IMPEACH Trump if he gets elected.
how about we just reject you and your tiny tiny orange hands
Absolutely! Before people start dying!
NO! It's given so many healthcare. You know nothing about people at all! You can get care even with preexisting conditions.
@tyrelle123 http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html …
REPEAL AND REPLACE YO FACE
repeal and replace hillary
Capslock on. If you knew how to do, I'm sure you will also write in green.

I bet you can't name two things that are in the #ACA. Check out the table of contents: http://aca-action.org/PPACA-TOC.html  #ObamaCare
I agree. It's getting depressingly expensive for those who can't afford it and to get fined?
@USA_WeLoveTrump  You mean Repeal and Replace Obama! Go Trump!
American hands and minds FIRST.   American JOBS!
NO. You're not going to take away insurance for 20M people. Not going to happen. Oh, and you're going to lose.
Replace it with just what, Donald? I bet it will be bigly.
Yes, replace with your ... um, um ... something great? Whatever it might be ....? best, umm thing? Great? Yeah, let's do it
No brace no ace bandage nothing. Unbelievable! What's next?
Hope u have a plan needs to go. 80yr. grandpa broke his leg. Obama care won't pay 2 reset. Over the age limit. REALLY! SMH!

with what?  You never offer a substantive plan on anything, #LOSER
Because when your house needs some spackle touch ups, best bet is to tear it down and rebuild the whole thing. Uh huh.
your twice as corrupt as Hillary
#NeverTrump
Trump, and End the Fed.
REPEAL AND REPLACE BOTH OBAMA AND HILLARY. Have Special Prosecutor root out all Criminals at State, Justice, IRS, etc.
obama is way more better than u, thats for sure
@KatrinaPierson before you do that, how about replacing these fools. Don't worry about the repeal part. Lol
@KatrinaPierson don't say it to loud or you start your future recession now. Just close your mouth and stop hurting all Biz
with what what's your plan tell me
How about we repeal and replace you!  Or at the very least your cotton-candy hair!?
repeal and replace your candidacy
@USA_WeLoveTrump @Vet4trump16 @GarySmi98320845 @FoxNews @dobeblizz @PhinsnNoles @rabuliz @JacksonMaher11  SHARE
please do, as of January I won't be able to afford medical.
With what? I can't afford ANY insurance including Obama care
with what, you planless fascist?
"Obamacare!" - Donald Trump!
portray media bias. Ask interviewers how much they contributed to Hillary.
no Donald!!! Fix it!! We need universal healthcare!!!
#replaceobamacarewithcongresscare
with what?? Liar!!!
With what.. what is your policy on health care???  Build a wall around it?
WHERE IS YOUR PLAN? YOUVE HAD MONTHS to get organized.
#NotReady4PrimeTimePlayer
so what are you going too replace it with
wonder how much uma  was paid to take the fall for Hillary, classic tactic by Clinton cartel to take focus off Hillary,
.@realDonaldTrump Benghazi 7 investigations led byGOP fiscal Conservatives,same results;Obamacare40+tries wasting$50millTax$:Def of Insanity
with what? Your ass?
love Tomorrows headlines... Weiner screws Clinton
@jeromelew99  Behind you 100% .Always Trump.
No, fix and update Obamacare. Though as Mitt Romney developed it, it's true name is Romneycare.
Say that to 90% of Americans with healthcare now
NO WAY
@realDonaldTrump at what cost? What are you replacing it with? How does this help with national debt and our GDP
REPEAL AND REPLACE  -  OBAMA   !!
As a broker in Arizona, it has been heart breaking to call clients this week with our 116% increase & only 1 carrier left
with what??? What's your alternative plan? Any clown can say replace,with something better n cheaper
With what? You've offered nothing as an idea, and the only thing that makes financial and moral sense is #SinglePayer.
with what? Medicare?
WITH WHAT?? Waiting to hear...
,I'm an independent, that voted Republican!!gofiguer
,I voted for you,Now I don't know if there was any fraud going on but I've never voted before so how would I know ?
You're nomination is the only thing that should have been repealed and replaced. #incompetent #HRClandslide
Just voted #draintheswamp

With what how soon. I will lose y insurance. So in the meantime I'm screwed right
replace with what? You have to have a plan first, dummy.
Let's get rid of Obama Care
#nodepthdonald
If you're so great fund Obamacare with tax money and make it free for everyone like other countries. Avoidance military
I agree, I hope you become president.
fake it!!!!!!
when the wheels come off keep hitting that nerve of mrs. Hillary
want to win some more of the black vote you and Muhammad Ali the greatest
you would have won about 20% of the Black Folk if you would have told Lester Holt negro please
no
with what exactly? you have no actual plans.
care to elaborate?
If you need assistance in perfecting a Universal Healthcare program, call me when you get elected!
Replace with what?
please make this your first task Mr. President Trump
I can’t. I’m not in congress.
It's a great plan! So amazing! You won't be able to stand how tremendous the plan is!

I
Bill agrees it's a disaster. &HRC admits before it was Obamacare it was Hillarycare, a disaster like all else she's done
repeal and replace anything you have ever done.

you are like a high school student on their cell phone.....go t o bed ....you are sleep deprived.... believe me it shows..
you couldn't get medical care past. Just make it free.
with what.....let me guess..Trump care... it's great...the best..
@prayers_4_trump @Prayers4TrumpCT           REPEAL AND REPLACE THE CLINTONS WITH THE TRUMPS.
@VetApologist @realDonaldTrump @jpm05880 @prayers_4_trump 
@HillaryClinton @POTUS 
I say put Clinton and Obama in jail
very original
Hillary's should be " REDESIGN REBUILD AND RECLAIM!!!
PUTOOOOOOOOOOOO. if obama is a real president
The world hate you
DUMP OBAMA ALSO
Michael Moore is a sick person he shouldn't even be allowed on television of course Megyn Kelly would invite him
@cnn @donlemon @HillaryClinton replace with what?
THERE R SOME BIG STRONG HEALTHY PEOPLE WHO CAN SERV IN THE MILITARY  NOT ALL SOLDIERS HAVE 2 BE SKINNY. CHANGE REQUIREMENTS
Also end failed war on drugs and save billions. only loser the CIA's world drug monopoly, end prison for marijuana offences
no
Give @GovGaryJohnson a shot! His free market healthcare could TRULY reduce medical costs!! #votegaryjohnson2016
... replace it with Putincare?! #MakeUSFLGreatAgain #wall #Russia #wikileaks
@LocaForTrump please don't touch me oh oranged one
With what?!
I have medicare and medicaid and I have NO healthcare!
I cannot go to a dentist or a doctor!
You Don't Know Anything ABOUT obamacare, Do you?!
Just repeal.
and stop mandated idiot tax penalty immediately!!! TY!!!! #MAGA #TrumpPence16 #Cannotwaittoseedemsresponse!!!! #9NOV16 !!!!
We need you to win Mr Trump, America's only hope. Hillary will finish the destruction of our country!!
Friend told me today her son and his wife pay over $800 a month for 'Obamacare.' Pay more for healthcare than mortgage.
# So we can basically have nothing like your workers Mr Trump?
with what? TrumpPussyGrab? Get a job man, you'll lose for sure
Repeal and replace Donald Trump!!
shut up
REPEAL AND REPLACE TRUMP!
hey Trump trump she could take a nap because it's a wrap you lost
@babyhebner Boo, Brian! & I don't mean it in a Halloweeny way. I've got a family of 5, & was drifting b4 Obamacare. #ACA
DELETE YOU ACCOUNT AND DROP OUT Of The ELECTION
and @SpeakerRyan


every1. Go vote trump back to ny. He's a rapist  a racist and a poor Buisiness man
my #Hillary friends got Obama renewals. new #trumpvoters my friend Tim #kaine got more peeps at his xmas party than rally
The Insurance Companies wrote this bill then, cry like babies about it! Pellosi PUSH it in and never read it!
Obamacare is communism, let's stop the train to A Brave New World.
unless U vote Trump Hillary's KEEPING obama care.
with what?
Repealing opens the door 4 insurance co to deny coverage 4 pre-existing conditions. Do people understand what is at stake?
Will you repeal first? If so, what happens to the million of #Americans who r left u covered?
voters of USA should read the writing on the wall and Vote for Trump. Make USA and the world great. @SV99999 @srirambjp
Yeah and tell everyone who allowed Trump to run for POTUS ...YOURE FIRED!
replace it what?
follow me if you like the smell of my ass!
I SAY MURDER THAT FRANKENSTEIN MONSTER OF A LEGISLATION OBAMACARE!  I hope you destroy it utterly and send it back to hell!
Means, test for GOVERNMENT health care, those who can't afford it, or without company plan, government health care.
deporting all the Hispanics out.  All the lies are just unbelievable.  Spanish channels make you look/sound like a monster.
Mr. Trump, I am very upset about all the lies they are spreading about you.  People in other countries believe you will be
Here you go: 10% extra tax break for any company that forces their employees to pay all their own premiums. Thank me later.
Replace it with WHAT?!
WITH WHAT?! Trumpcare, I assume, but what does it do? Aside from likely benefiting you in some way.
get rid of the patriot act energy dept education dept, EPA dept, IRA, just for a start.
OBAMACARE is an oxymoron, OBAMA does not CARE about Americans.As an Oklahoman I know too many people going broke
