@RPolsenberg SO important!
yeah yours is privately owned but I'm willing to bet it's not you that owns it haha
@NoMoreCommonSns She has no original ideas...advances in the backs of others. Shut her down.
I agree 100%
Hillarys is rented to, oh she is having a raffle for a chance to ride on her plane. No thanks hillary
it's ok pumpkin you'll be on your plane flying into obscurity soon enough.
Imitation is the fondest form of flattery...
@DebAlwaystrump She's a loser her turn is coming soon. She will lose the electionTrump for President 
Love you, Trump 
Actually Mr. Trump she is more suited for a broom.
np
#DonaldJTrumpforPresident, #Trump2016, #AlwaysTrump,
Juvenile.
aren't you due back in elementary school in the morning?
I'll bet as a child, #Trump was a mini version of WHO he is now. #Doesn't PlayWellWithOthers, #Narcissist 
Her plane is BIGGER,But the Uglyist,Most Uncomfortable one I've EVER SEEN & WHO'S PAYING FOR THE RENT?She Sure DON'T OWN IT
we are paying for it (THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA) like every other penny she spends,totally crooked!
What a whiner! DJT Sounds like a 5th grader (in more ways than one.).
This is what is important to you? Pumping your own tires like a little child? I hope you get embarassed Nov 8...
I'd be embarrassed if I had to follow four people just to get one to follow back.
OMG, my grandson Jake is running for President!
can't wait to put you behind us.
and she's got the flags going now too!
YOU TAKE CREDIT FOR EVERYTHING. YOUR bible IN THE BEGINNING I DONALD J TRUMP CREATED THE HEAVENS AND...
Donald, all these people stole your idea of having the plane behind them, as far as 30 yrs ago...It is deplorable!
she can't hold a candle to you.
#makeamericagreatagain
are you a 1st grader trapped in an old man's body?
are you saying your "rallies" are staged?
yes but @realDonaldTrump where did YOU get the idea
this whole piece on @realDonaldTrump's exploitation of the optics of fascism and nazism is quite fascinating
who could have foreseen America's turn to fetishizing fascism nobody probably
SEND ME COPIES OF YOUR TAX RETURNS
yeah, and then she wears the same dress as me #dumb #TrumpWhineyBaby. You're so #cool.  Such #presidential tweets
she's copying me mommy waaaaaaa
Your a joke...how does this make you a presidential choice?  Where are your policies???
you're God Don, there's no one better than you
she put US at risk, neglected citizens in Benghazi, took $ in return for favor as SOS & lied about handling classified info
and you're copying all those who previously did this http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/09/a-brief-history-of-presidential-candidates-standing-in-front-of-planes/500963/ …
Then you copied Presidents in the past because they've been doing it for years!!! You are so egotistical and vain!!!! Dayum
Yeah Donald everyone wants to be like you. Or so your massive ego thinks
MOMMY! THE DEMOCRAT LADY IS COPPYING MEEE!!!!
does it really matter as much as not paying your taxes or does the airplane thing feed your ego?
What are you, like 12?  A slow 12 yr old, #trumpisanasshole
I know! How pathetic. 
is this her private plane , or we the taxpayers paying for this?
talk about issues and stop this petty junk ...Please you are acting like a kid
Your customized plane  puts her medi-vac to shame .
yes I noticed. She is a
Amazing how Chump focuses on crap that doesn't matter. Definite symptom of Asperger's Syndrome.
so childish #nevertrump
seriously what an unoriginal bitch.
so unoriginal.
She also keeps putting the blue sky behind her, just like you. Wizards ye be.

how old are you? 12? "omg she's copying me"
Grow up!  Next thing we know you'll cry, "she took my voters!  WAH WAH WAH"
No.  You got the idea from the debate at the #Reagan Presidential Library, teeny bopper.  #Trump #ClintonVsTrump
Are you a 5 year old???!!! "Copycat" is something my 5 year old would say if I wasn't raising him to know better...
petty
how childish. Kids tell on each other for copying not adults... grow up!
She can't think for herself!
take your toys and go home Donald. Your tweets are so childish in my opinion.
Grow Up, empty boxers
We also notice how you copy Obama's tweets too
oh yeah she does not have great ideas on her own!!! She has been copying every idea policy of yours all along ! Hillary 
this sounds like a problem a fourth grader would complain about. You sound like a petulant, pouty child.


plane bought by clinton foundation (a.k.a. Government  $$$.)
yes and the H with arrow on it looks like a sign saying this way to the hospital.
Ever notice how you ripped off Reagan's campaign slogan?
ohh boohoo! Soo fucking what! Get over it!
Please have some cheese with your whine.
At least you stay focused on what's really important.
You did not invent the tarmac rally or plane backdrop.
she's not the only one copying you!
why are you whining over flying metal
what the fuck is wrong with you?
I guess the voice of reason does appeal to Hillary.. only when it's NOT her ideas. She's caught the copycat syndrome...
Presidential candidates were doing them long before you did.
Has never had a idea of her own. Has to seal ideas from others
Really You're not the first to Display a Plane but you're certainly the Most Obvious at Doing it ALL OF THE TIME!!!
wow did you invent that Donald? You should definitely patent that!!
Not true.  Why do you have to lie so much? Hangar podiums are not your creation.
SHE COPIES YOU ON A LOT OF STUFF. AND SHE TRIES TO PUT YOU DOWN FOR WHAT SHE HAS DONE. SHE THINKS WE BELIEVE IT
liar fraud conman: u didnt invent this; its been done for 30-40 years.U copied them. U have zero new ideas, zero thoughts
airplane rallies were not invented by you! Eisenhower did them; so delusional!
you been drinking some Kool-Aid bro? I'd go easy on that stuff
nobody's copying you and Donnie
, Hillary's plane is slower than your's. You are way ahead. #DonaldTrump is traveling at warp speed. You will soon be Pres.
@JudyKemp69 @realDonaldTrump methane powered
Get over yourself.  You're not the 1st or last person to stand in front of a plane.
and what's the point of this? Can you please make important points? AIRPLANES????
do you think know you own the patent on talking in front of air planes? You are a jester and have no place in politics.
Donald did copy the 1980 campaign theme
candidates have been doing the same thing Donald for years. Maybe you are the one who is copying  rather than HRC.
she is desprate
dude who owns the plane behind her anyway?  The Clinton Founation????
Only yours is real, hers looks fake green-screen. :)  #TRUMPNATION2016
why would you even think standing in front of a plane is original?
HC-no imagination. you are the Real Deal, Mr. Trump! go, Trump!
Ah yes, you are the first candidate to ever take a picture in front of a plane.  Did you also invent the Internet?
Presidential campaigns have done airplane rallies since the 1950's. Gonna sue Eisenhower and Nixon for copying you, too?
are you five? Did you copyright "plane rally's?" This is something a loser would say #whataloser
candidates have been doing rally's in front of planes forever lol
I'd ask if you had more substantial things to talk about but thelie detector test has proven that it'd be a lie.
You did not invent the tarmac rally or plane backdrop.
Yes, I thought the same thing.  "HILL NO 2016" "Vote4TRUMP"
When are u going to release your taxes, I'll tell u when , Never , America don't be fooled  !!!
Yes
often immitated Never Duplicated! #TrumpTrain
You are a legend in your own mind!
Trump in front of  U, it's not an  airplane, but the people.  what 2 expect of a liar that puts Muslims&corporation first?
Mr. Trump. Crooked Hillary has a long way to go. She's still learning.
WTF are you talking about?
ur irrelevant
so... focus away from Hillary...
" Imitation is the highest form of flattery" She pales in  http://comparison.You  can see in someone's eyes if they lived R or 
and so have presidents since airplanes have been invented.
Wow -- did you invent this? You mean no other candidate for anything has ever done this -- EVER???
Hillary's new ride.  #NeverHillary  #MAGA
It's pure CGI. Look closely.
you complain over the stupid shit, how about complaining about the things like education our soldiers our healthcare, etc..
Copy Cat
Laughing Again... :) You're So Dan Childish.
and I noticed she'd rather give interviews from that ugly plane of hers than get out among the ppl! #HRCfears2ManyQuestions
now that's important information and has everything to do with the election grow up donald
you weren't the first.  Sometimes an inovater, BUT mostly an Imitator.
you're like an immature 7th grader.
Really?  This is presidential?
Is this junior high?  Oh, she copied you, heaven forbid.  SO WHAT???
we notice, she try's to emulate her hero! #MAGA
omg, you really are not smarter than a 2nd grader to show such weakness. Not surprised tho. yikes.
She copies/steals EVERYTHING you do!
you pathetic, pathological lying  con man, many before u did that, so I guess u stole the idea from them.
@yalode611 // not a whole lot original about her. Seems best thing she is good at is keeping on keeping on,"lies".
Yeah, Don, nobody ever thought of giving a speech next to plane before you. Why not just take credit for inventing flight?
Hillary know she is  losing &  soon she will start loosen buttons on her blouses !
@USA1Trump Yes, of course we notice; she is emulating you in a few ways; she has no charisma or ability to WIN us over
do people notice that you have been using the teleprompter just like Hillary Clinton was doing from the beginning
@ I give you my support from AFRICA  Mr. Trump
.@realDonaldTrump  HRC copies; timing remarks, tragic events, foreign country visits: (1st DJT, HRC follows). TRUMP leads, HRC follows #MAGA
- are you really that obsessed with what Hillary does? Seems pretty petty.
OMG. Nobody would have EVER thought to do a campaign stop in front of a plane before you "invented" it.
@sobeit22 Yes, Donald, we do. Hillary is taking lots of notes about what you do. #copycat
@USA1Trump Be in your great attacking form because as time comes close 2 Election #Hilary will steal a lot from you. So Sad
difference-you have people around you.She & her media stand in a hanger,she spouts codswallop,then they all go back aboard
Presidents have been doing that since the invention of the airplane, you dope.
Noticed on day one-very transparent. Also annoying how opponents try to belittle & offer nothing but copying Trump policy 
ShesBeen #Copying #EVERYBODY #AllAlongTheWatchTower:) #HRC StartedSoundingLike #LizWarren #Bernie ItWillAllChange #Later...
wtf are you 12?
So petty...
who paid for Hillary's plane?
Is that a presidential qualification?
I noticed that she is trying to many things like you. She's so darn phony. She doesn't have a core, that's why.
Donald Trump paid for his own plane. Hillary got hers from lying , cheating & stealing! 
Big fucking deal
what in the Holy fuck does it matter???
@HillaryClinton Look at that sexy beast. Now that's a plane!
@L8ShowColbert just destroyed @realDonaldTrump and it was beautiful. Donald is such a LOSER. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byP7XvzFqRc …
YES! I noticed she copies EVERYTHING you do! She has ZERO ideas! WIN THAT DEBATE! 3 DAYS! #PresidentialDebate #trump2016

Um......not so much....U didn't invent that they have been doing it since 1963!!!!!
Her fancy fundraising friends paid 4 it. She's proud. They're stronger together
she copies everything...the damned plagerist...
all she is a copycat she's been doing that to you, ever since she started campaigning
she copies everything you do..lol. But then again they all do..
"Look she's copying me!" Trump whines. Are u 70 or 7 ???
