There was no gun. And besides- I thought you loved guns. Why so scared, wuss?
right i mean how dare he run away from a potential assasination attempt!
He ran away from a piece of paper.
Why are you thinking about assassination attempts?  How did we get to this place?
I'm not. Trump's people fabricated a "gun" because a guy had a piece of paper.
I beg you to use UR common sense. Clintons R corrupt. No gov't can work when the rulers are corrupt. See Wikileaks for evidence
.@realDonaldTrump Hope you are ashamed that the #SecretService who protected your life in #Reno is covered by TAXES you refuse to pay.
Well, she didn't get elected, so move on and start holding DJT responsible.


-Republicans will have to apply the law against those who want to have everything their way, incarcerate them if necessary
Afraid of a guy with a sign?

You're a fucking pussy, Mr. Trump.

@purpleqgr @realDonaldTrump I do!  : d
you will fit well in my cabinet.
Attack on an unarmed protestor by ignorant followers of a con man - make America great!
you are a hero! Tough as nails

go Donald Trump go go go go go win win win win win win

I'm glad you're ok!
glad you're ok Mr. trump!!!!
WRONG! Hillary's going to stop you in 3 days and she should be given a medal for having to deal with your nonsense. SAD!!!!
go back in your hole, Drumph
Looks fishy dude.
@DonaldJTrumpJr @HillaryClinton will though.
it was staged. Security was super slow, if it was legit they'd be faster. #staged #bullshit just to get votes
I was there.  Not staged at all
my cousin who was there, saying it was some Dingus who yelled "gun" for no reason, def. staged.
I'm praying for you! #maga
weyou! We're going to win #MAGA
be careful
and pray for Donald Trump safety America the Democrats are playing dirty
Thank you for not giving up and leaving.   You rock dood!



we need Trump!
Did you see her speech...brought me to tears.
it gave me cancer

Yes, thank you, Secret Service! Glad you are alright! <3 Praise God!
This behavior is incited and paid by @HillaryClinton
lies...
The emails don't lie, but Hillary does, she even admitted it.
Please, snap outta it if those emails mattered she wouldn't be the next president.
Not true. Obama is protecting Hillary and himself and using the DOJ and FBI
Stop drinking the Koolaid Trump is selling...it's making your more stupid and delusional.
They rushed you off stage and while your not my candidate I don't condone violence at all.
"...JUST KIDDING!"
Be safe beat the witch who sent him in.
STAGED BY THE CON HIMSELF !!! Hahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahaDUH
hope you're safe & sound Mr. President!!! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
you prove that he leads in the uneducated demographic!
maybe Ken if you were not such a lazy, selfish, greedy, whiner you too could be a good human.
typical trumptard response.  12 year old.
thank you for the name calling..seems like you were never taught to respect others' opinions
pal, did you just try to compare Jay-Z the world famous rapper to Trump, the racist failed businessman?
Am 19, and I fully understood the tweet. Just needed to point out how ridiculous you're being.
You are fighting against the evil in this world. Please stay safe, and ask the Lord Jesus to protect you.We love you ♡
he is the evil though
Her & Bill, and MANY Elites: pedophiles!
LOL okay, go look at Trump's rape trial and go look at his little "lockerroom talk"
hrc went to pedophile island 6x with epstein. She's a nuclear war waiting to happen.
and Trump isn't a "nuclear war waiting to happen"?
hell no. Trump is peace. Only establishment wants and needs perpetual war.
trump is peace? is that a joke? he allowed violence at one of his rallies
Failed Assassination attempt by intolerant liberal just added more coals to the Trump Train.  Full speed!
that's the truth. I got six calls tonight from on the fence friends..all said. "Trump is my vote the left is sick"
LOL. Sure.
wuss
Spoken like a TRUE FUTURE PRESIDENT! #TrumpPence2016 #MAGA
I'm with Her.
Thank you Mr President! Putting our lives and future ahead of your own, America loves you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
staged yo, if it was legit security would be faster. Just to get reactionary votes #staged #bullshit
that's ridiculous, really it is..
not stupid at all. It is very Trump to do this, outlandish and crazy but fits with MO, he knows the effects
FBI doesn't do staged yo.
There was no gun you liar. Why do you #TrumpTrolls feel the need to lie about everything?  #Deplorable  @realDonaldTrump
don't like the fact that your party are a bunch of criminals? To bad. But there was a gun you liar.
There was no gun.
Trump is ugly inside and out, and his mutant vision of America is scary
bro you ran away cause a dude tried to hold up a sign
A Homeland Security official confirms the @ABC report: no gun found, crowd panicked as a guy tried to raise a sign; someone shouted "gun."
quick diaper change and back on stage I see
Secret Service escorted him off the stage, you turd.
only turd here is the one in his pants
All I'm saying is he didn't hit the floor or start running before SS wanted him out of "harm's way"
Nah, you actually just called a stranger a turd on the internet. Great argument-crafting from an adult.
H is same person who blamed a video 4 Benghazi riots that landed an innocent man in jail & left is worried about T words?
Can't wait for you to win and arrest #CrookedHillary and her network and jail them. #MAGA
Can't wait to see Trump lose his fraud and rape cases!
deal with it
how does this work?

please sir! Help make my DEAR NIGERIA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN
you are not my president. We won the popular vote
I'm Victoria's father,good luck,and my prayers are with you in making America safe and secured again.
@GenFlynn well we know how much u love us uneducated here! I'm not even sure that's a polite way to call us dumb and stupid
RUN
The man detained by Secret Service after Trump was rushed off the stage has been released
@BenMargiott he didn't run.
He ran like a fat kid chasing an ice cream truck.
you obviously didn't see the video. He was pretty heroic.
I like heroes who don't run away.
he didn't run. He won.
He lost the popular vote.

Obama care "The Nightmare" force fed tax unaffordable garbage shoved down the throat of American taxpayers. Sky high hikes
MAKE AMERICA NORMAL AGAIN!!!
U should b disqualified 4 letting your campaign lie about the protester in Reno. U have no control over JR. or the campaign
Make it safe again? Try being a black person in 1950's Alabama. Not so safe then. Or a native American ever. Or poor
#Trump's America: #ClimateChange, #Extinction and the #PoorlyEducated
nothing but a disgruntled republicunt
"Not even a paper cut"
America will be safe and great only if you lose.
2nd amendment hypocrite. Does not want guns around him, runs off stage because someone might have one. Gun rights my ass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQgt2cw9bnc …
America was never safe... stupid demagogue 
I used to # love this #twitter #feed but it is now #boring. Always the same. Please allow #Trump to start using it #again
you were in the right state for the "Rigged" argument, like your casinos their rigged too
Good Luck Donald..
Nothing will stop us, not even a man holding a paper sign!
F**KING LIAR!
will do nothing for African Americans. Read this book: https://www.amazon.com/Just-Mercy-Story-Justice-Redemption/dp/081298496X/ref=sr_1_15?ie=UTF8&qid=1478449116&sr=8-15&keywords=new+york+times+bestseller+paperbacks+2016&refinements=p_72%3A2661618011 … … Then #VoteBlueNoMatterWho GOP is racist
Clinton means higher taxes Obama care rises more attacks on our military more attacks on police no jobs
thanking Nevada for voting Clinton.
Donald Trump / Putin 2016 make Tyranny Great Again!
Now is the TIME for All Good Men (And Women) to Come to the Aid Of their Country> VOTE Trump Tuesday 8 Nov 2016 2 Stop 1WO
Nevada... let's #draintheswarmp
don't gamble our country away !! Don't vote for Don the Con #Nevada
They took your tweet powers away 
something tells me DT will say Comey's not a "good man anymore". let me guess, HE's corrupt now too!
FBI director confirms Clinton email probe over. FBI chief: no change in conclusion of Clinton probe.
Only your running away from a sign. Lol...looking brave conald boy..
Wes absolutely will not be terrified by man with sign as we duck and run away
Spread...Wear RED!!
No fear!
We are going to kick DJT butt!
You are welcome Mr. President! Look for your victory this upcoming Tuesday night! Until then, GOOD LUCK! @DuvessaDeadmoon
@diamondgirl2222 @RickPerry420 @GovWalker @SebGorka @PrisonPlanet @TeamTrump @DanScavino
old news, and the FBI announced a few hours ago the emails were junk.
who is posting on this account.  Not Donald's style! #Trump2016
to bad that guy didn't actually get you

EVEN MEN WITH SIGNS WONT STOP YOU!
You mean like a republican who opposes you holding up a sign and your bogus claim it was an assassination attempt.

it alreadyisgreat and safe-where have u been?
A group of 370 economists, including eight Nobel laureates in economics, have signed a letter warning against the election of Trump!
Nice try. Next time pay the guy yelling more money. O wait -you never pay employees.
We're going to the polls in MASSIVE #'s to make sure your version of MAGA is STOP so keep your RETHORIC up 4 the next 48hrs
If you were any more of a pussy, you'd have to grab yourself.
Here we go Trump here we go!!!! WV got your back!!
So where is the person who yelled "GUN", why is this being ignored!
NEVER puts his $ where #SleazyTrump mouth is bc he will lose it All he's given is hypocritical rhetoric against own actions
Imagine the Gossip Cabinet of Hilary, Huma and the Maid. Trying keeping a secret with that bunch! 
https://www.facebook.com/gameonsocialmedia/videos/910094649119983/ …
"Nothing will stop us" - not even the democratic will of the people voting against you? #SeigHeil
be a real man. face your court files and show your taxes, pantsy
@Hillary4GOP @newtgingrich @billmaher

DUMP TRUMP!
Stay safe Trump.  Wikileaks has them crazy.  They will stop at nothing.  Salute the secret service.
do we all get our own secret service for protection?run wimp run

Awww Donald, did they take your toy away?
. I thought your MOM KellyAnne took away your account.
Nothing? You ran off stage because of words on a sign!! Hardly presidential behaviour!!
we all know Trump minions are easily confused, they see a piece of paper n feel threatened. Is it a summons, a warrant?
I live in Reno and am HUMILIATED by what happened at Mr. Trumps rally. So sorry, all we want is to #MAGA! Immense aplogies!
Yes we r scare'n the hell out of them they r trying 2 kill r spirit,They can Not.Keep the Faith & VOTE#MAGA
Great rally! Thanks for all you are sacrificing for our country! #TrumpLandslide https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGgjKxTjCI8 …
sums up what the #Trump racist campaign is about
I never knew how great a man Trump truly is. He's gone far and beyond to fight for us against the monster socialists
PUTO cry baby
Can't and won't increase his support above his nutty base. The is over.
Glad that guy with sign did not hurt you.
Except the election which you are losing.
got one word for you fascist CARDENAS
Those guys with signs are terrifying!!!
well, except losing.  Which you'll do.
movement MAGA!
Donald, Please instruct your son(s) not to tweet LIES about "attempted assassination". It was a man with a sign.
Reno is embarrassed, Trump.  The guy didn't have a gun.  It was all a misunderstanding.
that sign was so dangerous a republican not for you!!!!
if you become president, you'll become the first president of the 21st century to be assassinated
Who is going to keep women safe from you?
You were scared of a piece of paper, that's how tough you are. That's not how you MAGA.

To America, love the people of Germany. #goodluck #trump #clinton 
Trump had 10,000 body guards in Reno, no chance for Hillary's goons to disrupt Trump's rally!
yes, there is Donald
Her name is Hilary Clinton.
She will win
@HillaryClinton Nothing will stop you? Mr. Trump you just wait and see !!! You won't even see what hit you !!
Get out and vote for Trump.  Tue is the big day! !
@CNNPolitics  #draintheswamp when won't live up to his sound bites he will Blame a rigged system everyone up and down again
sir, after making America great remember other part of world especially Africa and Nigeria in particular
Sexest No Tax Paying Pig !!
Hmmm
The huge crowds at every single venue for Trump ought to have the Dems running scared.
Hey, Donny, how's your son-in-law's soft, whispery voice doing to help you?
Can ANYONE of the cunts supporters show us a crowd like the one above?  I don't see a musician on the stage either!
[ Daily Rosary 4D Win. Mother Mary Cannot Be Refuse by Jesus. by God- Who Owns & Has Control of the Future ] God bless.
#fuckyourself
#fuckenasshole
#2A people scared of #1A people!
#ChickenTrump
#Trumpscaredoffstage
