WE love your tweets ! Gosh Obama has tweeted all 8 years! So has Hillary.They R just trying 2 change U. Don't let it happen
The last I looked, our constitution doesn't require the press to please you.
So EVEN YOU recognise that these tweets give you the appearance of a petulant teenager? SAD! BIG PROBLEM!
says the man who think SNL is "news." *note proper use of quotation marks.
What is wrong with you. I don't care how much money you have. How can you possibly know what it is like to be poor
lol ...ummmm ... don't they always play a video of what you said? How much more accurate can you get than that?Lol snort
You do know there are other ways to communicate than via press coverage and Twitter?
If you were remotely competent, maybe they would have something positive to say. #Conned
Fuck "the press" man keep tweeting. Dreams are more powerful than schemes.
do you like the films of Jude Law?
Sadly we don't know if YOU will ever be accurate / honorable. BE A MAN, admit you wanted attention. You got it. Now go away
Do you not understand the role of the free press?
shut up
perhaps if you acted like an adult...

BWAHAHAHAHA. You are an abject MORON.
Sweet dream .... it will never happen!!! keep "tweeting"
the world and people of Israel Love You
Why don't you have press conferences?? Are you afraid someone may call you on your lies? #pussygrappingtrump #trumplies
your pissing off people who love you because of your childish behaviour
try behaving as responsible adult should:NO FIGHTING NO BITING NO LYING NO BULLYING NO NAME CALLING NO SILLY BANTER GOT IT?
NO CRAZY TWEETS NO NEPOTISM NO RACISM NO BIGOTRY NO MISOGYNY NO SEXISM GOT IT? @ClaudeRusswms @natureofthings @CNN @MSNBC
they only report what they see and hear coming from your narcissistic mouth. Own your BS Donny you're in the big leagues
1K likes per minute.
OMGSHUTUP!
I think the coverage of you is accurate! Your Twitter posting make you look pathetic! Best coverage you are your own media!
keep tweeting , we are here, and listening. We support and love you
yes !Thank you so much. I never knew what it was, but I upgraded my phone to 7plus and it went away.Thank u for your help 
ur a joke buddy! if ur in a place of power ur gonna get critized!! its our world and u contributed to that ur whole life
I don't nor ever have seen the media criticizing Obama the same way.
that's because Obama never said he would court his own daughter dude!! :/
That was taken out of context, but libs never look past the narrative fed to them to keep them stupid.
Sure Okay
"Accurately" and "honorably"? @realDonaldTrump, the press QUOTES you. If you have an issue with this, maybe the problem is not on their end.
There's nothing wrong w/journalistic integrity of @NYtimes, or @WashingtonPost, @realDonaldTrump—When you say fascist things, they report it
If you think identifying fascism as fascism is inaccurate, then I dare say, @realDonaldTrump, you might consider investing in a dictionary.
If you want press to stop reporting the awful things you say & do, @realDonaldTrump, it's not difficult—Stop saying & doing them. Easy peasy
is a sad little man!
I hope U don't allow CNN to cover ur briefings. They do not deserve that honor. Destroy them like they tried to destroy you
stop tweeting about SNL . Focus on things that matter! Shake it off Donald!
stop crying ya big spoiled baby
Accurate: "And when you're a star they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy."
@Pastafarian1964 @realDonaldTrump he already said he was just making shit up to impress Billy - he claims he was LYING
didn't say he was lying. Anyway, he's been accused of assault by many women.
"locker room talk" = lying to impress someone
It's naive to think he never did this when he claimed doing it and over 12 women accused him of assault.
maybe if disgusting words didn't continually come out of your mouth the press would leave you alone.
The press  most often uses your actual words. If that isnt covering you fairly, what is? What have they lied about?
the SNL news desk isn't really the press...
you're the president elect of the united states of america. You have exactly zero reasons to tweet.
.@realDonaldTrump What did they get wrong, Don, the number of women you've raped?
MSM hate that you have America's undivided attention here...140 characters at a time. We, however, love it.
you love armed men firing in pizza shops because of lies too?
Dude...those time released thingies don't appear to be releasing timely for you. Seek help
They're working fine.
A person tweets with the same frequency that they masturbate. #proven  #scientificfact
Dear Mr. @POTUS • You are the most powerful person in the world, yet you have a victim's mentality.
Because he’s been victimized by the previous administration during election and transition, and now every day by MSM who are hell bent on creating Socialism in America.  THATS WHY MORON!
Well, honor is earned not bought, you don't know much about not buying things. Accurate they are, maybe that's why you don't like it...
If you crave accuracy, try holding regular press conferences. The press needs to hear from you, not leaks from your staff.
because all they report is FAKE NEWS
If you're referring to repeated live end-to-end cable news coverage of Donald Trump's rallies, you're correct!
MAYBE HE WILL, BUT NOT ON FAKE NEWS/JEW SITES
Antisemite reported.
Truth hurts
I’m sorry truth hurts. Maybe you should try hating less
huh
I love the tweets because the media is bought and paid for. The MSM wants you to stop because it makes them liars!
Why aren’t you saying or doing anything about Russia? Speaking of honor and accuracy, the sanctions were passed almost unanimously by congress, you signed them and then sat on them. Knowing what we know, your continued complacency on it is traitorous.
Accuracy & honor are nonexistent in your reckless, delusional tweets. For your own sake & that of this nation & the world, please resign.
Poor hisums. Hims doesn’t like being “attacked.” His feelings are hurt. #TrumpisaMoron
It would be possible if you yourself were ever accurate or honorable, but you're not
How are you gonna explain your buddy selling his steel stocks last week?
And what will you say to Prime Minister Turnbull about the cost of the
USS Canberry battleship going thru the roof with your "tantrum tariffs?"
You don’t know what honorably means! Most slime balls don’t!
Ultimately history will reflect your complete inability to be truthful by your own recorded words and actions. #ThiseEmperorHasNoClothes.
Mr trump news media can only report accurately to what a person or persons say and  do /not animals#orangutan
The press wants us to get "news" through them . 

Nope.  We've got our POTUS on direct dial now .  

And there's no going back .
Birds Tweet presidents are supposed to lead and think before the speak.If you can exclude the big tax breaks for the wealthy may work
- "straight from horses mouth", good concept, but we can't be sure what comes out of the mouth is not pure BS.
If the press treated you fairly, you wouldn't be president!
Mainstream corporate media deserve huge blame for giving this madman endless platform to con voters. Campaign coverage devoid of substance.
quit lying. just quit lying. then you won't have to call the media a bunch of liars.
Hillary didn't lie . how about healthcare Obama single handed fucked it up for everyone
How dishonest of the press to report the things you actually say and do. And they call that unbiased!
if you believe the "press" you are a fool and sucker
let me guess... Brietbart reader?
It's not the press.  It's your mouth. If you don't want to be called disrespectful to vets don't insult McCain and Khan.
u mean when he repeatedly praised srgt Khan and still got shat on by the media? So mean!
You know that is not what happened. He insulted to mother first thing. DT can't shut his ugly mouth and then blames the press.
Read Art of the Deal.  Being controversial is his way to stay in the news cycle.  Any publicity is good. CNN = free coverage
Yes, but everything the President says is news. Hopefully this man-baby will NEVER B president.
Shut them down, NATIONALIZE THE MEDIA.
It is sad your going to be a GREAT PRESIDENT WE THE PEOPLE HAVE FAITH IN YOU
you live in a fantasy world
lmfao and it will BE GREAT AGAIN!!!
give them a reason to!
Yep,
.@realDonaldTrump any phones small enough for u to use w/1 hand? "If the press would allow me to make up shit I wouldn't have tweet so much"
why would they treat you honorably when there's nothing honorable about you??
you obviously don't read what people tweet back to you, or you would stop tweeting!! 
try making fact based statements
No one is going to believe your tweet any more than what they see in the press. Give yourself more dignity.
Judging by your inane and offensive tweets, the press have gone pretty easy on you.
SAME lmfaoo
You're blaming the press for your own tweets?
Do you know what a baby you sound? Wow.A five-year-old exhibits more dignity than you do with this pathetic, whiny, tweet.
WAAAAAA. Your being called out on your lies and you don't like it.  Try telling the truth for a change.
keep tweeting. The media will never change.
afraid of the truth? The fun has just begun. Solution? Walk away. You won't be missed
lol! you wasted your time big guy! #faithlesselectors are going to kick ya to the curb!
Nope keep tweeting to us the people... we don't need no stinkin' filter! YouTube channel? MSM PPL R PATHETIC WASTES OF SKIN
wtf...you're the most dishonest person to ever hold this office...press needs to keep you in check (fact check your lies)..
you're tweeting is better Mr. President! The people like to hear from you directly and like you to control the narrative!
You don't tweet. You quack!
You said it Don
Most hated candidate in American history. The people do not like you.
they didn't understand Honor.  They do understand Your Honor,Sir!  Just us!
at least work on the accuracy of your tweets please.
the press fact checks. Twitter lets you spew any random lie or garbage
the truth hurts! You should not be president and I for 1 think you're a sociopath . Egotistical lame brain.
Nice try, Trumpster.  We're not buying it.  We see you.
You have to deserve respect to earn it. ACT LIKE A PRESIDENT
https://www.yahoo.com/news/hillary-clinton-gets-more-votes-150522324.html?.tsrc=fauxdal …
Amazing how everybody except Trump & his deplorables think the press is to soft on Trump.
Some of the media could be so biased.  We love you.
Be accurate & honorably. Tell full story on what you are making deals. Accept respomsibility on your actions. Man UP !!
Presidency...you're doing it wrong.  Either you get your shit together or you will keep getting trolled.  #suckitupsweetie
If you're going to be my president stop whining all the time, you make us look weak as a nation sometimes
They do cover you accurately all their proof is coming from you why don't u try to stop lying are making up jobs @cnn @wsj
Donald these people don't sound very smart. Maybe they are reporters.
WE like UR tweets. It's personal convo w/o MSM intervention. #MAGA
you have to tweet so you can continue to lie to your delusional followers
No, if you gave more thought to being a grownup leader instead of a spoiled brat, you wouldn't have time to tweet. Sheesh!
mature tweets would be better though. You can't keep ranting and attacking like a child. Have answers!
but you're doing doing as much damage as some of the bad reporting. Some thoughts are better when aged like wine.
Pls ignore a Press that portrayed itself as biased and reckless just to help Hillary win. Ride on; we like the tweets.
They do cover you accurately and there is no honor with you, you are deplorable and make me feel shame for this country.
must be rough getting negative press. If only victims of hate crimes your campaign validated knew how hard you have it
Keep tweeting we only trust you and @seanhannity!  BTW I want to see the wall of names.  NY is my bucketlist. I can't go 
the media simply repeats what you say. You expect them to lie?
If the press would simply report, rather than trying to create the news, maybe all of us could stop tweeting!
you lie, bolster and exaggerate so often, they cannot determine what your truth is

u r a liar and ran on hatred.
they lie for you  and   helped you  win  like  you  planned  with  the  rich media owners .
I get that. I see the photos they choose, but u both skew & spin the facts in ur favours. Look at ur coi and values&ethics
Donald, if we are so much in debt why the need for spending money on a gloating tour.
Press has no respect for the 1st Amendment to the Constitution, and neither does the US government. #FakeNews legislation
So you don't want them to call you on your lies and bullshit you get from Alex Jones.
You are not an honorable man.
Oh and of course, you will be completely objective...
You are an embarrassment
LOVE the Tweets. Never stop Tweeting!
The press can't be accurate when a pathological liar continues to speak double talk and spews hate towards many. Grow up.
you are definitely too old to continue to act like a child having a temper tantrum all the time. So Sad.
acting honorably and fairly (on your part) instead of like a teenaged bully would be a good start...
I'd rather hear directly from you anyway.

you know it cool to see u on Twitter but snl jokes just attack em head on
I'm sorry to say, Mr. President, they definitely won't! Maybe they should be regulated, maybe THEY should be accountable
@Stuntwoman1 You keep tweeting Mr President
keep tweeting the truth because the news media doesn't
Do not expect that of the press, the source is the impotante.
You rock! I have a great band and would love to play a show for you.
Then please say something that is accurate and honorable.  But why start now.  Electoral College just say NO!
LIAR. You tweet because you're a man-baby!
you're a child trying to play with the adults. Please don't ruin this already great nation.
Don't forget, if they get Twitter/FB to ban U, there's always GAB.  Keep the communication going.
so you against freedom of press? #fascist
Did Russia also place all of the TRUMP/PENCE signs on the trees and bridges on my drive up-north all along I-75?
No it won't Dildo Baggins.
oh man.... .
If they covered u ACCURATELY, u would never have won in the 1st place. U have no honor, no integrity & NEGATIVE decency.
wish you a very happy marry Christmas.
you chose this job, sweet cheeks...this is what it entails.
that's the most foolish lie maybe at top of them all & that's EVERYTHING U SAY just saying they lie is DICTATORS playbook
ignore the haters.Just do your job of making America great!Also stop tweeting so much!Not looking so good 4 u
If the USA will have the finest Cybersecurity. At least the people could report sincerely and safely.Esp car dash hacking.
idiot
agreed
anybody told you yet, you won the election? I get the sense you have no idea what your new role is. Twit less read more
PLEASE stop tweeting.  So very embarrassing on the world stage.  Please for the love of God, stop
Happy to see Mr. President Donald Trump keeping his news on the web! Hope he makes a GREAT Facebook page for news outlet!
you Mr Trump make excuses for everything that doesn't make your shit gold!  You can't stand to be caught in a lie!
Simon Hedlin True Americans love Trump, thats why he was voted in! You take freedom of speech to a worthless level!
at first I didn't like you. get over the press show them you're better then what you seem. Prove to us you're worth it...
The press DOES cover you accurately. The problem is you don't like the truth, neither do your supporters.They insult.
ATTEND YOUR SECURITY BRIEFINGS. Learn and ask questions.
I'm new at twitter! Please don't stop funding Meals on Wheels! I love u as my President! Old people don't need to cook, the
act accordingly with honor and respect to get your oh so accurate media coverage
define fairly be by ur standards, they'd have to exaggerate and lie all the time
@az_valentine it won't. We like your style. I would rather listen to you then MSM bullshit.
What you want is a compliant propaganda machine, not honest journalism. Why aren't you doing press events?
@PatreciaRogers Keep tweeting Mr. President.
I can't help but wonder how you find the time to Tweet.
Your definition of "fair" is "one-sided, slanted totally in your favor".
