@realDonaldTrump
And she's still losing...
And you're still delusional.
The master poll sir.... If you're still believing the media, you'll Beverly disappointed
UPI/CVoter is the "master poll"? 
 you're hilarious....
Idiotic killary supporters get no more of my time... Lol You'll be very disappointed very soon...;)
Are you going to be in front of a largely white audience barking at African Americans? I'll pass. #DumpTrump
You going to be in front of Obama, as your race slaughters each other? #Chicago. You liberals kill me.
I'm not a Liberal. I'm old school, I'm a radical. You prejudged me and therefore are prejudiced. You are the weakest link!
I'm not the problem, you tell me why blacks kill blacks at an alarming rate. Answer the question. Is it white cops?
It's socio economics. Impoverished, poorly educated of all races kill at alarming rates.
I'm not poorly educated
Concentrated poverty/lack of good ed ops of ANY people results in higher crime.
they are only talking about black people
Remember when you mocked a disabled person and didn't apologize for it?
Remember when killary murdered those us soldiers?
TRUMP is like Hitler unqualified to be PRESIDENT
Killary is hitler, killing all the soldiers... Lol
really special that you take the time to come to our Snohomish county,  thanks and win it!
if u lose Donald this is going to be a hell of a mess.
its your shot and chance to get on the road and in the house. Do it Donald reconcile now and make peace
go for it
I'm so excited to go, support, and vote for a man for president Donald J Trump he Loves America
I'm retired military, they have all the right by our constitution. Do I agree, no, but it's their right.
u might want to see climate change in action. Talk to those being displaced on the coast.
Not the typical school gym that Shillary uses for her 50 HillBots excuse for a "rally"
The only way you'll turn WA red is by bleeding out of your "whatever"
Wish I could be there, Mr. Trump. I would be honored to be in the presence of The Donald.
I'll be there and will be bringing my friends! By the end of the night, they will also be on the Trump Train with me!!
Your destiny is sealed.#loser
l like.
stay on message big guy this is yours we must stop killery at all cost. We the people have your back
no thanks
will NOT win Washington .
maybe because your state is full of Libtards
Full of white people as usual.....
Eww. No. Get out of our state.  We're too Northern for the Confederate-loving crap you spew.
go get em sir! The people are with you
Will be there,  as I was in Lynden.  Very long drive,  but the experience is worth it!
Your chances are smaller than your hands.
We need laws that will make entire nation "high energy"! Like only sea salt in chips! No high fructose corn syrup in drinks
no
delete ur account
Swallow your face...;)
No disrespect, but when it's all said and done, he's our president....
Seems he thinks Trump will win for sure. Anything can happen before voting time though.
Your whole campaign has been an infomercial for something most of us would never buy.
LOL, a fucking Keynesian.
broken foot, thank God for Internet, didn't miss my TRUMP!!!TRUMPpence2016
You might attract a crowd, but you will NEVER get the state's electoral votes. That's why I live here. #WAisNoPlaceForHate
#WELCOME... 
#President_TRUMP
even the #Orcas are glad you will be here tomorrow!!!
#WeVoteBlue
ew, please get out of my state
smoke and mirrors go with that
you SELL tickets?
Wish I could do more Sir.  
You Have My Support 100%
You don't deserve to enter my state.  Stay away
wasting time campaigning in a blue state is a waste of money, oh wait, you're not paying for it! Another Trump lie!
Oh WoW, less than 30 days before early voting and Trump is in WA 30+ down, No Chance, WA Despises Trump...No PA FL OH, WA??
your not welcomed in my state...
Ashamed that my state would host you again.
You can't charge for tix in the ghettos.
You've lost WA. No Republican has won this state since Reagan. Why not focus on swing states? Washington is lost.
WA is the PERFECT state for you to visit. #icouldrunthiscampaignbetter
#AmnestyDon
Love it!! Keep spending time & $$ in deep blue states, moron! Oh, and: #DeleteYourAccount, TinyHands!
you'll love the angry mob #AMNESTYDON
You have zero chance of winning Washington.
@michelleaukamp The ubiquitous Donald Trump always available,disarmingly frank, unashamedly and disarmingly transparent Yes
hey @HillaryClinton let's see you try to fill this arena.
I love Everett Washington
Hold your next one in GA in the GA Dome. We will sell it out!!
You won't win Washington so why are you spending time there? Is it to hear the crowds cheer for you?
Fox News gives opinion. Sick of hearing them. That's why I go to C-SPAN. Or live stream.
will be live streaming that if C Span doesn't covet.
looks like the echo should be great you should be able to hear everything you say while a crowd of ignorant cheers blindly
get more conservative if you want to  win.would you please.
Mr. Trump, We think you should change your closing song at rallies. "You can't always get what you want" is a bad message.
http://www.glennbeck.com/2016/08/24/donald-trump-supporter-threatens-trumps-life-on-air/ …
You are losing. You are the biggest lower. Go away!
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
#TrumpTaxes 
#PhonyDon
Should I wear my flip flops? AMMENSTY DON? Are we talking lenient immigration AMMENSTY DON?
@PeterTC123 ARE YOU GOING
OF COURSE I AM!!!!
leave Washington state immediately. We hate u.
are you refereeing a high school basketball game ?
Sounds Good! You Just Gotta Win Donald!!
,What about the very important swing states,hillarie's minions are pounding them!!!!!!
Nc,Penn,Ia & FLORDIA
Snohomish County Meal On Wheels  ! Nutirion School Grants to assist ...
HUGE waste of time going to a state like this. Should be in main battleground states everyday. Only 70 precious days left
@realDonaldTrump
@komonews @komonewsradio @KIRO7Seattle @seattletimes @seattlepi @LarsLarsonShow
I would rather slide naked down a banister made of razor blades and land in a pool of rubbing alcohol
Thanks for wasting your time ZERO chance of winning Washington State.  #MakeAmericaHateAgain
The babadook resides in Everett...good luck...
For real, not like the way Bannon lives in Florida.
@dgdocter12 - I wish !! Wrong coast 
lets get nuts Washington #Washington
@realDonaldTrump
https://www.davidicke.com/article/383317/report-kkk-members-hillary-clintons-new-trump-attack-ad-paid-actors …
mr Dumbp, you are boring, reading off TelePrompTer, not kicking babies out, flip flopping.  delete your freaking account.
My schedule might put me there on Tuesday, if so, I'll be there. Man, alot of trolls & shills up on this tweet!
#PaidTrolls
@mikeCplus we are going
NAH, DONT WANNA BE BORED
ARPAIO PROMISED ME PHOENIX MEDIAC REDENTIAL
ON INTERVIEW
BUT SOME RACISTS DISCRIMINATES ME
Just Becareful watch those crowds sir we want our President to be Safe ok. You need a pope mobil
laughable you're going to Washington. Ni chance of winning.
the truth about Hillary's alt.right speech:
I'll see you there Mr. Trump! So excited to hear you speak! And without a biased media telling me what "I" think #NOTaSHEEP
If I want to hear bull crap I will go to a rodeo
@chadwicksirnio I would say you should go but that's a long drive
Trump is trying to lose the election by wasting his time campaigning in a bluer than blue state.
12 miles from the #fudt offices!!  SAD!
yes that makes sense . Come to CA to in San Francisco Bay Area while your at it . So much support in deep blue states
totally don't understand the States you're going to? Go to FLA-NC-OH and stay there! #TrumpPence16 #Trump2016
Notice how Trump never goes to large cities like Seattle,  LA, Chicago, San Diego etc. Protesters have driven him out.
RIGHT, YES!....TRUMP-PENCE 2016!!
how about you quit the election and let someone else run in your place
Why WA... it's deep blue?  There is a higher probability u could flip OR to red... why not visit us here no?
Good choice, you have NO CHANCE of winning in WASHINGTON state! These people are way to SMART for you!!
@realDonaldTrump
It's OK to use my song! Share TRUMP Song 
with America
America &mainstream media watching your teleprompter speeches..awesome indeed..STAY FOCUS HIT HILLARY HARD.Nov PRES TRUMP
where he will assemble the klan
#NEVERTRUMP
Why in the hell are you wasting time and resources in WA? You should be in OH, PA, MI,FL, NH, NV, NC.
Donald I am from Barbados but we love you! Good luck, keep up the good work.
good luck. Most Washingtonians can see through that thin orange skin. Everett, huh, won't Seattle have you?
I wad just in Seattle and put up a few Trump stickers on Beacon hill near Crookery headquarters. Amazon opened book store?
As a proud Washingtonian, eew.. no thank you. Washington will not, nor ever will, be a Drumpf state.
I lived there years ago. I agree.
Awesome, #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@slone Hardest working man in politics!
not in a million years!
Nah
Stay out of the state.
I'm down!
Really ... Last time I checked your security staff was kicking out colored Americans.
@bast553 you are fabulous / Enjoy 
that swing state of Washington! That'll win it for ya! #NotGoodAtThis
I'll be busy watching paint dry, instead.
if amnesty is in your plan, then u and Hill  are same. Clean illegals need to be citizens and contribute their share
DON'T GIVE AWAY INTERNET STOP OBAMA
where are you going after that, can't find anything on your calendar.
Hi!  Would of loved to stay at your hotel in Chicago, but no gov't rates.
no thank you,Satan.
wow, no black people again...
the deal with Illegals, they come for the welfare and benefits and earned income tax credits for all their kids
Can you fly me out Mr. Trump ... #Please
Good to see you in solid Blue state spinning your wheels! Next up--Mississippi?
if you don't get your orange wash rag face azz off Twitter
I WILL BE THERE!!
we will win the state for you!
we don't want monsters here! I'll take Big Foot over your BIG MOUTH any day!
Taco Bowl today was great!  Lots of Latino Americans...and GREAT ones.  They are for you and you should take notice $$$$.
Hillary will take Washington State. Press "cancel."
hold up LMAO!! I jus came across on you tube a trump crowd vs hillary crowd  HLLARY STEP DOWN LET'S GET TRUMP!!
So, this a joke or a scam? Racking up Donor Dollars with FrequentFlyer billings?  You can't win WA
OH forgot you will have Navy there-82% non-white!! COOL
@realDonaldTrump
Hahaha!! They stuck you in EVERETT?  Guess you don't know much about Seattle passive aggressive behavior. They hate you
just show up for the Debate frumpy...and you better have your taxes by then if your little hands can hold them .#lyingTrump
taxes please...
Wow, your attendance in Everett is so low you have to ask people to buy tickets via Twitter? That's pretty sad. Really sad!
Come one come all see the amazing kkk endorsed bigot and his alt-right hatemongers.
I'd rather be bitten by 1,000 mosquitos with Zika...
@realDonaldTrump
YES! JOIN TRUMP, AS HE YET AGAIN  MAKES A FOOL+LAUGHINGSTOCK OF HIMSELF AND HE AGAIN DISPLAYS HIS STUPIDITY, IGNORANCE+LIES
I be going 
is thus the NAMBLA event?
Wow!  Nice place !

WATCH Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who has covered Donald Trump for 28 years spills bombshell facts about Trump 
you are amazing, you're a MACHINE! Keep it up! We need a President just like you!
I'm kidding of course. Get ready to get schlonged. #NeverTrump http://komonews.com/news/local/23-seattle-landlords-charged-with-housing-discrimination …
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/769897797319532544 …
WASHINGTON IS A BLUE STATE
I'VE NO HOPE HERE
ZILCH
BUT FEW BLACKS SO I LIKE
WHITEORANGE POWER
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/schedule/register/everett-wa/ … 
Can't wait to see you show your face in Western WA. Bring it! We love housing discrimination. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/28/us/politics/donald-trump-housing-race.html …
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/769897797319532544 …
I'LL BE DEDUCTING ALL EVENTS ON MY TAX RETURNS
LIKE ALL TAX RETURNS I'M TOO PUSSY TO RELEASE
WAAHH
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/schedule/register/everett-wa/ … 
Hell No!!!! 
Economy/jobs, safety/immigration, foreign policy. S-court selections. Benghazi, eMails, Foundation, Trust. USA 1st Again
Wash. is Dems., We are very opinionated. We are VERY multicultural, we are evenly spread out together-NO just white areas!
He'll cancel.
Most Evan.r white+racist trump's doing their will publicly will face God most those churches R ALL white
aWill you release your tax returns in Everett??? Will you???
 Is that the big siurprise??
I'm excited to see your rally Mr. Trump Everett will be Yuge!
Washington really dislikes you. Also: Boeing counts on int'l supply chains and foreign contracts! Hope you feel the burn!
hey when is the clown show coming to NJ?
