You're in violation of the emolument clause. Article1 Sec9 of Constitution says give up your company or face Impeachment!
@lionessmom76 @realDonaldTrump 
Oh honey, you're so cute thinking that he's even READ the constitution. Lol!
Sad, isn't it? I'm not even convinced he can read.
So true! His daddy probably gave him a small loan to buy off his teacher's in grade school.
you're just salty because you're not a billionaire
he could show them, the rest lie on theirs what difference?
do you want to remind your followers what you thought of the Electoral College before you benefited from? Such a hypocrite
ironic that you're handing out names like hypocrite after reading what Hillary said
that's right, she said that. And Trump said what he did. Her being a hypocrite doesn't give him absolution.
glad America didn't vote for a hypocrite
well they didn't vote for him. So yeah. We'll see if Electoral College makes that mistake
EC is a great thing. It keeps States like Kentucky and Ohio from becoming California and New York
we are one country. Not tribes. It destroys democracy
keep your side of the country where you are and I'll keep mine
what's truly horrifying is the prospect of the Russians tampering with our election so a week ignorant man would win #truth
Even our President has said this is not true Susan. Get your facts straight.
Show me your evidence.The FBI and CIA have both confirmed they hacked the DNC. It certainly had an affect.
They haven't confirmed anything. MSM articles report, without source or quotes they "believe"
some people see only what they want to see....Maybe you should actually consider this -
I'll consider proof if they've find any. This is just confirmation bias.
ya better lock her up

You're really worried about this, fascinating how insecure you are, knowing you lost the popular vote by 2.5 million...
she just lies. Your good Donald... Umm MR. PRES
GOOD
#Hypocrite Hillary  #Dealeitheit
HILLARY is respecting the results the horror came from the fact that YOU might not have, the PEOPLE have he right toprotest
Stop igniting division in our country. Be a leader. Help reestablish faith in our election system by supporting a recount!
Could we discuss the Russian collusion.
Yr a fool yr party is made up of fools if left up to yu and miss guided fools like u th USA will fail
Remember this lie?
ni caso
why can't a women run the United States give her a chance but you have no idea what you are even doing in the White house
#WeThePeople are with you #MAGA
DM
Which Person Would You Love To See In Prison?

Like - Hillary
RT   - Trump
is there such a thing a democracy
President Trump do as I do please!
It's time we clean the swamp starting w you.
Cornered, desperate animals behave predictably. The Arkansas grifters and the oligarchs they serve are desperate.  Beware.
is afraid... the little man is afraid of a recount, maybe because we will find out he rigged it?
Well she is beating You by over 2.2 million votes & still counting.."More votes equals a loss…revolution!— Donald J. Trump
so!
@chuddles11 please put Hillary & Bill in jail. Investigate #pizzagate & drain the swamp of #pedophiles #NoDAPL
Hillary's answer also by other candidates, news anchors talking about "our democracy". We AREN'T we're A REPUBLIC!!
I guess that is, unless, as you said, "it's rigged!"
no inauguration without taxes
*****PRESIDENT TRUMP!*****
That's before she heard Jill Stein mention the word MONEY.....

I called it yesterday. Manbaby can't stand he's been out of news cycle due to #Castros death. Donald Trump is dead!
Your tweet on delay:
having to go all the way back to 2012 for an example only shows desperation.
Hillary--you mean the woman who got 2.5m more votes than you?
PS Did I mention she's a woman?
PPS You got beaten by a girl.
Mitt is a bloodthirsty neocon! Total betrayal of Trump's #AmericaFirst pledge! #NeverRomney http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/11/forget-mitt-neverromney-for-secretary.html …
takes one to know one.
wtf are you talking about you crazy old man.
the Democrats did the same with Bush... every time they lose they demand a recount
or in this case orchestrate And pay for it
The facts of Putin's manipulation of the results will come out and you will go down.
Stop Tweeting for your own sake.
we love his tweets I hope he never stops tweeting
you have the thinnest skin
it's over Luntz grow up
Not necessary. The largest tech cos. teams are studying the election results, finding massive fraud
surprised @KWPlanoTX allows you to spread such nonsense as a real estate agent representing them. Time to do some fact checking.
http://pleasecutthecrap.com/obama-accomplishments/ … You spend your days in vengeful acts. Dear God, save us from you666!
Losing your humanity must seem funny to the ignorant.
You are ignorant!
this is you, this is your face, did you know that?
@DavidWGibson That was a planted question by the Clintons and Wallace obliged them
Suggested answer to your critics: Don't like me? Who cares. Speak again in 4 years.

Our government is NOT a democracy.
Kindly Play your Kind role to stop the Blood shed around the WORLD.
Hello kita Ho ke Ho raha ha
blame your buddy Putin...
Like beatg a dead horse?!?! FACT: he IS yr PEOTUS !!! Need2accept & Show some class & have a lil respect!
yes he is. I'll be fine either way but if Russia got him elected he belongs in jail.
not worried. Russia issue was mega media lie.Been debunked, proven false & verified.bottom line pls stop hate
Mr President-elect ignore her! This isn't going anywhere. Stay focused, agenda is great. Praying for you. @HillaryClinton
Who told you there was an agenda?
#First100Days
Yeah, lol.
I, for one, am so grateful that back in the election you alerted Americans that elections may be rigged.  Thank You!
yes, accepting results of a fair process but already 5k votes were found to be padded and the recount hasnt even happen yet
are you high. You said the election is rigged...sniff sniff. Cocaine abuse leads to paranoia and narcissism..see a doctor
USA have no democracy. When you in theory can win an election with 22% of the popular vote, your system is broken.
What are you hiding, Dumpster? Because we all know you're hiding something.
and p.s. your whining is incredibly annoying.
Like beatg a dead horse?!?! FACT: he IS yr PEOTUS !!! Need2accept & Show some class & have a lil respect!
Yer man is leading by example my fellow sophisticants.
@JaredWyand Mr. President- Until you dish out True Justice, They will continue terrorizing America! They do not heal! Or ?
you must be worried
Yeah, and we have REPUBLICANS who freely and without remorse use VOTE suppression as the only way they can win.
I seems there will recounts on all future election. Not a good thing. Sour Grapes
How does fear feel old man? A good salesman should always try their own product!
This is horrifying
why are you still talking ab Hillary if she is old news now ?
uauuuuu,d marreco bravo .........vc está s tornando 1 cisne,,,,,,,seja bom p seu povo.....
why are you still attacking Hillary? How about you behave like an adult and take your job responsibilities seriously?!
now, all of a sudden, you prefer our Constitution to Russia's. Makes me wonder!
#NotMyPresidentElect
you are running this country like a dictator
希拉里就是个老妖婆，赶紧把她投入监狱呀
what are you so worried about?
#CrookedDonald suddenly self righteous about integrity. HA! This is not government as usual. #Recount means reassurance.
she was answering your threat to sue.  Not everyone is as stupid as you hope.
about 54 days. Sir.
Never Romney.
LOCK HER UP 2 SHUT OBAMA UP! #americafirst #neverRomney #trumptrain #nra #KT #Castro #trudeau #nra #thisweek #neworleans
What? @realDonaldTrump
the qaaaaàaaaaq
please do something that would be useful ... try apologizing to all the Americans you insulted.
Are you worried you con artist?

Thou dost protest a bit too loudly. If server manipulation in Tennessee didn't occur, why worry
"wasting her time, America and world won lottery when she lost the election ".
your tweets don't sound very presidential. Is this what we have to look forward to for the next 4 yrs??
ignore the opposition. They are misguided liberals who can't exist without the conservative values of their parents
And then YOU SAID you would not concede if you thought the election was rigged. And before that you said to eliminate EC.
LOCK HER UP
Chris Wallace directed question about accepting result to wrong candidate
: 'I will totally accept' election results 'if I win'
go away.
Tweeting lies and conning people who believe in you is reprehensible. #realDeceit=Trump https://apple.news/AVu7vf5x1SjyWcg7Lrv3hgw …
Yes Donald..but you had a point, when you said the election was rigged. You may have been right!!
Baroe Ini (HiLLarry) KaLaoe Soedah Sehat Dan BerDiri ApaLagi BerLari. Soedah Main TaBrak TiBRik SaDjya RasaNjya.√
I. Ah.√
WE MUST PUT HILLARY IN JAIL.SHE MUS PAID FOR HER CRIMES.SHE WOULD NOT STOP SHE .SHE IS EVIL SHE IS A DANGER
Hillary opens her mouth, out comes a lie. Nothing has changed
#POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #LockHerUp #CommanderInChief #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
No more Mr. nice guy. The left is ruthless, dishonest, and dirty.  Trump won fairly. The country has spoken. Lead us Donald
ARE YOU SCARED OF AN AUDIT??? if the election was fair & honest, you shouldn't  be! Guess there's something you're hiding.



funny how that works..show 'em how it's done champ
says liar Trump who said if he lost it would be because the system was rigged. Trump is very dangerous to our health
so now the process isnt rigged?  Have you ever listened to yourself?  #notmypresident
Like you said, she is only talk and she has two positions one in private other in public, so everything she says is a lie.
Proves that she is a liar and will say whatever whenever just to win to serve her own agenda!
You're Seriously Mentally Ill & need to STEP DOWN NOW!
Our democracy also allows recounts.

It'd been HORRIFYING had CH managed to rig the election after rigging all the whole media! Poor Bernie--he got ''rigged''
damn. You were quiet for a day while feeding your chops over Thanksgiving...now you're back!
Poor writers such as the POTUS-elect said the election was rigged.  Time to check the rigging.
it is part of our process to challenge lying, cheating demagogues!  #WeAreNotRussia #AuditTheVote #Asshat
Democrat /Liberals are such poor losers!!
Shut up! We don't want a mickey mouse president!!!

HOLY CRAP! Mind-blowing that u r the president-elect & ur on Twitter rants,still!? Do U hv nothing better to do..seriously
fair is the word.Fair, not stolen or miscounted but fair
229 years
Fighting fire with fire#shegotthemost
you know. I thought there was nothing but politics in this recount. Your tantrum makes me think might be something to it.
this from the man that wouldn't have accepted the vote if he hadn't won. Hypocrite
DNC knew how much they would be cheating and didn't want anyone checking up on them
you whine and cry more than my three-year-old niece what are you 70 or two?
.@realDonaldTrump 
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
@GJerryGeorgatos THE ROMAN EMPIRE EXISTED FROM 27BC TO 284AD. IT ROTTED FROM WITHIN. SOLD TO HIGHEST BIDDER. SOUND FAMILIAR
Yes, but we still have the Vatican and the Anglo-American Empire. I trust Mr Trump to reorganize our broken system.
I am not sure if is reorganizing a broken system or just brokering it$$$$$
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEd2BDP6LoU …
Follow the Constitution 
Follow the Law 

http://c-span.org/video/?418322 -…
what about your answer the election was rigged? Not accepting results? Now you cry? Fuckin Baby
#resign
Accepting results assumed no foul play Now proof that there might have been all bets off #hypocrite #fraudster #putinpuppet
if u feared a rigged system u should have no fears in rechecking its accuracy. Right?
Oh it was rigged all right how many illegal immigrants voted for Hillary and Donald still won
uh. None. He was lying. Again.
I would think you have better things to do fat man.  Hopefully your cholestrol is so high you stroke out.  PIG PIG PIGGY
Who cares? Save ur rants for ur family. Citizens don't care. Grow up. #tweetlikepotus
@highgroundinfo1 another thing, due to this you have got to agree to investigate her fully.  You cannot pardon her.
what's horrifying is if we find out you cheated.
you kept saying the election is rigged well now We will find out
@AnonymousOneToo so #HRC is a liar. You already won, now what?
@nytimes @latimes We didn't have hackable computer voting 200 years ago.
Keep on trucking, Sir. You're on the right track - just ignore the left, but watch your back.
Americans need to stand up to liberals, and anarchy!!!  Trump is our PresidentRule of Lawretired Special Agent/veteran
I can't believe that our President elect has such  thin skin and is such a cry baby you are a disgrace to this country
I see Clinton & Soros  still paying them Troll they are about to be out of a Job, Mr President 
You were calling it rigged BEFORE the election. You were ready to create national turmoil just to save your petty pride.
you are very annoying
She can't even speak one sentence truthfully.  She disgusts me.
Stop your babbling and get back to #MAGA
Now he have time to release your taxes instead of crying over this #presidentreject
So? Grow up & try to show some professionalism & get tfo twitter. U sound like a 13 yr old mad cause u lost by 2 mil votes
Go to the hell.
Get some sleep. You are even more incoherent than usual.
we won't depate answers ...  I can't even believe your bringing that up
you are a petty, ridiculous person.
The "people spoke" (popular vote). U lost by 2M votes. U needed FBI@, Russians and electoral college #crookedTrump, Loser!
Clinton is still ahead 2 million in real votes.
It was horrid.
we should expect her to stab you in the back till her hand can't hold a knife.  Get FBI back to investigate her.
Democracy is also freedom of speech President Elect. I know that you both know and respect this fact.
democracy? Your taking that away from America. Robbing tax payers blind, putting it ur pocket. Making $ on being PE
Dinesh D'Souza's 'Hillary's America' is a must-see for everyone, esp. brainwashed #liberals. #Progressives are the problem.
What was your answer regarding the acceptance of election results Sir?!
