already knew that  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
think get a kick out of this.
I bet you are really excited after being booed last night. Have to say it had me laughing.@GeorgeTakei  were you laughing?
all of the Clinton voters are writing now during the day.. of course they don't work
@ninaaa4500_
.@realDonaldTrump You know this kind of tweet increases the credibility of fraud charges against you for Trump University, right?
@https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmEwt9BI9yE

gudoz

except for calling Hillary a NASTY WOMAN LOL
Poor Donald...
your delusions get funnier and yet more pathetic every day. #sadclown
keep going on!
Hillary will win
you better hope not
ARE YOU ABLE TO READ?

Don't get too cocky Mr. President.  That whole accept the election thing is a trap for you after the voter fraud bullshit.
That dinner was phenomenal, it reminded me of Farage in the EU parliament. Remember, they aren't laughing now.
they weren't just booing Donald, they were booing all us poor folk who love him
#delusional
-Could you please explain to me what world you're living in sir?
You did horrible in the final debate
He did horrible in all three debates.
"The media can't be trusted... unless they're saying good things about me, in which case it's totally true." 
#Doublethink
Hm  @realDonaldTrump
your joking, right?! If not, someone is pulling your leg.
TREMENDOUS! BIGLY! YOU KNOW IT! I KNOW IT! WEALL KNOW IT

what colour is the sky in your world...it must be a magical place.

Magical thinking, saying a thing doesn't make it http://true.You  were You lost bigly to ' the Nasty Women".
You wish. It doesn't work that way. 
Donald, you lost again.
Was there another debate I missed?
I'm proud to support you. Thank you for mentioning God at the dais. If we MAGA HE has to be the true leader. make it so.
Did you actually *watch* the debate?
yeah, when Hillary gave away America's nuclear protocol on live television, he is correct, she's a disaster
Hillary got the info from a donor on a committee the Clinton Foundation gave for money https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=7cQVWSHjULk …
Go away
says who?
18 more days until we grab you by the pussy and toss you back into your tanning bed! #TrumpCountdown @realDonaldTrump
classy
we must read very different newspapers and watch very different news shows, or else we are in different realities.
My bet is on the realities.
In that case, I hope @realDonaldTrump is elected @POTUS in his reality, so long as he shuts up and isn’t @POTUS in my reality.
you got your ass thoroughly kicked and by a woman
Nailed it when he muttered insults under his breath. Long tradition of debate winners doing so.
Very presidential! Learned if you are in doubt, get a mic and say, wrong, not true, nasty woman.
Sadly, with Trump, that seems to be the idea. A real president responds with tact in time.
.@realDonaldTrump So wait, is every poll saying you won or is the media biased? PICK A LANE PUSSY GRABBER!
Wait, are you saying the media voted in those polls?
CHINA! ISIS! SAD!
You really are a bot. Aren't you?
Nah but isn't it funny that talking like Trump makes me sound like one?
Israel army gets new ballistic missile interceptors
Yes they are and hopefully we can restore American Values. Thank you President Elect Trump...
Suddenly the system is not rigged anymore after you won!
rapist
this man is hilarious
what's going to happen with Rudy Giuliani… is he going to get the shaft
you won?   BWAHAHAHA!  Keeping a cool head for longer than 15 minutes is winning apparently.
Almost Unanimous. So not Unanimous then 
How was it like getting booed?
Probably the same as it was for #Hillary After she announced our nuclear response time the night before

lol. No.
the polls disagree
the polls are rigged.. Right?
depends on which websites your looking at. CNN sometimes
But not, y’know, Drudge. That one’s TOTALLY legit.
at least they are more trustworthy then CNN
CNN/ORC polls, which have open methodologies, are better than “click here” drudge polls?

lol.
Did you forget that the CNN mostly uses democrats for their polls?
no you didn't.
he didn't win lol
follow me if you support Hillary
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAH

(deep breath)

HAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHHA

So sad. But so funny.
your candidate is a joke and the whole world is laughing at you for being dumb enough to believe him. Cheers!
Some dumb NFL guy is talking about shit you don't know anything about, love socialism huh? lol
wrong

what universe are you living in? Hillary cleaned your clock
lol
You are a delusional loser, and I can't wait to see you crushed by Hilary. Nobody will remember you in four months.
GREAT Job, you brought up some DIFFICULT issues 4 @HillaryClinton 2 LIE THRU 

#TrumpPence16 
#DrainTheSwamp 
#MAGA 
#MASA
You da man !!
you must be reading the results backwards in the mirror. You're going to lose.
win the election and put the Clinton's out of our society
Which final debate was that, Donald? I must have been watching the other one.
@HillaryClinton   What??!! Donald, you need meds cuz you are truly detached from reality. Even in EU we know you lost!!
lmfao..you are so delusional
Mr. Trump, please consider a law that forbids a public official to campaign for another position while "on the clock".
WRONG!
wow talk about unrealistic
Hilly the Lying Robot vs. Trump the Honest Abe.
WRONG !!!!!
shut up
hahaha yeah right
well when u give the launch times it a slam dunk.
wtf are you looking at. You were awful, stop lying to the people. Just go away. #nevertrump
what results are you looking at? Are you wearing your glasses? 
I loved watching every minute.  Too bad debates aren't longer so we can watch #crooked_hillary seize up on stage.
unanimous among your supporters maybe.
Delusional is all I can say about you!
Congrats Mr Trump, your gonna be a Great President
If only your father had loved you. Loved you like he loved his job. Loved you like the time he spent away from you.
Wrong.
In your imagination, maybe. Out here in reality, 99.9% of every poll says you lost, and lost badly:
nobody won least of all us, the American public. SAD #BigLeagueTruth
what did you win, a bed in a mental hospital?  You are so delusional.  Please get help.

are you nuts
You funny.
right....
Never doubted it! She pivoted off on left field about every issue she was guilty of.
delusional as usual
Your joking right?
what universe are you living in
"Emperor Donald has no clothes!"
well maybe she would if it was a good photo opportunitie. All they want is to be in the white house again to milk us dry.
You won debate? Only in your demented mind get real or was that from Drudge sludge where you won 99% to 1% you poor fool
example of delusional...
Hahahaha, what a funny guy
were you actually there?
are you high? You lost by all accounts
can u really be that blind ?
no, you most certainly did not
LOL!!!!! Delusional much?
I'm working hard to make you president. God bless you & yours and stay safe!
#fiction
which polls are those? The ones in Moscow?
"Wrong."
"Almost" unanimous...?  heh heh heh.  Close - but no cigar.
Can you really  "win" a debate?  A debate is nothing but people voicing their opinions.
yes, you won 2nd place which is 1st place LOSER!
@MELANIATRUMP
debate Jill Stein

who keeps lying to you. Very sad.
you've said that every time. Hahahahaha
It's corrupt rigged system, WTF!?
Kick Their Asses
@HillaryClinton Not so fast Chump! Let's see how you feel on Nov 9th after you get your arse kicked by a girl! LOL
You are so ignorant
stop dreaming!!!

No! I won!

10 women lied, all the media is wrong, the election is fixed, HRC is liar. Your the bigger liar, bigot, racist, homophobic
you won? it must have been rigged.
please pay your workers
Uh, what results? Drudge? Are you serious?
Congrats, DT.
haha,ha, tee he, LMBIFHAO!
fuckn delusional Ambrae.
it is amazing to listen to her lies today and the idiots sitting there cheering for her. Who is more ignorant, her or them?
alt-right polls? Credible polls all show Hillary as very clear winner.
put down the alcohol and go to bed!! Your drunk tweeting again!!
Dream on!
IM PRAYING YOU DO!!!
Wrong!
You certainly are a "winner."
delusion must be such a comfortable place for you.
you are a joke....a joke...no one likes or respects you, you know it, I know it, everyone knows it.
deluded beyond belief; it would be funny if it wasn't so worrying
you always proclaim yourself a winner
over
go Trump!
we will take you all the way to the White House #DrainTheSwamp#CrookedHillary #HillaryForPrison#Heartlesshillarykillsbabies
no you did not. Please release your tax returns!
NO, you did not. You're living in a fantasy world!!!
Hillary wouldn't stop and piss on your grandmother if she was on fire, if it would make her late to pick up millions.

In your dreams.
Of course you won Don, your brilliant.
U are amazing, which planet are you living on?  Those phony polls you quote are not scientific, U lost again!!!
u must be using a stripper poll u lying, cheating, bigot, sexist, delusional, islamaphobic, groping, racist bad hombre
no ya didn't
I'm sorry, but you did not win. Also, using the term "hombre" like you did, really horrible.
you did!
STOP LYING!!
The connotations behind the prosodics of the exclamatory 'I WON!' shows his inability to demonstrate maturity and respect.
Inspirational! #voteclinton ps love the dp xxx
Piece of shit would-be-dictator Trump is a fascist who is the one who should have been disqualified from the presidency.
Where Str you getting your info?  Fox pretend news?

