congratulations #MrCapablePresident .No matter what people say.Capability count somewhere.
#PresidentialElection  #presidentoftheera #worldRevolution #WelcomePresidentTrump
you know Rach ... excellent let's c how he begin....love u people
frontier Corp will lay-off  1000 in December 2016.  Help stop this cycle and bring back stability.
I hate you
https://youtu.be/rLOp2yBhuTE 
@pennymccarthy19 know you must read self help books. Pumps you up but over top. Is there 1 Donald you can focus on?
@ywblite7 @realDonaldTrump @pennymccarthy19 sorry too many Donald's. Can't figure out which 1 shows up. Guess just need to read more. TAXES?
Please release the memo!! I have faith in you!  A picture of my house during your campaign, I replaced these banners 5 times as I live in VA across the street from the President of Roanoke College, we were hated but we stood firm.
@CKThriller13 Thats what Hitler said about Germany when coming in2 power. #Googleit #JustSayN
so I have no education and no job... #CADDesigner #UCFAlumni
If America is not great, it is because of people like you who worship money at the expense of humans.
So proud of you and I know you will make America Great Again! God Bless You!! Yahooooo!!!
you have lost it. Go home and get some sleep...
Druge Rep says Pres. Election decided by PM voters; get out vote for DJT & give him the boost he needs to get over the top!
Make America Great by voting for Hillary Rodham Clinton!        Trump = Chaos and conflict.
Which great did you mean?You mean the times when you could shoot indigenous people and lynch blacks?
what's the difference between Adolf Hitler and Donald Trump? Hitler wasn't a misoginist!
You are so wrong about Choice and you need to talk to those of us that will tell you the truth.
GREAT JOB MR. TRUMP!!!
ACCEPTANCE = INVITATION FOR RIGGING. GOOD MAN!!
what points!? I have no CLUE what you stand for! What your plans are...
raise the minimum wage for retail workers to 15 dollars an hour.#they should also pay for all the uniforms for employees!!!
what era are you referring to as "great" that we need to be again?
if you become president America will go in the toilet. And you'll follow.
Can't wait @realDonaldTrump President to fire @donlemon  CNN bias
yes her smile creeps me out its like an evil joker voting for you my man
if you make having sex with 13 year old legal we're going to have a problem here
CT lost 5,200 jobs in September. It may be worth your while to hold a rally here.
I took great please in voting early yesterday. Who did I vote for ? I'll keep you in suspence, you morally empty, windbag
lets do it
Hey are u supporting increased ssi? I am ask u
. I seriously dont understand why the walls not built yet. When it is built and she is in jail this will be a better place.
America has ALWAYS been great!! #NeverTrump
@MissKTrotman Trump uses the imperative present aspect "make" in the emphatic phrase to position himself above the audience
Point 1: Bad Hombres. Point 2: Nasty Woman. Yep, you covered them.
@HillaryClinton
Meow...ah NO
you sayn the same shit over & over #fakehairmf
they've promoted white hate for every other race in this country. Now the country hate there ass. They did it to there self
the republicans are getting just what they've promoted  for years segregation. It's not the media its the republican party
what Hilary has in store for all our precious children!
#Trumpbusiness is 19/100 (30+ pts below natl avg; very likely to default; medium-to-high risk) #Nav
do you realize that you basically the same slogan as Hitler? Coincidence I don't think so.
--------->  CrookedHillary is a disgrace.
you have a point? Like...an actual valid point??
not all. I expected more. She pivoted lots and you helped her dodge some baits.
your best point is on top of your head..start working on your concession speech...if your man enuff to admit lady beat u...
Sam Clovis needs to meet with us about education.  You are being misled.
You are being ill advised on education.  The very people that created this mess are selling you the same lies they sold us.
talk 2 those of us that hv been fighting education reform about what is really going on.  CHOICE is not what you think.
Choice they are selling is totally the opposite.   What we end up with is no choice and no elected school boards.
You don't #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, you #MakeAmericaWhiteAgain
why are you allowed to run with a #third grade reading level?
Trump got destroyed by Hillary in the last debate. You are a child, and all who support him are deplorable people
Does that mean you will give up your paltry charade?  Only way the US will be great again.
Good points indeed, but only if one is delusional like you.
With you around the world is always darker nastier, filled with filth and hate. You are a self absorbed waste.
Never give up. Don't let the corrupt media get the better of you.
go back to doing business. Oh wait. You're really bad at that too.
especially fun where the moments when you come unhinged and appear completely batshit crazy #winning
What? What are you snorting?
You spelled "grate" wrong.
it would've been great if you brought up Benghazi
That's easy since you have so few.
@DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @seanhannity @AnnCoulter GIVE RELIGIOUS ORGS FULLY "PROTECTED STATUS" THANK YOU!!!  MAGA!
President TRUMP 2016 !!!!
how can u make America Great? You married a woman in her 20s. We can't have a golddigger as a 1st lady. That sends bad msg.
U made a fool of yourself, made a mockery of a prestigious event & embarrassed a Cardinal.  NY society will get revenge!
when ur only point was "I don't agree
you need to bring up the Clinton cash when she blames u for being friends with the Russians
@NYDailyNews got it right Donald — liar, thief, bully, hypocrite, sexual victimizer and unhinged, self-adoring demagogue.
you don't know what you are doing & America is already great. Believe in it. #TellAmericaItsGreat
get a clue you will never make america great ever. You are an embarrassment to this country. You deserve to be locked up!!!
#earlyvoting RayRoad early voting site Clinton signs up NO Trump signs
#earlyvoting 1 1/2 HR wait in Raleigh!  Trumpets on the move!
North Carolina Wake GOP tells us Trump|Pence signs are disappearing

you are living in another world. You were boo'd.
....Summary of this election... Hillary wants to make a name( first female president),Trump wants to make a difference!
DT, U'R getting crazier by the day.  U'D rather try & destroy America rather than admit U'R being beaten down by a Woman
TRUMP PLUNGES IN THE POLLS AS  TRUMP RETURNS  HOWARD STERN TO OOGLE AT 15 YEAR OLD NAKED GIRLS."TRUMP THE ULTIMATE PERVERT
Going off on #MichelleObama  will not work out for you!
No intelligent comeback on any of Hillary's points.
Lost tons of independent voters, catholics. So smart, Donnie.
8 of 10 Alternative News Channel support Trump.
do you make all of them, Bigly, hombre?
sniff
@USPatriot4Trump Trump all the way. 100 percent Donald Trump.
Whether ornot you accept your loss does not matter. You lose. It's not rigged. #neverwasacoolkid
#trumpclowncar
#December16

ya you did!!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
@Lookinabout we are under a ddos attack!
Make America great again by leaving America
I'm watching u now. That's what I'm saying stay on point all the way2 the end don't stop get your Family out strength in #'
you will make America horrible 
getti getti nu wanti an wanti wanti nu getti!!! As my wise old  grandmother used to say!! @Hillary4Pres @POTUS @FLOTUS !!!!
Thank you for covering the babiesMay God Bless you in all you are trying to do for America
not really!  #I'mwithher
Make America great again. Dump Trump.
America is great without you... you kind of dirty it up a little
checked out early voting today in my state, been voting for decades, never saw so many white men without gray hair voting
no
Hillary Clinton cannot become president. She is a liar, a murderer, and a thief, just to name a few. Please save us Trump!
your theme song

carrots and sticks for a long time. this time carrot for election? U give 'War End' and gain Asian-Am Vote.
Clinton is the biggest world's evil. http://operline.ru/content/v-mire/mnenie-mistrali-za-1-dollar-ssha.html …

They met! Hillary want to gain time? Plz, support 'the End of the Korean War'  http://mn.kbs.co.kr/mobile/news/view.do?ncd=3365487 …
Trump the words of a Great Catholic  President #iamwithher
please drop out.
#winning
America is already great! You've never indicated when America Stopped being great! When do you want to restore us back to?
I voted for you now come on take down Hillary Killery. I can't stand to watch or hear bobble head
@EricLo 
MADE A FOOL OF YOURSELF but
spot on Donald Democrats have been stealing elections for years.
Stellar! If there was a serial killer on the loose, nobody would care where THE tip came from - even if it was Russia
why the president is so over to help Hillary win. He and his wife should be separating from this. She most be afraid.
lol ancharist.
and why did Michelle say my kids are eating shifty lunches  at school because  of us
and when GBUSH ran the first time flo. Was won by Rep then then all at once they took it off tv and the ballet  were bad
I watch the debate  hilly never answered the question  about  Bill  Clinton no one said anything  about  her a voiding it
You're going to be crushed. She will win in a landslide.  You're done.
Surely,Mr DonaldTrump is the winner of Nov 8 presidential elections. God bless you
I have a brand new policy for you. Will boost your polls. Need to know how get it to your campaign manager. urgent!!!
you will lose
@KellyannePolls Do another family town hall Anderson C said it was 1 of ur best moments of campaign Shows other side of u!
@KellyannePolls Good idea to get out of ur rallies and do small visits to diners, churches, fairs...candidate of the people
Keep talking 6 billion lost at State Dept. People relate to Washington wasting $$. Say it over & over.   Terrible!
#MAGA #ChristiansVoteTrump #WomenWhoVoteTrump
#imwithher
No more "Pivots" from any politician. Answer the Questions YES or NO.  Accountability to The PEOPLE! Prosecute liars.
Come on Mr. Trump..you've got to win and take down that person!!!!!!
.@realDonaldTrump Hat on left promotes hate&bigotry;hat on the right demotes you #MakeAmericaBetter:Be a HAT not a HATer! #HumanAgainstTrump
不到最後一刻。永不放棄。

If that's ALL your points, Groper, you've NONE!
@realDonaldTrump: That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"
you have no grace.  #soreloser

nice try sir, unfortunately u came up woefully short as between your ears and in I'm sure in your pants hombre'!!! Thanks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uBUd8m7i5A …
And each point was pure, unadulterated #Bullshit.
Trump's grandfather was a pimp and tax evader; his father a member of the KKK. You mean like in the good ole days?

Point 1. Outrage American citizens. Point2. Show how little I know about the issues. Point 3. Get the crowd to boo me. Lose
Make America kind again!
the debate is like alien vs predator no matter who wins we loose I fear for the future of this country headed for apoc
Stop it cry baby stop whining your LOSING
Get ur TRUMP BLACK CARD (100.00-35.00)RUNNING LOW, go ONLINE NOWCOLLECTOR CARD AS SN AS TRUMP&WE WIN AMERICATRUMP
bye bye cry baby! You are done! #trumpistoast
you lost the debate...loser
Cringe. You don't know how to behave in public, Donald. You don't just cross the line, you stomp over it and keep on going
you are seriously delusional do you and Melania practise who had the creepier squint / glare ?!
and what great points they were donald
you will never fit in with that class of people. You don't make political points @ charity http://dinner.You  are crass & low brow
you weren't supposed to make points it was supposed to be lighthearted.  It was a charity dinner u were booed you know






America never stopped being great!
yeah you were great and we  u BUT YOU gotta concede if u lose. #americanway
Affirmation Day! Support the Constitution! Make America Great Again!
You performed VERY well under excruciating pressure. So happy and so relieved it's over!
cornyn supports trump who hates women. What does that say about cornyn?
When you tell your supporters to monitor activity at polls, remember the consequences.  http://mindy-fischer-writer.com/2016/10/rnc-warns-repubs-not-poll-watch-citing-important-court-decree/ …
THANK YOU for ensuring ONLY LEGAL votes count! NEVER CONCEDE you should win honestly after the fraudulent votes are gone
how that was a roast and you can't hold a adult conversation with no adults
so Cruz and Cornyn support trump who supports Putin so that means C & C support Putin. Not good.
@cynthiagault Here are the naked pictures of Trumps wife that the evangelicals really want to see:
you are disgrace rep to the Republicans even if they fail to admit it. You don't respect others opinions..
