Aren't you the shitbird who attacked the Pope?
As if the Vatican wasn't corrupt!
So Trump is, indeed, the anti-Catholic candidate in the race. Thanks for confirming that.
Democrat Officials disagree with that. They bashed Christianity over and over.
Who attacked the Pope again? #Trump
Tim Graham: Mainstream Media wants to see Trump destroyed and they want to destroy him now.
What part of Moscow do you live in, tovarish? All your other tweets are SO pro-Russia.
DonTheCon, we are still waiting for the proof Pence said you would produce in just a few hours. Got Pence lying for you now
Apparently 15 accused Trump of assault, oh wait it's 10 Right. NÔ actually it's 7. Mainstream Media are confused
No one who sincerely follows Jesus would ever follow you
Jiunalists would never say maybe 15 or 10.
Yeah, nevermind that her running mate is Catholic. @realDonaldTrump
Democrats insults Christians and they don't bother appologize.
is absolutely nothing compared to what they are saying about you.
Trump is innocent. Everybody knows.
not much about Clinton Crime Family
You need to see a bit of history 1994 documentary:
. That needs to be shown world wide.  Probably wouldn't live long enough to tell
you are catching on...it is very sad, really.
Why are you yelling? Because nobody is listening, that's why.
So you are not going to respond to allegations of sexual assault against you? So I guess that means you did it.
#DOOFUSDONALD they have said A LOT and they have said it wrong.. it wasn't anti-catholic it was anti-MURDOCH!
you're an orange groper. Stop talking and go away
you are my favorite Bond villain, Octopussy.  You're immoral, have no religious bearing and you love Putin

Delete your Campaign !
delete your account #nevertrump
#DonaldNeedsHelp #SexistDon #TicTacDon @HillaryClinton 

Keep your hands off my daughter!
This is your website, not a reliable source Donald! Now how about this? #JefferyEpstein
nice try.
I was shocked. I was deeply offended to say the least
we need know the libeRats dirty game don't fall for their game they are the DEVIL
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: 
http://bit.ly/2dcbtvkCrooked 
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: 
http://bit.ly/2dcbtvkCrooked 
- I'm a Catholic, and have no doubt it is YOU that is the bigot in this election.

Go away.  Far, far away.  Russia maybe.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: 
http://bit.ly/2dcbtvkCrooked 
Bigot!!!!!
You brag about donating after 9/11, but never did. What have you ever done for anybody? http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/nyc-audit-finds-donald-trump-donations-911-months/story …
And you're an egg avatar with zero followers. Why are you here?
"I'm upset you." Yes, I'm upset that people who can't form a coherent sentence get to vote.
It's "even AN idiot"....
Your internal polling must be pretty awful if this is the best campaign argument you have left.  Sad.
Spin Dr and others should look at Wikileaks and the assassination of Justice Scalia. Ppl need to ask important ?s
Who assassinated Scalia and where is the evidence? Thank you.
SHE COULDN'T PROTECT 4 PEOPLE IN LIBYA BUT WANTS TO PROTECT 350 MILLION OF US?
Oh, give it up Donald.
need to run soundbites at rallies on Obama's bashing Hillary,  on how bad she is. Do these at rallies. Rallies, Rallies. ..
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: 
http://bit.ly/2dcbtvkCrooked 
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: 
http://bit.ly/2dcbtvkCrooked 
May I remind you @realDonaldTrump you insulted @Pontifex and that YOU are NOT catholic?
can I grab Melania right in her Mary Magdalene?
Women live in fear and disgust!
Because women are weak? Is that why?
That's almost as insulting as the way Trump talks of women!
Look at these facts, all of them and think:
Spoken by one of Trumps uneducated female followers.
Might take another look at polls. Most are females uneducated
I see why you have one follower. She went to Yale Law 1969-1973. Research son
No, it's because you talk silly while trying to be funny.

Obama just went on a Rally rant 99% of what he said was jive and twisted view. I pray to God people don't fall for that!
@TexasBlue45 @FixUSANow @army1man1 
The stories u guy or gays put out is so unbelievable it's comedy.
Easy a child should have a chance once grown they should know better moron!
@jaketapper #MAGA
The media just sucks!


You are with a loser. He's losing bigly.
Good luck with that crap. I mean after all Trump had virtually 0% chance of winning nomination...
it's your right, you can go down with the sinking ship if you like. Should be trying to save the senate.
Good try AGA. I'm a successful businessman with 3 businesses for 30+ years. Feel better?

Donald: As the world watches,  amazed, you've dragged U.S. politics into the gutter, and become  a slow-motion train wreck
This was true history from 1994, watch all:
twitter a/c of Hillary critic JamesO Keefe blocked cos he had 2 undercover videos wher she vows executive action on guns!
I am a Canadian citizen I watch Fox and CNN  I do not hear much about our prime Minister about North Korea  are we going to be there to help
After you lose on Nov.8th You will suffer the greatest misfortune, history will recall you as Piece of you are. #ImWithHer
you should have done this back in 1994:  watch this documentary:
Why in the world would I waste my time watching this ? Is Bill Clinton running for president ?
Hillary plans to appoint Bill to the United Nations, together they will rule...
Yes cause you know what she's doing? #AmiRite  Stupid how about getting a clue. Just another fake account for trump
They are saying a lot on Twitter and Facebook.And,instagram,about fraud and Catholics
Can't get to link. Said it is now unavailable.
Wow I love the InfoWars-level delusional "thinking" on display. Desperation!
1994 Investigation:
Ooh I bet that's just FULL of "facts"! btw Bill isn't on the ballot. Desperation - lovin' it!
Hillary is on the ballot:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZMwVBa_WPE …
I'm Catholic and voting Hillary. Suck it, Don.
A Catholic could not support a man like Trump. He doesn't know how to love and respect people.
And u think Clinton does? She hates Christians periiod.
I don't think so and I have no idea why you would make this assertion. You know her well?

Did great on second & third debate! Loved UR Gettysburg Address. Very concise & to the point!
Don't you have a Miss Teen America dressing room to barge into "because you can", creep? @realDonaldTrump
Hmmm

SCOOP: Former Miss Universe Manager Slams Media Accusations, 'Trump was always a Gentleman' 
@JackPosobiec no relevance whatsoever - at absolute best it's a character reference
mnnn wonder what the going rate is for that kind of endorsement? #bribed #paidfor
Well she may be making the claim honestly but it certainly doesn't carry and weight unless she 1/2
shadowed Trump everywhere he went for several years 2/2
true just because she didn't experience it doesn't mean others didn't. Or she was paid lol!
Of course they aren't saying anything about that SLUG HILLARY CLINTON. She BELONGS in Leavenworth She BELONGS n Leavenworth
get back to the issues of security trade and the economy and you will win. Push aside all these allegations
Hillary joining green party recount? Time for reconsidering the special prosecutor. Send a message
YOU INSULTED THE POPE!
The pope tried to slander him with a hypocritical statment about not building walls the vatican is surrounded by walls
you should look up the definition of the word “slander” and ps. usa is better than the vatican at this.
Deride would have probably have been a more appropriate word to use there, btw you have a real gift for nitpicking
yes, i believe nuance matters when picking the leader of the free world.
Vote tRump?
 @realDonaldTrump
You need another part of history:

Donald trump is anti-America
REGISTERED! AND NOT VOTING FOR YOU EVER!!!
Please aprise yourself from the facts in this 1994 documentary:
please "apprise" yourself of the fact that bill is not running for president. @realDonaldTrump
Do you think for one minute that the Clinton machine doesn’t exist? They are a team.
Hey, your husband does bad things, I"ll make sure YOU answer for them. OK? BC you don't have a mind of your own I guess.
Hannity is spilling EVERYTHING! Where are ABC,NBC,CBS, CNN? Up HRC's butt thats where. #thingstheydontwantyoutoknow

Democrats prepared fake Trump "grope under the meeting table" Craigslist employment advertisement in May 2016 https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12803 … 
proof that  a Hillary campaign will not be tolerant of christian and catholic beliefs.
come on man
Lame. No one believes ur lies any more
you've got nothing
All caps, really? You need to get better at this internet thing.
They are saying "Trump is a serial sexual predator!" Pretty effective if you ask me.
you like the blonds, don't you? I see trend here.
the silent majority will rule
Crooked HRC has said everything about every group: Catholics, needy Latinos, stupid democratic voters, ever Super Predators
Typical democrat
I am for Donald Trump all the way as this country needs change in a serious way or we're going to war with Russia.HRC LIAR
Pence tried to pressure the local Catholic church to not help Syrian refugees.
she is the antichrist
Watch out last debate. She's going to try to say you should be in prison because of all this. Say, I agree if it were true.
NOTHING. WHY ARE YOU USING CAPS?? ARE YOU A FIVE YEAR OLD? Oh that's right, you are a #manbaby
@megynkelly @KellyannePolls @maddow @CNNPolitics Donald; you are toast. Wednesday night will be so much fun to see you fry!
#Hillaryhiding
Bring as many of her horrible acts to light as possible and how the media doesn't care what she did!

Vote Trump for king!
Send your Catholic friends and surrogates to the news shows!
SO MUCH BETTER WHEN YOU TALK ISSUES & YOUR POLICIES & HOW MUCH BETTER THAN HRC'S. LEAVE SEX ACCUSER DEBUNKS TO SURROGATES 
I am Catholic and offended beyond words.
grab this pussy #pussygrabber
... let me tune into CNN and find out LOL...
how long will it be until Melania packs her bags? I'm thinking it'll be just a matter of time...
She wants people to bow down to her, to believe what she says. She wants to be the all powerful wizard of America. "NOT"!
What about your bigotry toward virtually everyone? #sexpredator #youbelonginjailnother
what about  what They are saying about you and the way you talking about women.
them to come up with something on anti-Catholic stuff. We all no you are a Bigot are you hate
Here are the naked pictures of Trumps wife that the evangelical Christians really want to see:
where is your proof?
Nothing, buy an hour on every network and tell them what your agenda is and that they will never hear bad news on HRC
stick to yoir policies get out of the muck you have to win NEVER HILLARY that would =death
A president represents all peoples.  They do not pick and choose who to represent.  Very sad.
u need2worry about ur's, STOP attacks on ur accusers, we want to kw y u keep this up? attack her on the wikileaks read them
" You're fired!"
Devout Catholics don't like her.   @realDonaldTrump
Have you heard that only racists and bigots like your racist and bigoted campaign.
please quit even addressing these women. Move on and talk about the issues and her emails. You got to,
#ignorantrump
can't wait for nov 8. U will pay for ur sexual predatory behavior.
@HillaryClinton dismisses everybody as beneath her..
ALL contemptible in her sight save as voters..
Blown away.
Well, speaking of Catholics, the Exorcist is being called to Trump Rallies.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JKnjHx0cTLk … watch min26:27 to 29:30 great stuff
Alwats trying to insult women's looks take a look in the mirror you're and old ass ugly fuck, that's why Nancy rejected
you need to go to confession! Trumpig!
Yes, there's your winning angle, Donald. Go for the aggrieved Catholic demographic. That's sure to put you over the top.
You're no Saint but Hillary is far worse for America!  We need to protect Religious freedom, SCOTUS, gun rights, & borders!
You hired the publisher of the infamously anti-Catholic Breitbart as CEO of yr campaign! You & your pal HRC are both bigots
please this country needs you, stick to her emails,no real policy plans. And her lack of leadership
HAHAHA!! Good try at deflection - but you can't unsay the words to Billy Bush and we can't un-hear or forget them.
That's because religion is stupid. Right!? Like the muslims we should ban!
oooooooooo, all caps.  You must really mean business.  The key to being presidential is the caps lock.  Brilliant.
Hillary wants to boycott Catholics, and stop them from immigrating.
Socialists stick together, but what does socialist pope think of her hateful view? Church is in way of their total control.
, stop it. We know what you are. Hillary Clinton will be the next president of the United States.
Not a lot. However someone sugrested that you do an Ellen Dgene... show. .HRC just didone. Thry say it might help w/women!!
I apologise - cannot write anything meaningful in 140#.Dr. Dobson's speech was good.Have you ever met Dr. Ravi Zachrias?

not anti- Catholic & they didn't work for campaign at the time.Both are Catholic.We can talk about ourselves! Next ...
Roll green when you get neg air time! Pipelines and clean fuels. Take advantage of it! And HRC's nuke deals with RU comp
You don't have the Catholic vote.  You aren't going to get it now. They know you don't & have never cared.
The McCarran Act is a law passed to stop the ruling party from abusing government to punish political dissenters.
it's a conspiracy !! #shameful
We know, plz, STOP this back and forth mudslinging.  Focus on issues you are going to address, not who is lying. We know!
Dems seem more bigoted than anyone else in America. They think denying it is actually convincing us.  WRONG
@seanhannity the integrity of Public Office is forever lost. It's a blood sport, lies, open game. Sickening
your right trump on a perpetual period it is bloody
I can't wait to see 20/20 covering the Clinton Crime Family, and all the Crimes and murders.
if dreams would come true they would be covering u murder see u in hell bring golf clubs .
.  your an idiot and a special kind of Stupid
thanks Martin coming from a trump zombie I'm flattered
Ephesians 6:12 “…we fight against the powers of this dark world…” People just don’t see how evil these people are.
where are those damned tax returns?
.   NOTHING!  Catholics, it's in the numbers.    Be proud  VOTE TRUMP!
and u ripped on the Pope, Don the Con.
What new world are they trying to build?  HRC Email talk of "seeding the public to implode Christianity".
God Help Us All
stop with the crooked!!! We know!!! Be presidential for God's sake
I hope the horror at what you have said and done (and the hate you have whipped up) haunts you for years to come.
nothing, because its all about you, cause nobody likes you but pastys.. go away.
@scotthwk62 @mike_pence TRUMP GET BACK TO ISSUES-WIN THIS ELECTION-NO MORE ABOUT THE WOMEN-THATS THE PAST THIS IS THE NOW

I beg u Trump and your team to boycott all all all mainstream media....put them out of business or buy them out.
Woah bud, maybe chill on the caps-lock. Little bit uncouth, not gonna lie.
Let the surrogates fight the gossip/We need Uhttp://video.foxnews.com/v/5170156605001/huckabee-
send ur team of attorneys for liable and slander#sickum
and you're anti smart 
No one is saying a thing.  They know you're full of it!
☛☛What They Are Saying About Clinton Campaign's ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY
IT'S IMPORTANT THAT WE ALL ARE THE VOICE 4 TRUMP.. GET THESE ISSUES OUT via SOCIAL MEDIA,
BUT to tell these Libreal idiots that is fruitless... they refuse to see what's going on.. so we look other way
WASPS suck.
grouper
Kaine is Catholic.
maybe the Kennedy name ( as it pertains to womanizer behavior) needs to be dropped more
Russia is coming for their money soon Donald. And you are wrecking your brand. Losing the election. #deathspiral
.@realDonaldTrump https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLOp2yBhuTE&feature=youtu.be …
orders all his #TrumpNazis to attack any sign of Democracy in US#Drumpf is illegitimate Sex Criminal channeling Septic Tank
the Clinton Clan is much like any group of treasonous traitors that have attack our freedoms many times B4 be Warned
I'm Catholic and a #WomenAgainstTrump
~ Don't get dragged in. Stay on the topics of paying down debt, jobs, law, and being the businessman we need in office.
what was actually said?
The Press Buries Hillary Clinton’s Sins, WSJ read it,USE IT
Catholics are forgiving like our God!
Are u getting ready Brat Boy Trump. Your web of womanizing is starting.
Trump's groping is Deplorable!  Write in Mike Pence for President 2016!
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/10/wikileaks-clinton-camp-posting-fake-sexist-trump-job-ads-craigslist/ …
what a load of crap.
Yea your from KKK member Fred trump they're so supportive of Catholics. The Pope is pro refugee.ur anti
Only bigot here is u. U r not "prolife/prochoice" when u incite "hang her up".Not even human. Do u know church/charity?
instead of defending own up and move on, u were a private citizen and not on public payroll - more u defend more problems
was Clinton even on that email? Let's talk about all the things Steve Bannon has said.
you've won the hearts of decent God fearing true Americans God be with you, & I know He is He loves truth. Family loves you
NORMAL PEOPLE DEFINITELY TYPE IN CAPS LOCK
All the excess spending congress does, taking social security monies, etc for underground projects, torture research etc
probably the same thing being about your overall bigotry!
stop this! Stick to policies and politics. U r feeding right into their hands. I thought u were smarter 
she says N word.  dumb Jew bastard, taco eaters, Cath/Ev ENOUGH SHE'S PSYCHOTIC!  DOLLY KLYLE BOOK HILLARY THE OTHER WOMAN!
HRC appears to have made the determination that her beliefs are more meaningful than Catholicism. Absurdity.
please stop fight back and start taking the fight to the Clinton's or is this all a scam for you to start a TV network
You must be firm. We know how media plays with the government. There is not longer Ethic in journalists profession. MAGA!
Hunker down, beat her at her game.  Stick to her demons, that is the golden ticket!
