What exactly makes liberals think they are entitled to another persons hard earned money??
Why do you follow a man you don't like?
You ridiculous, petulant, immature, mentally sub-normal manchild....
Trump would prefer to communicate byTwitter and video releases. That would allow serious editing & retractions.
He cant or won't show his face, he's a coward! I'm so proud of the @nytimes Thank You for Your AWESOME reporting!
Trump didnt  go because he's  man enough not 2 care what U yayloos think & he won't be manipulated by the press. Check see where ur head is.
He's Man enough? .. HILARIOUS  I can see where you head is, and it's way up HIS ASS!! ..
They weren't nice to me! Waaaaaugh!!!
neither are you
What happened? Did they decide  you won't be on the cover?
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH RIDICOLOUS
You Lie
#whinylittlebitch
give them hell
https://trumpfollow.com/ 
Well done Mr.President .Media should be shown their places
if you continue to alienate the media such as the @nytimes how do you think they will report on your presidency?
The NY Times have led a vile smearing campaign against the President elect... their propaganda was despicable.
They NYT should not meet you off the record. Their job is to watch you, not get cosy.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes needs to get in line. @WSJ is so much better of a publication when it comes to politics and business anyway.
As pres you're REALLY going to need to get used to people not being nice to you.  #thinskinned
please save kanye west..
They're not used to alpha male's
Great example for all our adversaries; The United States is NOW led by a STRONG, SELF RESPECTING, MAN of his WORD!
saying somethings failing because youre butt hurt doesnt qualify as true.
Hold their feet to the fire.
They guessed you were going to beat them down.  Plus, they're still puzzled how you beat them.
This guy really is a child...  He's never grown up!!!  A VICTIM OF CHILD ABUSE, MAYBE???
Remember, you're #PresidentElectTrump now. Presidents don't whine.
It is nice !
oh my God
Good.  We don't need them!  Too much negativity.
don't you have better priorities?
peace, we need peace, please Carlos Slim
do most people just copy and paste pre prepared tweets? How the hell can someone respond so quickly
You mean they would ask you like actual questions that you would have to answer in paragraphs not tweets?
Afraid of something? 
Your dude chickened out of a meeting with a newspaper.
But it's Trump who is throwing hissy fits, not liberals. You need new memes.
our next president tweets like a 4th grader. #WASproudtobeanamerican
No one reads that over sized paper anymore #NYtimes way over rated #independentmedia
Well Donald probably can't read those papers because of his #tinyhands
hard to read small print and pages are 2 ft long #Mainstreammedia #propaganda
easily solved by getting the nytimes phone app 
Did they refuse to give you the questions in advance?
Only Hillary Clinton has gotten questions in advance. Multiple times.
I think people hoped you'd become less pathetic when you got elected, not more so.
so, calling someone "pathetic" is your solution, @danielsamuels?  Sad.
he's right though. Why on earth does he man conduct his issues through twitter? It's juvenile.
it's about getting your message out quickly.  Some like it-it's how he spread the word & won!
You don't get to dictate how the press covers you. Grow up.
Poor baby. I guess it's time for another installment of president-elects tweeting insulting things.
What is wrong with you, @kevinLevin ? Sore loser?  Say something nice, or not at all!
It's the fucking president elect. When he throws tantrums on twitter, he's not entitled to kid gloves
I think any time someone uses the F word in a sentence, they are throwing a tantrum.
No, just incredulous that the president elect is acting like this on social media. Keep distorting though. Good look.
I love all the remarks calling President Trump a crybaby, coming from the crybabies
big deal, what do you want, a fucking cookie?
He's DOXing people that donated to Trump. Needs to be reported. @Hereward_W @EveryTrumpDonor @realDonaldTrump
I reported the tweet. Hope everyone else does, this is BS
Check out @EveryDemDonor and @EveryGOPDonor too... Lol.
3 wrongs certainly don't make a right, unless it's common core 
Yeah... Common core products don't even know what public information is.
if you're trying to be a smart alec,,won't happen here, I went to private schools & college , so 1/2
OMG WATCH: White Supremacists Nazi salute President-elect @realDonaldTrump. "Hail Trump!”
YOU=NOT NICE #Tarzanunderstand?
no they weren't heaux
Pres DT R calls 4 U drop tweeting. WE say no. Media biased. Like 2 have truth. As Roosevelt fireside chats. Enables the ppl 2 feel close 2 U
Coward
Terms & conditions of the meeting! surely journalist asks question, @POTUS answers as truthfully as poss?
Oh FFS Drumph showing that mentally he's about 6.
Let them eat cake!
Mr. President, you have to be aware of very few Ppl. are honest today, the envy and hate they feel is superb, they'll never be honest.
The Truth = Quality content 24/7. Viva Le NYT!
Isn't he lovely? He's a ten! 
Right - needs to be on DJT terms. That's the least!
yes, bow down to the monarch
As president you'll have to deal with many who are "not nice" and even unfair. You sure you'll be able to handle this job?
why do you always say failing wtf dude
Could someone from your organization explain the role of free press to you? Your tweets about @nytimes are foolish.
and that"s what "free" means. He doesn't HAVE to do anything!  The president elect can do whatever!
Yes! Whatever! Like Putin! And Erdogan! And Kim! Hurrah for democracy! @MaryAnnReilly @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
Good waste if time.
Disappointed that we can’t ask questions today @realDonaldTrump. But as you know, it wasn’t us who wanted changes. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/us/politics/donald-trump-transition.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=a-lede-package-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0 …
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
looks like NYT will be increasingly shut out of reporting on the presidency. Kinda taking your adversarial role a little far.
Are you serious?
absolutely serious. Media outlets have generally been given differential access based on relationships with subject.
An adversarial relationship tween press and government is what our country relies on. You should be used to it by now.
did you read Podesta Wikileaks? Media has craven relationships w/ those of same ideological bent. Harwood the bootlicker.
U don't think some people play the media and some media curry favor? Of course. How does that delegitimize all media?
NYT is delegitimizing itself. See @spaydl
Readers to NYT:  listen to us http://nyti.ms/2eRT9Jl 
Probably best to remember that @nytimes doesn't need to make a deal with you. They work for the American people.
they work for the American people? Now that's funny.
- Time for a new FCC Chairperson to drain the media swamp
sorry man, the 1st amendment means Trump can't shut down the media just because they aren't being nice
- Double standards much?
none. The government can't shut down the media, particularly not for reporting the truth about Trump
- Lmmfao! Reporting the truth? Where have you been during this election?
Trump is probably the most dishonest candidate in history. Too bad so many people got tricked
- you need a safe space bruh He won and Neo-Liberalism lost
GROW UP.  You are a 70 year old orange man.  Act like it.
#Manbaby
Please stay strong, true, and non wavering toward what has come out your mouth and heart. We need your strong rebuke to bad
I guess the future president prefers controlling the press, ie no constitutional freedom of the press.
OH No, did something not go your way? Did your take your ball and go home?
Do not interfere with the free & open press!  Please stick to your up-coming POTUS duties. @nytimes
@rickygervais @nytimes
And sTrumpet knows all there is to know about not being nice.
@tvogvo @nytimes Good, they don't deserve your time
You were funny at @nytimes. Walked back most that you campaigned on. Declared you're above any conflict of interest law.
thank you for not giving into a bully #notmypresident #freedomofpress #youcantcontrolus
your unfit, you don't know anything
I wouldnt give them the Time of Day.
they are not afraid of you. #pussygrabber  #notmypresident #defrauderinchief
sexist ,racist trump u can't just kiss and make up and pretend nothing is wrong. Not forgiving
this isn't a boardroom meeting where everyone kisses your ass any more, you get that right? #TrumpUniversityFraud
@nytimes@CNN   Trump doing the right thing by tellin the media they are liars hope @narendramodi 2rips their asses appart
You need to PROSECUTE Hillary, DON'T PISS OFF THE REST OF THE COUNTRY THAT VOTED ON YOU, OR NOBODY WILL LISTEN 2 U
How ironic, you calling people 'not nice'.  hahahaha
what was the change?
You're President! There's not always "terms" for meetings and conversations! It's called using your brain, and....honesty!
You are seriously obsessed with critiquing free speech when about to be president? #readtheconstitution
So a brawnless buffoon will be leading us to hell. Benefit your brand and friends. Whine daily, Complain, demean.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes if it's failing, why does it have double the number of followers as you?!
the heck with all of them. Just keep telling us directly..we love that
you are now president. Stop acting like a two year old. What's wrong with you. Pull up ur big boy pants
you promised to have Hillary face the law like anyone else. You don't want to hurt her: not about u hurtn, she hurt herself
the article by Charles Blow absolutely trash clearly just wanted to hate someone that attitude will hold us back
you need terms and conditions to talk to the press?  Hiding something?
R terms& conditions f/Bengazhi&security breaches going 2 chge from law&order 2 clemency f/elite crime?What about victims?
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes wahhh wahhh wahhh wahh...wahhh wahh wahhhh wahhh.....wahhhhh
God bless you Donald give the media heck, teach them how to speak the truth
Keep the large media organisations honest Mr Trump. Don't give up, force the bastards to improve their practices!
if their conditions compromised security in some way, then I'd say that's a good move.
...look I voted for you, and know you'll do great things....but STOP with the the tweets
Waaaaaaaaa wa wa waaaaaaaaaaa 
Little Donny, what are you afraid of, people telling the truth about you?
handsome!!!!!!!
Safety first.
time to get presidential.  Stop these childish tweets.
can we speak about insurance for disabled middle class please milanomaryann2@gmail.com
. Your fault, not the NY TIMES. YOU HAVE AN AVERSION TO THE TRUTH AND THEY REPORT THE TRUTH
Please never stop tweeting. Loved reading all of them during the campaign and I still do.
Cause anyone cared.  Grow up and start acting part.  And put your cell phone somewhere where you will forget it.
Good decision. So thankful you KNOW.
speaking of not nice check out DT
Can you go one day without crying about something? Toughen up!!
liar
@nytime Please dont pick Mitt Romney for anything he will use it against you. Not to mention your voters will not be pleas
We as black people are-waiting to see.. No one came to help us. and where are you now?
yeah not nice
alright Donald ya mad shagger. Fancy a game of #FIFA17 later? 
Chicken? Are you afraid of little ole @nytimes  ?
Awwww... Poor Trump.  He can't take the heat.
when will you start acting presidential and stop whining on twitter every time something doesn't go your way?
please grow up.
quit lying, they didn't change anything.  Have you ever said anything true?
Nikki Haley UN Ambassador? Really! Rewarding disloyalty?   Seems like we are in for more of the same. Sorry I contributed.
You need to get off twitter feed and figure out how to run this country for the next 4 years!
I love the NY Times!  But I can understand how the words there are too difficult for you to understand.  So sad.
I, for one, will miss having an adult in The White House.
Not nice and NOT professional!
@marylene58 @nytimes @realDonaldTrump knows how to handle the Media!
yuge?
screw them make them come to u on your terms demand the respect u should already be given #proudofmypresident
When u get done with cabinet selections let's play golf!!!
Preferably in Florida....
#wewouldhaveablast
will belittle anyone who disagrees with him or criticizes him. He is the 3rd grade spoiled bully who never grew up.
I just subscribed.

grow up Donny. You don't get to throw a fit when you don't get your way. Suck it up buttercup
please resolve the Kashmir issue
So Trump's plan to deny access to the press has begun.
please don't pk Romney. Please!!!!  Pls pk Rudy G. He's better. He's faithful n won't knife u n the back. Use wisdom
You are so vocal w/ SNL & NYtimes, why aren't you as vocal and mad about the nazi salutes? They're misrepresenting you too?
stop complaining about the press do your job.
should not discourage or block possible investigation of Clinton's email or Foundation. Rule of law should be preserved.
Maybe if you were Nice,@nytimes would be Nice If everyone was was Nice maybe that would make @americagreatagain!!
eres un pinshi llorón cabrón

aw poor you
We know they don't play that with you. With others, yes, but not with you #TrumpTrain
seriously, stop crying and be a man. Not nice. Greatly.
@RBariekman @nytimes that's no surprise that they changed at the last moment
Not nice that your own people LIED to you to get you to cancel.
After reading hundreds of your Tweets since u met w/Obama, I can't say that I've seen/read "nice" things from you
The fake news created zombies are out in force today.
the one thing that rag could do to save the nyt is to give honest coverage of today's history making events.
NY Times sucks and is still printing mainly propaganda. They are now on par with the Enquirer-trashy tabloid. Sad.
not nice the swamp around u. Just more LIES
love ya,Donald you got a lot of trolls on here must be sucking there mom's tit still  or looking for free stuff
- Clinton family needs to be history that's gone forever. 
  Sink their ship.
NY times has been around for years and they certainly do not need YOU to tell them anything!
Why do you need press conferences? Time for electronic town halls where citizens ask the questions.
To Hell #MSM!
are they refusing to add "failing" to their official name?
@POTUSelect45 @nytimes u were right POTUS

what happened to freedom?
No, that was a power play.  Glad you stopped it!!  Who the hell do they think they are.
Who changed those terms?
stand Strong Donald... You are my President!
There is NO Freedom of the Press when the Press proves to be PAID OPERATIVES!
stop crying and grow the hell up Trump
