
I hate Donald Trump. Trump is one ignorant old white man.
You say you hate Trump and you call yourself a Reverend? Better go pray.
Yes i hate that redneck. Do you love Hillary? Great.
I will pray for you Reverend.
Pray that Donald Trump lose the election thank you,
I am voting for Trump. Sorry.
Trump will not win on November 8.
gotta love him!
@EdKrassen: Today is Lincoln's 209th Birthday. To remember this man, I give you a (cont) http://tl.gd/nobt5g 
Really?
Get a sense of humor!
I don't have one.
Obviously!  Get one!  Life is to short to be miserable all the time!
I could try, but I got years to go.
Love it. How dare she even compare herself.  She's such trash
she didn't stupid!
You're the 5th liberal today who has 2 insult in a tweet Does that make you feel more a man?? It's such a pattern
I'll be the 6th, she didn't stupid.
and it's usually the ones with less than 10 followers too. Feel better big boy
Donald Trump brings out the ol' Christianity in you.
As you libs like to say, don't mix religion and politics
"You libs". 
and……

great come back
@SharonDay and Abe is much more attractive!!!
how can you tweet at the same time
And he ain't a crazy bitch.
Thank you for the laugh Mr. President!
#DoSomethingGOP , @RealDonaldTrump is a #failing #whitesupremacist @POTUS. Put #CountryOverParty, #CountryOverMoney, and #ImpeachTrumpNow
I used to say my president’s name with pride. Now, I don’t say anything
Looks are strikingly similar, #Humdinger
: #DonaldTrump has no right to give a lecture on tax. He is a tax dodger, bankrupt. He has no acumen. #Debate
like you really know chump!!
Pres Trump, understand...EVERY word of yours is being fact checked- like ALL potus. Exaggerating & lying hard habits to break-you MUST
you radioactive cunt
Mind YOUR own biscuits - don’t mind what her past is
Great Point!!!
Does Trump think a single Senator can change the entire tax code and healthcare system??? Does he get how our govt works???
Lol. Are you even paying attention?  You’re tweet has ZERO to do with @realDonaldTrump tweet, twit.

Exactly , I think she probably a lot more like Al Capone ,and I heard he even had a thing for Iranian women ?
also, He was a Republican
#yougolowwegohigh
I love it. @potus is toying with her. Thank you for bringing her/dem corruption down & out of our gov. Must vote all dems&dem-rinos out.
Yea ,she's got Hillary Crooked eyes ,haha!!!
@LynoMN Did not know Lincoln appeased banker donors by being two-faced.
wow you learn something new everyday ....lol
"You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the  people some of the time" A. Lincoln


hahahaaaaa
Shes a monster
how the tefft are you tweeting during your debate? You must be a masterdebator or something @JimNorton
well, that's nothing you'll ever have to worry about being called..."honest"

Is he alive?
Women are Supporting you Mr Trump. Also don't forget the LBGT Community! They help help from the Radicals too! Thanku!
and he suspended parts of the U.S. Constitution. Lincoln is not the best President our Country has ever had by far.
you WON. I love you! Thank you!
wtf
@OMAROSA Not wisest response.
C'mon Mr. Trump you know you are going to lose ..... stop lying and keep some sense of honor.
#Hillary you're #no Abraham #Lincoln! @realDonaldTrump
@KellyannePolls Hoping Trump brings up #Benghazi & how Hillary LIED,blamed it on a video & jailed the videomaker. #debate
@ReversingASD Abe was a republican Hitlerary a communist
#STILLVOTINGTRUMP TO bad you have to battle 3 against 1.
She makes me sick.  She would have fought Abe tooth and nail on 13th Ammendment
.@realDonaldTrump Not that anyone would understand this article but just in case.....
I believe that was kind of what Clinton was referring to.

#RaceBaiting
#EndIdentityPolitics
you nailed it in this debate mr. Trump. I love that you were yourself and not scripted by handlers.
AWESOME
and GEORGE WASHINGTON could not tell a lie
@HFA Abe Lincoln would stop HRC BEFORE SHE FINISHED SPEAKING! 
President Trump doesn't mess around. 

He's a fighter and that's what we need.
ARREST HER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Drain the swamp already.  Fire Sessions.
Awesome I love our president !!!
Just another lecherous male polluting the political swamp; Trump will be right at home.
yadayadayada
Plus the fact, that he was President, and she is not!

Another great line by you.  U ad libbed brilliantly last night. Just be yourself and you do great. Lincoln was no liar.
just because you say something it does not mean its true. Repeating yourself does not make a statement a fact
We know what Hillary says isn’t true!  No matter how many times she says it!!
Hillary killed a lot less americans...
Evidence concludes Obama’s Fed Govt. was an organized criminal enterprise. ANYONE in your Govt. resisting a special counsel was part of it and needs to be fired.

One killed 640k amerocans and the other youre lettong off for her crimes...
Please stop, Mr. President, you're killing me! 

She says how great Lincoln was....
Lincoln FOUNDED the Republican Party with DemoKKKrats fighting to KEEP slavery!
Ur right - and Trump should also have said that!
This comes from a snake oil salesman.
Amazing a liar would use Abe Lincoln in that debate.
and yours would be Dirty Old Man
Tru has compared himself to Reagan. Reagan's son says he does not want the Reagan name associated with his campaign.
Don't let her push buttons.  Stop the debating with the moderators!  Mention that tomorrow.
Well just learned the the real DJ Twitter account is not him.  Maybe I'm just behind the times
Your clever use of NLP methods do not work with everyone. BTW your team needs to read the first amendment
she is a descendent of Ben a dick Arnold.. ;P
Michelle Obama in August 2007 talking about Hillary & Bills women:If u can't run ur own house u can't run the White House!"
'@realDonaldTrump says the man who's lied & inflated his wealth & ability to please women.
lier lier pants on fire !! Lock her up !
Trump loser, yesterday, you were a joke :)
@gene70 Wow.Last night 15mins into debate my Twitter account was hacked.Locked out till this morn.Anyone else experience??
You don't know honesty.
im a woman,,she didnt do shit for me!!
@HardballChris Chris was pathetic allowing adulterer Giuliani and hater Conway does lies in challenged. Wow! No Journalim

And Abe went to war RELUCTANTLY,  You are rattling sabres & beating war drums ALREADY.  you cowardly REMF.
lol good one Trump! @HillaryClinton @HFA @Honest_Hillary
.@realDonaldTrump Big difference between Abraham Lincoln and #Trump? He didn't brag about sexual assault. #GOP #debate #NeverTrump #Clinton
need that in a commercial!!!
Abe would never grab them by the pussy
I didn't know Abraham Lincoln but I do know you, Hillary Clinton are NO Abraham Lincoln.....
Neurotic @realDonaldTrump probably didn't write this, only a 0% chance that it was him! Weak!
History lesson: There’s a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Honest Abe. #RattledHillary 
could not believe she compared herself to honest Abe
Go back and check the tape. Again, lack of information makes you look so uninformed. who is crooked, who is a liar???
you are a true patriot. She is a true liat. Trump all the way
#abelincolnbpissed
get off my cloud Rumpbot
THAT WAS THE BEST AT THE DEBATE, YOU PULLED THE RUG RIGHT FROM UNDER HER, i WAS WAITING FOR THAT HIT.
@LindaSuhler ROGER THAT!
@mercedesschlapp Honest Abe Lincoln could not tell a lie, Lying Hillary Clinton can not talk with out telling a lie!!!
@halfhitchsd
And you are the Lord of the Lies...
#crookedHillary #CrookedClintons
and you're Racist pumpkin schmuck
did you know that Abraham Lincoln got that nickname due to his honest bussness dealings?
and your nickname is Dishonest Don.
you are great
looks like shi!, smells like shi!, must be a pile of shi! Even flies know it!!!
@shawgerald4 hills actions are all lies!
As much as you and all other modern political fuigures are all facading bastards, this one was pretty funny.
best come back remark of the night. Hilarious because it was #truth!
croocked Hillary
@Holmesdonna1 you were fabulous! So proud of you!
HaHa! 
loved that http://zinger.now  let's take it home.
are pretending you know about history now?
good come backs tonight!

ur one to talk about honesty
Bye @cagrownofficial.
that was a good comeback about honest Abe
weak! that means the difference between you and Abe is even greater.
@DineshDSouza   Love that Donald. PEOPLES president. The workers of America are Voting  TRUMP
she just showed her true colors, arrogantly stating "presidents have such a thing called "Veto"
yep ..we have "HONEST ABE" then there is the "LYING BABE".....big big big difference!!!!! THE LYING BABE BELONGS IN PRISON

Hillary is wrong. 90% of Trump fans are Deplorable.
you didn't rattle anyone, you played very well with you Clinton hating base but lost big-time...just wait for the poll #'s
Her name crooked Hillary Clinton
Lier Hillary
No where near Abe Lincoln.
She a crook and lier.
Never Hillary
Bullshi_ter .. EVERYTHING out of your mouth is exaggerated or a flat out lie! Surprised you know what Lincoln looks like!

@ronfair43 awesome punch
you want to lead his party? Shame on you. For you to even utter his name is degrading it beyond belief.
Lincoln is rolling in his grave !
@OMAROSA And you?
I am an undecided voter, and this #debate has not helped your case,  your immature  tit for tat atttude is disappointing
http://youtu.be/bBwJeaOriSk  via @youtube
keep rattling her cage Mr Trump, go@for the juggler!
Good one!!! I love Abe Lincon!!!!!
you need to get hearing aids because you missed the lesson with Abe Lincoln. Maybe that's why you didn't do well school
still you buy your steel from the horrible Chinese you praised Putin B4 gave NO details except using special ops-you lost!
also you SHOULD have cleared up the tax thing you didn't use Benghazi &speech$ lost chances while Ramblin-threw Pence-bus!
the man can tweet and debate at the same time. Not good at either though.

@mtnbke not rattled just again in disbelief of the total crap that comes out of your mouth.
Donald please make an effort - you sound like a scatterbrain... keep up dear...
Ignorance is not bliss it's scary! Read Lincoln's bio #nevertrump

I teach high school her explanations are just like what my kids say to get out of trouble

As usual Donnie, you entirely missed the point of her comparison
she is scary 

U should have brought up Bill Clinton dereg the housing market he was the cause of the fall of housing not Pres Bush.

Future Lesson: Hillary will soon be nicknamed 'President Elect' and 'Madame President' #scatteredDonald #sniffcount #debate
You'll be President Trump! Believe it.

What a juvenile attempt at transferring his own #PathologicalLying to her. #HRC is bad enuf, but he's #WORSE.
@HillaryClinton Hurt are we? You will never beat this woman, she is #1
Get used to calling @HillaryClinton #MADAMPRESIDENT#
NEVER seen bigger liar than Trump! All politicians lie but he's the kind of liar that calls apples - pineapples. 
Proud of you
