Baaahhaaahaaa!!!
haha or just amend it slightly as we have now found out lol
repeal THEN replace
@realDonaldTrump
but u make it more expensive... hm...
It worked for my family ... it saved the life of our 10 year old.
put your money where your mouth is.
except it is working. More people with healthcare for less money. Less profit for healthcare giants who are already rich.
gets four year sentence in big house Hillary gets out a jail card  LOL
Lol
.@realDonaldTrump Will you please explain your plan to replace Obamacare? #QsForTrumpPresser
you were quoted by @mashable
@MyInfo69256461  100% #TRUTH
HAhahaha .................
Better have replacement ready to go into effect. Do not let those who need it go without.
Can you do  something to correct the crooked insurance companies ?
Yet, he's not.
Why are you trying to raise taxes on middle class Americans?
@AndyCavster Serms you forgot to ask your Republican pals?
We should not be required to purchase anything. Infringement of our freedom. No individual mandate or penalty! @RepTomPrice
what's this genius plan again? 8 years and nada. Fraud
it's so hard to see very one can't see this is no ts . Thank for all the help you going to do . We need you to help is .
Like you did in Real Estate? Lost the equivalent of the salaries of 19,253 people making $51939 per year. SO UNFAIR!!
TY keep clear of that Whore Pope
I heard you're keeping it?
do you remember this promise?
lol nvm
Obamacare kills American families' jobs & pocketbooks! @afbranco Vote #TrumpPence for jobs, safety & opportunity to dream!
If that were true why is the unemployment rate the lowest now since the past 9 years?
Replace with what? How would #TrumpCare be?
Heard 100 times now @realDonaldTrump.  Replace with what? You never give details.  Many people are saying your plan will be far worse. SAD!
"many"people??? OMG LMAO
not even 72 hours before your first campaign promise is repealed and replaced. #JustLikeTheRest
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
REALLY? Are you are going to compromise & not follow through, letting Obama manipulate you?
Please REPEAL, tear down state restrictions & let free market reign!  Already have Medicare/Medicaid for uninsured #MAGA
PE Trump! Do NOT waver on O'care. Please. Repeal and replace. Was written by people WE DID NOT HIRE!! Stand firm @PAMsLOvE
I am sure he is talking about pre existing conditions,like that. That is good for everyone
WE can cover@pre existing another way. I worry about all the other stuff in that bill "working as plan
Yup. Democrats seem to love trying to fix a money problem by spending more money.
sir we wish you smoothly run your govt..and hit those country who loves terrorist and make terrorist.. Eg Pakistan
because of Obama care many people can now seek medical attention to better their quality of life. Plz don't take it away.
because of Obama care I have coverage after not being insured for 2 years and I'm 20 and independent
please help us afford good plans. I have a subsidy but deductible & out-of-pocket too much $.Pls don't leave us behind
dont make deductables and premiums go up for people making $40k thats not what we want
it's out of control.  Insurance was much more affordable in the free world
#TeamHillary
Congtatulations Mr the President.
 All eyes are watching your perform.
Mind, someone tries to buckle his seat belt !
pfff 
the Lord heard our cries and delivered us trump! Mr..Trump as sure as you talked the talk we know you will walk the walk.
and?
thank you!!! I have chronic disease and my insurance keeps rising! It just tripled in price and they are paying less! Help!
Thank You!!! And Congratulations!! Make America Great Again!! God bless America !
good luck to you. Take care of America and all its people.
No it's not. Your presidency is a disaster.
I  permently disabled.   Without Obama care,  I will die.  I need my doctors and medication's.  Please don't let me die..
and what are you going to do huh?
so the poles where rigged. Look at the results, Go trump, you are a legend..
make sure Veteran care is improved along the way!
oh Mr. Trump...we LOVE YOU!!!!!
America is one of the last major countries to not offer free health care, get with the times you silver spoon baby
at least Obama was an excellent president, and that's a thing that you'll never be 
Lots of luck stupid! Congress has tried over 70 times and couldn't do it; you don't have any say.
WITH WHAT? SOMETHING TREMENDOUS?
. With what! Too late. Your vague responses just killed your chances for POTUS. 
Hilary for President 2016 

When have you ever had a comprehensive plan?  What will you replace it w/? You failed to answer that question in ANY debate
.@realDonaldTrump Speaking of medical care? Y'all SERIOUSLY need it Conald! #Unfit #Unwell #Dangerous
yes he absolutely has a classic case of many personality disorders.
And he deals with them all thusly:
You are a professional con man! You only care about $ and Russia. You & Putin ass buddies? U don't have ME fooled!
have u ever heard a POTUS candidate look into camera and say  to Americans  I lov you. No, only DJT did
he saw himself in the camera. Of course he loves himself!
Rick where did u go? Are you looking into a mirror?
No....don't have to look at myself in mirror. I'm not obsessed w/myself. Don't start getting nasty like most.
Rick it was a joke  chill were not really deplorable and eredeemable 
Thank you. Believe me, I've had my share of nasty name calling from Trump supporters.Happy you're not 1 of them
nopbl as a Trump supporter I have been called many things also.have a good one
Trumplers:Ever think to Urself:"I wish the GOP was back in power but with a leader MORE ignorant & unfit than Bush!"?
Okay, I'll bite. Repeal and replace with what? A better deal? You don't even know what insurance your emp. have #neverTrump
Trump=Disaster "You can’t say yes to Trump and yes to common decency." Does not abide.
let's talk about the real problem: prioritizing profit over people. Healthcare never works if you ignore this issue.
WRONG

what is it you have against the people of america that you don't want them to have health care? Are you that shallow?
"CRITICIZING" "FINGER POINTING" "NAME CALLING" " NEGATIVE" "NOT PRESIDENTIAL" For get it! You're a looser! 
trump you lost already just chill bro
Trump will give you the best and only chance to do this. The politicians have no clue how.
...stay on message..we all already know how corrupt she is...
Who the heck knows what your plan is, it keeps changing. On debate stage, you were for single payer.
Replace with WHAT?You HAVE NO PLAN!!!
replace immediately?.....or repeal and wing it? Screwing the American people over again

Gov Brownback destroyed the economy in Kansas is now Trump's advisor https://newrepublic.com/article/119574/sam-brownbacks-conservative-utopia-kansas-has-become-hell …
Please pay TAXES and stop stealing for America. #neverTrump why is he not showing his tax returns? Not qualify #shame
replace with what, a flex plan to use our own money to pay for medical?
@neiltyson @CornelWest @wyntonmarsalis
OPEN A K-12 SCHOOL NAMED "PRINCE ACADEMY" RAN BY THESE 3 DISTINGUISHED GENTLEMEN7 – at Paisley Park Studios
Trump is not going to #MAGA. He cares about no one except himself.
YOU WILL WIN MR.TRUMP
What are you talking about?

It's clearly listed on his website in simple English....
I suggest you take a look again.

It's actually extremely detailed. Download the PDF and take a look.
As I stated earlier, and you are being very ignorant to follow what I said;

His entire plan is listed on his website

.@realDonaldTrump Trump is the only way.
Trump "Crooked Hillary" 
not done ANYTHING crooked in 40 yrs of Public Service 
@b33lzebub @realDonaldTrump
You forgot:
-disbarred twice  
-criminal
-horrible for women
LOL.  You need to read.more.  Bush deleted 33 million emails!!  Fact check me.
Yep thats why Bush supports Hillary.. All you Bush haters wake up

THANKS my  HC went up as did everyone I know.
keeppounding Donald don't let her off the hook
what will you replace it with?
@MaritimerNB @realDonaldTrump private insurance. Basically the way we used to do it. Most of his policies are like that it's the
Sounds crappy, inefficient and essentially immoral, but you do you.
are you talking to me?
and what will you replace it with?  #NoPlan
With WHAT? Voters DESERVE to know what you're hiding. RELEASE your tax returns. @NeverTrump #StrongerTogether @HillaryUSA16
but ur ugly
where is your plan?
obviously ur not paying attention he has given several detailed speeches but I guess u wouldn't know that.
actually I have watched and I've seen nothing detailed
Go to his website, lazy liberal.
Go to his site under "issues," it's not even there. His campaign is so poorly organized. Astounding.
When you go here, he says HSAs.  I already have an f-ing HSA. https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/health-care/ …
My cost for healthcare still will go up next year with an HSA.  Trump is horrid on healthcare.
well Obama said u can keep ur doctor and cost will go down lie lie Trump deserves a chance my opinion
Replace with what? Certainly you have a detailed policy proposal by now that the Republican Congress will pass.
These idiots are following a guy who not detailed 1 single plan or policy. Bunch of idiots. #neverTrump
Lost soul are you?
Why are all trump supporters so willing to talk shit instead of showing me 1 Trump policy?
Where is Hillary's Contract With Americans??? She doesn't want one!
Recycling Newt's Contract on America from 1994 is not a plan. It's a slogan that will never be implemented.
Hillary has nothing but a bleach bit server to follow!
I bet Trump's server tied to a Russian bank doesn't bother you.
Why do u pick on Katy Tur?

Trump in a landslide!!! #TrumpTrain
I'd love for Trump to get crushed in a landslide too!
not happening
Have faith! He's going down!
If we have faith we wouldnt be in this mess. Dream on
you misspelled  George W Bush!
TRUMP IS A RACIST HOMOPHOBIC ISLAMOPHOBIC TRANSPHOBIC XENOPHOBIC SEXIST PIG
You should include that in your next tattoo. Smoking crack keeps the mosquitoes away
Replace with what?
I has asked that question many times and noone KNOWS. He hasnt told you, cause he has not REPLACE plan.
good lord man! Say something based in facts for once
I say, old chap. You're a fancy-man I see with your "good lord man" jib. Fancy you'll ever watch a DJT speech?
I've attended three of his rally's... what say thee?
You have amnesia or it was the classic dilemma of you can't listen while you scream protesting.
got me confused w/ someone else. Protest? I've been partying for the weekend in CA. Protest isn't my thing.
This vid exposes the HILLARY CLINTON’S dirt! All …: http://youtu.be/-oObPh9f18g 
If you somehow pull this off imagine the drop off from Michelle to Melania. That's a steep cliff Donnie!
Mr. Trump, are you going to allow your hidden depths out, when you are President? Please, do.
Please, do. I'm tired of "stupid"  We Need Your Leadership. Your knowledge. Honesty. Ability. Judgement. Instincts. Vision.
Trump "Crooked Hillary" 
not done ANYTHING crooked in 40 yrs of Public Service 
@lipsyncney @realDonaldTrump
honest Abe is rolling over in his grave with that sick meme.
how is it sick? it's true
President Trump!
it's sad that you're too dense to realize that he won't be looking out for people like you smh
what do you mean "people like me"? Are we not all Americans?
people like you as in an idiot who voted for him
Obamacare is saving my friend's life at this moment. Will you?
If you repeal it, costs will skyrocket even higher.
@politico @realDonaldTrump Obamacare has worked for 20M more people. Yr understanding of Obamacare is totally lacking. U hv no plan.Wake up
@bcass41447 DO IT TRUMP!
RIP DONALD TRUMP America will be GREAT once your Six Feet Under!! And your immigrant wife right next to you!!
and by doing that you'll cripple the healthcare industry, as it took years to phase in obamacare. Educate yourself dude.
All you do is spew lies and hate! Shut up!
what r u replacing with,  shouldn't repeal unless your plan is set and ready to go
,It's so bad that they have 3 Job's too pay the Obama socialist insurance, That's why people go too Canada and Mexico to
with what, specifically? Health insurance "crisis" has been going for long before ACA. Ins cos want premiums, not problems.
you again?
paranoid lies u say2uneducated  pple but don't really believe urself in order2 continue  lo tax bononza 4 richover 35 yrs
what will be your care vsll and what will it entails
REPLACE WITH WHAT, YOU ALL WAYS SAY REPEAL AND REPLACE, BUT WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU GONNA REPLACE IT WITH.
If the Americans wants a Dictator crooked old sociopath, vote for Donald Trumo
replace with WHAT?

ugh
@realDonaldTrump is UNSTOPPABLE   #TrumpPence16 #MAGA  
With What? You never say. Just like you lied about releasing you taxes.  20 million workers will lose health insurance
Affordable Care act needs a little tweaking not replaced. #nevertrump Trump lies. I enrolled numbers great.
https://www.cms.gov/Regulations-and-Guidance/Legislation/EHRIncentivePrograms/index.html?gclid=CPiI0NbbjtACFVRahgod2gsKdg … Millions of $$ payout incentives to All medical providers to use EHR database system, gov't census
yawn!!

You don't have a plan, you would be the disaster, TRUST ME..BELIEVE ME
are you going to keep up your promise of putting her in jail?
No replace just repeal would be a good start.
You would need to be elected to do that, which of course is not going happen, because you are a loser.
With WHAT?

yet again, another lie. Hillary said she knows there are problems with ACA, and she plans to work to fix them.
.@realDonaldTrump repeal and replace. Repeal. And. Replace. Repeal.... and.... wait for it... REPLACE
Yes she has been wanting to get her greedy fingers into our healthcare for years.It would complement their foundation well.
Repeal and replace with what, you clown? Do you have any idea? Of course you don't!
With what? You haven't a clue and Republicans don't want to replace it with anything.
wrong
it's causing private doctors to close their offices or sell out to hospitals. A 2 hour visit pays 30 cents.
With what???? As usual republicans complain but have no ideas
Will the KKK have their own insurance? Will they have to wear their sheets to the doctors?
replace with what?! Why don’t you actually list any policy plans and stop just boasting.
TRUE! What he says! 
This vid exposes the HILLARY CLINTON’S dirt! All …: http://youtu.be/-oObPh9f18g 
#TRUMPcare2017
Health care, we have a great system in Norway; Tax on all goods and service pays for free health care for everyone.
so what are u going to replace it with. Please let ppl
WITH WHAT?????  Are you gonna pay premiums???  You don't even pay taxes. Our economy could be in better shape if you had 
Obamacare is better than nothing, which is what you offer. You will send 20 million Americans to the ER, for us to pay.
With what? Explain in detail.
take it back
Donald trump has the highest IQ ever
he's still smart
no Hillary is going to ruin America #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
20M more insured, can't discriminate pre-existing condition,kids on parents policy until 26,Listen
Davy Crockett to Donald Trump: "What in the world is wrong with you?" http://cnn.it/2eOCsxb  #MyVote 
with what????
replace with what?
Use $ increase for family of 4 ... shows the real hit to the pocket.  "%" do not hit home.
116% incr. = incr. from $9K to $20K. w/ Govt help TAXPAYER hit with $13K of that.  Family OR the taxpayer can afford that!
with what? Smfh #ignorantdonald
Donald, YOU HAVE NO HEALTH CARE PLAN, so WTF are you criticizing him for?
I just voted for you I wish you would apologize to John McCain and the African Americans
Americans are becoming POORER and POORER because of Obamacare...and getting LESS SERVICES!
http://www.newsweek.com/mr-speaker-stop-trump-let-gop-lose-election-489797 … Fact check your candidate. The most dishonest candidate to ever run for POTUS. #PathologicalLiar
wrong Trump. You will lose.
you're a total disaster! Drop out now....
#ObamaCare definition: A great lie sold to Americans without Congress reading it before adoption it. Opposite Affordable
.@realDonaldTrump Speaking of disasters:  Trump Tower Toronto goes bust. http://www.cbc.ca/beta/news/business/trump-tower-toronto-1.3834368#commentwrapper …
Bill Clinton took at least six flights on Jeffrey Epstein’s private airplane without his Secret Service detail.
Replace with what? Show me a real plan.  #ImWithHer
