Wouldn't a press conference be easier instead of unnumbered tweets that make nonsense when they stand alone?  C'mon!
you choose politicians based on their use of entertainment apps? Please consider real news for politics. 
Are you thinking about this policy as you're typing it @realDonaldTrump? Best to write it all down first then copy it out for us.
.@realDonaldTrump 41 mins since the start of this thought. Can you speed it up a bit. Some of us have got stuff to do.
or maybe you shouldn't plan you life around tweets lol
More bad grammar by the #LoserInChief.
do us a favor and return to the Guterman. #youmakeittooeasy #hereitsforyoursupport..
.@realDonaldTrump did you delete cos of the double but or the lack of period (speaking his language). Do you have to read all replies first?
I think someone's broken the toilet door down and wrenched the phone out of his hand.
another twitter master tells it like it is!
I have two words for you,
Plastic Surgery
here two for you. Your commission..
The president-ignorant of the odious origins of his "America First" slogan..now goes for trade policy reminiscent same era.
uses intelligent vernacular to prove he would have been a better president. But then realized this is twitter.
Just do your JOB.
yea cause the weekend is not for twitter it for work time under Muslim law!
Dude @realDonaldTrump you really need to be able to move faster than this.
.@tandk9596 yeah hopefully Russia and China will be prepared to wait for him to make decisions.
His State of the Union addresses are going to take forever
i know! Finally news worth watching!
Please get some sleep
Make it to where it's financially improbable for Companies to move!!!
Require U.S. companies to certify that new foreign plants meet U.S. Labor & EPA rules upon re-import here. #regulate_expats
Good. not an American company if their product is built elsewhere anyway. Some dont get it. Buy American
don't forget to tax your own products....#resist... people before profits...even for presidents..and take out loop holes
sad to hear you pay no tax but your wife is protected for 1 million dollars a Day of taxpayers money..

compensate for lack of love
tried reading ur tweets. Totally bizarre
Will that include all the crap you have made in other countries???
-whose going to pay for that wall? USA----who? USA-Who? USA-Who? USA-Who-USA-Who? USA--Who?USA.  I was lied too!  Mexico???
- NBC FIRES YOU AND YOU CAN't get over that- you are Tricky Dickie reincarnated!
Only idiots think a billionaire President who brought more billionaires into his cabinet will be helping the working class.
--trump quote-"I love WIKI leaks"!  Yeah and he loves Putin his Russian money lender!
can we start with all of your products NOT MADE IN THE USA? Thanks.
you mean tax break?
DJT Donald J Trump
so they will just up the price on the consumer and all you are hurting is the 99% while the 1% stays cool. Got it!
you make more unlike today you make less gotta buy cheap chinese jeans at walmart
I can't argue with someone that gets upset that @MikeAndMike talks a great deal about college sports...
why do liberals always make it personal smh
if ANYTHING they talk a touch more about the NFL because but they rarely talk all college
liar you will find out you don't have as much power as president as you think.
gibber jabber bleah bleah
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/mccain-rex-tillersons-russia-ties-are-a-matter-of-concern/article/2609354 …
So does that mean your campaign hats are going to get more expensive?
yeah! no pain, no gain. We will need a ration on hats!
Hmmm. Dow & Nasdaq looking pretty strong.
ok so when are you bringing your daughters clothing line back to America?
if you're so concerned about jobs staying here, why is your daughters fashion line produced in another country!? #Fraud
Future best president in American history! Those liberal tears sure do taste salty!!
their butthurt is hilarious! Makes my day!
Here's your President - I hope your Proud
they don't care he said he could kill someone & they would still vote for him
Trump will be 10x the President Obama is. Bet on it!
you would lose!!!
get off twitter
Hypocrite. Your own line of products, ivanka's fashions - all made abroad, shipped in and sold here. What the tax on you?
Has he ever said they would? You don't know him very well.
trump says,' Beware or I'll make a great deal for you, corp welfare. I know all the words and the breast words.
When is Ivanka going to make her products here in the USA? If not will she be taxed 35%?
please do it. We dont a damn thing from Mexico, we've done it all and can do it all ourselves #MERICA
they'll raise their prices and we'll pay.. you're not too smart are you?
Talk to a real press room, get off Twitter you stupid man. You are not Presidential at all.
this tax will make products expensive for US consumers.  A Tax on us.
yes there will be some pain. No pain, no gain.
I'm afraid this will be pain and no gain.
You employe illegal immigrants and refuse to pay them minimum wage. HYPOCRITE!
America needs help. The poor and middle class and I hope your the right one who.pulls out of. Mess
At least DJP is doing something to bring jobs back to THE American people. To be fair,  let's see what happens.
Are you going to tax yourself for them china made suits coming to the US or r u exempt
shut up
8 more years
Sounds like you want to #nationalize industry. Not very #free-enterprise on your part.
it'll never come to be.  Empty promise, like your brain.
haters
Mr. Trump aren't and Ivanka selling your products back across the border? You need to lead by example not be a hypocrite.
Because the government has no money of its own....you are in the command economy mindset, comrade.
Still going to buy Chinese made steel? #hypocrite
Why not? If it is here to buy, and it's legal to buy it, why not? Free market ???
...raise the cost of every good sold??Stocks will collapse and then co will lay off more pp as mrkt caps shrink,u know this
yah, have u seen the stock market yet? New all times records. Corps are shaking in their boots.
yes cause of corporate tax reform, if he does a trade war, his own economic advisor Larry Kudlow said very bad
Kudlow is a pure capitalist+globalist...Trump may be capitalist but not globalist
Donny on his tiny throne, simply can't put down the phone, likes the sound of his own tone
sounds like a hateful comment. Stop the hate people. Are we just a nation of haters?
Yeah - that arsehole didn't effectively state that 75% of the American population were not as worthy as white men at all.../s
sometimes I get the feeling white men are less than the rest. Is that why HRC did not bother to go after the white male vote?
But, when are You releasing your Taxes?
never. next question...
He will hold the highest office, people need a leader they can trust. There should be nothing to hide
What do u think he is hiding? That he paid no taxes? So just assume he paid none like the rest of corp Am.
we also need to know his business ties
Why? Assume he's got business ties. If something looks weird, then ask. Is Carrier weird?
YUP
You think he personally benefiting from Carrier job remaining in US? Is he bankrolling them?
How about ties and suits? Those should be made here too. Stonewall MS has empty plant & lots of exp, they'll make them.
not sure I can feed a nation on ties & suits..
What's ur point? Mine's clear: Trump should bring his manufacturing back here.
His manufacturing is peanuts. Let's bring back mfg that makes a real difference. Cars, washers, dryers, A/c
And how much buying power do you think those 95 million Americans of the workrolls have right now???
Yes, College we are last. However byng pwr is still highest believe it or not
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-07-30/senate-republicans-block-narrow-bill-on-offshore-breaks …

Is #Ivanka immune to this? tell her to build a factory in the #USA instead of an ostentatious hotel. #GrabYourWallet
DAMN EVERY LAST PATHETIC LIBRETARD IN HELL...GO TRUMP-PENCE
2016 to 2024!!!!!
got to do what you got to do
then why did you bribe Carrier to stay. It's kind of the opposite.
blah blah blah
don't tax us to pay their employees.
Great work Donald! Nationalism not Globalism. All countries need to build up their own domestic economies.
I'm all for American jobs but I really don't dig spending 30 bucks for a pair of underwear either Prez elect Don .
Excuses, excuses.
u need to be MUZZLED AND HANDCUFFED BEFORE U START WW111
You have NO real idea what you're doing, do you? You really bit off more than you can chew and it's embarrassing.
then why don't you and Ivanka move your clothing companies here?
take your own ties etc the same or lead by example and bring your job to America. Two faced-liar con man
Does this include your products
won't this cost you, as your clothing line doesn't have "Made In USA" logo.
man my fingers are sore.  Can someone bring me my meds.  I am tired of ranting
What about your ties & shirts that you're having made in other countries???????????????
America has always competed by being innovative, not protectionist. and before u tax others WHERE ARE YOUR TAX RETURNS?
also damn all the Americans are gonna flee to here canada
so Presidential!
he often told me he used product on his hair
Why would anyone believe you? #Carrier still taking jobs to Mexico, you just gave them tax break. #Derp
This will never happen, and should never happen. You're not being made a dictator. And this is a moronic idea.
you gave the company "yuge" tax breaks when they move the majority of jobs to other countries!
#MAGA

Are you going to help the workers at UTEC in Huntington? We're also part of Carrier and losing 700 jobs to Mexico
Great job!.  I 'd rather live without their products than B used as a retail whore.  Never felt a savings from foreign mfg.
Why not put a tariff of 35% on all imported goods?
please practice what you preach!
@RobertWildiris Just so "we the people" don't end up paying these taxes, as corporations pass on taxes to consumers.
This of course pertains to all your overseas business's and your daughters as well right?
Thank you for loving America enough to sacrifice all you are sacrificing to make her grade again
getting board? wanna chat?
about time go get them Mr President
NO TRUMP NO KKK
NO FASCIST USA
Are any Trump products made overseas? #question
we will by american made first.
Does this include your company that makes it's products overseas?  Will you tax your goods 35% to come back?
so no buying Carrier air conditioning units?
POSNANSKI! Cerebrum Torpidus...TO. THE. MAXIMUS.....Its called QUITIAPINE! Do 5000mgs...and hit the hay for 8yrs.
Huntington Indiana #pleaseelaborate #strangerthings indeed
AND ALL THE TRUMP PRODUCTS TOO!! START WITH YOURSELF. IT'LL NEVER HAPPEN!! https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/08/26/how-many-trump-products-were-made-overseas-heres-the-complete-list/ … #tRumpisKKK #CONMAN
With your ideas, only the wealthy will be able to afford consumer goods thereby tanking the economy
Dam Mr President elect its so nice to see a real man taking control of th country  again, do it all prove th dems wrong
hold firm, don't back down, no backsliding, america is watching.
live in South Texas and for years watching old cars being towed to Mexico. This metal we could recycle and use in our own
u r a communist; it's about controlling. Where's the free market?
Right POTUS TRUMP they must face consequence nothing like $$$ to get there attention!!! Thank You POTUS TRUMP
Delete your account.
Hypocrite, cast out the beam out of thine own eye; then you will see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye.
. #NeverRomney
So Carrier gets both a tax break and the tariff?
I can hardly wait for all these companies to return to the US & labour costs rocket. #WontBeAffordableToBuyAmerican
Are you taxing your daughter's company??? You're an idiot and a liar.
How bout we repeal 16th. or reduce Per. Inc tax to 5% across the board. or at least a $ for $ exemption for Buying American
Does this mean that Carrier will be punished for the 1,100 jobs they are still moving to Mexico?
Trump is working to do just that. The globalist don't give a tinkers damn about that except for empty promises
how about a $50,000 head tax for each job sent to another country
we love you Donald trump
SO WILL YOU BE CHARGED 35% FOR ALL YOUR TIES, SHIRTS, SUITS, CUFF LINKS, GLASSES, etc. BEING MADE IN CHINA AND MEXICO?
THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT! #Truth #PNW #news #real #mypresident #AmericaFirst #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #americaforamericans
Why does it take you an hour to finish a thought? Is your Alzheimer's bad today?
Carrier have moved jobs to Mexico and giving #CrookedDonny the middle finger over his 35% import tariff.
Love it!! Thank You !!
We needed the best and got the best.Donald Trump is the best.
https://youtu.be/aVlHZh5dvbA 
#Carrier raising AC prices January 1 by 5%. Some deal you got. They got it all!
Maybe if Federal Goverenment taxed less. I mean everyone, citizens and corporations. That this wouldn't be much of an issue
Mess !!
what about ties?
Maybe your selective memory has failed U or has your clothing line went bankrupt. #NotMyPresident
https://youtu.be/SYoOPgeTMQc 
does this mean you will start having your ties and other products bearing your name made in USA ?
who are you to talk ?
https://www.google.com/amp/www.wsj.com/amp/articles/donald-trump-scores-legal-win-in-china-trademark-dispute-1479169494 …
Awesome!
we will be Cuba.
#FLIPPINBOSS...U GO BOY !!!!!WHOA
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/donald-trump-decries-outsourcing-family-brand-manufactured-abroad/story?id=37502012 …
Now EZ 4 Biz 2 stay in USA coz U gonna subsidise BIG TIME Corp' welfare & socialism "Trump only good at licencing" W Buffet
Hey genius - you tax products, guess who pays? Yeah, US AMERICAN CITIZENS. Take an economics class.
What's funny is you cutting corporate taxes then give taxpayer $ to keep those corps in the US. Recession starter are we?
wrong
Hope there's a plan to control inflation, at 70 I don't have many years of work left and my pension isn't very big
Remember a tariff is a tax on the citizens of the USA. Be like Reagan not like Roosevelt. The government shouldn't pick w&L
What about the  transparency of Your Taxes? ? ?
what about China? If u can bring good jobs back to the US at a fair wage so people only need one job to get by? Impressive
You didn't mention clothes or jewelry. Maybe @IvankaTrump knows why. @realDonaldTrump
Oreo's never lowered their price after hiring cheap labor, it did not benefit us.
what about IT jobs going to India and other places outside of USA?
what about ties, shirts, shoes, jackets?
Australia is a perfect test case. All manufacturing gone to Cheap China and E-Asian including auto. Sold themselves cheap.
: Better start with ur daughter as her clothing line is made overseas and much of it in China!!!!!!!!!
You are not to bright sometimes. I like being able to afford clothes and cars.
Will this 35% tax apply to YOUR shitty products which you have produced abroad?
Stop having your ties, suits etc made in China #Unfit
like Carrier?
buy American will help show foreign companies we are no longer interested in their products

if we still have good pay jobs we will be able to pay 35% more on imported products or buy made in America.
What about neck ties, shoes & everything else Trump? Hypocrites
Maybe you & your crony capitalist daughter Ivanka's clothing should be taxed out the wazoo!  @realDonaldTrump @JUDAHsCHILDREN
dude, we're in a global economy. It's a YUGE web. Most companies need to mfr overseas or buy parts from overseas. Too late!
and what about your overseas business bringing goods back here to sell?Ivanka's shoes and jewelery?Ur not exempt from rules
looks like you rewarded Carrier to STILL take jobs to Mexico. Taxpayers fund the scam. Such a joke.
