his taxes would help pay the military and its budget. So yes, his taxes would help defeat Isis
yeahhhh one rich guys taxes pay the entire military budget ok bunny sweetie pie #blondemoment #duh
Julie Julie Julie I am not doing anything except discuss what YOU threw out onto Twitter and the universe.
you can pretend you were "just discussing" without insults but look at your hashtag. We can disagree without insults
do you need a blanket ? Pillow ? Cupcake ? Hug ? Unicorn ? Or safe space ? Because you are no angel sweetie
attempting to condescend only makes your argument look weak.
I agree/appreciate U keepin ur cool while interacting- have u heard he has paid NONE- are u assuming that's what they'll see?
LOL! Were you watching something else?
Your opinion watching periscope.  I actually watched the debate.
Trump lost on taxes, violating Geneva Convention, lying about Ford taking jobs...
you are just like Trump. Make claims you can't back up. Did he not lie about Ford? Tax dodger?
PRESIDENT TRUMP #TrumpWon #debatenight  #LatinosForTrump #Maga
lol esto es un chiste verdad? Estas loco.

Padres d niñas menores d edad
¿Saben como Hillary votó EN SU CONTRA?

(Parents of underage girls,…
y te vuelvo a decir.. q piensas de Trump? Ningún candidato es limpio. Pero en esta ocasión, Clinton es la opción más favorable.
https://twitter.com/american1765/status/780839324413677568 …
eso es criminal. Puedo continuar pero no tengo tiempo para educarte.
se no nota q sabes mucho de él y sobretodo de Hillary! Gracias a Dios que no votas en USA
yeah. You know the "working class" so well.
Hes one of us despite wealth.
u don't pay people's u hire either? Shame on you. #dumptrump #mg1928 looser sticking together. Shame shame shame
You pay ppl if they do the job right and complete it.
if you're going to correct someone's grammar, should should probably not use text speak
should should?????
touché
"blue collar?" yeah if the collar's made out of a blue whale's butthole.
You're so KKKrazy
Trump is an A-Hole...
#TrumpWon @HillaryClinton 

@HillarysAmerica @DineshDSouza @UKIP @PutinRF

@TheDemocrats @NAACP @Nigel_Farage @BLMNational
Blue collar with a lying ring around it.
"Blue Collar"? Your tiny manicured hands have never turned a wrench or operated a machine, and never will. Real men can.
Right because nothing screams "out of touch" like calling yourself a blue-collar billionaire. That's not a thing.
i just loved hillarys eye rolling and better than demeanor!
we 2 r disgusted with washington we r with u
PLEASE DO SOMETHING TODAY TO TURN THIS AROUND. HOW COULD YOU FALL FOR THIS AND GET (cont) http://tl.gd/nmv7v4 
HOW ARE YOUR SNIFFLES?
On Nov8 the election boils down to this: 
Vote for Change OR vote for treading water!
-- The choice is very clear!
thats not a thing
you are out of touch and you had no right to interrupt her while she spoke
Man, I wish my blue collar parents had a spare $14 million to lend me. #TrumpsAnOutofTouchIdiot #MakeAmericanIgnorantAgain
. Maybe you could go out and earn some money.
blue collar?  Born with a silver spoon in ur mouth
Trump must work harder for tge second debate. He cannot assume that he can outargue HC. HC was eloquent and charismatic
he needs his tax money to fund younger wives
What has HRC built
So clearly unprepared for the first debate. So clearly unprepared for the White House.
I KNOW. HILLARY CLINTON IS UNQUALIFIED AND UNTRUSTWORTHY
Hillary ended you
hey swift, you are a nonentity,for real kid
Blue collar millionaire make stuff up as you go along new oxymoron  not blue collar BILLIONAIRE  you looked at your TAX
Blue collar billionaire? When has this man ever done 2 be considered "blue collared? When has he ever told the truth? Nothing true about him
they're a right wing rag #getaglobe
He knows these regulations keep us from issues with tainted food supplies, Bank overreach, water and others he can't change
There isn't a "true blue-collar billionaire." Boston Herald is on acid.
Blue collar billionaire seems to be an oxymoron.
She was magnificent, you not so much.
How did HRC en masse millions and millions in 16 yrs after dead broke????
The Herald is a joke- no one takes them seriously around here.
Wow ~~~ You are so~~~ smart!!! Be carefull Be healthy Trump!!! And Go Go!!! 
nope
never worried about Blue-Collar workers, unless it's how to short change them on payday or out-source their jobs globally.
appalling, she wiped the floor using you as a mop #NeverTrump
Might mean something if @SykesCharlie said it. But when it's a run-of-the-mill right wing talk show host, not so much!
you're over
you are out of touch! Trump plan to get American killed!!!
blue collar?   Hahaha when your son thinks that $1 million is "nothing" then you're not blue collar. LMAO
Love that you added 'billionaire' in there, only to add on to your fat orange ego :)
HRC is probably screaming - Days of prep, 10 previous debate exp, 30 yrs in politics, deception & I still didn't win! #MAGA
I watched the debate, and without any doubt, Trump was the one out of touch.  Blue collar? No way
just unplug her earpiece Mic. Lmao
That's just a blue tie. The collar is still white. It's not the same.
everything about this is fucking hilarious.
Blue Collar folks like myself pay our taxes.    You're a fraud who flies jets and parties with elites.  #Freeloader #turd
blue collar billionaire? you don't even know what a blue collar man is. it's not million$ from mommy and daddy.
@laura_stietz
"Blue Collar" billionaire? The only thing blue collared about you are those shirts made in China, Bangladesh, or Vietnam
No...HRC is very much in touch with the Nation. You are way out of touch. More like out of your mind!
As a republican latino woman, I have decided to vote for Hillary Clinton.  Another "Miss Housekeeping"   Idiot!!!
BLUE COLLAR. BLUE COLLAR EVERY AMERICANS ASS. 1975 DADDY DEPLORABLE LOANS $14.5 mil SMALL LOAN. SURE
Really Donald when you are so 1950.
WOW..
HRC supporter just called @Actually1Ashley an "Uncle Tom" & a "race traitor".
#DebateNight  https://twitter.com/FacMagnaAmerica/status/780619039697756160/video/1 …
Hillary calls us deplorable ! Ashley should have floored him but classy & coward ran off
Proof that dems think blacks belong on the Democrat's Plantation.
Broke my heart there are idiots like that speaking that way to another human
she studied so hard to get her lines in- and failed! Congrats #TrumpWon #hillaryexposed
She studied so hard that she became enlightened that all Americans are now implicist racists.
Boot fits all according to Hillary last night.  Including you.
Morons listens to CNN and seem like you are one of them who is out of touch.
Yes, indeed... And, on so-o-o-o-o many levels!

What is a blue-collar billionaire?  What labor have you ever performed?  You are out of touch -- with reality.
you are the absolute worst.
Can’t wait to see you in the next two debates— I think people are starting to really ‘get’ you!
Yes, and here she is.
women? Rape children, yes! He don't pay his bills and he don't pay his taxes, more like a freeloading criminal

poor donny had to answer questions
Wasted a lot of precious time addressing the real issues that face our country. #TrumpWon
I am sorry; isn't this actually irony on @realDonaldTrump??
People who want to have lower taxes will vote for you
HAHA. ... the people you reference don't pay taxes.
WON, didn't take DJT long 2C he was STUCK with  sedatedwoman&bias moderator.WORKED WITH WHAT HE HAD
The only connection you have to blue collar is stealing thier labor
The only one out of touch with reality is Trump. That was the performance of a child not a man. A homeless man knows more
You and your deplorable supporters are delusional in thinking you won later night. You were incoherent half the time
you lost the debate
"Blue collar Billionare" an oxymoron and an outright lie.
These democrats -preaching human rights and taking human lives all over the world and in US, too!
Kick her ass, dude! 
I think you meant orange-collar
#NeverTrump #LoeTrumpsHate #VoteTuesNov8th #HillaryClinton&Tim Kaine#StrongerTogether
Yeah. Right. Trust Fund Baby Donald. Born with a silver spoon in his mouth. My dad worked in a coal mine, rich boy.
She's so friggin Clueless it's Scary.
You are soooooo full of it!

you are the man!!!!! God will use u to make America great again!!! Praise be to Jesus!!!!
Blue collar my ass,  "small loan of a million dollars..."
@Evaroron It's the opposite! Trump is out of touch with reality!
shut them down about Iraq & birther questions.  That wasn't under your watch!  Who cares as a citizen what u thought

The Lord catches the wise in their own craftiness, and the counsel of the cunning is brought to a quick end. Job 5:13
In your alternative universe, you never lose–couldn't have POSSIBLY lost! But YOU DID!! Badly!!! #LOSER #StupidDonald

typical politician has no clue how business works but she sure can suck up donations from them. Not 1 question on emails???
http://trib.al/9tXWXSe 
Did you miss the part of the debate where you just babbled nonscense mixed with lies?
I don't understand how someone who was raised a millionaire and is a billionaire can still be blue collar
You can't be a blue collar guy. You don't even use your hands in eating pizza and fried chicken.
@Trump_Supporter it's different when you built your wealth through work, instead of using grift , deceit, and faux charity

no such thing
@RealNinjetta . Be careful Donald, the Clinton murder machine is still at work. Protect yourself and your family.
she almost acted to me like she was on some sort of medication ? Kennedy was when he did his first debate with Nixon !
You blamed Lester Holt for not asking the right questions...you are such a whinny "blame someone else looser", DonnyBoy!
Gee, I wonder why he was sniffling so much?  Cocaine maybe?
be strong ur victory is sure & All Biafran ar solidly behind u.
"blue-collar billionaire" lmao aight

You won the debate but you definitely could have done better. I assume you have advisers? Hope so.
Congratulations on playing chess in entirely new dimensions. You won this round, even against Hillary's army of shrinks.
Love you, Trump
Blue collar? You are the epitome of the privileged waster living off Daddy's money.
Have a 'coke' and smile
hahahahahahahaha. out of touch..Ya ran out of words. What happened? You have the best words. Didn't see too many on display
.@realDonaldTrump Not paying any tax is smart. Not paying your contractors and suppliers is smart. Right!
should just drop out save your family embarrassment of seeing and hearing your stupidity. Wanna see your college transcript
quit insulting true & honest blue-collar workers, you tax cheat and womanizer.
you're nothing but an overgrown toddler with a god complex. You lost, bud. Accept it.
: Hillary kicked ur ass last nite. U couldn't even keep it together for 90 minutes
@EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  WATCH THIS LIAR!!!!!
Blue-collar my ass. Just because he talks like an uneducated person doesn't mean he isn't a silver spoon kid.

on what planet have you ever been blue collar? when have you ever done manual labor?
@KellyannePolls
LMAO

She's so out of touch she's going backwards.....
blue collar?! Hahahaha! Delusional! With your"small"  multimillion dollar loan from daddy? OK...
blue-collar ? Please do not speak of being a blue-collar billionaire - show blue-collar workers more respect!
she has no clue about true heartbeat of America.In 1 town hall she responded that she was unaware Obamacare rates going up?
same as any inner city @crookedhillary builder of destruction and Dis pare @seanhannity #trumpwonthedebate
blue collar billionaire? Who are we kidding?
WTF were they watching in their alternatve universe??
blue-collar people pay their taxes
The difference is that Clinton is well
rehearsed on how to elude questions where as Trump, cares only for America.
Got your clock cleaned by a girl. Have another glass of water and snort, sniff, grunt and lie more
Um, he admitted he doesn't pay taxes, has no idea that trickle down sent us into recession, and fat shames.
@ezralevant  She couldn't even wear a flag pin... Maybe at the request of her foreign donors?
Hillary Cinton showed Donald Trump who is worthy, and it's not him. #HillaryWonDebate
are you high? I can't stand Hillary either but she served your head on a platter.

. Crooked Hillary did more backtracking than debating. .. Donald knock it out of the park. Wake up America.  Vote Trump.
Out of touch and soon out of politics once and for all. Sayonara, Mrs. Clinton!
I'm from Russia, and I sincerely wish to make to the American people the right choice. Sickly Clanton you need? 
I think you will be president of USA
hahahahaha. When, where and how?  Lmao. You did no such thing, but lying little hand man. Lmao. She wiped you with your rug
when she said she wont do it again (rmails) we can find a lot of people in jail who would say the same thing to get out
what the fuck even is a blue collar billionaire?
blue collar billionaire? It's more like bullshit billionaire!!
Blue collar? Only blue collar you know about is attached to your Chinese ties.

blue collar millionaire is an oxymoron. But the uneducated followers don't know what that means, so you're good
if the people don't see/ hear what & how Clinton skates around the facts it will come full circle if she wins come Nov.8th
your wife looks miserable.  Can only imagine the nightmare
yes blue collar indeed. When blue collar struggling and paying taxes ttump is pillaging and bragging about not paying taxes
"True Blue?"  ROFLMAO!!!!  Not paying taxes is "SMART," but hanging out with pedophile billionaire IS!
#nostamina
blue collar #liartrump? I don't think I've ever seen him without a white collar.

On @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump said he won a @CBSNews post-debate poll. We did not conduct a post-debate poll.
"Blue collar billionaire"? There is nothing blue collar about him. The "small loan" he admits to was for $1million.
ask Hillary how much it cost tax payers for her "112 country" trips!
nothing blue collar about drumpf

Trump is delusional.
Blue collar Billionaire who is scared to release his tax returns?
A 14 million dollar loan from Daddy does not make one #bluecollar. And without the #taxes. No proof-even a billionaire.
you did Amazing Mr. Trump.... You called her out while America watched. #Trumpwon #TrumpWon
fir the record trump is not blue collar #fake
seriously?  You are a joke!
no, seriously...
Your appearance, manner, attitude and demeanour are grotesque. You are a simple loudmouth bully caring only for yourself.
But that one of the factors was selling US government bonds in ChinaWhy the enemy, it is questionable whether sold a lot
The only way the Clintons know how to make money are illegal use of Clinton Foundation $$$$ and giving speeches for $$$$ .
I would rather be out of touch than a raving lunatic , racist bully, unstable mad man that wants to be a dictator#Dumptrmp
Mrs. Bill Clinton should have been disqualified before the debate. She was heavily medicated. Her eyes & no needing water.
