http://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/trumps-ties-apprentice-raises-conflict-issues-nbc-44096238 …
you are a pathetic representation for America.

God help us all!  We are going to need it.
HACKED ELECTION #NOT MY PRESIDENT!!
1st off no documented proof if anything did occur even BO said didn't bear on outcome & if he did do anything Trump wasn't aware
again..facts please
Love to be a little spefic. Looked at your page. Little obsessed. Hundred anti Trump tweets in a day you deserve special pin
the real trump orange and spineless
oh your as funny as all those shitty liberals comedians. Same result booed off the stage

Move he's your president. + you're miserable, sucks 2 see people lucky enough 2 be Americans not appreciate it n be miserable
Every time you tweet this is the picture that will be attached to your tweet! We will never forget this shameful behaviour!
... This is not true... He is mocking a more than person's behavior when this was made.. It became a symbol of..
What's not true, that he didnt do this? Didnt mock CONTENT of what reprter said, but his disability
... Disabled person who was also among those mocked. The hand waving was about another person...
No, hand waving was of disabled reporter. There's no way 2 spin this & make DT not look like an ass
to be sure he is an ass every time his mouth is open. He mocks many.. Personality flaw evidently.

I would like to see Franklin leading the prayer at the inauguration.
God showed up/ GOD DOESNT FAIL/
Stop. You're embarrassing your children. They just want to stay in the will.
we rejoice time now 2 implement promises re bible in schools marriage redefinition Johnson amendment etc
let's just ignore the fact he is a lying, deceitful and manipulative man child .
Two frauds. 
Congratulations on losing by three million votes. 
HAHA TRUMP WON
A Trump fan that can't count. Quell surprise!
If you want to live somewhere the popular vote counts by all means move.
you first. I'd recommend Russia
agree, congratulations,  we are so proud to have you , vp, and great cabinet picks!
day of national sorrow to follow.
congratulations President
God help us!
Wow, oh my, what a ride. God bless you both. When a man's ways are approved by God nothing can be done -even his enemy's riches will be used
New using twitter. Terrible things said about the two of you...not nice! Never heard of a Pastor Graham in Florida!?
Omg! Wishing America good luck!
You eat shit, Mike!
Congrats! Our first illegitimate US President!




you lost by 3M votes,  LOSER
Buried Obama and reborn a new USA under Trump
Keep tweeting ABCDJ TRUMP.  Adolf Benito Chickenhawk Josef Trump. - Or try leading the country TOGETHER!
Make the senators and congressmen have the ins plsn as we the people who pay them
The "family values" "men". #hypocrites
You are really trying hard but failing to reach the hearts of Americans 
Trump president
we as America are so proud to have our country put back on course !
I am shocked! Know nothing about this! Terrible! Never knew of a Pastor Graham in Florida either!

shut up
come on man don't be mean to the president. That's just not nice
shutup

thats actually you when we criticize him.
that's u when he doesnt come thru. campaign "promises" were catch phrases
get outta here kiddo @realDonaldTrump
IT IS THE BEGINNING OF THE END FOR AMERICA....HIS WIFE IS RUSSIAN FOR HEAVENS SAKE
nobama is Muslim and not even American. Aren't you libs suppose to be loving immigrants?
what's with God in this pic? #Trump does not believe in God. He thinks he's God
fraud
Who is she? And who you talking about, im talking about trump, dont deflect
i'm about the man who is actually sued for fraud, please exit my mentions
yeah, I'll find it as soon as you use the proper grammar, i don't expect nothing less from a deplorable
rather than 20% on goods increase cost for travel across border  for maxican citizens includes flying in

funny how "Christians" can turn a blind eye to adultery, pussy grabbing and deplorable behavior.....
there again is that word that lost the election, "deplorable".
congratulations Mr. President. We have lots of expectations that u will control terrorism more effectively n world peace
hi watched u while ur ceremony. We expect u to kill terrorism n bring world peace. Withdrawing giving money to Pakistan
Don't thank the American voters though, they didn't vote for him... Almost 3 million for the other team...
half whom are dead or illegal. Take those away and recount.
is that y mr orange didnt want the recount. to find the illegals
A man who ridicules disabled people can never be trusted to do the right thing for American citizens.
This is a boring little story you are repeating about the most biased people in the media 
The New York Times?
sorry that you think giving a damn about disabled people is boring
You seem to care about a sick reporter 
Somebody unable to report the truth like most of the media in USA
I care about having a president who has even just the basic skills of an adult. Trump doesn't. AT ALL
I take it you have no idea what Trump means for the future of your country 
I am not a USA citizen but i know
I r not a citizen? Ah. Friend of Putin?

YOU hate gays?? OMG your precious candidate Killary was all for LGBTQ
All your political friends announce their policies on Twitter?
the fact that @realDonaldTrump is now the 45th president officially just goes to show that he indeed was and is anointed by God for a time
The Left & MSM have been
wrong for 18mos. NOW we're suppose to believe their #RussianHack claims?
If you say it long enough you may believe it as true. That's what a year of Hilary will do to you. #FoxNews




for de love of god! do not spill water on trump or feed him after midnight,we dont need trump clones
ha  i try not to spit when I laugh at this pic in the wee hours

SECEDE CALIFORNIA
when you finally figure out that we need imports to survive, isolationist will not succeed
I don't think this is what Trump had in mind to "unite" the country.
unification is only possible by the destruction of those who hurt our society for the last 30 years
Bridgett, go back to Tumblr
with Putins help you mean

I read Ayn Rand and Trump is on the right side of history
--the Isaiah 41:10
So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am [1/3]
Hope to see Franklin Graham 
at the White House......
Retweeting Evangelicals does not make you a Christian.

why after 8yrs Obama babysitter retire w/150K pay per year..tax going out the window... (his mother in law)
#Moron #LoserinChief  #PutinsPuppet totally illegitimate, all you are is leader of Admin nothing more #sad
Sonds like you were worried?

 #MAGA
. Congratulations Donald Trump. We Biafrans Love Donald Trump.Peace has come to the world again.America Grt
 Trump-Pence- MAGA 
And we will continue to hold you under a microscope; examining every thought, word & deed.
YOU GOT THAT WRONG IT THE PUTIN-ELECT!!!
Keep telling yourself lies, they soon become true! 4years of hell!#popular vote 2.8 million!
Retweeting random Congrats still doesn't make up 3 million votes, nice try tho.
Congratulations and Thank You for caring about the little guys @realDonaldTrump
: "And it's official. We have reached the beginning of the end."
There, fixed it for you.
God Bless America and President Donald J. Trump 
Bocelli Cancels on DT. For first time in Presidential history no musician of class will play at a Presidents. inauguration
good

Another Big Tax Dodger!
@ hooray, God BLESS AMERICA, the SILENT MAJORITY HAS SPOKEN, and the loud outspoken spoiled children have to listen.
#doyouhaveanyideahowmanypeoplecantstandyou?
The American decline is official.
Still no one who wants to perform at your coronation?
Yes, praise God for anointing Donald Trump to be President Trump.

https://www.google.com/amp/www.chicagotribune.com/news/opinion/commentary/ct-trump-business-conflicts-of-interest-20161219-story,amp.html … Conflict after conflict, #unfit #Corrupt #usefulidiot #putinpuppet
fraud, ignorant, narcissistic fool.  You'll destroy america.
congratulations  to our New President  .
you lost big time! How does it feel to lose? Almost 3 million votes for Hillary #Notourpresident
What values of Trump's do you want christian's to follow? He's such an example for children.
let's dig some coal
congrats from Indian Hundus

VOMITVOMITVOMITVOMITVOMITVOMIT VOMITVOMITVOMITVOMITVOMITVOMIT VOMITVOMITVOMITVOMITVOMITVOMIT
I just vomited.
how can u lose by 3 million votes and win? The election was rigged!!!
Congratulations and many blessings to our President Trump and Vice Pence.  A new era is about to begin
What do  you pay the RR to ignore your total lack of Christianity? A fellow phony?
gag!
President-elect Donald Trump will bring religious values back to the White House. With Franklin Graham.
I love you dad
it would be great if the businesses of the president and all the cabinet bought and hired american
Are you such an approval craving narcissist that you need to tweet out that someone likes you? Not enough love as a child?
Release your tax returns! Divest your conflicts of interest! Attend your intelligence briefings!
Booo!
I think Frankie and the son of Pat Robertson were switched at birth

now its time for impeachment #LOCKHIMUP
They just don't quit whimpering despite the facts
Donald cheated his way into the White.  What else can we expect of such a con man. Shameful Dark day
Elaine Ingham for Agriculture
we didn't vote for you getbit in your head cant you see that no bodylikes you your dispicable SCAMER DISGU
Wake me up in 4 years from this nightmare. Protect us dear Lord from this quack. And forgive those voters

There are no congratulations for such a loser. #UnpresidentedLoser
@Mike_Beacham @Franklin_Graham let's make America Great Again!!!!
sold his soul kissing @realDonaldTrump on the ass. #EvangelicalismIsOurDownfall
Franklin Graham the LGBT hater even when medical science affirms your ignorance you choose not to believe.
how can you call yourself a Christian encouraging a racist bigot. Guess you are too.
Seriously #cheetohitler? You are retweeting congratulatory tweets at midnight?!? Do you have nothing better to do?
omg!!! AGAIN  He congratulated himself again! WTF is he doing?!
http://www.blogtech.info/2016/12/mideast-diplomats-trump-is-better-than.html?m=1 …
-Hillarys last chance to stop Trump is over once and for all. Now it's time to fade away and count the millions you stole!!
Can your pathetic ego get any bigger? Tell us how it feels to be the worst president ever. Not even in office yet. #Fraud
please do not retweet every congratulation it only looks like your feeding your never ending ego!
 Love it
Goes to show there is no God.

an apostate supports an abomination. Go figure
seen the good you have done for NYC!! America will be great again! GO TRUMP!!!
we love Billy Graham We Love Donald Trump and Franklin Graham God will be your guiding force
congratulations sir I'm very proud

to bad they were Forced n couldn't vote otherwise...sad day when u elect a LOSER prez
#Unpresidented.  You'll never be president, Donald.  Never.

and the votes cast are in and it's official, you lost by almost 3 million. 
B/c most saw you as a fraud
it's time they put Christ back into Christian. Your father would be so ashamed of you Franklin.
Never in History has a President been congratulated by so many men of Jesus Christ. Thank you Trump
there never was any doubt. Congratulations for the 3rd time for winning   Can't say it enough though 
Congress and the Supreme Court must stop the Trump insanity and remove him and Pence for Americas safety!
You mean thank you Vladimir
from one bigot to another
Congratulations to President-the electoral votes are in and it's official."Thank you-babu  008801556342377
I'm certain he doesn't have the mental capacity to learn definitions of words like sociopath,or narcissist.

Thank you @Franklin_Graham 4 rallying the Christians @realDonaldTrump You have all the Christians behind you Mr. President.
Yay, you lost with 3 million votes so the US is not a democracy. Only idiots like you would cheer about that.

@RiskRank @Franklin_Graham watching to see who takes him down
Now, be an intelligent, kind, well spoken adult who filters his comments and doesn't get our country blown sky high!
rather than quote everyone via twitter, just list names on a giant billboard w/caption "I need attention"

#resist
Enjoy it now. You will be the most hated man in the world for the next 4 yrs. Thank God 4 comedians who will keep us sane.
#MAGA
- Franklin is the spawn of Satan and Donald suckles at his tit.
congratulations president Trump the new president of the United States
CAN YOU DO ME A FAVOR AND BLOCK ME SO I NEVER HAVE TO SEE YOUR TWEETS
Congratulations Mr. President! I am so proud of our nation. God bless Trump & Company!
America is going through in under 300 years what Rome did in 1000 years. Trump is Caligula.
Congrats. No one ever doubted your win
this guy right? https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/source-trump-nearing-settlement-in-trump-university-fraud-cases/2016/11/18/8dc047c0-ada0-11e6-a31b-4b6397e625d0_story.html …
Trump, stop retweeting congratulations to yourself. It makes u look even dumber. #UnpresidentedTrump #LoserinChief
You should be thanking Putin your BFB.
