no there not ...not at all just like your Ford Lie ...it's over Donnie
there? There? No, fool, it's they're
“We got a lot of angry callers...quite a few cancellations” But expected blowback and did not regret its decision.
@JBHTD
There's a whole disconnected reality in your head, isn't there? Your campaign needs to up your meds...or have you committed
Dear Trump. Your fan base doesn't read newspapers.
#DonTheCon is tearing down the new media again.  Sad.  Very Sad.

The more you rally for chaos,  riots,  intimidation and harassment the more the people get it - vote for Hillary
-Right on Donald! Add Boston Globe to Hillary shills.
@Esteban15120999 next boycott Utah. At least for 30 years. They can thank Romney!
You have some nerve insulting women with that bad weave and toupee...your fast food paunch . Your bad make up. Get real
only in your mind Drumpf. .take a hair pin or two our of your brain . In fact lose the dead animal on your head .
I suspect the 58 papers that have endorsed your opponent will be just fine.
just spoke with the Editor in Chief and Owners they lost less than 100 weekly subscribers in AZ ...and None on Ohio.

your deplorable. .hope you have evidence of that sex tape ..libel suit coming your way
This never happened
@reviewjournal Every major US newspaper has endorsed Clinton, not the LVRJ. The people of LV & NV are disgraced by u
Face it you're a terrible candidate.
hhahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahahhaahahahhaahhahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahhaaaahhahahahaha
REALLY! Do you honestly think you are that relevant? Answer.....NO!!!
You r so screwed. Kellyanne should have never let you off your leash but now you pooped all over the house. Bad Cheetohead
wtf? Attack Dems over arcAn cetin voting you fool! Why are you trying to lose ?
@alexisegeland shade
and the twitter meltdown continues ....
go away.  Far away
talk ISSUES!!
HRC tactics are beneath you now. The only thing you have to prove is that you WILL MAGA! Be Presidential. We crave it!
release your tax returns con man
you obviously do mind people who happen to disagree with you. Who even dare DISLIKING you. "Gag them all! I am smarter!"
check your hotels reservations  you are killing your own business too
At this rate there will be no newspaper subscribers, because NO NEWSPAPER endorses you!!!!
So would your moms pimp!
yes we do!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
And the papers couldn't care less!! #GoHillary
Hitler didn't like the press either! #Trump35
he is right the people get it. He is less than 35% nationally.
love  u you're BEST in the WORLD  At Everything You Do 
they're entitled to an opinion
no more gutter trap. Let's hear more abt bubble, ICANN, O's new bailout, @#2A, uranium, @KellyannePolls @mike_pence
amazing how all theses papers are not on your side. They are reporting the truth something you know nothing of. #BIGASS!!!
they get it all too well...they don't support you!
Unlike you, they've put principles over profit.
@NeilTurner_ #BanUSAToday
#BOYCOTTUSATODAY
BORED AND LAZY TRUMP,  you need to stop being lazy about your duty aggressively learn the fact and prepare for debate
Don't forget the Cincinnati Enquirer.  I just re-subscribed after they had the good sense to endorse @HillaryClinton.
Stay on message.... stick to the issues we care about. Stop with all the other stuff
desperate times for #DonTheCon as his chances of Presidency plummet.
cancel your campaign
cancel your life
the media has been in the tank for a long time before  Donald Trump but he will  win anyway
@MrEdTrain @realDonaldTrump current mainstream media is a thing of the past you're reading this on the future

We are sick of lying media!  Go Trump.  Expose them all!
you're suggesting that your supporters read regularly?  LOL.
Yes especially the Word of the Lord
which makes their support of him even more laughable.
Guess you don't like what it says about you Enjoy the fire
"Enjoy the fire"? Wow.
Repent
I'm sorry, I'm not following you. Repent what?
The people get that you're unfit to be President, yes.
Now you tell me who is unfit #CrookedlyingHillary
You're glossing over the hundred unfit things Trump did just this past week, let alone the 70 years prior.
oh please no one beats Killary in being a Crook! Believe that!!!
Very hard to insult women, Hispanics & obese people eating Skittles in just one sentence but Donald did it!  #Trump
I'm Latina and voting Trump You didn't hear HIM say anything about her HRC was the one who made the up lie
By "International Bankers secretly plotting the destruction of America" you meant the Jews, right?
I'm tired of the media moguls playing havoc with lies and propaganda....just signed my mail in vote, you got it Sir!
so how you feel that a women kick your ass jajaja poor mucho hombre razist
do you hear the people sing? Singing the song of angry men?
Submit to polygraph to prove your innocence. What do u have to lose?
I can't wait until Hillary is president
lol you seriously need to have your phone taken away from you
and she needs to be locked up!! You seem to be a young man how can you be so UN-American
US election 2016: Trump accused of Cuba embargo breach
@BBCWorld  PUT DOWN the BOTTLE & the BONG LADY!!
ODUMASS betrayed Cuban Americans w/smile & a Coke!!
did it!!! Cancel these Rag Mags!!
Hi.

Love this.  Thanks for sharing.
lol, true that u and trump r on fantasy land not reality. dream on,
True that you are a brand new hillary troll. Lol.
Hahaha. A troll calling me a troll.
they gained, not lose!
you have ZERO newspaper endorsements. People who read don't like you.
@HillaryClinton stood my her man in good and bad times. They were married once not thrice. So what makes you better???
Circulation actually went up after endorsing Hillary.  Don't be lying now. #Sad
You need to research Travel-Gate on Hillary to know when to use it during the #PresidentialDebates
cancellation of subscriptions TALK. VOTETRUMP 
when you show us your tax return or your letter of audit from IRS you earn my vote. Otherwise I'm with her.
your supporters have never read a newspaper, much less subscribed to one.
#CrookedMedia Bias
I'm up late

Snort some coke and say some stupid shit

Please

http://www.gq-magazine.co.uk/article/donald-trump-melania-trump-knauss-first-lady-erections …
its easier to cancel you
Indeed. Stop reading newspapers. You said you love uneducated people, Donny.
I am buying gift subscriptions for family and friends to all of those. You have NO major media endorsements
just got a subscription to spite you!  WE the People have nothing but CONTEMPT FOR YOU!
Probably under new management, definitely not considering her resume
I am on your side, however you are hurting yourself! No one believes Hillary just lay back and let her lose!
What "People"?  Oh yeah, YOUR people, who I seriously doubt subscribe to any newspapers, so no problem here, is there?
you might be the dumbest man I have ever encountered.
Clever.  HRC is really the enemy of the press.  With 80% of their endorsements, they lose sales and close!  Brilliant
people get it that it was smart to cancel admission to your failed Trump U.
The bigots that support you are the ones that are upset!
But Mr Trump, PLEASE let your supporters fight those battles. WE WILL, so don't dignify them by even reacting. We need you!
Proof?
you are a bully and a liar.
LESTER HOLT, JAMES COMEY, MISS AMERICA, AND LEFT-WING MEDIA, BOUGHT AND PAID FOR!!!
I doubt very many of your cult actually subscribe to REAL publications Much like you theyre only into the tinfoil hat crap
the only way to teach these people a lesson is, hit them in the pocketbook!
what world do you live in? The poll numbers, reports, things you say must be coming from those little voices in your head
do the little voices in your head have names?
because they tell them the truth and they can't handle the truth.
Yeah! Because wiping out the opinions of those who oppose you is how you run a happy country. USA and USSR. USSA?
And according to the article in today's AZ Republic, people have called to subscribe in support of them.
Because obviously fact-checking isn't the job of the press.
Donald, pls stop tweeting about sht nobody cares about,i.e. bimbo ms universe, etc. Stick to issues tht matter.
ACTUALLY THEY GAINED THOUSANDS
Pouting about even more newspapers endorsing @HillaryClinton or saying don't vote for you? #GrowUp #Unqualified #Unfit #GOP
.@realDonaldTrump They learn that you whine if ppl don't treat you like a special angel w/ 9th place ribbons disguised as 1st prize.
no, no they don't.
.@realDonaldTrump think the Wall Street Journal will as well? More and more is coming out abt U- lying, cheating,law-breaking
.@realDonaldTrump More "unnamed sources" by DT. So don't believe per DT's own advice! No paper endorses DT. None!  Nada!  Zilch!  Zero!.
yes the people get it. They saw you had nothing to offer during the first debate.
Idiot.
Now you know you're supporters don't read, Donald.
PLS stop already!!! Get on the issues and HRC. Quit this bs, u lose its on U. Nu supporters, you need them to win.
I  believe  in freedom of  the  press... freedom of  speech. Do you Trump?
Everyone, this is a BIG BUSINESS who wants the gov't run as always, HURT THEM, I will never spend another dime on USA TODAY
-- focus on her policies.  Ignore the stupid media and get on Clinton's record.  This deplorable wants you in the WH
Yes,ppl do "get it".You don'tneed 2 discuss ANYTHING except 2 TOPICS:Hillary's corruption...and...DETAILS of your platforms
USAToday nailed it. Bye bye Trump. You dumbed down politics...hard to do but you did it.
THE PRESIDENT DOES NOT JUDGE BEAUTY PAGEANTS. Who cares what he called some lady
Stop the constant stream of negative comments. Your message is being overshadowed by it. People will stop listening.
Excellent! Hit 'em in their bank accounts. Leftist media should be SHUT DOWN.
Absolutely, you know what else the people get?, man behind 3am tweet is an ego maniacal sociopath who will never be @POTUS
give it up Donald. The clown show is over
SMART PEOPLE DUMP HISSY FIT DONALD TRUMP 

SAVE AMERICA VOTE HILLARY CLINTON 

SAVE AMERICA VOTE BLUE CONGRESS SENATE
And you will lose voters if you don't stop the petty whining about stupid crap. Stay on point. Annihilate Clinton! Win Win!
Anyone with Eyes and ears can smell the fix in the media - lies,lies,lies - deceptive use of quotations... The joke is on u
go trump
OOOH We ARE GETTING it!
Thousands of people have renewed their subscriptions to the publications taking a stand against my horrifying incompetence!
desperate little man words of a future loser
Asolutely cancel all subscriptions to these lousy locations holding up the media that is far left, disgusting. No freedom
@PatVPeters I agree but quit giving those jerks so much to work with! You were surging and didn't do debate homework!
To bad they can not do the same for Time magazine  and  Sports illustrated. They support anti patriots
the Republic is shit anyway. Lol
How come no legitimate newspapers are endorsing you? Are you really unpopular? You should look into that. Sad!
where not ..we are watching your sex tape
Yes, the people get it, and these papers are representing what the people feel. Just wait- you will see.#NeverTrump
" I try not to deceive [reporters] or to be defensive...the ways most people get themselves into trouble with the press."
.... Hey.. Thanks for having that great Endorsement from USA Today delivered to every room in every one of your hotels! YAY
so your solution to bring jobs back is to tank newspapers that dont like you?
you're so jealous, it's sad...  NOT!!!
Trump you should be sued for saying this
Canceled our Des Moines Register account long ago when they began bashing you.  
Too bad the donald doesn't get it. NOT! Keep up the bad work. We love you for it. VOTE HRC. The donald is voting for HRC.
newspapers r obsolete anyways - only read the sports section on Sunday
The people are really smart to sue tiny Donald for Trump U, why would a billionaire run such a scam. He isn't one!! #TinyD
U mean 1stCartoonRag[usa2day] w/more pics thn words boycot'd?
?Ploy4CircWoes&RationaleSupport2Stockholdrs4Pull'gPrintEdtn?
oh no i can't handle criticism
Oh little Donny Drumpf! You are so lost in the comb - over. #BUFFOON
USA no longer on my phone!!
you clearly don’t. You must be so deluded
so you believe in censorship like oh say...Hitler?
this is a way to decrease jobs, trying to sabotage people and companies there are not agree with you? Make America great ?
Damn right. We should talk about this. You have a short finger problem and you grope women.
give me a subscription to all of these enlightened newspapers
Maybe people should just stop reading. It appears that there are no journalists supporting trump.
Yeah, help the employees there to lose their jobs because they dared to use the 1st amendment & u didn't like it.
still doesn't say much for you. Grow up. This race far too important for you to make this about you cuz then U will lose.
Trump   is a hot mess
They nothing but Cuntservative nut jobs.
Don't worry Mr. Dump, your followers can't read 
LIKE HELL THEY DO, YOUR A BOLD FACED LIAR...GO AWAY AND LEAVE US http://ALONE.YOU  ARE DELUSIONAL.#NEVERTRUMPS
YES, WE DO GET WHAT YOU ARE DOING. USING CAMPAIGN FUNDS TO MAKE YOURSELF RICHER.DISGUSTING.#NEVERCONMANTRUMP
WHY,bc they tell the Truth of things we have the right to know and u try to hide? I don't understand u . Not adult BEHAVIOR
the problem EXTORTION
How many newspapers endorse You Trump?  And who are they?
oh don't be silly...those people don't read newspapers
Trump was a porn star with Playboy, go check records
please tell me  it is not true about the tax situación
Newspapers are hard. You have to read them and stuff...
yes we can do this
uh...yeah, they're really not.
just like Harvard was smart for rejecting your sorry ass. Does it sting that Obama is better than you in more ways than 1?
Your single argument is, "everyone is wrong & I'm right" denying facts doesn't make your words true!
#URsimplyridiculous
do your hotels count? Or have you not sorted that out yet?
Look loo
