@JesseLehrich Was before/after phony investors/Clinton donors secured 20% US uranium, thx2Hillary?
@JesseLehrich Clinton "charity" is on watch list & neither Clinton is welcome in Haiti. Scam. http://nypost.com/2015/04/26/charity-watchdog-clinton-foundation-a-slush-fund/ …
you are America's God with all the stuff you claim you will fix in 4 years. Time to call out a bullshitter!!
And you can solve problems anywhere, even on the golf course! But that depends on the depends, doesn’t it?
I Voted for Hillary. You insult me every time you insult her. She is not crooked ! You have no class at all. No statue and no dignity !
she doesn't have the stamina unless there is a large amount of illegal illicit funds attach to it ,she only cares for $$$$$
@HillaryClinton 30 yrs of corruption has finally come to an end. She is the super predictor within! Thank You Trump!
And you can!
realDonaldTrump @Lucky5713 she won't solve the issues 4blacks cuzshe prefers2 provide 4 the immigrants she's letting in.
and what have you ever done to advance the interest of African Americas? Answer: Never.

Bruce Carter sounds like a confused individual. considering the source of the article I reserve judgement.
@HAlexander2 @realDonaldTrump
are you trying to make a point? #UseYourWords
@AmericanVoterUS why would she want to?  It's success in their mind. #alinskyrulesforradicals
: And you can???
Cpt. Chapter 11 will be able to though, huh?
Hillary better quit the race, go home to take care of aging Bill
@realDonaldTrump
Democrats need poor people like drug dealers need addicts. Supply and demand.
Niether will you.
what about poor white people?
كل زق
do u have anything else to say positive ur tweets come in in seconds on my phone
only you can keep us kids safe, dad!
come into our communities and talk TO us. DM me. I'll pick you up.
can't solve male pattern baldness without looking like a hurricane victim.
she is an american, an american can be a muslim and american
including everyone would have a better impact...the delivery has to change
truth!
.@realDonaldTrump well for starters she's never tried to deny African Americans housing.
you wouldn't rent to minorities. your father was arrested at kkk riot. you want to deport everyone. very weak
will solve all those problems...by getting rid of all Hispanics and African Americans.
Sir, my father a Korean War.
Sir, my father was a Korean War vet who died in January. He said only you could fix it. God bless you. Keep fighting!
@realDonaldTrump
Charity is on watch list--and neither Clinton is welcome in http://Haiti.talk  about scam. http://nypost.com/2015/04/26/charity-watchdog-clinton-foundation-a-slush-fund/ …
@nypost Trump did business in Cuba violating embargo in 98. Story just out today . Game over
Oh stop! Who cares? That's not destroying evidence, stealing billions...
no  evidence to back up any of that nonsense.  Get into the basket
Calling her a bigot was wrong. Does not help you. I will vote for you but tone down the name calling.
.@realDonaldTrump Repetition does not make it true! What is UR plan?
You're a racist
Listening to him talk. 

And this
Racist? Clinton Crime bill locked up a generation of black men. Hillary hates Black people.
So no defense of trump. Because you now he's racist.
Trump never used Black or Hispanic until Hillary made a big thing of their votes.
Have you ever been to Mar-A-Lago Club? Plenty of cheap visa hispanic help
Actually I have. There are very few hispanics but many seasonal H1B European workers
YOUR ARE THE ONE AND ONLY THAT CAN DO THIS!! WHY WOULD ANYONE VOTE FOR CROOKED HILLARY THE BIGGEST BIGOT OF AMERICA! NOT ME
We want to know how you will do better. Real policies. Not just slamming one another. That's immature and why you're losing
you discriminated against black&brown people in housing so I don't think you have any credibility to promise anything.
Yeah, Republican Governors and reps have done so much to expand opportunity for the underclass.
YEAH WE KNOW SHE CAN'T ...BUT SHE AINT GONNA SHIP US BACK.......
I'd rather hear how you think you could do that.
Oh. But you can? U can't even run a comb thru that wig of yours.
hey grow up. Seems u would prefer a corrupt, lying security risk as President. Shame in you.
Seems like @realDonaldTrump was describing himself on the campaign trail but just used Hillarys name because EVERYTHING HE CRITICIZED HER ON
HE'S TURNED AROUND AND DONE.
Absolutely. Didn't stop there. Same thing with Obama. He criticized then did same thing but worse.
You're absolutely right @AnsonDownes this is just too much bs to type in one tweet. @Twitter has to up it to 280.
Yeah.
not when she, and likeminded people, thrive on keeping them down!  #MAGA
No Clintons are welcome in my world of patriotism in America. God is upon them
You haven't offered any solutions either, clown.
That is certainly a word
you don’t care about minorities bigot.  You are an empty suit and a sociopath.  Ur devoid of any values or feelings.
Because women are smart and powerful and men are intimidated?
No cause she's a lying pychohoses beasts
Talk to me when you learn to write.
You should seriously consider pulling the stick out of your ass, you'll be so much more comfortable, I assure you
You really must resort to horrific violent metaphors? Wonder why that is?
Donald, before deporting 11M american citizens I think you should read the constitution
Trump wants to deport illegals NOT citizens and bar entry from terrorist hotspots, not deport Muslims.
if I'm you I would be ashamed of admitting I voting for a lier. You have no clue of what.
Terrible argument. Hillary Clinton lies so much no one can even pretend she's truthful.
in the same breath Anderson asked what about the good people. We don't know who is who?
just stop! Stop trying. No one is believing you
Check again. There is a lot of us behind Trump!!!!!
CHECK again. NO THERE AREN'T! MANY ARE AGAINST #TRUMP Sanity and common sense will prevail!
I hope it does prevail for us all. Trump only hope we have this election.
He is the most hypocritical man, who is a racist, bigot, complete phoney, who provides zero hope.
Disagree. You seem to have a lot of hate towards Trump. I don't know what's behind that but we loveDT
To actually state you don't know what's behind my complete distrust of #trump confirms you are fake & dishonest.Typical trumpite.
I am not dishonest. You don't even know me. I want good ppl on Supreme Court among other things I believe Trump will provide.
you're so transparent it's laughable.
@ZiffyKat Not in her short lifetime. And she hasn't in her 30+ years of being in politics.
@tceeheyho H.R.C. says THE SKY IS THE LIMIT:  WISH SHE'D MAKE LIKE A BIRD  FLY & NEVER STOP
@DonaldJTrumpJr Washington D.C. no more gravy train .....Here comes the Trump Train!!!!
what about all the people that are already here they need to go to work Donald Trump knows that he's trying to help us
Hillary is not trying to solve our problems...  She "is" our problem!!!
good
Another day, another attempt to SUCK UP TO AFRICAN-AMERICAN & HISPANIC'S. Like they don't remember!
DON'T NEED TO SUCK UP TO BLACK PEOPLE. CONTINUE TO SUCK UP TO UNEDUCATED WHITE PEOPLE & WHITE SUPREMACIST.
.@realDonaldTrump it amazes me how you say Hillary Clinton won't solve problems when people like you are the cause of them #NeverTrump
So what has HRC accomoplished in 30 yrs public service???
CHIP, Foster Care Reform, the CDD, Mental Healthcare for our Veterans, 9/11 First Responders Bill, etc. I can go on and on
Supporting and helping is NOT an accomplishment
you don't think it takes a lot of effort and work behind the scenes to get work done? Fine. Keep living in lalaland.
Ok she works hard   WHAT HAS SHE DONE   8 yrs senate  4 yrs SEC STATE  even she does not talk about her accomplishments
what acomplishments?
You don't even know the definition of bigotry, do you?
You suck.
pls shut up kitty
libtard kitty get a life
You'll never crack 5% of the minority vote.  so long don-the-con this campaign is already over.
Wait after the vote counting,you will be surprised.Minorities are tiered of the condescending,empty promises.
sorry, romney lost badly with 17% of minor. @realDonaldTrump will get less than half of that. electoral coll already lost
if you're so confident in that why you trolling? Where u get your crystal ball?.
I want to see how un-american and anti-constitution the Trumpanzee fudunamentalist jihadists are
do u have another prediction all knowing one?
hey, your furher pretends to not know who you are. what's up with that? https://thinkprogress.org/trump-alt-right-ignorance-7d4b39835e4d#.48uzpkm7q …
@Medium u trying to fit me in a label? Is that something your crystal ball says?
denying apt leases to African-Americans wasn't good to start, Donnie, then your vitriol against Mexicans sealed the deal.
"vitriol to Mexicans"?He talked abt illegals committing crimes-what does have 2do w/law abiding Mexicans?
immigrants commit crimes at lower rates than native-born citizens. Linking immigration to crime is a racist misrepresentation
study has been debunked over&over-compared narrow wedge of teenage offenders. Look at govt stats.38%  http://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2015/07/illegal_aliens_murder_at_a_much_higher_rate_than_us_citizens_do.html …
"debunked" by who? Look at the conclusions of a conservative immigration center
Dude. That study is from 2009. I just sent you current numbers.
ha! so your argument is that immigrants became more "criminal" in the last 6 years? Be serious
And here: Hispanics now counted separate from whites. Look at crime rates. http://www.amren.com/archives/reports/the-color-of-crime-2016-revised-edition/ …
yes, of course, i trust the taco bowl eating rich white man. Thank you, o savior, for your heavenly salvation.
And you will with tax cuts for the top 1%, #Dipshit ?
THIS IS 100% TRUE. HOW DO WE KNOW. BECAUSE SHE'S A DEM INSIDER AND THEY HAVE BEEN PUSHING THIS SINCE 1965 #Trump @twitter
Neither will you! Minorities doesn't want an alleged RAPIST and Russian Sympathiser to represent them. A$$hole!!! @realDonaldTrump
neither will any other racist, upper-class scum.
You think you can sit.
or so they matter NOW??? Mtchw
@realDonaldTrump
--and you have no history that you could do anything for minorities either...
Because you say so? Here's a problem for you to solve, release your taxes. #TrumpTaxes
what make you think you can solve all the problems america face you always say you can fix it. Get real you're not god!
Of course not you imbecile. Hillary can't be in every house telling them right from wrong. This is psychological.
HILLARY's the BEST!  Authentic, caring. You could learn from her.
Big words you undervalue your golf courses to get tax breaks who is more American you or the Illegal immigrants?
W Putin, Turkey, Iran Fast Boats taunting #USNavyDestroyer it looks like we are headed towards #WW3
and neither will YOU
you will destroy America.
TRUMP SUPPORTER MUST SEE!
Blah, blah, blah until you release your tax returns!
You are so right!
Hilary has plans and platforms, and a record to stand you. You have nothing.
Pls cont to say "Shame on you Hillary" she's not fit to be in or near the Whitehouse. #MAGA #MASA
Not while the #GOP runs the House. Vote #Democrat in November.  Let's take the House & Senate back and raise #MinimumWage
you could never ever fix America
.@realDonaldTrump Will she solve the problems in ANY community.  How about Appalachian or Indian reservations - leave out the hyphens!
With less than 1% of the African-American vote, you are getting real desperate now. Calling Hillary a Bigot HYPOCRITE!!!!!!
@seanhannity  the continual use of bigot and racist are minimize their impact
neither will u!Duh
"#Clinton 2address the racism of her2008campaign",Minorities suffer more 2day;#DNCleak proved racism
Thought Pres Obama would be best thing to happen for race relations, instead more indoctrination to retain victim status.
What would be the incentive for Hillary to solve problems she intentionally caused w/purpose of suppressing a whole race?
UR racist self won't come close! #TrumpApocalypseWatch #DumpTrump #DonTheCon #NeverTrumpers #trumpunfit
States control Education, Safety Minimum Wages as YOU WISH!
very true
@jhausler09. NEVER !!!!
You worse than Hillary refund the funds you conned people from trump university and declare your taxes..
Obama has done nothing to help black American's. The Dems use them for false promises.
so glad that you care  about us "BLACK PEOPLE"  It has nothing to do with the fact that you want us to vote for you right?
Can you look into a person's heart and tell if they are BBB real or just a politician ?
Donald 
you don't really care about African Americans, remember?!? u said we are inherently lazy.
GO AWAY
Clintons party has had eight years to do it
why doesn't @HillaryClinton talk about her accomplishments??????
delete your account
she doesn't want to .. She just their vote and will do or say anything to get it
she could, but she won't! And I seriously doubt you will either! The rich only care about one thing, how to get wealthier.
LIE DETECTOR  LIE DETECTOR  LIE DETECTOR  dare u COWARD BULLY LIAR
 WHAT THE HELL DO U HAVE TO LOSE Donny?Huh? U said it!
And I'm sure you'll solve them by a marking "C" on applications? #DontheCon
I'm STILL waiting for help. Disabled, need training & education. I want to get out of the system, not stuck in the system!
.@realDonaldTrump "We must vote Nov 8th to keep American Gov from being sold to highest bidder" #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
And with your vast knowledge of steak sales, you will. Got it. Thanks Trump!
no she won't. It benefits her not too. She keeps them broke and dependent on the govt
@william_fannon You can't solve
 what you don't want to change
your the answer? The house and congress have had 8 years but sat on their hands they control all & will they listen to you?
Did you forget the union workers you put into poverty by not paying you bills
Hillary has been on the Obama train and they have Not Solved Any Problems in 8 Years!
If you called me a rapist, nothing you say would make me trust you. Sit down, and let the adults speak now.
somebody better do something because nobody has any jobs anymore fill a cup too much and it spills over and make some mess
MUST WATCH!
Please stop speaking about communities you know nothing about. You are pandering! #GrossDT
you're the one causing the problems?
and rascist Trump will never be President
Excellent We  are proud of you to win keep talking this again and again.God loves you being blessed by poor people
She doesn't care about people at all! She needs more money and power.She and Bill were dead broke after W. House. Hahaha
She's been fixing those very things for decades.
love you and what you stand for. The Best. 
Now does she want to. Her political success is inextricably tied to exploiting those suffering from Dem Pty failed policies
@realDonaldTrump
You can't even solve the problems of the crap coming out of your mouth.
@realDonaldTrump
says the man who's hiding his failures in his taxes
empty promises, show me the plan!!! Actions speak louder than words- #blowhardtrump
Trump has released no policy addressing these issues. But he has been endorsed by David Duke/KKK!  @realDonaldTrump
Hillary's loyalty to unions will out trump any attempt at vouchers and charter schools for minority schools.
You're incapable of running an effective, professional campaign. How could you possibly solve our nation's problems?
That goes to poor white too.
I really don't like your speech, you are diminishing blacks @  Latinos. They aren't the only stragglers! Be real sir!
Because she can't come down off her perch to live like we all do on a daily basis. 
#NeverHillary 
#TrumpPence2016
GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! !
You should focus on what YOU can do, rather than what others can't do.
she'll let her husband do everything... maybe lewinsky.too...
CROOKED CRONIES too!
And you will?  Oh, I forgot that you have a very good brain.
??AND YOU WILL??? GET REAL CHUMP!!
He's pandering for black votes while talking 2 a white crowd. What a jackass.
Believe me...YOU will NEVER solve any problems in any community on this planet because you have no plans to do so.
agreed however they need to give Trump a chance. What do the have to loose?
What specifically is your plan to help those communities?
@SCroixFreePress Doubt she wants 2.Keeping them poor & miserable allows her get their votes w endless lying.Low info voters
either will you
Do you want to or will lead the free market enterprise for entrepreneurs as the global Amway
She like all democrats only want their vote!
I still prefer "crooked Hillary" to trump the chameleon.As a African American I have everything to lose in Trump presidency
what's your plan? #don't havens
And you will....? It makes me sick to the stomach to think that you may become the leader of the free world...!
every time Hillary brings up Breibart,  bring up the mysterious death of the founder of Breibat,  Andrew Breibart
jackass
Yes. For. A. Fact. She. Crooked. Hilary.
insane,uncontrollable,defiant,delusional,psychotic,full of ur self, big windbag,and most important
UR A DAMN LIAR.Old Goat
Hillary has put our country and war fighters in harms way with her carelessness of classified material for her own benefit.
@SandyHermannJ and neither will you Trump. As the old saying goes birds of a feather flock together #Oligarchy
she will never be able solve any problems in any communities!
Perhaps she can get good counsel here?
OMG! Hillary used "bleachbit" software to clean her private email server and these are supposedly yoga emails? Despicable!
How are you planning to fix this problem?  I have seen first hand how this demographic gets "caught in the system"
u need 2 tell minorities more than that, or r we supposed to just wait til ur elected 2 find out n then u flip on us
and what makes you better? Again just critics no specifics no proof nothing
What?! And, you can!!!??? Doubt it somehow
To anyone thinking of voting for Clinton.What will you tell your kids when they ask what happened to America?
I would start calling her "my opponent" and not use her name. That lowers her importance.
didn't you scream death penalty to those boys falsely accused of rap!
That's why you supported her until you decided that you wanted to run for office, correct?
and tell us wise-one: SPECIFICALLY how will you? #noplantrump #limpytrump #shameontrump
democrat's don't want to , that's how they keep getting there vote !
true. The democratic party been saying the same shit for decades now. They only care about black and minority votes.
her idea of fixing issues for Hispanics and blacks is to push white people into the same predicaments.
She has a better idea than Trumpster. Such a Bogor
we like business people who haven't gone bankrupt
And how will you do that, exactly?
And you plan.  uh where is it.  Just a bunch of fucking hot air. Even a third grader can figure that out.  Wake up,get out
2 million pair on their way from china...
