We in Israel count the days for it. Good luck, Mr. pres-elect
those who stand with Israel stand with God
Damn Donald...
Jan 20th when we all suffer
Who would you prioritize relations with; Israel or Russia?
Obama too close with Saudi Arabia
Trump and the American Christians have your back
Hurry up January 20. Make Dating Great Again!!!
Give em Hell President Trump!!!
amen!!
you should pass a law to get rid of all the liberals in this country
Your a dim wit get over yourself num nut, your Ego is delusional at best
thank you Mr. President
I will be glad when you get in office and get rid of John Kerry!!!!!
@RealJamesWoods #JamesWoods #MAGA #AmericaFirst #ThankYouTour2016  #AlexJones #infowars @RealAlexJones @Schwarzenegger
We gave them 3.1 BILLION in foreign aid. This is the type of things you said you were gonna stop. But now u aren't? #NOAIDS
which in turn will become the actual begging of the end.
love it Donald! I support you all the way! Thanks so much!
Since You Have recognized Taiwan As An Indepedent State, How About You do the same with us SOMALILAND ( Ex Somalia)
You seem to be the only person in the world unhappy with the Iran deal. Even Israel thought it was fair & working.
defund the UN!!!!!!
Israel had no legal right to existence prior to UN intervention.  Intervening on it's behalf will stoke Islamic terrorism.
i hope you do good
STOP! You are embarrassing the US and scaring the rest of the world.
put a fork in the UN... it's done!
These socialist ain't through yet!! Today12/28/16 John Kerry gives a speech that could tie the Trump admin. Up even more!!
you tell them Mr. PRESIDENT!  can't wait for the 20th to get here! For the true Americans and Israel!
With several dozen Israeli dual citizens sitting in Congress and the House how do you expect to put America first Mr Trump?
Thank You Pres. Trump for helping Israel. #WeHateObama
Israel is stealing land. Isn't that a crime? Thought you were the "law and order" guy...
Historical lesson. Reaquiring land they were evicted from is not stealing. Nor is trying to pray at that their holy sites
our endless blind support of Israel is causing our country tremendous harm. We're better off staying neutral.
Please come back from OZ. Articulate what Israel is doing to warrant constant rocket attacks and how this negatively affects US
so looks like we have an Israel firster in the mist. Israel is always innocent and never does wrong. Go to Israel with that BS 
you will be haunted by his popularity for years to come
HaHa Trump will be cleaning up his mess for years to come.
Israel is our ally BUT there are ramifications to a one-state solution in the Middle East. Have you thought about this?

Just reading some of your tweets and not surprised but you are the prime example of a Liberal fascist. 
Liberalism & fascism are mutually exclusive political idealogies. You're trying to offend me with nonsense names. I offer you peace & hugs.
You a radical liberal with tactics adopted from totalitarian regimes, I believe, is what they are looking for.
Hilarious. I’m a Constitutionalist. Government should be very limited and only act in the interest of the public. Keep trying to shove me in a definition - you’re no closer nor wiser than the one before.
Not my position.  Explaining above.
God will bless USA as we bless Israel!!
I hear there was a suspicious package at Trump Tower. Was it a briefcase containing your promises to help working people?
SURE TRUMP SAYS THAT, BUT WHERE WAS HIS GUSHING SUPPORT FOR ISRAEL BEFORE THE ELECTION? RIGHT. @ChuckNellis @realDonaldTrump
20 th sangat bagus untuk menyapih @realDonaldTrump
salam buat ibumu
love !
small thanks to big fan
semoga pabrik cabai bisa terwujud, mobil C !
no ! no no no ! no !
thanks to remember that 
SOP yang dipesan bubur yang datang 
SWAMP is quivering311days after this tweet. Antifa isn't capable of mounting a zero dark thirty deed today. they have to sleep drug then ACT
Yes you are right that deal was horrible for us too. We regret to trust USA goverment one more time. You proved that israel is ruling USA.
State Dept. Blames Israel for Terrorism, Claims Palestinians Rarely Incite Attacks #Thesonsoftheshit
@realDonaldTrump Will MGM shares split in the 2nd Qt, by way of your magnificent economic structures? Our robust economy is turning the table on the old ways.  Go pres!
LOOOOLLLL
praying for you that you will have the wisdom of Solomon and humbleness of David.  Sorry you have had it so rough
@rebeccalambb 
Please read :  1 John 2:22 to 23
They cannot have the Father without the Son.
what you called fake news I call you FAKE PRESIDENT
ای کوسکش
great job keep it up i've never been this excited about a president ever thank you
I'm Yemeni ,i'm not terrorist,I love peace ,why you foreclosed travel to America what my fault if I peace man.can you ask
I have never seen somebody go to war on twitter with the UN. Certainly not a PEOTUS, every day is a nightmare.
sure is
a LONG WWIII is coming cause of this Donald guy. Innocents will suffer and die because he's so bad!
The only innocents are the DEAD!!!
ok #UFC207Love
you lost him at study
Would almost certainly involve reading, which we know he doesn't do. 'Cause he's "like smart".
He graduated from Wharton. You're idiots.
he transferred to Wharton thanks to a donation. He was never 'accepted'
Yeah. It's called "transferring." Many Ivy Leaguers transfer for final years.
Oh yay... Let’s make enemies out of China, and middle east... You are doing a bang-up job and you’re not even there yet!
I'm pretty sure we are already an enemy of the middle east. have you been watching the news. they hate us.
Israel is building houses on Palestine land illegally, just 'coz it can. Israel is a bully, just like you.
Isreal obtained the land in war.  Don't got to war if you can't man up and take the consequences
because they know that'd lose all foreign support. They want their cake and eat it, too.
No peace without victory. Guess Israel will just have to finish the remaining Palestinians right?
Yes. If Jewish people want to do onto others what has been done onto them, fine. But they lose moral high ground.
If one can have either the moral high ground or victory, what should they choose? It's no contest
if they lose morality, expect the military and financial aid to shift to the other side (assuming it's a moral one)
If other side is all dead, who will cash the check?
are you mad Donald Trump
القياده في مملكة ال سعود مع بريطانيا تسعى جاهدتين لأغتيال الرئس Trump
You have no idea what Israel is do you?  Can you find it on a map? Without google?
YOU PRESIDENT YET THEN
I WOULD LOVE YA IF YOU TOLD THEM
OBAMA IS STILL PRESIDENT
America's military loves you and your beautiful family. It's time to win again! Make us proud to be American! God bless!
Not soon enough!
MAYBE THAT ANALYSIS IS TOO SIMPLISTIC.  EASY TO CRITICIZE FROM THE OUTSIDE.  SEE HOW IT LOOKS WHEN YOU GET INSIDE.
AMEN
Thank you so much for your support of Israel! God will honor you for that, and all your decisions that support Israel.
GREAT!  KEEP UP YOUR SUPPORT OF ISRAEL.
G-d will bless those who bless Israel! Never compromise!
this Rochester NY deplorable wishes I could see u sworn in! EXCITED for our country to be blessed w/U as the 45th PRESIDENT
who the fuck cares about Israel - they are the oppressors duh
Dear President Trump if you and your family are in Tampa I would be honored to have you all for dinner
get us out of the U N. No NWO please
Also, we cannot continue to act like you're fit to be president of the United States.
I like how you claim to be a fan of facts and logic, but proclaim to be liberal, which is emotion based.
Trump's campaign was also emotion based. He ran it on anger and fear. Not facts.
hey when are you going to hold a press conference?
yo, bright guy. Maybe after he gets sworn in. Smh. Too bad civics classes arent out on Xbox yet..
yo, bright guy. Press conferences with the president elect were commonplace until Trump.
So?
He's on his time until sworn in. Though who is to say? He has time before elected. Besides. EF the press.
Which you took offense to. Donald is too busy tweeting to take his job seriously.
And you would show up for a job 3 weeks before your starting date? Let him tweet. Better than CNN
TO BE PRESIDENT? UH YES.
He can't do anything official until he's sworn in. He is making calls, and getting his cabinet together.
@JimmyEastYork why retweet this on mans timeline as if they didn't completely siege Palestine and kill innocent children
Who is "they" that you speak of? DT is not apart of "they" that's why I retweeted...
Israel? The people he's defending, the people who've killed innocent people and use media to lie about it
wait wait.....are you telling me the Israeli's are killing people and using he media to lie about it?
I'm saying Israel has entered Palestine territory and killed innoncent people, yes.
make public the secret Iran nuke deal. Investigate the close ties of Soros, Hillary, Obama, Podesta etc... make em go away
fix Medicare I can't afford a supplement
sir,Mr President. I've asked to be your Ambassador to Belize several times, and no reply.
we like you President Trump Israel will not be dump.
We need all Jewish land complete. 
Thank you,may God be with you .
I hope you milk America for all it's worth. America deserves you...
I agree with every single word that comes out of your mouth. You are a champion!!!!  A winner!!!! And a Great American.
I hope your inauguration will be a beautiful day for the whole Western World! #MAGA #MEGA #freeIsrael
You need to get a brain and start to listen to the CIA breifings
Israel is the last country that needs help. They have a very well trained army that is constantly at the ready.
when suicide rates will rise.  Thanks Trump. You killed America.
@RebeccaLambb yes,  please don't forget Israel.  They have suffered long enough. God bless you Mr President Trump.
#JEWS STOP STEALING AMERICAN TAXES ! ! ! #ISRAEL #AIPAC #ADL #POTUS #MAGAS #VETERANS #antiSemitism #TheResistance #TCOT
CNN rude to President elect Trump.  Throw them out
hang in there Israel
no the beginning of end of America was electing you
U HAVE NO IDEA WHAT UR SPEAKING OF ITS ALL BULLSHET UT JUST TRYING TO LOOK  AS IF UR IN THE KNOW WHEN UR NOT
we the people are still Israel's friend!!!!
and what might you do to interfere? I mean help
So you condone Israel violating UN laws on stealing Palestinian land?
Move the U.N. out of the U.S.

Wear black on January 20th.
about 430,000 zinonists colonists live in occupied West Bank and more than 200,000 in East Jerusalem annexed by Israel!
MAY THE GOD OF ISRAEL WATCH OVER BenjaminSonOfBenZion & DonaldSonOfMary #Netanyahu #Trump
Yet another crook...  Report: Netanyahu to be investigated for bribery, fraud http://toi.sr/2hhfEUe  via @timesofisrael
Do Not Trust Ryan & McCain - Both will be Traitors  to Your Goals ! Good Luck !  Jan Faulkner -
show us the tax returns liar
you are a great leader my role model God will continue to protect you and your families
revolk Mccains passport or cut travel funding for congress. who authorized him in Ukraine?
we shouldn't support a terrorist state like Israel they are the reason Muslims hate the US and want to blow the US up
#palestine 1967 #humanrights. Do u know about any of these things? Not likely #DonaldDementia
thank you for your stand on Israel.
that is a new beginning
B.O. be pleased if Israel is relocated in aushwitz.  World promised peace Israel left Gaza. came Rockets & war tunnels
Yes Jan 20th can't come soon enough!
the 20th can't come fast enough!
Thank God, DJT won. Hillary would have contd BHO's scheme to betray Israel. HRC and BHO both anti-Semites
#traitor
..My Press @Trump please ask UN to do there work now we have a great leader like you to fix it.. Biafra and Israel

keep licking zionist backside..
GO FOR IT, NEED HELP?
My President. I am a beekeeper. Could you please look in to banning pesticides that's killing our pollinators  you
Trump, is a sad, sad person!

You think that other members of the security council will not veto you trying to do anything to help our Israel?
You like the Israeli lobby in the US?   ARE YOU GONNA MAKE AMERICA GREAT OR JUST MAKE IT SHIT!  COME ON! KEEP ON TRACK! @realDonaldTrump
I sure hope you get them all when you start drudging that swamp! U R in dangerous waters Mr President. Stay blessed. #DTS!!
Oy with the poodles already!
Beginning of the end will be 1/20/17, sadly. For everybody except millionaires. Watch & see. Criminal cabinet + LyingDonnie
Good luck
Israel are ruled by a bunch of murderers. Of course you would support that. Sad.
What do you care about them? You don't even care about US!!!
all will be better once you scrap the Iran deal and they are allowed nukes #dipshit
Diplomacy is the art of a civilized and intelligent man!!
11 days and counting  till America can become Great Again
May God bless you Mr President Elect Trump, El Sendero Church is praying for you. Yes, January 20th is fast approaching!!
Actually, January 20th is the beginning of the end.
Hi Mr President elected @realDonaldTrump 

Must Watch [litle boy assassined a man] 
https://twitter.com/Tazer_Swift/status/818496114093473793 …
I don't know if is a true image.
Can't wait for January 20th
And hopefully turning the UN into a VA facility operated with the funds withheld. R&R facility? IDF welcome too
@jeep_sifu we're ready to defend this nation Trump it's about to get ugly open the military doors let us in
I fully expect for you to screw up royally I believe you hear echos inside your skull What does that tell you?
thank God
OUR ONLY  ALLY WAS  SCREW BY TITOTHEAPEMAN AT LEAST TEWITTERER  SAY Y LIKE IT,IF NOT COMPLAIN TO TRUMP
Iran shits on you
God bless Isreal!
If you bless God's people Isreal, God will bless you!
MT.President,prayer for Israel , Jesus love her
.@realDonaldTrump 
a president who is pro-israel and pro-Russia is the worst thing that could happened to America.
Jan 20th, the end of the free world as we know it. RIP US Constitution.
If Obama is not stopped he will likely empty and then return Gitmo to Cuba! He is on destructive path b4 leaving office.
The only thing you know about Israel is that your son-in-law is jewish
Please read this.    
  http://joel2army.simplesite.com/401173601  Trump God's new Cyrus
