we need @realDonaldTrump like we need a hole in the head!!
Like #CrookedHillary is SO great for #America #podestaemails
do your research!!!
I blocked you because your picture is scary 


Then let's put that bad ass woman in the White House!
We know he's not.
Angry Tim Kaine is a total clown #StrongerTogether = Idiots

You will do what Putin tells you to do #Putinsbitch
at least #trump didn't sell #Putin #uranium
He owes Putin so much money he will sell his ass. Bend over Don
https://youtu.be/FmIRYvJQeHM  Watch Hillary laughing about Gaddafi's murder after she LIED about genocide in Libya. WAR CRIME.
hmmm...well then this makes bush and cheney and rumsfeld war criminals too mr tin foil hat
The last 10 years have been crap. Time to take our country back.
better read the news, your hero is in deep shit at the moment. send him a shovel. and shut up
Yet you defend murderous cops? Try again.

NO MatterWhat HappensWe NeedToSupportTrump
StopHillary4We
AllArePawns
OfHillaryObamaGreedWar
Kaine saying bin Ladin was alive when she took over as head of state but failed to mention that ambassador Stevens was too
Killary only approves of security and guns to protect her. Dont do as she does do as she says
#VPDebate
https://twitter.com/bryandawsonusa/status/774444935097389056 … #Benghazi #Chaffetz #MAGA
Fox News discusses how anti-Muslim video could have contributed to the #Benghazi attack.

#GOPDisinformationMachine 
Hillary has gotten countless Americans killed.
Youi have to save us from this lying sack of Dog Poop. She is such a liar. She makes me sick!
Hillary Clinton is responsible for those that died in Benghazi and dismisses the family of the fallen.
Is #MAGA the first name of the fourth Mrs. Trump? I ask because Melania can't keep her looks forever. #VPDebate
this is stupid.
No, boasting that you're a veteran while brandishing a fake movie wannabe tough guy named Marion on your header is stupid.
PUNK  TRUMP  PUNK  TRUMP  MAKE RUSSIA  GREAT  AGAIN
@P0TUSTrump the one and only Amen.

Sick puppy.
where's the outrage/hearings for all the diplomats/foreign service works killed under Bush? @bcuzimdamomma @FreeDavidKing
If we're gonna go way back let's not forget #Bill #Clinton #somolia #BlackHawkDown
this is about non-military diplomats, of which 2 were lost under Bill Clinton.
Ask GW about to 60 people who lost their lives in our consuls and embassies on HIS watch?
Thus twit shows you are getting desperate!! That's great to see that!!!
.  Benghazi!   9  embassey bombings on Bush's watch, 45 dead  
.
Last night Must be a bad night! You are so quiet!
Lies, lies and more lies. Do you Trumpies ever read? I know Trump doesn't
TinyhandsADD


you'd think someone with such a 'great brain' wouldn't get victimized by fox propaganda.
what about the move you shared in #Benghazi-You aint no pimp,you a slaver
wow your followers R real assholes. The debate showed how Pence flowed away from U. LOSER
All over     #Respect for Donald J. Trump #TrumpPence16 #MAGA  
can't wate till nov trump pres. Hillary back under the rock bill found her under...yeaaa

It's 2 bad you weren't in Benghazi so you'd know the truth, Donald.
and you are aiming to get the whole world killed. I see yr angle, her numbers were low.
#Trumpsaloser
Colin Powell is right. Benghazi is a stupid which hunt.
13 emabassy attack under bush 60 killed.3000 died on 9-11,8 investigations.
- "Benghazi" haters are liars and thieves of America and American's memories. Typical.
She doesn't recall that.
IM for Trump.

#1stUSAmbassadorKLDsince1979
No, that was Congress. @HillaryClinton was not the one that refused funding when asked for that base. #MadamPresident
NINE Republican led investigations would disagree with you.
Bush had so many more Benghazi's than Hillary why don't you talk about those???
Nice try Orange face.  The GOP Obstructionist in Congress are responsible for Benghazi they refused to fund more security.
Funny it takes a 5 general/former SOS to call that Narrative stupid
@free David King It amazes me how u can be so pissed over 4 men but don't say a WORD about 4000 DIED for LIE
right? Where was the repubtard outrage when Reagan armed terrorists,or when Bush started @realDonaldTrump @bcuzimdamomma @free
Yea we know.. It would hurt your campaign to tell the Truth
More ignorance, even if facts dispute it
And #Trump was for the  #IraqiFiasco before he #flipflopped. #judgement #maga
Yup.  She slept!
The last thing any of us need is a Donald Trump in the White House.
Please bring up Benghazi on Sunday!

good luck Donald j Trump ...I care practice debating on your message not her's
CROOKED HILLARY HAS CREATED THIS MESS THAT WE ARE IN !! AMERICA BLAMES CROOKED HILLARY! OBAMA
You Hit The Nail On The Head Sir! Her Dad Was A Mafia Boss. She Needs 50 + Life Sentences.Yep
rather be the guy that lost a billion dollars. Than the person that left four Americans to die and blamed it on a video.
I sure hope you hammer that home in the next debate, because you didn't in the the first one
#Delusionaldonald
She pays taxes; aids DOD & Vets. Republicans deny additional military to embassies. Murderers
Did you really say something that ignorant and false??
God please protect us from a Trump presidency!
Do you really believe that hype. DT lies more every day.
Nope that was Bush & your GOP buddies..  Try Again

to kill our nation right? Yeah that would be much much better, um ok.
@jllgraham @bcuzimdamomma @FreeDavidKing Hey. She never said she was pro-life.
because the GOP led senate would not support funding for security...that is what happened.
is insulting again. @bcuzimdamomma @FreeDavidKing
Again, bring these issues out in the next debates as well!!!
CROOKED HILLARY DOES KILL OUR SOLDIERS AT ALL COST TO THE FAMILIES!
tonight debate brings a tear to my eye. You two are going to win 
#VPDebate

Kaine is an idiot
Just like #Benghazi. She is a disgrace to the intelligence of the American people!
problem will be...anyone that might have believed her will be casualty of war she "stopped"
. luntz gives it to pence because he was calm and strong and well mannered...please do the same on Sunday...we need you
She will "sleep" through the terrorism and claim "she made the deal" to end it when its over
Get over it over it  .  U are hated
Tonight Tim Kaine reminded me why we don't trust politics and why we're so lucky to have DJT!
can we see kaines birth certificate to ensure he wasnt born in the 100 acre wood
my mom said the Kaine looks smug. I personally agree.
Mike pence is s trugling to defend trump...
es puto @bcuzimdamomma @FreeDavidKing
daaaaammmmmnnnnn, Pence IS getting OWNED!
no doubt and it's pretty obvious this one is lopsided for MIKE
when panicked, and when owned, blame the moderator
Mitch McConnell & John Boehner killed those guys by not paying the security bills!
Unfit!
#hillaryforprison
Killarney couldn't  tell the truth...if she was buring in Hell and offered a plea bargain.
#GOP got thousands of Americans killed; lied abt Iraq in an effort to steal oil, which #trump wants to do 2
So clear that we need an honest leader like Trump!  God Bless our Military!  Blood on HRC :/
@pink_sprnva @bcuzimdamomma @FreeDavidKing
Go back to 
HC  did not kill the Ambassador
Agree!!!
look at her track record
Kaine is imploding! Let him, Mike!
You can do that you'r a doodoo bird
: she got no one killed . Dr. Ann Stevens ( Chris Stevens sister ) says so.
Trump doesn't pay taxes and sends jobs to China!! make china great again! #Debates2016
but you want to blow up the world for your terrorists buddies you coward want defend America!
republican's refusing requests for $ for security did that.
She was cleared of all charges in Benghazi. Get those tiny fingers off of the keyboard. Release your taxes.
this dude is a liar!
how come nobody hits her with the Benghazi??!!!!!
You killed my friends dad when you destroyed his business,employeeslives, and his family's life when he died
THIS is not Trump. Stop being #Trumped America
http://bit.ly/2dtQD91 . Under Bush.  You have one thing on Hillary get over it. She will win
Amen its time to take this erratic kooks out of DC 
Umm she's killed countless people in other countries too. Defenceless civilians. #JillNotHill
The butcher of Benghazi
: Gee. Thot this was @HillaryClinton's 1st run for #potus. My bad. BTW, why do u hate America?
Sorry sweetie but #conservatives also get to exercise #free speech #1A
: And that has to do with what? Who was denying 1A?
many GOP investigations, no wrongdoing.  Give it up.
take a page out of @mike_pence book Strong composed well spoken Don't let hillary get under ur skin next debate #RiseAbove
I need to see your taxes.
Where are your taxes?
Sorry, your guy is losing!! And lying...
. @realDonaldTrump @GingerLWills @bcuzimdamomma @FreeDavidKing 
Bin Laden was alive when hill became SoS. 
And so was Amb Stevens.
#VPDebate
Calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are offensive and unconstitutional.
why the fuck dose she keep cutting of Mike Pence and let the jackass in the red tie talk all night??? Rigged
why the fuck dose trump have stupid followers? LOL HAHAHAH
please honor those 4 men and their family.  Don't forget the blood on her hands
and u will order troops to commit war crimes? How many lives will be lost?
trump would prosecute Hillary
You need to see a psychiatrist. Really.
mr. Trump I think these debates are stupid meaningless it's biased and only for the Democrats waste of time
You DO realize that your own running mate was decrying "insult driven campaigns" while you tweeted this...right?
then hillary lies to family and says what difference does it make drop her off in Syria
and you only steal from your workers!!
@GovPenceIN: VP debate they increase the microphone of the crooked VP is louder than Pence
trump get a real job you know the kind the once you shipped overseas
he needs to quit interrupting
congress cut $140 million from security budget in 2011. Talk to @RNC
.@realDonaldTrump There's not a lie you don't like, is there? Presidents must deal in facts. I'm not sure if you know what facts are.
Why , they just get in the way of the truth ,to much to read & comprehend .Really, does the Trumpet have the IQ
Never Forget
did Tim just give that freaky shoulder wiggle like hrc lol
omg lets not let Pence talk about the server in the basement might tick off hrc
good shot!
: and we had a Republican president when we were attacked in our own country by pilots who trained in US!
Where were u when 70 died under Bush2? Where were u when 241 Marines died under Reagan? I didn't hear u crying! HYPOCRITE!
Thts a fucking lie!
If all we knew was that Hillary killed FOUR of OUR own in Benghazi--that would be enough!
Boring. Nothing to say but BENGHAZI, BILL. Get a real life Trump. Not fit for POTUS
Get off from tweeting and prepare for your debate on Sunday or fail again#extreme vetting!
glad someone showed donny how to spell benghazi.
GOOD 'UN PENCE.KEEP INTERRUPTG KAINE:SPOILD RADICAL DIPSHT REPEATG OLD STALE LINES.HIT HARD!!
"What difference does it make?" https://youtu.be/JFZytEUCXu4 
she voted for war in iraq 2002 iran 2007 blew up libya architect of iraq war (P.W.) endorsed her

...and you'll have us nuked into oblivion in the first year.
everytime snotty Caine says something cocky mod says let's shift to... shouldcall her out.
Kaine proves the bad decisions HiLIARy makes.

You just don't pay taxes switch wives


smallUR lying again Benghazi investigation cleared Clinton.
Hillary For Prison 2017  President Donald Trump 2017-2024 #Make The Next 8 Years Great Again #make America Great Again
