but you still lost the majority vote
nope. Get your facts straight numbnutz. Trump won in a landslide
no he didn't get some real news sources and Trump is even saying he lost the popular contest
. The electoral is there for a reason. It's in the Constitution. We had enough of liberals like you
the funny thing is that after this is all done liberals will be back in charge
I doubt that people had enough of the race baiting and rioting and Hate that liberal spread
the rigged system elected him the will of the people elected her! She's gonna have 1.5 million votes more
you're delusional read the Constitution. Look buddy I got to go to work people like me don't mooch off the system
You won. You're going to be President of the United States. Does that not quiet the demons for a little while?
No, he's a small and petty man who realizes he "won" but didn't win.
And forgetful. He did campaign in Florida, NY, and California.
He claims he would have...
It is pathetic that he's wining about losing the popular vote at the same time as hiring a racist
His own words... and he defended Roger Ailes... we are fucked...
Can you believe THIS is what the President-Elect is tweeting about? Where's Conway?
We don't need anymore Lying Kelly. I've had more than I can stand.
Anyone know if annoying auto-tweeting bots like this can be shut down by complaining to Twitter?
A Communist wants to Control Free Speech so he can make Twitter his safe space - BIG SURPRISE
No. All auto-tweeting bots should be banned as they are ruining social media like Twitter.
Are you still upset that the DNC fucked your candidate?
We're socialists. We never supported Hillary either.
Yea that swamp is really being drained with all those insiders being hired 
This is obv a bot twitter handle. I didn't say anything about Soros
ever notice that all the drones that "like" this dudes posts are fellow tee shirt spammers?
that lied & played dirty to get job unfit for. please hold your breath until he fulfills lies he fed you
more people voted for her than voted for you. More people voted for the girl. More people liked her than you.
Yeah, but he won the presidency. Faced with a mountain of adversity, he still won, and did it without a vagina.
yeah, because vaginas are a clear advantage in presidential elections 
No, but grabbing vaginas then bragging about it like a boor apparently is.
they don't mind. They like that about him.
you need to stop tweeting
he's the future president I highly doubt he does what you say
He's the future President so he works for all of us. He's the ultimate public servant. Not a king.
delete yo self
lol I'll die before I respect that man
said some kid who no ones cared about
whilst you're replying to my tweet?
i feel if u wanna call on the president elect. U should of wore ur big boy pants
oh bless, can't handle someone insulting your lord and saviour trump?
neither my lord or saviour. If you had done any research on clinton ur poor head would explode
.@NeilTurner_ @TownHa2016 @realDonaldTrump 

Trump signs are proliferating almost as quickly as Trump supporters!
will u stop
source?
nah it's 2016 don't need a stupid source with facts. just an article with words will do

Obama doesn't have long to.round everyone up.for those FEMA camps
#JadeHelm 
you mean grope again surely?
.@realDonaldTrump You want to be PRESIDENT for everybody? It's time to get off Twitter and stop concentrating on the election. GET TO WORK!
he doesn't even want to live in the White House. What a worm.
Yeah, I saw that this morning. How long until he steps down? Jan 21?
either faithless electors come thru or he "takes" a billion direct from the US Mint and is impeached Jan 21
I don't see the electors doing that, even though that's EXACTLY what they are there for.
it's unlikely, but damn it would be awesome. The impossible has already happened!
although my guess is that they would be pressured not to in fear of severe civil unrest
you didn't win easily, she's got a million more votes than you and counting and only 25.5% of the US voted for you
shouldn't you be trying to figure out how to president right now, instead of complaining about losing the popular vote
idk about you but I'm pretty sure he could do more things at once. And the tweet only took him a sec to write
I'll disagree with you, but that's not bad for a reply
I've seen both sides. And I agree with some on both sides but I'm more with trump than hillary
I'm definitely not going with a woman who let people die and let people come in and ruin the US

That's a very presidential looking bird.
in a good way.
You're delusional! 
Black Lives Matter, I can agree with that. You know what else matters? The truth. The truth is: Donald Trump won.
Thank you for that very helpful revelation of which I am well aware. So he's a delusional winner then!
A winner none the less. The delusion is on the left with their protest of Democracy.
The delusion is on you. You live in a republic not a democracy. Read your pledge of allegiance & constitution
It's actually a Democratic Republic but saying democracy or Republic is easier. MEH!
There's a hole in your soul that nothing will ever fill -- no award, no accolade, no election. Also, no one truly loves you
really in what world does @realDonaldTrump win the popular vote in NY and California?
You lost the popular vote. You're not as popular as the woman you tried to destroy. You'll never win the popular vote. Ever

People need to accept the results. They can't redefine America's electoral system because they love to hate you.
but didn't Trump trash the electoral system after Obama won AGAIN in 2012? Hmmm
I liked Lena Dunham in 2012. People grow.
you are so graceful in victory. You had less votes than both Romney and McCain.

I'm not blaming, just collecting receipts for Mr. Trump's future enjoyment.
you're the president-elect already, man. Stop tweeting
.@realDonaldTrump lol but your rallies woulda stayed outta NYC cos we hate your ass
That's not true.
yes, it is. He lost NY & California, bigly & its making him crazy.
.@realDonaldTrump tbh, Mr. President-elect, it's kind of scary you aren't thinking about more important things right now.
No, you wouldn't have. They actually like Hillary, those who escaped your scam.

Wait...was that just taken out of context? She said that much earlier in another context...
its the same response she Gave for Bhengazi...
Link me to the news where she said it now. Or I will think that you're trolling.
https://youtu.be/Ka0_nz53CcM 
4 Americans died. Trump will kill many more with his stupidity. Ha. @realDonaldTrump
But good to see her getting more votes than you is really wigging you out
Please make English the official language!
probably going to be Spanish, which makes sense.
MAKES SENSE? English is already being thaught in schools = it should be the off. language.
Spanish probably makes more sense. 
80% speak English, 12.4% Spanish. 

'Makes sense'
always look at the trend lines.
It's not gonna turn around in at least 50 years, so bye.
Adios
.@realDonaldTrump Nah Donnie. The demonstrations would've simply begun earlier.
@therealroseanne regardless of who won, I think pop vote is best way..get rid of EC
you say that because you don't understand the reason for the EC take a civics class
no I understand..I'm just not locked into the old ideas behind it
the so-called "old ideas" are still valid today. You should check it out.
it's set up to defy will of the people if 'need be'..I believe that's un democratic..but we will agree to disagree
no it's set up to prevent the tyranny of the majority. Without the EC those of us in the middle might as well not vote at all.
and I think the Senate and House are plenty of buffer against any majority tyranny
are you serious? Pure democracy eventually fails because it always tends towards tyranny. Read your history!
#transition MT @realDonaldTrump: If election were based on popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Fla and Cal and won even bigger
NYC would die before electing you.
please take his phone Trump team
Is that the only way you'll stop looking at his tweets? No self control for you?
too hard not to watch the village idiot make a fool of himself 
It's always like what's he going to 180 on next
You haven't been paying much attention to Trump have you?Or only listening to MSM? Give it time
wait till it's too late?
How bout nah
He has been around for a long time......
sorry we just noticed you're a Trump supporter so the odds seem pretty high you're going to turn this into a debate somehow
Hypocrite. LOSER. You lost the popular vote by MILLIONS. You lied your way in, and we'll stop you before January 20th.
@KathrynCroft @realDonaldTrump you are a loser. Big time loser. Very unpopular. Got lucky with rigged electoral college
you lost real vote bigly, even with FBI and Russia! Sad!
lol
.@realDonaldTrump Don't you actually live in New York and Florida? Seems like you would have had more votes due to that... #NotAMandate
Dude, you're supposed to be President. Please stop measuring your dick and get to work LEARNING YOUR FUCKING JOB.
You're a small pathetic angry deluded man.
meanwhile, in N.Y, Florida and California...
Your grammar is appalling. Ignoring the argument itself, as it's clearly bollocks.
as is your condescending self-righteous disposition towards the next president.
It's a joke. And also I'm English so it's kind of irrelevant.
and what's even more pathetic is that you actually think that stating your opinion on here really matters to American people
It seems to matter to you.
what matters to me is you getting on a page that has nothing to do with you and acting like a self-righteous prick.
You seem nice.
you do realize that Clinton supporters are at our state capitol right now calling for the rape of Melania Trump
Just be sure to remember every day you're in office, you won but fewer people like you. Ok, take care. All the best.
ha ha ha

You're the most unqualified & least deserving person who's ever won the Presidency. Congrats! RS
@realDonaldTrumphat Wabout the half term junior senator who never ran a business and only job was at Baskin Robbins?
Obama is a genuinely kind, intelligent and decent man. The same cannot be said about Trump RS
Oh, poor insecure Donnie from Queens.  It will never be enough, will it?
#stillinsecure
video from Sanford, FL Rally b4 Election where I caught a Yuge Bald Eagle circling overhead! It was a sign frim above!
I’m in Orlando and have 4 in the park right behind our house. They sure our beautiful 
Hey, I in Orlando too! Lake Nona / Moss Park area.
By Universal Studios here
Cool, nice to meet you Rudy, glad to know there’s another Patriot nearby.
Nice to meet you. Just to let you know I’m a equal opportunity hate8er when it comes to our government and politicians. 
Ha ha Ha ha ha, I’m right there with you! I’m an Independent hater! 
This is how you're trying to bring America together?
Hahaha...even after 17 months this comment is still hilarious!!!
That's the damn truth right there 
It's about time you faced the facts. "we the people" didn't vote for you.  Hillary won by 3M votes.  You and your presidency are fake. You prove that fact everyday. You and yours don't belong anywhere near DC.
you're a terrible person.
But you LOST the POPULAR VOTE by over 3 MILLION! ~lol~
oooohhhhh! ok!

Bring it on! If elections were won by the popular vote, neither W nor YOU, would have ever been president. Think of how much better our country (and the world) would be!
Without N.Y. California and Florida's illegal votes not to exclude the dead people Hillary wouldn't have ever made the minimum vote

If you don't have Congress consider the elderly in the new Tax Bill, you will lose many potential Trump Voters.
ROTFL! 
Exactly.  Only fools don’t get that.  Hillary was one lazy, entitled, crooked candidate.
Really - Delusional!
In your words!
You won the popular vote.  if we take away the 3m illegals that voted, you beat the butcher of benghazi by far!!
You never would have won the popular votes in those states, period! You have no mandate at all.
2016 was the lowest voter turnout in 20 years because of the shittiest choices in 20 years plus you lost the popular vote. you must be high or going senile
maybe
you are ridiculous! Stop tweeting and start leading!!!!!
Not in California buddy!  Not even close
Not if you would have explained where you stood on the issues of global warming , energy# clean energy, and a lot of others

shut up !!!!
when all THE VALID VOTES are counted you will have won the popular vote anyways. You dominated, my friend! Love from TEXAS
Hillary up in popular vote- over one million and growing!! Stop the side show!!
yeah if KILLARY WOULD HAVE WON TALL WOULD BE STILL LYING ABOUT REBUBLICANS!!! NOTHING CHANGES WITH THE STUPID LIBS!!!
you mean "even more bigly".
You would not have even come close in California.....we are not happy with your foolish rhetoric
you are my president elect door.
4 all you Clinton cry babies read it and weep Truths
When you consider all the non citizen and dead voters; you won Popular vote too. Only the losers complain about electoral.
why does it always have to be bigger? Are you trying to make up for something being small? (Not talking about your heart)
PEOPLE ARE SAYING THAT ALREADY YOU ARE BACKING DOWN ON YOUR PROMISES TO PUT CLINTON IN JAIL
can you just like, stop existing or something...?
And you would have too Mr PRESIDENT ELECT! You are all ready Making America Great again!
Libtards dont get, different rules.different game...#notmypresident fools! @timkaine tried this thread L4Luv
Would have campaigned at all the stops on the FU Train?
you would have also lost
#whineyTrumpy are your feelings hurt that the masses actually did not support your candidacy?
@AnnCoulter 

How true Donald
Shame Hillary's popular vote is now running 1.2m ahead of yours, will hit 2m.   You're not as popular as her.
@WestCoastMaceroThe rules and the rule of law. In due time let justice prevail with Crooked Hillary.Our future calls for it
you mean bigly. You would have won more bigly
Mr President-elect, @HillaryClinton has about 11.1million followers, you have about 15.5million. Case closed.
Bigger + more easily = Biggly #LittleHandsSmallVocabulary #Putin'sB**** #Harambe'sMoreQualified #FDT
False!
yeah right!  You act like an overgrown toddler!
remember comedy is not your strong suit and it looks like you're Really, Big, Big, Bigly UNPOPULAR, like so Much UNPOPULAR!
 do actually believe the Bullshit that come out of your mouth?
can you shut up please? Thanks.
If the roles were reversed you'd be declaring war on a rigged & unfair system. Instead (the rigged/unfair) EC elected you.
why are you soconfident
...and?
- It's time to be more humble. gloating is bad form.
I live in a state you choose not to campaign in. Are you saying we were not worth the effort?
Win bigger if you revisit the huge disgrace of Military Actions in North Dakota its shameful world watching
Where's our current Pres.? He's no leader. This is on Obama's bad watch. USA hits low pt again.
I understand  @realDonaldTrump has financial interests here ? its inhumane to disregard these Ist Nations .
Protest to Obama Admin. The country in crisis & polarized. I hve Am Indian heritage, too.
Im ceremonial blessed Bear Clan Kahawake before Oka crisis Presently in Cyprus,peeps here also are shocked by what they see
you and you kids are the same leaches sucking the life out everything you find.
Who are you talking to? Do you need a pat on the back? Will you cry if nobody bows down to you? Stop being so insecure...
@mcgilh beast mode
@Wutevuh we understand that President Trump, it's the other side that needs education, even though we're all low educated
That's actually a lie.
YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE YOU POOPHEAD FLATFOOTED OCTOPUS
don't you mean "more bigly?" #totalembarassment
you are dreaming!!
The election is over, Mr. President. You won.
you need to accept the fact that you can't do this job. Please step back. 68% of Americans hate you. 90%canadians hate you
I really didn't understand why they do the election the way they do. But now I see if they went by popular vote NYC & LA
Really? Do you not have bigger things to worry about?
cuz rigged.
ste men muy vergas
@MrMechanicalZom True! Many Cali's didn't vote; knew their vote wouldn't count. No Rep ran for senate.
spent more time in Florida than any other state and you lost your home state. What went wrong? Rejected by your home town
NEVER!!
Seems you are just redirecting the flow of money? Not draining the swamp.
Bragging after the fact will NOT make America great again!!
They are based on the POPULAR VOTE - WE THE PEOPLE are the ones affected- not the rural midwest!! We are affected the MOST!
#MoreBiggly
In your dreams!!!!!!
PLEASE READ: 

HILLARY LOST 2016 ELECTION EVERY WAY POSSIBLE
By J.B. Williams (Nov.15, 2016) — http://www.newswithviews.com/JBWilliams/williams346.htm …
 
@realDonaldTrump
U will be the WINNER,  once they get the final count & deduct the ILLEGALS THAT ILLEGALLY VOTED FOR HILLARY!
shut it satan
your team needs to take your Twitter again, big boy...
You're such a deluded man. NY and California alone would have shredded you. Totally clueless and in a bubble of narcissism.
I know!
Dream on!!!
yea right in your dream.california we dont want you caliexit 2019
Sure.
don't waist time explaining strategy to liberal loons.
N.Y. and California love me! I only lost by millions of votes!
wrong
You won according to the rules so stop bitching about how you lost the popular vote but could have won it.
Yes! Also, Hillary and the Dems get lots of illegal votes by illegal aliens, and they don't count all the absentee ballots
did you not win more popular votes than were originally counted ? @mayflowerone
HILLARY HAD THE DEAD AND ILLEGALS VOTING FOR HER AND STILL DIDN'T WIN;. GOD CHOSE YOU (JOHN 15:5).
Here he is, America, a president-elect w/all the gravitas of a cartoon character. Please salute the Petulant of The USA!
Don't y'all wish that those protesting in the streets had some sort of reading comprehension?
wrong.
I Strongly
 A G R E E
Know you would have. We are thrilled to have you as our President Elect.
But you did campaign in all these states and still lost the popular vote, so???
@ericmetaxas bahahaha nice! #BOOM
Great .. we have a delusional president
Absolutely....a lot of your support in Blue states don't vote. Getting them to the polls with your rallies and tweets.Easy
