Well this Hamilton does apologize
you're a class act George! Always have been, always will be! 
*ahem* No.

.@realDonaldTrump @King17Larry 

Have you apologized for anything?

How about for defrauding thousands of Americans with #TrumpUniversity ?
Plus, 9 admitted counts of IRS fraud...
you're just jelly because no ones ever gonna write a renown hit musical about you ;_;
I'm just now finding this tweet. Therefore, HOW DARE YOU PUT DOWN ONE OF THE MOST AMAZING BROADWAY MUSICALS TO EVER BLESS
THIS EARTH WITH ITS PRESCENCE. IT IS A MASTERPIECE. A WORK OF ART. BUT OBVIOUSLY YOU WOULDN'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THAT
BECAUSE YOU DON'T HAVE ANY KNOWLEDGE OF ART BECAUSE YOU DON'T ACKNOWLEDGE ITS BEAUTY AND SIGNIFICANCE. Right? Right.
They will tear each other into pieces, Jesus Christ this will be fun! @realDonaldTrump
"My dog speaks more eloquently than thee."

Hamilton! It was white straight Christian men who brought us democracy, freedom, property rights & equality!!!
The simple use of the word "straight" shows you don't know much about Alexander Hamilton. Check history books.
wrong.
Please talk/tweet like a president and not like a child who is upset and always has to say something mean

.@realDonaldTrump THEY should apologize? All your lies, hateful rhetoric, demeaning behavior towards women and minorities..they? #youfirst

Clearly you don't understand respectable behavior. They were polite and had class.
the cast acted with class. The audience booed Pence because we don't like him or you! #hamilton #notmypresident

according to your daughter she loved it
3 tweets on Hamilton cast? and NONE on telling Americans to stop the violence & let them know you are not a racist? Lead...
you make me sick you are a joker
don't react so hideous and people might like you
You think the cast and producers of Hamilton are highly overrated. Hm. Presidential judgement needs work.  #notmypresident
the fact that @realDonaldTrump is ranting over something so little is so childish. for goodness' sake it was a plea not an attack to anyone.
the first amendment is about being able to express your opinion without apology @realDonaldTrump
If you think words of Hamilton cast were "rude" you ought to listen to those that have flowed freely from your lips
How can you call out the cast of Hamilton, protesters, etc but you won't call out the alt-right/kkk #notmypresident
dont even acknowledge them Mr. President that's what they want @HamiltonMusical a bunch of attention getters
this weekend made me wonder what happened to Trump's sense of humour ...then I saw his cabinet picks
can you seriously stop the twitter wars and focus on your job.
Wish the cast would be booed and heckled every night during their performance by Trump supporters!
Nothing to apologize for. They made a civil request to be heard and requested.
if you're going to protect the right to bear arms, then you also protect the freedom of speech. You can't pick one. Period.
stay home you and your right hand or what ever he is, the theater is a place of culture! Hamilton cast great job!!!!!
don't you have anything better to do?
get tough with those Neo Nazis not with a Broadway show SMH.
You should make them less afraid of what the US might be under your regime. If you cannot see fear you are not fit to serve
stop whining on Twitter!! Do your damn job!! Someone needs to crack the whip on this p*#%¥ cry-baby b!%€#!!
The thing about being in politics is that you have to learn to LISTEN to the people and not ask for unnecessary apologies
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH GROW UP
it is indeed terrible to remind a leader to represent all Americans. That's the way the GOP sees the world.
should grow up and focus on global politics, and realize that a majority of the country supports the actors statement
What about the thousands of reported attacks in your name post-election? Ur priorities for 'all americans' is telling..
...this statement shows bullying at the arts ...censorship and an attempt to hurt the arts...
Really? 11+ Tony Awards and biggest original musical in DECADES overrated to you? What a sad child you are. #DumpTrump
When are you gonna call off and denounce your racist army? You failed by not already doing it. #notmypresident #Nevertrump
No, it's your business acumen that's been overrated and blown out of proportion. Bankrupt should be your middle name.
Hamilton was a SLAVE owner.  So much for "we are all immigrants" cast should do their homework
THE CAST OF PRODUCER HAMILTON MUST  APOLOGIZE TO V.P. PENCE. WE HONORED OUR HIGH VALUES NOT FORGET WHOM WE ARE.
as soon as you apologize for your fraud, nazi ties, and misogynistic remarks. In 3,2,1.....silence. This is why you'll fail
Ignore them Mr. President Trump, they cannot accept defeat. Bunch of cry babies!This is why you won! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Don't ever forget you work for US, we don't work for YOU. #Democracy
Everyday is exciting now. We're patient. It's like Christmastime, waiting for you to tell us, each of your picks.  TY 
put in your big boy pants Donald Trump and quit being such a snowflake
sorry, but I really don't think you should he talking about apologizing for terrible behavior ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Read the Constitution or at least the First Amendment. You are the president elect not the czar.
if it was so highly overrated, why did your shadow waste his time by going all the way to NYC to attend???
ever heard of the first amendment?
hahahahahha you pathetic man!
I know. Why did he go?
is "Fucking Shit" a proper noun?
"a name used for an individual person, place, or organization, spelled with initial capital letters" Correct.
damn I love when I ask good questions
I deleted Facebook, when is the BDP partybus?
you were quoted in an article by @NPR
i heard you're highly over-rated as well...by the KKK
@realDonaldTrump
@YardHouseFoundr wah...grow up you spoiled child.

Over rated? Really? I hear it's wonderful. Maybe you are just bitter.
tell Pence to grow a thicker skin or go home to mommy
and your behavior?? Calling a spade a spade
I agree I'm a HUGE FAN MR trump.  I'm 11
if only you with this quick to denounce the kkk groups.   but no you wait to let them know you support them.
news flash: people hate you #GoToHellTrump
can't your boy stand up for himself? What I heard was a very non aggressive and well put together message for Mr. Pence.
no because if you can't take criticism you have the wrong fucking job
When are you going to apologize to us for your terrible behavior?
i hear the same about you , ironic isn't it
how'd that work out for you?
Must make them if necessary or face consequences.
LMAO
Your association with Bannon will be your downfall.
@Lnistico   Don't sweat it - when artist want to get political -they know they're just a flash in the pan and done !
freedom of speech is still protected by the constitution. American woman are still waiting for an apology from you
Why don't you apologize to your supporters for lying to them all? I thought Hillary was going to jail?
You insulted just about everyone during the campaign and now your complaining about someone being rude? Really?
President Elect Trump, we love you. Please let the investigation of Hillary Clinton and Foundation go on. America needs it.
1st amendment, you should totally read it #pencethepussy #notmypresident
I agree that was aweful
Saw the perpetrator on TV today, & he's snide and mocking about his calling Mr. Pence out in public at #Hamilton. #stupid
Agreed.  Was not the time or Place.  Sorry for Pence
sike nigga u thought
LET PENCE FIGHT HIS OWN BATTLES
Who told you it was overrated?
If they don't apologize, they should at least vote. Why do dems/libs bitch, but not vote?: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3959536/Some-stars-Hamilton-haven-t-voted-years-despite-clash-vice-president-elect-Mike-Pence-booed-audience.html …
I hate you
such a crybaby
I've been to your hotels before they went bankrupt.  They failed for a reason.
Hamilton did not even allow white people to audition and the play is about famous white people! Yet we are racist?
you are over inflated !!! Lol
the cast lives NY and uneducated as they care less re facts issues impacting Americans. They live in a fantasy universe.
you won due to your nonchalant,  non-pc character and now you're sensitive? Now youre IN the most laughable criticized post
it was uncovered Hamilton actor tweeted it's acceptable 2take advantage of intoxicated passed out girls. He's not worth it
YOU should apologize to the American people for stealing the election and fostering hatred & bigotry. #OrangeHitler
@traceyhwright65 
Trump was born in Queens NY, endorsed by 
Don King and Louis Farrakhan.
Bit hard to call him racist.
disgusting way to treat anyone.  Horrible whiny leftists.  Sure wouldn't pay a dime to see this mess.
release your tax returns!!!! Stop offending and apologize to the 100's of millions YOU have offended
Wow. Or else what? Are you listening to yourself? You sound like a dictator. Don't forget YOU WORK FOR US.
You are like a small child
@vivelafra Don! Pence is a GODLY MAN. PENCE IS HUMBLE B4 GOD! HE IS WISER THAN YOU "IN THE LORD!"
@RightHot Why do we not see media talking to Excited Trump supporters from Pa,Wi That would not fit their bias agenda
ITS RACE BAITING THE CAST OF SCREWBALLS
gays dont need 2 emulate hetersexual norms property deeds in r names life insurance
you're over-rated too. Pissing in your depends yet?
Actors used to be the lowest folks&today many are again, overpaid&should donate most of their money to others,Feel the Bern
Or you'll WHAT?  Go all deplorable fascist on them...?  Good luck with that.
I loved the show. Can't stop singing it. I think it won the Pulitzer, The Tony and a Grammy!  You should go!!
.@realDonaldTrump very highly overrated!  So many people duped.  So sad!
conversation is when both parties participate.
Hamilton cast is wrong!
the ONLY one that's highly overrated is you Donald. You're a 1 man Constitutional Crisis & most corrupt elect in US history
.@realDonaldTrump mike pence should apologise to alexander hamilton in person
HAMILTON SHOULD CME OUT N SAY JUX SORI right wat i wnt to tell him is dat LUV N RESPECT UR NEIGHBOR AS URSELF MAGA GOD BLS
The show is much overrated
what about the neo nazi group that held a highly publicized meeting today, there freedom of speech?
you are now serving all the people! They are the people!
Really? Judging the quality of US workers doing their job just because they don't agree with you politically? WTF!!!!
please have your chief of staff explain to you what "Presidential" means.

you should immediately apologise to the entire human race for your existence and terrible behaviour
Just like black lives matter should apologize for their behavior to the respectful, respectable blacks?
and police should apologise to black people for police brutality?  it is the minority of BLM protesters that
stfuuuuuuuuu
They are actors,they have no business in politics while on stage
America loves President Trump
it's just dressing room talk. Get some thick skin ya weakling. Sad.

u have more  things to worry about other than Hamilton and SNL, things like why so many people are worried about you.
@1JoshDavenport
Ur OWN VP said he was NOT OFFENDED, WHY R U? @HamiltonMusical DID what ANY TRUE BLOODED AMERICAN WOULD DO. That is FREEDOM
Yes Brandon Dixon was really out of line and I would not see HAMILTON if,you
paid me..Mike PENCE is so classy and good
Here we go again, you really should stay off twitter. Your stupidity is showing.
Freedom of speech, remember!
@shikor_ina
omg I love the cast of Hamilton so much 
the cast should be fired & the whole production should be sued for racism. Advertising for talent for anti whites only.
they will not say im sorry cause they want their 15 min. Of fame.
R U for the people? Why not spend the same amount of time denouncing alt-right racism? Hamilton comment shouldn't bother U.
the cast should be fired for using an entertainment venue for personal goals #notprofessional
yes they should people only see what they're brainwashed to see what happens when you follow the corrupt media.!!
@KevinHaun2 wrong place and time
don't believe could be fishing instead think positive The Left is on the Run!
Dear Mr. Trump, I think worse behavior is the Nazi rally hailing you as their leader 2day. Will you be reprimanding them?
What on earth are you talking about. 
^ @aimeeclarke 
oh my god what a nerd
i can't stop externally laughing / internally sobbing at it
Mike Pence has cancer; will die anyway. Hahahah. Not apologizing.
Ugh... to repost such bullshi!
thank you mr president for your standing up to the washington sewer, please do not get any on you.
English people like Hamilton not trump. That says something.


*goes right next to microphone and purses lips* wrong
Aaaaand you just lost most of the musical followers you have.
This "highly overrated" crap is a joke ON YOU.    There is no one or nothing that you've said is overrated FOR WHICH YOU ARE NOT OVERRATED.
....Just as you are entitled to disagree with something, as long as you fully educate yourself on the matter!!
Don't disrespect Hamilton, a revolutionary musical about the history of YOUR OWN COUNTRY, they are entitled to their opinion...
Absolutely wrong!
Still going strong. So sad you are always wrong. Such an idiot. Someone is mean 2 Trump = he writes FAKE NEWS
Um excuse me? Are you serious?
He can't be serious..
Founding Father Hamilton's West Indian antecedents appear forgotten. Named Treasury Secretary, he was plausibly involved in the slave trade.
"overrated" my ass
What you hear is hearsay . . . . . . . . The gossip in New York City is insidious!
let's see how many that dislike what you're doing go crazy over the Iran ballistic missile deal that Obama has funded
they live in their imaginary world. Mike Pence is a gracious and godly man and understands they are just brain-dead!
