@Billrollins6 bc Hillary wants single player govt ran socialistic healthcare. So we ALL will get to feel the VA up close. 
morning Bobbie
morning Bill! Sorry I just saw this in my notifications and was digging into Wikileaks lol.
no problem sweety
, and they ask you to sign papers, so after they kill you, they take everything out of your family.
Take advantage of life, because they have already programmed your death before you get to the place where you were elected
moderator : the numbers don't add up for your plan making it unreasonable.....
If she thinks America is great, why transform it?
against the great, they want your power, and most people in the world, walk blind and still loves them and not who tries to
donald trump can't answer a single question without bringing up "illegal immigrants"
: Yup. Isn't it great?!! The government WILL HELP PEOPLE like @POTUS has been trying to do for 8 years! #NeverEverTrump
got his ass
lmaooooooooooo
now at Christmas with this manipulative strategy. Beware. I warned your daughter, I hope she warned you.Do not fight
Not all the people you have chosen are trustworthy.
So Princess Diana died. So they killed her.
Be careful, or you get a
in your nature, and therefore you are surrounded by people who long to see the other in your place and who worked for it.
do you good.
Therefore, value yourself. I know that in your nature, you will never know how to choose people well, it says
Hillary's shadow government allows her to sell the country & our values. A Trump Pres. is our only peaceful take back.
your plan benefits the ultra Rich.
Let's see you are going to spend do much on the military or heads will spin,  & 500 billion on infrastructure. You're crazy

FALSE as usual  :(

hahahahaha.from what trump said he doesn't even get the concept of democracy.

Do not be skeptical, you are being and you should be more realistic.
People, they judge you wrong, so do not set certain
you can handle your own finances which is why you're not paying taxes with your write-offs. You're a disaster. Agent of God
@strydr   READ this if u EVER come across!NFIB Network 4Small Business. Trump VS hillary
Which equals more @HillaryClinton taxes, which equals more spending and even more taxes
Bigly!
WHAT IS YOUR PLAN?
Why does everyone forget #Travelgate #Whitewater #Cattlegate #Hillarycare trail of lies
@jkrealty @Northvike I think u did a  good job.My only criticism:U ramble which waste. UR prescious & limited-time 2 refute
@magnifier661 
So against America!!  We do not want to be "regulated/ruled", from birth to grave!!!!!
Where do you plan on getting money to pay for things if you lower taxes?
Love Chris Wallace.  Great job tonight.
@GDVegasK The usual with another trill.dollar stimulus to boot, repeat of Yellows QE 1 2 3 4 equalling 4-5 tril.
The People r going to be so owned by our controlling government! Overregulation strangles small businesses AND corporations
#RefuseHillary she morally unacceptable
Get more success?Trump says punish it less, Clinton says punish it more.Which works folks, tell me,which?
if ran like a business get rid of all the corruption fraud and incompetent workers CPA  for every department no debt
@lindanye6615 her plan more talk and secret pallets of cash
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
and so does yours dimwit
@P0TUSTrump all she has is abortion and lies
@tommyshida Why so many entitlements?B/C we don't have enough jobs.Bring back jobs.Entitlements go down.More r paying taxes
Just what we need..yeah right!
Lies
@Italians4Trump Stay on trade& jobs, lower taxes will bring back our steel companies so you will not need Chinese steel.
hillarys so called plans need to go right in the rash! Or locked up forever with her
A mischaracterization. #trump will eliminate all regulations, even those that protect citizens from illegal activities.


it's not a democracy anymore when the Clintons cheat and get away with it...
@wwjddlm #MAGA

what about Haiti? Clinton Foundation ripped them off
yet Hilary says no new debt ?? Huh how does that work
Good! It should!

why don't you talk about how all the women executives in her Foundation make less than their male counterparts
get her on how hillary went after bill's mistresses
reality doesn't get in your way, does it?
I'm not going to kiss the ugly girls either. Clearly Bill will, but not me or Donald
That's right! HRC keeps saying that she wants to invest in people! Yeah, right! With whose money?! Ours!
Spend Spend Spend and go further in debt! That's Hillary!!
TRUMP goes after womens dignity...but that is who Trump is....sick
@Alasken12 How are you texting you're on tv?  (Blahahahaha)

rapist!!!!
@steven_vasallo =more taxes!
meaning ?
if she favors more handouts we w/b taxed more.
oh my bad and what can we expect from Democrats they play and we pay. ..
@Sc000terman

Phony @realDonaldTrump definitely had his staff write this, a 1% chance that it was him! RIGGED!
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
lol !!
continues to make an ass out of himself!
Prayers for positive change.  I want to live in a God fearing country
aren't you debating?
she is part of a lame duck administration.
She will kills small business, family farms, the middle class.  WAKE UP AMERICA.  #TrumpPence16 is our answer.
going back to the Russian hacking problem, her personal server was compromised, she is the one that needs concern
I finally see that Mr. Trump is easily misunderstood and take. Out of context. I am on board, Make America Great Again.
Obama care may look great on paper. It even affected the Tri-care insurance for Retired Military. A Promise if you stay-re
"CORRECT"
0 @HillaryClinton 3 the DONALD is thirsty

#debatenight 
#YoureThePuppet 
Moderator: your plans don't add up, they are unrealistic
she's just an ass ....lining her own pocket
She will flush this economy right down the toilet
Is that like regulation you want on women's bodies?
under current administration barely any raises for Retired Military.
She is using a teleprompter, Trump has to call her out if he wants to win.
Son we know you are right. Less regulation and let the corporate actors to spend their money on their companies.

love donald trump from Mississippi
she's on medication, her eyes are very watery, and blinking rapidly.
at least #gohillary has a plan. Clinton for President!!!
say it over and over. #AMEN #debate #debatenight
hillary is looking nervous and is she signaling chris wallace?
#debate Can u imagine what a disaster Trump will look like after 4 years in WH? How does it feel 2B judged like a female @realDonaldTrump
who created the "great recession" her people did. Wall street. Bet on people failing. Good stuff.
I am Sorry... He said some dump things again :( #DumpTrump
I wish I could communicate some things that I wish he would call her on.
her plan may tax wealthy which indirectly puts the squeeze on those less than $250,000... Go there
Trump will take it by a landslide Hillary is all washed up
Trump has to call out the thing Hillary is reading from when she keeps looking down, if he doesn't he is missing something.
she couldn't brush her damn teeth before this ? Those brown teeth are gross
Your plan add trillions to the debt. Are you tweeting now? The sniffing is getting annoying
#TinyHandsareshakingonstage
22years active duty, U.S. Army (RET.) under her husband soldiers on food stamps
You really mean closing loopholes that allow you to fuck the government!
Only YOU give YOURSELF credit for things done!  You're a DISASTER!
pay attention, you're in the middle of a "debate".
Trump calls for fascism and an authoritarian state. His minister of propaganda Bannon  will organize the brown-shirts.
#debatenight  yo ass outta America
"He would rather have a puppet then me as president" - HRC on Putin HRC, you're on fire tonight! #election2016!
hit her hard she won't stop talking.
I don't have college tuition! I work and pay for what I want! I would love a little tax break. From a Single working women!
why would I trust a person who lost a billion dollars to negotiate anything ??
he needs to focus. We aren't talking trade. Taxes!!
i don't believe the rigged media
# you didn't mention how you are going to improve our economy # all what you said we are going, we are going no plans.
aren't you blowing it on live tv right now? Is this Jr. tweeting for you?
screw Hillary she sucks
jajajajajaja you mad bitch
how is it that Hillary gets attacked twice as long is Donald it without interruption?
QUACK
Taxes designed to make rich reinvest in their business to make more jobs
why is he going off subject. Stick with the question
those jobs will never come back. Mexico is to cheap to make things there and there are no regulations like USA
he's so snide and sounds stupid
I'm changing side. Go Donald!
that smirk of crooked Clinton drives me nuts
#PutinPuppet
Goodyear is also opening a plant in Mexico
You don't pay taxes, you tool.  What the hell do you care?
REALLY?  Is boris the russian tweeting??
He is so bombing this again!
ya got to nail her on economy! !!!
SNIFF
she is no good for the middle class! 8 yrs & things still suck!!! I'm GOP but would rather see Bernie up there! Go Trump!!
after tonight performance you really secured your loss in this election # congrats.
Ask her if she ever took Economics 101. How does raising minimum wage create jobs?
and we the #TaxPayers pay for it all! Why can't anyone see this!!!
kill our America  Hillary 2016 president
He asked a question about your plan for economy. No Answer as usual! You big PHONEY!
it's fun watching her bait you, and you going off the rails.
don't forget her involvement in selling the United States' uranium to Russia.
you are just a conspiracy theorist
Puppet
should walk over to her podium and ask why hers is lit up and not yours lol
#cookenouse

Hillary is a liar and only says what she wants everyone to hear. She wouldn't know the truth if it bit her in her big butt.
on economy your guy goes back to nukes. Smooth
That would work, though, wouldn't it?
Remember those rich peoplle are the ones give jobs to other, taxing them heavily will destroy jobs, Taxes to make more
yeah!!!
Clinton"we are going where the money is" yeah! Get packed we're going the Cabo
ask Hillary why she doesn't ever wear a American flag pin on any of her outfits. EVER!!!!
which means more taxes

