It's not that simple, what does it even mean?
The US is a great country, America is two continents, North and South.
You're denying the existence of the continents of North and South America?
The USA is not part of South America, the former is a country, that latter is a continent.
you are STANDING on your Own politically #Hillary wouldn't survive w/o the protection of #MSM We are with you!
its this simple- give the money back
@TrumpSuperPAC #imwithhim u r goin win watch election voter fraud
vote Peter Griffin for President
America is already great mr. baffoon! Go home and stay there!
if it wasn't for guys like you, we wouldn't need to fix it
Stolen from Sarah Palin.
Can't believe it - shouldn't a person who is threatening to kill someone be at least detained and prosecuted?
It's this simple.. America IS GREAT. I guess you just haven't cheated enough people financially this year...
Propaganda won't work. America is no longer a super power. The writing is on the wall and it says China or Russia.
@Trump4Hope Elite email discussing the stain for evangelist and Catholics I hope you don't let this go by
NEWSFLASH:  America's been great since 1789.
They want him to cope with the cnn type of reasoning
4 weeks left #trump arrogant,sociopathic,narcissistic,megalomaniac,cruel,traitorous,sniffling coke head liar then buhbye
you're losing in polls, one ad on TV  no ground game nobody registering voters like HRC, you're losing it for us all!
You couldn't make a falling cake great again.  We are not giving you POTUS.  America is too smart and educated. Go Away!
CNN is giving the locker room talk too publicity especially this a matter of the past
make america hate again #BiggerLeagueTruth
now with your leadership
show me an example of where Americans was great & where we failed?
@DandyTigerOfVA #Neither #party is on #your #side - sounds nice but in this light #funny!
You cannot make America great again by killing people worldwide
Remember you are a business man and she is an experienced politician.
@MoMan60 @realDonaldTrump He won't, he's to busy firing up the RWNJS  for a post election revolution...
LIKE WHEN? AND HOW?
#MAGAx3
then you should have made your make America great again hats in America #hypocrite
Any so call expert that says mr Trump style is not working 4him know this 2b the opposite
It's as simple as please don't become president.
it's simple. Put Trump in the nut house
do it by putting CROOKED HILLARY in PRISON for LIFE
The ONLY way is to #DumpTrump
- Only a traitorous non-patriot like you thinks America is not already great. You ARE the New Benedict Arnold.  Legacy.
why is no one talking about when Martha R. Started to debate with Mr  Trump?
wrong, your acronym #MAGA means Make America Grab Again?
America never STOPPED being great, stupid.
Echo chamber?
At your rally today stay on issues If u get elected you will have to work w/Ryan. Point out AGAIN support u or Hillary wins
If you are against Trump,  means you have been brainwashed by the media. Please do your homework, don't be so blind!
How people can be so blind and ignorant?  I don't get it!
THOSE WHO ARE AGAINST TRUMP ARE AGAINST AMERICA AND AGAINST HER PEOPLE.
The media became part of a  corrupted political party who is not against Trump but against the American people.
TRUMP you were sent by God to rescue American as we are on the edge of the Clift! You will will!
TRUMP anyone who is against you is against the American people!  How sad!
TRUMP you are the best candidate ever in history. YOU will win! We the real Americans   YOU!
Yeah sure it

Long on Rhetoric but Zero Solutions#TaxReturns#Trump#Transparency#KingOfDebt#DumpTrump#Liar#Bigly#Narcissist#Genius
elect Hillary Clinton
America will be great again when you are defeated and go back into your tower and pout
why don't you bring your clothing line back to our country#foot in mouth disease
Without a pervert at the topBeauty pageant ownerSAD person.
America is great, but it could be greater. Let's start by taxing the top 1% to PAY for the changes needed.
U won! Don't go after the R's who jumped ship. Let the people do that job 4 u! Stay strong & dignified. Great job last nite
the only thing bad about America is you and your ignorant supporters. SHAME
How man Men died building Trump Towers bad safety rating ,same as ''Benghazi'' republican's cut the budget .
and its this simple leave America alone thanks a lot!!
the only way to make America great is to vote Trump,!
Hillary is crooked time to take a stand against dirty politicians! Go Donald!
AMERICA IS ALREADY GREAT.  DONT DESTROY IT!!!
DUMP THE FRAUD
replace great with grope and you've got it!
unfortunately it is a lot harder than just saying, "it's going to be sooooo good".
@DebAlwaystrump THIS is whereu stay.  Leave media, spineless republicans etc alone for now. Even ifthe runtheir mouth.
America is great!!
it will be great again when u are gone
you're making America a laughing stock
WAIT,AT THE DEBATE YOU SAID AMERICA WAS GREAT,SO WHICH IS IT?
is Gob your favorite?
not on your watch lieboy. #nowayback
Women should think of their Country & the future of their children.  Trump will make things right.  We all learn from our m
I couldn't agree more. But, in order to do that, you would have to either die or leave the country. I pray for the first!
So you're saying America is not great?
#bigleagurdouchebag
Trump Cares!
WE ARE FOR YOU MR TRUMP
When do you leave?
you were great tonight, the clear winner!
Hahahahah! No, it ain't that simple, Dumbnald! But there ain't enough room in your mind for anything not-simple to enter.
@gkkeebler smh
#youreadouche
President Trump....would you do me one favor tonight ???

GO HOME AND SLEEP LIKE A BABY....

WE DEPLORABLES WILL FOR SURE !
You've lit the fire.. the movement is unstoppable
YOU ARE AWESOME!!! I am a woman who will support you to the end!!! #MAGA
you should hire detectives to find every bit of dirt on the journalists that try (and fail) to destroy you
Bringing those women to the debate was not to Trump's advantage.
ONLY to a pointy headed simpleton like you.
-- Congratulations! You Did Absolutely Great Tonight! You made myself, and the World Proud Tonight! Go Trump!! Go Pence!!
We are with you all the way to the White House.   Mr. President
the only way you will ever be able to MAGA would be if you leave, you ridiculous manchild.
U did great!  U will be the next pres. of this US of A....and i am a woman
@WesleyRickard When did America stop being great?
Deport Trump!
@Dad_Trump2 Nice prosecution Mr Trump Getting closer to that Golden Oval Office Potus Trump/VP PenceAmerica First

i am proud to be a trump supporter.   you did an an incredible job tonite.
America is already great but if you get elected america will disappear
By saying absolutely Bigly Nothing.
Let the wealthy pay their share of taxes. We sick of making you rich.
@Darren32895836 Great job 
Trump bragged about sexually assaulting Women and was caught planning another assault! Hillary stayed with an assaulter! 
U Da Man!
We are already great & you should know it! :)
https://youtu.be/soOSewq3_t4 
@Dollfinish KEEP PRAYING, STAY THE COURSE. IT IS ALL ABOUT http://JOBS.JOBS.JOBS , OBAMACARE, ECONOMY AND IMMIGRATION!
Make American Great Again 
Make AMERICA GREAT Again YOUR VOTE COUNTS.       VOTE DONALD TRUMP.
I'm pretty sure you mean "Make America gay again"
BRAVO!!
will the ditch diggers of 30yrs make the same EQUAL PAY AS HILARY? WILL THE TEACHERS N BUS DRIVER'S MAKE THE SAME AS HER..
#trump #likeaboss amazing fantastic performance #theredeemer #bigleaguetruth #maga
Get your FREE banners & more @ https://wftwh.com/pages/free-headers-covers …
Congratulations, Mr. President.  #TRUMPSMASH!
you won the debate!
you knocked it out of the park! Great debate!
good job Donald Trump.....kept on topic and u rattled.  Hillary's face projected anger and extreme anger
"Big League Truth?" BLT? Nah. I think baloney is more accurate.
Also, where the heck did you find that slogan? It sounds like someone's  desperate for a lame catchphrase.

IT IS ALREADY GREAT DUMMY!
Good job DJT you said "Constitution" in SCOTUS question w/in 5-6 words, HRC never said it!!! Important!
....America's real pervert.....sexual predator 2.0
sniff
@LdyGuin only Trump Can
HRC just said that she'd target Baghdad as soon as she is president, and guess what? She said it out loud on media! Again!
Fuck Trump
Yes, it's plain as the sunshine in the Arizona desert
SUCK MY ASS!!!
The real issue here.
put this fake career politician in place!
oh my golly everyone needs to let it go
CROOKED HILLARY WILL GO TO PRISON NOT THE WHITE HOUSE! LOCK HER UP PRISON 2016!
@Renzomadridtv  el racista de  trump y la reptilianacde  Hilari
Ask about her Foundation!!!!!
Outstanding tonight Mr Trump
Very Simple ...what is CH talking about she just rambles on...
on Point!! Awesome thus far!!
America is already great!
you're doing good. Keep it up! Relax!
why did you get kellyann as your campaign manager???she was for Ted cruise, ????? Why not Katrina
Hey Donald.
You have nothing but money, why aren't you paying your own weight?
