What a big Orange Loser!
you've been dragging over 3500+ lawsuits over the years and stiffed a bunch of middle class workers. Now you want to help?
Hillary's Orange suit from Prison will be fine.  Cement the key. 
you didn't tweet this. It's to eloquent
uh oh someone has lost  use #tantrums #GOPxhildcarepolicy

Seen the polls?
.@realDonaldTrump Ppl shd BOYCOTT all yr properties & businesses & DEMONSTRATE in front of thm til u COME CLEAN & REVEAL ALL YR TAX RETURNS!
take a chill pill wee D.
run Obama stating facts about hillary in 2008 as a tv ad. Let dems bury dems

Trump: Paris Hilton Was Hot At 12, I Watched Her Sex Tape With Melania
what about social security fund that congress owes money to...so that we don't have to wait to retire at 70!
how long does it take you to write 140-character tweets with hands that are so small

9 IN 10 AMERICANS KNOW VERY WELL #JEWS RIGGING #Debate!!!! #BREXIT #Hialeah #Sputnik #Miami #NYT #AIPAC #ADL #FBI #Veterans
Just so you know American Women Trust You! The polls are BS. YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN & WILL STOP World Islamification
cunt
Trump and Ivana's divorce cited "cruel and inhuman treatment by Mr. Trump"
new idea, first thing to do as president, you will never waste your time campaigning , should be illegal , work on issues
Would your childcare plan exclude African American, Hispanic, and other non-white children, as your ad does?
You're an irrational vindictive threat to the world.
#NightTweets
.@realDonaldTrump Of cours ads abtUr "nasty," showg irate 5-yr-old stuck N bloated 70-yr-old body sayg NASTY THINGS! https://www.yahoo.com/news/clintons-nasty-trump-ads-mostly-own-words-071815999--election.html …
@KellyannePolls @Reince @JasonMillerinDC @sc007kc GREAT MESSAGE! Where the narrative NEEDS TO BE #MAGA #Americafirst
They're getting restless, Mr. Trump, because they know you're almost there!
@LucarioFR IM AM DONALD TRUMP AND I APPROUVE THIS MESSAGE xD

Then shut down your factories overseas, and make them in the US. Bring your money back in the states and pay taxes on it.
Dude your sons look like Christian Bale in American Psycho. Take it down a notch there, Child Care McGee.

Don't you worry about Melanoma? #LyinTrump #ClownTrain #BigCheeto
this is so ignorant, not for the average voting American.
.@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump Being a mother is an honor but its NOT the most important job a woman can have.Many women don't have children
4 those of us who are moms it IS thee most important job in the world.over ALL else. Don't xpect u to get it.
Only if we decide to be parents.
CRUCIAL QUESTION FOR YOU:

#WillTrumpProsecuteHillary when he is President?

http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/09/30/donald-trump-demands-president-obama-not-pardon-hillary-clinton/ …
CRUCIAL QUESTION FOR YOU: can any leader be called just if they don't forcibly shave that goatee off your face?
Ah, but the lovely @HerThroneOfGold likes it.

cc: @sambotta
Avalon Bay, my favorite place on planet earth. I spread my father's ashes in that water
It is a beautiful place to do so.

My brother and I spread our father's in England.
less than 2 yrs. thank goodness we can get rid of congress-your party will be gone!!!!!!!!!
No, it doesn't. It doesn't help middle and working class fams at all. It's a tax credit! You won't save crap!
Taxes I know Trumps plan will help you keep more of your $$ Vote Hillary we need more$$$$$ of your $$$$
Hi Trump Troll! You're new! Only 49 tweets so far? You better pick it up!
Your husband looks like there singer. Not trying to make fun I like the band.
My husband? What are you talking about? That's a picture of me and my son when he graduated Marine boot camp
#AmericaFirst c'est le retour du protectionnisme ?
firing the one you said could stay was mistake,you knew he would of had you in prison
turnt
you lose
you lose
sorry, but Trump lost in the debate
lol - i agree!!
: Both of you are wrong, Hillary cheated against Trump and there's proof.
Did you tell your third wife about what a great family man you are?  @realDonaldTrump #putinsbitch #goldenshower
lol, your beholding to foreign governments-not just a  citizen of those countries. you released 2005 taxes w/o schedules
The hell it does!
yes the wealthy top 1-2% of women that don't need it
just like the drug lords & mobsters you are alined with. You are a crook belong in prison
over 40% of americans live under 80,000 a yr. no medical, no savings, home-utilities-food-medicine-cloths for kids
okay if you really want to create a storm, suggest a lot of poor people should use more birth control
if Hil doesn't know how on earth the emails got there, where else on eRth might they show up , the most KEY thing , so key

WATCH Trump's supposed "fat shaming" of Alicia Machedo. He actually compliments her.

Expose this media hoax.…
@PrisonPlanet 100% and he continues to say nice things like call her a porn star. Nice try.
Then what DO you call those who star in Porn movies?
.@realDonaldTrump And like all your plans - it helps the wealthy most and won't help the ppl who are in greatest need.
and crooked Hillary helps? Oh yah crooked Hillary
yes, Hillary has been helping children and families for over 30 years. as president, even more.
she has failed our country the Iran deal makes no sense!!
I don't think you can say she failed our country given all her accomplishments.
give me 2 accomplishments?
as a Senator she secured $20 billions to rebuild NYC after 9/11 and money for 1st responders
this took her years to do and it should have takin her 9 months!
the thing is that the people who voted for you are the ones you will be hurting, you are worse than hitler
reporters tell the people the truth not like trash you read, & you can't stand it, lol.
your the genius this country has needed for over 50 http://years.You  are going to be the greatest President America has ever had.
thought would make you look good, ha ha.
someone WILL eventually hack the IRS. 2005 taxes showed poor business, lol.
you forget that americans find out info. from not just US you aren't the only one governments provide info. to!!!!
Obama had NO reason to tap your home, Russia DID!!!! YOU ARE A LIAR.
charity starts at home....go Trump
you were picked by russia, china, plus 4 other's to become President because you are beholding they want favors
have more now than what we will have through you the people needing most don't make enough(working full-time)claim IRS
By giving 70% of the benefits will go to families that make $100,000+ & 25% to those earning $200,000+ and denying it to those who need it?
so you want to cut for those, PLUS if make under 32,000. you want to cut EVERYTHING. your a MONSTER
Trump-care is worse thing in US history. your so ignorant you don't get it. CHOICE will NOT fix due to ins.rates rising big

Trump us the ONLY way to go. HRC is a political mobster criminal

Your young and probably don't know but several of past presidents had mental health issues. One was Bill Clinton sex addict,et
don't you love your country?
Trump is not bipolar. If he has anything it is narcissistic personality dis. So say experts, which you're not right?
There are enough insane true stories & facts in this election without starting rumors.
Agreed
Tell the whole US.WE need your story. Clintons are vomit. I'm sorry that happened to u
Why dont you care about the women and teenagers Trump raped? Or is it only valid when it is anyone else?
It isnt BS. He has a rape trial coming up on October 14th. Of a 13yo girl.
.@realDonaldTrump Your child care plan would be great if it were still 1950. Your plan is discriminatory and out of touch w/ REALITY
Most people live in the real world, not in an illusory vote grabbing world. Trump's childcare plan is real. @realDonaldTrump
you don't even live in this country. Bye
you're making a lot of assumptions
you bragged you never raised your kids, nannies did all the work
his kids were with him all time. They stated they grew up in the business
.@realDonaldTrump what if the new moms gain weight? 
don the con
yes vote for donald so he can convict Hillary.
he's the one under investigation not Hillary
dwellers, well she has just insulted 99% of Americans now all that's left are her donor class the 1%.
You believe in families so much you're on your third.
Raping your own wife isn't a bad habit?
Your family first
I heard "tax credits" and knew you had zero understanding of the needs of real families who don't live in gold penthouses. @realDonaldTrump
And hillary does? If she gets her way the only jobs left in America will be with moving companies.
You seem to be forgetting that half of Dems & most independents hate Clinton almost as much as they hate @realDonaldTrump. Almost
Read it people. You have to make so much before it will work well
How about some details, on anything Donald
@Sheindie I lawvvv the #ImWithYou hashtag!! Brilliant.
women hate u though

it bullshit doesn't help low/middle income Mom's. Aren't children inconvenient to u anyway. U could care less for Moms
How come you didn't start this with your employees? Herr Fuhrer?
U R a true entrepreneur and that's what it will take to #MAGA.  The standard being promoted by libs is the road to nowhere.
Please don't let us down Mr "T"
Please don't forget the families who care for their disabled love ones, no one considers the disabled who are over 18
16) By the way, at least we know you won't sleep on the job. Tweet away! You must be getting under the skin of HC and camp.
will women and their families get different benefits based on their looks? If so good thing pregnancy increases breast size
Yes I believe in keeping it in the family.
all of a sudden?  You had NO CHILDCARE plan for your workers before you started running for president!
Pedre Dumpf you are a loser. The good is news is as time goes on and the more you tweet  the world recognizes it.
your family values? 5 kids with 3 wives, @ least 2 you cheated on? No thank you!
You blew it pal! Thanks alot for giving us president Hillary Clinton! #egomaniac
- really????
It also reflects your socialist tendencies. Not to mention your idiocy. @realDonaldTrump
You're an adulterer who cheated on all your wives and dodged the draft.
4 the rich. Also, rumor is Iuanka / isn't so great at this W own emp. Doesn't have to be law to be nice.
and BARF! to @IvankaTrump #TrumpNepotism #NEVERtrump!
What a Great President Donald J Trump will make for families. I think my next child will be named Donald
What have you ever done for children, parents, and families? Nothing. Now, you want to pretend you love them for votes.
But where is YOUR wife? #whereismelania
Modern families also include families with 2 dads or 2 moms.  You are not modern. Your plan is not inclusive. #homophobe
11) so many ppl drawing SS disability checks, welfare, housing $, and food $.
@jkaccinni wow. Waiting to meet u as Mr. President. Good luck.
does this include illegal immigrant's families too?
He's so "family first," he has at least THREE!
Your plan is neither comprehensive nor long enough, though I'm glad you have some plan. Not enough.
.@realDonaldTrump  maternity leave through unemp ins would cut many working families' incomes during leave #familiesafterDTfinances
you don't care about any family but yours
No you are NOT! You are with YOU!
You've said it's the mother's job to take care of the kids. Have you ever changed a diaper?
You've been married 3 times right?
This is awesome. Stay on task and stick to what matters.  
Don't stoop to HRC's level and be the man of principal we know!
It's unfortunate you're dragging your whole family down with you. You're so unfit to be POTUS.  Worst candidate EVER
#UnfollowTrump
You didn't think of "family first" when you turned over the running of your corp taking Ivanka away from HER family
http://www.wsj.com/articles/trump-trade-plan-could-push-u-s-into-recession-study-says-1474257662 …
you have no clue what your plan is
"but, ya know, mostly white babies. more pure and superior."
What's your child care plan, build a wall around schools or deport all the kids?
.@realDonaldTrump http://talkingpointsmemo.com/edblog/trump-pressured-second-wife-to-pose-nude-for-playboy …
I bet you have never changed a diaper in your life.  Lets see your tax returns.
Family First!
You put America so "first" that when they ask you to pay taxes they get the finger... with friends like you...
Which family?  The one you cheated on?
good thing your daughter came up with one. not liking your leash. seems like you chewed through it this week.
u have no plan 
American Fascist!
9) "Really?" No mother gets confused about the murder of her child.
The cost of child care cuts into there weekly pay.
I love that your plan will allow women to stay home and raise their children instead of sending them to someone else!
SAD dems! TREMENDOUS DON will win! "PEOPLE SAY" DT is genius. Believe those "People." HUGE People! TREMENDOUS!
if family is so important why did you cheat on your first wife with your second one.
Hey
aren't you against women working?
You have no idea what a working class family is, nor do you care.
The only person you care about is yourself!#crookedTrump
Your childcare plan is a failure. Some have difficulties working because they cannot pay for childcare on the front end!
Idea robbed from your daughter.  You've never been a normal father and underestimated their mothers...all 3 of them.
YOUR daughter may believe in family. YOU could care less! Five  babies mamas' in 3 marriages by adultery! Care about what?
Did I ASK you to be with me? Don't even touch me.. #canttouchthis
stop acting like a 2year old mocking Hillary!! You look foolish!! It looks really bad!! Not presidential. Control yourself!
I haven't laughed so much in ages, thanks!
.@realDonaldTrump Rest in Peace GOP - RIP GOP T-Shirt now available on @Amazon https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01HPLAYX4  #RIPGOP #ImWithHer #NeverTrump
but Donald, which family? ur first 1st, your 2nd? Youve had so many its hard to keep track...
What a joke! Your plan is laughable when it comes to ordinary working people. So are you, Devious Donald.
It actually only helps "traditional" families.
I feel sorry for your children… They could never get a real job now that you've destroyed them along with yourself
Let's mobilize and bring the evil medias like NYT LAT and WP down.
hey man
reflects the needs of the modern
What does that BULLSHIT  mean? @TeamTrump
why is this not on tv
https://www.facebook.com/fartonhillaryclinton/videos/1248720335159651/ …
is your daughter the only one you could get?
ur a horrid O2 thief who thinks only of urself.  #stayinTrumphotelrefusetopaynotsatisfied
which family.. First, second or third.
Pls do something bout CPS/Family Court.  Our children r dying emotionally/physically w Hill's Title IV non-kinship bill
sounds like a Democrat comercial
*White families
http://freedomoutpost.com/fbi-director-comey-took-millions-from-clinton-foundation-defense-contractor/ …

RETWEET TO EVERYONE RESIGN COMEY!
pimping out your daughter #sad
Grabbing Pootang while Mel was Pregnant? Yup ,you care so much for your family..
FAMILY FIRST (THREE WIVES AND COUNTING)
You have no plan more children would suffer.
so your saying children are suffering now because your wonderful president
The beauty pageant winner never said she was beautiful on the inside.
funny how you changed.  You said pregnancy is an inconvenience to a business.
Childcare begins with prenatal health and pregnancy screening which are provided to millions of women by Planned Parenthood
only for the 1%.  Nothing for the middle class.   #ImWithHer #whinylittlebitch #Deleteyouracct
@IvankaTrump  were VOMITING!!!
UR PLAN IS A JOKE!!! HEY GONNA BE UP AT 3 AM WANTA TWEET ABOUT YOUR MARRIAGE ESCAPADES LMAO
.@realDonaldTrump If You Tell Me You Are Supporting #Trump, I Already Know Seven Things About You
Mr. Tump you're losing a lot of supporters. Please go back to the issues at hand. OMG HRC has ginven you tons to work with
stand for our rights to homeschool and vaccine exemptions and gun ownership #bigtopic
WATCH TRUMPS PORNSTAR WIFE....CHECK OUT THESE`S PIC`S!. ...https://www.facebook.com/BOSTONSPORTS413/posts/10154446364666211 …
@joanse Pervert @IvankaTrump
IF YOU BELIEVE IN AMERICA FIRST THEN WHY ARE YOUR PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED IN CHINA AND OTHER COUNTRIES? UNBELIEVABLE! SAD!
adulterer.
which family? Your 1st? 2nd? or 3rd? must be hard to choose!

.@realDonaldTrump Family first! First family. Second family. Third Family. Maybe a fourth too?
Please stop lying to Americans. It's embarrassing.
It has such a great ending.
Powerful, strong, asssertive.
Really tough. Not nasty at all.
I 'm very  susp of why she dresses like an Aribe Prince,long jackets and pants showing  a foot long .lol.
are you done or are you finished?

@mike_pence it belongs to the Trumps and is the best I've ever heard of.
awww all the sudden Donald cares about others, tell that to the ppl you stiffed or the ones you denied housing #NeverTrump
