At least you said it.can't stand you but credit for at least managing this.
It is when he insults people every time he opens his mouth.
Because he's a thin-skinned narcissist who hates everyone, and he's about to run the entire country.
Also, do you expect me to like you after that post? If not, then you understand my first post to you.
honest critique of Israeli policy is not Jew- hatred.
I have lived there and have done doctoral study of the history.
I don't blindly defend him. When the President is right, which is often, I do it with eyes open.
Unlike @JohnKerry you supported Israel, at least your actions back up your words
You know that according to fact checkers, Trump lies more than he doesn't, right?
Did you steal this pic from @barbarafeldman's site?
Trump?  A thief?  Say it isnt' so!
. Love this beautiful
Yeah, love that lazily-stolen internet pic of a menorah that's fully-lit seven days too early.
You're not supposed to light all eight candles until the last day. Or appoint Jew haters to positions of power.
oh you poor thing. I hope you will realize. ..
my brethren??
Why can't it be both? Lol
Keep up the good fight,  You are winning!!!!!
Yes 4Sho  God Bless America 
Funny hearing a #fascist say that. #Sad
You better post how much your trips to Florida are.  MEDIA IS AGAIN SHOOTING YOU DOWN.
FAKE JEWS!!
estamos juntos en todo boreas.
ONCE EVERY HUNDRED YEAR BLOSSOM-FLOWER IS #TRUMP WONDER OF #USA IS #TRUMP GOD*BLESS #TRUMP #USA  #ISRAEL #JERUSALEM 
Happy #Hanukkah

Spicer not performing. Replace with Kellie Anne Connolly
Hey, this is like something a normal president would say!
You better be fucking kidding me! I voted for you and you saidyou were a "good christians" and we dont support satanic jews
Wtf I hate trump now

he's building a wall not dismantling it
no wall fool. Drumpf lied to you. He's a con, just said that to get elected.
that's a really interesting opinion and all but you still have not given a source for your claim.
right out of his own mouth... no fake news scandal, just his own words. #trumpisafraud
Didn't realise you were in on The War Against Christmas.
Anyone who thinks that there is a war against Christmas doesn't deserve the privilege of speaking in public.
You are special.
Says the guy who thinks there's a war on Christmas. By the way, how was your Christmas that you still had?
Wait a minute we hate Jews right? It's so confusing. Still okay to hate brown people? Like Jesus?
It's amazing how many people seem to think he was white the whole time.
ain't that the truth! But some of those people also have issues with facts!
this shouldn't be from you & Melania Trump. It should say from you & First Lady/ daughter you would date Ivanka Trump 
or would you rather it was from the murdering, perjuring, disingenuous Hillary and her rapist husband? @realDonaldTrump
where in the hell is the evidence that Hillary killed someone?   You trumpets are dreaming!
I love Hillary's response, "people around me just die". She's a lunatic.
<<Oh yeah, HC's a lunatic, but Donny's a prime example of mental & emotional stability. @GinMorgan @VeeVee
well he hasn't committed murder, perjury, tried to destroy evidence or lied to the American People/Congress
And, YOU have zero proof that HC committed murder. Oh - wait - you rely on #fakenews. @GinMorgan @VeeVee
Dude, don't let Steve Bannon or Richard Spencer see you tweeting this. They might not think you're "pure" enough.
Firstly, Steve Bannon is not anti-Semitic and secondly, Spencer has absolutely nothing to do with Trump.
 Bannon isn't anti-Semitic! Youre killing me! 
You are another uninformed lemming on twitter.
You and your 25 followers should read a book together.
I read books. None of them are going to say Bannon is some sort of Nazi, unless it was written by a liberal.
that's because you only read racist propaganda
wrong
JACKASS
Happy New Year President Trump to you and your Beautiful Family!!!
Happy Chaka-Kahn to you as well, Mr. Donald Jihadi Trump!
thank you. Best elected president ever.
GET THE FQ OUT HERE
News is you've made some of your supporters loose their tiny minds over this tweet. Ur next tweet should b u hate Nazi's.
this is just tooooo funny. #fakepresident
are you still keeping your promise of leaving alone social security and Medicare
where is happy Kwanzaa? #racism 

No but seriously...U are awfully racist 

And an embarrassment to our entire nation
that's the help. His rich white billionaire pals have the real power. Really "draining the swamp" yeah?! 
Don the Con!
Don't forget Eid is coming up 
Thanks for the acknowledgement !
Even if we don't call God Jesus
 A rose by any other name
Would smell just as sweet
SOOOO phony!!!
I love how stupid everyone is. We tweet what is relevant to the trump family only...screw everyone else! #itcanthappenhere
#Putinspuppet
my Hanukkah is sad because of you
@DiamondandSilk thank you. 
So why didn't Melanija wish us a Merry Christmas.  And why didn't Barron go to Christmas Mass?  Losing the war at home?
puppet.
@cia @fbi 
I think - your JEWISH  STAFFER- posted that tweet Yiu need to supervise your mobile from unauthorised use
Hanukkah is a legitimate celebration, unlike the Saturnalia that has no foundation in Christianity.
haha! Awesome!
I thought you made it safe to say Merry Christmas again. Now you are saying I have to be Jewish. WTF?

Screw your Jihad!!!
How dare you disrespect the Jewish community with your Menorah. Cheap insult. The Jews got your number!
Surely Obama echoes this sentiment. Just ask the United Nations! How could an American president do this to Israel?

I bet your Nazi & KKK friends don't like this.
you're disrespectful .

No Happy Festivus for the rest of us?
U R not a man. You R a fool. CIA needs to put U in handcuffs 4 tweeting US nuclear secrets. Why haven't they arrested u?
in spirit of Hanukkah, take back Jewish quarter & vindicate our Jerusalem #defundUN turn UN property in US into condos GO!
You couldn't get the lights right?

interesting you have many Jewish friends but you chose Bannon an antisemite.I think you only care about your self me meme
didnt they tell u that the 24th of december its #ChristmasEve?
MINDLESSLY-REPEATED MANTRA.  MINDLESSLY-REPEATED MANTRA.  MINDLESSLY-REPEATED MANTRA.

#FreedomConcert #boycottTrumpinauguration #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH @Rosie #trump
AAAAAAAAAAAAA
