Let's move forward together. Stop Trump and vote Hillary.
Follow me if you support Trump!
yeesh
just remember in your heart and mind, this is God's will.
I'm praying #maga wins
your kids are smart they probably voted for Hillary
Enjoy watching yourself lose. I know I will!
vote hillary
I'm scared
Get that concession speech ready.  Show some class on your way out!
Good luck to you
congratulations USA President.
they let you back on twitter?
I HEAR 2 HOUR LINES IN COLUMBUS, OHIO & PITTSBURGH ,PA
can't wait for your concession speech there
Best guess... 351.   Have a great evening!  #MAGA  http://permabeardoomster.blogspot.com/ 
Excellent! Just shows..the man who says it can't be done will always sit and watch the man who's doing it..as in Paul Ryan.
very exciting
we are praying for you & America!
<---FAKE, troll, BOT account
<--FAKE AVI @ripjoanne
Going to school tomorrow knowing you are going to be president will make my day so much brighter 
I CAN NOT WAIT.....MR. PRESIDENT
don't jump trump
good luck
@laurenchooljian. But crazy Trump has no friends
.@realDonaldTrump Look, I told you I'd help make you president, but acting this batshit crazy is making my job really hard.
Can you liberals be civil, and not attempt to incite violence, suicide or even threaten to move away?
Americanism, not Globalism. Vote Trump! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
dad
do ya thang @georgebush
TRUMP TOWER WHY IS THAT SO FUNNY
THIS IS IT! THIS IS IT!
fucking praying your gonna be building that wall son
@dkdk459 @realDonaldTrump @GlennMcmillan14 
Praying hard
!!

The lack of education displayed by your loyal supporters is astounding. #StupidIsAsStupidDoes
no vas a ganar
? @realDonaldTrump
PENSE? @tzooom @realDonaldTrump
ashahdj elin israllisini niye makaraya alıyosun ya? İzeltaş ne ya. 
trumpa pense dedi asdfldlsş
etkileşim kurarsa one minute diyelim. Kaçar gider ahdjajd
don't forget to congratulate Hillary when she wins 
when she wins at what? Checkers? Cuz she sho didn't win the election!
congratulations and every sucsess to you from across the pond
I know top comment, but honestly love, most Northern Americans can actually spell.
lady Carole was just so excited Joanne to congratulate Donald Trump so she miss spelt a word 
thank you Tony ,I do that a lot not having the benefit of higher education
Go Trump
por favor que alguien ponga una bomba en ese edificio!!!
@POTUS @FLOTUS 

MICHELLE, leave him in the bathroom, he's grown- if he wants 2 lock himself in there & cry, let him.
2
He shouldn't hv been on golf course the whole time- bet his ass regrets doing not a damn thing 4
8 yrs
Thank you Mr. President Elect Trump for being my voice.
you have a amazing fam. Hard to work together. But you guys set example
Abki baat Trump sarkar 
so happy for you!!! # TrumpTrain
George bush do ya thing
I am praying for us (America) and our next POTUS Donald J Trump
lmao hate you
your family and friends will watch you lose. #sorrynotsorry
sir victory is urs.
dont 4get my lunch or dinner party in white house on 12 nov
Fuck trump
I guess your family and friends are now calling you Mr President! Congrats!
HATE YOUR GUTS
Mr President much greetings 
Give the"nasty woman"..HerBroom
@riverodiann . #imwithher
Crooked Donald
@PolitixGal I wish I was there! We love you Mr President!
you have friends? HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAYAYAHAYYAYAYAYAYYA
you do you boo
@richiebuono  。。如在别人上网流量on  。
VETE A LA MIERDA
very exciting
can i join your family at Trump Tower im getting excited if i can get flown from here.
spero solo che ci sia qualcuno a guidarti, a consigliarti, perché da solo mandi in rovina il mondo intero
chill out.. lil dude
Congratulations!
you are my hero
been on my knees since 7pm in Virginia. PLEASE GOD!!!  We have to win for the love of our great country.
Campaigned hard for you President  TRUMP. Congratulations from a proud Pennsylvania voter.
Congratulations

ryleigh do your thing @kingbesidesIou
LEAVASUEJ
HSJSBSJS
Sarah Palin for #Secretary of the #Interior .  SHE'S GREAT ! PERFECT CHOICE FOR THE JOB  @SarahPalinUSA @transition2017
you're going to watch yourself lose
@GeorgeHWBush  time to do some o'l 2001 tricks on his tower *ahem*
God Speed Mr. President
go on lad
U WILL DO IT. WE NEED U
let's go! Do what you're great at and make this country what it should be. We know you're the man.
where's George bush when you need him
You GO Mr. President!!!
you shouldn't have won
Bet it is very vindicating for you!

while Hillary is sleeping
praying for you!!
@tamaraleighllc Thank you Mr. PRESIDENT
looking better than expected!  Exciting times!  Come on Fla!!!!
they are not going to release Fla til much later for viewership....
way to go!!

congratulations, I have had faith in you from day one. I know you will be a blessing for our country! Professor Irv Robbins
You have destroyed America. Are you proud?
254! You got this.  Go Trump.
If you win can your first act as President be to Deport me to Sweden or Canada? Thanks.
u have friends since when
Since u lost the popular vote ?
no one cares
Soon change the United States in the right direction.
please fall off 
mark Cuban said your brand would be hurt and no one wanted to stay at your hotel wrong!
don't know why CNN n MSNBC r wrong n Fox u need 16 votes 2 WIN! WTF
I hope u don't win
.@realDonaldTrump
#wrong. You have no friends
you have friends??
someone needs to fly a plane into Trump Towers asap
Save Your Time & Money on Sourcing Apparel.Choose from World's Largest Supplier Base. https://goo.gl/iY6bCy 
monitoring from Ghana #USdecides
Hi There Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP~God IS Faithful! God BLESS ('US'A) America & GBU-2-DJT!!! PRAISE THE LORD I'm wearing YOUR Hat
greetings from Argentina
Drain the Swamp!!!!!!
...We've all done what we can.. We've voted for Donald Trump to Make America Great Again!! Fingers Crossed! Glued to TV!
ISIS will get in every country no problem, in fact, they already are!
. Im a Latino and you offend me and my family.
I hope you win
Good luck Mr. President, you have my family's votes in Va!!
we love you!!
gay
#FILEEXEMPT the President elect doesn't pay taxes why should you
I hope george bush does his thing
Exciting!
I hope someone in your campaign broke the news to you before tonight that you are looking at the wrong polls
@ George bush, do your thang
and u adnire the oassion of these thugs protesting, that is not the man, that we voted for
Congratulations President-elect Trump!
@Johnatsrs1949 praying.
thank you
We need you one more time Bush
#MAGA ........this registered Democrat from small town Pennsylvania voted for MR TRUMP MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!
I will cry either way because america is fucked #terrified
praying for you guys #MAGA #draintheswamp 
Pulling ahead in Florida news media starting to change their tune
Mr. Trump should be overwhelmed, and humbled, by the trust the American people have placed in him on this day.
U got my vote!!! We need u!!! prayers your way!!! #MAGA #TrumpPence16
Congratulations Mr. President Elect
頑張れ！
NO NOS MATES, plis.
well done PRESIDENT elect Trump..
damn can I ball with you G?? I ain't with the bs I just want the paper real shit
We are so ready for your leadership sir!
@GeorgeHWBush DO YOUR THING
you will win by a landslide
so excited Our GOD is an awesome GOD...praying
jerkoff
shut up
Go Go stay infront!
I hope the secret service guys will be there to prevent your jumping. It would make a terrible orange mess on the ground.

I voted for you I to am very excited crush Obama care please
we're isis when we need them 
Congratulation in advance President Trump

why didnt you guys bomb the Trump Tower?
fuck trump he going to lose
I hope you win!!!
뭐야?? 너는왜!!!!
@mann_cmann1008 You Are Going To Be The Next President of America Sir
.  Good luck. We are rooting for you!
excited
Thank you Donald for giving me and my family hope today. We love you buddy go get'm!!!
And I'll be watching America die.
you and your family are amazing.
.
You didn't write this. HA!
