I wonder who much money ex Miss Universe was paid for this porn film?  Hum?
Move along troll or you will be blocked.
Beauty 'fat-shamed' by Trump was accused of being murder accomplice http://dailym.ai/2dq2WpR  via @MailOnline
If @HillaryClinton  ever, God forbide, win..prepare for total ORGY in the White House..dejavu ..
Glad Trump made her lose the weight; otherwise she might have been unemployed...
Probably both...
Ex Miss Universe looked great - Glad she found employment after that Miss Universe gig...
Beef it up @machadooficial beef it up!
I will bet ex Miss Universe is regretting taking that dirty money from Hillary for lying.
with certainty! Hey @foxandfriends @briankilmeade since you speaking abt it, speak truth, pls
When you attack Trump you attack his followers. This woman is a criminal and she has nerve to call Trump unfit. #TrumpWon @realDonaldTrump
The hilarious story of Alicia Machado, Hillary's sad female victim of Trump http://www.unz.com/isteve/the-hilarious-story-of-alicia-machados-hillarys-victimized-woman/ … …
Ex Miss Universe that said Trump was unfit in action - she cheated on her ex on a reality show...had sex on camera
so, conning more working people out of their hard earning money as per usual #DontheCon
Yup.  He is replacing what he spent on the primaries.  Probably make a profit.  He knows the gig is up.
Please tell us how much Hillary has spent of her money? Hillary steals money from poor people
Really? Trump claims she get all her campaign funds from wealthy donors!
Of course I know that fact.  My point is DJT bragged about self funding.
I agree with u Bruce. I was replying to the genius The New Number Two @realTheNewNum2
Ah Sorry.
lots of folks who will be HUGELY disappointed when they realize what a liar they have put their faith in. You're a disgrace
So what are you going to buy for yourself with that money? Another painting of yourself?
هلو عمو
They love u Mr President let's give them their country back focus on 4 more weeks of votesthen move u into the white house
We LOVE you, and Pence! All my family, friends will only vote,Trump!They're are many more silent voters. Now kick CrooksAss

thank you sir...you are the best.  You killed her last night, thank you
http://www.msnbc.com/the-last-word/watch/when-class-president-class-clown-debated-774524995635 …
PLEASE let make AMERICA GREAT Again
Did you hear the Arizona Republic a newspaper that has not endorsed a Democrat in 120 years just endorsed @HillaryClinton !
shatter the record does not make anyone change.  He is a mental abused perskn.
I will donate a wooden nickel as soon as I find one.
Cool-you blew many lost opportunities at debate.  Don't choke now. Remember Ali's "Rope a Dope?" Use it bro, use it. #MAGA
What happened to financing your own campaign with your own money? Oh that's right, you spend other peoples money.
@lawrence is raking you across the coals. #donaldabuseswomen
Your toxicity is pervasive. #LyinTrump #ClownTrain #BigCheeto
and this has contributed absolutely nothing
and your reply contributed an equal amount.
so did this
and this too
Trump wins all polls.. Big time
MR. SNIFFLES AT YOUR DEBATE LAST NIGHT.
If is frightening anyone supports you. You are a dangerous fraud. @KellyannePolls has sold her soul to sell a con man.

Sickening how quickly Kellyanne changed her tune.. #Hypocrite
Really? Because your supporters include some pretty sketchy individuals.
Mislead?
WE ARE THE NEW "DEPLORABLES," RIDIN' FOR THE TRUMP BRAND. WE'RE ROUNDIN' UP ALL THEM STRAYS AND DRIVIN' 'EM TO THE POLLS!

你是撒比
Vivo I Ciucciarelli...!
what?
.@realDonaldTrump dupes the rubes for money! What Trump business will you "spend" it at? #winkwinknudgenudge #conman #fraud #Trump
i weenie -- you are merely an Internet troll a Dan obvious one at that
yep.  I weenie Dan obvious. Hugie boo blatter boo.
#OBAMASWORLD
that is reported to be a hoax.
I feel sorry for hard-working people who have given you money.  It's their money down the drain..
stop swindling the American people out of their hard earned dollars by promising things u don't have a clue how to delive
fools!
a lot of suckers out there.
you're wasting their money acting like a damn fool who is gonna lose. We need Marco Rubio back now!!
I think we need @MittRomney back. I don't know why Trumpkins didn't vote for him in 2012

#NeverTrump
Hillary Clinton is better
Hillary is better at ruining the country, leaking files and killing Americans all with no accountability! Sad
Donald is good at taking everyone's money, and not using his own; he says it's smart not to pay tax
It is smart not to pay taxes LEGALLY! Wake up Clinton followers or lemmings!
I also pray that God will take away your Predjudice s

liar.Liar! Cow ! Moo ! Moo
too bad you can't pay your taxes with that money
@realDonaldTrump
What does a multi-billionaire need with $20 million of donations from struggling folks? Why not use your own money!
that's all great but why can't you just stay on point and stick with the fucking issues instead of going on your rant.

, if mexico pops up next debate ask hillary whats happens if an american sneaks into mexico

Haha, why haven't you taken it down? Trump won, you're defeated, maggot.
not paying taxes makes me smart . con man theory.
Hillary loves you moni. That's the way to move up in the Cult
(Experiences in intentional healing.) you need to heal yourself first .
Bill loves women
You're a fascist
Self funding your lies. Now self funding lies to get more funds to pay off self. No outside audits of where this money's is
Don Trump is a loser of the highest order. He's pathetic,  a fraud. Sad! @assbott @realDonaldTrump
is a loser? Billionaire? YES. FUTURE PRESIDENT? YES! PATRIOT? YES! LOSER? NEVER
maybe you can pay your back taxes with it. There's a thought...
http://insider.foxnews.com/2016/09/27/newt-gingrich-hannity-react-first-presidential-debate-donald-trump-hillary-clinton …
Why do you need to raise money? Weren't you supposed to be self-funding all this?
Who audits these funds .. it's no accountability. .just deception to bilk people more.then he Pays himself
Delete your account.
NOW I give you TRUMP
, AMERICAN PSYCHO,is raking in political contributions, reportedly stuffing it all into his own pocket. Shameless con artist
Gilbert meet Haiti
Still works. Good for you.
That'll buy you a lot of portraits of yourself.
Dave. Maybe we can get you a cloned portrait?
DJT, more $ from the pockets of hard working people, who u have screwed your whole life! They also pay your share of taxes!
Alan. Meet Haiti

red Nation Rising
the moderator did not question Hillary, not fair.
But Donald, "hard working people" pay taxes. Why don't you? #Smart ?
Hey, I know. You should get sponsorship from mop-maker Libman. Because Secretary Clinton wiped the floor with you.

weird how you say you make $630 million a year but need the money from supporters.... guess we'll see in the tax returns
Clinton is better.
Media is off the chain to spin to help Clinton let's just admit as Election Day gets closer ... http://tmi.me/1ffTFm 
DT don't let them confuse Passion with Anger!
I thought you were "rich" and didn't need the money? Oh wait
You are the best, Donald! No matter what you will bring change to Washington. :)
Wait, aren't you a billionaire?
stealing hard working people's money....do you have no shame??? #CrookedTrump
Yes, the very same hard-working people who pay their taxes. I would say that you owe each of them an apology for your lies.
the media says Clinton! American says Trump!
tremendously dumb donald
you'll take their money but won't pay your taxes?
When Trump was asked about his tax returns, he should have answered 'What difference does it make'
Trump is an interesting guy. That's the story why I vote for him.http://www.shddp.com/forum.php?x=42281 …
@CNNPOLITICS ....Hard working people that pay their TAXES.
What we can be again is back in the Bush near depression. That is exactly where you would take us. No thanks.
you need to bring up all her lies Donald show the world all her lies.. and stick the American people agenda

if theywanna waste money its up to them 
vote @HillaryClinton 
#TrumpWon't release his tax returns
a phony fraud tee would
https://www.crowdpac.com/campaigns/74424/mr-trump-we-challenge-you-release-your-tax-returns-and-well-donate-to-these-veterans-organizations …
why must your supporters lift your bill? cant you just use your charity donations instead?
Melania also is using the same thing. Because she used to do it even before meeting you. Serbia, Slovenia, Russia and USA
u email-begged for donations-LYING about winning the debate.  Your sleaziness knows no bounds.  Pathetic.
Stand strong, pray, fight, let God show you the way, you will win by Grace of God!
plus sized women vote too, fat Trump.

Do they know you pay yourself out of the campaign contributions?
what a waist... shame on your for taking their hard earned money #BillionaireTrump #CharityCase #6thGradeTrump
How can we be anything if you don't pay your fair share of taxes, Donald?
And THEY PAY TAXES DO YOU???
how much did your charity contribute?
Well done! #TrumpLoses
you only want to be President to enrich your self You're not as rich as you say LYING TRUMPET TAX CHEAT TRUMPET
Does this mean you will stop overcharging them for the rental of properties you own? Other cut costs?
continued, plumbing, heating and air. Construction mechanics. Trade scholl over college
I hope Clinton wins and not you, in America is a lot of racism and you only make it worse. You better go for peace
People are not stupid!! We know what we got in you! Thank you Sir for being there for us!! We love you!! XOXO Hugs from TX.
please make sure your new jobs pay Good And offer Benefits too! $10.00 an hour isn't getting it nor working!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just donated $100! In this Obamanation of an economy, that is a lot of $ for a deplorable! #TrumpWon #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
I thought America was flawed, but pretty great. That is, until you ran for president. #shameful #embarrassing #vile
Hardworking people who pay their taxes!
Lie Stealing money again . lying about donations, inflate numbers to have people believe your getting $$ #factcheck this

that's some AWESOME SELF funding!!
and the next mass extinction should be called Trumpocalypse

How can a man who has been so unfair to so many keep whining about being treated unfairly. It's called KARMA!!
#heslosingitbigly
ppl support Trump while just few Hollywood stars support @HillaryClinton
did you hear she wore a ear piece while you two were in a debate?
what did we used to be? I still have yet to hear what made us great before.
Them Morons want to throw their money with White Trash. I'm loving this! #TinyHandsTrump #Trumpwantstobanghisdaughter
@DonaldJTrumpJr are you going to build another building using this money like you've been doing with Foundation money?
@ResidentOfFL we love you Donald no more Hillary
Hillary said I made a mistake. But Trump should have said that mistake comprised usa security!
raping your supporters and raping a 13-year-olds?
Yeah Trump you shattered the record in lying.
Oh,  you must've used foundation funds.
chumps
deplorables have money too
How are you going to misappropriate this money? Pay some of your legal bills? #ShunTheScumTrump #DonaldPlump
Make checks out to: "I'm self-funding my campaign"
insha allah tramp will win over hypocracy of hi llory and obama.
Best of luck Mr Trump. The whole world needs you
I'm broke unemployed and on foodstamps and I'm voting for you president trump. Your the president America has been needing.
your a regular Creflow Dollar.
To say 'We are going to cut taxes' is only one part of the equation, the other part is: 'We are going to take control ...
of the government runaway spending.'
I am proud to contribute & be vested in the most important movement America has seen! Thank you Mr. Trump!
#WEVOTE


and you will use it to pay off business debts and not on the campaign- fraud
Now she had an ear piece device during the debate.. totally crooked Hillary.
did Hillary have an ear piece in her left ear? Was she being fed lines in her ear during the debate??
We still remember Joe McCarthy. Help spare us another national embarrassment.     http://advocate.com/election/2016/ …
It would be more believable if you said you stole $18 million. UR better at stealing money than earning it.
..I do not listen to lies .!Go Trump.
you are going down
who pay their taxes...
Why do you donate one second to China's elder?
Good to know from Horse's mouth that  "INDIA is "UNISLAMIC in whole World" but #LOL -> "PAKIs are Arabs"  & #tcot
.@realDonaldTrump Wht B Franklin meant whn he sd, "A republic [rathr thn monarchy] IF YOU CAN KEEP IT." COME2SENSES! http://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/the-problem-with-trump-isnt-his-debating-skills …
another lie. Someone should fact check whether all 18million came from hard working people.Trump the liar
how about that Tony Schwartz?  The author behind Art of the Deal
don't you just love stupid people? So easy to con! This is better than your Trump University scam! Talk shit get paid! TWAT
@mike_pence More for you & kids Tump transferred donations  $7.7 million to his companies his kids
Uh, dude? You've got porn on your Twitter feed. Might wanna scrub it. Or not. Your call, but it doesn't look presidential.
Now take half of it and pour it back into your own companies. Good scam you are running there.
That is probably because you told them it was to keep you OUT of the White House. Pathetic.
why are you taking money from hard working people? You said you were going to fund this yourself. Instead cashing in
@rlockrocks
@realDonaldTrump @rlockrocks
how many of your employees want you to be Pres??? Not many!! LOSER!!!!!??
Winning !! 40 days left to go !!
Melania needs a new pair of shoes! #NeverTrump #Imwithher #DealMeIn #RunLikeAGirl #ReadyOnDayOne #Hillary4thewin
What a bunch of fools giving anything to a billionaire self funding candidate. Must be the ignorant and poorly educated!
what you call suckers behind their back. Vote for and support @HillaryClinton the only choice #NeverTrump

Hillary Clinton is a Robot ,made in mexico by Chinese
SHORT TEMPER TRUMP a paper tiger that only exists in your mind
