SAYS THE HORRIBLY DESPERATE MAN WHOSE OWN PARTY HAS MOVED ON WITHOUT HIM!
hey Libtard explain why it's a good idea to bring in Syrian refugees? Stop deflecting. Her lies and distractions are contagious I guess
OK Mr. 48 followers explain all Trumps sins and they are almost endless. U cherry pick Hillary!
for the record I realize Trumps sins but they don't include taking bribes in return for American policy favors. She's corrupt as all hell
You keep trading out one for the other like some equivalency! Trump Unqualified. I wanted Bernie
at least Bernie has integrity but socialism has never and will never work. But good luck with that and w/ voting for a war monger sociopath
Only sociopath is your boy! Talking all manner of bullshit! #Dangerous #Incompetent #Nero
what will you say when she is actually locked up for her crimes? Stop being blind, I recognize Trumps flaws but she is pure corruption
She's no longer in office.......no Can do
@realDonaldTrump why she's so obsessed about that? America is  becoming a welfare country for other countries
@sheilamterry1 Americans need to come out and vote trump to save our American way of life red white blue trump train

No secret tape. Refugees aren't terrorist. They are vetted for 1-2 years before getting into US. Liar!
Hillary always hope and think bad for US to cover her tracks. Only another party can expose their secret acts.
@michaeltg even though this might be true,, - but how can a nation be 100 %terrorists ,,, its too much of a generalisation.
I don't think anyone is suggesting that, rather that it is has been penetrated by significant numbers
Maybe not ,,, but the Tweet can be understood that way,,,, 
The limitations of this format,,,again,,,,  :-)
Good luck with that, if she can't learn from Europes mistakes, America could be in big trouble.  You'd better win !!!!

Do you think people will vote for you by scarring them with ISIS. We know you're a cry baby pu**y so that ain't gonna work!
Many people are saying they can't wait to see you living in a tent.
get a grip man.
#HillaryKills
I'm voting for @HillaryClinton who wants to help people in their darkest hour, not shut them out. I'm the majority!
Ex-Trump aides tied to firm that tried to expand Russia's spying efforts http://nyp.st/2eIizpt  via @nypost
Real presidents have empathy for the least of us,sociopaths feel nothing for anyone but themselves not even family.
use it in campaign ads
admitted on tape he likes to sexually assault women and see minors naked.
yeah okay.... And I should believe you because...?
where is the tape show the exchange of prisoners for money? @CNN
wow Hillary Clinton wants to do the HUMANE thing. Shocking that someone has morals and a sense of right and wrong.
so secret that only you know and sow it......hummmm
@GrnGalFrmSoCal : 'HILLERy & 'O>r DESPARATE' EVIDENCED BY IMPORTATION of PPLEs FRM ACROSS THE GLOBE JUST 2 VOTE FOR THEM~!
all your Anti- Trumpers? Your going to be living in HELL! You must all be criminals like your master. Your day is coming
I'm not surprised!  Go Trump!
My wish was for a real headcount, find out if enough good ppl left? #crookedhillary #nastywoman in ditch, mud.
Not certain enough good ppl left, and media buried positive narrative, Trump unable discipline msg, but works hard
he will win this in a landslide! I have said this from the start! Polls don't mean crap!
Polls are rigged. Ask selected people and you can get any answer you want. Election day is coming!
exactly!
What can you say?
I'm a liar;
I DO rape women.
I'm a criminal
The king of the corruption?
Of course not;
deny deny DENY!
I'm much more afraid of you and your deplorables than I am of refugees.
wow lies till the end how can a person like you be president titanic trump will fail
yea?well fuck her! !!
Trump may be one of those douchebags who believe the world should only have 500k people #georgiaguidestones
US border exists only on the map - legacy of Obama & (C).
Can you give us a minute to wake up, Donald?
His cult followers will need more than a minute.  @realDonaldTrump

where is the tape that she wants to let IsIs in!!! Delete your account
Widowed women and children and you want to turn them away. What an American. #smh #earlyvoting #MadamPresident
rape case against trump in Dec. Will trump end up in prison? It was a very sadistic rape of 13 yr old.

BOMBSHELL: Trump admits he tried to get his mistress to have an abortion , Trump now will say Media BIAS its his own voice on tape again 
nobody is listening to you anymore.... go home... delete your account ... buenas noches cabron...#badhombre
Where can I listen to this "secret tape"?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bd2wIuK9kAM … I believe this is the one he is referring to.
Got it. Mr. O'Keefe has a history of editing video in a way that distorts reality. Be well.
Perhaps, but O'Keefe's video on bird dogging http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY … seems to be corroborated by CNN vids
Let's take the evidence on it's own merit, rather than by who is presenting it.
That is the point.  It has NO merit.
Guy says he was paid to incite violence at Trump rallies, we have video of him at Trump rallies. Warrants further investigation
You're a terrible person

What secret tape? 
Can you link?
he's full of lies.  No one has breaking news about the tape.
I think he just scooped someone by accident.
He may have received early word or he may have misspoken
Jesus Blesses You and Keep You Safe!
you speak for jesus?
i don't think so
ding dong
I speak for Jesus you got a problem with it,,, GTFO BITCH

Why don't you come sit here and tell me all about it
spent too much time on you already
Uh ohhhh sounds like..... @Ashley4Trump
isis punks girlfriend!
Wake Up America
https://twitter.com/V_of_Europe/status/789272656537346049 …
Loser. Too late for you.
Loser.  Too hate for you JJ.
Mr. Trump you must Know that our Country went to Tripoli and the barbery coast to fight Musslims 1800
Musslims do not belong in our Country period! Our founders knew it and stoped them! Oboma is aliar
Glad to see "your" country produces such well-educated individuals: illiterate!
Are You A Foolish Canadian  That Needs Some Vagiseal?? Iilliterate!! NOPE Country logic
Wow, you're going to lose in a landslide. Cannot wait until this happens.
make sure you vote .
Will be funny when you're dudded by msm
Trump as President? We cannot let this happen!
Hiliry as President? D u really think really think she can reverse 100 mil people unemployed.
hahahaha Canada took in 10,000 Syrians and nothing has happened! Stop fear mongering, Trump! You're as bad as Hitler!
this is so racist. You make me sick.
@TrampNation2 sorry Donald for your lost id rather be home with Melanie: )
wiki told Hillary drop out or we drop bomb
it's such a shone that we want to help people who live in a country where the govt commits war crimes and they have 2 leave
@GaryFSmith411 one of many reasons we didn't want this bit*h
Did you release the secret tape yet?  Why are you still sitting on this?
FBI have just found emails A. Eiener have nithing on Hillary. Disaponted? jejeje
Why????? Do not let that happen!!!
No more refugees!!!! NO! We stand firm to keep AMERICA safe and secure! No assimilation, no entry!
you tell him mum!
@shellrn69 @realDonaldTrump we will not be silent anymore
lol in 17 days or so y'all will go back to being the silent white trash crowd that the rest of the country is ashamed of
poor Jimmy. Better get your safe place ready
good one... but all seriousness u have no chance on Nov 8th.. just don't join a militia and shoot up churches afterwards
It's the Hillary camp that hates churches.
I'm pretty sure Dylan Roof had a Pepe logo in his profile too... we all know what that means u dumb hick.. no schools either
You are obviously a sick person to think that's how it works.
definitely gonna vote for her now. Thanks for the heads up.
#Killary>Neocon warmongering corporate globalist CAUSED #RefugeeCrisis in Syria http://newobserveronline.com/clinton-destroy-syria-israel/ … @realDonaldTrump
If #Killary"wins"she'll make BillClinton the EconomyCzar> use unvetted refugees as cheap foreign labor
#Killary campaign is funded by GOP Bush Neocons, she's always been the Neocon puppet in the Dem Party.
you appear to be very stupid, blocked for being an imbecile
Stop all the hate talk I was going to vote for you before you started all the lies and hate talk
GOOGLE STORY ABOUT Jihad posing as 12 yr old orphan boy!
Where is the tape?  Is it with the evidence your investigators found in Hawaii about @POTUS birth?  Maybe with tax returns?
and she wants to do it with no health checks for dangerous diseases that antibiotics can no longer deal with. Insane
@military_issues Follow me if you support the blue!
Hey Trumpster, please advocate on behalf of California Guardsmen required to pay back gov't for reenlist bonuses.
Why aren't you admitting that the US is the reason for the Syrian crisis?!!! arming isis and alqeda, they want this 2happen
http://www.newsweek.com/russia-propaganda-site-sputnik-donald-trump-sidney-blumenthal-vladimir-putin-512271 …
So-called rigorous vetting is worthless because it's based on worthless intel.
Wrong
How long is the vetting process?
#trumptheshark. It's over Donnie. Nobody cares. Worst candidate ever. You blew it
really? Many people, everyone actually is saying @realDonaldTrump is in reality 9 koala bears stacked on top of each other. #crediblesource
i am with you Mr. TRUMP
has someone explained what and where ISIS is?  Fool!
Hillary wants to allow Muslim Sharia law in America=Kill Gays,rape kids &women is legal, all trueTRUMP!
pleaseee stop the hate
I don't think this is racist I think it's smart!! We can't afford anymore ppl. We can you afford our own.
EVERY woman knows a combover is an indication of sexual inadequacy, too obvious for words!!!
We get it !! 
stay on message she is unqualified and should be in jail. USA
so where is this mysterious tape????
yeah! Her right hand Huma said it herself!
can we see it please Mr Trump?
Not true again... facts don't matter to Trumpsters
you are a liar Trump you don't even know what the truth is you don't know how to speak the truth .
total nonsense. Sadly the more noise this person makes the more people seem to think he is a real deal. He is rubbish
Let's drain the swamp in Washington DC and let the Clintons know who's BOSS!!!  VOTE @realDonaldTrump
from your boy James right? So it's a bogus tape. Lame.
I'd look at Uma Abedine-supporter of the Muslim Botherhood and her mothe is founder of Muslim Sisterhood.
"Make one up? Just like Trump does everyday: be glad to see him eat shit, soon!
Another bottomless pit our tax $ can drain into. Welfare, Medicaid, Food Stamps, Free housing, S.S., maybe Soros can pay.
Aaaaaah! We're doomed! Dooooomed!!!! There's no hope!!!!!
to hillery voter give her one year you will wish you never heard of her she will do nothing for the USA your freedom at sta
lol i believe anything such a loser
# Trump is an idiot
Liar liar hair piece on fire
@GrnGalFrmSoCal:'HILLERY/O' HV LINED ^ @ BORDER's IMMIGRANTs (GLOBAL) 2CM/VOTE 4THEM>ARREST ESTABLISMENT 4PUTTING AM@ RISK!
Refugees are victims. ISIS is the enemy. Don't be so confused. #mondaymotivation #PussyGrabbersUnite
they will not stop US!  #draintheswamp
America is running faster to hell with next election producing the world 20th century ever hated president
What secret take
The presence of Killary paid trolls here shows us that THEY'RE SCARED to death bc their cheating isn't working anymore 

@HillaryClinton If she cares bout the American people so much why does she always put other people first.#Hillaryforprison
Her supporters wnt the same they r saying so by voting 4 her, should instead vote 4 security, law&order & prosperity #MAGA
We can't have this happen! Open borders/Syrians will kill USA. If it happens, USA will have more attacks then Europe!
#CrookedHillary does not have the strength or stamina needed to defeat ISIS!! I've met Trump, he's a fantastic leader!!!
where's the tape Donald? What or who is your source?
She's one hot mess
MAYBE things would be different if Someone IN HILLARY'S FAMILY GOT RAPED BY A MUSLIM OR REFUGE!!!!
not throwing stones but you may want to recruit advisers outside of your uneducated white base
No we cannot let this happen...That's why I will be voting in the morning to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!
why would she want to let in those that hate us so much?
that large liberal bleeding heart - heart, but little brain
u won't dot worry buster.
Replacing the American voters who caught on to the crooked establishment
You're officially a spokesman for ISIS now?
you fucking bigoted clown. Fuck off
trumpagedon
which Tapes?
Quiet, you.
why do you lie so much?
Are you absolutely insane? It's like  UK not letting Amer's in cos of shootings. Crazy, crazy  bigoted nut job
Look back at your own history - try looking at the prohibition times for the effect of immigrants in your goddamn country

@TonySiragusa you're LOSING bad to a WOMAN.
How is Hillary going to create more jobs when she wants to bring more immigrants into the country.
SURPRISE!!! Donald, there are 3 branches of government. This ensures checks and balances. Many people make these decisions.
Mr Trump, should u win, will you do something abt the spraying of our skies ? ( chemtrails ) ?!
hillary wants another 911.
Hillary and Hubby has been kissing ass of depraved murderous alleged leaders having Congrats on their reinstatement .WHAT??
Syrians are not ISIS.
how very un-Christian of you to not care for the poor and the vulnerable
lol
peoples votes are being changed at the polls unless they tell someone it's being reported fyi
talk about our soldiers being forced to pay back bonuses or else! Wrong
remind me again. When exactly was American great.
And why?
@swader747 you can just stop this you can aslo stop to lie about you hiding something to you wil never be president
your rumors, lies, misleading statements and false narratives reek of desperation. You lost. For once in your life man-up
My wife and I pray for your success every day. America is finished if Hillary wins.
we could deport you and your deplorable to make some room
@cnn @nytimes @dallasnews Crooked Trump's erratic & unst8smanlke bhavior is promptng ISIS 2 unite furthr = he's helpng thm.
BULLSHIT
hey Donald, Hilary is coping your hand movements!!! She has nothing, you have it all, she's toast!
The sky is falling, the sky is falling!
Turn the tables, if Clinton supporters which are soft on her to begin with think you will win, they won't bother voting.
I still haven't ruled out that u are part of Isis since how badly u would hurt the United States
lier
.@realDonaldTrump - you know, Donald, you are just a pathetic, fat, disgusting old man.
Glad someone else noticed that! Thank you, Les (UK)
@DefendingtheUSA   She has no problem destroying if she can make money
Reality: Syrian refugee fulfilling dreams of becoming a pharmacist on Haida Gwaii
I voted early in Texas for you today!!! Go Trump Train
she needs to live with the Syrians. If she is so worried about them.
If it's secret, how do you know?? Such a liar!
Liar. Quit making shit up, Don!!  #imwither #trumpisataxevader
@hectormorenco

Wow, just came out in reality that Trump is gonna have his behind handed to him! Need Tic Tacs! Bigly!
why are you still here?
what about those running from the extremists. Plus don't call them ISIS, don't ruin the pretty name
right and I SO believe everything you say
