Crooked Hillary has shut down Wikileaks
Off course, they're smarter than Hillary.
There are serious reason to believe some High ranking US Officials have betrayed America and it's citizens.
As I block the trolls, I notice that at least 3/4 are not even American... #AmericaFirst #MAGA
25% are but they belong to the same person.
I have to admit, that fraction is inaccurate, it is more like 9/10. Seriously, look for yourself... #MAGA
Crooked Hillary us willing to get us killed in order to be Elected.
Trump is doing great right now .
Everyone agrees with you that we can’t have worse..so when you dropping out?
i want him to stay and face the humiliation he deserves!
If Hillary Clinton apply his Open Borders policy, it's the destruction of America within a year.
Worse than Obama.
Huh? Obama isn't running. Can you be any more stupid? Oh.. right.. yes you can..
Erica, play nice. When HRC stacks the Supreme Court, will you be content with loss of liberty? High taxes? Fear?
Oh I'm not worried at all.
I know, but, I am worried for you. You don't understand Socialism & all that it entails. Forced labor 4 the govt.
Don't  you worry your little head one bit! I know exactly what I'm doing. 
I hope so, Erica. Once a society is subjugated, freedom is hard to win back, if at all, e.g. Cuba.
Follow me if you support Trump!
I don't follow mr. Hitler.
chingas atu madre trump
the cocaine kicked in early today I see. Your not the answer clown
if you will focus on the issues and quit feeling sorry for yourself we could win it

You are slime.
you're mother
you're mother?  You are mother?  Since when is that a put down?  Lol.
UNITED WE STAND!!!
newsflash! Change your picture, current one looks too pouty
.@realDonaldTrump 

With you ALL the way Donald!
please keep posting on Twitter...
I am afraid if u get President it will be worse!
<<-- This is a Troll account NOT Barrack Obama's. He has 2 rr's in his name. #FakeVideo
You might be the dumbest person on twitter today. You Don't even know how to spell his name. It's 1 R genius
Regardless my point is that video was spliced together & is absolute fake.

fuck trump
We have to come together and defeat you.
who? A bunch of dead painters?
Theo wasn't a painter. Please brush up on your Art History
It would be worse, if that's possible! America NEEDS you Mr Trump!
you would be worse no drug test u need your head checked

Donald Trump's biggest lie is about the election itself. Here's what I said on @ReliableSources 
Quit attacking media/GOP attack HRC &Obama on issues foreign policy failures Obamacare that's what swing women voters care@
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Hillary is a puppet. Her campaign tells her what to do. Trump is a leader, he calls the shots.  #TrumpTrain #AmericaFirst
@PresidentTrump_ @realDonaldTrump that's why he doesn't control his twitter account!

but the idea of you in charge is far, far worse. #weakdonald
Absolutely! Appoint Constitutionaliist Judges
you're right the or worse is you.
.@realDonaldTrump Follow me! You're already following Trump, after all.
press conference the night before the election.
Falling like an old lady wearing a Life Alert. Your #'s are dropping FAST.
Thats soooo true, good one
I don't care to make a sentence, so go try and teach others-done with you
much love to you from your NY friend! I hope he stays on issues to snatch up some undecided.
Hey Taurus!?!? Why vote for Trump?

BETTER STUFF!

Then start campaigning against Hillary, instead of Paul Ryan! Bad!
Trump tv
look C NN and the others  need to give Mr Trump a brake and let the fight be  a fair grounds
look if all Gop members do like mr Speaker  the win for Mr Trump would be easier.
Mr Gingtich is one of the biggest man amount men after the xchange  with women
Where are your tax returns? Still waiting
I never said it was a law. But he promised them
No. he lost 1 Billion in 1995 and paid no tax. That wasnt spin. That was fact
Well release the tax returns, I don't know if its a comeback because I havent seen recent returns
Obama is surprisingly the best president we've had. Medical care. It's up to people to make it free paid by taxes
Everyone with college degree follow. Time to debunk media myth that no college educated support him!
far worse under you,  you're a joke, but nearly half the population doesn't get the punchline
kEEP YOUR FOCUS ON THE ELECTION, THE VOTES, THE VOTERS, YOUR MESSAGE.
don't want you!
Rude.
Keep hammering on crooked's record of lies and deception, and her lying boss too! Soon deceptive. Hillary lied,people died.
Obama can't have another term. Presidents can only have two terms. You didn't know that? I'm done I'm done
Well we got worse! We got you!
Could one advise for a  call for all Rep to come home and support our President mr Trump.
Quid Pro Quo. She owes a lot of people! @realDonaldTrump @trump_first
her support is dwindling to nothing.  here is photoshopped HRC rally.

This deflection to Benghazi is so old and inaccurate. Pathetic. Move along Trumpets...
you couldn't carry Obama's golf clubs.
if Hillary wins it won't be 4 more years of Obama, no. It will be MUCH worse.
no we can't. Because he already served 2 terms. #doh
We can't have one day of you.
President Trump will MAKE AMERCICA GREAT AGAIN
If you really think that, then I'm not loving your definition of great.
Unfortunately some people don't get it. It's been 8 years of an eroding America.
@donaldtrumpland Amen!
We will all come together and make sure you never hold any public office. Ever.
Can and will.  Release your taxes - know you haven't paid, now what's the holdup?

don't give any more attention  to the negative  ads. Focus on issues.
Obama is in campaing for another 4 years, he should be working
NOT fraud at the polls..it is media bias! HILLARY WANTED TRUMP SO THEY GAVE  HIM AIR time, & turned on him once nominated
family businesses/estates around 3mil people really need to review the death tax WSJ opinion piece 10/13   must read Entin
..I can almost guarantee you that Obama will be leaving in January. Call it a hunch.
#BillyBushMadeMe Will nominate Billy Bush for Supreme Court?
Trump, you're going to lose.
And Obama can not run again, so someone will take your place.. i just hope it's third party..
I disagree.
empire builder vs. Would be empress.
Remember #BREXIT....this is our #AMERIEXIT from corrupt politicians and corporate globalism
they are cheating g so bad go Trump
.@realDonaldTrump @Trump4Catholics you will win Sir!  We are with you.   We just need to keep our eyes open for #VoterFraud #TrumpTrain
#Election2016 is #loveofcountry vrs tyranny Went to #TrumpTrain Cincinatti #EnoughIsEnough = your vote = #VoteOurFuture
oh great I thought Demented Donnie was bad enough I was not prepared for Dementia Donny.
YOU ARE WORST
we are with you..make our Country safe, take care of our veterans, bring back jobs, lower taxes, fix #Obamacare
We can't elect you.  Liar.  Sexual Predator.
i would 4 more years of him over 1 second of you
http://www.ifyouonlynews.com/news/in-less-than-4-hours-democrats-completely-crowdfund-rebuilding-of-firebombed-nc-gop-office/ …
We do need to come together and drive this enemy and madman, Trump, from our midst.
i would rather have four more years of obama then your crazy ass
Obama is constitutionally barred from having a third term. (He still has more chance than you of winning).
.    Deny allegations MOVE ON to the big issues. Border Immigration Obama Care Jobs Economy etc. GET BACK ON MESSAGE.  :-)))
Obama leaves. It's a law, you have delusional
Worse.
just put aside all this media bullshit and talk facts about how we know you will make America great again.
there are too many family counting on you. God bless and guide you
Trump campaignMust put in best efforts in crucial remaining days for victory,to usher in stability,progress and world peace
WORSE being YOU!
I jumped on the TRUMP TRAIN let's go REPUBLICANS get on that same train because it's leaving let's be with DONALD J TRUMP
during the debate tomorrow please talk more about what you will do once elected.  No more bickering.  Take the high road.
YEAH, INSTEAD HAVE 4 years of my way or your fired!!!!! Bully, loudmouth caustic Tec.Stick to issues not school yd  garbage
OMG 4 more years of the 'bamas. That would be #thebestever
you have to stop shooting your self on the foot if we want ro win this election its like if you didnt want to win
Your calls the election is rigged is anti-American.  It makes you a traitor to Democracy plain and simple.
Republicans are self-destructing and dragging you down with them. Time for a new Party.
Obama great President
Do you know how stupid your tweet is? Obama can't run for another term. Just another reason that you're #unfit
Someone must have hacked your account. Your rhetoric was different yesterday.
#MAGA. 
We can't believe the media I think the media is in the tank 4 Dems. Life as we know it will cease & MUCH MUCH worse.VoteDJT
I'd rather have the current @POTUS, Obama, than  have either you OR Hillary. Or Gary Johnson. Jeez. is that so much to ask?
Obama approval rating incredibly high. Dumb to use that angle, Don. We want 4 more years of our terrific President!
maybe you should have thought about this 9 months ago
I'm with you.
#America .vs. #trump

#Debate

#GOP Voters Want Nothing..Nothing to do with Trump

@realdonaldtrump
Donald Trump is badly trailing his own party in voters' trust http://huff.to/2eagZh4  
Four more years of Obama is what we in the industry like to call "legally impossible".
I am a proud Trump supporter.
we will be so happy when you become president.. Fix what fuck tard Obama has done. Make America great again.. amen!!
http://youtu.be/_VDvx2i5C-8  via @youtube
We will Win Donald! Theres nothing or no one that will take this cntry away fr us. We r Ready.We r Strong.We r Amexit!
YES, YES, KEEP THAT UP. TALK TO THE ANTI TRUMP PEOPLE YOU NEED THEM MORE THAN EVER
Stop with the women issue its lies move on
the fact that you are now beyond satire is incredible. You have become a parody of yourself!
i i just seen that one of your folloers said he was a patriot...'m  a patriot also...nazi
is the or worse you getting elected?
Worse? That would be you of course....stating the obvious.
That's why I encourage everyone to vote third party. @realDonaldTrump
Obama has done a good job. You're just pandering to the low leveled IQ of the population
BS  Donnie isn't in it to win!  He's out to start a media company and screw his supporters like he's done all his life.
How do we get more Women voters for TRUMP. Women for TRUMP is great! Please read what they have to say. VOTE PRES. TRUMP!!!
Things are bad and we are swimming up stream the media big wall street and the media make big money they don't care
we are more then you can imagine Donald, President Trump I mean
Hey, that's a good idea. Why don't you stop attacking republicans yourself?
So you're not opposing "traitors" in the GOP and working on losing Congress to Dems now? Why the course change, again?
I'm 62 and NEVER have I seen a candidate work as hard as Trump has while the princess is hidingThe media has her covered.
everyone hates you.
Have you thought about trying to focus on important issues instead of blaming everyone around you for your shortcomings?
you,really right on this one! Go Hillary...Vote Blue.

4 Years of you? u can't even decide if polls r rigged or not rigged or if cnn is corrupt media or if you like their poll #s
We would fucking love 4 more years of Obama; we'll settle for Hillary. #nevertrump
Get Real @realDonaldTrump can't keep it together for 2 second

my latin family and myself a women already voted for you. We love you! Win 4 us
you have to win Mr. Trump!! You are our only hope!! We the American people see how crooked the system is!
you don't like prosperity and stability! You think grabbing women'll make this country better!!
When is your tv network going on the air?
I don't know if you know this, man, but Obama's not actually running for President this time.
@trebortwo 
Win it! You are the last great hope.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
that's for sure!!!
YEs we can.. Yes we will have 4 more years because Hillary is qualified. You need a visit to the padded room. Go Away
I'll take 4 more years of Obama! 
Obama's poll numbers suggest otherwise. 

Coward.
Who is "we"? I'll be in "another community" on 11/8 casting my LEGITIMATE vote & I dare your "poll watchers" to ask for ID!
um.. he's not running.
America will be #StrongerTogether with @realDonaldTrump.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#TrumpPence16
#MASA
can anyone say Benghazi?! Trump is the Real winner!
#DonaldJTrump For President 2016
@Peggy7172 
And it needs to be a Landslide win so the Lefts efforts to silence the American  people are for not!!
When you win this thing I'm gonna update the national anthem. We will make the Clinton Foundation pay for it. #crookedremix
we need HRC you whiny little bitch...
@debdew2 TrumpTrain army is hitting it every hour of every day
This video shows HRC is being a child rapist. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ouQbkY_FYGc …
@BigMuscleBabe hopefully we'll have 8Y of a groundbreaking presidency of HRC while kicking ur nonsense & shenanigans 2curb!
Obama is a hell of a lot more popular than you right now..lol!
FUCK YOU!!!
there is no one worse than u.  Get over it u will lose.
you've got to focus primarily on the issues and policy while simultaneously hitting Hillary
to be fit to lead u should have decency, decorum, charater&integrity, moral compass, U have NONE, UNFIT
LOSER! BWAHAHAHA #LAUGHINGSTOCK #JACKASS #PERVERT
you are right plz stop mud slinging get on the topics the people want to hear. Trump 2016

