We shouldn't settle for less than a world where everybody wins. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VA076rpDc_Q … #bantrump
Like taking security briefings before talking to dictators?  Reckless lack of intellectual curiosity. Fail!
happy easter mr president to you and your family God bless America
prove it I dare you!
 great times
Yes thank you Ohio.And let,s all ohioians pray for Trump and Mike pence.
I am a slow Kid
Approached in an odd manner
I hate even talking about walking into My life 
Hello
help
Dam  it again
I will not hit a certain button this time. Hello Sir. Great job as President Sir. Just take down Richard Pattison Sir
Mr Trump, Sir
it is funny how shit jumps around
I cannot comment correctly
A Kenyan man Nyirongo Trump is claiming he is the half brother of #realDonaldTrump
*
.I'am.For sale anciend Chinese Ceramic and Chair Hardwood ( Motif and Wood)= In Forbiden City /Tien An Men Beijing Tiongkok
haha. Douche
You won't America Great.. You'll make America  HATE..  YOU.
good try to better
@mikesmith8026 
I remember when the tide started to turn in your favor it was as if someone had finally heard our prayers.
what a complete a****** you are Donald Trump
please don't visit my state ever again.
hello
Merry Christmas,  Mr. President!
Trying to get YOU deported ???? That is work. But enjoyable for many of us.
when can we expect you to come to Texas , specifically Dallas or Fort Worth? Texas loves you
U have given us hope again President Trump & we'll take it from there, cuz we're strong, like you! God bless U Pres Trump!
Yeah we did President Trump! You have made so many of us look forward 2 the coming day again. You have given us hope!
replace America with Trump and that's the truth and all the truth nothing else.
We lost when you got elected. It's all downhill from here. When are the Trump Brownshirts coming to town?
One of Trump's thank you tour speeches carries more weight, and has more substance then all Obama's speeches combined!
. Winning. Objective
you were right about the birth certificate https://youtu.be/7EAxesVQ8wo 
CNN wants to report about russia interfearing, What about Them!!!!?
President Trump tonight address at your Thank You rally how CNN gave Hillary the questions during your debate !!!!
Don't thank us, thank PUTIN, the ANTI-CHRIST.
My Ohio tech company specializes in data integration, intelligence & analytics. We're the best. We can help you
you are going to be the best President ever!  Can I have a ride on Trump 1?
AND 5.4 MILLION. MCGRUFF AND JAKE THE DOG,  SCAM SCAM SCAM.  WHERE ARE MY ACHILLIES HEELS!
we were winning until the election. now only the top 1% will win. you & your buddies are self-centeredwe see the conflicts
The Bible says when the righteous are in charge people rejoice, but when the wicked are in charge people morn. Godly man
Here's the kind of people you're thanking: 
https://youtu.be/ND1JigR8dwY 
GVP
why r u thanking people when u didn't win the popular vote in the first place!
Try putting a comma after "Thank you." Illiterate.
How I hate that I'm from Ohio. What a disaster we made of this election.
lies lies lies, cant thank all of America, most didnt vote for him, so Drumf will thank those he fooled the best.
together America we be great again
The history you made is the end of america #NotMyPresident
https://youtu.be/nNPNRmEHBb0 
You lied, your not for the people, all your cabinet is Millionaires, what about the real people????Oil in EPA????
,
Need help, With N.Y.C.H.A. I'm Disabled on S.S.I.Disability, I've made out several application,s in 15 yrs.
Brian Press
Winning what !? All presidents just keep bragging . America will always be America.

sure did President Trump It was a pleasure to help out door knocking in Council Bluffs Iowa for you turned my dem bff 2 u 2
Thanks for fucking up traffic.
yes thank you for F'ing it up.
Jesus told the rich man to sell his possessions and give the money to the poor but you enrich yourself
Dear World,

We're sorry we let you down. So very sorry.
Sad, even.

Love, 
OH IO! OHIO!
From your lips to God's ears, Mr. President-elect.
#Resist
American will start winning again? Old man wtf does that even mean?????!
Donald, you keep saying again as if you've lived greatness before in America.   Tell us when that was?
yeah if you quit whining about what others think about you! geez!
thank you Ohio?  Wasn't it you that was talking crap about them during the campaign?????
winning already
can you spell loser? Cause in the dictionary there's a picture of u next to the word! Hillary won by 2.5 million votes!
maybe you should take the security briefings and quit blowing up your ego
have you considered Rand Paul for Secretary of State he shares a lot of your views on foreign policy and Clinton
I'm a supporter but this EPA pick is just stupid
When considering the wall at the southern U.S. Border with Mexico: new idea!- build a canal where the US Navy can pass
i like to thank people by listening to them chant my name too…  Nuremberg much?
break the union and send all the jobs to Mexico....great plan ugh
Tammy Bruce noted, today, we are so happy for winning that we smile so much it hurts so much winning of late…keep WINNING!
Mr Trump replace twitter with carrier pidgeons for one week for best results.
Thanks to You Mr. President
unbelievable you hold rallies to hold rallies - is your ego so weak you need constant proof they love you?
sweet send that shit to Michigan. We need improvement. #justsaying
Mr Trump! Talk corporate partiotisn! Keep jobs in America !
mmm
choose Bolton!
, I'm so completely happy that you've won! I truly pray that God will guide and protect you in fulfilling all you aspire 
yay amen to that
ohio doesn't want you
You made history, this is first time the supporters voted for a filthy mouth bully. must be a lot of bullies out there.
#It already IS and you're not even elected by electors yet! Chris Suprun AustinTX refusing to vote! :-(
SNL is unbearably biased and so not funny and out of touch

why don't you use some of your time to squash some of this Neo-Nazi uprising....oops you could no longer speak as well.
good guy Trump at least believe that now!!!just keep mushroom clouds away!bad for my health
hahahaha half empty seats. Bunch of lies and fake!! https://civitasonline.net/2016/12/03/half-empty-arenas-victory-lap-rallies-may-be-work-of-clever-trump-critics/ …
when are you coming to AZ, can't wait 2 c ya!!

. What does that slogan mean?
Now? or Now? or Now? Exactly WHEN does your tweeting stop and the REAL WORK begin? Answer: After impeachment.#ImpeachTrump
start winning at making you richer! Yay us!!! #Orangeman
Knew you would win.
don't you mean you will begin lining your pockets again? Tell your "followers" the truth.
I told you Ohio loves you!
I love ro WIN too!....I won't get tired of winning, Pres. TRUMP.
oh it begins now?
blow me
#RESIST!!! A LONG FOUR! We watching #RESIST


yeah the bigest joke of a life time this running was a big joke still laughing
#buckeyesrule #buckeyeintennessee

We have always won,  wtf!
Nice job with photoshop! Saw the real pictures. Sad! #MinorityPresident #HillaryWon #TrumpConflicts #LOSER
Nice lighting, hides all the empty seats, but not your 31% approval rating.
Myself,husband and adult daughter live in SW Ohio we are proud to have voted you . A vote for you was a vote for MAGA
Show the real photos!
Absolutely loved the rally.  Keep talking to us because we no longer listen to anyone else.
by winning you mean reneging on all the bills you promised to pay like Edward Friel Jr, Juan Carlos Enriquez, Guy Dorcinvil
we can win with you at the helm.  You are a divider not a mender. You have no idea what you are doing.
keep it up Mr.President.. Great job!
not with you. Ur insider cabinet posts proves u lied to get elected. Fraud man
You realize America knows this isn't about thanking the ppl. It's about you needing your ego stroked. At taxpayer expense.
Winning what?  America, btw, never was a loser.  There were losers at the helm.  Americans in general are awesome people!
You lying hypocrite. It's GOP that refused to slow outsourcing. Obama tried. #NotMyPresident #MAGA
Mr. President Elect who I'm a huge fan of....blessed is USA... how can I personally email/msg you?
Great & real Americans there in Ohio!
The size of that audience is bigger than your winning margin in Michigan.
Congratulations Sir. God bless you wisdomly and have a good health. 
Lots of greetings and prayers.
Yes, thank you Ohio for helping Don to get it up today. Lord knows those hands are less than adequate to do it alone.
what l can say to congatulation  karibu Tanzania
So sad. U only pulled in a few thousand idiots.
Great speech...my sentiments for many years?
How do you define "winning"? I'm a single parent. I adopted two daughters with significant special needs.Higher taxes?

https://patricksiadodot.wordpress.com/2016/12/04/22/ 
Interview on fb with James alifantes about pizzagate please investigate
And will go far & high with a number 1  president who will make America GREAT again God bless  him & bless USA!
Porn is Protected under the the First Amendment and don't take it away from us.
lol. Lol. 
Its Cuz U Rock President Trump #DaytonOhioForTrump
I am 71 year old attorney, it has  been years since I have heard a "sincere " motivational speech. Good damn job last week
us bank arena was barely half full of people.
thank you for making me proud to be an American again! Ignore the ignorant 'reject Trump' morons!
Poorly attended. Half full maybe?
ohio will see the light- I have faith. they will see your a fraud and bully. #notmypresident

A THANK YOU TOUR BECAUSE EGOTISTICAL DONALD IS MISSING THE CHANTS AND CHEERS.
My nephew and I were there.  It's awesome you take time out of your busy schedule for a thank you tour.
Read a bit first...kk?   Tic Tac?  Muah!
U can go on ur I need my ego built up costing tax payers MILLIONS of dollars but dont 4get that 65 million people hate you!
liar. Hypocrite.  Tax breaks 4 them to do this makes u a prettyv poor negotiator.
I see nothing wrong with this.
could I please borrow some money?
not my President
history repeats itself: george w. In 2004 now YOU 2016. http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2016/10/2004-presidential-election-stolen-george-w-bush.html … #DumpTrump #dumpthetrump #dumptrump2016
don't listen to al gore on Climate change US Americans knows it is money laundering and scare tactics to take out jobs
America is great because of values, not because of "winning."
Winning? International relations are about cooperation for a better world,  not about competition.
congratulations
great work. Now US will not have any enemies, You are over qualified...
You didn't need Kasich.
I am from Ohio, illiterate, uneducated, imbreds, voted that is the only reason you won
You dont know what winning feels like dork!
please don't ever come here again, even the sound of your voice makes me throw up a little
yes like learning emotion IQ from http://www.thinkingwhiledrinking.org  (insight by http://commun.it )
Deborah Jean Marie Boyd, LinkedIN. You need a LinkedIn account if you do not already have one. Invite me to connect!
