It was awesome! Even CNN.. Clinton News Network ... couldn’t criticize it! Thanks for making Americans Feel Great Again!
Mr. President I've been wondering for several months whether you consider bird migration legal or illegal?
What the fresh hell is this horse shit?
#AmnestyDon #tcot #ccot #Trump2016 
Trump: 'There will be no amnesty' http://washex.am/2bHXT3b 
@Kaepernick7       Disrespectful & Classless #BoycottUnPatrioticCeleberties
1-15 last yr...bottom line...
How would Trump and Trudeau get along..?
they seem to be above the law
pull Hillary's wires/earpiece b4 this debate #ALWAYSCROOKEDHILLARY
hi! I just heard this about charter schools in Ohio. Who should we trust? http://34.gs/cathyjohnson  #Debate #ALWAYSCROOKEDHILLARY
will your polish brigade be there for that one?
Didn't see much of a crowd, Donald.
I heard your speech which you gave while in Mexico.  In my opinion, this speech was incredible, extraordinary, and moving
Dear Mr Donald can you please change Clear Creek School District Lunch & breakfast  menu  to all organic Food Because
so.... You going home?
you lied. you said you would explain your wife visa's problems, but nothing yet....Why?
keep looking they're come to take pictures of you. You know photo ops
it's time for Hillary to take a  lie detector test
#trump the crowd is coming to see the #clown perform
IN YOUR SPEECH YOU ALSO MENTION THAT YOU WILL NOT FACILITATE OPPORTUNIST,CROOKED,TRAITORS OF OTHER COUNTRIES.
Will it be...MAJOR?!
greatgreatgreat........keep it coming!!!
you know what illegal is for sure.  Show your taxes
I am a prior law enforcement professional and military veteran from Texas. I want to work for you Mr.  Trump
there really wasn't much interest in your 'speech' in AZ. Guess Duck Dynasty must have been on TV.
there really wasn't much interest in your 'speech' in AZ. Guess Duck Dynasty must have been on TV
Small, small crowd in AZ. Looks like @realDonaldTrump should have stuck 2 smaller venue
Sad
Loser
Saw it last night, it was fantastic!!
Every White and African 'American' came from an immigrant. Just you stay that side of Atlantic. UR not welcome in UK.
of course you will. You're butthurt from your failed visit #ignorantdonald
Your worst performance, sales pitch ever. Resignations lining up in your campaign now. Great job, Trumpy.
And it was a terrible disappointment with absolutely NO CLUE re: what you said. Changing with the wind, Trumpy.
U hate Muslims like me Sister. U hate Mexicans like me 2 Brother-In-Law's. U hate Jews like Me. @HillaryClinton will win!
MUSLIMS immigration (especially when LEGAL) is the real problem.  Come on.
Thank you!
wonderful speech Mr President. Really appreciate you and thank you for going through all the pain and money you spend
great speech tonight!!
how will you ensure the dems don't steal elections?
It's far from Major sounds like a grammar school speech Hope ur making lot of money on this campaign u thief 4 u lose elec
Thank u for puting on your big boot
Hillery is a fraude
Good job in Mexico, now hit it out of the park with this talk.
J Williams is an insult 2 everyones intelligence & Piss poor excuse 4 a human!
TRUMP CHOKED THEN LIED And this is why Trump is not qualified he lied again. http://m.therightscoop.com/i-told-trump-mexico-will-not-pay-for-the-wall-pena-nieto-says-donald-lied/ …
we do not want all illegals to stay, need to come thru the right way. SEND THEM HOME!!
love u Mr jay
Thowe em. Out thank u Mr jay
Always mention the fact that all you are asking is for foreigners and Mexicans to come LEGALLY to the USA.
Your meeting with President Peña Nieto was perfectly timed for your speech in Arizona tonight.  You looked Presidential!!
get in PN, FOCUS OHIO FLORIDA AND NC
. "We didn't discuss who pays for the wall."  This is one of the corner message of his campaign.  That is a shame.
go
You're losing your racist base.
Best wishes.
Good and maybe these people will shut up
Trump flip-flops on immigration! Trump's signature policy with which he beat Jeb & Ted over the head. Now he caves in!
go home and enjoy your model donald
you are a misit and I hat you so matsch
SOCK IT TO THEM
@KellyannePolls Why CAPS. Your advisers should tell you to become sophisticated. Such a shame you represent us.
Wishing you a lot of success today. Watch every word.
@KellyannePolls  To Mr.Trump & Mrs.Conway  IF DONALD TRUMP PULLS A JEB BUSH ON AMNESTYHE WILL LOSE THIS ELECTION 
@KellyannePolls Trump is a master of manipulating  media . Immigration Hot topic.All media outlets will cover Masterful.
fuck Donald Trump forget the wall if I get hate idc
He the lesser of 2 evils lolol
@keywestcliff2 question of the day how many favors does Hillary still a foreign diplomats
. America I have a bad feeling... I still haven't seen his taxes and I haven't seen his policies... still a buffoon
flip flop? Even dipshart Sara Palin called you out. Now that's embarrassing
Flip-Flop.
You mean major reversal of a reversal ? Isn't there a limit to your hypocrisy ?
great job last night mr trump
why do these losers care about your tax returns so much they won't even understand them ! #WheresHillary #HillarysHealth
yea but you got to make it easier for legal hard working honest human beings to get in legal.
I picked up Palmer in two leagues big ups to him
We don't care about your immigration speech.  Pendejo!!!
blow it out your a$$ no one cares what you have to say
Your Either Pro American or Pro Illegal Alien Parasite! You can't have it both ways. A man is only as good as his word!
@MIAMIforTRUMP nail it down and close the deal, Clinton failed USA,did favors in exchange for $$      $10,6 millions 2015?
@realDonaldTrump/Hillary 10.6 million net income  per 2015, taxes, cheating candidate w/ Obama's& Loretta's help
Issue Visas to non criminal illegals with staggered expiration dates so not to overwhelm system. This puts them in system.
yeah sure #AmnestyDon
San Diego is under attack by Home Invasion & Raps with frequent Murders! Our government is not defending the taxpayers!!??
U R GODS TRUMP, 2 HAV Peace&Control that surpasses ALL understanding, ask Jesus 2 fill U with an OVERFLOWING OF HIS SPIRIT
Don't get too close to the border! 
So Clinton offers an amnesty (encouragement) to illegal immigrant instead of respecting the law - a Presidential candidate!
Good luck with that.
.@realDonaldTrump So you gonna be talking about the Mayflower, Columbus, and Manifest Destiny?
THAT's TODAY.  Can't wait.  Last few speeches have been FANTASTIC.  KEEP IT UP.  Message is powerful.
U've grown, she has study ur debates,Goal=make u look like ur not n control,u don't  have TEMPERMENT to be Pres wear teflon
Prepare for debate
He did Fantastic on his immigration speech!!
@veganvecoh make America great mr president
#trumpufraud #maketrumpirrelevantagain #mylittlegoldenasshairponyhelmet
@KellyannePolls oh joy.
I wish you would come up to the Event Center in Prescott Valley AZ! We would love to see you there!
I I I I am I will Me me me... Yawn
NO ONE CARES!!!!!!
Trump says "I will deport MILLIONS, start wall, bans, religious test and terrorize Americans"
release your taxes, poor boy
Iraq stops would-be child bomber for ISIS @CNN
Wondering what the new immigration policy of the day will be: round-up and deport or be a softy? Or maybe another stance?

#Arizona
http://www.msn.com/en-sg/news/world/we-need-to-talk-about-the-child-rape-lawsuit-filed-against-donald-trump/ar-AAi4gRO … trump rapes 13 yr old witness substantiates
https://www.facebook.com/democrats/videos/10153954304406943/ … http://nypost.com/2016/08/01/melania-trumps-girl-on-girl-photos-from-racy-shoot-revealed/ … Trump's ideal sex slave
we are with you all the way.
& Hillary's hair-brained idea is Let All Terrorists In Now! People voting for her are thick headed.
please don't read from a teleprompter like a first grader! Just spew your hate and bigotry extemporaneously!
now loves #Immigrants & blames @SenTedCruz & @GOP controlled #Congress for no #Immigration Reform?
Want to see pathway to a passport, steep climb to residence, 10 yr wait 4citizenship, 18 yr wait 2vote.
keep illegals OUT and kick them OUT
#AmnestyDon
show us americans your tax returns. .crocked dump..
@KellyannePolls all about the crowd, rather than the message!  What an egomaniac
TRUMP PRODUCES PRODUCTS OVERSEAS LYING DONALD TRUMP HIRES ILLEGALS http://m.motherjones.com/politics/2016/08/donald-trump-model-management-illegal-immigration …
I will stake out one position then another until heads are spinning. including my own
He'll be saying TWO CONFLICTING PLANS and hoping you DONT NOTICE HE IS TANKING
@ArizonaThinker has full details for DT immgt'n policy fair, lawful Will travel & debate EngSpan Pass it on
@KellyannePolls We all kow you will lie, and how you just found out about  (ICE).....
HA, another "MAJOR" speech.  he is so full of himself.  Pathological ego.  will never get it satisfied
@KellyannePolls it's going to be bulljust like you
@KellyannePolls ,are you taking your interpreters,so they can explain what you really ment#wierd
I will be watching. Wish I could be there in person! We need you Donald!
@KellyannePolls
please dont let Hilary debate dirt tactics throw you off track, dont play. Screw up her game
what time on the east coast
@realDonaldTrump
My best to you on Wednesday.  Her Highness just panders to Hispanics and everyone else.
make sure you explain this http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/08/donald-trump-model-management-illegal-immigration …
@BarbMuenchen ON MESSAGE! 
God Almighty will deal with you come JUDGMENT DAY. God Almighty said, I WILL DESTROY ALL WHO TURNS AWAY A STRANGER.
Trump promised Melania to hold a press conference within a couple weeks to prove her legal status? 1 month still waiting
Quit drowning in crap the media beats you up with. "Strongest immigration president in history" is enough.

I know it'll be a great one! I stand behind you and so does almost everyone I know!
This is a Blue State go home! @HFA has won Arizona historical progress in AZ, thanks @HillaryClinton
@KellyannePolls One more nail in the Clinton campaign coffin.  We are with you!  #MAGA
Kellyanne Conway tries to explain your policy
you sir are a constant source of entertainment!
will I be able to purchase Make America GREAT Again hat at your Arizona stop?
.I know you are not deporting 11 million http://people.You  probably are not building that great wall. Liar.
delayed for 2 weeks. Still dont have a solid plan it seems.
looking forward to your speech. Have a good day Mr. Trump.
All of us R watching 2 ensure Kellyanne duznt convince U wrongly.  WE WOMEN WANT ALL DEPORTED AND FAMILIES.
Please be the first to self deport,unless you had an invitation from Native Americans to live in USA we are all illegal.
,Hillary changed TPP that wasn't blowed up, in past it was no deal 2 change campaign issues, bias tv,Obama does what he want
crash in LA is great example of immigration
immigration policy. NO American benefits unless you prove citizenship. This will stop illegal immigration .#Americanfirst
See Bill Clinton's speech on immigration. Should be a Trump ad on that. He said everyone you're saying.
To Mexicans working here: go back, come in legally. The fact you have worked faithfully here guarantees your speedy return.
they dont want the people TO HAVE A VOICE they want us all silent and working to just be broke this is not America. Trump16
STOP RUSSIAN IMMIGRATION they are sending the best of the worse, to infiltrate our government,
build that wall ..
will you be making the announcement in brown or black face or stick to your traditional orange? #trumptheliar
be sure and mention the tunnel they just located in Mexico. Confiscated Illegal drug money can help pay for the wall.
your delusional
U didn't  soften UR position,We know U were trying to b more humane,We know U'll put  America 1st,as President Can b humane
We WANT immigrants. But NOT ILLEGALS. They r not just hispanic. They sneak across mex border fm Middle East, Asia, Africa
have lots of friends who worked HARD for citizenship. To allow ILLEGALS is a slap in their faces of those who did it right
you were quoted by @NPR
heard your crowds are dwindling fast.. People waking up to unstable, crazy candidate Trump
