YOU WOULD SURELY BE OUTVOTED ALL OVER AMERICA, RUSSIA MAYBE.
It was meant for the parents not the kids of the slimy "settlers" for they are the sonsofbitches that will teach the kids hate and bullying will get them they want from Palestinians since they have no weapons. So stick that in yer cap.
Hey Joe!  You are of no relevance so go lay by yer dish.
your popular vote loss was one ass kicking I enjoyed!
Idaho loves you Mr. President
you are making USA worse
.@realDonaldTrump No, no one likes you.
and now Kasich wants Ohio to change the electoral vote to match the popular vote. What a joke he is.
what's really sad is u'v had a week to watch this buffoon in action & u still thnk he's capable of leadg the country.
@EverybodyNThDog  Help all of us win & get rid of Obama leftovers  & RINOs.
I Support President Trump ! #MAGA
AMEN, Mr. President!
all you stupid liberals think Hilary would be a great choice. Stupid people. You'd all be wearing a Burka by year
bad choices
awesome
u r not that smart. Steve Bannon came up with that plan.
I'm so glad you are My President
sure if you say so Donald...
the so called popular vote means you are not popular, the people dont like you

Ur kidding, right?
u did win the popular vote! the left is lying!
THANK YOU AMERICA. TOGETHER WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. INAUGURATION DAY 2OTH OF JANUARY 2O17.
It must not be treason for Obumer to give military secrets away by having our planes made in India. Worst president ever!!
While you work hard to bring jobs back to the US; Obumer works hard to give jobs away to other countries.
Talk is cheap.

there is something seriously wrong with you! doesnt your family or friends care enough about you to get you help?
Liar !!!
id be scared of someone shooting at me. if I was prez and being disliked that much
too scary for me to be prez lol
oh crap
Remember this lie?
Do you actually listen to yourself when you speak or do you find you drift in and out?
Liar. You won only because Russia intervened. Without Putin's help you would've LOST. You're not legit, will NEVER be.
Your pants are on fire! You LIE!
Mockery can get a,whole town agitated but the WISE(Hillary) will calm anger.
Liar.  #Resist
you wouldn't have won if everyones votes would have count. Here is this stupid, Hilary beat you by 2 million .
Rudy for Secretary of State...please
so called popular vote. her Hilary truly one and electoral vote was wrong 4 USA Dec.19 is near.if not then I bet impeached!
Exactly, the Fnd’g Fathers were wise so equal representation be viable and not just majority rules which verges on tyranny.
2.5 million more
You are so right
$50 million ad buy
Sit on your butt in trump tower
Popular landslide
Bad for America
Good for New York
Coulda woulda shoulda.
bs
Unfortunately the salt air breathers run the country most of the time. TIC Salt air causes mad cow like thinking!
you have my support as did Obama 2 times  although I did not vote for him in either election.
@realDonaldTrump
Trump is President...HAHAAAAHAAHAAAAAA
keep telling yourself that. Hillary wasnt campaigning for the popular vote either and she still got it
You couldn't win the popular vote, because you are not as popular as Hillary....you lost bigly.
You did not win the popular vote.the majority of Americans were with her!
how's it "so called?" You clearly dont know how our government functions!
Really!!  What an ego! Urban and coast voters would have buried you.
It's not a "so called" popular vote. You lost it! More people voted for @HillaryClinton than you!  Period! #loser
Cargill is movin from ILL & MN to CostaRica & India. Feed the world&have no job #MAGA #SaveOurJobs
Then why didn't you? Cause you are a liar who has convinced himself
"so-called popular vote" what does that even mean, dude..
Hodor
would have been much easier if you just jizzed on ivankas face
how the hell are we going to get thru 4 years of your shit? You didn't do this for us - u only did this for yourself
so you're saying you only wanted to win a popularity contest? Can u be more of a fucking joke!?
Why are you not focused on your job? Your work ethic is terrible.
you're losing in the popular vote by nearly 3.5 million votes
STOP TWEETING! We don't want to hear from you on a TWEET!
wrong
@sportratz Igrore whining democrats. We all knew the rules.  Dems always try to change the rules after the event to suit.
@rickbkylex 
1300 people fired at Carrier plant in Indiana today. KellySpam Con Away."Not my kind of people."
@KCCINews
Face it, Trumpleforeskin, you are not popular.
but you didn't and she beat you by over 2MM votes. #nomandate
you have to actually be popular to win the popular vote. Thank God there aren't enough white supremacists out there.
You cannot even win the election without letting your ego get in the way. You won! Just take it! SHAME
Please! You were afraid to come to states like CA, WA OR etc. We see through your lies.
Agree totally!
except you're not winning the popular vote at all. people don't like you,believe you. Ur the worst  so far. #notmyprsident
United for ending corruption and taking back the country!
Thank God you hardly came to Cali, We don't like you here... We like to stomp Piñatas so come back 4 our posadas 

good luck buddy most of the country thinks ud make a dumb ms nothing
-- why do you call it " so called popular vote"  what term should be used?  "The person who received the most votes" ?
OMG!  So delusional!
Election rigged IF Bernie Sanders had free publicity for 2 yrs every hour of every day his message would have been heard!
your game plan was so excellent. Seeing your Thank you speech tonight in Ohio reminded me of your love and friendship to us
You'd have to win in New York. People in New York know you, and therefore do not like you.
Do you ever tell the truth? Nope!
Enough about the damm recount! He won and we Americans need to support him!
You really are DELUSIONAL!
LMFAOROTF
Are you truly impervious to logical thought? You are a loser. Couldn't even win the popular vote. Tiny hands Donald.
You lost POP VOTE. MANY PEOPLE DID NOT VOTE FOR YOU. '80 & '84 were ELECTORAL COLLEGE Landslides. The real Ronald Reagan.
I don't think you will get reelected trust me
You would be saying the opposite if you lost knuckle dragger.
except you didn't win it
These people are really mean and childish.  It really IS humorous!  God bless and keep you and your family sheltered.
YOU are a WINNERt o the American People.  You didn't need the money or power.  We NEEDED you!
THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE NEEDS TO BE DISMANTLED AND IT WILL BE WHEN I HIT 35!
It seemed like you knew too much about the fraud that was happening in MI. #Recount2016
You should see the dudes facebook page, filled with photos of him and trump and mellie
Not because of you, but because Mrs. Clinton was going for a "raise" of sorts within her business.
With all respect, I've been debating this...
If it was easy to win the popular vote then why didn't you? Not as many people wanted you.
pay the haters no mind they are probably tweeting from their safe pla ce
You are delusional
of course donnie, you are soooo popular, NOT
WHY AREN'T YOU SHOWING YOUR TAXES? IF YOU HAVE TIME TO TWEET YOU HAVE TIME TO SHOW YOUR TAXES!!!!!!!!!
at least we are aware that you're delusional...your grandiosity gives it away...please be evaluated...#EPCtrump
You didn't win the popular vote Most people can't stand the sight or sound of you 
wrong.
If it would be easier, why didn't you win the popular vote, Hillary has over 2 million more votes than you
B.s.
WHO CARES? You won. Get over it.  Move on
So u would have won the pop vote if you had tried? Ok, prove it in 2020 lead us in the abolishment of the EC b4 then
you got it  All, my  on days that I could meet you in person in NY & shake ur hand at Trump Towers 
you won Regardless!!!
Sarah Palin No! She has no history. Tulsi Gabbard yes, military and congressional experience great for VA and Vets
WHA?But then wd have less votes in states pulled out of! Do you know basic algebra? Guess not. Cd have if gone 2 Wharton
prove what you  claim. #snakeoilsalesman
sooooo many haters.  It's hilarious how the whiners come out of the woodwork when shit doesn't go their way.
Mr. Trump~time to wake up and lead.
We love you and We pray that you will humble yourself and ask God for wisdom everyday. James 4:10
you should not be President...you molested a child.
all losers say the same thing
you won!!! Point blank period that's all that counts! Forget about popular that all bull you are already popular
That's exactly why we have the electoral college. If not we would just have California and New York decide the presidency.
BUT YOU DID NOT! Got it? The majority of Americans chose HILLARY instead of you, 2.3M+ Americans than your voters!Got it?
Explain how that happened.
#liar #apologize #firetrump
. Please. Please. Please, correct your sentences!  You are going to be the U.S. President, for heaven sakes.
lie
don't lie to yourself. We see the statistics.
PRESIDENT INEPT LYING DONALD TRUMP - taking away constitutional rights & enriching the "swamp" (great cabinet pics) #maga
Crab!
@MuRk_MoNsT3R Today call your Senators and demand opposition to Jeff Sessions as AG. Voting rights now!#AllHandsOnDeck
They lost so bad that they still can't get over it, that shows how uninformed they were ,and how most people woken up.
nobody cares. You won, it's over. Just don't take us into WW3.
I Dont think so
What an EGO YOU HAVE TRUMP
It has already been shown that Hilary won the popular vote by a land slide
Unsportsmanlike conduct. 15 yard penalty and repeat 3rd down.
I had that same vibe donald that I had when reagan ran in 80,i just knew it was a landslide & it was. I know u will b Great
@petefrt theres no way she won the popular with LIVE americans.1 channel had you winning all day,the other lib station,her
You are clearly embarrassed that you didn't win the popular vote. You are still POTUS. Act like it!
But be realistic in your dreams in also won the popular vote
For Sure LOL  HEHEHE  HAHAHA  SNORT GIGGLE
No... No. In case you missed it... No
are their unicorns in this dream of yours...?
you could never win in the states that don't believe your BS!
Could Have-Would Have - Should Have
hahahahahahahahahahaha
except not. Remember, more people hate you than love you
come to Rhode Island we love you here!!!
Not kdg re my bro in the failing econ.of fl. Built his own bus. w/O inheritance. Cont.strug. 2do rt. 4 his clients aid?50g
u lost the popular vote; election rigged, as u said.
you are making things up again.
You're unhinged. @ElectoralCollge DO YOUR JOB! This person is UNFIT for office. Don't DISAPPOINT AMERICA!
BUT YOU DIDNT WIN THE POPULAR VOTE!! #STOPLYING
how many tweets you send  per day
