Not quite right, Donald.  You failed to nail Hillary on her emails, pay for play, indifference on Bengazi etc
WOW SHOW THE DAMN TAX RETURNS ALL TALK NO SHOW TRUMP
you kinda have to deal son. #Deplorables #YouLost #DipShit
answers, but struggled on both counts.
that's what happens when you come to a party unprepared
Exactly. But now he is blaming it on the mic. what a joke!
narcissist never wrong and always center of attention and rude!?!?!!!
Can we get an update on your performance in the polls?
Well, I look forward to Hillary giving her acceptance speech!
many don't like CNN, don't feel bad. They are typical and do not treat everyone equal. At least, that's the impression i c
Lie ,How did you know
nope
literally nobody cares that you don't watch CNN
More than CNN.
wow did you hear she plans to fight Cyberspace war? She's going to get her rag and wipe their servers clean!
and could be trusted with the presidency. He failed the test on every level.
Donald Trump managed to reinforce his racism when asked the birther question by defending stop and frisk.
Lol...Delusional Donny...lying again.
I sure hope so am 60 years old and terrified if another Democrat administration

Haven't you lied enough for one night? #SniffingDonald
Donald Trump locked up the Columbia cocaine drug cartel vote at debate 

#SniffingDonald #debatenight
YOU DID GREAT FOR A NON-POLITICIAN! HILLARY HAD HER REHEARSED BS ANSWERS &THAT SMUG "I CAN GET AWAY WITH ANYTHING" LOOK.
you ate #DelusionalDon. Please read this aloud #IamSofaKingWeToddDid
You WILL do better because truth is on your http://side.Watch  your performance and learn
ok donnie you keep beliving that
boss, ya choked, sad!
And yet you referred to @CNN during the debate because you thought it would help. Weird...
Stuff it Pepe
You live in your own reality.
Lester Holt just showed America the bias we have against the right person for the job of POTUS, Hillary is the devil
you did great and only liberals watch @CNN! Nobody cares what they say or #MSM. The American people will show them!
Just prepare yourself for the next moderator onslaught known as Raddatz/Cooper. That will be a Hillary fest too.
just keep telling yourself that
WLDNT B COCKY-U MISSD MANY CHANCES 2BURY HER! U WERE JACKD UP WAY 2MUCH-SLOWDWN-BMEASURED-GO ON O! SHE HAD U ON D ALL NITE!
Trump Can Delete You Get Off So See No More Tweets of Yours Oh That Right Other Tweet 4 u Give People a Break As Them.
Care to share the links to the other debate polls? #ImWithHer #debate2016
Oh please Donnie, you sucked
terrible performance... And you are nothing more than oerformance
America is the most indebted nation in the world. It is only Trump who can help. Business mind
indeed mi president
I watched the debate, but wasn't able to vote in the @CNN poll
you did great! Keep up the fight for us!! Thank you!!
You non-tax-paying patriot, you! #MakeAmericaPoorAgain
@ausuar @realDonaldTrump Smart business man! We all look for ways to lower what we owe on taxes!!
we do. I know I do. But zero? As a patriot I think 0 days something about self intrest
I don't think it was zero. Think that was just a figure of speech to say he pay his share..
she said two years of his taxes had zero . He did not dispute it.
I knew he had low taxes. That came out about a month ago, but it wasn't zero.
@Smile_Lee @CNN Many don't watch what is often referred to as Clinton/Communist News Network
what polls are you watching?#whinylittlebitch
Did great? What rock do you live under?
great job tonight, made me proud #maga
#BadWeaveDay Donnie.   The girl whooped up on you.  Sad! #voteblue
You did do a good job Sir ! Thank You for speaking up for #WeThePeople! 
@CNN
bar was set so low and you still failed miserably
actually he did quite well. Showed the on the fence repubs he can hold back. Saved the hammer for later
As with much of your life, you lost tonight. #bankruptcy
2016 (tonight)
Clinton 62%
Trump 27%
if you don't watch then how do you know the results of their polls ? @CNN
just in case you missed the numbers...
You choked! Stamina? You got flustered. You can't handle Clinton. Your gonna lose to a girl, haha!
admission of guilt" and that the case was "brought against many real estate developers."
Crushed it even if you did leave some sledgehammers on the table for next time.
who paid this ppl & what debate where you watching?
Get to bed, school 9am.
I'm sure my 7 yr old grandson is fast asleep
Trump skipped a post-debate victory party he was supposed to attend and went straight home.
hillary ended you
Hillary is resting now @Republiicunts
Funny how it was TRUMP who was doing all the sniffing and drinking like he's got double pneumonia (or cocaine)
The @realDonaldTrump has tweeted several times about the @CNN debate poll, which he says he doesn't watch... why so many tweets about it?
@xenoverve_brown @CNN
That's funny, if you didn't watch CNN, then how do you know that you lost!
I DON'T EITHER.
DONT WATCH ANYTHING THAT MIGHT CRITICIZE. WOULD YOU NOT MEET WITH WORLD LEADERS WHO DONT LIKE YOU?  Tax returns. Waiting.
el Diablo
NO ONE WATCHES CORRUPT AND BIASED CNN
Yah, you only obsess about every word @CNN reports on you then you go insainly mad abt it.  Get real dingus.
Sorry Donald ,Pence was no Good defending you
left out Anderson, Cummoboy, that idiot chick that thinks Michele was elected
OBVIOUSLY you don't watch it.  You should.
why is your family so disappointed in you tonight? Is it because you lost BIGLY?
Agreed. Next time he unloads. First debate. Lay down facts of corruption, wealth by abuse of powers (CF), immunity, emails..
you did fantastic debating the holt Lyin hag tag team!!!
#freedom of the Press are you going to take that away as president?.u can't be president sorry
It was like watching Mickey Mouse debating Wonder Woman. I'm switching to Hillary, you're an idiot.
every1 at Fox also said u lost except 4 one guy who said it was a draw but u could tell he didn't even believe that
nope you are lying again
in your dreams trump in your dreams
CNN has become a left-wing propaganda machine which no longer provides a news service.
Lester Holt let Hillary off the hook, what an obvious display of bias against you and for Hillary
you passed on several opportunities to let everyone know what she really is.
@Bobbyh214 @CNN Such a supporter now.
@ElizbethLManess @CNN Thought you showed REAL class respecting Opponent's family in the face of condescending arrogance.
@TrumpWhiteHouse @CNN was that vodka or water you were drinking ?
so full of it.
Wasted to much ammo,man! I'm not even talking about the nasty stuff. Nothing about immigration,Bengazi,Syrian refugees
There's that alternate reality again ...
You did great in the polls because you did great. You sounded AUTHENTIC. Unlike what's her name @realDonaldTrump @svagdis @CNN
You filter what you want to hear&make your own "facts" up. You can't even tell what's real. How are you going to lead?
@JordyAri @CNN Next time plse deflect everything HRC says about you. She's guilty of everything! HER word means nothing!
Everyone thinks you sucked except you.  Quit sniffing glue #sniff #trumpsniff
It's really not about what YOU watch Donald. (And, it's not about how many ppl you paid to vote in those polls)
cnn rigs their polls like the government rigs the election for globalist like clinton
Dats hilarious
, Trump you fool, you lost
every news outlet said you did crappy. Lied. Lied. Lied. Choked. Grimaced. Snorted. Ugh
for CNN to have Hillarys shills on but NOT have the Benghazi mom/survivors is pure bias, they & Lester are in the tank
congratulations on looking human tonight! Now act it!
I can't remember a single issue Hillary hit on. She is not memorable. Trump hit issues hard.
The #facts prove that to be another #TrympLie
They're not a serious fair and balanced network Clinton News Network says it all. Don't go easy on her next go around!
does anybody?
you never gave a direct answer to any God damn question that was asked. Get real you lost
DON'T U MEAN CLINTON NEWS NETWORK!!!!!! THEY SUCK AT REAL NEWS COVERAGE.
you displayed exactly why you are the favorite of the poorly educated
@HillaryClinton Hillary kicked ass... He looked like a joker.
because if Donald trump ignores it a thing fails to exist.
Clinton News Network is dishonest!
: uh huh
they spelled the 30 year vets name wrong. Like no red carpet for Obama
Please prepared & study for the next two debates because as POTUS first debate against Rodmey You suck.
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN that's funny you referenced them quite a bit last night against Secretary Clinton
you say you don't watch CNN but you quoted Wolf Blitzer saying you watched him
BOYCOTT CNN, unprofessional
Clinton news  network didn't like what happen last night
The debate polls won't be out for a. Pulls of days dolt.
@FoxNews @foxandfriends @seanhannity @BillOReilyTV @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @MELANIATRUMP
Not just @cnn
The CREDIBLE ones

Communist News Network
Donald Trump you are living in your own fantasy, you proved nothing to me except your a lisr
As always you come up with more of your BS. You lost PERIOD!!
missed opportunity to talk Benghazi and Clinton Foundation slush fund.
CNN is the Clinton News Network
cancelled my CommieNewsNetwork long time ago
because you told people stuff about Hillary they didn't know before due to media bias. You opened millions of eyes
they only one watching Clinton news network is the Clinton's if she is so experienced why was she practicing for days
Don. You were so unprepared tonight. What HAPPENED? I told you to study your Little Golden Book Encyclopedias!
OMG you sucked
We always knew you wouldn't win a Clinton News Network poll from @CNN because they aren't fair. You did great! #MAGA
may should start watching
Hard to hear truth when you're a liar.
Mr. Trump why did you not bring up Russian invasion, Chinese expansion, n korea, Iran? The leagacy of Mrs clinton
Wonder if HC's new book this AM will credit "Supergirl Season1, ep 2" family motto for the book title/campaign slogan?
dude. Why did you fall for the bate? So clear when she started character attacking you. Smh 
that's because poll didn't exist. We tried and tried and couldn't find it to vote in.No one could. Also this #rigged
you, like your supporters, really live in your own twisted reality don't you? You got smoked EVERYWHERE
Our church and family praying for you.  
You did badly and if your team can't tell you then they are nothing but puppets
Who said Trump News and of course you and your lackeys? You got your clock cleaned by a lying physically sick woman HA
Wrong!
i dont watch the clinton news network either. Tou did great tonight. Trump/Pence2016
flaccid
WHERE ARE THE POLLS THAT SAID TRUMP DID GREAT??? WOW! WHAT A RICH FANTASY LIFE THIS MAN HAS!
I looked all over the net for the past hour and CNN is the only poll declaring her the victor. All others say Trump.
you will win trump2016
We don't permit permit CNN to be turned on in our home. We refuse to add to their ratings.
you do too watch. Liar.
I'm confused, u stated seen @PattiSolisDoyle on @CNN confirming #birther issue, but how's is that when you don't watch @cnn
you were a YUGE. LOOSER tonight lost it BIGLY your policies are crap but Taxes & birtherism destroy you #NeverTrump
clearly a liberal setup to assassinate your character moderator was not fair! Do even better next time,stick to issues
TRUMP won the debate. Even though they want to make him fell with the birth issue. At this point who cares.Trump/Pence
yeah the one that counts you discredit
I don't watch CNN, but I use them to deflect my birtherism ties. Sad.
Hillary criminal shouldn't be allowed 2 run 4 Office.  Instead of justifying nonissues like birther/taxes, attack her
Enjoyed debate. Don't care: taxes & birther. Sen.Clinton avoided maj issues by trying 2 keep Mr. Trump on defensive.
@maddow @CNN Donald SERIOUSLY?  You got spanked...
Sorry, but I don't think so.  So disappointed, really hoping you would stay cool, calm and collected. U let her bait u
please listen to Laura Ingram she made a lot of good points and she has faith that you can do this #crushhillary
you should have been little more aggressive raise her speech fees issue her corrupt practice issue etc
I would suggest you take the advice to many people are throwing out. Sadly, you didn't take an offensive position. Y U lost
who does, its the clinton news network, paid for, bought and sick
come on she was like what I know it all
you don't watch then because they'll call you out on your lies. #debates #debate2016 #Deplorables
liar liar pants on fire. You brush your false teeth watching CNN
Popular Christian author  baffled by evangelical support for Trump http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/philip-yancey-donald-trump_us_57e95557e4b08d73b8328566?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … … via @HuffPostRelig
Thank you, Hillary it takes a women to clean up a mans mess he is insane
JUST goes to show you how uninformed Orangettes are.  Sad.
good job man but you just showed that you are a business man not a politician.
obviously you do.  You knew what it said! LOL
who participated in your polls Redneck Racists of America, KKK network?
Thank you. Your performance hastened your demise. Get back in the spin room you rube!
Well it is Clinton News Network.  Doubt anyone looking at your page can stand to watch CNN
CNN are criminal liars. Lie big about everything. Bomb free nations and kill civilians say it's democracy or Russia.
but you love their polls when they show you winning. #BigLeague #Loser #BelieveME
No one watches CNN, so it's okay
Neither do most Americans lol #FakeNews #megaphoneforleft
nobody In their  right mind  watches CNN! TRUMP ALL THE WAY TO THE WHITE HOUSE!  NO THANKS TO lester!!!!
You should have pointed out(take the 5th)Pagliano had no security clearance and she gave him access to top secret info
I'm sure @BreitbartNews gave u the best rating ever, maybe even in the history of the internet. Hugelly Biggly!
WHOSE MANS IS THIS
if "did great" = "shit the bed" then yeah, I guess #NeverTrump
