.@realDonaldTrump Commas and periods are not interchangeable. Please stop abusing punctuation: it's embarrassing and unnecessary.
.@realDonaldTrump The subject of your second pseudo-clause is both unclear and confusing. Please revise this "sentence." It's just awful.
.@realDonaldTrump Note that the subjective complement--which follows all forms of the verb to be and appear, become, feel, grow...(1/2)
.@realDonaldTrump...look, seem, smell, taste--is always nominative case. "Me" is the first-person pronoun of the objective case. Revise. 2/2
@DebAlwaystrump MR T, U DON'T HAVE 2 LOOK BACK ANYMORE. U BEAT THE BEST OF THE BEST, 2 WIN OVER ALL OF THEM. SLAM DUNKED IT
and now we hear you had a question leaked to you.  #notmypresident  Not Now Not Ever
the difference between HRC & djt is hers is always about the email his is something different every week footnmouth disease
When is this lurch ever going away ? 
Like away ..AWAY ??
#ImNotWithHer
SO SAD DONALD THE PIG GOT ELECTION FROM RUSSIA.  SAD. SO VERY SAD!
how pissed would you be if one of your kids came out of the closet?
now go out there and prove all of these people (less than half) WRONG!!
lmao...like Megyn Kelly gave debate questions to you?? & you lost the popular vote by the way. Youre NOTa legitimate prez
Time to take action!  Lock her up - NOW
@HeelLeClech @solange7545 @zhu_amy3 @Janicedeshield1 @53kalevasJanice @moparmyersSo EnjoyReading @realDonaldTrump Old Tweets ALLsoCLASSIC!
Test
but would you have read them?
maybe you can afford high priced organic food most people can't! You need to do a major study on this before
Just seen where you support Monsanto deal breaker they are poisoning us with there food additives
hay Donnie you won so now let's see your taxes you nazi  racist  piece of shit you are not my president
#grow up
Donna Brazil let is the one she threw water at. What a class act Hitlary was.....
oh don't worry, it will be very soon!
You're going to be a great President! Unfortunately many can't see the forest through the trees!
Trump is an idiot that would never make it to the white house. THANKFULLY!
....#thankfully

Megyn Kelly reveals Trump received leaked information about debate questions http://cnnmon.ie/2fBShWp 
CRIES debate questions allegedly leaked to Hillary
did not call Hillary about leaks he received
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
CHEATERS NEVER WIN
you beat a cheater
We are TRiUMPhant this November 9th!  God bless us and President Trump!
Weldon & congratulations for becoming the 45 President of USA  I wish & part you will be best president of USA
welcome to the white House me president
when you lose tonight, come out and call out all the racists. Tell them the joke is on them.
quit throwing yourself a pity party
not to mention that Nevada early voters complained their votes were "changing" before they hit submit!
fuck you asshole,stupid motherfucker...
Everything she has done would have been front page news for you or any candidate that isn't a democrat!
Godbless you u have to win 󾓦
that's why we call her crooked, god forbid if she wins, she will never win our trust and respect!
on my way to vote TRUMP
dirt will be raining down for quite some time.
because she sucks. Did I mention she sucks??
we love you Trump you're the one winner of all time
@
realDonaldTrump
do you even know how the house and senate work? Have you read the constitution? I think no!!!
awww you poor baby....
don't you know by now the Clintons have their own set of rules
unlike you and your tax returns
Jealous?
so terrible that you haven't paid your taxes.
If it were me, I'd edit my tweets. Unlike you to miss an opportunity to use #CrookedHillary?
just speculation Donald prove it.

we will get it right
get over it and move on!
It’s a shame you don’t know how to talk on your own. Poor baby needs a teleprompter.
STOP just admit it that you are not the right man/person for this post. Not today not ever!!!!!!!!
tru-deau
she is not crooked, you are. proven in psychiatry;  you call others what you are and you are crooked. and a dumb donald
Meaning, you would have reported it? Like you reported your taxes?
Since you didn't prepare for the debates, how would that have helped you?
why do you make fun of people with disabilities?
all the name calling is so juvenile. I can't wait until you love in a couple of days!
@CNNPolitics @HouseGOP @SenateGOP 
No one is worried about you getting the questions.
we still support you.
right they don't report anything they haven't even talked about her relationship with black lives matter leader. What's up
The only thing worse than your whining is your lying!
She and everyone voting HRC are criminals. We will be a nation if Criminals if she is seated.
better than being a nation of mindless followers of conspiracy theory
poor you
there's more fingerprint's on hilary' arse. than in scotland yard.
You haven't ansvered a question the last two months, why do you care #crazytrump
Dear mr Trump,i realy Hope U winn! 
Greetings Ole Otte Ernst 
Danich painter
cause no one likes you, jus people that like it big up the.........
No doubt.-I admire you Donald, you are a patriot and within a decade will be remembered as the most popular president ever
You didn't even bother to prepare.#laughingstock
no one cares Trump
Your wife, as an immigrant working illegally, took someone else's job.  Will you deport her?
@Jerismi030303 media bias is alive and well!  We know it so we just have to fight harder!
You should have been given the questions prior to debate, then maybe you would have had better lies as answers
You're the true crook...Trump U, cheating on taxes. You're a disaster! Make America Hate Again

i love you man!
Why no action taken?!Why crime/violation went loose?!FBI credibility & trust gone unless they act immediately this weekend
form Canada to u... Go Grab a pussy u orange muppet
Mr. Trump, it's what we've come to expect from the democrats.
can you repel common core
Coulda used the head's up to prepare better
. You are absolutely correct.
Be humble and serve the Lord your God Jesus Christ.
When are you going to show your tax returns??
absolutely right
I have 3 people in my house that would vote for you but i never registered to vote and they said its to late i hope you win @realDonaldTrump
you still would've blown the debate.
Really do you need them?
you should have gotten them maybe you wouldn't have tanked! I forgot! You can't stay on message!
where's your tax returns?
and then you would have lied and said you didn't
is that your excuse for being ignorant, Donny? @FerrerAgnes @AdamsFlaFan @Birdseye1 @FerrerAgnes @ViewFromWise
why isn't she disqualified from the race!!
The fact that Hillary needed that information beforehand, proves she is not qualified for the job.
LIKE YOUR UKRAINE SCREW UP?
you got them from the FBI but even that doesn't help when you're an I'll tempered embacil.
Crooked should be kicked in the ass with a pointed toe cowboy boot
i agree with you she gets a lot of passes and favoritism hill-a-lyer needs 5 years for every lye plus another 5
@HillaryClinton @politico @thehill @FoxNews @AP @AJDelgado13 @dcexaminer @GOP @Reince @MiamiHerald
Ya me tienes harta
It would have been news, because you would have had good answers. You didn't prepare for any debates. Heaven help us.
ooked Hilary, what about you Dowb? are you abuser donnald?

stop lying
You are the man sir! You are so right, and I respect you in so many ways!
Orangeman shut up
and then replaced by the time it prints because you said something racist.
Yes Sir!
Immature people like trump shouldn't be president I don't see Hillary calling trump crooked it's clear people he is sexiest and racist
#riggedelection
You're a twat
proceed to have intercourse with your own person.
......Goddamn you whine a lot!! Like...that's all you do. I've heard/seen 10yr kids handle things better than you do!
I'm so terrified of you.
Since our President won't take the time to recognize our fallen officers, please offer up prayers for our law enforcement
most people knows all possible questions that may come out...except you. "Puppet by Putin" got under your skin & made u mad
Donna is a good person; stop bashing her.
FOAD!
Like I believe that ?  Really ?
- idk u got all that help from the Russians! #newsweek , #TreasonousTrump
OMG..the world is coming to an end!!
So tired of your lies!
Elect Trump and Watch USA close down the Hague to avoid a war criminal charge. Check out USA war crimes under @BarackObama
z x vxcccc.
How can a "Racist Racist Bastard" Be "A VICTIM?" He is The SYSTEM in America NOW
if that were you you would be forced out of race
If it were you, you still wouldn't have been able to string words together into a coherent sentence.
vote for Trump
come on man! You DID NOT prepare! Stop whining! #comeonman !
STOP!!!!!!!! THE NEGATIVE CAMPAIGN ADDS......WE GET IT.......
as if you would have reported it. You won't even show your tax returns.  Pot meet kettle.
they tear you apart constantly!  They have nothing to say when they aren't talking about to.  Trump for president!!!
It's amazing that she hasn't been disqualified for cheating. Crooked Hillary!
Hillary Clinton is so much smarter than you can't wait for her to shut you down disgusting non-American not indigenous
You're the luckiest person to ever run. Your University fraud should be front-page news, or your upcoming rape trial.
R-i-ght... because you're SO honest!
#NeverTrump
stop lying, you terd.  They were not debate questions get your facts straight, liar.
Clinton was impeached by the House on two charges. The first being perjury, and the second being obstruction of justice.
Obama says to Black Voters if you don't vote he will take personal on TV!!  So very racist!!America is worst now than ever!
Jeremiah Write is the most racist man out here!!  Obama set under teachings for 20 years!!  The one screams is one that is!
Somebody please run a camera up everyone of those Today reporters personal life and report their past!!!  Everyone has one!
Release your taxes
Not NEARLY as bad as COMEY & FBI violating Hatch Act to help you! FBI Corruption @LorettaLynch needs to investigate
trump you couldnt tell the truth. If the truth was written down on paper for you.
@shuyalee Sickening. #lockerherup
GOP...
"grab our pussy"
stop using such language as crook ! What we need in America is God fearing president!
If it was you, you might have scored in the debates with HRC.
your continuous whining...you're losing!
you're a puppet
do you ever stop complaining? You're like a petulant child. Grow up. God help us all if you're elected.
Disgusting biased media. Drain the lot of them.
so true!
what's with the huge font?
