Yea, she flipped and isn't going now. Pulled out. Prob what her dad should have done.
Show your taxes, con man! #nevertrump
I am not sure if your point here!?
you're the last person on Earth to call anyone dumb!
hello kettle this is pot...

Dumb Donald.  Was 2 b Sun at invitation. Mayor said pls wait.  BTW, how did photo shoot at the mosque go?LOL
as you did in LA?? Release taxes instead of juvenile tweeting. Ditch FOX, grow up & be challenged on other networks #action
Let them figure it out! We will witness how poorly her desperate "leadership" play will pan out.
#panderingHillary she don't give a  all she wants is vote.  Then off to the back burner!!! #Trump2016 #UNITE2016
Not only does Hillary support international Terrorism (Saudi Arabia).

She now supports domestic Terrorism.
wont go LV flooding or accept Mexico Pres invite and yet to pander take a situation that is settling & go fan up again wow!
She needs to go to the doctor.  It's time to step aside politics.  Vote Trump on Nov. 8th
Where are your tax returns crooked Trump?
You're a disgusting pig. I love RWNJ's responding to my being pro Hillary. I weed out & block wackos like you voting for Trump
You believe TRUMP?? Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha  Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha bye
- Crooked won't meet w/Angel Moms, Dads, or LA flood victims but never misses a chance to pander to the worst of the DEMS.
There would be a good way for you to wipe that visit off the news cycle: just release your tax returns, like everyone else.
and Hillary should release her Wall Street speeches
Are you this ridiculous? You planned for Tuesday. Lol. Why do you always project your bad judgement on others? @Lawrence
Also she was asked to come by religious leaders. Also it was Sunday NOT Saturday. You are lying on many things here.
They really need to take your Twitter account away.
Donald as a big supporter of yours I cannot stand to watch you throw your campaign away. STAY OFF TWITTER.
oh snap! they called her a "dumb"? cold.
You've gotten away with the lies because no one was really paying attention. Come Monday everyone will be watching.
Trump is a big liar. He is hiding all his illegal activities... Show ur Taxes if u need votes.
NOPE HES NOT,
To irritate you :)
Good idea...Trump will not get all the votes he is expecting in that scenario.
"dumb" "crooked" why do u always play the victim?
can u stay with issues instead of trash talk. It's getting boring. You never know which way ur going anyway
Shut up your more crooked
@TheNamesCarterB well as you say "crooked Hillary" your not making your campaign any better.
#MeanMatt #HurricaneMatthew has other plans in #NC for @HillaryClinton 
#Cat4 #StinkEyedHurricane @foxnation @SpecialReport
you are so sexist & Racist and immature. You will fall apart & have a temper tantrum & prob try to sue the gov if she wins
SHOW YOUR COMPLETE TAX RETURNS. AUDIT MY ASS
how do u explain 3500 lawsuits in 30 years.   Cause ur honest?????
Congratulations!

the Whole world will be surprised because Donald J Trump is going to emerge as the 45th president of the United state.
pls talk about Obamacare! We are going to pay and all of this does not look legal! Help!!
deal with the issues and ignore the garbage.your here to save this country not all this silly crap. Talk issues
You've got 70 years of bad judgement. You win
Totally like when you went to Louisiana, innit?
MEN OF HONOUR
MEN OF VISION
MEN OF LEADERSHIP
BUILD THAT WALL
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
AMERICAN VALUES
THANK YOU GOD! 
 
didn't you go to Louisiana when asked not to? Asking for a friend.
with play dough
I'm taking bets that Tuesday your poll numbers will reflect your shoe size. America will finally be watching #Donocchio
wrong again dummy, she realizes her being there takes away law enforcement resources currently needed.. but good try
What's dumb is the dance you two are doing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kvmtxx1lVk … The two party system is broken.
lol dance
It's a bizarre square dance between two incredibly insecure megalomaniacs. #Election2016
Still getting my popcorn for the debate
118 million people will be hunkered in bunkers eating popcorn for the debates. It's going to be wild.
I think it'll be 150 mill.
$5 Trump says Crooked
$10 Hillary lies in the first 5 min
$50 Trump will pay for the bet with Fnd money?!
What kind of sack of shit pays off lawsuits with money from his own *charity*? @realDonaldTrump Sad! #cantmakethisup
Lawsuits.....for raising an American Flag? That right there is "Sad!"
A patriot would have paid that fine proudly with his own money instead of others'.
Fair enough. So what does that say about other patriots that sue others for honoring their country's flag?
Let's not pretend Trump is about honoring more than himself by having "the biggest". See response to the fall of WT Towers.
I don't defend everything Trump says or does, I like him but I just don't. If he does something stupid I call him out on it.
He also used TF money to pay a law settlement he lost to a golfer that he schemed liked a carnival vendor.
All these stories on both Trump and Clinton are either 90% false or 90% exaggerated and not worth looking into
What were your favorite bible verses again? http://youtu.be/10qbt0LHmvE  #NeverTrump #ClownTrain #DumpTrump
so that do not m nun he is a hole
Hillary has Parkinson's. She should be in a clinic.

Can you get even more stupid? Wow.
Seriously? Your response to my objective facts is to call me stupid? 
Yes, you bypassed the level of stupidity to be engaged intelligently. It would be foolish to engage you and a waste of time.
Okay, firstly, you've already engaged with me, genius.
And secondly, I responded to your made up story with facts, so it's tough to argue that I'm the stupid one here.
Unlike you, @HillaryClinton actually cares. It's not grandstanding like it would be if you were going. #NeverTrump @realDonaldTrump
He's filed for bankruptcy 4 times...
He bankrupted a Casino,how do you even do that?
My ass !! HILLARY IS A SLOB AS CORRUPT FUCK!!
BREAKING:Many charities Trump told IRS donated $to, had no idea ,no money, NEVER PD
FRAUD   @Philly_Gizmo @tayIorhq
name a charity Hillary donated to other than Clinton Foundation
Clinton Found. Saved 11 million aids lives @desertwolfe1 @Philly_Gizmo @tayIorhq
Trump Foundation bought self portrait for$20,000 4 himself
as the Haitians what she did with the earthquake relief funds she kept.
BS
@thedebbiec @desertwolfe1 @Philly_Gizmo @tayIorhq
BS not much of a vocabulary.  I didn't expect you to be a brain surgeon.
Your a joke...how does this make you a presidential choice?  Where are your policies???
~ DJT = Idiot.
*judgment
You are just jealous you didn't think of it first. Just like they told you to stay away in LA.
and why would Trump be jealous? HC is the one who said she was going and was told no. Smh
Hillary listened to local officials. I'll never do that. Just like I didn't listen in LA & Flint! @realDonaldTrump
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
here's your sign denald cuck


Lyin' Traitor @JamesFideler, who admitted he's voting for a Putin Stooge, is losing bigly. Votes for guy who makes deals w Bin Laden. BAD!
who wrote that article was it your dad?
dumb libtards destroy democrat ran cities SAD!
Lyin' Traitor @JamesFideler thinks Hillary ran Detroit. Should look at how I ran 6 casinos into the ground. $4.7B in LOSSES dumped on public
; Please remain calm, think before you speak, say what you want to say one time and be professional at all times debating
I agree with what you said but feel this is impossible given the hostile environment.

you can't run the U.S by tweeting all day long please get your life together
Boy, for a 'rich' guy you sure take a lot of 'cheap' shots.  You're not very sleek yourself - look in the mirror.
kick her ass!
R/T birther issue:  The publishers ad for Barack Obama's first book touted him as a Kenyan born author.
LOL
Please announce you filed your tax returned in Hillary's Email Server!  Maybe SHE DELETED THEM!!!
but what are talking about
She's trying to find excuses so she can go get a medical deferment to dodge the next debate. You burned her too hard.
YouTube Hilary lying for 13 minutes straight
she is bringing up ms universe you need to bring up her days when she was anti gays
you need to play hard ball bring up how she was against gays back in the day
@LouDobbs # America needs you Mr. Trump ,she attacked you with everything she had. The second debate will be the same lies
you sound like an angry kid in the playground not a president. It's disgraceful you're all the republican party can offer
. Please talk about strengthening the misprision of felony statute to fight domestic terrorism
dumb? Pot kettle black? You were like a naughty 10 year old who didn't study for a test! #DumbTrump #ChildishTrump
Shame isTrump's name! Apologize to the Pres Obama and to America for birther conspiracy YOU started! Shame is Trumps name.
#CrookedHillary
#trumpzanidiot
her bad judgement is pay to play. this greedy woman belongs in jail Powell was right she can't be trusted
Devious she is. Dumb she is not with all the corrupt, practiced manipulating heads trying their best to shape her for a fee
Grandstand! haha pot meet kettle, oh and don't forget the blond hair dye and tangerine Tan for the minions
it is easy to call her crooked on tweeter-do you have the backbone to say it to her face?
liar, liar PANTS ON FIRE!  You silly old fool!  You have no idea what you are doing!
And your bad judgement forced you into your fourth bucket of KFC this week.
I never did this in my life but the press is on her HC side it stinks the press stinks
you have zero class - people voting for you indicates how low the usa has sunk ..
blue room due to Parkinson blue used for people who have parrkinson
blue room due to Parkinson blue used for people that have it
HONEST HILLARY ADDRESS HER PROPERLY 4KBOY...
Well that what's what happens when liberals run things.

Trump uses Herion!
Where did I read that?
Just made it up.
If trump can make things up so can I.
BUT, maybe it is true
Read trump being sued by young lady for sexual harassment .  As president he will spend time in prison..good place for him
Many contractors treated badly by you. Quit acting so innocent. Looking forward to your best B-S  tonight
you're hated more than you're liked because ur a whinny little bitch with thin skin. I may have taken ur lunch money pussy
Let's hope she's been over-medicated ... Hillary exposed on national TV ... Just be cool Donald ... you are cool ... be it!
T rump monkeys flinging feces before debate.
, you are going to get destroyed tonight, you fool!
#DipshitDonald or #DeplorableDonald or #TaxDodgingDonald or #DemagogueDonald is a #TangerineNightmare and has #SmallHands
YOU WERE GOING TOO IDIOT AND THE MAYOR ASKED YOU BOTH TO WAIT! WHATS THAT SAY ABOUT YOU dumb donald

...Hit 'Em hard tonight!!!
best of luck tonight. Make us proud of you. Totally committed here
release ufo disclosure
But Mike Pence says you guys don't do name calling!
She is a much better person than you could ever dream of being.
Hey Trump, I hope you hate every single second of your upcoming prison term!
Kinda like you going to Louisiana handing out Play Doh for a photo opt & tying up roadways from emergency vehicles. STFU
Perhaps, when Hillary announced she's going to Charlotte could mean she's going for treatment there.
rump ...#dumptrump the Moocher of 9-11 lies, lies, lies!
You know that you won't be president for one fact. You are a crooked, vulgar and disrespectful to women.
and your not crooked by taking taxpayer money tonfly your jet?? Yeah, so crooked Hillary... makes sense
there's no e in judgment.
Stop your JUVENILE name calling!  YOU are much more 'crooked' than her: https://youtu.be/h1Lfd1aB9YI?t=1263 …
Clinton already trying to stack the deck as usual, she has become stressed and worried since she is failing in the polls.


"Crooked", "dumb". After being blown out, no worries, WWE needs a commissioner. #NeverTrump #ImWithHer
I hope tonight you say Hillary...Americans are tired of being called racist because we want strong borders! We are sick!
You lied about Lester Holt being Democrat to play the ref!!! I'd say you're dumbest......

@realDonaldTrump is now renting all areas of Crooked Hillary's head space, except blood clot area, before the big Debate #TrumpVsClinton
#Trumpufraud #maketrumpirrelevantagain
she should have gone it would have been fun to watch them attack her
..... her & demacrats r; stealing from Senior Citizens & Veterans With DISABILITIES!! U stupid fkn convicts!!!!!!!
I hope tonight when Hillary brings out the list of lies, you will say"Really,do you want to go there!"  BE PRESIDENTIAL!!!!
Don't let her pat herself on the back about her defense of the children. She didn't defend Bill's women
tonite H will talk about her long time as a children's advocate joining Children Defense League.
you, hiLlARy and i gotda get togheter and have a threeway. itll mbe so much fun
@EasybillBuc Louisiana is still waiting
IMMEDIATELY SHOW WIFE'S IMMIGRATION PAPERS IMMEDIATELY SHOW YOUR TAX RETURNS
she's old she's sick she's vindictive, corrupt, has an ax to grind for personal benefit -- no way Hillary!  Trump 2016
CROOKED,  DIDN'T YOU WRITE THE BOOK ON CROOKED NESS THE ART OF THE DEAL
SHOW YOUR TAX RETURNS AND WIFE'S IMMIGRATION PAPERS
Thank you for teaching the people of my generation how NOT to live our lives.
Well, Mr Trump, I think that you're attacking Hilary because of what you were taught when you were my age. You need to step
Stop living in the stone age Mr Trump. Your generation were told that a womans place was the kitchen, not the White House.
The way I see it, your generation thought that if you dragged a woman by her hair to your cave she'd have sex with you.
My generation are educated in equality for all of the human race. We were warned about people like yourself Donald.
About me being a girl or say that I'm too young to understand but people in my generation are educated Mr Trump.
I know you may not respond to these tweets but I know that if you do you'll just make some sexist comment
You're building a fucking wall between America and Mexico! You want a wall? Build one around your property!
#crookedtrump
@HillaryClinton @daformidablefoe"Should we add that to the other list of lies you've been telling your supporters, Donnie ?
But...but..she didn't get to hand out Play Doh to help the Louisiana flood victims. Surely it was her turn?
why has not anyone brought out the fact that Benghazi happened right before Obama was going for re election, he is in it !
stomp her ass hard tomorrow make her run off the stage
Trump is unfit to be a dog catcher and president
You just keep lying, you was going to go over there and the chief just said one at a time. Why do you keep lying.
please just answer the questions at the debate tomorrow. Let America hear what you can do for this country. #Trump2016 
That's what you do remember play doh
dude this whole tweet is wrong. 1. It's Sunday 2. The Mayor of CLT called and asked you not to come till they can handle it
what grade are you in? #DUMB
Only Trump can grandstand, as he did in Louisiana. Trump has the best grandstanding, & will fix all the other grandstanders
