DONT GIVE UP! We are with you! #fight4Trump #MAGA
.@realDonaldTrump Crush IT tonight and it won't matter
forget about the GOP establishment cucks abandoning u, who cares about them? the American people are w/ u 100% til the end!
Hang in there - funny how they never attack you on your policies. It's always personal.
over 150 of your own party disowning you! Yup great support you BS disaster of a man drop out with what dignity you've left
Paul Ryan is a hypocrit. Every man has said similar about a woman. Guess you never played with yourself either huh Paul.
Please tweet less and prep more for the debate tonight. Also, good luck with the debate tonight! America needs you!
"@realDonaldTrump: Tremendous support (except for some Republican "leadership"). Thank you."
you're going to lose by 8 points and be a historical laughing stock.
Trump is going to grab Clinton's P##sy
@petefrt 
Sir...There is NO Republican leadership...Change that once WE elect you and governor Pence!
This is how you take responsibility for something
GOP doesn't elect the next president, people do!!! Never give up!! #TrumpPence2016
the truth is now out. You are despicable. What you said to the Philly Inquire woman reports is beyond civilized.
WE NEED YOU-SCREW THE RINOS!!! NVR TRUSTED ANY OF THEM...EVER! 
#TrumpMovement
I went apple picking n there was a republican booth.  No trump pence signs at all no support from even local. Very sad.
LOL! Some? Only in #TrumpWorld
You are delusional
I'm getting TREMENDOUS support from 1% of the people. Everyone else thinks I'm a sexual predator. BAD! @realDonaldTrump
RINOs, for sure. Globalism is their master.
@EricTrump no worries. People already have their mind made up for the most part. You still need to put the hammer down now
Then all of a sudden I see her, she’s now got the big phony tits and everything. She’s totally changed her look.
your a dork
Those 23 year old stories from South Africa........wow....you're just...terrifying....Obama must be worried
They must be worried you won't continue to fund their "special interests"
anyone who supports you saying that you can grab women by the pussy.... ya brain broke.
time to learn few new adjectives.
We know these r calculated knee capping attacks which are irrelevant and only show Hillary has no issues. She is a disaster
Hilary talked bad about her hubby's women such as "Narcissistic looney tune"
She referred to mentally challenged children who were egg hunting at the WH as "retards"
And of course we are "Deplorables"
Oh and also as bad as I hate to say it, in private they call black people "GD Niggers" (God forgive me)
They are so mean
https://www.facebook.com/imsoblesseddaily/videos/676407999189994/ …

Scroll down (6 comments down) and read Chita's comment. Powerful!
sorry they never supported you to begin with. But the 90% of us support u and we are the party whether the elites like it
This Black Democrat is on the "TRUMP TRAIN"!!
@mcneilfarms @realDonaldTrump if you don't love God guns freedom and the American dream than this #TrumpTrain isn't for you!

God bless and sustain you, Mr. Trump. We are with you.
.@realDonaldTrump. How are things going in the bunker?
You're going down big, loser.
What a moron. He can't recall his own words. This is your responsibility. It is the #TrumpShutdown. Take the credit as we all know it is your lack of leadership. Have another Diet Coke and ten burgers. Don't forget to change the sheets in the morning.
take Hillary out to the trash!!! NOT THE RECYCLING BIN EITHER!
hey.. We end up with people like that on top because this goes on at the ground level http://34.gs/cathyjohnson  #Hillary
@YRdog81 @realDonaldTrump The weak will always do,the devils bidding, Judice Billy Boy the real PUSSY in this matter
Repeat after me.. VOTER fraud is real, open BOARDERS r not a COUNTRY,people have chopped OFF heads of INNOCENT ppl. R u next
Not clear on which boarders are to be opened. Skateboarders per chance? And why? Sounds vicious.
Look,,we have seen the ISIS chopping off heads, rape,tortured them impaled them and lit them on fire. Keep away
too little, too late. Start practicing your defeat speech Trump
I don't condone what T did in t PAST but have u heard the phrase, let him without sin throw t 1st stone?He apologized t n him now
We are behind you, Mr Trump. The RINO crowd was never behind you. ALL have sinned and fallen short of the grace of God. 
God graced women with intelligence. His comments are unforgivable. Get ready for 8 years of Hillary.
I WOULD TAKE HIS COMMENTS OVER HER LACK OF PROTECTING THE U.S.A TRUMP FOR OUR CHIEF &COMMANDER
He's terrible at everything. He would bankrupt the US.
PEOPLE WHO VOTE FOR KILLARY HILLABEAST IS DUMB WHEN IT COMES TO OUR KIDS FUTURE
This guy a troll. best to not engage. Hillary supporter
he has to win this or our country will be the beginning of the end
I'm supporting you in England
Good. We'll send him and he can run your country. Glad you cannot vote here.

love it when idiots gets fucked so hard...impossible to stop laughing.. Thanks! Jim.
Can't be any harder than Trump is going to fuck our country if jackasses like you vote him in.
Since he said "we" how was I to know? Maybe you should "open your mind a little more"?
You're a clown .. Stop scaring America
Says the guy who decided to name his twitter after the guy who ratted on many people
Your sorry Ass egghead account isn't even a day old.. Keep hiding AssClown..
I got blocked by a hillary supporter. Seems to be all rats who support her apparently Internet gangsta
I support nobody..Trump nor Clinton in office is not gonna make my life better or worse..I'm gonna do it. Not those clowns
Then why are you trolling around rat? Nothing else to do?
I made a comment and you chimed in.. All could of been avoided but you had to respond . Am I right?
This is actually who I'd like to see run but at the end of the day, he's the choice. Never hillary bro. I value my life
remember when you said you could grab women by the pussy? thats why your support is collapsing.
I'm sure you are enjoying your collapsing currency too
how retarded are you?  no, its not falling at all. http://finviz.com/futures_charts.ashx?p=d1&t=6B …
its a chart. its actual data. pound went from 1.50 to 1.23.  what are you not understanding about that?
The people who "withdrew" endorsements were RINOs who are part of the corruption you stand against.
...or, unlike you, realize a disgusting man when they see one
This election is not about the "perfect" option... It's about the BEST option to pull  out the gutter.  That is Trump!
sir, Trump has disqualified himself with his behavior. You'll find that out on 11/9
In your fantasy world the media made for you... Clinton must be a saint. Research what she'll do to oil industry b4 u vote #MAGA
nope, not a saint, just a much better choice
Did you live under power lines as a kid or something?
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT NO CROOK HILDABEAST
I prayed in church today that you would stay on course about what you will do for our country and not crooked Hillary
what you said is no different that what most men say, only yours was recorded!  You are open Hillary has all the skeletons.
those 'turncoats' don't count! We the people have your back!
its sheer ignorance to support TRUMP over HILARY because of some errors she committed compared to a man proven to be daft.
begin to file lawsuits of scandal and liable to the women and media who published this.
Now They want us to be "an Unaware and Compliant Citizenry"
screw the media! My community and I are voting Trump. He's running for President,  Not Pope!
@NBCNews This Hispanic woman is voting for Trump #hispanicwomenfortrump
@snoozinglion1 @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews THANK YU FOR VOTING YOUR CONSCIENCE AND BELIEVES WITHOUT LISTENING TO THE BIAS MEDIA'S
trumpet you deserve zero support worst man ever to run
horrible how you diss your own party
Direct TV is shutting off Fox&Friends every day for 2-3 hrs.FNC is the only channel they are blocking!!
@JonStev18056490   Before He Destroys The Last American Dream!
Direct TV is shutting off Fox& Friends eveyday for 2-3 hrs.
If i were a the religious type, and was ask who is the likely Anti-Christ, I would have choicen Hillary Clinton Anti-Christ through politics
pls pivot on scandals.They have more than all combined.   Hit hard. Economy!
The true Republicans who care about the country, can't even stand you.
I am a supporter, and  want YOU to win. Please get back on policy, don't spend anymore time on  accusations. POLICY =win!

My apologies for sharing this sir. This post will self destruct. And any other derogatory comment you might read. Sir.
Yep! The "the leadership" that has accomplished zero in the last 4 years. Low IQ career politicians
the leadership knows that you in office means the people get their voice back and no more big money pocket liners.
we're with you!
don't let her provoke you, stay on point and you'll do great and no vulgarity.
America, please do'nt be foolish. Realize what you are doing. Vote Trump. Hillary is a fraud
We don't care about them! We care about you, President Trump!!
, you are the last hope America has, debate well, and save American from destruction.
The "leadership" is nothing more than career politicians. Support when up, abandon you to save own political a$$. Not 
we believe in you&your vision 2make America great again,ALWAYS by your side!You're  knocking her off her lying ass tonight!
Those Republican leaders will be voted out!
Which point of view will HRC talk about tonight? Private or public
we're with you, tell it like it is!
Mr Trump your political add states "Paid Maternity Leave for Women " How will this plan be funded ??
too bad R leadership reacts and can't hold off--but then they are the problem and cater to liberals. Weak and need to go.
None from me. Please stop.
@reddogsa just take the high road tonight and hammer home the obvious andthe basics. Immigration, jobs, veterans and police
Just put a end to the Clintons finally! What Witch accuses a child of wanting to be raped
Ladies and Gentlemen, @HillaryClinton... 
you are going to be another Al gore winning the popular vote without the cigar; electoral college make sens to you.
Rhinos will be rhinos unfortunately
Hope your prank backfires. Hope all the women you assaulted contact Hillary.
fuck what the leadership says they are not interested in the countries need they worry about their interest groups..
Until they with about country first.. they should not have a say so
,They are scared to lose power, they would rather have HC, useless losers.
If thats what u want to call them! You are our leadership Mr. Trump
who are you kidding? No one wants you! Slither away!

and again you don't need to run this country your to much of a sexist racist man to fit the oval office. Hilary has my vote
self-righteous hypocrites
BECAUSE YOU ARE REAL unlike the phony politicians, and the criminal activity Clinton has been involved in
Those #GOP "leaders" will feel the personal repercussions come 11/8.  #MAGA #TrumpPence16
Hillary CHAVEZ Clinton 82-0 in sex and corruption! Don't go toe to toe! Stay on economy and jobs!
. Keep your head  get her on economics words don't hurt. Like actions. You have been strong before go in smooth
@KatrinaPierson Well you got the pussy groupers support!
we forgive you and will continue to support you! We've all said bad things at one time or another.
They are casting stones. See what happens. Judgment is a "B".
follower does not mean supporter. Just wondering how deranged you might be. Tweet on!
And... how exactly do you expect to do anything in Washington without the Republican leadership behind you?
Mr.Trump please , we the people only care about issues.Don't talk about the Clinton pigs.
Monkey see, Monkey do.
We love you Trump-go get hiLIARy tonight-unmask her corruption for all the world to see-and tell us how you'll fix USA 2 !!
you are our future if this nation. We will fight for you if you fight for us as you have. Stay the course Donald.
.@realDonaldTrump You need to turn your liabilities into assets. Only reason you have them is Hillary's are much bigger. Got that?
Sorry Donald, plenty of Republicans who ar NOT 'leadership' DO NOT SUPPORT YOU.
good job, calm , cool and in charge. Great come back!
#NeverTrump
just donated to your campaign Mr. Trump! It's not a lot but I needed to show you, I'm still in! I got your back! #MAGA 
Not
They never supported you in the first place
OK Trump if any woman messes with my husband trust me they will hear from me and it wouldn't be nice
Hit her with her words..ur doing a good job Sir..
weed out the bad ones
Here you go, DT! Hit him with this!
anyone from GOP didn't support you is self interest & traitor to great America U are stronger with your supporters 
don't worry about the lifelong republican politicians. They are out of touch with the American people.
u didn't do such s horrendous, is Having ur con sucked in oval office, there I said it! It was testeserone banter!!!
I support you Donald .Those who are without sin,cast the first stone
@ThePatriot143 Republican leaders will be voted out. We the ppl do not forget their cowardness when things get tough.
great job  tonite and hope u win against this monster!
don't sweat the small stuff
Oh, LittleHands. Just one more thing you say is "tremendous" or "huge" but is really not.
You seriously NEED psychological help.
- love how career politicians (Republican old guard) suddenly have ethics when it might cost them votes. #trumpstrong -
Piss on Paul Ryan,,,,,,,   Roland
Where are the tax returns?
tremendous support from all your imaginary friends! You are going to go down in History as the most pathetic person in Ever
There you go, drink your koolaid now and keep calm #libtard #idiots
I think you're referring to your candidate. But I refuse to argue with idiots. blocked!
Mr. Trump, as a Christian who has been guilty of greater sins than theses, it is time to just hold on and ride this down.
you have divided our nation more than anything I can remember. Shame on you
What you said was so wrong BUTLet any one of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone at her."john8-7
Knock it out of the park tonight.
you've still got my vote!!!
Why is it That bad hair is never taking accountability and can point his finger so perfectly! Can't stand them both!
Donald apologize and then go for HRC jugular!
JFK didn't keep it in his pants Billy boy preyed on women yet stupid Democrats loved them They R Hypocrites Hillary worst
I'm sorry, but I can't vote for a pig!
who did you grope today?
you deserve support. Republicans need to stand together. We need the Republican Party to lead us right now.
Pier
Give her hell, Donald.  We're with you!
Take this debate! smash hiilary...open borders? open trade? really?? = chaos socialism danger more corruption dictatorship?
We - the American People - got your back. Finally a true leader -that has ours.
"Those Republicans" just know their jobs are at stake when you win. Stay steady, shake up DC, and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I still will support you. Tapes are from years ago and people need to get over it. GO TRUMP!!!
Cowering under media pressure is just one of the many reasons why these "Republicans" are so weak & lacking in leadership.
@2016Outsider @realDonaldTrump @USATrustTrump corrupted other unfaithful republicans$$ no good for nothing

with all our support best wishes that God bless you and the best of lucks.
"Let he who is without sin throw the first stone."

You will be forgiven!
You need to turn your liabilities into assets. Only reason you have them is Hillary's are much bigger. Got it?
Nothing they can say will change my vote! We need change from the political arena where we, Americans, are small potatoes!
@Reince I'm behind you a 100 percent. Do not let the GOP cowards stop you. We will fight them every step of the way.
you did good!!!

Donald Trump in 1999: Hillary Clinton has "been through more than any woman should have to bear" http://cnn.it/2e2fyjr  
Win..then slowly weed those do nothing, blood suckers OUT!
please stay on topic, keep your head straight. Praying for you.
"Be strong and courageous..do not be afraid, for the LORD your God is with you wherever you go." Joshua 1:9.
still have my support!
@EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @FoxNews
Great job tonight!!
RINO Republicans is why the party has been on the ropes for years. Thank you for making it so clear. Love being on offense.
Looks more like people are abandoning ship.
#wesuportyou #MAGA #hillaryshypocrites
that's the Trump we love keep going #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I'm not worried about what you said 11 years ago. It never got anybody killed. You got my vote!
DON'T answer any questions at the debate spin them back to killery EVERY TIME..WE DEPLORABLES KNOW WHAT YOU WILL DO TO MAGA
empowering women who are victims of assault does include using them as pawns in a political debate
These clowns can't be counted on.  COWARDS.
Yup...Eric, Donald Jr, Ivanka  & we're not sure if Melania is writing her own script
the ones that are making those comments of not supporting  him  are not important
count me and my family in , we are with you
The deplorables support you
