President trump i get alot of backlash because I'm a black trump supporter but i don't care. I support you 100% .
NOTHING WRONG with believing in #AmericaFirst! #MAGA
Its called Fox News and they do every day.
I'm sure,what's up with them dopey dopes.and they could shut up anytime now.
your supporters would be very upset also if you lost-and worseand you know it- give it a rest already
And that's a very kind understatement. The left would do a lot worse than that.
Still true.. and it's July
Isn't that the truth!
You don't know anything. If given the choice between a potato and you as POTUS, I would choose the potato.
looking for a professional Video intros?? Contact:
If Muslims pulled terrorist attacks like ur supporters have been doing, u would most surely be blowing it out of proportion
What names should we use for these?
@sobeit22 That's correct!
They are scorned.  Those supporters shooting immigrants spurned by your hate speech are called MURDERERS!!
Your voters have class!
why do you think they got the nickname deplorables
your supporters consist of the most uneducated, racist and fascist pigs. They are truly terrible people, just like you.
Gives me GREAT PLEASURE to block you! #MAGA
Because you never call people by nasty names #Resign #Uselesstwat
President trump I have a gift for America and like to an ounce it with you and Melina i
poor honey child..so sad and thin skinned. your  cult loves you, but the majority sees a pathetic fool. #realdonaldtrump

You must be a CTR shill! #FakePhoto #FakeNews@realDonaldTrump

As you know Mr President, WE THE PEOPLE have SCRUPLES & MANNERS, unlike the liberal trolls. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
The difference between us and them is we stand behind what we say!! And I'll say it to anyone face to face, no mask or hood
We have broad shoulders, they have weak minds.
we are already deplorable, and believe me, we DO sound off on twitter. Many get banned by the communist twitter owners.
Been there, done that!!
If any public SERVANT such as YOU did the many ILLEGAL THINGS you do EVERY DAY in a normal society you would be in PRISON.
We're with you 110%, Mr. President - no matter what these miscreants do, we stand with you!
You call people names all day long to feel better about yourself. Doesn't make you better.
SB
agreed
We're too busy working to support our families. Thank God for Donald Trump!
and it don't help that Kane who would of been VP telling  people to fight, fight in the street's fight shameful  ly PDT
U wouldn't let ISIS spread, why R U letting domestic terrorism spread, these are not 'protesters' they are paid anarchists
We can handle it no liberal babies here
radical Christian terrorists
@joseph_tillson They do. They are. #Deplorable #WhiteSupremacists #Racists #Idiots #Trumpettes
case law makes judges run the country ... what else!!!!
please freeze the house and Congress paychecks. If we didn't do our job or acted irresponsible we would be fired.
go to jerry springer
next sanctuary university's, no more free hospitalization/ free tuition for immigrants. Americans don't get free education
Mr President...i demand you eliminate congress from the constitution. Remove article 1 via article 5...or u are going to go
fire congress...as a citizen of America...i demand it...per article 5 of the const...delete article 1
fire congress now please thank you...use article 5 of the constitution to delete article 1...
Why not Saudi Arabia?  The money, leadership and most of the actual terrorists caused 911
you will make America great again
Oh, they are.
they did. In 2009 and 2013 
thats an understatement.
may God giveyou the strength and wisdom on your new journey
i hope while in office that you pass a law that when protestors destroy and get violent that harsh penalties are inforced
Wanted you to feel at home where we slept so we had women pee on the bed. Enjoy! - Obama
I'm so looking forward to tomorrow. I can't wait for a new beginning for our  country. # can't wait
There are 63% of us that don't respect you as POTUS I hope when you take office you will grow up and do better.  Grow up
I'm proud to call you my president. God bless you
I need 5 million in losses from the last 8 years of discrimination.

Send me 100 k to begin
Keep this uppermost in mind.  For all supporters of TRUMP!
you threatened to to go nuclear if you lost the election weeks before the election.
هكذا يقاد البشر 
من قبل المليشيات الطائفيه الايرانيه من داخل مدينة الموصل .
#العراق #الموصل
as they should! sad truth is these people have never had to be accountable for their own actions.
I bet Trump does not read any of these reply tweets
I'm not much worried about ..more worried about Americans who bully & threaten fellow Americans because of how we voted
I agree and I don't understand their hate.  But we need you!!!  Thank you Mr.  PRESIDENT!!!
if you really want to make America great again ban liberalism from this country
I'm disabled I can't afford the deductible of 7.000 it's horrible it's has almost ate my retirement I have been
how are your ratings Donald?
do you even know how petulant you sound?
Left really r stupid pplNeed led & taken care ofWhy they vote DEM,4 huge GOV CONTROL,TAKES from PRODUCERS-gives 2 
If my many supporters acted like those who lost the election, they'd live FREELY without FEAR of PRICKTATORS like me!
@Michael_T_Flynn Analysis: based on my childhood living/eating w top brass Thank God your policies to end quagmire.
@Michael_T_Flynn 2. I own http://whitehousechatoom.com  and notified Kellyanne. Your video there ... ok with you?
@Michael_T_Flynn 1. You upgraded intel. Can we in Silicon Valley help you finally upgrade power/transport quickly?
@Michael_T_Flynn Mike, I grew up in a military/Hughes family and have 2 questions and an analysis I'll spread out here.
When they go low, we go high !
@Mum07Chris What about if they sexually assaulted women and mimicked the disabled Don, you tool?
Who did he sexually assault?
You want the women he "grabbed by the pussy" naming? Google mate. It's a long list.
I knew you'd come back with that as an excuse to lie about someone you disagree with.
What? You knew I'd come back with what he said himself? Primary research we call it.
Tell you what, Trump said one of the first things he would do in office is sue the people who accused him. Now if he is
innocent that is exactly what he should do. He'll want to clear his name, remove suspicion and become a leader for all. So,
let's wait and see if he does because I think we can both agree any innocent man would make sure his name was cleared.
Lost requires definition. Like Gore he was not the people's choice. My football team did not lose in spite of the score
isn't that exactly what you've been doing?
@dantevinas yeap @realDonaldTrump experiencing this as of yesterday. To many rude people, with foul mouths. Very sad!
Sad indeed.
sd the man supported by KKK Wht supreamists, bigiots etc
It shows ya WHAT betrayers, enemies, and down right near rioters and terrorists they who have been in charge the past 8 yrs
bahahahaha
"Called terrible names" drags your writing down to elementary school level. Use your thesaurus.
Your whole campaign was based on threatening people. Why 
should you feel any different?
@rpollockDC  Trigger happy fascists are powerfully ruining my life now! investigator needed.
#Keep up the good fight, people feel You will not let us down, True That!!!!
你好
we are supporting you Mr trump
Yeah.  No kidding.  I had a friend totally cut me off because I voted for you.
The acted the same...REMEMBER THE BIRTH CERTIFICATE you clown?
I wish to come to see you become our next President as much I wish I could but don't have the money but thanks for asking.
we are called terrible names often, but we don't riot or act like little bitches.  We want to #MAGA,  Mr. President
Why the past tense, Muh Precedent?
o like Hitler socialist birther Kenyan un american ape gorilla muslim african monkey fried chix -yeah Reps much better
, Almighty God will revenge the evil you have committed  against the U. S. for rigging the election in your favor.
You mean the people at your Rallies punching Protestors? (Which they have the RIGHT to do... Protest i mean, NOT PUNCH).
stop.
sad but true.
a friend of mine would not be allowed to see her grand children if she voted for you.
The mother is a wack job.
STOP already!  Just man up and tell your Trumpateers u dont know wtf u r doing!
i hope you stay on twitter.
You encouraged your followers to get their guns and riot in the streets. It was a threat, a scary one. Hypocrite!
DMBOCRATS ARE PITIFUL TO SAY THE LEAST..THEY ARE THERE--BUT THEY ARE NOWHERE  GO DONALD
"Stand Up For Us" ad,where WERE they when the IRS was targeting Us? HRC was selling her office Pay for Play"the Forgotten
threats r your modus operandi
WWWWWWaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh
I don't get the dems behavior. I've NEVER seen anything like it! They've been lead by their cult leader for 8 yrs. Grow up!
They do! Read some comments on You Tube, they threaten civil war, how they have more guns, name calling,profanity. Be Proud
they have names -kkk & the super rich egotists!
just like the names your father called you
sad to see what our nation has become...WE THE PEOPLE are looking forward to restoration.
Your the president. Being divisive is not American
your supporters threatened people big time you are such a fraud
liberals took the American people for granted. They were supporting everyone else but the masses. Now cry foul.
Oh, noes! Not terrible names! How old are you? Your daughter needs to put you in time out or down for a nap. Grow up!
yep!
@wesstaples  it it's what it is with all elections some win and some loose get over it & get on with it.
I don't think we will ever be rid of those cry-babies
and your are responsible for some of it .. and most of hatred and racism so wishing you and you family near  far bad luck
I guess you've been living under a toupeed rock, because your supporters have garnered many illustrious titles.
why I remember I had a chat with Harry C bing Crosby son.
I was just thinking you dodged Miltary Service. You're not commander Chiefs your will have any ideas what your doing
Your supporters DID threaten and physically attack others, while you egged them on, then denied having done so.  Coward.
They do, and they are.

Delete your account.
Your many supporters in the KKK burn crosses because they are good christians who want black people lynched.
@vpenley Losers can call me names just delete. Gains in the market let me flip stocks to Charities,Thks. POTUS TRUMP!
the man
they do though 
.@realDonaldTrump They did threaten to use fire arms if you lost.  That's not a threat?
And yet they scorn and call us names anyway! Lmao #ProudToBeaDeplorable!
not only that, they'd be all over the MSM showing how deplorable we are.  but we don't act like that
they ARE. They're the biggest racist, sexist, homophobe group we've seen so public & so loud since the 50s #factsnotfantasy
if you say this to yourself often enough, you too will begin to believe it
Right...what fantasy land do you live in?  Your followers harass unprovoked.
yes we would. Mr president. Us deplorable would be more than irredeemable.
KEEP YOUR EYES ON PENCE.  HE IS CONNIVING TO GET YOU IMPEACHED SO HE CAN MOVE INTO THE WHITE HOUSE!  THAT IS THE TRUTH!
Give me a break.Your supporters are acting a fool. The difference is the misbehaved non-supporters are in the minority
You started the bullying! You can dish it out but can't take it! Fascism!
the  Traitor  Trump  supporters are  far worse  than any  non  Trump  supporter.
@realDonaldTrump
drain the swamp is what we need
l
What threats?
Your supporters DO this on a daily basis. They are taking it upon themselves to tell people to leave US due to skin color.
Please don't get us all killed with your horrible inability to think before you act. 
flup.. it takes someone strong, focused and resolved to work past the noise & bring a tone of unity to their tweets.
I have been through a few elections , I have not seen such divisiveness, strong post election sentiment & antagonism. Why?
we voted for you and your decency. Plus transformation of VA will be great for female veterans we have poor health care
you encouraged your supporters to assault people and offered to pay their legal expenses!
- we already got called terrible names.
.@realDonaldTrump You mean like they've been doing since 11/9, and to which you oh, so effectively said "stop it"?
NOW THE WORLD CAN REST KNOWING THE UNITED STATES IS IN GOOD HANDS STARTING JANUARY 20th
How are your bone spurs, #coward
@jjauthor 
Sir, media bias it real. Please don't let that slow you down

@jjauthor no we would be in jail for the death threats that they have made against their fellow Americans
@jjauthor 
Don't Worry
Their Pubes  are about to Burst into Flames
I will toss them an ice pick to Extinguish the Blaze
Naw your supporters have NEVER done that

Are you on drugs or what!  Putin over our country?  What does he have on you.  Treason!!!?!
have you seen your supporters?
How many lawsuits outstanding and no charit to pay them from hehee
Supported by Putin
Really you need to stop.  Your supporters DID MAKE THREATS to people during the Primaries.  I was one of them.
They are threatening and hurting people, so we are scorning all trumpster trash.  Descriptions are not insults
please keep your promises and drain the swamp please.
Hillary in jail would be a bonus as well.
@CathieMarie2014 he actually told them to beat them up he would pay legal fees
your supporters ARE behaving like monsters and being called out for it.
if you had lost, your supporters would be doing the same
Why, Clintons&Obamas must be accountable or they&their following will be a thorn in your side as they were to GW!
that is so true
