It's really sad that the mentally unstable liberals are now saying Trump lied about the meeting with the Mexican President!
He is completely incapable of telling the truth. All of Bush's people are backing Hillary. 
The Bushes and Clintons are one big crime family. Look up the facts. It's true
Donald Trump is the most unqualified person to EVER run for President.
You listen to CNN too much. Clinton News Network. Someday you'll understand she is Crooked
HE IS SLEEPING WITH PUTIN. Why would you vote for a sleezy Russian apologist???
Hillary is a crook. You'll see someday when it's too late. I already voted for Trump! He will win!!
I have watched her for 30 years. Trump is a fraud, an unregistered sex offender and GIANT DOUCHE BAG!
Dear Don, hope you dodged all the drug dealers & rapists & didn't get too wet crossing the river back to US #dingbat
Funny how secret service and planes really do work!
you're not very bright, are you?
Actually the reverse...  IQ 134. Thank you for wondering though!
That's not especially high, but you seem to be. Won't matter anyway, The Donald will run 2nd
Only high on Kombusha, love for my family, and love for Jesus.
so you believe in the full range of emperors without clothes
Makes absolutely zero sense to me.
There was only one leader there and it wasn't you. #MasterManipulator #DontheCon
After Hillarys comment on Trump going to Mexico, proves she's mentally unstable. Ticking time bomb! Tick, tick, tick, tick
.@realDonaldTrump Why wasn't there a US flag behind you? Weak! Sad!
Foreign country... Last minute decision to go.
great job Mr. Trump!

I hope you get Montezuma's revenge.
You wussed out
class act going to Louisiana and Mexico, you are without a doubt the man to lead the charge to Make America Great Again.
#LatinosForTrump
I was glad to hear that Mexican workers are important for the United States.  http://www.palimpalem.com/5/josealfredotellez/ …
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
high quality! Bet they would show their tax returns, Dopey! #whereAreYourTaxes
what's up with   The Mexican pres saying he won't pay for the wall after you leave
After you lied about this #TrumpEnMexico meeting I doubt @EPN will meet you again. @realDonaldTrump
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
I'm sure he won't!
Until the President of Mexico just called out your lies, huh? @realDonaldTrump
There was no lie sir! We will negotiate that


what you did today is true leadership and presidential. You finally got my vote 
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Next visit as President Trump!
that kid is an idiot. Shame on his parents
liar
Nieto told U in begin Mexico would NOT pay 4 wall, so guess U just gave in to him, huh, tough guy?
Al inicio de la conversación con Donald Trump dejé claro que México no pagará por el muro.
(AP) Pena Nieto says told Trump that Mexico won't pay for border wall, contradicting Trump, who says it was not discussed.
Mexico visit ends with Mexico basically accusing you of lying
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/08/31/donald-trump-says-he-didnt-ask-mexico-to-pay-for-the-wall-that-makes-no-sense/ …
sounds so racial sounds like you attacking Mexicans , specifi. To much coke
when you go to visit because it won't be as a dignitary
Loser
our country is better off without people like you!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
I honestly had to stop for a minute and remind myself, you are not president YET! Awesome job today future prez! 
Mr President elect..., you were excellent today... Today is the day all doubt of a Trump victory has been removed!
.@realDonaldTrump Wonderful leadership? Did you forget to tell him to stop sending those rapists?
listening to you tonight makes me want to throw up such a pathetic liberal biased non-objective so-called pundent
Heard they're not paying for the wall...what now champ?
WHAT? NOW THE US PAYS FOR THE WALL?!! Trump is a loser pretending to be a leader!!!
Never happening. Sorry.
"paying out of the deficit"?!! Haha did they teach Voodoo economics at Trump University?
But you said they were all rapist..??
lol
Wish we built a wall while you were gone.
Funny how planes can fly right over 
not what you said last year.
Not what he said to the Mexican POTUS TODAY!
LYIN' con man...
Some people have habits.tics.things they do unaware they are doing them. Are you aware that you always lie.  Bad habit!
the wall just got ten feet lower! You can't make friends with the enemy!
He'll say whatever his audience wants to hear. He's such a loser.
The ridiculous easily-debunked rumors about her aren't believed by critically thinking Americans. @realDonaldTrump


That all you got?! Lol.  Game Over. Hillary is finished
No one has answered you. LOL Trump is a laughingstock. He'll never be POTUS of anything. LOL
No one answered him because it's a true statement.
Trump won't win, but what is disturbing is how many people support his fascist anti-American ideas. Sad. @realDonaldTrump
What's sad is how many people support Hillary... Liar, corrupt, thief, criminal, covers crime, supports ISIS
If you really believe she supports ISIS then you aren't smart enough to vote. FTLOG. #headshake
Her actions and policies support it.
They're not paying for that wall Donny....
So you lied to @EPN today didn't you?  It was nothing but a photo up to pretend to be presidential. #TrumpEsMentiroso
.@realDonaldTrump THIS was your actual description. #ThisIsTrump #TrumpEnMexico
And "some" of them are which is exactly what Trump said!
so are are "some" white people.
No... I'm Native American!
Yes, of course. 
I'm sure you are not 100% black either.
i read rosie odonnel, actress, is backing Trump.   I dont care for her but certainly feel this is a big endorsement.
It WAS high quality hilariousness when Mexico's president just called you as a liar.
Except he didn't lie... A one sided comment with no reply is not a discussion.
You've been caught out lying by the Mexican President. He told you he wouldn't pay for the wall!
A one sided comment without a reply is not a discussion.  No lie found.
You must not have teenagers:

"Sophia, clean room."
Sophia, clean room!"
"Dad, stop yelling!"

See? Discussion!
I didn't discuss demands with my child.  I'm the parent!  My daughter is 23... She's just fine!
Way to miss the point!
I got the point but wasn't a good illustration.
hahahaha FUCK YOU
Oh God. Preserve us.
thank you so very much for coming to Louisiana I hope you come back Dems isn't helping of course 1 temp trailer poor folks
How you dare to put your dirty feet on this sacred land, you don't know nothing about real people
our government do not represent our people, our people would have never invited you.
no puto
.@realDonaldTrump "high quality people."???? What happened to your comment about us being "murderers, drug dealers and rapists"?? @EPN
-America first. Charity starts at home. Thank you DJT.
America has everything to gain with DJT presidency.MAGA
build that wall a hundred feet tall! I think Crooked Hillary would make a great Secretary of State! Experienced & sharing
Not what Mexico said...
I'm curious - Trumpy supporters - which of you actually buys this horseshit? Hit me up on direct message.
EXCELLENT JOB TODAY TRUMP!!!  THANK YOU FOR HELPING VOTERS & OUR COUNTRY!!  TRUMP 2016!
Yes!
nice :) hope you talked budget plans for the wall! Mexico knows they are paying for it right?
um I hope tf not
you chickened out. What a fake you are
You were used as a pinata and sent home with donkey dung on your face. You were caught in a LIE before you got to AZ
JAJAJAJ NI MADRES WEY
that's funny because you both are idiots. 
And you believed him about his agreement to ridding the cartels pfft   What about his law abiding people????
Hillary wasw invited but refused to go
HRC is not good for us. Bring your jobs here. Announce it today.
stop lying! You say anything for votes! Sad! 
#nevertrump
don't think that you're welcome to our country just because the "president" invited you.
if you want a fucking wall. Pay for it! And please never come back to Mexico
@DonaldJTrumpJr @AnnettePendleb4 I'm sure there will be no more visits!
but u want to put a wall in-between us &  these 'high quality people'? God you are such a joke.
What was so great about that meeting? You actually believe the drug cartel situation was mutual grounds? PFFFT
great to once again see how a real leader acts.
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
why? You chocked when you had the chance to tell him your expectation of $$ from Mexico. U R FOS.

A truly #SecureBorder will b beneficial 4 both countries deterring criminal activities across.
#GoTrump #VamosTrump
Cc @realDonaldTrump @EPN
I hope you realize that Mexicans do not like you. #MakeAmericaWhiteAgain is what you're doing.
LIAR!!!
many many people know every time you open your mouth it spews lies believe me people think your a joke
#AlwaysTrump
great....
The Great Trumpass Rides Again.... backs down in Mexico, and then lies about it.  What a FRAUD...I always knew that about u

is such a hypocrite! But then what can one expect from a man with 100 different personalities!
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
blowhard pansy asshole!!!!!   You have no spine and even less money.  Broke ass loser
want to help with va hospital problem  and MORE(william smith)
Making the 1st move in Making America Great Again! Enforce the laws, E-Verify, Deport all non- citizen criminals!
what was the Mexican president like in private you did great
ENP has 20% approval rating, though better than #Trump 2% approval rating in Mexico #DelusionalTrump #helies
no seas mamon
flip flop!!!! By the way Mexico will not pay for the wall.
I agree that Mexicans are "high quality people," as you say. They don't like you and therefore, your point is well made!
you can not be trusted, you say one thing in Mexico and report another when you return. You are a security risk & dangerous
If you like them so much, then why are you trying to build a freaking wall
Don't Worry After Nov 8 There Won't Be Another Meeting #DipShitDonny
Wimp!!!
So did the wall get 10 feet shorter?
you kissed their asses buddy!! We saw it!!!! Keep doing it!
. you just made a fool of yourself....
 you should of learned how to make real tacos
Don't count on #2 meeting.  You are an embarrassment to the US. President Clinton will apologize to Mexico for U.S. in Nov.
Your IQ level is so low to the extent of forgetting your own words the next minute. How can you make America great wit this
@NBCNews Why, are you going lie about not talking about paying for wall?
Psalm11;4GODTRUMP PRESIDENTBewareUSAof IslamSatanOBAMA/HILLARY byDRUGSCreated Islamisis SATANRevolutio2009 byUN CIA FBI
funny, I thought you called them murderers and rapists not that long ago.
I personally think you are handling the situation very presidential  go get them Trump  make America strong again 
it might could be difficult to chat when there's a wall between ya and yer tryin to extort money form em. #Wall #Trump
so you don't think they're rapists and murderers anymore?
To qualify Peña Nieto's government as great leadership is like to qualify certain Mr. Trump as suitable for US presidency.
Translation: I got my ass handed to me but I don't want to talk about it.
Thank you Mr.Trump for your incessant hard work!  You did great!  So happy w/ the outcome.
Mexico is the place for you  GO !!
I guess all the "good" Mexicans just stay in Mexico...unlike the ones that come to the U.S. looking for a better life...
I would have built the wall while YOU were in Mexico. #stayaway
well like all the other lies you have told and you lied to the people. The Mexicans will not pay for your wall.
are they "high quality people" because they intentionally send rapists and murders into our country?
MAGA
a true leader,just what America needs,God bless hou
After the Great Wall of China Trump plans to Build the "Great wall of America" and guess whose going to pay for It, Mexico.
I am proud of you for going you are very presidential.
Es Ud una persona NON GRATA  para el pueblo mexicano.Reprobamos su discurso excluyente y belicoso.
you talk about MX sending criminals over the border and you met with the biggest one of them all.
wonderful leadership? you stupid moron, our government is one of the most corrupt ones in the world you dumb fuck!
the Mexican people hate your racist mouth
Excellent presser Mr Trump
I don't like you.
# Rock on# Trump 4 POTUS

THERE WON'T BE ONE!
Bro... Know wtf you want already. Stfg.
won't be any more meetings with Mexican unless you are building a golf course there lying Donnie
I'm pretty sure I've pooped out poops that were smarter than you.
Trump ur the SECURITY RISK IN THIS COUNTRY,HATE AND BIGOTRY LIKE UR IDOL HILTER AND MUSSOLINI,  WHY DON'T U PAY FOR WALL !
dear lord save me... donald turncloak trump
Did you take Play-Doh and taco bowls as gifts?
and YOU talked BS kissed Ass
Hahaha! You sucked there too!
Great slogan along with yours, Make Mexico Great Again!  It could happen, nothing is impossible. Hillary is scared 2 of Mex
If #Mexican r great people then instead of bridging d distance why are you focusing on erecting wall?
#TrumpEnMexico
Whether Oldest Democracy of the World will channelize its energy in Fencing its Boundaries??
#TrumpEnMexico
Civilization paving way to dismantle Boundaries!! What Model a #SuperPower tends to present before #World
mexico gov is almost as corrupt as Washington DC... You can do better than that. Tell it like it is. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Trip to Mexico was a stupid stunt and we, the tax payers, have to subsidize your delusion of being a statesman.
Yeah but you have to admit @EPN sucker punched him lmfao. Invited him there and then disrespected him. LMMFAO
Crap!  You were treated as the lowest form of representative of the USA.  You had no business being there period.
shut yo bitch ass up
pudrete trump pudrete los mexicanos no queremos a un gringo racista en nuestro país deberíamos de haberte pedido todos tus
Release your Taxes LIAR!!!
NEW NATIONAL POLL OUT TONIGHT!!!
TRUMP LOSING BADLY! GETTING WORSE!!
48% to 40%
Amazing speech tonight!  Thank you for defending legal immigrants like myself and family!
There won't be a next meeting Mr. NotPresident unless you go peddling your hotels and golf courses to Mexico.
No Wall for you, thanks Mexico!!! @KellyannePolls
Talk big in front of your supporters. Turtle up when ur in front of people who dont like you. PRESIDENTIAL? NO. #NeverTrump
Frederick began to develop real estate. In 1918, he died of influenza,,, "DAMN INFLUENZA,,SMH "health care is a major issue
Mind Games
You did great! Keep it up and the WH will be yours !
there will be no "next" meeting.
#Payaso
you are delusional
