more than that after Hillary wins
you think that lying bitch has a chance to win this debate #debate #DrainTheSwamp
won the first 2, so yes. Election over

Not for long
I’ll screen shoot and save this tweet for after the 2020 election when he wins again. Let’s see what you will say then. Lol 

Btw didn’t forget Wild Bill won his second term. AFTER being impeached in a much much more morally conservative America then we have today.
Almost like he worked there 
I'm shocked!
Anti-Trump protesters pepper spray children at Trump rally, Hillary is responsible for this hate
r u saying #DrainTheSwamp cuz DC is built on a swamp? I dont think ur base gets it.
Hillary said her base, the democrat voter is stupid, Trump calls his base 'Americans'  See any difference?
.@par3scott @StruzykL @Jonny_R_Hadley @realDonaldTrump Thats why she always talk AT her sheeple, not TO them.

#DrainTheDungInYourBrain
She also Admires Margaret Sanger

WE LET FELONS IN THE WHITEHOUSE ??? Something HAS TO BE DONE FOR THE SAKE OF OUR COUNTRY 
this is why you lose the debates, to busy tweeting instead of prepping for the debate.

YOU MUST BRING THAT UP TONIGHT DONALD !!!! #ChrisWallace #ChrisWallace @KellyannePolls
Very interesting
HILLARY SUPERPAC TRYING TO FRAME ASSANGE!! #FREEJULIAN
OBAMA SHOULD BE KICKED OUT OF THE UNITED STATES. BACK TO KENYA
DISCIPLINE. STAY ON WIKILEAKS INFO. ITS VERY DAMAGING. DO NOT VEER OFF TOPIC. DISCIPLINE, FOCUS, TEMPERAMENT, DISCIPLINE
throw the bitch in jail!
How much manipulation and corruption do you need to see to know the Democratic Party is a fraud
this does not surprise me. What is going on with the Democrats? Corrupt corrupt corrupt!
oh myyy
Corruption goes all the way to the White House! I'm praying you win and save our great nation! #TrumpPence16 #TrumpTrain
Felonious Foot Trafficking in this WH, Donald.
You have gone crazy!
Narcisisstic personality disorder, for sure.
i kno rigt
45 of those listed as visits to POTUS and FLOTUS office!
Are you really surprised that he visited the Obama WH??? I’m not. The WH was criminal central for 8yrs.
He is also in a whole lot of undercover videos describing how they broke the law!!
Good luck tonight Mr. Trump

Seems lots of undesirable people was in obama White House regularly
#AmericanAlfaMaleTRUMP #LockHerUp #draintheDCSWAMP #impeachObama #DNCCLINTONDEMOCRACYTERRORISM
We will stop her ..plz don't let her bait u puviot like last time we are All (millions) praying for you our Voice #MAGA
342 more times than you will be in next four years
He still does.
ONLY PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP  HAS THE ABILITY TO UNEARTH THE SLEAZIEST SWAMP MONSTERS  THAT HAVE EVER EXISTED IN OUR GOVERNMENT TO DATE

Trump's deep history in the slime: Mafia, Russian mob, violent felons, grifters, swindlers, drug dealers. @DavidCayJ http://thebea.st/2eGiYMJ  
The Crap is Oozing Out A little at at time Lets keep up the Good work In finding Treason Money reasons Being Sold cold
Can't wait to watch you stumbling & sniffling your way around the stage as Hillary finishes you off like a wounded animal.
It is the party of felones, crooks and con-men.
Obama manufactured false outrage. Fake protests using homeless & mentally ill turning Americans against each other #traitor
BRO STOP TALKING ABOUT OTHER PEOPLE AND START ARGUING FOR YOURSELF THIS IS NOT HOW YOU WIN AN ELECTION STEP IT UP
They've "Got Friends in Low Places!"
Well probably felt right at home
All this Proof of the lefts criminal activity and people still refuse to hear it and understand Trump is for the American people.
Is it really THAT unbelievable?  Its the Obama's and the Clinton's!!!
please permit us raising national defense policies' tier. from US protectorate Japan. We gradually make up our minds.
He was caught , so did he get arrested and sent to jail? 
Lord they are all criminals!!
Tonight is your chance you have to spell it out let America hear from you ! Don't candy coat it be who you are!
OK, bring it up then drop it...stick to the ISSUES the AMERICANS NEED FROM YOU
All these people that think that Obama was the greatest should be ashamed. Disgusting how this woman can be so evil and Obama was involved.
Voters I D. Is a must do!!   For all USA votes
UNREAL! How CORRUPT ARE the Democrats?? Seriously Do the DEMS NOT do ANYTHING Legally and Above Board?!?!?
How would you like to serve as a troop under a leader who aided in funding ISIS! Thx for nothing!

Don’t know if Gitmo will be big enough for all these corrupt jerks BUT don’t care - just pile them in their 
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moon light?

FOR OUR GRANDCHILDREN'S  SAKE DO SOMETHING
Not going to happen. Sexual predators don't become president. http://ijr.com/2016/10/717180-a-woman-is-now-claiming-trump-raped-her-at-13-years-old-heres-what-you-need-to-know/ … … #debate
this woman is non sense and a distraction follow the money
Reminders.

"These hands clean the rooms... for Mr. Trump so he can be rich." Meet the Trump workers who are not voting for him http://cnn.it/2ev9twf  



He is contracted by DNC & Obama 2carry out illegal activities against Trump campaign. shud b investigated, charged & jailed
Bob Creamer spent 5 months in jail for bank fraud and tax evasion. How does a criminal get clearance into White House 300x?
Bob Creamer, honored at Obama’s Farewell Address, front row, telegraphing how important he is..

There's more evidence that you committed sexual assault than there is of voter fraud or election rigging.
Derp, I so smart.  I parrot talk points just like MSM.
Believable!
Now this "dossier" is 9 million, do you remember when BO the Sicko lost 9 million.  Did we ever find that?
isn't that the same felon who wrote (in prison) the healthcare bill that is known as Obamacare? I think I am right. Media??
Wow! Law Enforcement Officers get fired for associating with felons but not our elected officials???
Here's what's unbelievable! http://www.cleveland.com/tribe/index.ssf/2016/10/cleveland_indians_toronto_blue_51.html#incart_big-photo … #makebaseballgreatagain
Well played @JohnHLammers ! @realDonaldTrump
You mean if we voted for him? Or in 2020? I didn't this time. Maybe 2020 but I'd like to see less tweets/more positive change for ALL 1st.
yeah, that the American way! #whinylittleorangbitch
Creamer says the video was just normal "locker room talk." Nothing more . TOTAL DISASTER! @realDonaldTrump
UNBELIEVABLE!
Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3852710/Clinton-campaign-contractor-caught-voter-fraud-video-sting-felon-visited-White-House-342-times-including-meeting-OVAL-OFFICE-Obama-s-spokesman-won-t-defend-him.html …
cheaters to the left of me, retards to the right, here I am stuck in the middle with you. Hopeless!
should you be preparing? You really wanna blow it a third time?
Teump missed the debate walk through. Out scoring some coke before the debate where Hillary will beat him bad
just arrived with @MELANIATRUMP and they weren't even holding hands. She's afraid of where they've been. @CNN
Hillary shouldn't shake his hand for the same reason!! God knows who he has been griping with his tiny hands!!

Hey, #dirty @realDonaldTrump: that time you tied up and raped that 13-year-old girl...was that a felony?

#debate
#TeenPeeper
#TrumpTapes
or just "locker room talk"....or, just maybe.....Billy Bush made you do it! #whinylittlebitch
What is Obama doing in WH?
BODYBAG #29: John Ashe, head of UN General Assembly faced criminal charges in a federal bribery case DIED OF A HEART ATTACK
"Exactly. Can't wait until November 9!" Condi & I agree. #DJTbatcrapcrazy
. Ship full of rats!
https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/786621209211441152 …
Hell they're All felons. They should all be in prison. them up! Build a prison for them all & name it The Clinton Retreat
and @POTUS says the election CANT be rigged. YEAH RIGHT!
Can you quit ragging on everybody else and tweet about your actual policies, or even better, just STOP TWEETING.  Jesus.
Do not answer her or chris's questions about the lying women.  Switch the topic to voter fraud and rally agitators by dems.
I seriously dont believe you....pinnochio...stop lying
#wrong
C felons.  can u please make sure Melania has body guards and all #Trump women @ debate tonite.  last time this happened.
this is WHAT YOU BEAT HER WITH .FACTS JUST THE FACTS PLEASE .put on your thick skin &skin her alive with her corruption
@AnnCoulter Doesn't this make #Obama directly in charge of terroristic acts against you and your supporters? Arrest!!

Oh you thought she was honest? I am still wondering how a person who cheated so much (Vote Fraud) was given the question to the debate, lost
OBAMA PRESIDENTIAL FELON...THUG FROM CHI..NEVERTHELESS PRES TRUMP LANDSLIDE VICTORY NOV8
#PERFECT LOL
SOP for the dems...
i got my ballot in the mail. I can't wait to vote trump and mail it back!!!!
Nothing ceases to Amaze with clearly corrupt Democrats. Go Trump, bring on real. Hange!
Hopefully soon, all those felons can meet in prison.
@SaveUsall1 ...his alter ego...
White House,Clintons,Media,TV networks - are repulsive. Whole Country praying for you to win the election. #DrainTheSwamp
Twisted people.
Trump has a seat warmer in the audience: Sarah Palin. Hahahahha. Dumb Trump.
Jesus is the Saviour ,but Trump has been chosen by God to make America great again!
#trumpsfuckedup #HillaryClinton #TimKaine  #trump #debatenight
..Mr Trump ask Mrs Clinton if she would trust her husband in the White House! Point out his history& if America can also!
unbelievable!!!
More unbelievable! Dumbass "Billionaire" nominee for Prez sexually assaults women and gets caught bragging about it!
it's believable, but it doesnt later because the Clintons and Obama think they are above everything and everyone.
Tonight Donald, minimuze you time on Hillary's illegal crap. Focus on you policy issues vs hers. You will win on all plans!
I guess they don't do backgrounds on Whitehouse visitors anymore!! Hopefully they will when you run the show!!
He's probably looking for work
your womanizer truth is out
all you Obama/Clinton lovers have an explanation for this?
investigate him fbi
he's part of the "Chicago Machine" along with dirtbags like @RahmEmanuel. Anything for money/power. #scum #prison
The voting machines in 16 states are owned by Soros read drudge report on 18 OCT
I watched the second video and I'm appalled that the Dems are that sleazy at the taxpayers expense!
@PissedOffAnglo They talked about Yoga lessons, golf and Chelsea wedding there, nothing bad!
crooked GOV run by crooked @BarackObama. #crookedhillary will also flush the country. Revolution might be our only hope.
and just imagine @HillaryClinton  alleges Putin is interfering with the election
daily mail is garbage: figures it is your source.
But is the allegation true? We want the truth right?
sure, could be, no clue. Daily Mail is basically a tabloid though.
@Trumparama @POTUS Why would a convicted felon go to the WH over 300 times & meet with Obama 40 times, something smells
if I were you,and she wins,I would validate all the voters to make sure they are alive and legal citizens!
It is sad that this is believable. Please win this election!
Really? Even if true, it doesn't make you, Donald, any less incompetent to be President.
you have no clue how to run this country
In 3 weeks Hillary will be our next President. Then u can go back to ur broken business. Hang tight
please stay on point tonight and give us your policies. We need you leading the country. Don't fall in her evil web
so was he a Reagan appointee. Lots of felons in that administration
Go get her tonight so you can #makeamericagreatagain 
       #MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
       #neverhillary
yeah this is gonna win your sorry ass an elected.
The emails are making me feel the dnc is like a Bourne movie.
WikiLeaks Shows It's Clinton With Russian Financial Ties, Not Trump http://bit.ly/2eeMuFA 
@LBrownKSTP
incredible! Leaving is not enough- he should be put in jail. OBAMA & Hillary prison
destroy  crooked Hillary 
WE LOVE YOU IN ISRAEL..WE LOVE THE U.S.A .BEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD.
has anything been done about it.  Does he get a free pass???

Thanks to MI now for having the most honest election system. It's how you'll get re-elected, voter I.d.& stop the democrats corruption!
Interesting how often these 2 -> 'DNC (HRC)' & 'felon' are intersecting recently.
christians for trump
with our DOJ & @FBI this is OK
we will have to build more prisons to hold all these crooks
Don't let them blame the messenger#ProjectVeritas, #Wikileaks,its the message!
DONALD ATTACK HER POLICIES NOT HER PERSONALITY WE ALLREADY KNOW THAT..YOU WILL WIN QUESTION HER MOTIVES+INTENTS..QUESTIONS
believe it!  Been going on for decades upon decades.
Close friends of the Clintons most dangerous man alive
Obama's giving adult crook classes to middle aged white men
You were caught on audio admitting to sexual assault!

DJT's first state of the union address. It's unbelievable how unbelievably unbelievable I am
disgusting, and there were people injured and killed at some of the staged riots
Your Are Fraud Donnie

Draw attention #debate
@HillaryClinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video visited White House 342 times 
yet he was even when they found out.no votes subtracted,votes redone etc. they let him continue!dead illegal votes!
The Democratic Party is full of bigotry, racial and religious bias!! They are selling lies to America! Latinos 4 TRUMP!
Hi-liar-y wants to control us with her corrupt party and more government. Don't let it happen America! Trump in San DiegoCA
I sent that video to your office three days ago via facebook
Let Hillary destroy herself tonight. Be patient and tactical when you speak.
No.
there are 6 ways to rolll a 7   remind clinton  a craps table has box man   clintons moneys  no good in vegas
and the loser running for President was caught on tape saying he's a celebrity & can do whatever he wants...
We sure hope that person is convicted and charge with that crime. You had a great debate Mr.Trump.
What the!!!!!!!! Go get em Mr Trump!!!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OK6ixvKxw7E …
why did Wallace corner you on thst suspicion, implying you're the 1st w/this concern and that dirty politics isnt real!!
Ur campaign paid convicted fraud to make those videos so ur the fraud isn't that amazing ur a big fat fraud not very smart
Mr. Trump good luck tonight and may God be with you and your words. Go get her.

Thanks for tweeting! I just donated more money to @HillaryClinton! 
Published a book in 2012 about voter irregularities called "The Dead Always Vote Democrat" at
you really think daily mail is a reliable source of information?
The polls scare me. OWN this night, next three weeks and WIN this election!
no it's pretty believable....
Donald Hillary raped me thirty years ago. Please contact me so we can tell the story.... She grabbed my pussy!!
FYI: Sailing is rigged, oil is rig-based, the US military is rigged out, and America's truckers are all big riggers!
Question: why is Patriotic Pepe the first one to reply to every single one of your tweets?
What us antichrist Pence doing on MSNBC.
such a "wonderful" Christian he is
 Yep. Three Wives and two Corinthians!!!  
Act Presidential! Good Luck!!
