Owned by Sheldon Adelson?
everything BuffoonTrump touches turns to looser 's bankruptcy.
Smart choice.  Trump and Pence just make sense
Follow me if you support Trump!
They'll be changing the title to Trump IS President very soon.
lol! Denial isn't a river in Egypt! Teehee!!!
Wow, you're the king of originality. I'm so impressed.
lol. You crack me up with your original thought that trump will be president! 
You crack me up saying TeeHee. Go play now.
no, it's HIGHLARIOUS you think Trump is gonna win! Even Karl Rove says he is gonna lose. He's so far down in the polls! Lol!
When you live on Twitter you miss out on everything else. Get a life
lol. You don't know me. I have a great life in a great country!
you mean "thank you, Sheldon Adelson."
how much did you pay them?
you mean Donald trump for Resident in a mental asylum after you lose, not to a girl, a Woman
vote 4 TRUMP and beat HRC just to see the look on her face as a loser
what is the look on the women's face when Trump grabs pussy?
How much did you have to pay?
Is that one of those free papers you get as you exit Piggly Wiggly?
I am a Democrat and you had me at first then all the negativity and off the rail comments.  More Eastwood.
Well, well, well! That Wharton endorsement ought to roll in ANY day, now! #Momentum
TRAITOR TRUMP: WILL DESTROY AMERICAN DEMOCRACY. WANTS NO 1ST AMENDMENT OR 2ND AMENDMENT. MEGALOMANIC
Duh Donnie, Sheldon Adelson owns the newspaper
Donald trump for jail
DOJ 1973 I don't take a plead or a deal if I didn't do it
puke. I wish I knew how bastardly you come across. #jokesforvotes
Wow!  You finally got ONE paper to endorse you?!?  That's really something.  And they'll be disappointed.
I don't know why you thought you could get away with sex with 13 year old girls. EPSTEIN sex offender
and you think you're going to be immune from corporate influence. Who are you trying to kid!!??
#TrumpWon WE LOVEYOU SIR!!! DONALD J TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT OF USA!! #Nevada4Trump #LasVegasTrump YOU WILL WIN!!!!
shld thank Sheldon, the Vegas water moocher. Btw, Vegas will be a ghost town in twelve years. @reviewjournal
- A ringing endorsement from Sheldon Adelson, said no one ever.
thank god after the election we won't have to see this orange clown again. Go away!!
I TOOK THIS PIC!! #LasVegasTrump #Nevada4Trump WE LOVEYOU SIR!!! DONALD J TRUMP WILL BE PRESIDENT OF THE USA!!! END CORRUPTION VOTE TRUMP 
@EricTrump Highlights Magazine named you Ogre of the year
Thank you for running for president Donald Trump,
lol
16 days until America sticks our proverbial foot up your ass! Better start clenching now.. #TrumpCountdown @realDonaldTrump
A BIGLY foot...?
MESS

s/b tomorrows Trumps unpaid workers.
get your facts before you embarrass yourself any further with laughable & predictable democratic soundbytes.
FACT - Just for 1 - undocumented workers built Trump Tower @ 5.00 per hr.-sometimes not pd. Threatened w/deportation.
nothing Trump did in his lifetime compared to the lies and war crimes Hillary committed over the last 8 years. Get over him.
please win I don't want to live in a country with Hillary Clinton running it
You're a terrible person
and you think hillary is a great person? I think his ideas and plans for U.S.A. are great!!!

Where are those taxes Trump?
nobody gives a damn- that's a Sheldon Adelson paper!
.@realDonaldTrump @reviewjournal When did #SheldonAdelson marry #RoseanneBarr? #Nuts
The paper must be rigged!
.@realDonaldTrump @reviewjournal Pretty sure you meant "thank you Sheldon Adelson,  purchaser of elections"
Supporters appreciation and loyality. Than you, "Las Vegas Review Journal."Congrats All
Only in #Vegas
Dirty orange blob
I wouldn't bet on that!
Can't wait for you to bankrupt them too.
Yes Las Vegas, thank you
fock donald trunph
You're down 7 points in their poll. Is the poll from them rigged against you?
very independent endorsement, is the editorial board really independent of Adelson
review journal is nothing but propaganda from Sheldon Adelson a Old bigot and racist Cancelling subscription
Congratulations
Feels like congratulating a child when they make their first doodie!  @realDonaldTrump @reviewjournal
B/c sugar daddy Sheldon Adelson owns a piece of your campaign & wants to end my right to play online poker.
never read again idiots
LOL, now you have 4 endorsements!
So you have @ScottBaio & 1 other unknown newspaper to support you?That's what you call #pathetic #desperate
is that even a real newspaper??
this paper is owned and manipulated by Sheldon Adelson, Trump donor & far right wing GOP puppeteer
I am ashamed of your endorsement of this psychopath, sociopath & narcissist who is also a sexual predator!
PLUS, THAT EARBUD SHE WAS WEARING IN THE 1ST PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE WAS SOMEONE TELLING HER WHAT TO DO! SHE CHEATED!
You must have good thinking journalists in Las Vegas Review Journal.  Thank you.
- Never heard of them, but now people have. #marketingstrategy
big deal.  The only newspaper endpresmemt this pissant paper owned by your biggest donor.  Won't help you!
please refer to Shel Adelson by name
FINALLY.  What's that? One for 50! Haha. Good thing it's an Adelson owned paper. It's his donation
But hey, at least you got 1
you mean thank you Sheldon Adelson, another rich elite trying to buy an election. Employees are probably sik
Just had to have Sheldon buy you an endorsement. You rich guys sure do help each other out.
.@realDonaldTrump @reviewjournal Umm.. @PeggyMercer @perry46_Shirley Did I share this yet:
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! 
EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president' https://shar.es/1E9NsO  via @reviewjournal
I dont think so --just seeing it, thank you baby for sharing!
the question still remains: why doesn't any major intelectual, artist or paper endorse you? #NotFitForIt
boo.
real leadership ! #MAGA : )
@deb7777s @reviewjournal it's like the coach's kid getting to play quarterback. See what I'm getting at here?
@deb7777s @reviewjournal it only took your biggest donor owning a newspaper to secure an endorsement. Doesn't really count
POLL Trump 67% Poll included equal dem rep indep https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaOoFH8HHrk … 4 the record I predicted 67% 8-2015
lol.  Hahaahaaaaa
the @reviewjournal subscribers are like....
VOTE!!! VOTE!!! VOTE!!! VOTE!!! VOTE!!! NOVEMBER 8th!Tell FRIENDS/FAMILY/NEIGHBORS VOTE!!!
Again... LVRJ owned by far right Sheldon Adelson. The Venetian treats their employees like $hit.
Sheldon Adelson LOL
pfffffft
Finally got ONE large-city paper to endorse trump. Most have not.
Dummy.  Sad
I thought you got endorsed by a major paper, 
they are read by 200K viewers in Vegas,unknown everywhere else
@EricTrump @reviewjournal https://twitter.com/pendejss25/status/790009901812682752 …
Thank you Sheldon! Thanks for buying a newspaper so this loser can have at least ONE endorsement.
ESSE É LOUCO DE PEDRA, COM AMBIÇÃO DO TAMANHO DO MUNDO.ALÉM DE IGNORANTE, GROSSO , E SEM NOÇÃO.
.@realDonaldTrump The article @reviewjournal wrote about my cancer & Obamacare turning me away. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
No. You don't get to call the media crooked then thank a media outlet for its endorsement. Pick a side!
So, this media outlet ISN'T corrupt?
What kind of joke is your newspaper?
Trump
your backer owns it. that does not count.
"Las Vegas Review Journal". Ya got a winner there, Donnie boy. Very impressive. #nytimes
@foxandfriends The Most Revealing Emails from the #Podesta Separated By Category
http://www.savemysweden.com/emails-podestafiles-category-parts-1/ …

BOMBSHELL: Trump admits he tried to get his mistress to have an abortion , Trump now will say Media BIAS its his own voice on tape again 
Ironic use of incestuous given 'ties' with Sheldon Adelson as it supports his misogyny insults & lies #unfit
you forgot to say the papers owner is a GOP donor of yours. You now have maybe 4 papers, Hillary, 40-50!
Wrong
Don, Big surprise, Adelson's paper finally endorsed you. What is surprising is it came so late.
your boy Adelson bought the paper and fired all the actual journalists.
Woo-hoo!!!!!
we are going to Vegas next week to thank them for being brave as trump has been . We will win, what a shock this will be
@candjcanteline @reviewjournal #RestoreAmericanValues #AmericaFirst #Abortions #ChristiansVote #CatholicsVote #LatinosVote
A hand out newspaper given away for free, owned by none other than Sheldon, I thought he was dead, Adelson
Trump is a chump.
The people who work for Trump in Las Vegas are voting for Clinton. Trump bought Chinese steel for his LV property.
clown!
Oh you finally got a single newspaper to endorse you.  That's cute...
Finally, an honest article!
Please, not 1 more word about women's allegations. Stick to and repeatedly hammer each of 100 Day points.
How much did you pay them for that? Pay for Play
#Trump
wow
If you lick Sheldon's butt enough, he'll endorse almost anyone! Even you!
thanks for endorsing an ignorant bigot and sexual predator! Your groped moms must be so proud
One. Only one endorsement. Unprecedented to have zero endorsements from legacy, GOP leaning newspapers
lam a Brit, but all I c is Clinton corruption all over the world for decades!Haiti Africa ETC ETC ETC, bad
That is funny. How much has the papers owner given u? Aldelson doesn't like u, he just wants a Republican.
Iam a Brit! You need TRUMP! Hillarys corrupt , wake up USA  follow the money ! Clinton foundation! Haiti
good luck Donald!! you are the best!!!! http://operline.ru/content/v-mire/aleppo-i-mosul-ochevidnoe-neochevidnoe-infografika.html …
LVRJ must be embarassed to have to do Adelson's bidding like this. a historic dumbshit move.
And yes, this is owned by Sheldon Adelson! What a BS Poll! #NeverTrump #ItsOver
You will always remember your first!
Trump will DEFEND unborn BABIES! Hillary wants taxpayer funded abortion up to the point of delivery. #ChristiansVoteTrump
MUST BE SOME RELATIVE OF YOURS
BenedictDonald, Pravda endorses also. Russia if you're listening. Unfortunate and Unforgivable
Thank you Sheldon for proving once again how much you despise America
Lol...LV Review Journal...now that's a credible newspaper for yah...lol, lol
I'll be sure never to buy that crappy paper...
everything you touch goes bankrupt or just disappears.
Lol
this was great!
Now in Ireland a Christian bakery lost its appeal not to bake a cake. We are losing our beliefs and rights.
@TitoHajduk @reviewjournal yeah but Sheldon Adelson don't count
i am deaf ....sir ji hlll
Cal VETS are ordered to pay back bonuses after they put their life on the line VETS have give money back WTF
Congrats. People don't have to like you but they can't deny how hard you work. Tireless! You deserve it.
Adelson gave you this endorsement. No major papers are supporting someone as disgusting as you.
Everyone knows why the endorsement.  You're not fooling anyone. One old racist white guy, called Sheldon.
Isn't this paper owned by your shady friend?
I guess the paper is used to long-shot, high-stakes gambles....
nice! You can add it to all your other... Wait... No, hang on... Yikes. Awkward.
this man, this:
boycott Las Vegas then... especially Sheldon Adelson's property, he owns the Venetian.
Where are the tax returns?
-Thank you, Sheldon Adelson.  Remind me again how that billionaire-dominated MSM is so hostile to you.
ship has sunk looser
Embarrassing.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! 
EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president' https://shar.es/1E9NsO  via @reviewjournal
Shouldn't that be "Thank you (((Las Vegas Review Journal)))!"??? Just saying....
- Cute. Donald and Sheldon blowing each other.
2 wks ago Texans were down 16 pts to Colts @ 3 min left. They won the game! Never give up.  You will WIN!
You will lose Nevada very bigly#bigly badly!
vote Trump....
"capital" should be "Capitol" #notsmarterthanafifthgrader
8 endorsements vs. 80 for HRC. Great going Adelson
@carlawinston5 @reviewjournal so when you're #PresidentTrump - will you rebuild the #TrumpWhiteHouse heh
@USATODAY Finally a newspaper that nobody's ever heard of had somebody write an editorial in favor of T Rump. Who paid him?
hey, you bought a newspaper, congrats!  now buy morals and intelligence
Well you finally got one. To bad it's a paper owned by your largest donor shame on you!! Your a joke.
