Saturday Night Live is a must see!
massive turnout to vote against you. Sad that you think this is a game Please take your marbles and go home
ABSOLUTELY MR. TRUMP. YOU WILL WINN
Go Trump !!!!! Stop Bonnie and Clyde !
I can get U 43 + 20 million of poorest Americans 2 vote 4 U 63,000,000 ? #DJTCALLLK
no press conference since July 27th what's wrong Donald you afraid of tough ?,stay in your Fox bubble
I really hope your not president of the USA for the sake of Americans and the world.
most Trump minions have no pulse. They are either robots, zombies or sex offenders.
Tax dodger, W Snipes & Lauryn Hill went 2 jail 4 d same crimes. Ur original sin is birtherism. Ur a conman.
Yes, DON'T BELIEVE ANY POLLS is a reassuring message to give your supporter 5 weeks from election! PANICKED
Remind all mothers that their children will have to pay off 20M+ deficit if Hillary is elected.
If elected, Hillary will resign due to health, meet her goals, first woman pres., demo. in control, courts.
Trump lost almost a BILLION DOLLARS! He said he is smart. Doesn't sound very smart to me! He is such a loser! A bigly loser!
So very true,the dishonest media is trying to control the results.
Hillary, hilarious, acted dumb to invade FBI and acts smart to invite voters. Don't get fool again by her.
Ditto. The Polls are rigged, I have not talked to 1 Trump supporter that has been polled. Victory in sight!
oh so we back to polls don't matter again I see lol
you must be in the wrong country. Study US history learn what made us great. Cause Donald Trump. Has it right
What is it? Name the things and name the decade and I can tell you why and for whom it wasn't great!
I am sorry you are lost in the noise. People will always fallow what is easy vs what is the truth of things
In typical Trump Supporter fashion...no straight answer to a direct question. #SmokeNMirrors
it really is just common sense logic  . Never make something easy complex,  it will just waste your time

of voting Rep or Dem, and hope for change. LOL by definition the U.S. is insane. Voting for the same mofos
Isn’t the reason you won’t release your tax returns because your entire ‘I’m a winner’ campaign would be exposed as a lie?
hillary made her money by stealing it from her govnment position. She's a millionaire too
RIGHT! When was the last time Hillary had a job that wasn't leeching off of taxpayers?
Right, Trump creates taxpayers, Hillary creates govt. dependent parasites!
Right, I don't get either. And Trump has paid plenty of taxes.
Hillary wants TPP!!! Bad deal for America folks she lied at debate among all the other lies she told us!!!!
The TPP would be an horrible Trade deal sending millions of Americans out of job.
Hello @realDonaldTrump, Today would be a great day to release your tax returns.

Because he's so well qualified. Lol @robert_kuhle @RobPulseNews @realDonaldTrump

You're entitled to your opinion, but stupid memes will not change mine. Please stop. @robert_kuhle @RobPulseNews @realDonaldTrump
like the titanic not everyone could be saved enjoy the burn when he president lol
And enjoy the execution for treason if you try an "@AmericanMutiny"
we  are just deplorables who are going to rock your liberal world. In ways you have no idea.
sending another donation today supporting the Trump train , keep them off balance Donald we love you
Donald, Donald, Donald... Do you want to know how EVERYBODY in the world is gonna love you? JUST GO AWAY. @trumplican2016
LOL....Poor Trumpkin needs his ego stroked. You still lost debate. You are still unstable. @KellyannePolls
wikileaks can't stop her
really? trump is already over
Who says you? The lame stream media? Ha! Ha! Ha! Just wait Hillary wanta be!
please keep your cool and just say that was 2005
And you have changed like her husband. Stay cool
and a double@bachelors degree please stay focused and don't let sway you!!
We are ALL still behind you!
this young lady should be ur only spokesperson on TV. @brunelldonald. Just WOW!
The Democratic Party is the Party of Holliwood and Wall-Street.
Hillary sold us out. She works for the elite. God bless rich ppl like her.
People raping and beheading women and Cristians are generous to her.
if Hillary has her way, American will look like Libya. She did this.
This country is NOT USA,  this country is absolutely disgusitng and greedy.
so now it's time 2 turn this around. We the people must step up and be heard.
We are losing our jobs and we are getting killed!
that actually raises total tax liability on the lower and lower middle classes.
Hillary is going to Tax the hell out of every body rich and poor. Go back to school.
I've seen his tax plan &ado have the economists. They say it screw the middle class
They charge you more on the things you buy. You see nobody wins when high Taxes are on.
excellent Trump. She'd be in jail was the line of the night.
don't make it your primary focus talk about what you can for change. I am a white women with a Masters degree
hello
Trump is demonize for insulting a woman 20 years ago.
The TPP would allow Big Corporations to take over this country and they would destroy the Local Market.
The Media are a failure. No more Playboy and CNN please
 We want a real Campaign.
This tweet wasn't finished. Meant to read: "These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE in the Russian oligarchy!"
you're the best of the best Mr Trump u got my vote 4sure
To many people do not understand how you will bring back jobs!! Spell it out! HOW??
Be prepared for at least 1 of these dirty tricks every week.Just apologize sincerely &smoke on w/ plans
trump is done he is set to lose in a landslide his brand is funished
turn out for Hilary
American government is funded by the blood, sweat & tears of working families. Sad that we are funding you & Melania too!
can't wait for the investigation into his campaign funds management...
You're the Lord of the Idiots. @trumplican2016
Bleated one of 'illary's sheep.
go to sleep. Putin's having lunch. try him again tomorrow.
Last night was a weekend day in #Moscow. 3am here starts #Putin's new week at 10am
ask yourself this is it patriotic to vote for such an unhinged individual?
.@realdonaldtrump is the ONLY one whom can save Amercia! His wisdom, bravery & honesty are unsurpassed! MY LIFE FOR YOU!
#MAGA #LoveTrump 
Nevermind. 
You know it! You hv an army behind you we believe in u & love you #MAGA #STANDUNITED
There has been a massive Landslide in China.
#CrookedHillary
#ClintonCash
#BimboEruptions
#SickHillary
#MAGA
corruption lie never held real job never a leader saying anything to get votes stealing rights
I'm fighting Cancer and fighting for TRUMP.....Hope to win both fights !!!!!
god bless you Ralph!
vote trump nov. 9th!!
Tuesday Nov. 8 is Election Day, not 9, Shillary Troll
.@winknasmile @realDonaldTrump @trumplican2016 to #maga vote trump nov 9 ... "shillary" that's fresh, u think that up r nah?
People have lost their conscience and will vote for her.:(
lol because trump is a paradigm of morality
Hello! I surrender and accept defeat. What is it that you want?
yes they do, that's exactly what polls do. Loser.
Somehow Trump has had a good end of the week. According to what we see on the News
Doesn’t Trump say you shouldn’t listen to news? Or just when it’s supposedly good for him?
Do I have a choice?
The Mainstream Media had nothing better to do than talk about Alicia Machado for a week.
Hillary Clinton owns the Media to gang up on Trump and protecting her.
We're going to accept hundreds of thousands of Syrian Refugees. It's absurd that we don't talk about it.
hillary will win
guess u don't like ur paycheck4u2give more of it away w/higher taxes face it USA works4special interests DC
The taco bowls at Trump Tower taste like spray tan. #LyinTrump #ClownTrain #BigCheeto
I think your green card expired
Trump is starting to get too evil for me.
GET SOME FOLLOWERS
@trumplican20 this is how the last debate looked like... así lució el último debate. #LyingDonald
Hillary Clinton had a microphone where somebody gave her the answers during the debate.
Yes, and Putin had his hand up Trump's ass, working his tiny hands and pouty little fish lips.
The Deplorables are here to support you, Mr. Trump! #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident
HRC HAS SOOO MANY TARGETS TO HIT. WHY HAVEN'T YOU SHOT YOUR ARROW?
Remembet the key debate term is PIVOT!! You have to turn the moderators question in your favor!! ISSUES!!!

the pulse of a pile of deplorables
YOU HAVE A GROUP OF HAS-BEEN POLITICOS SUPPORTING YOU. LETS SEE YOUR TAX RETURNS
*giggle* @trumplican2016
HE IS THE EPITOME OF THE FOLLOWING WORDS&THE LIVING DEFINTION OF EACH GENIUS,UNIQUE,SPECIAL&DESTINED
please do not release your tax returns.  we beg you Donald  stand tall. be a man.
There Crooked Hillary goes again, trying to get voters to focus on the past because she has nothing!
I Vote Trump Nov 8th 2016
THIS IS TRUMP!
talking to yourself again? You are truly insane
Those who vote for Trump must not have a pulse.They are brain dead.
Stay on message, we don't care about Bill. Don't bait pivot pound her with fact email Benghazi foundation
".@realDonaldTrump YOU CAN'T TRUST CORRUPT #HillaryClinton"  #CNN #AP #FoxNews #Yahoo #Google #CBSNews #Twitter #MSNBC #Trump #Reuters #NBC
Your boys and daughters should be the first to fight on front lines when you start your wars. Wont, cowards
many from trump side now saying, trump has NO cash, only debt. His $3bn is actually Russian finance money
just get back in your basket....and Google his rape charges of a 13 yr old...you'll love it..
STOP FRIGGIN TWEETING. You have my vote no matter what. BUT every time you tweet you lose support!
@HillaryClinton This is Donald's extreme vetting when its convenient. Look the other way if paid $$ @realDonaldTrump http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/trump-rented-manhattan-office-iranian-bank-terror-ties-article-1.2815475 …
The pulse is weak and your BULLSHIT IS MASSIVE!!!
trump is the magnet he encouraged me to start my own business lowering taxes on businesses yeah
Thanks Trumpy for the massive turnout! They'll be voting Hillary, but thanks just the same. You did that.
when Donald Trump says or does something, his voters go along with it no matter what it is SAD http://www.publicpolicypolling.com/ 
Trump can't pay employees, companies, buisness, law suits or taxes he's a welfare millionaire
I can't believe you get away with this. You can fool some of the people some of the time...
You're a Big Crook!!!
Dumb bureaucrats made the tax laws and then try to neener-neener the people using them.
Why is anyone talking about taxes when they all wish they were smart enough to figure out how to pay less?
actually they do.
-DO YOU WANT THE CLINTON'S TO TELL YOU ABOUT GOOD FAMILY VALUES?
yep - don't worry - if the polls say she is up by 3 i figure you are up by 10.   If they don't rig it u win
what people trumpanzee?  Not this "people"
TRUMP HAS FRIENDS EVERYWHERE FROM THE MEGA ROCK LEGEND DEE SNIDER-WHOM WE  ALL LOVE !
just stay on message you got this
"Massive"? No--TREMENDOUS! and HUGE! and not even a little SAD!
AMERICA YOU WANT AWESOME!YOU WANT A MAN OF THE PEOPLE!YOU WANT A REAL CHANGE THATS FOR YOU!THIS!IS!THE!MAN!
. Forget the polls they media Propaganda tools.
not the will of the people, but the will of Hillary and all the fake ballots that will be cast for her.
My sentiments exactly! No scientific poll has factored the crowd at a Trump rally!
Trump may have leaked his own tax pages as a teaser @realDonaldTrump
if you dont study and step up yer debare game. You gone dewd" ! Dont let us down" !
You are so right. People on West side of the PA State are for you Mr. Trump. Ask me
A rough guide to the many scandals of Donald J. Trump http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/09/donald-trump-scandals/474726/?utm_source=atltw …
polls r accurate when showing trump leading but inaccurate when behind
Good thing about ur Presidential run is that America can take a census on how many deplorables r in the US
Dream on
@CNNPolitics  @MSNBC  would he steal pennies off of dead people? Charity 9-11?

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha....

TRUE  NO ONE HAS ASK ME WHO VOTING FOR TRUMP
@DisabledVetsCPX @trumplican2016 well at least you know how to draw a huge crowd
will be in NY just to vote, leaving beautiful CR for NY  well at least is not winter 2016 TRUMP2016
Trump doesn't have a pulse, or the pulse of the people. I don't think he has a heart!
He really is a twat!
Yes! A big turnout + I am sure many conservatives have quit answering any surveys. (Or ...we might lie!)
the pulse of the people will be having a collective heartattack if #ConDon wins. #thatisall #Election2016
huge, massive, humongous... just because you say it doesn't make it so.
start acting more presidential
Do not talk about TAXES talk about HILLARY CORRUPTION and what you will do to keep us SAFE
It will be a great day for TRUMP n Colorado Monday, October 3, 2016.
Or the polling of brand new registered voters!
Trump you are winning! Stay cool!
SO let me get this STRAIGHT..... YOU ARE TELLING YOURSELF HOW GREAT YOU ARE? COO COO 

No, they just measure likely voters. You are falling apart sir. Your daddy made you mean.
do not expect that , please, we want 2b pleasantly surprised by that & not count on it. Prepare in rt. way
tax returns sniff sniff
They also don't measure UNICORN FARTS! so you got that going for you.
that's what they said to Romney in 2012. Ha ha ha #nevertrump #trump #liar #cock
yes sir we will make history people
don't count on that! Stay out of Hillary's comfort zone = the GUTTER! Explain Bill Clinton's tax code...
STATEN ISLAND HAS UR BACK!
#TrumpISISVoters #trumpPorn @realDonaldTrump is a white supremacist tax dodgingliar
The supporters may have a pulse, but clearly have no brains. Just hate filled hearts.
So you'll disavow Cruz's endorsement right?
TOO THIN-SKINNED MR. TRUMP. ANGER CLOUDS YOUR JUDGEMENT.
The polls due register the will of the people. Amazed at how blind your supporters are, even with solid
they certainly don't - except it won't be a win for Trumpty Dumpty - he will lose BIGLY -
America should announce " any illegal that illegally Votes  is Automatic Deportation! No Mercy !!!
THATWOULD BE NICE EXCEPT IT ISOBAMA IN CHARGE AND DEMS AND HILL THAT ARE BRINGING IN TO VOTE
the polls reflect the true will of the people and it's not for lying, thieving Donald
What doesnt seem to register with you is how much many of us despise you. And how determined we are to stop you. #ImWithHer
If you want USA to lose another stupid war , vote Clinton.
Mr. Trump's people have no pulses. All have coded -- no hearts -- no brains. #NOTrump
Please ask Scott Walker to stop the voter suppression in Wisconsin. Since you worry bout voter fraud.
Funny how when he's gaining he quotes the polls but when he's losing they don't matter :P
Don't let him fool you,polls reflect the real thing
I don't know anyone that has ever been polled just saying I would like to hear if anyone else has or not
Prayers for our country, Mr Trump "No weapon formed against you shall prosper". MAGA

the pulse maybe not but the intellect yes.
Do you know the science behind the polls?
Florida locals don't understand what is happening in America. Their mentality doesn't recognize the truth.
Yeah right dream on and you'll WAKE UP in a nightmare on November 9!!
There are many ways to disable the pseudo elected MOB. Take whatever you can, give nothing back.
funny when he was ahead in same polls, his own drum was the loudest!!!
.  Make America Great Again go into exile

your people don't have a pulse ...zombies
snort
Went to Octoberfest today.  So many Trump yard signs were being carried.
the media is trying to bait you on the tax returns ignore them
-@realDonaldTrump @trumplican2016 
Yes, Yes they do.
if  no measure 4 pulse of ppl, then how do u know what it is ? Oh, u make it up. ROFL  & who u quoting ?
under estimating your opponent! Smh! Delusional fool! 
#nevertrump
totally agree. The turn outs are massive compared to Clintons
WE ARE WITH YOU..

I guess the polls aren't working for you so much anymore
Just show us YOUR tax returns#TaxReturns#Trump#Transparency#BSArtist#DumpTrump #KingOfDebt#Liar#Bigly#Hypocrite#Genius
How in the world does someone lose a billion dollars in 1 year?  Loser.
Crowds don't mean anything itsTurnout who's people come to the polls
Everyone knows polls were invented to tell people WHAT to think rather than what they ARE thinking.
YES! YOU ARE TRUMP!
you have to be kidding me lmfao
if you are enthusiastic about voting I have a poll on my Twitter profile cast a vote and retweet
correction...the pulse of the stupid people who'd eat ur ball cheese if you told them it was good on Fritos
Sir. The clintons deducted their underware. Plz. Remind this trailer trash. How low she has been.
there's a children's book you need to add to your library - The Emperor's New Clothes -
