..im waiting for you to be drug tested....FAIL
Some are more credible than others perhaps, but ALL are consistent w/behavior Trump BOASTED of 4 yrs @Kegan05 @realDonaldTrump @Ster24080753
Please tell which one is credible and exactly how and why
Trump repeatedly bragged of this for decades, so all begin credible. Some may turn out not to be @Ster24080753 @Kegan05 @realDonaldTrump
I'm inclined 2 believe these women..And it's true that most don't report this kind of stuff.
write it's like you knew they in Russia were having usa without even knowing
were hacking.USA NOT having
@jaymohr37 poorly rigged. Very poorly.
no it's not.
yes it is, but to an extent
interesting, you're the first Harry Potter/DJT fan I've seen. What do you mean "yes, but to an extent?"
I understand both candidates have made wrong choices, but I believe some were worse than others. Not getting into an argument
not arguing, was genuinely curious. 
Again, a textbook example of the psychological defense mechanism of projection. Trump uses it a lot.
*cough "grab her by the pussy" *caught on tape and YOU said it…- "nope it's all rigged"
Don: our short-fingered national near-nightmare is almost over. You’ll be back promoting wrasslin’/pageants soon. Have fun.
I think this poor man needs to see a therapist; Obviously Delusional, but a severe case of Paranoia, who will harm others!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
We must not let the media get away with fixing this election. We have the power to stop it. On Nov 8 defeat the elite media
FOCUS ON THE ISSUES.
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
wait you know this sounds like you..saying things that never happened. Wow pot calling kettle black.

crazy crybaby!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
my news pepper. Hacked emails reveal workings of clintons.fbistate house worked to cover up emails for clintons
The voters know this is just the "Clinton machine". It's not the first time they have used these tactics!!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
WHAT THE HELL IS BEING DONE ABOUT THIS? EVERY ONE NEEDS TO CALL THEIR STATE ELECTION BOARD
Proves they cannot win following our laws; WeThePeople and you know that; we must ensure voting voting is secure; CRITICAL
dude you act like a fuckin baby
The power of the press has always been there but now it has turned into the will of the press and its editors/owners= EVIL!
This statement is completely ridiculous.
just ignore them, stand tall, dig your heels in, and go get her, Sir!!!
#WakeUpAmerica Stop worrying at the media, talk about the issues, focus on the issues, there is enough there to down out BS
is a little man
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!

100 years from now HRC will be in history books - You will not even be a footnote.
why don't you just grab them by the pussy??
false you suck
and you're playing the media for months for exposure so once more stuff came out about you you cried foul. It's boring now
they happened!
You r lying.U r putting stories into the news that never happened. U r  expert @projecting all your bad deeds onto others.
get ground game with wiki leaks in every swing state door to door
stay on message what can you do for us? Ignore Hillary & the media
“It must be a pretty picture. You dropping to your knees."
Accusations up until 2013...
we know and that's why we #boycottTV #boycottMSM last week! I don't even know what allegations they are making now 

WAKE UP AMERICA VOTE TRUMP-PENCE 
Everyone who calls oneself "deplorable" while shilling for Trump truly is deplorable.
2 parrots f'ing is glossed over because of ur creepery
Why don't you delete your account and stop being a repetitive idiot like the Liberals you adore. Go Away, you're not wanted!!!!
maturity at its Liberal BEST!!! Grow up.
The Clinton Campaign receive millions from the Islamic State.
Truth hurts? A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote force rampant corruption. FACT
go back on the medication
You mean cocaine?
Yeah, I'm not sure Don really thought out calling for a drug test before the next debate.
He doesn't want a drug test, He just needs to make it LOOK like he wants one.
.@realDonaldTrump again, a rigged election and a lost election are not the same thing
no it's definitely rigged he's roght
oh well then let's have 4 more years or worse of all this.

: This is the dude that blamed a microphone for a poor performance and he tweets THAT quote? LOL!
You don't know much about microphones and the techs that rig them, do you Karen?
@atheist_in_nc mic was 'quiet' &yet ALL heard him sniffing 4 his life... HAHAHA try again
That's right Dina, you could hear him but no one in the room could.
So telling lies is what you mean by "rigging an election"? May I introduce you to...
rigging by making up false negative stories. All the while being propped up by MSM
how do you know they are false? Are the Clinton accusers lying too? You're drinking that Koolaid
DT has been surrounded with thousands of women for 40 yrs and not once has anyone made a claim against him.
because of his disclosure agreements.he is a bully.as a woman cant believe you are backing this sick b**tard

after this recount is over She needs to be put in jail. Full force investigation.
Maybe you should have thought about this before you grabbed those women.
STOOPID LIBS. WHAT LIKE WITH A WEINER OR SOMETHING? MR TRUMP LANDSLIDE VICTORY FORTHCOMING. MAGA
YOU RIGGED IT ASSHOLE, YOU And YOUR MAN PUTIN!!!!!!!
Difficult to read knowing what’s happening next
Heaven on earth. Amen
Wait, umm, but what about Sweden?  #NotMyPresident #TheResistance
You..are not my president.. you don't exist
Not to mention that the machines r rigged. What can we do as Americans to refuse to accept her winning. There is no way she has more voters
you hate the media because they expose the truth about you .. Man up.... Oh and your not good looking . Just a pervert!!
I stopped watching that shit show in the 80's....
that would possibly be true if it wasn't global media, and even your opposition can't be blamed for that, #realworld
THERE IS NOTHING NEW UNDER THE SUN !
BUFFALO. SOLDIER !
that's dangerous talk. Rigged election? Try looking at the polls.
Stop the Rigged Election Show all Moms Grandma's that you will secure Schools Education Futures for Kids Get their Votes

Im a big supporter-your new add with the bombs please don't run it anymore TO FAR TO SCARY
..Klinton Krime Kartel is so evil, they will do anything to win even kill..
when you keep repeating for this you're not meant to be president
You suck.

these assholes try, but Ireland is 20, divorce was over in 2003, filed in 2002, even new '16 report 3yr court bat='05=9 yrs
ok ok its its not not soo real why should We not believe the the the media media
I smell sour grapes
delete your campaign.
Yoy are bully you will not become the President
now you know how Bernie felt lol


like saying "grab em by the pussy"? Liar.
Media: plays recordings of Trump

Trump:  The media is rigging the election
bahahahahahah!
Why issue a C&D to @nytimes after shaming @HillaryClinton about trying to silence sexual assault victims? #ImWithHer
You cry about EVERYTHING.  Hillary never cries.  You are weak.  She is strong.  Proven.
boo hoo
@PolFurn Absolutely #TrumpTrain is,standing firmly behind u. Do this spend 30 seconds on denying and 1 1/2 hrs on #Hillary
so basically it's only true if You say it's true
You truly are not qualified to lead our country in addition to being a whiner #TrumpWhines
#orangehitler is a criminal
@Xantl Social Media & Wikileaks get Truth 2 t People...circumventing t Corrupt Media. @OANN @LouDobbs @oreillyfactor
Focus! Ignore the small stuff; Talk issues! Let the slander die out; Stop talking about yourself; Become The President!
Can a thief kill and go to court and denial he didn't, just to earn freedom without showing proofs of innocense?Noevidence?
media advances false narrative as real news, colludes with HRC & her staff to determine what and when to lie to the public
take your meds, and DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT.
Let me explain. What you are calling "rigged" is you "losing". The majority of people don't want you near the WH.
looser
you're on drugs buddy.
says the guy that presents fake Wikileaks articles as facts.
Sounds ok to ur supporters. Peeps just know too much about u now dude. How deep will u dig?
I call bullshit
@TrumpNV cry some more. U should take a vacation with Cam Newton, and have a contest to see who the bigger baby is.
yep, that's all they can do to counter the truth.
without the media what in the world r u? The I'm rubber yr glue compaign continues
no soul...no spirit=dead
Yeah, right.
We all know it's made up! Focus on the issues! You look bad being so defensive all the time. You're better than this
liar. We know your history with http://women.You  told us. Now these women are corroborating your story & all that bragging u did.
Much of what has hurt your campaign is what you have said publicly at your own events. It is in poor form to blame others.
Kettle...
Meet Pot.
thought you would like this. This is in a town in south Louisiana. We're with you !!
Sounds like your va-jay jay is broke again?!   You should rest and get that fixed!
#RedFaceTrumpStopTakingViaga it makes you look taller and go soft in you head
sour looser
Trump: worst nominee EVER
do what Obama did when media asked for birth cert. "that's a media trap and I'm not playing the game", refused to answer
yea you are delusional
perhaps, you may be off your meds and out of touch with reality orange man!

Have u noticed>Hi lary,on her own,never speaks a word on EMails,Corruption,etc.She's mentally strong.Light breeze rocks u?
Stop the hate discussions and discuss the details of your solutions regarding key issues the US is facing
@HillaryClinton No question Donald is the master whining candidate. Whine, whine, cry, lie, deny the truth, insult women
Dead people vote
yeah, right, everyone telling lies, but not you eh Trump.
Preach it, Donald!
Just tell the truth about Hillary and her agenda! We the American People do not believe the media or there polls!!!
True Mr. Trump but our great God, VP Candidate Mike Pence and your true supporters are with you. Praying for you.
a sure sign of being a loser is to blame everyone else for you losing.
hahahahahahaha
your actions would have nothing to do with it.  It's the media, ok
@RickyRapsFL war tack. Silent but deadly  trump get in camera expose truth last min. That way Obama thinks u gave up
Don't worry about that America knows they are croocked. Stay on message.
trying to undermine democracy & inspire violence with lies is treason. you should resign, save yourself further disgrace.
only way to get message to undecided are ads; media & HRC won't change, Feed them policies you'ill do to MAGA; HRC disaster
dt, this comment is your diversion (again) 2 u printing false stories about HC. its 1 of your tells SILLY #DJTbatcrapcrazy
everything is rigged.  How does it feel to be a loser.  Can u stand it.  It's over.
Someone get this guy some tissues...
Pay no attention to that man who loves the man behind the iron curtain. @realDonaldTrump #tRump #pence #PresidentHillary #DNC #WizardOfOz
The Grand Wizard of Ooze combs his hair slightly different now. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWyCCJ6B2WE … @realDonaldTrump  #tRump #PresidentHillary #DNC #rnc
Why does #tRump want to draw attention to what he’s doing to himself behind the curtain? @realDonaldTrump #pence #rnc #DNC #PresidentHillary
Mr.Trump stay focused on the real issues, your upcoming Debate with HRC.We're with you.Don't worry about us.Kick her Ass !!
@HillaryClinton best way to protest against Hillary, is for you to have a press conference and drop from the race. Agree?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yO_U9p2xuM4 … Please share this video.
/ Thanks for your participation 
Next time you must remember that in any election trough the entire world, occurs the same
Mr. President, This "under the skin" election WILL indicate the Path to a Great America ... Again.! God bless you.
They ran stories of women saying you did exactly what you bragged about doing on tape. Stop talking or Hillary will be Prez
Until Trump is President he is entitled to privately say whatever he pleases.It does not prevent him from keepin us safe
the election isn't being rigged, ur just losing 
...Go grassroot Donald, you dont need media!
What about stories that did happen, like your ties to folks in w/Russian mafia, drugs, and human trafficking?
Time to start claiming victory. Show strength and humility for short-falls. Don't focus on cheating press. Focus on VOTES.
well maybe if you didn't grab women by the pussy... #justsaying
you lost stop crying
Hey Donald, quit being such a whiner.
We your supporters see this Mr.Trump. Rise above  show your able to continue W/ the matters that truly are important. WIN!
Such an unpatriotic liar. #CrookedDonald
Donnie, donnie, Donnie. You're making it worse for yourself. Just go quietly.
So i guess actual proof isn't good enough? Do they need your stamp of approval or something?
They happened Lying Trump, and you are their main witness!
BS
THEY VET STORIES ABOUT REPUBLICANS AS WELL AS THEY VET TERRORISTS ENTERING THE COUNTRY AMONG THE REFUGEES.
dude, this the general election. Not the primaries. Change your strategy.

