Nothing says powerful leadership like a Republican campaigning in AZ 10 days before election. SAD! @realDonaldTrump
THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100 days! #DrainTheSwamp 
AZ loves you and you will win this state!!!
.@melzer2010 Only the poorly educated love me. I hate to tell you. Not enough of you to win Arizona. SAD! #ClownTrain
only you would think that. DENALD. Az always red....keep your vote for your criminal please!!!
A guy who admits to grabbing women by the p****, wouldn't b guilty of rape. Right! Denial!
look the both are a double standard. Both have unjust on their side. Cases would be in the news. He can't sneeze
Not true. In Europe we get the facts. Trump's attorney, Cohen threatened all Media!
well, that's Europe and not facts and as smart as I think you are, why would you fall for this. Your judgement!
first 100 days? 1) Concentration camps 2) deportation trains 3) backstreet abortions 4) unchecked misogyny 5) lynchings ...
Only 1 of the 2 candidates is not the subject of an FBI criminal investigation. Hillary's first 100 would include impeachment.
that's not actually true. But hey - Santa Claus is real too.
It's far closer to reality than your "1) Concentration camps 2) deportation trains 3) backstreet abortions"... etc. Bullshit.
there are actually his policy positions plus his actual track record.
Your opinion doesn't count as you are not an American & can not vote in our election.
my opinion counts because your Trump fuckwit will nuke other countries. Just like Bush invasion ratcheted up terror all over world
If you can't vote your opinion is meaningless. Reasonable people won't vote for a person being criminally investigated by FBI
that makes her a horrible person. She takes advantage and cares nothing about her power!
Failing @realDonaldTrump blew an election that should have never been lost. Not good!
u just voted for hitler man
if stop illegal immigration(again ILLEGAL) is racism for you.. Dude you are ignorant and sorry but you're crazy!!
it's not just Mexico.he wanted all Muslims banned.dont u recall?hitler started that
Areas related with ISIS dude.. (Fair) Not Muslims at all.. By the way, the prejudice comes exactly from you..
u forgot trump wanted all Muslims banned then flipped when told how stupid it was by his campaign
Not hard to imagine Just polishing up my jackboots and ironing my brown shirt will u be providing arm bands?
blow up the world, start WW3 and get impeached for raping a little girl
video of Hillary getting off plane she is dragging her feet . If she had to walk any further they would have to hold her up
nice to know you not only hate mexicans and all muslims YOU HATE JEWS TOO, so KKK really in charge now
- This is coming soon! Corruption is defeated by law and order  #SignsAtTheGatesOfHell
Our Pres sez he is glad. Dems R N charge if the voting machines like he tells illegals to vote as we can't catch them
Hillary will crush you @realDonaldTrump
It's over von Clownstick, it's over!  @realDonaldTrump
Please help those on SOCIAL Security. There hasnt been a raise in years.  My heat bill was $600. In Montana its 12 degrees
if there is justice you will be in jail

That's the problem. With you it could be thermo nuclear war.
What a coward. You can't handle the truth!
Great speech  Next President of the United States.
you are a total tool!
So to recap, your first 100 days was a complete failure.
A common sense approach to governing. How refreshing - states rights rule.! 10th amendment supremacy clause.!
tiny, tiny hands
Well Trump said that the first thing he wants to do is sue everyone! That is most important to him!
I think all the people you stiffed over the years should file a class action suit against  you!  #Drain the Trump.
Guess we'll have to imagine it, since nothings happening here on planet earth. Wait, you've decided 1st hundred days is ridiculous anyway.
I couldn't help myself...i can always dig up an old @realDonaldTrump tweet that shows what a lying hypocrite he is 
His tweets r an endless source of material 4comedians&the resistance. His undereducated/underemployed followers do not care, of course.
His die hard fans are unwilling to educate themselves on the facts, they wont hold him accountable, they believe only what he tells them
But still,  there is hope. Many people now realize that he was full of B.S....i know a lot of ppl that voted for him + now wish they didn't
fat
Te amo my leche 
Te amo my leche.. 
calling for powerful leadership. Does this mean he is dropping out?
watching your biography now. Trump all the way. You have my vote. Awesome family
Based on the first 90+....Looks like NOTHING!
yes we can only imagine the horror of a trump presidency.
Thank God! October surprise finally! 
:Donald , even if Hillary was put in jail, you would not http://win.You  think Hillary being indicted is a winner.
Stop capitalizing random words.

congratulation président good luck and god help you
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
not a whole lot I'd imagine, maybe some groping
please just move to the White House. It is much safer. There's too many ways people can get hurt if you stay in New York.
Trump is winning bigly
umm... no. Sorry.
no what? Are you in favor of crooked government??
I can tell you exactly what they are going to do .... Their going to say "These are duplicates of emal we already have"
...almost 100 days later. Not much apparently outside of sticking our nose in a civil war we weren't a part of. #worstpresidentever
Nothing. You've actually done nothing helpful in your first 100 days, & caused a lot of damage. Basically, a failure as "president", so far.
Welcome to Arizona Pendejo
Excellent speech this evening.


Sexual predator in his own words
In all fairness people he did manage to close the sidewalk in front of the WH and the world knows Mar-a-lago has beautiful cake.
Or not  #SAD
The job turned to be a lot harder than you thought, huh Trumpy? Have your little rally in PA so your base can stroke your inflated ego
Pig
for real. 'Let America be great again'
Yawn. Do you have any new material? It's getting old.
Did you just type that up? Interesting. If that's the case then Hillary says she hates blacks.
trust in the Lord.
You won't have 100 days, or any days, loser. Delete your account.
http://www.msn.com/en-us/video/other/who-is-behind-rape-lawsuits-against-donald-trump/vp-BBu2AYz …
SEXIST PIG
Oh you must have been confused. He is not Bill. Also, prove he did anything. Oh, you can't. Grow up.
Jack squat!! Washington is eating you alive and apparently you're eating everything in sight!
Your the new worse richer swamp lol #electoralpresident #stopblaming everyoneanddoyourjob #respectworldwidelostbecauseofu
We live in Lake Park Ga and I receive a disability check but the SSI has taken my husband's check they say he made too much
see you in court 11/28/16 Trump U Scam 12/16/16 to answer for RAPING 13 year old girl. Then orange jumpsuit. #NeverTrump
Aaaa.. Zero!
Hey, remember when you said THIS? We do! First 100 days wasn't ridiculous on the campaign trail, was it? Hypocrite.
There you go again...
Better grab your pussy Donny boy, the end is near. #nochance
This is a great movement! 
Outside of what? He's just the other side of the politician/businessman coin.
wouldn't it be cool if real life was some fairytale where there was a black-and-white answer to everything
We are grateful that you're running and you're going to save the United States from the debauchery that is Hillary
God bless you. I hope you get the help you need.
wow big rally for Hillary in Daytona FL. See the capacity sign by door where crooked leaves her rally. TRUMP1
Where are your tax returns, @realDonaldTrump ?
Tax returns are protected by the Privacy Act of 1974. There is no legal requirement to provide them.
This ugliness today, this breakdown of decency, this hatred...it's on you, you stoked it:
Guy chants "Jew-S-A" in front of press pen 
@NYTnickc To be fair, Hillary started with the smear campaign, same as she has for 30+ years.
to be fair, what you say doesn't make any sense.

Yet only one of the 2 candidates is not the subject of an FBI criminal investigation.
#makeamericagreatagain GREAT rally! Big attendance!!
Two votes for you today in South Texas, Mr. Trump. Praying to our Lord and Savior you can make America Great again!
Yeah, your Phoenix crowd was great. "Jew-S-A?" Do we need to fear concentration camps if you win?
@kupajo322 we voted yesterday you are our hope! God bless you and Mr.  Pence!God bless America!
God bless you! Have a wonderful day on the Trump Train!
yes imagine...maybe u can build 50 concentration camps for non haters n minorities in first 100 days!!!arent u excited ?!?!

Not a thing you do not have a plan
no more insanely unreasonable increases 2health insurance premiums. Obamacare has 2 go. @arizona @Suns @AZCardinals @Dbacks
mass suicide?
Do you believe the lies you are telling these people? Do you think they believe they'll be sitting in the oval office?


#RazorWireCamps!
Go trump
leadership: deadbeat - liar - womanizer, Groper, Don't vote for this phony man. He lies and believes his lies.
VOTE AGAINST DONALD TRUMP!
Vote for #RapeyBill's human shield #Killary Ask one of their victim's @atensnut about her program of intimidation.

Hillary is the candidate of lies corruption and decline!
@TeamTrump https://youtu.be/xV6ov-7wv5E 

"The Signs R Clear" #PresidentTrump 
☆Get ready you earned it☆

God Bless You & Family!
I was there!

You have my vote, and so does Sheriff Joe.

#DrainTheSwamp #PodestaEmails23 #MAGA
Check out @usweekly's Tweet:
Donald Trump joked that he had "sex" in common with Ivanka in a recently resurfaced interview: http://usm.ag/2eM2tM5  
THANK YOU Mr Trump for ALL your doing for us!!!  We all know the hell you guys have gone thru-respect & admire Ur strength!
what can u achieve....r u an achiever
I enjoyed seeing you here in Phoenix Mr.Trump ! I enjoyed your speech and I wish you success  as you become President!
@FBI Drain the swamp;CLINTON guilty,obstruction of justice, destruc.of evidence, conspiracy,&perjury,what more do you need?
Lol, you must've mistaken Donald Trump for Bill Clinton.  Here's how to differentiate the two; Donald wasn't impeached. 
You obviously do not know history.

I wouldn't even want to work for this lying creep let alone have him pretend to run our country
Actually I can't just the thought of you as President is just wrong in so many ways. Sorry just can't do it
YOU'RE FABULOUS,THANKS FOR SAVING AMERICA!!!!!!GOD BLESS YOUR HEART, STILL WANT TO COME TO THE BALL!!!!!
WE'RE  going   COAST  TO  COAST ,  SIR.
has NO interest N Politics N Diplomacy his only interest is #DONALD he bankrupted his companies what will he do 2 The USA
small crowd

I fart in your general direction.
But you're losing in AZ
Go AZ Go Trump! Never Hillary!
you'll always have my appreciation and full respect. Thanks for being shaking the corrupt system!
You'll be in jail for racketeering and fraud, blowhard
Time for new powerful DNC leadership in AZ. You do not have the ability to lead, only to stir up hate. LOSER!  @Paiyslee
the best man to be our president
In AZ at the Rally, odd no protesters, wonder why?

Still waiting for you to release your taxes and your Foundation records, like your opponent.
WOW @realDonaldTrump Look at the Yuge rally
your done Trump! Breaking News show your emails being audited! Help from Putin and millions in donations!
get ready for your Trump U fraud trial & rape of 13yr old trial. #TurnAZBlue
God bless you sir
you are the swamp.
.@realDonaldTrump Trump: "My terrific supporters threatened the journalists and hanged Hillary in effigy!"
Hillary's blindsided #cartoon #trump #clinton #putin #election #debates  http://kukufffka.livejournal.com/99748.html?utm_source=twsharing&utm_medium=social …
We the People have One Last Chance to let the Media and Corruption know that they do not control us. Vote Trump!!!
Nope
Looks like another bad day according to the polls. Should of been Bush for prez. Seriously Bush would of been a good one.
All of the sudden it's not "I" am the only one who can fix this, it's "We"??? You are just a "poser"!!
And for goodness sake, stick to the TelePrompTer. Can't show the public too much!
Hey Trump are you going to listen to the people I personally have a voice positive change would be using our voices


how about a rat
So "powerful" that he can't maintain concentration for more than 10 minutes at a time?
@rachelgrumbine5 dont win for  racist
can't wait to hear your explanation why you wound up losing Arizona taking down the down ballot with you. You ferret.
It's gonna take you 100 days to get over being Strumped by a woman  lmao...
not nearly as much as hillary will this year.u will be nowhere near the ovaloffice on those days-well at ur failing hotel
Thats alot of people!!
Right On
you won't win buddy, thank god
just wondering how an election can proceed when Hilary appears she should be in prison. She should not even be involved.
wish we could have gone, but our Autistic son has Homecoming tonight. We listened though. We support you!!
Dont forget Jesus Loves you ... Christmass is coming ...
Drain the swap help the poor and vets and give us great insurance!!!!
@TeamTrump
now that's a crowd!
I imagine in your first 100 days you will bankrupt the country and take us into war
or HILLARY...
i know for a fact that donald trump raped and murdered a 11 year old girl in 1990
but not you Donald!
After that he tells folks there is not going to be a wall, no healthcare, can't deport hombres, can't throw Hilly in jail.
please don't come back to this state @quality_sammi
"The Lord is my light and my Salvation; whom shall I fear? The lord is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid"?
Trump accused in NY court of raping underage girl.  Trump fit for president of jail bait club!
yes a 20% reduction in the stock market, a 30% drop in dollar and a 300% spike in rates that will cause a depression.
Remember when the media would interview groups in line and tape the entire turnout they had no opinion. I miss that.
you are the swamp
Accomplish? You won't accomplish anything. You must win first, which you know you won't. #AllegedUnregisteredSexOffender
I see why you want cameras to pan,
You're a psychopath who's a danger to the world. When's your court case, Donald?
I poll watched today as you asked! A rape survivor came to vote against you! https://www.facebook.com/sara.spector.5/posts/1567495809944266 … #imwithher
There are more people who won't vote for the subject of an FBI criminal investigation than rape survivors.
FUCK me OFF TRUMP!
Watch CNN >> ALL BUSINESS - THE ESSENTIAL DONALD TRUMP!!
Trump2016!!!!!
what do u want us to say to u Big man 
Your arrogant will end u badly in this election so please calm down for the best  
@TeamTrump
maybe you'll stay under your rock for more than 100 days
WRONG!
Minnesota has been rally around you too!  Go Trump!  You must WIN! 
See how he treats ordinary folk at @TrumpedMovie just think how he will treat ordinary Americans if he wins
