you did hear about millions of people boycotting all tv programming on 1/20, right? And the Celebrity Apprentice on 1/2?
TRANSLATION: I can't get ANY "A list" celebrities to come 2 the inauguration so I'll have only "has been/d listers" there.
You're such a sad crazy little man. #notmypresident
These artists will not perform for uand now knowing that your inauguration will be shoddy you tweet foolishness
your Nazi friends are probably available
I'll take a ticket I'm a person!
they shit! Nobody wants to come! You r a joke!
EAT A SNICKER!
You won dude. You can't bitch for the next 4 years. Or 2. We'll see.
dont worry libtards got that covered,
Meanwhile, us "people" will be watching the "A" list celebs & tryna forget Nov 8th...but there ain't enough alcohol in the world...
The real people of this country are with you Sir, not the fake celebrities who never looked at the Constitution.
Ummmm way 2 many A listers showed up for Hillary FREE.No tixs or tickets is the appropriate word. Go scrabble for a D list.
Do you not realize how stupid and childish you are!  Grow up and become the POTUS!!
Hooray!
can I have a pair Mr Pesident.
You couldn't come up with anything that doesn't sound like a teenage girl crying after the cool kids turned down her party?

@KidRock  play it!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #bornfree
go to bed
haha no-one wants to attend much less perform at ur stolen inauguration and it's bothering you so much you are tweeting.Sad
and we want you Mr. President Elect 
I'm so sure! They don't really care for you! Pathological liar!
.@realDonaldTrump Literally nobody wants tix to the inauguration
Yeah, that's the reason all his rallies were packed out. Because nobody wanted to go.
shut up
it's over baby
they live in a pretend World never done real work in there  life .
Better the prez-elect tweet and be clear than waste a fake news press conf with ABC, CBS et al who will twist the message
amen!
how many tix are in a tixs?
lmaoooo, didn't catch that!
dude just stop
Thank you!
i want tix!

Would love 2 B there to cheer u on but can't afford trip.  Know millions will be proudly watching u take oath and praying.
Spreading disinformation once AGAIN. Accept the fact that high-profile individuals do not WANT to attend your inauguration!
indeed I do wish to attend...for webelieve in him.
Gave my oath in 1966, nothing has changed. CCW civilian patriot

Speaking of people, 3 million less of them voted for you than for Hillary.
2 states don't make a president.
yes they fucking do, depolarable, or else swing states wouldn't be a thing
Deplorables can never take an L. You always just pivot to nonsense.
fuck you.
.@realDonaldTrump Baby, if you keep tossing around these vague, self-aggrandizing claims people might start thinking you're full of baloney.
.@realDonaldTrump You and I both know that no real celebrity would be caught dead cheering you on, but you need to be okay with that, angel.
Libs & SJWs still throwing tantrums 6 weeks in...
You need to get laid, bro.
Bess, you always have something in your mouth
lol
*ticks
For you its *dicks
How dare you talk about your MAGA PEOTUS like that. That was rude!
Getting your kicks from trolling is pretty low. Even for a liberal.
wait - Trump is famous for trolling. Example1 - Lock her up, lock her up! = Hillary is terrific!
Na, we should still lock her up.
well if we should lock her up, then we still need to lock her up, right?
 when he couldn't get decent entertainers or star power
haha! This is fake news
...and it looks like a couple hundred showed up. Good for you, Donny. Its not one for the history books like Obama, but ok!
YEAH, THE PEOPLE WANT YOU TOO TRUMP.  ..FOR TREASON!
You're doing a great job president Trump....
PUTA MRD VENGO TE SU SUBSCRIPTOR lEONEL NAVÍA PUTA SOS
Go to http://www.islam.info.tm   Read  The Inclinations Of Islam
Bowwow needs to be picked up by federal marshals and put in jail for what he said about the first lady
OPPS, BOY WAS I WRONG.  DUMP TRUMP..
What a dreadful role model you and your family are for our young people.  Egotism and narcissism control you.
Kind of funny how the "people" didn't show up
Dear Mr. President,
What's he saying there?
-Well, you didn't get THE PEOPLE! The people marched on the Mall on Saturday, January 21st!
@JL02048628 If you really want "the people", watch the Roosevelt documentary by Ken Burns and mimic FDR. Most loved Pres.
#KenBurns =
supporter for #Democrats
w/ almost $40,000 in political donations.
And he won't he be biased? 
Burns has some of the most comprehensive documentaries available on US history. He's an American!
I'll give you that.
One question. Does he
remain unbiased throughout
production whilst being a #Democrat?
He is a historian first and he has other historians doing research for the most comprehensive production.
So.
He's a
historian 1st
and has no problem
shelving any political leaning s he may have?
A Saint perhaps? 
I've never met anyone in my entire life without some type of bias.
It's called being human or 'mortal'.
I can tell by your postings that you are not too fond of liberal thinking people. I can still have respect.
......nothing further need to be said ....
my daughter is going to the Trump inauguration. She is so excited. She wishes that she could sing for President Trump
BTW, Hillary is one of "the People".
AND Hillary Rodham Clinton wasn't born with a silver spoon in her mouth either. Regardless, #RESISTANCE
.@realDonaldTrump The Village People?

give us names
@CarolHello1 I would love a ticket.  Too bad all the hotel rooms are gone
# You really must live in a different planet
The tickets go to billionaires most of who are not celebrities The common folk are not coming to an A Jackson inauguration.
good morning
I would be honored to be there but will indeed be their in spirit. So EXCITED! This is hope and change I can get behind. 
Seig Heil! Gloria!
#DonnieTwoTimes
who are you
Don't mind the two faced losers
 All them naked so called celebrities we don't need them
Clebraties are spoiled children that do not grow up, they don't know what it is to go out in the World and have a real job
I need a pair as well! I voted for you though! Please!  
--get the peoples red white & true blue american
 Kid Rock
What A listers? B and C listers maybe
most A list are in Layla land! Don't know anything about real people!
My question is what have they done for your campaign and more so what have they done for America?
can anyone go to the inauguration? Or do we need tixs?
What else CAN you say? Good cover...but mediocrity begets mediocrity; perhaps that's too generous a term. 4 yrs? Doubtful.
YOU JEALOUS OF HILARY..YOU TALK ABOUT HER SO MUCH U KNOW U CAN'T DO THE JOIN WITHOUT UR MAN PUTIN
this is a complete and utter lie!  Liar in chief!  No one wants to go to an orange buffoon's inauguration party.  Sad day.
Trump - unqualified, tasteless, no humility no dignity. 2.9m more people voted for Hillary for a reason.
So let's see how many celebrities you have there shall we. What have you done America #sad
The A-list wants nothing to do with a pig like you...Wayne Newton is the best you can do? Hahahaha!! #FOOL
maybe it is because no one with any talent or intelligence likes you or what you stand for.
, Supporter of Donald J. Trump, retired CMSgt (E-9) USAF, my wife and I would LOVE to have TIXS. chiefchickafret@aol.com.
I won't watch your shitshow.
please bring this woman
Most of the A list celebrities, as you call them, will be joining the #Resist protests on Inauguration Day
Good to know we shouldn't consider your concert performers A-list
They gave Hillary the popular vote by millions, and standing ovations.
of course the want to be in the limelight. #trumpsupporters would be honored to attend...
haha they want nothing to do with you because they hate you like most americans do silly boy you are with those tiny hands
we need 4 ticketsPlease! All four of have asked and were turned down. I better not find out our MS. Gov.'s them to the rich
Trump is the People's President, chosen by the people, not  Hollywood celebrities, the Dem elite, or the media.
the people do not want you
Prove it, I want to see a detailed list of A list celebrities that wanted tickets. You're stuck with nobody popular. HA HA
what
you should sing the national anthem for respond to these poor in heart. They have no American spirit. Only spirit in blood.
Is that why you wrongly stated Elton John was going to play your inauguration?  #nobodylikesyou #Unpresidented
just go pass out and not wake up. PLEASE.  2016 needs 1 more
heck, get scott baio again! he was quite an entertainment. NOT!
The so called A listers are like Award Wapsi gang in India  just ignore them and choose 
Commoners who will be grateful
Mormon choir singer quits Trump inauguration, compares him to Hitler
http://hill.cm/JnYXfXN 
you're delusional. Gaslighting whack.
I'm still trying to get tickets through my rep & both senators but have heard nothing as of yet, & it's been weeks.
No on wants to attend. NO ONE. No one will be watching it on TV. You are HATED by everyone.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @CNN
U mean they don't want to come to your party cause they're going to Baldwin's!
Marie Osmond has stated she and Donny would perform at the ceremony if asked.
Lol just like taking candy from a child. U gonna unpopular them one by one
liar.  You want them.  The celebs hate you like most Americans
they got her 3 million more votes than you, largest popular vote margin in almost 20 years....Yet were still stuck with you
All absentee votes weren't counted since Trump won the election with a mandate. Usually absentee votes sway Republican anyway.
of all the wonderful people we lost in '16, gone forever. yet youre still here, can we please trade 4 Alan rickman or bowie
no. No they're not. I guarantee you they're not wanting tickets to your shit show
you want the PEOPLE? ha! you want whatever you can get!
#Inauguration2017 #NeverTrump #sourgrapes
you are going to run into a lot of people who will refuse to have anything to do with a president the majority did not want
NO ONE WANTS TO PERFORM FOR YOU LITTLE MAN!
Actors should really focus on their occupations as sadly for them nobody cares what their political views are!!!
Perhaps, they would be great to perform at the Trump Inauguration Ball
ha!  This must be your way of covering for the fact that none of them want anything to do with you!!!
Have you ever thought of going to therapy? Maybe therapy could help you deal with your obnoxious narcissism.
Yes!!! <3
Ja, je moet wel proberen om die énorme stormloop v beroemdheden te vermyden. Hihi stuur ze anders een verkeerde datum ofzo
No one wants to go to your inauguration, with an IQ over 45.
say NO to Hollywood.  The 5 services can entertain at your inaugural balls. It will be supporting the Military
you should fill the seats with anther thousand Christmas trees
I'm just an American & not an "A lister" but would be honored to sing at inauguration!
we've got a winner!
.......you can't GET an A- lister!!!!!
Name one?
It turns out you're wrong and #illegitimate
finally true statesman for our country! Let us get our blessing back!!
I think you believe your poop doesn't stink.
I wont to go. But I'll only be able to watch or listen from afar.
I am a not A list high school teacher...would love to go...
A-list celebrities are members of "the People".
You mean any warm bodies will do. To fill the stadium. Time to tweet about healthcare/jobs/ Inaug not pep rally.
DELETE. YOUR. ACCOUNT.
@marsialynn86 lets move on to real world problem solving
get these guys:
A-list stars preform for A-list presidents, scumbags preform for scumbags.
/   "A" list is made up of condescending, egotistical, 
and self-worshiping; "A for AGNOSTICS"!   Unreachable, untouchable!
the majority of the people didn't vote for you. Still bitter about that, huh?
- he is so insecure!
heard it here first. Open Mic night on Pennsylvanian Ave http://rol.st/2i8L9SH 
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Now THAT's funny. Any A-Listers taking up offer for Ambassadorships yet? #PayToPlay (literally)
No one cares about the hollywood peeps except perhaps the leftist cultists.
I would LOVE 2 attend but I will be celebrating the much awaited departure of @BarackObama like its 1999!!!
there's always ted nugent and kid rock..
to bad 3 million of us don't want you
Hey dude my band will play. We're badass heavy rock. Sorta like Sabbath but way cooler with violins.
Don't worry Mr. President, they just moved from A to Z. They lost all our support, meaning they just lost their livelihoods
Nice dream Donnie
