.@realDonaldTrump PR Stunt, giving huge tax breaks to corporations won't help taxpayers. You understand why they need to pay taxes, oh wait
r u an economics major. Think not
Bunch of out of work liberal socialist troll idiots. Practice spitting into Starbucks customer coffee cups.
Carrier cutting jobs again. So much for Trump's influence.
are you bringing back the 2000 jobs Pence lost? are you bringing back the 20 million jobs that Bush Jr. And the GOP lost?
This problem is broke again donnie.  #amateurhouroftherichandfamous
FACT CHECK @realDonaldTrump A major announcement where 1/2 the jobs at stake are still going to MX?
Obama saved MILLIONS of autoworker jobs.
Obama saved Ford, gm, and Chrysler. They'd be gone if not for him. Ford JIST ANNOUNCED massive layoff a few weeks ago. #factcheck
. @atxsteve17 @realDonaldTrump exactly.
And Carrier now admits that Trump is a lying con artist, they're sending their jobs to Mexico.
How much of my state's tax money went to this, again? Seven million, wasn't it?
Bad deal!
Fail.
Poor Dilutional people what about the 1100 jobs are They on their way to Mexico?
That's awesome!
Let's wait and see all the positive things  our new president, vice president, and their cabinet do for the USA!
as long as gay people can't find jobs I'm cool with it!! #MAGA!!!
great job
congratulations Making America Great!
pentagon responsible for 10% of carrier's Revenue! About time we use leverage America has!!! #MAGA
All Wars Are Bankers' Wars https://youtu.be/5hfEBupAeo4  via @YouTube
I'm not tired of winning yet! #MAGA
Have a safe trip Mr #President
Thank you 
Great, but the news media already stole your thunder on this!
stay out of indy
I love how you are able to "trigger" liberals and send them seeking their safe spaces.
oh! You mean the plant that was never leaving? 
America Loves POTUS Trump!!!
That's awesome! Nobody but you could have helped make that a reality! Thank you, thank you!
Making it great again, one day at a time! 
good job Mr President
which u had nothing to do with

BLACK LIVES MATTER. THATS IT
You would only be an idiot if you didn't seem totally ignorant about the issues. Study up!
Typical statement coming from a white man. lol
Guess what? Your bigotry of white people and titles used against us, just lost the election
When will you announce that you quit? We are waiting. You have lost by over 2 million votes. #SoreLoser #notmypresident
hey. When was the last time America was great?
However we don't want to be embarrassed by our President sounding like a petulant child.
You know what else is a great deal for American workers?  A livable minimum wage.
@tribstar hope its good news
oh that's great!!
please just jump in front of traffic
what do you have to lose dummy
what the Sam Hill is wrong with you people, lol
so I guess you're those sheeple I'm always hearing about... Creepy
i've noticed ppl who often say "sheeple" are in fact sheeple themselves  @ght432000 @realDonaldTrump
DNT COME BACK LOL
from Indiana? I mean we could move the White House there...
Yes the east coast doesnt need his ugly ass
Maybe he will drive the liberals out of California #WeCanOnlyHope
Thank you. My father works in this field and he's elated you did this as #Obama would not have. You are my president! 
but if your father works in "a field" he is screwed
No he's not. He's had a steady career for about 40 years. 
I think you may have misunderstood .... No malice
Ok then what did you mean?
Works in a field... migrant worker... Trumps gonna send them back... Dad's screwed. Get it?
Comrade Donny, we thought you lied and now we see you did. As long as you get good press, who cares about what happens later. #ImpeachTrump
You DUMPED Carrier after you used them 4 publicity. They're losing 500 people. They shld go to Mexico as lst planned. Traitor.
Hey.  I think you need to go back an apologize for lying.
don't get excited, you're not hot enough for him to grope you.
.@realDonaldTrump But only 50% jobs kept? So really, almost 1 wk for u to negotiate 1100 job loss? Just as well u've promised 25M new jobs.
so your saying that losing 2k jobs caused by Obama is better then saving 1k jobs through effort of Don Trump?
News update! Carrier taking jobs to Mexico.
You're a failure.
More lies told by @realDonaldTrump. Now we know those jobs are going to Mexico.
Keep patting yourself on the back. Only you can save the world? Waiting for reality to set in....the end of the honeymoon.
Ermmm, why don't you just stay in China?
and a horrible deal for the taxpayers!
#DonaldTrump: Why We Need To Stop Entertaining His Foolishness | People's Court
Except it's not. Jobs gone.
promised to #MakeChristmasGreatAgain

1000 people in Indiana just found out he keeps his promises
but Indiana taxpayers get screwed
The only greatness is in his expanding girth. Less than 1000 jobs. Obama creates 150x that every quarter. @realDonaldTrump
Do some research chump. You're ignorance is leaking.  @realDonaldTrump
Talk 2 the GOP congress abt low wages. Oh wait @realDonaldTrump wants even LOWER wages! He says they're 2 high! U ppl r idiots!
Tax cuts & trickle down economy never worked & won't now. Ur having trouble w the facts I c.  @realDonaldTrump

yay! He's also a disgusting pig! 

Awesome news on Carrier. Given how our new policies will heat the economy up, we're going to need lots of air conditioners!
terrible pun
and it was one of my better ones (beats: it's pretty *cool* Trump kept Carrier AC production in the US...)
I thought it was a spot-on pun.  Ignore the haters.  They are legion.
Feel free to stop by my house. There is a large wall around the backyard to keep Chihuahua's out
Shit deal for taxpayers and purchasers of Carrier products who are footing the bill! Plus 1000s of jobs still not saved!
how u spent 700,000 of tax payers $$, what u said u would not do like all other dumb politician?? Mmmm crooked who??
u can back from worst of times, keep glass half full, keep heavy security lots of bad people in world ,stay safe buddy
And in the real news, Trump's corporate and family involvement in government CORRUPTION continues.
Great news, right before Christmas!!!
Government let alone president should ever directly insert themselves in a business and its decisions.#Resist#Putinplaybook
I am going to vomit
Not a great deal for Indiana taxpayers. Just encourages more blackmail.
GREAT  we are with you.
Not even in office yet and Making America Great Again
ALREADY WINNING AND HE'S NOT IN OFFICE YET !!!
you didn't have to give or promise them anything? They were just won over by the smile on that orange face of yours?
Then maybe go to Standing Rock, help the People, so it does not become another Flint! Honor our Treaties, please.
but think,neighboring countries not imbalanced with your trip
Great work Mr President.  I can only imagine what the workers in Kentucky and Indiana are thinking...Merry Christmas
we
Don't want Romney
An the people will have to pay for that deal.
VERY WELL DONE. Keep up the GREAT work 
U'LL B TAKING CREDIT 4DOING NOTHING. TRUTH IS  PENCE GAVE CARRIER $700K IN IN. TAXPAYER MONEY 2KEEP THEM THER.
"Great deal for workers?" Bribing the company doesn't make it a great day for workers. Raise the minimum wage instead
General Motors in Lordstown Ohio needs you
#RESIGN
what ur finally brave enough to take some questions in public? U will probably avoid answering them
could you please be more specific? My cousin uses carrier a/c. Is he safe?
- have you brought back YOUR companies from out of the country? Or r u STILL outsourcing AMERICAN JOBS!!
you and your friend @mike_pence ain't shit brah
great news .. my 2cents worth .. either Rudy or Bolton for SoS .. prefer Bolton
.. rudy for Homeland Defense
Mike Pence did a good job keeping Carrier.
You paid them to keep those jobs, it's not sustainable to do this every time it happens for political points.
you already blabbed it lol president tweeter
YES PLEASE GET THAT DONE CAUSE HILLARY WOULDN'T HAD
make America great again
what time? Since I work across from there...may take day off due to the clusterfuck of traffic! And to see you 
You are going to move them all to Pakistan so they can keep their jobs at a lower wage? Great job, FF Von Clownstick!
Unless you reveal the signed documents detailing what the deal involves, no one cares about your announcement
love you
How did the taxpayer make out? Can't wait to see he details of the "deal".
Mr. TRUMP you did a fantastic job on the Carrier situation.  I'm a former USW member.
That was quick... looks like #Trump is already #MakingAmericaGreatAgain. Shout out to all you haters.. you're welcome #MAGA
You have already accomplished more than Barak O did in 8 years for the American worker.  Great job!  Thanks!
pls inform news folks that your millions of illegal votes tweet referred to illegal people voting
You need to influence  the humanitarian issue of DRPL and the originies of USA Donald. The world is watching!
Trump is already Making America Great Again!
Best economic news in 8 years. Your not even POTUS yet. 󾓦 
this dude rocks
God bless you for addressing needs of the"Deplorables"/God's children.Poor Hillary and Obama-they have lost in so many ways
I can't wait til Jan when you're sworn in! Great things are going to happen!
yeah, you take credit for that and what exactly did you give him? Guess we will see some more interesting appointments.
Thank you for keeping your promises to make America Great Again! I know there is much to be done & you will have my prayers
BAT (Build America Together) Tour now - Ford, Carrier, General Electric, Walmart, etc. No time for golf, leave that Ob.
So great thank you!!! So proud of what you are doing!
@DenaldJTrumpJr ... Bribery...the only way Trump makes a deal
Love it President Elect
WOW you are already creating jobs before your inauguration! Lets hope these job creations dun fall under Obama's credit
oh u planning to announce something U have nothing 2 do with as if u created a change lol
change voting regulations , make people show id, stop voter fraud, please don't let the most corupt hilary go Scott free
are you going to do this for everyone?

: nothing you do or say matters:your lies and deceptions remain on the record: we have long memories & active resistance
A top deal for workers that will be repeated across the nation,  in Detroit,  Cleveland,  Pittsburgh.....
Do not trust McCain, Graham and Rubio.  They do not like Trump. They are neocons.
What kind of deal did you give them to stay? No taxes?

guaranteed you gave them a huge tax deal and will do that with every company until we are in massive debt
keep up the great work Donald
Make sure to provide details on the tax cut they will receive. Oh, and who will have to cover the cut. Talk about that.
why not just give that money to the former employees and get them to learn something new that's in demand in the US? 2/2
No big deal. 
Only 1000 jobs. 
President Obama created 178000 jobs last month. What an incredible 
Accomplishment.

that's fantastic.
thank you Mr.  President
Yeah, yeah, I know. . . .  It's only a matter of a few more days 
Hooah! Hooah! More leadership skills in your pinky than our past President of eight years!!!
Spolier alert: "Almost half you guys get to keep your job!  The rest?  You're fired!  I make the best deals. Believe me."
How come Pence didn't step up to save jobs IN HIS OWN STATE #loser
forget media. Continue doing Great Job.
trump "i havent paid federal taxes in 10 yrs. I need a 60% tax cut" trumptards "he is for the working class people like me"
Thank you for your REAL leadership & conducting the art of the deal with this American company that will now stay. Great!
@SarahKSilverman @JuddApatow 

Let me guess?..Carrier AC doesn't have to pay taxes for the next 20 years?
Not very original
About as long as it's been since Trump paid taxes. 
the Indiana plant builds furnaces, I believe the ACs are built in Tennessee
AC's built in TN and... wait for it...MEXICO.
. @realDonaldTrump Don't worry, the machines are still coming, and you can't build a wall. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Pq-S557XQU …
I see you are claiming credit for something else you had nothing to do with again
kızının amcığını yiyim
Terrible deal. 1,300 Carrier jobs still going to Mexico. Only 700 saved by Pence shameless gift of huge tax cuts.
I WOULD LIKE TO THANK YOU FOR TURNING YOUR BACK ON ME JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE,,, BUT YOU WON'T BECAUSE YOU ARE A TRUMP.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CarrierCorp
@smallwebsite
ok.  You too.
This is a fake comment.
@cnn @MSNBC Liberals all upset, they were hoping to have a 1000 more dependent on Government.
All the jobs you CLAIM to have saved will be eliminated due to automation USING the tax breaks you promised! STUPID TRUMP!!
.@realDonaldTrump Are your Trump ties next? Will you now make in America, not overseas?
If they moved no American would buy there products
but not for the taxpayers of Indiana.
CNN the Credibility Nowhere Nuthouse is still trying s hard, to find ways to bash Trump. http://www.jamiepalumbo.com 
have u no shame?! Pence gave them tax payer $ for them to stay!
awesome job! Now lock Crooked Hillary up!
1500 losing their jobs to Mexico. SAD!
and a even better deal for the billionaire owners
black lives don't matter get a job quit being criminals...go trump run the unwanted out of this country Make america great
hell yea!
You can thank the Governor.
I haven't supported you, but I must congratulate you for this. Let's be careful about tariffs leading to inflation
why are u concerned ? You hv no clue how regular people  survive  instead make us all tax excempt like you   We need help
.@realDonaldTrump come say what's up fam lol love u
@ZekeJMiller Probably not a great deal for workers, but great PR for you. Just more corporate welfare Hoosiers will pay for
Historic event—is this the 1st time in history that a PEOTUS has fulfilled an election promise before becoming President?
What's the cost to the tax payers. Corp welfare. Paid Ransom with our money for your ego
keeping jobs in the USA@ Thank you #presidentelecttrump
keep draining the swamp!!  Great Deal for America!
Youfailed bigtime on this, DJ...but sure we'll get the usual spin. What a fraud!
Grow up! Have u no other friends than Fox?
WOW!!! Been wondering whether your efforts to save Carrier were successful!!!!! THANKS, Mr. President-elect!! Golly, Moses!
please stop saying America loves Trump a portion of America loves Trump that is the truth
it's a disgrace to read some of these bad tweets against u, they just don't get it , it was America way to fight back
I hope no one shows up!  Just protesters!
