
hang in there 22 more days and it's all yours.
so. The media is only trustworthy when it agrees with you. You really ARE #putinspuppet
Which Economists? 2 out of 16000?
Your spelling is off again. Hate is not spelled H-O-P-E. It's H-A-T-E.
like it or not snowflakes he's your new potus so hope he does a better job than obummer
Not really. He can't .
This news got me shook m8
lowering taxes to produce a more healthy economy is not something we can afford to do, its something we must do.
yes! We are hopeful!
for impeachment.
keep crying Cheryl
tears of joy on impeachment...
who? Killary?
keep up darlin'... sorry you hadn't heard. Hillary only won popular vote
Killary and her cover ups was not worthy to be President.
barring your grammar, I still can't figure out what the hell you are saying

"I hope these people never find out what a liar I am!" #sketchydonnie
so when you take office you will have big shoes to fill. I know you want to take credit for things you had
Every billionaire is hopeful you will help to make them richer. The rest of us just hope you go away. Anywhere.
'Economists say Trump's economic plan is an impossible blend'
http://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/2016/09/16/economists-say-trump-economic-plan-is-impossible-blend.html …
...and probably saved Twitter
.@realDonaldTrump Seriously tho, why don't you also link to @Fahrenthold's work exposing your foundation as a fraud? Sad!
Nothing wrong with mental illness, but, for example, you wouldn’t want a untreated/untreatable narcoleptic being a pilot.
you’re so insecure. I feel sorry for you Donald.
and your a 
The only thing you're trying to make great is your over inflated EGO and in by enhancing your sense of self importance
that's what people said about hitler at the time
The future for war profiteers and munitions manufacturers looks bright! 
@realDonaldTrump
nice source lmao
ban pesticides...save our honeybees... I am a beekeeper 
Why should we trust someone that can't even be honest about their hair?
he is going to make America great again
isnt this #fakenews  @politico
errare humanum est.
Why are all of your tweets either about praising yourself or insulting others?
i never get tired of seeing this 
omg mine too!!! well, these 2:
ugliest man ever elected to the presidency
hope for what? the economy has been steadily improving since Obama took office. but I didn't expect you to know that either
you are a bright orange Cheeto. If someone touches you, they'll have bright orange Cheeto dust on their hands!
I think it's a typo the word is FRAUD not hope.
Is "egowank" a word? If not it ought to be...
.@realDonaldTrump Will you take credit for this, too? "Largest drop in two months as Wall St. rally loses steam."
Imagine the drop off from Michelle to Melania. That's a steep cliff Donnie!
Michelle didnt do much. She didnt exactly set any bars that cant be easily surpassed.
Snd Your daily reminder that you are a popular vote LOSER! #THERESISTANCE
you are saying you have more people but you still lose...obviously you are the loser.
If you think about it, we are *all* losers under the Trump regime. Some of us just don't know it yet.
yes.  Those of us who don't work and arrogant media.
You don't work? Aww! I'm sure you'll find a job soon. After all, Trump will help you! 
I work usually 70 hours per week and employ 80 ppl. I don't need a job.
you don't know the first thing about me you angry upright troll!  How many people do you employ?
US gave Mexico 430 million in aid in 2013 find out what the hell for and stop it my man
proud of you sir fantastic job
http://www.dailynewsbin.com/opinion/deeply-in-debt-to-russians-donald-trump-may-only-be-running-for-president-to-avoid-bankruptcy/25398/ …
BUILD THAT WALl!!
let him get into office first haha - but yes BUILD THAT WALL!
Yall are late, he already said no wall, and that has nothing to with this.
u guys should be upset that your beautiful wall is now a fence#campaignpromise
well, "news" for them is his Twitter and he didn't post that 

Not even close to the 20 ft tall monster wall he described.
since they have killed so many innocent people in the world
why is the PM of Israel thanking your son Don Jr? Thought he's not involved in your politics? Another lie there Big Don? 
every world leader knows how to play trump... u just gotta say." Trump u r the best" then say what u want him to do
sounds like Obama as well 
This is the worst execution of the, "BUT OBAMA!" strategy I've seen yet.
before election comparisons were okay but post election u can't just by "but hillary" "but obama"
Obama spent 8 years blaming Bush
When exactly?
Make America Fair Again! Defund public housing and food stamps! Make ppl work 4 a living and take care of old and disabled.
You do know most food stamps are used by elderly, children, and our troops and vets, right?! #USNavyMom
you brought hope to ALL AMERICANS!
nice photoshop
for all you know, I'm a housekeeper.  Childish?!  So trump getting butt hurt over a SNL skit is ok?!  His behaviour is normal?
You insecure, little man.
How's he insecure?  He's just quoting what economists say
If he was secure, he would not have to justify himself. He should be working on uniting the country
Have you seen the people on his Twitter feed?  These people will never be united
that's a problem. I refrain from name calling and insults. Will you too? We can try uniting ppl.
That won't make a difference.  Democrats think Trump and his voters are not worthy of respect.
not true. Have I not been respectful to you? Catorgorizing people needs to stop.
You're not most people.  Try saying something positive about Trump sometime and see what responses you get
NO, Obama delivered hope, and you are hoping to ride his coattails. We see through your lies. #DonTheCon #idiot
Trump is Always great you are one the greatest man and keep it up abolish the Muslim from across the world
no, they didnt.  You can't deliver hope because you cannot be believed with all the LIES you tell.
No
Panie Prezydencie zycze wiary i siły.w naszym kraju to samo się dzieję.tylko dlaczego była zimna wojna???
lol no
proud of sir you have done a great job what you said earlier in election campaign you did it beautifully Jay ho
or attempted to, and crashed and burned in the process.
he doesnt diliver hope
Yes Sir. Amen.
dlaczego jest walka  z lewica przecież tego Stany broniły?????
Hope is not delivered by Trump.  He stated that minimum wage was too high.  Oh yeah, he can't be taken literally.

Thank you for all you are doing. Please meet w Native American nations
NOW THERE IS THE REAL HOPE WITH MORE CHANGE  IN AMERICANS' POCKETS!
We are SO EXCITEDfor your inauguration!!

WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU??

during campaign you claim Bernie's followers should joint you.
We await you 2 Show specifics policies that would support it
READ your DAILY BREIFINGS then maybe, you just may understand WHATS GOING ON!
unbelievable they finally said something considerate about you just the beginning America's future we need you
Who is Hope? 
Who did Trump deliver her to? 
Did he grab her pussy too?
@politico
not "hope"  "dope"
- So, finally, a designate to tweet for you? Hello, Kelly Ann - rep for the PIN (pathologically immature narcissist) head?
Hope that all your assets will be seized and you go to prison #Traitor #Treason #FederalPrison #DeportMelania....
and THAT is laughable, you don't have a clue what your doing, history shows all GOP sweeps in government cause recessions.
I agree!! Also, capable of restoring justice, honor, defense, safety and protection for our great nation.
did you even read this article?
patting yourself on the back again? You are a very sick man. Praying for Melania to find freedom from you
90% of my friends are certainly more hopeful. Contrary to what mochell thinks.
Trump, Our account's we're stolen on facebook, we reported few time's, and nothing, nothing, was never done.
But what facebook did do to us, was kicked off of facebook, for the most bazaar reason, that made no since. Please help us
To fight back what facebook has done to many, many, of us, and accused of thing's that we did not say, or do.
facebook accused me of  porn pic's of my own grandchildren, I love my grand kid's and for facebook to accuse me ofsuch thng
...to the Russians
POTUS, COTUS, SOTUS, SCJ, 32 Governors, almost 3/4 of the states. You lost 1054 seats under Obama. Thanks King Obama!
You did read the line under the headline right? You need to deliver on your promises now which you will not do. #traitor
And here you go patting yourself on the back for something you had nothing to do with! Are you a 13 yr. old insecure kid?
lmao. Keep patting yourself on the back
Economists say supply side economics and Trump economic plan are both idiotic. Economists know something.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/12/29/donald-trump-keeps-moving-the-goal-post-for-economic-growth/?utm_term=.5e081f610ddd …
hope again lol. The calling card of the misinformed voter.
true #Trump d only hope 4 all #Americans bound 2 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tremendous!
DJT will give a recession, nuclear proliferation, loss of public lands, acceleration of climate change. NO HOPE
If you hope in one hand and piss in the other, guess which one fills up first?
.@realDonaldTrump @politico #Trump is definitely historical
confidence without an actual reason is why #economic-bubbles form.  #Trump needs is a nice #war to get the economy going.
is a complete ROCKSTAR #Maga 
jokes on all of us!

to horrific ineptitude and blatant disregard for facts or professionalism
This is something plain and simple- investors are delaying profit taking until your inauguration.#OptimistBubble
Nope

you are our hope Trump/Pence
RIGHT ON!
hope to whom?! Oh wait, to Exxon and Russia - my bad 

#traitorNChief
OK, enough about YOU, how about telling others what you've done for the American ppl??
th3 only hope he delivered is the hope that pence will have a attack while you are impeached #treasonoustrump
Y HIT THE RIGHT BUTTON TRUMP "HOPE" EXACTLY WHAT WE NEEDED....THANK YU
we wish you excellent new year and all the best for your lovely inauguration god bless buy twitter company sir
以李纪恒为首的，云南泛亚超级诈骗集团，借用政府公信力，打着为国收储的口号，拉拢名人、央视宣传，以委托受托为诱饵骗取全国22万债权人430亿受托资金赖账不还。受害人水深火热，投诉无门，维权遭打压…微博 http://m.weibo.cn/status/4053303141073982?from=singlemessage&isappinstalled=1 …
despair
EVEN I have HOPE-and I'm crippled. Thank you. 2017 I'm getting back in the saddle again!
Bad economists then. Only hope for 1%. Average American is screwed by u. They voted against own best interests.
Yes, from what I understand, economies are largely psychological. Legalize marijuana. End the Population Control/Genocide
#WRONG! @realDonaldTrump "So even if Hillary had won, I wager to say the market probably would have risen." http://bv.ms/2hrTbUE  via @BV
I'll take truth over hope, thanks. @realDonaldTrump @politico
sad how he grabs the numbers from others and claims them as his own. This clown act is not sustainable
Hope? No, he delivered us to Russia ... dirty traitor.
You are THE man, giving us hope.... just stay the course And everything will be great
you deliver disaster
I just need a house Trump. Can you help me afford a home for myself,  3 kids, and mom in Hixson? Help America Own again!
http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/12/everything-is-still-awesome-214554 … #IBlameObama
only delivered hope to the racist/bigots/misogynists in the US. U gave them the belief that it's ok to be vile. #Nothope
that's fickle without any substance to it continuing once the reality is upon us.  It's all a fantasy for now.
Hope? Please! You're going to fuck us all one way or another.
Which economists? The non-existent ones you can't name or point a finger at. Nobody said that ever about you! #TraitorTrump
What Trump really delivered was the bologna.
@Trump2016DJT Great Tweet! And very true, I have noticed a more positive America with the election of Donald J. Trump.
@ftvoc @politico #Jeremiah1:5 #Eph6:10-20 #3John1:4 #CCOT #Jesus #Raiseourflag #MAGA #Luke8:17 #Psalm24 #Pray4allcities
bullshit, trump will deliver a load of shit for the American people
sb
PRAYING FOR YOU.   WITH GOD ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE.
@LanceSilver1 @politico 
More jobs, fewer available workers, ,labor shortage will force wages up.
Labor surplus, wages down
Instead of just saying the word HOPE 
President Trump actually delivers HOPE!
I believe in a merit based pay scale, where people receive a salary or hourly pay based on their productivity.
And a lot of lies!
hahahaha good luck
Please don't tell me we are going to have to watch you grope yourself whenever your ego is stroked.
#Hurray! 
name them
敬请世界媒体和正义友人关注中国泛亚事件，李纪恒执政云南期间利用政府公信力，抢掠30省市22万家庭430亿血汗钱！微博链接  http://m.weibo.cn/status/4054522530228999?from=singlemessage&isappinstalled=1 …
Bahahahahaha! Yeah right!
Misread, they said you were a DOPE. #BenedictDonald
