September 10 2016, you replied trought twitter to Hillary Clinton because she called your supporters "deplorables"
@DclareDiane Reposting...Real reason Hillary lost! HeresTrump Rally in Cincinnati Ohio after her big lies!
It.....DID.....Hahahaha
can't wait until you move into your new home ♡
"amazing" "hard-working"

i have absolutely nothing to say to you.
She sounds terrible and looks so mean.
At this point, what difference does it make
@Deplorables 
The rigged polls right?
if u r not mentioning real issues in ur tweets,like open borders,jobs, strong military, etc.,u r intellectual lightweights.
Press on DJT; thank u for your courageous offer of public service to middle-class in a nasty hornets nest.Fight on.I vote U
Her view of the United States with focus groups and Deplorables
She's all about the money, not the people.
Why? Your supporters weren't going to vote for her anyway.
because u like to call women pigs
Not as insulting as implying that hard working taxpayers are stupid.
I really wish you'd mention this at the debate - #Deplorables I mean, really?
Another lie and it's the ballot box that gets you elected that's how America chooses
you are certifiable..you have insulted every race, religion, sexual orientation, disabled person and more..you lost!
You have a long and recorded history of insulting women. #debates
Hillary too lol
We are going to learn that aren't we, But in the mean time I can PROMISE you it won't, because SHE told the TRUTH.
if they were already your supporters how is she gonna lose them??
HillaryDefended AsINDEPENDENT lawyerChild RapistThatPut Her InA Coma&TookHerTinyWomb/LookAtHowSmallA6thGraderIs
- It is insulting when Americans agree that people are murdered by American troops abroad.
Hillary mentioned 50% of Trump supporters. Trump accuses 50% of ALL Americans. https://youtu.be/HxJSc7ZH570 
"Oh man, a lady said a mean thing about people I like. Why would she do that? I would never do that to anyone!" - Trump '16
MY FUTURE POTUS,  PARDON ME, BUT, SHE CAN GOOOOO FHS
I think Hillary was too lenient with her words, probably because she knows how to do proper public speeches. – at Labcorp
this is really not new news. She has always used people and looked down on them. They are only now coming out of the fog!
@mollyday15
@JaredWyand Let's hope it does! DC politicians are like some of the buildings you buy, they need 2b gutted & refurbished!
#WakeUpAmerica 🕪
WATCH CLINTON LIES  
https://amp.twimg.com/v/7ae34197-4282-41f4-9452-1ed273205b89 … https://twitter.com/LouDobbs/status/761307030145466369 …
@BorisEP yes,, she is winning!

...and those alt right nut jobs, too!  Thanks for giving them a voice! #stillracist
You're insulting to anyone with a brain
You are a racist!! I know and you know
Shame on her for implying that 50% were deplorable. It's really almost 100% that fit in that basket!

maybe if you were not so horrible to her and her supporters, her supporters wouldn't be horrible to you! Oh wait impossible
Daily you are insulting to the 60% of America that does not support you.   #NeverTrump #dumptrump
well she isnt wrong, youre supported by the KKK what do you expect
it will, but you don't have to tell us. Just keep being presidential.  BO out working for her is deplorable.
I love how when you're right you're really right. She's done. It's a K.O. she's got no reason to be there. Crush her 
@SharylAttkisson it better cost her at the ballot box but @DNC are all truly deplorable and corrupt morally.
they re neither amazing nor hard working. Just a bunch of losers
millions of idiots.
ay but mocking a disabled reporter and throwing shade at a POW isn't insulting because you did it, right?
@MooiachiRios
@latinoeduardo1 @pastormarkburns @immigrant4trump @AnnCoulter @senor51  #KiLLARY4PRISON2016
You need a new word, AMAZING has been overused, even your parrots Pierson, etc. overuse it
really!
how dare she insult people i know you would never omg unbelievable so r00d
She has MS and will not win; it's planned this way, way in advance.
Remind People Reid is using deflection off the failed Nevada Housing & his failed Obamacare Bikk he forced
I want a tee shirt that reads, "Deplorable me"
We have a few on Amazon ! https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01LZHN5ZJ 
Apparently,there's no room for disagreement with fascist Hi lary's policies inasmuch as millions condemned as 'deplorables'
you insult your supporters everyday with your lies and manipulation.
"millions of amazing, hard working people" With a dash of White Supremacists thrown in for good measure. #LoserDonald
STONE BIGOT HRC Condemns>(1)Benghazi Americans,(2)Coal miners,(3)'Deplorables',(4)Is lamophobes(critics of bigoted terror).
STONE BIGOT HRC condemns>(1)Benghazi Americans,(2)Coal miners
(3)'Deplorables',(4)Is lamophobes (critics of bigoted terror)
Sadly,Hi lary's superficiality is getting exposed>her contempt for 'deplorables' and>her stone-heart for Benghazi Americans
Do not let her off the hook.  Relentlessly keep the pressure on.
just like you being elected will cost America every bit of prosperity it has and will destroy the economy #LoserDonald
Lets hope so!!
Wow! So !!! We're the Deplorables ??? What about Clinton's protesters hitting,spitting,these aren't deplorable actions??
Doubt it.
DEPLORABLES ARE ALL DAVID DUKES FOLLOWERS AND THOSE WHO SPEW HORRORS LIKE TRUMP
Trump you are deplorable!Anyone who buys into YOUR hate are deplorable. You areDavid Duke dream come true!
We'll get over it.
But it isn't her fault. #ParkinsonsDisease has caused a dopamine imbalance. – at Chad's House Of Pain
Not gonna cost her jack. Your supporters will still support you. Why should we leave for her telling truth?

Hillarys truth telling wont cost her anything. Bigotry for any reason is deplorable.

You should be insulted to have some as supporters. I would not want my name associated with some of them.
.@realDonaldTrump Get over yourself. You make your supporters look bad.
SHE IS NOT LIKE YOU, QUACK
facts are facts
Donald Trump Attacks African American Pastor Who Cut Off His Political Attacks - PoliticusUSA
https://apple.news/At3wEYXUhSECpXemQ88K-Qg …
As opposed to you calling millions of Americans "rapists"? Really?
you whining about disrespect is the definition of Hypocrisy
HiLIARY's The REAL Racist What she said was so Demeaning MEAN Spirited-To The American People!NEVER HiLIARy-DJT=4 President

@BorisEP Have you not called Americans 50% lazy? Mocked disabilities? You have. Tell truth not lies. If you can!
that's why we need a VOICE Now and your it
http://video.gq.com/watch/176-reasons-donald-trump-shouldn-t-be-president …
Truth hurts. Let's see on November 8th. Your Intl. biz ties are public now be afraid. Be very afraid.
that's a lie
Hillary takes money from countries that kill LGBT HUMANS.  SHE TAKES FROM COUNTRIES THAT KILL AMERICANS. DON'T LET HER IN
I served my country. And believe that is now disqualifed.  That was her real thoughts and feelings.  GO TRUMP !
all the Americans SHE insulted should call their congressman and create. More awareness.  I am sick over these comments.
Oh Donald you know you don't think. #PeopleAreSaying
INDEED. Millions of amazing TAXPAYERS, lest she forgets. @HillaryClinton
You've insulted Latinos, Gays, women, and veterans, while you love the KKK and any kook with a gun.  SO INSULTING.
u were SO INSULTING to anyone who's not a white male, millions of hard working people. I think it'll cost you at the Polls!
she was right.
Sorry but I do not think what she says has a big impact
it won't cost @HillaryClinton the election...your gonna lose @realDonaldTrump
Truth hurts!
let's hope so.  Supporting the word of God makes me deplorable.
she was telling the truth unlike you! All you do is insult people and lie show your tax returns lying Don!
she was just telling it like it is. I thought that was your policy?
Yes it will !! #MAGA
Trump is America's Ahmadinejad

#Trump #USA #Clinton
That's not insulting.
looks like it hasn't
but why else would they support you
yeah past tense ..the moment she opened her purchased lips.
with the help of wiki leaks her polls will go down
Stopped reading when #DontheCon said "I think". Never been his approach before!
you shouldn't "think"..... Too dangerous!


. Your loud mouth is going to cost you the election. Mr. Deplorable
- if your supporters are actually racist, why would you respect them? It's amazing that you don't deny the racism.
@fl_jerry go Trump
@Stonewall_77 @FoxBusiness Why doesn't Fox call D's on the honestly of their Party, they promote Lying @realDonaldTrump
perhaps because neo nazis spew hate at your rallies, white supremacists support you, & people shout racial slurs.
there are videos of your supporters you do not want shown in the media. It is disgusting!

So rich coming from you. The more you insulted, the higher your poll numbers rose. Says a lot about who's supporting you.
YOU ALREADY HAVE WON AND I KNOW U R GETTING THE RIGHT PEOPLE IN PLACE TODO WHAT U DO BEST MALE MONEY FOR OUR COUNTRY VOTE
@Jollarn most of your supporters are republican scum, much like most of her supporters are democratic robots
if you think about it - it has been liberals attacking conservatives, shooting police, rioting, burning cars
if conservatives are scum - what are liberals then?
most conservatives are regressive scum....some liberals are scum. Liberals are overall smarter, no doubt
but if they are more violent than us - how come we are worse? Is mean words worse than violence?
who says liberals are more violent than conservatives? Interesting dichotomy. Must have come from the biased right
it isn't conservatives burning flags, sucker punching liberals, attacking police, rioting, burning cars
if we were more violent, why aren't we being more violent?
HILLARY WILL NOT WIN THIS NOV SHE HAS PROVED SJE WILL NEVER TELL THE TRUTH I REALLY THINK HI
IT WAS A MATTER OF TIME TO AMYWAY AMERICANS R STARTING TO SEE THE REAL LYING, STEALIMG SWEARING, TROWING BIBLE,HITTING BIL
you are a racist like they are
Oh gee, The Master of Insults is passing the blame to a woman,
no it won't because her supporters agree
But it was okay that you called them "poorly educated." What does that say about you????
http://wlos.com/news/local/69-year-old-woman-punched-in-face-outside-rally-by-trump-supporter …

#IsThisDeplorable
U have INSULTED every group around. Everything U accuse her of, U have already done! What a HYPOCRITE! #nevertrump
You bet it will cost her, and I'm one of those "deplorables".  How dare she denagrade those she's called to serve.
the trolls that follow you are deplorable!
LMAO
Mr. Trump, Hillary awakened a Giant, she has no chance.Sorry Bill you lose.
HARD WORKING? guess u never done that anyway  tax stealer, stock exchange dealer
You, yourself are the biggest insult of all time.  Live with it!
See what happens when you don't eat your3 servings of fruit and veg, you're not you when you're hungry. #MakeFoodGreatAgain
you've insulted many more than her...one main reason your not potus material=trash diarrhea mouth
@aaronsrgenus 61k wow!! #trump 
If Trump supporters are indeed bothered, then they are more in favor of #PoliticalCorrectness than they want to admit.
She does seem to be at least half way there.
at least when she said it. She didn't backtrack like you do  when asked about it. What do you say? I didn't say it.
You mean the supporters who did this? http://www.citizen-times.com/story/news/local/2016/09/13/69-year-old-woman-punched-asheville-trump-rally/90301468/ …
as if you really give a damn about anyone other than your puny, bloated self.
you have insulted the rest of the world.
I thought Hillary was just not being PC. Trump is such a hypocrite.
But you and your base really are fucking morons.
Isn't this the same guy who encourages violence against Hillary supporters at his rallies
If insults were disqualifying, you'd have been out of the race the day you announced.
DEATH BLOW Democrats  via @politicususa
