I am terribly sorry about this and disgusted with the people that caused this.
haters dont care about others. all they do is lie, insult, attack or murder who they disagree with, just like nazis.
Your "Wonderful" son can give his own money to St. Judes.  He's worth many millions according to his profile. Wise up!
What makes you think he doesn't! RT @Kegan05: @realDonaldTrump Your "Wonderful" son can give his own money (cont) http://tl.gd/n_1spfjmr 
The Nut never falls far from the TREE. #Trump is a total DirtBag and will never have my support or respect.
His Son was trying to sell access to his Father for one million dollars to be used 4 #ConservationHuntingBS.
thank goodness he won’t be able to handle money...put most of it in family’s pockets anyway!!! ALL TRUMPS ARE HYPOCRITES
How much did children with cancer get from his fundraisers
Children with cancer would receive about the same percentage as Trump’s popularity. Therefore, about 19%.
Well the cat is out of the bag that you scumbags were stealing from these kids.
Eric was STEALING money!!  Typical CORRUPT TRUMP FAMILY!!
The missing Gary Busey - Apprentice connection
I'm saddened by the fact, that when he was raising money for kids,, he proved that it ALL WENT FOR KIDS"!!  The Leftists kill kids! 
Is there anything the Liberals won't do to try to destroy you and your family? Can't they find
A positive purpose?
Are You Serious? God Bless All Your Beautiful & Heart-Giving Families Wonderful work!!! You are All So Appreciated! Thanks
Eric will not be allowed to steal from kids with cancer and you won't be allowed to steal from veterans and the disabled
Huh. So you'll cancel the charity, but not all your lucrative business deals with America's enemies. Weird.
And again, eric can raise all the money he wants for st. Jude. He can't offer access to prez for mill bucks for unnamed charity.
am I wrong but didn't the Clinton's get favors for people staying at the White House?
Not sure why you are jumping in here Mark. I have no desire to argue with you on anything let alone HRC. Congrats on your son's wedding.
thanks. I'm out.
I guess you have never read the constitution
Pimping someone out is still illegal in most states.  If he cares so much then maybe he can find a way to do it legally
whyyy 
.@realDonaldTrump, let's talk about @EricTrump. What happened to #AmericaFirst? Why not hire American, #Trump? https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/virginia-politics/trump-vineyard-seeks-labor-department-approval-to-hire-foreign-workers/2016/12/22/f320bea8-c86a-11e6-8bee-54e800ef2a63_story.html?postshare=9711482506401746&tid=ss_fb&utm_term=.a459566239fb …
the children with cancer which are in your cabinet..
good morning Mr. PEOTUS
Eric looks like a potato.
no need to be rude
Brat Boy always looks like he's ready to trample through you. Probably his New York upbringing
well He's getting done what Obummer couldn't.. HIS FACE HAS CHARACTER... r we in 1St grade?  
and that would be what? Trumpy the clown hasn't done anything
"Daaaaaaad tell them! It's not faaaair!"
(as for me, I'm more worried about the children with cancer who might lose their medical insurance bc of you)
Then you OBVIOUSLY have not done an ounce of research. BEFORE obamacare these children were covered 100%
Obamacare was and is a FORCED unconstitutional program w/ FINES for non submitting. MOST Americans HATE it!
not all kids were covered prior to Obamacare,do your research...It wasn't affordable for parents who both work due 2 pre-existing
and that will be staying
why don't you try giving yourself!
wow
if you're truly concerned about children with cancer, don't gut their healthcare coverage.  #dontsellthepresidency
INSANITY! St. Jude's Hospital is the #1 Charity that everyone should be supporting!  They perform GREAT WORK!
ok
Pence is having u impeached
OMG you make me sick every effing day! You will single handily ruin this country. You are JUST a reality star.
I'm praying for a solution to Eric's situation. Your son's actions are because he loves these children,I believe God cares!
This crazy people are not hurting the Trump family.  Only the poor innocent children.
welcome to being a politician Mr. President Elect
Obamas daughter was smoking weed abd twerking in public but u have a prob with cancer research.. smh
I am not a stupid ass or a blond.. but thanks for playing ..so guess I don't have to shut my mouth
do yourself a favor and go be with big daddy donald in the white house. You can have some fun 1/2
is that Beavis or Butthead.
