creepy clown!!
you mean Pence. I guess your keyboard is typing the wrong name again
he looks like BATMAN, you mental defectives. 
he is a loud mouth moron
he looks like a greedy grinch
Kaine needs 2 stop interrupting or Pence will never get much said. Kaine is showing ~nerves~!

psychopathic #CrazyKaine
Kaine seems like a bully
Kane is rude and does not let pense answer.
OMGosh! Kaine is a weasel and the moderator is a NUT!
He's the Joker!!!
now that's presidential! #NeverTrump
laughing at the violent death of a sovereign leader isn't Presidential either.  #satanbeforehillary
And Trump looks like Clyde from Every which way but loose. Or a smacked ass suckerfish.
Again... you insult people based upon how you perceive their physical  appearance.
you are pathetic!
Yes, the Joker
Pence has already won in my opinion! #goodtemperment
are u sure u want to be president?
idiot
You mean like this...
Yeah  Suckers  DT Got your vote and women
Riddle DT this...............  What does DT have   ZERO
People don't equal talk time.
Listen
being around Evil Hillary kinda rub off on Kaine!
I was thinking Jack Nicholson from The Shining...
and you look like an Orange Barney! !!

@sandi8766 look its Tim Kaine
good lord...just drive it home that YOU FOLLOW THE LAW she DOES NOT
Google "Trump lawsuit". You'll look less stupid when you Tweet.
love TRUMP STILL republicans THINK dems FEEL...HA
If you thought and had 1/2 a brain he wouldn't be in office. God job moron. BTW. How's that wall coming?
I LOVE BEING AMERICAN....again
You embody that image and act it perfectly. Your evil face & demeanour play out crookedness like none other!

Mature.  Really adds to the debate (not).
@EntheosShines @Jnelson52722 @Susiesentinel The hooky batman movies.
grow up little boy

keeping it classy. You're next President or the end of the GOP as you know it #landslide
Kaine is kicking Pence's ass
Hillary looks like the Joker
lol #realDonaldTrump put down your phone
Kaine is like a yapping chihuahua Pence is smooth pit bull who can talk through anyone
It would be great if just once you could say anything of substance.
Tim Kaine played ROBIN!!!
and you look like mr. nice guy??  Do you have any mirrors in your palace???
I'm glad I'm not the only one who thought so!
@maddow @GeorgeTakei  @MMFlint A little reminder of the professionalism of the PEOTUS.  RT so we don't forget!
#MichaelSavage  said with some makeup perfect #freddiekruger
All he is missing is an evil laugh. He comes across extremely rude.
I agree he us really creepy
Is releasing your tax returns your kryptonite?
he did release them.
Nope. Nice try!
Proven Voter Fraud!
Do Hillary supporters realize she is a war criminal who ruined Libya and murdered Gaddafi? LOOK:
@YouTube I think your ninja smothered your sanity. Better have that checked.
Do u like how Hillary lied about genocide in Libya so she could bomb them? Is Libya better off now?
Hillarys Libya genocide charges were false didn't stop her from bombing Libya/murdering Gaddafi
He's the Joker
@TeamTrumpNC @Jnelson52722 @Susiesentinel Mr. Trump, Talk about the newest emails between Hillary,and Oboma. He knew about
Memes are being made tonight!
Keep an eye on what Obama is doing to immigration policy. Remember open borders his goal.
Dr. EVIL with hair. CREEPY.
He looks like a mutant Cajun.
BACK TO POLICIES!!!!! stop perverted SEX talk!!!
Where's Batman when you need him. The Penguin IS BACK.
you look like an orange man with a bad spray tan
. AND YOU LOOK LIKE THE THUG THAT YOU ARE
and you look like a dog! Your point is???
you really want to talk about color of people? Are you a racist?
are you
you're the one that brought up color
cowards don't show their face on twitter go troll someone else coward
go away you're boring

Donald you are such a pig, so shallow!  Man or woman, their looks is your your gage.  So SAD!

@EntheosShines @Jnelson52722 @Susiesentinel ....send in the twin @CNN @nytimes @WSJ @BreitbartNews @wikileaks @seanhannity
@TeamTrumpNC @Jnelson52722 @Susiesentin
you are so presidential! #VPDebate #cantfixstupid
@Tony_Larson @Jnelson52722 @Susiesentinel LOL HE DOES !
You have time for batman movies? Any other favorites?


Can you do anything without bringing up looks? 
pre op or post?

thanks for sharing!
go Mike Pence and Donald Trump
they are



GIF WAR!!!




where can I get a Kaine costume for Comicon?
Better to look like a crook than to actually be one you snake oil selling swindler. Go away.
The Penguin
and you look like Jabba the Hutt!
Careful. Pence just said you don't insult. Which was obviously a lie.
your insult driven campaign is evident in this tweet.
Are you bat s#@t crazy?  What is with you and insulting peoples looks/appearance?
lol, talk about looks? ?
Please stop the insults on looks. It looks unprofessional and it doesn't help us. TRUMP/PENCE 2016!!!!
I would be hard pressed to come up with a more succinct description of Trump himself.
You acting like Pence doesn't look just like the Joker.
Don I think your dad is rolling in his grave, knowing you remain an emotionally immature boy. He didn't raise a man, 2 bad
my, what a presidential comment from a toddler
Presidential .. not.
Yeah! And that comic book villain accused you of running an insult driven campaign. The gall!
if you show me ur tax returns then I will vote for you.

Next you'll say, nanny nanny boo boo, stick your head in do do. 5 year old name calling again
the joker for sure or wait, is that @HillaryClinton
We want a drug test, sniffing! Lol
You can let us see your taxes!
If you were smarter and more tasteful you'd be a Bond villain. But alas, so you're a poor man's Vladimir Putin. Oh well.
So true.  Can't help it, it just true!
@TeamTrumpAZ @Jnelson52722 @Susiesentinel yeeeeeeeeesssssss
Hey man...THATS funny Donald! A crook out of a Batman movie baaaaahahahaha
clearly someone's appearance is all important to you!
trump you do realise that you look like a  muppet right?
and I'm the joker!
have you looked i

or the creepy Machine guy who lived with his mom in 8mm
: and you are proving what Tim Kaine is saying about your insult driven campaign!
you're such a loser. Grow up and act like an adult.
and the writers of BTTF2 literally based their greedy incompetent villain on you, you know that right?
you are a child  #VPDebate
Maybe, but I think they need to check on all these crazy clown sightings. Where was TC?
Take a screen shot. This tweet will be gone by noon.  @realDonaldTrump @Jnelson52722 @Susiesentinel
If Kaine is the evil crook then you are the fricking joker.
really? This is what a Presidential candidate can say about his opponent? Is this the level of ideas? So low mister!
Pence is smug, and over the top facials.....and he's lying.  and wrong
but not a cool Batman villain. More like the one from the 1970s  batman TV show
Yes!! Facial expressions - he reminds me of Jack Nicholson as The Joker!
He looked a lot like the Joker without any makeup
hate his devilish smile.
I think you might be looking in the mirror.

Hillary likes to give away underwear & write them off as charity. She should give him these...
There you go again, insulting someone's looks. HAVE YOU LOOKED IN A MIRROR LATELY?
@TeamTrumpAZ @Jnelson52722 @Susiesentinel #stop
Trump looks like an old fat orange. Most likely will collapse from a heart attack.
#penguine
this tweet at same moment Pence was making statement "TRUMP NOT RUNNING AN INSULT CAMPAIGN"
TIM KAIN IS LIKE EL CHAPO GUZMAN  PARTNERS IN CRIME WITH CROOKED HILLARY!
your man Pence looks like
@RonBasler1 and not even a good movie!
ooh, the one who had his DNA merged with a carrot and a cat? Oh. Right. Sorry. Wrong villain.
Kaine reminds me of used car salesman. Tells u car is perfect & u ride down road parts falling
Don't you mean the horror movie Chucky
And a drunk one at that. <3
Dank Knight! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DQn3Szi4aA …
Trump proving YET AGAIN why he is so fucking UNFIT for any office
You look like a huge orange baby. Why do looks make a difference to candidates?
really
#the joker
http://starsmedia.ign.com/stars/image/article/964/964101/ocd-chip-shreck-20090318042237160-000.jpg …
Lol this is true !! but his voice doesn't match tho :p
And @realDonaldTrump looks like The Joker after a coke binge.

Reminds me of "Smirking Richard" Fowler from Megyn's show.
- Funniest President Ever
Who are you calling creepy Trump?

think he looks like bozo the clown


What an unhinged comment#youaredangerous
AND @GovPenceIN
Like ur mama
Mike Pence was awesome!  I will be proud to have him as our Vice-President!
can't win on substance so he uses childish insults. We all see right thru you, clown.
 @Jnelson52722 @Susiesentinel

Didn't Kaine play in Batman? 2009 edition
You must be talking about the white haired robot lieing over and over for you? Poor guy.
You look like a giant Cheeto.
if Hillary wins and resigns this Kaine is so not Presidential
Another #meangirltweet from @realDonaldTrump
what U see in Kaine is exactly who U are U are broke & want tax payers to get I out of debt
Is that Presidential behavior?
so you must be the Joker. #ImWithThem
Puss, you copied that from my feed. You can't even insult w/o stealing from someone.
Good thing your campaign isn't the name calling/hurling insults farce! SLEAZE BAGS
Stop projecting. We all know you're the Joker
and this is from someone that looks like an orange penguin.
@kayleighmcenany yes my dear this is so presidential.
To me he looks like an adult man who enjoys children more than is socially acceptable. @Jnelson52722 @Susiesentinel
delete your account.
Mike making a rag out of Kaine
actually, Pence IS an evil crook in REALITY!
LOL!!! He does!!
