Because she only had to win small areas to win popular vote while @realDonaldTrump runs to 5 rallies a day in diff states- Hillary won LA&NY
Yea you want to show how the lines are drawn!  The gerrymandering is out of control on both sides.

At least we agree there is 2 Americas.  Not talking North and South. A deeply divided U.S. Sad!
Obama has caused this with the help of media & hollywood, so one is mocked & the other is praised
The hard working independent woman with dignity and grace is desparaged while sluts are worshipped
Like the new presidents wife who posed nude for money!  Oh lets not bring that up...
Nudity is not abnormal especially in Europe but riding a giant hotdog cock and sexualizing infants that's different
.@realDonaldTrump 

You really can't see how pathetic you are?

Goddess help us all.
she couldn't have defended to be an obnoxious racist to get their votes.
"I get by with a little help from my friends" right, Trump? Russian friends who implanted you in WH? Tell @DonaldJTrumpJr & others, thanks!
Russia planted him by showing people how crooked hillary was? this made people not want to vote for her? what a nefarious plot! if only she'd been able to keep her crookedness secret, she would be president right now! Dang you Putin, you crafty devil!
 see how stupid that sounds?
The electoral college is important because it gives each state a chance to have a say in who is President. We are a democratic republic, our founders wanted all of us to have a say. Otherwise, it would be only the major cities that would swing the election.
#could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn’t lose voters, ok? It’s,like, incredible"his words
"I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn’t lose voters, ok? It’s, like, incredible.” Trump
always something different ha trump??yet your supporters are too stubborn or blind to see
yet you've cheated and been married how many times??seen your hypocrisy too many times. I SED RIGHT THROUGH YOU
yeah and you did too you fool, hence why we all hate you. Literally hate.
she dost have the popular vote. it was shown on TV that people where getting people to sign papers it was called cheating
Sorry I didn't count 3 million people on TV signing papers.
yes Donald, becoming president is a game of strategy and having the most Americans want you should never be the goal.

Hillary felt that sleeping and fund raising was more important. She LOST!!
ur point?  R u engaging in deflection yet again?...  rookie.
All the Best
stop talking about her, prosecute her in 2017
Tax returns? Press conference? Divestment update? Extreme vetting for you & administration? Pay for play...already?
Go to your intel briefings, go to your intel briefings, go to your intel briefings, go to your intel briefings.
the word "sophisticated" has nothing to do with you. Zero. The average person fell for your your version of the swamp. Sad!
- Fact is still that most Americans have little respect for you. Poor approval rating! Ridiculous!
how do I say this...Candidates for presidency campaign 4 agendas & plans they want to pursue ... you know like... a vision.
In victory you feel no pleasure, only the sting of perceived wounds. Surprised? Or is this all you have ever known?

Hillary thought she was entitled to and deserved the presidency. She was sadly mistaken. LOL we rocked her world. Oh yeah
Just another billionaire that wants to destroy our democracy for personal gain there god lives under there feet
.@realDonaldTrump Also:
&....
that probably not a real tweet from him
Nope it is, I don't Get On Twitter&Put up Propaganda&Lies thats a Far-Right maybe Far-Left thing
worse, @HillaryClinton is the most corrupt politician to run for president.

AG @SenatorSessions please investigate.
you got help from Russia
@mike_pence 
Crooked Hillary Please! Crooked Hillary focused on Fund Raising!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Crooked Hillary only cares about money! Richest Civil Servant! 
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2016/04/16/politics/sanders-clinton-fundraiser-dollar-bills/index.html?client=safari …
why do you keep harping on this? Don't you have anything better to do?
مرحبا
you won. Get over it.
we are solidly behind you Mr. President-elect. Follow me back.
Actually governing is a hell of a lot harder than either of those. Do you plan of doing it, or whining on Twitter?
exactly,
You lost by almost 3,000,000 votes!
It´s over. You won. Deal with it
omg let it go already and act like a president who wants to focus on moving forward.
Lbarhouch de @realDonaldTrump est en train d'#analyser la défaite de Hillary sur twitter 
.@realDonaldTrump you lost by largest margin of popular vote ever recorded; your EC "win" ranks in lowest one-fifth and it's eating you up
Had a guy argue that a) "landslide" counts cause he exceeded expectations & b) historical comparisons are irrelevant.
Landslide wrong word. 

But all knew from start he had to win OH, FL (BHO won 2x) NC (BHO 1x) plus 1 of true blue PA, MI or WI. 

Ran table.
No doubt he far exceeded expectations. But had media predicted 100 electoral votes and he got 271, that doesn't make a landslide
He got 304 to her 227. 

To anyone who understands Prez elections it was 6 state election of which he needed 4. He won all 6.
I get it, but still doesn't make his margin a landslide. Chop it up if you want, but the totals don't show it.
I think it is more akin to a boxer willing to take puches and be down on all scorecards looking for that one punch and KO'g when he gets it.
1 by 1, #Trump voters are starting 2 realize they were gaslit by a pathological LIAR #draintheswamp
@POTUS Tell your fellow Trump supporters that they reap what they sow. https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/809900218259042304/photo/1pic.twitter.com/CX1D6nYP8N 
There is nothing at all sophisticated or complicated about you.
Be careful  questioning  somebody's love for their country based on their dislike of Trump, it may cut you out of many rational discussions.
Yeah i just figured that out. Too bad.
Maybe, but at least she won the popular vote.
now convince 38 that what you just replied matters.
Nobody wants to perform at Donald Trump’s inauguration :( http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/312114/inauguration-donald-trump-paying-artists-bruno-mars-justin-timberlake/ …
I am sure there are plenty of great preformers. But Trumps here to work not party and waste money like Dems
that's adorable.
Trump  is working for Free! He is not taking his $400,000 a year salary and many of his cabinet members are forgoing salary's
That's not true. He's taking $1 per year.  Lol
Hillary got more votes then any President in history.  You won by a technicality.  What does that say?
something fishy went down. Her poll numbers did not show she was popular. How did she win by so much in CA
Cali is a very heavy Dem state.  Most of her votes came from Cali and NY.  They are 2 of the biggest states in the US.
but by more than any candidate since 1933? More than Obama, more than Reagan. Hillary?
yes...more then Obama and Reagan.  More then Bill also.  She got the most popular votes then any president ever got
and for as hated as she was, let's face it Bernie was the real choice, she pulled off all of that. Smells bad to me
And I do agree...I wish Bernie would have prevailed.  He would have been great for this country.
if Hillary and the DNC hadn't cheated him he would have gone all the way. The DNC should worry about removing super delegate
Yeah, lets just have CA and NY pick the president from now on! all those flyover states aint shit anyway, right? jeezus.
Really those fly over s*** States as you call them elected Donnie John
is it true you tweeted "if you vote for me I will remaster MW2
Dear Santa: Send this guy back to reality TV where his narcissism & diva histrionics are better utilized. Love, the World
He's going to turn the White House into reality TV..Just watch..SAD!
yeah lime sad it was that Obama hung out with Hollywood all the time.
I don't know what you have against limes or why they are sad, but that is irrelevant here.
yeah like how sad it was that Obama hung out with Hollywood all the time.
Aw, shucks. I was still waiting for you to tell me why the limes are sad.
if typos are all we have to worry about the next 8 years I think it's all gonna be just fine.
Maybe u should take after your fearless leader and proof read your tweet before sending it..
You really are this stupid aren’t you? But I support your bid to do away with the electoral college. Your fellow Republicans won’t be, they need it to win... or maybe they just need Putin.
Mr Pres.please rest your case 1mos simply say you mothers and ladies have deprived your husbands and bf's relaxed Sex by being too tired
You lost popular vote but prefer that instead? You prefer to be elected by a system with voter fraud? You are a confused little man.
.@realDonaldTrump 
Still rationalizing your historic loss in popular votes? 48th out of 56 POTUS EC votes isn't a landslide either. 
#Resist
Winning the popular vote and NOT the EV makes you a loser. How about the historic loss of EV by HRC
likes to think you won the unpopular vote, @realDonaldTrump. I'm a glass half-full kind of guy.
What, exactly, would you know about difficulty or sophistication?
congratulations

Unbelievably stupid idea, no matter who suggests it. EC is example 1,000,006 of why the Founding Fathers we’re smarter than the rest of us; it actually gives the individual a voice instead of the mob. It’s ok  to not tweet sometimes, Mr. President.
, the fact is, you lost the popular vote "bigly!" #factsmatter
cool now see if you can get 38 states to care.
- keep up the good work. We are all proud of you.
All of us being the minority that is
You seem to be stuck in a loop Donald. Try resetting yourself by popping the toaster in your bath tonight.
But that won't keep them angry.  That would be more unifying than anything the pumpkin has tweeter.
At least she knows more than you.
if by she you mean Hillary than yes. She knows where the 33k emails went.
It has been proven that there was nothing illegal about the emails however I'm pretty sure sexual assalt is.
if there was nothing illegal about the emails I guess the reports were right that they didn't change the outcome. What assault?
The leaked footage? Remember that? "Grab them by the p----" -Trump
yup I also remember him saying "they let you do it" that's not assault.
Whether it's illegal or not, it's still really rude to talk about women like that.
but you accused him of assault. WTF?
Congrats @realDonaldTrump for getting 304 electoral votes, despite losing the popular vote by 2.8 million! GHWBush won 426 EV though. Sad!
.@realDonaldTrump You didn't think you'd really win, did you Donald? But guess what, now you have to be president!!! Get to work! 
and which president does he have to live up to. The golfer or the cigar abuser?
Himself... his "smart person" "know more than the generals" "make America great again" "YUGE terrific" plans
oh then he's doing fine
LOL
No, you just lied better.
it's about you now, get on with the job! Start doing your homework you're so behind.
You are the polar opposite of sophisticated. Would never b a word I would associate with U #NotMyPresident #ComradeTrumpov
Hillary focused on the people. You focused on the hate and ignorance that exists in the unenlightened and misinformed.
Hillary Clinton couldn't find her butt with both hands and help from a curious waist-high dog.
she didn't concentrate on Russia, you foul smelling, sulfur, cheat.
What is a sulfur?
Google, it's a powerful tool.
More people in this country did not want you to represent us than did.  Live with it.
electors were bought
you won, why focus on this? Don't you have important issues to confront?? Get over it already!!!?
Mr Trump Won get over yourselves .#Never Hillary

more people in the USA hate you and your family than any other presidential family in history....Deal with it
and wrong. You swindled America, that's nothing to be proud of. What a disaster.
the GOP suppressed votes in key states , your pal Putin and Comey rigged the election for you. Cheat to win .
You literally barely won and only because of Russia, Comey and Wikileaks helping you  that's not sophisticated
Congrats to Kelly and all Trump logistical staff. So many voters will never have time off to go to rally, but saw n voted.
Release your tax returns.
I voted for you but enough!   You won..we won...lets go!  This shit makes you look childish!
Hillary focused on America. You focused on Russia.
Rep. Rig. Counties and voting
YOUR #ASHAMED ? Would it be for never considering your other fellow Americans or is it just reserved for you°¿°
no idea what you are saying.  I am for all Americans regardless of race, creed or religion.....trump is not
or apparently you...
Still trying to boost your wounded ego? LMAO. #MostUnpopularPresidentEver.
She focused on the wrong country.  Your comrade in arms Putin & the double agent @FBI Comey is where she should've focused
OPM=Our Planet Peace People Matter 06/07 these wealthy only care about themselves and help caused  trump said was good biz
extremely delusional!
Well the fact is you lost the popular vote by historical numbers...you shouldn't loose sight of that. Time to move on.
Was it hard identifying where angry, racist whites voted?  H won popular vote ( by a LOT) because most ppl are not racist.
Methinks you keep beating this dead horse for way too long. You're a dim bulb.
I agree. You focused on the states where the need was greatest by help people. We support your leadership!
Actually @HillaryClinton didn't focus at all!  Thought the #WhiteHouse was a given...wrong
oh. Arnold? Really? Wow. Hope it's working out. Can you please help us?  Thanks
Hillary focused on the people
Muslims are not Palestinian, Bethlehem is not West Bank [Matt.2:20], a 3-state is not a 2-state.
This was the ENTITLEMENT Drug she and the rest of the Dems were taking. IT FINALLY KILLED THEM!!!
You're a 21 century hostage, but time is working for you. Don't give pardons. They won't be gracious back. It be ur fault
you dont know what your talking about old man.
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult & sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
You'll be my president too, tho I didn't vote for you. Why keep antagonizing me? Why not tell me how you'll help me
65million people...that's 65,000,000 Americans, plus the millions who didn't vote, don't think you're sane or competent.
dontcareanymoregettoworknoworwe'llfireyouforwastingtimeontheclock
no the Dems focused on the wrong candidate, if they had gone with @BernieSanders you'd have been orange toast.
sour grapes for them don't give em an inch they will take a mile
more difficult than having to campaign in 50 states? You said b4 that the electoral college should be done away with! Me 2!
True but your victory continues to be hollow because you can't let go. Like a spoilt brat
Move on. Please.
she relied too much on vote rigging, illegals and multiple voting,among other dirty tricks I'm sure. Too bad #lockherup
THE ELECTION IS OVER! MOVE ON AND START ACTING LIKE A PRESIDENT WOULD! GOOD GRIEF!
Not hard when drawing of the districts is rigged.
focus being the buzz word because you should FOCUS on being President not twitter
and with all that experience
She's a broken-down old lady who can't travel, and you're Super Donald!
election over.    Why don't you actually do sumthing productive instead of tweeting
Stop talking about the election.  It's unsophisticated and undignified at this point.  Do the job at hand.
Please could you watch this video your support and opinion would mean a lot
the same Electoral College u once called a scam?
46% less than her and despite all odd swung a historical win. No need to reason with the corrupt media
they lost 3times in 1 Election! A dead horse candidate that's totally worthless! Lost Primary, recount & Electoral College
The campaign is over - your insecurity is showing! Go back to work!
@Foxworthy WE TOLD YOU LIBERALS DONALD WAS SMART

yes bc she thought the rest of the states needed convincing that u can't do this. She could have.  But I pray u do us right
why wont you show your taxes will it show fraud like the bankruptcy investment of 300 000 and you walked away with3 mil
Because "difficult and sophisticated" are two adjectives which define your methodology so well.

#notmypresident
#Don'tDo A Clinton removal
SHE WON THE POPULAR VOTE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Excited to see what you're going to do!  Prayers for you & your family!
somebody please tell this moron to just shut up and let the smart people around him do his bidding.
... People with need to constantly self-congratulate are deeply insecure and mentally ill. #DonnyNeedsTherapy #DaddyIssues
.@realDonaldTrump I see that losing the popular vote is gnawing away at you. You wanted to be the most popular too didn't you? Awe.

DOESN'T MATTER NOW, DOES IT?  GOD CHOSE "YOU" TO FIX AMERICA!  WHAT A TREMENDOUS JOB PLACED IN YOUR TRUST!  LETS DO IT! 
The election was over log time ago, don't you have anything better to do and stop whining
you in love with Hillary?  You seem to be very focused on her.... you feeling lovesick of not seeing her anymore.  Boohoo!!
she did and her biggest mistake help you win, alone with putin.
@clanceman65  Trump waged a surgically precise campaign of likes we've never seen before.  Incredible stamina and strategy.
wait I thought you won because you're the best president. Where is your faith in your supporters B. Pick one
In your own word 
Wrong! Grow up. USA needs a real leader, not a reality show host
Would just be quite for second? My God do you and let her be for God's sake just tired of you and ur senseless tweets!
D.  Enough
Aren't we lucky!
happy Hanukkah Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
@Cantrells17 you worked so hard and did it. 6 stops a day while she was sleeping and fundraising
thank God
3 million more Americans wanted Hillary to be president instead of you.  Your "sophisticated" strategy was Vladimir Putin.
what an egotistical fool......quit patting yourself on the back......that is so sad!!!!!!
sophisticated ... really?
Good Lord, Trump. You just can't get over the fact that the majority of Americans rejected you as their President. Loser!
WRONG!HILLARY WON NATIONAL POPULAR VOTE! Our vote values as much as the ones in states you won!It is call AMERICAN votes!

of course she did. Plus she wanted open borders. WTF how did anyone in their right mind vote for her
True. Hillary ran a bad campaign. Lazy. Thank GOD she did not win.
that is why you won.  Hopefully in 4 years people can see the orange toddler that you are.
no body cares what you think... get over yourself
it's not your fault the average liberal IQ is too low to understand the EC and why we have it. Lol but I sure love the msgs
you are soo right! A fantastic campaign start to finish
