Karen, i will be keeping a close eye on how many if any of the things he promised Trump will accomplish.
You need the only talk when it your turn
Mega@foxnews
Go to CNN
@ConserValidity Really good thing for YOU  pussying out of the Prim.Debates when it was down to 3.America, not so much. sad
I feel as you, but right now our #1 priority is to defeat the Marxist and Trump is the only vehicle we have to accomplish it.
Thank you for the respectful response. I am playing a longer game that doesn't involve voting for a Nationalist/Populist.
Art V is the longer game- But nothing justifies aiding and abetting Marxist Hillary to become POTUS.
I'm not aiding anyone.
"Hilary never gives up' Making trouble! lol She has much to hide and wants the lights off of it,  and Onto you, instead.
Stick to issues and privately apologize to party and ask them to unite now! Not allowing her to win! Together is strong!
Seniors need help too. Many of us find it hard to pay bills and nice senior apartments are too expensive! You worked hard!
Please do not fight your party, get them to want to stay together. Make them see you are sincere and the past is the past.
why haven't you?
You did good sir. Next one will be even better. Keep on keepin on, Maryland is behind you. Tons of support here.
Hilary will "raise taxes for middle class" Bring in thousands of ILLEGALS and no place to put them! they are "illegal"
Do not get all of the Republicans upset with you. Ignore all around you, Stick to issues. " Together you stand"
She will bring our country down to a third world country. That I know. Please stop speaking out! She is'' illegal!'''
you absolutely suck
because people like you didn't pay their federal tax...
she's a career politician All Talk Mo action #Debates2016 #TrumpPence16 #TrumpStrong
she has done nothing for America..she can smile with a smug look but that's all there is
i have to reconice you righ! But you still are a crazzy mother fucker racist!
she was fighting the good fight instead of arm chair quarterbacking while ripping America off
Because she wasn't POTUS, silly boy. Congrats on your embarrassing performance last night and thanks for the laughs.

Yeah: Why didn't Hillary defeat ISIS as First Lady back when they didn't exist?
30 years ago?
Dammit - you're just here to troll and I walked right into it.
Your first debate like this, you did great!
She's all talk, do nothing poltician! 
She and the media are trying to see who can lie the most! Go Donald!!!!
she's been busy collecting checks from Wall Street and Wahhabis
douchebag
why do you have to brag incessantly? If people around you say you won. You need new people;(She cannot win. Please prepare
Hillary will say whatever she needs to say and do nothing. Obama said that in 2008. Hillary is corrupt and a liar!
Racist @RealDonaldTrump's "poorly educated" supporters think he won the first debate. Delusional.

He was crushed. Online polls...HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!! @YahyaJohn @realDonaldTrump
She's a career politician.
Your http://not.You  put her on high alert and visibly rattled her.
great debate with leadership and how to deal with problems as it is in your book "never give up" #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
She has done a lot for American citizens TRUMP YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING
You're a fascist
- You're delusional.
Way to go @realDonaldTrump! I don't care what your tax report says. Won't change my mind! We need you!  #Trumptrain #MAGA
lol
Just watched last nights debate - painful! You were simply incoherent at best! Are you feeling well? #hellofromDK
Has she been president the last 30 years?
She stood by Bill after he cheated on her so that she can one day become a president. Very ambitious & scary
@Callisto1947 keep asking her in the next debate.  And don't let her change the subject.  Talk about switching bait.
Don't forget, Hillary's "contempt" for nation by calling everyone "Deplorable" and "Unredeemable".
She was a senator and then secretary of state. Are you even aware of how gov't works?
She is classified as a failure and continues to get away with murder!
blah blah blah he lost last night and will do so on Election Day
I too enjoyed last night's debate. Especially the part where  you claimed that solar power isn't a real thing. Good times.
no he said his business dealings
Saying a First Lady has no influence is delusional. Ever heard the term, Happy wife, happy life?  Or failed Hillary-care?
you did great
I, sniff, really enjoyed, sniff, it, too.
everyone is laughing at you
Congrats he won a few local and conservative network polls hillary did the same on the other side. http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html …
do more adderall https://www.facebook.com/Slate/videos/10154387550451438/ …
what have you done in the last 30 years besides making millions by screwing people over and not paying taxes?
stay calm-u r winning people-they will put u in charge of this great country
One of your 35+ lies during debate:
So, you really enjoyed the debate despite a faulty mike? Your bullying wasn't faulty though. A bully as a Pres? God help us
We need to bring up Benghazi and her emails more at the next one!
he should probably pay taxes so we can rebuild those government buildings he's blaming Hillary for lol
and the roads. And the airports.
yeah those too, just ran out of characters lol
.@realDonaldTrump, because she is part of the problem.  Don't nothing change when you're a puppet on the string.
. 
"Billary seems to have lost by a 2 : 1 margin  on average.did we use a big enough Anvil ?".
because she is incompetent.
incompetent? You fools act like she's made every decision the last 30 years....
Report: How Hillary Clinton's promise to create 200K Upstate New York jobs was a failure
@CBSPolitics and filing for bankruptcy 6 times isn't a failure? Not paying income tax to help the country
he has over 500 companies-4 failures is miniscule. And do you pay more tax than you owe?
does he pay any taxes? Cuz I'm pretty sure he admitted he didn't last night. I pay my taxes thanks. 
is he in jail?
that doesn't make it okay?
she was not president and there are so many things one cannot do if they are not president, but you should know that right?
Seniors are not doing well many are not like my husband and I. We worked all our lives and have a home, but hard!!
Dems must be paying people to come out of woodwork.. LOL TERRIBLE! " Bring others down, to bring self up" All they can do.
I think though people are after you and you must be very careful, We must not let the 'illegal' against Gov't  propertywin.
I'm hoping for a historical election today. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@BillyCutlersr #Don, because she was too busy rubbing shoulders and probably her body too with the Saudi's.
Mr T you should of jump/kicked KILLARY...STOP with the name calling everyone knows she is a lair/crook STAY with the facts.
Cannot let someone lying under oath and destroying Gov't  evidence, and having people take the 5th, win! I can go on and on
Well gees look in the mirrow a  little close than just looking at yourself. WTF HAVE YOU DONE BUT SIGN BILLS TO UNDO ALL THE GOOD O'Bama did. O'BAMA MAKES YOU LOOK LIKE A IDIOT.  ASSHOLE. LIER. WOMAN ABUSER. I CAN GO ON AND ON BUT WILL STOP THERE. YOU HATE ANIMALS. ANIMAL KILLER
You must now speak respectfully though. What you did 25 yrs ago does not matter. What she did recently against Gov't
And what exactly are you gonna do? grab more women by their genitals?
Hilary will bring in illegals and give them everything free! We cannot afford more taxes in NYS!
I believe you could be one of The best Presidents Ever! Just stick to the mission.
just stop interrupting when someone is speaking. It's time to man up and be polite.
#yougoDad
Dangerous to allow people into this country and not jobs or food or anything for them, no housing, Seniors are barely
.@realDonaldTrump What were u doing ya world class predator?Oh yeah, avoiding venereal disease & stiffing workers. #DraftDodger
#TrumpLies
.@realDonaldTrump 

Daddy, you have some schmutz right there.

#PredatorTrump
no comment  

#NeverTrump  #Daddy
.@ggblonde101 @xbatasi 

.@realDonaldTrump is indeed disgusting.

#BigLeagueTruth
#NeverTrump
#GrabEmByThePussy 
#TrumpTrash
#BillyBush
Donald Trump is a horror story, Mike Pence is worse.
and why haven't u paid taxes for the last 30 yrs????
Hillary now has Alicia Machado on her team as a surrogate, maybe it's time to bring Kathy Shelton on!?!
cause she hasn't been president, or are you incapable of distinguishing between job titles?
All U did was not pay any tax and I would say, scrooged the system. I will put U in the same category as 'tax avoiders'.
I SUCCESSFULLY TAUGHT MIDDLE SCHOOL & HS STUDENTS TO UNDERSTAND SEPARATION OF POWERS. NEED A REFRESHER LESSON??
I have not heard you say what you will do for us seniors.
You were too coward to call her that to her face weren't you?
what about your Cuba embargo violation Crooked Trump?

exactly...
please quote to Hillary what the FBI director said, that she did not tell the truth to America about her emails.
, out did Hillary with scam university, using money form charity for profit business,
But who pays for all her programs? We must stop offering our tax dollars to pay for votes by producing entitlement props!
Lets tally up your last 30 years.... a truckload of crimes, frauds, bankruptcies & swindles suddenly appear
She has done many things in her professional career.  Unlike you, she actually worked to achieve, not "loaned" from daddy.
She wasn't the president for the past thirty years. What power do you think she had that she could make executive decisions
Hilliary seem elderly IDK that it would be her makin decisions I think she will be resting most of the timethat worries me
with Benghazi, the Clinton foundation and foreign money to her campaign.
Not enough bribes, maybe?
Contrary to your delusionals, Hillary has not ruled the world for the past 30 years.
In the last 30 years what the hell of you done for middle America?  ZERO!
WE HAVE A PRIME EXAMPLE OF THE CORRUPTION IN R GOVT.The PLANNED TAKE DOWN of 7 Countries in 5 yrs!
u looked like a man that was enjoying himself at the debate, enjoying having a nervous breakdown
The def of institutional racism is Dems allowing inner city African American moms to have to worry about kids being shot.
KILLARY only knows how to lie!!!   She needs to go to prison.     GO TRUMP!    We the deplorables, LOVE YOU!
cont ..  donate to clinton  fund  for disasters . etc?? not for her per say
, I think we all know she's not going to do anything. Crash this Country even more so than Obama.
shes all talk.  Actions speak louder than words.  Just a few examples...
@TomiLahren
I really enjoyed it too! You're debating skills... sad.
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @Reince 
She wasn't POTUS for 30 yrs, but she helped many of those in need. Something you never did.
do you read these? Please listen, you need to show more if her negatives and be calmer at the next Debate.
- Donald your narcissistic side is showing ...you couldn't be presidential if you tried.  HILLARY FOR PRESIDENT
you campaign on fear. You talk about a great America but toss many of us under the bus. You're a bully.
@cnn @ananavarro Because if you actually knew how our government works, you would know how legislation is passed!
Um, because she wasn't president and Congress has to vote first to make things happen, you dolt.
you need to be Trump!
because she's been blocked by a bozo republican congress you meatball
Do some reading
Trump has cheated more contractors than he has cheated on his wife. Has had more lawsuits than divorces.
Donald put her in prison.
Because it wasn't in her control. It will be after the election - you are deluded Donny. Your new name 'Deluded Donny'
you were saying that the reason you kept pushing the birther thing for 5 years after BHO showed his birth certificate...
conman Trump sounds like a child that's wet his pant. Whiny stuff
U see Donald, It isn't  JUST 1 PERSON  WHO GETS THINGS DONE. U HV 2 WORK WITH OTHERS-U KNOW, THE HOUSE,THE SENATE, THE PREZ
WHAT A STUPID QUESTION.  BLAME EVERYONE WHO HAS SERVED FOR LAST 30 YEARS.
Because it was Bush sr and Bush jr who started meddling in The Middle-East. GET THE FACTS FOR ONCE IN YOUR LIFE!
# I loved watching you shoot your mouth at the debate and denying you said things the next morning we heard. Senile? Drugs?
tell her to pokemon go drop out of the election
.@realDonaldTrump Because to do what she's proposing, she'd have to be POTUS, you bloody fool. #RemoveHeadFromArse
very good point sir.  3 pointer!6
And what exactly have you accomplished over the years Trump? Let's do a poll and find out!
choker
Why have you never helped out minority communities in your 70 years? Where have you invested your money?
I studied criminal justice, I would have that defective MIC checked for chemicals, I wouldn't put anything past Clinton.
she's not president?
why do u call her crooked on here but not in person?...stop with the SECRETARY crap
Do you have something done except saying shit ?!
nail her on Benghazi, her "mistake " with emails and her total hypocrisy the next time, calmly.
you are so handsome to me! Love you! Go Trump go.
Don't get it WHY are you running for president, got to be some kind of hidden agenda, she cleaned up the floor with you.
b/c she hasn't been president lol
excellent point
wall wall
  You should move to Mexico.
Donald needs to put arrogant Mark Cuban in his place !  He's a real joke!
your nickname sounds familiar! You on rivals or scouts boards? I'm from Ohio and big buckeye fan
same here! Born in Sandusky and been a buckeye fan all my life! Love trump, hope he can defeat crooked hilliary!
You're being unreasonable. It's hard for her to make America Great Again while covering up sex and email and Libya scandals
Fake Billionaire
You choked last night. Maybe not enough H2O
Ya let's off too easy last night pal; go they're next time! She gives you plenty of ammo. Use it! MAGA!!
also find a way to bring up her murderous Benghazi flop. And Iraq War - you didn't have access to classified info, she did.
You were amazing Monday night. What a gentleman. You kept your cool!! Yay! Slow and steady Mr Trump!
You did Great, but at the next debate ask killary about Bengazi!
because she's never been president before. But now she will! Hahahahahahahaha
The reason is Dummy Trump your Republican Party is to blame Hillary was just a Senator so stop blaming the Democratics .
bet she does not bankrupt the country, like you will
Why don't you pay taxes? YOU Are the crooked one!
Don't go back & fourth you got this let her attack but don't come back, she will dig her own grave
30min into dbate Lester was notified to turn it up by to feed Crooked Hillary
I can put 43,000,000 Food Stamp Americans 2 work @ 31.2K Yr $1,341,600,000,000 income & NO MORE FOOD STAMPS
bc @HillaryClinton has been trying to prepare for the last 30 yrs n she still going no where, nothing was done.
You're such a child. What have you done other than lie, cheat & steal?
No Kidding!!!!
trump tells you straight the truth Clinton lies under oath everything she says is a lie
I want to kno what she thinks is so funny abt the state of our country? & the SICK "wooo", shimmy & laff at the end, nasty
she wasn't POTUS???
yea you looked like you were having fun especially the part when you almost started crying
You did not win the debate. Hillary did. You will be the worst thing to happen to America.  Please give up.
she has been, you're too stupid to notice: from community work, First Lady, senator, secretary, diff jobs, diff tasks!
This is what seems to be going on with Hillary Clinton.
@Ian47307 because she wasn't the president...duh
best of luck
I wonder how many times name-calling has been associated with manners? . Be careful, Mr. Trump.
Why haven't you???
great sir you enjoy
but you must prepare for next time. To let all see how u can#maga. That's all that matters to voters. Not the past!
She wasn't able to in 30yrs cuz she wasn't president. Dumb head!!
in sports, u can't quickly determine the winner after one quarter or period. Hillary still has a long road to climb.
:. Because Hillary is a BULL ARTIST!   
you know u didn't like the debateyou lost
I see crooked Donald Trump is trying to pass his crooked name to our next US President.
You looked confused, tired and a little bloated, lay off the heavy sweets little piggy.
good question, ask her what has prevented the current administration from implementing these plans.
it's am voting for you but last night she looked better prepared
 Now that being said kick some Clinton ass.
PLEASE
same reason she will not fix siber security was unable to keep her email from being hacked by the world
WHY HAVEN'T YOU!?
The only thing she's done is fill her pockets with $$'s with  her shady foundation & dealings.
It's called incompetent .and untrueful
