YOU ARE THE DEFINITION OF RACISM
just a cooincidence
still a better return than Trump University
Fvck em, they weren't your goddam kids right? Leave em in Iran right?
all this tax payer money wasted. We have starving and disabled Americans homeless. Working poor.
That money should have been spent on our inner city's. Where is the outrage. We have worthless pres.
.@realDonaldTrump Here is what a real ransom payment looks like Donnie boy.
WAS PART OF THAT PAY for MV Iran Deyanat Aug 2008, even though it failed?
http://neveryetmelted.com/2008/10/12/mystery-of-the-mv-iran-deyanat/ …
Mystery of
this is the SECOND most uneducated thing I've seen this month
yes... thats a lot of money. Now 5 BRAVE soldiers get to see their families again. Doubt you would care if they were killed
IMV Iran Deyanat
http://www.longwarjournal.org/archives/2008/09/mystery_surrounds_hi.php …
China earthquake China nuclear meltdown
China melted granite oozing
lol
Ha
Right!
Again, U can substantiate this how?
And Ronald Reagan sold Arms to Iran do you remember this or did you have your horse blinders on?

You would have given more if one of those Americans was Ivanka.
Despicable! Obama knows the issues with ransom. Made a great case against it while he was doing it.
throw them out / impeach - very horrified there so exposed -,
disgraceful

that's our money that you block in 1979,
google it new dummy president

so basically trump @POTUS cares about the American people. Says a lot if you wouldn't do this to save American lives
lies all trump lies
1000 yrs of Obama's Salary !
the funny part is, you have no real idea that the money was theirs.better educate yourself on the facts
cool, now, what's the definition of groping?
exactly right Ransom. Wiki leaks is doing her in along with George Soros. Republicans get backing President TRUMP
it was their money, stupid!
.@realDonaldTrump Except that this is a blatant lie and easily proven false, like everything about you and your campaign.
@judy_shwabe just like what you are doing to the GOP
AMEN AND LET US NOT FORGET, TREASON
FOOL. It was their money "frozen" due to...
I wonder how much he sent to Milwaukee where the unemployment rate for blacks is 32% ? How much to Detroit? Chicago?
USCIS is letting them in free also Afghanistan and making everyone else pay double
What does Obama have to do with YOU running for president?
@hankpannell Where did the come from & who in Congress OK'd it?!
if ignorance is bliss, you must be one happy SOB!
You cant understand this as this is too big for your brain. Anyway, Its Iran's money paid with interest.
If you had done this, you would've called it genius leverage...coming from someone who doesn't pay people you ACTUALLY OWE!
So Sickening. Now they shoot missiles to our ships Good job, Obama
this is the definition of a narcissist:
Both Hillarys & BFF Huma husbands are perverted weird. And they both were tax paid representives FOR the people.
ex  Calif gov Arnold, was the groper of ALL gropers. And....lover of maids.
@19b8cb35514541c Obama's NO CHRISTIAN OR MUSLIM! He thinks he'll God; he's just the Devil's bag boy!
who cares. It's just money and we can write it off. Lives matter, not Dollar bills, we actually print this stuff remember.

Some Of it "Foreign" Currency because..........???
@Trump4Hope 
I just want to set the record straight. Obama is of no relation to me or my family!
@Trump4Hope Crooked Hillary should be in Jail
look what your dealing with
Ransom payment! Positively ransom payment!
Those funds were frozen - they gave up 5 Americans for something that belonged to them in the first place. Brilliant!
what would you have done differently? Allowed the Americans to die? Or be tortured?
You don't give a damn about truth or facts, do you?
Keep lying and spinning, Trump. You see, the EDUCATED Americans KNOW the truth
The payment doesn't relate to the hostages. It relates to Iran's frozen assets. The release is a coincidence.
