Hi, I'm Sarah, and I'm voting for Hillary Clinton. There, now you know of one.
lol I'm so sorry. You still have time to educate yourself to her corruption! It's easy to find!!!!
It's a little too early in the day for conspiracy theories. Thanks for the offer, though.
JUST THE COLD HARD FACTS! LEAKS LEAKS LEAKS!
it's okay. For every 1 of her there's 100 of us
And that's why all the polls show the opposite, right?
Polls are rigged. And as Jose says, if polls were right, Brexit didn't happen.
And in what way exactly do you believe the polls are rigged?
We don't need to go to rallies to vote.  She doesn't pay people to go to events either, that would be you.
UGH Yeah she does pay people!
I don't watch fake videos people put in YouTube.  Sorry.
https://crowdsondemand.com/  YOUR HOME FOR PROTESTS, RALLIES, AUDIENCES, PR STUNTS, AND CELEBRITY EVENTS.
That's robotalk for that's all I got.  Nothing.
Patriot Pat is a Trumpbot.  Patriot Pat is a bit.  He kept tweeting me and tweeting me. Bot. Bot. Bot.
Oh no, Are your feelings still hurt over the election? Are you reading the TRUTH from Donna Brazile, DNC Chairwoman, that Hillary Rigged the Primaries against Bernie? Donna Brazile: I found 'proof' the DNC rigged the nomination for Hillary Clinton
these are facts from the legacy of Clinton and Obama
No, that's the legacy of an economic crisis brought by deregulation loved by the GOP & Clinton.
maybe also due to massive influxes of illegals and 'refugees' past 8 years too
No economist would support that. Refugee #s not "massive," and automation took more jobs.
so let me get this straight. We have 95 million out of workforce, and u ok w massive immigration?
We don't have massive immigration. Unemployment is low even if it could be lower.
Hillary is proposing mass immigration and open borders. Why do you support it?
You're high. She's not proposing this. Nobody is.
yes, well the locals have to keep moving with the wafting flames & all...
idiot
@realDonaldTrump @PMNOrlando
The softness & kindness of a Hillary speech to a vulgar, greedy Trump tirade is night and day.
that is so cute.  
Please #retweet more
BLUE skies smiling at me, nothing but BLUE skies do I see
Back in August you were singing "Blue Skies", sorry the election didn't turn out that way !
I'm still singing about blue skies while laughing hysterically at Mango Mussolini.
Funny because I know so many people voting for Hillary so so many people many many people   #ImVotingForHillary
That's very kind & I appreciate your words! 
My uncles canvassing every day in NH to keep Crooked Hillary out of office! Please RT.
Here's the original [unedited] tweet to @realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/PMNOrlando/status/770095271149703168 … #classy
Wow. I wonder when Trump & his minions will release a statement on cooties.
Did you send out a tweet with a placeholder? Her rallies are held in (blank)? Wtf is that?
it was originally "port O potties" from PMNorlando. DJT retweeted and removed that word. Idiot DJT
lol, what a clown
Mikey IQ = 50 or below if you support "I'm with her"
Jesus, that escalated quickly.
could be worse Mike, you could be wearing a red suede skin tight shirt for profile pic
she is beating you
LOL you brlieve everything you're told too, like she beat Bernie fairly lol
https://youtu.be/UajbwMzZwpc  one angry Latina with a great message! RT listen up!
Loved it!
<< paid troll or low IQ which is it?
Yes, I am a paid troll. Clearly you are one astute individual.
Homegrown demagogue
WikiLeaks WikiLeaks WikiLeaks WikiLeaks WikiLeaks WikiLeaks WikiLeaks WikiLeaks. Karma is coming 
loved your Tweet
Aren't you sweet.
Funny, that's what your small penis said about your pants! Still has loads of room in there!
Ah somebody got there widdle feelings hurt.I laughed @your little penis joke.Good 1 junior,go pottie b4bedtime
@slone @PMNOrlando in Jacksonville  FL higher registered DNC, but RNC is smoking DNC in turnout for early voting.
wouldn't believe the number of paid trolls or low IQ voters that have attacked me on this. Thanks 4 ur supp
Mr. Trump, I made a donation in the drawing u have 2come sit in at next debate. I hope to join you! U R an American Hero!!!
that is because you have no friends that are smart. I know of millions voting for her
<< paid troll or low IQ which is it? You don't know 100 let alone millions. lol
Hmmm, I guess those 5 million voters are a figment of your imagination, eh? Nothing but a con artist. Unfit.
SHE'S A CRIMINAL! Prob the felons that were released. NOPE!Rigged Polling! Everyone knows!They dont do rallies
She's been investigated more than anyone...don't U think they'd find something by now? UR ignorance is showing.
the main thing she is dumping you in the polls! ;)
Polls are RIGGED and anyone with an IQ above 50 knows it. Sorry you are below!
lol
One rally. And still not even close to one of Trump's smaller rallies. Lol
I feel honored to have had my Tweet Re-Tweeted by you. I hope it made you laugh a little!
Can you grow up and quit calling people names?!! Grow up!
No! Well, maybe when Hillary calls people the "N" word both orally & in written notes. Ask her former Chef!
don't count the kkk vote just yet!just kidding u know u got that vote locked up!
The KKK the Democraps Started, na Hillary has them locked up tight!
I don't support Hillary so........
Trump doesn't have any good policies. All he knows how to do is insult. #ImVotingForHillary
A vote for Hillary means the folks that vote for her are just as morally bankrupt
a vote for Trump means the people that vote for him are just as morally bias as he is
Amen, Bruthah! small cafeterias & still gets crickets!, hahaha

I KNOW, RIGHT?!? So, funny her crowds do appear rather small-ish! Trump's are...HUGE!
Correction: "YUGE"
Loved your correction! Loved the way the election map turned red!
I know of NO BLACK or LATINO person voting for Tricky Trump! His bid for our vote was at a snow white rally. @PMNOrlando
All Latinos and Blacks in Orlando LOVE Trump! Liar like Hillary you are!!!!!
As a Latina in Orlando, I would have to agree! #MAGA
And you also part of the 2%.  @PMNOrlando @realDonaldTrump
Loved ur reply. Really, where is she, I bet she tripped on her Foley Catheter Bag & hit head
You should get out more then because EVERYBODY I know is voting #ClintonKaine
Sad  Trolls r actively sticking up 4 Crooked Hillary. "TRUMP 2016" makes them c red. They don't care she robbed Bernie.
sure, sad, that's it
You're kidding right? She's at home changing Foley Catheter. Not in neighborhoods!
Just saw Mrs. Clinton on TV. She looked old and unhealthy and unfit for presidency.
Yes you're right, she looks very bad.
U R a low IQ voter. By (blank) he was infering ANY of her events have xtra room. No Lie, No Lines for her
Yep, a Trump follower w/an IQ of 141 & loves our country. Name 3 pos things about ur candidate to sway me.
Not enough space?! Then email it &I'll shorten 4u. I know its hard 4u.Not1 Dem has answered my challenge.
let me guess, u get ur news from ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN & MSNBC. Evr heard of The Smith-Mundt Act?being lied2
just keep on thinking that and when the election day come u be saying what the hell  POTUS Hillary Clinton.haha
And yet you are STILL losing badly in every battleground state. Sad!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.  You R fuckin funny.  HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Sure Trump stain.  That's cause I was having my way with your Mother.  Glad she has no teeth.  You're next girly man.
She'll be lucky to get 20% of the votes..an that will b dems cheating
in your dreams!! She will get a lot votes! The clown will lose baldly!
#nevertrump
TRUMP won already Shes pathological liar mentallyunfit Reckless unsophisticated FBI #SweetDreams
hahaha trump won already! Lol in your dreams! The ego maniac and pathological liar will lose baldly!
 Yes He did!! the pathological liar ego manic that you're talking about yeah she's a loser
Hi, my name is Dawn. Nice to make your acquaintance. I AM VOTING FOR HILLARY. Go Hillary! Whoop whoop!
Nice to meet you Dawn! Thank you for liking!!! TRUMP 2016
I DO like him. Every court needs a jester!
lol Bully?!? Ask the Secret Service who the bully is.
Yes, you do have large rallies.
This is Hillary
This is Trump.
Go see Hillary's America. You are wrong. She is wanting to bring in all Muslims so tell me what you think is going to happen
troll
SICK AND DEMENTED.  BRAIN DEAD. MONEY DOES NOT BUY YOU CLASS.
CLASS does not = Lying, Deceitfulness, hosting Illegal servers, Pandering, having hot sauce in your purse.
idiot and liars.  DT is the worst of anyone. rape, and stealing from the poor and middle class.  #Hillary2016
You're kidding right? Bill rapes multiple women bitinf their lip, then Hill intimidates them. U Looney!
Don rapes 13 year old. Bill did not rape the willing. don the con wants to F*his own daughter.
Even Mike @GovPenceIN rallies outdraw those of #hillaryRottenClinton
It's because you hang with Republicans and cheats. You need help. Try hanging with honest people.
I'm an Ind. and was a Bernie fan, no way I'll vote for a crook! Or someone who covered up Benghazi! Video huh
Thank you Mr. Trump 4 re-Tweeting post earlier. It's allowed me to see thousands of trolls she deploys. Non-stop Criminal!

love it!
and her social media followers are fake paid actors. It's actually really deceitful and telling #CrookedHillary
@Kotcha301 @realDonaldTrump @PMNOrlando
"crooked Hillary" is the lamest slander no lie...you weren't bullied enough as a kid
@GOP delusional.
@realDonaldTrump @PMNOrlando
@GiGiOnCall Hillary at her last rally, no one there to help her! Needed a LifeAlert!
hahahahahaha! Love this! I've fallen & I can't get up! I'd actually help her up, but not vote.
Everyone I know is voting for HRC, never ever you Donnie. #conman #charlatan #grifter #pathologicalliar
Yup, this is the edited / cleaned up tweet from Mr. DumbAss that total morons enjoy...
:(
#biLL

her supporters and yours have nothing in common #AmnestyDon
Then you're gonna be really shocked when she wins by a historic landslide.
Wow, Trump's medications are wearing off. Someone get Ben Carson over there with the tranquilizers!
I am!
Hitler Had YUGE Rallies Too
It @PMNOrlando It amazes me that she is still ahead. Hmmm??????
watched "apocalypse: rise of Hitler" tactics are the same, target differs. Deceiver.
#AmnestyDon
She doesn't have rallies, she has Staged photo ops. Who in their right mind would go and listen to a liar.
OFTEN, A REPUBLICAN WILL BEGIN THEIR COMMENTS ABOUT THE ELECTION BY SAYING: "I'M NOT VOTING FOR THAT CRAZY MAN"
This week in review...
I'm with u.  I don't know anyone voting for her either
Mike Pence rallies to hall of protestors at Patrick Henry College #Awkward
Donald your losing in the polls and its going to get worse for you
Bernie had huge Crowds. McCain/Palin had huge crowds. Size isn't everything.
it's a race between good and evil and She is evil So let's put the only one for the job in Donald Trump.
I'm slowly gaining in disgruntled voters. You slow down and I'll pass you DT.
I'm voting for her - so there you go, now you know of someone voting for @HillaryClinton and (blank).
I won't attend a rally. I'll campaign on behalf of @HillaryClinton and vote for HRC. VOTES count, not rallies.
Trump is a pathological liar & can't stop - HE is hiding the truth. He is a disgrace.
What does "blank" mean?
then you are not listening. Most smart people who care about our future will choose her. U only bring missery.
you only draw crowds because ppl want to see the clown running the circus.
Still more votes than you in the primaries! Hillary supporters have jobs and busy lives, but show up to vote!
you need more evidence that most sane americans are voting for Hillary? only naïve, insane folks are with you.
Lots of us are and thats why she is winning
You must be confused.
no intelligent person can vote for liar and corrupt Hillary. She has many people lying and making excuses for her
your angry narcissists. your embarrassing Republicans
Every part of your life is a lie. When Fox News turn on you when you lose I hope you have a great place to hide
no one went to your rally yesterday.
i am voting 4 her.
stupid comment Donald
I know your secrets and they will be let out.
this is because you only surround yourself with yes people. Wake up to reality.
you don't know many people, do you?
that's just tacky.
I know a lot of people who are voting 4 Hillary .. A lot and some I assume who will vote T
Everyone I am true friends with are voting for Hillary. She is NOT crooked. You are a cheat & a bigot.
READ THE WRITING ON THE WALL...YOU ARE 4KD...STR8 LOSER...DA DUMPSTA...
You don't get that those criticizing your Tweets will not vote for you? That's too much for your tiny brain?
idiot...
#AmnestyDon
the polls all pf them
Shes so corrupt
Rally size does not matter.  Hand size, though, is a significant measure of something else.
toilet is a good place.
Guess you don't get out of the house much.
, at least she doesn't lay people to show up.
I am not saying who I am voting for, my private right. say you know of no one voting for crooked Hilary, lie?
Check the polls.
Birther boy supporters
http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/02/politics/republican-women-organize-to-support-clinton/index.html …
smoke and mirrors...as always!
That's so weird cause I know so many people voting for her and no one voting for you.
I just hope in the debates you hit her from all directions on policy and change leave her speechless.
http://townhall.com/columnists/johnhawkins/2016/02/27/40-reasons-not-to-vote-for-donald-trump-n2125585 …
Held in Blank?
why would anybody voting for hillery tell you
wait til your drugs wear off than u will think smarter
I voted for her. I voted her with pride and I will vote for her with pride again in November.
stfu moron
clearly a random Twitter user with 83 followers that supports you, has the pulse of the nation
Wallace, another racist,had HUGE rallies too& ALSO CLAIMED ALL THE POLLS WERE WRONG &LOST MISERABLY, as T will.
delete the account #AmnestyDon
EVERYONE I know will vote for Hillary.
her rallies are held in the bathroom
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE
realDonaldTrump #Trump gave the speech of his life today! Presidential & from his heart! Watch #s soar!
you know being this delusional & obtuse to reality makes you look even more infantile
This looks like it's a middle school classroom....
She no longer has rallies because no one is showing up and she doesn't want the bad press!
the answer is green screen for Hillary.
Welllll, she will continue to pay out welfare to people.Those people don't want to give that up.That is answer.
Hitler starved the masses,then gave them potatoes. They loved and followed him after that. He fed the starving.
then again there's a lot you don't know such as economic policy & foreign policy. you do know fraud though
nice generic statement...
maybe you should get to know more than 1 person.
The same here in Colorado.
The only people I know voting for you are demonstrably insane.
wow, #45 got 23 million votes in her run for the DEM race.
@realDonaldTrump @PMNOrlando
- says the man who trails Hillary in EVERY important state.
haha all frogs in the same well! Get out and see the world!
Everyone  knows that how many people show up to rallies does not have anything to do with how they vote.
Whose voting for you? Not the blacks, Hispanic, Jewish, Muslims, Catholics, gays, women. I know the KKK and gun totters
Funny, only the stupid person I know is voting for Trump.  All of my fellow educated peers r voting for Clinton
Hahahahahaha! Katrina? Or is is #AmnestyDon? Hahahahaha........
Nobody is attending her rallies. Polls are crooked.
Uh, who is your editor over there Trump. Using 3rd grade interns? @PMNOrlando at least made sense. Clown
VIDEO: George W. Bush announces Iraq pullout date, ducks SHOES. "This is a farewell kiss… you dog!"
Invading IRAQ was the biggest mistake Bush made. This is what caused #ISIS Bush worst president EVER! @realDonaldTrump
Hilarious! Bravo!
Really? Not a single one?
I am, Donnie. So's my brother.
Conference Rooms
@CNN Poor Trump, he's off his rocker. Expects people to be believe his stupid ridiculous remarks that Only his diehards do
yeah but http://blackboxvoting.com  and http://hackingdemocracy.com 
THAT TYPE OF SENTIMENT, STATED ALMOST THE SAME WAY, BY EACH PERSON, IS USUALLY SAID IN A FORCEFUL EMPHATC MANOR
she is a liar
and u are still going to lose Badly on nov 8th
If you know of no one voting for #Hillary2016 you must not know ANYONE AT ALL. #TrumpTrainWreck #crookedtrump
I'm voting for Honest Hillary.
Hillary is beating your ass in the polls, but hey you know of no one voting for her?  @PMNOrlando
25% would vote for Manson. Leaves 75% fun to the Bush Clinton match that was squashed.. a big victory.. Many.. notable#MAGA
Y don't u both take I.Q. tests by INDEPENDENT testers? Also both take Physicals by Independent Doctors.
Hello #ImWithHer
we are voting for her by the millions! Where are your taxes! Taxes! Slimy
Your desperation is showing.
she's never in the public eyea#-She's sick! Nothing new with her. Vote TRUMP/PENSE
That just means you've surrounded yourself with yes men.
I'm With Her
I am with her. #HRC2016. Will cast my vote for @HillaryClinton
I know of no one voting for her either. Every hates her.
I'm voting for her. Don'sanidiot.
Like that  South Carolina one when you that was 1/3 to 1/2 empty and they did NOT rush to the front. Saw it!
"(blank)" ... ? is that "fill in the word" 'cause you can't find yours .@realDonaldTrump?  #DumbDonald
she is #ChronicallyExhausted so hard for her to do speech she makes me exhausted.

#ImWithHer
the clinton machineis NO match for the TRUMP TRAIN WOOOOOOOOOWOOOOOOOOO!!
TRUMP rallies vs CROOKED rallies obviously GAME OVER TRUMP WINS..regardless of poll's..Nov PRES TRUMP LANDSLIDE
well of course u don't y would u surround yourself with Hillary supporters dahhhhh
u need 2 concentrate on economy & immigration! Less TV more forums! Stop name calling. @US_Veterans @Vets4Trump2016
stop inviting the Klan small guy.
Really? Inside sources say that 1/3 of your staffers are voting for Hillary. They say you treat them like shit!
I guess you aren't talking to anyone in your gilded tower b/c apparently a lot of New Yorkers are:
that's because you don't know anyone with a brain Dopey Don. Hey, how's the viagra supply holding up? SAD!
Those voting for you should take a pic of it w/phone email it2 your email as a record of vote than compare it to vote tally
