American Thinker?? May as well use Breitbart.
it was you never paid attention to it. I voted for you. Don't screw it up.
Too late.

#MAGA #AmericaFirst #AlexJones #infowars @RealAlexJones #JamesWoods @RealJamesWoods @seanspicer @CNN @GMA @oreillyfactor
#MAGA #AmericaFirst #ThankYouTour2016 #AlexJones #infowars @RealAlexJones @Schwarzenegger #JamesWoods @RealJamesWoods
One does not merit being called "a hacker" if one does not know how to Cover Their Tracks. Any real hacker, can also make the hack appear to emanate from another country or another person or group. This is entry level Hacking, 101.
Funny how as of Feb. 18th, 2018 you deny having denied #Russia's involvement.
Just a #FYI: we know you lie, because this tweet among so many show denying #Russian involvement.
You mean, like, at the third debate?
meanwhile u & your "credible" anonymous sources perpetuated racist Obama birther bs right up thru Oct #PutinPuppet #fraud
because everything else failed. The slander, the protests,  attacking the EC, the recount all failed, last attempt Russia
because it was brought up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNa2B5zHfbQ …
No it wasn't and yes it was
How many computer security experts did you consult to come to that stupid conclusion.
, I guess you're just too stupid to realize that everything you do on the internet leads the (cont) http://tl.gd/n_1spe93b 
SO NOW YOU ARE A HACKING EXPERT????  KNOW MORE THAN THE CIA????  WHERE DID YOU LEARN ALL THIS?  YOU DON'T ATTEND
GLOBAL WARMING IN THE FACE OF "OVERWHELMING" SCIENTIFIC DATA"...THAT'S HOW IGNORANT YOU ARE OR WANT TO B.
Wait, you don't watch them in the act?!? That's how you catch criminals, Dude!
It was brought up before the election. In fact, you brought it up.
your reactions are telling
It was. Many times,. Continuously. Thought you were a "smart person?"
you stole it
Wisconsin Michigan Pennsylvania Arizona and Arkansas
It was. You knew about it, the RNC knew about it, the CIA knew about it, the FBI knew about it. #CrookedDonaldski
your proof?
oh dear
How is that proof the RNC and Trump colluded with Russians?
Go and ask the CIA. They’ve got it. Wake up.
So you have none and have no idea. You're just feeling very strongly about politics and using your influence to mislead.
How dare she point out facts to protect US democracy.
Mac, why don’t you ask yourself why Donald’s first response is to call his own security services conspiracists?
.@realDonaldTrump why question the #CIA. It's being discussed now.  Man up.
it was. In the debates. You said it was a 400 pound man sitting on his bed.
during the debates Hillary also called you a Russian puppet, which you clearly are.
if you can't remember things that were discussed 2 months ago, I have serious concerns about your cognitive functioning.
You are not smart. You can't remember and you really do need daily intel briefings and constant reminders of basic things
You've now had a taste of what it's like. It will only get worse when you are actually President. You are in over your head
quit now and save yourself the embarrassment of being impeached in the very near future.
history has not been kind to Richard Nixon. Do you want to be remembered in the same way?
pres elect is narcissistic.  His satisfaction Is seeing his name as president no matter the cost to others
.@realDonaldTrump This was brought up BEFORE the election! You ignored it then, just as you are now.
He ignored it on purpose because he is involved in it! #TreasonousTrump #RussianInterference
That is so stupid. He is not involved. This should have been dealt with before election pathetic Obama
Awww, Trumpkin triggered.
Oh, I don't know, it's because you SOLD YOUR OWN COUNTRY OUT FOR A MONSTER LIKE YOU BEHIND OUR BACKS, Trumpy-Baby-Hands?!
Unless you catch traitors in the act of commiting Crimes Against the United States... Blah, blah, woof, woof.
You seem have enough trouble trying to use twitter. I don’t think you’re exactly ready to tell us how hacking works.
Nooooooooot really true Donnie
Precisely!  You are doing a great service to your fellow Americans. 
Love from the UK Sir.
Yeah, and it's even harder to find their accomplices when you fire the guy who's investigating. Why hasn't this been brought up in court? @Comey
Remember your stance before the swamp got you Mr Trump? -No more sanctions until proof of Russian interference there wont be any as you know
unless you take a picture of someone killing somebody, it is difficult to prove who was it,  so CSI should've never existed
I know this is kind of off topic, but you reminded me of one episode of one of those awful shows Lt. Dan sees a reflection in someone’s eye from a surveillance cam video and zooms in and enhances the image of the eye and says “we have our killer.”
It was fuckface http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/trump-was-told-russia-was-blame-hacks-long-debate-n663686 … @realDonaldTrump
#fuckfacevonclownstick
The #democrats were handed the worse defeat in History. Now they blame Russia. #CrookedHillary was the flawed candidate!
 @realDonaldTrump
The worst defeat? Really? Because you heard DT say that?
DEAL WITH IT! @realDonaldTrump IS AMERICA'S PRESIDENT OR YOU CAN LEAVE THE COUNTRY....
@IndieFilmNYC
Talked 2 Lib today, actually thought we had a surplus in cash & our debt wasn't that bad under O

Is that your husband or boyfriend?
@StephanieAlva8
speaking of boyfriends
Is that Hillary in disguise?
you mean like this?
...the ole'Donald and his ship of fools...too ignorant to be president
Donald. Donald. Please. There is a real world.  Most of us live in it. When you talk this way you seem rather... guilty.
May I add delusional?

Maybe #Russia will hack the 2016 election. Stranger things have happened. Wouldn't that be an Alfred Hitchcock ending. #2016election
I really think he is an idiot who is being played by Putin.
so do millions of others unfortunately Russia + 60 mill Kool Aid drinking voters don't
oh Donnie, ask your boy Mitch McConnel
The danger of a #trump presidency is the inability to correctly differentiate real threats from populist fears
Rejection of climate change science is weak minded  group think of the worst kind
This explains the long term climate change and CO2 relationship
You dont have the science brain to understand what the hell you are talking about. Now go goole some BS sites
Because the media kissed your ass orange man. That's why your boy Comey kept it quiet
It was brought up before the election!
Russian hacking was mentioned before the election..even in a debate by the person who got 3 million more votes than you.
It was, Mister Trump!

.@realDonaldTrump You weren't paying attention. Shocker.
you are fired
The info was LEAKED, not hacked. Russia had NOTHING to do with our election. Hillary's actions LOST her the election.
Because #KillaryKlinton & #ClintonCrimeSyndicate thought they'd win the election. They're sore losers.
u mean like this you mountebank? #russianhacking #russiagate #RussianInterference #DumpTrump
What do you know about hacking?  You thread your tweets.  That disqualifies you from any technology-related discussion.
- excuse me, but it was in the news. Perhaps reading REAL news would have tipped you off
it was brought up, several times, you denied it then, you denied it now...#putinspuppet
it was brought up and you knew about it.  Please don't destroy our country.
the Clintons thought they were going to win.  So, they told Obama what to do. We Bubba's showed them.
I think that ruling party has gone mad of ur VICTORY...
Go Ahead Trump we all r with u
you are a fool and a liar.
It WAS brought up.
never mind the corruption that was exposed. Maybe the democrats should find a candidate who isn't a grifter and....?
of course not because they thought their cheating would cause them to win! So ridiculous!
What, the fact that the election was hacked by the Russians or the fact that you don't know what you're talking about?
It was brought up before election, "over and over and over" again.  Shep Smith agrees.  Trump lies daily.
It was.  And you openly asked the Russians to hack.  But you just lie like a rug.  And your followers swoon. #Notmyprez
are you actually this stupid???
Lauri Love. If you don't know who that is, look up the name. And then tell me how he was caught.
she put our security at risk by setting up a private server and now it's YOUR fault we were hacked?
#resist
I thought Paul Ryan was leader of the house? Why is Pelosi calling for Russian investigation?
it was
we know for years that Russia and China try continuously to hack the American people and gov.why is this different.
It was in 2 debates w/ u standing there responding to the statements from Clinton on it.  You also claimed voter fraud also
It is you know........common knowledge
They are turning the electoral college against you! The votes are up! You have to do something!!!!!!
it was brought up before the election....
you sound like you know the truth.
You tell them Mr. Trump. Team Trump all the way.!!
Not true, Hackers leave breadcrumbs, just like Hansel and Gretel. The fun part is, birds cannot eat electronic breadcrumbs.
Wrong.
#dezinformatsiya
Trojan horse go's right to the top ! Look at England and Europe there even in swat teams trying to catch terrorists! Snakes
It was Russia brosephine

Maybe you're getting senile dementia? Better get that checked out before you become POTUS. You're getting Alzheimer's prob.
QUIT CODDLING AND APPEASING THE LEFT!!!  NO Kanye, NO DiCrapio, NO RINOS!!  That's NOT what we voted for!!!!
1) No it's not

2) Yes you did
it was, you were too busy stalking @HillaryClinton on stage to hear it probably tho
If this was going on before the election, what did Obama administration do about it ? As usual , nothing!!!
MY GODDDDDDFDDDDDDF
it's #Snowing The #Russians must be affecting the #Weather
October 19th, all kinds of media reported Rusia hacking of the DNC and Russian involvement. Watch your own third debate.
It was. And no, you don't have to catch them "in the act." Try talking to someone who knows at least a little IT.
Are you sure you know what a computer is? Hint, its bigger than a mobile phone.
they will persicute you
- it was
Americas the worst for interfering with other countries! Help Russia beat Isis, then trade with all ! OBAMA should stop lie
one strategy to deal with democratic hacking bullshit: we should investigate hacking.  Let's start with the Clinton server.
How out of touch is @realDonaldTrump. It was brought up b4 election. And they did determine the hackers were. It Was Russia. UR best friend
do you have a single friend?
Not true. Any entry via a tcp/ip port is logged in a file.
Any bottling on a Web site is captured in the Web server log.
dear trump there aint no other way that I could sy this the whole world knows that you a liar and a racist
Wrong #Donald. #Hackers are caught after forensic analysis and investigation.
YOU'RE TRAITOR & THREATENS of the AMERICA & of the WHOLE WORLD! It's SHAMEFUL! And President Putin is Threatens, for First!
You obviously understand less about hacking than the average teenager.

@FriendlyJMC  Donald, it's a lot more involved than that. As a senior computer/Network analyst it's difficult to be sure.
IP addresses can easily be spoofed too if attacker knows what they're doing. Leave no trace.
Because it was #self-hacking)
Wha? A TV Guy who's never seen Perry Mason, or Columbo, or Monk?
your guy McConnell blocked public notification.

.@realDonaldTrump u r kidding right? This can't be serious- 400 lb guy in bed- REMEMBER HIM? You are so embarrassing- How did this happen ?
It was brought up, by President Obama.  You just weren't paying attention.
Uhm, wasn't it you whoconfidently said the election was rigged?until it turned your way. They will ask for payment ya no
DNI Director James Clapper Isn’t BUYING the “Russian Hacking” Theory http://news5minutes.co.vu/qrr73P  https://twitter.com/the_win_today/status/808724102512943104/photo/1pic.twitter.com/Nr2P7d7OxW 
obviously he doesn't know squat. Gotta discredit this guy
yes such a dragging situation this people when will they give up!they are the stone in our shoe !!
Use some of those smarts you say you have
Cocaine is a hell of a drug!
It was. In your third debate against Hillary. You responded by telling about puppets. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/19/hillary-clinton/hillary-clinton-blames-russia-putin-wikileaks-rele/ …
really?? So you're an IT expert too!! #notmypresident
hope you like orange jump suits, Treason is a Federal Crime
It was. You obviously were ignoring or not paying attention.
I think we all know why it wasn't brought up before the election.  Same reason your Trump U cases weren't discussed.
@cjkpilot 
HILLARY HAD THE UNSECURED EMAIL AND SERVER AS SECRETARY OF STATE.
EVERYONE HACKED HER.
I'm in technology and have passing knowledge of security. Don't state it as a fact of something you know nothing about.
funny
it was brought up before the election. In fact, before the election YOU asked hackers to keep hacking...treason.
pretty easy for a man like you to pay someone to do this in Russia. You are the problem in America, not the solution.
The CIA conclusion is being vetted by multiple government offices to determine how we move fwd more securely as a nation
The threat of Russian hacking has been in the news for months before the election.
because you didn't want it to be? Duh!
Actually, almost all hackers are caught after the fact. That one person could be wrong so often is amazing, and horrifying.
it was brought up in the debate... remember you were busy interrupting @HillaryClinton
it was brought up! It was brought directly to YOU in a debate. You were called Putin's puppet! How do you not remember that
I am so tired of how blind the left is to HRC corruption. Others are exiled and kicked out of government for what she did.
“Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing."
Hahaha. Man you're such a computer expert! Your wisdom is only matched by supreme leaders like Kim Jong-un.
Forget that you defended Russia by blaming a 400 lb person in bed, BEFORE the election. Remember your last presser in July?
Trump: "I don't trust the CIA"
Putin: "Neither do i"
this is CNN not realizing they lost disastrously.
It only became an issue when you told Russia to hack Clinton's email.  This is on YOU!
before the election? You mean like during a debate? When you said the hacking could be Russia, China, or fat guy at home?
It was. You were, and still are, too busy denying everything.
It was, brought up in the debates. And it's easier to catch hackers than you think. Ask the FBI, they're good at it.
- I know who it was.
no hack. Huma Abedin is the leak. Think! Emails wiped, husband busted again, all emails found in tact. Not coincidence!
Democrats have turned out to be sore #Losers &  cry-babies !!
you really don't understand anything do you?
before election HC was "W" hackers helping the LEFT are well intended "the means justifies the end" but you're "W" can't be
I heard it.  Over and over and over and over and over and over and over.  Perhaps you need a hearing test?!?!
It's amazing that with your grasp of how technology works, that you are even able to connect to the internet.
your first sentence here is just utterly ridiculously wrong. Your second sentence proves you were high during the debates.
BECAUSE THE left ARE EVIL NASTY HUMAN DEMONS WITH NOTHING TO LOSE, FOR THEY ALREADY LOST THEIR PRINCIPLES AND PRIVILEGES!
wasn't it YOU who asked them to hack us?
you recall 2011 Perry wanted to get rid of DOE right?
You are completely wrong!! It is not hard at all to determine who was doing the hacking. And this was brought up before!!
it was, you doof!
You sweet pathetic thing...honey, please go see a geriatric doctor. There are drugs now that can slowdown senility.
You sound like you have inside information about hacking. Please, do tell more.
And you with your PhD from MIT. Wow!
it was
Because they thought Hillary was gonna win.
Deliberately sabotaging stock prices does not save jobs. You have just done it twice.
Why are you giving Julian Assange a pardon? Coincidence?
