great time
stop tweeting about The Apprentice. These are issues below the matters of the president. Stick with what We want.
please be true to your word I am a paining company small business I'm hurting I need more work help me get more work
what I don't understand Bill Clinton schedule same thing and so did Obama look at the facts they said the same thing
One morekeep getting those jobsthing don't give upgive making those deals get these jobs so we can provide for our family
no he won't!
#CAGA

hello,president,i am a Chinese.
congrats sir thank you radical islamic destroy it please  great great america with india
President Obama made America great. #SlaveryToWhitehouse we have gone backwards with you #seperatistInCharge
Donald you have got this !! Stay strong and thirsty my friend
Bill Clinton and Barack Obama said the same thing about illegal immigrants why is the left make it a big deal check it out
Michigan hates you.
you are the biggest fraud I have ever seen. You are not fooling most Americans, we know you are just on an ego trip. You
Good job Donald keep it up brother , Obama is hating on you because  u have done more then he ever did in 8 years 
was that cleared by Russia? How are your elites going to bring jobs anywhere? Living wage, plan?
really.   Don't believe you.
Then bring back your products and hire American workers not HB1 at your resorts HYPOCRITE
It's incredible how you're a busy person but you always find a little time for  your supporters, that really means a lot
Busy doing what? Tweeting from the toilet at 2am?
ain't it the truth lol, his followers couldn't  be dumber even with an IQ
Yeas, #PEMOTUS Mr. Trump will bring back jobs that were not going anywhere! Other jobs can go to Mexico!
you're a damn nut!
Thank you Michigan for voting the way Russia wanted you to!
TO ALL YOU DEMS WITH THE HURT ASSES, ENJOY TRUMP 24-7 4 THE NEXT 8 YEARS, LOL

#TheEasilyConned
http://www.people-press.org/2016/12/08/low-approval-of-trumps-transition-but-outlook-for-his-presidency-improves/ …
and where is this info coming from.
Click the link.
Trump supporters on election night! #MAGA
Yeah, right!  Good Luck America!  Thanks for nothing Donnie!
Still trying to find a blame to why he won? Sorry bro, but he won fair and square. Where's the proof?
There's no reliable proof of it, just accusations. That's what happens when people are still in denial.
You do realize that it's still under investgation? They said it themselves that they have "no real evidence."
I disagree with you, but hey, whatever helps you sleep at night~ XD
it was great to be with you tonight, #draintheswamp #trump45
@mike_pence Mike, run for governor of Michigan, so we can give tax cut rewards to companies that threaten to leave state!
Mr. Trump has asked that media outlets do NOT use this image of him. Please do not retweet.
You are literally so immature. :/
thank you now come here in Colton California and get more jobs for us citizens get the ICE clean up
liar liar pants on fire
Love getting direct tweets. Please don't stop.
Stop your propaganda tour, @realDonaldTrump! We demand your tax returns. We demand total #Divestiture of business interests & a #BlindTrust.
You have ZERO LEGAL RIGHT to his returns...
your mom's fried chicken is the best. I can't wait to see you for Thursday night dinner. Did the vomit come out of the couch?
My 90 year old mother,  dying of dementia and Alzheimers, can no longer cook. Not sure why you brought her up...
That won't matter,  she is retired Military.
please contact me Mr. President Trump dorsettdad@aol.com
JFK appointed his brother AG, appoint Ivanka Trump Secretary of State she could very well be the 1st female POTUS 1 day
EXTRA paranoid?
ALL of YOUR skeletonswill be exposed, like cheating to win. I can't wait until you are locked up! #MAGA
ALL HAIL THE RUSSKI-IN-CHIEF!
How's it feel to be Putin's puppet?
Russia was a bit concerned about having to go to war with America. Perhaps Russia is a bit relived!
.@realDonaldTrump Goldman Sachs President now on the Trump team. Guess no more swamp draining. https://impressiv.io/mr-trump-drains-swamp-adds-goldman-sachs-president-to-administration/ …
@COBYKOEHL @realDonaldTrump @impressivCo the swamp is filled w politicians living off taxes.not savy businessmen paying them
exactly. The problem does not lie in business, it lies with ethics in power
stop being a partisan. Neither of the career do nothing politicians have ethics
and u think trump does?
While Chelsea & Hillary claim to be pro-women by supporting O's mass Islamic immigration. #hypocrites #MAGA
Jeremiah 29:11
For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the Lord, “plans to prosper you and [1/2]
did the Lord tell you to love thy neighbor? Did the Lord say you are the race above the others? And go bomb em?
We hate you.
I don't, I actually respect and look up to him. And when you say "we" you mean "liberals."
There are plenty of conservatives that hate him, too.
Probably, but again, not everyone hates someone.
Putin made you President eh Donnie boy?
you should not be aloud to vote
#notmypresident 

ALL! confirmed ..The Election was illegally & shamefully Stolen - Ur Trump is not legitimately elected
.
- remember, The POTUS works FOR US!  We are his employers!
You're trashing America.
Correction, you, liberals, and media are trashing America.
We're trying to save it from the Russians, but you go ahead...
Eh, I don't think the Russians are going to do anything. Media and liberals are trying to make it seem like it.
Haven't done anything? They've elected an American president.
Wheres your reliable source that proves that?
The CIA and Washington Post. In other words, "fake news" to Trump supporters.
Fix what?
They know it, Dimitri! The US has been thru hell the last 8years! Only way is UP now! We did it, Real America!
The World Hates You. #Recount2016 #AuditTheVote #ImpeachMcConnell
Thankfully I'm, as well as many people, are not apart of "your" fantasy world.
Yeah ... In my fantasy world, when people throw shade, they have at least mastered 3rd grade grammar.
And?
And you just lost your argument and you lost all of my respect. Insults don't get anybody anywhere.  Good day
#recount2016 #AuditTheVote #Trumpgrets #TrumpleThinSkin

Tell us something when didn't already know
not my president
Are you a U.S citizen? if so HE's GONNA BE YOU'R DAMN PRESIDENT AND NOT THE WARMONGER HILLARY CLINTON!
"the best deals" 
carriers plant was completed last yr. Oh...not in your narrative. Got it
it's funding automation which will kill more jobs..not in your narrative
which by any honest metric makes your liberal fight for 15 a joke.
trust me if they can make a machine to do a job, it won't matter what the minimum wage is
sure...it just speeds up the transition. Bravo
so instead of saving jobs in carrier, Trump is using tax payer money to pay for automation 
no. You ought to pay attn
#recount2016 #AuditTheVote #Trumpgrets #TrumpleThinSkin

Impeachment and jail time not far behind

http://usuncut.news/2016/12/10/bombshell-cia-just-confirmed-russia-helped-trump-win-the-election/ …
is it impeachment if we stop giving him credit for the fraudulent "win"? maybe just unceremoniously jailed?
cause you knwo the thing would really get to him is the lack of attention if hes treated like comon criminal
You will do nothing of the sort...you are destroying America because you're a narcissistic baby.....pathetic...
Actually the Media and Narcissistic crybabies such as yourself are destroying America. He's trying to save it.
What flavor is that Kool-aid you're enjoying...just a few neurons away from an active brain?
Sorry, but I don't like Kool-aid. I prefer smart water. A healthier choice.
You haven't been drinking much then..you'd better get to it...
Oh don't worry~ I've been drinking plenty. Who are you to say that I haven't when you don't even know me? XD
Nah, I'm not into that. Funny though, you're still accusing. When will you get your fact's right?
When's the tour coming to California? We can't wait.

it's funny seeing these people try to deny you will be an awesome President.
I don't think awesome means what you think it means.  And seriously, we don't have to try.
I agree. You would've been a denier of Anyone who got elected. Who was you're choice?
Also known as HRC, the people's choice lol
lol! In some areas, yes. But of 3,113 counties 
Trump won 2,626; Clinton won 487.
2.7 million votes more. He got the electors - but make no mistake, he is not the popular choice.
let's say Trump gets his "Russian hackers" to highly populate 1 state, shld they chose next Pres in 4 yrs?
lmao ... I really don't want to see road signs in the Cyrillic alphabet ... the interchanges can't handle it.
Who is paying for this Thank you thing?
The picture posted is FAKE. Not from Michigan.

What the next stop on your "thank you" tour? Moscow? #MakeRussiaASuperpowerAgain
Your speeches have been very informative and amazing.  Thank you for saving our country!  We love Trump & Pence!
Thank you Michigan Supreme Court for denying your people the freedom to see if their votes counted.
are you joking?
c
says the man whose own daughter @IvankaTrump manufacturers her clothing line in China.
pick John Bolton for Sec of State. He'd be great
hopefully better than you did with Carrier and hopefully without anymore Russian help.
. Thank you for working to Make America Great Again. Come back to Grand Rapida again.
USA is biggest country every time. i think "make Trump great again" more accurate. Because W. Buffet big (rich) from you!
Shut up and take a security briefing, smarten up, do the prep work for the job u were elected to beforecyou get us in a war
Iowa Congressman introduces the "Suck it Up Buttercup" bill. HAHAHAHAHAHAAA!!! http://www.yesimright.com/this-iowa-congressman-just-ended-every-anti-trump-protest-in-the-country-brutal/# …
I hope Trump does State of the union address like this and many more during the years
and who will work toward wisely assessing and utilizing world natural resources?
I'm happy for Michigan, they've been stripped away from everything!
I am a Michigan teacher who is disgusted by your lack of support towards educators doing the real work. #notmypresident
You will be in jail for treason. #LOCKHIMUP #TreasonousTrump #ElectionDoOver #TrumpTraitor #RESIST
#DrainTheSwamp - pull the plug on DeVos 4 Edu.Sec. Too late 4 Devos to walk back her pro-CC actions in MI. #MichiganKnows
doesn't appear you hire American workers  in Mar-a-lago! How come? #RussianHackers #TrumpTreason
Bringing back jobs might work out better than "saving 1000" in Indiana. What does Michigan have to lose?  We'll find out.
-You will disappoint them!!
How about clean water?  The children of #FlintWaterCrisis children now have toxic levels of led in there systems.
And the big question will be the amount of the bribe taxpayers will pay companies that stay
Flint
Michigan
Still
Does
Not
Have
Clean
Water
#makewatercleanagain
I feel like my neighbors 2 year old daughter should be president, her lemonade stand hasn't gone bankrupt.
READ YOUR BRIEFINGS. No, you are not smart. We know you are out of your depth. When we are attacked, it will be on you.
Insanely massive crowd at Trump thank you rally !
How exactly are you bringing jobs back and which jobs are coming back?
Do you give a fuck about #Michigan #Flint & #FlintWaterCrisis ?
Michigan AG: We're far from being done charing people over Flint water crisis http://hill.cm/FAtlOcW  
@redstatetalk it was awesome when the media showed how big the crowd really was by panning the cameras showing the crowds
Holy moly, yet another massive crowd at a Trump rally !
Your 'Already' making America Great Again! Thank You Also!!
you are a master of social media. Please don't stop tweeting. It keeps u real and connect with the people.
Yaaaayyy 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/obama-orders-review-of-russian-hacking-during-presidential-campaign/2016/12/09/31d6b300-be2a-11e6-94ac-3d324840106c_story.html?tid=sm_fb&utm_term=.3a06c47a6602 …
I call bullshit you're trying to Make America Russian Afterall #MARA
you mean like carrier is going to go automated and not use people that was very helpful for you to save them money help
Ford CEO will processing their plan of small cars to Mexico.......
Didn't you mean to say thank you comrades?
You should have let the recount continue in Michigan.  Now everyone thinks the rigging was done for YOU. Afraid, Mr. Trump?
https://www.amnesty.org/en/documents/afr44/5211/2016/en/ … 
Obama didn’t stop the killing of Biafrans b/c they're Christians. V.Bad!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_oid2s9fxQ …
what you gonna call your Auto Exec buddies and bribe them yo return jobs to Michigan?
If I might advance an opinion sir, to make such vague promises without strategies is, in my view, rather facile at best.
at least he has a proven track record of doing so. The other candidate spent her life in government
by busting unions and dropping wages below living wage?
God bless you and USA
I'd rather you just aim to make it sane again, even though I know you can't identify the target.  #MASA
really? how many jobs will be lost because of your temper tantrum with boing?
make america shit again***
Correction, Make America s*** on immature liberals again~
lol who said I was a liberal honey
Lol, who said I was talking about you, darling?
America is great. You will do nothing but damage.  Resign.
One of your best speachs!
What about the pipes in Flint?
do you ever get tired of patting yourself on the back? most of us reject you ..you did not get the news We reject trumpets
No one believes your bull***t! impeachment awaits! Lying disgrace to America!
Exactly How?Holding my breath. Can't wait.
Obama saved Michigan with bailout. Trump proven liar.
TRUMP 2020!
who is going to care for cleaning the air, water and eliminating glyphosate and growing GMO-free food?
I am going to just wait and patiently tap my fingers.
Now we know why you fought to stop the recount in Michigan.
You are embarrassing the US !
Is it another KKK meeting ?

only way to make American great again is if you disappear
When forced deportations start full tilt the MSM will have plenty of heartburn. The real news will get sky high ratings
u will have to force people to buy american cars. With high wages, cosy of cars will skyrocket..
Building another bubble
WE THE PEOPLE COTED FOR TRUMP NIT THE RUSSIANS. HELLO. FAKE NEWS FROM HILLARY AND OBAMA LOL
TRUMP TELL AMERICA HOW YOU SAY HIRE AMERICAN WORKERS BUT YOU HIRE FOREIGN CHEAP LABOR IN HOTELS NEVER USING LOCALS?
I am so sick of hearing your #MAGA slogan. The past is over - adapt, move on or get left behind. Innovate & don't regress
going out of your way not to hire American.
America is great. Would be greater without you.

AMERICA IS ALREADY GREAT  AND WE WILL KEEP IT THAT WAY !  Thanks
what a bunch of BS

Michigan don't bring your 5th wheel & 5 kids back to wy. when your jobs don't come back. We don't want you
http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/man-critical-condition-fire-michigan-ski-resort-44143596 …
. Putin's lap dog!!
Thank you Michigan taxpayers for supporting Trumps ego tour. America is already great.
SO glad Mr.Trump, and thanks for pulling out of the "TTIP" it is as raw as the "NAFTA" that the Clintons allowed
Yeah and I have some beautiful property in Gaza I'd like to sell you. Really? Come on.
Yeah jobs!!!! Just like in Indiana!!!! Durka, durka, durka!!!!!
how about the water in Flint can you make that great again
Excellent! Remember our Veterans, too.
.@realDonaldTrump Unless you have a time machine, you won't be bringing back those jobs. They are automated now! Look forward, not backward!
he cheated us Michiganders! His buddy Cobach threw your votes out if your name match another in diff state! Cross check 
.  That's a lot of empty seats.
Thank you doesn't suit u @realDonaldTrump
just like you did with Carrier? lol 
big lie
.... By outsourcing YOUR JOBS TO MEXICO!
by filling the swamp with gators from Goldman Sach. Wow I'm impressed.
Why did you collaborate with the Russians to win the election? & does 'Drain The Swamp' mean more Goldman Sachs in Gov't?
And you made a great start by hiring all those American workers in Florida. Oh wait. They were all foreign workers.
you hoodwinked the common less educated person with your dictator attitude.
when are your companies coming back?
In life, as in tennis and as in politics, self doubt is the seed of doom. Champions balance awareness and action naturally
Thank God for Trump, Thank You Trump for being our President
est puit play pour decoler les robo enterre le siecle des romain est de retoure asta lavesta beybe terminatore predatore
ooooh sorry, they didn't realize you were talking about saving their jobs for robots.
