Found it! This is the most illegible, pathetic Twitter response ever posted.
so your own stupidity is my mistake? Now you sound like your boy Trump.
Better than the liar scumbag cheating unlawful crooked killary anytime 
you can't call her a liar when it's a well-known, documented fact that he lies 3 times as often.
no way Jack
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/lists/people/comparing-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-truth-o-met/ … there are 100s more like that.
And he's pretty easy on the eyes and NOT orange colored!!!!!
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
@mcuban 
FAILED????? Your jealousy is pouring out of u. Mark Cuban is not a failure The apprentice sucks. Dur you're fired
if Donald Trump does not win this race I'm going to destroy Mark Cuban AKA Fred Flintstone using his Fame and Fortune to di
THAT WOULD OF BEEN GOOD MOVE. HE'S A HILLERY FAN SO ,SHE MUST OWE HIM. LOVE YOU  GENNIFER FLOWERS
why so nasty?
Cuban sends many jobs to China. I stopped watching Shark Tank for this reason!
Bring in the families of #Benghazi They would love to sit in the front row. We need YOU to #MAGA #MASA 
#votetrump

Can I recommend Juanita Broaddrick and/or Dick Morris?
We've heard of BleachBit & SnapChat, but have you heard of Mark Cuban's CyberDust app?! He may give it 2 Hillary! @infowars
@kurteichenwald SHOW US YOUR TAX RETURNS SHOW US YOUR TAX RETURNS SHOW US YOUR TAX RETURNS SHOW US YOUR TAX RETURNS. #Trump
I NEED A BENEFACTOR FOR MY GROUT GOBBLER FOUNDATION. WE HAVE A CHEESE BALL DRIVE THIS WEEKEND.
Way to play the adultery card. Hillary must be held accountable for her philandering
I think better choice would be Juanita Broaddrick, @atensnut, whome @HillaryClinton tried to coerce 2 stay silent
.@realDonaldTrump you might be the least Presidential candidate in American history.
bet @MonicaLewinsky would be up for it.....

Get them all there, Jones, Brodderick, Lewinski, Shelton...!
Praying For you and Pence.
@HillaryClinton let's bring in all of trumps wives. No one is a bigger adulterer then lying Donald Trump

post a photo of FDRs mistress or DTs. Remember the Clintons stayed married
Who cares? They're criminals!!!! Seriously how can anybody NOT see that???
trump university, trump foundation, not paying contractors $150 meant for NY biz
Hillary defended a man who raped a 12 year old then, laughed about it
that's an old bs story. Trump is accused of raping  a 13 year old
You hit the nail on the head with that first name...... dopey mark.
#
.@realDonaldTrump We love you!
Get them all invited .
Do it!!
isn't he actually worth billions? Aren't you only worth maybe a couple mil, max? #TrumpCantSwim #TrumpMightBePoor

Show "WE THE PEOPLE " YOUR TAXES TRUMP!!!   It's THE AMERICAN WAY! DO SOMETHING RIGHT FOR A CHANGE !
You're supposed to be learning to be Presidential, shit face.  Stop calling people names like a 10-year old.  Asswipe.
So, emotionally, you're what...eight years old?
Didn't Mommy Kels tell you to stop tweeting or you'll ruin your party?
Trump is very scared of debates! Ha ha ha! Flowers happened decades ago and flowers is a whore!  Trump will lose anyhow!
Donald, is there something we should know about your tax returns?
Nathan, I think you should look closely at your candidate's financial misgivings before jumping to Trump.
.@realDonaldTrump Put Patricia Smith in the front row. This woman deserves a chance to face her son's butcher face to face. #Debates2016
Just as she could put the woman that Donald raped when she was 13 years old.
Kind of like Benghazi.  Hillary was cleared of wrongdoing by multiple GOP panels. #Hypocrite

....How about we get all the people that you NEVER paid and sit them down there too??
How about we get All of the women Billy raped and abused, and also families of all who have been slaughtered, too
No you're thinking of Drumpf who raped his own wife and a 13 year old girl.....
What we need in 1 more POTUS who bows to Arab Heads of State. 1 was enough. #VotingDeplorable 11.08.16 4 Trump!
what about the rape lawsuit that is currently ongoing against u bro? Or the millions u owe Russia?
nervous?
Hahaha! TRUMPS never nervous! Lol! He has taken on the WORLD with true American patriots and is KICKING ass!

and you call yourself a Christian. You are a racist
maybe they will be dining on the Trump steaks at the debate? Oh wait, those failed
.@realDonaldTrump how can anyone read this playground type tweet and NOT worry about your sanity?
real question: What does Gennifer Flowers have to do with Hillary Clinton?
G Flowers penetrated Mrs Clinton's personal sphere 10+ years - with or without her knowledge?
He should leave 4 chairs empty on the front row. And ask for a moment of silence for the 4 Americans killed in Benghazi.
@VoteMrTrump2016 @pnehlen I think he should put the 4 empty chairs, survivors, Bills rape victims, & Haiti president ALL IN FROMT ROW
put this poster in front @IngrahamAngle
Youd rather vote for a woman who wants to control your life from womb to grave?!?
option 2 is a racist con artist with a 1st grader temperment that love russia
Tell me what you call Black republicans
.@realDonaldTrump what's so funny is you think this would have an impact. Only one person on that stage freaks out over stupid things.
you nail down the psychiatric story yet?
They'll write books about that shit-gargling fool before it's all over.
Here is reality: I have known Trump since 1987. I know who he is. You don't. U think u know. Look at is history of stabbing ppl...
...because then you will know I was right when he turns out to be nothing like u think he is. Im not saying vote hillary. Im....
remember the weak frail Killary has to stand for 90 minutes don't think she can do it! She's pathetic in every way!
And now?
and now what? She's still a frail weak woman physically and mentally. She takes days off all the time
may I know what days she has taken off other than debate prep and battle with pneumonia?
Jan she can't keep up with Trump's schedule Numbers do not lie
do your homework little girl if you dare. u will see who the real killers were. not sure you'll comprehend.
these are facts I don't give a damn if you can comprehend facts most CRATS can't not ur fault ur ignorant
lol
Lol, because this is Trump's voter base.. http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2013/04/12-million-americans-believe-lizard-people-run-our-country/316706/ …
YAAAAAWN, I ignored you just fine the first time. Go kiss Putin's ass, like Donnie does.

exactly! She receive $30 million to her foundation and sold our uranium Russians !
Wow! I thought everyone was LAUGHING at me bc I can't spell "Gennifer." Turns out it's bc I'm VERY thin skinned. SAD! @realDonaldTrump
Trump get over yourself. This is not your world it's GOD'S. His in control of this world not man. God bless this Country and your people.
If dopey Donald Trump of failed casinos & $ laundering fame ran against Mark Cuban, Mark Cuban would win. Mark has a heart.
Mark Cuban: Gallery Of His Debaucherous College Years http://sck.pm/Tcm 
he us alot  brigther and smarter than you!
Lol 
31,000 retweets for the word #Dopey. Or was it #MarkCuban?
Insult after insult! Both Abusive and offensive & funny as hell because many of the people work with or for Trump now
And Mark Cuban and Trump are cool now. Mark might run against him. Mark will not  win the election. Trump will win again!
better to be thought a fu.. Moron then to speak and relieve all doubt
The "J" must stand for Jackass.
you give a tweet for everything 
If you even run in 2020  perhaps Stormy Daniels will get front row seats at the debate
Please be a POTUS and stop this stupid bickering and take care of America! This is unbecoming of a POTUS! Who are you?
you already used 'dopey'
he's hit the end of his vocabulary span and has to repeat now.
That's the usual alt-right gambit. Deny, deflect, demonize. A Stone/Bannon tactic.
how in the world do you have the gall to call ANYONE dopey??? Release you tax returns!
He pays the taxes Hillary & our government doesn't have hey loophole for- she is owned by the fat cats!
https://twitter.com/therealezway/status/760991933409927169 … #HillarysArmy #NeverTrump
People who are voting Trump because of the Supreme Court are essentially saying they'd rather see the world explode than two dudes kissing
500 s!

Your tweet has been liked by 500 people. https://favstar.fm/t/779729465719005184 …
https://twitter.com/therealezway/status/760991933409927169 … #HillarysArmy #NeverTrump
@theonlyadult your sophistication and level of maturity are breathtaking.
what are you 8 years old?  Grow the F@@K up
so you are afraid to meet face to face with Mark?
no problem mark and Marla will look great. Your eyes will fall out of your head.. thank god 4 Lester and anderson. Fun
CNN called this a threat! Once again, they can't take a joke! Even if your supporters were hoping it was a *promise*...
Go ahead and Hillary will have the people's sympathy.  I hope Flowers show up.
that's right, in her face
sit all of the women Bill Clinton raped in the front row!
Maybe Hillary could put all your ex wives in the front row?
Marla Maples next to Jennifer Flowers
SAD
You're bringing up someone else failing at business?  You are creator/poster child of the failing business business.
You go Donald! Cuban embarrasses me! Stay in Dallas Marc!
What would the purpose be?  To try to embarass Hillary?  Shows your weakness more than anything else.
Please do put Gennifer Flowers in the Front row Donald. Mark Cuban is Stupid. Go TRUMP!!!! Owensboro, Ky.
Bothered you that much huh?
great idea. Bring all the ladies who were terrorized twice - Bill's sex crimes and Hillary labeling them sluts/hos/crazies
calling @mcuban dopey is the funniest thing I have ever read. It's like a retard calling einstein stupid.
why not your first wife she is better than all others not to mention the second or the third not bad also
if Trump raises irrelevant Gennifer @ debate, let's all tweet relevant Melania immigrant photos
Yes, he IS Dopey.
U really want to go there? She is the victim of a cheating husband. How many affairs have you had, Donald? #Cheater
Why does Hillary need so much #debate prep? Guess she needs rehearsed responses because there is no "true" #Hillary  #MAGA
if you really think this will rattle Hillary, you're wrong. You are trying to be spiteful, not political. #BIGASS!!!
Everything you say is like Mad-libs for retards: [insulting adjective] [person's name] [vague threat or accusation].
@bassaddict81 @glennrox92
Lost ALOT of respect for Cuban in the last few weeks. Mr Trump, you will wipe the floor with Hillary tonight! I cant wait!!
Put the Benghazi parents in the front row! That will really throw Hillary off!
Why not??
I guess that's a good reason of course hillary will win the debate just because she showed up
Remember Gennifer Flowers is a whore & a skank. If you're consorting w/someone of her disrepute, I question voting for you.
JUST  DO  IT     NOW    VOTE FOR TRUMP 2016
He's not relevant. Ignoring him is the best strategy, imo!  Hillary is your only target! Keep focused, you will win!
Cuban is kind of dopey, especially on the Sharkshow She is using tv celeb, like you.Thank her.she trust his thinking like u
#HYPOCRITE! Like you're that innocent yourself in that dept! Dating other women while still married! #DOUCHEBAG
#love RT
Good luck tomorrow and don't take the bait.  God bless you Mr Trump
Does he have a girlfriend?
Please invite Gennifer Flowers. Hillary just wants to harass you.She needs it back. Invite all the past girls
does he intimidate you because he's smarter and richer than you and actually makes sense when he opens his mouth? Ha!
you could fill the entire arena with Bill Clintons past girl friends
u have a lot lot of nerve to talk about mistresses with all the ones u had treat women like shit
you are so jealous of self made men... not everyone gets handed millions of dollars from their daddy like you!!
thought you did want to live in the past
time to play the Trump card
be sophisticated and presidential. Be above her nonsense, be yourself. You know you've got this!
and how many of his companies have been bankrupted? How many of yours? Hmm, I'd rather have mark as president
NP is Following  Donald check out NP @ http://numberonemusic.com/nothingpure  thanks your friend @barrytenney
what about melania of failed plagiarism ?  Where will she be sitting?
- Perhaps Katie Johnson should be invited to sit in the front row too
yeah that's a credible one.
childish for a presidential nominee! Reps really want him to represent the party?shame it forever! Vote your conscience!!
Knockim dead tomorrow in the debate so Mark Cuban will hang his head!
@realDonaldTrump
Mark Cuban? Isn't that the brand of cigar Bill Clinton stuck inside Monica Lewinsky's vagina?
Good luck with that.  Maybe the children you've raped right next to her.
 funny but not a good idea.
let's talk about our military being attacked with chemicals!
No one wants you and your mistress in the White House.
You are a HATER. You are utterly, completely unqualified for POTUS! #nevertrump #loosecannon #ImWithHer
Your running for President no more name calling please. your above all of that so show them you have class PLEASE!
@HillaryClinton You at tomorrow's debate making an ass if yourself HA!
.I am  that  guy  Trump  hates
DO IT!
2/2 More failures: The New Jersey Devils...Tour de Trump...Trump on the Ocean...the Trump Network...Trumped!...New Media...
Keep it focused on helping America get out of the mistakes of the current admin. Dont take the bait She will try to jar-you
like Obama. Obama says we don't want to be the generation in 100 years they say we ruined our future. 19 trillion? Too late
Where's Milania, she doesn't speak on your behalf?????
This is your most liked tweet of the past week. This juvenile crap is your fans' favorite thing. -This- is what they love.
You speak like a foolish teenager.... Certainly not like a presidential candidate. You are an embarrassment.
you're worse than excrement - at least that can fertilize #dontrecallknope
loose women like orange skittles. Good to know.....
I just heard Gennifer won't be there. Shame. Wear Edge Up fragrance-Hillary wiil b nice to you. Electronic sweep 4 earwear
Tomorrow is gonna be epic!! Cuban is a chump that whines about $30k for a few minutes mocking people perfect match for HRC
HIL ISN'T HETRO. IT *WON'T* STUMP HER.
At least he's actually a billionaire.
DO IT !
@criptogramamx Only a crazy as YOU could thing build a wall with Mexico. YOU are año animal!!!!!!!
Ask #GenniferFlowers if she minds carpooling. She can pick up #ChrisStevens #SeanSmith #GlenDoherty #TyroneWoods mothers
They were going to invite all the women you cheated on wives with but not enough chairs - I read it on the internet.
MSM ignorant2sarcasm
Need to teach them real talk cuz they suck at it
Hillarys immature Cuban fiasco,good comeback #Trump
@mcuban "Dopey" Mark Cuban?? Hardly. And as typically Trump, you resort to baby tactics to try and throw HIllary. #GoinDown
GREAT idea!! What about Monica too!!!! Yea we remember !!!!! Dress said it all!!!
do you always say dumb things?
@realDonaldTrump
Yeah and why don't she put Melania Knauss next to your other ex wife  Ivana trump and lets see how well that works out.
put Don the man King in that spot
Benghazi Moms next to him might change his perspective and even the distraction, Go Mr. Trump!
boring, pathetic, and predictable response from you Donnie
taking a shot at Cuban is way out of your league. That's what a real successful businessman looks like.
Mayb Monica can sit by her! How bout travelgate employees too. Mr Mrs. Stevens could sit right in front of crooked hilary!
JF and Monica together next to Bill. A threesome !
they are saying on cnn this morning that hrc needs to wear you down... that you won't have the stamina for the entire 90 m
haha ! Yes ! Flowers, Broderick, and Lewinsky ! Touche'!
No Class Donald. You act like a child not a presidential candidate. Grow up
OMG I love it! She must be so scared she'll lose she's bring a heckler???? LOL
Once again Darth Trump tweets out his lies.  DO NOT succumb to the lies, he will not save you. Only himself.
This is exactly why you DO NOT qualify to be president! For crying out loud, you're such a whiney, impulsive child!
@silent_major26 @knowsey#Trump Mr. Trump look them all dead in the eye. You don't need anyone in the front row but family!
#ManyPeopleAreSaying Why? Because #Melania can't make it? #FreeMelania #WomenCanStopTrump #NeverTrump @MarkCubanNws
The most successful people failed numerous times before making.  Can't fault you guys for doing what others can't.
There he goes again. @realDonaldTrump rising to the bait and throwing a cheap line. #coward #Trumplies
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
If you cannot handle him what will you do .... what will you do.....call everyone a liar??????
When asked a biased ?. Just say I will answer like Hillary's staff before Congress.I plead the 5th or do not remember..
#MarkCuban for president.
