How about the residents of Montana, Oregon, and California who are fighting massive fires also?
waooooo
This is a fake comment.
.@realDonaldTrump it's almost like the weather is getting out of control or something! weird!
Law enforcement needs your help.  Opiates, Chinese synthetics are killing our youth.
No quality of life if our homes and neighborhoods are unsafe and our children, seniors and citizens are left unprotected.
I really don't think you pray.

At all. 

Period.
you're just full on pretending California doesn't exist. Wow.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/803692055897788424 …
Did you forget California?  Or is that a Blue State?
Trump respects the lives of our unborn children. Say yes to Life. Pro Life.
Thanks Donald you are the man
Thank you for caring for Amercia,We ate number one,
Jesus Christ reincarnated how do you like the mountains melting at my presence this is no joke they melt like Wax before me
I @ISIDROM96590055 I AM KING OF KINGS LORD OF LORD'S REVELATION 19:15-16
Climate Change is predicted to cause many future fires throughout the world. Why did you appoint a denier to your cabinet?
I never heard OBAMA say a thing. He's such a loser.
Thank you Mr.President. I  sent you, your family and VicePresident Pence and his family an invitation to come visit us
absolutely and 2 bad teens did all that horrific damage. Awful
Yeah your thoughts/ "How can I steal the land for pennies on the Dollar, build a hotel, cheat folks, and profit?"
Stay safe! Douse yourselves with water at all times!
U tweet bout TN fires & nothing 4 Oakland. & u wonder DJT why we all HATE u so much! Calexit! Let's us secede then! U ass!
Like Trump HIMSELF sent out that empathy? NOT bloody likely!
Good day Mr. President, Obs

Now sadly, perpetrated by 2 young fools again! THEY SHOULD BE TRIED AS ADULTS! THIS CRAP MUST STOP!
Tell me Mr. Drumpf what do a man like you know about prayers. two Corinthians it's pronounced second Corinthians
And what has he done to HELP? Obviously nothing. @TravelGburg
U are a great man of class and love for others for the well being of others & their ability to get thru difficulty to win!
what if some of them were black or Muslim, do you still pray for them? I doubt it Just the whiteys.
Trump? Speaking about safety? Well isn't this ironic

you don't give a rats ass about them..
Has any help been sent to them? Other than what us common folk and Dolly Parton have done?
do you know what a prayer is Donald Trump? do you have any prayers to give? written from a man that actually does.
Stay safe? How can we do that with you as our next due president!
Yes Sir, it is un-believable.  A friend and I passed through there a yr. ago on the way to the Vanderbilt Estate.
@Reince -most presidents throut us history have not been obligated to have accountability to the press
@Reince I
Thoughts and prayers are great . Better yet, go there and show the America people that you are capable !
Redo the public policy on controlled fires & forestry as that is the reason for disasters , screwed up forest management!
again TY Sir the concern over our state that is why we love you Mr Trump you are the man
send helicoptors to dump water
no one buys your sincerity
U said U don't pray
Wildfires in December?  RIGHT
You should donate some of your millions to the families who lost loved ones &http://homes.You  can deduct it on taxes
@Reince Oh my god, who do you pray to? Does Putin answer prayers?
like you have ever prayed, oh yea, to win the election!
Hey, @realDonaldTrump apparently #notmypresident. Death toll 33+ in OAK. Californians not worthy of your attention?
@Reince alot of sadness and loss. Thank you for  your well wishes. Proud of America again!
Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge, Tn really needs your help! Heartbreaking loss! 
why are Russian troops living in small town and engaging in military exercises there and towns local people afraid to talk?
Thats It? Stay safe? You gotta be fucking kidding me!
They don't need your thoughts and prayers cheapskate they need money.
Dolly Parton is donating $1000.00 a month to all the family's affected by the tragic fires in Tennessee.
How much is your phony charity donating to the the fire affected area? Nada.
I'm sure you will find a way to get some of that money just as you did by taking $150,000 you took from 911.
These are the Endtime-judgments of God, mankind needs to return to Him ~
@Reince #ClimateChangeIsReal
climate change is real.
Thank you Trump!
DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHERE TENNESSEE IS?  I WANT TO SEE YOU TAKE A WORLD GEOGRAPHY TEST.  AND A COMPLETE PSYCHIATRIC EXAM
Your "thoughts and prayers" have never...NEVER...been for anyone but you. Well, and maybe your fuckable kids.
The PE says "stay safe"? That's the sum total of your advice? You're a precocious baby, aren't you?
Tweeted KellyAnne on the man-toddler's account, because he's busy using his tweet toy criticize acts of free of freedom.
@Reince it should remind you of the dumpster fire that is your cabinet!
Why don't you come to TN and see how the poorest of the poor now have to live.
what are you donating?
Thank you, Mr. President-elect.
what about the people suffering in Standing Rock?
**HUGS & PRAYERS**  Thank you!!!
why don't you send more then thoughts and prayers if you're so rich?
nothing about Oakland though. Oh right, not your people.
##whichphoneisthis?
your supposed to be their president they need action not words
and my thoughts and prayers are with the people of the entire country over the next 4 years.
really? Now when was the time you really prayed?
what about thoughts for those who succumbed in Oakland.  #doesntcareaboutCA
Anyone who would like to help #Gatlinburg, book your holidays in the area! Try 
https://www.heartlandrentals.com/ 
Jihad Arson.2010 Article in al qaeda magazine on "How To" start forest fires in U.S. Tennessee Fires "Man Made" like others
prayers sent
You don't exactly have the best relationship with firefighters, or so I've read. How do you explain that?
what are your plans for this crisis because it will still be a problem when you're sworn into office? I'm just curious.
ummmm ur thoughts and prayers aren't really effective. might wanna look into climate change and the environment? idk
Obama absent.  Americans lost homes, lives. Need help.
Tennessee is burning and all this POS cares about is an egotistical victory tour. President Elect Twatter doesn't care.
no mention of this on msn...thank you Mr. President
Twice this week our state has suffered from tragedy. Both times you have offered your condolences. THANK YOU! Come c our TN
@GeorgeBurge3 

A Great Gift Christian Children
Book for deep thinkers
Teaching us all about Jesus Christ
God wrote it
I doubt you've prayed in your whole life
What about the First Nations people near the site of the proposed DAPL?
as well as mine and my families. Thank you for caring for fly over USA.
10 months ago I don't know if you had what it takes to be POTUS. So glad I was wrong.
My cousins, Aunts & Uncles live in the area!They survived. One Aunt Owns Cobbley Nob Rentals! I am Sur she lost cabins:(
what about the people at standing rock, huh??
Didn't know that TN was having that problem - thanks #Firefighters #HeroesWanted
@GOP Lies and more lies! You don't even know who God is!
God is busy
Why do we not log our own forests instead of letting them burn up every year and we are buying junk furniture from IKEA?
Concede Donny before its too late and you are learning to cook with ramens in Prison. Concede Donny
@cNN https://twitter.com/distancerun/status/804891387351154688 …
sakadik
Some light reading to stop your hypocrisy. http://www.ucsusa.org/global_warming/science_and_impacts/impacts/infographic-wildfires-climate-change.html#.WD3gXqIrKV4 …
Thank You Mr. President Tn. loves you!!
Donald Trump you will never ever be my president. I'm a proud Muslim and the words you speak are nothing but less and lies
Thank you Mr Trump for remembering us.
That's pesky climate change for you
global warming is BS and we don't need Petraeus or anyone else who wants more gun control We need less, #NATIONAL OPENCARRY

hope they all die
Pre-made tweets.
If you can't burn the flag, you can't burn our land. Take this man's citizenship away, just like you would for free speech.
I know that based on the results of Texas v. Johnson American citizens have the right to burn the American flag. HS student
Mr Trump you might want to take your victory tour to tenn and help those people out just you being there will help
I share your views
and hope for federal aid!

ALUMINUM,BARIUM,STRONTIUM,LITHIUM-HEAVY METALS R FIRE ACCELERANTS  BEING SPRAYED ON US VIA THE U.N http://www.geoengineeringwatch.org/climate-engineering-fuels-fires-of-global-incineration/ …
IF YOU ARE A TRUMP SUPPORTER, FOLLOW ME!
My thoughts and prayers are with your copy paste button you use to pray with on twitter
Water Protectors @North Dakota one more promise please-Protect or Native Americans?
Only after all of your whining Tweets!
Hum....wondering what demonic spirit you pray to.
VA secretary really needs to be a veteran! !!!!!!
find A VA secretary who can find my papers ID. I need healthcare! General Korin...
Unless of course they opposed you on something and then they would be worthy of a dozen tweets at midnight.
these very  well could  be set by terrorists. We are fighting a spiritual war!
@KimRober please sir please  help us give us biafra
my friend wants to hug for that.
what about those of us in NC,GA,SC and VA that have been battling wildfires for over a month? The media ignores us.
look what this man put about us sir.
Nice thoughts from our President-Elect.  Has anyone heard one word about this from Obama? Not.
when a company goes outside US to manufacture does the price of product go down.  I am thinking not.  Please advise. Thanks
Thank you, Donald.
Thank you for your compassion. You will be a great president.
crazy how these fires have destroyed so many homes so close to mine. Much appreciated for my close community!
they will need to rebuild fast!  Other disasters need help too
thank you Mr. president. You are the best! 
Give us one hook where we can hang our hat with U, Climate change. Ravage America & not the earth.
Yes, let's all pray for the Tennessee people!
With the White House being quiet on the TN wildfires disaster, as President-Elect can you help the people affected?
Awesome
after your in office are you going to truly help?
Climate change morons!!!
.@realDonaldTrump .@AlisonSpalding2 
Then do something smart & proactive about climate change lk divestment fr carbon fuel
#idwp
@YYogaMovie
Don't yell@ppl THRU my tl, that's quite rude. 
If U wanna yell@some1, drag your lame self over to> THEIR TL
you are going to be a great asset to our Nation! I will be their to support you 100 percent!
Thanks Donald!  It is very sad to see so many good people hurting inside and out.
Dolly Parton is a angel.
@jordan_gaus_33 really appreciate it Mr.President my grandma lost her house to it.
#thoughtsandprayers

Loser.
thank you the time to start over is here. Make Gatlinburg great again!!!
Fuck the prayers! Send money!
RAINED Mr Pres we are fine in Tenn and you keep a Huge Security Team to Protect Yourself>YOU ARE OUR HOPE,FUTURE
thank you for saying this!!
Mr President @realDonaldTrump #BringBackTheBibleToOurSchools when the Bible was taught in our schools years ago this never happened #MAGA
You don't give a shit about TN or anyone who lives there, you pompous lying bag of human waste.
u are a joke
Not that your nonexistent thoughts and prayers will mean anything.
what about thoughts and prayers for standing rock oh wait that cuts into you profit margin those people need justice u shit
dolly parton started a fund to help everyone effected by the fires. I hope to see a big donation from u.
http://nbcnews.to/2fGVKq5 . Would love to see your support!!
thinks for your prayers because the poor excuse of a president sure didn't Jan can't come soon enough for me
The Veteran "people of Tennessee" say, Eat a Frag for your #PurpleHeart @realDonaldTrump
especially Dolly
No Mr Trump u didn't wet your bed that is the ocean lapping at your balls. The place that Santa & Jesus lives is melting.
You SHOULD BE IN ND,,THE SHERIFF IS VIOLATING THE GENEVA CONVENTION LAWS
You should in the kitchen making me a sandwich
you pray?
you PRAY??
