o. L lo. Mm o km. . 
,... , mi m
Yes, Mr. President Donald Trump, do it anyways!  
Make Palestine free again Mister Président  Look
you are so dumb you can't spell or have no grammar or syntax. You are a spoon fed rich boy. You suck.
because I'm Jewish. I'd Never get elected. 
Nonsense. Trump's base loves @benshapiro , who's not even a pro-Trump most of the time. He's a brilliant communicator and a terrific conservative. I'd be proud to have him as our president.
You're not a #Leader of People & the #truth will all come out about you, the RW & Russia-
U NOT PRESIDENT YET
ITS PRESIDENT OBAMA
THERES HISTORY HERE
YOU WILL CREATE SOME TOO
Well this tweet seems to take on a whole new meaning after Flynn plea deal 
NONE OF THOSE GOVERNMENTS OVER THERE WANTS PEACE. WE SHOULD JUST STAY OUT OF IT AND LET THEM FIGHT IT OUT. STOPGIVING MONEY
make America great,safe,prosperous ,holy,moral!big job#1 your the man to do it
HOPE THAT PM HUMBLES HIS ARSE
BUT YOU ARE TIGER
SO HE WONT BE SO ARROGANT TO YOU
HE WILL MEET HIS MATCH.....HE MIGHT TURN AGAINST U
UR POTUS
Israel is not our friend!  They were part of the 9/11 inside attack!  Never forget the USS Liberty!
, what do Obama and ISIS have in common? They leave bobby-traps 4 the opposition as they vacate their position.
Obama has a 4 year plan for YOUR TERM. His shadow government will bring you down. Need to restart the Tea Party!!!
I hope they let you keep twitter while you're in prison. It'll be nice to see your daily butt rape complaints.
please help me.
We need to CNN FROM YOUR PRESS CORE!!!
God bless you and your family.
Thank you so much for your commitment to Israel & the Jewish people & repairing the damage created by Obama & co.
Trump..
netanyahoo new to grow up and settle problems he let expand
don't listen to the haters.. they haven't even waited for you to get in office before judging you!
Please never forsake Israel and the Jewish people. God said He'll Bless those who Bless Israel and curse who curse Israel
Dear Mr. President,
Did you notice that the USA
Is in the heart of JERUSALEM
And Jerusalem is the heart of Zion 
Love you
America has been hit by more than 60 documented catastrophes on the same day; within 24 hrs., etc. during Land for Peace!
The book 
Eye to Eye: Facing the Consequences of Dividing Israel
Jul 1, 2008
by William R. Koenig
is a must read for peace!
DID THAT  MAKE  SICK SEEING BENENY NET   SICK TO HIS STOAMCH SHITTING  LOUD THATHE  BEEN SCREWED   BADLY
please they never wanted peace! To move ahead we must stop appeasing the spoiled brat
Shalom making America great again

@Bair_Paws just take away the UN's funds relocate them in Nineveh or maybe Aleppo
I would not be upset if the UN moved it's HQ off US soil and we paid no more than what our fair share really is, if any.
t a trier and an *ssclown n chief
Izeral is worth the investment
What happened to #AmericaFirst? Are you really #IsraelFirst? America's interests are not served by serving Israeli regime.
I expect you stay neutral and unbiased between Israel and Palestine.
Cut funding and get more $$$ from China, Russia and Europe.
Expanding Israeli settlements further into the West Bank IS THE ONLY WAY TOWARDS a two state solution!
i pray you will but you wont without God and consulting Him

you have such a wonderful heart and it hurtswhen you know you can help them  and yet they don't seem towant anything good.
REALLY?? YOU SUPPORT APPARTEID? SO SAD!!
How?
@NZNationalParty Grovel your way out of this one National. If we lose export $ as a result, be prepared for landslide LOSS
what's worse is McCully is leaving Parliament in NZ and SOLD NZ out AGAINST NZs wishes. NZers are pissed off at McCully.
This UN vote is NOT the wish of the VAST majority of NZers. MOST NZers are OUTRAGED at McCully.
strong Israel community in NZ; MOST NZers are SHOCKED they were sold out by McCully because "John Kerry asked him"! Unreal
I agree.  2 idiots (McCully, Key) sold out NZ. Don't hold 4.5M NZers responsible; most NZers are furious @ Key & McCully.
God bless you for standing up for Israel! You are the man!
Your rebel ways is what we need to get things done.
well the prime minister is a crook like you .seems you are drawn to terrorist like Putin  who's next Assad
If that is the only-thing you should do this year in office,then u must have add some grace to your leadership potentials.
Actually sir, the right wing in Israel has been a much bigger obstacle, as well as extremist militants. Please meet with us
President. Trump please help Israel. Get the UN out of the USA!!!!
Sealy?
You can soothe this situation over---Israel is our friend...
PIECE?! PIECE?!?!? BRUH we are terrified of u becoming president! #NoDonaldTrump
Clearing the settlements will bring peace. The settlements are on Palestinian territory!
looking forward to your changes. Please look into Tricare for retired reservists. Outrageous & unjust!
Get off it. Israel has been lying and puffing and BSing for 50 years. The end is near for that postage stamp protectorate.
Long due for Israel, Mr Trump. Bring about a 2 state solution. That would be a legacy making deal for you.
FROM YOUR MOUTH TO GOD'S EARS.
@montyotoole Christian's don't want peace, they want fulfillment of biblical prophecy.  2nd coming of Christ, Armageddon!
We believers pray for the Peace of Jerusalem.
you need to do some real research on this. stop listening to netanyahu
We need Israel as an ally! I have my doubts about peace with Palestine, too many terrorists, how do we weed them out?
Palestinians and Jews got identical mitochondrial DNA  they kill each other for religion, JEWISH  JEW, killing Muslim JEW
why are u violating the 1 president understood policy??? Then trying 2 make foreign policy that u know nothing about!! SMFH
@Berlinrugby We Have faith in our NEW president &a if ANYBODY can get it done that man is YOU President Trump
dad disappointed again you didn't get the big trophy?
The United Nations undermines American Sovereignty 

#Americafirst
http://www.learnprogress.org/trump-paying-1-per-hour/ …
Dividing Israel's land is asking America to be cursed by God.  Has never worked. Genesis 12
#FuckTrump #Trump #NotMyPresident #NeverMyPresident #TheResistance #NeverTrump #TrumpLeaks

Go for it Mr. President elect!!!
I have every faith in you and your ability to make this right. God bless you dear sir.
yes we will we have you Donald
You want to negotiate peace while expanding our already massive nuclear arsenal (which we don't need). Sad!
pH yes the prime minister such a upstanding guy who is being investigated for taking bribes it's no wonder trump likes him
something worth considering sir
http://m.clarionproject.org/news/ask-president-elect-trump-meet-muslim-reformists …
ALWAYS STAND WITH ISRAEL  YOU AND AMERICA WILL BE BLESSED BY GOD      HE HAS PROMISED THIS
you alone can fix everything? Yeah right! Such a sad excuse of a man! #TheResistance
I believe in you
Not without war.

You're the Man who Can. We trust you soon to be President.
Netanyahu was so right they have never been the aggressor!
YOU HAVE YOUR PARTNER PUTIN..HE GOING TO RUN THE USA
Happy New year our lovely president
Oups, another foot stuck in your BIG mouth.
you don't care about Middle East peace then?
please help Israel
We know about  the #workaround and adaptability
Israel's illegal actions are what is making it harder to negotiate peace.
Israel does not want peace, they want revenge.
isn't all aid to Israel illegal as they haven't signed the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons,Hypocrisy foreign policy
. Mr. PRESIDENT, it seems to me Obama is try to put us or the World at was as you#MAGA! He needs to be Stopped!
I meant to say at WAR!
President Trump, I hope U will either turn things around in the UN or stop paying dues & get us out of that den of thieves.
Only 19 days to go before that misfit is out of the White House.  You will be a breath of fresh air, Donald Trump.
no piece trump, the pallys have jordan, we get jesja and golan and aza. fair is fair, otherwise no piece
I think you will not negotiate peace. You won't get rich that way. Your facial expression says you are hot for war.
I hope you are ready to talk with the Israeli government. And pleez remember to follow their cultural behaviors--be polite!
I know u will be a Great President
Screw Isreal, they are preventing Israel by building on the Palestenians land.
after 1/3/17 Rep. need to censure Obama to try and stop him.
Unsurprisingly it seems you are entirely out of step with global opinion on this issue. Great work UN.
What kind of president elect says 'too bad' after a loss like this ? Actually , what kind of person says this ?
Not true.
mr trump my niece wants to go to New York I told her to talk to you about it
GENESIS 12:3
My heart is broken over for Israel i
empty promises.  What a joke
He has only cursed himself by the only one to save him. Mr. Netanyahu knows that the America People do not stand behind O.
yes...thank you
Obama just showing true colors .Again it's not where you are born , it's where, how & by whom you where raised .
because you are a man who seeks God and His guidance....
you won't get shit done
Israel is based on Palestinian territories,with the jewish settlement they have lost even the right to go to school,
Good luck, smart guy!
Right, after hundreds of years of unrest, YOU'RE going to achieve peace in the middle east? Riiiiiight.
too bad you're president
sir we Indians love u. Sir .
treat the people right
the big wins negotiate the peace
praying for Israel and your leadership to mend this
Palestinian are not in a position to negotiate, while Apartheid Israel holds all the cards, no bargaining chips.
UN has a hand in the New World Order. Obama's trying to help Global Elites dream plan become a reality
: I'm praying. God'll give u wisdom. So unfortunate what "Obamacracy" did to God's own nation. Very bad. 01/20 is coming
tu es une tête de con
Obama will try to do worse in Paris.
I like your confidence keep up your strategy glad your in office
keep an eye on Trodope in CDN, he is scratching at bit 2 get into UN, now it makes sense he probably agreed with Obama vote
take a hard look at Obama,don't be shy,we don't need to know , u must make the tough calls now
I have faith you are a man of your,word and the Lord will guide you. May the love of your heart for our country b with you.
the UN  has been s useless organization for years !! Pull the plug 
@TrumpLovesUSA Keep the spirit!  Jan 20 just around the corner  $

Americans would support you DE-FUNDING the UN. Use that money for Americans, not these traitor 3rd world countries.
Your Exactly right.But I have all the faith that you can turn this Nation around .Proud to call you My Next President
awesome don

