you can't even keep a casino in business


Nobody lies more than  @realDonaldTrump
maligning the honest press was and still is a standard Nazi strategy.
No sane person would deny that @realDonaldTrump lies almost the time http://trumplies.com 
What's your plan?  You have NO PLAN!
so you think it's ok that my family's ins premium just increased 33%? I don't. Obama care is the joke.
sorry, but you have a much better chance of fixing it w HRC than trump's.  All evaluation show increase w DJT
all evaluations by Hillary's "people"? Or an unbiased economic research group?  Please produce.
It is a very comprehensive evaluation.
keep in mind the liberafools used computer models to predict global warming. Lol!!!!!
If you need to resort to name calling to make a point, your point is very strong. good bye.
I didn't know you were a liberal until just now. Lol. FYI the link I sent you was my point.
How do you know Hillary can't?  And how will you fix it?  You haven't said word one.
this was hillarys baby. It was Hillary Care. Obama care is the improvement. Scary!
Disagree. HRC dealt with proposals, ACA actual 1st enactment.. Needs fixing. Not throwing out w/bathwater.
it's all smoke and mirrors just like when it stared. It needs to go!
when a neophyte like Trump gives me a viable alternative, I'll agree. Zero from him on how to fix it.
but going back to clinton after all that she has done is the answer? She will treat us just as she has Haiti.
I get your skepticism. Disagree, but respect your opinion.
thanks for not being an ass like  others. Your view is not just based on the mans hair. Agree to disagree.
you're a disaster. #gopsinkingship with you at the helm. You're going to lose big come #Election2016
Keep circling that drain.
#ObamacareFailed you're full of shit, Donald; #aFailure
crooked trump the lier!
you're the disaster
Colin Powell just said exactly what everyone feels about you except for Kool Aiders. Mexican president said you're a joke.
you don't even know how it works. 20 million have coverage because of it including my daughter.
How? "Repeal and replace", but how? With what? I'm tired of empty words and impossible promises.
You can't just criticize and present a new plan. We'll be waiting!!
great  rally  hammer it on home
Obamacare is Hillary's failed baby back when she was First Lady, she not only can't fix it she wouldn't even try.
Republicicans caused these issues when the bill was negotiated
Please make sure the votes are tallied accurately. Don't let Hillary steal the office!
wooooohoooooo wtg Trump Jan 20th potus
YOU WANT THEM TO BELIEVE YOUR LIES? TELL THEM OVER AND OVER AND OVER UNTIL THEY DO. JUST LIKE HILTER
I thought I would let you know I just voted for @GovGaryJohnson for a multitude of reasons. First time not voting GOP.
you are the national disaster
Twig Paline's healthcare plan (#twigcare) will fix everything! <3 #twig4prez #ICare #hewillloveyou #twigpalineforprez2016
72% of enrollees will pay $75/mo or less.  So, there's that. Financial assistance IS available at http://healthcare.gov 
FUCK CNN
what exactly will you do
You can't even fix your hair.
Conservatives understand that not everything can be fixed, even if you throw money at it.

u cant fix anything, u cant even keep promises to america, u say the promises but u dont actually keep that promise.
....Obamacare is not a disaster. Congress's failure to address the shortcomings is the disaster. Hillary will push changes.
fix it how?  Talk about that on TV instead of calling woman pigs or about grabbing vaginas TELL US HOW
listening to rally in Sanford Florida. Awesome!
Don't Forget about @SecSebelius
Excepted you failed. And you lied. What's new? #trumpcarefailed
you are a disaster
Rates going "through the sky" eh... upward... downward....laterally?  Never met a saying you couldn't skewer.
So is your campaign/life existence
"I will fix it." #Obamacare is stronger than ever, despite @POTUS attempt to destroy it. Ridiculous standard. #ridiculoustrump @POTUS
interesting that the word "fix" was used (versus overhaul). Trump clearly admires Hillary. Keep learning from a real pro!
#ObamacareInThreeWords 
Failed 
Government 
Takeover 

@realDonaldTrump
How will you "fix" it?

you gonna appoint yourself Fed chief as well? "Rates going through the sky" #hahahahahahaha all because of govt? #GARBAGE
we need YOU in the White house
.@realDonaldTrump You don't even know what #ACA is yet you want to repeal, & replace w what? Your employees don't need exchanges. #clueless
you are a disaster.
Hillary is a disaster smuggled guns to rebels, gave ISIS $400 Mil calls it a mistake, kills 4 americans
Gee....and how many did George W. Bush kill...3,000 on 9/11 & over 4,000 in war?
u can't compare casualty of war deaths with Clinton murders of witness & lovers
You can't prove Clinton murdered anyone either.Can I assume you murdered someone just because?
Obama is better then you I dont even LIVE IN AMERICA and I know Obama better than You
it's deplorable care
you don't know what it is
Tell us how. You have Never fixed anything except your corrupt deals. You have fooled a lot of people and should be ashamed
boiii ur life is a disaster
How?
#ourcountryfailed for nominating you as the Republican Nominee
back off trump Hillary Clinton must win at least she doesn't call woman pigs and skunks
how can fix it while you can't even fix your home!!?
I Agee. One more thing, if Obama care was so great from the beginning why did we need planned parenthood?
I challenge you to simply describe what the Affordable Care Act did and how it works. Go ahead.
The @SCOTUS ruled ACA constitutional: aiding our enemies in overthrowing our Government is TREASON.
liers all of them Demarats!
I just can't stand #Clinton, her sarcasm, her pretention. She reminds me Stalin's courts.
HOW WILL YOU FIX IT DEAR GOD HOW DOES ANYONE SUPPORT YOU
You can't even fix the bankruptcies you've had! #getaclue
I hope really a detestable women will not win theses elections, for the sake of it.
what are you going to do, protect,  people with pre existing conditions.
@civello_cherise Hillary will be working from jail. Limited access and internet. #CorruptHillary
why aren't people protesting, burning down cites,  blocking hwys and demanding justice to prosecute Hillary Clinton.
Share share share, The truth about Hilary. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pACLnwDe7Ms …
@ShepherdMao Aren't these the lyrics to Katy Perry's 'Firework?'
Who?
You need to catch up on American culture.
You are so American
Hey. You're the one who chose to immigrate here.
Which has nothing to do with Perry
I didn't think it did, but you said I was "so American" either by referencing her or mocking Trump's tweet.
so what is the plan how will u pay for it and if its publuc before Obamacare insurance companies went up 46% on my plan
Trump mgmt refused 2 rent 2 blacks. Racial discrimination "I don't rent to the N(word)". & u say u care about "the blacks"
Goblin cunt
You, you, you. Study guitar, grow a soul.
economic disaster = Obama America
Its also possible that Trump doesn't even know what ObamaCare is
Hillary won't
RUN A VIDEO OF PELOSI SAYING TO DEMS "VOTE FOR IT NOW AND WE WILL SEE WHAT'S IN IT LAT ER . SOME LAWMAKERS!
you are the next president of the United States Godspeed

Trump Misleading Again
National Embarrassment
https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/790323912290684930 …
I'll be paying $63 less a month next year. Love Obamacare
subsidies are rising too. Majority wont pay more.
You were inspiring today in Florida. I watched on TV.
Tell us HOW you are going to fix it?  All talk and no action.
I voted for you today!

how will you fix it?
You are the disaster.....a failure in leadership.  

Rangers Lead The Way
you mean Hillary won't
its like you actually want to be seen as a joke lol
How do you KNOW Hillary can't fix it? Have republicans even offered a version? Keep lying to your sheeple, old man.
HOW will you fix it???
obama care is your 98th inning grand slam. Hammer down on it, leave youre personal objectives at home about those ladies
She doesn't WANT to fix it. She wants to expand it...It will be WORSE under Crooked Hillary.
is THE DISASTER!
To bad Donald Trump is lethal
ITS THE TRUMPH CULT,KIDS RAISED ON THE PHONE!HEARTLESD JUST LIKE DAD AND GRANDAD!
IT MUST SUCK TO BE YOU GUYS!
MY SYMPATHY!
@ConnieNewhall
Mine got bad.It was almost $800 for a family of 3 & was going up almost double.I wouldn't meet my deductible unless I died
who's paying Obama for his campaign and all the secret service Obamas a crook
how?
REMINDER! Not only are premiums going up but also increasing penalties if you dont have health insurance!
vote trump change, not chains
So full of shit this blowhard is!
exactly how will you fix Obamacare and health care in general?
@NancyBeigel  fix what. You don't no what Obamacare has really done for people. fix yourself trump.
if YOU can fix it than ANYONE CAN!!  LOL
Federal subsidies will also rise, meaning that few people are likely to have to pay the full cost after the rate increases
It was just an Islamist plan to control, confuse, and dominate which Obama is all about the Muslim world caliphate. MustWin
you dont know what Obamacare is and how it works?  when will your puppets start to teach you?
OC replace idea- allow IRAs 401Ks etc to use as tax & penalty free sources of $ 4 med costs along w/ your med savings accts
There was nothing wrong with the previous system. I bought insurance because I wanted to, not because I was threatened to by any  law. #CCOT
How?
I am just here for the comments
#trumpfailed
You don't know that your employees get ins. Through  the employer. We need more people in the pool, trade across st lines.
Sure you can ! We have to elect you president ! #TrumpPence16 #ObamacareFail @mike_pence #Election2016 @BarackObama !
so not presidential
F U
you ain't fixing nothing you dip wad cuz you're going to lose the election
I have no trust in you! You prey on the miserable angry people that see no hope! You are making America angry!
what kind do insurance to you provide your employees.  And Ivanka. Oh wait they are in chyNa 
#obamafailed
Please help fix the disaster plan
. hillary doesnt care she wants a vote thats all she trouble maker. mean
what is your plan? #dunbass
How?
if Hilary wins. Next generation will never enjoy America as we do. We all need to vote 4 Mr.Trump
you have no idea how to fix anything.  can't even articulate your points.  You need to get your A.D.D. checked out.
Vote Trump #FlyTheFlag
Obama wanting go take back $15.000 that were given for our heros also the $5.00 raise for seniors everything is up but care
WRONG
Hillary couldn't fix Healthcare in 1993-1994
@mitchellvii Make sure you use Hillary's own words from her debate with Sanders in swing state ads!
couldn't retire 3 years ago because of obamacare!!
Vote trump or live as indentured servants
WHY anybody wants government red-tape-tangled in US Healthcare, anyways is BEYOND ALL LOGIC! Government-run VA SSA SSI,etc @realDonaldTrump
what dies "I will fix it" please be specific. Share your plan.

How?
you should start by fixing your haircut
@Darren32895836 vol. fireman electricuted wife on Dyalsis and they just cut off my sons anti rejection Meds after 12 years
You can't even fix your own campaign.  How are you going to.fix Obamacare?
the disaster is your campaign
Stuffing ballot boxes!!! VOTER FRAUD!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YsRU0TFQTY …
spoke to insurance company today 9% increase this small business owner can't take it
yeah but you never say how, so it's just pie in the sky
HOW Exactly?? #how
hope u are listening to @IngrahamAngle Laura ingraham. Smart lady! Good points! Listen!!!!
u can't fix your fail businesses. How in the world u going to fix this country. Go sit down somewhere
-Yes please ! #obamacareworstideaEVER #VoteTrumpanddone!
Don't Give up your rising and it's close  ..
i do not care for trump
We love you Trump!!
How will you fix it? Your platform is vapor. You say what you are against won't articulate a positive policy.

If Hilary becomes President, the Obamacare system will continue and cause more social, economic chaos.

I SAID IT WOULD BE WHILE THESE COMMIE BUMS WERE STILL PLANNING IT!!
Killary Won't fix Obamacare. She's one of the parents...
I voted for you today.
My  friends  and Myself  problem  with  Obama  Care
Are you advocating single payer?
you can't fix it alone. In this country we have a Congress to pass bills.
okay perhaps Obamacare won't do the job. Single payer can
I thought you were repealing it. Now you're fixing it? #twodifferentthings #learnabouthowgovernmentworks #2dumb2bpresident
YOU CAN'T FIX A THING. YOU HAVE NO BRAINS.
You can't fix anything. You can't even maintain a damned casino without going bankrupt.
i guess the affordable care act is NOT so affordable.  We need change.
Landslide alert!
