...Tom Tancredo for Home Land Security. .Fresh Strong Conservatives no Hacks or RINOS.
law and order
If you  don't  like trump . Move out of USA
Pick carefully. Use your conscience, not politics, as you always have.  Congratulations again.
don't blow this, be fair to all.
God Bless your Choices
kick ass Mr. President!
Please reassure our friends that they do not need to be afraid. Work hard to unite our Nation. Thank you! 
I m sure they will benifit  you  and not our country as you have all your life
please DONT hire that fat fuck, @ChrisChristie  i think all of America will be in agreement
your administration will be the equivalent of the orchestra on the Titanic.
Give it a rest, sparky. No more 9th place ribbons for you.
Yes! I'm excited to hear who you have in store for us!
you make me laugh
THANK YOU MR TRUMP FOR RUNNING AND BECOMING OUR NEXT PRESIDENT !!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE BE CAREFUL PRESIDENT TRUMP YOU ARE IN A SNAKE PIT.
For the Supreme Court u should think aboutTry Gowdy  to take the place of Judge Scalia
Gowdy is true blue American
DRIVE BY HOSPITALS AT NIGHT AND YOU WILL SEE THEY ARE EMPTY
Oh I can't wait please use the brilliancy of bolten in some foreign affair capacity.that man is so knowledgeable
Hillary is better
I bathe in Lib tears!
shutup
u mad
@newtgingrich ....seriously Gingeridge for secretary of state??… What happened to ...drain the swamp!@CNN

Trump was indicted by the FBI for refusing to rent to African Americans.
How did that turn out?
Miraculously, to say the least!
@CNN busy hiring more racists 2 set the US back 50 years, cause a 2nd civil war & economics collapse? Trump's USA SUCKS!
@CNN let's see how many racist,sexist,unqualified disgusting people the orange 1 can pull out of the swamp 2 create a staff
Prayers still going out.Please watch your back,vet your own security &dont get lax in public.Keep praying prayer warriors
Should he pray for the Russian hookers?
Traitor!!
Pres. Trump: please purge the BHO hold-overs. They are traitors to America & a threat to your Presidency.
Let me guess: Putin???
Mr. President I hope that you get the right people in place,for their top notch positions! If not Fire them! Lol
Love you Trump! Keep Rolling Baby!
YOURE LEAVING?????? RUSSIA? YAYYYYYYYYYY
LOCK UP LIBERAL MEDIA. 18 US CODE 2331
follow your campaign promises, bring in successful business people not republican hacks.
Since your not taking a presidential salary, then why not donate  it back to social security or Veterans or other..
He is already donating his check because he not allowed to "not take a salary, as president ".
Mr President, where/how will you be announcing your new appointments? We're especially interested in Treasury Secretary.
u need to work on your begging skills.
Livesquawk customers predicted a @realDonaldTrump victory in our election poll. They must have been well informed!
lol ya, the "we were with you all along!" schtick. Too little too late!
hopefully swamp will be drained and promises kept
Please please, appoint Malik as USA ambassador to Kenya.
, at last to have our govt in the hands of The People's PRESIDENT TRUMP! Elected bc  Trump brain is Good! ;) @MAGA! \/
God Bless you and God Bless America
Congratulations.  I'm excited about the future of our country. I'm retired & want to help you achieve your goals.  Robin
you'll never be my President
pack your bags and move to Canada or Mexico nobody will miss any of you!
I don't have to move....I'll forever be a voice of dissent to this presidency
sounds like the mainstream media
BUILD THE WALL!!!
Let them fly over! Let them fly over!
Climate Change is real bro. Think about your grandchildren
Didn’t read that but she’s bankrolled by Frackers and Bankers so no surprise. Also go buckeyes!
God bless you and Beautiful Chicago!
God bless! God is with Us! I pray for everyone, every Beautiful State, Our Great USA
God bless and protect you  Dr. Jim Allen! Have a blessed and Beautiful Sunday on Trump Train!
AMEN.Together we can MAGA! Starting with our prayers our families! God bless us!Blessed night on Trump Train
God bless you dear Marcia, we're united for Our Love to Our God, Our Great USA and Mr Trump Our President!
When you've lied on your resume but you get the job anyway. @realDonaldTrump
I know Obama really shouldn't have done that
come January 20 he's gone

Only the dumbest of the dumb will share this tweet.
Remind me again how many seats you have in Britains Parliament? Oh that's right, NONE. Keep fighting a losing battle. Bunch of morons.
We don’t want power over others. We want actual socialism where the people will collectively be in control of their lives.
The government is in control under socialism. That's exactly what the Libby machine wants. Control over the citizens of the United States.
Strict government control of an economy is called state capitalism (Google it). This is socialism ---> http://www.worldsocialism.org/english/what-socialism …
Call it what ever you want, it's still socialism!
It is your right to remain ignorant if you wish to.

We didn’t lose. We did not want Hillary either. The people who lost are those suffering under capitalism.
capitalism works and keeps us working
Sure. Capitalism works for the asset-owning rich and keeps most of us working for low pay to keep making those parasites profits.
I feel for you I really do take your arguments up with the Haitians
ASSHOLE
U must be 1 of those filthy mouthed women who was oddly offended by DT saying the 'P' word 11 yrs ago. SMH.
ODDLY OFFENDED, THANK-YOU FOR CEMENTING WHAT I THOUGHT ABOUT MAJORITY OF TRUMP SUPPORTERS!!!!!!!

maybe he is not. But the whole American think being racist is totally ok BECAUSE of HIM!
Wrong!  The media has lied to you.  I would not support a racist, bigot, or sexist
Amen, brother! I would *never* support a racist, homophobic, sexist because I'm a gay man of color myself! #MAGA @845178024lisa
people have a tendency of voting against their own self interest sometimes.
You're right, Americans always vote against their interests when they vote for Democrats! #MAGA @OPMpaul @845178024lisa
those monsters!
Praying you make the right decisions today as our future president. God bless your decision making process!!
The devil was. On her side! That's what.
here's some advice on climate change adapt or die move to Higher Ground
you can't compete with volcanic activity, and you can't use electricity to push airplanes, these are facts.
again, ground all aircraft, port all ships not nuclear, then I will believe that I need to choke my truck, otherwise, it's about $$.
It doesn't mean no more planes. Reducing fossil fuels will keep the env livable. Why u want  US cities polluted?
first of all, it ain't fossil fuels. We're drilling 2 miles down, that's the Bakken, 2.5 miles down is the 3 forks.....
.@realDonaldTrump release your birth certificate!
and taxes. Also your foundation records.
HILLARY CLINTON FOUNDATION IS UNDER INVESTIGATION..lol
OMGGGGG!
#GETREAL #EXCUSES #WomenForTrump  #Change #HILLARYFORPRISON #CORRUPTION
So is the Trump Foundation and "Trump University." You're an idiot. Keep watching Bill O'Reilly.
See Now Y U Gotta Call Names?
Its Soo Sad and Unfortunately PPL LIKE U R Y THERE'S FIGHTS AND BS GOING ON GO GET DRUNK BITCH!
#hadenoughnow
please chill
Dan, this bitch needs Netflix and chill really fast. I know a guy who can grab your pussy to help
that's not nice. Let's not do this
The art of the deal says "Surround yourself with the best people". Sarah Palin is not the best ppl. 2 yr degree? SERIOUSLY?
Lisa is a fake account, a liberal loser with no follower. @LBlake1967 @realDonaldTrump
Up yours. I have a real life that is not spent on social media.
old out of touch white guys
Got a problem with a particular age or race. No need to be racist or ageist dude.
I declare your legacy surprises us all and even reveals a greater you to yourself. I speak protection and angels counseling you.
Legacy? He won't last 6 mos at most. Short attention span and hot temper. We'll all be nuked.
Allen West warns that all that niceness from Obama is totally fake and he is seething with hate and revenge. Keep eyeon him

marching> paid riots; gtfo
she will end up winning popular vote for 4 million and we're all moving to your town.
nope. #wrong numbers from today
@transition2017
@ericbolling Me President we will be praying for you in this time of haveing to make some tough decisions . God Bless You
So very happy, excited that you won!!! Looking forward to the great 4 (hopefully 8) years ahead!!
Trump will #MAGA, He didn't run  4 interest groups 2 keep their motives moving, he ran to stop them, 4 you and me and USA
my 2 cents...look to divine intervention. Worked for our forefathers.
are you now?
hahahahahahahahaha
you will be are best president we have had in years very proud of my vote for you god bless you my president
Treat all former Democratic politicians with a pinch of salt and a lot of suspicion Mr @realDonaldTrump
Great job on 60 minutes interview #American #UnitedStates
Please abolish the IRS
so far your choices are looking pretty lousy!
kenya where am from and tha world at large hope your decisions will impact positively on mother earth.
Ya think??
Donald: you need Doctor Engineers, PhD Engineers in your cabinet.  South Korea, China, Taiwan, Japan ALL ENGINEERS.  Do it!
congratulations on becoming president
please keep your promises Obama care gone, build the wall, and put Hillary in jail.  Please
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
WHITE NATIONALISTRACIST WIFE BEATER - COME THE HELL ON. MAKE AMERICA GRIEVE AGAIN
Reince Priebus why?
U should have clarified when u said u would drain the swamp it was just to put in worst monsters!!!
@RepRonPaul should be your pick for Secretary of State or Treasury
please add women to that group.
get rid of the MB deport all these barbarians.
Hope you never stop your tweets..
Oh yeah,  your patsies & ass kissers and of course family members! #NotMyPresident
BEST OF LUCK FROM UK 
Stay clear of Priebus HE IS NOT YOUR FRIEND
you are a present
Awoke in the middle of the night concerned for your safety!
mr Trump don't forget you got less votes than H Clinton u got electro college votes N you said 8yrs ago it's no good u rite
now it's your turn which new terrorist plan you have..
Chris Christie is the biggest corrupt pig you have ..get  rid of him
, Listen to your children, choose younger people and avoid the establishment! keep your words!
O QUE É LEGAL, SERÁ LEGAL .
AQUILO QUE FOR ILEGAL, SERÁ ILEGAL !

Isto somente valorizará o LEGAL .
as long as it's not you!
pick me for Tsar of common sense. I don't need paid. Logan County GOP committee Chairman Donald Keezer. Paris Arkansas
All your KKK and Demon allies? You will NEVER BE MY PRESIDENT!! I REBUKE YOU SATAN IN JESUS NAME!! #NotMyPresident
you are a chosen President by God, no one will that, a blessing for many nations. Obama and killary are not Democratic.
#AmericaCelebratesTrumpWin
too busy to attend any veteran events???  Show is over, you don't have to act like you care about them anymore.
@transition2017 Bolton for Sec of State, Ingram for Press Sec and Gowdy for AG... Wld be reassuring solid #MAGA choices!
I hope you consider Mr. Gerstenmaier, Ms. Ochoa or Mr. Geyer for NASA Administrator. @realDonaldTrump @TejasKat
Can I be your Secretary of State?  I already have experience!
Yep.  Gotta pick this career politicians, lobbyists, and White Nationalists.
good luck with that one, buddy
really did you have to do this?  breitbart is pure poison. everyone cool w COS choice.  not this. http://www.nydailynews.com/news/election/trump-campaign-ceo-bannon-complained-jews-daughters-school-article-1.2767615 …
Best of luck, Mr. President-elect.
When the military police come in the dead of night for your neighbors, 
WHAT WILL YOU ?
Looking forward to the future.
congrats Mr. President
Sounds like you are not draining the swamp. Palin?  OMG.  Seriously?  She is all kinds of crazy.
#trumptrain
Please consider picking intelligent, moderate people from both sides of the aisle.
I wouldn't spend to much time on it. Hopefully you will be in jail before your ever sworn into office.
Great job on your 60 minutes interview #American #UnitedStates
Yeah so far you have appointed a white nationalist and your vp is BEYOND anti-gay rights to even suggest conversion therapy
Comgratulation Mr. Trump elect!  I know u will get the job done!  Drain the swamp and Build that wall!  I Can't wait!
congratulations!
Just remember, you might not like what you find at the bottom of a drained swamp.
let's see how U handle the first challenge by an enemy. Always comes shortly after Jan 20. How many will die at your hands
where are the women in your cabinet??
Don't forget..what You decide will affect Us All....and How you react to how people are being treated Will be Your legacy..
i am so proud your are president god bless you

Sign a 2nd amend protection act. Make it illegal to change it by state or government as it was written.
Honest Economist Dr Ron 'Unc Sam' Paul for S.State!
...bring an authentic forefather for us Mr Prez!!
Lord help us all!!! #notmypresident #troll #help
please follow your heart....that's why I voted for you!
Sarah Palin at Interiors - so much for the promise of jobs, COMRADE Trump
be nice to kamala Harris. She is the future of the democrats. Better to neutralize her Donnie.
Don't think New Yorkers will quietly allow you to hang out here on weekends. We didn't want you. We didn't vote for you.
Get the hell out of NYC and NYS until you can represent our values.
Trump is ugly inside and out, and his decisions are based on who supports him rather than what us best for America
Instead of "draining the swamp" you're filling your cabinet with swamp slime.
Thanks dad
Yeah, and he starts by appointing anti-semites, racists and fascist to what will be the Trump@Kkk presidency
Can't wait for that. Have a good one!
congrats mr.president.dont forget to make african better also
Prayers  for You.
Not Bolton!
Please pick a constitutionalist like @Judgenap for SCJ!
transparency, honest and America first leaders only. Build the wall. Can't trust Ryan, Obama, McCain,Graham, mcconnell.
hahaha u don't make decisions, your kids do-even they know you're not fit. lol Go play golf, grab some genitals, take a nap
Bannon decision awful. Please do not allow WH to be megaphone for bigotry and hatred.
Conducting illegal wars that kill innocent people is a SIN! We elected a Warrior not a Unifier.
Love the power, dontcha...you narcissist. You are not fooling most of us.
Please don't make Billy Bush Press Secretary!
No rush american can wait for disasters and recession. in 2 years will see the recession..

#TreyGowdyforAttorneyGeneral #MakeTheJusticeDepartmentGreatAgain
I know this is all a big joke to you, but you really need to just step down before this get any worse. Enough is enough.
Rumor is you're hiring some hacks.
Only the best.
Maj.Leader must play ball.
Send legislation to congress.
Use A-B Testing.
it's so sad that you make a couple changes and all of a sudden the media has your team "fractured" and being "purged".
make America happy again, "DROP DEAD."
um, you're running our government. You didn't know that did you?
c
Trey Gowdy for DOJ..Hillary's worse nightmare. she must be held accountable. New FBI director..Comey must go.
I'm 100% loyal to you
Very nice! JK you are doing a terrible job already, if your goal is to help and unite all Americans.
hopefully America will unite and prevent you from taking office or immediately impeach you!
I just can't believe it, I mean YOU? Seriously? This is a really bad joke from a really awfull nightmare of 4 years #damnit
I support you sir.
Congrats. Drain the swamp. No more  " liberal " elitism. Ireland supports you, and America. Pete.
You will not have an administration. You will be found unfit for office.
I have an idea to help you calming protesters down. I do not know how to email you.
why would you announce Bannon as close advisor and media strategist if you want to be leader? not conducive, bad advice
make sure you kick the UN out of the country!!!
I like how I can call our president a knob slobber
I have written my vision for "Draining the Swamp".  How can I get that to you?  Is there an email address?  Ann G. Cline
@transition2017 Donald I voted for you to drain the swamp @nikkihaley  is not Drain the Swamp not Qualified do not pick her
.@realDonaldTrump @sargeofny SAY NO TO EVA MOSKOWITZ, TONY BENNETT AND/OR MICHELLE RHEE IN EDUCATION. #StopFedEd #StopDataMiningMyKids
'very important decisions on the people who will be ruining our government'
- Dame it! I missed all of the Trump Rallies. Congratulation!This will never happen again in Sacramento, CA. Next election
YOU ARE THE MODERN HERCULE!YOU have DEFEATED HERA AND HADES!THE WORLD CAN FINALLY SEE A TRUE LEADER #TRUMP2016 #TRUMP2020
