Not a chance he'll be a graceful loser, he'll scream about rigged polls and other bullshit.
HAHAHAHAHAH Who's doing the screaming, murdering, throwing fits????  HAHAHAHAHAHA!
HAHAHAHAHA!!!!  Made ya tweet!  You libs crack me up!!
impeachment for trump
Very glad to have you in NC!
Huge victory. Congratulation from Lothar, Berlin, Germany !
MAINSTREAM MEDIA really tried to screw me and you. I JUST LEARNED OF YOUR "NEW DEAL FOR BLACKS"
And sir with all do respect
Bots and crazies great following you have trump
Big D I want to work 4u bro! Im a great public speaker &would love2 peacefully address protesters
Mr. President, This is the night before our victory at your star, yet 2B repaired, on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame.
wll done Mr President Elect Trump. You are the leadership the world needs.
Mr. President,
Please stop referring to us as "blacks". You should read the extended definitions of "black" in dictionary
.
And then trump laughs and says "suckers"
... Smh
Enough of this madness people, Trump will never win this election no matter how he trying to pollute the mind of SD some
I still believe he's the wrong man for The job, but I wish him well
To have the Devil running the Country.  That will never happen! Go on back to your Tower!
We are 3 days away from making sure you never set one hairy toe or paunchy gut in the White House.
wow!
Here's mah trump boodoo doll. @realDonaldTrump
The only instance of confirmed fraud so far, was a Trump supporter arrested for voting twice.
You're definately a Trump supporter. Clueless, misinformed, and an unintelligent meme responder. Good job.
Too bad he's dead in the water. 0% chance. Sorry you can't see past his BS. I feel bad for you.
Mr. President 
I shot this the night before our victory at your star, yet to be replaced, on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame.
how will you protect Americans of color against all the hate crime that's beginning. Please reply
If you win, the Republic is dead


Trump is gonna loose bigly
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!
Fake account! What frog is for drain the swamp? It is your home.
a vote for Trump is a vote for stupidity watch your stocks tank genius
Trump has a greaterchance of going to jail for rape than she does for the deplorable conspiracies that are fiction
blind democratic
Mr. President, please retrieve the bust of Winston Churchill that Obama gave back to England.
Mr Trump is the System Rigged now that you won???
So happy in Ohio that you will be our next President. I have total faith you will do a great job!
Are You Going To Park Up The Trump Jet Now YOU HAVE AF1
we soo sad for Clinton. We wish her to become  america president  coz  trump will  get us trouble with  the countries
Satan Allah fucked up
I'm starting to see true hope for the entire world. #destiny
win!
sorry I voted for Hillary our next President of the United State of America
I left the coast too soon! My heart was there anyway 
we are all behind you here in New Jersey #TrumpForPrez
Chesapeake .ca looking good for trump lines heavy most for trump
a free country doesn't allow kkk&terrorist cops to stop&frisk.
the change isnt you
The fate of our Great Nation truly hangs above the abyss today. May god be with you today Mr. Trump! We are all behind you!
here in Wilmington Volunteering for Trump_We are having a great time! GO VOTE TRUMP TODAY
. Vote trump
Best wishes
@queenstrawbs whatyouseeiswhatyouget!GoodLuckfor2moro
I live in California & have been waiting to vote for Donald Trump for at least 8 years!
your gonna lose.  Vote hillary.  The only candidate who cares about the people of this ciuntry
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2016/11/04/politics/rudy-giuliani-hillary-clinton-email-fbi/index.html … More lies from the Trump campaign. #unfit #compulsiveliar #sexualpreditor #deplorable #racist
Wilmington doesn't like you. Never come back.

watch out, Obama dumping refugees to red states to make them blue in the future.
after tomorrow you're gone. Don't come back.
i know! Changes like marriage equality for LGBTQ and taking assertive action against global warming. Thanks
Go TrumpGo,                           Go Trump Go Hey America what a ya say Trump is gonna win today !!

Focus n your Millennials & Singles  TRUMP!! That  is where your Votes are!!
I will be there for Us... You and the American people
#LetTrumpTweet #FreeDonaldsTwitter
delusional 2 bad he didn't get assassinated we would all be better off death to drumpf
the drumpf is rigged what a loser
right u see what I see a ORANGE LOSER
You are right we'll have the first woman president!
I live in Wake county (NC's battleground county).  I have only met one person that is voting for you Wake County For HRC
Dimitri sorry dude he cannot make it.
Donald must be fired all his  staffs because they suppose to teach him how politic runs
my wife VOTed TRUMP
MR.President
we love you
Hillary for President!
God Bless Donald J Trump  @HillaryClinton is a crook
Great crowd and great message. Loved Melania!!!
when are you and family closing yr oversea factories and back to usa
"your entire life?" Suggesting America wasn't great during anyone's lifetime?

I voted for u
give same message to Latinos as Cubans. Free them from corrupt Mexican/drug lord govt...and China, etc. with trade deals
Family fund Klinton's"Clinton Foundation'confirmed that accepted $1billion from Qatar.we were right!
So mr Trump when is your Fruad trial coming & your rape trial coming aren't they in November
#absolutely#needchange
And White House tours will only be allowed for underage girls.
what is this inane posting about? Really, really dull stuff. Badly advised, don't pay them.
I volunteered in Wilmington, North Carolina. Had a Great time. Trump all the way!!!

DISHBAG DONT EVER COME TO OUR LAND YOU ARE FULL OF BS.  YOU ARE IN WITH PUTIN READ NEWSWEEK. YOU ARE FILLED WITH HATE
trump is turning into the Jim Jones of his "movement". Ugly.
Trust me nobody has been waiting for the change you say you are going to bring! #NeverTrump #VoteWiselyNeverTrump
But we all know you bringing change is just another lie You'll be another puppet for the GOP doing exactly what they want!
you know the GOP, people who actually don't support you &  don't want you! You'll be their Lacky  #NeverTrump #TrumpLies
Trump looks like a candidate who's running to the US presidency 2 years after the industrial revolution.
who runs Twitter for you now? They got u by the pussy   Lol
Wat aardig dat ze je weer laten twitteren.
2016 #Hitler 1936#Mussolini 1918 World know what happened 1 wrong man can put #destruction in the #world but today in Hr
I live in North Carolina and I voted for you.  I believe the Lord is going to give you the strength to clean up this mess!
go Trump 2016 beat the corruption nd lair Killary rotten clickton...
Never Trump
I Wii never vote again if that evil woman wins
#fucktwitter @twitter @hashtag #mtv @foxnews
Thank you North Carolina
I want to change my last name to Clinton, so I can do whatever the hell I want and not get in trouble for it!#DrainTheSwamp
Let's make America great again! After you win on Tuesday get rid of the Washington bureaucrats that only occupy positions.
.@american1969 @KiKeRiascos @realDonaldTrump 
#November08
Donald trump you win viva news president
no more status quo. No more politricks and lies that make others killed and too much bloodshed in the world #MAGA
Thank you Mr Trump for being the real American badass! Win it for us, all of us, the real American Dream!!!!
-best summary of Trump-

"My son was Captain Humayun Khan ... and he was a Muslim American. I want to ask Mr. Trump: Would my son have a place in your America?” 
Right.  Good luck with the lies and bullshit! LOLOL
OH, they are so MEAN to me. WAAAAAH? You can dish it out but you can't take it like a man. Run to your buddy Putin.
Donald trump
I'm from Washington state and my vote doesn't even matter ugh..... keep fighting we need you !!!!
Como te queda el ojo que te vamos a derotar! Jajaja. Wepa que pela. FBI ;-p
Clinton cleared AGAIN: do you finally get the message?
you go Mr. Trump.
YES!!! Three days and the change we want!! Hillary becomes President!!
hey what did I do? Lol
U will be excused 4 your lack of controll due to your mental disability. Only a disabled can poke fun @ other disabled ppl
Mother fuck Trump No mores .  go Clinton Precident USA
YES THAK YOU N. CAROLINA!!!
IDAHO HERE VOTIN TRUMP 
@karennola719 Trump you are a human smart tough doing your best, if anything happen 4 ever never Trump Republicans to blane
our entire life? 


I think it is time to fire Kellyanne.  She is an embarrassment.  She talks like a hick.  OUT
we are only 2 days away from throwing Donald's ass out of town!
Correct. Our first woman president!
Go get them Mr. Trump.
WE LOVE YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP!!
we know it's not you you bully. They got your Twitter account didn't they LOL
WTF she should be in jail
I am praying for you and your family and all of Americans we need a change NOW NOT LATER #MAGA
I could not be happier because I won't have to see your fake face again  u will be FIRED Tuesday 
HISPANOS LET'S MAKE THE DIFFERENCE VOTE FOR TRUMP/P NV8. HILLARY LOOK FOR A WW3 AND WANT TO GET A NEW ORDER.

WE MAY NEED A CHANGE, BUT YOU AIN'T IT....HILLARY IS THE CHANGE WE NEED....WE NEED A WOMANS TOUCH...NOT A MANIACS
Wilmington is racist! No wonder
omg equal rights for everyone?No racism? No homophobes? No sexists?No more it was just "locker room talk"?Would be great :)
Wake up and smell your movement Donnie
 You're toast

wrong
SMALL CROWD!
..and it's a truly terrifying prospect!
Yes!
Yes. A win for #HillaryClinton.
entire life? Really? I've only been looking for change since you got the nomination.  Change to a woman president that is!
such  a small plane. You brag it's bigger than potus airforce 1. I see just another bullshit  lie
Trump off TV every day and lickin his wounds is the change I'm hoping for.
what's up with all new PC Trump
So trump had his twitter taken away just like a small child. What does this say about his ability to lead the country.
HILLARY HAD ONLY 50 PEOPLE AT ONE OF THE TOWNS IN FLORIDA AND THEY Cancel the rally there.  Crowds are so small at her rall
If an apocalypse is change, by all means Trump is the answer!
WHY R TAX PAYERS PAYING FOR THE FUEL THAT OBAMA IS USING TO CAMPAIGN  FOR  HILLARY.  I WANT MY MONEY BACK NOW ITS WRONG.
@321Chapp we love you Mr. Trump you are the hope for America thank you for your sacrifice with Godshelp you will win
the world is watching #America take some advice from #Germany

Wow ok just when I refrained! That's the coolest promise ever!
she all ready started the Anti-bullying by stopping you from using Twitter
obviously she can't do this either, what a sad sad loser.
It is real: the most sinister night hovering over USA, the antichrist of world politics can win .... Donald Trump
@321Chapp we love you we thank you for your courage backbone&strength God bless you&ur with power from God in Jesus name
