are you watching CNN you better be
CIAo!
Thanks for your presence & support !  -Navy vet
Yes were brave patriots in that stadium...not sure you'd recognize those.
Putin get you tickets?
Yay! I love the energy and spirit at live games, congratulations teams on a great game!
.@realDonaldTrump But, Twitter really want to know how you felt about @nbcsnl? Or Tillerson's ties to Russia and Putin?
the military stands up for you. And I do too thans for saving helping & respecting our beloved military. Its about time USA
the military gave him standing ovation yesterday they mever did that for obama .support trump he will save
yes they say liberalism is a mental illness but its ok stand beside me and ypur pres we will help you
funny I saw same report about liberalism. Come give trump chance as I gave obama chance for 8 years
@realDonaldTrump
Thank you, Mr. President for supporting our troops!
yeah sending them to an oil war to support the rich. No to fossil fuel or the infrastructure that support
It's Christmas time, Nancy. Take a breath and breath a little Jesus.
It is always resistance time. The wicked don't rest so neither will I. Christmas is not scared Christ Is.
8 YEARS???  God help us!  TRUMP is a punchline not a President. 4 yrs of comedy!
God bless you, and guide you, Mr. Trump.
Soon he can shake off the rug and lead his own skin head prison gang. 
Treasonous Trump goes to  Prison
QUIT BEGGING. hILLary is YOUR CRIMINAL. 
#PresidentTrump 
Not my circus. Not my monkeys. 
In this case, your ASS-U-mptions only made an ass of you.
bwahahahaha love your LIBERAL TEARS...
#PresidentTrump !!!!
THE ELECTION RUSSIA HACKED THE ELECTION RUSSIA HACKED THE ELECTION RUSSIA HACKED THE ELECTION YOU BIG BOOBY MAN BABY
Don't you think USA needs to get away from perpetual wars?
You watch Donald? I pictured you Tweeting, taking selfies and sending them to Putin, grabbing women by their pussies.
now produce your tax returns #everyonepaysORnoonepays
#Traitors4Trump
Best in the World at everything you do 
هلا
i heard u never served in the armed forces.
& yet those cadets cheered him like Patton. I wonder why? You have to be special to get into the Academy
Real Men - take a look @Kaepernick7
¤ Correct. Unlike TRUMP who "bravely ran away".
He'll be serving now and he doesn't take a knee like Hillary and Kap did all year
¤ That'd be theoretically possible but for the likelihood he's already surrendered to RUSSIA.
You're wasting air on this planet so focused on sour grapes, you're going to miss opportunity
Mr.Trump please don't make Forex trading market unstable :-(
Only trump is real 
@realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump And yet you work for Putin, the person Army and Navy are supposed to protect us against.
QUIT BEGGING GhastlyAss. Putin is Trump's puppet. GET OVER IT. YOU LOST. WE WON. #PresidentTrump 
Footage of Mike Pence exorcising the homosexuality out of me at Conversion Camp https://twitter.com/RicheyCollazo/status/802789435813150720/photo/1pic.twitter.com/ASfvTxGUE3 
was an investor in Carrier before he gave them at least $7,000,000 in "tax breaks."This is pure corruption
#FRAUD
It was so special seeing you hide behind a wall of glass. You're a true man of the people.
because of brainwashed iditos like you. .id prefer that he lives in a bunker and never goes out in the world.
What's an idito?
thats you
only a rich kid, coward, draft dodger would know
.@realDonaldTrump Honestly if Army and Navy are doing their jobs, they'd be capturing and throwing YOU into the brig!

Shouldn't you be on your way to Russia?
it would have been interesting if you were in the actual army or navy...
#coward
Thank you for your support of our miltary! #MAGA
nothing like upstaging the president. You are without grace or class and have ruined USA image
You should have served in the armed forces instead of being a panzy.
Obama didn't neither and also  Clinton so stop whinning and deal with it. Trump keep tweeting!
I watched that game live, you said it wasn't the best football, is there anything you can't lie about?
@TIME 
Hitler
Hitle
Hitl
Hit
Hi
H
T
Tr
Tru
Trum
Trump

The men and women in our armed forces have done more for this country than you will ever do. You're a fraud.
what did Obama do for the past 8 years?  Why can't you give him a chance? Hilary would have been 8 more useless years
Obama was there at the game, too. In the stands, with real people, no fancy glass or self-promotion.
Obama is done. He is so looking forward to just being a celebrity. Guy was a horrible president.
60% approval rating, Trump is in the 30% range if that
give him a little more than 2 days
He's not the president.
THanks God Trump won!The world hates USA and Hellary for causing blood Watch the shocking video.
DEMOCRATIC PARTY USA increased HATERS & ENEMIES OF USA Worldwide & TRUMP ALWAYS INCREASED FRIENDS OF United States
Trump wants peace Hellary did war causing the world to hate us
The world a chaos complete disaster Her hands  covered with blood She corrupt received money from terrorists
simpra fie! !
fierce; I will contend with those who contend with you, and your children I will save. #MerryChristmas #InGodWeTrust [2/3]
While you were at game, America was reading this! You are a dirty illegitimate president! https://www.ft.com/content/33285dfa-9231-11e6-8df8-d3778b55a923 … via @FT
QUIT BEGGING. YOU LOST. HE WON. GET OVER IT. #PresidentTrump 
You & your 42 followers can celebrate Putin's win on Jan. 20. #trump is an orange stain on America's democracy. #russianwon
Obama's been wiping his muslim ass with OUR Constitution for 8 LONG YEARS. Russia had NOTHING to do with Trump's victory.
A seriously jackasinine statement, but that is to be expected. Remember, #trump is #Putinspuppet #FollowTrumpMoney
his money has been followed and nothing was found, know why? Cuz there's nothing to find
Bull. Can't follow #trump's money, because he hasn't released his taxes! https://www.ft.com/content/33285dfa-9231-11e6-8df8-d3778b55a923 …
Thanks for being real. Don't let me down
I was going 2 respond 2 your tweet, but then I saw this one. I can't stop laughing at you.
Matthew 5:8
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see God.
What's the Bible say about lying and grabbing pussy and greed and stuff like that?
No1 is perfect  why Christ came  died 4 us. When u start thinking u have a right 2 judge some1 need2 hit your knees
Pssst REAL religious folks wouldn't waste a Sunday on Twitter.
LOL I'm in California Church hasn't started yet. The only way for evil to Triumph is for good people to do nothing.
I've lived in the most religious part of this country and they don't limit their day o worship to a couple hts. You're a fraud
lol you have your opinion I know what side I'm on God's you better take the blinders off
Yeah...nice how you said the football wasn't very good...Great CIC #RevoteNow
Trump is your president, just figured you should know.
Not yet. 40 days to go & highly unlikely from Federal prison.
We'll see, I'll tweet you in 40 days when he's inaugurated. The only person who should be locked up is Hitlery.
... Hillary locked up for what? General Betray-Us did much worse than her!
http://www.dailywire.com/news/7177/fbi-yes-queen-hillary-broke-law-no-she-wont-be-ben-shapiro …, whatever you say.
You can take Putin next time, since you two are such good friends. #RussianInterference
at least he has a friend. Ahahahaha
oh dear, poor, poor response.
I'm not talking about Hillary though.
I'm talking about Donald not Hillary. He's the President Elect. He's the one under scrutiny
reduce spending on the military, its a bloated cash cow that could with slimming down drastically to spend elsewhere.
nope
nope says the dope.
what a witty well thought out response. Im almost impressed.
you should be. Military spending is totally out of control, its obese.
safety & security are priceless
erm no they are not and a huge military overspend does not guarantee either....
if they aren't...what's your life worth?
You see it as overspending, I see it as an investment for our future generations
"I would have joined, but my feet hurt." ~ Donald J. Trump
yeah military deferments but his doctor claims healthiest man ever elected president. More irony from trump tower
Be careful, your going to stain your silk panties with all those tears 
Thank you Mr President! A true patriot to support our armed forces!!!
missed seeing you in Baton Rouge I was moving FEMA houses!! Just saw your plane over the bridge!!
You, Sir, are a true American and President of The People. Thank you so much for staying engaged. We love and support you.
the game would have been much more interesting if you were not there...#crookedDonald
go go
Good those bone spurs let you attend.
You, with Russia's help, are destroying an already great America. #unhinged #unstable #unfit #notmypresident
But you were hoping for actual combat.                                   Sad.
boo army! Stand up action president elect Trump! Way to go
yet you mocked American POWs tortured in a war you dodged.  Have u no sense of decency? #MAGA #Trump
Hell is definitely starting to freeze over, Romney & Fiorina for SoS / NID, and now a tweet on which Trump and I agree! ;-)
Hello, Mr President
Were you trolling for more purple hearts?
Happy Holidays
I bet you can't wait to send them to their deaths in the name of profits.
That's nice but divesting your foreign businesses that you are PROHIBITED BY THE CONSTITUTION from owning is better #Drumpf
Thank you for attending!! You are truly a Patriotic American who respects our military!  SO GLAD YOU WON!!!!!!!
You said they weren't that great 
Only because they weren't POW's. Cause you don't like service members/veterans who were captured.
I think I saw @realDonaldTrump tossing back tic tacs during that game.  Is he a switch-hitter now?  Maybe he just has a uniform fetish?
Mr Trump, some idiot talk show host here in west coast  scaring people -a republican senator Texas-a bill to cut SS.
saw u I was in front of plexiglass..Great 2 c u there. Unlike our current CIC who only attended once. #GoArmyBeatNavy
absolutely beautiful. So proud of all of them. So amazing men there. That is how it is done.
Support our military. They ensure our freedom in America #Vet #RespectTheFlag
: you are still a Russian lackey - Putin's cuck.
you're a traitor! Oh, one more thing, you make us want to puke. Americans hate Trump
why go to a cozy football game?  Why not visit all the poor soldiers you duped into voting for you???
Nice try, but being at the Army/Navy football game does not count as "intelligence briefings"
As if you have a fucking clue about anything military, ye malingering coward.
why did they not play with guns? Makes for a better game! #america #football and #guns
Rome fell while the Romans watched the games in the Coliseum.
Why don't you take intelligence briefings instead of watch football?
Bullshit - you will never understand...
now, bring back Hank Jr to MNF.
you shouldn't be allowed at any military anything! traitor!
We love you President Trump!

Yeah, too bad you took every opportunity to dodge joining the ranks of those brave and selfless heros.
So you ran on "protecting our borders" and now The CIA is lying about Russia? Just be quiet..
#fucktrump #notmypresident
Thank you for attending! I don't believe the current Commander-in-Chief has ever been....Says a lot!
I am so glad you are doing these things you have never done before...spending time with us commoners. God bless you bossman
remember the time you bankrupted an entire football league?
I think you should consider cyberwar as a real threat. When they steal info from USA, they use it against US.
Mr Trump What do u think of the NCAA signed by Obama in the dead of nite/misnite2012?Most Military do not like it!
Energizing to hear the crowd wildly cheer President Elect vs. Boos for current leadership the past few years. Go Navy!
boy, all those enlisted men must've been thrilled  #DonTheCon
That's was the best game all year.Go ARMY
Is Maryland set to lose because of Rep. Gov. Hogan's notrumper status? MD is set for a big deficit in this session already!
Didn't you make fun of the game?
Did you share with them about your 5 diiferrments?  http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/290105-trump-got-five-draft-deferments-during-vietnam …
Baby little man trump hid behind bullet proof glass while our wonderful, intelligent, articulate President Obama sat amongst the cadets!
amen brother
Who cares?
Did you tell any of the cadets that you'll be sending them overseas to Die and Murder for money?
Much better than being in the actual army or navy I guess.
Focus on American Manufacturing Jobs. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/05/business/dealbook/manufacturing-jobs-donald-trump-elon-musk.html …
Damn, go to the briefings. Stop by tweeting.
the atmosphere was electrifying! You showing up gave the extra "jolt" . It's amazing when your CIC supports you
Kiss your loved ones goodbye! They going to war somewhere!
Go Army!!!
Remember when everyone thought u were funny-not-funny on this  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNa2B5zHfbQ … … #RussianInterference #Russianhack
especially for a draft dodger
Pay your fucking taxes so you can actually support the Army and Navy!
you never had the makings of a varsity athlete
It was Baltimore who truly suffered from your presence
what about Russia??
you wish you didn't have those darn bone spurs or you be playing too right?
Deaths claimed by Dylan Roof believed blacks kill more whites CUZ TRUMP LYIN tweets   http://nydn.us/29zgmPa 
wishwazU
Were you in the Army or Navy?  Oh I forgot, deferments!
Go Army!!!
Were your sons ever in the military? I don't mean military "school." I know they shoot defenseless animals...

so do you plan again to fund Pakistan  which they would use against USA  and India  for terrorism
I was so proud to see you at #ArmyNavyGameDay 
YOU are the epitome of #Patriotic #PresidentTrump
 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Loved your comments about the amazing men and women,from both the Army and Navy, that keep us all safe!!
Romney can fix the VA have him do that it is so important. I read terrible stuff each day about the VA!   .
Now why couldn't you try to be nice when you were actually there?
#BeatNavy #BeatNavy #BeatNavy #WeDid #SangSecond
ur r a wonderful man president elect Trump
, bless you for your military service to America! http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/photos-show-trump-military-garb-dodging-draft-article-1.2298248 … #maga #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @gop #Trump
http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/02/20/draft-dodger-donald-trump-held-bikini-competition-in-vietnam.html …
Now thats a good tweet Donald.  I like it when u r positive!!
way to throw shade at them during ur interview. Sad and embarrassing.
well you sure sucked the spirit from all branches of the service and the CIA with your reckless statement. #TraitorDon
Whats the consensus on how long it takes Trump to lift the sanctions against Russia? a day....a week? Vlad Loves you
shut up.  Get to work.
Thanks for being there @realDonaldTrump . Army vs Navy = no losers, all winners.
uh, have you heard of USAFA? #fail #gofalcons #usaf #usafa #goairforce

congrats on spelling everything right in this tweet!
Perhaps you should do like obama and actually go and be with the people.  Too scared to do it?

@turrbohirsch same spirit at your rally's  ! Please come to MA or NH I voted for you :)
yeah but not before you dissed their playing I'd rather #watchpaintdry than listen do anything you have to say
why did you insult the football players, coward don? What branch did you serve in draft dodger? #minorityPresident
I read all your tweets in Peter Serafinowicz's Sassy Trump voice. It makes them much better.
Just think, once sworn in you can make the Army and Navy fight each other for real!
@hardball @oreillyfactor you enjoyed army navy football game tell us about your military draft deferment during Vietnam war
how about #freedom is Fantastic and The Spirit of America where these United States is our Stadium..Trump!!
you are the most boring, non-inspirational, un-knowledgeable, most disrespectful and full of hate president-elect EVER.
LOVE YOU MR PRESIDENT ELECT TRUMP GOD BLESS YOU
Please stop sending our boys in harm's way unless it's absolutely necessary.  Send crooked politicians in first.
thanks for your supportive and patriotic heart for our military!
IfUreally supported our troopsUwould pay taxes. Instead of hiding behind bulletproof glassUshould have been with them.
and to think you could have been even closer to it, if you didn't have bone spurs back then and had to dodge the draft.
I guess it is better than golf or cutting brush!
https://youtu.be/nZiCfCuMnJ4 
show us your taxes
Much better statement then what he said at game. He should write down what he is going to say.
your excitement was too much!!! No one arguing so you couldn't cry making it "nice, wonderful game" awkward much?
WAH!
Melania had to explain to me what the plays meant.
And the players were SO SCAWY!
Change my diaper!
That would be the 20th time in over 100 years a @POTUS or Potus Elect has attended. It's not a FUN JOB, TRY STAFFING THE WH
God Bless you Mr. Trump and keep you safe.
suck it
For you it certainly was not the spirit of patriotism! Perhaps you would be more at home at a Russian game!!
Dude seriously... Shut the fuck up already. Nobody but the dumber half of America cares.
Just think you could have gone to either Academy and served your country but instead you dodged the draft.

Their football isn't up to yr level of sportsmanship? They're going to defend our country in June, not Alabama. #goarmynavy
