Pence WON HANDS DOWN.What genius can come from Lucifer worshipers?
Warning, hillary is going to RIG THIS ELECTION, that's why the media is so cocky..
President, these Luciferian's have to bring in the antichrist as a peacemaker after WW3 and then communism.
President you are chosen by God  to fight Satan, fight, knock him with Hillary down.

All aboard the Trump Train.... Next stop 1600 Pennsylvania Ave
it's not stopping though dude. It keeps going to Racist Avenue at Loserville
the racist avenue that the democrats own and try to hide!!! Nice job... Next!!!
you seem like a popular guy Dave 
yeah and I want my country back from idiotic democrat policies that have led to our current problems....
oh behave.
also blacks have been suckered to vote democrat since LBJ. Quote "I'll have those (n) voting democrat for the next 200 years
Time for you to go. You have no chance to win. I have been a big supporter but no more. Leave now and save the party!
@mdjtraveler wear Red shirts on Election Day. A sea of Red will make it hard for Clinton to rig election.
How can you claim to have spent your life working 4 women & children? And she be the one who defends the child rapist.!
Say NO to Hillary she's a liar! She humiliated a 12 year old in court after she was brutally raped & got the attacker off

@AlMoutazTayeb Boss, business man and Mr. President of USA 
and he is the father of the most beautiful daughter ever!
let's keep this one on the bench for a while 
lol. Ready Pak!
can't wait to see what you tweet
Tell Mike not to shake his head!
Watching now.
@aligad_ 

Congratulations we accept the V any way
great start GovPence
Did Kaine get the questions beforehand like Hillary did??

Clinton 50% (+6)
Trump 44%
Those numbers came from the latest NBC/Survey Monkey poll. The only D+9 anywhere is in his dreams.
Did you think up that tweet all by yourself?

he is gonna wreck em
our military got bin laden nt Hillary. I have my doubts he is dead

I hope Gov Pence takes no prisoners
Are the adults supervising? I hope not, if you're live tweeting from Vegas I don't even need The Apprentice.
The Clown threat is Real!  Here is their exalted Ruler!
Hold your horses :-)
be a good boy tonite
Go after her...offense...she's a Master Baiter...don't take the bait!   Go after all her "Hillapocracy"
Pence is getting under Kaine's skin!
love you God is whit you don't feel alone never 
TRUMP PENCE 2016
i am hoping you do not make yourself to big
YOU BETTER GO AND HIDE UNDER YOU BED BECAUSE BOTH IF YOU ARE LOSERS!!!
Mr. Pence is doing an amazing job
I find it odd that coincidentally, Hillarys campaign logo resembles an airplane going thru the twin towers...scary 
#trump
does it bother you when Melania vomits after you try and have sex with her?
Why don't you do something productive and jump out your window.
strap it on-!
I enjoyed what I got to hear Mike Pence say. McCain kept interrupting everything he said. Kane is no good
Duct tape
Go team Trump prayer w/ Pence
@Mo3ath_sal7 هههههههههههههه الله يستر
Mikey is running for president 2020.  Who is your VP candidate?
stay calm in Sunday debt . bring up Bengonr.THANKS!!
we love you Mr Trump. We all know this guy's nuts . He's confusing illegals like (cont) http://tl.gd/nmvk1v 
@abom3eedh enjooooooy abom3eeeeedh 
@mike_pence U GO: OUR next VP. #TrumpPence16 #VPDebate

great job tonight in the debate! It's nice to see the passion you have. Make America Great Again!
@iiNazNar كفو ي ترامب ي شرموط
Mr. Trump please keep addressing how you will get the drug use and fatalities under control in this country!
... so, my new phone?

العلم والله سلامتكم لكن عشاك انت وربعك عندنا الليله قل تم
Erratic who you calling erratic !
"Whee I get to get out tonnight!"
we are voting for u trump the Chapman family

moderator terrible
hopefully you don't win and + I'm surprised you know hot to use Twitter
You were wrong
@Bike2_ 
Duct
Tape for Keane
not whAt was asled
Go Big Mike!!!!!!!!!!!

Hell yes!! WE Got This! Thank you Mr. Trump!

What a tremendous comfort to know we will have a president Trump, who's motivation is NOT personal gain!
Amen
we cant afford 4 more years of liberal socialism
bad luck to pence!
Thanks moderator.  Kaine is annoying @realDonaldTrump
put the phone away. It gets you in deep sh-t
Mr Trump Met u @charity event @MaraLago few yrs ago  I'm big supporter w/my fellow physicians & struggle daily w/Obamacare
love you trump
ENJOY: Hillary has an 80 percent change of winning. YOU LOSER! http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/upshot/presidential-polls-forecast.html?_r=0 …
.   Pince needs to ponch Kane in the mouth...
they get chairs?
#Trump  is a cuck. @realDonaldTrump

Go Trump-Pence. Make America great again.
@timkaine is only dishing up sound bites
no doubt Pence will do a  better job representing R's than you as a liberal D.  He is your only hope #VPDebate
done say anything stupid
go #Pence
#TRUMP #VPDEBATE https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/jul/20/donald-trump-sexual-assault-allegations-jill-harth-interview … @realDonaldTrump
he's got killarys flying monkey rattled
pence will do great
Pence is going to be the BEST
go get em!!!!
Who is babysitting you?
good luck tonight
split screen unfair
Let'do it.
Pence has it in the bag! Kaine is obnoxious and rude. All he's doing is bashing you.
look at Dopey Kaine reading over his notes... Not even prepared!!! Go Pence!!!
You insult people based on their looks like a kid in grade school.
@TeamTrump Kaine stop using the one woman's card in this
good always beats evil..
We love you, man!
MAGA
Sir, there is no doubt in my mind the My Governor Pence is going to get it done for you tonight.
I will! My money is on Pence...
LOSER
you should have picked the moderator as your running mate.
Mike looks trustworthy
Support you 100%, but not your tweetfests. Please don't Tweet. Thank you Sir.

I am ready!!!
Love you!!!!
Good luck sir!
If #Trump wants to win, he goes "full policy" and "0 insults" and let Dems "go low" scrabbling to defeat
Here we go! Enjoy!
who is babysitting you tonight?
once again Trumps tweets prove how childish he his.
Why do you give Kane so much time. And cut off pence
@TeamTrump what kind a flag is that Kaine has on doesn't look like the American flag to me another crook like Hillary
Can they let Pence talk !!!
Let the psychotic rambling begin!!!
Try not to tweet anything good or bad involving the race of the moderator, and no nicknames... any of that will end badly.
in the words of Mr. Miyagi.... Wax On Wax Off.... Wipe it Clean Pence... Doing awesome
.@realDonaldTrump Pence will win!
he already has
yeah!!! Pence and Trump
What are you planning?
hope it doesn't get too one sided. America deserves a fair debate.
HILLARY CLINTON IN "THE HAND THAT ROCKS THE WHITE HOUSE!"
Good Luck...

bizdev
Kaine started out by making a fool of himself by disrespecting Mike Pences time to talk and interrupting continuously

I hate you
You're not having trouble with your keyboard or phone?
He asked Kellyanne Conway....
Stay off Twitter
you lost!
Anyo e have a gag duct tape.  To.Shut up Keane##!!!!!
pence speak up! !!!
Thanks, Don, we will!
lol
Taxes wtf, you agree?
Looking forward to seeing Pence trounce Kaine. Watching on @infowars with baited breath!
MR TRUMP be cool . You are great but sometimes on twitter you need an intervention . You out to have it on tv hehe
Right on Mike - stay with what we care about------blabbermouth Kaine needs his AADA pills
Try not to be annoying and be all over my timeline.
What network you watching?  We watch PBS.
I bet if @realDonaldTrump  used a MINI TELEPROMPTER
at
#debates 
#MediaBias would run it all day long
 http://youtu.be/CIuCe-ttDfw 

#VPDebate
so freaking hyped!
ADVICE! HIRE AN INVESTIGATIVE TEAM TO UNCOVER EVERY SCRAP OF DIRT ON KAINE! THEN BEGIN TO RELEASE IT 2 PUBLIC VIA 3rd PARTY
let's go we will enjoy
Bishplis
@TeamTrump Trump never said that you just put words in his mouth you should be a shame
Shut Up T Rump...you have a severe case of NPD...
pence had this!

jump o
In Pence
let's do this #TrumpTrain ..let's go PENCE
Figures, KAINE talks about protests
Pence is hitting it out of the Park
please be restrained. Let Pence make the case.
Kaine just couldn't wait be be the attack dog on Trump? He avoided answering and now he's interrupting?????
#Download & #play #fantasy #politics! Can you predict the winning outcome? #appstore #FantasyGaming https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1157313084 …
love ya mr trump from deplorable in iowa
Please don't disappoint us Donald. We're counting on your tweeting skills to keep us entertained.
Millennials who marry for money are called Melanias.

You/We Got This!!!

lets roll
