Next time just answer the questions.  @realDonaldTrump
You better get use to it. Its about damn time he answers questions without being interrupted. EPIC #Debates2016 @ReaverBait @realDonaldTrump
Did you even watch his nonsense? @realDonaldTrump
Nonsense? LOL  Trump doesn't deliver nonsense. He delivers TRUTH. Do you even know what that is? @ReaverBait @realDonaldTrump
He lies about easily checked things. He also thinks it's okay to sexually assault women.
he has stated he did not do the things he said in the video. Until there is proof otherwise I will
A man who casually talks about sexual assault that way is a man who thinks sexual assault is acceptable.
why is it OK to judge one person based on things they said 11 years ago yet Hillary is on record saying racist comments ?
I am exhausted with all the rhetoric can't we hurry up and vote !
Get over yourself
I agree with you. I believe Hillary is on something! Pills or treatments! Stay on issues & you'll WIN!
#donaldtrump PLEASE READ ABOUT LINCOLNS RACIST REMARKS BEFORE YOU SALUTE HIM. EDUCATE YOURSELF.
after emancipation, when did blacks start voting ? My reason for ? A change by 1911 Congress to limit representation of all
I can remember my grandparents trying to vote in the south in the sixties...I’m seventy...The stories I could tell. sorry took long to reply
https://www.facebook.com/Janeepaxton/posts/10202258036969610 …
CROOKED HILLARY HAS DAMAGED AMERICA FOR 30YEARS! UNFIT FOR ANY GOVERNMENT
I was at a WalMart in MN, snubbed by 2 Somalis women in line to send $ home. Our country is already full of these haters.
maybe bc she keeps to her time limit? She respects the rules? She's not trying to bully?
oh really? Apparently you're not watching
watching closely. Thank you for asking.
I didn't ask you if you were watching, I made a statement. Hahaha
no kidding
please kill yourself
your totally unhinged #Debate #StrongerTogether
grow up
Why does trump not have a mod on her case? They should each pick a moderator!
They interrupt your interruptions. Maybe quit interrupting in the first place.
It is because rather than answer the question, you go off on insane tangents.  You can't focus on anything.  Clueless
KING
what about the number of times you interrupt @HillaryClinton ?
whoever runs your twitter account is dumber than you #whineylittlebitch
stop the f in sniffinglng
Cuz you don't answer the question, cuz.
I hope.they will also look at the times you answered questions and stay on topic.
#whinylittlebitch @billmaher
@Kotcha301 you couldn't ask for your debate to go any better you were a dynamo I've never been so proud
you smell funny
yet the fly landed on #Killary- the stinch from all the dead bodies
Honey, take it like a man
You interrupted Clinton faaarrrr more times than the moderators interrupted you!
Hahaha, don't cry @realDonaldTrump
Donny want a Kleenex?
don't whine just answer a question directly
How are you tweeting when you're talking on tv at the same time, Mr. Snufflelopagus?
HE IS NOT ALLOWED TO KEEP TALKING AFTER HIS TIME IS UP NOR AVOID ANSWERING THE QUESTION!
you sound like one of my kindergarteners. "It's not fair"
They were SOOOOO AGGRAVATING!!!!!  But YOU showed them who was BOSS!!!!  BRAVO!!!!!!
said the pot to the kettle.
@SebGorka
Relax DJT.
Stay off Twitter.
Let ppl talk & analyze.
Allow your surrogates to handle aftermath.
Are you crazy, they had to interrupt you because wouldn't answer the question or stop talking when your time was up.
I required more interruptions. You're like a petulant child, only with smaller hands
stop whining. #worse than a two year old
crybaby
Of course all the debates are setup against you.
we all saw that Mr.Trump. God will answer our prayers, we will not survive any more yrs with that party in the White House.
We are praying for you everyday to become our Leader. I was born and raised in NY. Now live in CA. I believe in you.
"me" 
stop whining!!   #peterPan=man child
because they had to you twerp @friedak1945
doesn't matter D. You are not qualified regardless of how mean you feel other TV personalities are to you.
YOU WILL DO GREAT ON THE DEBATE. Stay presidential stay on policies don't get baited by Hillary. Pivot show the undecided.
I've just seen parts of your wife's interview on Fox. She's GREAT! She NEEDS more airtime. She humanizes you. Nice lady!
You still suck!
weird how polls don't compare to rally headcount.  Polls are misconstrued so not to draw suspect to fraud ballots!
cry baby. Always, cry baby.
go trump
you thought this was worthy of an ad? This only highlights your cry baby status!   You're impossible klump!
Unbelievable that officers written up for supporting you. 99% of us in this country would be written up. #leosfortrump
Reason being that dump talked more minutes that Hillary the next Potus
I hope when the MSM reports on your indictment that they get all of the charges right.
YES  1ST... 2.... DEBATES RIGGED,BIASED DEMOCRATS AND MEDIA  ..... THEY WERE VERY RUDE TO YOU...

@StopStopHillary Yeah,not gonna happen.

You kept interrupting/talking over Clinton&moderator, mostly saying "That's a lie" & past your allotted time. #Justified @RealDonaldTrump
that's because the entire debate is you interrupting everyone else mate. Nobody can get a word in.
- All you know how to do is whine Donald Trump. You say nothing positive. You are NOT Presidential.
GREAT JOB!! Thanks for fighting for us. Yes to the Independent Prosecutor!!
they need some moderators from Fox.
keep that head up sir you won this one too even with her given three minutes
because you can't answer a question! Predator Donald
The moderators interrupted you because you never answered a single question. You're a trainwreck.
You have to corral children when they are throwing a tantrum.  #neverTrump
have your voters boycott CBS NBC ABC and CNN turn them off don't watch him and hit him in the pocket

Trump had 41 minutes speaking Clinton had 39 min's but we know how much Donny hates FACTS!
and perhaps also account for the time you interrupted the moderators
zzzzzz
you whine, way to much for a billionaire. Pull up your big boy pants. Stop name calling be the man thats the next President
keep crying
that's because you never answer the question
When will you grow up sir? The moderator asked you specific questions,you went on ranting about unrelated issues
yes I big crybaby I'm sure they will.  Kleenex?
thanks bc you wouldn't shut up, little man.
TOTAL media bias for the Left.  No surprise there, huh??!!!
I hope her career is over
Democracy is ruined by these left thugs. so sad
if you'd stayed on course and answered the questions maybe there wouldn't have been interruptions.
How exactly did you send this?
Typical Trump - blame everyone else for your own shortcomings. Poor baby Trump.

Lets get those counters!
you are a joke and cry more than any child I've known.
AS ALWAYS IT WAS A UNFAIR AND BIASED DEBATE. THEY WERE FOR HILLARY
And my mic doesn't work,I have a heel spur,and "I been sick"
answer the question
bloody hell! this guy is a complete lunatic! Back to ur early campaign basics. Put the blame on others! #trumpisdelusional
Mr. Trump, you act like and talk like a 10 yr old, who doesn't get his way. #immaturecrybaby
chinga tu mother pendejo .l.
absolutely!! I thought Martha and Cooper were SO biased! You did GREAT regardless !  Hugs to you Mr. Trump!
you did Great Donald. Your Hired
mommy they interrupted me Mommy they stopped me from talking mommy they hurt my feelings I'm going to cry change your diper
poor baby...you want your blankee
Moderators had their own Agenda to destroy the Voice of the People 
Not going to work
@CNNPolitics @FoxNews @seanhannity
have you ever said anything intelligent? 
And you were not intimidating anybody...you were just being creepy.
Come up with actual facts and they won't interrupt you.
Theodore Roosevelt: “It is not the critic that counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles or where the
What would be so bad about telling the moderators to shut up?
Mr. Trump, you are Mr. Interrupt.

Yes. The mics, the media, everyone is against you. Poor baby.
THANK YOU MR. FUTURE PRESIDENT!  YOU ARE DOING SUCH A GREAT JOB.  I JUST WANT TO DO CARTWHEELS!  I'M BEAMING.  SO PROUD....
THE   "MSM' IS A BUNCH OF DEPLORABLE ASSHOLES WITH A RIGHTS TO A CAMERA LENS! THEY GET A PRESS PASS TO DO WHAT...???
sore LOSER
How many times did you go over your 2 minutes?  How many times did you interrupt her?  And you claim you respect women.
it's because you're a pathetic sniffling irrelevant erratic gasbag @realDonaldTrump
.. I think you had an exceptional debate.. Loved it. I think you won big time and we r looking for next great debate
moderators were Hillary minions. It was 3 against Trump, and Trump still came out victorious ! Thanks for another victory !
do I guess you will take your ball out of the sandbox and go home please
Trump was interrupted because he repeatedly ran long, in his babbling tirades, and would not answer a question. SOP.
It was 3 against 1 and you still killed it! You were amazing!! #debatenight #debate #trumpwinsdebate ##crookedhillary
poor Donald. Tip: stop blaming everyone else at all times.
maybe because you keep repeating the same thing
THE PROBLEM: Every time Killary opens her toxic pie-hole, she's interrupting what we would rather be hearing from you!
Go sir!
Maybe because you veered way off topic?
Keep on the ass of the Clinton/Bush machine.
You are ruining the Republican Party!!!!!!  Keep you mouth shut!!!!!  Let Pence have it and go home!!!!!
is EXACTLY what GOP signed up 4 & the USA may reap what they have sown. Party over country.
Well not all GOP did.
<<< whiner
Wawa

Yes but you won the debate!
stay on message about how you will change the foundation of America and how we will be the world superpower once again!
You Were EXACTLY what we needed tonight! Please move forward & dismiss her crap. Talk about New things. Create excitement!!
@cnn please do not use Martha Raddatz again!  A total distraction. @FoxNews @RNCData @TheDemocrats
why blame others? You interrupted Hillary just as much. Stop blaming and start speaking real issues
her own server but she was running the foundation out if the state department. A 2 billion dollar non profit no tax company
don't worry, we'll be calling you Mr. President soon. Hopefully Killery and Obama will be in PRISON soon after #great again
.DefiantlyOffersNothingAndLacksDiscipline. Jealous. TactlesslyRatchetsUpMisledPeople
maybe if u had ACTUALLY answered ?'s the "people of this country" were asking, they wudnt have interrupted u so many times!
:& Martha  unprecedently answered on behalf of @HillaryClinton when you queried why we announce our attack on #Mosul ?!
The next time Russia comes up you have to talk about the 145 million dollar uranium deal to the Clinton Foundation
Should real alpha males like Putin and Trump be allowed to take multiple wives and mistresses?
idiot
@v_vr @CChristineFair    Sob story.. Why cry victim always? Should have fought back & groped out evil moderators! #debate
don't let them suck you in, keep pounding the issues. ! Crooked has no substance !
... Thank you for making a stand for so many of us who cannot afford to thwart the collusion of congress.
they interrupted your interruptions of Hillary, you numbskull!
how can we trust Hillary to satisfy all Americans. She is not able to satisfy her own husband. A strong woman would leave
The American people are hurt by media commentary injected into the debate
maybe because you were lying?#debate
their are too many people that actually believe that what MSNBC reports is the word I fell sorry for all the gullible saps
thanks for focusing on the biggest issue impacting Americans today...debate moderators
Anderson Cooper sucked last night
They wouldn't have to interrupt you if you would SHUT UP when you were told to.

because you're unbelievably rude!
You whine more than a 5 year-old girl.

crybaby 

.You r so right. I was so mad. I wish I xouldve,been there. I guess I wouldve been thrown out for hollering at them.
cuz u talked over Hillary when it wasn't your turn, they had 2 interrupt you. You spoke 1 minute 5 seconds longer: excuses?
Next debate ask Hillary where illegals are going to work, live,go to school.  America can't afford freebies for all
NO respect! I voted for Obama...TWICE! I believed his HOPE speak. It was horseshit! They sold us out! NO MORE! We're pissed
