your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Having second thoughts yet @realDonaldTrump?
#BREAKING: Navy F-18 jet goes down near Naval Air Station Key West, one person parachuted out https://wsvn.com/news/local/u-s-navy-jet-goes-down-near-naval-air-station-key-west/ … 
Ask Them If They Can Price Out A President That Spends More Time On The Job In DC? #BLM #BlackOnCampus
This statement is completely ILLOGICAL and impossible. FAKE NEWS from the man HIMSELF.
how to pay for  wall, take all of El Capos money here in US to pay for the wall, therefore Mexico paid for it lol on them.
@BBC @CNN @HouseGOP @VP @CABINET @SpeakerRyan Not sure why @POTUS going ahead with the F-35 now, especially when he said it was costly. https://www.defensenews.com/air/2018/03/06/stealth-features-responsible-for-half-of-f-35-defects-lockheed-program-head-states/ …
Haha. You know nothing about aviation, let alone military aircraft. You just tried to order 24 "stealth" F-18's? Are you gonna get Ford to make a Model T w/ABS? Go back to NYC. Please.
- fighters are obsolete. Cancel them both.
We need more F-22's!! Nothing else that any other country in the world has for fighter jets is even close to comparable. Please more F-22's!
Cost overruns are often caused by long breaks, hot coffee and water-cooler conversations. Add a good looking babe & poof!
4 pincocchios for that one!  WOW you've outdid your own #Fakenews
Another way to compete is with the cheaper F-18 for lower threats and cheaper drones for for higher threats!
Now that is negotiating. Creating competition.
Try to remember Donald that u {somehow} got elected as president Not PREMIER OR KING ETC
Guess I could start a war, guess I could sleep on it.
The Super Hornet is not even remotely comparable. It's like asking how to refit your 757 into serving as Airforce One.
Dear Mr. President, please consider Allen West for Secretary of the Army. God Bless you Sir...
u never got a response & signed w/ Lockheed anyway, saving a mere 8%. Not much for a program that was “out of control.”
You are making me sorry I voted for you! #StopTweeting
You look like you have a good heart sir, but the problem w/ Don the con is far more dangerous & scary than his Tweets.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
Great to question the F-35, but what does this comparison with the F-18 in particular mean?
Could my country join in your race.
You may as well surrender to the Russians and the Chinese, then; we won't be able to match their 5th-generation aircraft..
Are you not prez yet! at tbis date of tweeting
Com on sweet smiling prez
Vet with our program
Focus focus 
Educ often tell ADHD students
This song is for Mr.Freedom.
Yes,,,Mr.Trump〜♪( ´θ｀)ノ
Go for Freedom!!!
  by TOKMA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTUsMoUP6Dg …
photo by TOKMA↓
How about big oil, gas heating oil. How about doing something about the prices? It way to high.
There is no caparison. You will get people who fly them killed! They already had a deal to make the f-35 lower than 100k!
Mr president elect, you continue the path, our country will reap the rewards! Thank you
Mr. President I was thinking maybe when Mr. Baldwin shows up Thursday to protest someone could blast over a loud speaker
as soon as a corp knows it's charging government they double or triple prices
سلام ترامب عزیز
you are a fraud.
Before you decide, Read http://nationalinterest.org/blog/the-buzz/americas-lethal-f-35-vs-f-18-super-hornet-who-wins-15670 … and look at the lead time required to build Version III of the F18
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @BBC
there too many people prison united state. Cost taxes too high .  Save American people pay their taxes. Up to u.
if u decide or judgement if black people in prison like criminals. Send them back to Africa. They free but can't come back.
if u wish ban asylum.
Will American feel safe.
urge Mr Trump, don't let Syria people come in U.S. could lead terrorist like hide ISIS. Send them back where belong to.
urge Mr Trump if Muslim or Islam in prison then send where they belong middle East rest life no visa or asylum.
I offer u if Mexican at prison on America then send back mexico. never enter united state rest life. No more visa or asylum
Send Mexican people go back mexico also Muslims go belong to middle East. America will happy.
urge u.s. base withdraw from Japan and south Korea. They love to see u.s get deep debts. They laugh at American.
Better back off China. Don't involve. Let Japan, south Korea, China work out their self about North Korea. Better
let Russia have Crimea. Don't mess up could lead nuclear war cause NATO just back off. Urgently u.s. keep friend Russia.
I know NATO love to smell money from united state pouring to deep debts. Just leave Russia alone. Nothing do about Crimea.
I Urgent Mr president Trump. Pls don't involve NATO allies in Poland. NATO love to threat Russia. I urge you withdraw NATO
, @StrategicSCS is listening, contacted LMT Leaders to help reduce costs. LMT is listening, program cost savings in process.
Mr President Avondale Shipyard NOLA empty but ready to rebuild Navy, reopen modernize mothball ships, cost effective, quick
President Reagan had a couple of WWII Iowa Class battleships modernized at Avondale with Hi Tech & cruise missiles, smart..
That's very good.
I can see how it would seem correct but "price out," a verb construct similar to "evaluate," shouldn't be hyphenated.
@FrankieRusso1 Thank you for keeping an eye on these things. Nobody has cared about the bottom line & cost effectiveness!
thank God you have financial brains!
Did you see my Tweet about the Lockheed F-35 Lightnings shady prototypes? Nice call, to make the best, of a bad situation.
Read this. Tweet response when done, preferably after consulting Mad Dog Mattis. #MAGA

Ah……Daddy! Buy the ticker：BA ！！RIGHT NOW！！
My brithday 14/6/1971 soon jute seeds
You going to let them Japs Pearl Harbor us again? Muh Precedent.
you have no idea how much a plane costs do you
awesome  Donald
What's next...asking for prices on jeeps because tanks are too expensive?
if you want a real plane, tell them to bring back the f22
that's because you're stupid enough to think an f18 would be anywhere close to an f35's performance
Good start. Military budgets need slashing, not increasing. Over 50% of every tax dollar goes to our bloated MIC.
Don ur common sense is incredible. Dont think its even passed their minds to say one red cent especially here.
Buy some Textron Scorpion jet by delaying F35 procurement.  Free up funds....Can be developed to replace S3 viking and F18.
GIVE IT UP
.@realDonaldTrump Only the best. Except for the discount fighter planes.
@usairforce @USNavy @iava @DAVAuxiliary @DAVHQ @AFPAA
Good for you, Mr. Trump!
the cost of one f 35 is worth more then in a life you will ever produce
Heed the princess re: your twitter machine (5):
F-35 is embarrassing.NON STOP problems. Russian SUKHOI SU 35 performing AMAZING pilot skills. https://youtu.be/b-VNSJMiNt0 
Problems with the F-35 that the Pentagon found in a 2014 report http://read.bi/1xmjpz8  via @BI_Defense
@Savannughhh30 bodied
your father always thought your names and ideas were stupid too...
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=Nzew3D1OkWY …
Thank you for Fighting the Military Industrial Complex
Please don't cut corners on defense. Americans treasure our military superiority. Keeps us warm at night.
cant be a comparable jet. one is stealthy the other isnt.   DUH.. one goes in first, 2 take out AAA the other 4 other stuff
An F 18 with improved capabilities no doubt from the original A model...
Good call if it's not broke don't fix it...
you should be thinking about f-15's
#TakeawayTwitterAccount #ThisIsYourPresident 4Sale http://DeplorableLeader.com 
WTF?  Why?  The F18 is a 30 year old fighter.  You really don't have a fucking clue what you are doing, do you?
Bad idea. F-35 and F-18 are totally different aircraft.
DOBRANOC PANIE PREZYDENCIE DONALDZIE TRUMP . .ROMUALD,  CIESZE SIĘ ŻE PAN D TRUMP WYGRAŁ KIBICUJE PANU I  WASZEJ PARTII,
We need at least one Gen 5 fighter. We gotta advance our technology further.
Ur not prez, just horrible, stupid lil man that tries to overrule Obama with twitter media 4 teens. Lookng 4 a girlfriend?
Good for you ! We are not at war we don't need a bunch more plane's that in 5 years will be rotting in the dessert !
Just kidding, really I know it's important to develop the best technologies and consider the overall fleet and strategy :-)
These F-18s still cost a fortune and aren't even stealthy! I've asked Lockheed to price out a comparable F-104 Starfighter.
hm.
Save the bees, Donald.
And how many jobs will be lost from this change?  The voters are counting!!!!
Please visit NAS Oceana, and get the opinions of our Naval Airmen who keep them up and running..thx~mom of 2 active duty.
Thank you! Boeing employee and Trump voter/fan.
@JAVargas_007 lol
Americans we have xrayed Donald Trump's brain and found no signs of intelligent whatsoever.
a hornet for the big orange W.A.S.P.... call the exterminator...
Anything Obama may have ordered would not be trustworthy.
oh, bc the "people" you claim to represent can afford that?

but the f-35 has more advanced technologies doesn't it?
tell them we want 2,500 f4 fighters for the same price 
why move into the white house, you should just rent it out
they must still be in such shock you are even communicating with them. It's like a nightmare really.
the fact that you are trying to save money is wonderful!!!   Added bonus is that it drives the establishment crazy
why don't you cancel both of them and save $1 trillion.  you know there are 205 other countries that have the balls 4 peace
maybe you can order the "Eurofighter".  Is much cheaper and not bad.
Why stop at a soon to be obsolete plane. Why not price out a comparable F-4, F-111, F-14, P-51, etc.
check not mischarging, overtime abuse,  this is taking place right now at Pax River, Md
F35 is tip of iceberg on Fed buying problems.  Billions to be saved if you know the system as I and my associates do.
idea  to rehab a 35 year old F18  very very very bad.Boeing took  billion to design plane in 2003 failed. ur idea terrible
what an accomplishment! So twittering doesn't work??? WRONG!
keep it up
Also, put the F35 engines into the F18
learn about the latest technology before you make statements. A #realpresident would make judgments based in knowledge.
Sounds smart to me.
@realDonaldTrump
hey trumpi nice u are boosting your stocks
Mr. President , I seen on the news , our former president sold some to a place that will probably send #backwithterrorist
You are conducting defense department acquisitions over Twitter.

your suggestion to buy F18s makes good sound cents :o)  &  positions the USA to defeat the chinese jet hordes
President Trump,please cancel this POS under performing F35 program b4  the 500th F35 is produced. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbvggmVnOLo …
Trouble is you can't make the F-18 comparable.Reason for high costs is usually too much political involvement
Thus wasting even more money. Dude, Saran Wrap wants to take lessons from you on how to be seen through.
do you even know the difference?  I'll bet $100 Obama does.
very good SIR, politic plus Business I adore your way to handle the warplanes purchase
we gave you the reins to save us every dollar that you can. you have already proven that you will live up to your promises
you need psych meds
Why don't you ask @tato_tweets to price-out demilitarization?
@realDonaldTjump Top of the world to ya!
It's okay for tax payers in N.Y. to pay $750,000 per day to protect you tower though huh!!!
The Super Hornet is a much better fighter jet

