that's a beautiful dream and one no one should fear
it increased the Mexican economy which used that wealth to buy more products from the US.
Old white males love you! But nobody else does.
that's because something is wrong with you
Here's three words to describe you Trump haters."You are idiots" all you people have are insults just like Hillary
I'm sorry Mary, I meant no disrespect to you..the other person, like his peers, all throw rude remarks about us..




All of a sudden you're preparing!! Bahahaha!!
please mention that all of us are not happy the way our government is spending our $
soooooo Florida is not voting for you ? Maybe it is more important things than jobs ... your dignity !
Them rednecks sure love you! #trump #debate #pussygrabber
jerking off?
Hahaha. You prepared? You were so clueless it was embarrassing! #CrookedDonald
Be strong. Don't take bait. America is with you. #MAGA
Watch Obama @potus
Disgusting.. you love stunts don’t you
We love U Donald. Dont fall into their trap at the Debate. Do what you do best, Act Presidential first, then kick their Ass
hope it is final preparations as in your funeral
you got this Trump! We are here for you! Go get this tonight! Make America great and safe again
#KeepYourmomentumGoing The some in the @GOP & #Media were just to hungry for there own good! ... enjoy tonights #Debate
you have a great smile . Smile for us on your final debate and throughout the campaign.
GOTfew coins,go to mc donalds to see debate.NoTVat home,while dem.slate obtaining over$140,000.+of my funds against my will
Account at First Choice Bank  031207911  4010000000
case nj  DOC# mer-L-2871-08 Civil action Order 27 October 2014 filed clerk of sup,court sc of nj mercer county oct 27 2014
. Just bring to all the American people your message. If they ask you Ur pass say let's talk about the important message GB
Final would be correct.
LOL they froze the vid stream when things didn't quite go their way!
KNOW THAT YOU HAVE TONS OF AMERICANS SUPPORTING YOU,PRAYING FOR YOU!  YOU REPRESENT THE PEOPLE. KEEP FIGHTING FOR  US!
you should be looking forward to this. I heard you like having your pussy handed to you. 
#TrumpsVaginaHasSandInIt
just when I thought you couldn't sink any lower.
take the hag down tonight!

unaware, compliant, and ignorant voters make her happy and let her agenda sneak thru
Trump, You DO know that the debate is about the presidency & not about @BillClinton, right? @realDonaldTrump: 2x #PresidentialDebate loser
Far from it.ALSO HES NOT S FLAT OUT CROOK LIKE CLINTONS. RECORDS R OUT
Thank You
.@realDonaldTrump sniff, sniff #debate

1.deny everything 2.make stuff up 3. blame someone else 4. turn argument around 5. sniff 6. grab them in the pussy.sorted
Mr Trump pls don't let us down be sincere and don't defer blame or attention address and move on. Only issues stay on track
No longer interested in following you NOR what it is you think You are doing !! Shameful @HillaryClinton @Reuters @BBCWorld
let her have it!!! Expose her dealings
you should have her White House staff in front row tell to stand if Hillary has a potty mouth
raising min wage, and said you will take a wait n see approach to the illegals here after you get rid of drug dealers
was that preparation H?
on your final debate be sure to talk about Bengazi, the four Americans who died, and Hilary's lies to their famalies. Smile
ANYONE can be an accuser. NONE of these women proved one shred of their allegations. This is disgusting! Trash with trash!
Speak how you are making America great again,Money,Military,Border,Obamacare,Jobs, # West Virginia #UWININWV #WELUVU&FAMILY
hi! It starts at home. Look what's happening here http://34.gs/cathyjohnson  #With
and you'll vote for the wife of a serial rapist
HRC says she will protect  children. In 1975 age12 rape victim Kathy Shelton. HRC defended rapist Thomas Alfred Taylor.
showing your battle plan to your enemy ? Or a diversion either way to late
It's time to go nuclear!
Stay on issues.
I #hope your campaign plans to #discuss #issues this is NOT making #America #great again #PATHETIC
I'm not sure what I just watched...
kick her but DT
Hope all is well with you! Hugs!
all is good here. Hope you are as well
Why aren't you emphasizing her selling 1/5 of our Uranium to Russia after $2.1 mil donation to Foundation & $.5 mil speech
We Are With You! Never give up  #MAGA #MAGAX3 #Debate #HesWithUs
she doesn't care what party you belong to voters she wants you unaware and compliant.
I know you have dirt on them, you NEED to USE IT. We the people are counting on YOU !! @o4america is standing with you.
It's all a distraction for many things, Bill's actual perversion among them.
That is the truth. But of course the sheep were too blind to see.
you clearly won that debate Mr Trump. Although you could have answered the Muslim question, where are the Muslim leaders?
Reality check certain high ranking Rep.rep cut their noses to spite their faces under the disguise of c
You asked her to explain Benghazi and she ignored it. Tell Americans deserve answers. She ignored Iran Deal also.
Federal Judge Orders Hearing in Donald Trump Rape Lawsuit http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/federal-judge-orders-hearing-in-donald-trump-rape-lawsuit-case/ … via @law_newz
When Hillary Cretin "goes there", you should pull out a cuban and ask "Where do you want me to put it?”
congratulations to next USA president
congratulation Mr.TRUMP for president of USA
.@realDonaldTrump #DonaldGoesLow ... To No Ones Surprise!

#Debates
don't worry, you did good.
.DT u really got a child's brain what an American mistake to have u as a nominee not even as president.insane be of a debate
Haycampaña mundial dexterminio, difamación, torturay contra mujeres hecha x demócratas, desto nosehabla @ONUMX @UEenMexico
Clintons made money through office and position. You EARNED your money. I respect you, not her!
u r going to lose big time donny boy!!!
Fight like no other Republican has the brass to do. #ThanksDonaldTrump
the law and order candidate doesnt care that anyone is innocent unless proven guilty. Pathetic.
Good luck tonight! And don't bring yourself down to Bill ans Hillary level. Remer, you are better that them!
#wrong
PLEASE DONT FOLLOW THE CHEESE!! STAY AWAY FROM THE BAIT!!!!
Hillary Gots this.
Delete account
You  just need to focus on the important issues of the country and let crooked Hillary look like the fool that she is
#MAGA looking forward to seeing u
stay focused on police's , watch Bill O'Reilly seek his advice limite your Focus on Bill Clinton and Hillary
NOTHING 2 SEE HERE FOLKS >It's Just TRUMP hiding behind the WOMEN b/c he's too AFRAID to take RESPONSIBILTY for HIS ACTIONS
Trump exploiting the exploited.
you are a sick man and I hope you get the help you need.  Stop trying to destroy America.
your killing it!
on your side but tonight is win or lose , apologize but don't go right back to Clinton then you will win
@FoxNews @HillaryClinton  read the koran.  It's about infiltration and domination
You ROCKED it!
holy shit!
you can say time visiting families  has humbled and chaged you for the better but you cant say the same thing for hillary.
big fan here, please don't make it nasty (blaming Bill Clinton ), be humble and nice, or you will loose my vote.
Is this a panel of character witnesses in prep for future trials? Pretty weak. Get on your knees and just ask for mercy.
Disgusting.
We already know
so are you saying you won't participate in the Third debate?
You have shamed this country!
News conference w/BC's accusers?! NEW LOW, YOU HAVE TO GO! Quit the race, America deserves better than you.
Women beware! Sexual predator on the loose #dirtydonald
You're "final #debate preparations" are disgusting, just like U are. This is going to backfire on U like you've never seen.
Talk about trying to deflect from the real story here, which is about YOU, the one that IS running for President. #Loser
please stay on point and show a presidential face. No fighting
I NEED YOUR HELP PLEASE !!!! TIM KAINS OFFICE/ people lied to me and I lost my home & I AM DISABLE AND CANT WORK ...
Its horrific. Hes so stupid. Doing drugs
None of this changes the fact that #trump is anti-woman, anti--immigrant, anti-LGBT, anti-anything not white male.
Jack ass
Brilliant,as were Juanita, Kathleen, Kathy&Paula.Stay 1 step ahead of the evil.Good luck&may God guide you tonight.#Trump
You must ask Hillary when Bill was having sex with Monica Lewinsky in oval office, why be allowed back in Whitehouse?
don't let her try to trip u up...whatever skeletons you know of her...let them out..she want to play dirty.say what u know
Your shameful behavior may allow you to keep your base, but you will NEVER get the respect of the rest of the country.
@TeamTrump
Final is exactly right. This is crazy. Not presidential
Please, for the love of God, relentlessly drive to the issues, you got this.
you will never be a usa president im sure you know that!
Ur final debate indeed. Press Conference REALLY? but Ur ASS IS GRASS @Reince @SpeakerRyan @CNNPolitics @FloridaforHRC
Tell Anderson Cooper that he have said worst on New Years Eve
Apologize to the women in this country and move on
You need to say "we" a lot more. If that's possible. Too much to ask?
haters go to the other side follow the light
Praying fir strength & God's wisdom for you.
who are you kidding, you didn't prepare
. I wouldn't miss this debate if my life depended on it. Oh wait my life does depend on it. Do what you have 2 do 2 win.
is a terrible person and you who worship him are definetly deplorable!
pathetic loser thinks this is a episode of his pathetic reality show. You are DONE.... GO AWAY!!
I feel sorry for your family. You need help.
Talk about our future! Make America Great Again!
Masterful !!!!  #MAGA

say, I've spoken to these poor ladies and now I understand how horrible it was for them, so I feel sooo sorry for my words.
don't attack HC husband it's a trap at this time. Don't loose temper if attacked PIVOT!!!!!!
Just stay on the issues that will make America great again.
follow the Anti-Christ....never
your a badass don't forget it!!
They saved your past for the right time. No Hold Bars! Attack their past, even Bill's! She ruined women over Bill! Game!
PROVERBS 14:34; RIGHTEOUSNESS EXALTETH A NATION: BUT SIN IS A REPROACH TO ANY PEOPLE:
We have your back @HillaryClinton #Imwithher & Pres. @billclinton is a honorable man. You're #deplorable @realDonaldTrump! #debates
an honorable rapist!!
Make sure Hillary isn't wearing an ear piece.
praying for you!
ROVERBS 16:27; AN UNGODLY MAN DIGGETH UP EVIL: AND IN HIS LIPS THERE IS AS A BURNING FIRE:
look Trump up,this stunt with bringing them women to the debate,WRONG , I HEARD THE TAPE YOU GRAB THEIR PUSSY .
most important night of a women's life & you bring in her husbands alleged mistresses. It's abuse
<--- groper in chief: attacked Jill Harth in Ivanka's bedroom
http://nyti.ms/2dLMFdJ 
#debate #ImWithHer
dude stop the freaking sniffling bro!! Lol
when you have no defense go on the offensive. Hitting the wife who was done wrong? #stupid mistake on your part!
.@realDonaldTrump Trump Trains gone off the tracks.
He should have been on it
I don't believe the CNN debate results. You won hands down.
wish you good luck. May G-D angels be with you, surrounding you and show you the way. Protecting you from evil. AMEN
Good luck!!
Remember the country LINCOLN rebuilt!!
I didn't think you could stoop any lower. I was wrong. Just go away
go for the jugular you can not be nice to her
why wont you recognize your newly unionized workers in vegas?
Do Not pivot to bill right after you apologize say wait then slip it in way later
I wanna see go up on http://flames.like  the hell that is waiting for your disgusting ass
http://dailycaller.com/2016/06/02/trump-u-is-nothing-compared-to-laureate-education/ …
#debates Donald is a piece of shit.  Stop trying to fuck Ivanka.
such a farce. We've seen what you really think of women. You are using these four. Plain and simple. #fake
OR.. we could all shove needles in our eyes... thinking. thinking...
Dont fall for the baiting comments and attacks of crooked Hillary tonight
I see u r going to the gutter on this. Nothing like blaming the victim. U prove money can't buy class
you are turning America into food for the National Enquirer ... shame on you!
You should have worked harder it must be agonizing getting your ass kicked continually by a woman.
SICK THIS EGOTIST WITCH TO THE GROUND ! AND THEN TALK POLITICS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you are rocking it Donald!!
Good luck Mr Trump we the American voters are backing you
did you bring tic tacs and a cat with you?
watch as #littleDonnie goes down the tubes.  Your not cut out for politics buddy....move on
Thank you for finally giving these women a voice & the outlet to be heard.
