and you ran your companies into bankruptcy.
From?
A business efficionado yourself.
How many have you employed.
Or Look how Bernies a lapdog now
huh? Absolutely zero percent of your response makes sense
Some of us are not on the same page or planet
Clearly... and some of us know how to write full sentences that follow logic and grammar rules.
@mike_pence ICYMI Indiana has more crime, less income for families, more unemployment. How's that more successful again?
In case #trump hasn't notice Indiana and Virginia are both still around, therefore not failed.
Because of your big pharmacy?
Remember hillary plans to get rid of it.
Like everything else
Look how much Islamic terrorists love the war criminal Hillary, who wants to send drones to kill journalists, LOOK:
Ninja
Remember when Hillary was asked
She didn't remember the threat.
Only 4 died before the convention
trump is a joke, he hates people with color, although he has photo ops. he is a complete LOOSER
Learn how to spel.
you learn how to listen, clean out your ears. Your over lord trump will destroy you in the end.
Not really we all will be judged.
Yes, it is obviously completely dead and no longer exists. #pencequit #dumbtweets
THINK U HAVE THIS BACKWARDS!!
And Trump ran sweat shops in China to make shitty ties!
So did Ralph L...Martha Stewart.  And others
Look on your label
Made in China, Indonesia,
Heche en mexico
But they're not pretending to champion bringing jobs back here. Trump loves cheap labor; he's staying put.
watch Titan machining late at night on tv. He gives a great explanation of cost effectiveness to keep mfg
What is worse a private conversation or what Hillary did to all of her husbands mistresses?
Pence is great VP pick Trump, a very humble and honorable man who is very loyal to you and your campaign, to the US
mr candidate- u must not defend you or finances-> explain it, foot note it, leave it! Do the issues & her health /morality.
WRONG. Signed anti LGBT legislation. Had to make a reversal due to companies threatening to leave state...   FACT!!!
Funny how Pence is hated by more than 90% of "his" state.
Kaine is a horrible career politician. Kaine couldn't find himself out of a wet paper bag. He is scary looking like HRC!!
You ran businesses that failed. You are delusional.
And you lost almost a billion dollars.
Sec Hillary lost 1.6 billion tax payer dollars
But that doesn't excuse Trump losing a billion.
What is your minimum wage if any
I think minimum wage is $12 now in Seattle, less where the cost of living is lower.
@VP Pence ran a state that worked?!  
we noticed that Kaine could not defend his sorry record as gov., Pence had a great record.
When Obamas school records are unsealed & @HillaryClinton is tried for pay to play, murder,  treason.
LOCKED THEM UP FIGHT with 

Pence's state suffered an AIDS epidemic because of his religious beliefs. It's called separation of church and state.
How did Virginia fail?
you do know, they governed during different economic times? Apples to oranges.
@CNN what you forgot to mention!!!
@rose_unplugged
hang in there!  You have to win. 
hell no i don't want to live in a country with a dictator like trump, he wants to be like putin, he said so
when will the term "Clinton mafia" be used?
@seanhannity 
Told you.
90%! You must be the one smoking the Killary drugs.
kaine balanced the budget pence was a racist skin head nazi
a total lie like everything that comes out of your mouth
.@realDonaldTrump Businesses failed repeatedly. Massive loss. Intentional bankruptcy. Debt default. Tax avoidance. #GOP #NeverTrump #Clinton
Jaime bought and paid for she couldn't get anyone else
Yes, the record stands as is.  He and HRC make a good pair of failures
use this on Sunday kaine fail Obamacare fail Iran fail
Pence had great things happen for Indiana, Kaine had deficits beyond belief.
Indiana under Pence kisses @ss for big business, neglects the taxpayers. Just fyi.
@CrossCity
Hmmm I think the people of Indiana would disagree. @GovPenceIN sucked!
Our country has been lead to the edge of the cliff. Trump and Pence have the business acumen to lead our country foward!!!
Indiana hates @mike_pence & he knew he would never get re elected. He will also never be president & neither will Trump.
Your running mate allowed an #HIV outbreak to spread in his state. Just thought I'd lend a friendly reminder, #babyhands.
Pence did a GREAT Job, take note. So, don't listen to Hillary and stay focused on the point without out all the adjectives.
if she speaks to you, say, If I believed a word that came from your mouth I'd listen but I don't so stick to the question
What?
Altered reality
Refugee issue, SCOTUS shot down,the RFRA disaster, not truthful abt u at debate, no respect, no vote.
more if your lunatic lies , just like everything esle talk about a villain, your the chocker,,, 
pence has one of the worst records 4 a gov kanie has oneof THE highest rated governorships unlike pence who his state hates
who has more dead voter
You haven't actually been to Indiana, have you?
just another lie from The #DonTheCon team
just another lie from the
@SDNorthShore2
Donald Trump ran a business that lost 1000000000 Dollars Way to go Donald
You have nothing to do with how your state runs.
#fliptheticket @GOP !
Because Kaine is a total clown hand picked by Hillary.. Great "judgement" that she always try's to claim she has
Yeah but don't forget the BIG SHOT BIG MOUTH was in VA on 911! Who cares!
PENCE: I RAN A STATE WHERE COMPANIES REFUSED TO DO BUSINESS CUZ I SANCTIONED DISCRIMINATION
@opionated164 

Yep.  The clown is a failure and ..........a clown!!!!!
There are no states that have "failed". There's NO SUCH THING!
pence is hated in Indiana right now you do know that's the state he's the Gov of correct?
And you're running in a state of delusion  #chickendonald
Pence set a standard for you. It is time for you to show if you are president material
What about abortion rights in Indiana? PENCE MUST GO signs all over IN. His reelection was unlikely.
What about the bill he signed into law legalizing discrimination against LGBT citizens in Indiana?
Kaine ran it  into the ground.
Pence is one of the GOP three stooges along with walker & ryan. They all want Koch $ to run for potus
Mike Pence's Indiana doesn't work he paid for that slogan like you paid for your hair#PeriodsforPence
Computer services for IN government administration is a train wreck due to mismanagement of Pence gang
Pense Pence won't pardon the death row inmate who was absolved by DNA evidence.
Pence also advoc  4"conversion" therapy as if homosexuality w a "condition" & not a natural developmt 4/the indiv.
Pence & GOP deny services to IN citizens to create & maintain surplus. 3 hrs. to get license plates.
and you run a company that failed!!! Looser
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, STOP YELLING AT ME!!!
loved  that one
Really?  What about the millions spent on fighting legal abortion that could have been spent on school?
and your son thought that state was Illinois. Indiana would not re-elect Pence do he's preparing to be President in 4 yrs
THATS WHY HIS RATINGS ARER FAR BETTER THAN YOURS
Quit Yelling!! So tired of hearing your voice and the bullshit that flows from it!! #DumpTrump #HRCWinning #ImWithHer
That's not very nice, I have friends in Virginia and they're not dead yet
And you ran a casino that went bankrupt. And lost a billion dollars.
#KAINE failed the people of #Virginia..once this  election is over we can all go back to #work..#TRUMPTRAIN !! #2A #jobs
@maybsomaybnot As a Virginian, can vouch for his pathetic performance as our Governor. What a LOSER, just like CROOKED HRC!
Wake UP America! Hillary is the #epitome of #AllThingEvil! https://youtu.be/kOcNFDx_rpY 
So WRONG
Boom.
you need to support America. ..not China...where is it you outsource your clothing line??? Turkey??
that's because nobody live there...does Indiana have a steel manufacturer?  Tell Trump thanks for buying steel from China
The Bush Great Recession made all the difference for Kaine; the Obama stimulus smoothed Pence's way.
The difference was than Kaine was in office while Bush was president; Pence had benefit of Obama.
Hahahaha
Pence should be the top of the ticket, not Trump. Trump an idiot.
You're insane. We're $20 trillion in debt & you want to give the rich a $1.3 million tax cut so they can robotize factories
do we need to bring up the HIV CRISIS that Pence himself declared a STATE OF EMERGENCY due to his own policies in Indiana?
http://www.indems.org/mike-pences-terrible-horrible-no-good-very-bad-year-2015/ …
@mike_pence Voted three times against a bill to address workplace gender discrimination.
Pence ran state during more successful Obama adminsitration; Kaine ran state during failed Bush presidency.
Pence: NO women in military - because they will be sexually attraction to their commanding officers.
What Pence said is of no value, because he follows master liar Donald Trump.
wow! Virginia < Indiana?
ROFL You ran a failed business that lost a billion dollars in a year and bragged about it.
WTF?  Virginia is doing better than Indiana by every measure.  GDP/capita; unemployment; poverty levels; education.  Sad!
he ran a state that Mitch Daniels built!
Trump/Pence just lost Virginia with that idiotic comment. Nice work #asshats @realDonaldTrump and @mike_pence. Get it together guys!!!!!!!!
Pence on father's raising their kids: “I am criticizing a culture that has sold the big lie that ‘Mom doesn’t matter'"
Sir i must say I hope you enjoyed watching #VPDebate as much as i did, while #KissingSeanHannity!!

@seanhannity
Yeah Indiana loves Pence Indiana GOP to Trump: Take Mike Pence, please http://cnn.it/29uASwA 
Mike Pence's Casual Cruelty on Abortion at the VP Debate http://rol.st/2dtEPEi  via @RollingStone
Pence to working mothers: “Sure, you can have it all, but your day-care kids get the short end of the emotional stick.”
Pence: LGBTQ should NEVER be allowed to adopt. All Syrian people out of my state, they scare me. Working women ruin kids.
Nice try, but no cigar...
he even shut down the interstate 81 rest stops. #TinyTim
FACT!



Mike Pence says Hillary Clinton wants to turn Obamacare into single-payer. Mostly False.
Such obfuscation. @realDonaldTrump
@timkaine was VA govr during 2008 crash. Caused by bad tax policies u'll repeat.
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. http://bit.ly/2dHIYSr 
@Vote4TrumpUSA great job. Christians for Kaine.
Pence, tea party member, conversion therapy for gays, funerals for a fetus. Head case.
when kaine gonna

come out of closet
241 liars We got 1 liar in White House elect Hillary & Kaine get 2fuckin  LIAR
so why is Pence wasting time in va today....it's a failed state.
670 thousand
Clinton/Kaine they both insane do refrain fromplayin their game time 2 take a seriouslookbothRliars&acrook
and Hillary lost 16 billion tax payers  money and lost 670 dollars last year
Pence should be in your place ! He would be 30 points ahead
And Chump is the only guy in world history that lost money running a casino!
im so sick of this country's constant ability to FAIL! I WANT TO WIN FOR A WHILE!!! VOTE TRUMP/PENCE !!!!
Knock knock... who's th.. interrupting Kane! 
most of Indiana hate Pence!
why all all your tweets SHOUTING?? #nevertrump
Succinct and accurate, Pence showed control in a very aggressive and annoying atmosphere!  True poise resulting in victory!
that said it all
ICYMI>>>.Pence was not gonna be re elected in his own state.  Oops.
Damn Trump do you ever fact check anything? Do you realize just how stupid you sound when you make shit up? fact check that
lol Virginia economy trumps lol Indianas
I LIVE IN INDIANA AND  PENCE HAS LOST JOBS BAD MOUTH THE TEACHERS AND YOU MUST BE THE CON I HAVE READ ABOUT.
Well there you go the #ChumpTrain lies again! Do you ever speak on facts instead of fiction, I think not! #BloatedCheeto
Poor Mike Pence spent the whole damn debate trying to defend your lying, flip flopping, big mouth. I truly felt sorry 4 him
@timkaine  didn't run a state that failed, HE failed a state.
@HillaryClinton Waiit...what? Virginia is a failed state?! I need to move. I did not know that.
Pence: I ran a state that discriminates against the LGBT community. Which makes me a homophobic dick.
Opposite conforms to the Facts. Pence just cost you more of the undecided.
will this be Pence's role in the WH:
together we'll run a state of cocaine, Ohhhh!!!! #drrockzo2016election
When Democrats have a record of failure, they use diversion to attempt to sway the folks.That is what HRC will use on you.
Mike pence could not get re-elected in Indiana because he was such a lousy governor. Just as the Indianians
ICYMI: #KAINE ran a state that worked. #PENCE ran a state into the ground. Just like #TRUMP presidency will do to America.
cites nothing but BS.  Since when has Indiana "worked?" IN bottom 1/3rd state. Virginia top 1/3rd. http://businessinsider.com .
@mike_pence ran a state that discriminated against women's rights & the LGBTQ Community! Also u twit..he did NOT defend u!!
you're calling The commonwealth of Virginia a failed state?
You go Mike!!  Class, polished,  professional, and effective are words used to summarize your political debate performance!
Your boy Eric doesn't even know what state Putz, er - I mean PENCE was governor of. OY!
Thats not true.
YES THATS CORRECT 
THAT IS A STATISTICAL FACT!!!
Which state did you run, Donald? I forget.
Pence destroyed Indiana
Except in the real world where we use real facts, the opposite is true.
- Simple concepts for simple minds. Most people will see through ridiculous comments like this and see you for who you are.
And you have no clue about how to run a country, you can't even run a business w/o breaking numerous laws.
There is a state where the government is no longer in control?
@WashingtonDCTea This statement speaks volumes Most #Democratic #States are running in #red Can't run a #solvent #business
Yeah, well Bill will be there. When he left office the budget was balanced.
Virginia loves Kaine, he was one of the Greatest governers ever, signed life long Virginian who dumped trump for Hillary
It's amazing that Trumpers are always on line to retweet. OR computer generated???
t turns out he was wearing an earpiece, you won't BELIEVE who was behind it!  https://twitter.com/realkingrobbo/status/783589793447968768/photo/1pic.twitter.com/bQsI2dvy64 

All cap typing doesn't exactly make the case for your presidential temperament, even if you took advice not to do it @ 3am.
YOU ARE OUT Of YOUR F...ING MIND.  SEEK HELP IMMEDIATELY! !
and you bankrupted your company 6 times. LOSER!!!!
I think your caps lock is stuck
You ran many businesses that failed to the tune of nearly one billion dollars! #bankrupt #fraud #liar #cheat #DonTheCon
Vote Hillary. ..Trump waiting to enforce Russian laws on u all..
You sure do know something about failure! You are suppose to buy low and sell high. Just saying!
You are an expert at failure and bragging about it.
And you ran multiple businesses that failed!
again wrong candidate Pence couldn't get elected again in Indiana thats y he joined u hes just trying 2 save his career
Whoa, @govpenceIN  runs a state which requires women who miscarriage to give remains a funeral? Pence is a control freak.
Kaine ran a state during a major depression. Pence ran one during a recovery. You lost a billion dollars during a boom.
There couldn't be a better example of which policies work. Kaine failed miserably.
you have that backwards. Virginia prospered
:libs can't take the truth
Tim Kaine...RADICAL Leftie...
and you ran many businesses that failed.  So what was your point? #Dumptrump
