.@realDonaldTrump Another of your pathological lies. Good thing you'll have time for treatment after election.
felony? seriously? what proof is there any felony was ever commited? #Deplorable
I make a point not to enter into a match of wits against the unarmed
denial #smh..ur boy can't do anything BUT lie so come preach @ me when u've got ur facts straight
Literally NOT about Clinton. Roll the tape! @realDonaldTrump #PantsOnFire
@sme4201968   Don't let the polls fool you!! Hang in there and you will win!!!
substitute the word "science" for polls...you are a sucker
Now go find your safe space snowflake.
denying the polls is head in the sand denial
+30 D is not realistic, if it is to you then sleep tight snowflake. Trump will win.
who said she was up by 30?
all the polls, you don't keep up with present do ya?
No, no she didn't. She was talking about how she and Barack prepared for the campaign. No mention of the Clintons at all.
@PamelaRamseyTa2 he's praising Michelle, you sick woman
haha, how many marriages have you had
@WSJefe100
lmaooooo
Many things have changed since then. They know each other much better.  You just fly when you hear a negative
How many women have you rated today?
#SilentMajority for #Trump
Bullshit. It was made by Mrs Obama about her own family. #Trump
The Obamas are another crooked pair
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/07/flashback-michelle-obama-attacks-hillary-cant-run-house-cant-run-white-house/ …
Everyone voting for DJT needs to be sure they vote, no matter what. Don't let up on those demonrats, lets beat them good!!
If you can't run your business without filing bankruptcy 6 times you cannot run the country.
can we see examples of Hillary's budgetting? Book keeping secrets or tips?
This proves the Democratic primary was rigged! Bernie didn't have a chance! We have to get this email in circulation!
Oh how the truth hurts sometimes....
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/11/donald-trump/donald-trump-base-claim-about-michelle-obama-criti/ …
@MELANIATRUMP
"If you can't run your own Casino you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by anyone with an education.
And Bill has raped 17 women.  Your point?
if you can't run a casino you certainly can't run the country.
what president has run a casino
saw u offered a porn star 10k to have sex with u & she said no. lol.  Im sure Melania is with you for your dashing looks.
You have not paid taxes you brag about. Your foundation a fraud.  You do not have the brains to run this country.
Hmm. Trump casinos and hotels are failing, right? I agree with Michelle. You're unfit for office.
The Problem With America
#Democrats don't care how corrupt their candidate's are. 
@tutzerjd 
Lock her up.

http://truepundit.com/pentagon-hillary-clinton-should-be-arrested-for-leaking-top-secret-nuclear-intelligence-on-national-tv/ …
At least you quoted her this time. But in retrospect, have you ever taken a look at your own house?
lies again,an you know it! FLOTUS (which Melania will NEVER be) was tlkg about herself and juggling her household/career !!
You can't run a hotel!

http://www.salon.com/2016/10/21/has-donald-trump-destroyed-his-brand-and-his-business-gop-nominee-stands-to-lose-more-than-the-election/ …
if you can't run a business without bankruptcy you shouldn't be running a country.

is this supposed to be evidence? How many people have a picture taken with DJT? Unbelievable
get real loser
WRONG.
Timber!! Good bye Donald

that is not what Michelle meant and you know it she was not talking about Hillary she was talking about her own house
words of wisdom from Mrs Obama.
She also said she wants an "adult in the white house" specifically speaking about how you are not one #burn #candidate
actually. No. That's one line of a speech, that was not even about Hillary. Facts Donald are easy to find.
You're such a lying sack...  @FLOTUS was talking about her & Barack taking care of their children. Nice try though.
This is completely false. Do you ever get weary of constantly pushing lies to gullible people? @realDonaldTrump
"If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
weird, they just aired that on the "Clinton News Network"
Trump draws huge numbers at his rallies.
She's changed her mind little Donny. Thats what intelligent broad minded people are capable of doing.
Capable of changing their mind? Yeah, because she wants the Democratic party to stay in office. Use your head
we'd rather not have her run White House properly than let you destroy it totally.. and the world with it
see the rally last night? 35000 and tens of millions respectfully disagree
doesn't matter. The 3500 & the tens of millions of people are on the losing side. Beauty of democracy, eh?
she's slipping in the polls as we speak. Lol your done when the silence majority shows up November 8
I thought all the polls were rigged besides the ones trump are winning in?


You let your country down only if you vote for DonTheCon the sexual deviate. Still time 2 convert
so is melania running for president cos i don't think you do the dishes lol
She is president of the Girl's Club.
Wait, is Melania running for office?  Don't you idiots say the same thing about Bill Clinton?
For the name-calling Trump supporters.
OBAMA ALERT
for 8 years ppl have been saying that Obama will take away guns and it hasn't happened. Stop whining

that house has roaches termites and bedbugs and who knows what else..its gross

probably said it cause it's true  #NoDAPL #StandingRock #WaterIsLife
I agree Sir
You can't run casinos or pay your contractors what they're owed. You will never be in the WH, thank God! #VoteHRC #DumpDJT
There isn't a do over when he swindles America,ruins our economy and launches us into war. @POTUS
No do-overs in the White House. He'll have many things to learn, if that is even possible
You are horrible at writing tweets.
is horrible lying about @Flotus thinks the presidency is about settling personal scores #insane
she did say go watch video or wait they want show you it on cnn
I'm done w that insane madman Trump
get on the train
If you can't handle a twitter account, you can't handle nuclear launch codes.
grow up you fool
phuck yea!
americans don't elect this corrupt woman we need need change.Trump2016

plus he raped a girl
can the american people be stupid enough to elect this corrupt dried up old prune.
Michelle Obama did NOT say that about Hillary!
nha - it was about you!
well then they must see you as the devil incarnate (I can see why) because they are campaigning for her now

if you can't run a business without bankrupting it, what makes you think you can run a country?
I think she meant your casino's. Liar.
clinton is the most corrupt person ever to run for president.TRUMP2016
HOW MANY TIMES HAVE BEEN DIVORCED OR BEEN CAUGHT CHEATING?
@Nakidape when did she say this?
Retweet the WHOLE quote.
Quote was about her and the President taking turns to be at home at night with the kids. But go down lying. Doesnt matter
lol ya RIGHT! We KNOW what she was saying! NEITHER of them liked CLINTON! Stop spinning!!
Not spinning at all. Read the whole quote. Its not on Breitbart, but still.http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/11/donald-trump/donald-trump-base-claim-about-michelle-obama-criti/ …
again, we ALL know what she "meant" lol they do NOT LIKE the CLINTONS!  But now they DO? Hypocrites!!
psssst...hate to tell you but trump lies. Here's the actual quote w/no mention of HRC.
tsk tsk..but HILLARY LIES CONSTANTLY and her lies are DANGEROUS! She is TOXIC to this country! PERIOD! GO TRUMP
Let's compare the amount of lies between the two..shall we? http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/lists/people/comparing-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-truth-o-met/ …
that is BS! lol. You Hillary supporters are So PATHETIC!! The things that Hillary lies about are VOLUMES worse!
you can't keep your own house clean and those 13 year old sex parties are not going to help. More girls coming forward
If your mouth is open or your tiny fingers are typing - you're lying. 
#ImWithHer all the way to the White House!
Taken out of context and you know it.
lies lies lies.  Not what she said.
Great truth.
That goes for you too, Mr. Trump.  Bankrupted 5 times!!!!
says my 3 marriages...
to paraphrase you: "Wrong!" "Wrong!" Michelle was talking about how while campaigning she still had to see to her daughters
Blah biddy blah biddy blah. This show has jumped the shark. #electionsharkjumping #Election2016 @HillaryClinton 4 Prez 
Hillary sure can't run her house. That's been proven.
I call them two faced
WRONG.
Look Who's Talking you got to Kelly Ann running your house you're just a puppet on a string
You're so desperate now you've resorted to plagiarizing Michelle Obama. That's really gotta make your supporters proud
that was completely taken out of context. You disgust me more  as more every day.
Says the Adultress, 3x's married, children with 2 different wives!  Your "religious followers" are friggin hypocrites!
what year???
"wrong"
So true !
The video on you tube showing Obama showing&posing his erection on plane to female journalist in 2008.HYPOCRITES

I'd like Ms.Obama to shut the hell up.Whomever picks her clothes should be fired.Looks like she's ready to mop the Kitchen!
If YOU CANT MANAGE YOUR OWN BANK ACCOUNT U DAMN SURE CANT MANAGE AMERICAS BANK ACCOUNT.LYING DONALD,BANKRUPCY KING
look who's talking? The banks ran your houses and now it's Putin. Vote Hillary if you love democracy.
liar
she doesn't run her house, her more then 20 staff members run it. She knows nothing about real life.
guess that was just a campaign line, selective family values
Liar.
liar!
STOP taking things out of context. She was referring to herself and President Obama!
Did you really say that a person who is on his third marriage and who has cheated on all of ur wives stmt made by me on you
you should know Donald your on your 3rd attempt...soon to fail no doubt.
Sounds like she was talking to you
you should write a new book "The Art of the Lie"
DTS
The EXACT same could be said for you and the mess you've made out of THREE women!
of course, we need a strong man as you to keep the white house safe and proud.
Are you going to grab them by the pussy?
Was not about Mrs. Clinton.  Can't you ever tell the truth?
she probably did not get the "don't criticize Hilary" memo
hmmmm
it wasn't about Clinton
you know quite well she was not talking about Hillary.
i really hope you win. I believe in you
stop lying and grow up.
why don't you finish the quote? It's not like your supporters can read this anyway.
People don't believe the voting system could be rigged??  How about the FBI email investigation?? That was!
Is English your first language? It seems dangerous to have a President with such a woeful misunderstanding of English.
@cdoranharader that's right!
YES THAT'S WHAT THAT RACISTS MICHELLE, SAID ABOUT OLD CROOKED HILLARY! !!!!-!
blah, blah, blah.
I feel sorry for Chelsea. Not one but both parents. So sad.

You know that Michelle was talking about the challenge of raising a family in the white house and not about Hillary, right?
@pewdrdad #draintheswamp #MAGA
@hillary will be flying 24/7 sorties demanding recount when she loses. why that question posed only to Trump  third debate?
Pot / Kettle look to your own house, 3 marriages, openly misogynistic.I could go on but 140.
AMAN!! brother!
WRONG
I'm sure that also applies to business failures. Trump Steaks, Trump Airlines, Trump Casinos. Donald Chump habitually loses
If you are unable to zip up and control your roving  hands &  suffer  from verbal diarrhea you can't win  White House ,DJT
I know... Words are hard. But come on... If that is the best you have, even IF it were true, I'd be rolling my eyes. 
please focus on her 30 years of bad working practice, emails.   Stay presidential- professional.  Don't stoop to her level
Wrong. She said that about herself. You just make shit up, dont you.
still degrading women.

@SeldenGADawgs if at first you don't succeed -try try again - Marriage
"If you succeed, then just rape women" - Try about fair play! @ScottERogers12 @realDonaldTrump
I'm no fan of the Clintons. As Ive said America is screwed; two poor choices.
We've seen how you run things like your campaign and it's "A total disaster".
Bubbles, U have 5 kids from 5 different wives. None of ur kids were raised by you. 

Can U run your own house? 
Well said. @realDonaldTrump I would bet you don't do a damn thing around your house! Oh except yell if not satisfied!
Hillary leading by double digits!http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/23/politics/hillary-clinton-donald-trump-presidential-polls/index.html …
@MichelleObama Michelle YOU LIED U said Hillary was NOT FIT to be POTUS. #corrupt #opportunist #lostyourself #draintheswamp
Wrong!
get real story crooked Donald you are delusional your vocabulary is same same old story lies lies little Donald
PATHETIC TRY & UTTER DECEPTIVENESS OF TRUMP.. OR SHOWS BASIC INABILITY TO UNDERSTAND .. EITHER WAY.. NOT TRUSTWORTHY
because you can run  Crooked business it doesn't mean you can run The White House
: Based on the sloppy, disorganized, failing campaign you've run, I don't think you are up to the job of president.
and lyin a$$ @HillaryClinton says theyre such good friends! 70 to 80% of what she says is a lie! #SickofLies
n the worst part is all her supporters now know that shes a despicable liar n dont care!
you know that's not what she said and she was talking about being home with her own kids. Nothing to do with Hillary
Love your Contract With America!! Don 't care if you're dirty mouthed or vulgar - in private!!
your failing businesses are putting low income people out of business Not fair, not kind, not presidential. Apologise
Wasn't about HRC. It was about running her own house. Watch the vid, dope.
stop lying read the rest of the statement she was talking about herself
Donald, tell the truth, when you heard "your eminence" at the Al Smith event, who did you think...
So many Americans do not get what's at stake.  This is a takeover of Your country! Hillary Clinton Will take Your Freedoms!
Absolutely true facts no matter who said it.
AMEN!!!
Heat of the '08 primary. Get real
We need a president who has basic reading comprehension skills and that ain't you, loser.
how many times have you been married??
everyone who is decent hates you and yours, sick donny, how long does it take for you to realize truth and reality, conman
@trumpiowa @ If Trump files a dozen cases against sex accusers and election he will spend the rest of his life in courts
TOTAL LIE, she was talking about herself and her own family. You're a fucking liar.
you r much worst, mr Trump.
