.@realDonaldTrump she deleted and erased public records that were under subpoena... that is a crime - anybody but Hillary would be in jail
He raped a 13 year old.
stop reading the liberal propaganda judge threw it out now civil she just wants $$$
same guy pushing the case accused Kurt Cobain's widow of murdering Kurt - guy's a nut
people can't think on their own you know if this was even remotely true CNN would be on it 24/7
destroyed documents under court order-blatantly breaks the law-thinks he's above it & social morals
he's not guilty of murder- how many people have to die before women wake up
Trump steals money from workers-tax payers-bankruptcy is welfare 4 the rich
http://www.newsweek.com/2016/11/11/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120.html%3Famp%3D1 …
#TrumpVictoryAndHillaryLoss November 8, 2016.

Clinton path to 300+ rock solid. Structure of race not affected by Comey's reckless irresponsibility. Vote and volunteer, don't fret or wet
.@realDonaldTrump #MAGA #GoHillary #Wikileaks
guess that is why they charged her. Oh wait they didn't and still haven't you tiny handed spoiled manchild with tiny hands.
You must have one set of Cheeto encrusted balls.  Thursday you hated FBI/DOJ, now you want to give him a BJ.  you FLIPPER
how's your russian investigation? lol
please get rid of Comey
u were saying how corrupt he was a few days ago. I need instructions on what to believe. Please tell, Dear Leader!!
funny how that works,eh?
Hillary is only happy if SHE controls EVERYONE. I DON'T WANT A RULER, 
I WANT A LEADER.   TRUMP 2016
I'm sorry, you think a Trump administration wouldn't be corrupt?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Clinton is only calling for publication because she knows the FBI can't do it until after the investigation.
Lynch even deferred judgement to Comey to decide whether or not to bring charges.  A few months ago she let him decide.
AMEN, GO TRUMP GO!!! THIS IS OUR MOMENT!!!
Crooked @HillaryClinton born corrupt liar and cheater.
-Hillary said voters deserve to know the truth??? OMG!!! She HIDES the truth!!!
your exactly right Mr President with Halloween coming the orange jumpsuit will be  fitting for her don't you think?
it wasn't enough to get a conviction. If they move to soon she walks. She is still in sight.
now crooked Hillary is against FBI. She was blaming Trump for the same now truth is visible.

You are losing BIGLY!
your post are lame dont you have anything better to do? Your canidate is over!
Dems and Republicans and sane people will come out in numbers to make a statement NEVER WILL TRUMP WIN! You are a Disgrace!
and you and your ilk trashed him.
Lock her up! End the corruption, Huma,claims ignorance on emails found
where's your tax returns showing u haven't donated what u lied to the world about ??
she is a fraud and justice will be finally served to her and everyone else that was involved when you become prez
you never saw the evidence,  so how would you know it was overwhelming? You're a pathological liar,  among other things
wow, name calling with no evidence coming from a pro Hitlery.... surprising.
"Hitlery", typical lower common denominator deplorable rhetoric
lol! Oh its not rhetoric. If you knew history you would know she is very similar to hitler.
Please give us these similarities.  Thanks!
google Hitler, then pull up Hillary's plans on a website, and compare.
I've read it, lol.  I think you're just young and immature ;)
globalism. Any of this ringing a bell?
I wonder if he would have done this had Ms Lynch was a male and was told not too.
Hijo de puta, desgraciado, come mierda, malparido, que se muera. Espero que te maten cabron
i'm guessing he had pressure from inside the FBI. Must be bad for Hillary. They better not wait until after the election.
All this  hate  speech  just shows  ones  heart cause out of  the abundance of the heart the mouth speaks
You do realize that these were emails found on another computer and were not sent or received by Clinton, right?
How do you know that? haven't released anything so you are just guessing just like a democrat are doing,. You be all over this if it was  DT
Excuse me, I should have said that they were sent or received by Huma Abedin.
Clinton may or may not have been part of the email chain.
And the FBI Director has already said he doesn't even know if the emails in question are significant.
and you bashed him a few days ago. Your point?
She will still win it #bigly.
If Comey was compelled to reopen her investigation, what he has must be so damning, it left him no choice
he has nothing lmao!! The email scandal is a republican funded LIE
I'm with her now more than ever!!!
If FBI lets (C) get scot-free again, she will retribute FBI. We'll see another Vince Foster/OKC bombing. Buck stops at FBI.
we're looking forward!!!!!

i like how commies now have no argument they just throw insults.
dont let this distract from the @wikileaks !!!!
and Wikileaks is what? A child molester in hiding
i'll wait.
#educationisthecure
.@bigop1 You do realize that "under one god" is in direct conflict w/ the 1st amendment of our beloved Constitution, right? @realDonaldTrump
since when are you guys on a nickname basis?
they have a love/hate relationship. He loves himself, she hates him. It's tough, but it works
thats cute. I love these cute little nothing comments from uninformed dems.
HAH! I'm neither Republican or Democrat! I'm above that. For I am BRITISH #wewillwatchandlaugh
lol real quick, just to make my point, i'm assuming you are anti-Brexit?
I know where this is going.... but yes... I am anti brexit...
lol theres seems to be a weird "government please control me" common denominator.
#ImWithHer: An Open Letter To #Hillary Clinton, From A Dad With a Daughter: Thank You | People's

Watching the President of the United States have a complete melt down on Twitter is beyond disgraceful. Trump is a corrupt con man, plain and simple. It’s who he is to his core. He always plays the victim.
He has the soul of a bone spur.
Delayed because you would have whined and cried "RIGGED"! Oh wait, you already did! #nevermypresident
#Bj why not Trey Gowdy AJ?
Shut the Clinton foundation and all it's corruption and evil down! You'll go down in history for good reasons.
.@realDonaldTrump Wait, so you didn’t decide to fire Comey yourself? I’m having a hard time following your ever-shifting narrative.
you were quoted in an article by @voxdotcom
Thank you Mr. President for everything you are doing for us! ♡
He sure hates him now.
Wasn't it you saying the FBI was rigged at the same fucking time?
It is & now they're trying to make it right…Why else would Comey reopen the investigation. #DoTheRightThing
They didn't reopen it.
They closed original investigation. Now they're investigating documents related to original case. It's open.
: No, the case has not been reopened. Read that letter again; carefully this time.
how can you be investigating a closed case? You read end of 2nd paragraph.
: Not "reopening." Emails not from/to HRC's private server. Look @ recent reporting on this

Can't wait for the discovery process on @realDonaldTrump
Trump is facing trial over allegations of raping a 13-year old girl, but let's keep on talking about Weiner's emails
https://www.buzzfeed.com/mikehayes/attorney-donald-trump-will-have-to-answer-teens-rape-accusat?utm_term=.atEeoaoDj#.vqrNznzwX … 
.@RobPulseNews @realDonaldTrump The fake lawsuit created by trasher former Jerry Springer producer https://archive.is/evSjv  #MAGA
No, court date is Dec 16
.@RobPulseNews @realDonaldTrump You didn't even address that the CLAIMS are FAKE & made up by a man who is a serial liar.
you think you're big league ? You gonna die big league
.@No_Halo_13 @RobPulseNews @realDonaldTrump Cute, little liberal robot proving that liberals are the violent hateful ones. #GoHillary #MAGA
y'all think Hillary is a robot too? Or a demon ?
Sure this isn’t about you?
Hellloooo, Trump! Do you know what a fool you are making of yourself? Yep, guess you do.
this is to  alot on  here   Blessed is the nation  whose God is the Lord Jesus Christ
Alot people  need to be  taken  to hell  by  God  and be shown  it  cause that is where  majority  people are heading
Mr.Trump we need a man like you in the Whitehouse I sure hope you win.I can't afford to support you fin.but u have my vote.
President Trump you should pursue the case you had against Hillary for lying about the email,since she forced a recount.
Hillary Clinton is not fit for president lock her up
I called FBI Director Comey a corrupt & bought-and-paid for politician. Now he's my hero. DISASTER! @realDonaldTrump
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
this was all a lie.
Spray Tan Champion ^^
you must not have a job maybe you will get one when Trump wins
I own my own business. Doing quite well.
that's awesome well hopefully when the tax rate goes down you can expand make more money and create more jobs
I don't want the tax rate to go down. I want investments in infrastructure and schools.
he is for school choice and infrastructure govr does not create jobs you created ur company
The internet was created by a public university with research funded by public means. Without it, I'd have no business.
exactly public university by tax payers money not govt. American Dream is not food stamps and govt cks
Put that lying killing bitch in jail
Yup!

you are a sexual predator!
you are a pathetic, sad little "man"
so how involved were you. He's now being investigated for election tampering. I smell collusion.
you're such a hypocrite in more ways than one.G O HILARY
and you called the FBI rigged for months! Hypocrite
How much did you pay Comey? This is a very big league issue for someone who is losing,
Not true. He was wrong to give a press conference. Against policy and precedent
what evidence
http://money.cnn.com/2016/10/30/media/facebook-fake-news-plague/index.html …
important who is Huma Abedin, what she's doing with classified emails. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huma_Abedin … read criticisms
VOTE HILLARY AND KEEP AMERICA GREAT
putz
can't wait for your oppo to drop this week.
And you were complaining about bias. Pot meet kettle.
WRONG
All you do is repeat the same shit over and over. Get on something new like where those hands have been!!!

Why Comey decided to disregard his DOJ boss directives? Did he find evidence Loretta Lynch conniving with the Clintons?
NEVER TRUST COMEY AGAIN! Will see he's in this set-up to help desperate Crooked win. #NOMORECLINTONS #TrumpPence16 #bigly
Donny Trump said FBI rigging election until just a few days ago: now he loves Comey as much as he loves Putin
ABC,NBC,MSNBC, Mark Cuban puppet!! Are playing it as a JOKE!! Hillary Clinton is a criminal the ones covering her too
And you were whining about him a month ago and now you're singing his praises wow!
Fraud
See CNN. Why does the FBI & DOJ need permission to "search" Abedin/Weiners computer?  Is the DOJ interfering?
Yawn you will not win over this and calling it similar to Watergate only shows how little you know of our countries history
one has to wonder, is HRC real polls so bad they had FBI reopen investigation so when DT wins landslide she can blame FBI?
If DT takes the WH, Comey has a CYA, Obama pardons Hitlary.  Hitlary in WH, it goes away again. ...
I'm with you Donald your on the home run Babs uk
It should be a requirement when running for public office, to release all tax returns, or face immediate disqualification.

use info to ur advantage.
You bashed Comey up till a few days till you thought it benefitted you!!
clearly FBI found enough serious material to reopen the investigation this late!despite establishment bullying comey not to
I know if we get all your supporter's out to Vote.
and you slammed Comey now. Wow!    Those women sure had a lot of guts to come forward.   You're pathetic!
And now you love Comey. Go figure.
no matter what they try & throw @ you the next week stay on the people's message HRC is EVIL & we know she's got something
Donald, it has been confirmed to be a smokescreen. Hillary has planned this. @RealAlexJones @EricTrump
THIS IS A DISTRACTION AND NOTHING WILL BE FOUND - it's a SET UP BY HILLARY @larrynichols1
The thing that really upsets me is the AG met with the husband of the person under Investigation.
Donald Trump biggest liar ever lies about everything .
@ramzpaul
$TAY Sharp! Keep focused on Americans and we will take u der!#draintheswamp
. @realDonaldTrump So were they incompetent now or incompetent then, Tinyfingers?
stay on the issues vets strong borders background checks fair strong trade security from terrorists
TRUMP selling TRUMP costume  $200, AND half of treats.(kid's only)
#PRESIDENTTRUMP
See real @FBI corruption on @netflix doc #Whitey: USA v James J Bulger. FBI corruption is real! 
"It's all in the timing."  -Johnny Carson
if I'm not mistaken, you had some choice words about Comey yourself!!! 

@WhiteBenCarson_ they all delete emails. He lies more at one rally than she has this whole campaign. You are all just too stupid to see.
as I recall, you said last month that the FBI was part of a rigged system.
FBI restarted their investigation on Hillary only because the NYPD forced Comey's hand - http://bit.ly/2f2Y2N1 
Hope Comey does not die mysteriously
As did you. AND, you praised Bill and Hillary. 
All of you in the business of praising as is most convenient & beneficial.
Tell UA to share with everyone if nothing to hide..come on man, she knows there is real incriminating stuff. HRC and her
days ago you were disparaging him (need dictionary?) now you are praising him. You are the biggest hack ever 2 run 4 POTUS.
Neither should your cases. Your attorney's failed to postpone your Trump U case to 2017.  Will make great TV on The Circus.
and  you hated him and now you love him so shut the hell up!!!
DO YOU HAVE A FAST TRACK INTO THE MINDS OF ALL DEMS NOT TO MENTION HILLARY CLINTON?

TALK ISSUES DICKWAD!

#hypocrisy
I already voted for Hillary and will do it again!!!!
....Justice delayed is Justice denied.....Lock her up!!!!
Mr Trumo who has possession off Weiner laptop of evidence, it seems a device of evidence got lost earlier this year, Check
I think some of these trolls are close to harassment, same ones all the time.  Wish Trump would block them.
She should not be running for President.  Confused people support her.
You don't even know what the original evidence meant. You aren't a lawyer and you have no proof of what you are saying.
Trump was all over d NYP covers in d early 90s n had some interesting thoughts abt adultery. http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/10/30/donald-trump-in-1990-adultery-is-not-a-sin.html …
and you shit on Comey but now love him. Hypocrite
Do you ever fill overwhelmed and need a little extra support and protection? #TrumpDiapers
Hillary Clinton is Guilty as Sin!  Vote Trump!
Correct that why we need a change. Im on the train TRUMP 2016. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
you called him names just a few days ago. Note he's brave. What's the difference?
Get your facts..LIAR
Last week he hated him  What a joke
its Trump Time America Enough is enough for the Collusive Clink-tons surely? ??
#CrookedHillary brought this one on herself.
you hated him then, you like him now. Good for you but, not for her. Hypocrite much!
really hope you lose so you'll crawl back under the rock you came from. Sociopath
Don - Stay with What u will do - Do NOT get sucked in - JUST Tell Americans about JOBS, JOBS, Security and Integrity !!!
You attacked Comey during a interview with George just a few weeks ago! 
TRUTH

Yeah, well let's hear about your ties to the Russia, Donald.
This is a smoke screen @EricTrump . Don't be fooled. It's a diversion for a bigger cover-up
How did you find out about it before everyone else? You @jasoninthehouse best buds? You infused campaign10mill right before
It was delayed by a couple partisan hacks (Comey and Lynch) who wanted Hillary to reach the finish line.
7)"LETS ALL PRAY THESE DAYS, AS IT WILL BE OUR LAST DAY"
"THE BIBLE" says.
Attn.
@CNNEE
@CNNMex
@CNNChile
@cnni
@CNNEPrensa
"OREMOS TODOS ESTOS DÍAS, COMO SI FUERO NUESTRO ÚLTIMO DÍA"!
Dice "LA BIBLIA"
10)JESUS VIENE AL ENTRAR
"LA TRIBULACIÓN"(Tiempos ORRENDOS y de persecución,etc)
