No good American wants the change u are proposing. You want to be a dictator and ur so called policies would bring chaos.
So let's vote for Hillary so she can cause a Nuclear Holocaust through war with Russia. No chaos there!
You're not the one to do it. You'll break it even more.

how's the system broken if it allowed you to make millions them lost them and stay rich?!
@openheartxo
Change will come with the rotation of Statesmen
in + out of government + politics time to b 1 of the governed! (Term Gaps!)

Wake up you want more men in women's restroom. Up don't have to like trump you need to love AMERICA.HRC late term abortions?
Don't waste my time or yours. I already voted
your crook just got wake up call.
Won't change the overall outcome, cuz Trump is still a rapist/sexual predator/con man, so...
lmao troll girl    hillary behind bars  just another mouth spuing shit  arkansas hillbilly racists done corrupted your mind
Trump will be right behind her. By the way, learn to spell before addressing me: *spewing. I'm sure you need help w/ grammar 2
troll 2 bad as long azz u no what I'm typing is good enough.  You must have sad life cause we're all here laughing at U.
@TeamTrump EXTRAORDINARY and OUTSTANDING speech! Make this your official campaign commercial to finish strong! TRUMP STRONG
Change will require a re-thinking of how term limits are implemented! To President of The People TERM GAPS it that change!
THIS IS TERRIBLE SAING BY A USA CANDI......
I love you!
Biden the sitting VP wants to rake Trump out back to fight, trying to teach our kids about bullying, VP not helping, smh
: Hillary has made the FBI & the U.S.A. look bad. She had no pity for Benghazi murdered. FBI Director sick of being kickd
: The system is still rigged.. tell Hillary to come clean & u give her amnesty MR. PRESIDENT....GOD BLESS YOU AND AMERICA
supporting trump all the way.
Horsehit!Joke!!!
MAGA
counting down the days until you disappear!
Your post is proof  that you are a good Democrat
well I do try. Cool spam tho thanks!
You don't even know what spam is. I replied to your lame attempt at spamming
LOOK WHAT i FOUND! BUSTED!!
AND thank God it won't be YOU
"My brain is really fucked up, but I don't agree with the surgeons, so I'm going to let a chemistry teacher operate."
we love you!! Your speech today brought tears to my eyes- We NEED YOU!!!
That moment you realize @marcorubio would be up 10 pts on Hillary about now
wow look how many comments you leave for Trump you must love him you cant stay off of his Twitter. #youloveTrump
Term Gaps, logical evolution of Democracy and a vital rethinking of term limits.Term Gaps a way to fix our broken system!
thank you for not quitting! Leaders never quit when it gets tough!
wonderful speech today in Gettysburg Mr. Trump
.@realDonaldTrump Vote for me and I'll bring Jim Crow back. Vote for me, and we'll bring back a white male dominated society!
Waaaa!!! I want a black & brown coutry but Im too pussy to move to one Waaa!!!
This is RIGGED!
Everyone came out against me!
Latinos
Muslims
Women
Media
Republicans
.. even PolitiFACT!
#Gettysburg
Boo-hoo
That's youre to-do list on Nov. 9th! #boohoo
http://www.denverpost.com/2016/10/21/trumps-inner-circle-knows-he-has-lost/ … Cry me a river ;)
That's such Horseshit. Trump said today the Polls are Rigged. 
Everyone Vote Trump!!
Can't question the orange ogre's word ;)
Your chooch is an orange ogre. Get a checkup
LMAO
Know this Term Gaps is the intent of our founders. 
Term Gaps can help restore The People's government! Will you help?
So now Trump is our savior right - GMAFB - the clown is an idiot & how he has buffaloed so many for so long is beyond me
@Richieamx Amen Donald J Trump! We are soooo ready for change!!!
One year ago.

The Wall Street White House: Trump hires fifth Goldman Sachs staffer to the administration 
https://www.salon.com/2017/03/16/the-wall-street-white-house-trump-hires-fifth-goldman-sachs-staffer-to-the- …
if i wasn't so terrified of Oompa Loompas, you'd get my vote
Come join the other side, this is where the real Magic will have happen #veterans @realDonaldTrump
lol. I was always a bit of a renegade

    it
I am convinced you will win. I hope you intend to get rid of comey & hire someone with integrity. I like Rudy for ag

Respectfully, we can absolutely thank you for it.   From Obama’s “Change you can believe in” to “
“The swamp shall rise again”. Thanks GOP!
With a freeze on federal hires except military & public H&S, how would the deportation plan or the wall come about?
Border patrol already their with hands tied. US Workers will build wall not FED. Employees, pay attention u talking out azz

so close!!  #MAGA
Mr. Trump I realize that you trust who is writing your wife's speeches.. I felt bad for your wife...the media sucks

ain't that the truth!  More evident every day
You're the right person to bring change!
Donald, you're finished.

I see Trump haters but never see enthusiasm for HC on social media, her rallies, yard signs, where in world are her voters?

Yes it has.#MAGA
LOCK HER UP! The hottest T Shirt of the campaign is here! #LockHerUp #MAGA
so much hate is being directed towards people who are Hispanic or Asian but are Americans citizens.  Stop the hatred.

Weeellll said!  That's ALL you should've said all campaign!  I'm voting 4 U!  Hope it's not too late
a guy who punched his gf in the face voting for Trump? *Gasp* shocker
What do you think to this?
I repeat: I will represent pro bono anyone #Trump sues for exercising their free speech rights. Many other lawyers have offered to join me. https://twitter.com/jonshiffman/status/789875529793073153 …
Bet you also think @BernieSanders is a doofus and that #Marijuana should be illegal
#PodestaEmails15
#MAGA
Intelligent response to a simple question*

* Most #HRC supporters can't answer simple Qs 
If #CrookedHillary is doing so well why doesn't she cease campaign spending?
You people are 50% deplorable and 100% mouthbreathing dumbasses. No president can improve your life, even your god, Trump
Then why vote for any president? We need jobs returned to US, & strong immigration reform. #CrookedHillary wants to sell us out.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY …
Donald is CREAMING HRC in the polls that matter! Why she has no shot: http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/10/twtw-election-model-update-3.html …
#MAGA
Also winning by 2% in new LA Time Poll. Hillary never should have screwed Bernie. Now it's all on #wikileaks
YOU DONT HAVE TO LIKE TRUMP YOU JUST HAVE TO LOVE AMERICA
More internet hacks, sure glad obama gave away internet control. Russia bad,did HRC Sell them URANIUN RIGHTS?  HRC FOR NWO
@kailashwg you say to all American Divorce, Divorce and Divorce
Hes only just begun
well its kind of hard to win when you're opponent uses mass voter fraud of 2 million dead people
Damn str8. I wonder just how theyre doin that?
President Trump...."The People's Champion!"
: IF SHE DON'T COME CLEAN,,, GIVE HER BOTH BARRELS.. BILL TOO.
Go Donald go!
More internet hacks, sure glad obama gave internet control away. US scared of RUSSIA sure glad we sold Uranium HRC for NWO
I see. Keep deceiving yourselves. And Trump emails are un-hackable?
Wake up soon you can expect more men in women's restrooms and more late term abortions. Then gun rights gone.
#MAGA #NeverTrump
No, we don't want to use your S&M tricks you use on your gay lovers

please watch its great !
lol give up. Its over, hombre
nice try that jag didn't work punk
lol I'm just happy the lunatic DT is gonna lose
But how do you know that? You know its RIGGED?
Not from a broken person like you! #NeverTrump From #EvanMcMullin would be a possibility for real change. YOU WILL LOSE!!!!
jfk warned us about same situation pay attention.  Stop talking out ur azz.  Wake up to institution of NWO taking US over
can you pay your contractors before they go broke? #NeverTrump
Yes, she Killed Bin Laden, evens out! #NeverTrump
.@realDonaldTrump https://youtu.be/SYoOPgeTMQc  why do you give jobs to low wage labor workers in china?


go Trump!   #DrainTheSwamp
Change has come to our broken system..HILLARY, that's who will improve our system. You will be making license plates in NY
best speech. U just won the election.

YOU'RE broken.....
Victim #11 has outed you. What say you, Mr. #SexualPredatorInChief
if spoke everyday the way you spoke in Gettysburg. You would have it sewn up. Great speech!
Donald your the change none of us want we want to leave the racist good old days behind us.
we need a SPECIAL
PROSECUTOR for the 12 million and
Patrick Kennedy pay to play
U realize that you'll forever be known as the biggest losing Prez candidate in modern history? It'll be 1st line of ur obit
Donald,  you are so full of hate & lies your followers are acting just like you. They should follow you to Russia.
Hillary is maggot hoping to feed off early immigrants and their decendents to feed her corruption #draintheswamp
@HillaryClinton @GOP most Americans don't have money for medical savings account or able to wait for tax deduction wake up
Yes , you are a broken system and you need to change !
awesome speech! U spoke the truth, direct and we are ready for u to become POTUS.#MAGA

Only Trump can replace the "squeaky wheel" in Wash DC instead of "greasing" it, politically speaking.
Terrible speech at Gettysburg.  When you read from a teleprompter you're very low energy. Sad. Believe me. Pathetic.
sir you need to talk about what's important and stop worrying about Hillary's bulshit stay focused on what's important.
@tpdeod32 That means we Deplorables need to get ourselves plus three others to the polls!
if Hillary Clinton flees America to avoid prosecution she can't go to Russia- they'll stick her in a Siberian work camp!
ONLY LOSERS DON'T THINK AMERICA IS GREAT.  BELIEVE ME
I feel sorry for your son. I really do. @realDonaldTrump
you are not the best option to fix any broken thing!!!
BS pardon not being politically correct, SO These people in the video are all Khazarian Jews uhm
@realDonaldTrump
Long-time insider political bribe master, manipulator extraordinaire claims to be the outside fix: ironic, inie now outie?
Damn right, sir. I've never seen anyone get support from so many diverse & unique people. You will be seen as the


You're the worst speaker I have ever http://seen.You  can't look at people when you're reading.Terrible TelePrompTer reader
LOL sorry girl, the conservative gays hate you too http://hill.cm/mkzzuul 
great speech. Ppl who watch your speech are convinced that you make America prosperity again. They will all vote for you.
Or does it.
if you think you are the change then we are doomed
Loser ! You will not be POTUS lol
NOTICE Foreign aid welfare never run out of money get increases every year Shows who politicians are for TRUMP RIGHT AGAIN
but NOT from your friend in RUSSIA!

Grab them by the pollsVote blue

great speech in Gettysburg. Honored your in our neighborhood @ Regent univ
@FemalesForTrump -This man speaks the truth!
FOR LOVE OF GOD FAMILY AND COUNTRY VOTE TRUMP! #HILLARYFORPRISON
@hillaryclinton our system is NOT broken.  This country has risen above every single self serving movement to bring it down
I LOVE YOUR PASSION!!!! You're hot, on fire!!

why you do not show this thing for all american people of the DEMOCRAT support for this TRASH.
Absolutely #DrainTheSwamp
http://observer.com/2016/10/clinton-journalist-has-meltdown-after-his-russian-conspiracy-theory-is-debunked/ …
Agree!! A vote for @HillaryClinton is for 4 more years!! #LockHerUp  #TrumpTrain #TrumpPence16 #GettysburgAddress 
Keep it up don't want Dems to sleep all must show up for HRC and Vote Out All Republicans
#DrainTheSwamp
strange how liberals long anti system .And when a man steps up to drain the swamp..liberals shout him down
A million tweets and rallies won't change the fact that you're inept, unprepared, unhinged, and incompetent. Buh bye.
BWAHAHAHA! #PERVERT #JACKASS #LAUGHINGSTOCK

this is just what the Dr ordered. I had to work but I dvrd your speech. Best ever. Thank you mr President. Get used to it
you sound like a broken record 
its really a shame that so many democrats are part of the broken system. I can not figure why.
we can fix it without you

U know what? UR hand gestures R very distracting. Could you please stop that? Thanx. #KeepinItRealPhilly
Donald Trump...straight talking, tough talking, what the majority of American voters want to hear !
Perfect speech yesterday.  Thanks for the first 100 days info.  Drop talk about those lying women.  Done and done.
#tribalgoverments
A system that allows you so many deductions is rigged.
Even the slogan" Change" was copied from OBAMA, the man that you hate and envy because of his skin color
yeah maybe Russia, Shina, North Korea?
Yes, because people that have no political knowledge or any intelligence (you) can help.
@faireem We agree change has to come from outside, it's why we're voting @Evan_McMullin Join us.
don't think so, I vote #Trump. Not splitting the ticket at this late date.
I never vote democrat, so I can't vote for either liberal NYr. #NeverTrumpOrHillary
your choice sweetie. I will say good luck, but, your guy is running behind even Johnson.
Liberaltarian Johnson won't win a single state, #EvanMcMullin will. Conservatives have a voice.
perhaps, perhaps not, but he won't do anything but take votes from Trump, he can't win. #Trump
No, told you we will #NeverTrump over a year ago. My vote goes to only candidate remaining I trust.
whatevs. Vote for whom you wish sweetie. I vote #Trump. Will not sway. #TRUMP!!! #MAGA!!!!
TrumPence:Take America Back To 1850 Again ~ End campaign D.J. You are Unfit Unqualified Unstable Uncouth Unwanted ~ U stink
@LindaSuhler TRUMP is the 1 Anointed to fix our broken  AMERICA ! 
@GOP We don't have a broken system. We have had 6 years of do-nothing Republicans in Congress. VOTE DEMOCRAT to fix Gov
RUSSIA
Yes, change for the worse....
literally impossible to enact the bulk of your first day policy proscriptions. The President is not a king.
You're broken, Donald...not the system.
#DrainTheSwamp CLEAR TOO SEE 50 YEARS OF RIGGING THE INNER CITY'S Taking advantage of low voter turn out with phony ballets
So proud of my President Donald Trump!!!
Don, the system is fine, it is the people like you who make it look bad and want to change it for your own benefit.
going backward is not a change!  #orangehitler don't ruin our democracy.
please just win! I will literally cry if we don't becuz our country will be in danger!
Megan Kelly's hit comedy show should be taken off the air...! She doesn't know when to stop Trump and Newt are good men ..!
@rik47657664 i trust you and believe that you will bring America back to its greatness I knew as a child.
GO TRUMP  WE WILL BEAT CROOKED HILLARY ON NOV 8!!!
yes but not from  one who has always used the courts like a cudgel and who hides behind a sycophantic team of consiglieres
- Michelle wants the Obamas to be Bushes so W is teaching her to sail #RiggedElections
#USA does not need you!. Fix your broken companies, broken family, broken marries, broken soul #TrumpTanic #TrumpClown
Tired of hearing talk, and seeing your orange face. Will glad when you move on with your tail between you legs.
Vote Trump....MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN....
Latino Organizations in Iowa Say They Will Never Support Trump
Mr. Trump is the 'change' agent in the 2016 race, while @HillaryClinton stinks of establishment corruption! Vote TRUMP! MCM
Your 100 day plan is SUPER!
肉鸡怎么救？还是换新的吧。
I get it. I pray more people will too.
WOW!  Horrible green screening and bad timing on the uploaded cheers! Must not have paid them either!
thank you
Please Come back to Michigan before the November election! #MAGA
Rocky Balboa Speech - Motivation https://youtu.be/RC6sMFbL288 
Only thing broken is YOU!
- Edit spch 30 min
- Find time to buy on mjr cables n ntwk
- Shed bk to bk days
- Ded donation to fund

$$$ will pour in
good morning

It will be fixed soon. She's on her way.
perhaps but you aren't the qualified by person that we need. You lack class
dump donald trump you are a sick man.  Get help before is too late. Melania get a good divorse lawyer
No thank u. U are not e change
