Bill loves kids
What products are the Clinton's manufacturing to increase their wealth?
Have you heard Danney's story? If not why deny him without INFORMATION?
Why deflect and divert? That's so liberal of you. Tell me about Danney Lee Williams
Well that does it, I refuse to vote Biden for POTUS on November 8th!
... and your proof is a series of clips from the "LEFT-WING MEDIA" 
#2. Biden is not running for POTUS, but if any women come forward and accuse him of improper behavior, it should be covered.
Maybe no coverage of those clips when he ran for VP because none of those clips had occurred yet. OMG COVERUP.
How dare you talk about THE BIDEN like that. Your sick twisted behaviour towards women does not compare to it
Bill loves kids
is Biden running for president?
And he's proud of his Hillary hat
biden is one sick bird....his hand movements on those little girls are very deliberate and he does it right in front of parents, camaras.
You're missing the point. We don't care who else is being accused of it. YOU'RE RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT NOW! Man up and deal.
the point being is its bullshit,  Biden was kissing little girls on the cheek, not grabbing their twats!
i member that video. Joe creepy af
@WO#ImWithHer: An Open Letter To #Hillary Clinton, From A Dad With a Daughter: Thank You |
ahhh but it's not just women he does this to, see the children involved. This is not right. This is what our government and hollywood  is infested with.
#trumprally #TrumpPence16
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sd8o3WUKP8M …

Too busy watching you lose.
I hope someone will intensify the audio and expose what is said because it sounds very bad.
Trump, when are you going to stop trying to appeal to members of your basket of deplorables?
when the democraps are neutralized
you could tell everyone of those girls was uncomfortable
LOOK WHO'S TALKING!!!
so it's fair as long as it's not about you?
Stop!!! Please focus!!! We want to know how you are going to MAGA
@wikileaks #WakeUpAmerica

 WATCH CREEPY SICK #Joebiden


From #USElection2016 we will see a lot of censured scenes from the past events haha
will you comment on this?
wow Hillary Clinton must have a long reach if she is getting the UK media to lie about Trump now. (Note my sarcasm).
noted - 

They're not lying though https://www.pacermonitor.com/public/case/19421595/v_Trump_et_al …
nah thats way too complicated for me. I'll just stick with journalists dumbing it down!
No doubt there will be something you can watch on Info Wars today
I actually have never looked at infowars. I'm normally a @guardian and @BBCNews girl
here you are then
@LenToddWOR
is how biden running? You are justifying your disgusting behavior. Drop out loser
"Baby you should be in pictures"
wow i thought this was a fake tweet but its real? yeah its not secret but now the WORLD knows lol
This should have never been allowed what is wrong with these parents
Sick 
Everyone has skeletons in the closet, how about the ultimate verbal abuse of Alicia Machado while she was Miss Universe in your beauty industry? again focusing on others to derail your skeletons, maybe when Putin gets mad, he'll put out the dirty laundry to dry. 

if someone else does it, it's OK for you to do it? Take responsibility for yourself.
I hate trump anyone better than him
None of these leftists said anything about Biden when they voted, but he's suddenly off the hook cuz hes not running now!
Ji Pranam!
it's time to go to jail now Hillary Clinton!
WHERE ARE THE INDICTMENTS?????
we love joe.
well.. Let's see now. Is this in the lockerroom? #TrumpTapes #gop #groping
shame on you...making up stories when u know u can't keep it zipped up!
I'll give you that his actions are a "Uncle Joe" kind of strange. URs is with non consensual women!
I'm more interested in aliens are real
obviously you do not give a shit abut anyone else.. so who cares what you want?
Donald Trump is eye candy & overly successful. Joe Biden is the groper model used against DT.
Joe Biden is soon to have women tell about the real Joe

Biden is outlandishly creepy. 
May be u can explain y uncle joey biden inappropriately gropes women & young children yet no adult has the guts to call him out
#Manypeoplearesaying that #JoeBiden isn't running for president. I mean, #PoorDonald is a loser, but stupid?
#ManyPeopleAreSaying Is this how low #Trump has sunk? "BUT MOMMY HE DID IT FIRST" #EnoughIsEnough
Biden is is great shape and still handsome though, unlike fat  and clumsy old yellow haired Trump.

Its not a secret
@DiamondandSilk @MarkSimoneNY @WOR710 @LouDobbs @SheriffClarke 
WATCH SLIMEY JOE BIDEN
GROPE/FONDLE OPENLY
TRULY GROSS YUCK
What's worse is he does it to little girls too 

that word should not be plural.
Keyboard coward! Picking on a woman!

Get a life! Troll!
Now there is the trump supporter I know

Yup awkward, weird & kinds yuck. Except he's not groping &bragging about sexual assault like u
oh thank you thank you for saying this <3   800,000 kids go missing over 500K are listed as runaways... in 3 years time that means 1.5 million runaways.. where the hell are they???????
Can you do something about this?
@EntheosShines @MarkSimoneNY @WOR710 GEE WHERE'S MSM ON THIS. 
Thank you @IngrahamAngle
This was a good one for the president to leave alone. Too bad he didn't.
That's the real reason Biden didn't run for Pres.  Too many photos/videos out there of him fondling children.

Funny because we have seen FLOTUS react the same to your touch.  Or sometimes she just slaps your hand away.
disgusting to try & make this a story. VP Biden is 1 of the biggest heroes for sexual abuse awareness
Stick to the policy we are with you to win it #TrumpPence
America doesn't care about this anymore. We know she is corrupt, you don't have to defend yourself more than once.
this was Joe to Rescue to keep #CrookedHillaryRooten from keep falling
How much are you getting paid  by @realdonaldtrump @marksimoneny @nichonasri Hii campaign si bure hehehehe
, you're getting desperate Donald...
How long until Biden blames this video montage on the Kremlin? (I'm not sure that's even a joke.)
Joe's not running.
. He don t force.or sexual. He not on ballot.Trump this is not Hollywood. U on the ballot.
here's the difference. Joe is loved, you are despised. End of story.
@WOR71many pictures show biden a bit too Amorous with Hill. Her kind of man
#iknowyouarebutwhatami
I don't think he put his hand up their skirt
You're projecting.
Democrats = hypocrites. So fake... rarefied air.
yeah I saw some pictures and some videos on YouTube about you doing that made me sick and the girls are cringing
who opened PANDORAS BOX.Hillary Clinton! EVERY SINGLE VOTE IS NEEDED TO DEFEAT FRAUD!!! VOTE TRUMP!
definitely creepy
http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Capture-16.jpg …
dude you're literally so petty like is this what you have your campaign team do all day ?
@ChristiChat @MarkSimoneNY @WOR710 that's different because he is a Democrat
So it is wrong when people accuse you but right when you accuse others? Two wrongs don't make a right son.
you are beyond pathetic
Hahahahaahahahahahahaha!!! Grasping at straws, douche-nozzle? Keep going! #moron #LOSER #StupidDonald
all on tape! Omg....Trump did it behind the scenes, sneaky groping disgusting
The difference is Biden doesn't brag about assault.
No doubt creepy and disgusting. Yet he just went on TV yesterday clamoring about 'character.'
Whats Biden Been hiding all the Years Now lets expose e-mails woes he knows the story To crush old glory .
My god how dear VP Biden put his hands on people's shoulders and upper back, if he grabbed them by the p****

Creepy Uncle Joe,groping girls,oogling women,adjusting Hillarys pushup bra,but he USES RATED G WORDS!
So. Damn. Presidential. @realDonaldTrump #sarcasm
Don't go dragging Joe down to your level!
Shame on you Joe.
@lstrollo @MarkSimoneNY @WOR710 he's as creepy and weird inappropriate as they come
@Darren32895836 @MarkSimoneNY @WOR710 When it's on video he can't deny these nasties. It's been talked about before often.
Stick to the policies you will #win this election!! Pls.don't give her a chance to win! We need you!!
Do you even know what sexual assault is?
desperate?
but he didn't grab their Pus#y
He must have learned how to sexually assault women from you. Sad.
Is he running for POTUS?
hey Don, is this why you want the office?
Just in case you didn't see pic... here it is!
STOP ENGAGING IN THIS CRAP. FOCUS ON THE ISSUES. YOU NEED TO BE BIGGER THAN THIS. I'M BEGGING YOU.

Back on the issues !  No one believes the stories... let the surrogates defend. #MAGA
he is a very creepy man so touchy feely clearly making women uneasy especially little girls.
We don't care about Joe Biden!  We care about you!  Stay on topic and stop feeding the press!  We want you to win!!!
looks like he has nothing but compliments for the people - he is hugging with open/patting hands not grabbing
You're constantly looking for other people to justify your actions.Truth isno one brags abt it like u
he's nasty
I've seen this over & over on him. Fox News has forgotten.
Joe Biden's actions aren't the concern right now.  Take responsibility for YOUR candidacy and actions
LOL
Don't lower yourself to their stinking garbage Donald----stick with the issues!
Some of those are called touchy feely  men Gross! Men don't get it woman pats you on the arm when hugged Stop
hahahaha hahaha so show us your tax returns duplicitous Donald
Deflection doesn't change your actions, you are the one on trial for child rape and more to come. #TrumpIsFinished
you looking decent men to bring in your leage no shame are remorse bully
http://www.AllTalkNoAction.org  #MAGA #FollowTheMoney #NoSacredCows #noPC #nomore #TeamTrump #Breaking
Biden is beyond creepy
Biden is a sexual predator that has been charged yet
Talk about octopus  he has it covered!
Donnie baby, I just double checked...Joe Biden isn't running for POTUS...

again, deflecting your own atrocities onto others. You're a pathetic, desperate man, Donny.
that is freaking creepy!
it's uncomfortable watching.he had Hillary in a death grip!
trump= pig
amateur, he obviously hasn't read your book to know your supposed to "grab'm by the pussy" @MarkSimoneNY
he’s a “feminist’ democrat liberal, so like Bill he’s allowed.
Trump is the SLEEZE @realDonaldTrump @MarkSimoneNY
Keep trying useless don't see the Trump Elephant move Oh and there is a 70's 1st class seat
no one is immune from your childish behavior except ur family, are they?
Joe Biden a.k.a. the PA pervert
Is Joe Biden contesting now?
Which one did he grab by the pussy?
but he didn't grab them by the pussy
NOTHING you say will make me think you're a sane individual.Delete your account.#neverTtump #poorrichboy
: Introduce "Obama's Erection Video" at #Debate Sitting reporter sexually harassed?
Are you serious? There is nothing inappropriate here. Biden is the most sincere, sweetest man who gives HUGS!
joe is a good and decent man. Something foreign to you
Thanks for putting this up!
#PredatorDon is he grabbing them up their skirt like you?
you're really going there? Stories about you would die if you would just shut up.
Most ridiculous defense ever: EVERYONE'S doing it, so I couldn't have done anything wrong.  #NeverTrump
Joe is the REAL PERVERT!!!
don't look at anyone else, look at yourself and what you have done !
Trumps tweets- 10% issues 30% attack GOP, 30% on polls/events 30% attack media
let's get a little creepier,Google ''Cathy Obrien'' the little girl that HRC MOLESTED!
too late to matter for him.but it is not to late to shut u down

This is how the R candidate spends his time? Wow. You've convinced me. I'm no longer voting for Biden. smh.
not ok for him? Not ok for you!
interesting behavior. Can you imagine what Biden is like with no cameras around? Cringe.
he's not running for president.
Proverbs 24:16
For a righteous man falls seven times, and rises again, But the wicked stumble in time of calamity.
You are one The lowest Creep in Our Country!!!  And to think I use to admire you!!!

.@realDonaldTrump You only WISH you were in the same league as the honorable and beloved @JoeBiden.
that moment when the indignant serial killer says "other people kill people too."
"Beware the fool caught in his folly."
I am Sorry... He said some dump things again :( #DumpTrump
BITEME BIDEN
SICKO DONALD TRUMP doing what he does best !!  YUCK !!
Biden is senile
Joe Biden is running for President!!!!!!!!!!
Newsflash! He's not running to be President, Rapist!
Mr.President. Let God take care of those evil ones against You and the 80% of Americans. ToGodBeTheGlory!
Wow -- didn't realize Joe Biden was running for president.  Nice!  #pipedream
