
... no, please. The antifa movement probably started with the best intentions and has become what you are opposed to
And who are you? Apart from presumptuous...
Will that be before or AFTER your court dates? America wants to know...
My President 
Love this GIF!!
@sillyauntie @dcexaminer why not just fix whatever is not good?  Rebuild /repair infrastructure instead of stupid wall!
@LiberalJaxx The leaders of this country (THE PEOPLE ) promise a special session to repeal @realDonaldTrump.
Be nice we know your mad. Just take your ball and go home. BYE
ty ty ty..  trump
On the outside chance you win, the senate will filibuster. Do you even legislate? #NeverTrump
@xanderberkeley whats better than obamacare? socialist medical security? oh you will reveal it when u win
This has aged well....
Can we have a special session to repeal him?...Just asking...actually...the entire planet is asking...:-)
@pw_cunningham Trump is a #assclown I know this because I've seen one or I didn't I could be wrong but I think I right!
have u rf imaginary  session  after you lose nov8th. You sociopath
los cambios son buenos cuando son con sentido .comun y beneficioso para el pueblo .

El presidente Donal Trum.es un ganio .y los cambios que haga seran para mejor .
las oratorias delPresidente .Donal Trump .tiene sentido.con respecto a un cambio en ese pais .
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F%C3%BChrer …
@ConserValidity @dcexaminer my premium up 41%
what happened?
Any news organizations that dose nothing but bash our president should be prosecuted @TYTNetwork is garbage!!!!
please keep pre-existing conditions in your new plans. Congratulations!
And replace it with what? You're going to ruin my chance to retire if I don't have affordable health ins.
Tennis is for little silky boys. I'd imagine you're pretty good at rimming
will he have time, what with appearing in court on Trump U and child rape cases?
he has a lawyer to take care of false accusations, there are no charges. Keep try Hilary supporter.
your spelling is so Russian.
yeah, you being a Hilary supporter would not understand proper English, but we don't spell at grade 2 level
wow big word, did you find a dictionary or thesaurus? I am so proud, you are learning. Congrats
Yes, I know. It's all in fun. In the end whom ever wins, wins. Don't take anything on hear seriously.
but when can we see your #trumptaxes ?  What are you hiding from is? If you're so legit, release
"I see anything, I know nothing!" Thanks Col.Klink
McDonald's Donald Trump's plane found his secret cargo compartments full of heroin and methamphetamines emails
I claim 2016 decision I am e pluribus unum I represent all people I have a majority and I won two years ago

you rail on existing policies but have failed, on every turn, to offer anything more than an empty sound bite.
me. Please allow pre-existing conditions in health care plans.my 38 year old son cannot get  health insurance.
can you give a detailed explanation of how your plan will work? Have concerns ppl might die during lapses of coverage?
ignorant
Does he really think he can do this without congress. Obamacare has with stood attacks. Supreme Court has upheld it. Fix it
Sound like Jim Jones when you read from the teleprompters- telling them to drink the kool -aide. @GloriaBorger @ErinBurnett
You are another sexy man and that is not the only reason I am voting for you. You know what you are talking about.
What do you plan to replace it with? Single-payer? That's actually a pretty good idea. Tell me more about it.
Another waste of time without a alternative health plan.
fantastic. What will be replacing Obamacare?
Can't get over teeny tiny hands
Your promises are EMPTY.  You will lie and cheat to get by in life - not the rest of us.
.@realDonaldTrump You realize that you are not running for dictator?  Presidents enforce laws, not dictate them.
PROMISES, PROMISES, PROMISES!!!
AT LEAST OBAMA TRIED; GOP NEVER OFFERED NAT. HEALTH CARE JUST WRECKED IT; WHY ITS FAILING IS DUE TO GOP..
#HillaryIndictment
Of course, Congress will already be in session on his first day
Get the #Government and state governmental agencies out of Medicine! Let doctors do what they were trained to do&get paid!
@ofccadjust @dcexaminer that's good nobody can afford it, those Obamacare increase letters should be Trump ballots
That would be a great move for us Americans!
@pw_cunningham
a visit to ER was 100. Up front now it's 700. Up front  this is wromg
Trump's a puppet. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liKhLNY5GYI …
Thank you - its premiums are killing the little guy out here as well as the individual! @ReutersPolls
/  can you repeal it from rape prison?
Where are the tax returns?@dcexaminer
are you familiar with the 20th Amendment by any chance?
Trump doesn't know Congress WILL BE IN SESSION in January. He would call a special session? Trump is clueless.
Why the need for a special session if congress is in session when he is sworn in?
THEY COULDNT DO IT THE OTHER 52 TIMES WHAT MAKES U THINK U CAN DO IT IN ONE TRY? U DUMMY DONALD TRUMP!
#MEDICARE4ALL health care should B a rite 4 ALL Americans. Healthy  citizens is a Natl security issue!
What existed b4 Obamacare was awful! Health care shd B a right of every American not just 4 those who can pay!

So what happens to people with pre-existing  conditions & those who can't afford health ins as U can?
You can barely promise to keep your hands to yourself. #FuckfacevonClownstick
Trump is such an idiot he doesn't even know how congress works. DUH!
Please help us on medicare too.  It is too expensive for most.
Trump don't know if employees have insurance who work under the Trump name that should tell us something
Would you consider an overhaul on all insurance?  Auto, home, life as well as health insurance.  Rates are unbearable!!!
Special session? Is that because you need special help? That has been obvious for a long time.
The ACA is the least of your worries, Don. You need to think about how to stay out of prison. #ImWithHer #MAGA
losing healthcare that allows pre-existing ... how many ppl will die because of your ideas?
sounds great. just dont replace it with anything.

just remember those who are urgent care still need medical like cancer & other life ending problems
@TeaParty_CA @dcexaminer NEVER TRUMP =DESTRUCTION 
FAMILY DO YOU HAVE CHILDREN UNDER 26!O PRECONDITION THEM 
VOTE HILARY!!
OBAMAFAILUREis a waste... his very name is a waste of 8 YEARS!!! #@GOAWAYOBAMAKENYA

Trump should have to personally cover the medical expenses of people who will lose coverage without the ACA.
2 hours and counting

We have to kill Obamacare before it kills the Middle Class #RepealObamacare #MAGA
Replace it with what? He has no clue. He will never keep his promises. All talk, all bullshit
I love it when you hide Trump keep hiding boy

@chrgdup1973 @dcexaminer Focus on Why Hillary Approved Sale Of 20% of Our Uranium to Russia
And leave 22-million Americans without healthcare.  The stock market as a predictor is betting on your 90-day Impeachment.
mr trump miiss piggy she is in news she harming u she said ur common on women ur call them fat u want grab their vagina
This will never happen.
@pw_cunningham http://www.newsweek.com/2016/11/11/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120.html …
http://countercurrentnews.com/2016/11/trump-13-year-old-threatening-make-victim-disappear-just-like-girl-told-anyone/ … Repeal @realDonaldTrump


A special session of Congress is not needed.  Congress will already be in session. But, who will be in control of Congress?
and you know how worthless his promises are. Will not even pay cheerleaders he hired for rallies.
U won't even b invited 2the ball much less make a governmental decision you failure. USA new Mascot TrumpClown.
if he does, I lose health insurance I waited years for
@theUTmyth @dcexaminer And just like that millions of people have zero health care. Again.
repeal and replace with what?  You have no answers!  It's stupid to repeal Obamacare!
how about health insurance on a sliding scale method? I've got some ideas.
THE VETS  STILL HAVE NOT BEEN PAID YET DON !!  YA STIFFED THEM LIKE THE CONTRACTORS  !!  HONEST DON !! GONNA PAY THEM
You've made ALOT of promises for a known SERIAL LIAR.
Trump has no idea how government works but that doesn't matter since America will never elect him. #NeverDon
duh they will already be in session. #Clueless
"POLITICAL ATTACK" on Donald Trump by Council On Foreign Relations to Place Hillary in W.H.     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idJpDuEW4wM …
Seriously? Our high school Civics students know more about the three branches of government than Elementary Trump.

The only way to save our healthcare system - Ours goes down and there will be nowhere for the Canadians to go for theirs!
@ - promising things, that you can't do on your own - here you need congress to agree - amazing it's a democracy
GET IT DONE!
So ridiculous! Time for "YUGE" change!

I don't want Obamacare repeal I want it fixed
. Tennessee for Trump
Won't Congress be in session at that point?
Can you call a special session when they are IN session?
one more line of BS from a BS artist
is that before or after u will pay back putin by giving him Alaska back
that grabber. We must protect the 
Let's tax the Dems to cover the OBAMACARE subsidies. Every dem politician and every registered Dem. It's fair.
will you personally guarantee better cover and cheaper. Just more DT. BS
Tell me what law there is that prevents companies from selling health insurance in more than one state right now?
wants trumpnotatallcare (care for the rich / leave the poor behind). Come on idiots with no heart thats a good plan!
Your supporters who are unemployed have no clue how bad a repeal will effect them. Sad that you are misleading them
@KatrinaPierson @dcexaminer but I never hear what it will be replaced with.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AND SAFE AGAIN
#America vs #trump

#Debate

"Special Session" would be your #Impeachment
* #CubanEmbargo
* rape
* evading taxes

@realdonaldtrump
WRONG!
scary is having no health insurance at all so tell this to the people Obamacare has helped tell them your plan no bs
and what do you suggest we do to fix our national healthcare crisis?
☆The Clinton Library is in Little Rock & the airport is named for the Clinton’s but DJT will win Arkansas by double digits.
Be prepared to put something better in its place.
This is incredibly irresponsible.  Republicans have had ample opportunity to come forth with alternative.
why would you want to take millions of peoples insurance away? horrible idea. #TrumspterFire.
WONT HAPPEN A you're not gonna win and B if you did it's not something you just wave your hand and it's done
Obamacare was designed to "Fail" ,  "Single-Payer" was the ultimate Goal. After all we are all "Stupid".
#did Obama ever care?
@pw_cunningham
@pw_cunningham #TrumpForPeace
If Obamacare's bad, why did you enroll 80% of your staff? You declared on tv.  That's how you'll make US great
you have no plan
ok and what r U going to replace it with Donny?something Terrific like you've said on several occasions?lmao
yeah and you are dismantled social security and Medicare
so he is going to just throw 20 million people off health care.  Really for the little guy/gal huh?
@pw_cunningham  Please Don..
What are you going to do for the millions of seniors who would be put into bankruptcy because of higher prescription prices
@KatrinaPierson @dcexaminer Thanks to Trump for his courage to fight this monstrosity...Obamacare
You lie 95% of the time and NEVER keep your promises!Only idiots believe you'll keep this one @realDonaldTrump @pw_cunningham #DumpTrump

Maybe you can flesh out your replacement plan first, before kicking 20 million out of health insurance!
Evidence is mounting that potential homeowners are wary about buying properties carrying the Trump name. For the...
The Creators of the Universe say: "You will perish Donald Trump" History will not remember you!" #TheCreators
Thank God you will not be president, you need to focus on all the lawsuits coming up. Trump to Jail, soon .
Millions of people will die of Obamacare is repealed. They'll be poor but you don't care about that do you?
@ABCNEWS @CBSNEWS @NBCNEWS @CNN @MSNBC @FoxNews @washingtonpost @nytimes #TrumpPence2016 #MAGA #NeverHillary
Soon you will have your thumbs down when you loose on November 8. It is the people that will choose Hillary and not some f.
Obama care is the best thing that ever happened to me. Please keep Obama care. 0d 0 co 0 premiums!!
