
the crowds really r amazing. How can polls b right? Keep up the great work. You'll b able to rest on Nov 9, for a day or 2.
The polls don't mean anything, Trump will win by a landslide


Excellent!
I have many black friends voting for you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
why bother with policies, tax returns and other boring stuff? Let's #MakeTheWhiteHouseSexyAgain!
#ImWithHer: An Open Letter To #Hillary Clinton, From A Dad With a Daughter: Thank You | People's
Wacky @MagicRoyalty had a total meltdown after I lost the first debate so bigly. Now says "Liberals" are lunatics. DISASTER! #ClownTrain
lol birds of a feather Tump's is a loon and he attracts them
don't get complacent with good polls, vote vote vote
you didn't pay the media , she did. Time to unify the country. Show leadership! Bring America Together to Make great again
Follow me if you support Trump!
You are the best Choice for America, Time to End the Corruption and Deceit! #DrainTheSwamp !
RT and Follow me if you're voting for Trump!
.@realDonaldTrump  it will be the most satisfying thing in my life to date, to watch you lose in historic fashion.
dream on
majority have not voted yet. There are people that have not voted in years or have never voted. Voting Trump
GO DONALD !
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT !
DRAIN THE SWAMP GENERAL
Let them. More votes 4U. #AmericaLovesAnUnderDog  #DrainTheSwamp #MASA #MARA #MAGA FOR MY GRANDCHILD

@TeamTrump - Don't worry unduly. U are d Stone which d builders rejected but turned out later to be d head of d corner.
you need to get Regis to do an ad for you,women love him. P!ease we need you!
oh we are gonna watch.... watch you cry lol
...   are Fox News, Brietbart, a part of "the media"?
.@realDonaldTrump What would those polls be? And I'll be glad to watch you lose on Nov 8. Will you tweet your anguish to the world?
@sowtrout
you go mr trump! Let's win this baby
Hillary hadn't denounced her Podesta for being sexist for calling her weird. http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/10/21/clinton-campaign-manager-mocks-hillary-laughing-too-hard-is-her-authentic-weirdness/ …
"Watch what happens!"  If you pull out a severed head I'm going to be very disappointed.

.. The media is afraid of the truth.... they only wish to show your faults vs your strengths... 
.
The truth is he has too many of them. As president he's better game show host.
I hope he doesn't get us into war.. It's hard to believe what's fake news and what's true!
He's a five time bankrupt, narcissistic fool, P...y Grabber In Chief. A bully and a fool.
We need TRUMP to take billions away from liberal programs & put it into Social Security-WHERE IT WAS ILLEGALLY STOLEN FROM!

Nate Silver begs to differ homie.
Trump is the next POTUS!
Whatever helps you sleep at night
Trump is the next POTUS!

I voted against you today and it was one of the greatest experiences of my life.
chris quick question why such the hate for trump and love for Hillary
Ok, I'll bite. Because he's an unqualified racist who is so thin-skinned he might launch nukes over a tweet.
Hillary makes hers through special interest and stocks. She has no need foe you and me.
You seem genuine so I'll just say I can't vote for someone who wants to keep entire religions out of this country. Un-American.
when did he say that?save those comments for non thinkers.
"Donald J. Trump is proposing a ban on all Muslim immigration." It's still on his website.
Nasty women are representing. Trump doesn't stand a chance
YOURE DECEPTIVE. Youve dropped to only a 1 point lead in those 3 nat polls. Clinton is destroying you in ALL THE REST POLLS
The crowds today were HUGE. There is no way Hillary can be winning. I simply don't believe it!
... and there we have the importance of basic numeracy skills, in one pithy tweet.
hmmmm :/
I think its free as long as you sign up for tickets. Ex: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/schedule/register/west-palm-beach-fl/ …
They didn't even ask for tickets at the event I went to.
Drudge report, Foxnews, Brietbart online surveys? That's like surveying you base. Hardly objective.
and none of those are even real news sites. They're tabloids, at best.
Your kicking butt and and taking no names.  The light of liberty is shining today. The liberals are scurrying  underground.
Boxers, briefs or commando? Just wondering which is easier on your sores
Cringy...Also, that comment would be 100x more relevant to Bill Clinton. Do some research.
it's his personal Vietnam.
seriously? Are you high? You're the most disastrous candidate in history. Totally sad.
SO are we to actually believe you? No I doubt that
@DJoeGriffith1 These?
Funny, except I'm @GOP so I don't vote for dems no matter which party nominates them #NeverTrump
Kasich should honor his pledge.
- I agree - even if you don't agree with Trump #nevercrooked!!
- I was a Kasich backer till it was clear he wouldn't get nomination  - now all Trump!
hey shit for brains, say it with me: "unscientific polls don't count"....
yeah science... bleh
Most of these pollsters have good records ,they are not perfect.Polling is not exact but pretty damn good.
Foulness is the Hallmark of your Nominees campaign,if you could call it that.Worse run campaign since Hoover
You refuse to talk to the media.
You are so very lost !!
I am a TRUMP/PENCE REPUBLICAN VOTER !!!  I've already voted !!!
#ObamacareFail more like #obamacareless
The media aka MSM are a voice for darkness.  They certainly cannot shed light on anything.  But WE can! Cut the MSM chord!
why are you still a thing?  Go away
Everyday I read facts about Hillary and it pisses me off why it's not on the 6 o'clock news. Total BS and ignorant people.
Nobody likes a sore loser.
@Sawyernancy1 bc when Obama stomped Romney he crawled under a rock. 58M awake and got your back. the MSM Sabato spew is BS
will you be rooting for the @Cubs in the World Series!? #TryNotToSuck #WeAreGood
what are the name of the 3 new national polls? Please let ME know.
Great! Praise the Lord!
We know you're the real deal down here in FL.#MAGA
.Cnnboughtoutby DemfearofpsychoticralleysHill\Obama rig!whyhesaystrumpwontgetin.pbs hamilton,saidfoundersflewbyseatofpants
the only difference between you and the media,  they will have a job on Nov 9.

was at the rally in Naples, FL on Sunday. Great turnout, lots of enthusiasm. We love you Donald Trump!
Drop some science on me, D-man.

Delete your account.
@nooneishere51 We love you. We won't let you down! Although my state sucks.
I am praying that my vote counts, and Billary's goons don't cheat

they only report real polls. 
Yeah, watch what happens!! #shutupdonny #hurryupandlose
“BOYCOTT China made stuff”
 will transmute direction of American thinking, it will prove how much you care for US
WRONG!!!
what happened in Phoenix with them blocking traffic
douche bag
Keep dreaming Donny, we know your ego won't allow you. Bigly
why are there no Wikileaks's on you? 
at this point do you really expect the false media who is in the tank with Hillary to say anything negative about her?
# You must win by such a huge margin . Only way to overcome cheating .
Even if you do win, you will be impeached. Think about it.
Because they only represent how many times your army of trolls is willing to click vote and reload the page?
their all losers, were winners, the word pussy was used all the time growing up in the 70's especially in sports, USMC
I believe it they are so biased it's not even funny
media refuses polls...blah, blah blah. And 
#DonaldTrump repeatedly REFUSES to release his tax returns. Whose crooked?
, you mean your last three dreams you were ahead. Accept the fact, the majority of Americans don't want you!!!
WATCH WHAT HAPPENS
delusional
in your reality where liar come on ladies will sue your butt
So tell us what the polls are.  Can't find them.
YOUR BEST SPEECH YET IN GETTYSBURG TODAY. TRUMP /PENCE 2016
I seen
as long as they don't have dead people voting you are gonna win
Adult Film Star: Trump Offered To Pay $10K For Sex,Use Of Private Jet #clintonkaine http://crooksandliars.com/2016/10/victim-11-adult-film-star-jessica-drake … @crooksandliars
Chris Wallace is a joke,he should never have ask you about conceding the election, that was a trap, and she never answered
oh POLLS !     that  is one important policy !!!  A TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL MOMENT .
please people do not ignore this information we need to get this out there please help
That is the kind speech we like hear from you. That is what we need to do if we want to save America for our children! MAGA
oh I hope you're right Mr Trump. I want you to be president so badly, save our country please
Trump 2016
yeah the white working men!!!
Keep it up Donald! We"re praying for you from all over the world!
SOCIAL SECURITY, JOBS WE ALL HAVE TO WORK, THE ECONOMY, HEALTH CARE, and fix RECKLESS hilary ACCUSATIONS AGAINST A SUPERPWR
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1183718445022073&id=100001517875054 …
#OTrumpster When are you coming back from your alternate reality? When you do, then, we'll disqualify you?
Well you've got nothing to worry about (media) then if you're in first place. The rigged media is working in your favour.
SHHHHHHHHHH



.......Spreading the word to everyone I meet about how we need you to win Mr. Trump!!
those polls are unimportant
Media already flushed you to a place where you belong. You can only insult and tell lies. You are more hated than Hillary.
#DrainTheSwamp MAGA
you are seriously deluded
just FORGET the polls - worry about doing your GETTYSBURG 100 DAY PLAN - that's the winning game plan!!
.@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton 
NAME THEM!! 
MCDonald's coffee stick pole your office took this morning doesn't count!
I am watching you  and your brand, and your children, go down in flames!
They are to busy running you into the ground an giving some their 15 minutes of fame, an wanting the CROOK in office.
Guy on fb David Hill doing his own poll. Trump 81 Hillary 11. This is out of 726,012 comments 49,084 shares  107,000 likes.
Your going to win!! TRUMP 2016
delusional
-Really? You are truly delusional!
You are delusional
@EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @adjunctprofessr @newtgingrich @AnnCoulter 
Cheating Has Begun!
because they're not real.  Like Bobby in the shower on Dallas.  Or when Roseanne won the lottery.
TY for fighting until the end Donald. I don't agree with everything you say but I believe in your intentions... unlike HRC
Here suewee Trump....sueweer, suewee, sueweeeeeee here Trump..
What is your plan on us middle class drowning in student loan debt? Confused on who to vote for. Deciding point for me.
Too funny, all three have you losing now.

I don't think http://rense.com  is a national poll, but you can dream, DONALD, you have the rest of your life LOSER

- Once again please stay on message and focus on issues. Stop talking about scandals....
And U refuse to talk about the dozens that show you losing big.
because about 16 others say different.
Wrong!
Sesame Street doesn't count as a real poll.  Neither does Gryffindor or Hufflepuff.
Wrote another poem on #FactCheck, #ResistorsOfMSM #All4Trump Please WatchSubscribe Thanks so much@
(wife rapist) @PaulBegala @LibsNoFun @TruthsSerum @RonStarts @MarissaZdazinsk
#crybaby #WhinnerInChief @KellyannePolls said
#BOOM  http://people.com/politics/jessica-drake-accuses-donald-trump-sexual-misconduct/ …

brags about how much he has self-funded. How much is going right back into his pocket? @CNNPolitics
, that's the media for you.   I am so sick and tired of the love fest the media has for Clinton
Just talk obamacare, and all the corruption wikileaks has exposed and you will win.  Stop and pray.
just because it's an online poll doesn't make it accurate
That's because you are NOT first in the latest polls! You have an 11-point deficit! What mirror do you use?
because you aren't; they hate having to Fact Check you all the time.
I agree! Can't wait till you prove them all wrong!
we know the motive
@EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @adjunctprofessr @newtgingrich 
http://www.investors.com/politics/editorials/did-hillary-clinton-sign-form-of109/?platform=hootsuite …
that's right conald  keep reading your dreamer polls. Dream on LOSER!!
good job sir. Quit talking about women stuff. Just focus on points that work. We are behind you. Democrats For trump.
Donald very simple, because both you and your polls have no credibility.
#Shutthefuckup piece of shit predator.
We saw ur speech on 100 days. If u continue to talk that way u will B our next president. Just stop the rhetoric.
loser!!!
Doesn't matter how big you're crowds are, You will lose BIG...We are a progressive Nation
I can't wait to watch you lose.
Texas loves you and you will win Texas
American Patriots for Trump!
we love you Donald! Thank u for all u r doing to set us free! TRUMP 16
4 bankrupcies and counting, yet you claim your got wealth after each. We cannot trust you with planning for the country.
Why talk about polls?
