I love you Mr. PRESIDENT GREAT JOB. IF NO ONE ELSE TELLS YOU. I WILL. YOU GO, KEEP HOLDING, Your head up. God bless
How can we reach them..still wonder why you wouldnt consuder my plea to purchase this cheap bus. place on hwy 3..rent out to a great vit.st.
Con. J.C.s Vitamins licated in Shelton,wa..holding on iffering real medical help..Gods real medicine..pharmaceuticals hurt people.we help
Offering
Term (s) ? Keep dreaming , you'll be lucky if you're not in jail during your first year.
Don Jr too busy with Russia
Liar #Donnie2Scoops
You are such a liar.  Please go away before you embarrass the American people any further.
#EmolumentsClause
"Except in India. And wherever and whenever else I want, because I'm a compulsive liar who can't be trusted."
Ohhhh REALY?!?!?!? EJ 
This lie isn't sitting very well with most of America
#LiarInChief
"No new deals".

Yet another lie. Is that number 3,003 or 3,004? It's difficult to keep count, it changes by the hour.
There is no topic you won’t lie about. No credibility, just ask your wife. Hearing some honest words would be so refreshing. Start with gun control.
And yet another LIE from LIAR in chief Donny Two-Scoops.  Surprise surprise surprise.
Now that we're 6 mos in this was all a lie wasn't it? Don Jr and Ivanka have been quite busy w China.
BWAHAHAHAHA
get rid of Obamacare. We voted for you.
@trumpbigregrets @realDonaldTrump he lied so you would vote for him.
ignorance is bliss--huh?
lier
LOL
LIAR
Ignore the distractions ... get on with Making America Great again!
LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You lie!!!
You lie!!
liar
I believe the American ppl wld  faint if u ever told the truth.The thing w/serial liars is they get caught up n them 2/2
it seems new documents have come to our attention - facts and not your Alternative Facts aka just damn lies. 1/2
LIAR
AND THE LIES JUST KEEP GETTING BIGGER AND BIGGER....WHO ARE YOU???

lying Don does it again.
this is now a proven lie with documents and this saved tweet. Trust benifits you solely. Emulsment clause
Complete lie. Seattle will never host one of your monstrosities. Every brick you put up, we'll tear down.
Resign.
#Potus #DeceivingDonald at his best. Half truth = Lie ..ups no deals abroad, wait until THAT changes. Sad
Ever the liar.

PLEASE SEEK HELP, you are not a well man.  You should be under psychiatric care.
About that...
Trump Hotels will triple locations in U.S. expansion, CEO says http://bloom.bg/2jRLObK  
U & the family are profiting from ur Presidency #Conflicts #Disgraceful Personal wealth over Patriotism. #Sad #Emoluments
PANTS ON FIRE!!!!!!
LIAR LIAR LIAR
Liar!!
Lied about that one too didn't you?
You lied about that one too didn't you?
no new deals?  U mean no new customers, suppliers, employees?  WTF does "no new deals" even mean??
Except for the new deals just announced tripling your branded hotels.  Nothing you say can be trusted.
another lie
Lies and more lies. AMerica a
Laughing stock.
Uh-huh. Yeah, right. Whatever you say. (Nudge, Nudge. Wink, wink)
Congratulations, LIAR-IN-CHIEF. How does it feel to WRECK a once great country? Your comeuppance will be SWEET. You suck.
looks like you lied again! https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-01-25/trump-hotels-to-triple-locations-in-u-s-expansion-ceo-says?cmpid=socialflow-twitter-business&utm_content=business&utm_campaign=socialflow-organic&utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social …
http://bloom.bg/2jRLObK  so what's this about, Donnie?
You can buy Melania's jewelry on WH site. Nothing tacky here folks!
سيد الرئيس ترامب الحرب ما تذال في سورية ونطالبكم ونطالب العالم بتسليح الجيش الحر بنظام دفاعي مضاد لطيران الرجاء
@downtownusa1 TERMS PLURAL.  YES YES YES!
I'll have to see it to believe it!  need to see  tax returns to show us what deals you are involved in and with who!
And we're just supposed to believe this pathological liar. #Corruption
No new deals? U mean, All Deals 2B backdated!  "i saw that property already." #TrumpLies #Trumpbreathes
Trump will simply be keeping most payments. Only a small percentage of the revenue, if any, is “profit.” AFTER he deducts previous losses
why hide your taxes if their is nothing to hide.
Ugh, eloquent POTUS last night and you today.  You are an unmitigated disaster who will destroy us.  Hail Obama!
oh I believe that# not
Social Security and Medicare are not entitlements we paid in to those. It's our money. Expand them not get rid of them.
Don't you think you should have a plan to replace AHA before getting rid of it. Not very smart. No surprise there.
Can you spell CONFLICT OF INTEREST. FFS you really are clueless.

These bright young men? They've killed an animal. For fun. An animal our planet is honoured and fortunate to have. Insanity

nothing protects against corruption like nepotism.
Yeah right!
you just did a deal in Israel and Argentina. So... we don't believe you!
@PamelaRamseyTa2 unless @realDonaldTrump continues  lying. Hmmm yup he's still lying #DumpyTrump
why are you making an ass out of our county? I am a shame to an American.
Donald Trump doesn't have to give up the farm to be President. Obama gave up his job at the WH when he campaigned for HRC
don't trust Donald Trump and his daughter's I smell a rat good luck Donald..
Don't forget to send invitations to the Clinton's for any speeches and events :)
When will you close down your foundation?
is this still  holding? Can you ask him not to nuke race! please?
no one can believe a business person will not use the http://U.S.in  furthering his own bottom lines. Shame on you
Stop lying. Won't happen!
Sounds Great.
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE.. I have a long memory buster.
#blindtrust? For being a business man, your really bad at business.
Only new ones? When will you address all the people of America instead of tweeting to followers who praise you only?
anyone really buying that load of cap get a blind trust and avoid going to jail for fraud if not treason.
drop the s in terms, babe. Be happy if you last 1 year.
Works for me President-elect Trump!
Pathological liar!
It amazes me that the left can be so small minded .
Promise? Oh, yeah. Those don't matter to you...
.@realDonaldTrump You haven't gotten any better at lying, I see.
Oh so you have been busy making all those new deals in the last month.  Smart.. shitty.. but a smart shitty.
Just one... that is all you get.
@MrsVanessaTrump oh I don't believe that one.   No way Jose.
I don't think you're going to have to worry about it after this term.
oh yes it will happen. No trust in your presidency before it starts. You'll make money out of it.
Keep the business in the family! By family, of course, I mean semi-sentient bladders filled with pus and spitty napkins.
it's cute u think you'd be elected 4 a 2nd term. U had to steal this election with the help of Russia. #everyonehatesyou
Liar.

Terms Trump cracks me up there is not a chance he will be a two term president . I give him til July
anyone who buys that has got rocks in their brain 
he will be caught with his hands in the cookie jar
.
Very good @MBuhari Tell Babachir Lawal he can't give Contracts to his own company while in office #Notocorruption
total bullshit and not good enough. Sorry not sorry. Love, the 75% of America that didn't vote for you.
Take care of yourself. You're like the energizer political machine...PRAYING that GOD protects you...
well, it kind of looks like your children will be managing you!
What about Otto Warmbier?
R U nuts? CORRUPTION. CAN'T DO THAT,shd have read Emoluments clause, had better attys 1st. Impeachmt, criminal chgs soon :)

Uday and Qusay?
How interesting that you're choosing to focus on presidency, yet you refuse daily briefings and exec producing a show
Donny honey, only you call them deals. Everyone else calls them a conflict of interest.
just concentrate on cleaning dc out we got your back!
@bonnieblue719 finally Pres Trump will eject out the White House every bad & trash&traitors people.
that's why they tried to keep trump out! dc needs a good cleaning!
Disinfected throughout!
These good guys can handle,it!  They were
raised by the BEST!!!

We will mercilessly hold you to this statement.
? so you are not president but your children are?
You mean concerning your "precidency"?
Dishonest Donald. Where are tax returns you PROMISED the country Before the Election? How could u bankrupt a CASINO?
Hopefully 14 days in office before Impeachment.U heard of Conflicts of Interest? An Impeachable offence.Back to Chump Tower
Just call Vladimir Putin and hand him the keys to the White House. He knows what he's doing, will Purge your Koch cabinet

Conflicts of Interest, Impeachable offense on day one. Will Trump pardon himself?
Willful conflicts of interest. He has already brought himself into Impeachment territory.
I thought I was arrogant(s). Sometimes, you are just too funny. Tell me about immigration policy again.
Which ones are the big game killers? DISGUSTING
bullshit
You need to divest, not delegate, to avoid conflict of interest.

You are high class, you know that? A thank you tour? You ROCK!!!
oh please don't get cocky. You'll only have 1. Hopefully you'll get impeached b4 that one is finished.
.@realDonaldTrump We do not believe you.
lol you are the slimiest
leaving it with your kids?!? What if they actually end up PAYING the contractors?!?
oh, you mean like this? #FleecingOfAmerica #ImpeachHim #EmolumentsClause #Nepotism
Please help a 100% disabled Mom & vet. Need my boys to have secure careers. One with BA in homeland security. Desperate Vet
yes the brain trusts of the family
You just demanded foreigners sleep in your 30k a night hotel!
Bullshit.
You're a joke and your sons are scum of the earth trophy hunters. I only hope the prey turns. Make a deal, go to jail, jerk
You aren't giving up anything by having your kids run it. They can use your title for leverage big NO NO. Blind Trust, Sell or resign!
Buy a dictionary to learn bigger words. Your inner circle can't be involved while you are in office to avoid improprieties sell or resign
how very big of you.
Ya, right!
This is a worthless effort.  As long as the business is in your family you have a serious CONFLICT of INTEREST!

Because business folk hate bankruptcy addicts, Dollhands.
#LiarAndThief #LyingFraudster
Well except if you want to sign up to kill some animals with big brave Trump Boys! How are the #TaxReturns going? Ready yet
The worst and most corrupt president in our history...........trumpenfuehrer ! Resist Trump.Never Surrender to trumpheads.
No deals will be done....#LyingTrump #wannabet
??? I don't get it, someone explain.
hope all goes well Don!  Today I want to see your victory again!
#TrumpLiesMatter    NOT GOOD ENOUGH.  Blind Trust is all that is acceptable!
No new deals ?WTF !!  Maybe children be patriotic and open up U S FACTORIES to HIRE Americans and create JOBS, JOBS, JOBS
You SAY that, but Donnie we've ALL seen you SAY things that absolutely are NOT TRUE and NEVER WILL BE: like releasing taxes
will you stop texting me and asking me for money?!Your campaign is over!!!
you won , now RELEASE your TAXES
- Every mafia entity has its Don.
So wrong
Donald Trump: professional at making tweets that consist of 2 or more posts!
@MrsVanessaTrump LIAR. FRAUD. TRAITOR. EGOMANIAC.
sure.  You need to do SOMETHING to become as rich as Putin.  No worries...he will show you the way to wealth and power.
#Whatapathologicalliarsays
"terms" I just love an optimist.
