And America lost.
W So far - a Neo Nazi, a Goldman Saks guy and Petreas has to ok w/ his probation officer b4 he can take Sec of State. You lost.
Again,  you didn't win shit!  Trump won...you gullible fan girl!
IMO the country lost.  I didn't win. Who do you perceive me to be a fan of? And what did you win, exactly?
Well what about the black children dying of starvation and AIDS over seas, soontobe POTUS?!? 
maybe they shouldn't starve or have AIDS
well it's not there fault they were born in there country :/
is it our fault then?
No but there's some thing we can do to Fix it we have a lot of spare resources But now we have a racist
First he's not raceist. Second we don't have anything to spare. Check the debt clock.
well go look in ur pantry at the food u aren't going to eat. If we build mail boxes in
African communities then we can mail them the food we don't eat
election stealer
It's liberal nut jobs like yourself that won the election for Trump. Irrationality is a disease.
its the electoral college that gave trump the win, he lost the popular vote by 2.5M votes
Answer one simple question. What has Hillary accomplished in 30 years? Waiting....
do your research
That's exactly my point. I've yet to come across a liberal who can provide any accomplishments by Hillary.
.  
Hitler Promised that to Germany too. And we ended with a world war. See what the past can teach us? And now YOU are making that
mistake AGAIN because you want jobs.  god. And whe thought you would learn
- God bless
.@realDonaldTrump They could probably use some Play-Doh.
how about you send them some money.
sir world terrorist Indian PM plz arest imediately
I work 2 day a week it's all my body lets me I can't work anymore. I'm in a lot of pain. I try but it's getting harder.
log out
You seem familiar with the delete button.. Delete your account.
pretty sure Hillary Clinton was the deleter! Lol
hence why I made the joke!
well then apologies sounded a lot like the rest of the ppl going off for a min there
is cool, lol
Your sensitiveness for the well being of the people very well appreciated
sifet l3a9a galah stay safe
I think mother nature is trying to tell you something Trump...just saying.
You have never prayed a day in your life and if you did most have been to SATAN. KARMA IS A BITCH And YES ELECTION WAS RIGG
THEY CALL THAT TROPICAL DEPRESSION 9 IN FL OR TROPICAL DEPRESSION 2 IN UTAH.  LET OUR CONSCIOUS AND PSYCHIATRY FRAUD US!
We all lost
turn to the right a bit more. Don't pick corker
my daughter is an MP and we owe her thousands of dollars of back pay why can't we get them paid
give him time my friend. At least let him take office.
Why are people such tools to tweet negativity in these kind of threads.  GET A LIFE!
for real! I see some of the same people here everyday seconds after Trump tweets to give hate. #GetALife
most of them are fake accounts run by people just to tweet stupid shit
Still, its pathetic as hell. Waiting just to tweet hate, smh..
oh ya no totally agree
Theres one and he's so annoying.. He isn't even a good troll, lol.
the looped *libsblahblahblahhatewhineweepwimper* now 
is the line tho *blocked* we had a few decades too many !

Do you really think God intervened in the presidential election? I think he faces more pressing matters.
Yes I believe this is battle of good snd evil ad well as politically.  Clean out REAL swamp.
Did it start with Michael Flynn? They cleaned him right the fuck out.
Amen!
point to south-east on a compass
Office of FLOTUS is family friendly rated G. USA is not France. Don't blame wife. Which candidate damaged the institution?
!!! What is with all the exclamation points you use? !!!
My older daugher is in 3rd year of Medical school - wants to be Surgeon and will have over $700,000 in loans
thank you for caring about us!! You have a huge heart!! Thank you for Keeping it real President Trump!!!!
i realy think you should delete yours since you always troll Trump. . you must really like him 
hahaha very true
thanks dad
 Hillary won EVERY major economy in EVERY state, proving that the most under-educated ppl in this country chose our prez
but she still lost educated voters by 4%? Someone's not being genuine
That is absolutely the most ridiculous thing I've heard yet  Take your head out of your #fakes news bottom! 
I believe his head is actually shoved up my ass...right along with Putin and @mike_pence.
Release your tax returns.
he does not mention
platte county as it happened under the so-called
"trump plan" that is maintenance only after a disaster
ROFL at the silly trum-p-et
- who made you such an uhm err incredible psychologist ?

https://twitter.com/fjordwatch/status/804253556555612160 …
seems :) it's a genuine problem with
these  enraptured tear sacks that reality seems to WAAH hate them
yeah. I try anyway to avoid
judgement based upon agonal respiration as
it's much too common here on trumpets-only.

:)
It's all a hoax created by CHINA.... these storms aren't real
Keep moving Amer forward through the senseless noise from the haters. Real America completely supports you. #MAGA
No f'in way did you type this up. Doesn't even sound like you. Propaganda only.
if only we believed in global warming
thank you for saving those jobs at carrier!!
he didn't. He needs to release the details  and his taxes.
ok then, she needs to release the emails
yes lol, for endangering national security
as if you pray. "It is harder for a rich man to enter heaven,than a camel to pass through the eye of a needle."  in hell.
Good thing he isnt using our money. He is investing in American people. GOD bless poor and rich of America
keep those blinders on
Ah damn, the pity I feel for the states. Gotta say I'm happy to be British despite Brexit!

delete your Account
he's gonna be using @potus soon enough anyways
Hillary won the popular vote
Are you aware how the Electoral System works? Its to balance out popularity with majority of state votes.
It was actually to balance out slave and non-slave states
Then why do we still have it if slavery is abolished? The fact of the matter is majority vote of each state
and even though Hillary had popular vote she didnt have the majority of the electoral votes. x votes=1electoral

what are you going to do about Standing Rock North Dakota. It's obvious our current president isn't going to step in !
Who knows? Mabye Obama will build a golf course there
I doubt it . . if the Natives dont want a pipeline im sure they dont want 2 look out and see me lettin one fly on a par 5
stay safe and don't worry about CLIMATE CHANGE it's a Shinese thing. got that from wikileaks
. Why did SSD not get a cost of living increase.?? I only get 900 hundred. I can't live on that get back with me please.
Thank you for caring! God bless us. AMEN
Dear Sir: they will need more than thoughts and prayers.
What's your point troll.
Just making a comment, sir. No need to be combative.
He's not even active president yet. What do u expect him to do? Why not call out Obama?
The people might appreciate a personal visit from either gentleman. Actions instead of words.
But u didn't call out Obama, u called out Trump. All he did was tweet a condolence,  and u get on him for that
As you wish. Good day to you, sir.
do you have a view on the increasing climate change? Could it be the shift in north pole...and what's causing that?
look up bp earthwatch and he explains it very well but it takes time to comprehend
Are your prayers with the Native people of Standing Rock???  What are you going to do about the atrocities there???
"atrocities" 
Every day you reinforce my confidence that I made the right decision voting for you!
Even when he threatened to punish actions protected under the first amendment?
Which action?  the lying press or the burning of the American Flag?  Either way, absolutely!
Either one of those deplorable acts are a twisted translation of the First Amendment in my opinion.
So you want the Constitution to make it so things that offend you can't take place? Seems kind of tyrannical, no?
It's actually offensive to those who serve our country, and who have lost their lives for our country which the flag symbolizes.
And we can't ban things for being offensive. If that were the case, we'd have to ban words, and at that point, we're N. Korea.
That doesn't change the way I feel about desecrating the flag.  It's still my opinion, but thanks for yours!
8 Years
what about those affected by hate crimes caused by your evil words?
Shut up
eat a dick
You call out Trump with your trash mouth. Now go cash your welfare chk.
you're an idiot. I vibrate higher than you 
Ok QueenShit.
I'm 6'2'' 235 and I can bench press 300 lbs I hardly doubt you would say it to my face
So you're a 6'2", 235lb, 300 bench pressing woman. Wow, u sound so hot.
@democracynow @350 @andersoncooper @jaketapper How dare u pray for people who are impacted by #climatechange #hypocrite

WHAT !HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?CNN Anchor @AlisynCamerota Says American Women Should Wear The Islamic Hijab 2 Show ‘Solidarity’ With Muslims! 
I can't click the link b/c i #BlackOutCNN  but it seems inline with their anti-American stance
amen Mr. President.. we are here for you and willing to work.
copy, paste *insert natural disaster* and *insert location* - presidental job done for the day.
This almost-pres actually has a heart; because he hasn't been brainwashed.  (Charmers: some care; others deceive.)
flee to Russia and make America great, no is safe from you and your radical Christian VP.
"thoughts and prayers" code words for "you're not getting any real aid"
it takes more than thoughts & prayers...how about some of your billions?? #flyingmonkeysfromyourass #nothinginitforyou
The people are coming for you.
your thoughts and prayers u have no idea on either your nuts
#notmypresident 
Dump drumpf!
Mr Trump believe the scientist there is global warming Kentucky and coal burning States don't want to Hear that
God clearly is not happy with the South! http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/man-who-claimed-god-punishes-8661235 … #DopeyDonald #NotMyPresident #TotallyFuckingBatshitCrazy
why don't you visit them?
congress needs to stop obama before his BLM thugs give him a reason to declare Marshall law. Be care Mr president!!!
yesterday I said I dropped a tornado on my ex just to prove a point and that bitch will testify that I did it I don't play
I am Jesus Christ reincarnated
#Yes and Also to all the families affected by #EnergyTransferPartners #NODAPL #STANDINGwithStandingRock #WATERisLIFE
so not my President.
so many people here are still butthurt. Any available butthurt cream? Yo heal the burns?
.@realDonaldTrump I'd wish your thoughts & prayers would also be w/ those in #Syria facing death & injury every day!
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
@LawyerLadyNC YOU are unsafe
You don't pray - you're a joke who cares about nothing but himself.
Your Deplorables will prevail Mr President!!
a con man a egotist elitist rasict KKK card carrying member and a white nationalist . America is doomed.
That's not how you open a can of pickles.
ياعرص
Please do smthg about climate change.  It is here,  on the USA
My friends and I signed up to see @realDonaldTrump  speak at @usbank  tonight and we never got a text back. Already breaking promises?
_how wonderful to have a prayfull president again
a lot of us are rooting for you The Donald!!!!
Amen 
are you going to go and inspect the area and lend a hand? No? why am I not surprised.
My thoughts and prayers are with those who may have gotten herpes from your wife. #FirstHooker
u looking so handsome
.@realDonaldTrump I consider myself the best in the world writing speeches. I want to work on communication for the genius of Donald Trump.
Ty Mr President you are already making America proud :-)
Why don't you send some of your "billions" to help them Mr. Minority Loser? #RESIGN
Did you hear Anonymous message to you? You should listen ;)
put your money where your mouth is then and help them and those affected in Tennessee
https://protectourelections.nationbuilder.com/florida_recount 
Sorry about this tweet. It's obviously too late to stay safe AFTER the tornado. Evs.
this is how u governed...ur pathetic...get off twitter!
why can't you give sympathy to the people of Tennessee these citizens have been devistated u r so wrong
You have strength and compassion true compassion..I have not seen any in the longest time. ♡
go Donald you are only hope to fix this broken System

if you're so concerned, donate to a charity. You cant fix a problem with prayer.
such a wonderful man.  I pray God protects him, his family and staff so he will make this country great again.

Thanks Chief!  Great job with Carrier!
Patiently waiting for your buddy Pat Robertson to explain why this happened...
nicely done.I hate you but you're getting better at social media.everything else still sucks
You only think about yourself!  And Prayers?  LMAO  you don't even know wtf that it!
yeah butt brain.... did you notice the fire was preceded by a record drought.  Global warming.
Who are you trying to fool? You don't think or pray and you only care about yourself.
thank you Mr President! Thank you for taking time to show you care! It's been a long time Americans have had some respect
now you're concerned about your fellow humans? I don't think so.
who wrote that for you?
Never neglect the study of God's word, praying to our heavenly Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, I love you Sir
can you say climate change? Seriously, can you? Each of those words have more than five letters so I'm just wondering... 
They don't need thoughts and prayers, they need money and action. Do something, you narcissist
Feel free to follow in Dolly's shadow and donate a big chunk of your supposed millions to TN.
What about Smokie Mountain Wildfire victims? They don't matter.
@WERStanford  Love Trump
"saving" 1k jobs doesn't equal the lives destroyed w Fraud U, unpaid contractors, outsourced product u did for decades.
Amen to that!!
-wow DRUMPF, surprised you didn't tell the world tornadoes wouldn't happen when you're POTUS 
you should show the same COMPASSION for the Sioux  in the Dakotas
you pray
god is having karma moments
your "thank you" tour is really great but if we allow obama to continue his tirade in 50 days there will be nothing left

NEVERROMNEY #southpole #Tomi #thursday #Jacksonville #maga #anthem #ricketts #carrier #trumptrain #Alabama #hillary #pelosi
my thoughts and prayers are with all of America as we suffer under you and your deplorable cabinet. #BigotInChief
So so sad Great people going through so much...prayers
dad
Liar!

I am pointedly not mentioning climate change. @realDonaldTrump
thank you!  There has been so much sadness in our community.  I love Sevier County.
Wonder what Obama is doing...
hello
May God protect you in these prophetic moments.
THANK YOU! This is the kind of tweet we want from a president; not that petty, negative childish rants! @provinza1
amen mr president.
liar.
@MiketheSpike Oh no! Another offensive tweet from Donald Trump. How dare he wish well for people in need. Cold hearted.
2nd Chronicles 7:14!
there you go. This actually suits the office you are soon to hold. More of this and you won't seem like such a pariah.

yo this is a copy and paste of your last "thoughts and prayers" message. Real genuine.
how about the wildfires you knucklehead!
what about the people affected by U!! NFL X player is dead because of your hate! The guy who shot WAS a nice guy till u!!!!
. Will you hand out Play-Doh again?
@Stonewall_77 You are such a blessing President Trump Elect ♡ We love you and thank youThank you for
thoughts and prayers? How about a donation.
Stop Al Gore, and the weather will go back to normal "Chemical trails are ALUMINUM DIOXIDE (LOOK VIET NAM)
I knew that YOU'D say something about it,so here it is=YOU might break a record for the most disasters during a 4 year term
John 9:31 God don't hear sinners prayers
they have our prayers and help
They need resources. You can't exactly spend "thoughts and prayers"
GLOBL WARMING CLIMATE CHANGE
Prayers go out to all people affected by the storms and fires of the United States.

do yo realize that well over 2 million voters preferred Hillary to you? Ass wipe?
Dolly Parton is sending $1000/month to these people. You are sending wishes and happy vibes. Loser! http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/12/01/us/dolly-parton-tennessee-fires.html?smid=fb-nytimes&smtyp=cur&referer=http://m.facebook.com …
