congratulations,i wish uganda would emulate such political processes
congratulations #PresidentElectTrump & thank u for  fighting so hard for us, for being our voice  God Bless America
Your diehard supporters need entry level jobs to offset their lack of education. Hope you can deliver that promise.


Stay off the Golf Course he can do his Job. With Rapist Self...
Quick change the locks on the White House! Maybe he won't be able to get in!
yes we truly love you sir
Thank You President Trump for bringing me hope for the American dream. May God be with you always as you govern! 
THANK YOU AND YOUR BEAUTIFUL FAMILY.
except for LGBT, POC, immigrants, women...  Your hatred will cost us dearly.
Hello Corgi Mom. Alabama’s not so bad! Honestly I don’t believe he hates LGBT or immigrants. He nominated an openly gay man as ambassador to Germany (finally confirmed!). He loves immigrants bc they are US citizens. Immigrants are those who apply & are approved for citizenship.
I respectfully disagree. Trump has removed directives on LGBTQ healthcare, as well as those for disabilities and women. He has attacked transpersons in the military.  His policies are dangerous for minorities.
so Happy you're the new President!! Good luck to you!
is this code? Weird stuff.
The Forgotten Man is a reference FDR created; "The man at the bottom of the economic pyramid." Trump must have writers now.
ahh!
The Watchman cannot b man appointed but only God. Who can watch if they cannot see. 1 can watch if the Divine is revealing!
please don't forget to put Hillary in prison and free the Hammonds,  Bundy's and Joe Robertson.  Stop US BLM land grabs.
so how do you plan on reigniting unity in this country? Or will we just actually stay forgotten
Congratulations Pres. Trump. I'm praying that you follow through with your promises, and that they actually let you do so.
let's hope that you're able to get both Republican and Democratic members to work together to improve our great country.
I hope the first thing you tackle is the disrespect people have for our flag.... no more disrespecting the American Flag!
... thank you, President-elect Trump ...
yes, thank you for running and now our president. Please make America great again and give Americans jobs
hahaha Congrats Mr.President!!! brazil supports you!!!
First Musk took on the big businesses and won and now Trump took on the the pol. elite and won, there is hope after all.
just sit in your office and don't do shit, America is already great, you're gonna make it worst.
مبروك المنصب 
on live TV, can you please bury that bitch in the air for the birds? @HillaryClinton at least put her in prison!
"Jasnah had once defined a fool as a person who ignored information because it disagreed with desired results."
-sanderson
Republicanism, the ideology in support of republics or against monarchy; the opposite of monarchism
https://youtu.be/UZkrVSB4uAw 

Sent from my iPhone
#thegreatawakening
Together We are strong!
#qanon
You do know he's talking about you
Letting @realDonaldTrump know he is #notmypresident and never will represent me or the majority of Americans. #trumpprotest
You're #Outnumbered
I just have to wonder about these folk. Do you not know the truth or do you just intentionally ignore it so you never have to feel guilty?
I CAN'T UNDERSTAND HOW PEOPLE VOTED YOU, LITERALLY I DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY HAVE IN THEIR FUCKING HEAD
as a Hispanic independent who supported you from the primaries through tonight.  I hope you will encourage innovation.
@MikePenceVP @KellyannePolls A racist, a liar, a bigot was elected for President.  A sad, sad day for the United States.
I hope you get impeached 
@JEstevezWFTV Trump has won. So to his supporters, why are you still bashing your fellow Americans? Have you no respect?
because that's what they are all about. This gave them PERMISSION to say it all out loud.
PLEASE UNITE THIS COUNTRY!Make it clear to the people you will do that! And pls do not touch gay rights! @KellyannePolls
please touch gay rights one man one woman one life thats what the bible says
The Bible also says not to eat cheeseburgers, but I don't see you trying to outlaw every McDonald's and Burger King out there.
wow someone needs to read their bible because it does not say that
The bible doesn't say anything about gay people, unless you put your own meaning into it. Same with cheeseburgers. 
it does meantion homosexuality and that it is wrong why do you think God destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah
also 'wrong' doesn't mean shouldn't get married/should be condemned/ruin this person.
plus if your God is so perfect, idk why he'd be making a shit ton of gay people
Love my President!#MAGA #KAG2020
The only modern day president to truly puts Americans first.
I am grateful.
@EricWilliamsYO lies, let the divide begin. And no I'm not on assistance. Can't respect women, do you like your moms 
I know it doesn't effect you my lady. I truly don't care if ppl receive aid or not. But her campaign made it a man vs woman thing
I agree with you. I'm disappointed but I love you @EricWilliamsYO  Honestly, no one was favored. Lesser of the evils!!
I love u too. We good. This is over let's maximize on the opportunity. I believe a non career politician will give blacks a shot
now we have to wait & see. I can get some good jokes for stage. Have to let this work for me  I want him to prove me wrong
Please look at my posts. I am sorry but I had the flu and then they suctioned me and aspirated me and they sent me to another hospital and they said if I stayed there o
I only had a 10% chance of living so the Helocopter came and got me and took me to Williams hospital and there they cleaned my lungs  two times. I want to thank God for giving me a blessing and for another chance in living. Much love, and prayers
Drain The Swamp Mr President
drain the swamps on both sides GOP and DNC
he will. The GOP was not on his side because they know $ flow party is over 
Exactly, both sides need to be drained.

The only President that matters.
TRMP
HOW WERE THEY FORGOTTEN????
You will be the first president in US history to be booed off the stage at your own inauguration. I'll make sure I'm there to participate.
your comment disappoints me. Being upset about the results is one thing but we all should respect the office
We are 2 respect the MAN in the office. 4which for this monster I have NONE. "Respect the office" is a made up term. Def not constitutional.
What has he done so far that makes him a monster?
http://www.google.com  

Also read...I don't know anything?
I want to read your reply regarding what makes him a monster.
#1 MEXICANS ARE RAPISTS. Hows that dummy?
Didn't say that bollock breath, its a misquote.
Many of us have lost FAMILY AND FRIENDS for believing in you @realDonaldTrump.  We are being ridiculed and attracted as conspiracy theorists.  We are being told we are crazy.  

I look forward to the day that we will be proven to have been right.  

Thank you for your devotion
Really , I hope so for my granddaughter nieces and nephews , they deserve a better AMERICA  then what we let it become , LET'S GO  

#AMERICAISGREAT

Thank you!
#MAGA. #TrumpTrain2020
Thank you 
So proud of our President! 
Thank you Mr. President. #Qanon
Simper fi mr President simper fi
Where we go one, we go all!
Mr. President be aware of just how much federal agencies are using remote technologies to force shooters to kill.  Why do you think they want you out. Their perverse secret is no longer a secret and I will do my best to put these magits in jail forever.
This will be in history books one day! or history devices 
Study hard and be happy great great grand kids
I am a disabled woman due to a car wreck. Please get rid of income taxes. I have 7 kids and grandkids living with me.
Mr. trump you have done more than any other man in office in a few months then what the others have done their hole term 
@realDonaldTrump
You folks no agenda for progress. Progressive Liberal is an oxymoron. Plus you are all crude and no class.

@realDonaldTrump
 Just look at these sad little people.  Poor things.
You need to address this:

mr president, i like that sound, please keep kelly ann as close as possible, shes the real deal
Yeah most likely to get you out of office.
@Tsweezy93 oh that's good sounds great weekend will see hopefully you're right
aha you are a hater and baiter and you should have been a waiter.
What a sick joke you are.
Will y'all be bringing guns?
Amen!
God bless you mr. Trump with whatever decision you make but hopefully it's the right decision God bless God's in control
whobare the forgotten, your KKK buddies.
@IvankaTrump Be free of all the negativity and make America great again! I'm placing all my bets on you!

Thank you
please free manning and Julian assange and Snowdon.do not allow obamuer to take this benefit and glory of doing so.
@IvankaTrump Represent all Americans Dem supporters will support you if you represent them in cabinet, protect minorities!
- Looks like u already forgot the terrorized kids and Muslim citizens being attacked across the #USA #failure
Excellency President your latest statements  assure us that USA is in safe hands, enforce USA Constitution
Congratulations!!! Definitely important that we all come together as Americans .
Mr. President
Yeah Right . Believe it when I see it!
Not with you as President
Kind of like we came together under obama right? @realDonaldTrump #dontcountonit
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
@PTCTORY best wishes from England. I knew you would win.
born and raised in the Philippines. Proud American. Proud supporter of President Trump.

we love you
.    We believe and are empowered once again.  God bless you President Trump!
Oh, I see. You mean the WHITE man and woman. Everybody else is screwed.
what a bunch of bullshit trump
HATE WILL NOT MAKE AMERICA GREAT!!

Right.  Except for those you do not like...
you are a man who likes to succeed. God speed Mr. President.
hongera man of God
America is done.
Fantastic President Elect
You go man rock this world!
unfortunately sir I will have to say if you do not reach out to a large group which you alienated that might notbe possible
And alllll the people who are too poor to afford a decent meal.  What's going to happen to all of them Trumpie?
It was an unforgetable night and very exciting. We were all so happy/
BS
@m_kruegggs hi

Sara Palin what a great Choice keep up the good work. You will fill your cabinet with some of the best Americans.
@jjmikemike thx for your positive vision
@realDonaldTrump
It's all bollocks isn't it?
When you say that we ALL will come together. What exactly do you mean by all? Cause I think you mean them YOU like
When you gonna invite me to the Whitehouse ?
#NotMyPresident
Oh Really?
THANK YOU MR.TRUMP 4 HELPING DO GOD'S WORK.GOD IS USING YOU N MIKE PENCE LIKE MOSES N AARON.U R MY PRESIDENT.
Why would you care about the "forgotten" when you have clearly demonstrated that you can't see past your inflated ego?
Hire better lawyers. Perhaps you may fare better with counsel that doesn't practice solely in bankruptcy or harassment law.
don't bite to soro riots.  get sleep, potus ,/hrc should handle.  .God bless
you are full of
I don't want to be within 100 miles of you or anyone like you. Zero integrity. Nothing but lies & 13 year old mentality
Sorry for the missspel
It is Vdtacademy@aol.com
Please don't consider Bob Corker for any of your positions. He is NOT a Conservative, I live in TN, check his voting record
I predicted your Victory in USA elections,
Congratulations to you President Donald Trump
hitler de mierda, te odio a ti y a todos los republicanos de cagada
congratulation for win the powerful country I hope you will be strong every thing
you are the best congrats! 
Thank you President Trump!
since when you you care for common person, you grab women's vaginas stiff men their pa, #notmypresident
We are SO grateful 2u&ur team-I want 2 balance out the ignorant violent rioters&let them know they r being played as fools.
please for us citizen's, do not turn your back on your  campaign promise's, they are your strength
Since 8 years  ago, I knew some day our country would be this fortunate to have Mr. Trump 4 POTUS!
hopefully you can gether all USA nation with the different groups and individuals to get better economical system
Oh yeah we're all coming together ass@#$%.

I hope you're the forgotten man, and soon. You're a pimple on the face of democracy.
helpus in venezuela Dictatorship Maduro SoS
a lot of meds deplete vitamins. Ppl should be able to have healthcare pay for homeopathic and vitamins instead of drugs.
As he strips away their healthcare-defunds school lunches & meals on wheels-& lies that coal will suddenly become a commodity again WAKE UP
Very proud of you Mr. PRESIDENT! #MAGA
you wel distorted America USA
congratulations Mr. President-Elect!
oh God you talk bollocks
We are asking for your help President Trump please!!!!!!!!  Look into these big problem with ADA abuse
@DirtyDaisy_xo 
Yes!!
He might be hated Phill. But he is loved more. We love you Donald
they'll all be forgotten because they don't have $$$$$$to give to Lord President Cum Dumpster.
Never forgotten...

Squashed!!!

DT'Rump: "That's Called Business!!!"
Did this same sort of "logic" apply...at any time...during any part of your relations with...
Jeffery Epstein, the convicted pedophile?
What about relation(ship)?!?! 

As in multiple contexts...
In the first broadcast of Trump TV (Thank you Zucker, if credit is really worthy?!?!).

Boris Epshteyn?
Was the name really (" ") an in-your-face sort-of Ivy UMich Mash of Epstein?!

As FInkter Says What?! (Meyers/Campbell)
Maybe Boris was in magneto...

I mean (semi) -cognito like me?!?!
Hey liar! Here's to you!
. I am happy about your victory.
YES! YOU WILL ALL COME TOGETHER AS NEVER BEFORE!
thank GOD you are president elect. Please make this country great again. This country has  lost its way.

does this include the forgotten man and woman of the True American Indian Nation who really truly are the American Patriot
You are definitely not helping with the sort of tweets above. You are proving your pettiness and thin skin.
What the fuck does a president do?
All of us on The Forgotten Street have been crying out for this kind of leadership.  God bless Donald Trump.
Thank you President Trump! America can be whole again with your strength and wisdom.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. (FROM SAN ANTONIO, TX) latinoswithTrump. !!!!
You're of course referring to white people because you're not including anyone who isn't.
AMEN GREAT WORLD WANTS YOU ,DONT DOUBT YOURSELF FOR A MINUTE YOU CAN CHANGE THINGS AS YOU GO
I am so glad you won
they may not be forgotten but they will be poorer because of you 
#اعزم_البشير_شو
must audit CA IL FL votes to erase false Hill lead by dead and illegal voters or they will eat you alive for entire term

You're not off to a very good start.
are these the same forgotten people you lied to and used "campaign talk" to just to get elected.
Mr. President Elect.  I have no doubt you will make America Great Again.  Congrats on your victory.
so untrue. U have divided this nation beyond repair
I know you have to wait until Oboma is out of the white house so he cant pardon her. Once he's gone show her no mercy
