
The #MayorEdLee WHo HIRED Director of Hope SF Theodore Miller who study about Black Urban Community CREATED CRIME Here.
@DTrumpIsPOTUS Great idea...he will be great! I believe he is a caring and very intelligent man. Praying for you both.
Proverb Europa / Nicholas Keks Psychotherapy
not sure about Ben, smart enough, just dont need any high rises built again.
Please do not appoint Mitt Romney to Secretary of State because it would be a slap in the faces of all your voters.
Snail / Nicholas Keks
Good choice!! How do we get pd for a hud project in Ft Collins?? Corrupt GC . Greed! So wrong when we are trying to take care of our fam
What is HUD? Humans Using Darkness? Heterosexuals Under Dick?
It's the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Just make a little research.
Just make a little joke.
Just make a little joke out of your little joke. ;)
MrPresident, when the government has a shut down because the Elected Officials can not come to an agreement, hit them where it hurts, their pockets. They should loose their pay not the employee who is pay check to pay check
But what makes him a candidate for HUD?
Why Ben Carson dont have a Twitter?He needs to come down to Bayview community in San Francisco.They CREATING CRIME for FUND
he is a very impressive person
he's another moron that doesn't even remember his campaign. More brain dead people on your team. #kakistocracy
why not Surgeons General
Ben Carson is a wonderful pick! Outstanding man!!
Maybe you should be seriously considering a lawyer https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-foundation-apparently-admits-to-violating-ban-on-self-dealing-new-filing-to-irs-shows/2016/11/22/893f6508-b0a9-11e6-8616-52b15787add0_story.html?hpid=hp_hp-top-table-main_trumpfoundation-945a%3Ahomepage%2Fstory …
Surgeon General
Hire Frank Underwood!
@RealBenCarson will serve our country well in any position we all love him thank you #MAGA 
I agree
He would be a great choice. Just make sure his directive includes Cleaning up Waste and fraud.
He will be a great pick. Dr. Carson is very smart and amazing guy. Love Dr. Carson..
You're an absolute fucking moron.
Mr. @realDonaldTrump, didn't @RealBenCarson say he wasn't Interested in a Posting? But, I think he'd be Great as Secretary of HHS.
What does he know about Real Estate?
What's your greater obsession -- the @nytimes or Ivanka? @realDonaldTrump
seems to me you are obsessed with Trump
please hurry with health care I don't have munch time need meds
BLAH!!!
He doesn't wanna work with a racist Cabinet, how much are you gonna pay him #nobodylikestrump
WE LOVE YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP!
Ben Carson is perfect to head up HUD. #Trump  can depend on Carson & he has the moral clarity to shine light on Corruption
A to the men! You are so so so right! It must be stopped!
We love Ben Carson, Pres. Trump please keep your word & Prosecute Clinton, CANNOT have 2 different laws standards in US.
I LOVE Dr. Ben but he is a 'doctor' & doesn't, as far as I know have a background in "HOUSING & URBAN Dev" Get a Contractor
Great choice I wish Dr Carson well!
I believe you should select @RealBenCarson as the head of HUD. I know a lot of people who supported. He is intelligent.
excellent choice Uncle Donald!!!  He'll definitely help #MakingAmericaGreatAgain!! #MAGA #TrumpTransition #TrumpIsComing
I belive Dr Carson is the right man for the job.
What does a Neurosurgeon know about housing, having never been in government before.
love it!
surgeon general would be appropriate as well
Oh good! Will he be building pyramids for grain storage in the heartland?
How willing is he to get on board?
He said he wouldn't take a cabinet position. #notqualified   And now #TrumpFoundation.  Ffs
Ben Carson is very talented and puts 200% behind whatever he does.
@PatriotByGod 
Love Dr. Carson!!!
YES!!!!! He and Rudy need great positions
but he has no experience!
no experience at what? He has plenty of experience! He was a world renowned neurosurgeon.
ur missing my whole pt. Obama had zero experience at running anything & yet he was voted POTUS
Obama did know how the ins and outs of a federal agency ran. Carson and trump need training wheels about basics. Gov is not a biz
who says a business person can't do do a better job than a politician?
businessman and politician don't go together with trump sorry to break it to you his doesn't know what his doing
says u! U have no idea what kind of president he will b. But keep being neg bc that helps
The first pick of yours I'd actually say isn't that bad.
I respect Carson a lot; he's gotten a lot of unfair criticism, but he'd be better at HHS.
Courtney I think HUD would be good. He would be able to get in cities and clean them out
I actually think he could clean them fairly and in the proper manner, too.
As a peacemaker and love of people I think he could restore the inner city.
I'm not saying he wouldn't be good at that but I don't think it's the best use of his talents!
We need a strong HHS Sec. to develop an Obamacare replacement that will work for everyone!
I think Carson could shine and excel at that!
what is the HUD?
Carson doesn't want a reward. Obviously you do not know him. HUD is a good place for Carson.
OK but it's not exactly Secretary of State.
He wouldn't take that and that's not where he is needed.
Exactly Janis!!! He's not needed anywhere. no experience!
How about you give him a chance. I bet you didn't care what was done in that job for 8 years.
Like Trump I will give him a chance and wish him the best.
not gays though I beleve, sir
how will you know when he is telling you the truth?
Ben Carson is "low energy" and a "not so good doctoe".  Oh wait, thats what YOU said about him.
. Carson has an amazing huge heart saw, u and him at vegas at our ICLV church with paster paul. I hope Ben carson excepts.
Sooooo no "lock her up"? @jasoninthehouse not gonna be happy.  Another Trump lie.
If he's seen to be 'witch hunting' her. Obama will pardon her. Give him time ...
Trump's been witch hunting her all thru campaign. No difference
.@realDonaldTrump Hey...how about that Trump Foundation Double dealing thing?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-foundation-apparently-admits-to-violating-ban-on-self-dealing-new-filing-to-irs-shows/2016/11/22/893f6508-b0a9-11e6-8616-52b15787add0_story.html?postshare=861479831453956&tid=ss_tw … Your own documents
Hey how about Clintons and Pay 2 Play.
no proof ever of Pay to play. Hillary should not be used as defense for DT. She's out of it.
She is not used as DT defense and Pay 2 play evidence is certainly there.
show me pls. Yes, on the pay but no play ever found. Watchdog gave A rating.87% to charities.
6% went to charities.....they took pay for self. And Haiti ripped of of billions by clintons
And, explain the Haiti remark. How? (def a lie)
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=dyx7WBjywbU …
I wish you would consider taking a long walk off a short pier.

I hope you realize that whining about elections that don't go their way is a trait of conservatives and liberals alike.
If you're considering someone who admits he's unqualified for public office, you're even more dangerously delusional @realDonaldTrump
gets us.  We keep getting the same institutional hacks that continue to destroy the our liberty & cause more debt
Carson was/is(?) a surgeon, second to none. What's with Ben now? He seems out of it or sumptn! 
Signed: UrTwittrTFocusGroup
Not a good idea.
PLEASE let Ted CRUZ AND Jeanine Pirro
FOR Supreme Court Judge both of them 
are great for the position, Thank You
We love and trust Judge Jeanine!!!
YesBen would be Great  choice for Hud Please do not consider Mitt Romney for SOS He is not loyal and the people dislike him
Housing and Urban Development? You love appointing people who have no experience in the field. This is a mess.
your truly not fit to be President if you pick someone as unqualified as Mr. Carson. #unfitForPresident
seriously?
You're a con man and a fraud. A person who does not release their tax returns should never govern our country.

Do it 
HUD? The logical place 4 Dr. Carson would b Health & Human Services. 'Bet u  think "URBAN" in HUD requires a black person.
why did you first think he would be qualified as surgeon general but now think he's better for urban development?
limit time in Public Housing!
U told us that he's "pathological", he went after his mother with a hammer, so why him? No cure 4 this. We r 2 believe u 
why not Sarah Palin? Ask Steve Bannon about her! NoPalin in your admin is a slap to We The People! Call her 4 a post.
well hell, if he loves people then he must be fully qualified to run HUD, since that's all it takes, I guess?
Agreed! We need a surgeon to perform surgery on the broken system. #CarsonRocks
Dr. Ben Carson good choice.
this is the guy who... oh nevermind. He would fit right in. 
Go for it.
Cabinet positions are not political favors. They are serious appointments. Send Carson a gift card not an important job.
https://thinkprogress.org/electoral-college-trump-top-lawyers-8a8b6e0ca916#.q46jkwyvh …
giving the token "black" HUD???? really??? you are a joke to the american people!
Ben Carson has zero experience with housing or urban planning. Matches your zero experience with government
I thought he was up for Health& human services since he knows that field more so than hud, what about @newtgingrich 4S of S
I just want to say congratulations and welcome Mr. President.  Merry Christmas to you and your family. God bless.
Jill Stein would be better.
He's way crazier than you are, and that is saying something.
Dr. Ben Carson would be an excellent choice.  Hope he accepts.
called Ben Carson pathologically damaged. Now he's good enough for head of HUD?  Carson is correct, he's not qualified.
... over urban development? How cliche. He's supposed to be a doctor right? 
@IngrahamAngle Laura Ingraham for press secretary
he is a good and very smart man with a thoughtfulness that comes with the understanding true wisdom gives
He's an idiot who may know brain surgery yet knows nothing of how the brain and human emotion works, let alone what HUD is
Rand Paul Secretary of State Ron Paul Director of the Fed.
#StandWithRand
HUD is one of the Departments you should be CLOSING. Not appointing a halfwit to run it and make it worse.
is greatly like bigly?
and he's black so qualifies for that URBAN gig.
u mean after you offered him a seat on cabinet for dropping out?
@RealBenCarson  You both R TRUE BLESSINGS 2 OUR COUNTRY  "Thankful" 
Ben Carson has a story of overcoming his demons to achieve goals. Unfortunately, none of that qualifies him to lead HUD.
You lie again. You called him a psychotic. You need help old man. Get to a psychiatrist ASAP.
Dr Carson is a great choice
@6bird4 He would be a great pick as would Giuliani  for Secretary of State.
you were not meant to be President. But for the love of God & prayers from your followers God granted our prayers.
@IngrahamAngle 

SO MANY QUALITY MOVEMENT APPROVED. ROMNEY JOLLY JEB LIN KASICH NEED GOP VOTING RIGHTS HANDED BACK. GROSS
Not that anyone of them voted for President Mr Trump.
hopefully he performs your lobotomy or at least puts meds in your coffee.
I think a  man like Ben Carson will improve black lives reduce poverty and lead blacks out of the ghetto.
A sociopath nominating another totally unqualified, inarticulate fool. #NotMyPresident #ElectoralCollege for Hillary!
Place placement was an epic screw up. New trending topic Trump cabinet a mess. Optics matter. I give up. I can't with him.
you can't be serious
Carson is a neurosurgeon! What the fuck is he gonna be doing in HUD? Reviewing section 8 applicants? The fuck..
PLEASE - NEVER ROMNEY!!!
Great choice!
@RealBenCarson should be sec. of health & human services #HHS #CMS
His health plan is the answer
ugh he is not fit to be a part of our government. Please start taking your job seriously and stop pandering to parties.
isn't that sweet after you said he had some pathological disease. Lol did Obamacare straighten him out enough
Three individuals with the wisdom & political moxie vital to the process of making AMerica great Gingrich Buchanan Caddell
Do not forget Gingrich Buchanan Caddell - not only brilliant political minds - they are old school patriotic throwbacks
Leadership 101. Surround yourself with good people. Dr. BEN would be one of those people.
are you stupid or what?
pay to play right trump?
http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/25/politics/secret-service-trump-tower/index.html …
the same guy who, a week ago, said he wasn't qualified to run an agency? That Dr. Ben Carson? His experience is what again?
is proving America's A team, B team. & C team won't work for him by deserately trryin to fill posts with those that will
Sir pl fix H1B and L1 Visa Program by imposing minimum salary requirements ($100K) & put our US techies back to work
@IngrahamAngle Doc C is a class act and if anyone can male a difference he will get it done!  #AnotherGoodChoice
good choice

The fact that he knows NOTHING about housing or urban development is beside the point, right?
YUGELY
Ben Carson has no experience.
he doesn't even understand science. You just desire a token black man to blend in with all the white supremacists.
Look, do NOT put Romney in as SOS. Once a backstabber, always a backstabber. You're a fool if you do this.
I think we've greatly overestimated the intelligence of Brain Surgeons in Carson's case.
Hillary 4prison
I'm 110% behind @RealBenCarson! He's the REAL DEAL for everyone!
yes! Ben Carson was amazing at #reviveus2016
Um he just said last week he wasn't qualified (like you) to take a job in the cabinet. Lame.
what experience does he have for that job?  Please explain
do you know a great talented person who loves animals? SPEAKOUT FOR HEALTHCARE FOR ANIMALS END THE MASS CRUELTY  NOW PLS
with no experience in that field
SO send the black man to to head up the ghetto?
Who is Trump appointing? A brand new swamp of rich elite cronies, Wall Street insiders, lobbyists. https://youtu.be/FB14HbLmKf8 
just don't make him the Designated Survivor
He seems a little soft w/ people and may be easily manipulated by the sharks in that dept. Hope he picks a good assistant!
how about considering Dr. Carson for SURGEON GENERAL????
@IngrahamAngle Ben Carson said he doesn't have experience to run a government agency, I don't get it???
Girl, please.  Just don't.
@_ngareh  well yeah I guess the Brother will do!!!
fuck ben carson
@IngrahamAngle  GREAT CHOICE!!! :)
@IngrahamAngle how about we rid ourselves of HUD, DOE, EPA, IRS, DHS and everything else that is bloated and wasteful.
Agree!
I am Muslim  and a British citizen. Am I ok to visit US ?
.@realDonaldTrump total support. Dr. Carson will rally impoverished areas and change communities!
Mr. Carson will do mighty good things !
The guy who doesn't believe in dinosaurs ? Is that a good idea?
Okay, Neurosurgeon running HUD? Perhaps some1 with experience in housing and urban development would be wiser.
That's a different tune that during your campaign.  Do you love Isis and Hillary now too?  Basically on the same level here
@RealBenCarson perfect 4 this role! He would be great 4 any role in administration.
Love Ben Carson get him involved big league
of course.  It's the Typical token Republican position for a Black guy..  this isn't new.  It's expected.
cronies are best when they don't know anything about their position.
how about Ben Carson as surgeon general

good choice
he's an idiot who thinks the pyramids were used for grain storage
and he loves the lord
He has zero experience for the job. You also accused him of being pathological. You don't mean much of what you say, do ya?
OMG I figured out what you're doing. You're making a circus with at these clowns. Awesome
What about surgeon general?
@IngrahamAngle GOOD PICK....FIND A POSITION FOR DENNIS MICHEAL LYNCH....AND RUDY....DML WAS FIRED TAKING UR SLACK..LOYAL
Yes I think he is a great person.  What about putting him in charge of inner city redevelopment.
love Ben but don't trust Romney
@IngrahamAngle A man of with impeccable integrity.
I'm sure he's the most qualified individual for that position.
consider all you want you are doomed to fail BIGLY.
: We all loved Dr. Ben and know you love your buddy also & want him close to you!
It is a widely approved decision.  Why not something closer to medicine?  Surgeon General?
as an Executive Director of a public housing agency in West Virginia, I'd like to know what his and your vision is for HUD
ROMNEY IS A SWAMP SLUG! DON"T LET THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DOWN PRESIDENT TEUMP!
I agree
