that show should be cancelled- its humor is old
you're wrong, it's hilarious! I'm pretty sure being impersonated on Saturday Night Live is in the POTUS job description.
your skin is way too thin for a president, it's a comedy show!  They make fun of everyone, that's how comedy works.
2.4 of every 10 Americans didn't think this was funny. As for the rest of us, lol
so this is what you find an important use of your time? Stop watching SNL and start focusing on real issues.  #clown
the truth in your own words! #NotMyPresident
Words he never spoke.
SNL could only find Alec Baldwin, an actor that abused his 11 year old daughter calling her an "ignorant pig" to play @realDonaldTrump
it is sad because he nails you and that's the joke you are to the millions of us that didn't vote for you
Well there's stupid and then there's ROFLMAO stupid. Score one for the Pervert and Chief!
u are the worst president ever. Sad!
you must REALLY lik that show, considering how much you watch it!
Whoa, no "sad!"? Baldwin's really hitting you hard. If only there were briefings you could go to instead of watching SNL
@AlecBaldwin Grow up you pu**y. You said you could run the world. Act like it for f**ck sake..#trumpisamanchild
your a comedic hat trick- goofy looking, narcissistic poor sport- you make it easy for #snl
We are tired of your tweeting!!
Put down the remote and pick up the country. Thats your job now #ToddlerElect
let it go - now you are president, it's ok  learn to take it - you are #1 fuck we all
If you're complaining about it, it must be hilarious. Gonna watch it today!
Triggered... this shows SNL was spot on.
@HillaryClinton was right. We can't trust man can bait with tweet with nuclear weapons.That's why she won pop vote, not u!
give it up
.@realDonaldTrump this is how sharp, emotionally intelligent, acutely aware people of the world see you. .@AlecBaldwin carry on!
They are so rude and ugly. It USED to be funny. Hateful people.
if it’s rude & ugly, then Trump is rude & ugly because they’re using his material. The exact things that he does.
Can you please grow up? You're the PRESIDENT-ELECT, for the love of God. You should have bigger things on your mind.
if it is so UNWATCHABLE then why do u keep trying to watch it WEEK after WEEK? @AlecBaldwin is HILARIOUS!! Let's be honest
If you want to be the most important person on Earth you must allow jesting. It is a compliment. They don't do cab drivers!
alec is such a pathetic individual- he desperately needs JESUS
Who cares? The "Elite" are so upset that their "Girl" didn't win they will never treat you properly - thanks for #carrier
I hated it President Trump!!!!
The problem is he makes you look good.  You are a joke and the world knows it.
And yet, you watch it ALL THE TIME. LOL.
hahahahahahahaha
Hey genius, there is a thing called a remote and guess what? You can change the station.
I see @realDonaldTrump removed @DanielleMuscato's thread from the replies. He's done this to my tweets a # of times.
Jesus fucking Christ, @realDonaldTrump. You are the president-elect. Pick your fucking battles, man. You're embarrassing yourself.
liberals you need to get over yourselves and accept Trump is unconventional and unpredictable
yes. Unpredictable
or maybe predictable in rallying hate
Rallying hate or enforcing the constitutional laws of the US to keep its citizens safe?
history has always been on our side @usairforce #equality #justice
No not on the US side look at Vietnam look at Iraq. your leftist  view is very distorted
President Elect Snowflake Baby Hands: rattled by a impression. Man, you are going to HATE the next four years.
As far as @realDonaldTrump hating "the next 4 years"
Not gonna happen
I'm certain u r projecting your own personal dread
If this is how he reacts to some gentle ribbing from SNL, when he is under some actual scrutiny... it's gonna be messy.
I see it for what it is.
Celebs tripping over themselves to tell  how much they hate #Trump in the form of rushed comedy
As far a @AlecBaldwin is concerned, his pleas of comic satire ended when he asked for @realDonaldTrump's Tax Returns
MIrite?
I call bull shit when I see it.
You ignore it to keep your views alive
Anyway I gotta go to bed but it's been interesting chatting and nice to do so without it decsending into a fight! Peace.
Too bad you can't denounce the KKK and Neo-Nazis who support you with the same vehemence you manage to muster up for SNL.
The KKK endorsed Hillary this year. Here's their grand dragon. https://youtu.be/Of5zBXQwYtU 
Pretty gullible, aren't you?
The democrats switched tactics, low expectations & gov dependence worked better than chains and whips.
Yeah, and southern men still sound like assholes when they talk, but LBJ's actions speak for themselves.
I agree his actions and unfortunately, his success at subjugating the black community speaks volumes.
The process toward equality for all has been long & grueling. We'll still fight conservatism to achieve it.
Libertarians and conservatives are for real equality. Libs like you want a victim pool and power.
The hell with Baldwin and his like.  Do your thing President -elect  Trump.
For someone who claims to hate SNL you seem to watch it a lot. Change the channel and let the rest of us laugh at you.
it can't get any funnier then the real thing...or more sad
need to respect the position even if you don't respect the man it's the way it works with adults In a civilized country
Trump has trashed the position. People respect the position, not the clown currently occupying it.
Grow up you orange petulant child.  What the matter?  Cant you take it Trump?  How many more whine fests will we see?
#PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump is his Own Man, & will decide 4 himself wot he does with HIS time
But, wot do u think?
Should  #TrumpTweets stop?
Our cameras hit the streets, 2 give a face 2 the voters 
yes..stop it now ...please? 17%
NO!! I'D BE "YUGELY" UPSET!! 83%
There you have it folks, Disillusioned & Distraught AND Tingling & Twitter-Pated
Personally @realDonaldTrump Sir, I'm glad u took 2 the Internet Sir
Twitter et al are a great way 2 affirm how Crazy Libtards can get...Sir
I'm up way too late already @realDonaldTrump Sir
So..
Good morning, & in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, & good night Sir
Agree @realDonaldTrump Sir.
All that, & they're Assholes Sir.
Nothing wrong with jokes abt politicians Sir,
But THIS does go beyond, Sir
, IS #PEOTUS, & NOW he's NOT ALLOWED 2 have an opinion abt a "Once Great Show" & a "Now Shittty Show"?
GTFOH!!
#Trump #MAGA
Can't you ever sleep?  Your mind and your thoughts are all over the place, and your desire to control and convince others you are honest has worked for you in the past.......  I am leaving the Republican party now.
Why were you even a part of it in the first place?
SNL skits r FUNNY! Stop giving them so much material to satirize! Shows only as good as its basic material.
All forms of communication are biased, gramps.  Here, I'll turn it back to Fox for you. Go to sleep.
So you are upset about a skit portraying you as twitter addict. So you immediately go on Twitter to complain about it? Seriously man grow up.
@AlecBaldwin actually does a better @realDonaldTrump than you, and is by all means more qualified and competent.
North Idaho we the people support our president  God Bless  continue  to rule against spiritual darkness in high places your friend F. Joseph Skelley. Of priest River Id. Ben Carson has much wisdom  Amen
laugh Out Loud.. He Was Spot On.. couldn't have got you any better if he was you.! Rolling on floor laughing ass off.. ROFLAO.. just in case you didn't know what it meant I put the meaning first.!
I actually hate your tweets.  You are only hurting yourself.  I am sure you have been told this.  I am leaving the Republican party.
The truth again denied! Baldwin is far more presidential. I hear Melania loves it!
Sorry, it’s funny and the impersonation of you is right on
What are you talking about !  He was hilarious!  I wish he would run president. Baldwin would “Make America Honest Again”!!
Well, sad the fact that you can't take a simple joke ey?
I love it! Think it is hysterical.  What's not funny is your total disregard for humanity. sad
Why do u watch then? You’ve said this how many times? It’s called humour, u should get some.
Sad.
Sad.
Sad.
Like a 4 year old.........sad.
so because he got elected, it scares everyone that he is a normal person and makes comments about a tv show?
A self-absorbed prejudiced bully is not a normal person.
I agree Mr. President Anyways Baldwin is known for his many problems and spew of hate !
@alek_tyler nice job trump taking care of our country
Completely disagree!  So funny!
Stop whining and go to the briefings!
SNL's ratings prove you wrong.
he's more presidential than you. If anything, they flatter you.
I guess the key to stop this madness is for every1 to unfollow
I'm boycotting them and sent them an email explaining why.  They are just being schoolyard bullies, pay them no mind!
I'm sure they're super bummed to lose you as a viewer. @nbcsnl couldn't be any funnier -hysterical
yes, feel the hate. Let it course through your veins. Join the dark side and rule at the emperor's side.
crybaby!! SNL is great & Alec has got you down to a science!!
I saw it too.  Bitter losers.

grow a pair instead of taking your dolly and going home
Dude, Alec Baldwin impersonating you would be a better president than actually you, bud.
@Junttila10 oh no lol
What's sad is that with the weight of the entire world soon to be on your shoulders, your tweeting about @nbcsnl. #Trumped
The Truth hurts sometimes Donald
It looks to me like it is RIGHT ON!!
he's awesome
I agree the only funny thing in the show right now is when Alec Baldwin does an impression of you. He's got it right on.
@AlecBaldwin  the sad thing is you fool nobody. You are the MOST disgusting man on the planet.
Your. fake totally fake
They haven't been funny in decades
Baldwin is trying to get you to look in the mirror
Why?
Too close to the truth? It is like you looked into a mirror....
It wouldn't offend you so much if you weren't so emotionally broken. Seriously, are you okay?
Watching the unwatchable. You're a superhero. #MAGA
And its representation by your country as okay? It's a shit right sad ; )
Didn't think you can get worse but each week you manage & the bar lowers. You Trump yourself  & Alec runs with it. SO FUNNY
cry baby cry!
you say that every week,  it can't resist, very sad
agreed
so true
Why don't you read a book instead?  Or maybe the Constitution?  Hell, play "Civilization."  You might learn something.
Why are you so threatened by a TV show?
-the left reads your tweets and pounces on every word, like an addiction. It's a tweet, not an executive order. Relax peeps.
at least Trump doesn't call his daughter a thoughtless Pig what a horrible father that would be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r89wnvaed_0 …
No your just sad :/

SNL was terrible last night. Not even comedy. No respect. Losers and will get worse! Too bad as I used to like the show...
Oh poor twumpy wumpy. You gunna cwy??
you're just gonna have to put your big boy panties on and get over that... SNL has literally made fun of every president
A superb impersonation of a dumb sociopathic #PrezPussyGroper n his tacky #pornstar ditz of #1stlady
try watching with @IvankaTrump She can explain the jokes you don't understand.
You forgot the exclamation point after "Sad". That's sad!
make America great again.  Go away!
Best show on television.
oh,  it's funny.  Believe me,  the world laughs with Saturday night live.  I'm worth Alec Baldwin
I stopped watching it years ago, they try too hard to be funny..which makes it worse 
Of course it could:
Was ist das denn bloß für 1 hässlischer Louis-seize Stuhl? 
the rest of us love it
Yeah it sucked.
SNL used to be funny with Baldwins impression. Us Trumpsters had a self depr. laugh. But now..just sad and not funny...
i love you but you gotta quit complaining about SNL! You dont want to sound like cry baby liberal!
You're supporters aren't based at all are they?
https://youtu.be/ND1JigR8dwY 
I love you Trump but Alec Baldwin is right on. He does a great Trump, just bad scripts
SADLY, YOU ARE SO UNPRESIDENTIAL AND ARGUING ABOUT THE LONGEVITY OF SNL WHEN WE FACE SO MANY REAL PROBLEMS TO TACKLE. ACA?

So stop watching if it hurts your feelings. Me? I can't stop laughing.
Hilarious! But watching you make a fool of yourself is way funnier!
it was funny and you know it
actually it's funny and it's on you totally!! Face facts you are a joke!" you win andAmerica..you make us sick!"
for someone who is supposed to be running a country soon you need to prioritize your shit. get off twitter and get to work
a little less than 4 years and we won't have to deal with you at all.
Baldwin is not very good! He always looks like al gore. NOT a good thing!
It's funny as hell!!! I keep watching it over and over and over.
delete your account
Obama had more death threats than any other president and never complained. You whine & complain from SNL skits ...grow up.
Baldwin nailed you.
Go President Trump !!!!

Not those other bums who were sitting while you were sworn in. YOU know who I am referring to :-)
the truth hurts Trumpkin. Get a thicker skin because you have 4 years of this shit. Ask @POTUS how to handle it gracefully
Baldwin to retire "Trump Impression" ROFL right. made a lot of coin off it that's for sure Bye Alex!
if you don't like it, stop watching. You seem like either a masochist or a true fan of SNL if you keep tuning in.
If it is unwatchable then??
it's been on air 41 years. Wonder why?
SNL is halarious.Balwin's impression, dead on!!
Thank you for giving us a reason to follow Alec Baldwin
you obviously use your twitter account to spout your's so let other people express themselves in their own way.
very sick humor . Not the least bit funny
Stop embarrasing yourself on twitter and start acting like a President!  Don't you have more important things to do?
I watched this past Saturday and partially agree with you...show sucked and not funny. Need Baldwin to return
I thought it was great
you mean you're a sad case
it was unwatchable!!! I couldnt see anything from the tears in my eyes because i was laughimg so hard !!! Vision blurred!
Have you ever watched the show before??  It is called satire..  sadly you give them plenty to work with.
Aww. They “triggered” u? Run to ur “safe space” and play with ur stress toys… our President-Elect is a mf’n Snowflake.
You are like a child acting up after getting scolded. You are a joke. Can't wait for your impeachment.  That will be great.
it's brilliant, Alec is funny as hell.
baby-man that's just to bad. What you said about the program fits you. You keep getting worse by the day no less a week.
Cyberbullying is something that should disappear before a person even gets out of high school. Juvenile. Sad.
It's very funny so are you a completejoke of a man.
A deplorable
@AlecBaldwin Alec is incredible!
Funny skits, scary reality you present.  Afraid for my child and grandchildren.
Good Gravy, Mr. President-Elect! Be grateful that anyone would parody you! Get a thick skin & learn 2 take jokes!
or better yet...don't watch! 
