u r a idiot
Not by you, @realDonaldTrump - but by @HillaryClinton who is not the same person that is in the White House at this moment. Don't u get it?
Remember that time in 2011 during WHCD? @POTUS mocking yo sorry ass? I sure do!ALLwhile Bin Laden gettin shot in  
#Liar
No, idiot, that was under GW Bush.
Time for you to go to prison
OH I GOT IT! By sequestering minority communities behind a big dumb wall in the secret hope that they rip themselves apart?
#liar
TRUMP PRESIDENTE EEUU 8 AÑOS!!//
Trump real man don't dodge the draft, you just a Coward.
No way José! You aren't good enough to shine Clinton shoes let alone Obamas. Go back to your rock.
As if you can count.
yes you r right!  Enjoyed your speech in Florida!  Go Trump!
You have a 1 in 3.65 Billion chance of being harmed by a refugee in the U.S.
When will you stop your bald-faced lies?
yes!! It is time !
Liar. Prove it. You just make Sh...Up. Then say you heard someone say... Great facts. Apologize to A merica and Pres. Obama
Stupid!!...what a terrible example on our young people
IS A FOOL! Dummy acct with zero followers!
Only after a REPUBLICAN president started war in the Middle East (you know --- the one YOU DID support before not?)!
Hillary acts like even the vaguest 'slight' will set moderate Muslims off to join the Jihad - THAT should offend them...
is this guy for real or is he a plain old idiot?
You think you won't be treated fairly during debates. Here you go again. You just don't have solid answers or plans.
Your the man for the job. Don't let us down.
Not true.  Why do you have to lie so much?
Not true check your facts dummy
I guess you forgot about the attack that caused more American deaths a few miles from your palace. @nycsouthpaw @SputnikAZ
but W kept us all safe!!
No, that was Dick the dick. But don't get me started on that. BTW daughter Liz is likely Congress bound.
We should follow Australia's rules. Either assimilate or go home. No mosque of a certain size. U.S tolerate their religion
your word salad here makes no sense.  I mean you do know that Clinton has been out of government for four years
for a second I read playbook as playboy 
love Trump!
delete your. Account
we need some one who has brain to think with not muscle to act.
and under your leadership, thousands have lost their jobs and pensions. Why? Because it's all about you getting ahead. #666
and you will give us WWIII!
We need build our country inside out thats what our grandparents http://did.Now  what a mess in this 30 years.
We need change and we need now and we need someone who think out of box and Mr Tump is that man you got my family Vote.
http://www.king5.com/mb/news/local/mariners-city-share-informal-arrangement-to-clean-homeless-camps/320789996 … This what I mean we need build our country inside out not other way around this so sad.
WHO,S  CARES  YOU CALL IT  YOUR A LIAR
 YOU BEEN A  LIAR ALL YOUR LIFE .. LOSER  .. GOD HELP ,,, 
 GO BACK TO RUSSIA   .
you complete ass the seed was sown during GW BUSH^s time in office moron
you are right sir.....and i believe that chinging is the rules of earth....
how? with death camps? you are a frightening piece of work.
That, of course, is yet another lie.
You got that right; any ideas where we can find this #PLAYBOOK?
we the people demand to see Trump's tax returns.
Trump you must be think of George Bush.

still doesn't out way what Hillary has done
you are bizarre
#lyingdonthecon And what would you do differently? ??
Yo Braindead, you  are the embodiment of home grown terrorism.  9/11 happened on GW's watch, remember? Hello, McFly?
@SarahHuckabee 

Actually, 9/11 was under Bush's watch.
Pure Bullshit from a top grade bullshit artist!
of course you are correct Sir !
Wasn't Bin Laden's death under Obama? You don't consider that a victory?
Keep displaying your idiocy, cheeto
We need you for new & changed leadership. Stop that same old political corruption of money and power from the DC insiders!
@GOP @HillaryClinton @CNN -Voters have suffered more from your unsubstantiated claims than from any perceived terrorist.
The greatest single threat to America's national security is your candidacy. Willful ignorance and ego aren't enough. WIMP!
as always (94% According to @politico ) you're dead wrong! But why should we expect any less from you? #PresidentOfTwitter
not with u
we will have even more under you#totally clueless

dt, u use the bombings 4 political blame instead of policies? Big fail of opportunity. thats why u loose #DJTbatcrapcrazy
fat
There's a better one of her out there- but she has more % body fat than Trump.
We live in a country were being overweight is norm, and 4 eyes thinks Trump is fat. #INDOCTRINATEDYOUTH
woah cathy
you, Sir are clueless. This is not like business when you can cheat people and intimidate them with legal machinations.
Your first reaction is to make these attacks political, you are sick
Also, the suspect was tracked down and is dead. NYPD and FBI had it under control. Won't hear Trump give credit.
How will you do that, Donnie Boy? Starting wars & shattering our alliances?
the only thing you know is to attack Hillary http://Clinton.You  have no clue of what the country needs
fake news
Your party was responsible for 9/11 and invading the wrong country...time & space doesn't allow me to go on.
Yea, mostly from white nut jobs who picked up their guns at the local 7-11 via the NRA.
I agree  time to get tough #trumptrainarollin
Stuff it, Coward
. @realDonaldTrump actually more Americans have been killed by AMERICANS via gun violence by many many thousands (as u like to say)
Thank You. This guy is not what Americans need as President.
... the next thing Clinton will have u believe is that she led the Bin Laden raid in Pakistan... under sniper fire
You are a complete fool.  There is no question you are mentally ill.  Get help.  You will never be president.  Thankfully.
Not true, but then again you are unacquainted with truth. Typical of you to not lead but to exploit tragedies like Chelsea.
Not really all pales compared to 9/11. We have been very fortunate.

Before the Bushes, we had no attacks at home and no need to conquer anybody abroad. Don't blame the cleanup crew.
Another big lie from reckless wrecked Donald J. Trump.
Liar
Actually, attacks have signifcantly increased since you announced your candidcy in 6/2015! These attacks are on you!
Exactamente me sucede lo mismo en México; puros golpes dentro y afuera ningún éxito. @VicenteSerrano
.....and I am wondering if you could please tell the world how exactly have you  contributed to save American lives.

so you're going to take us to war?
when asked about the bombings Hillary should take the5th like the rest of her crew. It wouldnbe.better than the usual lies.
You lie, it starts on the time of bush 9/11
Yes, indeed, elect Hillary.
ummm who was Prez  on 9/11???
ouch!!! Really is that what you think Mr Trump.
under your presidency even the Vatican would attack America. #americaisgreatnow
hey, when did you finish 3rd grade, or are you still in school
Not true but when did u ever deal with facts. Heres a fact: An ignoramus like u wont keep us safe. #ReleaseYourTaxReturns
so you set up a hole in one contest a guy gets one but you set it up11 yards short so he could not win crooked donald
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/king-african-americans-ahmad-khan-rahami-treatment-article-1.2798518?cid=bitly …. #BlackLivesMatter
Poor old thing you grow more senile every day wonder if you last til November think not watch out U don't stumble
No way to stop these bombs, I don't care who is prez
HRC's lack of experience has greatly contributed to the terror the country is going through-she is the monster's Godfather
HC asserts Trump incites terror with rhetoric. HC/OBAMA ACTUAL policies created void for IS and, thus, the present threat!!
Idea! go see if the door on the plane opens?
remember 9/11/2001 Bush was president!
New ownership of FOX seem like they are with CNN for Hillary.  Trying to make Trump look bad.
GO TRUMP! !
Hope your generals provide a detailed plan to fight Isis here and Syria by next Monday's debate.  details will be required.
, It sure is.  Anyone with a brain knows that was a bomb. It has been used too many times.
Obama is allowing a dangerous invasion into our government and civil society of people with no intention of assimilation.
Reasons to Vote for Donald Trump
@BorisEP Lying Donald at it again using the Göbbels Nazi propaganda play book again.
You need to get better advisors. NONE of what you say is true. NONE of it.  #sad
you are not qualified intellectually or behaviorally to be president your yuan comments were old news
You are a careless individual whose diarrhea of the mouth will certainly get us into another war. #ImWithHer
Obama & Clinton policy consequences put politics ahead of the lives of Americans. We're taking civilian casualties. Vote!
And we gave the worlds #1 source of terrorism at least 1.7 billion in Cash. Have we lost our f-king minds
Hillary lies so much I'm not sure her name is really Hillary
With a @HillaryClinton presidency, these United States will be dead before four years as she sells us for her benefit
Let's make America Russia again #Putinsbitch
surely that's because you have had 0 victories abroad? Toddlers kill more Americans on your soil than terrorists do.
@MSNBC I wonder how many more we will have BECAUSE OF YOUR BIG MOUTH. don't you realize it just encourages
now he wants to be the head at UN so he can declare Marshall law and take over , I'm going to Canada as soon as that is !
Was the Bomber a friend of yours. You would do anything to get your hands on this country.
Under your watch. America would be blown to bits by your followers.  You enrage hate in American by Americans.  You suck!
and larger debt, crappy healthcare.....
every time u denigrate the American people something bad happens 2 the country. Small hands can't protect  us. Deplorable.
Sadly, this will only increase with B.O in office. It's quite clear, this country needs a "President Trump" more than ever
We are being attacked..do u know why? we are bombing innocent lives on the other side of the world.
If you didn't notice only 3 were terrorists the rest are home grown
More terrorists have been killed under Obama than all other presidents combined.  You don't know any facts.
@ronnieray61 time to change the playbook cause Hillary will be President! btw where are your tax returns??
Says the draft dodger.
PLUS GIVEN HUGE AMOUNTS OF MONEY AWAY TO ENEMIES that they can now use against us-thanks Obama!
transformation is essential to global dominance
lying liar lies all the time ... what a sad contribution you have made to this world
time to vote Trump
pvt corp n countries reverse engineered the technology and can spy on anyone connected to Internet or cell towers.
because your rhetoric incites violence, war and divisiveness. Vote @HillaryClinton #ImWithHer
you are NOT the answer for any reasonable person...ever.
@dmgmater64 @rlplus2 Hillary's had 30+ yrs to MAKE CHANGE! ! It's time to elect someone that  will DO IT!  TRUMP PENCE USA
30 years is enough politics
@SarahHuckabee Why must you continually lie?
you get that from your bf's at info wars? or other idoits you serve?
NOT EVERYONE FEELS THST WAY!
anything she says you have done, she has done a 100x worse. Arm up for next debate. Dont defend yourself just unload on her
at last someone with enough courage to fix our USA go Trump for president!!

go out
UNDER TRUMP NEW YORKERS HAVE PAYED MORE TAXES BECAUSE OF YOUR TAXE BREAKS ON YOUR PROJECTS WHILE YOU PAY ALMOST NO TAXES
Under Trump's effective Leadership, Americans will experience safety-fewer terrorist implants-smarter decisions-Victories!
Mr. I have a secret plan to have my generals give me a plan to defeat Isis. Hahahahahha
As Americans we believe in individualism; so, why are we so intent to 'save'/change the world to our belief? Not our burden
@HillaryClinton
do you really have a play book?  If so, will you share before the election with your tax returns?
