Seriously?
Don't be surprised if the shackles go back on.  That's what they do with people convicted of sexual assault.
It looks like the "shackles" are on the crooked members of the FBI who tried to sabotage the election. The real "collusion" was from Obama, and HClinon.
Be careful @realDonaldTrump , if you’ll remember, @Comey told you that you weren’t the focus of a an investigation too. Right before THIS happened.
Someone must have changed your diapers.....so glad you are feeling better
You are not king. Even the most competent dictators, which you are not, have been deposed by their own men. You're next.
American Friends / Lemon Oregano
Hands Away / Jodie Fox
Maybe off subject. Mr. President, Please do what you said you might a couple of weeks ago..YOU hold the press conferences...once a month.
God bless you, hero of America!!!
Yes, you can't give any of the swamp creatures quarter. This is a fight to the finish. Take out that DC swamp!
Anyone under 29 responding to this tweet does not count. You have been educated by the liberal gov't and know nothing. Grow up first.
Punish Swanp liberal companies like @Apple and @Starbucks and veto Paris deal
Ha! Ha! Still no evidence whatsoever of "Russian collusion". Turns out that the FBI probably was spying on Trump, like he said.
Trump may be crass, but he's right!
We need strength just look at obama he looked so weak, I spot it,ya can't think foreign men couldn't!LOL! I admire strength in a men, not 
Privyet tovarishch, kak pozhivayesh
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
you are a sick man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1H79p0ZRI4 … PLEASE, I BEG OF YOU, BE YOURSELF. THAT IS WHAT GOT YOU HERE. DO NOT LISTEN TO CLOWNS . U WILL WIN.
please remind the world u r FOR THE PEOPLE & not beholden 2 politics. We know MSM won't say it #MSM4HRC
https://jabezjournals.wordpress.com/2016/10/11/protest/ …
By grabbing pussies?
conceding defeat and going out being an even bigger asshole.  grabbing popcorn

In that case, God help us all.
It's so nice how you imagine yourself to be. #Delusional #LyingTrump
Who knew that all you had to do all along was grab em by the p@$$y without asking? @DanScavino

First woman president HILLARY CLINTON #45
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Good luck with that Dawn. Your disaster campaign is over in 28 days...Good riddance! Wondering who wife number 4 will be?
.@realDonaldTrump 

GO And get em! Donald! FULL Throttle!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
...as the rest of the free world watches in bewilderment and disgust in USA making a fool of itself Damage is enormous
unleash the PUSSY !
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Trump unshackled. Also unhinged.
Good, and when you get blown out this election I am sure you'll take responsibility for it. #Not
HRC is so entangled in her lies that she ignores them~Keep speaking the truth~The truth always wins in end~
God I pray for you to anoint Donald Trump with WISDOM AND POWER! In Jesus name.
lol  sure you can.
check out the new wiki leaks
DAMN STRAIGHT TWEET A PIC OF YOUR BALLS!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Tax returns Don! Get on it!

GAG
@KellyannePolls crash and burn you have only yourself to blame 
#DumpTrump #MorallyBankrupt
@dickas10 This can't be good for 9/2
@ThePerezHilton Go away !! You deserve to be in shackles locked away with no poor innocent skittles or tictacs or women

#ShacklesOff #MAGA The Eagle speaks for America!
No one has brought criminal charges against Donald Trump. We don't jail political opponents in the USA.
http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/turns-out-donald-trump-attacked-woman-who-accused-him-of-sexual-assault-this-year/ …  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-bloom/why-the-new-child-rape-ca_b_10619944.html …  http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/07/18/trump-kids-face-charges-massive-250-million-tax-evasion-suit/ …
https://www.scribd.com/doc/316341058/Donald-Trump-Jeffrey-Epstein-Rape-Lawsuit-and-Affidavits …
That's a civil suit for money damages,not a criminal prosecution.  Jail is not a remedy in a civil suit.
for sexual assault/rape it is
Incorrect.
Someone has to, I guess.
That's a fake profile pic. LOL! Her followers are too dumb to do a simple image search
Who has a fake profile pic? She's a Trump supporter.
That picture is of the singer, Madison Beer.
OH! Most of them, I assume, are not really them. :-P
Most of this person's followers (MADAME) are horny old men with tic tac breath.
unfit! BIG LEAGUE!
yea, they wrote freedom of religion in the constitution because they want to ban all Muslims. Exactly.
Trump thinks that all Muslims know terrorists, to report them. That is f'd up.
The Dr of #Commonsense even says Hillary thinks black are stupid https://youtu.be/2sdAZOXvyy8 
hey, thanks for helping destroy the GOP!
My favorite part of this comment is that like 80% of the likes are from Trump supporters- he down ballot races are TOAST
 This white male disagrees with you.
lol Trump's core supporters are also over 65- so I ain't too afraid
Another mentally ill Liberal that hates America. Open borders, free college and entitlements for everyone
When he is POTUS I will be celebrating and watching America be restored like when Reagan was in
Oh you mean like 10-20+ thousand people at his rallies. Like that kind of uniting?
Really I didn't know that. But you must be so much smarter than me. Liberals are so arrogant
and you know how you lost? You are a racist that's how
Because enforcing immigration laws is "racist" .....Lol....!!!
FIGHT!! :)

say that he can get away with it b/c he is famous is wrong and he should be held accountable
I don't agree with that many famous people have been jailed for rape
"when your famous you can do things and get away with it , like grabbing them in the pussy
hillary is a disgrace.
No wonder you love Trump. You can't  spell! Go back to kindergarten!  
u still cant spell, or state something that makes sense
We are behind you, ready to fight with you. We don't care about GOP or Democrats. We care about America! #MAGA
who's we. Real women don't vote Trump.
Real, strong women vote 4 Trump because we think of REAL issues that weak minded women won't
list em
real issues,immigration,economy,defecit,unemployment..all issues Hill failed
economy deficit as in Trump's plan causes a bigger one? Try again
Your hallucination about economy is duly noted!
your orange dream is almost over. Stay woke
Shackles are off. Time to put the straight jacket on. He's finally snapped. Can we just have the election now?
About that election: Trump WON! Trump WON! America is a better country because "Crooked Hillary" lost.
They should put the shackles back on. So they can fit you into the straitjacket!
Ha! Ha! Trump WON! America is a better nation because of him.
Looking forward to the day you're locked away.
November 28, Trump's #RICO trial begins: FRAUD, racketeering, bait & switch. Then December 16, his RAPE hearing. http://bit.ly/2daevMm  
Sorry, but Trump WON the election. It seems like the FBI and the Obama administration were trying to interfere in the election... not the Russians!
You're already lying your head off. Does that mean you'll resort to even shittier @breitbartnews lies? #DonTheCon
You're delusional too? Built his whole political career on #birtherism lie. Did he con you or were you already a racist idiot?
.@jackschofield @memeteam66 really the front page of the NYTs? the most  biased rag in print? That is not a factual reference
...by being a  PSYCHOTIC unfiltered tweeting Russia loving con man. Glad the shackles are off.
Donald Trump did not provide financing and technology to Iran's nuclear weapons program.
yes & we have the unfortunate position of  having 2 watch a 70 yr old throw a temper tantrum cause he isn't getting his way
You fight everyone because you do not know how to play NICE
We are with you Donald!
And...have free hands to grab pussies, right?
@VeronicaWllms should have never let them schäkle you to begin with
that's okay! Lesson learned. Now it's time @realDonaldTrump give the Republican Party a good patriotic cleansing! #MAGA
U did well Monday night.  Please follow your own model and always remember: this ain't about U.  It is about U.S.!!!
if you don't win I would love to talk to you
the pussy grabbing may now commence
Sad the people we put in position can't do the same. After all that was there job.
Take the shackles off completely! Go go go reclaim your independance! And let #GOP replace you with a human being
facts
DON'T go that route Mr Trump. We cannot afford it. Let your supporters deal with the lies, Ryan and the others!!
#repealthe19th!!!!  I'm so embarrassed to be American fuck this inequality bullshit
Shackles? What is wrong with you?
You're not American.

plz quit trashing Republicans. That is me. Instead, trash Hillary & her campaign for being anti-Catholic. Millions of votes
@theblacks4Trump if he had his way your ass would be back in shackles like some of our ancestors. Wake up fool!
when was American great
the people that support Hillary support terrorism.
phantastic! show us your true colours, not just your orange face.
you really are completely out of touch with who Americans are.
listen to this one Donald it has merit! Love you..
who Donald if you get in in the whitehouse are you gonna get your hair sorted out
which way? Raping women & making abortion illegal, beating up and locking up blacks & latinos and taking gay rights away?
Shackles? Apparently you endorse people who support shackles...
You need the shackles ..believe me! Maybe after all these trials coming up with Law suits and Rape charges, put them on!
.@realDonaldTrump oh dear god, you mean up until now you've been holding back?Can't wait to see what things have been hiding behind that dam
KEep STRONG #AmericaStrong  #NoMoreWhimps #STRONGUSA
On the next debate just tell we are not going to fix anybody else problems, before We fix American first!!!!
praying for you and your family. Stay the course. You will prevail - from a college educated female in suburbs.
Trump! The leader of pedophilia!!!
bravo this is a movement  America needs to go back on top to make the world safer again am. Team #TRUMP
How about you fight the way most Americans want...GO AWAY!  Stop making a mockery out of the presidential election.
Mr Trump can use your influence with Putin to stop the bombings and show the people of this country what your made of!
Show me.
@margaretmcclar1 you mean fight against women, minorities,immigrants,diversity. What part of America is he fighting for?
@KellyannePolls Now that shackles are off, please focus on Clintons!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome job Sunday night. Rock on!
sounds like you should truly be in shackles.
if you really want Action vote Trump if you want failures vote clinton
I believe for you this was an experience showing you how the masses are herded.
You answered back as a President
you are the only candidate to ever tell the truth people can't handle truth sadly I can. Thanks
When, exactly, did these shackles go on? I guess I missed that day... @realDonaldTrump
Democrats including  Hillary talk about equality, why is Hillary not equally prosecuted?
It was so unfair for you to be shackled. Shouldn't be shackled. A straightjacket  and a padded cell would be sufficient.
then get at it. I cannot give another dollar to you as long as the GOP gets even a penny.Sorry, I'll by your gear, no cash.
you are unhinged, not unshackled!
Go get em! Keep your gloves off and kick some ass.
.@realDonaldTrump I welcome the unshackled, unhinged, incoherent, ignorant Trump!
It would be better if you had rabies though.
Seriously.
http://www.TrumpRabies.tk 
lets see some of it NOW
Well then make us proud of you and Kick the Devil in a pants suits Ass,figuratively of course.  WIN THE ELECTION &BUILDWALL
But DumbDonald, we don't want you, and you'll find out bigly on Nov 8 just how much when you're defeated by 20 mil votes!
Keep telling people you are a born again Christian. Mean it
Actually... Shackles are probably an appropriate response to an admitted sex-offender...
Narcissist Rage.
you need to be examined,  you're losing your mind
Mr. Trump welcome to the American Party, you sir are the father & Founder.
And how is that working for you, Donald?
You are fighting for your ego and lying as always.

go for it! You'll drive it into the ground like its happening in real time. GIVE UP
You've been censoring yourself too much. To hell with Republican elite. Dance with the one that brought you to the party!
Just a hint, but it's probably not a good time to bring up your use of bondage restraints.
don lemon thinks that's racist....hahahahahahhahahahhahahahahha
thanks for exposing how timid the Rep party really is.keep treating them like children. They are so afraid of you
"@realDonaldTrump: ...the shackles have been taken off...I can now fight..the way I want to" That's the problem; you've never been shackled
Hmmm... unshackled from civility, decorum, or reality?
#satire #LaughAtTrump

so the shakles were not off when u suggested u want to fuck Ivanka in the Pussy?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diMp241gAcw …
keep talking Donald Duck, just keep running your mouth.
I wonder how long until the GOP makes you disappear? Or maybe it will look like an accident? Anyway,  have fun, Cheetoboy.
Does that involve telling your followers to take up arms if you lose?  May the Army and National Guard protect us.
We R With U Needs U Dont Trust Anyone but US your People Polls? Dont mean Nuttin! News Bias Hillary Libs All Socialist
Greetings, Mr. Trump.  Thank you for stirring things up in American Politics! I admire your tenacity and courage!
Hillary is destroying you with media and these 6 ladies that are making claims If you can prove she is behind this prove it
please put said shackles back on and save us all!
U R lucky, most sexual predators R in jail
They took off the shackles? Do you guys have a safe word, or do you get to do whatever you want because you're famous?
and in return put shackles on everyone who isn't a rich white man. good one
Was it great 2 ruin Billy Bush's life.  Wife leaving him daughters hating him U leave a disaster in your wake. BELIEVE ME
yes shackles are off - you are free to go....away.....anywhere.
"They will put you back in Chains"-Joe Biden to Black audience.
so nice the straight jacket taken off me. Now I can get my exercise.
;YOU MEAN DESTROY AMERICA!!!
EARTH TO TRUMP: BRING IT ON AND BETTER HAVE MORE PROOF THAN THAT PROVIDED BY THE CRIMINAL ASSANGE AND YOU BFF PUTIN
Go for it we the people behind you put out the list of the crew of people that will help you to run the USA that is a winer
You will be shackled after arrest for tax fraud #witnesstoMI #Iamawitness
.@realDonaldTrump "1 Peter 5:8 (KJV) - Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil [Hillary], as a roaring lion, walketh (1/2)
. DIRTY OLD MAN. Serial predator, cheat, fraudster & business failure, a spoiled brat that no one respects. Deplorable loser
#dumptrump #dumptrump #dumptrump
We know you're rigging the election.
you can say that again, Mr. President
Trump Agenda save American lives, Hillary agenda kill, steal, and destroy Trumps agenda!
@daveanthony  clearly trump supporters have autocorrect off and rely on their IQ to spell.
We have uncaged the beast that is Donald Trump.
you will be in jail when all those lawsuits are finished. No one is above the law
We know you're a #Quitter Trumples. Only question is when and how you evil babyman.
If you really want the shackles off and dare to get them off then run as an independent not a GOP rep.
http://www.upvibes.com/30-bill-clinton-scandals-that-will-affect-hillary/?utm_source=outbrain&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=billscandalsD049 …
the way you act shackles may be a good thing!
Buy your own island, set up your empire with your followers.
Seriously, you havent been coherent in months..didn't know this could actually get any more embarrassing. U had 70yrs!
Have you taken the shackles off the women you assaulted?
please reshackle
yeah fight for America and quit already. Many many of us know who's puppet you really are.
More groping, I promise you, believe me, bigly.....
Go Trump!!
Not worries, you'll have shackles again. @GovGaryJohnson for POTUS!
There's more? Lies, racism, narcissism, threats, abuse, misogyny... What's left in that little Hitler book of yours?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wK2K5v5bm0Q …
"Shackles, Bill love them so much" said Monica Lewinsky
how come you had shackles on?
How is throwing feces like an angry baboon fighting for America?
Mr Trump, please dont take the shackles off until you put the Armor of God on-Pray for wisdom in what what/how to respond

