why is Obama using the joint news conference as a platform to campaign for Hillary ? He doesn't work for America anymore!
by the media ..you mean victims coming forward?
@AyaashPaw Well you are the expert when it comes to lying Mr Drumpf...
Not an expert. Just prefer him over #CrookedHillary
So you prefer Lies, Misogyny, Racism and Tax Evasion over minor transgressions that broke no laws?
Yes, Over Unaccountable 33,000 Deleted Emails after being served a subpoena, Misuse of the Clinton Foundation!
"Misuse" of Foundation: Donor hid their identity and Six other secretaries signed off Russia deal...
Do you still think this is true assbag?
Trump was correct. Election was rigged.  But in his favor. 
#TrumpBrain
lmfao. You people are incredible. Hillary leads in the polls, OoOo its not rigged. @BarackObama impossible to rig. Now that he won. #Russia Russia Russia Russia
He may get impeached for treason using Flynn similar to Comey.
how do you feel now?? Was it rigged? Let's repeat it
 I'm so thrilled!!!!! 
Thank you Mr. President!
looking back / it was her false belief in the media that was (one of) her downfalls :) lol 
YOU'RE BREAKING ALL YOUR PROMISES ALREADY. YOUR SUPPORTERS WON'T TAKE KINDLY TO YOU.
You are going to lose BIGLY.
every time you open your mouth lies and insults fall out. And it's rigged against you? You've done it to yourself.
you wish
the media slanders Republicans every 4 years
I look up to you as the master of 'outright lies'. Great job!
Sue the pants off them
election isn't rigged. You will lose because you are horrible.
It's rigged Tony when false accusation are cast! Evidence shows corrupt HRC,DNC & Media did this! Stories R falling apart!
Your right,  Fox News is so bias.
And all those women are liars. (NOT)
Everyone and everything is against you.
Paranoid ??
.@realDonaldTrump Trump sold me his soul but I now have buyer's remorse
See Mr Trump Hitlary supporters are insane & have severe Mentall problems.  This one believes thay ate Satan!
mentall
No it is not. You are losing so you're looking for an excuse. No candidate in history has ever come back from your low #'s
pig
obama fkn up russia relationship and nuclear. u should push this in the debate
well Don, newspapers are automatically attracted to Presidential candidates. They just start reporting about them.
Yet they don't report about a politician who sold access to our country .Democrats are so dumbed down its a shame.
America knows how rigged the election is American just needs to wake up
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
Without the media to report your lies and show the world your disgusting habits, #PredatorTrump, you would not be discussed
shut up and fight back like a man
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
That's why we are all voting TRUMP!

#imwithher < lying
#StrongerTogether < Criminals
@thedemocrats < Losing
: "Grab them by the pussy."
@censoredbee do not care get off my space with all this nonsense-really u compare this with H?
media is crooked, multiple woman lying, polls rigged, election fixed.  All?  You are delusional
BREAKING: Anonymous has 33k deleted emails. Damaging vids 100x worse than Trumptapes. Wiki saving best for last PLEASE RT
@StopStopHillary @realDonaldTrump we don't have time to wait 2 weeks. This country may be an ash heap by that time.
don't doubt Anonymous and Wiki. They want to make sure HRC can't be replaced with most damaging coming out
I don't doubt them at all. They have delivered big time and we are thankful. Russia won't let us open cyber war
Russia won't let us?
you are delusional if you think they are going to sit back and let us open a cyber war.
Just ignore the accusations!  Stay with the main issues.  Please don't let Hillary make you lose your temper!
It's either that or America doesn't want a narcissistic, deranged, racist, fascist sex offender as president. Whatever.
Another sleepless night eh Donald?
Guess that makes you a loser-- you couldn't close the deal
it's their way; HRC does not have solutions just more Obama disruption of America.
Trump we the pple decide so we have ur back. Live in Florida/NY and I haven't seen one Hillary sign. Smoke n mirrors!!!!
stop Donald....get back on track....you are blowing it....tell  the people what you are going to do.
We see them for what they are, now, thanks to you for courageously calling them out on it.
It is! All the more reason 2 speak 2 the issues that pertain 2 HRC's corruption & how you will #MAGA! That's all U need!
Still think so?
@jaymohr37 he might have a point now
@jaymohr37 congratulations prez Trump; now go away crooked
That makes no sense whatsoever. I'm just saying.
이거 지금 봤는데 왜이렇게 웃기죠ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ @.realDonaldTrump
한국어 멘션을 적으셔서 재밌었어요 ㅋㅋㅋ
짱이세욘!
you're going to lose because you are a sexual predator!
AND it is HIS OWN words that condemn him the most...

YES... and you still DON'T GET IT DO YOU ..
If somebody OFFERS it ..it's consent and OK
If they Don't it's sexual assualt
AND .. IF you still don't GET IT.. you are really displaying how fucking ignorant and stupid you are.
Anybody but you is fine. Even Carrot Top.
hey bri.
hey Tod
395 yds 3 tds 47 rush yards 0 ints for MVP Alex smith Sunday
hell yeah
@jamescalloway Rigged?  Hardly. Only his excuse for failing miserably and 2 much of pompous prick 2 admit he's fukked
It's going to be a long 7 years for you
Media trying to "lock" you out. Remind America that Media can't Vote. "We the People" elect our leaders.
..Absolutely true
.@realDonaldTrump "election is rigged" whines man-child whose own party was caught rigging the system against black voters
@fran_b__ @realDonaldTrump this is the sort of crap that makes the US electoral system so crap. Needs a single, uniform system
they would say that is rigged with federal overreach and it should be state decision
I know, that's why it remains a dog's breakfast
The American people won't tolerate a rigged election.
Hillary is the queen of lies!  Even her own campaign manager called her a liar!  Only people with blindfolds could vote for her !
don't need to look anything up!
I care about keeping America safe, ridding corruption and our economy! #hillaryiscorrupt
fuck Hillary she hates America
We need you to overwhelm the media with ad buys in these last 2 weeks. Go around dishonest media and Hillary. Direct to us
conspiracy theory #2055. Take your mess Donald!
The reduction of the GP is at the cost of poverty level citizens,with government charging compounded interest daily.
yes they are with out any thought!! But they think we are a bunch of dum as deplorable people.. Wrong we see that bicth...
how can a Catholic be part of a party that does not protect babies .  Hit this issue hard
yes it's rigged if I could find one of my dead relatives I'm going to be pissed. There should be something done about it.
the media will be the media. Focus, mr trump.  WIN THIS. forget her. WE need U!! U have more supporters than she claims to
you know whats rigged you running for president hope your ready for civil war
It's ur words that u spoke & ur actions Mr. Trump that have caused the problems.
Wow..everyone seems to coordinate their actions against you. Wake up!
You have my vote!!
Media are victims of the KGB indoctrination against US in the 1960ies, which infected US academia to teach hatred of US.
nutter
(2/2) 2) Testimony from a 3rd person who claims victim told her about it 10 years ago is also SUBSTANTIATED EVIDENCE.
people need to watch Hillary's America the secret history of the Democratic Party! Wow did that open my eyes!

Dear Sir please talk just about Jobs, security and the Supreme Court the next 3 weeks. Please stay in your path
these people in the media have WAY TOO MUCH POWER.
I COMPLETELY AGREE!
can't believe someone like you is running for president ! I am beyond appalled and saddened!
No @realDonaldTrump, crooked Hillary AND juice controls the media..
America also needs media reform. The media as a lot of power when it comes to our perception to what is going on around us.
Now that you know how r u going to win against all odds? NO EXCUSES
No bigger liar than you Donald.
Why can we not get a fair debate "Republican" moderator?
Who controls the bias debate circuit anyway? Shameful! 
you are correct!  Reiterate the words people know.  Bill Clinton is a Sexual Predator!  And Hillary condones this
You have insulted Latinos, blacks, females and pretty much anyone not like you... Can't imagine why you're losing...lmao
rotoo!
I agree w your policies and am voting for you. But if this election is lost, part of the blame belongs to you.
if you want to know why you are loosing look in the mirror!  Better crooked Hillary than pervert Trump
oh, bless your heart.
Shut up and take a moment from this crap going on... this is where I was this morning my uncle's on the wall
WeThePeople Need you to b PresTrump We know the press sucks tell us about policy, issues, her wic lek emails ur taxs v hers
Yes we know a**hole...anything you cannot manipulate with lies and corruption must surely be "rigged".  #Loser
stay focused-don't yield, attack Hillary for her lies and deception.
You're going get shit hammered on Nov 8th but you don't really care. Obviously you're trying to save face when it happens.
your tweets make it look like you are preparing to lose
I would think about voting for you if you were not so paranoid about everything.
we all know that. Please start talking about the future of our country and what you will do to turn things around.
hi my name is renee gillis and I'm  all the way for you ,we the American people need you not crooked hillary, so lets go
or you're an awful candidate with no experience and a lot of bad history. Oh and you sexually assault women. There's that
@HouseGOP @RepublicansInc thanks for killing the Republican Party @realDonaldTrump
the pole machines are being rigged by George Soros.
You come across as sick with your twitter posts and it is not helping your cause.  You need help or medication!
You will win. You HAVE to win. PLEASE, PLEASE talk about the issues as you have done in the past. You WILL then win.
Talk about your platform and what you want to do for this country.We NEED you!
sounds familiar...Central Park 5
DEFEATED DONALD!
Dare you to meet them face to face.
oink oink
you are losing  badly! America has spoken! No Trumps in the White House!
Watch Election results in Florida. #RemailingballotshurricanevictimsFL
Nope. America just waking up and GOP running away from a pervert who are is NOT respecting anyone
isn't that always what you say when you lose
@mike_pence Make sure that every GOP n Trump voter comes out on voting day...That's d key to fight corrupt Hillary and Co.
the media has paid off by the Clintons you have power get their deposit records. That's all you need to prove it bankrecord
that's no kidding!!!! Omg this media it's so effing annoying! They don't want a man that's nota cookie cutter conformist.
She will anything to get votes, if she looses she's going to Prison!
you must get the hispanic 17 yr old basketball player.
your are a looser and should never be allowed near the White House unstable clown
Credible witness on same flight as #Trump says accuser lied about #sexualassault. Details: https://youtu.be/dBQXlqwJ778 
Huge supporter but enough! U don't have enough material to stay couse????
You admitted you kiss & grope women's genitals w/o consent, when you didn't know mic was on. Can't get plainer than that.
keep your humor and smile. Life will get better
We the People want Change in America Only way Trump/PenceUnpolished and UncorruptWe the People want a UnRid system
I'll accept election results only if I win -- is this a "boy talk"?
so if you win is it still rigged??
you mean the media reporting what you said on tape lying? How much coke do you snort?
Hillary relies on the stupidity of her supporters. They don't read anymore.
u knew that going in. We did.
@HillaryClinton It's more rigged by bigger city real estate flippers that lost their work ethic and became liberals.
I'm a conservative republican that wouldn't vote for piece of carp like you or Hillary
http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-37684418 …
-woulda thought you'd have the upper hand in a rigged election built on lies and poppycock...What happened?
Lying, crying, Donald. never stops complaining about your own f()ck ups. there have been many. everybody knows it. but u
Sorry Dopey Don she's going to get rid of you.
we know , just stay focused on the issues that concern this country, and let's take her corrupt arse down
We stand w/you,not believing the propaganda machine. Focus on the real issues & policies at debate #MAGA
YOUR CANDIDACY IS RIGGED ONLY BY YOUR MOUTH! The more YOU prove You are a LIAR & show how UNHINGED & UNFIT you are polls 
I know that so doe's everybody,now let it go you are doing just what hillary wants! Defending not attacking go get her WIN"
, assure the American people if convicted by one of these false claims, you will not be like Bill Clinton, you will resign.
and putting out FALSE POLL #'S
you are your worst enemy!!!!!!!
Hillary for president
CAN YOU sleep on a cot?Get ready.
Yeah Yeah wouldn't be anything to do with your mouth?
I don't understand this. Do they really want socialism????
The media's biggest fault is that it gave you too much attention, which is all you want of course.
we need you in the Whitehouse, stay out of the gutter and talk about the change you will bring and don't stop!
WE're Aware. Just keep talking about How Clinton wants to Dismantle America as we know it! privatespeeches
According to you,  you're winning.
YOU ARE A BIG BULLY.
That's ok the dnc is spreading nothing but lies Donald Trump will be our 45 president and be there for 8 years 
GO TRUMP
Vote Jill Stein
http://gatewaypeople.com/ministries/life/announcement/2015/12/30/your-vote-under-god … #havefaith
people don't care about the crook Hilary is. We want to know what you will do. Fix the country. Lower taxes. Be honest. Win
I am sorry to say, but if crooked Hillary somehow gets elected.
She will really know how the true American's will react.
True, media affects outcome of elections Yet - STOP Absentee Ballots in ALL Elections. The Dead Rise Vote and ARE COUNTED
Pls support animal rights! Ban horses shipping to slaughter (Mex/Canada) & wild round ups. Fund Shelters. Woman will care.
so you're saying if you win it's rigged? Think about what your saying. You can think it but not say it.
Donald bring all the miss USA and miss universe that support you to the debate
absolutely true!!!!
