Hillary is already connected.
Thank you so much for helping us to stay safe!!!
So you will adopt the current @BarackObama plan then!  I see :)
I posted 2 links concerning TN healthcare premiums for you! My comment however dealt with #ISIS
Thought you weren't gonna divulge your non-existent plan. Sad.
not a plan!  which allies? how will you explicitly "defeat the ideology?" what are "screening procedures," how 2 fund them?
@AnitaDWhite
lolxx. I'd explain it to you what exactly Islam is, but your brain would explode.
how about a commission on radical womanizers, liars and cheats?? Even when it's on tape, you deny.. you are sick!!!
you forgot "grope bagdadhi"
and you give Clinton crap for putting her plans against ISIS on her website... at least you actually explained yourself.
TRUST ME, WE ARE NOT GOING TO LET YOUR EVIL CONTINUE!
Christians that follow the Bible r called Christians, not Radical Christians. Why r followers of the quran called radical?
I am crying.  You must become our Commander and Chief!  Please try @realDonaldTrump realDonaldTrump
Maybe we can help rebuild their country after we rid it of Isis BUT bringing them here mad as hell at us is not the answer
Dr. TRUMP AND MR. GROPER...Cannot handle this divide...All Super male chauvinistic pigs think they own all PUSSY'S
you are so right, people are tired of pollution lie
@gavinbehr1
love this idea
OMG. finally some answers. shoulda done that 6 months ago. maybe you wouldnt be losing.
Absolutley
Heeeeeerrrr''sss DONNY!! #PresidentElectTrump
Your freefall is delicious. The women of America will be vindicated. #debates
Do you mean these women?
we need to protect our voting process. I would rather go back to paper/manual counting
we have terrorists within, just waiting to get the call. Disaster ahead.
Trump IS bad..Evil is conscious  use of bad...you fit the bill..constantly calling the kettle black.  SICK
I agree we need you Donald
Clinton is a crook we need Donald why aren't you going after her in-discrepancies
at the debate ask if Hillary will be willing to help a young man? By having a dna test with Bill & he's son He's a goodkid
Oh shit! You're telling the enemy your plans!
OBAMA-HILLARY FORIEGN POLICY SERVES THE SOROS MAFIA INTERESTS
Oops, for a minute I thought you were referring to your campaign. My bad.
How is creating another Commission "lean government" & how are you defeating the ideology when you're their best recruiter?
A weak Hi lary administration means more violence,more terror, more danger to innocent lives of Americans and the World.
No one wants Hi lary bcoz,with her appeasement,she will get many innocent lives destroyed by terror in USA and the world.
American lives,Innocent lives the world over are unsafe.Every good person in the world is praying for the defeat of H ilary
If Hi lary is not defeated in the Election campaign,she'll get many innocent lives in USA and the world,destroyed by terror
You're right! #DropOutTrump
Your top three are already being done.  Nice cut and paste from current policy. But no Mid East leader will work with U
Sorry DT. One more time; talking points do not equal a plan. Didn't U learn that at Wharton?
Humm. Believe all are being addressed.  Regarding immigration, aren't state courts more or less driving that train?
Unconstitutional & Collectivist #Trump. You can't win against ISIS with such measures. Have you learned nothing since 9/11?
Thank you for standing up for "We the people" and not backing down
Yes! but not without a twist!
Agree, that's why you WILL NOT become potus.
& we CANT let the #QueenOfEvil win
When #TrumpWins=#AmericaWins
YOU ARE THE IDEOLOGY
4 20 yrs we R aggressor so Putin reacted/now say he's guilty of War Crimes/U.S. broke out 1 wk B4 Treaty/ WAR eminent
Shit Donald! Now they will know!
commission... so another McCarthy witch hunt.
《So you tweet BUTDO YOU TAKE TIME TO LISTEN TO OLD RETIRED PREACHER?JUST INCASE I GOT YOUR ATTENTION  LOOK JOHN 8:7 BEWARE
Agreed! Lets stop this evil Trump plan! The Allies you want to join are Russia and Iran, to support a corrupt regime.. dumb
THNK LOTS PPL DO NT REALZE VICHOUSNES OF ISIS. HARD TO DO BUT NEED TO WTCH ISIS EXECUTONS! WIL B HERE TO IF HRC ELECTED
Awesome, nobody has tried ANY of this!
Don't tell me you still believe their stories. Wake tf up! It isn't the Muslims we have to fear! PROPAGANDA!! Bush 4 PRISON
yes we need new regulations and term limits for all political offices and that we the people vote for raises for congress
You're the evil!
liar.
Cute word thoughts, but HOW? That's one you never answer. #NeverTrump
lol
Sounds like the Nuremberg laws to me.
= the evil that must be stopped #DumpTheChump #TrumpTapes #STANDUP2GOP #TrumpForJail ABUSER CROOK LIAR HATEFUL CROOK
YES!!! Stop Donald!!,and Lord, let your mighty hand cast him out of all Americans.
You are the evil.
We pretty much got all those things covered Don. You'll have to do better than that.
You are right!  That's why you MUST be defeated.
A federal lawsuit filed in New York accuses Republican  candidate Donald Trump of repeatedly raping a 13-year-old girl
u r the evil coming after US. u will not b king of US. HC will b great POTUS like BHO has been for 8 yrs #DJTbatcrapcrazy
many of your supporters have jumped ship from you including your family members!
https://twitter.com/StopStopHillary/status/785625704352194560 …
And what would hillary do? Open the borders.
racist
you are absolutely correct Donald you are the evil that we cannot let it continue.
your right you have to go!!!! Your losing to a women haha Dirty Don must be awful for you. Losing terrible in the polls lol
holy crap you are a disturbed and twisted individual.
With the Donald there won't be any allies in the Middle East. The Donald would be an impotent leader.
Obama won't like that....
Hillery s people want to keep you defending h
Yourself
Donald stay on the important things the real americans Want

Did you watch the 60 mins episode with the king of Jordans proposal to defeat  ISIS and radical Islam?
you are the evil!!
Another Way Is To Pass Out The New #Immigration Leaflet #RT... #America Is Not Asleep And We Are #Pissed
LOL This is the same thing Obama is doing.

Trump will get rid of allies, join Russia, become dictator and eliminate constitution. Trump follows the psycho path. @CNN
Please tell us how you plan to stop this.
@Liee4Trump doesn't get any better
your plan and ideas are as weak and transparent as your wig
expanded military involvement, increased screening and enforcement, AND a new commission?  Where's the "Lean government"?
#NeverHillaryOrTrump #LetGaryDebate
can you appoint me to.The radical.islam commission? I have some wednesday afternoons off.
You have brought destruction.
You mean stop sponsoring & creating radicalized islamic terrorist groups ? 50% of them belong to USA. Rest are EU & Russia.
go sniff one more Coke
Agree. Deport comrade Trump
Lord, go before & after Trump to find favor with USA to win presidency. Give him wisdom like King David. @LadiesForTrump
Ww need U in power to stop the brutal murders of helpless babies screaming in silence and tortured in womb @LadiesForTrump
Need commercial showing public full term abortion to stop Hillary's terror "ISIS in the womb."  @LadiesForTrump
agree. Deport comrade Trump
voices of babies unheard crying silently while tormented in death before first breath. Stop Hillary4 baby. @LadiesForTrump
unborn babies in the womb are Hillary's ISIS terror in the womb. We must stop the silent screams of baby. @LadiesForTrump
#DonaldJTrumpforPresident, #Trump2016, #AlwaysTrump,
so basically continue the WAR in the mideast, plus disgrace this country's Foundation of welcoming immigrants w/ open arms
your radical islam is islam. They arent the same thing.
and importantly, sneak attacks...
Can you please RT to your followers that I will bet anybody $100 that you will NOT be president. 
Thanks.
you forgot "Pals with Putin"
TRAITOR TRUMP PLAGIARIZES DEM PLAN TO DEFEAT ISIS. HIS WIFE PLAGIARIZED MICHELE OBAMA. MUST RUN IN THE FAMILY
Pt#1=Obama, #2=Obama, #3=Convert 3b Muslims?, #4=Obama, #5=Unconstitutional. Looks like Obama's OK!
i know so drop out!
by establishing a committee for radical Islam duh
#stopevil #dumptrump
F u
LOL
- You, Donald Trump, DO NOT KNOW what the letters in "ISIS" stand for. (or ISIL, or IS) You ARE ignorant & incompetent.
@tekeih It is completely ridiculous. We already have Commissions on Commissions. It's the BEST way to get NOTHING done
the reason I like you isn't because I don't like or trust Hitlery Clinton. It's because you are realistic.
@Bo0M_H4CKZ  you said you were going to bomb Islam so.........?
commission on radical islam. Lol

How do you plan to defeat an ideology? Communism and Fascism arent dead for example.
we already have very extreme vetting going on.
We are already working with our allies.
Military operations in Syria by the u.s. is going to get us into a war with Russia and cause us to be peacekeepers 4 yrs.
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump The real question is who will protect us from you.  You're a mess now & you'd be an even bigger mess as POTUS
You realize that is exactly, and I mean EXACTLY what Obama has been doing for the past 3 years. Obama/Trump foreign policy!
Great ideas, as soon as you are in power just stop funding them and sending them weapons.  They will quickly fall.
You stole Obama and Clinton's plan
@jjliles read the Quran and Hadith. All Islam is evil. No real fundamentalist peaceful Muslims.
He may have his faults but he's not afraid to tackle the elephant in the room......Radical Islam #debate
already stealing ideas from @HillaryClinton. Absolutely sad.
Don't keep looking for evil elsewhere!
Pence for President, at least he is not a moron

@LisaMiwa go DONALD J TRUMP

we already have 1 & 2 and have since 8/2014.
how dare you put down canada ? my husband would of died if he lived in the states our medical is way better! Mr Drumpf!!
Kill all ISIS internationally
Deport all alien muslims
ReEducate Jihadi citizens
lets stop bashing lets start making america great again and talk about what really matters
If ya weren't so damn mentally crazy maybe u woulda had more support and possible win. Nope-will be worst loss in history!
@STRONG_OPED A great beginning!
about time
How, exactly, do you plan to defeat an ideology?
Yes, give truth 2 Power Donald.Never let any of her lawlessness go unnoticed. U won this debate, ignore the distractions
I must say I am NOT a @HillaryClinton supporter. You ARE just as evil as she is....
.  Oh, are you pulling out of the race, Donald?
Trumps's kids go first
America First.   We matter in the eyes of Mr Trump.  For once we have someone who really cares about America
Dems can't keep importing voters. We are out of pay off $$ for them and they will overrun you with cultural displacement
Only a real leader addresses sensitive topics when the people need that reality! Good job sir.
ITS GETTING WORSE
Someone tell me how much free college for our kids is again? #FeelTheBern


Illusion of permanence. Mass immigration is wrecking Europe. English one  child to 16 for refugees. https://youtu.be/Tjpcp4gESsU 
@surfermom77 what a great debate! Take it too them!
I AGREE
Team Trump, please see Political Islam by Dr. Warner for ways to address this issue. Not even Muslim clerics can debate him
yeah let's make a commission on Jews while we're at it
YOUR THE EVIL ONE AND EVERYONE KNOWS IT.#NEVERCONMANTRUMP

um those are opinions and not a plan
You focused like a laser on ISIS(30 + countries) in debate - congratulations
EXCELLENT!!
I thought you didn’t want people knowing your secret plan
@LadiesForTrump ... I like this plan
