Remember jumping off the couch when you said that
Hope it happens soon.

nope.
I like your sources.
You do realize she had every outlet. Their polls said she would win. But meme magic prevailed cuz Drumpth had no one from the establishment.
Yaaaaayyyy!!!!!
Prove it.
Then have her prosecuted!
and yet we wait, 
and wait....
... and wait.
Trump, like all dictators (Hitler, Mussolini, Hussein, Putin), wants to jail people with whom he disagrees. @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
he doesn't kill them or let them be raped like the wicked witch.
There's a reason Trump loves the poorly educated. @juliag213 @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
look at you trying to be psychic. "Poorly educated" hahahahaha poor little child, you're immaturity is showing hahaha

you mean for YOUR record, which is YOUR opinion, which is one of MILLIONS.
she is the better choice and trump belongs in jail
you are doing great!!!
why does Trump sniff so much? 45 times now, always when he lies!
Neither is Donald. You should keep that in mind.
She should be held accountable!
#specialprosecutor @jasoninthehouse
SNIFF*SNIFF*SNIFF*SNIFF*SNIFF* Crackhead Don got another bad mic!
Apparently she is.  Where is ag sessions? Why is this #witchhunt allowed to continue? They want a war in America it's looking like more and more everyday
But you think you are!  #DumpTrump, #DontheCon
Then I guess it's almost Time to arrest her and put her on trial

#becauseyoudbeinjail
#golden

neither are you you pig.
But "stars" are? Trump is the world's richest sociopath.
you're not either 
medicare is not great. OBama stole from it. ASK any senior.
please drop out, you're an embarrassment to our Country!
@PresidentChoob @HillaryClinton you both suck
TOSS HER IN THE POKEY! 
https://twitter.com/MissLizzyNJ/status/760553153817444352/photo/1pic.twitter.com/4hSrR9ONLG 
Gr8ful 2 have been born in BW, Africa. Atlst here, its unlikely my Prez wud hv his hand up my daughter's..
Not since the civil war has the republic been this near destruction as is present in Hillary - go get her.
Like a Boss!! Love you President Trump!
Trump you so won this debate!! I'm so proud of you!!!
Our countries men that died in Benghazi, innocent raped women, murdered possible testifiers against the Clintons, our National Security and sound electoral system, our country's unity and the Haitian People deserves better, than for Hillary to roam free.
Let’s do it!

AND THERE YOU HAVE IT FOLKS!!!
shut up! And why stand so close to her?! That is just creepy. You're sick. Go home.
HRC when will u apologize to #Benghazi4 families or 4 taking $$ from countries who treat women poorly #MAGA
She has a lot of backing from our elite police force management... But this would be a righteous deed.
That could be the best line in a debate.....ever! Way to tell it like it is Donald!
In theory anyway but so far she has been above the law .....who is going to be the one to change that ? That is what the American people want .  Equal justice .
No one is above the law including #trump, who threatens his opponents just like dictators who crave power.
you are floundering. Failing.  Losing. I like how you don't answer one question.  #wegohigh
Keep this promise!!!!!!!!!!!
, YOU SHOULD BE IN JAIL!
Come on just say it one more time ..like you mean it
Well said!
Donnie has the sniffles again. Bad microphone again?
handled that like a boss
Neither are you!
Send them all to the big house and #DrainTheSwamp
Hey You Two, let's see if the Dems can make a mountain out of a Lil mole hill! #TrumpPence2016
So true.
@bigcitybowz as bad as @HillaryClinton is, she is a fraction of how bad @realDonaldTrump is. God help us all if he wins! #reallifenightmare
yes she is! MR TRUMP!! Do you even deserve the title of President? I don't think so with the contractions.
*contradictions sorry.
I think she is. Who else could kill an ex boyfriend, an ex mistress of Bill's, sell our country's Uranium, blame Benghazi on a video, rig the primary, collude with the Russians, use charity for personal gain, all with no repercussions?
This makes me so happy every time I see it
Mr. Trump.....you are not above the law either.

what kind of powder are you sniffing?
Hillary's policies stink so much that's why
and you're not either !
Neither are you....
Didn't he roast himself as well because she was comparing it to him???
Man, @realDonaldTrump how the hell you tweeting and debating at the same damn time... Get off twitter.
get off http://tonyrobins.com 
neither is Donald and his taxes
You did what you needed to do.
Great job Sir!
Do the same at the 3rd debate!
Trump we are not a third world country...you don't jail your opponent in America!!!
@crtrprtr @HillaryClinton
The Quran has to be reformed,everyone is an infidel lower than a roach,w/jihads& fatwas.
neither are you, Mr. Trump!
seriously she thinks she is
Hillary is right out to lunch...
I support Trump and I take your comment as an insult.   Hillary lover, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt8ugB5fB00 …
Put her ass in the joint.  That is where she belongs. Well said Mr. Trump.

bills probably gettin another blackeye tonight, cause of his victims beingbin the same room.
@mikey_shaw_
Big strong snort there, Donnie.
@MBekhet7 @HillaryClinton Says the one who doesn't pay taxed
That's why 5th grade social studies teaches the executive branch is separate from the legislative.
Neither are you Trump.
well SHE thinks she is
neither are you mr. Trump. Rape and sexual assaults against women is against the law
You think you are above the law. Cuba, Russia, mob buddies. Try again oh impotent one.
neither are u Donald Trump. Please remember u only know about chapter 11...#debates
She blasted well thinks she is and her putrid party & Barry are backing her play!!
hey at least you actually @ ed her this time you orange golf ball
Bill isn't worthy to be the mud on the Rednecks boots walking through chicken pens
Get your boy a tissue. Or is it another "bum mike"?.......LMAO
THAT was perfection!
You need to know that u also are not above the law either Let's see how your court hearings are going to go
At this point if @realDonaldTrump gets even ONE female vote my brain will explode.I think Chris Hanson needs to have a talk with him #debate
no person should accept this behavior, man or woman
it's INSANE.
You should climb back under that rock!
President Obama why I trust Hillary Clinton,worked w/her for yrs "Madam President" https://youtu.be/mwUWd4GN1Aw  @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
And you are a #PresidentPussyGrabber
no more Mr. nice guy you get what you deserve strong decisive leadership GOTV to MAGA
MIC DROP IF I'VE EVER SEEN ONE!
Neither are you for not paying people for their work.
Bravo Trump winner by tko
you are dealing with a rape case right now. The girl was 13. Are YOU above the law?
If not her @$$ be in jail
remember that when u r impeached.
It shows great character that you did give a positive comment about Hillary but she didn't do the same
She Thinks She Is. Awesome Job Put That Damn Hag In Her Place We Don't Have Time For Political Correctness
I hope she is not above the law. Just another lawyer that dont know shit about life r people. Baaaa Baaaa
so tired of political bull and lists.  I want a true business man as President!
Just grab her by the pussy, sniffles!
The only thing that was missing was a mic drop.
, neither are you. #grabthembythepussy
Delete your account.
keep smoking that crack
HILLARY CANT HELP U CAUSE SHE DONT FEEL U.
. YOU ARE BLESSED SIR. SHE MUST BE IN JAIL
NEITHER IS DONALD TRUMP.
damnnnnn
#Trump is doing great
you are not either
@PetzkeTess @HillaryClinton
you
Hillary you ain't done crap to pay for the wrongs you have done
I really think Trump had this debate, he gave it to Hillary Clinton. Way to Trump!
I can't believe you are getting your ass handed to you AGAIN in a debate.  How can you be this inept?
Fuck Trump
Hillary Rodham Clinton is a sympathizer of Islamic Terrorist.
YOUR THE BIGGEST 30YRS DISASTER ON EVERTHING YOU'VE EVER DONE!
admit it all The Donald is the better choice, cannot lose vote him out in 4 yrs if no good!!!
Trump TRUMPED it!!!!!!!!!!!! woo hoo..hop on board the TRUMP TRAIN 2016!!
Upon the uproarious applause after this, Anderson shushed the crowd... "No Trump supporting allowed here!!"

@megynkelly 
Hard to believe that Megyn can bash woman when she does not know the truth. Megyn you should be ashamed
drop the Mic
Ask his contractors and T-university victims about who should go to jail.
POWER/SHEEP.  When is the last time you gave someone under a dollar?  Its only paper by a cartel. #BitCoin
Outstanding performance last night, Trump!
@dylanfenton2556 @HillaryClinton savage
@laroxi96 I can't stop laughing at this
let's go!!
this is so entertaining lol
yes Hillary
answer the question and look at the person that asked the question Mr small hands
@Trump4Catholics @HillaryClinton So so thankful!!  Great job ! Praying for you !!! You rocked and God helped you!
this debate is all fixed.  Anderson cooper is dismissive of trump to make him seem small
ARREST HER FOR FRAUDULENT USE OF BODY DOUBLES! #LOCKHERUP http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/10/double-trouble-why-clinton-must-drop-out.html …
you CAN'T really believe this
The best comeback ever!!!
No the lying b__ch is not above the law.
SNIFF SNIFF 
Take her away and lock her up!
Hillary Bill tag team thinks they are above the law
Donny , u can't threaten to lock up your opponent on live tv! That's just unamerican. #Debate2016 #debates
The Democratic Devil better get some aloe vera for that 

SICK BURRRRNNNNNNN!!!!
he just nailed it. You are Back
Best line of the night!! Debate over
true shit!! Lmao
No one should be above the law. Absolutely no.
STOP FOR ONCE LISTEN TO OLD 80 YR PREACHER 《STOP》 READ GOD'S WORD JOHN 8:7  @etnerr48
Make America great again?
love love love this! Put her Lying crooked butt behind bars!!#HillaryForPrison2k16
lock her up
