I can just imagine how amused China & Russia R watching Democrats childish reaction to the election.
Tell thd truth, if you had lost Texas by 15 points you would have asked for a recount
so you can refuse to accept results but when you win and someone else questions the result it is unexceptable?
She is showing you how to be a president.
DJT is anti democracy! Recounts exist to make sure results are correct which is critical to democracy.
Ha! Ha!
https://moderntokyonews.com/2016/12/01/islamism-in-america-and-egypt-brooklyn-imam-linked-to-qaradawi-group-calls-for-sisis-head/ …  here is an example of terrorism please face it Mr. President
now that you won, are you questioning the results???? Thought not. You are a joke!
Mr TRUMP, STOP TWEETING!
she's not even the one initiating a recount. Get over yourself and say something accurate for once.
Scared much?
the difference is your statement was before the election even took place. That's what is Horrifying.



"and then she" "and she" are you going to tell Melanie on her. such a little toddler pig-boy...sad
No need to pay attention to this, the guide is outdated and for those Liberal wanna be's.
so be nice cause u can be mean to ladies cause u had 3 dates
Just know your Twitter will kick corruption behind
Well she said that with ur son and grandkids I. Mind
hi there who cares what she has to say? I would totally ignore her....
Ypu do know why people are yelling rigged..right? Because you said it so many times.
STOP TWEETING A ND GET TO GOVERNING.  IT'S WHY I VOTED FOR YOU!!!!!#RECOUNT
Mind your business and I'll take care of mine.....Already showing he's more qualified than Obama/Hillary
You are truly horrifying, ignorant and unworthy. That will NEVER change.
oh.. shut up!!
She's unbelievable--looks like looking for the ''lock'er up'' to come to pass or something! Unreal!

And the funny part is Clinton is the one having issues accepting the out come of the election....lol
lol miss drama king
Hillary asking for a vote recount is like a prisoner going before her parole board. HA! Still a criminal, Killarney.
When you take the oath, go back on your word and investigate her EMAILS......
Hillary is adding more fake ballot to change the out come
That was before you encouraged Russia to get MORE involved in our election.  Smart,  Donald.  Real smart.
If you reply to your own tweet, it will stay in order. You can also use a image upload. Wait, do you make your own tweets?
I can't wait till you let ppl know how little you care and that's what makes you tyrannical I hope I'm wrong really I do
lol you literally put the part of the quote up where you wouldn't accept results unless you won bahaha dude no faith in you
Yes,  we know.  Don't you have something more pressing to attend to,  besides TWITTER???  Get OFF Twitter!!
Lay off the pipe,  pookie!
Idocracy here we go https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_obeR1OIm8 …
doesnt she blame Stein or other 3rd party candidates for taking votes Stein feels guilty now thats why she is leading this

Yea,Look who's calling the kettle black now !!
of course she did & America heard it, she is & always will be a two faced evil woman that will say & do anything for power
Blah blah blah. At some point r u gonna get over this AND START ACTING PRESIDENTIAL?#tweetlikepotus
you know nothing of democracy, you are a parrot...make America great again...how? Duh I don't know but let's make it great!
She is correct. You did refuse on National television at the last debate.
be a better winner
who, exactly, is doing what YOU'RE supposed to be doing?
She locked herself in hotel room to threw temper tantrum thats presidential material? !
Cant blame u i wouldnt accept the results neither. Recount will be fixed. She belongs in prison.
How can you claim to understand the fundamentals of the Constitution when you don't understand the fundamentals of Twitter?
YOU WOULD HAVE WANTED A RECOUNT.. AMERICA WANTS ONE TOO..
Trump goes on and on with his Crazy Nonsense that we should accept his election. Not a chance.
sir please legalies weed in all states of USA.
then talk to honourable @narendramodi ji in ganja legalisation in India. Plz
U SAID U WOULDNT RESPECT ANY RESULTS  WANT TO GO BACK TO THAT VIDEO?
Got o http://www.islam.info.tm  Read the Corruption, Lies and Prostitution Of Hillary  Clinton
#NEVERROMNEY
Its only horrifying when its in reference to the cheating party. AKA YOU.
And who is doing that now?  THEY intended to steal it from you.  They took you and the rest of us for fools.
go back and look at all the things you said!   God God grow up!   I hope tirade gets you out  Whitehouse...
#bigottrump
Recounts are part of the process.Trump would have wanted a recount and sued if the situation were reversed!
She did accept the election results. She is not the one asking for a recount
Someone needs to teach you how to tweet ya fucko.
Lock her up.
you PROMISED US the appointment of someone to make sure the cards are stacked fairly across the board.  Wow!!
Who cares? You WON, and I am THRILLED with HOPE!!
#RUSSIA
: Your current rantings indicate you have no interest in learning the true results.  You should want to be sure process pure
You said you'd keep us in suspense.  Now the left will keep you in suspense.  Suck it up.  And grow up!
@lynn_weiser Remember the statute of limitations for prosecuting @HillaryClinton is a long way off according to @TGowdySC !
u did say u wouldn't accept the results!! U also knew it was rigged for u to win too
this is the woman you don't want to hurt!!!!!!!
like she is not accepting the results?!?!
Clinton didn't ask for a recount. Jill Stein. Facts matter to smart people....oh right you aren't...
And you did say that! Be honest, this would have started 24 hrs after election day if you had lost! 
Blahblahblah. Save the Standing Rock Sioux Nation. Obama is not stepping in. It's time for you to do it.
Why don't you stop tweeting and get control over your embarrassing transition?
why don't you grow some balls, learn how to consider the interests of all, dissipate anger and build bridges not ur ego
Go figure!!

don't you have more important things to do

You are the true nut job of all nut jobs of all time. A childish buffoon and an embarrassment to our country.
And you said "I'll see" after the election. Try remembering what u actually said in your debate
To her, it is horrifying unless she is doing it for her own benefit. Such a hypocrite!
yet you could teach the generals somethings huh. I voted for you don't make a fool of me
you should prosecute her to the fullest extent of the law!! Take it out please

PUT YOUR PHONE DOWN ACT LIKE A 70 Year old. 4 yrs of this really??????
What liberals think and say apply only to others....not them
I think you kinda forgot who you dealing with these people can't be trusted they got a way of living that we couldn't even
no on Romney, Donald....please!
It's the people who want to recount. Not you!
trump said that he would accept the outcome of the election
So many tweets!

Horrifying is Clinton plotting since election too long overlooked by Govmt. H. will run for Senate . Free America fr them!
REMEMBER WHEN.... https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/trump-wont-commit-to-accepting-election-results-if-he-loses/2016/10/19/9c9672e6-9609-11e6-bc79-af1cd3d2984b_story.html?client=ms-android-americamovil-us …
HC is not supporting decision of the people. We don't support decision not to "hurt Clintons." Prosecute!
Well this is nullified if one side clearly cheated, you bozo. She didn't know it at the time. You lie about 3/4 of the time
You should resign like Nixon did before you get caught. No golden walls in prison Donald. Winners never cheat..
NO grown man needs to resort to childish twitter wars and mud slinging. GROW UP and be an example to your people..
They are the Clintons - please take this threat seriously.
Jill Stein is the one contesting the vote count, not Clinton. You need to get better news sources than Brietbart.
Stop trying to understand what decent people do...it will give you a headache.
@TKPvikings
@TKPvikings 
Hillary Clinton Audio Here!
http://observer.com/2016/10/2006-audio-emerges-of-hillary-clinton-proposing-rigging-palestine-election/ …
and you absolutely would not have had he NOT won the E-college. The people,as a whole, spoke! Just saying.
then she said,then you said, then she said,then you said, then she said... sounds like early stage dementia
she did respect result.  You are the one casting doubt.
How the Kochs won 2016
http://politi.co/2gAqtC9 
WORDS...words....words...I believe in action and results...
so happy you won! I was worried for Americas future with hillary! Nobody pays attention to anything she says! :)
I say lock her up
WRONG
Don't let her off.  Have the DOJ reopen her investigation.
All you are doing is stirring up more of your many mentally unstable supporters with this. Please stop. #voterfraud
This is why prosecuting Clinton is a must to restore true law and order.   It must be done correctly and justly but done
return the favor.  Reopen the investigation on her now! She deserves justice, I am thinking 5 to 10 years of it.
PLEASE LEAVE SOCIAL SECURITY AS IS. THOSE LITTLE $1,200.00  CHECKS MEAN WE EAT. THOSE CHECKS ARE NOT WELFARE. WE WORKED.
PLEASE TAKE CARE OF HEALTH CARE CHANGE NOW. LOOK AT MEDICARE AND COPY. SO EASY. HELP US. COPY MEDICARE AND YOU WILL BE DONE
i love u
and look what's happening now, she's not accepting the result, give her enough rope to hang herself.
you are horrifying
Unless there's something dirty on Denmark.Darlin' we all know YOU rigged the system. Me thinks thou dost protest too much.
Go after Hillary and no more mercy.
Mr. PEOTUS, please lay low and build a great cabinet.  We'll handle the wacos, fake news and minutiae.
Then again you know she is a 2 faced old lying HAG
Recount? Crazy? I think you should assign a special prosecutor as you mentioned before.
And Clinton should go to jail.
Yeah well it's the people that are saying it now! Not Hillary different ball game & one which you can't spin .
What she stated tells you what a lier she is and is not g
doing what she said you would not do. Get rid of her please.
no credibility left in her.
can never trust a dem, at their best or worse. The biggest demagogues
if I remember you never said you wouldn't accept the final result  you said we will have to see first
So we are suppose to watch you lie,still,corrupt and do nothing??
doing a recount has nothing to do with conceding the election
@rondbusa 
THE LEFT WAS CHEATING IN WISCONSIN. IN SPITE OF THE ID LAW
Finally a real man for pres. Already working hard for us. God bless Trump
everything that comes out your diarrhea mouth is horrified!!Like Satan!! No one want you around! Just come out on Halloween
Really - big words coming from a man who called the election rigged repeatedly. You are a pathetic and sad man
Donnie get some help you are losing your grip on reality!

#NeverRomney #NeverFuckingRomney
