@JoeLipham Yeah because 56 years of "hardline" isolation worked out SOoo well for freedom in Cuba. SMH
, We Cubans people thank you for the strong stance against the CASTRO dictatorship
do you know about the healthcare in Cuba and the literacy rate?
what freedom? This is how you Trump want to rule in the USA.
a direct betrayal of Cuban American voters in Florida.
Oh, is that right??  Back to being Slaves to "Filthy Rich Criminals" of the USA!  that would be freedom for who? USA B/S!
Fidel is the heart of Cuba, you are a fool who knows nothing about Cuba. Castro legacy will live forever!
show em how to lead Donald, but watch your back!
Peace out
Yes! I am sure glad sanity is coming back in the Presidency!
Sure worked the last time didn't it.
Shame on you for this regressive, outdated, retrograde position.
Concessions? Like fruit punch and pie?
@Jaimegraves18 
Thanks for following me goodnight.
for sure! We stand together
@getsmarty stop tweeting and saying shit you won't do. Perverts should never have this much say so.
you don't consider Clinton a pervert with all his extra marital affairs ?
they are both terrible but Trump is really over the top
Why does calling Trump a pervert automatically mean Bill isn't? People need to stop being team players in politics.
Amen! – at Sargent, Tx
# What do you know about suffering when you attack women sexually ?
you go Donald
Is this your way of admitting that you did indeed break the Cuba trade embargo, which was illegal?
How about restoring the freedom of choice you took away from your victims?
Please stop with the voter fraud!  I donated to your campaign and already voted for you. I don't like to back a loser!!!
Here again you show that you are a know nothing.  Opening the markets in Cuba is the best thing for the people of Cuba.
why? Is it because your illegal deal went wrong in Cuba?
we need you so bad
you don't know anything about the people in Cuba. Tell me more about your political plans and strategies?
@cnn @foxnews @msnbc @realDonaldTrump The Cuban ppl hav sffered mainly due 2 US embargo; howevr, being n industrious ppl, they hav endured.
Stick to the Issues, NOT THE TISSUES! Immigration, refugees, Taxes, Border, Economy, Jobs overseas, infrastructure, crime.
yes. I agree
Watch killings  Reagan  learn for wed.
That's done a lot for the Cuban people over the past 50 years....good job. #FascistPig
your contact with Cuba is unethical.
think you can get your foot in the door and open a hotel or casino?
Donald Trump’s company violated the U.S. embargo against Cuba http://www.newsweek.com/2016/10/14/donald-trump-cuban-embargo-castro-violated-florida-504059.html …
Will you deport Cubans that arrived illegally? 
#DonTheCon
So they can struggle for even longer?
Did you or someone on your behalf invest in Cuba during the embargo?
Your executives were in Cuba last June *before* Obama's executive order. What was that business visit about? #uspoli #p2
yes, status quo has been working out well for them...definition of insanity, doing the same thing & expecting diff. results
U will find freedom&concessions all you can think about should the DOJ seek TREASON charges post Nov 8th for IncitingRevolt
it seems that everything you communicate that vaguely resembles policy ideas, are all contra productive and will weaken U.S
English → Igbo → Latin → Norwegian → English
@realDonaldTrump
truth!!
I think you forgot the footnote: *until they want to slap the word "trump" onto the side of something (and pay you).
This is a Big issue in South Florida.....
will you be building a golf course there?  Can't wait to plunder Cuba
Because it was working so well for the several decades prior???
BS, The minute you can get your hands on a nice free Golf Course ...
Continuing their struggle will be your course of action? Brilliant!
political prisoners should. be freed, prior to any concessions being made
Why would that work better than showing them first hand all that America has to offer by opening Cuba to America?
That plan has worked so well for the previous 50+ years before Obama made rational decision to open Cuba to America.
in the toledo blade in ohio today . Clinton's staff trashed 108 rooms of the white house when they lost to Republicans.
Another one of your bullying tactics. Obama did the right thing by building bridges so it would benefit its people.
what the hell is your problem? Sanctions lifted and u want to bring them back? Ur a new breed of crazy.
he did that already. But you didn't let laws about Cuba stop you, did you? #68,000spentagainstthelaw
yes more of this kind of thing. What about geo engineering the atmosphere. RI is suing the fed over geo-engineering.
wanker
Yes...a policy return to total failure. Moron Trump..NO foreign policy smarts. Totally clueless and dangerous.
Cuban people hate you Donald, along with all other people who have a working brain. 
@TeamTrump @IvankaTrump
@etor2756 What about the Freedom to see American Tourists?
#whinylittlebitch
You're not going to reverse shit, because you're not going to be President!! Ever!! LOL!
please call out Hillary at the next debate on all the things we're learning about her from wikileaks. The ms media isn't!
What exactly does that mean ?
so for 50 years we ignored Cuba.  How did that work out for their freedoms?  You are so clueless about foreign affairs.
And do biz for your own profit thru the back door? SAD!
Give it up...your headed to prison.
you sad hypocrite
I'm sure there's $ in it for you. All your actions are for personal gain.
.@realDonaldTrump You weren't all that concerned about Cubans when you tried to associate Mr. Cruz with the Kennedy assassination.
Newsweek says The Donald illegally traded with Cuba. http://www.newsweek.com/2016/10/14/donald-trump-cuban-embargo-castro-violated-florida-504059.html …
#hypocrite
lmao wtf
BRAVO!!!! Im@Cuban-Ame & fighting for you till the end!!!GO TRUMP
TRUMP 4 PRESIDENT NOTHING IS WORSE THAN BILL CLINTON  AS PRESIDENT HAVE ORAL SEX WITH SECRETARY IN WHITEHOUSE DISGUSTING!!
Trump will help the struggling people of Cuba by renewing sanctions, because sanctions have worked so well.  Yikes!
Says the man who illegally courted Cuba to build a casino.
Good move. Obama felt he had to do something to be remembered by. Let their country find what they want, don't but in
so you can do business, just like you did illegally already.
what do you know about struggle?
when you've become a meme and everyone who comments on your posts have the emoji 
you don't have to reverse Obama's executive orders they expire of the day he leaves office
Are you kidding. Stick to the facts Trump. Thanks to Obama this stupid embargo will end. Americans deserve better than you.
says the Man from his Mansion in the sky. They've been waiting on America over 50 years...
sure toy will and pigs will fly http://www.cnn.com/2016/09/29/politics/donald-trump-cuba-business/ …
YOU ARE DONE SO PLEASE STOP TRYING TO ACT PRESIDENTIAL...LEAVE CUBA ALONE STOP TALKING POLICY CUZ JU ARE A 4KING AZZHOLE...
The globalist Clinton and Obama now just sent more jobs overseas to Cuba , soon no borders if Clinton POTUS

The American people are struggling because of your hate and anger. Your making America the opposite of great.
you're a spoilt child, in a way I feel sorry for you. The mirage of wealth has has attracted people who never call you out
FEAR HAS CAUSED SO MANY PROBLEMS, BUT HAS NOT SOLVED ONE YET.
Trump crashed the embargo between USA and Cuba which is a federal offense. We would be in prison for that.
@gardenla and the media no longer brings it up. They could crash him. Wow!
is this the total Cuba policy today? It's so hard to keep up.
rapist
withdraw #drumpf
you won't reverse anything Donald cause you're going home after November! #hillary2016
Good about time
Isolating Cuba only made them suffer more. They are now beginning to enjoy freedom. You lack of geopolitical knowledge.
WHAT? LOL!
Obama should have been impeached and imprisoned!
#TrumpInCuba
what does make America Great Again really mean?
stop
.@realDonaldTrump The only good deed of Obama: Cuba. It will be ur duty 2 improve it in a good direction.@Pontifex can be a great help on it
The AG is looking into your attempts to make deals in Cuba, right? You're such a hypocrite.
dont listen to haters and grab them by the pussy!!! Quit please

please be quiet
pu**y!
WE WILL BE NUMBER ONE
https://youtu.be/PfYnvDL0Qcw 
deport you back to Borneo.
investigate Bill's son story.
Pope Francis and President Obama are on the right side of history.
Poo-Tee-Weet?
how? By bringing an autocrat, populist punk into the White House? sounds like a terrible idea
of course you'd strengthen ties to Russian allies like a good Russian spy #HailHydra
baiting the floridians :/ ,
#MakeCubaGreatAgainLOL

Yes cigars and rum will distract the masses. You're a little late to party Donny. Looking for new talent to grab?
of course you trying to have your children get casino's there 
Clown
I notice that since you posted this, Obama has gotten on the band wagon and is lifting some sanctions.
idiot  
dt, maybe Cuba would take u in if HC appoints special prosecutor 2 investigate ur business deals? No Star #DJTbatcrapcrazy
isn't freedom started with trade and removing our own blockade?
let's not rush into anything here. I like where this is headed
Cuba's regime is same as #Russia's. Embargo #Putin, arm #Ukraine, restore order and justice. Kremlin to tribunal for #MH17!
yes because embargoing #Cuba like we have for the last 50 yrs has really helped the people & negotiations. Show ur taxes!
More bullshit from the bullshitter
Mr President, ( and I mean that from the bottom of my heart ) 125% you NEED TO STAY ON DEFENSE...
this is a terrible idea.
he is destroying the GOP. Perhaps it's intentional.
tu si eres idiota y no sabes nada de política exterior!!!!
idk if anyone's told you Donnie. Cubans are brown people. brown people are bad
Sexual Predator
We support and trade with many horrible dictatorships,stop interfering with other countries dammit ! Trade for all
great job Mr trump
you're an orange faced, thin lipped, racist, misogynistic, megalomaniac. Good luck with that
as if you care about cubans or anyone that isn't white
why the fuck does this rapist apear in my timeline!
grab him by the pussy.
delete your account.
tweet me or Facebook. All of my posts are there from, educators, phds. Grassroots, phenomenal information documented
MAKE MCR GET BACK TOGETHER
Womens concerns. Common core, anti. ADOPTION not abortion. These are real strong issues, they are fighting in 50 states
to send hannity and friends, we have so many closed groups anti common core, adoption vs abortion. I can share some names
Common core, adoption not abortion. These Results two topics, women will get on board. I have access to closed groups,.
Keep the people of Cuba poor & isolated until they magically become free. Maybe in some other world that makes sense.
You need to call me 8434229311   Please!
@mike_pence @IvankaTrump @MELANIATRUMP @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @billmaher
I like it! Now we're getting rum and cigars from the commies? We won't survive her presidency!
I wish you would look into getting rid of all the executive orders as they only apply to members of the government.
so you'll make them suffer longer and in isolation?
we the ppl will make sure the lies of Hillary r caught. Take the gloves off/go/4 her emails. You will clear/your/name.

oh I get it he needs Florida votes so he's making it sound like he cares about Hispanics. How did he get this far?
MrTrump need u 2win Can't have my fam go thro4 more If ur up twenty in polls. She got u. She cheats. Make usa believe again
how will a fat old broke sexual predator do that?
u are a traitor to America.
