There you go Sir. Back on the trail. Expose all the HRC lies!
just like the lie about Obama being born in the US? #facepalm
STAY IN TEXAS!!  GO TO MEXICO....LOSER!
the Mexicans would end him. As would every other country aside from Russia and possibly North Korea!
Welcome to Texas!! Texas and Texans VOTE TRUMP!! #txlege #MAGA #WomenForTrump
how rampant is inbreeding in Texas? That would explain your tweet.
I am in San Anton & heard JulianCastro was protesting U being here. Him & his lying twin brother switched places at parade
We have faith in you Sir. Be strong.
Last stand?
@spradlinok Come back to Arizona, dont let them take our proud n free state! Home of Wyatt Earp! We need Law and Order!
Why don't you stop by while you're in town, Donald?
please prepare for this debate.   Don't shoot the messenger.  Preparation is the key, with accurate facts. 
Donald, you are a loser. Give up.
He's not in Texas!
RALLIES DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT WIN ELECTIONS! YOU SUCK!!
So the same can be said for Hillary then. Oh, it applies only to Trump. Got it. How foolish of me.
you deplorables have already said Hillary was losing because of the size of her rallies. But how are those words tasting?
Keep focused on making America great. As the truth leaks out, Hillary, her campaign & media will be exposed.  We will win!!
You are the Sun dispelling the clouds of economic and political darkness!  You will win because light dispels darkness!
wishing you good luck
Glad there's a "Florida" for you to return to!
go home Donald
Stay strong, but praying you pivot once more to policy and how we will #MAGA. Let Ryan Repubs hang themselves on their own.
Watch out for people throwing chicken bones!
mr trump, did you know that crooked Hillary had a lesbian affair in the 70's with yoko ono if you want google it
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
ADVERTISING YOURSELF - OK. DO NOT COMMENT ABOUT OTHERS ON TWITTER! REALIZE YOU HAVE IMPULSE CONTROL PROB. LISTEN TO STAFF.
an Umpalumpa?
ummmm @FBI
Safe trip.Ace this. You have us.
come to Detroit one more time. Detroit great America tale of how dem policy and racism don't work. Less government is more
welcome to Texas! Go Trump!
When are you releasing your returns? Audit excuse is a LIE. Sad!

.@realDonaldTrump The Art of Losing Bigly is a going to be a best seller when it comes out next year.
@ernieHHI 

Be prepared, blitz of women wanting fame or payoff.. Supporters SAVY so ignore. .ISSUES! Mini-Trump cute! MAGA!
KEEP AT IT MR. TRUMP!!!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
FLORIDA STANDS WITH YOU 100%! Had it with THE ESTABLISHMENT leaving the GOP after this #Women4Trump
I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait.
he's like the pervy uncle girls hide from at family gatherings.
and you will NOT win this state either...
come back soon to my home state. Safe travels our champion.
https://youtu.be/MkTw3_PmKtc  never say die

Good luck! Hope you get a chance to meet with @marcorubio for some Cuban dick. No pussy allowed.
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
rally huh? Do you wear a black or white hood for that?
maybe you will be eaten by an alligator with any luck
I never heard Hillary Apologize to the Benghazi victims parents!
Did George W apologize to the 60 embassy killings that happened on his watch? just curious.
George W is for Hillary so I guess birds with the same feather flock together!
The point is when he was in office & The GOP loved him, no one accused him of being a killer.
Hillary says she's for blacks and children yet she turns away Bill's black son!  Clintons lie!
paternity tests proved he is not Clintons son years ago. You're grasping at straws.
They never did test!  The magazines lied!
You're done, deviant, so done. Polls are plummeting, women loath the mere sight of you. Women are #53% of voters. Bye now
This woman backs Trump!  I guess you would rather have a rapist in the White House! Disgusting!
Trump is a rapist. He's raped Marla and Ivana. The Dec trial for raping a child will prove more.
Hillary got off with deleting all of those emails so the truth wouldn't come out about her!
Fer crying out loud.. You equate emails with a President who's as likely to goose May's genitals as hand
No, but do you excuse Bill's sexual deviance? Do you support the killing of full term babies?
Rape is a crime not matter who commits it. Bill is not running. Trump is a rapist. Babies killed?
Yes, Hillary supports aborting full term babies!  How can anyone support something like that?!?!
You were so embarrassing at the debate
He was not!!  He put Killary in her place! She needs to be in jail! You wouldn't have got away with what she did!
not long till you lose now is it? can't wait!!
One of the hags rented friends? >
 https://stream.org/astroturf-outrage-machine-of-paid-trolls-floods-social-media-to-counteract-negative-news-about-hillary-clinton/ …
Ladies! Get in defensive position! @realDonaldTrump
in Slick Willy's case YES-way 2 many 2 be a "coincidence" Lying HRC made sure charges never saw the light of day
"Legal Authority ". Surely you jest. Since when did the Clintons need authority to be underhanded

lol
good please leave #Texas ! #hillaryclinton you can come anytime!
After telling you just donate to textbooks for science and social studies and don't run I missed getting to see you! #POTUS
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
REMEMBER THE SENIORS IN FLA DONALD. MANY OF THEM THERE
bullshit X
dt, u lost FL, it goes to HC per poll. gonna start tossing fruit @ u down there wear the bag suit & redtie #DJTbatcrapcrazy
@jamesplake721 YOU NEED FLORIDA...SO GOOD LUCK. HAVE A SAFE TRIP. AND, STICK IT TO HILLARY GOOD.YOUR AMERICAS
NEW LDROFHOPE
Big freakin whoop!
How many are you paying to show up?
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
dad
Enjoy a good texmex lunch before heading out.

who cares
..I think u would get more of women's vote if U would be FOR A WOMAN'S RIGHT TO DECIDE. U don't have to favor abortion.
adios MOFO
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
Mr.  Trump you have the chance at the ultimate "close" here. Lock up the the presidential post! WE NEED YOU.
I work in customer service mr. Trump and absolutely everybody I talk to here in Amarillo Texas is voting for you...
Leave all those Republicans that don't have your back. Just worry about the people as they are the ones who are voting.

Go get them Florida people are smart they don't want that CROOK/LIAR IN OUR HOUSE!
More tapes coming out. Get ready to be arrested.
The movement has begun..  Hilary has more protesters at her rallies than supporters. TRUMP HAS MASSES NEVER SEEN BEFORE
BURN BABY BURN
Can't wait to see how you talk about [important voter demo here] behind closed doors, or whatever.
Nice to see you're spending so much time in the important battleground state of Texas. You really have your shit together.
concentrate on the positives you offer America.Economy,security,education,energy! Forget videos/negatives, look FORWARD
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
Now that you're sure to LOSE, we can sit back a little and really enjoy the comedy. #losermentality
Thank God! Your ugliness isn't wanted here! #militarycityUSA
no Cnn spending all there time trying to ruin you . It is horrific.
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
I'll be there in Spirit
where in Florida?
and Hillary is probably just getting out of bed
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
all is BIG with you ... even your loss will be BIG, actually COLOSSAL!
stay away with your venom. Take the short but to hell.
talk about real issues, we no longer care about Clinton's past, don't waste our time and urs
Not BIG... yuge. Haha.
#TicToc
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
We never miss your televised rallies. Your the man Donald.
make sure you pay off the fire marshal. They get really mad there.
im calling the DEA have them search your plain for your blow!!! Ur going to jail!!
OUR COUNTRY IS A FUCKIN DISGRACE WE VOTE OUR CANDIDATE IN AND THE CORRUPT GOVERNMENT SILENCED US PUSHED US OUT WAY! TRUMP16
Who give a fuck?
MrTrump,Pls talk more about making America great & don't waste so much time on insults.We know media&Hillary are horrible
Why bother?  You don't get airline miles when you fly your own jet.
Trying to get the news out Mr. Trump! Make America Great again! With God's help!
you are the Bill Cosby of politics
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
Good luck!  Rooting for you in CO!  :)  Excellent debate, btw.
outstanding. My home state. Remember, massive amounts of veterans, retirees, college student, and Hispanic communities!
.@realDonaldTrump please don't.
Stay strong , a lot of people are still behind you and not "Crooked,  Crooked Hillary and "ZERO FOOTPRINT" # GUN RUNNING!
you're terrible
US BIG TEXANS LOVE UZZ BIG NEW YORKUZZZ! 
so it was YOU!  Good riddance!
you're just on an ego stroking tour now. Lol MASSIVE LANDSLIDE coming November. #maga #trump #gopisdone
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
Don't forget to play a round of golf and make sure to fish around those marshy shorelines for your golf ball.
we love you in Texas
God bless you and many thanks you will make America Great Again
next time your in htx stop by and say hi mr president.. would love to meet you chat about jobs
it won't be big enough.
Bye! Did you pick up a taco bowl cuz that's probably all you're gonna get from San Antonio, sir!
wish I was there to c u give them hell
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
Texas loves Trump!
I hear the alligators down there are real friendly.
Go get them in Florida your a winner.
drop dead
blaming Clinton for sex scandal. Maybe u shouldn't have left the press on tarmac, played them for a free hotel commercial
#LOSERDONALD Get out of my state!
i love me some Texas boy
let go
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
It's funny Media is such lies . They keep saying Hilary is way out in front.. Hahaha all lies..
GIVE'EM HELL!!!!!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
Mr. TRUMP you're a brave man but the mighty USA has already fallen to the great corrupted" liberal media complex"

.@realDonaldTrump currently in the Alamo City.
Fabulous rally in Iowa by Mike Pence. Great choice Mr. Trump
Bigger than your hands?
American z full of foreigners who don't luv their country.. coz they know u want to make American great again ..
get back on message, leave McCain and  Ryan alone they are elite trash.
Don't forget to grab some pussy.
Good luck in Texas, maybe they can help you with that Narcissistic Personality Disorder mixed with Affluneza.
The people are with you to the enddddd
hillary sold the middle class to highest bidder.  That is what she is hiding
Thanks for the warning.
Less than 30days from election and you're having to campaign in Tx?? Hahaha delete your campaign-it's OVER.
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
you Mr Trump is what American needs
thank you for fighting for us all
it's gonna be the biggest rally in the history of rallies. It's gonna be uuuuuuuge. Trump steaks for life! @Nadocomedy
in my city!!
Say "Hi" to Rick Perry for me!
It's Mashed Potato Time!

https://youtu.be/rymx0xPHr2Q 
Intermodal Ships and Fleet Line $137.478 Billion with 2 or more modes in competition with world merchant fleets ...
stick to the issues and you'll win issues issues issues
by BIG you mean 3/4 empty arenas?
you're losing Florida. The map is changing. The Republican Party is so broken. Do u know how to work with anyone?
The Trump Train keeps rolling along..Virginia is on your side
at your service
stuggle,be a me ,I vote you
go away !
STAY IN TEXASS WE DON'T NEED YOU BACK!
didn't you mean to say BIGLY.
someone  take away the #twitter #password from #Trump before he kills the #GOP brand. #StopTrump @marklevinshow @tedcruz
go get em' Trump we r with u , don't get rattled We got this We r Going to WIN
the Dallas liberals were on the news crying about Trump showing up to Texas
can't stand Washington insiders and corporate media.. no one is fighting for average Americans.. vote trump
I wish you the best. Please stay on tract with your message about making America great again and forget the trash.
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
@martydrinksbeer Go Trump
F traitors
Go Donald Go!
we are looking forward to your visit. Spotted this sign in Plant City tonight. #trump2016
just voted for Trump. Nevada residence
you're done

Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
Why? You have already lost.
WINNING!!!!!
I hope whatever method of transportation you take has some sort of horrible malfunction and crashes. Violently.
