the DRUDGE poll?? Haha, very reliable #loser #nevertrump
Can't handle REAL results, you brainwashed fool? @RedMennace @realDonaldTrump
another CNN sheeple, CNN is a safespace for un American political correct Nazi's lol
I think you were using the word Nazi a little too liberally,,,,,maybe crack a book or something
governments that publicly push gays off buildings and give women no rights..
way to regurgitate the same old rhetoric
sovereignty in favor of a globalist agenda which will in essence transform us into a 3rd world ctry
while Donald has a tantrum and launches the nukes
don't turn on TV. Media making hard push for leftist agenda. Not even covering the issues!
as always! Trump for our next President!
you lost you fool!!! You lost all three debates. Why? You're a fool.
maybe you can find something good with Hillary. Why are you not there giving her praise.
???
#Drudgepolls are bull.  Wait for a scientific poll to reveal your #failure. #delusionaltrump #Hillary2016
Also, stop being a statistic and learn how to write an insult.  Proper English would be "an ass". You are "a" fuckface.
fuckface
Yeah.  If I were as uneducated as you, I'd definitely stick to the one word insults.
funny I have a 4 year degree
From #TrumpUniversity no doubt.  It's ok you got butt-raped by @realDonaldTrump.  I hear some support groups are forming now.
Good evening Mr. Trump, I'm watching my local news and the elections office is sending out double ballots - Bakersfield, CA
WRONG!!!  You lost your ass!!
"drudge poll"?  Hahahaha. In your dreams.
lol even drudge has her winning 25%.. u r toast
you lost the debate #dumpstertrumpster #dumptrump
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!  Seriously Trump?
Dude...that was an awesome debate performance!!  Great Job.
Huh. So we're back to believing polls? #debates
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. Loser
keep elections free of rigging and fraud show your i.d. on nov. 8th in solidarity for fair elections. #ShowIt
Drudge Report ....YOU LOST ALL THREE DEBATES. SAD!
you won't  be getting this vote!  I'm voting for the nasty woman!
drudge online poll? Bhahahagaha
59 Clinton 39 Crump Cake

More bullshit from Mighty Mouth! Let him talk, fact check what he says, then publish THAT! Everything he says is BULLSHIT!!
let me guess you believed her when she said 33000 gun deaths a year, or obama lowered national debt by 2/3
The CDC figures so far for 2016 are 11,761 gun violence deaths and 22,000 suicides, not 'gun violence'
CTR is rigging the poll daddy type polls! Hillary shills on damage control. Nice work Trump, you won #BigLeague 
Great points made tonight. Definite Trump win.
@ 400,000 Uncounted mail in and drop off votes not counted in AZ. Officials are saying they started to count them Nov 1.
Saying it could take days to count.
Make America Great Again https://www.sunfrog.com/Make-America-Great-Again-60387756-Guys.html?76061&shelloff …
Drudge?  A joke.  You lose.
I hope you'll lose so bad Mr. Hitler
hahaha drudge poll is for idiots
"One of the performed like a president, the other as a failed sec of state" @MayorRGiuliani  #priceless #lockherup
Hahaha hahaha rigged poll.
Thank you for your courage and tenacity. Priceless.
Trump won & Hillary seems to forget in 2000 she supported Gore who even refused to accept the officially certified results

Drudge was spot on !
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA#Debate
keep believing it donnie, you're losing BIGLY
, test out the Fox online poll. Comes up that Hillary one, much like all the others. And you can't call them lib media
And a year later, look at the absolute disaster that is in the WH

Online @BreitbartNews poll has @HillaryClinton winning the #debate.

Is this the end?

…
WAHAHAHAHA JOKE!
thats not true
I like the swamp to
your one comment about not supporting the winner ruined the entire debate.
you lost big time
Dude you must have been dropped on your head. Not at birth. Like right now.
sorry, I am educated. He lost.
ated that need to stop talking. You're no different than Trump.
You know, Springsteen also does well on http://Backstreets.com  polls.

please support NYs own son Donald J Trump! #HillaryForPrison2016
CNN polls are rigged. Go trump
he quoted a poll from drudge im crying 
but you believe CNN I'm crying lol
CNN, MSM, Fox, ABC, CBS, NBC you name it. They covered these elections and have given accurate snapshots for
all mainstream media. The government controls mainstream media. The government is corrupt and your to blind to se
okay then get out of the country? Leave. Move. Whatever. It's over lol go somewhere else
just watch our country fall when she gets it. Lol
you said the same thing about Obama why should I believe anything the alt right says
Every scientific poll released after the debate said you lost. That's 0-3. Sad!
all the rigged ones lol. Find one on twitter that says he lost haha
bet you can't. Your going off main stream media sites
lmao. You have no proof Russia has anything to do with it. Going of what a proven lier sais
I hate you.
there's therapy for that!  Life will go on even after Hillary loses!  It will be ok!!
Drudge. Yeah right. Drudge can suck the corn out of my ass.
“Melania said this was okay — Grab em by the pussy.” #VoteorGrope http://www.voteorgrope.org  https://twitter.com/VoteOrGrope/status/788810705621356544/photo/1pic.twitter.com/xsPR7q1p3C 
grow up! You are laughing now but you won't if Hillary gets in. Bill actually raped and done the acts!
(leans into microphone) Wrong.
You forgot to sniff.
The country is still waiting for that first scientific poll that shows you winning a debate. #debates
find 1 poll other than CNN that says Hillary won haha. You won't find one
absolutely! No way Hillary will win.
Please tweet back at me the evening of Nov. 8 once results are in. Look forward to your response then.
I will bet Hillary wins. It's rigged. If you really can't see the government is corrupt then you need
Enjoy living your life.
yup I will as I watch this country go to shit while the government is sitting on millions
Have a good day.
you done a outstanding job tonight. Hillary bobbed and weaved every question! She is not fit to be President! Go Trump
seriously? Did you hear the disrespectful nasty woman and bad hombres? What's your opinion of grabbing the p.?
all of you are hypocrites! Holier than thou! Bet you have no trash in your closets. Get real
if you were an intelligent woman your opinion about Trump should be different. Clearly you are not.
how would you know? Takes one to know one! Lol your voting for a greedy 2 faced corrupt Looney tune!
@debra55555 their gonna steal it we will fight
this is a bogus results moron. Not scientific.
hahahaha!!! Because Drudge is a non-biased source for polls and news  #makeamericathinkagain
I sure hope you can pull this win out! We need your help!
Got his ass handed to him on a gold platter by a grandma last night. Glad I don't have to see his wormy face anymore.
.@realDonaldTrump #TRUMP #CLINTON Drudge Report a conservative media outlet fact Clinton garners +25% on your turf means you're almost done.
Ha.   Keep in your echo chamber and see how it works for you.
Hahahahaha
If you believe that, I have some Swamp land in Florida to sell you.
A VOTE FOR TRUMP =  VOTE FOR FREEDEOM
Drudge is not a real poll.
mailed our ballots in can't wait until your sworn in.
YOU SMASHED HER. OHIO LOST MILLIONS OF JOBS IN STEEL AND AUTO INDUSTRY,  PEOPLE COMMITTED SUICIDE.  THEIR DEATHS ON SWAMP
wtf source is this
I hope you getting in the  damn swamp
drudge? You really must have tiny hands!
#NOWAY!
#DrainTheSwamp means #Congress becomes populated with complete Blank Slates

Like Obama & Hillary

@realDonaldTrump
"There was a fairy godmother.  She was so hot.  I got new shoes and grabbed her by the pussy"
#TrumpBookReport #LyingDonnie
did 5 people vote you deluded soul?
...Drudge?!! Right! Muhahahahaha!!!
Man busting out at the seams! Can't wait for Nov 8!
Rigged?
you LOST.. when are you ever going to face facts.. You can't handle defeat..
drudge online poll is #rigged
that has bin robbing you blind, or do you want to make america grate again for everyone, it's a simple choice
if you are still following these online polls your delusional mind and fevered ego are even more dangerous #CokeHeadTrump
wow. Really great source you have here. #liesonlies #downwiththetrump
- "wrong!"
Truth will Trump lies and corruption! 
Poor Donald, sadly wealth does not create intelligence or class.  That line skipped you.
a drudge poll is your  idea of a fair and balanced poll. Maybe you really are a coke fiend
https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/Psalms-20-6/ 
MR.TRUMP Wonderful job. MR.TRUMP.  THANK YOU JESUS CHRIST OUR LORD FOR PROTECTING MR.TRUMP .
Drudge has no credibility. It's not a scientific poll.
Wow, you won a Drudge Report poll...SHOCKING!
Congratulations Trump!
Trump is going to win this election by a landslide. Americans are smart enough to realize Hillary is as corrupt as it gets
Check out this content
Republicans despondent that Trump threw away final debate - POLITICO:
dream on
DRUDGE poll ?
That is so  funny. You are really deluded
why don't you just make your own twitter poll? The perfect electoral turnaround!
Donald, you did it! You contrasted her out and she even told the truth just how liberal she is!
.@realDonaldTrump Wow.... My #BigBrother is losing the #RWNJ vote. Even 25% of #RWNJs prefer #HillaryClinton. #DISASTER #SAD
.@realDonaldTrump #PhonyPoll like everything you say and do!
yes yes yes !!! I am jumping up and down right now! Your amazing Mr Trump. Thank you
More Bull Shit from Trump the Chump.
that is hilarious. U live in ur our reality.
is this like that Breitbart poll? Lol Oh boy.
“@realDonaldTrump: Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA#Debate ” #fb
drudge poll.   LMAO
nope, the nasty woman kicked puppets ass
Wrong

.  You and your son are delusional.  You have opened the door to in investigation for all your assets n your son knows it
u cannot win this election..u r temperamentally unfit to b anything..just sit back n kiss women..n boast about groping
giggle

drudge report - morons writing for losers
LOVE IS SOME PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
bots!
Another phony worthless poll. Are you kidding?
Nope. Check again Loser
delete your life
#I trust you to keep our country safe from terrorist !!!
Oh hey, once again you "won" a poll held by a CONSERVATIVE new aggregation site.  Maybe there's bias in there, hmm?
that's not America. That's Drudge.
you def didn't
Mr Trump you were on point you nailed it.
.@realDonaldTrump I hope you finally win an Emmy for Best Actor in a Comedy.  You're a joke to everyone in the world.  #YouLost
Lies, Lies, and more Lies. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmpXPy1JgvI …
wow.  only 74% on Drudge???  that's a big lose dude.
Bottom feeder website of no merit
but you don't trust polls
Winners and losers from the final presidential debate - The Washington Post
https://apple.news/At6pLHNyZRl-xlmOahlSUyw … #cnn say #hillary #won
that is an alt - right poll.  Come on be serious
drudge poll isn't real. Clueless.
dream on
Why not quote the Trump Tower Tribune
God Bless America and he has your back
#Delusional
. Stop using these fake poles. The only one that matters is CNN and you lost!!
the amount of voters from this poll < the population of Pittsburgh 

 congrats, your book club thinks you won
Another fake poll. Thanks for nothing.
:this poll
yo Donald chode-city here we come, right?
if you think you won that debate you're dumber than I thought.  Please drop out now.  #DoMeASolid
You are living in your own reality.
ho ho gonna take a lot more than 20,000 votes lil guy
you were Awesome Donald. So Proud of you. Love you Donald
won the debate only in alt-right bubble. He'll lose by landslide, claim the election was rigged. #TrumpStopWhining

as usual ... you are drunk

Trump won hands down! I still wish he had said the women were paid $100k to $500 by Clinton Foundation to trash Trump !!
Agree!    Trump totally won and showed himself as BEST choice for potus
you lost big time suck it up big guy
you and those silly online faked polls. No wonder your losing. #NeverTrump
lol. You think it's a great poll because it's in your favor. The same people could say Hillary and you'd kick and scream 
@HillaryClinton  Deplorable Donald sucks at debate and gets his ass kicked, again, by Hillary. #wherearethetaxes coward?
HAHAHAHA!! A Drudge poll??    LOSER...
Um @realDonaldTrump the fact 1/4 of Matt @Drudge's readers of @DRUDGE_REPORT voted #Hillary2016 won 3rd debate shows how badly you're doing.
I got better Donald.
HAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHA. .. you wish.  Stick a fork in Chump. He's Done
yeah, Drudge is a great "news" source.  #MAGGOT
Rapey @realDonaldTrump you need to drain the swamp between your ears.
You're quoting a Drudge poll? Seriously? You are seriously lacking intelligence Donny and making a fool of yourself.
I don't see Hillary bragging about poll. You just said yesterday,you don't believe in the poll
not a scientific poll dummy.
LAUGHABLE AGAIN
well done Mr Trump the people responded when you talk about her horrible record keep it up
You wish. Spoiled little brat. Cries when he doesn't get his way.
dilusional
another poll where your mindless supporters can vote over and over and over. You know, CHEAT! That's your way, loser
Shame they're fake and he won't win
