Tax returns, Bro Bro.
@Margsbelle1958 They're on a roll today! lol
I don't consider skin color when I vote for people. Hillary is the only rational choice.
I already have a great job. Very happy and content.
GOD BLESS TRUMP
such small thumbs!? Weird.
http://www.tzr.io/yarn-clip/04b80f07-19ca-4415-a110-e92583f70618/gif …
two thumbs up your a$$
For literally anyone but Trump
@brendaaroman
do I look fazed #MakeAmericaGreat
You are the leader, God willing,
Hillary is everyone's BFL...BOLF FACED LIAR!
.@realDonaldTrump yep, South Carolina lets vote for d lewd,sexist,tax evading,nuke proponent,Putin praising,terror opportunist.So Sensible!
#loserdonald
SC proud and cannot wait to cast my vote for you.
Never fear. We the people will.
Loser.
since Paul Ryan don't want to support you and support the house, tell your supporters to stay home on election day.
they will but not for u!!
the Iranian version of Trump 
Unfortunately he's not president any more ,you two are same 
LeL
LOVE IT  !!!!!
Why do U lie to your supporters.  There are not enough of them for you to win.anyway.  STOP DOING BLOW.
We still love you. We still believe in you. America still needs you!!!
im praying you rip clinton to shreds. Win tonightvTrump for all us gay repbs. We back Trump. Lock her up. Lock her up!!!
@pastormarkburns the only people in SC that likes you are those fake people at that fake church of that fake pastor Burns!
Lead down to only 5 points. Now look to margin after p-gate is factored-in before Town Hall!
We do. But not for you.
yup vote for #Hillary
We are thinking about your state and hope everyone stays safe from the weather.
You are winning in the cradle of the Confederacy, no one is surprised Carter was last democratic candidate to win it.

.@DonaldTrump_Rev @realDonaldTrump That makes them smart, according to Donald.
It's makes you smart to be a public serpent and me part of the 1% by making speeches...
English please.
It's suppose to say servant but in Clintons case she is a serpent anyway.
Nice save. NOT!
Please ask public forgiveness about the tape. Campaign  is part of your personal journey.
thanks Donald received my gold card today
trump supporters will be on hand to help with the pussy grabbing on election day.
yeah! Get out and vote #Hillary
Your not sh-t, to be a man and talk to women like they are trash, if i was a support of your i would'nt be now.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-recorded-having-extremely-lewd-conversation-about-women-in-2005/2016/10/07/3b9ce776-8cb4-11e6-bf8a-3d26847eeed4_story.html?postshare=6361475870515092&tid=ss_tw …
Mr. Trump, The Media thru Hillary are trying to say it's over with you. This is BS as the Liars try to depress voting for U
@WesleyRickard We love you here in SC
All of the socialistic countries have failed or are failing!
The free enterprise system and the constitution made this country great and free!
@ChristieC733 DEPLORABLES THE MEDIA AND @BarackObama IS ALLOWING ILLEGALS TO VOTE WE NEED TO GET OUT AND VOTE 4 AMERICA!
Yes we will come out to vote Go Trump!!!!! South Carolina let's get ur don
@barbeekinnison vote to save Trapped Nigerians who are praying/ hope on positive government of USA
We need extra voters to ward off dead people votes & illegals.
Still deluded then?

yes, get out and vote for Hillary
Yeah
For Hillary
-- Pls let us not allow this Nov election to be rigged!
clown
such a liar
Don't thank me. I'm voting against you and encouraging my friends and family to do the same!!
please do a good job on this coming debate I don't want her to win!
all my friends in South Carolina are voting for you
I am from S.C. We love you!
#DonaldJTrumpforPresident, #Trump2016, #AlwaysTrump,
Mitt Romney had 54%. How does it feel that Romney, who lost, owned you in all these states you're crowing about
Yes, every Latino and African American needs to vote!!
How about Pennsylvania? Because you can't get to 270 without it. #TrumpLoser

Your doing great keep up the good work!  Don't get caught in Hillary's trap.  that is what she wants you do do.
and vote Clinton
Obviously 44% of South Carolina voters are either Morons or Domestic enemies of our country
@highflight53 Texans love Trump/Pence
Never
On Nov 8 voters can either vote for the horses mouth/"Trump" or the horses ass/"Crooked Hillary"!

mr. Trump you are delusional
SC? Seriously, this is your silver lining and good news? Boy you're in worse trouble than I thought. LOLOLOLOL
FALSE POLLS AGAIN
doesn't matter what the polls say, psychopath Hillary Clinton has already been chosen.
I don't know how those knowing LSM bias believe their polls.  hillarITy is in deep, deep trouble.
we've got your back here sir! Hey, note to self: check HRC's podium prior to next debate. She's such a cheater!

POLITICIANS LET US DOWN
PAYBACK TIME 
TRUMP 2016…
might be better if you had propel helping you besides kellyanne and guilliani and Christie
Yes, Mr Trump is the best: vote Trump to make America safe, strong and great again!!!

Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
yes vote for Hillary. Trumps a tool bag.

i really hope you win.
This shows the tremendous momentum Donald Trump now has. Trump will lead America back to greatness. #TrumpsAmerica
http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/299447-poll-clinton-up-10-on-trump-nationally … Clinton up 10%
vote vote vote Trump jobs for all
America is great now & be even better when our citizens begin 2 accept love & appreciate each other. #ImWithHer #VoteBlue
This election is about more that H or T. its about complete rejection of the status quo & the media ! VOTE T !
seems to be the answer to every ? Put to either dem candidate.......about any subject
gee mr trump I didnt know your tax returns were so powerful that they could solve all of our country's problems that
Can we get a Trump rally in NYC? Let's take this town too!
We will vote for Hillary on November 8th. Don't worry!
If you have to remind people in SOUTH CAROLINA to get out the vote then you must be a terrible #GOP candidate. #Loser #SAD
The People Are Awake and is not backing down. Please, help Trump/Pence clean DC corruption. VOTE!
@risetoflyy I'm in SC and there is 0 chance @HillaryClinton is at 44% here
Tiny thumbs. Pence for President.
haroldT.Martin III.stole higly classified NSA (under STate Dept.Supervision)documents,charged http://W.GOTV.PROPERTY  THEFT
Now that's a "shit-eating" grin
@Zedd444Zedd 

PLEASE GUYS HELP ME RETWEET THE TWEET BELOW 
I've been RT'ng for you all oo
Its my turn RT please just RT 
I know I can get 3K RT. B4 2mao 
Do it for a brother  
Hillary is a liar, I know her, I know her cheater evidence.
Many @realDonaldTrump supporters where I work in SC.   We need to protect American jobs and workers from #China #Mexico #NAFTA #TPP
Congrats on only being up 5 points in a state that hasn't voted for a Democrat in 40 years.
Good for South Carolina.  People all over have had it with the pay to play politics and cheating of the left.
sure south ,north carolina,texas,arizona,arkansas, All deplorables in USA!!  REST OF 45 STATES!   HILLARY!!!
tell me pollsters do not know that Trump margin is bigger! why not , opponents persuade polls are opposite to shown here
Buffoon!!!!
your not gonna need to worry about this state.  We got your back
wrong, you will win 100-0.
oops sorry trump
polls show Trump even loosing to HRC in SC..not buying the Art of the Con
ill vote for u trump.. But make sure the clintons are held responsible for their body counts an bush for his ties to 9-11

Polls are lies.  Everyone person I speak with will not vote for a collusive corrupt criminal.
You can lie to yourself, but we catch you in your lies...
- Another tweet NOT made by Donald Trump, as he does not even know or remember when election day is. Lie upon lie...
Need massive turnouts to counter the voter fraud that is going on, Dems only have to keep it close to steal!
u can have that deplorable state
For America to regain back their past glory days .....they need to vote  D.Trump .
Phenomenal! @realDonaldTrump is leading in a deep red state! And by a landslide 5 points! WOW!
Sunday you need pound THE CLINTON foundation have your FACTS on the fnd. Ready destroy her on FBI 5 with destroying laptop
.@realDonaldTrump U'll get the red states but that won't get u the election. U r deadly poison 4 the country.
you and your fantasy world. 
THUMBS UP IF YOURE LIVING WITH HERPES
Thumbs up if you're living with herpes

#bringbernieback
WE GOT YOU COMING STRAIGHT FROM COLUMBIA, SC 
ooh yeah Donald, we will vote you out..
bah ha ha ha! You're a loser
NOT VOTING FOR YOU. EVER.
Hillary supporters can vote on 11/9/16
ВЫ ГЕРОЙ, ГОСПОДИН ТРАМП !
he want it so bad hired fake polls
@ronnieressler THE NSF is for you, thank TRUMAN
- SC WILL be there voting for you on the 8th! Almost everyone I know is voting for you (with VERY, very few exceptions)
