Did I happen to mention you Cirrhotic PeePee Trump is an XYY individual? I mean that's a syndrome. @patrioticpepe @realDonaldTrump
that's clearly faked
Clearly not. And that's the real reason for his deferments and not getting a masters degree.
he spent years building a better life for his children and didn't have time for college
LOL He inherited everything and couldn't even get a masters degree nor any of his children
Hilary is an evil liar Donald says stupid shit but who puts the American people at more of...
Trumpaloompa has no further project other than profiting from infrastructure &waterboarding
YOU CAN WIN MR.TRUMP

DON'T LET THE MEDIA KNOCK YOU DOWN!!
You want this scammer to win? Watch before replying:
do you feel slighted in some way by Mr trump, because you are misplacing his fear of illegal immigr
I'm not even in the US. It's funny to see how anyone votes for a scammer & liar. Hilarious!
oh, your a foreigner. we are justifiably scared of foreigners because we have unusual amounts of
I'm not even in the US. Look at my "Location" Trump supporters have low IQ. 
Trump supporters don't have a IQ, you are giving them to much credit.
are you saying that I support Hillary Clinton?
oh wait! you used the word "technician" to make it sound real to the less aware?
if you support Hillary you are the "most unaware"
Take some BP meds.
BP meds...thats all you got geesh
For you? yes.
figures...mindless Democrat can't think on their own
Your usage of ellipses is excessive.
I'm just mirroring Hillary. ..queen of ellipses
sexually assaulted women and bragged about it. #maga
Greatest Hits & Lies!
He LIES about Clinton's gun stance.
LIES about immigration 'flood
LIES about his wealth, debt,& taxes
#DrainTheSwamp
why doesn't anyone ever talk about Pres.G.W.Bushs 22 million emails that was lost and Embassy attacks? ??
More hopeful optimism from @realDonaldTrump
How is Hillary able to walk away with destroying evidence? We are asking why she is free of this?
Sell your strengths tonight as if you are being interviewed for a job. You made a living by creating jobs not by talking.
Check Comey's bank account.
Maybe some RUPLES were deposited?
Michelle Obama: Strong men who are truly role models, don't need to put down women to make themselves feel powerful!
do you know what a server is 
so how's building the wall going? I need to know so I can smuggle my Mexican prostitutes in and out of Mexico efficiently

Poetic justice demands Trump be taken down by emails. #KKKarma

 https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/michael-cohen-used-trump-org-email-stormy-daniels-arrangements-n855021 …
WikiLeaks shares Trump's tax returns!
@timstv
so you are going to decide what to show we can watch ? Dictator trump ! Great
stop already! I will be so glad when I never have to see or hear from you again
never mind ok she is a woman with a heart ! Not cold coooold like you ! Melania must be stupid !
At least we know about lots of what she has done, meanwhile he could be hiding things he has done in his tax returns.
How in the world of Federal laws did Hillary Clinton. Get away with destroying her emails. How?
says the guy using an UNSECURED phone! #Hypocrite
The Dems don't care but when she dies or goes to jail they will have Creepy Tim Cain to deal with and 100 million illegals.
Good luck tonight, but you don't need it...you are this Country's Savior!!
you're going to lose BIIIGGGGGGGGGGGGG
ALREADY 1,000,000 VOTES PLEDGED! @realdonaldtrump  http://donaldjtru.mp/vote-for-trump  #VoteForTrump #DrainTheSwamp #YouGotTrumped
Well when you want a job done right steal it your self
Will you be able to keep Putin out of your thoughts tonight Donald?
#weakdonald
-- Is tweeting the best way to prepare for the debate that you have to win to get elected?
This IS his preparation. Winning the debate can't save him at this point anyway, and he knows it. Such a loser
Trump debate: Get's asked how he will fix Apples = Spends 2 mins talking about and blaming oranges.

we are so close to becoming like the USSR and East Germany. Younger people can't remember those times.

No accountability for Hillary is atrocious!.She needs to repent before the american people
'what a tangled web she weaves, when first she practiced to deceive'; but she can't deny war record! stop #HillarysWars
well I wonder if G. Bush used the same thing?  22 million deleted...........
http://constitution.com/wikileaks-breaking-scandal-upon-scandal-media-ignoring/ …

What a disgrace, Their damn liars

It Seems our courts are pretty fucked up. We Agree will agree with you Mr. Trump.
#ImWithHer 
#Debate
do'nt blow up. Talk plans good luck  do'nt get in shouting match
Does the O be in White House not on in N C or Fla.
And she is so smug about everything – laughing at the Smith dinner about what she has done. Such evil.
if Hillery go to jail I guess we have to for kain then !
Why are the Democrats trying to hurt and impeach Trump?When you have a liar and spy that walked away. Hillary Clinton.
Yeah. Tax returns.
Yeah. Benghazi.
Yeah. This.
grab her by the pussy.
Hillary doesn't even know what planet she's on.
You can edit that in a second and put your email address on it. Are you real or a fake ignorant ?
You're not fooling anyone.
#Debate tip: Try your hardest to go the 90 minutes without sexually assaulting anyone. @realDonaldTrump
I'm sick of hearing what a fuck up Hillary is we get that people want to hear what you're going to do 
MAGA
He's been telling you what he's going to do. Rallies, on his website.
I know I love him I'm really sick of hearing Hillary's name emails we won't win #MAGA We will

Multiple people took the 5th.why were all these people able to walk on a Federal case.
what's the GOP come to electing you as the candidate, youre a disgrace and an embarrassment to not only your party but USA.
Bleh. Come up with something new.


that's pretty good

Hey @realDonaldTrump , no one cares about Hillary's emails. Check the polls. But people do care that you are a serial p*ssy grabber.
http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=39997 …
Dream on. You'll wake up from your nightmare on the 9th of November when @realDonaldTrump is making his concession speech
What was that?  

I hate memes with bad grammar and bad spelling. Oh and incorrect content.
um who cares but thanks for playing
https://youtu.be/57qTegcMT3g  CNN cut their feed under mention of crooked Hillary's scandals through wikileaks
I'm so sick Trump. I am Not interest in this. DARN!  What is happening to you.
BFD....*yawns*
Lets get the wikileaks article links up on your website.  Your counter tonight when she starts the fact check response
DESPERATION MR DRUMPF
uh huh, have yu never deleted email?  Your acct must be a mess..release those tax returns!  Itx easy!
#HillaryLiedUnderOath @HillaryClinton #PutHerInJail
YOU DESTROYED EVIDENCE 10 YEARS AGO ..#MAGA #NEVERTRUMP #STRONGERTOGETHER #UNITEBLUE  #DrainTheSwamp
Yaaa, not even close to Killery and 36k bleached bits. #DrainTheSwamp
SAY NO ONE IN POLITICS AS EVER GONE LOWER THEN HIllary calling every group of americans terrible names not once OVER&OVER
Nothing surprises me with her!  She is so embarrassing to even be a candidate!

do you have anything else to say other than emails emails?! Yawn. Your gonna lose. Hahahahahahahahah
@timstv talk about the wall the 15% tax rate America goes from the highest rate to the lowest rate in Western Hemisphere
you cannot prove that and you're a pervert so?
waa waa waa Keep the cry call going you loser. waa waa waa  emails, waa waa  private server, waa waa LOSER
Focu on economy-security-military, Just ask viewers to review corruption as per Wiki. How can Bernie let his people down?
PROOF that @HillaryClinton LIED "under penalty of perjury." #Yuge #LockHerUp #debate
isn't Klayman a pedophile? Rapists and pedophiles seem to be Pals of trump the rapist
sadly most people are okay with being lied to. That's why Hillary is winning..IMO
Lock Them Up 
Lock Them Up 
Lock Them Up 

@realDonaldTrump
Give her hell tonight Mr. Trump and make her wish she hadn't even gotten out of bed! #MAGA #NeverHillary
FOR LOVE OF GOD FAMILY AND COUNTRY VOTE TRUMP!
what's it matter, she got away with it!
will you grab her by the pussy and show her who is boss in the debate later on? @DailyCaller
You said people who destroy emails in private sector go 2 jail. You destroyed emails in a lawsuit.
oh my goodness so many things...WIKILEAKS

If Hillary needs to take a whole week to prep for a debate how long will it take for jobs,Isis, etc
stop fallowing Helary in debate you like sick man
Going after her wherever she
Muve
you have so much substance to put her on the defense her corruption work while in government as an high level officer
And you are just bringing this up now.  Chatte!
then joked saying "use a cloth" and giggled. Giggled in our faces!
Hey dumb ass, shouldn't you be studying?

Good luck tonight . Everyone knows what a con artist she is. Stay focused and calm. You can beat her. She's weak.
you will win the election as per my calculations.......so you need to tell everyone what is your plan
and u grabbed pussies. Hmmm
don't you know when you talk low class like that and use those words it makes you look low class 2
HRC emails Pagliano her IT guy saying her unsecure blackberry doesn't work, same one she doesn't recall!
Go Trump! Beat Hillary the puppet of the establishment & prevent the satanic globalism!
Hopefully he didn't grab her by the pussy or move on her like a bitch.
Mr. Trump... You must go on the attack like you did in the last debate. Please mention wikileaks as much as possible #MAGA
Wikileaks, bill clinton being a rapist and the clintons treatment of black people should be your narrative for tonight
Buddy, please don't stalk Hillary tonight. You look stupid doing it. Trump2016
Let the obsession go, Donald. You blew this election, big time. Just move on. Please. Do it for your children, Don.
#trump says POWs are losers. #ohio #florida #virginia #arizona #texas
Follow me if you support Trump!
@AC360 Nice job media Almost cost us a country 20 trillon gone known crook in run for office as MSM HIDES the crimes #riged
Enough about her dam email already. Donald Do you have Dementia. You're acting like it.
you touched woman!
BEST in the WORLD
Not a vetted story

yawn.
Mr. Trump, your attacks are low class "National Enquirer" garbage that just point to how unworthy you are to be POTUS
Oh !, the Daily Caller ...no slanting going on as a source of information .
https://friendsofsyria.wordpress.com/2016/10/11/its-over-hillarys-isis-email-just-leaked-its-worse-than-anyone-could-have-imagined/ …
.@realDonaldTrump do #deplorables only read your misleading headlines & insane conspiracy theories - they recovered tech support exchanges!!

You destroyed email evidence when getting sued. What's your point? http://szo.us/2emuMAx  #trumpClownShow
whinylittlebitch
how long can this go on before the evidence is enough for the @FBI does something?
Feels like listening to the  LP .@realDonaldTrump that got stuck. Can someone touch the pick up?

@DailyCaller
And you sexually assaulted many women.  Which is worse?  LOCK HIM UP!  #DumpTrump
You do understand what 'deleted' means? #Gone, never to be seen again.
Get something more original - been there gone over that MULTIPLE times - desperation for a desperate man.
you will lose B I G L Y
It's sad how pathetic your Reality TV, "National Enquirer" approach is to your campaign.  It proves you unworthy to be Pres

.@mpplvt @BowersRoma @lindalynnRo @MFL1956 @Cubs1959 @Bvweir @merryDw54 @WatersCmw @jenbeccyRN @mdbmama @Gdad1 
please tell the people tonight what's really going on!!! expose the elite expose George Soros!! you got this #LawAndOrder
Focus on the economy tonight! I have talked to quite a few people that are most interested in what you will do!
Shouldn't you be preparing for the #debate instead of retweeting conspiracies like a 14 year old girl?

http://www.dailynewsbin.com/news/republican-leader-admits-he-altered-documents-to-frame-hillary-clinton-on-benghazi/22856/ …
she is so corrupt.  election is def rigged
He bleach bitted it while she wiped it with a cloth. #DrainTheSwamp
I didn't know that she had deleted emails. Thanks for the breaking news!!
Thisnis what we are going to see a lot of on November 8th. Get used to it. It's failure. You're familiar.
What and how will you eliminate "excessive" increase in healthcare premiums planned for 2017?
Whining whining like a girl
#
#ImWithHer: An Open Letter To #Hillary Clinton, From A Dad With a Daughter: Thank You | People's
Here's this guy with his fake twitter post again
Emails
Emails
Emails
Emails
Emails
Emails
Emails
Emails
Emails
Emails
Emails
Emails
Emails
Emails...
   
More silly stuff....you can't even produce a tax return, You're most secretive candidate EVER!

Too bad that there's no longer anyone able to enforce our laws and maybe do something about this. What a shame
2night on 
Benghazi say,"HILARY WOULDN'T ANSWER 300 SOS calls. As President I will Answer the 1st  SOS CALL
Anyone else who's acted like Hillary would be in an orange jumpsuit in a small cell with a metal toilet awaiting trial
and you are a pathological liar who constantly needs validation that you have YUUUUGE hands which you grope pussy with...
Hillary Clinton violated 18 US Code Sections 2071 and 1924. She cannot legally hold US Govt office.
agree
Yes, If she is such an innocent person, why would she delete emails, hammer phones. People Wake Up Vote Trump!!
Mr. Trump, tell moderators to focus on national issues not personal ones. No more personal stupid questions.
You deleted emails in sex assault case after getting court order. Who was wrong? BOTH
Yes we agree.  Without that true smoking gun, HRC will continue to deflect.
The mother of all deals D I WILL NEVER ACCEPT Hillary as my POTUS. Bring it home 2nite, U nail it.  B FIRM, B A gentleman.
Follow us if you want to #maga! Together we can Make America Great Again!

Good luck tonight Mr. Trump!!! We love you !! You are going to be awesome as always! Just stick to what you know & beat her
You built a huge company building all over the world,supervised thousands,handled payables&receivables&overcomed adversity.
We're still waiting for your tax returns Donny. Have those been deleted as well?
Let God use you to the button of RESET to US, as an important part of a new beggining. Hear the sounds of LIFE! #RightWay!
*Beginning #ohsnap 
Let God use you to the button of RESET to US, as an important part of a new beggining. Hear the sounds of LIFE! #RightWay!
We're $20T in debt! How is Hillary thinking she's going to pay for refugees & their entitlements? Point-She doesn't think!!
#TrumpTrain
Isn't the real story that all we have is from 1 server. There were 2 others. Incredible arrogance toward  law.
And lied and lied abt it
Where's you tax returns.
