Would love to work in DC...
Hey #babytrump, quit whining and stop blaming others for YOU tanking in the polls! YOU are the problem!
but not surprising.
...and you just got caught quoting a fake email that the Russians have to wiki...You sir are an embarrassment
Poor  #babytrump."It's all CNN's fault! Boo hoo!"Face it, Hillary was composed & you looked like a schoolyard bully!
@KellyannePolls CNN is also fixing polls & admits it on air! http://newsninja2012.com/cnn-pollster-explains-their-poll-is-biased-watch-tapper-and-blitzers-face/ …
how far up your ass did you have to dig to get to that one?
try to stop lying. maybe start with just one day.
the first step is admitting you have a problem
One day at a time, man. One day at a time.
Do you have any sense of the truth?  Breibart has you in a ALT World
@VeronicaTesla @CNN  care to delve on this one??
no creo en nada de lo que sacan en un canal que da fondos a la campaña de la pro Isis
.   Alla tu si crees eso.
Never in U.S. History has there been so much #CrookedMedia influence to harm a Major Candidate. #MAGA
Agreed. And DJT supports every bit of it. http://www.newsweek.com/vladimir-putin-sidney-blumenthal-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-benghazi-sputnik-508635 …
people who vote 4Hillary ARE delusional; system IS rigged! They love having their 'ears tickled' like the Bible says!
AKA Crooked News Network!
Bill was so happy to see you last night Mr.Trump #KickingHillarysAzz 
not to mention the fly that landed on Hitlary, isn't it true that flies are attracted to shit and death?
~ listening @HillaryClinton speech, I realized she is more qualify to be the Anti-Christ than POTUS.
They set up a "F#@K-US GROUP" we are #WIDEAWAKE.

watching you last night was like watching a full blown psychological collapse. Sad.
CNN also stacks their focus groups w/ all Democrats. They admitted it the last time when they read the poll numbers.
more Democrats watch the debate than Republicans they said
Are you listening to the liar on Fox ?
your agenda doesn't jibe with america
your house will fall...because you create division without love
The media is a digrace/ corruption reaches far & wide/ even fox now
Bill Cosby????
not if he grabs pussy
I wonder how crooked those contractor's you screwed think you are donno?did I say screwed?

LOL....Now THAT is funny!!  Trump AND all of his deplorables are losers....and will lose on 11/8.
CNN isn't making Hillary Clinton look better you are

the American people are sick and tired of lying politicians. We need to restore America and our constitutional rights.
Wrong again thin skin. You must really be bored today. Getting your ass kicked by a woman is tough.
"fixing"? Proof please. Tax returns coward.
where is the proof? You say things but you never have proof. Suck it up butter cup
Delusional
Donald wow you down our Country the worst country in the world.Our country were fine till you raped it with HATE WAYS

. JUSTICE HAS BEEN SERVED! HOPE ALL THOSE PEOPLE THAT WERE GOING TO LEAVE, LEAVE. GOODBYE WOOPEE
@federicoalves @CNN 
Jajajajajajaja
.@realDonaldTrump YOU are➤pathetic + dishonest!
➤ABC Uncovers MILLIONS Of Payments From #Russia To #Trump, 
➤
The condos are known about and were already discussed by Trump.  Epic FAIL, troll.
Hillary ended you
Sorry Donny. Couldn't resist.
it's pretty good! A lot of people didn't like it though 
something not right he supposed to be #hung like #donkey great #art #greece #gladiators
all #respect show to  #YOUR new #leader #accept your new master #USA #larger #carrots
yet he tried to deflect a question to do with the sexual assault comments and bragging and the women who complained
you would like about your Mother! You lied about Russia hacking ! You were briefed!
The bias liberal media makes me want to throw up!
Like you were bragging about the online polls you won. The one your followers overflowed to give you the win
@Kamballs Well Mr Trump you will always be our President in good times in bad times that's for sure  keep Believin
Are you going to whine like this every day of your presidency? wah wah  #loser #WhinerInChief #NeverPresident :)

@CIA @FBI @nytimes @quicosenza  IMPORTANT NOTICE - COULD TREAT OF PROPHECY - MAXIMUM ALERT FOR DONALD TRUMP- Antonio Matragrano 
I think you may actually be mentally ill
He IS mentally ill. It's called narcissism!
They don't call CNN the " Clinton News Network" for nothing !
cc: @realDonaldTrump you tiny-handed fat pos
Six Americans won the Nobel prize this year in various sciences. ALL of them immigrants.
I watched it - that was a reporter letting the group know what was just said so they could respond to the question
I see someone is upset about the polls showing Hillary up 14% this morning.

Trump right now:
think you need to learn the difference between sexual assault and an affair
disrespect to women is saying because you have money you can go ahead and do what you want because they let you.
he said he does it.
Video is there.. oh wait.. As @HillaryClinton always says, "Nothing to see here."
It was a @CNN staffer informing focus group participate of the response they required.
Fair enough..
Didn't happen, Sniffles. Do you wear your tinfoil hat under your weave?
there is a video of it, you cant deny it
The woman had a hard time hearing in the room and asked what Clinton said. No conspiracy.
nice try. Reporter whispering:"America is already Great" Lady:"America is already Great..."
Donald, you couldn't tell the truth if it would save you money! You are a pathological liar who likes to assault women
Yeah @AC360 U people have lost your journalistic integrity.
The fixers are journalistic frauds and should lose Constitutional Press protection. 

#TCOT #CCOT #PJNET #RNC
ahh,Paul has left you hanging  oops
dude they don't need to do anything to make you look bad. You got that covered.
@wfletch65
CROOKEST TRUMP, FOR HOW LONG SHOULD AMERICANS WAIT TO SEE YOUR TAX REPORT YOU ARE ALTERING BEHIND. CLEAN YOUR SHIT 1ST
crooked Hilary pays her taxes legal or not if you aren't willing to pay for the U.S. you cant to lead it

Dear: Don't believe ANY polls ANY spin! MSM WANTS US 2FEEL LESS ENERGIZED...THEY ARE WORKING ON OUR PSYCHES: 11/08 VOTE!

Blame Game Lyin Don. You should own it and stop blaming everyone else for your "shortcomings ".


no one trusts these "news" networks anymore. This election is as much against the media as it is against Hillary.
You can never lose gracefully. It is always...whine..whine. Someone fixed it..someone is mean to you. Sexual Predator.
DJT sold his soul to the devil. Evil never wins. GOD is a mighty God, U will not win over those who love the LORD.
when u write #pathetic n #dishonest ur tweeting bout urself. 1 can only presume, u #clown. Did I mention ur a #clown?
umm...nooooooo!!! You're the one who is pathetic and crooked. You needs to chill aight?! #slayhillaryslay
Donald this does not surprise me & I cannot imagine the enormous force you are up against. You have my Vote God speed.
Hillary Crooked! what does that say about you , you were friends so you're crooked as well and worst Stop "grabbingP"
Wrong. You lost
Trying sohard & failing. Nobody loves you. @CNN
@YouTube there has been a usurping of our nation by the liberals and their media
you are now the Lone Ranger Candidate fighting for all the people against the Establishment! You are my Hero go Trump
@foxandfriends Fox is coving Hillary today.  Finally!
Do Fireside Chats every day online.  People think you are a slippery con.  Must overcome that perception.
Wow...you really are delusional & your staff afraid to confront you with the truth.
remember when Hillary offers
Help with student loan think Obama care
Why do they keep giving Sniffles a bad microphone? It makes him look so stupid. Then again DonTheCon is really stupid.
I'm calling on all trump supporters to not vote for any down ballot candidates ! Let's clean house and let the progressives
4 dead Americans, what does it matter at this point? Use it.
I expected no less from them. Corrupt News Network
No surprise there.

EVIL HilLlary
guess Donald is mastering the Kremlin art of disinformation. Such a #whinylittlebitch. Grow a pair Donny
WOW. You're still an agent of . Not of KGB as U wish. You're @PutinRF_Eng 's minion fool. You a national security threat
RIGGED Media,full of lies !!!
Ha that was so obvious!!! #KevinBone
Another excuse by #PredatorTrump for his loss. They keep piling up.
you should take a tax class from #Buffett before you try and speak on facts you know nothing about #HEPAYSTAXESYOUDONT
Only spoiled richie rich whiners blame the media when they lose. BTW, how does Putin's ass smell?
Keep it up, these are the kinds of posts that make you look great! You're going to win if you always sound like this!
#crockedhilary is playing on US Muslims fears
They should know their kids future is better w #Make_America_Great_Again
The choice is clear continue downhill with #crockedhilary and the media gang
Or 
Change with #Trump and #MAGA
https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2016/10/11/media-polling-fully-exposed-about-that-nbcwsj-clinton-11-point-poll/ …

And the polling
God always has a way of turn things around. Trump has insulted everyone. He is divisive, hateful and mean spirit.
unlike you hey honest Don.?
CNN = Clinton News Network
. They have invalid ballots already fixed to vote for Hillary in several states and some are dead people surprised
I WARNED YOU ABOUT LEFTIST MODERATORS. WHAT DID YOU EXPECT?? WALLACE WILL GIVE U A LAST CHANCE EVEN BREAK.
Wow, @realDonaldTrump got caught making up phony polls in order to make campaign direction less shitty @CNN
Please look this up read the article it will be the end of Hillary Clinton. Western journalism Marc turi. Iran contra agin
It's President Trump...sounds just right!
if trump and Clinton are stranded on an island who survives the answer is America just a suggestion


I was thinking the exact same thing ! hideous all of them! Had it in Ohio
did u see Megyn Kelly aka bimbo, shepherd Smith & oreily on Hillarys payroll? Don't give them ratings stick w/ Hannity
@deejohnston53 @CNN You held your own Mr. Trump & all that matters are the people putting you over the top Election Day!

Wonder if when I vote in this year's election, I can tell them to place my vote for @realDonaldTrump again in 4 years.
RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT MOST BE ROUGH ON YOUR EGO.
what do expect from CNN? They're the bottom of the barrel, the worst of the worst
Donald is bringing spring break crowds back to PCB
always heard you ignore s***  unless you step in it
@i boycotted those a.. h.les a long time ago,don´t matter theres FOX...
I hate that station and it makes me so angry what all the media is doing to you!
@KathyNschotschi @CNN NOT SURPRISED!
CNN is corrupt bias and being told to make trump look bad they never talk about hillarys crooked campaign.
Wow! You are really delusional.  You cannot accept that your #'s are dropping.
@MSNBC U hv to be the whiniest little bia ever!!  Ur numbers are dwindling, and so r u!! Special prosecuted for u!!!
their ratings are going down all Trump supporters should boycott
veryone at this TV station has sold their souls to the devil and they pick the wrong horse in the race #lockherup
of course
Your anger will serve you well my lord. #Sith #RiseOfTheFirstOrder
It's rediculos to think we can spend our way out of this. Reducing gov Building military less taxes would create more
has not said one bad thing about @HillaryClinton. 30yrs in government with nothing to show #facts 
so what about Paul Ryan?  Ryan has complete lack of leadership,  no unity skills.  What a joke.
We need to get the Veterans of our country to watch the polls on election day, making sure there's no "fix".
Mr Trump every time U speak with no intelligence or a recorded tape comes out Hillary takes the lead.
if Hillary gets president it will open up an anti-Christ like you have never seen.
she will make revelations come to pass even faster. She is not guided by God.
They are horrible and obviously in hiLIARy's pocket !! I cannot stand to watch that channel any longer..
Evading your taxes is dishonest, Trump.
so many against you yet you will win in the end.
talk about crooked D.J.HITLER everytime you open your mouth a lie comes out
@comedy_mike @CNN is it true, or just another thing you made up?
I @apple_ogize
Crooked Liberals, Crooked CNN and all Liberal media. Democrats, Liberals are our demise. We want back our country
Why should this surprise you. They're as dishonest as crooked Hillary.
For Many Women, Trump’s ‘Locker Room Talk’ Brings Memories of Abuse
Hillary had to pull in the RELIC known as Gore, to get a few enviro votes. All taxes, no weather changes
@LynnePatton @CNN Bill O'Reilly says 3 major news organizations told employees to go hard after Trump
: a classless thug Trying 2 scare us in2 voting 4 him-an entitled,elitist,racist,misogynist-dangerous,unkind &  w/o empathy
At least she does not sexually assault women.  You make me sick that we are of the same gender.
lol.  BullShyt! you know better bc you know how those behind the scenes details work. @CNN
fixing? How?
dishonesty must shock the hell out of you.  I liken you to honest Abe said no woman ever
Benghazi reports make public
@slone 
Remember,
Who were standing with you during tough times?
Who were standing with America during tough times?

us.
hang in there  you have my vote ..
An example of the rigged election!
Man you have some personal issues to deal. Take of your issues and for president in 2050.
The blinding of America #Sociolism #Communism #WakeUpAmerica #NeverHillary
they aren't honest either
Actually theyve been holding You up, they wanted aTighter Race.#CNN
What a sham; snake oil salesman ole Hillary is

it must *really* hurt losing to a girl for you. This is one woman you can't control. I love it. #Schadenfreude
Alicia Machado is one of the most beautiful woman on the world. Truth is she hurt your ego and u still can't accept it
bill o'reily backs you Mr.T. Watch his interview. Hes going to find out who corrupt media is. I bet CNN is at the top
