i & all of those who voted for You are waiting to see if You will fulfill your promises...
despite your distorted and inaccurate skin tone

"because of all the distorted and inaccurate media" <-- Fixed it for you.
There is no " we." Only you. Always about you. Always U, always. You, not  "we."  You misuse language to manipulate others!
if you don't I hope they will impeach you
congrats on the win. You & Mike Pence, will make an awesome team: Make America Great Again!!
*yawn* Keep spewing those lies. They're starting to buy into all of it.
mm
Except for the 3 million more that voted for Hillary. Hardly a mandate.
MR. TRUMP I KNEW IT WOULD TURN OUT LIKE THIS ALL ALONG, I AM SO PROUD OF YOU,  YOU ARE GOING TO MAKE A GREAT PRESIDENT.
You will always be three million votes behind and hated by most people on the planet.  Resign.
congrat
You're Welcome.  Now it's time to kick some serious ass to get America back on track.
America First......Finally!!!!
you won the election and we lost the country
vote for you...my rights were infringed thanks to methodist specialty transplant hospital, got clippedbycop
no, it was accurate.
You and your lemmings and toadies won.  But you bastardized the elections and used a foreign power to win. SHAMEFUL
thanks for running President!!!
An Anti-Semitic ‘Troll Storm’ in Montana, via @nytimes Pls stop this tell ur supporters u don't want this hate 2 continue
AMEN! #MAGA
@realPresDonald only wished I could have served during your presidency. I retired USN 26 years June 2011. Proud supporter
@DonaldJTrumpJr hillary still had close to 3 million more people vote for her! Yours is one of lowest vote %s to win!
http://www.cnn.com/2016/12/21/politics/donald-trump-hillary-clinton-popular-vote-final-count/index.html …
RUSSIA DID IT, UR PUTIN'S PUPPET #TRAITOR #SAD

God Bless you & Family. True Patriot gave up wonderful life to put America 1st. We will be great again with u at the helm
...And especially, spasibo to Mother Russia
.    Really?!
You, The MAN!!!
@DonaldJTrumpJr #nevertrump #freedomconcert
God bless the USA.
So if its against you, an opinion is wrong? So im wrong in having an opinion that your gonna be a shit president?
Thanks Don!! for the update. Don't you other more important things to worried about today and moving forward.
congratulations Mr. President
The only distortion in this mess is your brain!!
You are the reason I am terrified of living in D.C. now even though I have lived there my whole life. Congrats.
Yes the American People have spokenPresident Trump 
u suck as @POTUS but I still like u. Problem is that when u leave office....pence will take this country back to middle age
now live up to your campaign promises and HELP ALL AMERICANS not just ur rich friends Don
I wonder how you'll feel to be a public SERVANT. Ready to be my servant? NO? You're FIRED.

#theresistance
#fascistTrump
only by 29 percent of USA voted for you, just step down with dignity
I am so happy that you are now our President,
