Trump & Pence not only disrespected the flag & the anthem today.They disrespected the free will of the American people  & our 1st amendment.
You wasted money, time,resources for nothing more than a political stunt. Only one of many impeachable offenses you have committed this wknd

Agreed!
Why the hell would I be proud of ANYTHING associated with closet boi Mike!?
proud of both you guys!!! president Trump please dont say anything controversial between here and Nov8!memphis is 4u 1000%
I'm for Trump but come on be ready for the debates both Trump and Pence were amateurs and looked terrible.
He made his self a joke like you
We are Mr. President.  A very good choice in your selection.
in order for you to be prosperous,  what you ask in Jesus name, He will do it. Read the Gospel of John. Wow!
No one is proud of Mike. His parents are so disappointed. America is disappointed. Shame on both of you.
@David_Bossie
@Reince  VOTING TRUMP AND PENCE!!!
@Reince vote Trump!! Yes!!
I personally enjoy the ike side of the candy better
You do know that he's laying in wait to take your job right? He is running from your stink and sitting in your chair when your gone.
https://twitter.com/BurkettLaw  EVIL OF HOLOCAUST "BEYOND DESCRIPTION" @SwamSuperSpear @SecretSauceSatu @SixObjects @ShadesOfGrey50Z @cbdo17 #CYA #Z
"Won big" is a colloquialism. Avoid.
:very good！
through u under the bus but that's ok you returned the favor on Syria
I can't wait until the election is over. Mr. Trump you have done nothing but waste America's time.
He does it all on his own , he doesn't need anyone's help to look stupid
take a lesson how to act like more presidential person...
thanks for this thread. Gave me a whole new batch of trolls to block. LOL!  
block me daddy


Orange is the New Black
We the People like Mike!
Is delusional Donald continues living in virtual reality of his utopian universe of pathological lyes.  #trumpspeaks
please Mr Trump just stay on your message for the United States I am a woman, I don't want to hear what killer and media do
@luxorgroup WE are all proud of Mike PENCE.Please get out of Hillarys MUDHOLE. RISE ABOVE THIS GARBAGE WEWANT POLICY,ISSUES
Well, Indiana sure isn't!!
Donald. U you  kicked butt.on 3rd debate.    Give the queen of corruption.   He'll.  Or my favorite.  Name. For her.
Very proud of Mike, need u to keep preparing, go after foundation, emails, Brazile, Harwood et al

Video that appears to show @POTUS showing off his erection to reporters on his plane. but I guess trump is a creep right? #TrumpTapes 
Your lack of DC politics is not your asset, and Hillary will rub your face like a puppy. Grow up, please.
why didn't that phone team to a better job of vetting Trump so that these recordings would have been known about?
Am I really communicating with the Dictator? Oh I'm so excited.
@mike_pence 
Hillary is not be the future for our female or male children.  She defines truly crafted  deception.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKYmiWiNqOw#action=share …. Leave Trump alone corrupt mainstream media . I'm on the Trump train!
Pls look at the garbage on TV. that doesn't even come close to what Donald said in private. Our kids see this garbage!
u- took it to her cant wait until next debate!

@mike_pence am very proud to be voting for the winning team
Donald Trump the rapist please read and pass it on
you won the 2nd debate
@mike_pence great job Donald!
Trying to AVOID the question........ COWARD
Banter and being a man does not need Contrition.Hillary's Crimes & Obstruction of Justice due !!!!!
PRAY .PRAY BEFORE THE DEBATE!!!!!!
@ThePaulaJones pos!
@KDORR_USA your my man,don't take any shit from Hillary tonight,just ignore and speak on what your going to do
we love you both trump and pence
He took your stop according to party.They want to resign Donald Trump
Yep be proud of your VP candidate that never defended you.  Hmmm.  Problems?
Tonight Mr Trump will be the Winner of the #Debates2016 I know he'll show us how presidential he really is #TrumpTrain
Proud Mike Pence won’t grant pardon to exonerated Indiana man of color?? Christian values?
yep and not he is trying to find the escape hatch
@Reince not any more we're not. His sell out of you to the GOP is pathetic  he will never get my vote again.  No GOP will
ok trumpets
he did what you couldn't do! Loser! #shedraggedyou
I believe in you Donald you will be great tonight Hillary is a hot mess just do what you do best
Bawdy language,we men use.Hillary's Sins are Corruption,Justice Obstruction,and taking Money from Terrorists. KKK.Far Worse
And we all are. He has been a wonderful running mate for you.And I believe a great influence.God bless you. Mr.President!
@mike_pence @realDonaldTrump We love all love Pence and Trump <3
be very careful with Mike, he is being influenced by the speaker of the house and gop chairman
@Reince Mr Priebus YOU & ALL @GOP NEED TO STAY BEHIND TRUMP more than ever! Makes me sick how yall act like U are perfect!
You should get some pointers!
@OMAROSA Pence for president. Right? Oh 2020
Really? “And when you’re a star they let you do it. You can do anything. Whatever you want. Grab them by the p---y,”
'only entertainment'? Donald Trump's crude talk on The Howard Stern Show @CNNPolitics
Not entertaining Donald. "Okay to call my daughter a 'piece of ass'"
Today in history - Party of Lincoln died?
continues to be the moral center of the Republican party?
proud of Mike for sure. Super proud of him now that he is distancing himself from the pussy grabbing. Gross dude.
And Mic!
@OMAROSA Is he proud of you today?
anyone who thinks men of all ages haven't talked like this at some point in their life is very naive

, Pence threw you under the bus and then ran you over!!!
to bad he can't say the thing about you. that man would run fast away from you if he could.
@Reince u r the biggest loser this week. Shame on you. Where is the furniture though?
Bigly.
very proud of Mr.Pence
@pastormarkburns We ARE!
@KnowItAllLaw Teach Mike how you grab them by the pussy. He is new at this....not!! He is a loser too!#grabthembythepussy
we still support you
everyone has said and done things they regret
@Reince now u mr trump don't u hold back take it to her ...
BC lowered the bar years ago. Same MSM hacks told us people didn't care about cigars or stains.HC said it wasn't R business
@reince. RNC....stop the bleeding!   Trump out!!!!!!   His continuation ensures Hillary's victory.
no he didn't no one can win at all with u. U cheat everyone
.@realDonaldTrump and he ran off today speechless realising he is running with a sexual predator
#TrumpTapes #realdonaldtrump bow out you sexist, racist, jerk... you are an embarrassment to our nation.
they are suggesting to drop out!! No!! We need you!!! This country needs you!!!
You wish  #thatsall
We are very proud of you Mr. Trump. Thanks for sticking with us deplorables. God Bless you & your family.
Mike has man-size Hands.
he just lied for you all night. That isn't winning. #DangerouslyDeluded #DonaldChump
yes @mike_pence  won the debate with hands down.  Keep trucking - we will win the next two debates with @realDonaldTrump !
kiss him
. @realDonaldTrump  MIKE PENCE DODGED ALOT OF QUESTIONS
@Reince Good talk. See you in hell.
WE ARE!
go well
Mike Pence was uhhhuge. He should be on the top of the ticket.
@Reince
Home Run4 Pence&Regarding10/7-HiLIARy wants2Derail Trump-When Bill was Accused-Of RAPE~BIG Difference Words/Actions
@Trump2016Donald 

Seriously debate. Actions, hers, speak louder than words sorry for bad words. Is she sorry for Benghazi
.@realDonaldTrump yep loser.Fact is tht u r thriving on insulated losers from d Boondocks.Any1 sane wud've seen ur filth by now esp.tonite.
he is good if you really want to piss off CLINTONS let the HATITI RELIEF USE ONE OF YOUR PLANES FOR SUPPLIES.
You should, he lied repeatedly,like you
We Are
@Reince
#mikelost Here's why,..
we need someone to be proud of after listening to you.
How's the view from under the bus?
can someone just push these two off a cliff pls

32% would rather have @mike_pence as president how much does that hurt you donny??
HRC is plotting for Sunday.Not just crooked.Unscrupulous,nasty&in it for her.Don't take any bait...deflect deflect deflect
@KDORR_USA LEARN THE LESSON LOSER
#POOR_Donald he did so much better than you
Trump please stay off twitter post debate!
not exactly considering the demo ad that came out soon after
glory be to God. We are now praying for u to win big on. Sunday
@ryanglab We are proud of you also Mr Trump a wise man surrounds himself with wise councel.
@TeamTrump Mr Trump please do not tweet anymore it is costing you the election!
@Z3pp3in
@Z3pp3in
what planet are you on?
You need to take lessons from him. Cut out the arrongance, narcissm and ego. It is about US! You will be fine, we won't!
do the same!
WE  MIKE PENCE !   and  America  Mike Pence  !
The LA Times doesn't think so. One columnist called him an ignoramus! I watched it n I agree, he tap danced questions!
@DiamondandSilk never got out of first round one big punch and the clown was on the mat
Great VP pick! A testament to your good judgment.

Pence was huge. He should be President. He is a winner.
He should be running instead of you haha
why dont you step down and get some help

There were almost too many lies to count....but we kept score. 
it makes you all sound like Obama supporters did in 2008
pence won. Kain kept interrupting; and when pence spoke truth and facts about Hillary,moderator cut him of and change topic
Watch Obama deploy relief troops from swing states and leave them there past Nov 8. Like 2012. Military  disenfranchised.
Gov Scott has 7000 military voters he needs to deploy. Will they have absentee ballots for President, House,& Senate?
@KatrinaPierson You can't win a debate lying like you can't get a A on a test if you're caught cheating
lol just gotta wait for half of the trump voters being unemployed after you're taxed more than the rich. Okay it's your....
Pence did do a nice job. I am starting to really like the guy. He is earning his place unlike your opponent.
Mike is a winner.
Mile Pence is smart and articulate! His knowledge of world issues was impressive!
Mike ate Kaines Lunch! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA LawAndOrder #AllAmaericansForTrump
far out way to go mike
Even if Mike Pence had glued his mouth shut he would have won BIG!!!
Mike gave a great example of letting a crook hang himself.  Timmie's behavior should rebut criticism of you.
we are proud him but what is up with the media blackout every time you come on, twice today
I do agree
Pence doesn't care about you.  He's looking for his own ticket in 2020.
