@DailyPamphlet Only half right Data on NAFTA show net benefits to US Stop lying Donald
.@WaynesterAtl @realDonaldTrump I would question that data. Also, what would the benefits be without it? It likely throttled growth. #MAGA
You don't even know what it is or what I'm referring to Your mind is closed I'm not going to bother
.@WaynesterAtl @realDonaldTrump Hard to tell what you're referring to with no context.
Yet you "question the data" smh
.@WaynesterAtl @realDonaldTrump I question ALL data on EVERYTHING. Always.
http://statisticalideas.blogspot.com/2016/10/sea-of-faulty-polls.html?m=1 …
Biases are running wild these days!
Blah blah blah
There are more Winier's out there…she treats her staff like crap..more to the 12 page memo..stealing$ crime Org
build the wall with donated bricks from the Am people…Buy a Brick campaign…I'll set it  up when u win
NAFTA must be good because your hats ties and shirts are all made overseas. Making foriegn business grat again
That should be enough to convince everyone to vote Trump. Trump 2016
So True Going to tax upper class & middle class,higher min. Wage for job's That aren't here anymore ?? TRUMP
issues!!!
Trump now supports NAFTA.
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Vote Trump or get this for POTUS------->

Trump worst deal in history for GOP now they are drowning in Trump GOOP
@ryanahammond2 build a wall
you & your lover putin want to tear America down,hope you both choke on each spit
King Combover with orange skin is a tax evading draft dodging COWARD
ISDS part of TPP is horrible 4Americans. Internat'l courts would govern American trade and companies. #NO @KellyannePolls
Almost all Japanese are oppose to TPP. Let's make through this together! #No #TPP
log off
delete ur acct
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
build the wall w/ donated bricks by Am people…Buy a Brick campaign…http://Jobs.training , I'll work it when you win
you have no credibility with your contractor is. You have no credibility when it comes to your 13 year old sex lawsuits
@jjauthor only Corporate LAWYERS made out.
ALL THE RAVINGS OF A MADMAN!!!!
oh well I just can't help it, I wouldn't shake your hand, God knows where it's been
hahaha you crack me up... @HillaryClinton will #maga
hey tax evader, where was that tux made,Russia China Vietnam ?
#HillaryMUSTWithdraw #DrainTheSwamp
chinga tu madre tienes el nopal en la frente guey youre out
that wasn't her deal you're judging Bill Clinton you have the wrong Clinton you're wrong on so many things
I don't think she's too weak. Just too stupid.
I just heard Corey looloo is transgender, why not divulge this?
you & youre skanks on CNN make up stories and CANT  prove any of them
you've trains Kayleigh, Boris & kellyanne well, they lie as well or better than you
THE LOUSEY MEDIA INCLUDING FOX IS DECLARING HILLARY WINNER OF LAST NIGHT DEBATES.
that's why we don't believe anything they spew, we've seen the polling from last night  @realDonaldTrump
you have SCAMMED& CONNED millions
just what the fuck is "bigly"?
Lie. Hillary held no political office when First Bush Prez signed NAFTA.... Check yourself
- In big economic picture NAFTA not significant.
Hillary is contradictory because it does not know what to face the great problems of America.
you are correct sir.
She doesnt want to end illegal immigrants......she would lose votes
absolutely California! Texas Here! From sea to shining sea...or Gulf coast Houston!
Donald keep up the good fight
you go guy
NOVEMBER SURPRISE. TRUMP WINS BIG LEAGUE.
same shit same crap from Donald
mrs Clinton political philosophy is best described as Me Too
Boo.
@We_R_Trump NAFTA signed by a RAPIST @billclinton supported by a corrupt BIMBO    @HillaryClinton aka #Lyin'CrookedHillary
Attack DEM party as it is the head of the snake. Like mayor Daly in Chicago of old. Rigged corrupt gang
that's why Obama brought a house next to the white house so he can keep running the country GOD HELP US
again, she never answered the email question and Clinton foundation question.  Vote Trump!
bring up pay to play schemes!!!
You have no answers! You just say, it's a secret. You have no real answers.
now dat is truth...sir
She can't be that weak. She tossed you around the stage like a rag doll last night.
nasty woman!
Sorry Trump - you have no knowledge of issues , security etc. Dangerous for America
everything on earth is the worst disaster in he history of the universe according to you. Grow up & learn how to speak.

comrade Trump supports Putin
you are a looooooser
@882b53e0668c4b4 Spoken Well Mr Trump.
as if you have. Any experience in this area.. your shameful to your own party the GOP your a business man not a politician
@DarkStream it's no borders for energy lol - dumbest comment ever - had to dig deep for that one !!
@salted3 Heil Clinton is too weak to lead on anything.
FYI @HillaryClinton seems quite strong to me! And smart, educated, decisive, experienced & tough! Great qualities to lead
and money, must keep her out of the wh,thanks for a great job last night. Most people don't understand ,her crap
Hillary looks like she got a facelift
@wisecc1 You're the man, Donald!
instead of bashing, start talking about the issues. My vote could go in the trash. Get off social media
get historical facts straight, you are greatly #delusional

but that's OK because as #Shakespeare wrote: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_the_world%27s_a_stage …
it's odd that she didn't comment or deny that she led the attact on you in Chicago an other places
good thing too or your wife would have never been able to gold dig off you.  Lol
unlike you...build a wall. They've been tunneling underground  for years. They have ladders. Ability to break through walls
@MonicaCrowley  must vote Trump to save American
sir u R very weak As A republican so sorry  Russian puppy
#debate At least she won't create "camps" for minorities...YOU are not just Putin's puppet, you're a NAZI! #NeverTrump
she is such a mess that her bus in Georgia was caught dumping there poop tank right on the streets of Georgia
she is not only week but also she is a proven disaster
You don't own her, Donald.
she can run circles around you. #InsultHerInsultWomen
Messaging with Putin, again? I listened to you say you have a great relationship with him.
I know you love fantasy sports Real time!!!! Can I get a RT from my favorite Next President?  https://www.firefan.com/?code=team6 
https://www.firefan.com/?code=team6 
Want to build a wall that will cost who knows how much and think Mexico will pay for it cause you say they will? Good plan.
Preach it
What kind of energy she wants to bring from having open-borders? Energy from Drug?
great job tonight if Hiliary wins it only shows how corrupt our election system is
Donald you should've mentioned she sold 20pct of our uranium to Russians.
NAFTA was not signed by President Clinton. It was signed by his predecessor, the first President Bush.
you're the worst
Worst deal in Canadian history as well.
lost BIGLY
truth be told. You sounded like you were reading excerpts of a boring story. No solutions. Poor performance
fact check shows you were wrong 80% of the time you are so out of touch titanic trump
The worst deal in US history was when your parents said "I do."
Killary said she wants open borders!!! How stupid!
B-B-BAMM!!!!
Not
Awre
Free
Trade
Agreement
Wasn't Trump's Mother an illegal immigrant before she married his Dad?

you act like you are on drugs
and you are too loose. You disrespect her by calling her "nasty woman". You lack respect for women and humanity.

after you complemented her on being a fighter and never giving up... you would be a nightmare in office
lol
idiot
NAFTA signed by Bill Clinton & puched by HilLIARy Clinton
Now Obama has deported millions? Make up your mind, Donald.
You're a broken record, saying the same thing over and over...
so, you lost another debate 0 for 3. Seriously have a temperament problem. And the sniffing, drug test should have happened
#MANYPEOPLEARESAYING 
@realDonaldTrump You lost the debate. You are 0 for 3. BYE BYE
@steph93065 keep fighting 4 us shy
get of twitter and back on the golf course
you're weak -- she's strong.
just look at the Benghazi tragedy. She cannot protect us.
NAFTA HAS BROUGHT OUR COUNTRY TO IT'S KNEES THANKS TO BJ BILL. HILLARY CLINTON SUPPORTS IT
you came up w/ building a wall (very inventive!). Get more specific on what'd you to be different.
RACIST!
!chinga tu madre!  Hombre
You, Don, are a national embarrassment.@HillaryClinton
Lies
The stupidity is in the mirror
She looked very drugged tonight.  Very tired after almost a week off!
Hillary is too weak to lead anyway.
your lines are getting so old! You do not inhabit reality!
we need you Trump for president....no doubt about it! You got me and my husbands vote for sure!!!
Hillary is a straight criminal!!!!
Wrong
if it would of been me and those emails i would of been locked up with the key thrown away.
United State is not a company it's a Nation of people
America wake up
she is as weak as weak gets.....she has no right to run for president just like u said becuz of her email crimes.
she wants to plan it but how would we no if the border improves with her. Bet it won't be changed.
I agree
Hillary is arrogant and nasty. She puts herself first. She said "I am going to defeat Isis". She created it.
fraud trump. U just know nothing
you lost the debate and will lose the election.
@KellyannePolls He was a JOKE!
I wish you'd hammered her harder about her being ineligible due to criminal activities?
why didn't you ask Hillary if she would accept the election results?
TRUMP WON DEBATE!  TRUMP LOVES AMERICA THAT MEANS WE R 1ST NOT ILLEGALS!
Hill could care less about the borders and LEO's !
How many times has she thanked LEO's on the campaign trail ?
i cannot agree mode

