Morning Joe pushing Mitt Romney for Sec. of State this morning. Not good.
#MAGA
Translation: This guys is dumber than me and people hate him more than me so maybe he'll take some heat of me for a while
we love trump we love hindus we love india Ab ki baar trump sarkar we love you Mr President I voted for you god bless you
You won by lying and deceiving. You will preside by lying and deceiving. Resign now and prevent a nightmare. #EndTheFarce
the only nightmare avoided was a hilory Clinton post change is coming about time. Support and help positive.
How about tweeting links from reputable sources instead of your own state-sponsored media? This isn't North Korea. Sad!
Since we can't have @JudgeJeanine . Lol
Only fitting if you don't care about civil rights, voting rights, school desegregation, criminal justice...
You cannot appoint this bigot if you truly want to show you are leading ALL OF US, and not just your cronies.
the eagle has awaken!  I am so glad!
perfect!
delete your Account
Age has been scientifically proven to play a key role in lessening racist proclivities. Sessions: less racist now than 86!
Well based on his record, he does "fit" with your administration
no he is not, he is a reprehensible excuse for a human being! He's a racist...
calling every person you don't like doesn't work anymore.    @realDonaldTrump
*a racist @realDonaldTrump
RACIST
@CLewandowski_  Unless you are a minority...
hey follow me if u like nachos
I'm a true Nacho, President
estoy haciendo un "experimento twiteristico" con el tío Donald
This man is a straight up racist.  So many better choices.   This is not how you become the President of all citizens.
We want Hillary prosecuted!
http://www.cwrichmond.tv/story/33524463/the-cost-of-saying-no-thank-you-to-a-sexual-advance …
Mr.Trump,
Will you believe in me as I believed in you?please help
.@realDonaldTrump he's another dangerous, bigoted,  old white man. At least you're consistent. You definitely have a "type".
the bipolar type! 
Nah.
Fitting for who?
picks swamp King Senator Sessions for AG & then says won't pursue HRC. Cowards
Sessions is a racist.
Mr.POTUS elect Please do not back off on the Clinton probe let justice do its work! We voted 4U to stop corruption.Pray 4U
it's only fitting because you're both incredibly bigoted
Just a personal question. Why don't you wear a wedding ring?
Jess Sessions is a good man.  Lived in AL.  Never saw any Black hate.  Only the good things he could for ALL.
Session was deemed too racist to be a judge. You have a serious problem discerning reality from fantasy.
Because you know me to know that? It's never gonna happen. Mexico has said repeatedly it wouldn't
you guys got conned hard and it's so amusing. 
oh you're a different troll then the Mexican wall troll. You all start to look alike in your desperation
omg a meme you are so clever and not at all like all your mindless sheeple
deport your wife
He can't do ANYTHING till he takes office on Jan 20th 2017.
and you haven't learned by now NOT to listen to MSM??
Chill for a minute and give him a chance.. he isn't even in office yet.
What are you trying to create here??
@CLewandowski_ Fitting for the KKK and apparently the Republican party of racists #Sessions
@JonahNRO Even Neocon NeverTrump enemies have to admit it. Go, Mr. Trump, knock leftist CFR and Neocon "right" out of DC!
lol
I am
Will Putin be sleeping in your bed or his own when you move into the White House?
@h1llary4prez @realDonaldTrump @SheriffClarke let's criticize trumps presidency without slutshaming Malania. She knows 6 languages
So right, so ready.
Thank God for Trump and his awesome First Lady. Finally some Class.
Amen, she's an excellent role model for our daughters.
Remember when Michelle wore a sleeveless shirt?  Repubs sure liked giving her hell.
no only You libturds feel that way. 
 @reniermedia @realDonaldTrump
We don't care. He won what mattered.
He was wrong. People can be wrong. He's not infallible. Only a fool would think he was infallible. The EC is important.
He's not doing any of that prison stuff. You saw that, right? He's over it.
No, he said publicly he's not pursuing prison or anything for Clinton. Do you read?
Glennie, you don't understand how gov't works. FBI did its job. Case closed. Read. Just read
yeah, fits right into the lockstep mentality.

It is not a religion, it is a cult.
It's not surprising that you're filling your cabinet with racists, I just thought you would be more subtle about it.
Plz do some research. Sessions is not racist.
tired of typing it
He was literally found too racist to be a federal judge.
@TheSourceStar Sick of telling u guys to research b4 u pop off. School desecration, death penalty for KKK
but u guys have heard all that and just choose to see everything/one as racist that opposes u
Quick Q: Was he denied a federal judgeship because of fears of his racist beliefs? Y/N?
I believe the accuser was proven false.I honestly didn't look that 1 up, BC U guys cry racist on everything
I know an African American co-worker said he was a great man, plus his involvement & support of race relations
.@realDonaldTrump EVERYONE HATES HIM AND YOU
. Amber i love Trump
*we're. Is there a rule that to be a Trump supporter you can't know correct English?
Nope.
As long as you say so @POTUS45 @realDonaldTrump @MAGA  @TrumpsArmy  @LouisaAvery8
yep, if only Sessions hadn't made himself IMPOTENT & failed to inform his boss of his plans to do so! Sessions must un-recuse himself! #MAGA
you are a great man make us proud and the enemies to shame
Sessions is fittingly racist.
Wrong.  No he's not.
You Kooky Trump supporters are so easily conned. Just in: http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/307149-report-trump-wont-pursue-clinton-investigations …
Racist people not knowing they're racist: B/C John is black, you mention black Trump voters.  Why?
I think I hit a nerve.  You and Sessions are gonna be besties.
Jeff Sessions is a great choice.
your decision are good letting you know this morning Lakeland Florida gas is20,9to 2,39 over night
MAGA God Bless
i know you will build America again
I fully agree! Obama must be brought to justice for his treasonous and criminal acts!! Let Sessions get him!!
name one treasonous act?
GREAT STUFF!!!! Continue kicking asses!!!
Agreed 100%

pls build the wall & force Mexico  to pay for it threaten them 
will not be building the wall. He's already walking back on it. You were duped!
Jeff Sessions is a racist piece of shit unfit for any position of power.
didn’t he prosecute the KKK and get rid of school segregation in his state? :/
He actually said he liked the kkk until he heard they smoke marijuana
he's a white supremacist. Has no place in modern society, never mind government.
There are way to many sick minds in America. That will be America's downfall.
you're vile  !

lmfaoooooo
Scary times Pablo. R U Cuban ? My wife is Peruvian.
I'm half Mexican half Cuban... but I was born and raised in Mexico.
A nice combination.
ha!
Hey Trump could you have Jeff take care of all our civil rights as Americans specially in the badlands
#NoDapl @SumerSloan
Good luck with that Trump is personally invested in the Energy company @Googirlsmiles @realDonaldTrump
*Strength in numbers, we the people, for the people, our civil rights, you want to not hope for what is right
Trump is NOT an environmentalist @Googirlsmiles @realDonaldTrump
The Core of is
I'm talking about our constitutional rights as a United States citizens & treaty Land
 #NoDAPL
Truth is @realDonaldTrump is not interested in our constitutional rights. @SumerSloan
So your a mind reader and believe all of what is reported in the media 
You got it goung on @plish516 @realDonaldTrump @SumerSloan
No. Not a mind reader. I believe everything I've heard @realDonaldTrump say and tweet. I don't follow #MSM @SumerSloan
Jeff Sessions is a racist. You are terrifying the entire country with choices like this.
#LockHerUp45 #justice  Allow the investigation to move forward concerning #crookedHillary, assign a #specialprosecutor
he's too scary. Pls don't do this
Not what America wants or needs.  We will resist your money grubbing plans,  We will outlast you - for we are legion.
Is there a place for D’Nesh D’Sousa? He is a great videographer. Maybe he could do dcmntry of ur exemplary life day to day!
If the liberals fight Sen. Sessions too hard just propose Texas Gov. @GregAbbott_TX instead.  I am sure they will relent.
novel way of draining the swamp - filling your cabinet with bunyips from the black lagoon.
one more guy 2 take the country into the dark ages. But perfect 4 U as u want a guy with slimy values like yourself
Yes he is!
donald will be the best president we ever had.jeff the best att general great together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StOAztesURk&feature=youtu.be&a … Steve Wilkos Show November 22
picks racist @jeffsessions what a surprise.
@KathyVanKlavere Eliminate the EPA if ur serious about businesses staying in U.S. and prospering.
@LoudCitizen Join us at  http://gaysfortrump.org/buytickets/  The Offical #GaysForTrump Inagural Ball
Thanks for the invite! Do you know of any other balls planned for Jan. 20?
not many other ones that are official beside the real presidents ball
fitting, he's a homophobic bigot just like you https://www.google.com/amp/nypost.com/2016/11/21/donald-trumps-media-summit-was-a-f-ing-firing-squad/amp/?client=safari …
A racist, Way to go, Dump.
NOT!
I watch CSPAN hearings a good bit.  I am fed up as an educated CPA with people working in government who know tbc
keep nominating racists and we'll keep calling you a racist.
A vigorous defender of the original intents of the Constitution to insure the equality of justice under the Law.
No he's not. He's a racist who has a track record of racism. 

@wrightlauren @vjwright98
You're a monster, Donald Trump.
What a lousy pick.
didn't recognize you without the white sheet and Hood
Sessions was too racist to be confirmed as a Federal Judge.  He's too racist to lead America's Justice Department.
Jeff Sessions is dangerous. Its a shame you onlt surround urself w the worst of the Right.
this is a good pick..But if i see Romney and the Establishment RINO's get promoted won't get a 2nd Vote nxt election
yeah if you want racist crap
http://100percentfedup.com/must-watch-video-cant-another-revolution-america-allah-promised-us-victory-video/ …
hiring sessions will backfire at u. Know the ppl will always hold power over u.
Lock Her Up :)

Please make sure that ALL guilty Elitists are brought to justice. TY
True and Rudy Giuliani is a perfect fit for Sec of State. NEVER ROMNEY. Romney has a black heart. NEVER ROMNEY.
this guy is a pig. White Supremacist . And should be taken down off his high horse.
....and instill fear in minorities and women everywhere.
Since we have learned Hillary Clinton is calling for a recount it would be appropriate for a new AG to investigate Clintons
Are you kidding? All your cabinet is right out of the Swamp!
sessions is more racist than you tho...#pleasedont
@juliegoalwin61
Why aren't you offering a position to Mr. Trey Gowdy and Mr Jason Chaffetz?  They're both extraordinary ppl.
#KKKabinet  #Threesome #RacistPigs
No.
Mitt Romney is a kick in the face to your supporters that trusted you to drain the swamp.. it's not worth it
wrong choice.
That's not news. It's an opinion piece, pure editorial #propaganda. #sheeple
it was very good propaganda. Very convincing but still propaganda
he was not allowed a judgeship cuz of his racism.  u want to bring the country together?  NO SESSIONS
RACISTS FOR EVERYONE!  #whinylittlebitch
A terrible selection!
Sessions + Pence = No Elton for Tone-deaf Trump
WAKE UP TRUMP!!!
as much as any racist would be
Wow....so many fewer likes on Twitter.....all due to the Russian trolls that are no longer participating.
WRONG
@CLewandowski_ Indeed!
Who thinks that the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is a “piece of intrusive legislation.”
Hiring for 8 yrs? Hire Blue Collar Workers, Vets not your kids' pals! Protect Clintons & You'll never Win 2020 @mike_pence
no that would be a bad choice but then you are not known for being so bright
if sessions stays OUT OF STATES RIGHTS -like marijuana legalization,etc.he's old -failed war on drugs guy dark ages
Great choice! Finally some order!
Thank you for appointing Jeff Sessions smart, Good man I hope you don't, "please" not Mitt R  He is was for anyone butU
GREAT PICK.  SENATOR SESSIONS WILL DO A GREAT JOB!  GENERAL OF THE MARINES, JAMES MATTIS FOR SEC OF DEFENSE!  ABSOLUTELY!
No
actually no hes not. Have you actually educated yourself about this guy? Your pond scum team is choosing the worst of worst
"Donald J. Trump, a fitting selection for electroshock therapy."
but he needs to go after Hillary
no
Are you certain he isn't racist? I keep reading troubling articles that he might be a bit racist.
Concur
great, another racist
Look a bigot! He fits in so well!
drain the swamp fill it with SEWAGE
Judge Jeannie would be great. No BS lady.
Sessions is war on drugs 2.0. Haven't you said the war on drugs has been a miserable failure?
Sessions will make a super AG will not be a crooked  as Loretta ! @SNIPER1776
nothing sez just-us like a son of the old south still fighting that war of northern aggression. How disgustingly pathetic
FANTASTIC PICK
if you think a racist should be attorney general wth???
LUV this choice. He is the perfect choice for Law & Order in the Justice dept.
Only a fitting selection if your intent is to install a white supremacist as the highest ranking member of law enforcement.
what about not being fit to be Judge for being huge racist??????????????????
Very bad choice, this man just wants to climb up. @realDonaldTrump
WOOHOO!!!
Jeff Sessions is just a "fitting" candidate, he's a great choice for the position! #draintheswamp
Fitting???? Are you serious? He was deemed too racist to be a judge. he IS too racist to be in government, period.
NO RACIST JEFF SESSIONS. NO KKK IN WASHINGTON. NOT NOW. NOT EVER.THIS IS OUR COUNTRY & DONT YOU FORGET IT.
do you intend to bring on anyone who ISN'T a geriatric white guy?
#NeverRomney
Seriously if you do not appoint the special prosecutor for the Clintons, we have to be concerned that the laws are ignored.
A RACIST POS
Cruz would be better or Mike Lee
@jamy208 Concur, America would only benefit if we'd clone them;) @senmikelee
@jeffsessions once money stops 4 Sanctuary mayors change their minds Time 2b tough as nails. Total Support Law Enforcement.
Break Sanctuary Cities/Colleges mindset to staredown FederalLaw which AG Sessions will enforce. Make examples
not good choice! this guy thinks gays can be "cured" & people who smoke pot are "not good people" give me a break!
Good choice!
sessions is almost as stupid and far more racist then the President Elect. Do yourself a favor DT...move on. Session is bad
Mr President Elect PLEASE Do NOT pick Mitt Romney for Sec.of State or ANY meaningful.
That Would be REWARDING his behavior
http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/11/trump-flip-flops-president-elect-214478?cmpid=sf …
I smoke medical cannabis, HIV+. It's safest & most effective for side effects.
Probably tired of hearing, but like Mike Huckabee. And Newt, Laura I. said Mitt tried to destroy your character.NO trusting
another fucking racist perfect.
racist
no
that is a contradiction isn't it as there is nothing real about you, pathectic, old & a dirty fraud yes, real no.

He will make a great selection. Scumbags all over the nation starting to tremble just thinking about real justice
hr · hr · 
So true
Fitting for your butt kissing racist agenda ...ONLY.
yes he's perfect, but Mitt Romney for SS, Bad decision making!
RACIST
Sessions already appears undermined by the "no interest in prosecuting Hillary" statements. Very disappointing
it's very interesting that Mike Huckabee is not getting any position in the cabinet
Great choice to head the JUSTICE department, someone repeatedly accused of not liking black and brown people.
I think that you should really ask Condoleeza Rice for Secretary of State.....show the world what class and experience is
Wrong choice!
My favorite senator! A hardliner on illegal immigration is what we need in the DOJ. Defund Sanctuary Cities-sue the mayors!
FOR A RACIST PIECE OF SHIT SOCIETY? YEP! FUCKING YOU TOO DOUCHEBAG
because he's a white supremacist
no Romney , Rudy for Secretary of state come on, I'm with u and support u on the Hillary thing but will be very upset if
