We are NOT paid protesters, we ARE the people who voted against U, the ones who gave Clinton the popular vote.
There is no INCITEMENT  by media just your FAKE  NEWS because U don't like what they say. Does that make U FAKE PRESIDENT?

A person who believes that protesting is unfair should not be president of the united states.
. @realDonaldTrump
"Unfair?" What are you 10 years old? It's called free speech. Act presidential and stop whining. @realDonaldTrump
You're Our New President ! Enjoy it. Don't worry about the Haters.
Mr. President, it is a long time til Jan20th. Never take your eye off Obama. A snake is always a snake.
I hope the pd protesters R paying their taxes on the money they collect from protesting. Names SB taken from @MoveOn 4 IRS
lo mismo hacen un grupo en contra de @EPN ellos buscan sus propios intereses también son intelectuales y porros no te dejes
jajajaj
DONT SEE ANY BLACKS, LATINOS, OR MUSLIMS?! PAID PROTESTORS?? We are with you @POTUStrumpp #MAGA
What's unfair Mr. Trump is the way you have said you will treat certain minorities of the American population
#notmyprez
@Okulo_Jnr trump for president
yessss trump for president
What's unfair is twitter deliberately setting up acct. to place dissenters at the top of your page. Dont belive the trolls
They are Americans, expressing what they believe in. That's democracy
conard#le plus raciste de l'univers
So, wait... it wasn't rigged? Didn't you say it was rigged? You said it was rigged.
for the love of god man, please grow up and stop displaying the mentality of a kindergartner! Our poor forefathers.



@DebraMMason1 Just keep your eye on the ball and this will pass! Clinton's are NOT nice people!
No He would not! He did not then and would not participate now!
 if you call COLLUDING with Russia fair???? Because, we DON'T!! Signed, Americans

Keep thinking they're professional protesters #tinyhands. WeThePeople will fight you from now till they impeach you!
Wats unfair is tht we have to hear a lying morally corrupt  billionaire conman prez continue to bitch abt how very unfair..
Not incited by the media at all. Funny, the election was "rigged" when your polling nos. were down. Now, it's "successful."
/ We must come up with new Regulations for the Media and Social media..Freedom of speech must be protected.
Shouldn't the Demon crats be speaking about this?  Makes you wonder what they really want.
this whole election is unfair not voting any more that's for sure
you protested the legitimacy of Obama for 5 years I guess that makes you a hypocrite
These are the words of dictators. We are American citizens exercising our Constitutional rights. You are #NotMyPresident
What is unfair from you is if you don't repeal the Obamacare and put Hillary in jail, AS YOU PROMISED, that'll be UNFAIR.
#blacklivesmatter
我觉得这很公平，毕竟是你把游戏规则的制定者和既得利益者踢出局了。就像在第四次人类产业革命到来前的真空期，全世界都是在美国编导的资本游戏规则里被美元玩转，如果你们出局，你们也一样。川普总统加油，世界都在看你 better or worse
just watch them and ignore..dont comment anything about them.
unfair? You're being kind. Don't hold back, those haberdashers of fascist propaganda (MSM) are engaging in sedition.
we aren't incited by the media. We were incited by your hats and bigotry #notmypresident  #pantsuitnation  #LoveTrumpsHate
@mikesmith8026 Idiots!
Libs riot destroy & burn. THEN Dems go on TV & say there's too much violence since election !
@chris63414391 Start with arresting those who assault, loot, vote twice, and violent.

Time to stop Democrat/Liberal/Socialist violence, no?
the democrats don't understand democracy especially if they come out losers
The election was hacked. Trump was the loser
Mr President I Thank You. 51 a woman Who has played this game. People in America are Americans. Segregation.
Mr President elect. Tweet the news is not on. I turned it off.
@protesting2016   FAKE NEWS MUCH?
What R U in elementaryschool,very unfair?1st amendment gives us the right 2 protest Wrong no professionals,U Lost Pop Vote
it's called the 1st amendment. maybe a good idea to read constitution before you take office.
people who hate you are not professional protesters
protesting is a free American right but destruction and hate during one is not.
you brought this upon yourself, Mr. "President." Suck it up, and deal with the consequences of your actions.
This political 'unrest' makes it hard to get a solid 8 hours in @realDonaldTrump
nothing unfair about it trump.  You don't have to like it you just gotta respect not everyone thinks you're good enough
Ill never call you a president, when I adopt children with my BOYFRIEND Ill make sure they know you're just a horrid human
61,000 - Oakland CA joined hands around Lake Merritt. Marching against hate! Speak out if you are really president for all.
I hope it all settles down soon. I am a Dem, and voted Hillary, but I will be supporting you as we move forward.
Glad your reaction was also to cry. #weak

félicitation Président
*cough**First Amendment**cough*
hypocrite @realDonaldTrump
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!
What's the starting salary for a professional protester?
@INVUQT why are you having meetings with the swamp like Cruz? That you were draining the swamp.
#PuertoRico
This is essentially a threat against the people. America will stand its ground. Our 2018 Congress will end your Presidency.
Very DISGUSTING! When are defunct folks like Obama, Soros, and others behind and participating in this going to be arrested for treason!?
I thought you said there was massive voter fraud? Now it's  'open and successful"? And Unfair? so sad
Please for God sake tell your base the truth
Hey dork, if they were 'incited by media', why would they have to be 'paid professionals'. Clueless as ever I see. #URfired
work for your people and not your pockets
We are The People.  You are an #IllegitimatePresident.  Time for you to move to Russia or be prosecuted and jailed #Treason
more like regular citizens, astounded by your ham handed policies, are protesting. Boo fucking hoo, loser
This will go down in History.@realDonaldTrump
Seems like you forgot that
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!
Mr. President, the media barely covered protesters, no inciting. If you are fair, ask why they protest, and really listen.
God picked you, for your strength and wisdom to stand against the evil forces. No one else can do it. I agree with you!
-People, Please drop the hate you've learned in the last 8yrs. Time to respect & support a true leader of our nation, DJT.
dear Pr. Congo Brazzaville .extended total 32-year rule of Denis Sassou Nguesso via a referendum marred by irregularities.
@YouCowardlyLion There is a reason why your father hated you & packed you off to school. Like you would know professional?
Cheater!
how about your loss by 2.7 million votes, that we know of?
Your racist, misogynist, homophobic views incite me to protest-not the media. #notmypresident
It's a good chance to test your opinion that several million people voted illegally! Recount all 50 states!
The fairness will occur when you walk up to the top of trump towers and jump off and rid the world of your present
Liar @realDonaldTrump
when you whine, it's not very presidential is it baby boy?
grow up! We need you to.
AWW DO YOU NEED YOUR BOTTLE >?GET YOUR NANNY TO CHANGE YOUR DIAPER.
just like your protestors are currently boycotting Hamilton because very mature
How Fake News Goes Viral: A Case Study http://nyti.ms/2fdzLBD 
I'm telling black folks to STOP RIOTING & Being SCARED& GO to a LOCAL GOP& GET INVOLVED in their FUTURE
#OccupyGOPlocals
well perhaps you should look deeply inside your own mind and wonder why? Maybe it's you
"Professional protesters" are, according to Politifact and WaPo, fake news from Paul Horner at a fake news site.
I NEED TO KNOW, IS IT LEGAL ANY MORE TO BEAT THERE BRAINS OUT WITH A GOOD how2 BOOK?http://amzn.to/2fHDFH0 
.@realDonaldTrump get rid of your horrible cabinet as a Jew I'm offended and angry u are choosing blatant hate groups to work in the cabinet
Obumer won't even try to stop it neither will Killary. George Soros behind it & they are his puppets.
.@realDonaldTrump  aw poor donald trump. Can't believe how rude he is with everyone esp women now he whines like a little spoiled brat
I am just a person-And I protest you-If you think you're that special that people r hired to protest you-you're delusional
Didn't you say the election was rigged? So which is it? "Open and fair" or "rigged?" Clinton won the pop. vote. Rigged?
You're the one that caused the protesting.  Bought my Trump is NOT my President and Impeach Trump tshirts/proudly wearing.
Professional protesters?  What tripe.
@cashjaimie I have prayed that a hero would come about and our Lord has presented us w a SUPER HERO!! YOU DA MAN!!!
Millions of supporters need to close down the corrupt news media along with Megyn http://Kelly.you  are the news
good luck Mr President
Hypocrite Trump!
mostly illegals protesting but don't mind them just ship them back immediately!!!!
No room for illegals in America!
.@realDonaldTrump No Worries!
@georgesoros's Paid Protestors Very Unfair & their Behavior Destroys @HouseDemocrats & @SenateDems Brands.
@KellyannePolls Our children are so important - glad you'll get rid of common-core & return education to the states.
this people protesting are the pple who didnot vote for you others are paid ,and they must wait for the next election

The US, Sells democracy to the world they need to practice what they preach,
Excuse me, I need to tell you something.  Life Is Not Fair.  Trust me, knowing this will help you sleep at night. #Truth
Obummer needs to step up and tell the idiots to stop pronto! It's cause he is part of it! UGH!!!
our president elect undermining right to protest? Americans #willnottolerate #attacksonconstitution
Grabbing your victims by the pussy is a lot more unfair than protestors saying you're unacceptable. #notmypresident
we need open season on George Soros the foreign agitator who is hell bent on destroying democracy
ethics matter listen to the people who know. Please. Your alt rt choice, no.
many idiots on here. So glad DJT won!  riots are paid for. By George Soros. Thank God we have taken our country back
anyone called a professionals protester should be labeled terrorist and jailed....
Need to realize we need to stand as a country united. The world is watching.
It's not the media, they r independent, free-thinking Americans! They r watching everything u do, independent of the media!
Delete your account.
why because we reject you get use to it your not my President, no room for racism, bigotry and hate.we the people reject u
Pd 4 By Your Challenger #HillaryClinton Literally Attacking #TrumpSupporters Even Pregnant Women  NOT 
wah! Wah! Wah!
non piaci nemmeno a me...
ESPECIALLY BECAUSE THEY ARE ALL BRAINWASHED BY THE MEDIA! 
Don't worry about these losers.  They have been given too much by their Parents instead of making them work.  Bad people!!
NIGERIANS WANT YOU TO COME AND PROBE THE ISLAMIC TERRORISTS CALLED MUHAMMAD BUHARI, THE KILLING BY FULANI HERDSMEN IS MUCH

@Okulo_Jnr mmmh
With respect Mr. #Trump, life is not fair. This is the job you signed up for. Do the job well and the protests will stop.
http://politico.pe/noticias/lo-ultimo/trump-el-mundo-libre-gira-a-la-derecha_3622 …
they say it's George Soros.  Is this true??? Why can't they stop this madness.
I agree . whether you cheated or brought it. Your the winner. Please pay China off or their coming. Terrorist already here
deplorable here from Kentucky.  You have our support and you have been done wrong from the start. I prayed you would win.
some even admitted to being paid by Soros to protest! Wonder whats being covered up now!
I was not a supporter of yours but I hope you just heard President Obama give a news conference I felt was very fair to you
Nonsense. Protests because you have incited racist, sexist hate rhetoric that over half the people in USA find intolerable
praying you will do Gods will !!!
obama needs to tell these hoodlums to Stop Now!!!
don't mind anybody protesting against U cuz Yahweh is the 1 that gave U victory any man or woman against U Holy ghost fire
Something MUST be done about G. Soros. This man presents a clear and present danger to the security of the United States.
arrest the protesters and ship to Iran and see how long they last
you people are insane the 1st amendment if you read doesn't say you can intentionally cause harm or vandalize, he won fair
Remember-VP CHENEY Iraq,Halliburton,$300./gal gas?That was certainly conflict of interest.along with all else provided
@wagefreedom you said it was rigged! :)
the world has actually lost its vision on-the to protest and it's getting ugly and fun as it seems these protesters con't
hello Donald, we are in the same industry, Real Estate Property Management. Although the rioters have the right to protest
don't forget to send a thank you cards to Republican Congress, FBI director Comey, Vladimir Putin,wikileak, Fox News.
shut up cry baby
Mr President Elect, what a wonderful greeting.... Don't let left media talk u out of going after HC or other camp. Issues
PUTO
some of them are indeed recruited and paid professionals. There are tons of hiring posts on Craigslist across these cities
Watched 60 minutes interview of non-answers. Wondering if @realDonaldTrump understands what he is in for. #shegotmorevotes #notmypresident
We will keep protesting for 4 years because we don't acknowledge you. #NotMyPresident
unfair. Not all about you. Please listen. You didn't win the popular vote. There are a lot of people you don't represent
America will NOT be Amerikkka, 

Look at Reality, YOU Did This..stop the HATE Mr T
I have said all along that if the media would stay away they would have no reason to be protesting.
MAKE TODAY, NOVEMBER 13, OUR DAY OF KINDNESS JUST LIKE FRANCE. <3
Won even though Hillcats cheated like hell.
my first tweet
They’re not professionals. They’re smart people that don’t agree with you, @realDonaldTrump.
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
"Small"? Why wouldn't we protest something we don't believe in? What's unfair is our voices not being heard when voting.
yup we know what you mean. ..Stay presidential. us DEPLORABLES got you.
#impeachtrump so this is how where I'm going to learn our states secrets this guy can't keep his mouth shut!!??
it's a fair election now that you won. But if HRC had won you'd have called it RIGGED. #hypocrite
poor widdle boy..can't handle it
Oh Shut up. BOO HOO grow up little man FFS. YOU ARE SO SAD.
I once lived and worked in NL - loved it!  :) @realDonaldTrump
I voted for you. Please keep your promises. First four yrs will dictate next four. Health insurance I can't afford. Help
Instead of thinking things are unfair, think of how to ease the minds of millions within our nation and "unite" us.
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/king-trump-leading-transformation-turn-gop-kkk-article-1.2784690 …
Horse shit. The GOP has been the KKK for decades now.
The only thing we agree about is The Zgreat Lebowski was a great flick...
Indeed it is! And that's an important point of agreement.
"That rug really tied the room together!"  (Inside joke). See, some of us deplorables have a sense of humor!
Yes, SOME of you. But the Dude would never abide Trump. "Nihilists? F#ck me."
The Dude on Hillary:  "I bowled with her years back; I sensed irregularities with her scorecard!" #DudeAbides
Perfect Big Lebowski quote describing tRump election: "The plane has crashed into the mountain."
Walter Sobchak, if Hillary won:  "We are entering a world of pain!"
Protesting is not illegal. The President of GREAT AMERICA can handle this..
If you cannot control the protests from all over the world you are not the right person for the president of the US.
I think The US is GREAT country but the situation say it is not.. maybe..
Rock on potus
@realDonaldTrump step down you are not my president


Hey lard ass, why do you go out of your way, every minute, to show how stupid you are?
