lmao@ "suppress the Trump" so idiotic.
.@realDonaldTrump 

Trump: "Media is rigged" 

Trump: "Go watch CNN, my wife will be on. Enjoy!!!!"
go trump
These comment are cancerous. On both sides. Do better plox
.@realDonaldTrump
Trump-- "if we could run the country, the way I run my company"...US would've gone bankrupt 4 times, hired undocumented, stiffed contractors
idiot
girl you need to realize Hillary doesn't care. She is taking your rights away.
Trump only wants to grab u by the pussy. Oh ,sorry, u look at 5 "according " to Trump, sooooo
childish considering Bill Clinton was given blow jobs in our white House. #falsetrumpaccusation
sure thing
Hillary Clinton killed a soldier? How ? Be specific
BENGHAZI
Oh you mean the Embassy that the GOP cut funding to? So I guess Reagan and Bush also killed soldiers?
On Mars?!
Why don't you make up some of your own? You do understand how this whole national politics thing works, don't you?
.@realDonaldTrump you know who else whined about rigged polls? 

George Wallace in October 1968

He ended up winning just 13.53% of votes
Wow

Trump speech today (underlined) full on borrows from anti-Semitic forgery "The Protocols of the Elder of Zion"
They are LIARS and will say and do whatever it takes to win. #Disgusting #VoteForTrump16 and end this corruption!
You are so dilutional Trump.  Hilary will be our next president.  The people are speaking. You are a looser. Sorry not!
But this will backfire on them. It will only suppress her votes. The #Trump team will be out in full force. #MAGA
Ah that's funny I just saw a WI poll that you claimed and it proved false. Sounds you the sucka!
oh yeah! Totally, everyone knows media is also making up #DonaldTrump 's tax returns! Oh right...you refuse to release em
No. You're. Not.
, "the the the?" Why are you stuttering, Baby Whiny Donnie?

Follow me if you support Trump!
"Suppress the Trump" 

@realDonaldTrump @NotFaulty
Guess we know who George Zimmerman is voting for.
It's reported in nearly every poll. What are you talking about?
There is not a reputable poll that doesn't give a complete breakdown of results. Insults and name calling?
standards and method: http://abcnews.go.com/US/PollVault/abc-news-polling-methodology-standards/story?id=145373 … and full results here: http://www.langerresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/1184a12016ElectionTrackingNo1.pdf … You're welcome genius.
classic trump Don't like the clear and present results, say it's a failed system. What about the polls Trump always quotes?
#mondaymotivation 
Condolences to the @HillaryClinton campaign for #HRCsEpicLossNov8th2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
They're only following the same practice that the GOP uses. Ask Kelly Ann, she knows the truth. Her company does the same
You need to stop listening to the radio transmissions sent to your dental fillings. They're not real.
Sort of like your phony tweets......full of lies
Wow! You ARE f-ing crazy! @NeverTrump #StrongerTogether @HillaryUSA16
your stuttering now .... Poor thing ... Happens when the coke wears off
So polls which show you winning are "accurate" but same polls are "made up" if they have you losing?

Time to grow up, Biff
@robdelaney What planet do you live on? #ImWithHer
Major story...They aren't, fool!
Yes, everyone is crooked, you're winning & the cow jumped over the moon..you don't even believe your own bullshit anymore!
The The Trump!!  Love it!  Bogger Sugar keeps the Trump machine rolling!
After the US builds your stupid wall, how are u gonna make Mexico reimburse the US? What, are you gonna start war with MX?
in total denial. Believe me... "phony polls"... Major red flags going up as #Trump2016 disconnects from reality!
The polls correctly predicted massive 3 million vote landslide by Secretary Clinton. Failed to account for #TrumpRussia election hacking.
Not so funny to see the white supremacist trump nazis mocking our war dead. Small wonder the GOP is kneecapping the goddamn #TraitorTrump
quit whining.
truth hurts
is that why he whines so much?
if telling the truth about our corrupt government is whining, then sobeit.
Everybody needs to see this video. It is the current US politics, ugly and filthy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY … We need change!
I'm voting early and I'm wearing red.100% with you Trump!
you are winning! Your crowds are MASSIVE, she cant fill a Starbucks!
hmm..that must be a big Starbucks ..get over it , Trump will lose
and the election is votes, not crowd size..
Clinton seems to be doing just fine in NV -
Delusions of a dying dream.
if I was a Trump supporter, I would prepare for the biggest let down in American History, u fell for the biggest con ever
holden Caulfield is that you?
“We” should mean ALL Americans but I’m not convinced you mean it that way.
The polls are real.. You are behind .. Blaming anyone but yourself is simply whining .. Enjoy the biggest loss in history .
Stay the course. Winning is the growing economy, JOBS, security thru strength, effective immigration and rule of law.
hy yo! i dont think u can win..

If you think you are going to sue these accusers, I will be part of an ARMY of lawyers who will destroy you. Bring it.
What accusers? Seems to me once Trump sd he will sue for slander... THEY ALL BACK DOWN! Plus w Prodesta’s emails on wikileaks stating this
Was exactly what they were going to do, and Pay 30 women to say they were sexual harassed by Trump a year prior... DEBUNKED ALL CLAIMS. HA!

This is the 2nd time u spammed my account with your stupid video and this is the 2nd time I have no idea what you are saying
No one day this guy will learn how to make a video in a way that does make you look like an idiot...
Very good. I am glad u now how to read.
Watching you come unglued is pure joy. It's only a matter of time, fatso...
And they continue to do it to this day...
Best loser ever!! You will totally win at losing this election!! Well done, Donnie. Fantastically poor showing overall.
You're going to lose "Bigly" Then you're going to prison for Rape & Assault. Nasty women gonna make sure!
Sure, poll mostly Dems and then say Hillary is ahead....  #TrumpMovement #TrumpPence16 !
grow up and stop whining. He's losing, it happens, he's a terrible candidate and the majority of voters know it
And Hillary is a corrupt liar and a large majority know it and rest deny knowing.
sure. And the molester is a good man. U clearly admire conmen and cowards. Pay taxes.
#loser #youreadouche #fromdouchetoloser
'HEY GUYS, PLEASE TALK ABOUT SOMETHING OTHER THAN MY TREASON' - Trump
The the Trump is coming undone.
All the do is lie
Yea, keep telling yourself that RS
@tedcruz get to Texas asap we need Texas
Texas is blue this time around !
r there illegals voting
there are intelligent Texans who aren't fooled by the fool that is Trump
Donald Trump will make us wealthy safe and great again! NWO is afraid of him
Pathetic. Are you really this deep in denial, or just lying to your delusional followers? @realDonaldTrump
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
yes
You are a sad, laughable figure. You've already LOST & are making up excuses like a whiny bully exposed for the loser he is
.@realDonaldTrump Poor #DonnyLittleDick His pea-sized brain just can't comprehend how HUGE a loss he will be facing on Nov 8th
LOL @realDonaldTrump Going to lose to a #NastyWoman 

http://www.zazzle.com/i_vote_for_nasty_women_t_shirt-235109918622662362 …
Mind sharing links to some of these "phony polls"?

There are 15 days left -- nobody should be declaring victory yet.
Trump voters may as well stay home. Hil voters will show up anyway, to run up the score
That is the exact purpose the Dems are rigging the polls, to discourage Trump supporters from voting.
Who are these Dems and what polls are they rigging? Conspiracy bs. Tool of sore losers and dictators
Leaked emails from Podesta show they sent over sampling recommendations.
no. This doesn't make sense. Phony polls would only suppress democrat votes. You're winning stay home
it does make sense. In most polls they are now oversampling Democrats. Those are the phony polls.
doesn't make sense if they did that they would suppress Dem turnout
It does make sense. @RealAlexJones reported on it.
New Podesta Email Exposes Playbook For #RiggingPolls Through “Oversamples” - http://www.infowars.com/new-podesta-email-exposes-playbook-for-rigging-polls-through-oversamples/ …  #riggedsystem #election2016 
Other AJ theories 1) Hillary is a witch. 2) Sandy Hook was staged with actors. Need I go on?
He has the right to ask those questions.
If Hillary is a witch?  Sandy Hook was staged with actors? Those aren't questions, my friend.  Those are insane statements.

what? Are you upset I was rude? I'm upset he's inciting a civil war. Sorry I cursed.
I'd rather have a civil war than no democracy.
we have a Democracy. The election is not rigged, that's a lie. Go work a poll if you're worried.
you haven't been following Podesta/Veritas story closely enough. #Democrats bus people around & non-citizens vote a lot :)
it is statistically insignificant. The number of fraudulent votes has no effect on the outcome of the elections.
the Washington mall terrorist (Clinton fan) voted 3 times illegally.  He's not a citizen. Very FEW get caught cuz of loose law
PARANOID. DELUSIONAL. DANGEROUS.
KEEP Fighting #FLORIDAFor TRUMP
why are you even alive
is the USFL of candidates. #SmallPotatoes
Get ready 'the the Trump'  to kiss the hand of your next President, @HillaryClinton
on which planet?
lmao man you just try to blame everything on lies. How about you just suck!!! I voted in many polls lol not for you!
Hillary is like the " Bully" on the play ground! She get away with everything , and is never held accountable!! Why?
you win Don and we ALL win! We want Trump!
not too late to drop out, little guy! Don't be sad! You failed upward!
heard your speech re: how ACA is impacting your employees.  Don't you have health insurance benefits for your employees?
How long till you talk about dating your granddaughters now that your daughter is too for you?
Yes you are.  They are trying to supress the vote.  @megynkelly upset because @newtgingrich said that too.
I'm voting today and will be wearing a red shirt. If people are scared, don't be and just vote. We have nothing to lose!
the GOP is rigging the election
if you are starting to lose, tell me. I need to know. It's beginning to look bad. 
Best Winner! Without cheating
Sigh. No! They r weighted polls to test the reception of Dem ad spots.not phony. and not about voting. so stupid
statistics currently show that for every 12.5 presidential races you will definitely win one.
@railboy63 that or they plan on cheating the count so ppl won't suspect fraud
Odd, DT is concerned about how he will be remembered...history will not be kind. Sever legacy damage.
you believe me now
shameless you should be shameful for what you've done to all the ladies we know and for those we don't is shamefaced
#winnylittlebitch
Dems = party of excuses. "The Russians did it". We can't say those emails are true - gosh no.
the only thing phony is you.
YOU are making that up.  Whiner
are u still alive?
Just like yesterday when you tweeted you were ahead in Wisconsin, only to find out that site was wrong. RETWEET THAT!!
wouldn't doubt it for a second!! You go Mr. Trump!! Whoo hoo! It will be a landslide for you. ♡♡♡
Yes we are!
You have many supporters here in Monrovia Chief, Good Luck Make America Great Again sir!
May God be with you and continue to fight the power of the airways. You are not alone as God told Elijah concerning Jezebel
.@realDonaldTrump Every time you open your mouth you make the world suck more.
good luck im a hillary supporter she will win our country does not put up with people like you who bully people
Tell me about your pending 75 lawsuits will actually help you govern.
rigged
; don't believe the hype , play that song at your victory speech.
-U R trying to suppress the votes but Americans are way too smart to be fooled by U.  Don't forget the RNC consent decree
Are the taxpayers paying for Obama to campaign for Crooked Hillary????  Is this fair?????
STAY POSITIVE BE VIGILANT IN THOSE STATES WITH SOROS VOTING MACHINES HOLD THEM ACCOUNTABLE ON NOV 8
bs
Hey Don, this guy makes sense, don't you think?:
Trump logic: Polls are rigged except for any that are favorable to him.  Election is rigged except if he wins.
Keep telling yourself that.  When you lose, maybe it'll make you feel better.
can you forget about everything else except "Contract with America" keep repeating like a loop what you will do 4 America
Yep, U keep thinking that bubba.
Yes (We) You are!!!!!!  I predict a Record breaking win unlike anything this Country has ever seen.

did you just refer to yourself as "the trump" it was bad enough when U tried "the Donald" try "the child" @SethMacFarlane
I
major story? Where?
Gee, donald, if you have something real why don't you include a link? Is this just more smoke you are blowing up our asses?
"Unable to sleep, the sweaty trembling man gripped the sink, stared at his dead-eyed reflection and hissed..."

all the polls shows Trump is leading Bigly. Thank God, no more rigging believe me.
You need to talk about how Obamacare is going up 25% for all Americans , a Bombshell to voters
Baloney.
no you're not the psychic twins said so
I like sensible guns laws
and no links to anything that supports your claim?  Where's the major story?
Neener, Neener! no your not
@loserDonldTrump 
You can't even write about yourself in the third person properly. Big league loser.
#thethetrumpisaloser
Major story that the Donald is trying to suppress the the proofreaders! Make America redundant again America!
"...the the Trump"?  What does THAT mean?  Donald, you're incoherent.  You belong in kindergarden, not the White House.
the the Trump???


it totally makes sense you don't know about this, as it is part of a modern political campaign and is in no way for-profit.
Gosh golly gee, Hitler blamed the press too!
do you know what Obamacare really is? Because based on your earlier comments you have absolutely know idea!!
BEWARE: Voters Report Their Ballot Is Being Switched From Trump To Hillary
@rwhitmmx  yep those damn rigged polls were the same ones saying you were gonna win primary! 
None of them predicted he would win until AFTER he started winning.
'the the Trump'
yes! Si!
NEW YORK TIMES HEADLINE on Nov 9th

  HILLARY COMES IN SECOND…TRUMP  NEXT TO  LAST
bullshit
Ur wacko. 
Ur family's wacko 
Ur campaign is a failure.
Ur company is tanking.
Ur an insecure liar.
Ur nobody.
shat 'ap, you orange monster!!
@JJDJ1187 SHOCKER! Polls are a JOKE! America Is Taking This Country Back & #Hillary Camp is Shaking in their Stiletto's! 
yes! Yes ! Yes!
emails and Wikileaks's need to be more exposed. Now!
Advice Go back to Connecticut (it's in trouble) and Massachusetts and one swing through New England and backto NewHampshire
this is so dumb
"the Trump"? Are these the same polls you used to brag about in the primaries? Your one bad #hombre #pussygrabber
Mr Trump,we are so close to the election,Please keep talking about your platform for POTUS.
No you are  not.    Hillary 2016
quit crying there's nothing wrong with those poles we've been using those poles for years always been pretty accurate
You are losing. It's ok.

No. You're not.
Why the fuck are you stuttering then??
I would say, "you're fired!", but you're not getting hired. #ImWithHer #DeleteYourHair
you're a liar and we all know it 
Major story. Trump lying (shocking) about all of his supposed endorsements.
no you're not
The the Trump?! Went to the the Trump College?!
A week ago they said you had no chance of taking Florida, this week Hillary abandoned Florida because she WON'T win it...
#gaslighting
your delusional honestly think your completely nuts! Get a grip on reality.
I appreciate for Donald Trump, he visited the Polish community in Chicago,
You Are A Fool 
Your alternate reality is HILARIOUS
What does this even mean?!
Too stupid to be president!
#fools
was at the Naples rally last night. thousands of people. #dontbelievethepolls - went to vote early and the lines were #huge
#WorldSeries #GO TRUMP #MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Of course we are going to win! #TrumpTrain choo choo! Next stop... The White House. #Trump2016 #TrumpPece16 #MAGA
The only thing being made up is your imagination that anything that has you losing is rigged. #SoreLoserTrump

Kellyanne Conway: Yes, we’re behind right now http://hotair.com/archives/2016/10/24/kellyanne-conway-yes-behind-right-now/ … 
Glad Mr.Trump can talk and remember so much. I'm beginning to fall for you. I love a smart man. We are both happily married
BULL SHIT MAKES THE FLOWERS GROW!
Keep up the crazy Don$
How sad will all these stupid tweets of yours look on Nov 9th #DontheCon
You,up Huge!Dems know&use lies & evil plots;will backfire!Sent @foxnewspolitics few times-DemPollsLie.See @mitchellvii also
Even this poll?
b.s. However, Your Super-Pac looks corrupt! http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/302579-report-accuses-trump-super-pac-of-agreeing-to-hide … @msnbc
