I don't thinks the. 747 cost 2billion ea. 747-400 air line ready 320million i think money. going back sam one pocket. Mr President. You just take Boeing back to table.  For U.S. citizen. I paid my tex every years i still paying 2 dollar going on bas.
The #NEWAirForceOne was on Order BY #Obummer IT WAS HIS BAD DEAL!! @realDonaldTrump Just FIXED HIS BAD DEAL. Amazing how NO ONE wants to BLAME #Obummer for ANYTHING when #ObamaClintonDuo #DestroyedAmerica sure as hell tried w the #World and STILL underhandedly trying to divide us
You've clearly NO IDEA what you're talking about!!Aircraft have lifetimes!! When one reaches it's (sad ) end it needs to be replaced.Why is DJT's worth exaggerated so?He couldn't afford to operate his USED 757...so what the heck?Use taxpayer $ for AF1!! Moronic is understated!!
WHAT??? YOU Do realize #AF1's are NOT #Trumps PERSONAL A/C RIGHT? Guess NOT!! #AF1GovernmentProperty The Average LifeSpan for a 757 is 19 Yrs #AF1Duo48YearsOld #Ancient in the #AirlineIndustry. OH AND I DO KNOW What I'm talking about!! I WORKED in the #AirlineIndustry 18Yrs!!
To the ones that want war:  Get some weapons and a way to defend yourselves and all of you go to a deserted unihabited island.Kill all you want.I hope you all die.
This tweet is a lie due to due to using a different estimate  this is not a new tactic both in business and government and sometimes ends up costing more in the long run but his base will not believe it they'll say it some type of liberal media conspiracy #FakeNews
Do details the current president has left out managing to ship money around using different paperwork (aka different estimate) to look like we're saving money when we're not this is how businesses make it look like they're making more money than they really are
So all the money you saved will now go to transporting you to your golf courses. You were the one who said you wouldn't be taking trips like Obama did and you surpassed him by millions of dollars
This in December 2016.
Why was Ahmed Al-Rumaihi meeting with Michael Cohen and Michael Flynn in December 2016 and why did Mr. Al-Rumaihi later brag about bribing administration officials according to a sworn declaration filed in court?
I would rather see you transported around the world via catapult.

AF1 with some cut corners, what could possibly go wrong with that. Then again, dumb Donald wont be riding in it unless it's ready in the next few months! Building in New Boeing site in Russia?
Do to moving money around using different paperwork (aka different estimate) businesses sometimes do this well politicians have used this tactic in the past and use this to say we're saving taxpayers money when we're not.
U & every Pres. thereafter  DESERVES d TOP of d LINE AIRFORCE 1! 4 d many WASTE of RESOURCES by d PREVIOUS ADMINISTRATIONS ,SENDING 1.6 B n PLANE CASH LOADS 2 SUPPORT IRAN& HEZBOLLAHS by Obama s UNACCEPTABLE,Obama NEEDS 2 PAY ds BACK! DS s CORRUPTION n ACTION,STEALING& DECEPTION!
Wow
And yet $31k for a table is perfectly fine, right #Baldy?
But the deal the White House now supports will carry costs barely below the $4 billion mark. The anticipated $1.4 billion in savings appear to come from a different estimate that totaled over $5 billion.
USA~BASICALLY A BUSINESS Pd by ppl SUPPOSEDLY 4 the ppl BUT ppl running US benefit the most cuz insider lnfo & knowing how our sys works can manipulate their own sys,now leading 2 corrupt leaders useing illigals as pons 2 fraud our legal sys*STOP NOW CHANGE*
normally Trump attacks a company, the company has been doing well like amazon.

Very Good @realDonaldTrump ! if it was in Brazil they would cost twice as much, since they would have to pay a bribe to the whole step, from the president to the Palace attendant.
I am disgusted....nothing is wrong with the current planes.  Why waste money on this 
Or When business try to cut cost just make it look like they have when they really haven't. There's nothing really new in that tactic Donald Trump probably done it throughout his career as a businessman.
In fact,you are a capable and wise President for the USA in recent decades.
I'm pretty sure that's not a fact. What is a fact, however, is that your tweet is grammatically incorrect.
Your my President
Found another bot!

Huh
That is what you care about
Right 
Idiot
.@realDonaldTrump   We want our #President to have the very best, as we want you kept safe.  If we can do this and still cut costs, great!
Considering a 747-400ERF costs about 250mil, it seems 3.75 billion to outfit a/c for Presidential use is beyond the pail.  or 16 times the price to outfit for US!
.@realDonaldTrump as a former military contractor, I can confidently say this is just an outright lie. The contract is 3 weeks old.
Just like everything else he says. No surprise here.
So whst eill you be doing with the russian jumbo jet you bought? Spending other people's money again?
Liar Liar Pants on Fire!
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/27/the-white-house-has-cut-a-deal-with-boeing-for-two-new-air-force-ones-nbc-news.html … The deal between the Trump administration and Boeing is expected to total $3.9 billion. The Pentagon deferred to the White House. What great negotiation skills you managed to drop the price a little below 4 billion
Who is the big dog now
I love this man and I'm dam sure not gay. Your the best Mr Trump this is why I voted for you, always finding ways to allow hard working taxpayers to save money. Thank you. Come fellow Americans I think its time to have national thank you Mr President trump day
The only reason he's doing it is because Barrack Obama used it.
OK - so the budget cost for AIR FORCE ONE was always $4 BILLION.

Where are these fake savings of $10 BILLION DOLLARS as you, Trump, claim you negotiated?  LOL!

FAKE NEWS!

#MAGA #MAGA_IMPEACH_TRUMP
4 Billion, cancel order!  3.9 Billion, Sold! (To the highest bidder,  the American tax payer with interest to last an entire family tree)
They should cancel the order. When it comes time to make a deal send in Trump telling him "show us how it's done".
Yes cancel the sucker now!! @Boeing
so you ordered it for 3.9$ billion! such a good negociator you are
its not your plane Mr President.  You can't take it with you win you leave office. it's Air Force One, , it's Our plane. American, so why upgrade?
Says the guy who put a $21 million refrig in AF1. You are such a phony baloney cardboard cut out. #ResignNow #Treason
The art of the deal looks like negotiating with Boeing to get the cost of the two new AF1s down from $4bil to $3.9bil. A grand savings of 2.5%.

Air Force One is primed to receive an upgrade that will include new refrigerators expected to cost American taxpayers nearly $24 http://million.wow  I guess those diet cokes got to go somewhere
The last thing America needs is a cabinet full of billionaires helping the richest get richer. Do the right thing. Resign.
Agreed
 but retaining present #AirforceOne means @realDonaldTrump will fly 1991 vintage equipment - & renege upon a delivery intended for 2023!
is going to renegotiate and not allow inflated prices..he knows how much they really cost he has several 
You might want to check the differences in specs for AF1 and what he flies.
it's so much more than a commercial plane. Trump owns NOTHING like it.
May be it is better to consider #Antonov aircraft as Air Force One?
но сначала нужно 700000000 $ для того что-бы заместить компоненты из РФ 
У світі не розуміють вашої козлячої мови. Говоріть англійською!
у свити исть тика ссылочка у каждум твити  "показать перевод"  оленяка ты бестолкова, ненавистяку разжигаюша
для початку треба навчитись ПИСАТИ ГРАМОТНО РФійською - щоб перекладач міг козляцьку мову перекласти)
ты не понял посыла, кто б сомневался, убогим дано только разжигать.
"посыла"?"разжигать"?? "посил" в тому що ви - БІЛІ І ПУХНАСТІ???  https://informnapalm.org/database  "разжигатклі
скажи спасибо Тягнибоку, Ярошу, Яценюку и особ. Турчинову. И тем "хлопцам" под Корсунем...тоже.
& yet, you won't even reveal your tax returns... hmm... I see an error here
Okay Hillary Clinton, sorry to get your liberal panties in a wad but it's not required that a president release his tax returns. So If you're so he'll bent on having his released how about you post your tax returns on Twitter for all of us to see. Thanks
Grow up and stop telling lies!Boeing Exec doesn't like you to you in turn put out lies about Boing contract. #GrowUp #Lies @realDonaldTrump
Boeing CEO questions your trade policy and you respond with this.  Sounds like a veiled threat!
instead of a 747 how about switch it to a 777 which will be cheaper to operate
Position as officers to shoot and hurt people unnecessarily. Check Mr President Donald Trump. I have strong faith you will.
are these numbers talked with stock holders?
I agree, @realDonaldTrump. Cancel that order so you have to use a 30+ year old plane. Maybe it'll go down with you in it. #wishfulthinking
so you tank the stock and Boeing gives you a million for inauguration. Blackmail is the thing now?
The Democrats have been blackmailing since Bill Clinton slept with Monica back in the 90s. Be careful who you call a blackmailer.
I think it's a contract. An order is something you would cancel at Taco Bell or something.
ah yes and the $26 billion dollar wall you want to build is logical.
Donald you ever think before running your mouth?
Tanks,smart move, knew I' voted for a smart and good man, make America great again.!!
where are you getting these figures?  You are in a position of power now and must think of how your words affect others.
This from the guy who bragged about being smart for not paying taxes @realDonaldTrump
You are full of shit. Pathological Liar. Pathetic.
Cancel your penthouse security. You're going to be president, not king.
You did this to punish the CEO for criticizing you. That is horribly dangerous and un-american. You are not my president!
well mr trump you kinda have to get a new plane every 30 years or so otherwise is just gonna be impractical.
-$4B, source?  But, I agree.  AF1, as well as SecSvc, should be on the cheap. I look forward to the next president, Pence.
is ok with spending  $1 million a day of tax payers dollars so he can stay in his golden castle in NYC. #DumpTrump
- Thanks for standing up against the graft and abuse, you've inherited from the Democrats !!

Hey Brainiac, how much are you costing taxpayers to provide Secret Service Protection to your tenants in NY? Cancel that
ask someone smart before you open your mouth
must you always shoot from the hip without first collecting facts!!! Cancel you!
Please send a list of the companies you're boycotting.  I want to be sure they're on my list of acceptable vendors.
they should build one for you with an ejector seat that launches you out into space
way to go. Just the beginning.
good job out of 4 billion how much of that does the lil people have to pay.i pay enough all rdy.
They havnt even signed a contract. Where do you get the 4 billion. Wank on.
Serious question, what are you going to replace it with and do you own stock in the company?
he said an important thing: white house staffs out any comment presidents make to check for accuracy. You lie all the time.
My #1 priority is the protect President Trump even paying $4 billion or more. Provided that Boing won't rip us off either.
Great move @realDonaldTrump! Make them reevaluate their Armageddon Monster Armadillo $4B dollar #Boeing Big Bird ice cream scoop prices.
Here's how to send a message: convert a B-52 into the new AF-1
Boeing will rip us off at every turn. Karl Rove on Fix News today doesn't know of what he speaks. Don't listen 2 him. Lies.
Why does the USA want to pay a Premium  for an aircraft that is being phased out by commercial carriers?
I stand corrected, you wouldn't actually fly on the new plane at all, as it is due for 2024.
If only Mussolini had had twitter!
4 billion is a LIE.  Like most of what comes out of your mouth.
yeah, cancel those 2 or 3 planes...who needs all that security and techo-wizardry anyways?!
Like you almost studied this .....Duh.
Yes!!!!!!!
You have no idea what you are talking about. Please stop being a child.
Donald, take Boeing to China and get a cheap price for a Jet.
This may be one step in the direction of draining the swamp.
Then why are you spending $24million for 2 lousy refrigerators?  Seriously?
you're and idiot man. Felling better?
Pack a cooler then instead of replacing the "chillers" for 23 million... HYPOCRISY!
@POTUS Why do you need to spend $23 million on 2 refrigerators in Air Force one? Wasteful spending and out of control costs! #politics @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems #TrumpShutdown #govtshutdownfacts #shutdown2018
thank u Mr president for finally making a excellent cancel order for now right lol.
so trump the billionaire wants to act like a commoner

Well he did jump out of his limo and stop a NYC mugging.
$24M for refrigerators/refrigeration units? Are we serious here? Can't spend it on more important items like education, and health care? What a loser!!!! Start taking it out of their pockets I bet that $24M price tag will drop real quick!
But $24 million for refrigerators that can store 3,000 meals is ok.seriously, u can leave mcdonalds food out & it doesn't spoil...so.......
He has his own jet and plans not to leave the presidency so a new plane isn't needed. How many presidents have had their own jets? hmmm
Do not use $$$$$ 24,000,000taxpayer dollars to pay for your disgutsing eating habits.  #youmakemesick
You, sir, need to get a grip!  Do you realize how many of your supporters don't even have refrigerators?
So why is it ok now to spend 24 mil on refrigeration?  McDonalds food does not have to be refrigerated.
People don’t understand the meaning of preventive maintenance. President Trump didn’t cause the chiller units to fail . Its caused by wear and tear ,the same things that we all face  in our home or work place.  But remember  Trump cancelled the new Jet order to save billions of $
Took the bait and swallowed.
Are they gold plated for goodness sakes give me a break
Cancel it!!!
hope you enjoy that new fridge that's being installed!! $23 million BIGLY!!!!
I agree Mr. Trump
buono speriamo che presto le compagnie aeree possano rinnovare il loro parco e caso mai con aerei che consumano meno 
Yep, Toddler - elect this is so you
2.6 more American voters would prefer saving money on Air Force One, especially if you are on board
lol. delete ur account pls. just delete it. and then resign from presidency. BYE.
lol he won't be. he will be IMPEACHED! cant wait 4 them to IMPEACH trump lol! impeach him NOW!! :D
We as a country dont need an airplane that can go in and out of orbit, we need a president who stays on the ground... lol.
: never walk on DC street; would love to be at trump inauguration but can't on SS fixed income.
cancel that Boeing contract!! Ridiculous $$ spent.
shouldn't you be talking to Boeing? Negotiate maybe? Someone please help him
All I do everyday is negotiate with fraudulent contractors and havie them reduce costs!!!  Way to go D-Man!! U need me!!!
Mr Trump, please let Boeing know which features you want left off the plane I order to reduce the cost.
do you intend on giving the contract to China?
, cancel the vote, too!
Good on u to cancel plane order Mr. Trump. Btw, I predicted u wd win election. Your campaign strategy was interesting.
Good idea.
Another lie!
oh yeah? How are taxpayers going to have to foot the bill for you not moving into the White House? Con artist you are!

@jrsski1   PLEASE & THANK YOU!
4 billion dollars. PEOPLE ARE DYING OUT HERE PRESIDENT TRUMP! under @BarackObama
YOU don't have to fly in it, Mr. #NotMyPresident
smart man
We agree with you on the plane's. But not about Mitt Romney, he will work against you,do not trust him.Not as Sect.of State
.@realDonaldTrump i'm sorry, did you say congeal tumor? Press pound for more options.
if you give your security detail at Trump tower a four day weekend, that Air Force one plane could be paid off.
@christinacobb92 then Boeing donated one million dollars to #TrumPutin now they're great again hey crooked Donny littlehand
Have you canceled the order for the replacement? How about the 24 million for replacement refrigerators on the current plane?
- Do you understand that you need to stop Tweeting and actually start learning how to be a President?
and the workers?
Its not just airplanes, Mr President Elect. You should see the incredible waste in Govt IT projects! No compete contracts!

@SMBloanguru Just like that? No concerns about contracts or what goes into Air Force One?
you probably ordered it and duh...it's $24M.
You say $4B----FAKE NEWS. Fake news.
Thank you Mr President!    <3
He dont wanna go behind the obamas...u know he racist....smh
Oh, but you'll install $23 million refrigerators? #hypocrite
You spent 24 million on a new fridge for the current one!!
Did you cancel that order?
cancel food chillers......23 million......this is food for the press.....no...no...no......cancel now Mr.Trump!
@realDonaldTrump
Use your own $$ for your lavish style, instead of Taxpayer money
but the cost of the refrigerators is fine? Thats what "fiscally responsible" really means to GOP spend spend spend unless it involves the needy: working poor seniors kids, disabled poor - then hey let em fend for themselves #magaIMPEACHTRUMP #godoffalarty
now you're outfitting airforce one with $23 million refrigerators. Hmm.
what about those 2 #refrigirators that cost 23 million? #trump #MAGA
We all know what you're doing creep! We will stop you!
You should tweet to Boeing to layoff those lazy over paid workers, they can build better planes in Normay anyway!!!
I think that at this point, we can actually formulate a scientific law - for every whiny Trump tweet, there is a whiny Trump tweet from a few years ago directly contradicting it.
wait isn't any military plane that the president is on called Air Force one? Can we just use a CRJ200 and call it that?
If the VC-25 flies, why replace it?  I thought Congress only appropriated $1.25B for the 2 new 747s.
Aww, so that's why you want to cancel AF1 - you got your feewings hurt by Boeing!

http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/columnists/ct-boeing-china-trump-robert-reed-1206-biz-20161205-column.html …
good job. now are we need to know is where your going to put that 4 billion
@EricTrump @realDonaldTrump is Garth Brooks and kid rock for inauguration ghost books and kid rock for inauguration Garth Brooks
In light of their jeopardizing our national security by outsourcing to India..I applaud you for canceling
It's NOT $4 Billion it's much less. Why must you always lie?
did you pull that $4billion out of the RDB (rectal database)? Seems to be where you get your "facts" from.
THIS IS NOT A GAME!!! HC's voters are still here!! WE DID not VOTE for you.
I agree with you!
it's less than 4billion and that's for 2 jets. You truly are a jackass
I'm sure the President of Boeing saying 'mean things' about you had nothing to do with this tweet, you fucking clown.
_*With $4.2 billion put 28,000 agents on the border with Mexico, 1951 miles, at 500 yard intervals. Ride Trump Airlines!*_
Good decision.  Government spending is out of control.  Thank you!
What about their jobs?  Didn't Boeing pay you enough?
DON'T FORGET TO KEEP IN TOUCH WITH JIM WEBB AND TULSIE GABBARD FOR THEIR OPINIONS.  GREAT PEOPLE.
Mr President-to-be, you really made me suprise!
you're a liar
