because Holt was obviously biased. Pathetic.
wish you would have brought it all up
corruption, lying and bad judgement.
#BoycottNBC
"I splash on yo bitch with the water."

              - @UglyGod
And you didnt raise these issues...#Disappointes
and nothing on your tax returns either...

I think you need to press her,  DJ.  And STOP repeating yourself!!!
you should have nailed her on emails and cyber. You missed a softball.
stay away from corrupt foundation when you said "I hope" mine isn't.
You're a looooooser!  #SniffSniff #sniffles #TrumpTookHook #LyinDon #RacistTrump
Nothing on YOUR constant lies.  Nothing on corrupt Trump Foundation.  Nothing on illegal bribes to avoid prosecution.
contact me.  Project heart and soul.
Yo @realDonaldTrump you should let your son's debate for you because you absolutely suck at it
they covered all of those
Calm down Donald there are more debates, if you didn't go on about nothing and repeat yourself there might have been time
How do I not pay taxes???
then bring that up!! Make her sweat it out and force her in a corner then! #HillaryForPrison
.sorry trump you http://lose.you  should kept you cool
@GOP the entire #MIddleeast is burning b/c of YOUR FAILED #iraqwar !!!
you want to talk about corrupt foundations? try the one with your name on it.
Hillary said her plan is in her book. Gotta pay to see it. Shameless book promotion in a debate.
told my husband he could use that word in regards to Hillary. But it got him a 2 day suspension at the casino.Dementia no filter
I wasn't kidding about the dementia either
Nothing on emails was your fault. You missed it when they brought up cyber.
it appears that Lester's  'issues' are not America's issues. But they are Hillarys issues.
why didn't you go after them also and not let the media set the agenda. you. know they are on her pocket
And nothing said about the Clinton Kill List
SHOULD HAVE BROUGHT UP BENGHAZI WHEN TALKING ABOUT ISIS AND HER ROLE IN LIBYA SITUATION.
Fuck off!!!!! You wannabe natzi! Everything that comes out of your mouth is SHIT!
they don't want to ask her those questions. Corrupt debate.
why didn't you use it?!
Debate Ignored Hillary Clinton's Pro-Abortion Views
. And nothing on slush fund Trump Fnd, your pay to play or your tax evasion. You got off easy and still blew it.
why beat a dead horse?

glorious
I had so many #triggered trump supporters in my mentions that day lmao
Can you please not make fun of the future US President.
It's a joke i like to piss people off on twitter lol
I don't know what a joke is but that sounds offensive...Im offended and triggered.
Please locate your safe space and try to not let any words hurt you lol
Im crying lmaoo
WHY didn't you bring them up? Hillary out debated U tonight, and put you on the defensive! Prepare & be nice 4 next debate.
Your buddy Lauer already covered the emails PLENTY
nothing on race, still not releasing your tax returns, no comment on banning Muslims from the country but ur right
You need to bring ip those things yourself, media will never do it.
saving it for round 2 or 3 hopefully
So you handled it like talking to the Mexican president about paying for the wall. You blew it. #weaktrump
Hillary Clinton Exposed!
Let's see your taxes.
A disgusting playboy not as bad as being untrustworthy criminal who buys votes with emotion manipulation.
Benghazi? Nothing there no evidence of a stand down please respect wishes of ambassador involved and don't try to blame HRC
Quit lying we have the emails. #murder #standdown
Of course you're a fan of the sex predator.
@rudygiulianiGOP #GoFigure. #TrumpPence
@trumpkek altho #HillaryCheated #TrumpWon Election #AmericanismVsGlobalism #TrumpismyVoice #IamPepe #makeamericagreatagain
Corruption -- like not paying your employees like me?
Bad Employess should not be payed.
All of those ppl Trump didn't pay were bad? What about his six bankruptcies? Trump doesn't pay his bills
what are his 515 businesses? Another gullible Trump supporter!! Sucks 2 b u
If you're okay with his 6 bankruptcies and not paying ppl. Then I understand your name
@rudygiulianiGOP you don't need to be a rocket science to understand that. NOTHING IS NOTHING.
Look at the Benghazi reports of George W. and Ronnie reagons past...Never brought up, eh?

When the remains of 4 soldiers ambushed in Benghazi returned home, both Obama and Clinton were there.

When the remains of 4 soldiers ambushed in Niger…
Benghazi -Not protecting American Territory & then spinning the blame on a video-Treasonous!  Impeachable!
@gcamp4 @hillaryclinton conveniently remembers nothing when it has to do with possible guilt, very interesting.
Birds of a feather flock together lol am I right? Pussy grabbing club besties. Cute.
nothing but allegations v #Trump not 1 single nice thing 2 say abt Trump.speaks volumes generous NOT.
You two are liars. It will be a pleasure watching you lose!!
nothing on #immigration #noamnesty #h1bAbuse or anything else the voters care about either
Hillary will be prosecuted whether she wins or lose, Donald. America is above her and Obama mischief. You need to win now!
I know. They were so mean to you. It was 3 against one. Totally ganging up on you. #sarcasm #MAGA MakingAmericaGropeAgain
TRAGIC TRUMP AND DEMENTED RUDY!!!
@djss1grgr
Immorality and Indecency should not be a part of a U.S. Presidency - Not  good leadership example. However
#IgnorantNationDay And still nothing on your http://taxes.WTF  are you hiding?RussianDebt More portraitsof yourself?
@PatVPeters tell all your followers to vote anybody but Republican for the Senate traders must pay
because that's all bulkshit. Did you bury Regan when Beruit happened? No.
bullshit? Get your #factcheck in order.
dude how much is he paying you? Out with it. His outrage is fake. He's wrong on half his comments. He's ill.
read more sources! You have enough time; read the data dumps!
Not a single question about "Slave The Children Foundation". Oh that's right. TPP is bad all of a sudden.
Nothing on the ultra-corrupt Trump Foundation at the debates either. Shocking.
Her phony denial of TPP  equates to higher price on her pay to play SLAVE THE CHILDREN FOUNDATION.  Stop Her Don.
Disappointed you didn't take her DOWN on some openings- Especially cyber security!!! Could of buried her!! Next time
I waited for you to bring up Bengazi.
You act as if you weren't there.  wasn't it your job to bring it up?  Just admit you were woefully unprepared.
Are your advisors just mutes? Good Lord, hire me. I will steer you in the right direction. Pull your head out!!! #Trump2016
Next time you run the show, the biased moderators will always be skewed left.
go Trump. Be more aggressive. Trump that biatch
nothing on u n immigrants, ur taxes or black lives matter either answer those trump
Well. He didn't  mention your crooked charities either. Stop whining. #Debates2016
#Debates2016 @HillaryClinton says @realDonaldTrump settles rent case, makes him racist. Husband settles rape case, makes him rapist.
Forget the Clinton Campaign. Respond to @Fahrenthold ?’s & allegations honestly and you win. Simple
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight
How many affairs have you had compared to Hillary?
@Always_Trump @realDonaldTrump doesn't have to SAY "You did Business Deals" #Obvious #Libya #Benghazi ##HillNo #TrumpPence16 #WebsiteBalogna
why didnt u bring it up?
That was your job @realDonaldTrump ! You failed and let her come through relatively unscathed
Why can't you pick next moderator? Hannity or Savage
The US District Court for the Southern District of New York (Case No. 08-CV-7900) @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @SAMMTittle2016 @HillaryClinton
Bring up Clinton's charitable donations.....to her own foundation.
You need to find ways to bring all of  Hillary corruption up!

Keep her on defence!
Dat #Clinton privilege!
is true!!!
it's already been beating to death
And FYI 
Bush deleted 22 million in the news one week 
Hillary deleted 33 thousand in the news one year and over 23 million
@TeamTrumpAZ Great Job Donald!She should be in jail! Navy Vet!
I am a big fan & supporter but with all do respect Mr. Trump you had the opportunity to bring all that up,
nail her to the wall on everything in the next debate, light the fuse and watch her implode with more lies
Missed opportunities to wham blast her. Leave no stone unturned. Emails/server, benghazi, Foundation Bill and his women
nothing on the corrupt Trump Foundation either, using other peoples money, what you gonna do with countrys money you hack
Praying for you tonight!
@rudygiulianiGOP truly and utterly ridiculous! Way to own that debate @realDonaldTrump
@omahabe2 Uhad opportunities to bring then up
And not a damn thing on tax returns or why you continued to deny Pres Obama's citizenship after showing his birth cert.
and nothing about your ongoing case of raping a 13yo girl. I guess we only had 90 mins, though.
Why didn't you bring them up and you mentioned Bernie Sanders only once? #Debatenight #Debates2016
you took the bait she laid almost every time! This ain't the boardroom. Crush her like you know you can, brother!!
HRC the Mistake and Order Candidate!
you need to drill her on Benghazi and Clinton foundation!
Quit whining.
your sexism?
YOU :IE HUUUUGE!
you're turning into a  Romney.
maybe you should have asked her?¿
its easy to attack one not establishment. but the issue is they are not winning david and goliath
you choked!
@GOP and u #racisttrump your dad being a KKK member and u with crooked @AGPamBondi that's coming next time lol @maddow @nbc
and nothing from you with respect to anything of substance
You should have hit those things tonite. Your next debate looks like it will be with the IRS. You can't keep lying to them.
.@realDonaldTrump Don't cry Donny. Maybe you can learn how to form complete sentences between now and the next debate. Checkmate #Hillary
thats your fault u should have brought that up
bc she is INNOCENT, agent orange! #no stamina #no clue #no knowledge #deplorable #jumpinthebasket
it's up to you to bring it out at the next debate! Don't be so polite! Our country is at stake & we're counting on you!
so why did you allow that?  She humbled you badly and she controlled the http://debate.you  were afraid to attack her.
it was a debate Donald. Conspiracy Theories don't qualify as legit questions. Go soak your head.
someone is butt hurt!! 
and you expected them to ask?? Find a way to work in into your response.  #Americans need to know #HillarysLiesMatter
Your were tasked to bring these up and annihilate Hillary. Why did you fail?
if moderator doesn't mention it directly, take the lead on subjects such as cyber security! Perfect opening!
Lester Holt aka Candy Crowley...Bias Or
$$$$$
>@realDonaldTrump You would have had a better debate performance had you stayed home in your gilded apartment.
@Always_Trump THEN BRING IT UP....YOU HAVE THAT RIGHT..like the THAT WAS NO MISTAKE...BIST HER ON THIS NEXT TIME
you couldn't even answer your own questions.
FU
You need to bring it up next time. Answer a question with, "What difference, at this point - What difference does it make?"
don't talk your useless smack now!
it's okay WE KNOW! who done it! No mystery there! Head Up! You Da Guy! : ) with respect of course! UNITED!
, Lester disappointed me.   He was so soft on Clinton.
Well, you didn't bring them up either...did you avoid the Foundation due to your own Foundation issues? Sad
You should have brought them up, dummy. That's what prepared debaters do. You thought you could wing it, this is on YOU.
Losers blame others for their mistakes. You are convincing this undecided...
nothing about the Trump foundation paying your legal fee or buying self portraits.go ahead bring up the Clinton Foundation
because it's old, tired, dead, and no guilt was proven.  You're grasping.  It looks bad on you.
What haters the man got embarrassed, shows her don't know nothing about nothing.
But Sophia, what does all that stuff "have to do with being president?"
SO True!!
YOU HAVE TO BRING THESE THINGS UP IF THEY DON'T ASK ABOUT IT... THEY WON'T!  THEY'RE CORRUPT.  YOU MUST BRING IT UP!!!
Well you're on stage, stop talking about your polls and bring these topics up.
Poor Donny! It's just not fair that he lost! It was his microphone..no it was the moderator..unfair questions..time of day?
nothing on you bribing Bondi   nothing on Trump foundation breaking laws
YOU DID WONDERFUL-YOUR SUPPORTERS KNOW WHERE YOUR HEART IS FOR . SHE IS NOT! BENGHAZI-EMAILS-FOUNDATION NEXT TIME DO IT
Lester Holt was intimidated.
Stop repeating the same answer numerous times, Lester Holt would've had time to bring up the emails, FBI investigation, etc
YOU will have to bring it up. THEY WON'T!!
@terrymendozer @emanuelmccray @HandsandButtons @TrumpGenius = The Transparency of DA LEFTIST. I C A lot clearer now. Thanks
then it's up to you to get subject(s) into the debate/spent 2 much time in weeds of taxes/birther/Iraq war/she played you!
yey, what a shame!  How dare Lester force you to stick to the issues/stick to speaking your plan for making America thrive
yes donald, you are right, I have never seen such a biased debate in my living days. #realdebatesnomoderator
yeah it was a bs debate but u won regardless! Good job!
nothing but lis from trump. the questions came from voters.
Why didn't you bring anything up?? Only watched the first hour.  You were very disappointing.
@Always_Trump  Donald you missed big targets, foundation ambassador Stevens, Bill etc
@REALStaceyDash nothing on Trump univ or rape cases!
U got 2 more debates left.
you could have brought it up anytime
You mean there weren't more topics for you to lie about? Darn.
Nothing on phony Trump foundation either.
No tax returns=NO VOTE 
Plain and simple
or on your corrupt foundation. Try shutting up and listening to others
Lester's pet...she should be out seeing how nafta affected small towns..but she won't
YOU need to turn the conversation to those issues! Don't let her escape w/o answering for her failed actions.
of course not Lester is voting for Hillary
once again you lie and get away with it. Emails were talked about. You lost.
nothing on your #TrumpTaxes nothing but more #TrumpLies
@gthbucks why not talk about how she jas 'fought for children' her whole career yet advocates abortion-including late term!
Nothing on Wall St transcripts, Middle East on fire, Mexican boarder, letting more Muslims in, inner city disaster!Come on!
Why didn't you bring it up Donny?
For Oct 9, @realDonaldTrump MUST pivot, move, stick and jab, then knock that wench out! EMAILS, SERVER, FOUNDATION, BENGHAZI = OVER!!!
WE ALL NOTICED TOO MR. TRUMP, BELIEVE ME!!!
