History is made by your noble mind and merciful heart. All deals must be on the public table based on the rules of law.
the law, ha ha ha ha when did u ever follow the law
Focusing on your "ultimate job responsibility" by leaning on our Constitution and your phenomenal life's experience to win
LIAR& SOCIOPATH
sir i wanna asked you something what,s the plan for Christian's of pakistan from your side ,becoze we are in trouble
WE ARE YOUR BOSS
not "morally" or "ethically" just "visually"?
We are with you all the way.  Hope you give us old folks a SS raise too. Obama spent it on ISIS.
you're clueless. @realDonaldTrump
Hahahahahahahahahaha hahahaha
YOU'RE FUCKED... TRAITOR!

You just keep getting better. I just hope nothing happens to you because those demoncarts are probably out to get you.
Visually important is key term. Perception is all that matters, not truth! Pay close attention to this snake oil salesman
you are such a lar, and ignorant of the Constitution, Emollients Clause anyone? Look it up, I am sure it is on wikipedia
Actually, you are.
Actually Mr. Trump deserves a chance as we give every newly elected president. I
Lying #Hypocrite
Mr. Trump Title 18 section 208- says as president you are unable to be in a state of conflict of interest
mr trump in advance of your making america great again. I thank u for my children and grandchildren
REMEMBER WHEN YOU TWEETED THIS? NOVEMBER 30, 2016!! TIME IS ALMOST UP!! YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING TO DIVEST! SHOW US YOUR TAXES
you are lying through your teeth
Then put ALL your businesses in a TRUST, release all your taxes & financesand stop praising Putin who DID Cyberattack us!
Your cabinet members? Surrounding yourself with uber rich individuals, empowering them, and slashing corporate tax?
"Visually important".  Please take a speech-writing class.  Listening to you is painful for educated people.
like having UR daughter sit in w/Dicaprio to discuss green ideas that are connected to the presidency? No conflict there.
Put up or shut up.  Release your tax returns.
You're a phone, a fraud.
#NotMyPussyGrabbingRacistPresident
Uh huh...and how are you going to pull that off?? Looks like it's going to be impossible...go ahead a back out...
then divest instead of creating this sham
you don't understand what a conflict of interest is, and you don't have the moral standing to be the president.
delusional if you dont sell everything your  work will only profit you & your company you are a small selfish cry baby
It's not "visually" important, it's vital to our national security. Which you clearly don't give a damn about.
Why so many fake followers?  #illegitmatepresident
Donald did you see the "Wasteful Spending List" By Congressman Bill Posey . You may already Know.
#ImpeachPutinsPuppet
visually, visually oh god. You have absolutely no idea do you ..we are all doomed 
PROVE IT, AND DIVULGE YOU TAXES WHILE YOU ARE AT IT...
as a matter fact you are mandated to completely divest yourself of your businesses. This is the umpteenth lie. #Counting
LIAR
sell ur companies and start a true blind trust, not a how blind is america trust.  Always the scammer. Just like g'pa huh
I'll believe that when I see it
So you just want the appearance of it being important, not actually important @realDonaldTrump
but you haven't.
What you mean "visually important?" You make it look that way, but it's another lie?
lame stream media blasting you anyway no matter what you do
Visually important? What about actually important. #trumpsmokeandmirrors.
liar liar pants on fire. You are not smart enough to be a president; get honest.
knowing you'll put country before your personal interests....-........
"Visually important", not "actually important."  Got it, thanks for clarifying.
You are already on the take-diplomats are staying at your DC property and saying they are doing it to curry favor with you.
Except that you are. I know you've never read it, but might I suggest the US Constitution as some light reading.
you violate the US Constitution if you get money through your businesses from foreigners
#Resist
smoke and mirrors. #DonTheCon
Its not that its "visually important", its that its corrupt. You can profit directly from your own position & policies.
Good move. You have raised and taught them well. No doubt they will succeed.
It's not "visually important", it's unconstiutional to profit from foreign governments while POTUS https://rdeliason.com/2016/11/29/the-emoluments-clause-bribery-and-president-trump/ …
yeah but you're still going to be the exec producer of a reality tv show and accept that salary sooooooo?
Regulate these politicians.!!.  Conflict of interest is out of control.
"All of us as leaders can hold ourselves to the highest standards of integrity and decency.” - Paul Ryan, March 23, 2016.
"I AM CHUCK JONES" - YOU are out of order! ABUSING OUR 1st Amendment. FIND ME & DARE YOU TO COME AFTER ME
U have such a grand heart! I am very grateful for your Mother,Mary McCloud. She was willing to come to Amer. from Scotland.
your not even president yet and your already doing a fabulous job.
it's called a blind trust
Don't worry Donald we believe you!!!
what about:Constitution expressly forbids a president to receive payments or gifts from foreign governments #STOPLYING
#trumpisawhinnylittlebitchwithsmallhands
it is visually important? Sending u a Thesaurus
you are not president until you're sworn in. Keep that in mind next time you call a country
Ps.20.4
May he give you the desire of your heart and make all your plans succeed. #OneNationUnderGOD #MerryChristmas [1/2]
#InGodWeTrust #GodBlessAmerica [2/2]
All you care about is appearance.  Truth is, you DO have massive conflict of interest.
VISUALLY important?  Meaning you don't want anyone to see your conflict of interest, which is vast.
- Keep your kids and their spouses out of government business. No one wants more Bushes or Clinton's! Looks bad.
@realbencarson is a great choice!
"Visually" Reality = conflict of interest will not go away until you divest completely and place proceeds in blind trust.
as President, it's really important to Act your Age & stop the hypocrisy bc we all know you care about 1 person - YOURSELF
u believe you own bullshit   we dont #manBaby
Ps.119.2
Blessed are those who keep his statutes and seek him with all their heart— #InGodWeTrust #OneNationUnderGOD [1/2]
#MerryChristmas #GodBlessAmerica [2/2]
Not just visually but reality is what's important
Right. Right. No problem.
https://www.facebook.com/gloria.jackson.58760/posts/10209848738308966?notif_t=notify_me&notif_id=1480981449224673 …
Hey Donnie--you got it. "Visually important" is damn str8. I'm into the way things look too! Nice one!
You actually are mandated to do that under law... Read up on Jimmy Carter sometime, if you can.
You're in over your head. Danielle Muscato is right.  #SiberianCandidate
You are not the President yet !
Most of us who posess critical thinking skills see through the facade. You're more crooked than the "E" in Enron.
how do you plan on doing this with your children in charge?
#ChildrenInCharge=ConflictOfInterest
your such a fake, liar. you will not give up control ok f your business.  It's a sham and shame
time will tell.
Your trumpets will keep. You informed and seek advice from their dishonest corrupt father.
If you think that the American people will believe that you won't be involved in your businesses u r crazy.
You still have a conflict of interest.  You need to give up all the money as well.
.@realDonaldTrump I hope you mean "vitally" important, but you probably do mean "visually".
well one law followed I guess ! #croneycapitalist
now union leaders ? Unions where formed because of people like you
with your failing business...
whatever,  you have already demonstrated U R pay for play. Just shut up & leave. Majority hates you screech
Then don't do the President
ok great! Let's see those tax returns!
why do I not believe you.
you know even less about being the president than I thought.
I want to say something really fucking mean but I'm not going to but you aren't my president  #notmypresident
He says he wants to keep jobs, but everything indicating he is going to blow them.

#DonaldBlowsJobs
preach 
what does "visually important " mean exactly?
hope u make it a crime 4 elected 2 profit from their service! NO PENSIONS FOR ELECTED PUBLIC SERVICE
then you better not speak with your children or the spouses for the next four years. You can't keep your hands out of it
.@realDonaldTrump 1/ Visually there's still a tremendous #conflictofinterest...
2/ And of course they're still legally precluded from advising you and/or having access to confidential information
#resist #Trevor Noah Brilliantly describes your ignorant view of a blind trust
[vizh-oo-uh-lee] adverb 
1.by appearance; perceptible by one's mind; of the nature of a mental vision (i.e., a mirage)
yeah, you're such an honest guy. not.
"visually?"
.WE.UNDERSTAND.the.Complexity..&.Serve.The.American.People.and.Your.Family..."http://All.Boats.rise.in .High.Tide."..
I love your use of ""visually" so just make it LOOK like there is no conflict. I see you. NOT MY PRESIDENT
Who cares your super rich and super intelligent. Now fix this mess we call America. I will vote for you again in 4 years.
More like yr figuring out how to give the impression of it so you dont have to hear ab it anymore
wrong! Read: “emoluments clause”, Article I, Section 9 of the constitution
Oh so  all of them can have  business but you can.t. How so typical of the democrats. Double standard A holes
Too late. You use your new political power to get what you want (Scotland) and make $3 mil/yr renting floor @ TT to SS
Just visually?? Don't you mean it's important period?? Or is this a scam??
I will believe you want to be POTUS when you turn all businesses over to a BLIND trust, with no family members involved.
"while i'm not mandated..." hamfisted clause confirming you have no intention of giving up working for D. Trump while in WH
If you own them, there's always conflict or the appearance of conflict. Good luck selling your family plan.
You fool nobody.
You'll still know where your business properties and deals are located.  You will still act in favor of those interests.
liar
Really, Time spent on our Country not your Business please!
@FoxNews u got a long way to go then buddy. Fox, this isn't a headline btw. It's a tweet by a guy who tweets crazy sh*t
Visually? So, it isn't about fact, just appearances?
the how about you release your tax returns? Or are you above the standards of every other US pres?
, do you mean "vitally important"?
@ant0n_n0vak @realDonaldTrump
hold on homeboy you aren't president yet!
Why only visually important?
Ummm yeah, you would have to. It's a conflict of interest.

you will be the biggest joke of a potus!already can't wait till your ass is out of office!you are a dumbass! Karma!
! You forgot one thing Sir! You are not a democrat...it is ok with them...whatever, they do is ok....

so you will not have your family in the White House. They will still be a conflict of interest
Visually? This is a total conflict of interest, if you didn't want the job of President why did you run. Such a fool
Hey genius, this is maybe the easiest pasrt of Conflict law http://101.You  better figure this out.
you are nothing but a #conflictsofinterest . You risk our futures by lying.
'Visually' imprtant? Is that like playacting in your garage with the neighborhood kids?
oh please!You could give a rat's a$$ about any conflicts of interest that you have.
The only thing that is important to you is the visual. Look in the mirror and fix your hair.
Having you children run you businesses while you're president is still a conflict of interest silly orange man.
yes you do, step up and do the right thing

Visually important?  I have no doubt every economic decision you make will benefit you first,  our country second

yes you do you greedy old jerk your plans at to get richer off the backs of middle America GOD SAVE US!!!
What do you mean "visually important"??  As long as no one sees it happen or reports it, it didn't happen.
visually?  you think this is superficial?  (that means only by how it looks)  real concerns = financial.  doh
visually important? Like Photoshop?
like we believe u, Hitler Jr.
#notmypresident 
Lies!
are you for real?  You are delusional
You're a joke.
Way to go Mr.Trump. This should set an example for all those who have conflicts of interest
