
you mean you buddy @newtgingrich
#AmericaFirst
you should shame of your self
yes need to drain that swamp, get rid of all those "zars". I know you will DTS. Thank God for our President Trump.
Unfortunately you are simply filling it up with more sewage.

LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
please articulate your plan to do so or at least try. And your plan to divest businesses.  Oh and your tax returns?
Trump is King of the swamp.
another lie considering your cabinets is made up of billionaires and career politicos! Keep lying to the American people!
your cabinet is primarily corporate/Wall Street billionaires and DC insiders. #DTS
: Dude your swamp just overflowed with the billionaire club; the uneducated you love want to get into your SWAMP. Make Room
thanks for clearing that up !!!!!!!
And yet you want Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State some draining you are doing  government becoming fetid swamp now

why are you filling multiple new swamps tho
No one expects a snowflake to be able to recognize a successful business leader.
save our honeybees. I am s beekeeper. Ban pesticides
I knew it was BS. Keep debunking them!!
says " I AM THE SWAMP"
.@realDonaldTrump You're saying "always be trying." So, you admitting that you may actually not be successful?
.@realDonaldTrump What other promises  do you admit that you will "always be trying," but may ultimately not be able to keep?
he's a human being, not God. Get off your high horse.
I love it when stupid old white confused men argue @srich10732
Somebody= Newt Gingrich       He knows what your really up to
LOLLLLLL
drain nothing, you are a con man
that was Newt. You twit. Maybe you've met him? Seen him in pictures?
You truly don't understand the concept of "Draining"- ask a Plumber! 
#JoePlumber #GAPOL
I guess since the swamp got voted in... we hear a lot less of it
You FILLED THE SWAMP. Can't do one thing and say another. We are not your supporters. #66MILLIONVOTES. #NOTMYPRESIDENT
reality shows your lying u want it deeper
It would appear that you're draining it right into your cabinet. Well done, liar.
are you calling @newtgingrich a liar?
Trump hates the fact that he lost popular vote by 2,864,974 voters. Remind him with this sticker. http://morevotesmatter.com 
by appointing career politicians, lobbyists, oil execs and bankers to senior government positions?
yes, surround yourself w other winners,anything better than lawyers. They have destroyed the USA
CIA does not like Trump b/c he is putting them out of the Nation Building Business  https://youtu.be/0Z0syHzn2_I  via @YouTube
Your team needs to get their act together. Let us know when everyone's on the same page and you're ready to lead.
لايكثر
Make sure you include USAID if you want things achieved overseas on the ground
@ezralevant retweets your lies but the truth is it was just a phrase that caught on so U used it &actions speak differently
thank you for clearing up this important matter

oh thank god!!! Best line of all time...I was so disappointed when I heard that.
What does swamp mean to you? because your cabinet looks like what you found at the bottom of the swamp.
and fill it with sh$t
You're a pathological liar but the gullibles actually think you mean it, despite all the Goldman Sachsettes you're hiring.
Your not even American you have no right to mingle in are politics!
Everyone mingles when an incompetent lying whackjob like @realDonaldTrump can destroy the world via nukes or climate change ;-)
great to see shitlibs like Jack stew in their own hatred.  Beautiful.
Hey, my hated is funny. Your hatred is stupid and disgusting, just like you ;-)
YOU SHOULD KNOW! DRAINING THE SWAMP COMES FROM YOUR HOMELAND, RUSSIA! #NAZI #TRAITOR
Don't step out when you drain it please. Maga!!!!
Start with yourself Trump.
Then you better start with your own bathtub @POTUS
Is the real purpose of draining the swamp to find all of those golf balls you have lost since taking office?
Then why the hell are you still there?
Oh does that mean you are leaving?
You are the swamp.
Right on
So drain the swamp in " " according to you, doesn't really mean drain the swamp. So what does it mean?
You're not trying to drain the swamp at all, you're refilling it. You are a liar. History will judge you and you're great grandkids will pay
YOU ARE THE SWAMP; FOOL.  YOU WENT AFTER @HILLARY FOR SPEAKING AT GOLDMAN SACHS, THEN YOU FILLED YOUR CABINET WITH GOLDMAN-SACHS EXECS INCLUDING LOSER #MNEUCHIN.
"Trying"
Then leave! Your sinking in it fool!
...to make more room for the monsters?
Start with yourself then.
Every1 is incorrect but u! Ur excessive vanity won't allow us 2 b humble. U will never aspire 2 higher altruistic endeavors
Oh right! Great! When are you going to start doing that then you bewigged poltroon?
you win best insult of the day today...i should really make a plaque for this or something :3
His presidency is going to be a great workshop for insult comedy
Yes it is cause l have never in my life seen so many Americans giving the POTUS pure hell daily.
hes already the most hated pres in history >:3 I think Nero was Loved more&he burnt down half of Roam
it's called AUTO CORRECT or maybe u're too dumb to understand how ur phone operates? And yes he does. He MARRIED me! >:3
Has anyone ever told you that you look silly with that thing on your head?
that's not true !!! filling with successful businessman. That love our country ! 
we the people vote for him and he won !!! Get over it !!!!
"We the cousin diddling nazis." Fixed it for you.@ArleenCandiott1 @Merdite
so @realDonaldTrump incorrectluy stated the term was a joke? Because you on video doing just that!
.@realDonaldTrump is a #sociopath
He will proudly say one thing, one minute~actual opposite, the next
THIS   IS   NOT  NORMAL
is indeed a sociopath! His vision of Peace on Earth = mushroom clouds
Yeah but moving the swamp to the White House isn't what we had in mind.
I will Drain the Swamp right after I fill it up with my Cabinet. #shortfingeredvulgarian
What or who exactly is/are the Swamp. You never made that clear?  A lot of questions not answered?? Need answers!!
wrong
then why are you sticking the so-called swamp with old has-beens like Gingrich Giuliani Flynn?
are malaria-carrying mosquitos a problem in the USA?
your definition is different to those that are not oligarchs
https://youtu.be/dMrQKccHeVs  #MAGA
.@realDonaldTrump which swamp would you start with?
And fill the Cesspool!
I WHOLEHEARTEDLY ADORE DONALD J TRUMP!!! I'M PROUD TO CALL THAT MAN MY PRESIDENT
Funny, considering you are hiring them left and right.  So dangerous, so inept.
.@realDonaldTrump It looks more like you're in the process of appointing shills from the pool of usual suspects to #TrainTheSwamp
I want to trust you+ want you to be a good president but I highly doubt both because you have not been trustworthy or smart
our attention span is greater than 3 minutes , we remember
disect the shit
Instead you're filling the Black Lagoon.
Really, because it doesn't look that way..
Baloney
#DTS #buildanewone   nominations filled with controversial selfserving people...
why are you draining the swamp into my government, lie from the start, totally unfair.... #notmypresident #CNN #FoxNews
someone? That was Newt. Talk to Corey Lewandowski about the swamp.
When does DTS begin? 
Oh right, you never cared to DTS. 
All you hear is,"Money,Money,Money."
Trying is nothing. Do it. @realDonaldTrump
Big Money has jeopardized our wildlife during Obama. Our wolves slaughtered on public land. What will u do?
Only Billionaires that only care about themselves- just like you! No experience except selfishness! DTS? Nice try!
then choose new  cabinet positions cuz rhe swamp has only gotten more murky
You ARE the swamp.
so you filled it with billionaires. I vote.
how exactly are you trying to drain it?? Your cabinet is filled with swamp creatures.  I can't believe how dumb you are.
exactly. You're draining the swamp to reveal all the monsters. Don't understand what the #msm is missing.
By filling it with alligators. Smart move there Donny. Greatest magician since Houdini. Bait and switch like a king.

You always look like you just went ATM
You should start DRAINING THE SWAMP FIRST BY JUMPING OUT OF YOUR GAUDY TRUMP PLANE WITHOUT A PARACHUTE!
You are the swamp.
you fill the swamp with poisonous snakes and vermin of all kinds. You are not draining it, you're are enhancing its danger
This is clunky, especially with the passive voice. It would be better as "I am no longer using the phrase..."
YES AND IT LOOKS LIKE OUR PERFORMERS ARE SWAMP RATS !!!!
Good to hear straight from your twitter. I come here to bypass rumors &'fake' news. Drain the swamp!abolish IRS #fairtax
Even Trump is not stupid enough for Fairtax, he would hire someone to read the fine print. http://fairtaxgoofy.blogspot.com/ 
who the f cares. Learn to do the job you conned America into getting
Start with yourself, for the love of God.
dare you build the wall, I bet you can not build the wall #BuildTheWall
You are not draining anything you will soon be drowning us. McConnell's wife gets a job! What did he promise you?
I guess draining the swamp means bringing in people with no experience for the cabinet post.
THE SWAMP RATS YOU'RE NAMING TO THE CABINET & YOUR ADVISORY STAFF ARE  OVER-POPULATING THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH SWAMP, GOOFY!
lol no
have to find people for your cabinet somewhere  #putinspuppet
The swamped will be drained once you are removed from office!!
you first.
yes... You're DTS right into your cabinet.
we should start DTS with getting rid of you.
I think you got confused.  You aren't supposed to be draining the swamp INTO the White House.
Cheers President Elect !! Merry Xmas 
@wrmilligan 
Merry Christmas Gentlemen.
DJT is draining the swamp . . . and filling it with toxic waste.  Hiring Wall St bankers and corp CEOs.
and run the muck  directly to the White House.  Good job!
Rudy Giuliani said it in an interview.
You are filling the swamp
Turn on the pumps; send in Louisiana Gator Boys focus on Especially the fat political 
THE MAN OF GOD
Is DTS "Donald Trump's Swamp". The swamp is getting scarier by the day.
You may use the phrase but you don't do anything to accomplish that. Because you're a stupid man who is owned already?
Perhaps your definition of "swamp" is different from ours, please explain.
Then stop pissing in it.
Few people realize how vicious are the crocodiles with which you now swim. Sir, you've got BALLS. No other way to say it
Are your #Taxes laying  at bottom of the #Swamp? If so, #DrainTheSwamp!  #TrumpSarcasm
You go President Trump 
What about the false conspiracy, about Barack Obama’s birthplace ?
@mike_pence @TIME 
"GRAB EM BY THE P=u=s=s=y" in the non swamp of course!
By adding more swamp denizens
and then hiring whatever creatures you find at the bottom
Newt needs to keep his lips zipped. He is part of the swamp.
yeah it was @newtgingrich -to deflect question about him being an alligator. Changed subject quick to avoid blame
will you start by resigning?
- 11. IN A MANNER SPEAKING I SUPPOSE I AM ON YOUR TEAM. AS I SINCERELY WANT TO HELP YOU DO THE RIGHT THING FOR AMERICANS!
Both Sides Of The Swamp Need Draining...
newt not cute...Woot!
CWA fix - Sect. 502(7) “navigable waters” should be  historical definition found in Sect. 10 of the Rivers and Harbors Act;
looks to me like you have hired the swamp. Not fooled.
hey  Donald when you're done  dts remember the anacondas need someplace to go!!
Corey Lewandowski Says ‘Drain The Swamp’ Is No Longer A Priority For Donald Trump. Hahahaha!
while you fill it with slimy snakes and gators #onetermtrump
You can say it all you want. Actions speak louder than words & your actions prove you ain't draining anything except tax payers bank accts!
Politician, drain thyself!You & your appointees ARE the swamp that needs draining. You've done more to harm USA since Election Day than ISIS
what are obama's business interests and conflicts
you already drained it and put the swamp monsters in your cabinet.  I'm
grow up and divulge your tax returns.  Baby.
someone???  That was your "friend".  Oops, forgot that was two weeks ago.
