This says subpoena delivered? I hope this is not Fake News! I've posted things lately that made me look stupid? (I might be, but I try and not show it) So, stop with the Fake News everyone! Lelt's just hope this is Real*!
Retract

Former Trump aide Sam Nunberg just dared Robert Mueller to arrest him live on television https://www.vox.com/2018/3/5/17081954/sam-nunberg-mueller-trump-interview?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
Now do something about it
She should be locked up for treason and obstruction of justice.
a man who dodged the draft should not be allowed to run, let alone be president!
CAN YOU RUN IF YOU'RE A RUSSIAN PUPPET?  I THINK THE CIA MAY HAVE SOMETHING TO SAY TO ELECTORAL COLLEGE BEFORE THEY VOTE.
strange it appeared rigged
I can't wait to see the tantrum of the man-boy when important matters get all attention and not him. Waaaaaa! Waaaaaa!
, What's going to happen when all of the attention isn't on the man-boy with small hands because there is real work to do?
Have any more BS talking points to spew? You do know, I hope, that a real president has to WORK, not just tweet all day.
.@realDonaldTrump The only thing is: You're enviuos of her, because you even didn't get 1 mail. Really miserable.
yet someone let you loose as a presidential candidate. You're sub human, you're not a fraction of the man Obama is.
buena quien sas
you're  like the forefathers to this nation. The column this country needed. You're  a father embracing this country!
David defeats Goliath,Donald TRUMP Clinton the giant!
The ugliest became The most beautiful ,
. you go man i hope you got it
And you shouldn't be allowed to either since your prejudice against everyone who isn't your liking.
just voted Trump in Hawaii. Good luck we are with you.
Hypocrite, your the one who should be thrown into jail, "sniffles" rigged!
the headline reads Clinton wins, but the storyline starts off with Trump in the lead.
@GiuseppeAmato97 Youare so right
does anybody else notice that everyone supporting trump is white
You will be talking that same line tomorrow morning when you wake up those EMAILS...
@RAYBAEZ2 and she is tied to anthony weiner
#CrookedHillary ???  How about #TrumpTaxReturns ??? Show us your taxes
if she's so bad, how are you losing?

and you shouldn't be the president either you don't care about us people you will buy your way in, you have this whole time
best wishes from india 
you delete tweets to sanitizer your account. Is there a difference?
yes and Obama wasn't born in America, by the Elvis Presley'sroots are fromage Hawaï "un ain't nothing but a woof woof."
my mommy told me never to name call. Doing so says more about you than it does your victim.
Say it as is Trump, You are Welcome to Nigeria anytime soon. Mr President.
Wait till the courts finish with you and your bogus charity.

Do you really think name calling makes you more of a man. Little tiny bully!
Alice, your ship has left the dock. How many federal investigations is your candidate.
memes bro
neither should a person with no experience on politics , people should stick to their jobs, a shoe maker to shoes !
YOU should not be allowed to run.I'm embarrassed FOR you,you bafoon.
wrong
you shouldn't be allowed to run because you're racist, elitist, and you sexually assault women because you're "entitled" to
you ain't better
and you've sexually assaulted an unknown number of women, lied countless times, denied things you've been recorded saying.
wonen need to SEE pics of the dismemberment procedure as this us what HILLARY supports. Women will be shocked. Change vote.
she is acused of being a pedophile. NYPD arrest her now
Deleting emails is horrible compared to basing a campaign off of hate towards Muslims,Black people and mexicans.
I hope that is sarcastic #ImWithHer #HeIsEvil
duh its sarcasm rip
good #HeIsUnfit4President
I agree!!!
ummmm cat calling kettle black http://www.newsweek.com/2016/11/11/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120.html … #trumphypocrisy
and you deleted your taxes? #looter
why do you insist on undermining the US with false claims of fraud?  Where is your solid evidence?
And how much evidence did you destroy AFTER it was subpoenaed in multiple cases?? Put him in JAIL!! #LoserDonald #deleteyou
You should not be allowed to run for #president because you Sexually Assault women and brag about it! #stopthehate
@moekamerow
@moekamerow  Vote America vote for #TrumpPence16 Americans 1st
true get her out of the race and the White House
American politics has become a circus freak show. I'd rather watch something far more important #NHL way more exciting
You sound ridiculous calling your opponent nicknames. How can we spect you to be good president if you cant be professional
The Democrats shot themselves in the foot by effectively appointing Clinton and rigging the system against Bernie Sanders.
please trump you would do the same thing just like you did when you were under lawsuit. You're also a joke
So what she deleted emails I mean u have done a hell lot worse shit than that trump oh, is it bc u think a woman shouldn't be president
11-8-16 #spartacus
11-8-16 spartacus
vote for trump
Let's see your emails. Tax returns. Bank statements.
so kind of like Bush when he deleted 22million?
why don't you tell us what you're going to do for our country vs. Constantly pointing fingers.   I'd like to hear.
YOU TAX EVADED, RAPED, RACIST COMMENTS, WOMAN ABUSER, WOMAN HATER, AND OWE MILLIONS in DEBT
hillary for prison
Trump tried to sell steaks at Sharper Image.  Clearly, we all make mistakes.
I understand how the system is rigged. I recently learned about "dark money". That needs to be stopped.
& you've lost so much of your dad's $ you don't have to pay taxes. Not illegal, just a failure in business
@HillaryClinton You 2 have got your heads so far up each other's asses that the jaws of life will be needed 4 extractions.
. Cry Baby
Is that all you can do drama queen
@shuyalee Deleting emails? #lockherup
You rig pictures of you and @HillaryClinton to make you look better so stop saying crap about her
and exactly who are your associates? ppl are on to you
https://youtu.be/q-4IHggUcog  see this and share it to make America great again
She never did bussiness with Russia or Cuba
There was orders to delete the emails BEFORE the subpoena!!!  You are the one who wants Russia to find them and destroy us
yawn
and you should after having rape parties with your buddy in Florida
expose her for a fraud and her pro life means full term fetus can die. If you don't want your baby give it up ADOPTION
This from a man who won't even read an email?  You are a loser!!
what the heck, talk about "deplorable"!!!
crooked trump shouldn't be president for being sexist 
you're a liar and you shouldn't have been allowed to run for president #NeverTrump
You shouldn't be allowed to run either because of allegedly raping a child, scamming people from TU, sexual abuse many more
Corrupt Trump should be in jail for fraud,tax evasion, rape,tax evasion #neverTrump #I'mWithHer
hypocrisy at it's finest. Trump does realise that he's one of the world's most hated individuals?
Calling people names makes me dislike you.
both of y'all shouldn't be allowed to run for president, y'all shouldn't even be allowed to breathe
You should never been permitted to run. You have been a real jackass and apparently still are.@MELANIATRUMP @AriMelber
 @mike_pence 

 this was your last tweet before he won the election. You have a terrible life
I'M not the one with: 
No picture
No Twitter Bio
No followers
AND A TWITTER ACCOUNT JUST SET UP FOR @realDonaldTrump LOL
#FuckFaceVonClownstick
destruction of evidence
#RAPIST #SERIAL CHEATER #FRAUD #CORRUPT #RACKETEER #THIEF #LOSER #LIAR #TAX EVADER #PUTIN PUPPET
how many emails did you delete while under investigation???
AFTER testifying that she turned over EVERY relevant email - CROOK! Reminds me of Watergate! And Nixon caught HELL for that
This is totally disgusting to say the least! Drain the Swamp! Lock them up!!



the joy in catching those who think they deleted it and are safe. You are not Crook untill caught!
     Hillary was caught.
You stiffed contractors, Polish workers, built Trump Tower with Chinese steel, paid no fed taxes for 20 years. RIGGED LIFE!
.@realDonaldTrump I repeat, Bush II lost 22 million emails, Rove deleted remaining 3 mil.
isn't it funny cnn had on trumps ralley until he started on the investigations on hrc. Than they turned it off WOW
THE DISABLED!!!
U SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO RUN!! YOU HAVE NO CLASS,RESPECT FOR PEOPLE OR ANY QUALIFICATIONS TO BE PRESIDENT!! U MAKE FUN OF
and you shouldn't be allowed to run do to your pending child rape case in December
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CwWIxJyUUAA6NFw.jpg …
let her run..she's gonna lose...OBUMMER would probably try MARSHAL LAW if she got taken down...let her run
What about all of the emails you deleted in lawsuits?  Doesn't that make you equally disqualified?
neither should you!  You are just plain crooked!
She isn't even an American citizen!
neither should the mentally ill #NeverTrump
And WHAT bS are you bringing: you are only interested in your own agenda,...remember who YOU WILL BE WORKING FOR....THE PEOPLE
a man who sexually assaults 13 women should,not run for president

Didn't you delete emails in a court case?
The entire Judicial System is absolutely rigged. If you get investigated, always expect charges? FBI ball-less, failed U.S.
You will stop the heroin at the borders. It was so profitable for crooked people to get paid, killing our people. Stop them
Trump, the BILLIONAIRE, paying $$$ to rig this election. Wake up before it's too late. If politicians R bought, Trump's $$$
and you have servers that connects you to Putin...
Yes, agreed, there are at least 5 USCA statutes,  that she violated, one -Sec 2071 makes her ineligible for public office.
shouldn't be allowed to run for a presidential candidate becz you have NOT disclosed your Tax returns.
and you shouldn't either groping women, offending everybody and NO TAXES!!!HMMM
I couldn't have written a novel as juicy as this #WienersOut scandal exposing more............deceit
AND WHAT ABOUT YOU!!! I don't think you are any better!!
you shouldnt be allowed to run bcz you are being accused of rape and sexual assault by 12 women.  Worse than deleting email
@noreenjritchie   33,000 emails; that's just the tip of the iceberg. We're looking at a replay of sinking of the Titanic.
That would be you Donnie boy and I do mean boy!
oh be quiet
@USAsHero -  it to mention what has been found; for sure it's horrible!!!
@USAsHero @Lookinabout @FoghornBLeghorn @TempoGT the 33k emails are the least of her problems! Run her out of the country
-Now that MrTRUMP is WINNING we must PRAY she continues to run until Nov 8th. 

