@DMashak Damn... cause I voted for @SenSanders , Guess I get no respect...
My respect 4 at least recognizing Establishment #Progressive @HillaryClinton for the evil she is @realDonaldTrump @SenSanders
Hell yeah! F the Oligarchy!
@romatelli i am a proud deplorable!
You’re a better person than I am. There isn’t a version of reality, I’d respect her.
Liar!
So ... that's just not true.  You don't #respect your own #voters 
#president #whitehouse
well played POTUS in waiting
i knew it
@DuvalGOP be honest Donald
@POTUS44 Thank You Sir for being #Honorable @realDonaldTrump #Deplorable
@reallybob1 Spoken like the TRUE leader that he is! MAGA.  
@cats_executive "No body has more respect for all of them than I do."
/ Difference between You Mr. President and the common man is nothing.  All you have is a lot of money and my support.
Mr. Trump, 
  congratulations on the win & the best of diligence w/ our futures ... may GOD bless your intentions ...

even the muslims?
شكل نهاية العالم هتبقي علي ايدك !
fuck you!
Well that wasn't passive aggressive at all.
trump ,,, u is Satan ,, the devil himself ,,,,,u can't win ,,, Mr Antichrist.,.,,,,, my final word s,to u devil
that's weak Mr trump
Stick to loving and respecting your 100% #DeplorablesForTrump
~ U R a lucky man #Trump. If I were mobile & funded U would have NEVER made it to Election Day alive. #GonnaShitOnYourGrave
suuuurree you do, I'd believe you if you didn't lie every 10 seconds of every day. #ImWithHillary #VoteBlue #ThanksTrump
I live you president TRUMP!!!!!
XD
You're a better man than me.
its time for a news conference, to bring up the issues about hillary. Only local channels invited. No major news channels.
needs to lay down the law, needs to call on the @FBI to do their job,like dirty dancing, put baby @megynkelly in the corner
The best Halloween costume this year!
I find that hard to believe considering you only respect yourself @realDonaldTrump
You've said a lot of horrible things about honest, hardworking people. I know you don't remember #senility but we do.
that kind of respect is not wanted
haha. Good one. Funny man.
Sir, my family and I are proud to be considered Deplorable by Hillary's standards.
YOU RESPECT HATE GROUPS. JUST GREAT. SHOW YOUR TAX RETURNS
got a call from Bush his last run. Expect one from u?
@EastwoodUSA friends with Clint...good compAny!!
@BenB388
She can keep calling us names, we are turning it around to a positive, responding to their hate with #Love
@ohio_trump I do not respect her donald I'd never vote her shes horrible
I don't think you do respect us all. Calling anyone you disagree with names is not respectful...
You are a pro!  To wit, "Words Matter" ("I did not have sexual relations..."). WHAT OF ACTIONS, INTEGRITY? Sad, Desperate.
your such a liar Donald do you ever stop and listen to the crap that comes out your racist mouth!
So you respect ALL your supporters, even the Nazis and the KKK. You are a sad man, @realDonaldTrump.
@jonathanwdimock Johnathon, Remember me? Matty here from NH! The newcomers R not performing as good as NH ground gamers!
LMAF!!
I didn't believe it when I heard...but..yes..you are on drugs!
another lie -
You have a long history of insulting women. So no you don't respect all her supporters. #gethelp

your supporters don't check facts bruh. that's why you love them
- Hillary committed murder and so did Obama and so did Bush. She has nothing to say or she has no morality.
This is because you are a real class act and she is just an act.
Except the Muslims, the women, the Liberals, the lower-middle class, and anyone who disagrees with you. Right, numb-nuts?
we love you Mr Trump
@Gabx28 
@KatrinaPierson  I was there and saw the horror of the decisions that were made. Hillary didn't act and that was criminal.
a little 'poem' to Hillary from the Horrible DEPLORABLES
what about all the crap you have said about all non white male Americans? You don't deserve this presidency.
go
if you truly respected me you would give me the succ of butt
Sounds nice but with the (real?) Donald, you never know if this too is a lie.

she was right
liar
@JamesFideler 
not able to vote and honestly don't know who I would've voted for but I can respect you for this statement
Show us some respect. Show us your taxes.
Like how you show respect to a disabled person? #NeverTrump
bull shit
next USA president! Africans European hate Killary, please come in and help us fight terrorism!
except the women, people of color, non-christians, and gays. riiiiiiiiight. thanks for playing.
Hillary is right about what she said !
you say horrible things about women, Mexicans, immigrants, generals, and our military. You insult anyone, voter or not.
lol nice joke
She spoke the truth. You are the saddest human being I have ever seen in my life, you brought out the worst of us.
You make me sick with your pathological lies.By the way, you talk about others' looks, yours is disgusting.
Glad someone has some class
@SeanPJackson1 Geez!  Tubby Trump does not know the meaning of the word respect. Sociopaths only copy behavior.
or Obama calling all black Americans to vote for HRC. If you called for all whites to vote for you it would be racist
Lie unless they all say nice things about you!!! aww grow up.
this sunk her indefinitely. She's finished. Go crush her criminal, hateful ass in the debates Donald! #TrumpPence16
oh you kicked some people on rally hmmmmm
proof that 50% of Trump supporters are deployables!
@JanyJacob If you promise to prosecute @HillaryClinton  I bet you could pick up liberal votes. Look @ the polls.
You don't know what RESPECT means, you fraction of a man.
bs
You don't have to lie. You hate Hillary, her supporters, and you don't respect them.
The only thing you respect in this life is Money. You are the Devil reincarnated.
Nice words for corruption loving liberal progressive ideologue democrat robots. Moto: Corruption before character.

You are a showman Mr. Trump nothing more nothing less-A draft dodger talking tough w/others lives! A Coward
Sure you do Mr-Trump-Sure you do-You don't even respect your own supporters-they're just tools to you-Come Clean it's good
we have to get along! A real President protects democrats & repub!
we are all American first, party second!
can u stop using Rolling Srones? Start using Muse Uprising?
@Reynolds2G Don't believe you, but at least now you're sounding/acting like you're running for president.
what a crock of you-know-what by a master liar
YOU RESPECT ME?   THE F--K YOU DO?
@PartingThots   

A President should protect all citizens, not just her supporters. God bless you Mr. Trump. 
Let me help you grasp the concept.  The only one that is fit for the title of "Deplorable," is YOU!
@SeanPJackson1 your finally right about something you slimeball! Would never vote for a "con artist"
trump has disrespected AA.It is a shame you can't see that your words are hurtful..Shame on both of you
We support you.Keep up the good work. Keeping Texas red.
@dtrumpiscp   keep it stay cool
you are deplorable  and the people that support you to agree with your hate
Boomer Sooner 
@SeanPJackson1 But do they RESPECT U
@SeanPJackson1 Respect them all? This is Donald Trump's idea of respect.
I'm very proud of you for saying that! It shows your the better person. God bless you Me Trump
Then why have you said so many disrespectful things
except the fat women, amiright? I mean, who can respect a 2?
I respect the fact your taking the high road.keep it up! stick with issues not hilarys game playing shes evil.
"Voters" are only given 2 choices- that is not an "Election". Voters are not given TRUTHs and vote w/o THINKING for oneself
- Liar.  You respect no one; not women, not the handicapped, not minorities.  So stop saying that you respect anyone.
respect them all? Tell me how calling ppl racists, pigs and promoting racist hate is respect? no time for your bullshit
keep going Mr. Trump!  We can't afford Hillary winning the office!  Evangelicals, have your back!!!
Trump is the head basket case.
- you are such a liar.  I feel sorry for US people if you become President. Unreal!!
As far as the birther is concerned, use Hilary's own words.. "At this point what difference does it make!!!!"
your a good man Mr Trump!!
where is the tax returns?
but not enough to tell the truth, am I right?
You don't respect anyone
You shouldnt only respect americans you should respect mexicans too they are all humans ,,What happend to equality?
Thats called having Class Unlike Psycho intergalactic LYING @HillaryClinton she is pure wicked garbage
WE DON'T RESPECT YOU!!
Hi lary lacks Presidential vision to refrain from a sweeping,wholesale condemnation of millions who disagree on her view.
Except Hispanics, black people, Jews, woman, the LGBT community.. Am I missing someone else you've offended? #LoserDonald
Trump is magnanimous and believes in freedom values of America and in uniting,serving and respecting all American people.
you  are such a liar about everything
@realDonaldTrump
As harvest nears, can't you see farms w TRUMP carved in every field.
Hillary's Record on Race...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNfuplRB2GI …
Hillary made lots of racially charged comments in 2008.
Here you go! Clintons slime Obama with Muslim smears!
You are doing GREAT! I was former Mktg Dir.few yrs Grubb&Ellis,Mtg Broker.Division,late 80's.Great Marketing strategy!
How's your questioning Obama's birthplace racist? Were you questioning his race or his birthplace? Seems like a stretch!!!
continued "projection behavior" really sad to see on her part
l love seeing u with grandkids, shows your softer personal side. This related well with women, young parents, grandparents
you don't sound like you respect anyone.
we must have very different opinions about what word "respect" mesns then! 
you ever need an errand boy I'm your man
I hope you are enjoying the polls LOL we all love to play you,  you of all people believing the media. keep watching polls
PLEASE! Mr Tump.  Born & raised in NJ -- This election is yours to lose. Stand Tall  they re baiting u.  Do not fall for it
Even the ones you called murderers and rapists and Terrorists?
After hearing what you've said about so many groups of people I'd hate to hear how you'd "disrespect" anyone. Get a clue.
except Mexicans, women, American Muslims, etc etc etc- you can beam them out in hour one.
you support only what gets you more money, not people!
@Hillary Clinton didn't say anything worse than worse than what you say everyday about women and Hispanics.
@klcecotti we are the deplorable's
Trump your pussy deep down inside and it girly hands
no you don't. #please
you don't respect anyone or anything. #whinylittlebitch
I'm a New Yorker, from Queens New York. I have to say Don, you're quite an embarrassment to the borough.
except for the mexican ones, some i assume are good.
you're the Man D
Thats why I think you are more deserving of presidency than her. You are the bigger man Trump. Plus, you're not a snake
it's obvious Donald Jr was referring to the death penalty on gas chambers. Oh the media.
I do not like you Donald Trump. I'd rather vote for Forrest Gump!
on Dr Oz you said you see your self all of 35 years old you are sick
we need you
we are supporters. She can dish us all she wants
you're a giant liar. Release you tax returns liar.
You are such a deplorable liar. "My supporters are not alt-right", "I don't want white supremacist support" ok-k-k?"
You and yours are full of it, there's brown stuff running all over the place!!
