great picture!
she's got you by almost 3,000,000 votes no mandate second place second place second place
why do you keep calling him mad dog you cunt
Have a good flight. I hope your plane crashes and you die

yep
@Supreme_kainoa @markiesully
hmmm
r ya gunna go
well considering we are on fort Bragg, maybe not
I'm so confused that is in Fayetteville
because home of the 82nd? The armies first response force. I think he'll visit us
is he?
I mean we'll see he's not coming to some rink dink town for no reason lol
@Bryan700 I love both of them
˙lnɟʍɐ ƃuᴉǝq doʇs ǝsɐǝlԀ
why may I ask you think he is being awful
He's making things too great too fast. Our non-great infrastructure can't handle it.
he isn't even in office,  why do you think that. These deals take time. Negotiations are just that. Relax
I know! He just solved systematic technological unemployment and isn't even in office yet!
he didn't solve just furthered lining his own pockets! Wake Up fools before it's too late!
what stories that hillary is a criminal and trump WON the election based on our forefathers rules
please just stop it … start acting like a president. Rallying should not be a thing …
He doesnt take office until January. Are you going to tell Gen. Mattis to start acting like the Sec of Def? No? Of course not.
absolutely!
We can't have 2 presidents and 2 secretaries of defense in the U.S. 
Let Obama and Carter step down first.
go look at history, he's the incoming president, now is the time to be presidential. He has a LOT of work to do!!
He's already saved jobs in Indiana, struck a deal with Japans largest bank, talked to the president of Taiwan, picked staff…
an did a U turn on most of his election promises ha
Not even presdient yet so stop jumping to conclusions
what a dream come true!!!
u r the nightmare. Keep voting for the Dems, it has been 50 years and nothing changed
umm not hard to figure your lib ass out
oh you're not! Why bully? I'm scared.
#worldtalkidlibattackbiyoljicbomb
America would prefer you attend a security briefing instead.
can you please never come back? that'd be incredible.
dig a hole and jump in it that would be awesome
Dear Mr. President Donald Trump.

Im rightin You now couse i think you are the Realist President
thank you for an inspiring speech today! With much respect, Nora
I WOULD LOVE TO BE THE PEOPLE'S ADVOCATE DIRECTLY TO YOU, NOT A POLITICIAN! (WE THE PEOPLE) HAVE MANY THOUGHTS TO MAKE AMERICA BETTER?
cheating is not winning, you blonde pervert
Tell that to purple pantsuit Hillary
Hillary didn't cheat
You are such a sick Individual and nothing but a #whineylittlebitch LIAR!! Sad
http://ow.ly/6ilj306SK3x 
stop listening to HRC
Your funny and I don't listen to anyone, I find out for myself. Sorry if the truth hurts. #whineylittlebitch
sure you do snowflake
That's all you can say to the truth...Typical Trump Troll ;) #whineylittlebitch
not much to say to people like you!
Indeed it is hard to argue with facts. Sorry you feel that way. It seems Trump fans fall back on the rhetoric.
sure! Keep thinking that after all that's what gets you through the day isn't it!
cannot b there    But have a great time    And lets take America back !!!!
are you really gonna call him "mad dog"? This is not a WWF stunt. It's the US presidency, you Internet comment troll
such an impressive nickname mad dog. But fits in with lying bully of a Fascist Demagogue.  You lost pop vote by 2.6 million
did you have fun dressing each other
Everyone outside of this country hates your dumb ass.
no we dont.
STOP, @realDonaldTrump! We demand your tax returns. We demand total #Divestiture of business interests & a real #BlindTrust. #ComplyOrResign
Jeff 
You realize that "Mad Dog" is not a positive nickname, right?  If not, can we start calling you Donald "Bat Shit" Trump?
Elaine change your profile pic b4 you pick on anyone.
Not sure what that means,  But unlike many, I don't hide my face.
perhaps you should or at least put that tongue back in your mouth.
embarassing
the Clintons an the Obama's are a disgrace
and you think that a twitter troll and orange isn't embarassing? lol!
no but Trump is a heck of a lot better then @HillaryCliton.love the Deplorables !!
God Bless them both ....God Bless The U.S.A. !!
SI ESTÁS CALVO ADMÍTELO DONALD !! SE LLAMA DIGNIDAD !! #Rusia #Yemen
what a beautiful smile!! :-)
Gen Mattis looks like he swallowed something disagreeable.  Thankfully its nothing that belongs to Putin.
Oh my FUCK! What the shit have you been feeding pence!? He looks so faint! Guess he's tired of being fucked in the ass 
I love this President. I wish I was young enough to go back on active duty in the United States Marines. MAGA

yea and did you hear the Carolina Panthers won the Super Bowl by having more yards than the Patriots. Idiot!
@KellyannePolls #kellyannepolls is #KellyanneThePoliticalWhore
I'm really good with this pick, Mr. Trump. But, the red tie thing. It's starting to look like a uniform.
So what? & he wears an American flag on his lapel. DID ANY OTHER CANDIDATE DO THAT?NOT EVEN HILLARY SO SHUT UP.
Is there anything more arrogant than the guy that lost the popular vote doing a victory lap?
screw your popularity contest and participation trophy's.Trump won cause Hillary's an epic loser
you'll haveto tell me. I don't use drugs or drink. Hence the reason I didn't vote Hillary
. Prez elect Trump. Thanks for being our champion. God ordained U  2  b POTUS  for such a time like this. God Bless you!
Trump  election-God's mercy to USA. we're like sheeps  for  slaughter  a while/we escaped the chopping block.
God is good His mercy endureth forever! And I love Him!
Good luck with that. I supposed you supported this also, like a good christian? http://www.slate.com/blogs/xx_factor/2015/10/13/donald_trump_s_troll_army_unleashes_its_force_on_a_teenage_intern.html …
what happen there (attitude)?, young lady needs prayer 4 wisdom, but then, mercy sez- she is young & human.
Prayer is useless. Try actually doing something useful.
God always hear my prayers,  I call on Him as a child just like He said, everything good comes from Him. Try it!
your bullshit Air Force One lie should be subject of some congressional investigation! #notmypresident
#totallyyourpresident
I only hire people as shorter than me because of my inferiority complex. Sorry, but that is how I work.

shut up
shes my president

sweet focus on that photo, Donnie
Donnie didn't take it obviously 
but he still posted it obviously 
doesn't matter like he has time to care about how crisp a pic is.lmfao
is it the #nc #kkk rally? Oh, that was 12/3...
kkk? Source or retract.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/m.mic.com/articles/amp/161127/kkk-moves-rally-in-north-carolina-after-hundreds-of-protesters-show-up?client=safari …
You're suggesting DT is kkk..that source??
i was just asking if he was attending the rally.  It was in #trump's honor...
he doesn't Condemn those groups, so clearly, the support is appreciated...
please fix the Veterans Benefits Administration part of VA. I had 5 severe concussions on active duty, denied compensation
@DonaldJTrumpJr @KellyannePolls Can u GUYS switch up ur ties a little? "Fun" colorful? Tired of solid red or solid blue. 
Wow you libs are really hating, must be tough to find your safe space in the real world.
look at that shit eating grin. Yikes
why don't you ask for problems. There is a reason we almost never have ex military running the department of defense
safe trip Mr president

GOD BLESS U SIR NEW YORK IS MY @homelesshelpus2
step down so Mattis can be president. Only person worth a damn in your administration
SIGN THIS and let's see where the rest of his money is!
Oh look.  Matching fascists.  I guess an ill fitting suit and an overlong red tie are the new uniform #hugoboss
If wishes wrrr

You named " person" @Time  Not a compliment!Think Hitler and Bernie Madoff made the cover.Maybe someone can explain it to u

can you depart New York forever? We don't want you here
I see two mad dogs....not a good handle by the way.
Hitler + Himmler ?

http://iconistblog.com/is-mad-dog-mattis-the-new-heinrich-himmler/ …
smarmy
how ya feeleing? you look exhausted. I'm just worried you could be in over your head.
Wow..,
@DonaldJTrumpJr I love this picture and Mr. Trump's judgement and selection!! You Rock Sir, my Stock is SOARING !!! THANKS
The right choice.
Semper Fi General...U will be great!
Probably not a good idea to have a supporting guest whose nickname is 'Mad Dog'... But then again... 
awww you two fuckwitS dress alike #ADORBS
Doesn't anybody have a better camera?
I think U SHOULD give Mitt something-get on team. @IngrahamAngle not so sure-her loyalty is debatable & friends like her...
God you are a joke of a man.
He hates being called "Mad Dog."  Have you no respect? He's the leader you can only dream of being.  Never happen!
The focus on this photo is a bit soft. I have some fancy camera equipment if you need help with this things.
at least you made one cabinet pick that isn't utter garbage. go mad dog!
not handsome
irresponsible spending !!!
these generals must be dying for work if they'll agree to work for a creepy small-handed draft dodger like you.
hello taxes! Americans pay out of their pay checks federal, state, local, working city, rita, property, school levies, SSec
continued. ...my take home pay is near 48 percent of my earnings please find a way to fix this. ..we have faith in you pres
Looks like the beginning of a Junta.
safe travels 
TWO BULLIES!

Be safe always, America needs you!
please Send the Dreamers Home .
You look good; praying for you.
the nick name mad dog does not suggest diplomacy-please try your negotiation skills rather than war
Great Pic, broad winners smile.
Enough with the "Mad Dog".  His new incarnation is where neither madness nor dog"ness" are relevant, resourcefulness is.
God Bless Both of You
@ScottBlivtrusci Mad Dog as Defence Secretary - mad bastard as president...
I certainly hope when you take the oath of office. You realize the internet is not a secure means to communicate.
We must invest more funds in defense, and stop spending money in the Muslim countries
everybody listen up. Trump means business & business means Trump
Make America Great Again! 
continue to help the People and make America Great.
Some of U folks went of bandwagon. Mad Dog is the nickname he was given in the military by the soldiers.
awe you guys are matching! So cute!
- Why are you still campaigning? Is your ego so fragile that you have to make sure people still like you?
how much of the tax payers money is being spent on a victory tour. You should be learning hoe to be president not on tour
GREAT PICTURE, i voted for this
good choice
hypotehtical for trump supporters: if after 4 years the facts say he has failed to deliver, will you respect said facts?
Delete your account
the country doesn't need another "Patton" marching through North Africa hunting Rommel. Leave 
regressionism behind.
#TrumpTaxReturns Hope you'll finally reveal your tax returns like you promised. The suspense is killing us.
my two favourite guys! warmest wishes from Poland
don't talk to me or my son again
Did u two actually have intercourse this time? We're all rooting for you guys. Obviously, you'd need to lose the tepee.
all this infighting and insult whilst funny isn't helpful. We all need this to work otherwise we're all screwed.
but then again most people in the US don't give a Rats ass about the rest of the world so you're not going to care anyway
wearing same suit and tie - is that the uniform of the future WH?
stupidity has no boundaries
You guys look great together.  Have a good time at the rally.
an administration of generals, this is not who we are
#MadDog! Another fucking lunatic joins the junta!
some damned  scary stuff here..God help us all!
where we putting Giuliani and @newtgingrich ?
Super loyal and on board with everything we want and like!
...hmmmm.... the uniform of the day ????
I hope you are a good president, and please help Taiwan to resist China
We have a new sheriff in town, 'Mad Dog.'  Watch out Iranians. Here we come.
from a Vietnam veteran there is no better choice than mad dog time to get stuff done
Run Mattis
Down 2.7 MILLION Donnie - Loser, Bigly!
rally seemed sparse!
@fistfulofdoom 
Oh look, the Soviet Union
We're glad to have Mad Dog .. but Keep Ash Carter as DepSecDef. No one knows the technology we need for the future better!
awesome decided pick #maddogmattis
why you always look like you just burped and blamed it on someone else 
is that your husband
Don't hesitate to call on me for precise strategy onslaughts. Nailing their jealous coffins does not answer to compromises.
I hope you are a good president and ask you to help Taiwan resist China
we still need Trey Gowdy somewhere in our team#makeitamazing#teamtrump
I love you President Trump! Your the best and you will do the best job! You will make America great again .
what about Jeb Bush somewhere on your administration?
keep plugging away Mr. President
Thanks for all your doing to fix the problems of 8 years of Obama .  Are you coming to Scranton Pa?

I would love to be able to spend 5 minutes with potus elect ppl in Congress aren't the only 1s with ideas on how move forw
Great choices for Cabinet posts, President-Elect Trump!!!
Come on out! Trump family night in NC.  Kids, meet your favorite characters from @foxandfriends “Klan Kids” #TrumpIsACrook
#Ivankagivesbestlapdances she could go all night long in College ! Damn she loved R Kelly !
Trump is already the president. Even Barry is in awe of Trump. #PresidentTrump 
It's awesome!! The swearing in is just a formality!!
what filter did you use?
, I feel so fortunate to have you as our President
I sense a Trump dynasty that puts the Bushes to shame.  Easy does it and first things first.
dream team!
quiero vivir cerca de usted en EE.UU como estado unidense aunque soy Italo-Chilena .
was great
You sure have a lot of people to thank. What do they have to thank you for? Can't think of anything!
有句名言∶上帝让你灭亡，必先让你疯狂！！！特朗普，你先疯着吧，等我撒泡尿！
you and all of your cronies disgust me.
I loved Fayetteville I thought most polite people imaginable
As if you chose him for any other reason than his nickname.
MAAAAD DOG!!!!!
Please explain why you are having a rally after you have won the election? And please publish the cost to taxpayers.
China's yunnan province government established FanYa. For five years. $6.5 billion fraud people http://dlvr.it/Mnkzp6 
que salga bien
you guys look so cute together
, Yeah it will be a done thing hanging you both I will have to be fast if this nothing goes nowhere.
you look 1000 yrs old Donny. Stop tweeting in the middle of the night
Remember Finland.
America loves mad dog!
Hope nobody shows!
General thought is ... http://bit.ly/2hfXkPJ 
@realDonaldTrump
Mattis is not even eligible. Why would anybody waive the requirements. There was a reason for that law.

I hope you can make America great again :)
begin grooming the kids to succeed you.  Your on track.  Ivanka will be the first female president.  But may follow Don Jr.
*Deporting New York
Hey Mad Dog, remember that time you were almost Sec of Defense?
@DonaldJTrumpJr I like him, get rid of Bannonand sessions now.

AWESOME! ! #MAGA!
NO ONE CARES HUNNY x
