pray daily for Trump!!!!
it is quite obvious that Hillary won
Bullshit. Trump did.
No.
This dude is a joke. He is evil ok
I know, he can not win
welk Marce he won ok yaýýyyyyy

I can steal way more than any politician says Donald
thank God,  we will never know.... #DUMPTRUMP #DUMPCHUMP 
#HILLARYCLINTON16 
#WEWILLRISE

less taxes=how can he wipe out deficits?will he fine his own companies producing stuff overseas?
Don't make me laugh.
Time to list your accomplishments! #liar
Don't you have to win first?
yeah World War 3: you don't pay attention ton military advuce. You disrespect our military, and people who died for the USA
What office will that be?
@MissKTrotman @realDonaldTrump fronts his tweet with the personal pronoun 'I' & imperative-verb 'will' to suggest that he is the future...
Great. We are waiting for Modi + Trump duo.Both are definitely leads the whole world.
more harm that is!!!
so will anything be done to help Americans in the first 30 days or just you fulfilling accumulated vendettas and suing?
Donald, that is exactly where The God of Israel comes in MIGHTY AND READY! This is HIS happening!
when has Trump EVER helped the working class?? He's built an empire off the backs of the working class! Morons!
can't wait!!!!!!!!!!
such as?  Sexual abuse?
We all know your a hard working man with a wonderful work ethic
#BigLeagueConMan
wow still waiting @POTUS total turmoil in less than 30 days
Ur the winner...
Don't say if we win , say when we win. Make it happen
No!  Get into office you will be committing more crimes! Conflict of interest! You cannot benefit while in office! DAPL No!
@MissKTrotman whilst by using the past perfect aspect of "has done" suggests that she is in the past.
@ShepherdMao Yeah, you'll do the losers walk of shame...
@Artist4Palin I totally and wholly believe in Mr. Trump & what he proposes.  He will do as he says!  TRUST & VOTE TRUMP!
you will definitely ruin everything
I think your Freida eyebrows are doing it for me. Just ruined my sleep
Do you know the three branches of government? @realDonaldTrump
What are they smarty pants?
Like what? Grop more pussies!!!
You mean first 30 seconds
I have no doubt of that. Problem is, you'd do more to damage the country than ANYONE has in the 1st 30 days #dipshitDonald
you will be President.
Stand and speak for all of us. End life jobs for those in office  to serve.

I want a fighter like Trump in my foxhole not one like the liar Killery who would knife me in back.
we are sure about it!!
MT @realDonaldTrump I will do more in 30 days in office than Hillary has done in 30 years! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
MT @realDonaldTrump.@HillaryClinton LOVESToLIE.AmericaHasHadEnoughOfThe CLINTON'S! ItIsTimeTo #DrainTheSwamp Debates
God Bless You, go for it!
bro TBH I think it's the ippisite
#bigly
maybe
bullshit, you such a liar, how can you make such a statement when you know it's impossible?
I support you
great！
what. ? Besides masterbate
can I date Ivanka?
Wrong......wrong......wrong.....
I got to leave this garbage dump
Pulling your taffy under the yum yum tree and whining at the same time...ummmmm....does that count?
the onlything that can be done in 30 days is is your hair.
@Bryan700 You need a military court for the traitors that have infiltrated the FBI, State Dept, CIA, DHD, Media & Judiciary
×
We believe it!!
so you even know what powers a president has? You need Congress & you alienated all of them.
Bullshit!  You have done NOTHING in the last 60+ years!  You are REALLY delusional!
@tamikajackson @Evan_McMullin We do need a change, that's why we #StandUpWithEvan Please join us, do the "WRITE" thing.
@kiuwalsh
enjoy
What are all the Trump haters doing here? Would be great if he won, maybe then you'll tweet elsewhere.
I hope so, our country needs a positive change in many areas.
you missed the word “damage” out of the that sentence
yep, you'll do more eff up shit in 30 days than anyone in 30 years.
dictator
in your dreams.  if you want to see the inside of the White House, you'll just have to take the tour.
Start with "impossible " and then build it.  Together, we CAN fix things!!
we need change !!!!! Please wake up America she is to dirty to do more than thirty!!!!!
Wrong.
Maybe #PussyGrabbing You demonstrated you know NOTHING about govt. You didn't even understand what GDP was in the debate!
Things have to change!!!!
Mr. Trump, pls. use this opportunity to congratulate Doctor who separated CONJOINED TWINS & to visit them w/Dr. Ben Carson.
She has not been in office yet. But she will be, jerk. And the office is only for 8 years. You don't know a shit.
Trump for President. Hillary for Prison.
will take u 30 months to figure out how the American System of Government works. Your statements show you have no clue.
NeverTrump
maybe you can get her another thirty years.
not without congress fool. You know the other ones that have to vote. You talk your supporters about things you don't know!
Hillary compared her 30 years of experience to yours and highlighted the fact that she is qualified and you will never be
grow the f up. You have to get passed the congress and senate which most likely be all democratic after the election. Tx 2
did you like Chris Wallace or will blame him too
seriously?? thats a disturbing level of being dillussional..
Swamp Dog
bullshit!!
you let us know about Aliens, Bigfoot and who killed JFK, I might vote for you, straight up
Mr. Trump will do more in the first 30 minutes as President
Yes you will!!
Mr. T will help us the ppl!  Go Trump
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas: I was scared. It was loathsome. That's all I have to say about, that. #TrumpBookReport
promises, promises
yea u would be impeached!  Would not even get to 30 days!!!
It's statements like this that will keep me from voting for you, Unschooled!
Do more = Bankrupt America more times than he's gone bankrupt.
rigged
You know that you're running for #president & not #dictator - right?
#debatenight #debate #realitycheck #trump #Clinton
you mean Hillary, she's running for dictator
Not a fan of hers either. But - between the two - I have to follow my heart & stand against hate.
comrade Trump will destroy America
just say you will concede if you loose.they are holding you hostage for that
agreed
you're forgetting that your "list" of things considered important does not include "be ridiculous" and "grab more pussies"
.@realDonaldTrump @addie327 
Trump is going to White House to help
Hillary is  going to Jail House 
#getoutofourwayHillary
@RichardTBurnett
oh honey, @realDonaldTrump that is what everyone is afraid of beginning with ending freedom of the press making Fridays clothing optional.
keep talking President Trump
deluded
how？
Can you?
You are a deluded fool Donald, not a day of experience in government and you assume you know how to get things done
only to the remarkable idiots who support you is that meaningless stmt worth a bucket o spit. #shewasntPrez #yet
clearly it's the hitler in you speaking as you have no idea how the system works when you are POTUS which will never happen
definitely a BELIEVABLE statement!!
if it is anything like what you did with Trump U,  no thank you
@ofccadjust We know that. 3 weeks left. Now let's beat the rigged system. Repetion in  numbers #JOINTRUMPTRAIN follow us
why doesn't our government give 1 million dollars to all Americans instead of giving away billions to Iran!
You really have no idea how government works, do you? Your cluelessness will help you.

LOL You are too much!
sure you keep believing that trumpie, that's a good boy
Facists undermine democracy. That is NOT the change we need or want! You are running to be Dictator not Potus.
@pritzen_judy
you'll never get the chance...  THANK GOD!
#Trump4POTUS
You have filed more bankruptcies and filed bigger losses on your income tax more than she ever has.
Just by you stating that, I know you don't know how being a president works.
Hillary's right. You haven't done shit in the past 30 years to better anybody but yourself.
I thought Mr.Trump did great. In third debate!! Needs to keep momentum going!!    He needs to to get specific with agenda!
such a cry baby......you will never find out!
@thruthseeker12 Melania trump for First hooker.  Champion of family values
@thruthseeker12
@thruthseeker12
@thruthseeker12
@thruthseeker12
#talk is cheap

doubtful! You spend too much time patting yourself on the back for lying
its #bigley you #CheetoBlastedOrangutan
you 0 for 3 buddy. Losing to a girl.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU LET HILLARY CHARGE RUSSIA  WITH ESPIONAGE ON NATIONAL TV AND YOU GAVE HER A FREE PASS
sigh
so very true and rebuilding our Military is important
we shall see what you will do
yeah she's never grabbed women's pussies.
Yeah like
like what?!
how are you going to do it?  What is your plan?
Desperate Trump will never see the oval office. You've lost the elections.
you as re not fit to be president.  Trying tp undermine our democracy.   Have you no decency ? Oh, that's right,  you dont
You are right about Hillary not having done anything.
you really don't have a clue how the gov't works. U can't just fire e1 and then hire a new congress.

you will grab more pussy in the first 30 days then most guys do all year!
Hilly has done nothing. Obama blew up the United States.
@NYMom7 we want TrumpPOTUS for nation safety & security($), freedom, 4 we the people! TrumpPOTUS 
Thanks to Donald Trump were finally getting to see just how Crooked they all are i say lock Hillary up along with her pals
Yup, so true! Because u would lead US to bankruptcy in no time, isolate US to become the biggest failure in world history!
I agree!
Will you be able to cooperate better with Congress than your predecessor.
I'm afraid that's mot going to happen. Because you have @mike_pence. He disagrees... 
lie
#youreadouche
Put a sock in it lardass!
Superb...Strong Leadership means that only  !

http://www.bizdev.co.in 
You lie Bigley!
Hey #CokeHeadTrump I'll take that bet #ReleaseYourTaxes #truthisbeauty #debatenight
@Toimatom I believe you!
@CJSensible Cote Trump for change
what hired worker without papers they do your work and u sit ..
if it is anything, like what you did with Trump U,  no thank you
forgot to use that shallow comment in the debate????
Actually you won't since you are doing the complete opposite of winning.
