Good job
Don't take any hasty decisions like  @narendramodi  @brickmetal
I beg to differ here sir, take enemy by surprise. :)
So for  @narendramodi is poor man a enemy because he alone is facing the brunt unlike rich & famous
Agree, but change do require some pain. Will have to wait in line just once.
People r dying / hungry /starving & u call it pain ? @narendramodi
people you say dying hungy will be the one who are hand to mouth. And they never use 500-1000.
U didn't reveal a platform/agenda/proposals at the start of your campaign bc U had none. U only had platitudes & insults.
You needed to hear actual details from the others before u came up w/something. Now? God only know what direction u go.
Your supporters STILL refuse 2admit you're a #1Charlatan. Even after just watching you flip on the bullc** you sold 'em on.
Mr. PRESIDENT I Call ON YOU TO MACA (Make California Great Again) DRAIN The State of The Liberal Loons be4 It's TOO Late!

@becasilverstein I would not pick Mitt Romney as Secretary of State if I had the power!
it might be to bridge the gap best way to get his plans done get people on his side
Well that's true. Trump will disappoint all those pessimistic about his incoming govt...that's for sure!
even with all that was exchanged Romney would trust trust better than establishment guys. Businessmen deliver
I'm sending my daily love to my president Donald Trump.
Hillary Clinton as your secretary of state Bill Clinton as your secretary of domestic affairs
RT or Like if you support #PresidentTrump
go get 'em Mr. Trump
#draintheswamp
I hope @nytimes continues to be a thorn in your side for the next 4 years.
Way to go President Trump.
To hell with the press and Liberal idiots 
WE WON !!!!!
You truly ARE delusional, aren't you!?!? 
please consider very carefully the potential candidates for Treasury Sec. Alligators are in that swamp
it's my birthday
I'm guessing David duke will be on there also SMDH
safe to assume no one from New York Times will be on that list!
thanks Mr Trump!
 go get them. We are behind you
Yeah. okay.
Is there a swimsuit competition?
Follow me I amr new in twitter
but the real question is.... Do they even Halo?
Deportation should be assist by UN, as shouls assist any gorrilla state
please consider @piersmorgan for a position! He's a GREAT Apprentice winner!
ummm, piers morgan?  he's BRITISH!
did you finally file the correct paperwork ?
clean house!
yes'm
Really? I heard it was an absolute nepotistic clusterfuck full of clowns and racists? #MAGA
just do what you promised
you're the first US president -elect not to believe in global warming, Dumbso.
@tracithoms everyone but Henry Kissinger...
I support you in your refusal of the presidential salary! Take the $1 if that's the minimum legal salary you must receive!
We still love you but not Mitt Romney.
keep going MR P. Elect. Happy to help if you need a british investigator (totally independent).Paul
No more shredded cheese.  Make America Grate Again!
. GREAT.   GOD BLESS
LOL perfect and when she did not get win...
LOL She was MIA, again..... Had to come to grips with the loss
She won the popular vote in 08 and yet you call Obama your president
Excellent!  Liberals never do their fact checking
hi Donald I wanted Hillary to win the election good luck
You cannot make America great if you destroy the environment.
And approving only the white nationalists...
on 4 goodness sake, get a brain and turn off the MSM.  #Bannon is a distinguished guy not a racist.
You are 100% wrong and delusional. He is an abusive, avowed white nationalist, who is manipulating you.
You are really holding onto ur talking pts, huh?  He was pivotal ,bringing in a diverse team to #trump campaign.
Who did Bannon hire? And what other high level WH advisor has ever been endorsed by Nazis and the KKK?
That only leaves Rudy, Newt, Putin, & Fatty Un. Gonna be lonely around the White House, not much to grab.

looks like Lee finally learned to Copy/Paste. Proud of you Trump University grads.
I wish. I had to suffer through Yale :-(

Leaving by 01/20/2018......get used to it.
You are off by a few years. He will be leaving 1/20/25. Get used to it.
Allan Lichtman, a professor who is one of few that predicted his win also predicted impeachment 1st year.
Clinton was impeached what's your point?
But no conviction. Good try
It's laughable you think Trump will be impeached Plus Clinton had appointed the AG so nice try
Exactly what did the AG have to do with anything? You obviously know nothing about the process.
most of the kkk were with the Democrat party
给你个表情包，希望你喜欢
I am sure they will. People don't understand you, waiting for political false speach.
you just wasted your money!
I think you secretly love our new President. You spend enough time here to make me believe it.
Why is @Twitter deleting all my likes and retweets of you after a couple months and @FLOTUS too
Are any of them women, Donald?
he hires people on their skills. shouldnt hire a female simply because they are female n to make it look right
She headed his campaign. Pretty smart and useful I'd say.
@protesting2016 RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS! FULL DISCLOSURE!!!!
NO HALEY. NO ROMNEY. THEY BETRAYED YOU AND US. ROMNEY IS A GLOBALIST!
@DanScavino
Hi President-elect Trump, I'd like to joint with your transition team. ;)
we did it baby. Finally a real president
By the Way, you are beautiful, inside and out
people like Dr Carson get pushed out who stuck by you but ur meeting With LYIN TED AND Mitt Romney? Trying to understand
how do we know this? Hope that's the case.
well I missed that interview because I never turn that show on
Hillary's lead in the popular vote is up to 1.2 million.
Since you're losing the popular vote, guess you don't have a mandate. Sad.
~ Evidently you missed the news.
You do understand the dif btwn popular vote + electoral college? Oh, wait. You voted for Trump. Maybe not.
I thought you were going to drain the swamp not hire from the bottom?
praying for you always GOD bless you
LIAR!!!!!!!!!
Three racists at top levels? You're sending a really bad message to minorities.
https://www.google.com/amp/thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/state-local-politics/306749-romney-for-secretary-of-state%3Famp?client=safari …
PLEASE don't put Romney on your cabinet! He is part of the problem! #MAGA
Yes long hours of hate filled strategy.
. Like Brexit I'm one of the very few who see the hardships of Mr Nobody Citizen and predicted you. Keep up the good ideas.
Can you trust Romney when your Cabinet discusses UN agendas, global warming, One World Order, defeating the global elite?
fuck alt right, the kkk and your administration.
EVERY GLOBAL POPULATION IS BEING SPRAYED WITH DEADLY TOXIC CARCINOGENS-WE MUST WAKE PEOPLE UP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPnWaBsMYnY …
kya aap India help in suf
Our New Attorney General https://youtu.be/UnM1o7Gv_nc 
you never will found a open-minded person you will never found a person as me who know multi-tasking many things in 1style
Please put @tedcruz on your team as Attorney General. We need a Constitutional Conservative to Make America Great Again!
I, for one, agree with this thought 10,000%. I'd LOVE that!
Keep the old white good old boys coming. Nice representation of America....YOUR AMERICA. Not mine!
WRONG
Please don't give anything to Mitt Romney!
Very disappointed. New admin is just a bunch of former and current swamp dwellers with serious ethics issues. Bad as Hill.
while our beautiful America goes down in flames.
looks good so far
miss your ralleys but im so thrilled and proud of you
#POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #LockHerUp #CommanderInChief #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
Wrong.  You lie about EVERYTHING.   You are lucky that you appeal to such a clueless bunch of Americans.They will learn.
hope the final make up of your team is suited to the current  world events donald. China, russia, middle east tensions etc.
praying for discernment for you!  God bless!
Just take your time and let @nytimes stew along with the others-if you did it fast they'd question that as well-just ignore

It's clear you're serious about work, but you need a day off to rest up. SNAP, the Obama administration abused their time!!
Candidates:
Megatron
Bill
Swamp Thing
Qin Shi-Huang 
Oscar the Grouch
#TrumpCabinet
Here's everything we know about Trump's student debt plans
https://youtu.be/JHtxLU8gcxg 
so your transition team is dragging the swamp looking for appointees? #maga #wineylittlebitch #liarliar
Your transition team is even more of a joke than you are.
Hopefully the now irrelevant Mitt Romney will not be considered.
a.
Too bad Hitler is dead and can't be in your Cabinet
Your choices are horrible and deplorable!! Typical for a liar!! Drain the swamp, huh? Looks like you're scouring the sewers
Nikki Haley? Saw that on morning news.  I don't know about that one..
You have no idea what your doing.
Can we have Larry Arnn for #SecretaryOfEducation??
Janet Yellen is another loud mouthed corrupt democrat that needs an investigation.
considering ROMNEY is a deal breaker for me!  Sorry but you will lose this life long Trump die hard.
.@realDonaldTrump Nope. #MASA
three letters - KKK
Right! Like Giuliani for Sec of State, and Flynn? Really? That's the BEST you can come up with.
Do NOT FORGET Mitt ROMNEY worked hard 2 STEAL THE NOMINATION AWAY FROM YOU!!!!!!!PLEASE DO NOT offer HIM any positions.
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
DO NOT APPOINT your ENEMIES 2 YOUR CABINET EITHER.
@David360NC God be with you, President Trump. You are already exhibiting greatness!
yeah great such great great great great you know great great like great. If you have to say great more than once your lying
God guide and protect you as He uses you to lead our country. #MAGA
it all i mean everything i learn what u learn and every human learn is nothing to me u where easy to learn
Hilarious the press who was so unfair to you thinks you owe advance notice before going to dinner. Presscore, you're fired!
you are a nit wit, who bought himself the presidency. How much does it cost to be president now a days?

We all know you are not going to let us down.
voted for you..68 year old middle class woman on SS and medicare...we need raises from our money...our SS to live! #please
you were quoted by @newscomauHQ  http://www.news.com.au/finance/work/leaders/mayor-de-blasio-to-trump-people-in-this-city-are-fearful/news-story/fb3b4f55e7c6d4d2d460e660f6fa5300 …
#NnamdiKanu was acquitted by 2 courts but denied bail by @Mbuhar
#freeNnamdikanu #freeBiafra.
please don't hire someone because of race, sexual preference, or gender Hire because they are the right person for the job
get rid of Bannon
praise God.. and always look upon him for guidance... love you
Have your transition team contact me for Pardners for Education Project
FOOL
More power to you Sir. http://mycatbirdseat.com/2016/11/can-trump-find-enough-fresh-thinkers-to-do-the-job/ …

I am trusting you Mr. Trump but, why choose Giuliani? He clearly demonstrates a mild form of psychosis.
Everyday Americans are counting on you to fix what's wrong with DC. Get the corruption out. #DrainTheSwamp
You mean more racists like yourself?
President Trump..First congratulations!  Arkansas voted for you. Too many people remember the old Clinton days. Many storys
widow and am owed backpay. So broke. 30k being held back bySS. No thanksgiving,  broken car. Dad is 87 Korean vet. Help?
I voted for you/contributed. Pls. don't add swamp/Romney to your cabinet; the original inventor of Obamacare #taxachusetts
would you speak on barrack hussein obama shutting down border security? Someone has to stop his terroristic actions!
we'd like a list, so we know there's no funny business
Your group of unqualified twits are sifting through the reject pile for people sucky enough to not upstage you?
PRESIDENT ELECT TRUMP,  PLEASE DO NOT MAKE SARAH PALIN THE DIRECTOR OF THE INTERIOR!   @realDonaldTrump #NOTOSARAHPALIN
Karen is an environmentalist wacko that voted for Hillary---> @KPraisner @realDonaldTrump
Collins 920 F.2d 619, 629 (10 th Cir. 1990), cert. denied, 500 U.S. 920 (1991), the court cited Brushaber v. Union Pac. R.R
Bring Christie back. Not for your family to decide who they like or don't like. Christie number one supporter for you.
RON PAUL!!  @RonPaul
again, what a wonderful tweet! Very amazing, huge information are given out... bigly news!
so long as Obama keeps holding your hand, because you have no idea wtf you're doing.
im glad to see you put the country before all else..Mitt can certainly tackle the problem with our vets
Mitt Romney--now there's a great candidate.
Wrong!
being a Gemini as well..i knew u could get the job done..doing great!!!!  still praying  4 u an family
Doubtful.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/david-l-phillips/lt-gen-michael-t-flynn-gu_b_13013248.html …
I'm with you, but i'll be watching to see if you do the right thing for the country.
lobbyists galore!! Really draining that swamp Donnie. #fraud
Trump is inviting ppl( Cruz & Romney etc) to see him.Why?So he can personally humiliate them & KICK THEM OUT ! It's REVENGE
@Citizens4Trump 
- FROM THE GELEN & GLADIO ORGANIZATION TO THE U.S.PRESIDENT.http://rusdozor.ru/2016/11/15/donald-tramp-ot-organizacii-gelena-i-gladio-do-prezidenta-ssha/ …
Mr. President-elect, will you be considering Allen West for any position in your Cabinet?

Illegitimi non carborundum, Have faith in us, we will have faith in you.
#grabthembythePUSSY
@surfermom77 Mr President please keep your word. Enough politicians have lied to us already
Is Trump rummaging through the BASKET for his Cabinet??
pls find a spot for Arnold Swartzenegger. He has got your back.
TRUMP NO WAY!  Romney wasn't your friend when you needed him so there's no place for him now!!!!
praying  for wisdom for you and the right people  for your TRUMP TEAM
Looks kinda like a clusterfuck to the REST of us. Just sayin'....
Reice did not win. You did no more of his thinking. We want yours, Giuliani, Christy, Palin, Carson,Gingrich
Where's your birth certificate? https://www.facebook.com/bbcpersian/posts/10154406252512713 …
you cannot come into the White House and all of a sudden you want to change the Constitution it's in the rulebook
Don't take Romney he's a back stabbed
He and Ryan will use you
follow me if you support trump and America
Follow me if you suppot Trump!
Good morning Mr President! How can I be of service to you today? We are with you ALL the way! My family, friends & neigbors
Romney to turn around VA is genius.
hope you can hold true to all of that shit you yapped about over the last year...don't start playing politics now...
A POTUS that communicates awesome. #ProudAmerican
#MAGA Romney smells like swamp gas! Look forward, not backward PE Trump.
