I hope you don't interfere with the FBI's investigation of Clinton Foundation. Let justice run its course!
does patriotic pepe realize the election is over? He's obsessed with Clinton's. Looks suspicious.
I look forward to seeing you get busted for cheating
Donald you're an obnoxious child
You're starting to lose me, Donald. No wall, no Clinton investigation. What other promises are you going to break?
All of them.
i het you
. Cool
flip flopping Donald. You are 70 hahahaha. Can't buy decreasing age
I have taught writing for many years, and never heard such an incoherent interview as yours.
they won't change will continue with lies .
illegals are bleeding our funds dry ,they don't pay taxes, so we can't get help to feed our families
SWEET!! ;} <3
petulant clown, resign
it's better Melania than you
holy shit your a hypocrite!!!!!
Got get em!
Make sure  #OnTheRecord. Maintain #4thestate Wall. DJT didn't meet w/u w/other #media cuz he thinks u broken prey.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes Flip-flopper.
wow Mr Trump, now you can try to bribe them too. Nice move.
Curious @realDonaldTrump Are they no longer "failing?" @nytimes

you love you some NYT after all! Yaaaas !
Cheers and Nazi salutes for their newly elected Grand Wizard: “Hail Trump, hail our people, hail victory!”
bad news. They need to fade to irrelevance. Don't deserve to interview #PEOTUS
I hope you really tear into them. Throw a chair if you have to.
no- he needs to listen, we have a constitution with the 1st amendment protectsfreedom of speech
Listen to whom? A dying newspaper that spent 18 months LYING about him daily? Nah.
no, You wake up.  Donald Trump created his own lies, the news only reports what he says.
Stay tuned
follow me if you hate trump
https://trumpfollow.com/ 
no wall in the video and some talk of climate change...not what I voted for.
Oh the drama, Donald. Riveting! You'll get that Emmy yet!
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes lets see what lies they print. So Now they want a story! The only story theg need is...YOU WON! #Maga
NY Times is not to be trusted. It has an agenda. Dishonest. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer
ru gonna have another tantrum lol?
#MAGA Stay the course! 
Are you going to call them losers and other bad names directly to their faces during this meeting?
lock her up
WRONG!
why do you grant interviews to media outlets whose sole goal is to create outrage towards you & your admin
Give em hell Donald they deserve it 
He'd better be nice, he got away with $25 million pay off and the conflict of interest stuff, so far.
#9millionvotes MORE were cast for someone ELSE, than were cast for you. Just remember that.
NOT true, bitchy, not true!!!  Welcome your next PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES!  BOOM!!!!
NINE MILLION votes. #9millionvotes
says the liberal left.  Provide me with ONE credible sourse.
deport your wife
She's an American Citizen. You're not too bright are you?
not before she became a legal citizen.
.@realDonaldTrump Just so I know, are you going live-tweet lies about ALL your meetings? I'd like to pace myself.
And who are you to judge truth from fiction, all the way from London? STFU
Distance often allows for objectivity - so thinking STFU not necessarily a strong argument
What I'm saying is he wasn't in the room w/Trump when he spoke w/NYTimes so who's to say he's lying?
Because clear to those not embroiled in the emotion much of @realDonaldTrump claims and accusations been baseless.
I would say it's more obvious w/Hillary. Especially every time she tried to blame the Russians! 
Again-the whipping up of hysteria.Effective strategy for US 'change'- not for global stability.
he needs to man up and apologize and release his taxes.
wht sort of details would that reveal? Why Pence wants 2 seal his email servers
thank you for keeping an open mind on #climatechange it's a great start & I'm so happy! P.S. we  our USMC! #SemperFidelis
don't allow them to bully your AG! Stand strong!
@IMRAJRAY
how's it taste?
This is utterly embarrassing RT “@realDonaldTrump: The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!”
What's embarrassing about it? He walked, they caved! Boss
you say "Boss". I say "he threw his toys out of his pram".
Get your own media....these people are liberal drones
Hw
We
Amazing! You communicated your emotions without making judgments and opinions! Good job! Excellent! Huge! Presidential?
As president elect, you need to be truthful to the people who voted for you and stop scheming behind their backs.
Love you not bowing down to anyone! Maybe the queen lol
A true American Cowboy
I soiled my diaper!
You may be coming the USA President but there is a lot of people in the rest of the world who are being bullied by PC cops
Yr bullshit tweets and yr lack of knowledge is coming to light on each thing u do!  U WILL b impeached, no doubt!
what's going on with Israel and your peace plan. Too much media trash. Rather hear it straight from the man. #iloveisrael
"failing"
I'm confused, are you posting real donor details?
I doubt it, probably just trying to get people to attack these people
Yep, good to know where the stupid is. @alexpiletska @EveryTrumpDonor
and that's why Trump won because liberals can't quit bashing good Americans. #MAGA
EVERYTHING @realDonaldTrump accused others of HE did.Ur just 2 ignorant 2 know. He's a thug.Can u say IMPEACH?
Hello pot, a bit of advice don't nominate a criminal. He hasn't sold the country for monetary gain
asking Argentine to go ahead with real estate deal on official call? Hillary never did anything like that.
GOP - Greedy Orange People shirt now on @amazon -#DrainTheSwamp Start with Trump! https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01HP5RME4 

Thanks for your purchase Ben! Greedy Orange People shirt on @amazon The GOP hates Vets, Gays & Elderly https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01HP5RME4 
we absolutely do not hate gays or elderly ppl. What the fuck is wrong with you?!
Infobahn is another ignorant liberal probably still living in mama's basement!
LOL. Nope. I'm in the top 2% of wage earners in the US. But keep lying to yourselves. Trump sucks.
.. wealthy ppl don't tell ppl how wealthy they are. Smh
and yet I just did.  You have no concept of the issues. You're a rube.
Remember, you're one of the most hated people to have ever lived.
low energy
Maybe that's the best time to tell them their press credentials are revoked. They are the #FakeNews, sir.
really? Give me a story they ran on him that is demonstrably untrue?
Yeah! Ditto that! Tell me if anyone ever shows you something.
it's depressing that they use 'elite' to mean 'for equal rights' or 'reads books'
I know. Never have I banged my head against a wall more. 
Make sure to read the New Yorker.
I don't get the innuendo.
Make up your mind; you're pathetic. If you can't handle talking to a newspaper, how will you handle real problems?
He won't. He will lie, deny and settle. Just like his past shows.
You lost the popular vote by 2.5 million votes.
Not disputing the result. Just reminding out PEOTUS that most people don't like him. Thanks for your input.
47% of voters is NOT most people. I don't think you know how MATH works...
Oh wow you are a dum dum.
Then do the math, show me HOW most of America hate Trump. I'm waiting.
I never said "hate." A majority of voters didn't vote for him. And 2.5 million more voted for Clinton.
2.5 million....dead democrats, duplicate voters, illegal democrats in CA & NY. @SherChavez @PigPaws @realDonaldTrump
Whine, whine, whine. Stop the crying and try sounding presidential for a change.
Well yes. You're right. I am a racist hater @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
Oh. I'm so upset @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
I like crayons @realDonaldTrump
wish they weren't so Liberal!
well, you don't have to stop. Just get back in there.
He will, he is a good man and sometimes you get people who dont want good.  They are very stupid people I'll stay with Trump
where are your tax returns? You said you would release them, walk your talk!
how'd you like all the booing leaving NYTimes? Hahaha America hates you. #TrumpsAdouche #hahaUgotBooed
Not til you're behind it
What are you talking about?
I'm not happy about the Clinton’s being let off the hook. Guess there is two separate justice systems
He is not saying he will stop FBI & DOJ from doing their job (investigating Clinton).
he did the same by even mentioning it. Now they're saying he sent message to FBI as Obama did
We cannot believe MSM. 2 years of lying. I trust #PresidentElectTrump. He will let the law do its job.
He said it twice now. He doesn't want to hurt the Clinton’s in live interview and NYT today
yes b/c he cannot have influence on what happens. He will let FBI & DOJ do their job.
he just influenced the same as Obama used to do. So confused, but hope he stays out of it
according to FOXNEWS. Trump didn't take the investigation off the table.
Don't back off on the climate change issue.  Hoax maybe an extreme term but humans have little to do with it.
Climate scientists need to be investigated to determine the extent they are biasing the data.
found some great pictures to share  https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/photos/a.347907068635687.81180.346937065399354/1323163717776679/?type=3 …
meeting with tv executives so you can cry, they only repeated your own words via video of you
NY TIMES DO NOT DESERVE YOUR TIME.  THEY ARE NOT YOUR FRIEND.  BE CAREFUL.
you left off the "failing"...how ya gonna hypnotize your fans? Never drop the "failing", never

Unfortunately, some people don't get it, because they just don't want to get it, unfortunately. All the best!
please allow your administration to investigate the Clintons like you promised.
so where's the update?
Donald Trump-----need to put Black Republican JC Watts in his cabinet

Here's why http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8036183/1/#new …
Let them fail on their own.
it's all false but playing the game! Not personal but business ! Reminding me ... Play the game Rachael..

Good decision.
im very sad that not all Americans are treated the same under the law... #Clintons secret docs being miss handled
Have another tantrum planned?
Millions of followers concerned you are backtracking on Hillary - do the laws in fact only apply to 'average' Americans?
why are you the President elect GOING to the NYTimes! They should go to you!
why to give credibility  to nytimes... nytimes lost all credibility
POTUS Elect Trump #ShutOutMedia bypass #BiasedMedia altogether & stick to one on one Social Media
Well I don't read them anymore, nor @cnn @msnbc @nbc @cbs I hope you give 'em hell. Too far gone. Can't be fixed.
we look forward to you revealing your tax returns in the interview, like you told everyone you would when you won!
AYDEH MR. PRESSIDENT SEND SECRET ENVOY TO XI PRESS CAPITULATED NO MORE OBSTACLES WE OWN THE ROAD A MASSIVE SECRET BILATERAL
give them hell boss, My president
good
Don't - You do realize they need you more than you need them right? Did you see their financial results?
Thier losing money and are just trying to get more click bait from you. Biggest downfall of a once historic paper
Good Working with Good Worker ...Congratulations Mr Trump
enjoy now it's your turn.
you really are bi-polar. Can't make up your mind about anything! God help this once great nation.
I'm So Sick Of All The Hate Groups In America ! Media Blows This Hate Up By Giving Platforms> Silence Hate #MAGA
Should not meet up with the fake NY TIMES Mr President,who writing so many lies against you!
Ooooh big f-ing deal! NYTimes and media keep government and YOU in check. Stop restricting 1st Amendment.
https://milo.yiannopoulos.net/2016/11/trump-roasts-msm-private-meeting/ …
1. Let them keep guessing what your doing and not doing 2. Only release the videos like you have that state ONLY..
The Donald  the Banana Republic of America!

 New Scams added Daily

Coming Soon to You In 2017!
@realDonaldTrump @nytimes

could change their newspaper name in New York Crimes"the left propaganda platform"paid by bankers and speculators

WHY??? NOTHINGEverGoodComesOutOf LiberalMEDIA TheyALWAYS SPIN UR OwnWords2MakeU LookBad QuitGivinThemTheRope2HangU
UDon'tNeedLIBERAL MEDIA UHavOtherSources2Use UNeed2FORCE LiberalMedia 2Go2ThoseOtherSources 4FootageOfYourComments

said they had 25 people yet article said Wed and it is Tue so they had to correct. They don't know what day it is.
Why on earth go to the nyt? They should go out of business. Long live http://infowars.com 

your mental get some help
Very sad your team tried to keep you from NYTIMES mtg. Hope they don't try that when you get to WH!
so far his named cabinet members have been spot on. Trump has to expand his support the next 4 years, it important
@Redheadedbird Why bother  @nytimes will be gone in a couple of years Yesterday's News on a  Dead Trees  Kinda outdated ?
WHAT'S THIS I HEAR? MELANIA +BARON NOT GOING TO LIVE IN WHITE HOUSE WITH YOU? not good image+NY SECURITY is MESS!
you are the dishonest and disobedient! Dictating to media that you aren't a liar & fraud pls
my president congrats, with you America will be great again.
Two failing institutions just taking it out, then?
donald more corrupt than Hillary or any other official in history shame on you donald you crook
Hang in there
Shut Their Beaks, Stop the propaganda and mind control.  http://Infowars.com  24/7 (A+)
lmao weren't u just railing against them the other day?
who's team is Reince on?  Not yours apparently
You keep backing off on what you promised and you will be a one term President!
You Sound Desperate.SAD.
@CNN @nytimes - New York Times and CNN suck!
Do you understand that if you pick Mitt Romney you will lose 2nd term and seats in '18? don't cave 2 GOP
America is set to burn until the riddle of how to halt CNN's radicalization of groups in US selling "URA victim"
Please read history, POTUS CAN have conflict of interest! Blind trust is the only way!POTUS IS NOT YOUR BUSINESS!!
Why meet with those jackals?
it would be way cool if the press could finally teach you the value & power of a FREE press.
Hillary won 2 million more votes than you. That means that many more people wanted her for President.
 Your Chief of Staff was so embarrassed by your ignorance he lied to you about the meeting being called off! 
The only way to Stop Illegal Immigration and make $ at the same time is by Going After Employers with a Huge Fine!
If you do that, your wall will cost zero dollars and no one will hire anyone illegally. It will create jobs in US.
and one more thing... Americans will have their jobs back and we will be able to control immigration at its cores!
You can't stop the media. Please read the constitution before you get into office.
"Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
CAN'T WAIT AMERICA IS GONNA BE ROCKIN STRONG AND BEAUTIFUL LIKE TRUMP TOWER
Very disenchanted with corrupt media saying you say u are above the law.  Please avoid jerks forever from now on!
Huh? @realDonaldTrump I thought they were the FAILING @nytimes? What are you talking about? "Look forward to it!" Crazy, to say the least...
U BETTER B PLAYING SOME SERIOIUS LIB GAME ON THEM THEM THEM!LOCK THE SHIT UP&STOP CODDLING!CLINTONS HATE ALL&U.NEED2JAILNOW
As for Hillary, make Obama pardon her. He is culpable and will do it to save his own ass.
They still suck and have always sucked.
catch more flies with honey. Good luck!
The New York Times is in the fiction business. Maybe you can straighten them out!
how did that go? Use their paper for kindling this CHRISTMAS season
No hurry to prosecute HRC, but this must be done, or release others who have been locked up for doing a lot less.
another thing u need to reconsider holding people accountable and responsible, millions voted for u because u said u would
just discovered your page. Hilarious! Here's one for the #orangetoddler. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yezC0WWlMbY … #tuesday
I hope after we have stuck with you your not pulling a Bernie and about to sell we the people out. Please keep your word.
But your chief of staff lied to you to provoke you.
we elected you and gave you  House and Senate because we did not want any Clinton's anywhere near the White House
Dont trust the Times!!!
delete your account
Good move
I wanna see mw2 remastered also love @CSGOBig 
