It's sad when no person, racial group, woman, young woman is safe from you.
No surprise
@EntheosShines So tomorrow WE have 2 get out with 196% passion and overwhelm the passionless #Dems! #NeverEverHillary #MAGA
Isn’t that SHOCKING. 

@EntheosShines If the media just told the truth Trump would be up 100% and Hillary would not get one single vote!
... Says the guy from the party that literally calls for assassination of political rivals...
Well, Hillary calls for it and follows through.  Google Clinton Body Count.
Google Projection, Deflection, and while you're at it look up how Hitler rose to power.
Those are the tactics of Democrat playbook.
You are completely blind. You just can't see it through the blind hate can you?
Nope, can't see HRC & libs/Dems through their hate.
So what you're saying is that people who are well-informed overwhelming support Clinton.
You mean misinformed?
Please, find a new theme?  This MSM attack is getting tedious.  You are HERE because of the MSM, u are what they report.
He's just telling truth again. Most MSM in tank for HRC.
Means total of  $400k given by "MSM", 96% went to C /4% went to T who wants to tie hands of MSM & 1st Amend
BS. Wants honesty in journalism. REAL journalism-fair & impartial.
Trump has the media to thank for his currently over exalted position.
Peter is correct.  DT rode the MSM wave.  When truth surfaced, he lost to it.  DT's to blame.
What truth? You mean Dem/lib lies , exaggerations?
so are you too thick to think that ALL the hundreds of negative stories about him are fake
"He was a perfect gentleman to us, & to all of those other beautiful women that were all over him"
Hmmm...Why do I get this feeling that these girls were paid to say that?
It's the women who claimed "assault" from DT who were paid to lie.
That's the stupidest statement ever!
BS. How HRC & Dem work.
And the rest to you. That just shows they don't like you as much. Nothing else.
96% of DC voted Hillary. Therefore, with these two facts now fully understood. What are we going to do? May I suggest for starters a public hanging of both Clintons, McStain, Okenyan and his crew, Comey etc.
The MSM are not journalist. They are D propagandist, a bunch of Baghdad Bob's. It's sickening!
i agree as it bothered me that Germans ALLOWED a bully to murder at will that was how I felt/ when DT said muslims not allowed
So you'd like lots of muslims here so they can murder us at will.
no I don't want to be murdered by catholic or Christian Buddhist Jew in advance I know your mind is set DT is your savior
only you could somehow make 96% of informed professionals hating you about you being better!
it's almost genius in its idiocy! The ability to twist a situation to fit your own narcissism like that!
Yep.  Narcissistic Personality Disorder IN THE HOUSE!
Glad they lost their money.....
Yeah. Journalists tend to be liberal. The owners and execs in control of said media empires, tend to be conservative.
That would include the Bastards at FOXNEWS ! Get ready to see Chris Wallace's true side Wednesday at the debate !
Yeah, I'm wondering how he will be too.
My 2 Grandsons are big Trump fans!!
Disgusting
WikiLeaks reveals Trump beats-off with his tiny left hand so he can pretend it's young Putin.
Not funny.
@Just_a_Texan she gives the press complete access to get positive praise
And 90% of “journalists” voted for Hillary yet claim to be “unbiased”
WE ARE NOT ON THE PLANTATIONS BABY. KILLARY IS CORRUPT MURDERER.
Repeat these words: I'm a horrible candidate. That's why I'm losing. 
Repeat 100x
Guys don't buy this. All his surrogates are now complaining about media. He's manipulating the media to not be fair re HRC

84% of articles about @HillaryClinton are negative in tone. Harvard study confirms the media tears her down. 
Has been this way since last year.
His accusations don't have any power any more because there are so many of them and they're all stupid.
you are alone solider except for those are awareness people who stand up your side
Stop defending Mr. Trump. ATTACK, ATTACK, ATTACK. Ignore her attacks. Ask her rapid fire questions she can't answer. Expose
perhaps it's because they're educated and she's not insane.
Maybe it's because they're very liberal biased & she's very corrupt.
DNCis stealing this election.The people have zero say. We want you, not her. But they won't allow it. This makes me sick!
it's rigged now I suppose,has it nothing to do with the fact the majority of Americans see trump for what he really is?
I'm replying to your tweets not hers,if she wants to she can get me.
what are you talking about,you're losing me.getting tired.
Don't forget the #FBI .............
So effing what?  We know this.  Please find a topic of substance to whine about on twitter.  Thanks much!
and the Republicans have donated zero to Donald  @realDonaldTrump
So happy they aren’t going to get their moneys worth!!
Start a Trump media empire based on honesty.
save America from the Clinton's!
That's a good one!!
did u maybe consider the fact that nobody likes you
that's because they are citizens too... and they are intelligent enough to realise that you are unfit for office
BS, liberal left bias only, not much intelligence there.
LOL they are afraid of you... as almost everybody on earth. At least the intelligent people
Good, hope they are. Maybe they'll shape up then.
Hah! Real journalism is dead.
Rational people here and around the world see that Trump is insane and driven ONLY by ego and selfishness.
You just keep telling yourself that in your delusional alternate reality.
Remember when you banned journalists from attending your speeches because you didn't like what they had to say about you?
Remember when they were very dishonest?
maybe they don't support your ideas and who you are as a person! #ImWithHer  Most Americans do not support you!
Perhaps it's because they recognize UR #UnfitForPOTUS #Insane #Sociopath #Misogynist #Racist #Bigot #SerialCheater & a #CON
He's not Dem!!
kinda what happens when you've bashed them all. What the hell planet you from?
Kinda what happens when the press is biased & dishonest!
most people with college degrees are voting for her too. Very telling.
Yeah, telling that college doesn't equal intelligent.
that's because you're crazy!
How come your own children have never donated to your campaign but have to Hillary in the past?
You suffer from gnorance @SpinDr ...read more!!
They've given you free time the entire year  @realDonaldTrump How much do you think that costs? Millions, loser.
How much money you think that MAKES them libtard?
Trumptard in case you didn't know ALL sorts of media are a business.ALL. Yet Trump pig got services for free
Libtard-Trump brings in ratings, good for bus, good for profits.
Same as the Kardashians. He's a fucked up tabloid celebrity which doesn't make him in anyway fit for prez
You are nuts.
so? individuals cant donate where they see fit?
Journalism is supposed to be impartial.
and on their own time reporters are people just like a doctor or a mechanic free to think/donate as desired
They can damage credibility & trust.
because they are intelligent and can see a fraudster like you more easily?
Obviously not since they support the very corrupt, phony HRC.
They dont support a racist. They ought to know.
How can they-they're Dem.


TRUMP IS A RACIST HOMOPHOBIC TRANSPHOBIC XENOPHOBIC SEXIST PIG
BS.
Jealous that Clinton got a huge amount while you got just a token?  lol
You're the terrorist here.
ignorance @beetlebear
That's because journalists are not idiots and actually care about the future of this country.
@PennyHicks13 ...power abusing #ragmedia hacks
And thats putting it mildly Historians will review #MSM archives & be thoroughly disgusted!All media integrity gone @realDonaldTrump
only if we can get THEM to record it accurately! My faith is being tested to its limits
is it because journalist are informed or are decent people? Or want freedom of speech?#debates #RiggedElection #maga
None of above.
how so? I seemed to give some pretty good options.
They are none of those things. In the past, but no longer now.
foxnews sean hannity and the rnc radical station have given you millions in un compensated airtime. used to be illegal
.@realDonaldTrump yeah I wonder why...
These are the smart journalist because I would not give you a f....ing penny!
dies that include Hannity's in-kinds?
Mr President I wonder if your "Friend" bill O'Reilly sent Crooked some green backs #mediabackstabbers
you're upset because journalists contributed to her more than you? Buck up buttercup.  If you want more, be a better man.
of course because their liberals not fair and unbiased,they are liars,thats why they identify with Hillary because both lie
REJECT THE CORRUPT AND SYCOPHANTIC PRESS.  THEY ARE A GENUINE THREAT TO A FREE SOCIETY.  THEY'RE ENEMYS OF LIBERTY.
Because you are constantly attacking them. No wonder.
that's because of two thing's 1.they don't want to end up dead. 2.she pay's good.
- What a joke, but we are NOT laughing!! Sick and deceptive.
Maybe they like her better. Doesn't mean the donation comes from the publication they work for. Get a clue.
Perhaps this is your actual problem, Donald:
another false statement
I would suggest therapy for you, but Narcissism is incurable. Why? Because you won't admit you're sick as hell.
In a democracy, Americans can make choices. Your dictatorship shows how unfit for Presidency you really are #Totalitarian
don't worry too much about that.  Worry that 96% of the country will be voting against you #sniffles.
Where can I shower you with anti-delusional/paranoid medications? My treat.
We know media in collusion with Hillary
Your supporters threaten them w/ violence, you threaten to suppress them. Can't believe you're not getting their donations.
So sad they are kissing asswith her.
would you bet on a losing team? NOPE...
93% of all statistics are made up
@Juanjo3800
maybe, just maybe it's cause you are a total douche and clearly a dumbass
https://twitter.com/Dr_Scooter/status/766713409563832323 …
$396k is really nothing in an election. Are journalists not allowed to donate to candidates they believe in?
maybe that's because they've studied the campaigns in detail Donald, is it bias when you're an idiot?
* #FollowTheMoney *
this is more or less related to the fact that they're college educated & therefore not a part of your target demographic
Wow I guess none of them like TRUMP I wonder why that is???
please just concentrate on the real issues. We can't afford to have her win.
@realDonaldTrump
BOUGHT. CANT BE TRUSTED.
it's not media bias. It's sane American bias. We know the danger u pose to Nat Security and ur contempt for military
You and your future tv network should be called Delusional News network

Hmm I wonder why?
U call the press "corrupt liars" & U want to kill the 1st amendment.   I wonder why they aren't supporting U. @HFA
This clearly states that some journalists donate, but the vast majority don't.  You are cherry picking from the article.
We guessed that  no suprise
Dementia is settling in!
that's ridiculous and you know it.
Deplorable reading comprehension.
The Free Press should always fight against Tyranny.
do you realize you just linked an article where the second half went on and on about why they will vote 4 @HillaryClinton
Not Good!!!  Talk about ISIS and Foreign Policy
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY …
Where is CONGRESS? DOJ?! (lol I know. Too funny! Lynch? HONEST?! Please)
CRIMES on Tape. And?? P1
maybe it's because you suck
dt, do u really expect them 2 give u cash after u say they r failing, crooked & spread lies? u r so SILLY #DJTbatcrapcrazy
Wow look at all the uninformed brain dead responses. Media just as crooked as Hillary. Supporters crooked as well.
not surprised!!
Is everyone watching this? The total meltdown of a megalomaniac blowhard who is incapable of humility? Go on, Donnie, go on
MUST SEE BREAKING UNDERCOVER VIDEO INTO THE HILLARY http://CAMPAIGN.MEDIA  WILL NOT SHOW.RETWEET

ISNT THIS ILLEGAL???
.@realDonaldTrump 

Late stage #Alzheimers - #unhinged #paranoid #conspiracy & #violent ideation.
Not true. #releaseyourtaxes
The @HillaryClinton campaign is RIGGING THE ELECTION 100%!!

#BoycottCNN #NeverHillary
We know this, MEDIA IS AGAINST U , FIGURE OUT HOW TO BEAT THEM AT THEY'RE GAME !!!
Gee I wonder why.
HC is the better choice!
#LooserDonald you got more free advertising by MSM than all candidates in History but your incompetence and evil shone thru
@LynoMN @buffwon New POLL results prove Clinton:Trump have 1:10 policy approval ratio. RT .  https://lynomn.blogspot.com/2016/10/clinton-v-trump.html …
sucks to be You?
That's not biased, it's just common sense...
or maybe journalists are more intelligent than average and therefore more likely to see you talk bollocks
Maybe it's because they like their candidates to be SANE? #Unhinged #DonTheCon
CRIMINAL CROOKED HILLARY IS BEHIND THIS SCANDAL !
you need to inspire young people and women. Tell them your solutions and give them hope
Better than the #Trump KOOK-Aid! 
Hey,throw another Ambassador on barbie.@HillaryClinton  reply: Who cares,theyre dead already @Americanvln1 @realDonaldTrump
if the polls show her down double digits as I believe. The rigged system.looks real bad. So the skew the polls so w not sur
that's because they know what a disaster you would be!
@aduanebrown It's the journalists who need the shower.

awe, bitter they won't give you any? Look on the bright side, at least you have the #kkk, #nazis & #NRA ...@HillaryClinton
Because they understand that you are a HUGE threat to press freedom.

Simple. 
Maybe it's because they are too smart for you and know you're a complete fraud #donthecon
yup yup but she takes foreign money for favors
and your proof?  Oh that's right just like every other accusation, no proof..  and oh. Where are your taxes?  No proof
On the bright side, you got 100% of the terminally stupid.
GOOGLE NEW VIDEO AGAINST CLINTON CAMPAIGN ITS CRITICAL ALL OF HER PAST CRIMES UNBELIEVABLE &DOCUMENTED SHE HELPED BOMBERS
@GeorgeStephanopolus is the worst !
NOT one bit surprised!

disgusting!! TRUMP loyal!
You are an embarrassment to the country!!!  DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT #StopTheOrangeTroll
Yea, cuz they don't throw $$ away on Con Men! They see u for who u r & know u will be a disaster for country. Truth hurts.
It's not much of a game when the umpire is playing for the other team.
#HillaryForPrison 
#EmailScandal 
#NeverHillary
More lies!
96% of ALL donations have gone to Hillary.  Because only one in twentyfive people like you.
so junkies criminal media fraudulent. It's only  shapes Hillary The Obama's arrogant racists show casing. Allot of mess.
And all you got was $millions of free campaign coverage so networks could stoke ratings. #NeverTrump
When in doubt - follow the facts. #CorruptMedia
Because she's better than you. She ain't great, but she's doesn't represent the worst of the human race
. If exhausted people support your opponent with their money of their free will you might wanna keep it on the d-low
This is not brain surgery. They don't like you.
Did you get that stat from Wikileaks? 
These are the same folks bent on making the news rather than reporting it.
96% cash for Trump is from Russia
It's in his taxes...Trump owes Russia millions and millions
Um, I think 96% of donations PERIOD have gone to Hillary.
Just more proof that they are all behind her, pushing as hard as they can!!
Smart money
This is pretty sad.  She owns them all but it took her 30 years to do it. #CrookedHillary #ImWithher NEVER EVER
Especially @BernieSanders supporters money. That is why I never give to campaigns. I'd rather flush it down the toilet.
That makes her smart
drumpf is courting big business for millions. What is he going to in return?
Bill Clinton has done far worse to women while he was President. Why didn't the woman do something after it was done/30 yr.
because they're educated and know what they speak of. While you're unfit to wipe their feet.
In other words... "PEOPLE WHO HAVE TRAINING AND EXPERTISE IN UNCOVERING THE TRUTH ARE ALL VOTING CLINTON"
could it be because you're so reprehensible?
What about u asking for donations from people who can't afford it. Is that what u do to everyday people who are voting for.
.@realdonaldtrump ROFLMAO - Trump realizes the election is done. Starts aggressively blaming others for his loss
I will fact check this. You lie 70% but understand they want her to win. You will sensor media.
.@realDonaldTrump BTW, Donny, you're whining again.   

Not winning, Donny. Whining.
Also tried to tell Legal American citizens how to vote and that she all ready won and no one had voted yet Thank you President Trump. Death to all socialism and communis around the world in May we find help for those that believe in it
We get  it Donald. Now focus on the real issues and the things people want you to accomplish as POTUS
