Our prayers with all the families, and thank you President Trump to care for the people.
Trump is the President-Elect.

Amen
YOU ARE A CROOK
go find your safe place snowflake he won & already making a difference more than what Obama ever done or does
Obama would have done a lot more if the Republicans had not been childish for eight years.
make America brown again
is that so?
you're probably a white person posing as a Mexican
Why, because you think Mexicans want illegal immigrants in this country? Who's really the racist here? You.
Considering those illegals are from their country of ORGIN. Illegals work harder then anyone in this country
ur a child
Metallica's Hardwired
Oh sorry, you know Trump and Hillary are friends.
Too bad she's an actual citizen....legally
oh yeah, that was heartfelt!
keep tweeting ive been on your side since you told Orielly u were running for president.  I think its great to keep tweets
thank you for your concern. This is much more important to tweet about then raging on NYT
How loving kind.
no parent should ever have to bury their child..Thinking of the families!
shut up
grow up Hes sending condolences to families more than what Obama has ever done or does Already making a difference
very sad indeed. May God be with their families.
Amen.
It is sad.
very sad indeed. May God be with their families.
Thoughts and prayers 
yall liberals gonna talk shit about his kindness too or ?
about time he addressed it... its been over 24 hrs. He tweeted about being butt hurt by ny times within the hour.
he lied,  everything he said he would do to get the vote he is backtracking. He lied for votes.  Congrats to him


Drivers make poverty wages so they don't get the best ppl to drive the MOST precious of life
My child would never have been allowed on a bus with that kind of looking driver.
To all the loosers spreading their hate, get overt it. U are so brainwashed that you don't see that he is working for u !
our thoughts & prayers go out to the families of the children in Tennessee crash RIP
very sad to hear my heart goes out to all the family's.
Media now attacks you for not prosecuting Hillary

You really don't know how your supporters feel
look who's talking!!!!
only the beautiful ones though.
Thanks you for caring about Americans. We finally have a president who is color blind that cares about all of us.
you do know that Trump is a pathological liar and con man.......I wouldn't give him that much credit for this tweet
This accident happened yesterday, a little slow w/condolences, oh forgot @nytimes priorities right
Have you trolled Obama's page asking for a statement on the crash? Ya know, since he is pres and all
Tow trailer park girls go round the outside.. round the outside.. round the outside...
@ginachirico2
You could have picked another one of his tweets for this.
@dellwashington6 you go Donald trump!!!
What, you think that because Trump says something nice, that means he's changed? Fuck me <smh>.
Get some Advil. Your gunna be shaking your head for 4 years. Theres no fixing libtardation.
Well, there's a recount scheduled for three states, so Trump might not be pres-elect after all
Ahahaaa! Your living in a fantasy world man. Its over. Bet me your paycheck. Welcome Pres. Trump
are you fucking kidding? If the recounts show Hillary won, Trump ain't prez-elect no more.
Jill Stein has confirmed she is asking for a recount in all three states.
What were there names?
Keep going President Trump!! Just remember that great leaders meet great resentment. Keep going strong!
Thanks. Now how about you say white nationalism is bad for the country those children would've grown up in?
the last hiding place, the final fig leaf, of those who have lost the debate. "You're a racist."
.@realDonaldTrump responds immediately to Hamilton and SNL, waits a day to address the death of children.
but where are Hillary, Bernie or obamas tweets about the children? I'll wait...
I suppose the same place as Trumps denunciations of hate crimes carried out in his name
You mean when he told them to "STOP IT!" ? Obama told rioters to keep it up!!
he said 'stop it' didnt say wh should stop what He doesnt want the hate crimes2stop
Didn't see the video, eh? Then shut up!!
linguists get hired2find loopholes in contracts We find them by being literal&using semantics
Igor & Egg get back to me after you've done some reading & have an inkling of what you're talking abt.
buffoon
this from a guy who can't even put two words together #smdh
Not true...
Look at this picture Hillary supporters
FAKE! Jesus H. Christ...
trash
actually Trump is whining at SNL and the cast of Hamilton.
I can't even read that shit.  Fail!
actually I'm laughing at his silly ass for being so thin skinned.  Before you call anyone stupid, you might learn to spell
no one believes you
why don’t you tell them to back off the water protectors @ Standing Rock, what about condolences to all of those Americans?
Yeah, right. You have never in your life, cared about anyone but yourself-and those who'd feed stroke your...(you know).
#Trump voters angry because they lost their government jobs

@realDonaldTrump #TrumpBetrayal #TrumpTrain #TrumpTransition #TrumpIsComing
#TrumpBetrayal #TrumpTrain #TrumpTransition #TrumpIsComing
You have Sandy Hook deniers in your cabinet.  Don't act like you care about children's lives!  You make me sick.
What about the ugly children?
My kids are the same age. I homeschool them. I can imagine to put my kids in the bus and be the last time I see them. #MAGA
NO ROMNEY!!!!!
Make Dr Carson head of the Health Department, he no nothing about HUD.
Amen
Yes  ,  it is very sad.
http://alfath.tv/channel/index.php/2014-06-24-11-14-30/alfath-shows/video/aweeeeeeee …
really you care?
Never once did I see Obama reach out to the family's who faced loss, You are showing such leadership and nobility.Thank You
"they will be remembered"? can you name one child's name? how about the city? how about when it happened?  Too many details
But its cool for your followers to send threats to a latino teen in Natick? And you expect us to believe your BS?
I am so very happy you won are you going to do what you promise all of us what you gonna do
Do you have any plans to deal with the unrest in the Dakota. The protesters are being run over.
fuckuflamingasshole
no Romney!!! he never go long with u he out just for himself he turn on you every time he gets chance..no ROMNEY

R U sure this really happened??...no conspiracies this time
Sir you should not nominate Mitt .Sir,he is past tense;move forward with someone who'll represent us better.
thank you for making a small town proud to call you our president. You are the only person to send out your condolences
R U Seriously Thinking U R Accomplishing Anything By Screaming on CNN? U R Deplorable!! UR Creating Hate!
Deplorable & creating hate?  You must be talkin bout Putin's PUPPET BOY
what is this a joke or did his twitterbot go off the rails TRUMP don't care about black or brown ppls children's plight
Yes very sad - unless it was a bus fall of lying main stream media types in which case we'd celebrate!
you too Mr. President. We are so grateful this Thanksgiving. With love from the TN Neville Family. Blessings to u and yours
those families are devastated. Don't try to pretend u care. You care about NOBODY but yourself
A sad event. If the driver was at fault perhaps the hiring process can be improved.
#NoToRomney!!
#NoToRomney!!
#NoToRomney!!
#NoToRomney!!
#NoToRomney!!
Ben Carson has no idea how to run HUD.  Save the man some embarrassment!!!  Flown in a plane... Not qualified to be pilot!
please stop common core
hmmm
Romney for head of VA not STATE
hey can you get PA to be compliant with REAL ID act. Our PA license won't be enough to fly!! Thx.
When it's haters even in a thread like this we know electing you was the right decision.  #CleanUpTheCountry
shows no class to give condolences on Twitter. Are you 15 Act like a president Need lessons from Hillary or Obama
it's So sad and terrible that bus couldn't Crush you. 
yes it is horrible Please, Ben Carson for HUD Wants to make difference in Education or inner cities don't pigeon hole
hey don j chump....75% of Americans see you steering the country like that shit head driver drove the school bus! Nepitism
Congratulations. Remain focussed.
...unless they're brown.  Then they should have complied with gravity, right?
so does DT not trust Ivanka with family businesses or is this NEW pay 2 play
How about this beautiful child?
#JamesMeans
#BLM
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/king-black-teen-james-means-killed-remorseless-white-man-article-1.2884929?utm_content=bufferfc5c4&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=NYDailyNewsTw …
I always support you, because I am know you will be a fantastic president of United States.
what are their names?
the only thing you've said that I can actually agree with!
when will u go 2visit the families? I'm sure thy will be comforted by you President Elect Trump. #chattanoogabuscrash
hey trump im from england do you hate me? 
mitt Romney is a snake in the grass. He will turn on you.  Someone else please!!!!!!
like you give a crap about minority children in Tennessee. Puh-lease.
I thank God for you Donald.
Well spoken Mr. President
We #Biafrans sympathize with Americans for this terrible loss.. We hope to build a better world
Can someone please tell the garbage man to stop using exclamation points in every sentence

funny because you couldn't even be bothered to raise your own.
If anyone can spare a few bucks 2 help a single mother bf she's put on the street, has no family https://www.facebook.com/laura.wingfield.503?fref=nf&pnref=story …
for those that are not fans of trump read " the art of a deal!" This book reveals that Trump is a person that C.A.R.E.S.
KMcEnany Why t/DramaQueenPerformanceon CNN? Can U Not Behave in Professional Manner UR WhyWe Deplore DJT.
Let US turn right
 condoléances all family
. HYPOCRITE
please help congo we are gaying 12000000 are dad because for uwer mineral please help us
Your Pandering Won't Save You Old Man We Got Your Number .
SO.F*CKING FAKE. Ugh. I see you.... #NotMyPresidentElect
thank you, sir. We are heartbroken!!! :( we appreciate your love and support.
drink ur tea baby :)
YOU CORN BALL. YOU CANT EVEN COME CLOSE TO SOUND ING LIKE AN ADULT.Still brainwashing.
thank u for being strong during the race and make America great again!!!
AYDEH MR. PRESIDENT TIME FOR BRIEF FIRESIDE CHAT ON ANY THEME
STOP  SHAFTING  GOVERNOR PALIN .YOU PROMISED HER A CABINET SPOT. 
@SarahPalinUSA @BorisEP @KellyannePolls @JasonMillerinDC
great
Condoléances aux familles des petites victimes !!
WOW, you look like shit and you haven't even taken office yet. I'm gonna enjoy the show. #notmypresident
your tweet got deleted again wtf bro? I was just watching your video 2 minutes ago and didn't even have time to save it.
- May God continue bless Trump to make America more safe place, be positive, Ethical, ambition  appreciation spirits &great
All School buses should be equipped with seat belts. It should be a federal law.
please don't elect Bolton  the Democrates want him because they think he will put us in war
You don't give a fuck about the children now say something about James Means the country is waiting
no Mitt ROMNEY for anything
good thing u can do is donate food to the pantry in Springfield,Massachusetts at the Backs and O Brien show at rock 102
@luvinlife1967   Trump? Yeah right, not your kind so save the condolences; FAKE
I'm not personally involved but I'm in TN. So I know how sad this was. It's not much but your condolences are appreciated.
you sure do have your moments - you have the best heart - hoping you succeed in the political apprentice!
Never Romney
please prosecute Hillary after the inauguration.  Don't become them
Your The Man!
pls sir come an help biafrans we need our freedom pls
great picks today mr trump
hey guys earn real cash http://www.ultimatecycler.com/ref/lnkwoji  just got 100$ with 25$ in a day pays big time
Thank you for caring.
You could care less about TN and those kids probably a staff member wrote that stupid tweet.
Can you please state their names???

.@realDonaldTrump Who tha fuc names thier kid "Jonthany" anyway?
such a sad tragedy for the families,  the community and our country.
Please #neverromney
like you care you live in a bubble no idea about the real world
How? Did you send a donation to help their families?
