So, Donnie, you STILL haven't apologized. 
All finger pointing. Pathetic. You lose. 
#debatenight #debate
apologize for what, exactly? She cannot even admit her own lies and deceptions against we the people
What kind of adult brings someone else up when their lies are questioned?
One that throws everyone around her, including the President and Powell, under the bus for her actions
I was talking about you and Trump. He talks about Hillary EVERY time he's asked about his actions. Sad.
your intended reference was general in nature, "what adult" and my reply was acceptable in debate.
he sucks
@nadia_555shaw @POTUS   It's already been proven by testimony that hijacking election software has already been done.
That is U. You contradict yourself in the same sentences. You don't know what you believe or stand for. Depends on ?
Michelle also said in 2008 Race "if she cannot take care of her own house, she cannot take care of the White House."
@VetApologist @ikedog101 @magamemequeen1 @oscarsrus  Obama knows her. She'll SAY anything but DO nothing.
WAKE UP AMERICA
WAKE UP AMERICA
Wow... Is Barron taking the Picture?
so we can't bring up things you've said in the past but you can bring up the president's
THE TRUTH ALWAYS WINS OUT. THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP.
Obama said that and then appointed her secretary of state. Hypocrite!
@CarmineZozzora @POTUS @GOP who is better change agent to reform corrupt DC Trump or crooked HILIARY
Have to agree with Obama on that one.
maybe, but we are afraid you will burn the whole book donny
I can only find @POTUS and @FLOTUS  praising @HillaryClinton .. y'all need to take your meds and chill @realDonaldTrump
And you will say anything, about anybody and only you believe it's true. Oh wait, the brainwashed bigots do too..
haha so u agreee with Obama then a second later you say can we take another 4 years of him!! Your pathetic holy fuck
SORRY NOT BUYING YOUR BOOK OF STUPIDITY. NO PAGES WILL BE TURNED
@nadia_555shaw @POTUS   It's possible nefarious people hijacking the election software have already doomed Trump's campaign
OBAMA TOOK WHAT I SAID ABOUT TURNING THE PAGE.HE CANT THINK FOR HIMSELF.
how about don's great quote "grab em by the pussy"?
SHE HAS DONE MORE GOOD FOR THE WORLD THAN YOU EVER WILL. BUT YOU CAN BE THE MOST FAILED CANDIDATE IN  THE U.S.
. i u ,,,
Trump was talking to those who do, what's your problem?
all false promises. wake up people. she even said she tells the public one thing a goldman sacs another
Sorry to miss Panama City rally. You win that area & wish u campaigning n Orlando/Mia. However, large Muslim pop in PC, FL.
Say that at next debate and tell them its Obama's words.
YOU WILL SEE!!!!
you promise everything and have answers for nothing all slogans no substance a burger with no meat
@dzgocats @POTUS Trump will return this country to We The People
Birther campaign starts all over again ??
Attack ad: Hillary will "say anything and do nothing."
Never said "was not qualified to be president." (Snopes)
what are we going to do about our 2nd amendment. She wants to take our GUNS
NO. That describes YOU!
I thought you didn't like Obama...
#we need a better ground game
Unhonest Hillary. How dare her compare herself to honest Abe.
It's called rruth. Thats new to you
I want to slam the book on your little dick
yes.... let's bankrupt America the same way you did with all your failed businesses.
And then he made her our Sec' O'State for four years. Besides, they at least shook hands.
A federal lawsuit filed in New York accuses  Donald Trump of repeatedly raping a 13-year-old young girl.
YOU HAVE SOLD YOUR SOUL TO PUTIN! GOING TO PRISON FOR TREASON!
And you say NOTHING - EVER.
Don't care about #Obama 'cause he knows one thing only "Shall we dance"  
@realDonaldTrump
To Chapter 11?
Domestic Violence Survivors are the silent victims of the crime bill. TRUMP as POTUS we have a chance to be heard
She has nothing good to run on...The biggest lier of all or the second in line after Obama
Donald Trumps a clown, a defeated clown, his stupidity is getting in his way of reality, there's no cure for that!
If one liar (Obama) calls another Liar (Clinton) a liar... Does that make them truthful or simply a double Liar?
I'm sure this was said when they were running against eachother in which as you know you will say anything,
Thanks for pointing out the truth, guys!  Vote 3rd Party!  #McMullinFinn 2016
Grab her pussy
You'll say anything to smear her because you can't win on your own merits (what merits?).
actually you have proven you will SAY and Do anything!!!! And at the same time take responsibility for NOTHING!
just words Predator Donald!
Its time for a whole NEW BOOK
Where as the Donald will screw over the entire country then take his chubby ass on vacation.
@HilaryClinton_  finally agree with Obama
@Jus2SassC you can not only turn the page but close the book on your Campaign.  You're Done!
Also said by CNN's Anderson Cooper
DONALD YOU ARE SO BUSY ATTACKING OTHERS WHERE WILL YOU FIND TIME TO RUN THE COUNTRY, YOU ARE TOO BUSY TWEETING.
poppas looks ike a quote to me.
That was 8 years ago loser
a rarity!!  Truth!!
"Say anything, change nothing" Sounds like Trump.Vulgar, lewd, sexual predator on bus.Polite, gentlemanly to ur face
Funny One liar (BO) telling the truth about another liar.
All she wants is her 1st for the history book at any cost
LOL, Obama is a hypocrite. I bet their all scared as jail ain't no fun, Go the Don -  Is Don, Is Good!
The real danger is Sharia law and how they treat women. No one is talking about that. @realDonaldTrump @StopIranRally @POTUS
your plans will destroy America
Trump unqualified unfit to be PRESIDENT

Picked her for the most important position, secretary of states.
Yes POTUS Donald J. Trump. We'll take our country back, be sovereign again with borders. USA isn't global!!!!!!!
Keep  going to the top
DESPERATE  DONALD
he said that at the time you were questioning his birth certificate. Crazy times. You're out of your element, Donny!
And trump will lie about everything as long as he wins but his very own words say it all about his character. not ad
Turn the page slam the damn book
We will never vote for you!
stop yelling# icky donald
your toast. Start making excuses now..lmao
more nonsense jingoism
chi UxbridgeUxbridge Cy
You may agree but you're wrong
Cyber screaming is for losers

You say everything that pops in you head? Foot and mouth disease?
wait, thought you said Obama is always wrong. Dumb
TRAITOR TRUMP WILL SAY ANYTHING AND APOLOGIZE FOR NOTHING. HE IS A DISGUSTING PIG AND DEPLORABLE HUMAN BEING.

SO WILL YOU! YOU have done, said it, lied about it #dumptrump
No need for attacks on Ryan not worth the space in your head! His voters feel he shouldn't bail on you shown by interviews
- You are flailing now.  Even your Desperation has gone from Quiet to Screaming in the Dark.  Your Dark Future.
oh crap,  I just agreed with Obama!  I guess anyone who likes beer enough to brew his own cant be all bad
Cause they are crooks.  Finally someone has dragged the Ghosts out of their Closet!
So interesting Sniffy Trump, but this is TODAY...and you only spread rumor
Oh you mean say anything and change nothing like you? All you have is incoherent words that mean nothing together.
@WERStanford @POTUS Why you complimented her as a fighter she never give up?
AMERICA IT IS TIME WAY PAST TIME AND YOU KNOW IT! obummer SHOULD HAVE NEVER BEEN IN THERE 2 TERMS!
thank god Hillary knows foreign policy and domestic policy and will be president.
@ddnnww @POTUS:/ was this Trumps work/no wonder he lost over 900 million
Obama doesn't talk in all-caps. This was clearly mashed out on a keyboard by tiny, grabby little fingers.
forget u Donald u come head sniff sniff smh
@CrookedHilIary WILL SAY OR DO ANYTHING, AND IT IS TIME TO TURN THE PAGE!!! IT'S TIME FOR @reaIDoneldTrump!!!
"Grab 'me by the pussy." - Donald Trump
wrong
I think U R talking about yourself there buddy! U R the one who talks so much shit, but says nothing! SAD & PATHETIC
comes back to bite you, doesn't it?
in a way I hope you get elected, so we can watch you stuff like you will, and believe me you will stuff up bigly
historically its true. 1 #HRC accomplishment-renamed courthouse.  How do u leave the WH broke and amass milns? P4P
except that @POTUS didn't say that - a narrator of a political ad did. Eight years ago.
@WhatWILLTrumpDo @POTUS 

Remember The Omen movies about The Devil? 

I see HRC I hear that music, yup she is The Devil!
@WhatWILLTrumpDo @POTUS 

Pull video of what Michelle Obuma said about HRC in 2012 election. Commercial it, run it.
Your OWN party members are dropping like flies!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=735580406591232&id=649374478545159 … ease hold a press conference on the leaks this week!
you will say anything and they are all lies
see she is a idiot
@ijenn80 Paul Ryan is a putz!!!
not to mention a self preserving coward.
. #HRC says it is not true that she destroyed emails. translation: someone else did it & you can't prove I ordered it
get Dennis Michael Lynch involved how to reach undecided millennials who never heard of Benghazi
and when asked about #trumptapes your answer was Benghazi??? #eyeroll
America we're not looking for the perfect person, we're looking 4 a POTUS who supp Amer! Trump puts Amer First!
I now agree with trump you should only have a threesome with skinny women
She will "change" things like Obama did, for the worse, much worse.
we're going to make America great again you're the only person that can do that with all of us LOL
I think they're just as bad as she is they need to wake up and smell the roses
I just don't understand the establishment the damn Democrats have stuff behind her
president Trump I think you did a tremendous jobs last night if the establishment can't get aboard there's a problem
I'm sorry people  the Clinton's  had their  chance  in the Whitehouse they layble black youth as predators jailed us
why are people  afraid  of change  its not business as usual  with Trump so if you want change Trump has it love it
enough  with the sexualy  talk about woman what man hasn't just don't get caught let he with out sin say something
I'm fed up with blacks getting  on CNN talking like they speak for black people stop it before you get exposed
Trump, you are our answer, HRC is the problem, HRC is our past, you are our future and our hope. #Trump2016
I believe Trump says things that he knows people say about him. He is laughable but frightening that he got this far
I need a gun will she help when emp comes? Donald will right?
@america_trump @POTUS What man hasn't talked about a good (POA).BUT THEY WON'T ADMIT http://IT.Locker  room talk nothing more.MAGA!
let talk about how the hell she made 25 mill as a public servant  sounds like Iraq
@america_trump @POTUS Mr.Trump you keep up the great work, USA NEEDS YOU NOW MORE THAN EVER, PLEASE PLEASE MAKE USA GREAT!!
"If you can't run your OWN house, you can't run the WHITE HOUSE!" -- Michelle Obama in 2011 on Hillary Clinton
si el despotrica contra la mujer que se puede esperar de este asshole racist
When you see @realDonaldTrump sniffling, he is lying!!! That's his tell. @POTUS
You are a liar and a bully!
@seanhannity @JudgeJeanine @TheFive @POTUS We The People need a POTUS 2 bring US in 21st century.Not 17th century mentality
assault anyone today?

Proven to be a liar & most corrupt politician in our history. We need Trump to overturn Obama's policies.

She changed her coal remarks saying she was the only one for coal people. What a crock.
"Donald Trump is unfit to serve as President of the United States."-70% of America.
@207Curtin @POTUS
Please finish this book
MP - trump in 2008 Well, I know her, and she'd make a good president or a good vice president,” Trump says


You can't remember what you've said.
we need a change not another career politician who say everything and does nothing... we want trump
You hate POTUS and say we can't take 4 more years of him then you quote him? You need to sort your personalities out
fight the devil with GODS WORDSThey are active powerful energized and effective.The tongue has power Life or death. Choose!
Donald Trump have you had an MRI to see if your brain is functioning correctly
she does it all the time
