Big league desperate lies.  Sad.

Then why are you losing? #BiglyIgnorant
Quoting yourself just makes you look like a tool.
Go...Trump...go
SHE'S SO SHORT AND STUBBY! HATE TO SAY IT..BUT IT'S TRUE.
watching her she is so scripted
the worst ones are the ones who don't get caught. She's the most stupid though
@Wakeupitsfern "Big League."
dang is that what he has been saying? I thought for sure it was bigly. It drove me nuts. Oops
and I have been debating that since NH Primary.
He aims to say Big League but it's actually Bigly, according to me.
I think he says both.
could be. Its just that nobody else ever says that. Maybe its a NY thing

tought I was gonna find dt supporters here but where are they at? This truly is strange
But she out played you in the debates.
Madame, do you bend over for Putin?
Trump is the worst guy on earth : totally insane and really stupid. How can he represent the American people ? Bad joke ?
@betseyross #EvilWomanHillary
…http://elpoderdelaestupidezhumana.blogspot.com/2016/10/por-favor-por-favor-que-dejar-la.html?spref=fb …
That must be why Hillary is so far down in the polls. Oh, wait...!
in your version of reality...nothing like your bankruptcies and 4,000 lawsuits, and bailouts from the Saudi Prince...
You're a minor league player.
the system is rigged as they gave us a criminal for a candidate that commit s one Crime after another!HRC needs to do time!
fuck all Hillary voters a bunch pathetic losers
She showed the world that she can't say paragraphs without a script or teleprompter. She lied on national TV. HA!

You mean "bigly".

#bigly
#AllTheBestWords
dream on, utter delusional
All you get with Crooked Hillary is lies and then another lie to excuse the previous one. Enough lies!
#FunFact, just bc u say something doesn't make it true
will you make our country like your Atlantic City casinos and make us bankrupt?
your not even entertaining. Hillary hags are such loosers
go play with your 30 followers
I earn my paycheck NOT by being a hag troll https://stream.org/astroturf-outrage-machine-of-paid-trolls-floods-social-media-to-counteract-negative-news-about-hillary-clinton …
@VickyBrush


: Sorry. Your sayings are too simple-minded to be included in a coffee table book of quotations.
@BerkowitzAnne she can't do it
any person in any government? Someone needs to crack open a history book
@almostjingo Great job tonight Mr. President!!!
i loved that white suit.  She looked so presidential.
@HillaryClinton 
She's scripted, and a typical politician!
Bye bye Hillary.
You do realize that just because you say something, that doesn't make it true? Not your world. Thank goodness.
You are SO FUNNY! Using your own quotes to support what you say! You've got one sly sense of humor.
Why Aren't I 50 Yrs in Jail U Might Ask 
if she wins get ready for ww3
Hillary got mad an hit one of her secret servicemen in the back of the head with a bible she's nuts
people who vote for Hillary deserve what she's gonna do
corruption
33000 emails I wander what she was trying to hide boy its sad to think people are voting for her after 30 years of corrupt
God says before you were in the womb i knew you Hillary is a lying murderous crook
trump Hillary is a murderer she proves it overseas in Waco Texas 1993 murdering unborn children
trump 2016 please put Hillary in prison where she belongs
continued! And sponsored or brought to you by "Hillary Rotten Clinton".
wow. Those Dems sure play dirty, be sure to watch James O'Keefe's video on how dirty they play! Coming Soon:US of Crime!
#SheWon
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHA!!

Truth about Clinton the 
Liar Crook socialist liberal disgusting person 
Read Wilki leaks prison not W H VOTING FOR TRUMP
You are so right. I am a senior woman & you have my vote. Hil-liary is nothing but a liar & is corrupt.
"Is @realDonaldTrump seriously quoting himself?"
-@epicjoshdude
@DonaldTrump_Rev @msest1 Nice Job Mr. Trump!
thats hilarious!! News here in PV said thats the end of our mini series. Bummer!!
that is hilarious!! Its like your favorite mini series being canceled!!
Yet She Outsmarted And Outplayed You In Every Debate #loser
Well done Mr Trump
there looks like there's something wrong with H  like she's on medication
False. #Clinton has more success as a leader than #trump because he has no interest in serving anyone but himself.
H  wants to ask for money instead of putting people to work

Now you're quoting yourself? Pathetic

big league truth... Trump is the winner of the debate!

uh-//Hunh???
Lies
Any quote by Donald J Trump is irrelevant, and usually based in fantasy, or full flight from reality.#Delusional
what about  meeting with Larada in the airplane that's crooked
you clearly said #bigly
don't let her over talk trump
your boy looks like a loser. Big League.
@mrscerritos1 @El_Dingo
Except that's not true.
yes she causes all of it she's a liar and full of corruption tell her
pig& snort..grosd

BIG LEAGUE TRUTH..YOU ARE A LIBERTY AND WOMEN PREDATOR....GO TO RUSSIA AND STAY THERE...#MAGA #UNITEBLUE
sounds like bill Clinton act
the sniffles are increasing as you talk about the women who accused you of groping them
I dunno. Bush lost that game of Hide and Go Seek with Bin Laden...so...
LOSER!!! MACHO IGNORANT MEN!
@HillaryClinton She doesn't have a clue how to get rid of $20 trillion in debt
rapist!!!!
ask her why 1,8 billion$ was transferred outta the clinton foundation on Sunday, is it going to Haiti???
Look who's talking! You are the worst animal in the world. You have no class and most of all, u have no brains. Lower.
I meant you're a Loser
You are way out of your league Don the Con. Hillary is Big League. You are t-ball (but even the kids don't like you)
She spews so much hot air that I swear the temp in this house went up 15 degrees........
The white pant suit is a nice touch.  Represents pure and innocence...LOL
with security she doesnt even know what that is the email scandal proves that no way i would trust her with the nuke codes
@Sc000terman
What kind of smart she has, even she can't stand with Putin's tectonic!? Weak brain of Russian waves!?
Putin's tectonics hitted her twice, she almost knocked out; she's lucky, guard hold her from laid down!?
She is kicking his ass tonight!
why did you agree to stand up? She has a teleprompter. She's reading
You are truly skilled. As you answer debate questions, you manage to Tweet so quickly we can't even see your fingers move
Sniff, sniff. It's Bigly. Not Big League. We can hear you. Own it.
Stop. You're embarrassing your children. They just want to stay in the will.
Not by you, Trump. Hillary is kicking your ass six ways to Sunday. Throw the towel.
she has a reputation that if her mouth is open she is lieing
Is that what Putin says?
You are a laughing stock! Thankfully your ego and insanity and lies override any sense.What a joke! Love it. Do a pratfall!
Middle Class & upper middle class is effed if Hillary wins
"...JUST KIDDING!"
big league truth? Such a presidential phrase haha #debatenight @HillaryClinton @cnnbrk @CNN
savage Mr Trump
"Sniff"
who wrote all the responses no way he's that smart and your just a puppet pushing buttons
Outsmarted is one word, dummy!
she admits another Stimulus and inxest means spend$$$
Don, you never even went beyond a bachelor's degree!  Every other candidate has a master's degree or a doctorate!
how are you tweeting and talking at the debate at the same time? #wizard
I think he has a clone so if he screws up it's all fine
& Trump knows how to outsmart & outplay people. Just ask people who he never paid for work done. Ask casino investors.
does HRC have her ear piece in?
shut the fuck up, Donnie
New catchphrase big league that's YUGE Donald
yep... Little Donnie is definitely outsmarted.
Any person in any govt?  Like Drumpf even has a clue about history or govts. lol
not as played as your wife #womanizer
oh shut the fuck up
i found her stance
is she reading from preprinted notes?  She keeps looking down
Congress & Senate & POTUS, again not a dictatorship, HRC isn't all powerful.
https://twitter.com/Dr_Scooter/status/766713409563832323 …
you take the bait. she hands you your ass.
Who's really being played? You're simply a puppet.
https://www.facebook.com/AFROPUNK/posts/10153948022721623 …
Idiot! @realdonaldtrump
so since she is outplaying n outsmarting you know , what does that say?
DT has been outsmarted in the campaign alone. He doesn't even think he's being played by Russia.
When are you releasing your returns? Audit excuse is a LIE. Sad!

investment - more taxes
tell Hilary to stop blaming George W. Bush.  Accept ownership of deficit
you're tweeting while debating?
#DrainTheSwamp
#CrookedHillary
#HillaryForPrison
Did you really just post your own quote?
why couldn't Mike Pence run for president. We are doomed.
You once lost a billion dollars, probably more than once. How are u smart in any thing?
.@realDonaldTrump I can already see SNL
.@realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump Can I have a $1 million loan?
Now, now you know that's a lie. #GoinDown
You go Trump. I love your ego. A true inspiration. #MAGA #debatenight
trump needs to stop his lies, he is losing votes by the minute with his nasty attitude.  Snide comments don't help him
zip it, puppet!
what debate are you watching? Hillary is kicking Trump's ass # debate

@HillaryClinton #trump plan is unrealistic

Hillary is full of it
Pre-meme'd practiced lines..lol. @realDonaldTrump
Oh Donny you're so funny;-)
Who gave your kids the password to this account?
#donnyyoureoutofyourelement
#bigleaguedouche
HA.  You wish. She's pushing you around the ring tonight.
Homegrown Demagogue
liar, liar, liar!!!
Not remotely true.
: #BigLeaguePussy

#Loser
#debate
#TeenPeeper
#TrumpTapes
#PussyGroper
#DonnySniffles
actually The Donald, she is running circle around you
