@BorisEP we can give a Nov surprise in the form of a Trump endorsement . Malcolm X started this org & said don't vote DNC.
REALLY ALICIA MACHADO?WHO TRIED TO RUN OVER A JUDGE & DOES PORN   ... please  ...
Great role model for you children that Hillary embraces huh? Along with the crazy ass concerts she went to.
you've got this sir! Never doubted it for a second, "President Trump!!" 
We need to have Mr. Trump drain that swamp. Stand with him!!!
...do you think BLACK PEOPLE will take the SHIT given from your supporters..
hey they burned down a historical black church in Greenville, MS and spray painted vote trump on the side #BuildTheChurch
You Will win President Trump Early congratulation Mr President
thank you !
Please drop out ..
The face of the earth PLEASE
Thank you
...so should I be worried about my two sons who have bright futures and our great student one on the way to college
Oh ya we are respected again with your dementia fueled tweets. Get this guy some meds.
You wear the world's worst suits. They might be Brioni but you make them look like Robert Hall.

#orangehitler
Stay on point, Donald, stay on point
He can't stay on point. His rallies are like watching a squirrel in a room full of nuts...
#Hillary2016 
#6Days
Because women's rights are human rights you vote for a thoroughly corrupt candidate?  Weird logic...
this your name in my publication? not truth? so that not answer things stupid, thanks and bye.
@brunelldonald Please retweet to everyone...spread out the word. Vote for Trump
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F%C3%BChrer …
HATERS ALL JUST LIKE TRAITOR TRUMP
#MightyMenOfHonor
wonderful ad!!
America isn't respected in the world because of people like you. You aren't doing anything ur promoting corrupt, fascistism
I would have loved to . Please get rid of Weapon lobby n Terrorism . Hit Paki's First .

I voted for @HillaryClinton
Lets hope you weren't selected.
most of the children u want to give child care to are leaving to another state. Because of the monster u are
fingers crossed for Donald hoping America makes him the next President 
We will, by electing Hillary Clinton, and condemning you back to the shadows of irrelevancy.

http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/19/us/politics/robert-mercer-donald-trump-donor.html?_r=0 …
#ScrewAllYouLittlePeople. Haha you chumps, I'm up to six bankruptcies now http://bipartisanreport.com/2016/11/03/trump-hotel-toronto-declares-bankruptcy-after-only-4-years-the-reason-is-pathetic-details/ …
Trump is up and Clinton is down! She reminds me of a creepy clown! Don't be a chump! VOTE FOR TRUMP!!!
@Deb4trump66 Please make sure you send some people to Pens & Florida for women , Latino, millennium votes
Following the election from Cape Town, South Africa. I believe mr Trump can make the USA great again. You have my vote sir!
in a few days this man will be our president!!me and my parents can trust him I have a gut feeling he will win!
But make sure we add on, title 18 U.S. Code section 793F Miss handling national security information,  there was 22 of them
I LOVE your policy proposals! Childcare, The Wall, Tax cuts, deregulation, Repeal ObamaCare. Competition works!!!
GREAT AD!!!  GO TRUMP! 
I didn't vote for him but this commercial is pretty good. Good luck Trump! Whoever wins I will support.
America is already Great.
冻蒜
@VoteTrumpPics If Obama puts a stop on the election, impeach him and lock him up. WE THE PEOPLE WILL WON't be silent.
why is Direct TV not showing Fox shows today, only the Fox Business Show. Is Obama involved?!!!!!!!
mr trump good lucky for americans voting !!!!
you can make again Americans great and great stranger affairs
may be the best ad I have ever seen for a candidate!! #trumptrain #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #trump

OUTSTANDING RALLY IN PENSACOLA, FLORIDA!!!!  GET READY FOR A BIG WIN!!!! MR. TRUMP IS A TRUE AMERICAN PATRIOT!!!
fantastic ad!!!! Run in 24-7
oh god please, somebody save this country from these tiny hands
#protectthatpussy
WHAT!!!!  do you think you are better than GOD now, after all he made the WORLD in 7 DAYS, or am I wrong BLASPHEMY
I'm with you
@LindstromLiya @NancyPelosi @SenWarren @clairecmc @judy_mylove wow-Hillary mostcorrupt,criminal dirty politician in history


Today I begin my campaign to pick up every young registered voter and take them to early Vote!
@CNN @NeverTrump
Prayers & best of luck Donald Trump. Do the right thing and win.
you know youve be saying MAGA for a while now... WHEN exactly do you mean bc not long ago we had legalized sexism & racism?
What you have done is so fucking evil, words can't describe it in a single tweet. #JudgementDay
You're running excellent campaign. My 2 cents, is that Pelosi, on 'Meet the Press' last month, said, 'locker room talk'.
Remember where you heard it first.DJT in a LAND SLIDE
If a person is judged by company they keep then I could never vote for HC. It's all deny and blame and malign opposition!
make America wear diapers again #diaperdon
@deplorablelori I  the positive message. Can't wait to vote Trump on Tuesday.
You definately won't make America great again.... but there is a chance you'll cause an economic depression................
@PP15146407 I’m with you all the way, @RealDonaldTrump!
UNITED WE STAND...DIVIDED THEY FALL!!!
what a great ad!
Assure the coal miners that you will keep their jobs that Hillary wants to close down! Tell all the coal mining states!

vote Trump!
we donated for the first time ever. Now it's time to clean house! #maga #TrumpPence16
The question is asked, why do supporters of TRUMP give him so many passes with the lies? The answer is that they are STUPID

A chance for a a dream again.
@VoteTrumpPics LOVE THE PICTURES/PROMOTING THE PRESIDENT WE NEED
What he REALLY means is "Make America WHITE Again"..raised by a racist & still a racist after all these years!! Sad!!
@DonaldJTrumpJr DJT is making America HATE and is SCARING children .STOP
Great time with you in Selma NC.thank you for coming to the country side of my town.. we know you are an amazing man love U
6 more days til we do not need to hear about you after you lose. That will MAGA.
if they are gonna indite her she should resign
please listen to Megan Mccaine today. She had some guy on and so much garble fabrication about you. It is pathetic
These conspiracy driven nut bars need serious mental help. #LockThemUp #LockThemUp #LockThemUp #LockThemUp #LockThemUp
drain the swamp ????
Let's make American great again Vote Trump for President Hillary Clinton is a Disgrace to our country prison for Hillary
We love our Trump in Nebraska Trump for President
You need to understand if you elect Trump, is certainly will not make the world respect America again.
LIE'S LIE'S LIE'S THAT'S ALL YOU DO IS LIE AND THESE POORLY EDUCATED PEOPLE BELIEVE YOU, I HAVE FAITH IN SMART AMERICA.
how can I share this to Facebook??
Why are your ads so much more beautiful than Hillary's, they're so cinematic.

let's goooooo #MAGA
why are you going to jail? You are a sexual predictor
slimy 6 more days...
Coming Soon....The Deplorables Band. Go Trump 2016 click for the original Donald Trump Blues https://youtu.be/MRyK1q0meMU 
go trump
When exactly was America "great?"
shouldn't the hashtag of said #26days?
*POLL*  Should Hillary Clinton Be Arrested Even If It  Causes Massive Riots? #Trump http://overpassesforamerica.com/?p=38537 
@jeffld 
malania's speech today in PA.  luved it, and how much emphasis you both have on getting families together again
keep up the great work.  you have obama ready to pull out what little hair he has left.  he's sweatin'!!!!!!
malania=elequence.  hilary and michele= 2 nasty women both lying on stage to the american people.
6 days until the #apocalypse
Donald, can you ask Obama if he is getting paid by tax payers to campaign for Hillary?
mr Donald Trump you must win
I can wait until Tuesday to vote trump.  So proud!
where is the justice for all the sexual assaults charged against you ? Or all the unpaid taxes ?

NBC CORRECTS TRUMP—NO FBI investigation of #ClintonFoundation. NO indictments coming. NO proof of "any successful hacks"—@PeteWilliamsNBC 
:)  :)  :)  :)  :)  :)  :)
And Americans APPROVE of UR message!U've single handedly changed the course of history4the better!Can't wait till UR POTUS!
@impatriot59 Trump Président !


interesting how many people are on here against you but Hillary's rallies are almost empty.
who is funding the Obamas to campaign for Hillary? The tax payers $? Is her camp paying for Airforce One to fly around??
Appears so,
@Trump_World magnificent if I wasn't working I would come and see you in Hershey Pa A lot of Trump signs in Etown& Hbg Pa
just look at that sea of white faces with an occasional token non-white
Hillary was pumping out negative ads in Southern California during the World Series. Independents like me aren't biting!
hey, have any of you ever read this? I'm from Argentina and we know about the Iran deal that Hillary covered up.
America is great already. Tax fraud, phony business and crime against women is what we don't want in WH.
Only Trump can bring US out of the state of slow decline for the restoration of her former position of world  leader.
#DONALD TRUMP MAKING AMERICA HATE AGAIN
whistle whistle we aren't dogs and we know you want all of us who aren't pure white gone. I am Native American you go!
vote Trump you have nothing to lose everything to gain let's sweep America and turn it all RED. m.s.
make America great again we're counting on you here in Michigan
looks like the American I love.
how much did y'all pay the 1 black guy in the entire crowd to be in that ad?
that's a hell of a lot of stupid in one room.
What happens when one of your little lemmings physically harms Katy Tur? The hate you're normalizing is dangerous!
long live emperor , what an abomination

This makes Trump seem quite presentable
Famous Rapper Says BLM Supporters Are "Crazy As S***" http://dennismichaellynch.com/famous-rapper-says-blm-supporters-crazy-s/ … via @realDennisLynch
I feel a movement building too ugh got to go to the bathroom
great get more women to publicly support our movement
the crowds say a lot about the Trump movement
