#https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfGeXth-Do4
This is seriously irrational thinking, @realDonaldTrump. Smashing computers with hammers is laughable
The best part about you Donald.. is that you say whats on your mind.. you're not a talking head for the establishment cabal.. People are so butt hurt that you would speak your mind and be honest instead of pacifying the babies out there.
health insurance city of Chicago employees $196 month Family plan in 2010
Retiree in 2016 & spouse $1800 a month Go Trump
@CodeBlueNTexas   Rumor has it she's gonna do not shake your hand I wouldn't want to touch it anyway
https://twitter.com/tedlieu/status/939129798793793536 …
https://twitter.com/sarahkendzior/status/939136183971602433 …
i am hoping to see a debate on issues only leave bill out of it stop taking bait stay calm and on topic u will beat her
@FLOTUS #BeBest
I can’t understand how anyone can believe this idiot
and the rape of a thirteen year old.
Mueller is coming...
On the day you tweeted this
timestamped before this tweet
both you & @DonaldJTrumpJr
were emailed the @wikileaks
encryption key by @JulianAssange
enabling you to view
@HillaryClinton & @TheDemocrats hacked emails, obtained via
@KremlinRussia @PutinRF,

@potus @realdonaldtrump.
CHANTING = BRAINWASHING   pitter-patter
Yeah, that is still pretty funny...
offer $1,000,000 each associate/staff of   Hillary/Bill that rolls them, provide info that leads to one or both conviction
offer $1,000,000 each to Hillary associates/staff that rolls over to provide info that will convict her & or Bill
Because she's protected by career politicians and big monopoly corporations?? Just a guess...
Well, so far, she hasn't been arrested.
@Bavilabo
Yet pay and play dishonest Trump is still pandering. How's that modeling agency slave shop coming along
Because she's #CrookedHillary!! #HammerTime
Crooked Donnie stole from own charity.. How do you have nerve to call hillary crooked you lyn pedophile
when will you speak just a single truth?
because she lyin and crooked Hillary. N
Why did u and your agents squeeze every nickle from Trump U students without delivering?
you are deluded Mr Trump!!
your crooked as they come
Why did you hammer your hair on and acid wash your skin? That orange tone really isn't worth it
I find it very disturbing that you are running for President yet can't control what comes out of your mouth.  Grow up!!
how confident are you about leading a country? It's completely different than a free country of THE WORLD. Prove to me!
why did you buy a six foot picture of YOURSELF with your foundations money?????
I know u say a lot of bad stuff about Hillary but you showed respect in wishing her well soon. Thank you - Presidential!
#TweetyBird EVERYONE IS LAUGHING AT YOU. And Les Deplorables.
O #TweetyBird, those returns are going to show up any day now. EVERYONE will laugh at you. They already are. Everyone.
#TweetyBird your tax returns reveal the truth.  you think you can hide. They're going to be hacked then EVERYONE will know
Why did you spend $20K of someone else's money on a portrait of yourself. You're deplorable

u want to win then talk with respect to all..dont call names..u will be like the dems if you do...especially during debates
remember dont talk about anyones health...humans fall ill..so dont touch on that topic...
Vietnam draft dodger trump used foundation dollars to bribe Florida AG
what about health insurance premium hikes that are strangling the middle class?
the American Dream still possible for the hardworking, not working in vane
pleased with the campaignturnaroundAmerica needs to hear hope for the average person
Hillary find a way to get out of The first debate
why can't you find something else to talk about like what you could do for me
you are the most evil, corrupt, cheating, defrauding, creep ..you hae no business rven running for prez
i have disliked many, but i have never HATED anyone in my life...but i HATE YOU and I HATE the idea of you being our prez
she will hammer you on 8 November when you will be acid washed.
-your rhetoric is dull and boring. Change tactic! I yawn when I read "crooked Hilary", we're all deaf to it #trumpisachump
Trump is like a mushroom former keeps you in the dark and feed you a bunch of bullshit
Why want you release your taxes?
Donald grasping! Let's talk about your pay to play and paying the Florida attorney general to not charge you with fraud!
@Angelmdunn1961 eat cyanide
And why did you brag, just hours after the towers fell in 2001, that your building is now the tallest?  You are not human.
and why 15 years later we are still calling it Terror attacks when two planes perfectly imploded three buildings?
all that matters Mr. Trump, is that your Our next President! Can't wait !
It's called obstruction of justice. For some reason she is above the law. Clinton Foundation should be under investigation.
because that is how you destroy gov comm devices.  Anyone ever in the business knows that
Hmmmm..... because the warranty expired?
Samsung invented the exploding phones for Hillary-no hammers required!
She destroyed evidence of the Clinton Foundation, no doubt.
Mapindu ya siasa nduniani
Why are you Hiding your Tax Returns Lying About Your involvement Overseas What are you Hiding Trump
Same reasons that you don't want to show your taxes Mr. 1% you hiding something and that's making you look like a crook!!!
HRC would give mil aid and equipment to countries to fight ISIS while our mil continues to strip spare parts from relics
come up with something new emails are old news do you have something new? Low Rating Trump.
So much you can get HRC on, please keep cool and expose her fraud she is. So scared if she wins. God be with you;heart good
Come on, Donald, you love Hillary, too!!!
what about crooked Donald that admitted buying politicians in your primary debates.  You are worse than crooked you=evil 
might be time to back off Putin as someone good with his record of killing hundreds of rivals!
She couldn't have hammered it herself, she's too ill!
why won't you release your taxes you know the audit means nothing that's just an excuse!!
Because he knows that will be his demise.
MSMBC is really hammering you ... this hack Larence O'Donnell must love Hillary. More bad news about Hillary is coming .
Also praising Putin who is a dictator and a communist in Russia and comparing him to Obama is just not American. Deport you
#donnythedictator Donny the Dictator loves Russia & their Dictator Putin.
Donald the only ones trying to get in the White House that are crooked like a snake. Pay your Dam Taxes. Now
'Crooked'
Neurological condition? Narcolepsy? Where are your medical records?

dump trump you not fooling anybody, stop begging for Latino and black votes!
to continue her crooked pattern of deceit!!
You're putting the heat on & she's getting worried. Keep it up. Make her squirm.
DESTROYING GOV PROPERTY IS A CRIME SHE HAD TO GIVE IT GUY INSTRUCTIONS TO DELETE ALL FILES 4 GOOD AFTER COURT REQUESTED
So now what  is the non plan you only know and the Generals might know when you need them to know when you know CRAZY
polls lie..if the election were today..you would lose by almost double..Google the electoral map..you are welcome
your going to get sucked into a world war if your president . Simply because your uneducated and a bully.
Why is it that the people who are complaining about the players not standing wear hats that say "America isn't great?"
the same rigged polls(when you are losing?) you yap about? They can't be right..
tell everyone what you will do to get us jobs and make lives better they are desperate to know!!!!
fair question. Why do u lie and get away with it every time?
don't talk polls..stay on the Target !!
#It's called "panic attack!" HRCwas caught red handed.When scared, delete everything and RUN for office!
liar

-They ought to throw the book at Hillary!
old news like your hair
The public KNOWS now-so time for you to quit hammering her and focus on your OWN plans. Get out of the mud now. It's time!

because Hillary is as dumb as bamboo stick
what about the battle ground states.  Today you loose big.
Mr Trump I have never voted in my life but this year I am. Bless youMr Trump. I would love to of had dinner but I'm poor
did you not remember things too when they asked you questions in court/ lawsuits?
you crooked charged with Trump U RACKETEERING & FRAUD. Hillary is not charge with any criminal wrongdoing. Twisted traitor!
and lost a lap top in the mail please even she can come up with a better lie she's slipping lol lol
why did you steal money from people who believed they would get an education and be like u. No morals or scruples.
stay on message. Jobs, security, supreme Court and education and immigration.
So you're serious?
Why did you lie and say that you did not support the Iraq War? Liar, liar, liar. A really great, ignorant liar. 
Believe me
@Daniel01Oosthu1 Please talk about the econmy soon.Loved your talk on school vouchers and charter schools.Common Core fail!
Hillary attempt to hide illegal activities. Covering her tracks of crime. If POTUS, the lying and crime will continue.
how often do you and Ivanka fuck? 
http://winningdemocrats.com/that-time-ivanka-was-caught-grinding-on-her-dads-lap-will-make-you-vomit-disturbing-image/ …
So the polls are crooked when she's ahead, but spot on when you're up?  Hilarious.
if GOP can't take votes on important legislation in congress then they don't deserve the White House
why won't the Republican Party take a vote on raising wages or fixing infrastructure they run both houses of congress!
at the moment GOP busy trying to stop payments to Iran which belongs to Iran in first place
which proves gop could care less about American workers or middle class
ABSOLUTELY
trump Hillary just said she wants to get back to bipartisanship. How could she she said Republicans  are her enemies.
show your tax returns
Crooked Donald Trump makes belief
@cindy2287 you live in a glass house so put your stones down and address real issues
Y screw people out of thousands of $'s w/a scam univ. w/plagiarized material? Y steal taxpayers $$ filing bankruptcy 6x?
@loganSharris and then complain about Wiki leaks, she turn them over or they turn them over.
@jangd56
Donald pays off texas gov to drop university probe that's plus tax scam is the reason he should loose big time
did everyone miss it?  What other system did she use for classified stuff?
standing rock please speak to it
u shd go defend ur university and show ur tax return and then come talk to us
#stop fooling urself
did you steal anyones life savings today or have a chat with Putin?
produce your tax returns!!You are hiding something! Come on-what have you got to lose-the Presidency!

Really? This from the America's greatest CON. @HillaryClinton
Get on with real issues show some respect for people.UR sick and need help.
remember when Nixon deleted just 30 seconds of tap. I bet if Hillary was a republican she'd be in prison.
what is the #separate system that HC referenced. You have to challenge her on that
because she is a pathetic loser and habitual liar God help our country
she hammers in the morning, all over her phones
because she's crooked lying Hillary

Nuclear Codes? 
"I don´t recall"
Soon available on Ebay
Send check to @ClintonFdn  
…
@EricTrump - PLEASE no bad tweets and please don't mess up and don't let us down!!! America needs you!
@wendyvoss - Hillary looked very tense & irritable while you looked professional &very laid-back!Keep it up & you will win!
@wendyvoss - @HillaryClinton has her peons destroy computers, tablets, cell phones, lies to congress, & wants to be potus?
Valdimir and Donnie sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G. First comes love, then comes Donnie taking it up the ass, K-I-S-S-I-N
the hill has eyes/woken.  She's never going to occupy my house! The Lincoln b room not 4 sale!
release your tax returns. Stop disgracing America. Isn't there a project you can do, like Trump Cola? It'd fail, but still.
Orange Glow Stick Sub-human horror show.
#showusyourtaxes
.  You will never be President.
darn good ? Lives up to her name Crooked Hilary  stick with message AllLives Matter, transparency , support good luc
BECAUSE KILLARY IS A HISTORICALLY LYING CHEATING CORRUPT FOOL.
you are a lying crooked orange muppet
What is your fantasy about Clinton in bed? That's strange! It's midnight, I bet she's in bed! I wonder what she's wearing?
you love Putins

show me your tax return
HILLARY WILL LANDSLIDE NOV 8th. Hillary POTUS ALL THE WAY!
Donald why can't you stop saying u know more than the generals. I want you to win. But your beating yourself
as for Howard Stern you were a civilian who wasn't privy to all the facts. Clinton was and chose to invade Iraq!
WHY ARE YOU HIDING YOUR TAXES?????
good job tonight Mr. Trump.
-- at least Hillary has much more experience on foreign policy. You're a joke.
puko, how old are you??
@john_tillett
give it up and go back to queens. Take your irritating spoiled children with you. No good man.
you didn't answer a single question. I watched. You didn't. Lie your way out of that
just one Donnie just answer one question. Just one without mentioning this administration. Rules were no slamming the other
