Your Foundation made illegal political donations & you won't release tax returns. Who owns you?
Liar. The C foundation operates with complete transparency. Proof it or shut up.
Who gloats about 9/11 for political point scoring? Who gave zero donations to 9/11 survivors? Trump
What a bunch of suckers....
Zero respect. Zero empathy. Zero donations to 9/11 survivors.
no
no you're just an incompetent virgin that denies simple facts. Stop getting hostile
The Clinton Foundation has an "A" from Charity Watch. The Trump Foundation has a civil penalty from the IRS for illegality
@gabenascar @realDonaldTrump 
And NY shut them down for operating illegally.
Hire Romney and the book will be meaningless. Just sayin'
I didn't think you knew how to use twitter #stupidlawyer #soproud
love u
Donald, what will the wall be like?
he is just put ins bitch!
Deflect away instructor in chief
hello friend much greetings and thanks for all sir
Fellow #Birther Phyllis Schlafly: “We Need to Have Someone Look at this Birth Certificate…   https://shar.es/1wEYdC 
He had one posted, then admitted it was fake, then another, it was proved fake also. So, where was he born?
Just like Trump. Assertions w/o evidence. Conspiracy Theory Nation.
my tribute to Phyllis is to not spit on her Alabama grave.
great job Donald
The Internet certainly picked your character years ago Mr. Trump. Thin-skinned.
@JARosenberg12 @realDonaldTrump I'm not sure that originality was the point, there, Donald.
The Clinton Foundation saved lives. The Trump Foundation payoff saved you from fraud prosecution.
delete your Twitter account.
hi
She was a bigoted, bitter old woman that was beyond miserable. Even *she* is glad she's dead.
Trump gets a 33% commission on each book purchased.

Shameless!  Everything should not be about you!!!!
RIP
Found a copy at a garage sale. Makes a great door stop

You can't resist capitalizing on anyone's pain, can you? You're...wait for it...deplorable!
You are horrible at writing tweets. #NeverTrump #ClownTrain #DumpTrump
LOL are you botting retweets/likes?
why so many eggs liking then?
@GodlessNZ  In honor of her death, people should be on the right of history and dismember your hate crusade #Anonymous
Your comment is so idiotic imma let my followers have at it. @realDonaldTrump
you are quite misguided if you think my comments imply I am pro-Hillary.  

#Anonymous #OpTrump
I don't care, ur lying about Trump, he doesn't hate people, he loves #AmericaFirst & only he can stop HRC
the people are America. America itself is arbitrary. Resonating w/the underbelly of our society is not love 4 ne thing
Every country is entitled to a secure border and vetting immigration applicants on merit. Do you agree with the rule of law?
if uthink a border is the issue, u clearly arent paying attention, citizen. Nobody can change those who r intent on being blind
will you be signing copies on her casket at the funeral too?  Cause doing it at the funeral would be a little unclassy...
It's HER book not HIS.
many people write stuff for him all the time he claims as his own. + its his face on the cover. #nobadpress
and Phyllis Schlafly are at the heart of the religious right's crackup, as @maddow explains: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNXRr0572ik …
Your love fest with DJT is working. He is leading in the polls now. Thanks for your support
Don't believe every "poll" that Trump tweets.
CNN is the one who aired it.. You follow them don't ya. Tell then their poll is wrong.
No. The Trump campaign tweeted this nonsense itself. Can't you read?
I was referring to the CNN poll. I was simply thanking you for your continued support, it's working.
Sure, it's working great. That's why they need to make up poll numbers and tweet them out:
Nothing says "good President" like being endorsed by a crotchety racist who tried to set back women's rights.
AGAIN,. All about you!
I guess she died from shear stupidity if she was old and for you.
No.I have better things to do with my money. Like donate to Hillary's campaign. #WhatHeMeantByThatWas #CNN #imwithhillary
yes we all know you love a good political blow job.
I make it a point not to read trashy books.
Only if I run out of toilet paper.
Ding-dong!
This is an excellent book. Should be required reading for Ryan, Kasich, Bushes - every #nevertrump SOB.
Oh hell no!
Got my copy today. She will be missed dearly. Let's win for Phyllis.
Russian Conservative Trump
I only wish she could have lived to see you sworn in. Finally, a president will take the Oath of Office and MEAN IT! #MAGA
bullshit
Looks like the book worked on Mark Levin; one of the MOST knowledgeable, principled, Patriotic. Constitutional Conservative
no way!
l need a copy. How do I get one?
What an honor to have her last thoughts in a book about you.
@nickerbacher
This is just as outrageous as any of the vile statements that come out of your candy corn mouth.
vile

This woman killed ERA...Not buying the BS that you give a shit about women.
"Late and great"....you're NOT distancing yourself from this bigot and racist?
How surprising.
*sarcasm*
She was a horrible hateful monster, and you are worse.  I hope you can end up in a heavenly make-out session real soon.
shut up!
Was "Shameless Advertising 101" offered at Trump University?
Yeah, right next to the class  Prevaricating 101.
bring out the Phyllis shiafly clones.
why so we can all -EVERYBODY IN USA- have one helluva bonfire. with marshmallowd and eberything?? im in
Are you also against the Equal Rights Amendment and making sure women do not get equal treatment?
I'm gonna have to say.......nope
Hope she does for you what she did for Goldwater in 1964.@realdonaldtrump
show me your tax return
Shoukd have been entitled the Conservative Homophobe Anti-Feminist Case for trump.#NBCNewsForum #trumppayforplay #connman
Everything is about self promotion to you, isn't it, you human Circus Peanut?
For toilet paper?
#fail tonight in #CommanderInChiefForum
Trump has a fantastic plan, fabulous, best ever !!!    The plan is to have a plan. Mums the word. Top Secret.
yay! Secret plan! I love when that happens!
Yeah, she was a real sweetheart. Good riddance to one of the biggest twats on the planet.
She thinks anybody wants to read a book written by a WOMAN? Is it about being barefoot and pregnant in her kitchen?
may she rest in hell
No thanks. I have enough toilet paper already. Instead as tribute sitting in my living room braless
She is dead, the book is dead and so is your campaign. You should join the trend.
Narcissist
today would be a good day to release your tax returns
condolences to her family as far as anything that has to do with you i dont think so . Heard it was boring
no chance--she was as horrible as you are
ordered it the day it came out..amazing lady!! Such a loss but a very significant life force!
It's funny how you can take someone's death and still make it about you.
I would love to buy a case for Trump, one from which the odious crapbasket cannot escape.
Too bad she did not live long enough to witness a 1st woman president. It would have been a killer for her
HA! As if you did not have enough problems winning women voters??? What a moron...lol
Cool
.
About out of TP
So you're really just completely ignoring the fact that you once told LGBT Americans you supported us, huh?
she was anti woman like you
Users who purchased this, also bought "The White Supremacists' Case For Trump".
The CONSERVATIVE, case is rooted in nationalism and protect ism IT's not rooted in reaching out to other countries..
wishing you the best from one Latino that's for Trump 2016.GO TRUMP.
really Trump? We want to know about you. We know enough already
So nice how you turn someone's death into a way for you to promote a book about yourself. @EliBraden @BazarComedy
@Reuters @AP
An honest man who is open to new ideas is much more valuable than someone who only acts on wishes of "donors"
As a tribute to her?  Why do you keep using a tragedy to promote yourself?
Oxymoron title the entire concept lie you are not a conservative Conservatism died Coulter Hannity O'Reilly pallbearers SAD
probably make the pall bearers wear crappy red Trump hats
I wouldn't be surprised if he showed up at her funeral and slapped a Trump bumper sticker on her coffin.
taxes return please
You miss NO opportunity to stroke your own ego, using a woman's death to promote yourself. So disgusting ewwww
Likely does not = registered. #factsmatter
Glad you managed to make correction on her name after using her death as a ploy.
Great job exploiting someone's death for your own benefit Mr Clownstick! #WellPlayed
Always had better uses for my money that Schlafly books or anything by Trump.
Donald Donald I bet you never read Phyllis Schafley in your life?
@cnn ur desparate to capitalize on someone death to get votes typical washington insider
"in tribute to PS"?!? You have no shame. It's all about Trump and nothing else. If book was about puppies u wouldn't care.
And use crayons to colour in the pictures
Did you read it? BTW, what are the last 5 books YOU'VE read?
I fought & other veterans to keep what we have. Stubborn ignorant Americans will cause us to LOSE IT ALL! She is WARNING US
All the ignorant people who comment regarding Phyllis Schlafly should educate themselves. She was a freedom fighter!
I hope it does for you what her Goldwater book did for him! He got wiped out in the election.
ding dong the witch is dead.
You are a selfish man. Everything starts and ends with you. Biggest reason I am #NeverTrump. Learn to live for others.
Says Trump who can't ready
Oh jeez now Trump can be chief woman hater of America.
please!!! That lady was a whacko who was against women's rights. No wonder you liked her. Show us your tax returns.
Screw that blaspheming old theocratic catcher's mitt. Screw your fans for believing that you care about her. And screw you.
Also Is It Okay For Your Daughter To Have A Man with a lot of melanin
If You Want To Be President Amend the constitution and reform the judicial Branch
Using a dead person to pimpm yourself, again.
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
get this book, great read
will be voting for you hope we win
.@realDonaldTrump yeah i completely forgot she sold out like half her professed religious values for your white supremacism
since you won't release your tax returns you must be hiding something...
#Trumpsaloser
.@realDonaldTrump she opposed equal rights for women and gay marriage and you're endorsing her book endorsing you.
#MakeAmerica1950Again ?
only you can make her passing all about you-are scum!!
piggy is this what we want for president?
right look??
Swimming in Lake Me again, are you?
over her dead body.
@hobnob99 hahaaaa "Hey the old bitch is dead but don't let that stop you from buying a book about me, an incredible book"..
She might still be alive if she'd only bought his book
hahaa that's right.. Trump knows all, Trump heals..
they'll come to his spa and bathe in Trump Springs..
@yourdailysense Incredible. Once again exploiting someone's death to promote himself
LAST book, Donald. LAST.

You can put titles like so: 'The Art of the Con', YOU DON'T HAVE TO SCREAM! SEE HOW ANNOYING THIS IS? THIS IS YOU! Sad.
I know I trust the opinions of a woman who thought feminism was bad. Stop trying to make others' death a promo for you!
.@realDonaldTrump So Glad 2 See You Changed Tweet & Spelled Her Name Correctly. Running 4 Prez & Can't Spell. Sad.
Hope her estate earns a fortune off the book, Gov't will steal a lot of it!
you're the ultimate Capitalist, God I love that about you, none of the Marxist Socialist Progressive crap!
you both suck!
The late Mrs Schlafly was a lot of things but "great" isn't one of them.  Like you, she was rotten & devoted to intolerance
Then once everyone has bought the book, you'll buy the publishing rights and keep all the $ for yourself. Screw off...
It's too bad she died before she could watch you lose.
I will never forget dining with her and speaking on the same stage as her - truly an honor!

@BarbaraDeStasio Don't be angry, and don't be a smartass, just prove this people wrong. Do a good job
@BarbaraDeStasio all of those bitching about his spelling he's real He's not bought by the fed govt. That's why we like him

@gnoh_sandra Phyllis spirit is with you
PUKE
look like an orange baboon and act like one too.
Lie, cheat, steal, be immoral, be a bigot, defraud investors and creditors,  Conservative @realDonaldTrump  fantasy land.
And once again Trump encounters death, and his first reaction is "How can Trump benefit from this?  It all about Donald!"
And may you fall in your lies.
that old hag was a witch!! 
#nevertrump #crookeddonald
The woman died. Go and buy her book about Trump. Another classy eulogy. Trumpsters, look at what kind of man you endorse.
eres puto
just like you to advise people to buy a book written by the daughter of Satan herself!

we all remember how you hold no respect for #veterans. Your own words:
didn't she also endorse Barry Goldwater? How'd that work out? Sad!
fuck that. Btw, can I borrow a few bucks? I'll pay you back when you win the presidency
You're as bad as she. You both are evil.
How come you sue over books you never read?

