The idiots who follow u & trp actually believe ur ignorance, lies & con.
By Trump denying Climate Change against NASA's Data which leads worsening storms that kill.  How is he/you not a terrorist?
hi stupid!!!
Kellyanne you only wish u could be like Hillary Clinton.  Takes liars to know em
kellyanne you described yourself, not Secretary Clinton.
is this an ad lib? Can we write your name in instead? Fits pretty well.
If the POTUS denies Climate Change proven by NASA data and Exec order continuity of NASA, but denying leads to destruction how not terrorism
You go girl!!!!!!
hi stupid
purge this government fast
Remember whn u hawked @IvankaTrump failing Line online. Bt @realDonaldTrump wats2blame Arnold4 aFailed shw.
get back to creating some fake polls
or fake EMAILS  :)
Oh noo!!! Thanks for the heads up.  She makes me want to vomit.
yes how awful. Sad but the Clinton's think they are above the law
@allabouttrump @HillaryClinton  nope fact checkers have proved that Trump lied 13 times. Clinton 3. Maths=Trump 4 x more ?
Maybe not all but you certainly are stupid
Does your mommy know your on twitter?
"Woefully untruthful", ha, ha, ha, best Trump description ever.  Good job Kellyanne.
I really think u do a great job kellyanne, just thought u should hear that from us out here.
Do you still feel good about your work?
Do you listen to Donny’s responses? You think they are truthful?? He lies every time he opens his mouth...which is often! Shameful president
On Oct 9, 2016, Inventor of #AlternateFacts sez #Hillary is "woefully untruthful."Shud ask #Trump 2 send extra $1M 2 Houston just 4 practice
I want to say a big thank you to Mrs.  Conway for standing up for Mr. Trump and for doing this job.  God bless you and your family
I don't get how an ADMITTED SEX OFFENDER can become PRESIDENT and not have to REGISTER FOR LIFE!?
Tjis from the official Whitehouse skank! Home of alternative facts....
Like your "alternative facts"? Lol
aren't you talking about Trump Dump? At least hillary can give a speech.
Kelly Ann, we love you!!!! Great job on the campaign and haggling the gutless coward liars in the mainstream media
so sad, Kellyanne, after this debacle, you'll be unhireable (as you should be). Enjoy ur last 4 weeks.
and you defend rapists and bigots Kellyanne. Is he threatening you or have you lost your soul?
oh my can you prove those accusations???? You really must be carful with your words.
who's the liar now #BowlingGreen #AlterativeFacts. @HillaryClinton has mor truth in her little finger than you can muster.
alternative facts Kellyanne!
in hindsight kellyann you callin Hillary a liar seems so so ridiculous
that's like calling the sheep black liar #fakemasacar #alternativefacts
,Trust no one from Clinton or Obama's groups,Kelly Anne,!!!
Dont ever preach to me about girls and daughters. U r an example of everything not to do. LIE,alternative truths. LIER whore
UMMMM and Donald trump never lies???
just replace hillarys name with yours
yeah, she totally needs to report on the #BowlingGreenMasacre .  Never forget!
Trump's Official LIAR. Heck of a title U hold. Queen of BS. Teaching UR children to LIE. Heck of a parent. No ethics/morals
hey Kellyanne.... Talk about untruths going on.  You guys are laughing stocks!!
watch what you say it come back to bite you
You're so hateful and such a witch hunter.
We Love you Kellyanne.
The Dems never give up! Cancerous!


Kelly hang tough Kelly McRainey
your great hang in there
My prayers go out to Bowling Green Survivors.
This, coming from the queen of "alt facts". You are LAUGHABLE.
please read.
woefully untruthful is @KellyannePolls
You mean like the terrorist attack at Bowling Green, Kentucky?
I love the way to take down the press! You are the best! Edna Schaaf. ednaschaaf@gmail.com
that is all she knows how to do Kellyanne.
you should know alt truth.  Those who point fingers Ms. Kellyanne...have three pointing back at themselves.
What a sad, little troll you were. Ooops, are.
very simple to respond -------Lock her up! :-)
great job
Kellyanne keep up your great work I think your great you sure can get under the skin of those libs I think its great
CA USA love Trump
Trump is loved CA
Kelly you go girl. Get Hitlery!
Trump turned you into his puppet . You the new White House Monica ? You make the news fake . You were a decent lady before .
it's not 'untruthful', it's 'alternative facts' lol
And I  still am still with her. She looks better than you. You look like a prune in the face.
anymore question about why she should be kept busy with various investigations from the state department to her foundation
hm, looking back I'd say she was just using alt-facts :-(
Please wake up
still can't believe you used "pedantic," "technocratic," and "woefully" in a tweet to your troll followers
and those are the weakest insults. Get on the #trumptrain of insults, woulda? Sad! Apologize! Disgraceful
#NOTMYPRESIDENT #NOTMYVICEPRESIDENT
Oh I see. Your use of big words makes little trumpies too confused to research the actual truth. #Impeach
. You need to look up those definitions!
you are one of the least liked people in the US after the Dumpster
you wouldn't know the truth if it bit you.
what a relief compared to Trump's third grade level of writing!
wow, you should talk! Nothing that comes out of your mouth even resembles the truth. Just wow, how sad you are.
Describing your lying self!
kissass
those parentheses are completely unnecessary
download twtr to be instantly connected to politics. Cngrts on the election-genius and keep kicking *ss during interviews
#sextape released in 5 days.Are you ready Kelly Sweet pea? #GoldenShower 
#Anonymous #TrumpSexTape Kellyanne, have you encrypted your drive?
FASCIST BIGOT HATER donnyJOKEtrump SOLD OUT AMERICA2PUTIN. TRUMPISHITLERREINCARNATE END SAME WAY WARCRIMINAL
ZOMBIE STEPFORD WIFE
Stop KAC!! Looks who calling the kettle black!
SL,UT
You, ma'am,  are a hater of the American people.  Russia committed an act of war helping your CHUMP steal GE
Kellyanne, you are using big words that @realDonaldTrump won't understand.  Simplify.
@HillaryClintonISALIAR #ToP_Secret

you wouldn't know smart if it hit you in the face. #ImStillWithHer
God bless you Kelly Ann Conway stay strong I am praying for you
I think we need drug testing for Hillary, I think she is on crack !
for a police officers daughter. Can we help?
the truth is not in her.

Lock her Up!
She should have seen the horrific State that our beautiful country was in.  No one to blame but herself.
b 4warned, I will drill for direct answers for my questions... wanna play with an amateur?
do you ever tell the truth? can you prove WOEFULLY untruthful responses, and compare them to what frump said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=411cTWwxFu8 …
kellyanne brain is melted she has to go to Siberia put your head under Siberia ice freeze ur brain #Clueless


Kellyanne - learn definitions. 
Pedantic?  (so... Hillary too precise & technical for Trump?)

Nasty woman
maybe you should dye your hair a different color. That may help your intelligence... just a thought.

whenever Hillary tells the truth, she has a sudden collapse.
I used to think you were a level headed republican... now I just think you are vile... and evil.
is the money that good??? Did you magically erase facts in your mind by saying the money is good? Our environment, future
how do sleep at night? How do you kiss your children knowing you have helped this man to power?
I what happened with your statement on CNN about Trump's success was in the backs of people?
u should keep quiet and stop defending a treasoner
kellyanne I know u dont even believe ur own bullshit. Its all over ur face ur doing a job for $, not w/heart
Most people if they are honest know that everything abouther is a lie.They just don't want toacknowledge it. Lies blindseyes


tricks
what gopd is she............
hilafy is anotherone
you are one to talk about untruthful. You and your man-child lie all the time.
bunk
havaryu
when is president elect Trump going to put stop to pipeline in ND or is his corporation seeing dollar  $$$$ signs?
you're a typical HOA B....
Lincoln Financial in Philadelphia planning to outsource jobs to India over next few months.  Call them out!
Why does your mouth flow on and on?  When people ask you a questionthey forget what they asked.
in other words smarter than him!
You are a Blessed woman, you do #Fantastic speaking! Thank you 

NOBODY NORMAL LIKES YOU!! WHEN WE SEE YOU ON TV WE GET SICK!!!!

such a sycophants are you
ka-you are the greatest!!thanks for all ur http://work.love  to see u on tv.ur a genius! Keep going!
love you
Only the truly foolish and ignorant bought into the #motherliar and all she spewed out. MAGA !!!
great
uh.... fact check? KA Barbie.

