Just got my new"Affordable Care Act"Obamacare rates the day after debate INCREASE 57% THIS IS RACKETEERING I have NO CHOICE.@realDonaldTrump
@lovusa4 @realDonaldTrump I got the @Humana they are pulling out of Ga
ACA was suppose to be GONE 2014 We gave House&Senate POWER2STOP ACA THEY FUNDED IT @realDonaldTrump <He will STOP ACA @Human
Your father 1927, picked up by FBI at KKK rally. Wearing Klan clothes
only in HELL
I’d rather watch paint dry on walls!!!!
Happy to see you post these so I know where to AVOID your communist

YOU SHOULD BE TARRED AND FEATHERED, TRUMP!!
RT
EGO STROKE PARTIES
Nope. Gotta get a haircut, #TrumpTheRump. Besides, there's college football 2 watch.#MuchMoreMeaningful #Debates2016
Love you DJT!!
I thought you were coming 2 Tampa Saturday. I wanted my son to see you. You have been his idol since he was 10.
u must b tired, outside of Pence & Ivanka, u can't get 1 GOP to campaign for u. That says a lot, poor thing. Where is 11/9?
LYING TRUMP
Obama Trusts Hillary
@FBI "NO Classified Emails"
40 Yrs Public Service
10X @GOP =0 
@realDonaldTrump
wish you could stop in Tennessee
http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=44304 …

hang there
by also working loopholes
Mr Trump how are u going to help the disabled ?

AND REGENCY IN VA BEACH! #Trump2016 #BikersForTrump #MAGA #NRA
showing Huge support in Toledo, Oh!  This flag is HUGE!
why don't u stop the rallies and learn how our nation really works? It's not a corporation it's a democracy
get out
Sir, I watch every rally that I can & post many on FB, & make CD's of them. God Bless & protect U Sir & your fine family!
The IX center is full of tiny rooms, which tiny room will you be in?
@jsbry3, don't vote absentee. The Dem poll workers will find a way to toss 'em legally/ illegally. Go to the voting Booth
Good for you. Stay out of Texas. You are not wanted here.



#ImWithHer: An Open Letter To #Hillary Clinton, From A Dad With a Daughter: Thank You | People's
no one cares.
The thousands who have read and complimented say otherwise. Move along, troll.
keeping your brothers and sisters of  the dems plantation for another 30 years take pride in  it. While we die I. The street
pass



America loves trump
#ohio #NorthCarolina
Are you not tired of your own freak shows, Donald?
I & others here in Socal still support and fight for you regardless of lib state. Mil/Vets do not back down sir. We prevail
Pffft. I hear that  people smoke meth at your  rallies!
wish I could! My dream is to be cheering with u at 1 of ur rallies! Some day! R u ever coming back to Sacramento CA?
Challenge to Trump Voters: On Nov 8, let's set the record for the highest voter turn out ever! We can do it!
Cleveland is a city of champions. Stay away!
save your time, your money, and your souls as he has nothing to offer except to lure you in with fiction
.                             Never join Trump anywhere : he is poisonous diarrhea. Beware!
you're done son, why bother? Everything is rigged against you  #finish him
women be careful at those rallies. The sexual predator will be there
if I didn't have this stomach virus, I would be there to support you. I'm on The Trump Train
IVANKA 
 
DOESN'T MFG IN 
 
USA
 
http://bit.ly/2crUnI4 
 
AND DADDY SAID THIS, A FUTURE POTUS?
so excited to see you tomorrow baby 
Hope someone shows up.
....Anonymous Warning Today: MSMEDIA https://youtu.be/TqTixdeZHjc 
NC OH DON'T BE DUPED. He's not for America. Ask the countries making his cheap ass suits.
All Trump voters need to request paper ballots! #PaperBallotsOnly #TrumpPence16 #StopVoterFraud
Hillary is holding rallies the same day in broom closets, TICKETS STILL AVAILABLE!
U will win OH! Start running TV ads on ur polices and it will be a landslide. #Rosaries4Trump
Mention my friends in Circleville Ohio, and Columbus, single   family homes no value now, when before where X3. a shame
Trouble in Hendersonville. Ongoing Threats against the GOP. Be alert. This is ur rally location today. #MAGA
No thank you. I already voted
You need to roll out a big screen and play those #Veritas videos! #MSM keeps trying to stop us!
give it up already, not enough bigots haters and sexual predators to vote you in office!
beware of the phonies @HillaryClinton will be sending!!
BORING
went  you going  to Massachusetts
how about another rally here in Michigan 
come to Kansas so I can cheer you on!!!
#TrumpPence16
well you make VA BENEFITS better for Veteran's. I want to make this country great again! Veterans  in schools for security!
@D3U5VUL7 u should give out free stuff. I hear that works well.
Come to the last of our big tent sales  every thing is for sale
america lost it all in the world stage... so there must be CHANGE.
North Carolina loves Trump. #NorthCarolinaForTrump
Forida is with you (except probably Miami-Dade). We've already voted. Trump 2016!!
no

NC doesn't want you here Donnie! Hope it's last time you ever step foot in our state!
Can't you see we like to win here in Ohio?!? Everything you touch loses.If the Indian's lose, we blame you.  #GetoutofOhio


Is Putin coming too?
When are you coming to the UK (the 53rd state), I know you're popular in Scotland lol #Where'sYourHonoursGone?!
DRAGON SLAYER,,,,,,Against all odds. Truth will prevail . 
We will TRIUMPH with TRUMP
in hell, maybe...
No rather pick up dog shit
THX 4 COMING!WE HAVE no OFFICEorPRESENCE HERE GIVE TRUMP BUMPER STICKERS OUT TO CATCH UP!CUYAHOGA COUNTY DECIDES ELECTIONS
cancelled. Stay home
Thank you again and again!!
are you coming to california dont think she. too many immigrants for you. you are hated here
got tickets for Fletcher, NC looking forward to being there.
WE DON'T WANT YOU IN CLEVELAND!!!! #stayOUT
Trump lost the third debate BIG TIME. Lets face it..he's only good for a laugh.
I'd rather have stitches.
You have my support!
I love a good dumpster fire!
you are alone, u have to flight everywhere, no important surrogate. U can't unite a party, how can u unite America?
Ten and counting. You make #NastyWomen sick and are a disgrace to #BadHombres everywhere. #SheWon http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/10/20/new-trump-accuser-karena-virginia-i-blamed-myself-for-trump-s-grope-for-years.html …
come to portland,OR
Maybe your act will fare better on the road, #Donnie. Those "New York elites" don't get you.#debate
Here's video of Trump getting booed down during his set at the Al Smith Dinner 
It will be nice Mr Trump if you visit San Diego #Americasfinestcity
bring bail money
Either Melania lied on CNN or Trump did at the debate. She said he apologized he said he never did.
Trump 2016!
working hard as no one will campaign for him embarrassing titanic trump
Bill O'R is being a stinker to Trump. Whats up w that? He and Megyn K get together?!??
Wow Donnie, just like in school, you had to have someone write for you...
Yes Donnie, your supporters are #Deplorable. (as are you)
nobody likes you
your rally of talking shit? No thanks!

@GartrellLindaso glad u did not agree to except what the polls say it should be investigated videos show criminal acts
No thanks
I'm having my toenails pulled out one at a time real slow instead
My son lives in Fletcher, wish I could be there
very Important 2 GO 2 VA Few times will B a deciding  state electoral votes only 1 time on http://www.donaldjtrump.com  schedule
While grandma sleeps, you are crushing it!!!!!!!!!
@gamegenie85 yeah.....no
YES
only if #MAGA means eliminating you
it means making America great again
exactly, say goodbye scrub lord
why would I say goodbye to you
because you a noob ggEz
it's been an honor playing with you
Did Hilary ever answer the question  posed to Trump about accepting the election results or did she evade  the question
but Hillary should be arrested long time ago do to emails and then some
I wish I was able to go no tickets got to work Go Trump and congrats on debate. Wake up people who cares 10 years but
where can we get tickets for Newtown Pa
mR TRUMP YOU HAVE TO KEEP ON WITH THE BILL CLINTON RAPE AND FONDELING OF WOMEN AND GET THAT MESSAGE THROUGH TO THE WOMEN
Trump 2016
@Anon13Voice. Love you and God bless you-- Mr Future President Of The United States,
America will be safe and great again!!
@Anon13Voice been watching all your rallies, and each one indicates to me, that you are the one appropriate for President!!
#LifeSupport
CLINTON is accusing the Russians for hacking into her email that exposes CLINTON actually trying to steal the elections
STAY OUT OF OHIO!

when ya coming back to Detroit?? Wish I could make it to one
morehead city,NC wants Trump to come
We watch all your rallies. Haven't missed one.
Prior to your entrance you should think about playing the Okeefe videos on a jumbotron proving fraud & violence from dems
And live rallies are on You Tube if youre not at the rally.
Will there be anymore CHOKING?
don't come to Ohio. We don't want you, I promise.
. Naw... I'll pass thanks. I'd like to see an adult talk.
WRONG
it's kind of interesting...Hitler called his gatherings rallies too. He was a pretty #BadHombre
When you come to Northern Virginia we would like to attend your rally.
- u forgot to mention how much you will pay people to come to your rally 
please come back to Florida, Tampa Bay area
see you in Cleveland...can't wait...I'll have the Trump shirt on...
why don't you invite the new woman who accused you of groping. No one had more respect of women.  Ugh such a nasty woman
We'll never miss a rally! Always watch on RSBN - they show yuge crowds! http://rsbn.tv/watch-donald-trump-rally-in-fletcher-nc-live-stream/ …
Keep talking the issues. Stay out of the gutter. U can do this. U have my vote.
you are damaging democracy and the country with your Santa statements.
#DrainTheSwamp one rally at a time.
