you said you will lock her or up or at least try!! Do what you say! That's why we voted for you
Did you expect anything else? He will do what he wants to do. Campaign is over.
like Steve Bannon getting White House strategist!! Keep up the good work Donald !!!! All is well
Steve Bannon will be a problem for Trump.  But white supremacists like him!
it goes a liberal called a man a racist 3 separate times! Then a racist appeared! N nobody cares 
my point is the word racist doesn't mean anything! Cuz of how irresponsibly it was used by liberals
Bannon's work, under his byline, details his racism. Intelligent people care; you don't, I get it.
wow again people don't care!! You've cried wolf to much!! Intelligent people have had enough!
I think you need to do a bit better than "Stop It". These aren't children, these are angry racist bigots! Speak!
how do u know they were not paid by the DNC like at the Trump rallies. Good way to stir up MSM
I can assure you, that is completely bogus. These are true people, beaten, harassed, SET ON FIRE!! SMH!
THE 'S @60Minutes CALL'D OUT TRUMP PPL FOR VIOLENCE BUT NOT THE LARGE NO.'S OF 'D IN SOROS PAID VIOLENT PROTESTORS
Why are you trashing the country by hiring a Jew hating white supremacist to form your strategy?  RIP USA
Don't waste your time with 60 minutes go to Fox news they're the only one that gives you a fair shake
... who already have been making suggestions to current President Obama, after your inauguration in January?
Mr. president I don't understand how they judge u before u started working . Judging intentions is hypocrisy
Can't wait 2 hear what u have 2 say. #TrumpTrain
FOLLOW THROUGH WITH YOUR PROMISES.... NO MASS DEPORTATION?! THAT'S BULLSHIT, THAT'S WHY I VOTED FOR YOU
be safe
Should have gave Hannity your first interview
. Will be watching!  Good luck & tell them how it is.
Please don't call Crooked a good person. She is evil
Donald Trump is showing that he is just as phoney as the rest of DC. hi *IS* an insider
I hope Mr. President Elect that you say something about t/Soros generated anarchy across America. .@realDonaldTrump @LindaSuhler @60Minutes
i have a podcast with the 6 listeners care to be a guest 
Mr Trump Please Listen, Like Comment & Retweet. Making America Great https://youtu.be/zlDR78X_4vg 
That's when the TV will be shut off.
ترامب تدل مطعم الشممم
So excited to tune in. There are so many people that believe in you. Stay strong! You got this.
Can't wait, free joke material. #jokes
#boycottNFL #boycottgrubhub #BoycottPepsi #BoycottCNN #boycottNYT
we'll be watching!

scary
#boycottnfl #BoycottPepsi #boycottgrubhub Take back America!
X3  Put Hational Guard patrolling - 10 guardsmen with 2 border patro  Solid wall in cities on border.l
Que le vaya muy bien en su entrevista @realDonaldTrump lo quiero mucho y le mando para que desayune :) todo de soya  :)
Sadly this is a perfect reflection of our society: First Football then we might talk about how we govern.
Twitter must give President Trump 1000 characters .. lol .. God Bless
Need to give him a chance.
Yes I know.
बाबा सुना है आप 30 लाख प्रवासियो भगा रहे हो !
WHO THE FUCK CARES LITTLE HANDS
is that GMT Mr President Elect?
It was a great 60 minutes and, you are completely right, all those immature protesters are being paid.

I knew you couldn't get your wall built
THANK-YOU for looking into the camera to say "Stop It".  Both @POTUS and @HillaryClinton should do the same.
Am I watching to hear you tell more lies ,change your mind or do I get to finally find out your plan. lies
YOU LET People in Office no real job experience gov was meant to be run by Americans who made it and give back
but you let some one in office who had lost is lic cheated on Bar exam to run the worlds super power you feel me
the collective explosion of heads by Hillary voters has been GLORIOUS. Thank you for working so hard for us!
WRONG
Trump worked hard while Hillary schmoozed with her rich donors. It's a fact.
Trump lied over 500 times during his campaign. That's a fact.
oh please.
Politifact. 
@KevinWGlass enjoy your new President.
We will enjoy YOUR new president as well.
who? Putin?
oh by the mainstream media?? The rigged media?? The media you don't trust??
seriously lol. That's all you got? 6 good followers. It was 5 earlier on today lmfao
Translation: Tonight at 7:00 PM I'm going to inspire further division in our country. #NotMyPresident #Asshole
actually he is going to destroy #crybaby #arguments like #PreExistingConditions #PresidentTrump 
Don't do interviews with the lying, dishonest media.
It was a GREAT interview, we love you so much
horrible.  #nazi #kkk #DelusionalDonald #stupidDOPE #notmypresident
I wanted to see it.
seriously will someone turn this spambot off??? Literally the most boring and irrelevant tweets...
Are you aware that Hillary lost?
obviously... You have clearly missed the point. All I'm saying is that this is a spambot and it's getting rather boring.
hey, who said anything about that? I just wanted u to know that Hillary lost, that's all.
OK... Well, that's quite random of you. Next time I need someone to state the obvious I'll come back to you.
I'll be sure to remind you tomorrow morning that Hillary lost. In case you forget.
why? I fear you have mistaken me for someone who has a memory problem...
The game yes, you, no
- You and Pence made my 6 year old son's Christmas list!!
#Resist
About the game?
Appointing Bernie Sanders to some post in your administration  would go a long way to unite your country?!
Which position are you playing in and on what team - I'll set the VCR.
u know what?in china,u are big star
of course
I like when your kids give you the cell phone back. You never let me down. 
Still DUMBEST guy on earth.
Don the con, do more of this, your supporters when you do this.
I'm a Canadian fan.  Believe the US Media is still and will continue to be out for you.  Cut them out altogether
Obama in Greece today, sickening.  He's in total denial of his failure.
you must go after Clinton Foundation.  They have stolen millions from Haiti.
If you start making immigration reform changes, will you be attempting to speak with people like @WValderrama ..
can't wait to hear you spread more hate, racism, sexism, xenophobia and homophobia #notmypresident

make them yourself or find those gif's on a white supremacy site?
you liberals and your bullshit protest is null and void
source? http://cnn.it/2fNnsga  or
Google isn't counting Michigan which has been called and put the Donald Trump ahead
even your beloved fox has the same numbers, http://fxn.ws/2fx4qvS  what is your source?
straight from CNN's archives because they took it down now don't fit the narrative pushing
Since you are not taking the salary you should donate it to the people of Flint Michigan. #powerplayer
If It were me, I'd choose a charity each year to donate to.
totally agree but the people of Flint are in a dire situation.
Agreed! Maybe designate a Flint task force? He'd win many over and correct the issue at once.
*Correct the issue altogether
#NotMyPresident
What racist thing did he say?
do you live in a cave?
I know you guys take shit out of context..give me some actual quotes..
here's your context - a 40 year history of documented racism.
Nicholas Kristof shows a 40-year pattern of racism & bigotry in Donald's behavior: "Is Donald Trump a Racist?" Yes. http://nyti.ms/29Sj94B 
you're pathetic. The facts in the piece are irrefutable.
Go fuck yourself..put up a quote asshole..
Saying 'stop it' to racist attacks means little when you name white supremacist Bannon chief strategist the very same day

si mandas 3 millones de delincuentes a México
los carteles serán el nuevo. estado mexicano
naranja=red tu kgb
great interview!!!!  So many made up stories that you didn't say.....Wonder who started that mess? Hmmmmm!
Don't forget "Lock her Up", you promised to prosecute. Don't start backing away from campaign promises please
Please do not support Paul Ryan. He can not be trusted.
You can't be a Trump supporter and not be Racist
Hey Trump: they say you are what you eat -- I guess you eat a lot of shit then.
why are you helping NFL ratings?? Haha!!
We are going to hold you to your words #lockherup #buildthatwall #draintheswamp #MAGA #NeverHillary #america1st
who cares
you did great!! Don't fall for ridiculous got you questions! Stay true to voters and to yourself!
have you made plans to heal and unify us?  (and made it a top priority, before building new airports?) things are so TENSE.


@realMelanaTrump @60Minutes  Not interested in hearing you blabing...you sold empty promises.
no football this year because I stand for my flag for liberty and justice for all Americans
# This was the best interview I have ever seen and this is also my first twit ever!
Sir, consider weekly Utube addresses to talk to us directly & just bypass the media. We don't need pundits!!
great interview...you remained sober!
Good to know
Saw it. Impressive time with the Trump family.
ok i will see you in the  tv corrupt .tell them to stop making lies. Or will have consecuency
don't do it. Please
Donald, don't let the media off so easily. Remember, they wanted to hang you.
great interview. Build a bridge with liberal minorities using Van Jones. Let Van see the truth.
Terrible interview with Leslie. Seems like she wanted to trip you up with every question. Untrustworthy  #Trump
If not prosecuted, Hillary should give back Foundation money for soliciting donations on State Dept. time.
@TeamTrump DR. Ben Carson should be in your cabinet to show diversity in Republicans as US Heath dept Director
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNVSFy-bbCk …
I enjoyed the show very much, you were on point! Such a beautiful family.
unbelievably unfair scripted questions and interview that was. No more 60minutes.
Big deal. You still suck.
we could care less
Mr Trump, you kicked ass tonight. Leslie Stahl is finished.
Very well said, Mr President Trump, Sir.
大美兴  川普王
Recent interview. Now the proof is in the pudding...
this was great interview!Thank you President Trump!Looking forward to your time in office bringing back America
Before Reagan's second term, Stahl interviewed him and he didn't know where he was. She never reported it 1/2
OK @60Minutes  OK FOR QUESTION ELVIS OK ?? Skutnik Polish of Belgium awaits answer, I want to succeed 1A/2A.
NO SE OLVIDE YA TIENE 70 AÑOS Y YA NO ESTA JOVEN ,SUS ULTIMOS AÑOS SEA BUENOOOOO NO AL ODIO
i am struggling with my health care plan going to over 800.00 per month! At the present I can't afford to carry healthcare
O by The Way Great Interview 60 min
just watched the interview, #IvankaTrump for president 2020!
Lots of lies and distortion.  Nice family portrait. Plenty of backpeddling on promises. Ego OK?
Only Geezers watch this show.
Great interview look forward to the changes! 
http://money.cnn.com/video/news/2016/10/25/obamacare-enrollee-insurers-dropping-out-put-my-daughter-in-danger.cnnmoney/index.html …
lies on TV, like usual. There are not 2 to 3 million criminal illegal immigrants. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/09/02/trumps-fuzzy-math-on-undocumented-immigrants-convicted-of-crimes/ …
it was awesome speech
Lesley Stahl if your not going to address the rioters and people attacking Trump supporters then it is one side
I saw your interview..it was really candid and I think everybody got to know the real you!!
only if I had planned on laughing and vomiting at the same time!!!
That's awesome. Congratulations!
☉ I'll be watching!  Please Don't STOP Tweeting even when U become President! I'm With U, Melanie & @IvankaTrump! 
 it
I hope you never go on that condescending liberal show again, @LesleyRStahl  was horrible, disrespectful, snide
WANKER
enjoyed watching u, u spoke very well. SO thankful u won!
Mexico will paid for the new wall of shame ? Who believe that ? I know the racist who vote for you 
We love our new President and 1st Lady Melaina!! Show respect!! Deplorable!!
Winning the election is the best  present ever!!!!  Thank you for a wonderful birthday  President Donald Trump!!!
Everyone I know made SURE not to watch it. Didn't watch you 'win'. Haven't watched you since. Won't watch inaug.
Did you hear what Lesley Stahl said? You need to make a statement for unity. Not Tweet & whine about the press.
Stick to your guns. Fill tunnels and dig deep for the foundation and build that wall with non Latino citizens.
Great interview!! 
Mr.  Trump,  thanks for being my voice.  Best of success with your presidency.
Someone keep me alerted
Didn't watch...
You can give me a Veteran the job as the Director  I I am better then what has been in the past.
You will leave gay marriage as is because it's a law. So is Roe v Wade. Explain.
don't go against the ppl that are getting their heads busted, 69 yr old men, teenage boys & girls. Stop the bullshit.
I watched your interview and you really don't understand African Americans
I would like to see your taxes.  Not believing the BS about waiting on audit.
All these hateful comments i was on the hateful side but had a talk with God yall better stop be4 every1 goes in a time out! EVERY1
no thanks! No oranges  No cheetos
And that lady threw you down the gutter w/Chris Wallace. These media people NOT your friends
never watch a bully
If restoringConstitution a key priority,why are you supporting fascist Gingrich un-American ActivitiesCommittee?
media already trying to twist your plans. stop using them if they won't stop lying. Use ur youtube channel.
Enjoyed but still see the lack of respect the media is giving.Soooooo bias!! How to fix????Luck sir!
The interview was great but never forgot, the media is not your friend & will treat you more horribly than it did GW Bush!
how can a white American supremacist be embarrassed of being white ? #toomuchspaytan
don't leave us hanging.We want the #TRUMP we voted 4 get rid of Obamacare,Thewall,Get the illegals out #MAGA
Trump will honor his promises. Ppl need to relax till he takes office. I'm not concerned at all.
hope so we don't need all talk and no action.Do what he promised #MAGA
100% we finally have a president who tells it like it is & tells the truth which is rare . 1/20/17
TOWNHALL MTGS. Talk directly to the people not NY Times
I was disappointed that you're backing off on promise to go after HRC! She's not nice and you're off course!
I'm not a @realDonaldTrump fan but after watching @60Minutes he doesn't seem as bad as I thought ? #MaybeTheresHope
Enjoy? Well, it was comical. You certainly showed you have no clue. Smh. Loser
Don't care!
- "STOP IT"...like that's going to work! DUH!!!
disappointed in Leslie s questions. Where was the CONGRATULATIONS?
I'll be sure to turn the TV off.
i did not enjoy; the interview was a hatchet job; please quit sitting for these "dishonest media" people...
wow good for you, President Trump, no salary...you are a true leader.  You are going to do great.
I look forward to seeing you Mr President at the Prayer Breakfast 2017. We LOVE YOU and so does JESUS!
it was great to pass the true vision of you
the 60 Min, was a great way to share the true Vision of yours, I always believed that is it, G-D Bless u
I'll be sure to change the channel, thanks for the heads up.. Netflix it is!
terrified that you or your family will have attempts on your life.  I  read threats you never make white house!
, saw the show! Please keep Medicare & SS intact! It provides a needed safety net for the aged & disabled!
DEPORTS ALL MIGRANTS TO ALL TO ALL
I loved your interview on 60 minutes. I will admit I didn't vote for either you or Hillary.
what a wonderful interview and your family is just fabulously incredible. I love that you keep them guessing!!!
I would rather watch gay porns, especially starring William Pryor
Spoken like the real cult leader you are
