I never thought that it would be. Obama's a sociopathic narcissist who lies like he breaths. No one is surprised by this!!!
U R going to be POTUS. Stop acting like a bratty teenager. Pres. Obama could give U lessons in class & sportsmanship.
Evidence is surfacing to the contrary.  If proven, what will YOU do?  We want him in prison. He has done more harm to this country than
from a man of integrity and intelligence to you.....what a failure of government we have ahead of US.
According to a recent FB post, the only time you've ever done anything smooth is when you grabbed a woman by the . . .
You do not help matters with your own statements. You  tend to add salt into injury. Think far and act wisely=Success
haters are everywhere, so are lovers of usa, you are the best thing that has happened to USA
your pacifier is waiting in the white house
Hell nothing about you is smooth not even your lies.
Move to Russia.  You're not wanted here. #trumpthief #notmypresident #donnysfake #trumpbigot #trumpliar
Good news @realDonaldTrump: Obama won a landslide victory over you for Most Admired Man, but you won that vote among the voices in your head
@ChastityBelt33 @realDonaldTrump Watch out Keith, this fool has the codes.
what did you expect when you CHEATED to WIN!
ha, the only one that cheated was hrc and still lost.  Don't forget about that. Debate questions.
It was 1 town hall question during primary - Trump got all questions from Megyn Kelly stop watching Fox ruins ur brain
go sniff more coke...
well we don't want you as president!! Hillary won the popular vote. Nobody likes you so step down!!!
By "doing your best" does that mean tweet about it every day?
yes, the corrupt media Trump doesn't want you to believe. The ones reporting his crimes
Trump University Fraud, illegal use of foundation charity money to start.
The perjury case would have happened. No question.
how are people still allowing you to tweet?!?!?!?!
It is not smoothe because of you. U refuse to tk yr job seriously, act like a kid. Treasonous. Not about Obama, about YOU.
You just cant 'DISREGARD' them.  Use your POWER to legally STOP THEM.  ARREST THEM FOR GOD'S SAKE!
were you just not loved enough as a child
he's done so much with his life trump saved America
In what way?
THERE GOING TO TALK ABOUT SOMETHING IF HE SHOWED THEM THEY WOULD FINF SOMETHING ELSE TO SAY ALL THEY HAVE
We are praying for you President Trump, your Family, V.P. Pence & Family, your entire Cabinet, Advisors, Aides, Staff, All.
an other president EVER, even the crook and murderer BUSH!  What more will it take another murder by Clinton, by SOROS???
Be Strong in Christ Jesuschrist!its a blessing to have a president who believes in God And Jesus Christ!
Jesus Christ would be appalled by @realdonaltrump actions and greed and lies!
I get it,you don't like Trump.mk
we all want a public hearing & trial.  YOU, your family and your supporters deserve that much. ty for what your doing for us.
jealousy is cruel as the grave...we're praying for you President Trump and all your family...
He Is Our Beloved President, We fight false flags & leftist tyranny with Our Beloved Pres.Trump, 1000% Support
you certainly have enough evidence against Obama and his admin., Clintons, Podesta, Clapper, Brennan & Comey.  When are you going to indict
where was EXTREME VETTING of your own cabinet? Disgraceful.
People are saying  that every time you lie it weakens the wall of your heart. People are saying It's true.

hang in there. We're behind you
If the roadblock appeared in front of a clear road w/o a warning sign, the President was wrong.  However, if the roadblock has a warning sign: "avalanches" before you get to crossroad & you ignore the sign - your a fool & deserve what you get.  @CNN
Obama is a LIAR, a fraud....you have the evidence????  Seth Rich, all the deaths caused by Podesta and DNC, Clintons and nothing is done?
Mr. President you have done a fantastic job, I am a 100 % disable Desert Storm War Veteran and I appreciate all that you do
Obama should have his pension stopped, all benefits.  His pictures removed from the White House.  My guess is he was NOT born in Hawaii.
He was a small man whose ego was a huge part of our nation's problem.
Heureusement que O'bama te complique la vie !!! Tu es dangereux pour les USA et pour la planète !!!
You poor baby.  You don't deserve this!  You've been nothing but kind and civil to President Obama, and respectfully refrain from making inflammatory statements about...oh shit, wait.  #dumbfuck #TreasonousTrump
seems the problem with your transition wasn’t Obama’s doing but more due to your poor choices - your picks for appointments, many of whom are gone; some under indictment now; your violations of the Logan Act, and your choice to run president in the first place.

President O transition wasn't smooth either. Look at all the people that fought him. Too much hate.
Warned you in one of my tweets that he would create CIVIL STRIFE to stay in. @5b20be6386164f8
Transformation begins in our own souls, overflowing to marriage, then family, then world. Praying for you and MassImpact.us
You spend way to much time tweeting....Lets focus on preparing to run the Country...Twitter means nothing!!!!
You won, don't give attention to loser baiting.
he's a short timer....waste of your energy.
don't try to sit with the devil , he will bite u
1992 called, they want their "Not" joke back.#yourereallyold
Well, I guess that makes you wrong. You should be used to that, you tiny-handed imbecile.

why not?
not a smooth transition because you're still filling the swamp. Divest of you businesses now. You're unfit for office.
Goodmorning from California! This is the beginning of greatness! #trumptrainfromday1
http://facebook.com/wickedtransmissions … #transmissions
What is wrong with you. Shame.
@Trump4Hope The #Scorpion always stings the frog and both die. As long as America dies #BO is OK with it.

DON'T  YOU REMEMBER HE LIES!!! Why would he change?
you are entirely different president of USA.
G.Chittibabu,
India
@protesting2016
And we're doing our best to ignore you'll be POTUS in 3 wks.
I love ya!
Preparation H will take care of your "inflammation". There's a cure for your butthurt Mr. Trump!
amen , Obama's "scorched earth policy" on his way out is very sick and demented and shows he's a destroyer not a builder
I love that you're like a million years old and still talk like a 13 year kid old in the 90s. Such a hip and with it prez.
Yep, pity the idea of giving someone a fair go has no appeal to a lot of people these days.
party on Garth. Using movie lingo makes u sound dumb. Dumb Donnie Flipperhead.
BO looks foolish with each step he takes.  January 20 can't get here fast enough...
I'm ready to move the Obamas out of the White House
and hope we never hear from them again
@AntiDumbDumb Obama bin Laden laying land mines for President Trump, Trump to smart just like Putin .
you lost the popular vote by almost 3 million. LOSER
@peplamb What will this country look like in decades to come with such a large infiltration of Muslims; they will multiply.
you took his house, his job, and will erase his legacy. Let the lame duck quack. At this point, it's just entertainment
You know he has saved you right? Putin hacked you too plus RNC. What's he hiding?
Xpresident Obummer is suckin on lemons! Ha ha!
Obama is still President of The United States until that time as you are sworn in so stop telling people crap!
don't let him get under your skin..its just sour grapes. Cant wait for you to  lead us into the New Year
Obama is a child as we true Americans have seen what more would you expect from a Muslim loving fool.
sure thought a nazi-father
would have spanked tad a bit more manners into
such an eternally weeping & sulking toddler - NOT
very sad. Just realize that Democrats are such bad losers;  Can't they wait for 5 years? Republicans waited for 10 years.
You are causing the problems!
If you thought losing the election would lead to an easy transition you just weren't thinking. Get on that!
President Obama is still PRESIDENT.  #betterthanyouwilleverbe
hey Trump what you going to do if Obama cries Marshall law than we are not going to let this happen are you
From Class in the White House to Trash in the White House - America is in mourning
Boo hoo mofo
we are all on your side your used to dirty players the dems are just trying to hang on to anything the world will see

You're the problem @realDonaldTrump ! You're incompetent and have no idea was diplomacy means.
Once again, out comes the 12 year old boy throwing a tantrum. Please! Be presidential..!! For the love of god.
of course not. The dictator dummycrats that @BarackObama is part of hate giving up power. They would end elections if could
Go to your daily breafings and it may go smoother for you,  see what going on in the world and don't  listen to fake news.
Awwwww cut deep, didn't it? You'll have to face reality some day, though. Obama is just much more popular than you are!
Yes most of us know he and I'm sure Clinton are on the war path. Losers.  Keep a close eye on his actions in D.C. The Rat!
So proud to call you "my" President. Come on 20 days!
Disagreement with me=inflammatory comment
He's making himself look very bad.  I did vote for him, and am now seeing another side.  Very disappointed.
it's unfortunate that the current administration feels the need to make things worse than it has to be. You got this PE
why do u actually sound like a bitchy middle schooler like
you don't deserve a smooth transition, you bigoted @sshole. More than half of the Americans see right through you!!!
Obama is sneaky..has a lot of Americans on edge...he's on the wrong side of God with Israel and with Russia..Trump-2017 !!
President Obama is a liberal puss you hang tough good luck

I wonder what they are hiding...
The country can only have ONE President at a time!
Inflammatory remarks? My heart bleeds for DJT, the king of inflammatory remarks, fake news and deception.
AMERICA MADE A HUGE MISTAKE IN ELECTING YOU 
Oh, how I wished you realized how at fault YOU are for the transition troubles. Stop tweeting. Get to work.
UR fat & ugly. Obama is handsome, stately, & carries himself like a real man. U can't bc U have tiny hands & a tinier penis
barf 
The 90s are real...NOT

Russia did nothing wrong.  OB setting up a false flag event. We do not need another war.
It's Politics 24/7 for the DEMS. Even ahead of national security & the best interests of the USA & our closest allies. SAD!
and I still believe Obama was a Muslim in hiding
your own fault
WHINER!
President Obama is100 percent IDEALOGICAL.PresidentDonald Trumpis80percent Transactionaland 80 Percent Pragmatic BIG HELP
I am afraid the out going administration is going to use the scorched earth policy.
Quit whining & act your age. You are a 70 year old man-child, out of your league & easily manipulated by Russia. Pathetic!
what do you expect from a jerk like that? Did you think that he was going to act civil? LOL
you have true Americans support.March on !
not an O. Fan- but he is right trying to protect us from a con man
Not right....
make the us great again
Obama is NOT entitled to be referred to as "President". He simply isn't. Obama is a fraud.
