Who shares our VALUES and RESPECT. So where is #DopeyDonald planning to move to after Hillary hands him his ass?
http://Germany.france.eu . all the white nations.it will be our asses handed to islam if Clinton wins
Too busy cooking meth behind trailer park to bother attending spelling and grammar classes. @RealDonaldTrump #DopeyDonald
then stop its not worth it.get off the stuff and move.might get smarter.who kbows
anytime.youre just mad because you cant dispute my comment.liberals tend to do this.curseme
Maybe if you gave up the meth you could learn how to spell.@RealDonaldTrump #DopeyDonald #TotallyFuckingBatshitCrazyMoron
harvard man i see.but Clinton will fix that with common core.are you a abortion survivor.obama democrat.
Have you started packing yet?
Islam is contradictory to American values and aspirations. The pursuit of happiness doesn't involve a rag @realDonaldTrump @LyndaG1963
@jcpeanut2345

there's a method to his madness 
#CA #FL #NC #OH #PA #AZ #IA #NY #TX No Border no http://Country.Law &Order.Illegals criminal act.Restcountry's get shot
funny that you say that... you don't respect for any body
and obey our laws
The mudslinging will never change an intelligent person's mind.
you got that right buddy!
my ancestors shared the values & respected USA. . I'm so glad we didn't have a POTUS like you then that deported Germans!
yes sir
What is so difficult about this statement??? It's called common sense... o.. right.. liberals lack this.
But YOU don't share our values and respect our people. So how is that a test.
I believe in America.  Those values of keeping us safe.  Go Trump!
#WakeUpAmerica
You got that right.Go Donald
thrump is a lieing racist con artist and should release his taxes
Since you said there was no real Indians and you had more Indian Blood than we do. From All of Us to You!
You don't respect the privacy and space of women.  #CorruptTrump
you and Hillary should show some class and beg forgiveness after the classless speeches at Al Smith benefit
@HillaryClinton @CNNPolitics @billclinton  IF THE RULES OF THE LAW MATTER. THEN PAY YOUR TAXES,  EVERYONE YOU OWE MONEY TOO
@HillaryClinton @CNNPolitics  WE SHOULD NOT ALLOW U TO BE HERE IN THE UNITED STATE  U DON'T  RESPECT /SHARE R VALUE.
I agree if you hate America why would you want to come?

Based on your values and level of respect? Thats setting a very low bar indeed.
you should go home. Where are your ancestors from??? I didn't know you were American Indian!!
well said!
I GUESS WE WILL HAVE TO DEPORT YOU.  IT IS CLEAR THAT YOU DO NOT RESPECT OUR VALUES.
you don't share American values such pay your taxes like everyone else.
Are you planning to deport yourself?!?
AND WHAT ARE YOUR VALUES? VIOLENCE WEAPONS REVOLUTION POVERTY? JUNK NATION!
Like respecting women, who you admit you grab by the pussy?
if those are the standards for admittance you would have to leave!
tell Clinton that the only reason she is making it this far in the election is because of if her husbands success
your german ancestors would not have gotten in under this standard. #trumptheliar
well you need to be deported ASAP!!!
YOU obviously don't share real American values ..maybe Russian values.. so why don't YOU get the hell out of our country!
You should first learn about our values then preach, Russian agent! #DrainTheSwamp

U don't share our values or respect our people
well,well charlatan You do not share the majority of this country's values SO WE WANT YOU OUT OF OUR COUNTRY GO,GO,GO AWAY
How the hell did you get in then?  #ImWithHer #trumpisacrook
why not make it easier for Canadians to immigrate into the US?
you don't share my values or the values of millions of Americans. Stop speaking for us b/c we don't want you as president
Then I guess you need to leave.
If your an example of values and respect then America will become the trash can of the world.
Napolitano is saying angry NSA people are source of the Wiki leaks, not Russia. HRC got NSA members killed with leaks.
These moderators come to Donald and say you lied in the last debate, never to HRC and say the same thing.
just like you respect woman right? #grabherpussy
@Gumball55668882 AMEN!!!
and even then immigration should not be tens of thousands. Only people that can afford to move to America
- it's your values, as women, that we don't and will not honor
So when are you leaving?
YOUR values!! Ur a fascist pig. I hope ur wife is the first one u ship out of the US that's is if u win!That never happen!!
Dream on
"only admit those who respect our values"...?! So what are you doing here??!
Yea, we should kick that treasonist lying pig Hillary Clinton out!  She's a baby killer!  Protects pedophile rapists!
Yeah, not every Tom Dick & Harry. ..@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @760kfmb @seanhannity @HillaryClinton
donald u are the master .the old trout hilary will fuk america big time
@Gumball55668882 vote TRUMP get on Trump train Hillary will devastate America beyond return bet she gets rid American flag
Teddy Roosevelt said the same thing.
soooooo....when are you leaving????
You do not share American values. You are deeply flawed and dangerous. Your own party is ashamed and embarrassed by you.
the the 49ers would be less one QB.

Whose values? Your deplorable supporters' "values?"
so why the fuck are you still here
how r u going to know? Just ask them?
never trump
then you should be kicked out of my country

values? Respect? You don't know the meaning of either
@LynoMN Been done before. Here is an article on Teddy Roosevelt's ban on Muslims.
nonsense, the wall will break budgets, will be ineffective and in the end will be a testament to you stupidity
@jaclip45 I agree. If you want to come here, leave you national flag at home and embrace our laws, Our language and culture
So do we deport those that don't share YOUR shitty, racist point of view?
@BarracudaMama Give it up old boy, you've lost. #neverhillaryortrump
but the we'd have to call for your deportation as you certainly do not represent American values! #dumptrump
That means you are out. I'm in!
Not to Clinton. Someone who breaks the law will let others like illegal aliens beak the law too, and others!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=630716170436483&id=100004943165545 …
then I guess you should leave the Country bc you don't respect anything or anyone!
You are dangerous to our country. You need to be locked up for all your crimes. Lock him up!
and what VALUES are those exactly?! 
#DonaldJTrumpforPresident, #Trump2016, #AlwaysTrump,
you mean "republican values"??
you want a wall to keep out rapists... brb, campaigning for a wall around the White House.
in your world they are with values: KKK, DEPLORABLES, HILLY BILLY,MOON SHINERS.
you show you dont respect, Blacks, Mexicans, Muslims, gays, women. So you're stuck with uptight & white.  You lose. Period.
says trump who has no values

@bigboater88
#hitler felt the same way.
You don't share my #values and you don't #respect virtually anyone. But you were born here, so we're stuck with you. #rude
Only Indian Hindu fit this criterion.
so, clearly, you need to get tossed out. Hypocrite!
But DONALD you clearly don't respect anyone but your rich friends or PUTIN, so that sort of limits who we would let in
guess you gotta go #NoTrump
So much for the Statue of Liberty Donnie
so you should be kicked out then huh?
@ofccadjust AND "Pledge Allegiance To The Flag Of The United States"!!!!!
says a self-centered ass with questionable values and no respect for other people
every word that he said last night it just like a people who live without Brian u got it all wrong jerk
The rule of Law isn't having a giant wall in the borders. Its called "Inmigration Reform".

what we need is people who can improve our country, sharing our values doesn't mean anything if we can't improve.
#1.Respect is earned and you sir have earned ZERO. #2. Exactly who's values will be used as the baseline?  You've no values
you're out then...
So when are you leaving? #hillary #HillaryClinton #TrumpTapes
So when are you being deported?
could you have a word with Teresa May,Donald? Nobody's told her this yet.
How about Democrats bussing illegals from district to district to vote over and over again How crooked is that???as Hell
yes indeed
Whose values? Yours? No thank you.

Trump's values and respect = PUSSY GRABBIN
"common sense, hardly rocket science
time to deport your wife the ! #badhombre
Does the rule of law matter when you lose the election? And where are the tax returns?
It's over, you lost. And you'll continue to lose, get used to the feeling, Donny-boy.
and take care of our Veterans instead of on illegal immigrants or on other countries.  We gotta take care of US first.  USA
Values as in inner cities are hell holes? Take a stroll through North O. You'll be surprized.
stop tagging me in shit

And pay taxes.
PLAIN & SIMPLE, you sir, do not share America's values. Concede the election.
share your values Donald?  Hmmm we seen your values in action - those poor women.  Not many share them.
Rule of law matters you say? Is that really what you think?
What exactly are OUR values? As Americans we are allowed to have many different and sometimes conflicting values.
Who's values? Mine or yours. They ate largely irreconcilable.
totally agree on this one Donald too much of that shit goes on in Great Britain
... well, respect some.of our people. Otherwise you'd have to go.
Repect our Christian values? well, that leaves out the Muslims whose goal is to create #Sharia and kill Christians and Jews
want lying politician?
any other of the candidates would be in ruins with dem lies now.
he stands
@VonKloss @realDonaldTrump @go4marshall
I'm not for those who can't be vetted but come through on a govt refugee program.  @realDonaldTrump
Just like pervert Trump respect women
They're "Illegal" immigrants! Something must be done! It's common sense!! No other country would put up with this!
YOU DONT EVEN RESPECT "OUR" people
You don't share my values.  You don't respect our people.  Go back where you came from, DJT.  If they'll take you.
Exactly!
CNN poll saying corrupted Clinton won the debate I need all Trump supporters to Boycott CNN period.
Hell with those who keep their women down, and who kill gay people, and persecute Jews!
Absolutely
Yeah! NOT terrorists who are raised to kill Christians and trained to hate Americans! I mean, they have suicide bombers!!!!
if we di that, YOU would have to go...for not  respecting our people in our country....
Is @twitter shadow banning your tweets? I'm only seeing those that r retweeted by followers...very odd
Then we should throw you out.
I don't share his "values" on women, Mexicans, Muslims, black people, the disabled, "God" etc. So, I'm out.
how horrible donald trump richard
we should only let people in country who respect our values. What the hell r u doing here ?
NO ONE Has Any Right To Enter America! #tcot
yes America first?
Then you have to leave. Sorry traitor. #debate
it aint you bigot
or make clothes for me
that clearly excludes u #hombre! Plain & simple, it's #unpatriotic to refuse to accept elect results #novalues #norespect
So how'd YOU get in, Donald? #debates
so how do you check for that? A religious test? Think #McFly #debate This is all sounds #RACIST

You wall yourself in Don. I don't want it.
I guess that means leave because you don't want to value and respect the democratcy that makes us the land of the free :^)
#SheWon
