they love you because they love WINNING! This will be the best 8 years EVER!
Watching the libs freak out is the best thing ever. Can't wait for Monday when EC votes.
it's going to be another amazing day  like winning another recount 
It'll be better than the recount because his election will be confirmed. They've pissed off the electors...
with death threats and will now vote trump even if out of spite.
I agree, if I were an elector and was getting death threats, I would DEFINITELY vote Trump, liberal pansies!
I love their reactions every time he tweets. "You..you shut up...poopy head!" Children.
why do you spell so horrible
He's president, and he makes more money than you will in your life.. but let's wet ourselves about spelling
actually he isn't until january the 20th, and using money as an argument is irrelevant, since i don't care about
Aw boohoo.. kkk.. racism.. I'll take a racist dad over a child molester anyway..
Sure thing. Just like all the rest they were dropped. Lolita Express is still a thing though.
just wondering how a woman supports a man for president who brags of sexual assault?
@RealDonaldTrumi  I look at reality not what Msm tells me to think. I have a mind of my own..
We need a President who will put America first, not cozy up to our enemies. And yes, Russia is our enemy.
Clinton would be much better, accepting money& support from middle east countries. Makes sense. hypocrisy much
how much will Putin put in a secret bank account for trump
from Russia with love
Maybe he can get our uranium back.
Sir, you are a true gentleman, a true patriot, and very considerate of your voters. This is why I voted for you.
Happy New Year and a Very Successful Term as the 45th President of the USA!!
President Trump, do not allow your enemies to destroy you by wanting you to fire Gen Flynn! That is their plan! KEEP HIM!!
The enemies of your MAGA effect is attempting to destroy you from within -using the “Domino Effect”…KEEP YOUR STAFF!!!!!!!
As I said before, Gen Flynn is the “Scapegoat” of the Democratic (Liberal) Party. WATCH YOUR BACK MR. PRESIDENT!!!!
Mr President: If possible, administer lie-detection to all under suspension, you may find this scoundrel for all to see!
THANK YOU FROM THE SILENT MAJORITY. PLEASE LOOK AT BRUNELL DONALD FOR A POSITION, SHE IS WONDERFUL.
Taxes
Thank you. First time in years I am optimistic.
which read like a Jim jones get together #cultfollowing

.. Loser.. Not my president
Going to the people is great and effective but pivot to governing & MAGA, MASA.  Scrub WH for "bugs"-can't trust Obama WH.
No patriot would ever support you.
i support.
Putin loves you because you’re easily manipulated & an accessible mark who’s willing to betray America for personal benefit

i am counting the days until jan. 20.  you have to bring God back into our institutions to establish moral values
Trump followers are so dumb they don't know they are dumb. Sad!
Donald Trump we thank you for given us hope and the American dream again.
you do realize that Putin is the devil right? 

Don't eat the apple. God is watching.
the last thing anyone needs is to be preached at from satan worshipping #libtards
so what. When are you going to address  the 65 million that hate you
63 million Trumpians Strong voted Trump He is our President Pres Trump loves all Americans dem libs are racist hateful ppl
65 plus million strong didn't vote that annoying Orange
Thanks for the divided America. Before anything I am a red blooded American not just a democrat. I am not the enemy!
Mr. Trump, the Orlando crowd was not massive. 10k capacity, 2/3 empty.
really bummed that NYC couldn't be on the tour cuz they're so nasty here #korettagoestowashington
It amazes me how u require constant, unending adulation. Show us that u can be presidential. Enough already w/ ur silliness
sir I want call from you
Well, that whole state does sniff bath salts, so that could explain their lack of judgment.
I've never seen anyone so full of themselves
thanks to Odin that your "all about me, so lets alienate those States who didn't vote for me" tour is over.
Any chance you will be coming to Georgia while you are down this way?
hola Donald!!
Alabama loves you. H
You and your family have a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. Don't let Democrats BS bother you.Amen
I think you're having a nervous breakdown.

Quit the self-congratulatory crap and start talking about Aleppo already! FFS! 
..is this seriously who America elected?
the beginning of the end of the empire. Sadly people treating it like a football game
what did u charge us for secret service protection and  flying on ur plane this time?
nothing Obummer, Clinton and CIA stole all of our money
what r u talking about?   What money?
shut up

Good thing I didn't vote her. Also, pull your skirt down, your partisanship is showing.
You know who else did a Victory Rally?
I hope taxpayers aren't paying for this ego tour of yours, Donnie.
of course we r.  He is charging us for rent for an apartment fot the secret service agents and flying his plane
Paperwork? Receipts?
that's ur argument cuz I personally don't have the receipts?  He is charging secret service
I'm not "arguing." Still guessing that it's cheaper than Obama's $80 billion total. (And yes, that's just hearsay.)
1.4 billion a year includes running white house, staff, security....George W was 1.6 million
Best wishes in  your presidency! I'm looking forward to a great 4 years!
the same thing your father said about Orlando when he didn't have to drag you along
- YOU ARE NOT A CONCERT PROMOTER, for fuck's sake. Do your damn job.
Ok I'm going to just ignore your little attempt at being a BULLY. I'm perfect the way I am. Damn good @ 55
Then stop with your petulant name-calling of Obama. It's that simple.
As a president he sold out Americans that is TREASON! It's the truth look it up. I can't wait til he is out for good!!
massive crowd? Heard 3 people were there. Where are your taxes?
https://youtu.be/dMrQKccHeVs  he will make America great again watch.

the only people attacking is the Trump haters. All nasty. Very sickening. Pathetic. Get a life.
Huge Crowd in Orlando On Fire For Change  !
quote frojm WT 12/30/16 ‘We ought to get on with our lives’ DJT
please nominate a people trial lawyer for SCOTUS. Only prior prosecutors, professors,  corp hack attys ever get appointed.
Maybe they were all Russians actors? #liberaltears #RussianHacker 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@realDonaldTrump

The flawed candidate lost big league. Best thing for the USA.
From the moment Trump steps foot in the Oval Office, he will violate the Constitution. @realDonaldTrump
I doubt that. However, President Obama, through his executive orders, most certainly has tried.
That's guy to guy talk. It's accepted. We girls do exactly the same thing at wine parties!get a grip lol

Ranting about old stuff still. Pathetic.
there are no massive crowds
what are you going to do when youre done gloating about how you won cuz "the blacks" don't like HLR? Ever be done?

has not got it yet .tell you what they must got there head up there ass's
you would never be welcomed in California so don't even think about coming here
..... details, schmetails, massive, bigly, if you used actual numbers, you would sound more adult like
sweet home alabama and nigel
egomaniac #WeAreBeingPunked #Resist #NotMyPresident
idiot.
you are out of you league, Mr. Trump #DumpTrump
You deserved it President Trump you will Make American Great Again!!!!!! can't wait for Obama to step down!!!
divest, release your taxes.
pee. Esse#. A

hey can you make grants easier to get when you get in office not all thewebsite make it easyto get them for everyone please
@LouDobbs      I'll bet they all love you in Alabamy.
You @realDonaldTrump will not be an American President. We are too great a nation to allow it. #TRAITOR
.@realDonaldTrump It is nice to see our almostpres with a hobby. Guess being almostpres does not keep you busy enough. Such sad gatherings.
I will back you 100 percent, just do what you were going to do
thanks for coming to Alabama mr trump we are proud of our state

Puppet.
too bad u can't run around the country everyday for the next 4 years thanking the crowds and stay out of the White House
I wish I could have been there! Thank you Donald!
This shows how much you're wanted. Much more than you imagined A proof of this is me here in Brazil.
Pics or it didn't happen.
and they  said the newly coined Puerto Ricans in Orlando wouldn't stand behind Trump! Everybody loves a winner!
do one rally in Mumbai too.. India loves u . let us meet over tea.
massive, real BIG, huuuuge!  our country was attacked by russia and you're on a thank you tour?  super sad day for america!
http://ln.is/www.local10.com/news/6gVJd …
Good luck to you, sir.
Dear @POTUS Elect:  An Idea 

Instead of doing rallies maybe try:
 Reading Intelligence Briefings
 Learn Foreign Policy
@realDonaldTrump
I heard there was lots of grumbling about how you've betrayed the common folks, Don.  Lots of crumbling.  HUGE grumbling!
be safe, cant wait for the inauguration to be over and have you ensconced in Whitehouse.
came to see you, fell on concrete hit back of my head,but  I stayed to support you in Orlando tx rally. country loves you
, your victory tour, so self-obsessed. Perhaps u could pivot, act presidential, and attempt to unite America instead.
Not president yet, president elect. Not president until he assumes office after the oath.
Thank you Mr President. 
So happy to see a President standing up for America instead of against America.
I Pray every night that God keeps you safe from these ELITES.  They will try to take you out like they did Regan.
- Back to playing God, huh? Moral judge of
lying & dishonesty of media that just MIGHT have been mistaken? Get psych help!
Donald Trump greatest man n my life time.
#PermanentCampaign for our glorious leader! May his spray tan remain golden! May his delusions remain paranoid!
If the rallies are over, what will you do now to annoy the majority of the US people?
You had as few hundred rabid followers. Nothing to brag about, clown. #releaseyourreturns #NeverMyPresident
love your Fuck (thank) you crowd massive indeed!
Can black people attend or will they be barred as protesters?
Alabama loves you President Trump
glad you're taking time to do this.  Reallllyyyy important. It unpresidented. You know an iPhone would have corrected that
you do realize this job is not a popularity contest, right?
Azzzzzzbama!!,,,,,,,,,,, Lol

:-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) * * * * * * *
So wonderful that you took time to do these tours.
thank God its the last one and we won't have to listen to your bullshit for a few weeks.
how many is massive?  is that bigger than huge?
You LOVE the attention, don't you? Pathetic p.o.s.
last rally .  Say it ain't so
thank god it will be ur last! Can u promise us that? Wouldn't really matter becuz u never keep ur promises. #crookedTrump
HOW ABOUT MANUFACTURE & LEAVE JOBS IN AMERICA?  YOU & IVANKA CAN START BY BRINGING JOBS BACK & NOT BEING HYPOCRITES!
I notice your "victory" rallies are interfering with your transition. Get to work you lazy bum.
how you focus on something important beyond yourself and all of your lies?
come to Tampa next! #Trumptrain
HILLIARY WON POPULAR VOTE!! HILLARY WON POPULAR VOTE!!! U LOST!! U LOST!! RESIGN NOW PERVERT! WE DON'T WANT U! GO AWAY! BOO
ALL WHITE CROWD,NO CROSSE$ BURNED or lynchings needed. YUGE Arian presence Herr Drumpf beaming.
Uhm,  now that your victory laugh is over ya may want to do those national security briefings...I heard Presidents do that.
And by massive, you mean 1/3 full?
it was a long wait but we'll worth it. Thank you Donald Trump.
saving the best rally in Mobile for last. Wish I was there.
when they go high, we go low
I can't go any higher.
Thank you for your service, your hard work and may God bless you and keep you safe. MAGA
and heard still dividing the country
ReDux-again, here are but *some* of my past "tips" 2 help U Make America Great Again for HigherEd http://www.GordonWAYNEWatts.com/tips 
I was there in Orlando sir and You were AMAZING, like always. #I♡MyPresidentTrump
U ar now D next POTUS so u will have d whole nation listening so stop D monologue @AriseTVAmerica @nytimes @HispanicCaucus
increadibly WRONG! Liar!
"...JUST KIDDING!"
Hard working Americans Thank You ! Thank you FLORIDA!
go!!!!! Trump! Thank you for being our president
soo what are you doing for this country!!
try going to Miami they hate you there!
Drove by & thought it was over cause I saw 100s leaving but then heard u still talking from across the street.
ugh you gonna spend the next 4 years running around pounding your chest at thank you rallies?
more lies
Strongest forces of all USA and USSR
When will you start the unification tour to states you lost?
Wrong. Terrible. Sad.
GET RID OF RI OS. MARK LEVIN , MIKE SAVAGE IS SPEAKING.
YOU HAVE BEEN SO KIND WITH YOUR "THANK YOU RALLY" ME. TRUMP

it was fantastic and i never had a doubt you will be the peoples president who in recent history toured to say thank you?
why stop there. Nü
we love you in Miami too. 
Bring your rally to Cali! I'm sure we'll run you out of the state! Matter of fact just stay the hell out!
You need glasses. Venue was not even half full.
When are you coming to NY?#LYINGTRUMP
No more rallies?  Hitler kept having rallies for years after he was in office.  Perhaps he was more of a man than you.
....take a good vacation after that Mr. Trump, ....we need you fresh and ready for you've done an historic effort so far...
The beaches are littered with Florida voters.
@LouDobbs Trump how about comming to Ca. There's a lot of people who voted for you here.
#uh..50people?
Cheeto, was it massive ? Yuge? Or Bigly?

glad to hear "last rally" Time to start dealing with being 45th president.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/who-needs-to-get-over-trumps-victory-trump/2016/12/16/e30c17e0-c3c1-11e6-9a51-cd56ea1c2bb7_story.html?hpid=hp_no-name_opinion-card-d%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&utm_term=.199b10a6c701 …
Dont Ride on two boats.
stop benefits to illegals ,work for welfare if not disabled,lower health insurance cost,Merry Christmas  God Bless America
Last? Now what will you do to hear the roar you need to feed your ego????
AOL News just reported PE TRUMP accused suppoters in ORL of being Vicious & Violent. I was there, his TONE was sarcastic...
Trying to figure what is more important. Receiving classified situational briefings, or having a self serving rally?
was the type of kid to say time out when he was cornered in hide & seek.
