LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
until 2027 then taxes go up. But your rich friends will get richer while he average guys stays where he is. Hanks for nothing. You are worthless.
LIAR!
Just for u, do look at her when u go to your wifey
All u do is f$#king lie

lies lies,more lies... from most HATED President in American history!
Your next book should be titled "I lied bigly, so what?!"
So how much money are you going to need? You're just going to die soon.
You crooked POS
Beating dead horse?  Middle class is dead.  U know what 2 do: Tweet "I'm bringing back gold and silver per US Constitution"
Trump can't lower taxes if he's going to war in the Mid-East and Korea.
you said that tell us how  like really not the same taLking point over and iver agakn
@LodiSilverado That's why we're still w/you! Stay on issues.We don't believe lies from women groping scandal #AmericaFirst
you're tax plan will raise the national debt AT LEAST 9.3 trillion in 10 years.
shut up nick

bigly
Cough, cough. Emails. Cough Cough. Benghazi.
what does that have to do with the tweet you replied to?
Bigly or "America is Great because America is Good" Is that the best reason why we are great that she could come up with?

what does that have to do with the tweet you replied to?
Same argument over and over. Nice.
Thank you so much for saying what my heart is feeling. Every day I think I can't feel more hate for him but somehow I do.
liar
.@realDonaldTrump @jkaccinni WAIT, IS THIS WHAT HE MEANT TO SAY WHEN HE SAID “BIGLY”?  #BigLeague #Dumbass
Great tweet
GO AFTER HER
You must be talking to the 1%.  It's a shame how stupid you think Americans are. #Add5TrillionToTheDeficitUnderTrump
And he is spinning in his grave every time you mention his name. Have never seen such a liar. You even deny your own lies.
You create more FAILED Trickle Down. Making Very rich, richer. Lowering taxes on billionaire and eliminate estate tax 4 you
We'll see.
Every time I see a mobile tweet from .@realDonaldTrump, all I can think about is his dirty little hand on that phone. #grabem #trump
. Unle6 you consider  you friends  middle class, you r a liar
like hell you are!
What do u care? You don't pay taxes anyhow

how you gonna convince congress of that, champ
bigly as i snort
specifics about your child care plan, Specifics on "how" you are going to bring jobs back = lower crimes in inner cities
How will you balance that? Wait, let me guess. Cuts to education and services for the poor. #makeamericahateagain
fact-checked as a untruth.
LIES. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.yahoo.com/amphtml/finance/news/1-percenters-would-save-215000-per-year-under-trumps-tax-plan-165539178.html …
By 'you', I guess you're speaking to those Americans who make more than $250K, as that yes, she may raise THEIR taxes
Quit saying BIG LEAGUE!!
It's nice that all you need to do is lie to your followers to feel like you're making advances.
U haven't and won't do anything except help yourself and others like U get richer. Oh, and avoid paying taxes too!
WRONG
You're lying Donald!  U know your plan puts more money in ur pocket!  U care only about yourself.   Be honest, get out ok.
only your ignorant, misinformed, and brainwashed base believes this.
Maybe, but even MORE SO for people like you.

Do the right thing for the people show us your TAX returns and maybe some fence sitters would fall your way!!!
get the IRS off every one's back so we can build small business without FEAR,
How can we rebuild the military if we lower taxes on rich corporations? will you cut medicare or social security ?
Is going to cut Taxes for the WEALTHY BIGLY believes they will then send money downward NOT GOING TO HAPPEN
he public doesn't care about DJT's taxes! We are much more worried about our own taxes and our own tax returns.
no...you are lowering you and your friends taxes.
...and then the revenue will come from where?
Mr trump ignore the rhinos.focus on her emails show her true colors. Stay on issue also
Liar. All analysis shows Hillary will cut taxes for the middle class, you will raise them so you can taxes for the rich.
This is a lie & you know it. Also, you said bigly. Big League doesn't make any sense.
LYIN ASS TRUMP!!
have you actually run the numbers?  Give us some facts.
you mean only for your rich friends and yourself! At COST of economic downfall
with those fake bababoohey style choppers in your head , it sounds like "bigly"
your my hero
@hankpannell CNN spinning your radio interview in 1992 about mike Tyson rape
WANT FLORIDA ON YOUR SIDE,  Stop the tax on Social Security.
what a Lyin con.. You lyn conman
if u r rich!!!! If u r middle class or poor its the opposite. Again #factsmatter
Buzzer... wrong again! I have read your plan and you are raising my taxes and lowering yours! I'm not this stupid!!!
balance the budget and lowering taxes is OK.
Taxes need to be raised on the rich and middle class
go to fact checker only wealthy will experience big league cuts. Can u explain "broad shouldered "?
More lies. Big League? What, are you six years old? Or just old?
another Tramp lie....this guy just doesn't get it, you are done !!!
you're a sexual predator and she has been fighting for women and children.
See my tweets Donald "Like you, I am NOT presidential", that's why I would beat you into the ground if I could debate you.
How about some actual plans?
I thought you said bigly, now it makes sense
You have no idea what you are talking about. You are a fraud and a charlatan. You make America ashamed.
actually, the biggest tax cut, nearly by half, goes to people like you. Middle class will see increases.
pay your taxes first!!!
Hillary Clinton is so greedy, lust in power, fame & money. So what she's doing by hook or by crook to win as president.
You go Mr. Trump make America Great we will help you do this very Thing we need u Man
liar
you have mental problems.
Trump u bring the fire back into our hearts. Freedom will always have to be fought for. America is worth fighting for.
You aren't lowering anything except the opinions of this country. You are a true wrecking ball that swings on a short chain
bologna
@CNNPolitics How are you going to cut taxes and help the poor
How about eliminating Capital Gains Tax. The Capital gains is my retirement. Its a rigged system.
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! WE HAVE NO REASON TO NOT BELIEVE HIM!  HILLARY HAS PROVED TO ALL AMERICANS SHE CANT BE TRUSTED!
Big league tax cut for me doesn't mean shit. Whoa $300 back! You get millions!
and raising national debt BIG LEAGUE 
Sure you are. That's just locker room talk.
?
@DoublePTX https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=CPxkHTyWjwI&feature=youtu.be …
TRAITOR TRUMP IS GOING TO CUT TAXES BIG LEAGUE FOR THE WEALTHY, HIMSELF, HIS KIDS, HIS BUDDIES.
.@realDonaldTrump did Warren Buffet lie or were you just guessing about his taxes?
More lies from orange boy.  Trump will raise your taxes, and make your job go away.  Hillary will loer your taxes.
- LIKE ALL of your ONCE-GOP Republican predecessors, you ARE lying & you WILL / WOULD increase taxes. "No more new taxes"??
With all your tax cuts where you going to get the money to expand military?
ARE "low" working class in this bracket? YOUR QUOTE" She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!"
Scott Allen who WAS antiTrump says he chngd mind whn did the math. W/Clinton+deathtax he'll keep 25cnts of evry dollr earnd
but please also cut government and much of the spending too
LOL!!! you need to see a shrink with a prescription pad, followed by a pharmacy.
PROVE IT!  All you have done so far is spout more ignorance & rhetoric.  You're all talk.  We are not a reality TV audience
and apparently you're NOT paying any taxes
liar
Not "bigly"
wrong
um no.  Not what your plan will do.  Get a clue
wtf is big league? Everyone thought it was bigly....??
Liar!
Tax cuts for the middle class or tax cuts for the rich and hope they give us money?
Why are you hiding your taxes from America?
Google separation of powers moron.

I'm pretty sure you said bigly, not big league. But cute cover-up.
lowering taxes for the rich, and you know their greedy asses will have it all in their pockets. It wont be trickling.
I wonder if when Donald Trump becomes president if he will not text as many tweets! 
U should say Clinton selling uranium to Russia.When she brags how good Bill did remind 6 of 8 yrs t gopcontrol congress
HOW?......All talk shady trump
When you become President fire that sanctimonious asshole Paul Ryan. Bring unity back to the party and get a new speaker..
You were down 20-7 and you scored 100 touchdowns in 90 minutes.
DT you are lying.  You said you were going to cut taxes on the rich, like Reagan.  Now its the middle class?
Ahh...u've discovered that "Bigly" isn't a word, & now u're trying to pass off Big League as your word. Nice try.
Your only lowering taxes for your rich associates.I would say buddies but I doubt you have any
And how exactly will you do that?  Sorry, but all I hear are crickets. #liar #conman #hatemonger #hypocrite
@acarlo2706 Thank you 
Fact Check: False
I never realized that folks in the 1% were middle class.
you already don't pay taxes. How much lower can they go?
How about you pay your taxes before you to changing other peoples taxes?  Show your taxes.
.@realDonaldTrump I guess you think middle class is $250k. Newsflash that's upper class income #Debate #Election2016 @HillaryClinton @AC360
big league your new catch phrase genius? doesn't make sense in that sentence ya dope. bigly grammar mistake
@WarrenBuffett Buffett Scolds Trump on Taxes, Discloses 2015 Return Data http://bloom.bg/2e0tdLS 
Mr Trump, please cut out the phrase "big league" ..from your speeches.

Speaking of taxes, Hillary...."the Clintons had gone so far as to deduct $2 for underwear donated to charities"
-- NY Times
You are going to help the rich again. Do not keep lying to us. We are not stupid and do our research.
We don't need lower taxes. We need higher wages. And everyone pays their fair share.
More bullshit from the BS master.
You are going to increase the national debt by 5 Trillion...sure cut taxes on the middle classs, and raise them on the 1%
PGrabbing Liar-tax plan helps you-plus estate tax saves you 6 billion dollars - 90 of American don't have an estate to tax
Bingo
I really hope you do.
WHY? Hi middleclass- Make one billion debt-and you never again pay taxes!
@USAneedsTRUMP NO MORE CLINTON'S
Sugg: when ? about tax ded youve taken, pose ? How many ppl dont take ded allowed by US taxcode? What kinda bus man wouldnt
.   Wrong.
CBO study show largest cuts go to top 1%r's . Prove you're not a fraud and show your taxes.
right
And if anyone believes that, he has a Wall he's planning to sell you. And sign up for his Trump Network News Nov. 9
I think you meant "bigly."
4 bankruptcies. 4 wives. 40 years abusing young women. Your are an old creep.
Watch out, the incredible Orange Hulk is sniffing again! He's going to burst out of his suit!
please explain to people that reducing taxes JOBS will come back!! Some peole dont understand how i works.
rich dad poor dad America #Trump
Big League???
bullshit!!!
wrong, wrong! Taxes are going to be raised on ppl like you who don't pay taxes.
#crookedbigfatliar
loi Trump thats a lie if u low tax of d rich it will lower IGR & now push for tax increase later auto. u will increas tax
You don't pay taxes. I paid your share. You can lower mine by paying up.
ever fact check i read said this is false
