vote blue
You're not welcome in America. You don't love this country
Hillary  all the way,
Tell me why I should vote for Hillary? I assume you don't mean all the way 2 prison.
I'll tell you why... Porque si no votas te vas a@México maricon.
Yeah I'm not gay but either way that's the point- you don't belong in America
Don't worry Donny you will be going on vacation soon. Three more weeks and you can play golf all day long every day. Loser.
Take that picture down. Youre a disgrace to anyone in uniform
that picture happens to be my nephew who fought and died for this country in the Iraq war you low life.
Yeah, thats why I said take it down. You disrespect his sacrifice.
yea and he didn't die for assholes like you either. Hillbilly.
He died for God & Country. Not the Globe, Abortions, Illegals, Chi-Na, Criminals etc.
he died defending our freedom of democracy. Not for an idiot that knows nothing about our constitution. Trump is very ignorant.
Hes fighting for our individual freedoms not Hillary.
Keep watching the main stream media Prayut , let them think for you, x
...u must stop listening to MSM presenting themselves as 13y/o girls...you have much to learn padawan, x
you heard, that's even better, keep with the Chinese whispers...they never lie, best, x
Keep talking about CHANGE 
CORRUPTION 
$20000 Hammers Congress buys
Ridiculous spending 
Down sizing government
Rewards for Whistle Blowers
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
My wife is freaking out after hearing about the Texas voting machines! We mailed in our ballots, who is in charge of that??
definitely gonna vote Donald but not for you. Thx for draining the swamp by destroying the down ballot.
@realDonaldTrjmp you have no idea how the Republican party is using you as their scapegoat do you? How pathetic are you!
I received an unsolicited text on my cell. I'm not a registered Democrat. I live in DC now. 813-579-6591 os the number sent
There is a special place in hell for the Clinton's
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
room full of uneducated hacks. .. horrible to think this is the best you can do
my vote is in for you and I can relax a little.
..We in Texas love you...Praying for you to have a peaceful entry into Whitehouse.
#makeAmericastrongagain
@Darren32895836 Trump is a bully
PLEASE and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
you're going to lose hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
How do you know hahahahahahahahahahahhahaha
Thank you to the white crowd of supporters in Newton. There, fixed it for you!
better look again troll, all races,creeds, colors and weren't paid to be there,  unlike Killary
troll? Says the fool w an egg for an avatar and 108 followers. Back under your bridge.
typical liberal, no substance, just name calling
< says the guy who called me troll. @realDonaldTrump
or get out of the country (if you are intending to vote Trump)
R U from one of the Arab countries lavisting HRC w $$ I thought so.
Your powerful words make me fold into the fetal position. Your disapproval has crushed me...
so says the foreign neo-Nazi
No no no.  He is just a race realist.  The all new neo-Nazi buzzword.  I am right Jason?
Jason is not even from the USA
was your mom Eva Braun?

I see why you are so successful. You write with depth, charm and the thought of a HRC Supporter.
So, they've hidden it well. HRC supporters I read are scatalogical, lewd and vulgar in their observations.
Was that the first story you wrote in your creative writing class? Ha ha ha.
2 parrots f'ing is glossed over because of ur creepery
there all  ignorant Helen & your right there's nothing except a ton of education that can help ignorance
I must really love you Trump I have been working on Hillary supporters all day. I'm ready to beat my head on a wall.
post videos of your supporters at your ralleys.
Now the HRC have their trolls out saying that your crowds don't mean votes & Hillary's empty gyms do! smh #MAGA
Newtown, we love you!! Trump/Pence 2016

what those pics don't show is the other 10,000 people outside trying to get in to support you also!! #gotrump
because the Republicans deserted their own we might have to put up with Hillary. Omg vote Trump.
I voted straight Democrat except for the president. I decided to do that when the Rep. party deserted their candidate.
if the Republican party had gotten behind their candidate they might have won this election hands down.
I'm a Democrat and I am going to vote for Trump. I think it is a shame that the Republican party has deserted their own.
what is this about or guys giving up their bonuses for the immigrants for foidstamps
I'm waiting to see Ryan's and Romney's faces when we win this thing.
keep talking about Term Limits & Late term abortions...
gee, the conman is losing, shocking.. 

http://interactive.nydailynews.com/2016/10/daily-news-editorial-bury-trump-in-landslide/ …
Hillary wants to stop the coal mkt
wish you could fire Hillarys.entire Staff stop them all from getting. White House
oops are Trumps Rally's where I can buy the MAGA from the army for a military museum cause the MAGA is a military gear
so when is the latest Manga coming out at Trump's Rally's
. another Wasted trip.
you have to stop bringing up the allegations. Your only shooting yourself in the foot. #policymatters

@GODFAITHINYOU be sure to re-check your ballot to make sure it says Trump.
@MsBlaireWhite  @DonaldJTrumpJr Hillary has been running SHADY ads on the radio in Pennsylvania.   She is DISHONEST #MAGA
Amazing PA rallies!  We LOVE you! This will go down in history as the REVOLUTION of 2016! #MAGA #WomenForTrump

Trump accuser #RachelCrooks gets called out for lying by a friend on Facebook. #WomenWhoVoteTrump http://gotnews.com/busted-nytimes-trump-accuser-rachelcrooks-lying-according-family-friend/ …

8 days LATER
WOMEN SPEAK

"MUCH more offended…
@SheriffClarke Go TRUMP
http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/03/19/muslim-vet-booted-trump-rally-told-get-job-guess-living/ …
why are there only white people in your audiences? There are many more about the voting for Hillary then around for you
suggest include free university education for all us citizen students instead of donating huge $ to other countries
dear leader, I will make sure to vote 4 times
I am American 1st..Republican 2nd. Voter fraud being covered up by ANYONE is tantamount to TREASON & we wont tolerate it.
thank you for inviting Donald John M to the Wash U debate after the letter he wrote to you. He is your biggest fan ever!!
: Awesome! Go Trump!
simple  All Trump supporters should call their Congressperson and ask is they will vote for Trump's term limits. Go ahead!
#racist
You should use the hashtag #MAHA..because you are promoting HATE. #SoreLoser
too little to late and still too much vitriolic talk.  It is obvious you can not control yourself.  Political career over
you americans wake up you want change but scared  who is who's not well you've seen the past happy or go and do different
Thanks to you Mr. Trump, I voted Democrat for President.
There is no miracle for you
I'm  incredibly  proud of you,, and even more thankful for you. May God Bless You Always.
oh pepe, there's a different Newtown you should visit, but probably won't.
Terrible teleprompter reader..you can't even look at people for a few seconds..always reading.look to Clinton how it's done
#DraintheTrump

right...listen to racist rapist Trump...get out and vote on Nov 28th...remember...vote on Nov 28th



Why does this sound familiar? 
SUPPORTERS VOTING LANDSLIDE GOP VICTORY NOV8 PRES TRUMP

Crowds are amazing! My whole family is voting on the 24th (1st day of early voting here) for #TrumpPence16
looooooooooooser
no wait till 11/28 oh that is your trial date for fraud
We the People WILL Speak Up, Stand Up, Take this Country Back! 
http://www.cafepress.com/politicallynot/13429665 …
she has a better than 95 percent chance of winning. The likely outcome would be 326 votes for Clinton to 212 for Trump.
CLINTON WANTS TO BE IN CHARGE OF OUR GOVERNMENT YET CANNOT EVEN CONTROL HER OWN CHEATING PARTY
GEORGE SOROS RIGGED THE VOTING MACHINES FOR OBAMA TWICE AND  FOR CLINTON UNLESS YOU STOP HIM.
Anyone who votes 4 @realDonaldTrump is sick, very sick, this "Donut" has respect for only three persons "he ,himself & crump"
.Retired&hard-working Pennsylvanians are busting out of th shackles of Dem HIGH TAXES&TOO MANY REGULATIONS&NO JOBS! TRUMP
love you Donald, Mr President!!
um, you want to put the Navy in Pennsylvania? Consider buying a map first.

WRONG
love Trump Phill deplorable.
Right near #WashingtonsCrossing.
I was there.  1000's couldn't get in. There were 10K ticket requests!  Great night. Lots of young people. 3rd rally of day
Looking forward to Monday in Tampa, Fl #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
It's so disheartening to see the misguided & damaged being drawn to this dishonest, amoral candidate.
Totally Amazing. A movement, it is.
Make a campaign stop in Westmoreland County Pennsylvania?
... I live in Bucks Cty, PA and I will be voting for Donald J Trump on Nov. 8th.
all http://for.ya.brother 
loser!
@SheriffClarke this man will be one of our greatest Presidents
I'm in Philadelphia  and I'm voting for you Mr. TRUMP!!
Toronto trump & Vancouver trump are removing the trump signs. little Donny cant even run a hotel.
MORE BULLSHIT AND LIES FROM TEAM RUSSIA 
YOUR SUCH A LOSER
too many sorry troll, so how much is Killary paying you
GOTRUMP PENCE
AMERICA IS COUNTING ON YOU
@psmccusker 
Trum Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump 
USA USA USA USA USA USA 
USA USA USA USA USA USA

Donald, we voted  Friday! Long lines like I've never seen before for early voting! We are ready to drain the swamp!!!
There are no enough old white people to put you in office.
Here they are! According to Clintons  the "old, gray haired, white, miserable, etc, etc." Trump votes
People we have got to go vote for Mr Trump our country and our children depends on us stop the corruption please vote Trump
Newton, CT is voting for her and against the NRA!
your crowds are all smoke and mirrors....illusions. You're losing bc you're a LOSER!

Got to be a better word worse than Deplorable to describe your followers. Something evil about Evangelicals supporting you!
8 nov history should b change trump will b winner
a crowd don't mean you won,they come to see and hear the circus performance you will do,your a stand up comedy show
Delusional Don pushing conspiracy theories to his base. Will come in second in two person race.
@Security1994 Do you love god and rapists? LOL
come to Souderton PA
I lived in Newtown for 40 yrs. Twining Bridge Rd across from Tyler park. Wish I was there to see Trump next President.
is a rockstar. #TheMovement
vote early if you can
I will vote! For Hillary...
yeah vote for Hillary
Congratulations Go Trump save America keep fighting
don't we are we're going to vote for HILARY
118 is your day, Sir. Keep pushing forwad
We have homeless sitting in their urine, feces,shooting up, needles,condoms,public sex,eating out of trash. Epidemic!Help!
not supporter. Not votes. Just curiosity seekers. Like going to the circus.
BACK OF CROWD AT RALLY. numbers WAY DOWN!
all fake
my WWII father, 93, voting Republican for the first time in his life!
PA loves trump new polls show trump in lead in PA voters have realized #crookedh is a fraud a socialist n a sicko
make sure absentee military votes from overseas get counted have missed them before
please talk about wikiLeaks&project veritas people nominate them for medal of freedom award .HRC doses not dispute facts
once again you are right. The place was packed. You would never know it just watching it on tv.
