someone is hacking the audio of your rally right now in FL
you are lising
I thought only real Americans could run for presidency, @REALDonaldTrump, why are they letting someone from

No idea.
#TweetsFromDrafts
Hey boy can't wait till the day they get your ass out the the white house you are a grown man with the mind of a 6 year old
stop signing b.s. documents and give the working class jobs
im one of your biggest supporters who woluld of loved to go to one of your rellays but to far away sorry could not
"Now we have to win" sounds like you are responsible. You're more #transparent than you know.
Hillarys super predator comment put law bidding black citizens in danger of wrongful profiling
with you all the way
You probably don't know this-- at your rally in Tallahassee, cars were backed up 5 miles after gates were closed.
Another twitter meltdown is just a minute away.
"@realDonaldTrump: ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA...will never forget..." Did you set the fire? #JustAskin' #OrangeCounty
If you react violent, you are responsable for your own actions.
So...did you offer any support to help them rebuild? Because, the left had.http://qz.com/810771/a-democrat-led-crowdfunding-campaign-raised-13000-to-rebuild-the-bombed-gop-office-in-north-carolina/ …
Who shows up 2 offices w/ guns? Not libs. This was orchestrated by a Rep 2 get u 2 think libs are evil. Good try.
Donald, Hillary was cheating!  Her podium had a teleprompter on it!  I hope you see this!!
they should have fired bombed Trump Tower with your whole family in it, death to Hitler, Putin and you
always pray for you and your family. Jim Gibson is a good friend of ours! God Bless you!
you are orange county.  oops, put an o in there by mistake
bet u fit well in Orange County
I know democrats raised over $13,000 to help out to rebuild. How much have you donated?
Use obumas own campaign!!!
WAY TO GO  !!!!
@CNN obviously an inside job - SAD.
we are 100 % behind you. We are the movement, you are the voice. #MAGA
Please tell the voters! Everyone needs to vote! If we say it's rigged! Nobody votes for you either!
DON, STOP TALKING ABOUT YOURSELF. IT'S CHILDISH & SEEMS OUT OF CONTROL. MUCH BETTER TO BLOW RASPBERRIES & PIVOT 2 BENGHAZI
http://www.ifyouonlynews.com/news/in-less-than-4-hours-democrats-completely-crowdfund-rebuilding-of-firebombed-nc-gop-office/ …
why is Obama the erection while Senator on airplane not being viewed on the news
why is Obama's video of on the airplane with erection showing to his co-workers not being viewed on the news
dangerous field U are walking into!  Glad to hear it. Heed the warning and b safe!  Nobody should b harmd 4 politics
don't forget to thank the #DEMS that helped raise money for that office. Hmmmmm
HOW MUCH DID THAT DIVERSION COST YOU? you DEPLORABLE SKUNK
if trump is president America will be a shitty place . I'm going to Canada if he president
you coming to H-town big Don?
don't forget to thank the democrats for fixing your shit show.
Be ready to list all the Democrat violence this year.
and we are proud of you Trump you were the last man standing in the primaries! You're  the Great!
well, you are orange.
So are we here in 
Canada. God be with you. Always.
Again!!!! @GregGutfeldShow @LouisFarrakhan @JudgeJeanine @Pontifex @Pontifex_es @DalaiLama @DiamondandSilk @RepHastingsFL
time to ridge yurs
.. supporting trump-pence campaign 2016 , trump and pence campaign 2016 needs landside 4 all states asap....
Yes,  it's all safe in North Carolina.  For Hillary!
did you get fake tanned so you can show support for Orange County?
you mean the office the dems crowdfunded to rebuild while you didn't send a dime? The one they stashed ballots at?
Your losing in #NC. But I'm sure ORANGE county will support you. How many orange presidential candidates are there?
Easy Orange County, North Carolina. With you all the way, do not forget. But for us to win. Glory to God in all things! @N
can you say "False Flag"? I'm only speculating, but so are many others. Either way it's horrible.
Speaking of orange, how's your face?
we will beat the rigged system mister&master Trump! Boring Broadway just like crooked Hillary.its a cancer of her!!
what is this Broadway for Clinton about ? Yuck that's how she thinks she can get better polls than us .
Due to safety concerns at polls, we should have local sheriff's check ID's before people get within 100 yards of one
https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/786621209211441152 …
Hope you don't win.... looser
you go girls Go go Trump
kick  butt Donald give her heck on the issues !
This should show everyone how things will be if Hillary is allowed to take office. More of this with likely no punishment
Orange, like your (bad) hair. No wonder you feel solidarity.
North Carolina, vote and show people we are not the party that produces hate.What about Hillary's party?
http://usuncut.com/news/trump-supporter-openly-threatens-kill-hillary-clinton-shes-elected-video/ …
@mike_pence Theme:We need your vote to take back the White House to represent ALL Americans - not the Clinton Cartel
I'm proud of you Mr. Trump! Keep up the fight! With you all the way to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.!
like you care. You only went there because you thought you could get a touch-up on your tan. 
#OrangeIsForLosers
God, place Angel Armies strategically around Trump, his family, Pence, all others on camp trl and all supporters. 

lets have some fun with Hillary Clinton Twitter profile Twitter bomb at 8 pm include WikiLeaks and the new video by O'Keefe
ORANGE county!? You must feel at home!
The "animals representing Hillary," have raised over $10,000 to rebuild the GOP office.
Wikileaks is key pound away Trump
be extra Vigilantes on absentee ballots for voters fraud
Glad no one was hurt but do you think it was intentional that they chose a county the same color as Trump? #Irony
my son who is a college student as been at the Orange County,NC office volunteering all day because he believes in You!!

Hillary transferred $ 1.8 billion to country less than 12 hours ago. Bonnie & Clyde of politics headed for Qatar.  https://theinternationalreporter.org/2016/10/17/hillary-clintons-sudden-move-of-1-8-billion-to-qatar-central-bank-stuns-financial-world/ …
Vote Trump
Huntington Beach won't be bought by the Clintons! We need you Trump
how about sending some funds 2 help them, The dems dId!!!!! U know the guys U accused of burning it
SendingFunds2help them=a great idea,SGT Bat! ALL Rs=Help that office! Hopefully demRATS won't burn itAgain!
seriously they have a gofund me acct the NCGOP.
I saw postings on millenials. They seem to be wit you...Go Trump
We're proud of you @realDonaldTrump !
#NEVERtrump @WSJ @NYT @CNN @ABC I'm willing to bet the dRumpftster did it itself to get attention @HillaryClinton

Glad all r safe early voting in Ga long lines ppl talking abt dead ppl voting of course 4 dems
http://youtu.be/5IuJGHuIkzY 
Win!!!!
why did you fire bomb your own campaign site. Are you really running out of ideals, you knew there was nobody there.
I feel like this win is for you, not us
I hate you.
Hillary still has to be put away  either before or after she can never be under rated for what she is and stands for
How much did you donate to help them rebuild?http://qz.com/810771/a-democrat-led-crowdfunding-campaign-raised-13000-to-rebuild-the-bombed-gop-office-in-north-carolina/ …
@temptation321 @realDonaldTrump @NCGOP You are the one that promotes Violence don't be blaming this on the Democrats!! You sick loser
do u even know how to start a prayer
LAST Debate, via wikileaks USE Hillary's own words against her. TALK jobs, immigration, economy. Don't be baited!.
was probably a GOP supporter trying to frame Dems to stir up their voter base against them.
I've heard of groupies with Trump we have groupies
that's groupies
Shameful behavior and we are called "deplorable'? #TrumpPence2016
it was probably your own dumbass supporters
PLEASE stand up and tell the public that violence isn't ok it's not part of the process of an election #SaveAmerica
Or is Melania going to have you put in a nursing home due to your delusions?
What are your plans Donald after you lose the election? Are you going to go back to your declining businesses?
With all her baggage, anyone else would never have had the guts or class to even try. But she thinks she deservesit
Republicans should be telling HC she should have stepped out of the race! If she had any class she would have!
Just dumb it down for awhile please! ! Enough with the rigging it, we heard you a thousand times!
Class, you are supposed to have class at all times! Can't take the vulgarity. I'm still voting for you.
ENOUGH TWEETING MR.TRUMP. IT'S TOO MUCH. It's like you are Lucy from the Peanuts cartoon!
it's not always about YOU Pumpkin Head. Too late, Hillary had already messaged them. http://newcenturytimes.com/2016/10/17/nc-gop-messages-hillary-after-firebombing-trump-stunned-tweets/ …
#OperationFalseFlag
U blew it up assh@le
I know as to how to win even if I have to Kill. Bravo
Glad everyone is safe!!! Just horrible!!!
Come on OHIO, FLORIDA, Pensylvania, Texas, Arizona California! Get behind TRUMP, SAVE AMERICA, MAKE IT SHINE!
WOW they named a County after you and you aren't even pres yet
@BarberreeMike @NCGOP the Marxist leftist #libtards will not suppress us getting out to #VoteTrump just fires us up #MAGA
Glad everyone is safe. Was (mis) reported that completed absentee ballots were destroyed? These were samples? Huh?
THE LEFT IS FULL OF BILL AYERS TYPES THEY R TERRORISTS. WE WILL HUNT THEM DOWN IN NC THEY CANT HIDE
of course you wont forget since you orchestrated it to deflect from your #pedophile #rapist #molestation ways #GTFO
#NorthCarolina
The bombing was probably ordered by Trump's buddy Putin & carried out by extremist Trump supporters to make trouble
#MakeAmericaGropeAgain
How about a shout out to the dems that raised $13k to help?
This was a hoax by Trump supporters to gain sympathy. #NeverTrump
#HillaryHenchmen did it crybaby faux billionaire?!?
keep focused on the issues . Show America that you are not letting the lies get to you
stop tweeting shit already get on with issues and Hillarys corrupt deeds
"There's a script. There's a script of engagement. Sometimes the crazies bite, sometime they don't." @scottfoval :)
Trump you're going down you predictor!
action speak  louder then words choo choo action speak louder then words  choo  choo you haveto turn this around
thank you 4 ur kind words.  On Wednesday stay on message don't allow,anyone to deviate u from issues

FIREBOMBERS R THE REAL NAZIS, REPS ARE THE REAL PATRIOTS, DEMS SUPPRESS FREEDOMS AND RELIGION AS DID WW2 NAZIS
I knew the dems and #feloniousclinton were desperate but, this is beyond the pale!!!
Do you really believe H is getting ready for the debate bet she's in bed resting she is not well I think,strange.
when you call out to the Lord he will give you VICTORY!
the Lord was hated by His own People, call out to God and He the Lord will lift you on high..
Hey Orange County, It's your motherland! #OCSprayTans
◄ Isaiah 54:17 ►
 You will silence every voice raised up to accuse you. 

The people were judging you.

@CGOP  ◄ Isaiah 54:17 ►
But in that coming day no weapon turned against you will succeed.
the devil is a liar and he's trying very hard to crucify you by tearing your down character down...
yet your own campaign spews hate and starts riots lol
Why did you have mail in BALLOTS stashed there?  CHEATER. Just what some have asked
Democrats raised over $13000 to repair damage and get them back up and running.
All the way, Tennessee is for DJT!!!
Thank you democrats for being civil & helping the people in NC after some deplorable set the fire.
So, who did you #clowns pay to torch your own building? #arson #fraud #losers #DumpTrump
Trump is on track to win the Election.
A DESPERATE ATTEMPT FROM HISCAMPAIGN TO TAKEATTENTION AWAY SEXUAL ASSAULT VICTIMS BOMBED THEIR OWNOFFICE #NEVERtrump
your going to win, but get off the dam woman and speak to the Issues the American people care about

ORANGE COUNTRY?  Like your skin color? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
. C'mon Donnie. Admit this was an inside job by your boy Bannon. It screams of his stink
Bet your own team had something to do with this An amoral person has no boundaries or standards DROP OUT NOW SAD BAD
You Got to win!
HRC denounced the incident. That was her PUBLIC position.  Can we guess what her PRIVATE position is? Chronic lying
I just returned from N. C. Trump all over posters,and yard signs .   Not one Hillary did I see.
did you donate to rebuild?
I can see why @bill Clinton had to rape and molest women. Have you seen his wife?
we must buy more ammo.
WE ARE WINNING!!! 
this will only prove what you have been saying and we are behind you 100%
Are the ATF & FBI agencies looking into this hideous act? Go Donald!  North Carolina is with you!  <3
CRIMINALS, IUST LIKE CROOKED HILLARY AND OBUMMER! !
I can't wait for the investigation into "Firegate" finds this is a false flag by your own SS
