yeah we can make fun of trump all the time now,and he can't sue us lololololol
a tat tat in a hat on a cat with a bat
WAR ON CHRISTMAS
Don’t think much of the card you’ve been sending to those who voted for you.
May I have a small loan of a million dollars, daddy?
@AlexGilley15
Merry Christmas  to you and your family.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS Trumplethinskin! Can't wait to watch Baldwin mock u tonight! He will win an Emmy for it. Just wait! @nbcsnl @realDonaldTrump
How to  make Russia PAY for helping this useful idiot win? DISQUALIFY Trump & throw the book at him. #StopAndFriskTrump

.@realDonaldTrump Let's keep doing great things Mr. President. Let's have a great four years and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MerryChristmas
Dude, don't let Steve Bannon or Richard Spencer see you tweeting this. They might not think you're "pure" enough.
Firstly, Steve Bannon is not anti-Semitic and secondly, Spencer has absolutely nothing to do with Trump.
FALSE, @bdweav09 @JonBershad @realDonaldTrump
Prove it
OK, fuckwit: http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/11/richard-spencer-speech-npi/508379/ … @bdweav09 @JonBershad
http://mediamatters.org/blog/2016/11/13/white-nationalist-who-hates-jews-will-be-trumps-right-hand-man-white-house/214419 … @JonBershad
lol, this your proof? Breitbart is not an alt-right news org. Also, mental gymnastics in that article.

Merry Christmas to you and the rest of the Trump family!
I think on January 20 will be the beginning of the end in America
You're not supposed to light all eight candles until the last day. Or appoint Jew haters to positions of power.
oh you poor thing. I hope you will realize. ..
my brethren??
Why can't it be both? Lol
Hi Donald! Do you or any of your supporters know where I can get a mug for my liberal tears? Thank you!
sadistic freak
He's joking about all the "Liberal Tears" mug spam bots lol
DONALD is a sadistic freak  this guy 
Awe, are you triggered little deplorable? Run along to your safe space 
 Read your tweet and explain it to someone else.
AngryLeftShirt hates deplorables, was talking to someone else I think
Keep up the good fight,  You are winning!!!!!
Yes 4Sho  God Bless America 
finland will never be a muslim country. we will fight to the bitter end !
Finland Has a Message 4 the Islamic Migrants!Watch this Courageous Truthful Speech!Finnish people,We are Proud of You All! #stopradicalislam 
Funny hearing a #fascist say that. #Sad
this shouldn't be from you & Melania Trump. It should say from you & First Lady/ daughter you would date Ivanka Trump 
or would you rather it was from the murdering, perjuring, disingenuous Hillary and her rapist husband? @realDonaldTrump
I'm so anti Hillary, I think she's one of the most racist candidates. But it's about him & his incompetence 
his incompetence? Please explain. @realDonaldTrump
he ain't got a clue!
Owned. :) 
owned by what? Hillary is a criminal.
You better post how much your trips to Florida are.  MEDIA IS AGAIN SHOOTING YOU DOWN.
You better be fucking kidding me! I voted for you and you saidyou were a "good christians" and we dont support satanic jews
Wtf I hate trump now

he's building a wall not dismantling it
no wall fool. Drumpf lied to you. He's a con, just said that to get elected.
that's a really interesting opinion and all but you still have not given a source for your claim.
right out of his own mouth... no fake news scandal, just his own words. #trumpisafraud
FAKE JEWS!!
estamos juntos en todo boreas.
America loves you Donald!!!
*less than half of half of America. And many of them are having regrets already http://shop.spreadshirt.com/AngryLeft 
Didn't realise you were in on The War Against Christmas.
Anyone who thinks that there is a war against Christmas doesn't deserve the privilege of speaking in public.
You are special.
Says the guy who thinks there's a war on Christmas. By the way, how was your Christmas that you still had?
Wait a minute we hate Jews right? It's so confusing. Still okay to hate brown people? Like Jesus?
It's amazing how many people seem to think he was white the whole time.
ain't that the truth! But some of those people also have issues with facts!
ONCE EVERY HUNDRED YEAR BLOSSOM-FLOWER IS #TRUMP WONDER OF #USA IS #TRUMP GOD*BLESS #TRUMP #USA  #ISRAEL #JERUSALEM 
Happy #Hanukkah

Spicer not performing. Replace with Kellie Anne Connolly
Hey, this is like something a normal president would say!
Yeah, I'm sure that Israel is actively targeting the very first country to recognize its existence.
@pewdrdad   AWSOME thanks all we got from the president is him eating crush ice with his daughter in Hawaii Dint care?
I think he was too busy spending the past eight years fixing the damage that Bush caused.
Seems like he gave up fast was much more concern 4 Obama care lost both houses in the process
Gave up too fast? The guy who fixed the job market and greatly reduced the country's deficit?
did the ratings go from A+ to A-  new debts in trillions? I know CNN did not post that lol
JACKASS
Happy New Year President Trump to you and your Beautiful Family!!!
Happy Chaka-Kahn to you as well, Mr. Donald Jihadi Trump!
thank you. Best elected president ever.
GET THE FQ OUT HERE
News is you've made some of your supporters loose their tiny minds over this tweet. Ur next tweet should b u hate Nazi's.
this is just tooooo funny. #fakepresident
are you still keeping your promise of leaving alone social security and Medicare
where is happy Kwanzaa? #racism 

No but seriously...U are awfully racist 

And an embarrassment to our entire nation
that's the help. His rich white billionaire pals have the real power. Really "draining the swamp" yeah?! 
Don the Con!
Don't forget Eid is coming up 
Thanks for the acknowledgement !
Even if we don't call God Jesus
 A rose by any other name
Would smell just as sweet
SOOOO phony!!!
I love how stupid everyone is. We tweet what is relevant to the trump family only...screw everyone else! #itcanthappenhere
#Putinspuppet
my Hanukkah is sad because of you
@DiamondandSilk thank you. 
So why didn't Melanija wish us a Merry Christmas.  And why didn't Barron go to Christmas Mass?  Losing the war at home?
puppet.
@cia @fbi 
I think - your JEWISH  STAFFER- posted that tweet Yiu need to supervise your mobile from unauthorised use
Hanukkah is a legitimate celebration, unlike the Saturnalia that has no foundation in Christianity.
haha! Awesome!
I thought you made it safe to say Merry Christmas again. Now you are saying I have to be Jewish. WTF?

Screw your Jihad!!!
How dare you disrespect the Jewish community with your Menorah. Cheap insult. The Jews got your number!
Surely Obama echoes this sentiment. Just ask the United Nations! How could an American president do this to Israel?

I bet your Nazi & KKK friends don't like this.
you're disrespectful .

No Happy Festivus for the rest of us?
U R not a man. You R a fool. CIA needs to put U in handcuffs 4 tweeting US nuclear secrets. Why haven't they arrested u?
in spirit of Hanukkah, take back Jewish quarter & vindicate our Jerusalem #defundUN turn UN property in US into condos GO!
You couldn't get the lights right?

interesting you have many Jewish friends but you chose Bannon an antisemite.I think you only care about your self me meme
didnt they tell u that the 24th of december its #ChristmasEve?
MINDLESSLY-REPEATED MANTRA.  MINDLESSLY-REPEATED MANTRA.  MINDLESSLY-REPEATED MANTRA.

#FreedomConcert #boycottTrumpinauguration #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH @Rosie #trump
AAAAAAAAAAAAA


Says the guy with Jewish grandkids & white supremacists in his cabinet.
WAR ON CHRISTMAS
The only inoffensive thing you've tweeted and it blows up in your face. Does this tell you anything about your supporters?
Monica ??
History: The Hanukkah Story
Happy fuckoffukkah
Hey, trump, it was the first night of Chanukah, not the last, stop squishing it into one!
hanuka matata, the king lion song.

Oh and this one is from Melania because she is Jewish, correct? Barron is Jewish. How does Bannon feel about that?
Khag Sameahk. Mah Shalom Kah Adonai Trump.
thank you - can't wait for Jan 20
@jewthfairy
tell me how its only the third night of hanukkah and this bih already got his whole menorah up....I call bullshit
he probably got the pic from gewgle
it's actually called jewgle thanks for trying though(:
Deal with your alt-right, white-supremacist fan club and we can talk about Hanukkah.
So @realDonaldTrump tweeted Happy Hanukkah & Merry Christmas, but not Happy Kwanzaa? Now we know we have a President who has favorites.
Thank you for your support of Israel. Jews do love you.  So glad you are to be our president.
judíos asesinos de niños
thank you for supporting us Jewish folk. Shalom!
is this for votes!!!!
How about "wait until I'm in office, I'll have more flexibility" we haven't heard that one before lol
More brave Trump fans. 
#NazisForTrump
yes...
nice menorah pic you google imaged. If you google image Don Trump all you get is a pic of 5 Vienna sausages (i.e.  A hand)
Merry Christmas Mr.Trump, greetings from Powlin Manuel.
SO SAD
@transition2017 Not so much, Obama's not done hurting Israel: http://www.breitbart.com/jerusalem/2016/12/29/exclusive-palestinian-official-discussing-another-un-security-council-resolution-white-house/ …
Do you even know what Hanukkah is?
America First!
And yet you support anti-semitic people, and have some appointed to your cabinet. Hmmm...
Your good wishes are much appreciated. Please extend your leadership & quickly stop those hating your wishes to others.
Happy HOLIDAYS
and your minions are hating you for this. 
Thank you you will be great for Religious Liberty
@statedept 
I think - your JEWISH  STAFFER- posted that tweet Yiu need to supervise your mobile from unauthorised use
This is the holiday a Jewish soldier in Valley Forge INSPIRED Gen G. Washington to VICTORY

expects you to wish #EidMubarak too!  @realDonaldTrump
Tambah Follower Twitter / IG 1.000Follower 25Rb ATM / 30Rb Pulsa Minat? CV: 089672605007 ~ BM: 5823F295
ماذا يعني الرقم9للرئيس 
دونالد ترانب من يستطيع ان يجيب اذا امتنع الرئيس من الاجابه.
How long have you been hiding this from your campaign advisors?
merry Christ day. I hope u don't get a cramp undoing all of obummers BS exec orders. He is such a lying moron and muslim.
Hey Mr Trump
I hope u enjoyed that day
