@melanieusn1979 PLEASE TALK ABOUT ISSUES!
this is Twitter.  He has let us know who to count on! Him.
Losing faith! He has to get undecideds! He doesn't get it! His base won't win it, needs more
have u listened to his rallies, speeches... this was a tweet. It got the attention of GOP. I understand what u mean
The implosion of the party has me freaking out!Hillarys sheeple will vote her no matter what!
https://twitter.com/rsbnetwork/status/785640880086540290 …. party implosion is simply a snake shedding its bad skin. The elected are not party. We r.
Really awesome moment from tonight in Wilkes-Barre as @realDonaldTrump called a little boy look-alike up to the stage. #TrumpTrain #MAGA 
@RSBNetwork Saw that yesterday! Mini Donald
did you hear what he said at end?  @RSBNetwork http://www.politico.com/story/2016/10/priebus-declares-rnc-standing-behind-trump-229568?cmpid=sf ….
U r refing ELITE inner GOP Rep obviously. As in all things, there's scum @ bottom & top.  We must skim it off #GOPsabotage
Your "Apology" was BULLSHIT. Stop blaming other people for YOUR character defects. You Need Help! You & Hillary BOTH SUCK!
you've got a point.
@AZ_Susan Repubs suppose 2 be politicaly right. No balls, Dems don't give damn about PR. They go 4, the lungs, if needed.
Bernie isn't a democrat. He also wasn't cheated - never mind, u already know this. Just a talking point for u.
how the heck millions of more peeps voting for HRC than bernie translate to cheating. idiots.
Do you even know that Bernie Sanders is not a Democrat? So how was he "cheated" again?

#Resist
#TrumpRussia
#FakePresident
#MuellersAComin
Thats one reason im conservative and not Republican.
If Bernie had any integrity left in his limp body, he shuld endorse DT. However, I don't see that happenin cause he's weak.
I will  NEVER vote for another republican after this election! NEVER They are equally as corrupt as democrats. $ rules them
lying Donny you should of never switched parties and you could of knocked Hillary out!
.@realDonaldTrump Maybe that's bc dems have never had a candidate as unqualified as you.
@SpeakerRyan needs to step down and resign! Along with @Reince
your daughter is fit.
You're the gift that keeps on giving!!!
are those latinos the same thugs you want to lock up or just us blacks???
Democrat much?
You are down 15, think all minorities live in the city, and got caught admitting sexual assault. But its Paul Ryan's fault?
if Melania gained five pounds would that be grounds for divorce?
st least he loves "everyday Americans". Which emails show Hillary hates
Donald, if your party had extreme vetting, you'd never be the nominee.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
It's because the #RINO's are the Sleeper Cells for the #democrats.
Go nuclear on GOP! They deserve it!
You are 100% correct and this is why/how Democrats win alot.  
Time to say you are the anti-establishment candidate.repeat

those who want him dead all drawn heads blowed up Jesus has given him victory  forever.
I am been defended by the Almighty God not canal man I love what is good and right 15% tax good.
He is a man with fear of Heaven fear of God I saw him praying with groups of Pastors before vic

@NetworksManager Dems only know how to cheat, Mr. Trump.
Just like RINOs only know how to lose
Yes ma'am. They could have won 4 years ago, and we still ended up with Obama.
but we gave them the house/Senate & they never fought for us. They are so weak it hurts
Agreed. Now, they say they need the White House. Talk about ego trip.
@KellyannePolls ur supposed to be fighting the other side sir.  Kellyanne, why aren't u raining him in? #outofcontrol
aha! Only now you have started to understand and appreciate your opponents! Better late than never. Grow up...
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
Neither party is worth supporting. Voting for you will be such a great relief!
Yes... keep campaigning for Dems. You are such a loser.
So I guess you should have run as a Democrat then ? Poor judgement Donald ?
you are SOOO SICK!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
No one will dare to buy this!  
Every one need hillary now!
MAKE THE DAMN SHIRTS SAY NEVER TRUMP AND THEY WILL SELL OUT!!
Traitor Republicans in Congress signed Omnibus bill that cut Medicare benefits for elderly to give free care to refugees!
Well that figures, stealing money from SS.
no, they are not real democrats, they are vultures
so that's why u turned republican! Makes sense.
The Democrats do not abandon their party. Rush talked about it yesterday.
that's because true republicans have morals, unlike Trump and his followers
The elite GOP'S are out of touch with reality. Trump is the best to expose them.
Trump is a buffoonish con man who destroyed the gop's best chance for total control in decades, if ever
give it up. Trump is baiting you and you feel for it. Chump.
come on.
explain. Since you're so knowledgeable
bernie got fewer votes than Hillary. Duh. Don't be a chump.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
Trump has no clue, nor does #MSM that HRC supporters honestly like her. That is the source of the loyalty.
the like screaming someone should be jailed, killed, walled out. They like to hate.
I did not call you names. This is typical trumpette behavior and it is unacceptable.
Cause @TheDemocrats know that we are #StrongerTogether. Ur best thing that ever happened to #GOP -from a Dem's pointofview!
we r getting rid of elites&politicians that steal&rob are country.That's why we liked Bernie too!
!#Bernie wouldn't want ur #vote."are"country?? #deplorables #spelling #Thesaurus #TrumpTape
but if u like the bushes and GOP elites that is ur choice as American!i respect that choice!
I'd rather have another 8 years with W, than #lunatic #groper #predator #nuclear #KGB #HRC16
so now your a republican elitist that likes the bushes?ok
if you make less that 250k, no Inc in taxes. you make more than that?
They will see now
Hillary's campaign admits she hates Americans:
Nothing damning in the Wikileaks's release, so yeah let's just make some shit up! #BigLeagueTruth
It's real and very damning.
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/4433 …
@garyboyce True, all except that nonsense about cheating Bernie out of the nom.
I'm happy to support him in destroying other republicans chances of reelection. #DanceWithDevilForBetterDeal
pity? Is that the name of the rebranded Republican Party? The Pity Party?
It's Trump's natural habitat.
Donald Trump where is your court documents from the courts dis grace black community.
Well, you FINALLY said something truthful.
I wish the best successes as president of this great country,and remember to help the Venezuelan colony to leave the comuni
It's NOT loyalty that keeps them! CORRUPTION holds shackles you don't see but for all financial ties keeps them locked!
please block me.  Reading your tweets make me sick.
That's because those slimy, snakes  in the grass are all the same! Paul Ryan = White Obama.... make sense?
AMEN
you have been set up on this last debate. It would be wise of you to get a hold of me.
TRUMP THESE DUMPS! We will remember disloyalty!

Name 5 successes he's had. You can't.
he's not worth as much as you think. why do you think he's not showing his taxes?
keep Bernie's name out your mouth.
Why?  He got screwed too!  Hillary sabotaged him, GOP is trying to sabotage Trump! #GOPSabotage
no one sabataged. more of us voted for HRC a democrat and NOT an independant. where's the sabatage?
You mean Sabotage?  Yes, absolutely there is!  Go research the Wikileaks page/website.
trump thinks global warming was a hoax created by the Chinese so elect him and have fun drowning in the rising sea levels
concentrate on HRC & ammo from wikileaks. Going after RNC is not constructive. U can fire them all when U R elected.
MAGA
Well it is Americans vs the Globalist Establishment.  It is time to make America First and #MAGA!
His clothes r made in China&Mexico,uses Chinese steel 4 his bldgs. He's owned by Russia. Who's the globalist?
and more stupid regulations.  The Chinese steel for his buildings is a Clinton talking point with no validation or
wat hypocracy. trump NEVER has validations since he lies all the time 15 times last debate.
#ReleaseYourReturns #PutinsBitch #LoserTrump
you are so right!!!! At least one thing when you do win the Presidency, I hope you can work with Hillary instead of jail
, Dems laugh while Reps "Eat their own young." Show them how it SHOULD be done! LOYALTY.
you not a republican.
- Politics are Dirty . We've all said things that could be considered sexist or racist - difference is-there not broadcast.
he wasn't cheated, we the people, not DNC voted
Exactly!!!!!!  They HAVE NO SPINE!
the GOPe are the ones who cannot be trusted or loyal.  Trump supporters have been and will be steadfast
A-greed
This is not *really* the fight you want to be having right now, I don't think.
You've been left in the barn all by yourself! Lick your wounds!
True and I don't get it. Republicans might win elections if they were loyal no matter what.
true. Ryan is very Obama like. Like Obama abandoned our allies so does cowardly Lion, I mean ryan
loser says what?
we the people are sticking!
Dems support their candidate because their candidate doesn't speak of sexually assaulting women.
STOP WHINING...You win ONLY when HRC policy vs yours is PREACHED over and over
if you did get to be president it seems you're working hard to ensure everyone in congress hates you. That will work
SAD but TRUE! When did the GOP lose their courage/strength to fight for THE PEOPLE? Now they just protect themselves #MAGA
FIFTH column republicans. WHEN you take office, transform this movement into a NEW pol party
You don't earn loyalty by backstabbing and disloyalty!
The Rupublican status quo cannot be trusted. Realize that and go on.
Don't stoop to their level. Let your supporters do it.
reliable sources tell me the #giants revealed the video Friday. Time for you to go all Donald on them. #Cubs #FlyTheW
Their loyalty is just as false. They just hide it better. lol
GOP released the tape last week...it was their Trump card in case you were leading.
Even I have more respect for the Repubs than to think after your bid burns to the ground, the remaining ones want to stay.
Take a look at @Beebagr_Baluch's Tweet:
17-year-old girl being gang-raped after they were kidnapped by a Muslim gang in Pakistan after refusing to convert from Christianity.
True statement - this year they have seemed to abandoned their Party - STAND UP - AMERICA FIRST
- no negativity just stay positive!
because democratic will lose the power. The republican used to have power but now they fight to much among themselves.
you should flip to the democrats
@SheriffClarke I agree it's sickening ! If king David was running they would react the same way to him as they do U!
I'm a ky yellow dog dem but will vote for you over Hillary.
Bernie wasn't a Democrat.  He was an Independent.
Like flies they cling to that turd, but Bernie was the nut they couldn't digest #MAGA
@SheriffClarke They set him up and played him like a fiddle, it he doesn't feel like a fool then he is an idiot!
When you lose this election by a landslide, it will YOUR fault, not the GOP's.
just voted in Illinois they did NOT ASK FOR AN ID#therealcchunt
.@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #RNC @NRSC @SpeakerRyan
You won't support The People NOW against #HRC
We WON'T support you LATER
@SheriffClarke you are not entitled to their support, you must earn it and thus far have failed to do so.
I call them "Donkey Republicans"!
Thank goodness you didn't run as a Democrat. I know you easily could have. Is your blood green? Tell the truth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUDTcxIqqM0 …
Your loyalty to Democrats has never been in question.
stay strong, have my vote
this so true ... it's sickening
you were there. One lie's and the others swear to it. Focus Donald focus.
Yes they are .
it's a lot easier to be loyal to the moral.
Donny is a Crybaby
dont try to butter us up,  we don't want you either.
you're in a war with two sides of the same coin. Win then expose them for what they all are. Globalists who hate freedom

your POISON  has expired. DOESN'T WORK ANYMORE
YOU ARE A LOOSER
amazes me!
You are right, they always stick together!
As we can see this right now, All the Dems know she is a criminal and a liar but still behind her
Dems aren't really so-called "loyal" to one another. They are simply pretending and very good at it.
looser
@willygalvan Trump is a monster.
I'm a life long Republican (53). If Republicans are part of the reason Trump loses. I vote Dem for the rest of my life.
the republicans are afraid you're going to win and their gravy train will come to a screeching halt.

all you do is tell cheat
now it's cheating Bernie?? I thought it was cheating Hillary. Can't you come up with different words? Sign of a small mind.
Mr Trump on Warren how many Republicans really are not Republican?
unfortunately ur rite! But you have loyal followers too So no giving up fight that BITCH and win Make America Great Again
The Dems have a Pandora box they don't want exposed. They have to stick together.
Republicans are just as loyal as Democrats. They are just not loyal to you. BECAUSE-Sexual Predator.
turn your attention to Hillary
You just have to stay cool, do your home work, know the facts that is what will beat her. Go to the flooded areas !!!!
Yes!Democrats are far more loyal than Republicans, DEMOCRATS ARE LOYAL TO THIS COUNTRY and that's Y people should vote DEMO
That's because they share one brain.
unfortunately  true, idiots, PEOPLE WILL RISE AND TAKE BACK AMERICA
- DOJ colluded w Clinton Campaign -
but I thought you said dems are evil...wait No you dodnt cause you said you didnt. Please dont sue n grab my pussy!
imagine 4 a sec if he took his sup-oar Sun.performance and kept his mouth shut how diff things would be-shameless
@GOP republicans eat their own every time, democrats r loyal to each other no matter what.
so let's vote Democratic - great idea Donald the best one you have had in a long while maybe ever!
Dems are all corrupt and deceitful - thieves stick together.
The republicans that have any self respect don't want to be in the same sewer as you.
good tone of speech Mr.Trump you recognize that Democrat are loyal,together a head we are capable to move the whole world
#sexualpredator #crybaby
liberals don't win, conservatives just give up and lose
Then run as an independent and let a real conservative run as a republican. Quit being an a$$.
blindly loyal. Our eyes are opened to those luminaries now!
stop talking about Bernie...he hates you!!! #whinylittlebitch
That's bcuz conservatives don't do groupthink U twit. We like 2 stand on our own. You'd know that if U were 1. @CupcakesTLH
spoken like a true democrat
praising Dems? funny considering had always been a Democrat, who managed to con Republicans for nomination on this election
Republicans are just doing what they have to do ... DUMP TRUMP!
I know it's late now but when you get in it will be time to rebuild your admin please consider me
Bernie was not a DEM so it did not matter if he was cheated out of something.
Thanks! @realdonaldtrump for wiping out 16 "weak and ineffective" rePublicans + Helping Us (Democrats) create the Brand New "American Party"
you're not a Republican or a Conservative. Just go for expanding your base. Kick HRC's butt.
@spartacus90210

Because nothing is more important to them than ideology.

If Trump loses I'm leaving the party.
we are loyal when we don't have a foul mouthed uninformed candidate
exactly dems circle their wagons around their bloodied and wounded the republicans run screaming every man for themselves.
Saboteur @realDonaldTrump has been loyal about 1 thing. Putting HRC in the WH. Now the POS wants her to have the House and Sen. #NeverTrump
IF Hilary wins I WILL NOT SUPPORT HER. No laws for Hilary no laws for BellyFlop.
Thank you for fighting for us. But also let us battle for you too Don't let them set you up
Concentrate on crooked Hillary, and her crooked partners in crime. Not the republican party
The Dems are all insiders. You're an outsider to the Reps who are also all insiders. Insiders & outsiders think differently
Republicans are all joined at the hips. They just don't like you Donny.
As sad as it is, this is true.
The DEMS will cheat with bogus ballots, rigged counters, pay offs.They are protected by corrupt POTUS power
Sounds good, Donnie! Toss your support to the Dems!
i'm ashamed of the Republicans and I'm horrified at their behavior
Please don't try to appeal to Bernie people. You embarrass yourself and us.
respect for telling it like it is.
they will drown themselves for each other where the Reps r in it 4 themselves. Plus, ur not part of their dirty cabal
.@realDonaldTrump Because many dems blindly follow while reps don't! You have to earn our loyalty, and you haven't. #Elections2016
I thought you've said time after time that you can do it with or without party support.  Put up or shut up.
