I guess you have never read the constitution
Pimping someone out is still illegal in most states.  If he cares so much then maybe he can find a way to do it legally
whyyy 
.@realDonaldTrump, let's talk about @EricTrump. What happened to #AmericaFirst? Why not hire American, #Trump? https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/virginia-politics/trump-vineyard-seeks-labor-department-approval-to-hire-foreign-workers/2016/12/22/f320bea8-c86a-11e6-8bee-54e800ef2a63_story.html?postshare=9711482506401746&tid=ss_fb&utm_term=.a459566239fb …
the children with cancer which are in your cabinet..
good morning Mr. PEOTUS
Eric looks like a potato.
no need to be rude
Brat Boy always looks like he's ready to trample through you. Probably his New York upbringing
well He's getting done what Obummer couldn't.. HIS FACE HAS CHARACTER... r we in 1St grade?  
and that would be what? Trumpy the clown hasn't done anything
"Daaaaaaad tell them! It's not faaaair!"
(as for me, I'm more worried about the children with cancer who might lose their medical insurance bc of you)
Then you OBVIOUSLY have not done an ounce of research. BEFORE obamacare these children were covered 100%
Obamacare was and is a FORCED unconstitutional program w/ FINES for non submitting. MOST Americans HATE it!
not all kids were covered prior to Obamacare,do your research...It wasn't affordable for parents who both work due 2 pre-existing
and that will be staying
why don't you try giving yourself!
wow
if you're truly concerned about children with cancer, don't gut their healthcare coverage.  #dontsellthepresidency
INSANITY! St. Jude's Hospital is the #1 Charity that everyone should be supporting!  They perform GREAT WORK!
ok
Pence is having u impeached
OMG you make me sick every effing day! You will single handily ruin this country. You are JUST a reality star.
I'm praying for a solution to Eric's situation. Your son's actions are because he loves these children,I believe God cares!
This crazy people are not hurting the Trump family.  Only the poor innocent children.
welcome to being a politician Mr. President Elect
Obamas daughter was smoking weed abd twerking in public but u have a prob with cancer research.. smh
I am not a stupid ass or a blond.. but thanks for playing ..so guess I don't have to shut my mouth
do yourself a favor and go be with big daddy donald in the white house. You can have some fun 1/2
is that Beavis or Butthead.
@TRUMP_WPA preposterous what about the Clintons who actually live off of theirs?? Talk about double standards-4 criminals
MSM didn't mind the CF paying for Chelseas wedding but Eric helping kids is a conflict... Twisted Libs
Clintons bought property 4 Chelsea with so-called charityMega Money from Foreign Nations - are you kidding me
Chelsea got a 600k a year gig with NBC= No conflict. Forge ahead @EricTrump I'm sure many families agree
short lived career just was NOT likeable SORRY
Chelsea is an untouchable by MSM but Trump kids get pounded .So tiered of the BS
Plenty of very capable people can fill in the vacancy he leaves. It's the price to pay for getting into politics.
Boo Hoo, do you think we believe that? What's wrong with GIVING the billions in yours and his bank account. SCROOGE!
I feel so bad for you, sir.
feel bad for him? Have you looked in a mirror lately? Feel bad for yourself. Lol.
I think to stop conflict by unscrupulous people from abusing their office or title etc - or through their family inc sons.
I am terribly sorry about this and disgusted with the people that caused this.
Welp that's what happens when diligence isn't done whaaaa whaaaa
He can raise money, he just can't sell access to the White House.  Think about it, Donnie!?!?!
Long time between tweets! Can't reach the letters with your teeny orange thumbs?
And maybe you could donate money AND prove you donated...
he already has been to this cause for many many years & it's been documented / proven if you will since 80's
his personal foundation was NOT set up for cancer charities, it was his PRIVATE use foundation silly.
He has 40+ years donated time, energy, & MONEY to many causes / NOT anything to do w/ his PRIVATE foundation
WRONG! U saying those charities that never received a cent are lying?
And plz show us proof that chump donated ANY time and energy to charitable works
.@realDonaldTrump 1) Nobody forced you to run for president. 2) You can donate as much as you want of your own wealth to help cancer victims
so cancer victims shouldn't be helped because you don't like Trump policies.. very generous of you
Stupid tweet.
SAD THERE WON'T BE ANY PAY TO PLAY ! WE ARE WATCHING, DO THE RIGHT THING !
That is disgusting on so many levels. (The flyer, not your tweet.)
This is play to pay.We need SEPARATION between POTUS and his kids running the Trump org.The people will demand it-accept it
PAY TO PLAY LOCK HIM UP
donate the entire sum from his little trust fund.
why are you tweeting lies? That's very unpresidented. He can raise all the money he wants if he does it legally
STICK TO FANTASY DUDE
why? Am I a robot who isn't allowed to do anything else?
Ridiculous! He should be allowed to continue living his life as he sees fit.
Such utter bullshit.Your family only uses charity as a scam. You're really going to use emotional blackmail? such an abuser
Yet the Clintons ran there extortion racket I mean foundation and still do. And where going to hand it over to Chelsea ?
You're a billionaire. Donate the money. #grinch #scrooge
Obamas, Clintons & celebs are all rich but they fundraise not donate it themselves.. why not help the kids?
raising money for children cancer should never be a negative if your a good person
thank goodness he won’t be able to handle money...put most of it in family’s pockets anyway!!! ALL TRUMPS ARE HYPOCRITES
I bet the next tweet will be in like 5-8 minutes...
So you're excited for the next tweet? Apparently you have your phone set to notify of such tweets.
I have my phone set to when you tweet. Your words are like Shakespeare.
That's more like it, champ.
How much did children with cancer get from his fundraisers
Children with cancer would receive about the same percentage as Trump’s popularity. Therefore, about 19%.
Well the cat is out of the bag that you scumbags were stealing from these kids.
Eric was STEALING money!!  Typical CORRUPT TRUMP FAMILY!!
The missing Gary Busey - Apprentice connection
Are You Serious? God Bless All Your Beautiful & Heart-Giving Families Wonderful work!!! You are All So Appreciated! Thanks
Is there anything the Liberals won't do to try to destroy you and your family? Can't they find
A positive purpose?
I'm saddened by the fact, that when he was raising money for kids,, he proved that it ALL WENT FOR KIDS"!!  The Leftists kill kids! 
Also embezzlement.
What a shame.
If there is now a conflict of interest why was it not an issue at the start of your presidency?
sorry to hear this. Will be praying for all those children who need his help.Sad day in USA where hate seems 2B fashionable
Oh maybe b/c daddy takes $ from Eric's foundation u f*ck stain
I'm sure that could have been avoided if the family had done the right thing rather than rip off everyone.
This is more hate just to punish you for winning the election! How low will they continue to go?
#St. Jude is abt love!
That was hot year, eh?
http://www.motherjones.com/environment/2018/01/2017-was-the-second-hottest-year-on-record/ … @NASA / #ClimateChangeIsReal
lolololololol

New tax return: Eric Trump Foundaiton paid $145,145 to Trump businesses in 2016, including golf club, hotel & Mar-a-Lago. 100% of fundraising event money raised went to beneficiaries or event expenses—to the…
And this... #MaraLago ....
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/aug/18/charities-cancel-events-at-trumps-mar-a-lago-club?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter …
Sad...
Please exit the Beltway @ I-495 E toward I-95 N. Continue North on I-95N to York City. Do Not use FSK bridge. Tunnel access only.
Bizarre way of thinking -very sad.
You are the reason and only you that he can not. Wake up and grow up and start doing your job.
He also shouldn't be allowed to raise children.
What will he use for petty cash?
Eric will not be allowed to steal from kids with cancer and you won't be allowed to steal from veterans and the disabled
Eric trump’s foundation is just another trump scam to make millions for the trump’s. None of the trump’s donate anything of theirs or any of their money. Eric trump foundation PAYS trump’s millions for food, services, & venues. #CheapTrumpBastards

Shhhhh
Yeah Beavis is busted
The depth of your deceit is staggering,
Your "Wonderful" son can give his own money to St. Judes.  He's worth many millions according to his profile. Wise up!
What makes you think he doesn't! RT @Kegan05: @realDonaldTrump Your "Wonderful" son can give his own money (cont) http://tl.gd/n_1spfjmr 
The Nut never falls far from the TREE. #Trump is a total DirtBag and will never have my support or respect.
His Son was trying to sell access to his Father for one million dollars to be used 4 #ConservationHuntingBS.
So what was he really giving it to those who needed it?
Insanity a wonderful charity is being forced to close because we have chosen to rise against the corruption of politics.
he shouldnt be in white house
Carol you shouldn't be allowed near a computer.
please check out the Gerson therapy.
Delegate and train and still bring it in!!
There is nothing stopping Eric from giving millions of dollars to kids with cancer... stop manipulating the truth.
remember when you said if it's wrong, someone should have stopped me? Well you've been stopped.
Poor Eric.  Maybe just donate out of your vast fortune.  I wonder how much truly went to charity.
It would be a shame IF anyone but you had ever benefited from your so-called charities. He is as greedy as you.
Character Points difference Trumps from Hillary - Foundations 4 giving not receiving
Eric Trump Foundation funnels money for children's cancer research to Trump Family.
look at Clinton foundation? .... conflict of interest ? Holy cow   . No one said a peep
or buy paintings of you
Don't tell me you can't help children.  Cop-out
The conflict of interest is, he won't pay taxes on the contribution, and there is nothing in it for him.
if you want to help people, leave your position as president.  Because you won't do us any good where you're at.
have your son continue doing it, if you love your kids so much. Allow them to make a difference for community's
I think Eric should be able to continue raising funds for St. Judes's!
face it donald , you could give a million dollars to a crippled kid with cancer , and the dems will bash you for it
What a shame, this has to affect the good work your son is doing!!
he should continue...that's absurd!!!
@shelliecorreia outrageous !!
its not fair
Maybe that "Pay to Play" prize offer they were offering initially.  You know, donate 1 million, get to meet with daddy.
fucking good, there's probably not ONE single child that ever saw a dime
I hear you haven't donated to your foundation since 2008...we have something in common.
what your really saying is you last one of your tax shelters
So sad! The left is NOT about helping anyone, they are just sore and jealous losers!
Donate directly, problem solved. I'm looking for work if you need someone who knows how to resolve your idiotic dilemmas.
God will punish whoever had a part in that mess!!!  Eric keep your head up son.... I'm praying for your family!!
FACT:  You cannot sell Presidential time for charity, you can sell celebrity time for charity, get the difference????
well if you would stop stealing from those kids to pay your legal bills, he might not have too.
your son is DOING THE RIGHT THING you should take a cue #commanderintweet #divestdonald #divestisbest
All you need to do as president is sign an executive order to release all the cancer cures big pharma mafia is suppressing
And whose fault is that.  Two much family in your pot.
do the right thing! Unify the country! Nominate Merrick Garland to SCOTUS! So unfair that he wasn't given a hearing!
with his truly despicable nature and lack of humanity?
it must be fraudulent its run by a tRUMP
cause nobody Trusts the Trump's. You used your other foundation as your personal bank account.
well maybe he could work with another charity....Oh but wait that would not benefit you.
"with" what. Killing an elephant? Those endangered African animals we're sworn to protect from poachers?
no conflict of interest when you are not ABOVE the rules
with who?
I had the opportunity to meet Eric when here in Grand Junction, CO really compassionate genuine person, great dad of 5
Who has the authority to stop him from raising the money? I'm just curious.
ستاپه خور یی بوزم
make the drug companies give out the cure for cancer not just make money off of people with cancer
No more thousands to pay your bills and buy paintings of yourself? How sad!
nothing to prevent him from simply DONATING money.  Or does he just use other people's money? (like you)
I grew up in Memphis and St Jude Children's Research Hospital has always been very special to me.  I am sorry to see this.
Not because of a "possible" conflict,  an actual conflict. It's called self dealing and it's a crime. Billionaire cry baby!
The rules apply to you. Money can't buy your way out of everything
"Possible" conflict of interest? When you railed against the foundation started by a family member of a government official
We all know that Trumps were going to keep the $. That's how you run your "charities"
translated:more skimming from my "foundation".  Wink Wink
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU AND TO YOUR FAMILY SIR.
Mai-Mai from Philippines
Only if he tries to raise money by selling time with you for million dollar donations. Talk about pay for play....
what? Yet Hillary ran the Clinton Foundation while Secretary of State! Such a double standard!
drop out if you care so much, oh right you dont
that's so sad
when you become leader of the free world certain rules apply.
That's nonsense!
poor http://victim.You 're a vulgar pos who filtered money thru a shell nfp
Release your taxes
.@realDonaldTrump If only there was a document as old as our country which you could have read that would've given you the heads up on this.
You mean one of your fake charities, designed to funnel money to you. HA!
Eric has nothing to do with being a politician. So how is that a conflict of interest
Sad!
potatos are people too
It's terrible when laws have unintended consequences. Hopefully someone can take over for Eric for the next 8 years.
I understand why this exists but hate the results.  At some point, mankind will learn.
you and the rest of his family are a bunch of filthy finks. #NEVERMYPRESIDENT #LyingTrump #CrookedDonald #Racist #Biggot
why not ? What could be the problem ? Goes on now with Clintons, and we know that is a cash  cow; don't we ? not a charity.
haters gonna hate. Keep up the good work sir. Us hard working Americans who value what it is sacred are with you.
start being transparent. Show you damm taxes then talk
i can help u all have gave so much ppl like u is what life is i will make call for contributions st Jude is always in soul
you are so smart you should have Know that.....
with who don't lie
this is blatantly wrong. St Jude's is lucky to have Eric's help. We will support his being allowed to continue.
SAD TRUMP, SAD.
too bad you aren't cleaning up all your OWN conflicts of interest!
@EricTrumpFdn Frauds, every one of them. Deceptive Dons, Shady Lady Ivanka, Evil Eric
you and your "wonderful" son are absolutely free to donate to these charitable organizations! Feel the power! #doright
Eric can donate as much $ as he http://wants.Now  that he's in charge of your companies he should donate ALL the profits
no Mas! It's the law!
Eric needs to get a real blue collar job or get in the Army with his shooting skills.
Or go on safari to kill wild animals and pose with a creepy smile for the photo.
Pray about it Mr.President Elect and the Good LORD will show you the way! Merry Christmas Mr. President Elect
maybe eric shouldnt be selling influence at 1M a pop
trump foundation gives to Trumps
