he said HE won't prosecute but also said he will not get in way of DOJ. #LockHerUp
HE doesn't, only if DOJ recommends, just watch that hag rot in prison.
lol. I'll let him make that decision when time comes. I defend fact I can say "Merry Cristmas" again. Yup
lol the fact u watch @CNN answers ALL my ?'s.
U never should have run for president. U r in over ur head, and u know it. Ur ego wont let u quit. It will be ur downfall.
did you vote?
Hell ya it was not a pleasant experience. I wanted to vote for Sanders, but I voted Clinton in the end. Difficult decision 4 me.
a football game is how you show your support of the military?  Where were you on veterans day?  Giving Putin a handy?
name calling huh Yed?
**Ted
The next 4 yrs will be a never ending nightmare 4 u. U will be undr a microscope in front of whole nation. No rest No peace
Ur whole life is a failure. If u hadnt been born wealthy u would have gotten no where. Ur most pathetic prsn ever. U FAIL
Going to a sports event is not meaningful support. Not gutting there healthcare is. U r pandering its not good enough FUCKU
Go Navy!!
any money for you for attending?
lock him up! Lock him up!
Want to really have some fun?  Wear an Air Force ensigna on your overcoat.  I'll be watching!
enjoy the game and you can use a little break.
... nobody cares.... #NotMyPresident
He is a great phenomenon.
Our Armed Forces fight to protect this Country. Russia hand-picked you to be their agent here. Release all RNC Emails!
#1 Perk of the POTUS Obama always blew off the game showing his true disdain for the Armed Forces
enjoy the game
!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!
STOP avoiding the issues, @realDonaldTrump! We demand your tax returns. We demand total #Divestiture of business interests & a #BlindTrust.
Who the fuck are you to demand all these?
Who do you think the POTUS is? Hint: he’s NOT the king. He’s NOT the Emperor. He’s NOT above the law, nor above the Constitution. If he and his cult can’t face that and live with it, this will end VERY ugly.
Very biggley ugly.
Remember 
Pick up your double chin.
Go NAVY @jacksonzoch
#BeatNavy
May you please Mr. President give me a ride 2the game? I've never been; I also wd like 2show support this time or the next
#MAGA
You people just have nothing better to do but complain. Maybe your time would be best served by helping other!
They'll love having you, Mr. President-Elect!
Wish you would have served in Armed Forces instead of being a panzy.
That game will be rediculous. Your rediculous!
not as ridiculous as Democrats.
A better way to show support would be to attend the security briefings you have been skipping.
make a quick stop at Barnes & Noble & then get someone to read you "Football for Dummies." 
Are you going to watch the game or are you the head coach? Because surely you know more about football than the coaches do
Dear Mr Trump can you please look into St.bernard Soap/ Trillium in Cincinnati Ohio I've been working there 10 plus years
they plan on moving the soap to Mexico that will hurt are company a lot they plan to go the first of the new year could u
Pray always!
so what

You appear upset. Fill in the form and we’ll get back to you.
Just because we don’t support Trump doesn’t mean we’re supporters of Hillary. We support no one who wants capitalism!
Include yourself in these numbers ASAP
Socialism has never existed so it’s killed no one. CAPITALISM under right and left wing control has done ALL the killing.
I must admit, I'm surprised @realDonaldTrump didn't get a deferment to get out of watching Army and Navy do battle. #TrumpleThinSkin
talk about thin skin. Cat calling the kettle black.
cat calling... what? Bwaaahahaha
oh shit we can't use the word black at all now? Define the difference between black and brown please?
I hope this was really from The Donald.
hillary is better
Not according to democracy.
she won the popular vote
But we've never used the popular vote, and for good reason.
but you should. Popular vote is what the people want.
Maybe the democrats since Hilary didn't win any states.  Experts show that it would be a horrible system.
u\ûat ::)/at
Robertnash
.@60Minutes
@shopgoodfella $€
@realDonaldTrump @60Minutes @shopgoodfella
good
Keep your eye on the ball.

How to describe Hillary Clinton; lost the election to DJT. 
going to a football game shoes support for the armed forces? go see the soldiers stationed all over the world instead.
Donald Trump hasn't even been sworn into office yet. Why are you in my timeline anyway? @theGuy13
talk to him then... I'm merely responding to his nonsensical statements.
He's going to the football game he's not even sworn into office yet stop crying @theGuy13
I'm not crying son... Sorry I insulted your hero.
Yes he is our hero who has liberated this country from the liberal mindset of destruction.
"liberal mindset of destruction"... That's awesome... What kind of kool aid does your cult drink?
The Russian Twist..
u could show support by donating to a vets group.   Or by making sure that service (wo)men are comp'd well
TRYING TO DISTRACT FROM RUSSIA????
You seriously need to educate urself and stop watching so much CNN/Clinton News Network.. then u wouldn't make all these stupid comments
Congratulations Mr. President. I feel hopeful now that you are in office. Thank you.
Ah, patriotism! This should take attention away from @realDonaldTrump's unfortunate 'rediculous' tweet earlier.
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/807549462105165824 …
Or no one cares about spelling.  Keep jobs in the US.  Spell ridiculous however you want.
Hey look newbie Troll is back... signed up yesterday because he couldn't find work.
Now your a fortune teller I see..
Your getting Trump confused with Billy..
There are lies, damned lies, and then there's every word from Donald Trump's mouth. @realDonaldTrump
Who's your President elect?
Let's say it together... President Elect Donald Trump.
Not until Dec 19th and only if the EC confirm him.
OK gameboy..
It's the way things work and the EC has the Trump team scared.
congratulations Mr. President.
u have committed treason #nevermypresident #speaktruthtopower #lockhimup
Did he sell favors of state and access to "donors" (aka bribers) for personal gain?
yes he did. His cabinet is filled with his donors
Generals rarely donate to politicians. HRC sold favors from her office. He's not held office.

big shots frequently end up in the admin. But has he sold favors from his gov office for money, like the clintonF
STAY AT THE TOWERS ......U BUM
Thank you for supporting our troops ! They pay the ultimate price for our safety!
You made a fool of yourself again.
Go Navy!
Go Navy!!
~ So thankful for our military and all who keep us safe
Amen.
Why does your Exxon man have strong ties with Russia? Treason.

maybe so dick head but the lying cunt killery isn't going to be prez.
u don't give a damn about service people! U don't even pay taxes!!!
and neither do you.
U know what they say about ASSuming! Anyways it's sad a Pres elect doesn't that's the point! Now troll elsewhere!
is there any lower trio than you. (That is not a question.)
they don't want you
Military loves Trump
nah
it was a great game made better by the Great Maker.
who cares if you go or not
Maybe you could show support by taking all the intelligence briefings coming your way. You know? Be prepared to lead them.
great game. Way to go my army.  So happy for them
Great/Classic f'ball game. Name another game t'day where the all players will one day put their lives on the line for us!!
and then you will insult them saying it's not the best football, way to go Commander in Bullshit
a real shoe of respect would be to not have a #Coward #DraftDodger show his face after committing #treason with #Russia
Closest u will ever be in  same realm as Real Men, who serve their country instead of Draft dodgers like you! Pathetic!
yup, as a "show" that's all this is to you! God help us all, u will destroy our country
Vets and Social Security are off-limits. Stop funding welfare, immigration,  refugee or asylum, and sanctuary programs NOW!
#ButRussia
free tickets to a football game is your show of support? 
“@realDonaldTrump: As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to Army-Navy Game today." THANK YOU for supporting military.
The Army@Navy love you Potus Donald Trump as they gave you a rousing ovationYou can tell our military is proud of you

I'm glad Army won today
@realDonaldTrump should have game btw FBI vs CIA ... 
Just heard Amy Holmes on Fox news- she could be a GREAT w.h. press sec.
From a Vet. we respect u & know u care for our country. I served under @GenMattisKCHS16 and Gen. Kelly both amazing men! @realDonaldTrump
Could you multi-task and get an intelligence briefing while you're there, fuckface?
I hear it's not necessarily the best football, but they have a lot of spirit, am I right?!
Can we call you Trumputin?  #Trumputin
Donny who's the quarterback for the New York Giants?  Another one of those "gotcha" questions...
enjoy the game and what you have right now. Look forward to your presidency.  Make our country great again!
A powerful country must watch every time its army! Thanks for the new strategy!
enjoy the game! You deserve some down time!
You are ILLEGITIMATE! Dishonest campaign, hateful rhetoric, foreign influences, cronyism. I see you for what you are.
thanks for your support of our young men and women in the military.
Please don't.
you have problems if you think that's support.
Thank you for the love you show our military! You have my love and respect for that alone.
i am a proud Veteran karma is how we got you Go Trump.
you are going to be pres stop tweeting start learning how
Have a great time, President Donald J. Trump!
#Keep it Trump
remember you said "I will be isis worse nightmare"!
you are a traitor
so should we call you "comrade trump"???
go Navy
@DonaldJTrumpJr booooooo booooooooo @See_Campos
enjoy
Have a great time Mr. President-elect! Thanks for supporting our great men and women in uniform. Relax and enjoy the day.

Buy everyone a cold one 
really?  But you can't find the time for the daily briefing?
just wondering is it uncomfortable having Putin's arm up to the Elbow up your ass working you like the puppet you are?
going to a sporting event is not supporting the troops. My students&I send care packages overseas monthly. What do you do?
LOL really?
For the man who ran away from serving in the Army, Navy, or Air Force you have a fat cheek saying anything.

its a football game, your highness.
so proud you were there!!! We are proud Americans!!!!
Saw your interview .. always have to throw in an insult or two.
anything to avoid the details u need to learn to be more presidential.
@CNNPolitics @ABCPolitics @NBCNews @CBSPolitics - i also plan to have 50% of soldiers die in the China war.
PATHETIC ROACH!!!
#LiKeqiang #XiJinping 云昆政府想抵赖，让 #泛亚 案件胎死腹中呼吁全球关注救泛亚难民水深火热！保护老百姓的血汗钱！看病钱！养老钱！http://www.mingjingnews.com/MIB/magazine/news.aspx?ID=M000005495&utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter&from=groupmessage&isappinstalled=1 … https://twitter.com/FY2388/status/796129418938748928/photo/1pic.twitter.com/SmBWFpXFrd 
"Made America Great Again" and hasn't even been sworn in yet! Can't wait for Jan 20th!!
Is Putin coming with you?
well there is a first time for everything
We are all happier about the future since you were elected!
lousy media
GO MR TRUMP!!!!
R u f-ing kidding. Support them with adequate medical care and jobs. Who gives a shit if u r @ the damn football game.
"I shall be attending a football game because military." You are the most troll-worthy human ever.
Thanks Mr President. It means a lot.
are you going to wear your Putin t-shirt and Russian hat?
I hope in years to come that you keep this tradition going love to see you at the game
MAGA! Have a wonderful time at the game. Way to support our military!! 
as a show of support for those who have fought and died for this country I'm going to watch football and eat peanuts.
Go Navy! Beat Army!
great game, especially for ARMY. So many turnovers but always wonderful to watch each year.
#Jelous have fun, go Army. #Hooah

Go Navy.
Thank you for being honest...this is just a show - and you are not sincere about supporting the troops.
@VirginiaGinner1 isn't he a draft dodger?  Ties made in china... patriotic huh
@JohnJavis give me a break you only care about yourself.
that's not how you support the armed forces...
YOU SHOULD BE WORKING.
That hell with all you none supporters. You will see. Trump,call on me any time!!!

as a show of support
how 'bout not criticizing the pentagon
when U don't know a fukin' thing about how the world runs
U sht
and NO ONE cares!
That was cool for you to go to the game.
Mr President you were terrific at the Army-Navy game. I am glad our armed forces will have a commander in chief like you.
when one team defers after the coin toss, I see your orange evil smug face. Then I picture it behind bars.
NO ONE CARES 
The only way 4 u to succeed is to build the wall, deport the illegals,  & make new better trade deals. Failure not option.
Supporting even the "weak" soldiers with PTSD? The "heroes" who got caught and were POWs? How magnanimous of you... @realDonaldTrump
watch the game saw you at half time . army won for time in 14 years your there lucky charm
That might show support for the sport but the real test will be programs for the military and vets.
nice!
THANK U
#TRAITOR
I pray you can and will hear our plee of help. Please help me and my husband who is suffering from Asian orange .
@cnn And how did you show your support for our Armed Forces on Veteran's Day?
@LeahR77 Hey shit head you bringing Putin with you as your date#NotMyPresident
  Mr President!!!
A Commander-chief who's never been in the Armed Services. At least I was deferred because I was the sole support of Mother.
Glad to see you are having some pleasure for a change! NOBODY WORKS AS HARD AS YOU DO!!! WELL DESERVED!
enjoy
Watching game I thought it would be awesome if you showed up. And then I saw you made it. Great Job Commander and Chief!!!
After the game,The Football will be good target practice. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,LOL     "Aren't I a Card?"
you are you picking to win
Donald tweets about a football game and there is a liberal meltdown. He tweets about Glenn and there is a liberal meltdown.
maybe you can eat some nachos with a knife and fork.  You're so classy!  ENJOY!

and you went and then insulted the players saying 'It wasn't the best football' SMH. Do you just TRY to offend everyone?
who fing cares
