LMAO !!!
This election will finally be over tomorrow. Thank the lord. STOP TRUMP! VOTE EVERYONE! #VoteOrGrope
she so relied on the polls and did the minimum #loser #MAGA
All states Hillary lost. The numbers were there the whole time and her people ignored them.
Donald don't let christie derail u
You're a terrible person
No, you're a terrible person.
Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for President, is a terrible person.
Yeah, but who else is supposed to be President?
Hmm...I wonder
If you want criminal Hillary to be President, what does that make you

Great idea, go live in Russia and continue your bromance with Putin. Be someone else's nightmare.
fox poll showing HRC leading electoral....ummmm and how can they be so sure?
give social security raise and put it on 6o clock news..this will bring seniors out to vote for you..
Blessings!!!!!
what does that prove?
not scientific!!
illiagels can vote. Than people with Felonies can't what's wrong with that? Some dudes Grandma died in 2002 and she voted.
Praying for a landslide tomorrow! Would love to see Mick Jagger at a rally!!!!!
Crooked HRC wud b illegitimate POTUS 

NO borders
No Nation
Flood of criminality & terror

Vote for America
Vote for TRUMP

lol G did dat
love what you're doing for our RED WHITE AND BLUE DJTRUMP
Got out-worked didn't she,,,too arrogant to think she wouldn't win on her name/party
HERE YOU GO DONALD WE GOT YOUR BACK IN OHIO
bravo et félicitation au future elu de la maison blanche des USA , malheureux au monde et jamais sa en France.
Please come to beaufort SC ? we want to see you! Congratulations were so happy your our new President <3
LANDSLIDE #TRUMPSELFIE

And it came to pass, when the rejected stone became the corner stone.

LOL. You're tweeting about how you have no plan for targeting states or districts.

@Roxanna_Watrous
@sailing2u2 @realDonaldTrump @Roxanna_Watrous Those are very nasty words. Undeserved or might we all fit the description?
-No.We don't all fit the description.But her free speech towards an traitor was mild.
too stupid to be trusted with tweeter
@lgmaterna
this is amazing data! I would love to see it for all states the entire campaign!!
.@realDonaldTrump Girlfriend's NC premiums posted YESTERDAY, @KellyannePolls
(she's now voting DJT)

No kidding!!!

those are numbers of stops, not poll numbers. Just in case you didn't know.
Lol! Yeah Joe, I noticed. What's going to happen when she cleans his clock in the
I hope these numbers are right and see blue states turn red tomorrow or we are all in a state of emergency 

if DJT is not elected the world will be so boring that even twitter. CNN, Fox etc will close shop. Nothing to report
Go to bed, old white fucked up man.
Go Trump!
remember we depend on you just as much as you depend on us, we are all counting on you, we trust you! So fight hard!
how about you release "By the tax returns?"

More stops and less votes? Sounds like a loser to me.
He's there to be sure the right to vote is assured for white guys by all measures possible
do you think Americans are really going to elect a president that is accused of RAPE?? Your brains broken man!!
Well I'm sorry this tweet aged extremely poorly
Lol don’t you have anything a little more interesting to do? That was over a year ago!
There are some stupid jackoffs on here. The man is trying to save what fuckers like yall have done so well at ruining.
But Donnie, I thought the polls were rigged.
The reasons for the whole #BasketOfDeplorables and of the #BasementDwellers  to vote #TrumPence16 by a landslide!
AMEN, well said!!! And to clean out the swamp of evil depravity permeating the #Dem party elites .@realDonaldTrump
And how is that working out?  Perhaps fewer stops would have been better.
Hillary will make it greater, don't u worry! #ImWitHer

you're a waste, it makes me sad the fact that I have to share oxygen with you
He won them all
Trump is ugly inside and out, and he refuses to strongly denounce the use of Nazi salutes
bye bye Felicia Killary!! Go to one of your foreign countries that u give money to!!
Leave America alone!
your sick
*you're
What about making America kind again?
. DONE! Kindness begets kindness. And it starts with YOU!
It always starts with us. In every interaction. We could all do with choosing it as a deep commitment.
.Absolutely!
so why did Trump win?
And he won them all ,
Thank you God.
Trump = the nr. 1 
The russians are not the enemy assholes :
Barrack was a Rat 
Will Scottie Nell Hughes be serving her signature "Mazel Tov" cocktails at the bar she'll be working after you lose?
Are you embarrassed to actually be supporting a pathological liar and corrupt politician?

It's time for me to set things straight! I'm NOT perfect. I've said some things in the past that I could have said better
I apologize to anyone offended, but I 100% support women, minorities and all our country, so get out and VOTE! Help MAGA!
HillBillary will eventually be indicted no matter which way this goes. Most corrupt politician in recent history of USA

We're going to get incredibly grumpy if you don't start using apostrophes in the correct places. Love, the UK.
. Apostrophes waste space, duh.
Trump wastes space. Loads of it, the chubby minkygrabber @717_5630 @realDonaldTrump
.H grabsRtax$$ to sendOVERSEAS.They mak Uge donat2Clit Fndation.Then H allows RUSSIA20% of R uranium.GLOBALISM

You have to go there to get the few votes you will receive. Nice to see you wasting your time and money

"You have a choice in this electrification!"
@TeamTrump Stop Corruption VOTE November 8 America for the People bring everyone to VOTE Don't trust Polls &media Go VOTE
Hey #Trump aides, let the REAL Donald speak. The people want to hear his authentic voice. Unleash #TrumpsMissingTweets
not me!
Good luck Mr Trump.  I hope and pray you are successful and the next President of the United States. God Bless you.
media outlets claiming she had the largest crowd ever last night, pretty sure it was The Boss, Gaga and Bon Jovi not HRC
quantity doesn't meant quality.
Shows Who is willing to put in the time and work for us! Not for special interests.
in your dreams that's not a true poll
Congratulations, God bless your mind and soul Mr President.
Trump failures

@realDonaldTrump
After you get shelled tomorrow, are you going to sue these pollsters for feeding you what area clearly delusions? #election
rubbish - that's a photoshopped poll
the best thing about Election Day tomorrow is I no longer have to listen to Lying Donald Trump. So obnoxious. Loser.
Still fibbing until the last day!
You can do this! You're very close to the finish line. Thank you for not giving up, and looking forward to a landslide.
what's the source for these numbers? Looks very far from any poll out there.
https://twitter.com/Dr_Scooter/status/766713409563832323 …
yes yes yes, every one go and vote for trump

#VoteTrump #NC
You're wasting time and gas, you're already DONE.
I pray that you win Donald. I just want to see the look on all of the faces of all of the stupid pundits, who ridiculed you
Americans, who lost their ambassador, suffered WH abuse and their classified email, cannot allow dems recklessness.
America is already great and all you want to do is Ruin it
Go get 'em chief Trump.
you out worked her badly!

Yay, @realDonaldTrump has finally won something, besides the endorsement of white supremacists
When you get elected, 1st Job is to imprison the Clinton woman ! #PresidentialElection
@petefrt  My condolences on your CHOKING DEFEAT tomorrow.
Drain the swamp and we find the birthplace of the Trump family,  bottom feeders. #imwithher #neveranazi #notpresidential.
so all of poles are lie according to you.. So you can't be winning

al final sos peor que macri
this will make it funnier when you lose at least 3/4 of them. Thank you
@chintskap sir. Sorry. Iss baar toh TRUMP Sarkar. @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump @MELANIATRUMP
You're going good, keep it up.
this what we call working hard. He's also killing my data can't get enough of him. Win win all worth it.
thank you for being you...I hope and pray I can call you Mr President....I love you
Go Trump Goooooo!!!
Please people,Our Lively Hood DEPENDS on it TRUMP isn't Control Freak L/HILLARY He will Make Prof. Committees 2 FIX THINGS
where are u getting all your fake figures from?  Your delusional brain????
@colegoose16 looks pretty good to me
Sure they're correct
Keep it going! Fight Trump! DRAIN THE SWAMP
he wins
Love you Mr Trump! Praying for you & our country! Thank you for everything you are doing for us! You're the leader we need!
be smart NC vote for the only qualified candidate..VOTE HILLARY
relentless!
as much as I love you Donnie, I don't know if you will win or not... I might commit suicide if Hillary Clinton wins...
Because how many times you stop in a state predicts the winner. @realDonaldTrump

Come on, let Donny do his own tweets! Just for today and tomorrow! I want to see his meltdown! #nevertrump #hillary #tweets


stop calling people names. You bring shame. U have done nothing for our great country but take advantage selfishly.

Take this election bigly. We're with you Donald.
Great job! You worked your ass off, just like you will for our country. MAGA!
IF the election is rigged, as you stated so many times, why not rig it in your favor little man?
@u2bheavenbound #realtor #likeforlike #love #motivation #realestate #savage #losangeles #fashion #fitness #money

Liar! Wrong! A fantasist! ... De Niro: "He's a punk, he's a dog, he's a pig, he's a con, a bullshit artist, a mutt"
this is not a contest to see who has the most events, it's a contest to se who is most suited to run the country. You lose
have a triumphant day we love you
#CantHandleTwitterCantHandleCodes
#whinylittlebitch
Great job. I declare your victory today. Destiny. USAs dark days are about to end. I did my part.
You were more fun when you were doing your own tweeting. Still would never vote for you, but more entertaining.
our youth are so addicted to this Drugs coming from Mexico...I love my Children And Grandchildren.. So Please HELP...
#makeamericatrue instead of all your lies
Proof that Clinton has no stamina for the position of POTUS.
more rap songs saying fuck trump
A Message To #Trump Supporters Who Attacked Me and My Letter To #Hillary Clinton | People's Court
. @realDonaldTrump .. o O ( I AM WINNING FLORIDA 38-28, OHIO 26-17! Send money? I am so sad, and so alone, with no pussy to grab #MAGA )
That makes for some serious frequent flier miles. Good Luck tomorrow, we all are counting on you and #MikePence to #MAGA
@pnicastro1 we the people are proud of you Mr Trump. Keep it up, God bless and be with you.
Hillary has our vote
FOR LOVE OF GOD FAMILY AND COUNTRY VOTE TRUMP! #HILLARYFORPRISON
tomorrow's your lucky day sir!
Someone's getting scared...lah lah lah lah la-ah!
Do the right thing NC!!!
Brand new day. What a relief
reverse that for % of the vote.....
let's be rid of you...that will ale America great again!
vote Trump
LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL
You say you want to get rid of the "political elite ".Wouldn't that make you a dictator? And all suddenly becomes clear..
@franco_dimuro
@ABC @ABCPolitics  @ABC7 um where r u getting your poll results twitter d twitter d tv?
God bless. You're doing amazingly!
Congratulations at dividing the nation and  promoting hatred!
If only that were the amount of books you read and not the amount of times you rambled incoherently on stage
We are praying for you
. WAITED ALL NIGHT. BETTER THAN WAITING FOR SANTA CLAUS !!!! WOOT HOOT! ! Way to keep it pushin'. You never gave up on us!!
Get er done, Mr Trump!
keep winning the masses are with you, as the evil men and women fight fruitlessly to bring you down. They should be paid .
You've already lost you vacuous drink of Fanta. What are you gonna do now? Declare bankruptcy again? #ElectionFinalThoughts
you win.
North Carolina loves @realDonaldTrump
who are you and what have you done with the batshit crazy Donnie Drumpf?
can't even use your own twitter!
you could have won big! You ignored seniors on SS. You could have announced that you support no Fed Inc Tax on SS income..
Please read this its amazing
congratulations POTUS-elect
.@realDonaldTrump Easy to out-pace the Great Napper! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

A racist Trump supporter was caught on camera demonstrating exactly why you need to get out and vote: 
