Yeah, man! Congrats! Newt is a truly reputable source. Definitely not an a-hole in ANY way.
@TheLastRefuge2 but he lost the actual debate.
polls don't mean shit. Hillary won. Period.
he lied, yelled, interrupted Hillary and was rude to Holt. She was cool/calm
great newt is a troll
Wow. Someone who you almost gave the VP slot to said you won. All objective sources say you lost. Sad! Bad!
These Nazis on twitter are all sweating LIKE A DOG after Trump's big loss! Good news!

@AltReich1488 @realDonaldTrump
DOG.

SWEAT.
don't thank (a) God for that. Thank the election budget. Some women (as men) can be bought, you know... @Alex__Katz
time to focus on what America needs. Jobs and security 
anything to lift the false hope of the Republican party. You got destroyed by @HillaryClinton
you sounded really unwell tonight. Get some rest before the next one x
well 1 out of 320million votes isn't bad 
like every guy in his 70s doesn't look like that^
Your tied with #CriminalHillary in Minnesota!!!  She is in serious trouble!!
don't get bogged down in defending yourself next time you gave her a pass on her emails re. Cyber Secutity
Yes you won Trump.  Won the award for the WORST DEBATE PERFORMANCE EVER HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!
NOPE
Well, I'm not reading history shit for the rest of my life then.
Your mirror image said 'a historic victory for Trump' NICE!
Die.  Whoa.  Inspiring.  
Have an awesome night. Sleep well knowing you wish death upon others
Yeah, but he's never been right about anything.
You had your ass handed to you; you did NOT win.
*an historic
and you said you were smart for not paying your federal income taxes lmao just stop. You're ridiculous
I'd tell you to keep going to further destroy yourself, but your brainwashed supporters still wouldn't get it
Trump, the king of word salad.
.@realDonaldTrump @newtgingrich When Ur done your circle jerk,google this: 
"who won the trump clinton debate" You Lost. You Lost. You Lost!
@Rschooley @newtgingrich Except you got beat by 2.8 MILLION VOTES...BAAAAAAAHAAHAAAHAAHAHA
big head Gingrich?  I wouldn't brag.
great debate! You showed great restraint.
an*
@rlockrocks
Ummm hardly...when are you dropping out? Don't you have some KFC that needs eating? #glutton
check out
Were you watching the same debate as the rest of the world??? Lmao Trump got schooled!!!

@HillaryClinton
???????????????????
What channel was he watching, sci fi????
is it 'bigly' or 'bigley'? Toddler# @washingtonpost @nytimes @nypost @AC360 @USATODAY @AP @FoxNews @ABC @CNN
Newt would blow you in Times Square for a cabinet post, so he's not a real impartial source. Christie too.
Which will you reveal first, your tax returns or your strategy to accomplish anything you say you'll do? #LyinTrump
don't be drawn in mr. Trump. Prepare better for your next 2 debates.
@TeamTrump @HillaryClinton @JudgeJeanine and the next two will be SLAM DUNKS no matter how much she practices
.. you a comedian now..?..... #foxnews
there were so many missed opportunities tonight;
nobody knows victory like newt..... 2.50 GAS NEWT!
no, Trump is the liar. And we all saw it. You have no idea how much his supporters embarrass our country.
Oh yeah! #HillaryForPrison #Killery #MurderingHillary. Trump is an angel next to #Killery!!
The country's laughing at you.
Even your racist degenerate voters
Know it.
#ReadABook
words
It was! FOR AMERICA!
@maddow @MSNBCChris @realDonaldTrump @newtgingrich hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!

Unfortunately for your candidate is going down the tubes. A sick man.
You can always count on a habitual liar to lie for a fellow habitual liar.
awww... Trump got knocked the fuck out
And a few days later said .. “You can’t tweet at 3:00 in the morning. Period. There’s no excuse. Ever.
dream on fuckstick
LOL, Fabulous vocabulary
man-child, check with Hannity
LOL
and when she started in on your income tax you should have mentioned
#Biased
Who?

So when he says Make America Great Again, it really means not losing all that atrociously?
mr. Trump you have to get much tougher on this you cannot be Mandy Pandy about this she's out to kill
Go to bed. Both of you. There's a whopper of a headache waiting for you tomorrow. #SnifflingTrump

agreed!
Nobody hates the Clintons more than #Newt ---- The biggest #Hypocrite of our lifetime.
Newt said what He also said he would love and honor his wives... Helloooo!!
. Stop fooling yourself he was lousy.
Go for it #sniffles all the way to BIG LOSS on election night #NeverTrump #ImWithHer
one of your supporters. You are starting to embarrass yourself. You didn't win.
http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2016/09/presidential-debate-donald-trump-iraq-war …
I agree
you do coke tonight,all that sniffing nothing wrong with mic
Looking forward to seeing you 12 days from now, Donald, at your next debate! I know you'll win even bigger!!!
Trump got tired. Needed nap.
SHUT UP
stop following him if you don't like it
She didn't have an ear piece she was given the questions b4 the debate Find a way to destroy her in the next

you lost, period.
Not bad  1st debate. Looking forward to better questions in next one. No TAXES/RACE-More JOBS/ECO
what was he drinking
for gods sake, attack Hillary next time!! Clinton foundation, Benghazi, Saudi Arabia arms deal, email!!!
hahahahahaha OK Buffoon...... hahahahahahahahahahahaha yeah the microphone..
Mr. Trump, think how far you’ve come! From the escalator in Trump Tower to the elevator in the polls. #Trump!
Who is Gingrich? Another cheater!
please hit the benghazi issue. Emails. How belgium isnt doing anything in nato. You need to be prepared.
Just go back to your filthy tower. Never darken our nation again you monster.
Newt's just humoring you, big guy. @realDonaldTrump @newtgingrich
Haven't heard so much sniffling since the 80's living in Fla. Or is Trump allergic to fact-checkers w/microphones Ice-Baby
newt gingrich sucks dick

Great. Another serial philanderer.
Round 1: This is just a beginning. We will finish off in next 2 rounds. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
He got owned this is what being prepared for a debate looks like - #VetsforHillary
Oh please Newt. THAT WAS HORRIBLE. Get it together for the next one. You were doing  so  well  before debate
Newt is stupid
He is being nice Mr.Trump...you took the BAIT! You are too easy to get to & should have just slammed Hillary.
YOU WON! You showed restraint! This debate was about perception! It was a different kind of win for you!
Hillary will create her own demise!!
HA HA HA HA HA ROFLMAO!!!
yo he called you adequately competent. Not a ringing endorsement homie.
One down. Two to go. You were good, Mr. Trump, but you can be better the next two times.
Riiiiiiiggggghhhhhhhhht!
Ha! How hard will you suck for a cabinet position @newtgingrich ? LOL
.@realdonaldtrump @newtgingrich You were a DISASTER - you failed even with conservative polling groups.
Unfortunately no you didn't.  So many missed opportunities.  Hope you do better next time.
reaching just a little bit I'd say there guys!!
lie
HILLARY WON LOL YOU TWIT!!!!!
Congrats!!!!! Hmong WOMAN for Trump
Trump was that really water in that glass.
The #AmericanPeople said #CrookedDonald is #Hillary2016 Bitch! #TrumpTrainWreck #ShowYouTaxes #CrookedTrump
SO PROUD TO BE  DEPLORABLE.SO PROUD OF YOU.OUTSTANDING.
total loser can not win anything for the country
Hillary & Lester had u on the defensive all nite. That's NOT winning!
The news discussion is all about how Clinton mopped the floor with trump. Your friends lie to you!
is one of the best #GOP liars and scammers of all time but you have outdone him. #Nevertrump #Debate2016
@Science1Music @newtgingrich Certainly, it is.
Tee hee...you lost fair and square...in the process, you made a fool of yourself.
Did he also call you a hedgehog?
Great job Donald...Now,its on to round 2. #HispanicStill4Trump #NoHillary2016 @SleepyHillary
Gingrich is an idiot.  If you're taking his advice you're dumber than I thought and that's a pretty low bar
donald....he lied to you.
Newt is a loser Wo cares what he thinks. Like you LOSER DON
.. More like a historic FAILURE! YOU SUCKED AT THIS DEBATE THING! CLINTON DOMINATED! YOU DIDN'T! SAD!
yeah that's what suck-ups and sycophants do
It is safe to say u definitely don't have the black vote. U r still presenting this narrative about blacks...
wish when unsecured emails were mentioned, put our security at risk and Clinton foundation only gives 6 % !
You consider an attaboy from a disgraced former speaker of the house (who's in your pocket) a great thing?
I didn't see one thing you said that was historic! Seriously nothing you said made any sense all ramblings 
LOL @newtgingrich also said "Trump can't learn what he doesn't know because he doesn't know he doesn't know it".
He's lying Mr Drumpf . I believe you call it "spinning". Sounds better than lying I guess.
it wasnt, actually
And let Satan stand at his right hand.
of course.  Silly
You both are "a historic American Disgrace". So much lies no substance to change the reality 99% of Americans
Trump you are The Man who will change The World YOU!!!
Bot Hillary
dude u got spanked and America Watched and we all Laughed
What do you expect him to say?  He's up your ass...You once again embarrassed this country last night!
and the rest of the country says Hillary won. As if NG's opinion is of ANY value.
QUIT PATTING YOURSELF ON THE BACK,,YOU LOST!!!DUMMY
@Bruce_LeVell @newtgingrich You truly should be ashamed of yourself and  ur org., Make America White!

Crooked Hillary kept stumbling over her lies once again.  So sad.
Crooked Hillary going over in her mind comebacks for all of her ill-gotten activities and kept her guessing
I'm sorry, who? Do you mean ex-speaker, serial adulterer, formerly relevant pillsbury dough boy Newt Ginrich?
Newt is Old and out of Touch he needs a Real Job and is looking to you.  The Trump Post Office may use him.
@riskyliberal well he is stupid if he thought that,you choked badly on race
Actions r most important. Blitz of Ad's hit her: "Memory Lane: your words but39 times not remember to FBI?"
he was playing the Trump fact check drinking game, of course he said you won, he's hammered.
Nice becuz he is a great historian.
Awwww, thanks Uncle Newt. That sure means a lot to me.
LOL
@ Oh and he's credible . That side by side made you look real uncomfortable. What's up with the air sucking noise ?
CNN IS BIAS!!!
take what you can get I guess?  #sniff
Trump choked real bad... And you all know it.
not releasing your taxes isn't criminal- not releasing 30k emails is criminal - why didn't trump attack that?
.@realDonaldTrump @newtgingrich 

We will let actual history decide, liar.

#TrumpLies
.@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends 

Discuss #TrumpLies

…
Nut is as big of bigot as you
always with red with trump 
lol...that's funny
way to go Trump I'm with you man voting for you here in Michigan

More ...
BULLSHIT
BULLSHIT
BULLSHIT
BULLSHIT
BULLSHIT
BULLSHIT
BULLSHIT
BULLSHIT
BULLSHIT
BULLSHIT
BULLSHIT
go to bed looser
you deny things that there is proof of. You are in a taped interview commenting about pregnancy being...
