This needs a video!
Many people are saying, Pence is the better guy. Many many people, I heard.
#CrookedHillary = #Worst #candidate
#Experience:
#Failure
#BodyCount
#Corruption!
Worst?
@TomAdams9999 @usedtobgop @realDonaldTrump @AveryChasten
thinks selling #america out to the highest bidder like #CrookedHillary is good...
@usedtobgop @realDonaldTrump @AveryChasten
Just a Lying trump #ShitPoster>@TomAdams9999 
@usedtobgop @realDonaldTrump @AveryChasten

tell that to the millions who are better off today than before #Obamacare. Let's see how much love u get taking it away.
How about the millions that aren't?
good question. Why don't both parties work on it? Nah, we need the money to fight some silly wars.
The difference between them is nothing!
1 in 5 never had a war on his hands while in the presidency. Guess who?
peanut boy enabled ME to go wild signaling it was ok to mess with the US.
unlike GWB who brought peace, democracy and prosperity to the ME under the cover of 9/11. Nice try.
This says a lot I wasn't a fan of either Bush's.
I thought he looked more like a creepy clown.
ok, why doesn't it work? b/c it should be run by government, not private companies.
Not in the USA, it is not a power or responsibility the govt. has under the Constitution
well, how about changing that, across the aisle. A possible ammendment comes to mind.
How about NO! Healthcare is a business not a right. Laws should be passed that allow the free market to work.
that's where we disagree. But that's fine. I'm living in a country where healthcare is a basic right. #switzerland
and we now can't afford any insurance at all.
I will still vote for Donald trump.All of this is smear tactics hang in their Donald.All this is bullshit.
yes thanks @billclinton for confirming what Trump has been saying about @BarackObama care all along lol
@HillaryClinton
unconstitutional as well check out the 13th Amendment you will see what I mean it's indentured servitude
Never compliment your enemy even if they're right.  He is trying to steal your position on the issue.
If Trump becomes President of the Sun, he will try building a wall around Sun to stop the light reaching to the Planets.
@Keith_Avila That's a first BUT of course, it's all just "gameplay", to get his evil lesbian Wife elected.  DUH
why don't you give those tiny hands a rest
You finally say something smart for once...
@az_valentine What?..A Clinton who stated the truth?? I think I am going to pass out!!!
YOU'RE SLIME
To bad you can't tell the Truth...
@realdonldjtrump  than  you  should not complane  about hillry  fbi  invstgtion hahaha # conflact
Sounds like he was talking about you, actually.
Bill also admitted Obamacare is crushing small businesses & is a job killer.
needs to be tweaked not obliterated
Oh it needs 2b obliterated. It was Obama's gift 2 corporate healthcare insurance monopolies
opposite actually
Yeah it doesnt ,you want to know why ? 5 republicans and 2 Democrats wrote it . The only reason Gop voted yes . So shut it
#DOOFUSDONALD you and your boy mr. Pence and the rest of the #COWARDLYLIARS should try telling the truth too!
.. The Deplorable Care Act

Probably one of the only times, he's ever told the truth. Obamacare is a joke
Does that mean that he's off the hook for all the fake transgressions, Pendejo?
according to EdKline Obama call HRC everyday tells her what to do he moves down street calls HRC everday tells what to do

thats basically +3 more, it still isn't near the level of hillarys policies
@realdonldjtrump Donald is going down and fast!!
lol  all of them are crazy
Why would you punish women for having abortions?  You said you would.  The truth or another lie?
@NetworksManager He is just trying to bail Hillary out knowing she would have change it and alienate her supporters
Trump Health Care Plan: About 79 million-more than 1 in 4 Americans-either without health insurance or underinsured ?

Gee, ya screwed this one up didn't U DT?
Except it does work and does make sense. It just needs improvements so it can apply to more people.
Lol. Finally, he tells the truth.:)  #MAGA #TrumpPence16 
keep on lying. Unhinged unfit unqualified untruthful = unelectable. Your dangerous ramblings are obvious.
# SALAFI
Yeah well without it, can you do the math of how many people won't be able to afford healthcare?
if anyone knows how to fix it, it's Hillary!
hire professional  you don't care what was said 11 years ago. if they stole lied  bribed deceptive you will care.
|| Bill Clinton is right about something? Who would've thought?
Bill doesn't want her to win. He just wants to retire and get out of the country before they both end up in jail
what's your plan? Then we'll see how much senseless it makes. Do our grandchildren a favor and stay out of politics!
Most truthful statement by our former president!
We have to sell our house due to Obamacare....Judy
Nothing will work if you are elected!
GET OVER IT!!!
I am facing a 65% increase in my policy plus 100% increase in dental policy out here in CA. #Unaffordable #ObamacareFail
@stormforceman21 @realDonaldTrump 

Read about DHIMMITUDE. Pg 106 of Obama's Healthcare bill. He slipped that in!
So you're in favor of single-payer, like Bill was saying, right?
How the hell does an unemployed person afford a plan with a 5000.00 deductible? Outrageous. #MAGA #TrumpPence16 @GOP
He needs to start beating the drum on the outrageous Sandy fraud and how many still not home.
U mean trump? U have to write to his campaign & pose those questions.

Time for new material bud... this spin is old news.. nice try though
You're just stupid & deplorable. Obama is disgrace to US.
GO DJ GO!!!
is the closest personification of satan,publicly professing his innate wickedness.As the story goes, #GodALWAYStrumpssatan.
Go away.
my husband has cancer I pay 500.a month we need help

he sure did :) #TrumpPence16
Bill is voting for Trump. No way does he want the scrutiny of being in the WH. #MAGA
source?
the truth hurts.
@timkaine Tim kaine reminds me jack Nicolas is the shining whacked and psycho

Only an idiot would tell ISIS what their plan is.
well, that idiot has cost countless lives by sitting on a perfect plan & doing nothing. Murderer!
Just have to love twisted liberal logic. Trump hasn't murdered anyone.
Its the same style of  twisted logic being used against hillary.
it is said that rapists hold similar political views when it comes to obamacare.
people like you screwed up America + will continue to. Because yeah. You'll probably win. Just thankful I don't live there.
what do you propose if you take O'care away? You know for the rest of us born with plastic spoons in their mouths?

sounds like a liberal...liberals hate facts 
Bill Clinton has AIDS 
probley what's wrong With Hillary , Bill infected her with it ..
.@realDonaldTrump people will find out what a disaster Obamacare is during open enrollment this year
yeah but by then it will be too late if sick Hillary and crazy Tim Kaine are in there
.@LisaLoni14 @realDonaldTrump Tim Kaine is as crazy as he is creepy if he thinks he actually stopped Iran nukes!
You want to go back to poor kids dying of curable diseases for being poor, right? While billionaires pay no taxes, right?
@OStincer I think he said it's flawed. He's right. But it's a step in the right direction.  What's your plan, Chief?
do very much appreciate you calling me chief can we make it commander-in-chief LOL
for the first time!  Maybe's he's got amnesia?!
Obamacare is now officially broken, as planned.  Now, if God forbid, Hillary wins she will roll in single payer care.
Your lying again and may be some of your voters will believe you, but a pathological liar won't attract new votes.
Yes ! Truth always comes out !!
never thought I would live to hear a Clinton tell anything truthful must be a slip up get back to the BS Bill
Finally an HONEST Statement from a Clinton!
It doesn't allow you to see any doctor for almost a month. It seems worse then it is for the veterans. Sad
Remember, the insanity of Obamacare began as "HillaryCare"
Health-care coverage is NOT/WILL NOT be effective until collusion between insurers/Pharma/University Hosp. are stopped.
those don't go together in a sentence !! Tell the truth ?! Bill ? Hillary?! Biggest corrupt out there!!
Trump fans heckle 7-year-old girl with disabilities for trying to leave Colorado rally early
Now there's something new...the Clintons telling the truth.  Go Trump!
@latinaafortrump  Maybe the first time he has spoken the truth.
First and last time he has ever told the truth, oops
so you're a fan of the first President Clinton again?
first time Clinton has ever told the truth hope it doesn't kill him
a first for old bill.
Bill Clinton Kills The Bogus Obamacare Criticism Story Completely Dead via @politicususa
This claims the mainstream media is trying to help Trump's campaign. You lose all credibility immediately.
No, it just tells what Bill Clinton actually said. @politicususa
Read it it says the corporate media is trying to "prop up" Trump's campaign.
I hope u really go after Crooked Hillary hard at debate. Expose her!
@DaysofCondor it does work, and it doesn't have to make sense for it to work you simpletons
lol the reality is different mate
facts don't care about your feelings mate. Premium costs are lower than Pre ACA estimates, 20m insured
tell that to bill Clinton
bill and Crooked Hillary is about Obama care
big hurricane = big property deals !!
We are sick  and tired  of crazy  Obamacare
probably the first time in his life
finally a Clinton tells the truth whew thought it wasn't possible.
#TRUMP IN 2016!!!!
#2amprayer every morning during  #DaysOfAwe  #2chron7:14 #TrumpForPresident
Thanks Bill ! You just made Mr. Trump a new free ad!!!
Repeal and replace Obamaxare
start with you
WHAT MADE BILL MESS UP LIKE THIS??????HIS MIND
@WAGNERGIRLE The irony that the perjurer in the family is the only one who can tell the truth
Another clown sighting...wait...its just #DonTheCon #WhereAreYourTaxes #BillionDollarLoser #DaddyBailout
sir debate with Jill Stein
Trump is a Welfare Queen
don't you mean President Bill Clinton. Show some respect. Or are you all really friends ?

This was on Facebook today. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/mike-pence-used-campaign-funds-to-pay-his-mortgage--and-it-cost-him-an-election/2016/07/15/90858964-49ed-11e6-bdb9-701687974517_story.html …
please  talk about the failure of obamacare at the next debate
: Sir. I'm wondering where you stand on the Hill-Burton Act as an alternative to #Obamacare? Thanks!
guevon derrogatory in spanish
Yep..and if anyone out there is looking for an affordable alternative I represent a Christian based option with no penalty
yes what he said it should be a one payer system import drugs for pricing and reign in insurance companies.
Clinton camp is creating cover for her on Obama's most controversial legacy right b/f election. You're helping w/ that?  
he meant it is crazy that so many ppl are insured but we have shortage of healthcare ppl... Taxes please?
https://www.google.com/amp/www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/501161/?client=safari …
You know nothing about truth.  You lie constantly.

then why dont u try it. Telling the truth, that is! HAHA

@patriotfounder So Donald now as POTUS you don't fix it you dump ALL OF IT! Big Govt. out of the way right Donald?
I can't believe that he said that and it is the truth if they can even be truthful
sometimes they mess up and tell the truth...very rare
for me its perfect. I pay my taxes.
Remind Millennials that voting Hillary is voting to stay in the basement.
There is a first time for everything and that was his first truth for darn sure.
-  Hillary had to love his remark!!!  He's correct......she isn't!!!
Helped my wife with her heart and stomach surgeries we couldn't have afforded otherwise this this year!
Ha! @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump  = @billclinton Kills The Bogus Obamacare Criticism Story Completely Dead http://www.politicususa.com/2016/10/05/bill-clinton-kills-bogus-obamacare-criticism-story-completely-dead.html …
neither is supporting policies that have made income inequality worse for 60 years, namely liberal welfare practices #MAGA
so why do you support #Obamacare on steroids?
you may want to bring that up at the debate don't forget Benghazi and emails and Clinton Foundation
Trump's daddy spoon fed him cash, and all he did was shit bankruptcies.

http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-federal-income-tax-records-506713 …
There is a first for everything!

nice try, Trump didn't do anything illegal. Your side is so desperate to stop Trump, this is all you have.
I can get insurance without worrying about preexisting conditions. I cannot be denied coverage. Works for me for now.
By the way Mr. Trump.  Are you hiring anywhere in Maine? Going to lose my job soon thanks to unintended consequences of ACA
Is Dover, NH close enough full time paid turf director needed
Dover is about a 2 hour drive.  However, for the right incentive I would go in a NY minute.
Hillary and Bill Clinton are crazy if they think America wants more corruption in the white house.
Know what else is crazy and doesn't work? YOU!
please get out of Governor Pence's way. He is the better candidate
try the full quote moron. Single payer for all
all of us weren't handed over millions of dollars!   Some of us have to work 2, 3 and 4 jobs to survive!
many people are right. Mike pence should have been the candidate, not you
If it is "crazy","doesn't work", and "doesn't make sense" then shouldn't it be called trumpcare? Ooops I forgot. You don't.
could also be slick move to promote  single payor, Clintons always have motives
too bad for Bill, Hillary is fighting to enlarge Obamacare.
thank you for your humour
WOW!  An endorsement from @billclinton
http://www.rawstory.com/2016/10/trump-fans-heckle-7-year-old-girl-with-disabilities-for-trying-to-leave-colorado-rally-early/ … #basketofadorables
AMERICANS HURTING..TAKE KIDS TO DOCTOR OR BUY FOOD FOR FAMILY..QUESTION FACING MANY AMERICANS. NO LIFE!
MANY FAILED POLICIES KILLING AMERICA! NO MORE!
Like you would know TRUTH
the rest of that story is he doesn't want it thrown out but wants to build on it and make it better. Whereas u have no plan
You don't have a better policy!
I hope your replacement policy will be affordable to employed also non employed,sick, the job hunters     if u have a plan?
How do you know, you're truth blind?
hit her hard on all her issues
So what is your solution to Health Care Donald?
It makes sense to millions of people covered,  who weren't previously.   It matters to people with pre-existing conditions.
Bill Clinton is voting Trump/ Pence 2016...way to go Bill...
do you know that Hillary will move the country forward. BTW, exercise every day. That is good for your health.
little by little the truth will prevail ; go Mr Trump!
