we will continue to spread the truth #CrookedHillary
says the technology-idiot. Do you think someone edits google?? Do you even know how search engines work?
You mean like your child rape and fraud cases?
@moekamerow yes, but ur base is fighting back @them with you pointing out shills
Where did u go to school? Jesuit school?
I have the same 1! Georgetown Undergrad, Rockhurst Masters & University of SD Law but I am a Methodist. Jesuits they r AMAZING!
still have my old Roledex w/all the old guards # and their old school cell #. Left DC after 9/11 in 2003
Why don’t you demand it doesn’t happen? My God are we just going to let all this corruption go unpunished? The government &politics are just a great big mob.
Wow, Donald is burying the truth as usual. Very dishonest Donald! Surprised?
Love u sir! Can your boys start a new conservative owned social media?:):)
Do you mean the dictator media site? Isn't that Fox News?
But all the other hate Trump, liberal controlled media you wouldn't label dictator media? This is how conservatives know #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder!
I sat that they all have a right to their opinions but you can't believe everything from one source without checking out others.
When you actually pay attention to the president by listening to him speak, you know when they are lying-97% negative, and really just propaganda! Never thought I would see such communist propaganda in this country! Praying we are all able to discern truth! God is truth!
He has lied more than any other president ever. Sad that our country falls for his lying.
That was Obama!
Good try. Go look it up.. the truth is in the facts. Over 2000 lies last year alone. Fact checked.
paid off or they got dirt on them
Lost in freedom of speech. Let me take your hand. https://s-4-v.blogspot.com 

Hope they lose it all!
President Trump no worries we know what time it is...
You can appoint special counsel.  Facts are there and they are dirty
The very same 'media' stampeding you and our finest servicemen to war on the basis of a blatant false flag in Syria!
Don’t forget http://Dynadot.com 
@realDonaldTrump
The Liberals' tweets below: not aging well. 

You were warned.
We don’t need them!  We won’t forget !!
As usual. That's why we listen to you.
They aren’t burying you getting DESTROYED at the WHCD last night though. Michelle Wolf is a comic genius
Since you mentioned it, I found this today.
The American SS Exposed https://youtu.be/hSvSqvFwfUk  (At mark 45:00) (In Sept 2009, @TomFitton proved @HillaryClinton had GSA contracts where she paid #Facebook to write a template for winning elections. A Russian engineer at FB hired #India to do the work.) #MAGA
They'll be raising hell once she's in that orange jump-suit!
Absolutely worth a revisit... Considering what's underway today directly relating to Clinton. Google search is censoring/hiding all search results of such. Twitter and Facebook seem to be deleting posts related and banning users like crazy.
The List:  https://twitter.com/_VachelLindsay_/status/971287728083079173 …
Dissolve the CIA!!
now we know why - they propped her up as well as helping to foist Obama on us all.
Where are your tax returns? #DishonestTrump
The #fakenews are all @georgesoros paid #domesticterrorists that need to be prosecuted for the POTUS defamation of character and vile attacks on women close to our POTUS such as @KellyannePolls and @PressSec!
I think we can change "dishonest" to outright treasonous now can't we?


don't forget CNN
says the sexist, rascist, tax avoiding letch. #GrabThemByThePussy #YourTimeIsOver
LMAO coming from the party of giant cartoon vaginas. What jackass thought this was a good idea? 
#FireMueller
#DeepState
#DrainTheDeepStateSwamp 
#Zuckerberg 
#DrainTheSwamp 
#DrainTheDeepState 
#MAGA
#KAG
Should Robert Mueller be fired in light of illegal actions taken against Michael Cohen?

VOTE & RT!

Sexual assault is a crime.
The main part of sexual assault is the assault part. You actually need to assault someone.
Exactly my point as well. Looking forward to the results of the December trial, as well as future trials.

No, we're telling you he was sued in 1997 for it, and kept doing it:
Oooh, sure, you think I'm gonna believe that anti-Trump website? Its bias is obvious.
And by the way, check what the "pure" Hillary has been doing for years: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12zVlaZyX3Q …
so what's your link to Russia seems there's emails between you and your best bud Putin, you're a menace to US security
lol. Those are the VOTERS speaking about what THEY care about.
you are the showsen one by God you arethesavior of America may God Bless you and your family
she is going down! So excited that you will be our POTUS.
You are a molester that belittles not only women but everyone else. But the deplorables believe you.
welcome to Michigan!
Except there is no criminal investigation. Stop misleading people. Any updates on Trump University Fraud case? Rape case?
maybe she can delay, steamroll, and lie her way through investigation like you have so often in your business life#trumplie
will be POTUS on 8th November . Mark my tweet.
you do know that the new president doesn't actually get sworn in til January right?
How can we effectively reach the millennials? As a parent of a 25yo dtr, I feel defeated. The #MSM has her brainwashed :-(
That's why a lot of us stopped watching them! We get our own info on here, now...we'll, what's not silenced.
three very intellectual and savvy companies....hmmm find it hard to believe your latest rant!
get real, you have lied your whole life
.@realDonaldTrump Go away. I'm tired of you. You're not honest, you're not dignified, you're not presidential. You're an embarrassment.
maybe you should try reading a book instead. I heard good things about All Quiet on the Western Front
mr trump I have supported you day 1 please stay on message let your surrogates deal with fb and other stuff you above this
he's so obviously not 'above this'. Have you not been paying attention to him for the past year? Come on man!
you need tongue the corrupt media when you become President.
Clinton and cronies in phill Monday why don't you go to Chicago or Detroit with common folk
STAY FOCUSED. USE THIS NEW INFO TO UR ADVANTAGE. DONT ARGUE OR DEBATE WITH ANYONE ON TWITTER PLEASE
You are the president put your damn footdown & drain the swamp. Get that bish!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sad day to know all of this censorship. Go Trump Pence 2016!
Not so much dishonest Donald, as incompetent,otherwise your rape trail in Dec. would take its rightful place as lead story
you are an idiot!
@FBI @GOP CAN USA avoid  constitutional crises by keeping criminals out of our White HouseIs HILIARY a criminal 
They also buried your tweet about their dishonesty
The all out MSM assault/social media censorship is due to #Globalist losing/#MAGA winning

The Dems are just trying to overthrow our country, think about it.
Wow! Hillary's opponent is making up innuendo about Comey's non-substance letter. @BBCPolitics @daytonatimes @KeyWest
but WE. Arent!
You complain too much Mr Trump ....With all due respect ,just focus on your race and stop blaming the media for everything


They're also burying your rape case.
Former Rep. Joe Walsh (R-Ill.), a vocal supporter of Trump, said the timing of the letter was "unfair" to Clinton.
"Without additional context, your disclosure is not fair to Congress, the American people, or Secretary Clinton."
Hillary will be president with or without the emails story,she is leading in all polls except on trump's polls lol!!!
ur that creepy dad that we all remember that we now warn our daughters about
I didn't know World of Warcraft was considered to be media... #Level99Warlock
We aren't . CNN is turning on her. Take the high road MrTrump. GO VOTE #HappyHalloween #2016election #mondaymotivation
While there is some truth to how The Media covers issues, the manner in you point that out is useless.
Have YOU read the letter?!? Have you heard a bi-partisan list of DOJ personnel have criticized Comey?  We know NOTHING!
So when will you be honest with yourself???? Probably not soon enough.
yea we need to get back on topic - like your rape case or your tax returns - what are you hiding??!! #showyourtaxes
The Media is stupid and still believes in the pot of gold at the end of the Hillabutt rainbow.
perhaps, but the word is on the march. No matter, you are in the new seat. Hillary not only lost, but is lost. Go DT
WOW☆FOX reported if HRC wins n gets convicted, SHE COULD PARDON HERSELF☆O PLS PEOPLE WAKE UP N VOTE TRUMP☆NOT 4 YRS CORRUP.
Hillary is not the issue here! Wow!
Not talking about Huma's lawyers negotiating with FBI either. No media coverage either
What I DONT hear more of is your pending rape case!
it was me. I did that. Blame me.
Seriously, do you just make this stuff up?
ur a JOKE !
They won’t be able to bury this one. This is why Hillary HAD to win. They knew if she lost the corruption couldn’t be covered up, and would eventually get out.
where's your tax returns??? ask Putin, maybe he'll let you release them.
don't worry...we got your back and we the #TrumpNation are spreading it far and wide!
Have sessions shed some light on it. Lol
No sweat. We've got your back, all 63 million of us.
@RepStevenSmith PEOPLE are hearing
Please politely ask Obama NOT to pardon Hillary if convicted
don't you have a bankrupt hotel to open or one to close and put people out of work. Go away already
Agreed ..
There's always FOX!!  They inform, they don't bury stories.
You think you in Hollywood you messing with the Government and just using Comey name for play. They gonna get u.
the media has always been dishonest.
SHUT UP... SNITCH
HILLARY IS A CROOK ! She is the Consummate  LIAR ! She should be in Jail !
here's a thought then; Don't use SOCIAL media for news. 90% is opinion, just like your 'facts'.
You're BTS crazy
So corrupt, shame on them!
@crazycatkid We're doing our best to get it out there!
Yes please offer a program for up and coming Computer Geeks to make a new platform and let’s call it #MEGA
stfu you're so unintelligent it's not even funny and not to mention as a presidential candidate you're really immature
@JackoffJosh711 donald the whole world is dishonest!!!! Would u expect anything more, the world runs on dishonesty and BS!!
follow me if you support Trump

ok
Social Media is NOT the equivalent (hint: it means the same, or equal) of the Media #canyouread #orangeman #clueless
et non mon Trump M- Clinton, prendra la Présidence américaine. ..

L'est's go...

Bye bye ...

Pascal
your turn is coming. Be prepared ! FBI is checking your Russian Connection.
Mr President make all of them public
Start using Instagram or gab more
very dishonest you.pay your taxes,parasite
I haven't hated anybody in my life until now. Mr. Trump, I hate you.
Facebook for sure!
@HillaryClinton knows she is defeated, Now this mad women is in a rage, But do not worry jump suit will control H
looks like you were right about the NYT as a failing paper
Wow Trump Wow Could Be True Could Be Not
@TeamTrump. @HillaryClinton So, you are back to your whine of media being 'rigged'. The only thing rigged is your brain.
Even as an atheist I think there is a special place in Hell waiting for you. #ballotsbeatbigots

What about George.W Bush. 42 million emails missing. Are you going to lock him up?
don't worry the great citizens of this great country are publicizing the crap out of it on FB, the media just stinks!!
her supporters are tearing this country up. Sad no justice just scandal! Rigged system! God bless you! Stay true!
Also @CNN @ABC @abcnews @nbc @NBCNews @CBSNews @CBS @WCVB @BBCWorld There w be a time when they will no longer be able to bury it. For now, if anyone wants to know the TRUTH about Obama & the Clinton Cartel they will have to watch @FoxNews @foxandfriends
Yup. Deeper than some bury their tax returns, or the private server that exclusively talks with the Russian 'Alfa Bank'.
send everyone something to cut and paste in Facebook!
They didn`t bury anything so lets talk abt this instead
Let Clintons make license plates..#ReleaseTheMemo
Since you hate the media so much, why don't you stop going on TV?
You will go down in history as the MOST DISHONEST PRESIDENT.
How much $$ did you put into an  off shore account for Comey?? The timing is all too suspicious.
LOOK WHAT THEY STARTED DOING TO ME WHEN I PUBLISHED SOMETHING ABOUT HILLARY'S HEALTH
@tltiger26 @realDonaldTrump @vox4america To be fair, some links are really unsafe & u could get infected.
@rharrisonfries It's time for new ground rules for the media. President Trump to the rescue.


l love you Trump
Don't you have a court proceeding in a child rape case coming up in December??

SHE GAVE OUT STATE SECRETES DURING THE LAST DEBATE. LOOSE LIPS SHINK SHPS. AS THE NAVY PUTS IT.
First pay some taxes, if you want to talk.
Nah, it's been all over the news. They should be more focused on your upcoming lawsuit about child rape though. And fraud.
yea, they should be highlighting Trump's upcoming child rape case.
because the attention is on the hitler of America aka Donald J Trump more like bitch trump
I guess to dumb it was never close
No matter what Hillary will be our next president because we the people are smart and will never put you in the white house
DONALD TRUMP’S COMPANIES DESTROYED EMAILS IN DEFIANCE OF COURT ORDERS
It doesn't matter. You're winning!The perverted lovers, Hillary & Huma,are probably going to share the cell in the end; LOL
Praise yesterday not today? Do u need drug test?
@FBI  How MANY private servers does she have ?
Why does it matter how many servers she had?  What Hillary did is "NOTHING" compared to the crimes (1/2)
@humansthathelp @Zazazaza zeer oneerlijk wil je wel een zo een land leven van dictator zoals erdogon?
@Jelneutron3 Google and Twitter aren't media lol. They don't control what is popular, we do
Fuck Google Facebook and Twitter
don't let them bury wikileaks!  Weiner's computer is a fake!
#draintheswamp  so those coconspirators can start circling the drain with her!
Very Dishonest Donnie 
You lie for a living & call it negotiations. Your lack of knowledge is about to expose you as fraud
Talk about biting the hand that feeds you.
