You did the same but questioning his birth certificate for 7 years.
Yes, and it's #FakeBirthCertificate.

You're wrong we do care about seeing your taxes.
She was like a majestic Malibu beach, anything might wash up there.
Look what a difference a year makes 
We remember! Can't really blame them though! They rolled it out for you! #Respect
A little different this time.
FROM THE LOOKS OF OBAMA'S EARLIER PHOTOS HE DOES NOT APPEAR TO HAVE MUCH CLASS OR THE PROPER UPBRINGING.  I HEAR HE IS STILL EATING MARIJUANA GUMMY BEARS!
I remember a time when foreign leaders wouldn't dare cross us. We have been severely weakened under Clinton and Obama
Yeah, now they just blackmail and buy our president.
OR THEY BUILD BETTER THINGS THAN WE DO IN USA.
Why is this tweet dated from 2016?  Is this a retweet?  That seems odd.

I MISS PRESIDENT OBAMA, I HATE CHEETOS.
.@realDonaldTrump not far from the truth, actually.  No one talks about his communist mom.
Wow this is priceless! Obama needs a reminder that he sucked then and he still sucks today
Ha ha ha ha... #ObamaSonOfAWhore #ObamaLifeOfLies  #ObamaTooCorruptForAnyone #ObamaCuckold  I love it.

#ThankYouPresidentTrump #PresidentTrumpIsAwesome #WeLovePresidentTrump
Dear @realDonaldTrump as you are going to the Philippines right now, are you going to complain about the #bad "whore" comment? 
terrible indeed
clarification please, Duterte is terrible for saying that or that a US President doesn't get respect anymore is terrible.
You think they'll provide you a red carpet?
Hahahahaa....FIRST IN HISTORY TO DINE IN FORBIDDEN CITY....
@corycasual Truth.
@corycasual it is pronounced #China #VPDebate

bye  looney  tune
From what I see old Hillary Clinton is marking this A racial thing oh and Obama too what up with that????
chingas a tu madre puto
Why would you tweet something like that. This just shows how unpresidental you are.
-terrible? NO. Respect is given when respect is earned. Obama has not earned respect of of world leaders.
You should have heard what he said about you Chump!
you don't know what the citizens of this country are calling you?
this is interesting, http://observer.com/2016/09/exclusive-hillary-clinton-campaign-systematically-overcharging-poorest-donors/#.V9tGeblUfw4.twitter …
you are deluded
as per my experience,Philippines people = SOCIAL/PSYCHOLOGICAL CANCER for people of the Community they get associated with.
if you're such a strong leader, let the moderators fact check you in real time during the debates. #LoserDonald
they'll call you worse and you'll deserve it.luckily obama doesn't throw his toys out of his pram when someone mean to him
LOL! Just shows how pathetic Democrats have become, they will elect anything to get more government hand outs!
maybe the Hillary that came back out yesterday - wasn't her- the movie "Dave"?
Our President is sensible enough to know when and when not to pick his battles.  You have bad judgement.
But questioning his birth certificate isn't terrible?
at the debate, they will try to get you to react, be prepared for that and stay cool, be presidential, you are doing good.
Why would they respect our President and you don't to include the Rep Congress and your followers.
Well,. We will see how many red carpets you will be afforded, if u become president!  Careful pointing, 3 pointing back
Well, 3/4 of America is calling an asshole.
it is essential that we expose the fact that HRC suffers from late stages of Parkinson's disease and is not fit to run
if you could hear what they are saying about you.
what's terrable about it ? It's the truth
Huff-Post reports that @realDonaldTrump used OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY for "charitable contributions." What a prince.
. I agree
Well we exactly don't have Shiney Happy Dollar With the Philipines do we?! History bites you in the backside! Mr informed!
Obama is an abomination - a disgrace to this country and the office of the President of the United States.
Yeah, but they both had a point ...
BUT NONE OF THEM SAY HE'S AN ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENT.  #YACANTFIXSTUPID
CHINA!
@brendanoe60 look at the money look at the weapons this is America's last chance this is biblical people God showing Trump
people Hillary with her open borders Christian Killers women rappers and children will come in are we prepared
@brendanoe60 yeah that is a shame but you got to keep your eyes on Obama he's evil he's building a military Muslim
well  it could be the way carnival cruise s may take advantage of their people. Kinda like you do no OT or unemployment
it doesn't matter whos our president at the moment they should give us more respect then that or go trade w others $!$
...this is very sad....we shouldn't be buying so much China's trash ..it could help them a little w respect.
No world leader respects Obama and Putin has played him for a fool, but the Pres of the Philippines calling him an sob?
What did your mother do for a living before your father married her?
imagine what they'd do to your plane and what they'd call you!
yes..terrible for president Obama defending human rights!You have so much in common with dictators
you enjoy negativity
He's only getting back for his inflammatory remarks about Donald.  As the good book says, "We reap what we sow"!
Mr. Trump Love that you tweet this info.. Appreciate your tell it like it is honesty! 
BELIVER~MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
even if you don't agree with him, no leader of this country should be disrespected like that
ROFL I LOVE THIS TWEET
And Putin said you were "flashy".
Old news. Did u forget? Alzheimer's is awful. Get brain scan.
GTH Donald. I used to think you would a possibility but now it's like you have Alzheimer's.
He's lying. Guy driving the truck that moves the stairs doesn't speak English; S. Service gravely concerned; O. solved it.
Such horrible insult to our country. Such lack of respect for our President. Not acceptable.
Black k folks call u a Bith with nails
I thought he was loved by all......!!!!? I guess not!
Maybe you shoulda talked to your comrades in China and told them to not be so obvious
lol- Hillary needs an elevator to go up and down the plane- she is a very, very sick woman- she always has a doctor on call
Why does he deserve any respect? The only thing he has accomplished is making Carter look good
...like you care
that's what happens when liberal politicians today don't stick their heads out of their asses.
we need a real leader for this country,and for me,ur the man for the job.thank you
then u say u wonna be president...ur ego and stupidity amazes me
what's bad to you ,if Obama hascalled a son of whole,lethim #diside
Yea trump really needed that 25000
but he isn't wrong!
was lied on&then repeatedly attacked by child molester terrorists whom he&The Clintons etc&dirty CIA r protecting#Truly#Sad
Why would you even repeat what was said about someone's Mother? I just don't understand you.
@Johnatsrs1949
you've called him worse things...
not as bad as you!! They know how to manipulate you!  Lol just compliment you..
imagine what they would call you!
--and the Mexican president called you a liar moments after you met with him.
LOSER
be creative in your comments.
THEY HAVE NO RESPECT FOR HIM.  THEY KNOW WHO HE IS.  HE DOES NOT LOVE THIS COUNTRY.
have you ever review the tape?
can you imagine what they would call you if you were president
maybe China can build your wall. They've done it before and made a tourist attraction out of it.
why would China put a red carpet out for America ? They fucking hate America and it's bully tactics .
the truth hurts sometimes, like obama gives 2 shits about truth. You still owe me 3 grand from Trump 29!
and you could change that how?
Did he take you loan payment to the Chinese?  Oh that's right you never make your payment to those you owe even 200 mil
Че серьёзно?
THOSE WHO TOOK DICTATION THEY ARE A LOSER.FROM BUSH TO OBAMA. THEY BADLY HURT AMERICANS INTEGRITY.
You won't even be allowed travel to Asia
#imaginewhattheythinkofyou #whitetrashwithmoney #racistasshole
You're the man who wants to build a wall and hates mexicans and you call china and the philipines terrible?
he must of been thinking of you
@POTUS @HillaryClinton @LouDobbs Ya- the World has lost respect for the United States- we need a stronger leader for Pres.
pretty sure you've called him worse things. #liar #deleteyouraccount
i heard if you go there they will cover your plane with shit
he cussed everyone just like you
@jajones338 but that's chump change compared to what the rest of America's call them
I wonder what how they would treat you
wonder what they will call u? Bet they will layout a carpet of nails for you! @HillaryClinton
I still don't know why I'm following this guy.
#terrible but true
@veganvecoh 
They have NO respect for Obama! He's shown them he's a whiner in chief!
You need to get Oprah to to Indore's you.. you will win big.. Trump 2016
Worse than son of an orangutan right sir? #Trump My contribution to ad campaign.
you loved it. I'm sure you'll use it to promote yourself in your usual rude manner
Why are you defending Barry Soetoro?
And you are dumb enough to repeat it.  You are no American.
@DHW2016 Everyone is frustrated
Forget bashing her! Keep to the issues and keep studying- U R doing Gr8! Let Rudy and others tear her up!! Karma
You wait till he describes you ;)
for once we agree.  But where is the American outrage?
Your low class comments about accomplished Americans emboldens other fools to open their pie holes.
get your facts right before barking away Donnie
Trump will do better w Putin because Putin respects strength
I live in the Philippines now and I laughed at that! Its not polite but a least someone stood up to Obama's interference!
you are Cray Cray for real. Now you are having auditory hallucinations. Can u prove that statement dump trump

Maybe there is some truth in Duterte's words?

#MAGA

#Trump2016 

#TrumpTrain
I agree
let's see your taxes!
where's your taxes!
and you needed to repeat those words for what reason exactly? Oh right because you have zero class
where's your taxes!!!!!!
and you start race Wars what makes you think you better
okay I've had enough insanity. Can somebody please tell me who the candidates are?
at least they are meeting with him you wouldn't be allowed into their country..m
it's not terrible it's funny as hell!
, really no worse than the respect you show the POTUS everyday. Even more terrible!
Donald, every child should be included in school choice every child equal opportunity not equal outcome
We don't need China or Philippine to do horrible things, we have Donald Trump.
- I hear you have a particular view re @KremlinRussia_E, wish to talk about it? Re's D #peace - #IPCC #Democracy #GMS  
A TOTALLY TRANSPARENT TOTALLY EDUCATION & EQUALITY BASED TOTALLY SUSTAINABLE GLOBAL CO-OP! A GLOBAL MISSION STATEMENT WRITTEN 4 ALL BY ALL!
AND HILLARY DIDNT LIKE YOU TRASHING OBAMA EITHER!
China loves you Don the Con. They have no choice, since you owe them 650 million dollars. Pay them #withcampaigndonations
0bama is not respected ANYWHERE. He shows NO RESPECT so why should he even THINK he's entitled to receive any respect?
If you think you'd be referred to any better on your trips, keep in mind Mexico FIRED the guy who arranged your visit.
