NON-TAX paying FAMILY,....WELFARE!
Let's talk bad judgement, genius. 3 words… CENTRAL. PARK. FIVE. @HillaryClinton @thedemocrats @gop
impeach!!!
"I have a very good brain;...I talk to myself."
the cracks are starting to show aren't they, starting to fall apart. Tick tock.... All over for you soon. Deserved demise.
Using Rommney, Gullabullyiani, Christie,...just shows THE REAL YOU.
"as soon as the election is over."
SUING TWELVE(12) WOMEN?
when?
Donald and he's Crooked brain.
STAY ABOVE THE FRAY
he's on speed... Sleep son
The word is Judgment!!!!!!
GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR SPEACH. I MEAN TWEET.
It takes a con to know a con...
ACCEPTING A PURPLE HEART:... !>>> YOU DIDN'T EARN <<<!,..just shows your real METTLE!
it "WAS," easier;.... wasn't it.
belittling NY1 for their appearance, esp when u urself overweight, is dispicable. Absolutely shameful.
Oh yes! I would say a mafia........
The man speaks the truth! Butthurt pussy's the exit is that way 
: open up that present judgement before its too late.
How many of these twitter bots are professional Russian Trolls?
Hillary Clinton is the leader that Americans need she can take America to another level
has only pedestrian familiarity with "paragon of virtue"
You violated the Cuban embargo. You won't release your tax returns. And all you can do is fixate on women's weight? #Sick
also, you owe your staffer a raise for the phrase "paragon of virtue". It almost makes you sound literate. #braggadocious
Hillary should be quiet and just get out of the race. Trump is our man for President
Stick too the Issues, Hillary has nothing else.
exactly

PARAGON? Wow...you learned a new word?!  Vocabulary increase?! Hope 4 you yet! #morningjoe @MSNBC @CNN
It's been, what, 3 days now,? And Hillary is still renting room in your head. sad.
He'll start piling garbage in there to get her out soon. #JustSlumLordThings
*sniff*
You're a truly pathetic individual
doesn't take away from the way you handled her....sad
the alicia m story was fed to the media before the debate so it was all ready to go. Check the federalist story on it
Well Donnie you MARRIED a women with some experience in the nudie biz. Did you get conned?
It was bad judgment to call the woman Miss Piggyand other names when your just as plump as she ever was. Look in the mirror
Sir. What about our Vets, bad schools, huge deficits, losing the Internet, H1b visas, health care crisis, violent crimes?
@trumpquility1 STOP...STAY ON THE ISSUES. SHE BAITS YOU AND YOU RESPOND. LET IT DIE.
just ignore her & don't let her get under your skin cuz all she does is all talk & no action of actual facts
How many dead Hookers has your creepy kids dismembered? Over/Under 50? #NeverTrump #DonTheCon
#graspingatstraws
& @HillaryClinton is a con and then some. Her days in politics R numbered. She's caught and desperate. Call her out #MAGA 
You use Bill clintons past against HC. BAD JUDGEMENT! You're no better than BC!
Because YOU have room to talk about physical beauty. Gerkin-boy.
if Melania gained five pounds would that be grounds for divorce? #LyinTrump #ClownTrain #BigCheeto
Donnie needs to look closer to home with his diet advice. Or do only women have to be rail thin?

here's one of many credible MDs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zr1IDQ2V1eM … being overweight is NOT the same thing.
Donald loves Ivanka in a not so daughter way.
unconditional love!! Heard of it??
while america is obsessed with a beauty queen who gained weight 20Yrs ago & her hurt feelings hundreds more died. In #Syria
That's Trumps fault. He has a magical plan to defeat Isis & won't tell anyone so more die.
if these could be? a worse presidency than BHO? It would be HER
#NeverHillary 
#LockHerUp 

#OnlyTrump
whoops typo! ~If there* could be~
@trumpquility1  A con set up a con!
wow..  You're clever...
Adamant, too
such a big word for a hick...  Impressive.
who's suing you today? #NeverTrump #DonTheCon
who is Hilary getting kill today. Her Cheft or a witness, they all have "accidents"
you've still not shown your tax returns
What are you talking about?  For God's sake.
you're the next Hitler
and you are intellectually lazy like the rest of Hillary's supporters
did you call her Ms. Piggy, or Ms HouseKeeping? Did you make her work out as a PR stunt? 

Answer:,yes
Conclusion: you lose
conclusion:stacked against 40+ years of Clinton's corruption it's nothing #graspingforstraws
Deflection doesn't work
you seem to overlook it from Clinton. Is it because she has a vagina? That seems to be the only reason
Where are your taxes Donald?
Then release the taxes if it's not a big deal?
@realDonaldTrump
KHillary CHillary Clinton/Satanist Obama allows ISIS to rape, mutilate, kill all Christian females in Middle East-All ages.
so can you tell me how many dollars and how many American soldiers lives you're willing to spend on Syria?
but didn't you try to get Jennifer Flowers to attend the debate for the same reason??  #StopWhining & #StickToTheRealIssues
RIGHT!?!? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDc8PVCvfKs&sns=tw …
You suffer from bad judgement responding to her desperate accusations. Grow up and QUICK!!! Policies!!! No immature banter
Nice try, but that doesn't sound like something Michelle Obama would say. She has class. #NotADeplorable like u
Where are your tax returns #DonTheCon ?
Show America your taxes so we can see your past con man.
Hillary should trade promised transcripts show America what a liar she is (again)
Of course Hillary will never release transcripts it would show America she lied (again, again and again)
a govt accountant who's happy to vote for a guy without seeing his taxes is hilarious.
Even more hilarious is how you accept politicians/gov. officials pissing your money away making U a fool.
I've been responsible for billions of tax $$ & have repeatedly seen YOUR money literally thrown away.
Hilarious ! Not very responsible of you.
Don't freaking tell me about responsibility you haven't done a damn thing to stop corruption in government
for goodness' sake Donald, will you EVER learn to spell JUDGMENT right? And where's the evidence she's not virtuous?
think it was an attempt at humor.
http://grammarist.com/spelling/judgment-judgement/ …
Funny how 4 days later y'all are the ones who can't seem to let it go.
This has to be a drunk or drug tweet! Is this a Presidential Temperament tweet?
- With help from Hollywood directors & script writers! Pls hve Hildabeast chcked for electronic ear pc at next debate!
You are amazingly idiotic.  We're not laughing near you, we're laughing AT you.
Do you really think this Alicia scandal means anything to the American people. NOOOOO
there is no sex tape. I does not exist. What a lier .
how does it feel to know you caused a young woman's eating disorder? Do you criticize your daughters if they gain weight?
Please stop falling into her trap. Stay on the important topics. Let's win this.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tu eres un pobre idiota  
You're a poor idiot  @realDonaldTrump
new thesaurus? You don't know any three syllable words you oaf
I am glad to know that you will move away from what the serpent spreads about
You talking about someone being "set up by a con" is the height of irony! LOL!!
No one cares that she starred in a reality show and gained weight when she recovered from bulimia.
- focus on programs, jobs, Green Cards for good undoc workers, peace and order. Punching back does not work all the time.
Why are you trying to blow it? Do you know how many people are depending on you or do you care. It is not all about you.
still misspelling "judgment". This isn't Great Britain.
you not fix to be president
no one cares talk about the economy talk about jobs talk about security leave the stupid crap alone
Sources close to Trump say he has been having sleepless night after Clinton battered him in the debate.
you are a girl, shrieking shrilly to be heard in a world that is no longer listening.
When did she say Machado was a paragon of virtue, liar? She was pointing out your misogyny and objectification of women.
please drop this stupid stuff and stay on crooked killarys scandals.
@TeamTrump  You should have Monica Lewinsky introduce you in the next debate it would get crooked Hillary all off guard

If this is how bad her vetting was of a former Miss U imagine how terrible she will be at vetting Syrian refugees!!!
You really love spreading lies, don't you?
She was an example of your misogyny, that you think her past has anything to do with it, proves she is right, classless.
where do you get off talking about ppl's looks or weight. Go stand naked in the mirror b4 you do it next time. Can't b good
Just like with the Justice Department, Clinton has a double standard when it comes to claims of sexism. #bimboeruptions
don't fall for HRC's bait. Suck it up and keep on your focus. You are drawing too much attention to this topic. Stop NOW!
Coming from someone with Zero Virtue. #SerialAdulterer #SerialLiar #Thief
Saying it like it is and being the biggest dick he can be. BRAVO!
you really need to ignore this & not even mention this woman's name. She's a non-factor and they're just trying to bait u
its ok.  She is running scared/crazy to think this wipes out her cover up &crazy open border to pad future dems votes NUTS
do you even know what "paragon of virtue" means?
You keep throwing Bill Clinton's infidelities out there when YOU blatantly cheated on two of YOUR wives! #Hypocrite
if we vote for you we are set up by a con.
seems to be working for her. Lighten up, change your tune a little and act presidential or you become Mondale!
Donald you are what America needs.
How many of your campaign office managers have had to resign lately? Where is Manafort?
#DumpTrump #BadJudgement
you should be above the fray man. For Christ sakes, you are running for POTUS. You've constantly made yourself unelectable.
You are falling into the smear campaign trap. Force her to talk policies and accomplishments. Talk taxes regulationsSyrians
let is go!!!!! stay on point! second 1/2 of debate she won because you let her?
CUBA, CUBA, CUBA..your company name is printed on it.
you say nothing well of women
you can't let go just like a five year old
she is a con
No Mr Trump u were set up and u have taken the bait hook line n sinker. Drop it let it go. Gone on to long
and you are showing how much of a sleeze you really are.Don't try to sell real women you are all for them.  Don't buy it
Bad judgement is calling any woman "FAT" when your body mass shows that  you are overweight  (as Dr Oz also pointed out).
you're conning America.
why are you awake? Drunk
oh and let us not forget hate for Muslims. He goes after American companies and tries to destroy them.
Irrelevant!
Oooh 'paragon' - 2 multi syllable words in one week!
- From one CON to ANOTHER!
You have to beat this whatever you want to call her PLEASE PLEASE stick to the issues
I don't expect you to know how to spell "judgment" since you have none. Please repeat 3rd grade next year.
you suffer from misogyny, racism, unfitness to serve AND bad spelling!

What kind of man stays up all night to smear a woman with lies and conspiracy theories?
HILLARY used her and will spit her out when done. Be done with all this
We were glad that Hillary was smart enough to expose you on how you treated the women of America!!!!
I remember how much u humilliate her in front of ali the press
Forget Alicia!
You have officialy lost what little mind you ever had. I think your piss yellow hair dye has killed it.
Trump sounds like a bitch fighting with ladies...This clown ain't ready for war!!

I guess "Miss Piggy" finally got a promotion from being the mexican maid, huh?
"A paragon of virtue"? Just because Alicia was another object of your abuse and resented it? Get a clue,Dirty Donald.
And you were set up by her. Listen to @newtgingrich !
please for the love of God quit taking the liberal bait don't you see
please cite where @hillaryclinton said anything about "paragon of virtue." another unsuccessful #bitchandswait. @realDonaldTrump
you would be an authority on cons wouldn't you.
are u talking about your wife?
Alicia M and the Clintons are peasants. Don't let them drag you into the gutter as you are better and smarter than them.
@23aaaaf619fc4a7 
Democrat's are desperate for fake stories
M KELLY CORRUPT AS HER "EVIDENCE"(ALICIA M)
 SISSYS WHO SHUN SOLUTIONS 2 B HEALTHYMEGYNSTOP LIESMILLIONS N "REAL" PAIN
.@realDonaldTrump Whoops! Looks like you used the British, and therefore least patriotic, spelling of judgment. #unqualified 
poor you
Yes
So you're giving yourself credit for #HillaryClinton? You're the only #ConMan here #ConManTrump #TrumpCon #TrumpPence2016
You are so fucking stupid!  I say keep on!! All of you!!
drop it.  Get back on message.
and you were set up by a bad father....no one is going to feel sorry for you on November 9th
Gawd you need to grow up -- you're such a bully and ignorant. I bet your mother would be disappointed.
did dimwitdonny actually call someone else a con???  Donald J. Trump is KingCon.  Master of deceit, some people say....
you misspelled JUDGMENT
Youre the poster boy for bad judgement
DIFICULTO QUE PUEDAS HACER TU LO MISMO,  QUE BODRIO  VERTE EN CALZONES.
Judgetment? http://nypost.com/2016/08/01/melania-trumps-girl-on-girl-photos-from-racy-shoot-revealed/ …
?really.? grow up! Your running for President of the USA, not kidergarden!

Stop wasting time DEFENDING. Miss PIGGY isn't issue. It was what HRC did to destroy the women who accused Bill. Next debate
...says Don the Con...LMAO!
U up @ 2:30 a.m. tweeting about awful comments u made 2 & about yet another woman, is 1 more example of YOUR BAD JUDGMENT!!
It has nothing to do with Mrs. Clinton or Alicia. YOU ARE DISRESPECT TO WOMEN PERIOD!
@GigiTracyXO get Debbie does Dallas at next Texas rally I'm sure Bill had her at one point or another
THE TAPE IS HARMLESS  like high school making out   its harmless
American women don't much care for victim blaming any more than they care for fat shaming..#justkeepdiggingthathole
Drop this BS Donald!  No one cares!  Hammer HilLIARy on her record lies failures immigration and her big govt status quo!
you need to do better! You need to nail Hillary in the next debate with no temper !
You are definitely NOT PRESIDENTIAL by any means whatsoever!
Yet the monster is still on the lose.
You only attack Hillary to avoid talking about the issues
We as teachers , nurses , etc have to pay tax and I've been telling my friends not all do. Big problem!
So again your mad at him over taxes,Do you know who gave him them breaks,The Goverment made the rules not him
You are a Con speak for yourself
God Bless you Mr. Trump. We want to support your issues to make America great again!
Actually, it seems that she set u up.
If nobody on your team is telling you this, I make myself available. Tough love for our country!!! Retired Navy AGCM proud!
Get out of the mud and take the high ground, please. You can win by a landslide.
It's #Hellary & #MSM consciously using sociopathic opportunist to con US voters as her campaign is imploding
TERRORISTA DE MIERDA! USA DE MIERDA! TU HORA A LLEGADO!
