.@realDonaldTrump can you imagine if Hillary Clinton was suspected of having business dealings w/Russia & refused 2 release her tax returns?
.@realDonaldTrump can you imagine if, after refusing to release tax returns, Hillary Clinton then appointed cabinet members w/Russian ties?
.@realDonaldTrump can you imagine if a low class reality show "star" with zero experience were elected to the White House?
.@realDonaldTrump can you imagine that low class reality "star" pretending to be pro-life just to hoodwink conservatives?
.@realDonaldTrump can you imagine a sexual predator that thinks it's ok 2 "grab 'em by the pussy" having the gall 2 say he's "good w/women"?
.@realDonaldTrump can you imagine a pompous jackass pretending he received an election "mandate" when he's not the winner of the pop vote?
.@realDonaldTrump can you imagine having to call a man "Mr. President" that said your race were "rapists and murderers"?
.@realDonaldTrump can you image being HRC & working for 55 years in public service to then lose 2 a man who never wanted/deserved the title?
@athen3579 We have a lot of stupid lefty loons here in  Very tedious 
And you'd be called horrifying, terrifying, an impediment to peaceful transition of power! Oh, wait, they already said that
but it's not because it's real
the snowflakes would lose their minds!
Donald, your Twitter antics reveal that you are a weak, insecure individual in need of a blankie.
#NarcissisticPersonalityDisorder
.@realDonaldTrump Thankful we're not in that position
#MAGA #PresidentTrump is my PRESIDENT
Putin-Trump 2016: Make Russia Great Again! @realDonaldTrump
разве это плохо ?
- are you really talking about hypocrisy? You've hired a Goldman Exec to cabinet after ripping HRC for speaking to them.
Vets who take pride in their service/country should be outraged over the revelations of foreign election influence
Americans who take pride in their country should be outraged....Not just Vets.
Odd, all the Vets I know rather like me. BTW idle threats make you look like a bully/wimp..
yep threats made by a proud American vet are unbecoming. There were no threats made on our end
IDK who is talking about toppling. Talking about investigating corruption, yes.
Do not pay attention!We in Russia have become accustomed to this.Good luck!
This is NOT a reality television show. People's lives are affected by your actions and more importantly your words.
except there's actually facts. Contrary to your beliefs facts matter.
Share them, please.
Oh, I can only imagine how much shit you’d be losing if you had 2.8 million more votes than Hillary. #CrookedDonaldski
So, you are against an investigation then? Why?  @realDonaldTrump
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Can you imagine if you weren't the President elect how much better off Americans would be? Hope to see you leave
they never buried there son get a life American people don't have time
hmm
You bet!!
who do you admire more; 1990s Castro, 1930s Hitler, or 2010s Putin?
Shouldn't you be at the PDB?  #notmypresident
http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/trump-once-wrongly-criticized-obama-not-attending-intel-briefings-n694631 …
Hey, look what your bff is doing : https://www.theguardian.com/world/commentisfree/2016/dec/12/putins-new-ghetto-has-no-barbed-wire-fence-just-surveillance-and-harassment … do you have any similar plans ?
A pres. elect should be focused on other serious matters.....
man up and agree with an investigation. What do u have to lose. U always just want to take. Very unprofessional
off course, they would do what you do. As you do what they would do.
MAGA My President-to-be! Don't let them take you away from us. I am afraid, honestly.
or if we rioted, or wanted a recount. The Democrat people would be calling us all kinds of things
I want to know if our process has been compromised. It's not about the results.  It's about the integrity if the system.
I don't like to imagine stuff like that, it's scary
Can you imagine if Obama and Hillary were corrupt munchkins of Iran and foreign agents? DON'T imagine - THEY ARE!
I don't trust you as POTUS
Reality
I'm glad for twitter in you have an outlet for your sad frustration at losing. Let it all out.
Parental Child Kidnapping is a crime facilitated by “sanctuary” cities and corrupt judges!
The left keeps insulting the very voters that defected their party. The Russia/CIA card will not work either.
No, the majority would still want facts. Not a political matter. It's about a nation's security and democracy.
You really are quite pathetic. I could almost feel sorry for you if you weren't so utterly narcissitic. #RESIST
Check out the podcast: Resisting Trump, on what to do now & organizing for the long haul http://ceh.org/podcasts 
It was @realDonaldTrump who said he wouldn't accept the results of the election unless he won bc if he didn't win it meant it was rigged
and it was Hillary that said not accepting the results was a threat against democracy.
that was before we heard about 
the likely Russian interference
No, I am speaking now. Something was hacked, but not voting machines.
If Russia tipped the scales in any way, we all need to know about it & be aware for the future, no?
This is not a tipping at all. This was due to the influence PRIOR to the election. DNC emails.
No one knows. But if Russians hacked both DNC & RNC but only leaked DNC (they wanted Trump to win), they interfered
Can you imagine if the Hillary Clinton campaign manager had previously worked to serve Russian interests in Ukraine? @realDonaldTrump
Can you imagine if Hillary Clinton had publicly asked Russia to hack Trump’s email - and the Russians had obliged? @realDonaldTrump
Can you imagine if Julian Assange’s Wikileaks had reinvented itself as the Clinton campaign’s oppo shop?  @realDonaldTrump
Can you imagine if Hillary Clinton was suspected to receive large undisclosed income flows from people close to Putin?  @realDonaldTrump
And that Clinton had subsequently adopted anti-US pro-Putin positions on Syria, Ukraine, NATO, and the EU? @realDonaldTrump
Can you imagine if Hillary Clinton had lost the popular vote, & plausibly owed her Electoral College win to Russian spies? @realDonaldTrump
Russian Agent Seth Rich. Keep reaching man...
. @realDonaldTrump keep denying Trump. Or work to prove you're not guilty of rigging the election. Maybe that'd be more effective?!?
Can you imagine a president that won the election going on and on and on about it..
Us either

breaking: popular votes do not elect presidents. Oh wait, that's not breaking news.
No, but it DOES mean that Orange Shitstain does NOT have the support of AMERICANS.

Russia loves him, though.
Trump won 32 states HRC won NY and Cali not enough to be President go cry about the Popular vote loser.
And you idiots went for the billionaire New Yorker.  Dupe.  You think the Greedhead gives a shit about you.
Can you imagine if the results were opposite and we had a smart president rather than #PresidentLoser?
#PresidentLoser indeed, @potus @realdonaldtrump.
Isn't that what you're calling it now, jackass??!!!
Yeah cuz it'd be a lie
First, more the11 million people voted for someone other than you than voted for you- historically weak. Second, coming from the king of birthers- this is a bad joke . #TrumpIsALoser
that's because it would be
Good to see you defending the people who own you and who bought your election (though you lost the popular vote).
Since @realDonaldTrump is too crooked to reveal his taxes and other info, we don't know how much he's Russian-owned
We don't give a crap about his taxes. Only libs want to see them, so we all told him not to show them.
Hey Ron, once DT is finished his time as POTUS, will you be fine with the new Pres. elect not releasing his/her taxes?
Yes. I worked for his campaign. He asked us all (1800 people) if he should. Kellyanne is the only one who said, "Yes".
You know that's true
It would be a conspiracy idiot. And you conspired with Vlad to steal WH. Duh.
The difference? You colluded with Russia, stole the election, obstructed justice to cover up your crimes, surrounded your self with incompetence, and are dangerously unfit for office. The Democrats did none of those things.
YES, conspiracy THAT is exactly right!!!! Bingo! He does get it, Russia conspired to influence an American election and since you helped, prison onesies from now on.
Yes because that was your plan B if the cheating didn’t pay off.
Very correct/ European royalty+ insurance money milking addicted Jew Oligarchs want to make SLAV race white serf again!
.@realDonaldTrump could you imagine if HRC bashed the CIA, filled her cabinet w/ Goldman Sachs, and constantly praised Putin? You'd be irate
Hillary lied before Congress! Claims she could not recall she asked her staff to take the 5th!
You literally screamed about how rigged the elected would be for months.

.@realDonaldTrump You mean if you DIDN’T lose the popular vote by 2.8 MILLION, but still lost the EC? You’d scream bloody murder.
#Libtards are Costal wins only & most are poor ppl that you fed #Fakenews to & abuse with failed inner city policies. Wake up soon!
look up gerrymandering
WE, would never play RUSSIAN ROULETTE with American lives, NEVER, so no deflecting your bad judgement. Blood on your hands!
that's right they would call it that but not to worry ... God is in our side
if there's data to support it, it's not conspiracy theory.let's find out what happened,&not label it as anything but facts!
I agree 100% how about the states that don't require id  to vote.
#So glad we will soon have a President with common sense. Hooray
NO stupid, we'd still need to know all about this and fix any weaknesses in our system and put in place better warning
http://internationaljob.online/?share=3266  go! take the money!
says the man who believes in pizzagate
I can imagine a candidate publicly asking Russia to hack Hillary. Not a theory- u did it and we all saw it.
Even CIA I think was affraid of the opposite result!
Taking down this President 
via Constitution
will be an amazing
amount of fun

We have LITTLE to lose

He has a lot
(a lot-its HUGE)
to Lose
I think your voters are ex voters, it's not "we" it's him, or you. #liar #draintheswamp
Wow ! I can't imagine how you came up with that but you need to accept reality.
Trump will be impeached. And imprisoned for his treason.
From a guy that watches Info wars....for his intel.
Don't forget you should feel indebted to #ComeyGate also https://www.google.ca/amp/www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2016/12/21/14025198/trump-undecided-final-weeks-survey …
Get the Government hands & programs out of our retirement-lifetime benefits 4Congress&family memb out of Medicare&SS-No2PP
imagine the outrage if Dems had intel on foreign agents interfering on Hillary's behalf and held it.
Another first: The most insecure American President in history. Still waiting on how presidential you will be.
They  WERE the opposite, you clown, you stole the election! And if Hillary committed treasaon the way you did,
it's not a card. it's because you're aligned with people and institutions that want to permeate genocide and destruction.
no it would be called fact because there is proof. If you paid attention and got daily reports u would know.
as a layperson, I have to say, I think you're likely insane. Like, I encourage you to get help. #crazyasashithouserat
And the endless pearl-clutching would ensue
the obvious- if it was Russia they did more to reveal #corruption #election #fraud #suppression than #CIA #FBI
NO worries! Recount+democratVOTER FRAUD! U Spent less+REAL VOTERS+No FAKE scandal defense+USA 1st=TRUMP WIN #MAGA
here's my conspiracy theory. They hacked you first, got the dirt you didn't want known so that you would deflect for them
You are quite naive.  And if you go to briefings, you will find out why this happens.
LOL THE TRUTH HAS NEVER BOTHERED THE DEMOCRATS, JUST ASK REID
@VoiceOverPerson Its the hypocrisy of people who have lost touch with reality.A last gasp from activist from the 60's.
yes it would
don't forget to remove the penalty for health insurance in your day 1 at the office.

Thank You Mister Trump.
Mr. President, respectfully, Russia allegedly intervened on your behalf. How could you have played this for your benefit?
@pgforhisglory & I are Praying For You & Your Team!!!
Speaking of conspiracy theories can you reopen the 9/11 commission report.
so you're saying this is real?
With you it is conspiracy.  You and  Putin are allies. You're   A traitor money monger.
except the CIA and FBI have both confirmed this "conspiracy"
Yes because you would be using @alexjones as your source, not the @cia
In same way you called everything not going your way a "Conspiracy" and "Rigged". You wont save America, you'll condemn it.

In fact Hillary accepted the loss (didn't) with class and grace, something you do not possess
Wow, as True today as it was then! Its the Obama holdovers to blame and NOT RUSSIA. Shame on them! They did this to themselves!
i go to Dennis Michael Lynch .com for my real news. Check him out.
Wait, if US intel agencies say Russia interfered to help Clinton then it WOULD be a conspiracy. If innocent, why worry?
you did
That's nonsense, you "won" because the Russian hacks hurt Hillary.
Russian spy says what?
Don't worry, Fats!We all know you were prepared to dump a load of bullshit on us if you lost.NOT my President!#Trump
you don't have any cards to play!  The deck is legitimately stacked against you and your crooked cronies!
Oh You know it! & They'd never let us live it down making fun on SNL & the like! Their corruption shld be made more known!!
Speaking of conspiracy theories
wait, isn't Trump Russian..lol...
Can you imagine running a scam university and violating the emolument clause? I thought you could #unpresidented
https://youtu.be/MZgEahlfDL8  #russiagate
, you can always tell when Democrats do something wrong, they blame it on the other side!
haven't you got something better to do, like learn how to be a president?
... as opposed to conspiracy fact, right?
Treason, impeachment.
Mark my words:  You are going to lose the following of enough Republicans, and you will resign to not be impeached.
- Hilary maybe you can clear your head and figure out why your Democratic Party doesn't really know real world people
: yet you would have made the very same claims if you'd lost. Grow up.
btw are you tweeting from a private email server ?
I could imagine if we had an adult for president elect...not you.  We wouldn't have to explain this.  Smarter folks get it.
But you tried to play the "Obama is a foreigner" card and people believed that conspiracy.
It actually would not. Look at the election of 2000. That is not how it played out.
.@RealDonaldTrump: Willie Horton, hanging chads, swiftboating, #RussianInterference – Dems haven't accepted GOP pres win as fair since 1984.
move on
.@realDonaldTrump
And after all, the CIA invented the term. http://www.globalresearch.ca/conspiracy-theory-foundations-of-a-weaponized-term/5319708 … https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/808299841147248640 …
Get over yourself, man!  You’re messing with our lives!
Haven't you got anything better to do than sit around and about this vindictive crap? We the people think you do!
CuckBoi is throwing his "not real" son under the bus. Buh Bye, Junior. HAHAHAHAHHAHA
You are right. Keep going forward. We're behind you. President Trump. I love saying that.
The CIA is not "playing the Russia card" I am incredulous at your incompetence. USA will be manipulated & attacked b/c of U
Imagine if you had called for a recount what would be said.
#FakeNews Tucan Repeater: The Poot Did it! The Russian's...
no truer words were spoken

if facts mattered then you would not even say this idiotic stuff. didn't your parents even try to give you a moral base?
of it would could Russia didn't help demo, only helped you!
You played every other card... why not?
Imagine if you won and you Still were saying the election was rigged, when right here you say it wasn't!!

You claimed that the election would be fixed the entire duration of your campaign.
Yeah, y'all would have shut down the government if there was even a whiff of this!
Didn't Obama get caught on a "hot mike" telling Putin they were going to do good things together? Hypocrites!
I can definitely see you playing any card you can.
Lies are all that come out of you mouth! YOU, & YOUR ADMINISTRATION ARE BEING INVESTIGATED!
absolutely correct!
Ты чертов идиот.
And we would also see the Democrats pointing to the Constitution as if they actually believe in it. And you'd be antiwomen!
it's not a conspiracy theory when there is evidence that You ARE in bed with the Russians. Why not just resign already 
Can you imagine Hilllary bragging about grabbing men by the balls? Having kids by 3 different men and a trophy hubby too!
@realDonaldTrump  I'm pretty sure you WERE playing the conspiracy card
.@realDonaldTrump Conspiracy Theories lack evidence. Your Russian Connexions are quite evident.
@pyrmontvillage And...
@Justice41ca media would accuse you of insanity it is pathetic what sadly we have to listen to if we try to follow news.
That's why I only watch Fox. You know the saying you are what you eat? You are what you watch
Remains to be seen whether you'll turn out being  the same as them. What if they find a way to keep you out?
Time will tell
the Reps have always bulldozed their way over anything on their path. God help us from your wrath
Wtf are you talking about? Someone needs to stop this. @Twitter for the love of Christ DO SOMETHING
And yet you constantly play the victim card. Poor widdle Donnie. Daddy didn't love you enough? #Trumplethinskin
TRAITOR
yup!!
pretty sure most ppl feel as I do N that is hack/leak didn't sway voters! An you won the elect. Vote! Ppl need to accept!
I can't keep up with you , you are so primitive, nonsensical - headache time
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4029342/Russian-hackers-probably-fixed-EU-referendum-vote-Brexit-says-Remoaner-MP-Ben-Bradshaw.html …
how sad it must be to be you. You must be the most insecure person in world.
remember when the results were opposite, and you said the electoral college was a disaster for democracy? #notmypresident 
Don't play naive , you would have been screaming blue murder.
you actually asked them to interfere in the elections, remember? No, you have poor memory #CrookedDonaldski
A man of character who brings true + change would say, "As your president I will assure this never happens again."
Isn't that essentially what you're calling it now? I'm sorry, isn't that what Putin is telling you to call it now?
-Can ANYONE be honest w you -this is much more than about elections -Hillary lost? Your "ridiculous" is most ridiculous!
