Who ever said the left was Stable or Smart?
Some of these fools it's unbelievable the lawlessness catch them and throw them in jail
@EntheosShines That is because of Carolina ,Duke two of the communist socialist  schools in the state home of snow flakes
Especially as a SITTING pOTUS. Small"p" intended as he does not have my respect I NORMALLY give to a POTUS.
Thank you, Mr. President for take tweet.
Fuck Hillary Clinton og Fuck NCGOP Fuck EU Og Fuck FN
You don't like being called deplorable but think calling us animals is okay.  Your own probably did it.
*you* incite riots at your "events" LOVE TRUMPS HATE https://www.gofundme.com/reopen-a-nc-republican-office-2ukuprzy …
ok "make America great again" is not true! America is great! And always was! Second only  focused on hating on her!
we all know a Trump supporter firebombed your own office to make non whites look guilty-it was a KKK member activity
you sure that wasn't your people that did it, so you can blame Hillary supporters? #falseflag ?
Or were @HillaryClinton 's ballots in there? http://www.dailynewsbin.com/news/north-carolina-republican-party-caught-hiding-completed-absentee-ballots-in-firebombed-office/26335/ …
@DonaldTrumpWall @NCGOP  Boy those people can't take rejection. Were so sure Hillary had it ..  Now in state shock. Too bad
congrats mr. President  deplorable from WVa .
Congradulations. PRESIDENT ELECT TRUMP!I I HAVE BEEN HAVING VISIONS. FOR THE PAST THREE YEARS GEAT JOB @COVEN53
wait didnt the kkk firebomb people? Are you sure you guys didnt accidentally do that yourself?
Yes the did I will contribute money towards a reward for the ones who did this!
Good WY of describing them
@realDenaldTrump @NCGOP Actually it was your own party trying to get destroy evidence of holding back ballots. #NeverTrump
If you want to hold HRC to that, answer for this. @realDonaldTrump http://www.clarionledger.com/story/news/2016/11/02/vote-trump-painted-burned-black-church-ms/93161132/ …
Animals representing Donald Trump and GOP in Mississippi just firebombed a church trying to suppress votes
animals?  This is why you'll NEVER EVER BE OUR PRESIDENT!  HAVE SOME RESPECT FOR YOURSELF. YOUR NO ROLE MODEL
Looking like animals alright
THEY JUST SUSPENDED HILLARYS NATIONAL SECURITY CLEARANCE BRIEFINGS UNTIL THE INVESTIGATION IS OVER.
Trump you might not be a perfect politician,however, you are a real American.#draintheswamp  #CrookedHillary #lyin
#WeAreTheWinners #Vote4TRUMP
She's a CRIMINAL & I can't believe she's allowed to run. THE SYSTEM IS COMPLETELY #RIGGED  #GODHelpUS #PATRIOTS
Trump and the deplorables attempting a Reichstag fire! NOPE! Nobody falling for it!
why aren't u tweeting about how much Dems raised for the bombed office?
just keep on fighting
Hey Orange Face I think you bought and paid for that incident so you could blame your opponent such a sad desperate man.
that's obama's transformed USA
oh si we are animals
Time to take some folks into custody where they will meet "killer" a devout republican!
Small minds have stupid responses.
@luvinlife1967 @NCGOP sad
You bombed it. You're losing. You're nuts
Is there any proof showing it's not his own making?
from Scotland......you are a petty, small minded, and pathetic wee man. Please stop this show
Trump: you and your hateful fearful supporters are a danger to American democracy.
Steve Hayes (NoTrumper) has tainted FNC. Not Fair N Balanced, Shame on Murdock. Another MSNBC.
Thank GOD there are more honest citizens than there are CROOKED POLITICIANS!!!
Righhtt... someone's in denial!
YOU WILL WIN THIS ELECTION  MR TRUMP!! GOD BE WITH US
Trump will decide whether he accepts the election results.  Goodbye American democracy. Trump is a traitor.
... as a retired Police Officer, middle class, normal guy.... you have my support.
... the Democrats refuse to see the issues for themselves. They go along with whatever strings the "Dem puppeteers" pull
he
Was not asked about that. Who is he talking about
Oh and HELL is freezing over too!!
they need to read their history books people from North Carolina don't back down and we're not scared of anything
that's how the dems roll, especially the Clintons
notice they are call media.When I grew up they were journalists. Not any more.
make sure she has no ear piece in debates
...I hope they like my fire bomb yesterday..haha
13 000$ raised by Democrats in 4 hrs to repair office. More than you have ever donated to anything
factcheck fool no one said it was dems you need to get the facts right
I'm all in for Trump/Pence.
AMEN!
Unhinged mouth, deranged mind. Dems raised $13K in 4 hours to help rebuild. More than you've EVER donated to charity
make america great again
TRUMP/Pence supporters keep pushing up the line.
winning, where?
@EllieMa08909246 @NCGOP See how evil and corrupt they are?
Yep,  finally we have a strong leader that empowers  all that is good in us.  We move forward.
A leader who will clean out the crap in our country we have been putting up with for too long.

Evidence?  Desperate liar.
get it right tonight. Everyone believes you r intentionally giving this election to Hilliary!
The real animals are your sons
WHAT HAPPEN TO YOU NOT FALLING INTO VICIOUS CYCLE OF PERSONAL ATTACKS!!!???
President Obama has not called NC.  Draining the swamp great!!!!
realDonaldTrump  praying for you and your family ! Go get her tonight America has your back !!
SOME INSANE DAMN PEOPLE ON THESE COMMENTS, only way the LIBERALS can win anything. is by LYING,CHEATING, OR STEALING
I cannot believe the comments from these people, must ALL BE LYING LIBERALS, that blame REP for what they do..TRUMP
In no poll that I have observed are you winning
@Texastweetybird @NCGOP #HillaryClinton's stooges broke glass in #IN & #FL too. #Democrats #DemocraticParty #ImWithHer
- can you please stay focused on policy's tonight & less on YOU & Hitler Clinton? Would appreciate it
we believe in you.Tonight don't engage in mudslinging.dismiss mudslinging thrown@you. Americanism vs globalism..WIN
tonight when Killary attacks you, tell her it is not worth your time to answer. Just answer questions asked
Buy 50k or 100k copies of Enquirer and give them out outside convention hall today. They did it to you with madeup stories.
Dems don't act out cray ...that's your basket of Nuts.
DEPLORABLE! trash talk enough, bound to come back, no proof who did this. I believe SET UP ,you & ur deplorables
IN's chief elections official said that thousands of voter registrations were altered, raising concerns of fraud
you have no physical proof it was them, I hope she sues you for all your worth
. Yeah winning at losing! #NeverTrump
I'm sure they left note saying...from Russia with love. Err nvm. That was in aleppo. They just home aloned you.
Thats an accusation which is unproven.
winning what ? My boots,? (The old one).
@ScottBaio @NCGOP
Horrible, was it BLM?
@TheRickWalters @NCGOP 

 THIS IS ALL THE RAGE ON FBOOK

Watch this please it is so good.  

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY …
Republicans did it then blame others...Trump tactic. Why were returned absentee ballots being kept in the building?
PROOF PROOF PROOF WHERE IS IT PLEASE?????
So Sad they think they can get away with these tactics...
she has hired thugs& lib media to dig dirt from decades ago!! She can't contest on issues! Jobs or Islamic terror
Don't put anything past Hillary Rotten Clinton or her lackies.
OVER your meltdowns. You attack, talk no sense or policy. You're losing & have become unhinged, unstable, unfit. #Hillary
The truth is your teaching and encouraging ppl to hate.  You should be ashamed of yourself.
Dems raised over $13K to reopen the GOP office, "showing that Americans are thirsty for civility and decency",
@AmberGirl3 @NCGOP Guess there's no elephant on their "coexist" bumper sticker.
the difference between the deplorable and the animals is that your side is racist and sexist.
So you went crazy over the deplorable statement, and now you call the dems animals.
Wow you really are insane #whinylittlebitch
unlike u, H condemned what happened. U never condemn what ur trumpsters do or say.

while you were busy whining or grabbing pussy "animals supporting Hillary" raised money to rebuild the place.
Nah, your office got bombed because you're a misogynistic liar. #ImWithHer #trumpisacrook
and yet the #DNC are paying people to use the same tactics at trump rallies. #CrookedHillary #Followthemoney
You'll believe Trump?  ...because he says to?  Really?  Wow. #ImWithHer #trumpisacrook #alcapone
has nothing to do with him, I believe the words of #DNC staffers saying they send out thugs calling GOPers nazis to do violence.
Of course you'd be winning in "orange" county, you rep their color
More "news" according to Trump...Trumped up Truth continues
Just another made-up lie that you're telling. They do not know who did the firebombing and you don't either.
Am with you Trump
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#deludedDonaldTrump
Why hasn't Trump sent any money to help rebuild the bombed out GOP HQ in NC? Dems have sent $13,000 so far. Deplorable.
#neverhillary  they have never been the party of tolerance and peace. Just run there mouth s about it.
America's loss they have a Presidential Candidate who uses such language, and hurls charges without thinking twice.
Thought only Nazi did that oh wait DemocRATS are NAZI's
So how about this then paid people to attack TRUMP SUPPORTERS! http://www.infowars.com/bombshell-paid-protestors-at-trump-rally-exposed/ … ITS CALLED BIRDDOGGING FOLKS!
They are paying people to attack the TRUMP SUPPORTERS at these rally's and busing them in payed by the DNC! Etc.
"Animals paid by me... I mean representing Hillary..."
@HillaryClinton a) not winning b) lotta insults 2 a Lotta ppl of late. Mexicans, own party, Radical ITs..just maybe?
You make us laugh x youre an embarrassing example of a man.  Love from the left wing x
I want to know what you're going to do with yourself now that you have lost!
we are all animals Donald
Representing Hillary do you have proof of this allegation? you are a joke!
Stop Whining like a schoolboy Trump. So unpresidential.
Another paid deal by the Clintons
- what are you doing about your animals making threats against the Arizona Republic ? Are you encouraging them ?
Winng??? Is that what you call this fiasco  you're living?  Try again, Donnie.
...but you're *not* winning, Donald.
A friend suggested that everyone take a picture of their ballot for proof as to how they voted.
good dems rally to pay for rebuild and not even a "thank you." #gofundme
#liar
You aren't winning face it
It is past time to tone down the violent rhetoric.  Come on man.   @realDonaldTrump
and the media is silent. Sickening.
Look into FEC records to see who Hildabeast's campaign 'paid' to firebomb offices (per info from James OKeefe video)
what???? Good grief
Animals representing Donald J Trump you mean...
or maybe you did it yourselves and blamed Democrats? You had completed absentee ballots there?
PROBABLY THESE GUYS DNC RIGGING PROJECT VERITAS https://d1sb17b1leotpq.cloudfront.net/rigging-election-video-i-clinton-campaign-and-dnc-incite-violence-trump-rallies.html …
. Stick to the issues.  Emails. Bengazi.  Remember, no matter what you said or not, nobody died.
The GOP did it, and you know it!
OH MY LORD
Or could it be Trump Deplorables trying to engineer the conversation from your "puzzy grabbing"?
Trump can call Clinton's supporters animals but No one can call his supporters Deplorables which They Are
@ScottBaio @NCGOP 
You are losing NC, AZ, UT. All GOP strongholds. Where are you winning??
That's a theory. Another one is your supporters did it. Why would the democrats raise $13k to reopen it?
Is this election about women or the people of US
and they want to talk about us, Hillary Clinton is a criminal
this screams your tactics Donald
you are not winning...what alternative universe do you live in?
and he is the person who is level headed enough to lead our military haha #Trumpmakesjokes
you have a long list of people that dont like you investigate it first before making claims its better and safer that way
this isn't "Your" office but just a place where you provide some signs. You provide NO staff, just piggyback on GOP
Mr Trump.  please seek the best psychiatric analyst available.  First session are on my nickel
You lost me at I'm Donald Trump and I'm running for president
I'm betting it is a frame job by the animals in YOUR barn.
There U go again, if Hillary has called ur voters animals u would have fine  U should apologize 
LOL! On what planet are you winning?
you do not know who maybe have done this. The Russians? Maybe the fat guy in the bed playing with computer. #delete
@ScottBaio @NCGOP maybe it was you trying to defame democrats.  Kinda like some firefighters who start fires.
The people of North Carolina, Democrats and Republicans are contributing to the repair
I am sure you have redeeming qualities but false accusations are sad demonstrations of weakness
You'd be better if you STOP the STUPID name calling. Why don't you get it?
Ok donald..who's out to get u today?  Clinton, the media,women you touched? Your pitiful.
