
DO YOU TRULY FIND THIS APPROPRIATE TO SEND TO THE "PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES" IT IS CALLED MATURITY GET IT
Agree.   I think Liberal "Molly" is afraid, she might have to actually get a job?
"If you can't" LOL @BarackObama enjoys 57% approval & easily beats you if he could run! @HillaryClinton will be President
OK IT WAS PROVEN THAT POLLS WERE TOTALLY WRONG DURING ELECTION AS MEDIA IS DOING AGAIN
#BIGWIN Would be free trade goes hand and hand with Human Rights. Demand Mexico to respect the rights 4 Mexican #NobelPrize
wonder how many voters know what NAFTA is
Not many Millenialls I would guess.

LOL YOU TOO HAVE BEEN MIND CONTROLLED BY MEDIA AND PRESIDENTS LIES THAT NOW U CANT SEE TRUTH! Trump does
Our economy is going to crash harder than the Bush years, our skies will be like Beijing, and oil for water. Yay! Doom
Wow but Trumpi, truckers on us soil bring in over 500 billion in nafta? Right? America i mean is seeing real increase? Curious
Isnt that a good thing Trumpi? I dont see the nafta, you do, hope what ever comes of it, we dont lose again? This is interresting
we shall see. Over 100 new registered voters in my neighborhood for Trump. Deportation time almost here
you are not that important Donald.  Get out of the way for the best candidate.  Hillary Clinton
Now that's funny.  Thanks for making me laugh.  PS: Get a job.
Thank you Mr. Presidnet we fully support you!
https://www.facebook.com/abc7chicago/posts/10154693123651162 … 
TRUST IS GONE
Dennis Prager
u'r looking atZ most political liar in American history
you have been brainwashed for so long you can't see the truth when it is right in Oval Office!
@datrumpnation1 America sent Mexico our jobs and they sent us Heroin and Meth for our children #NAFTA #BuildTheWall
No shit, what a accurate statement
You have the backing of every patriot in the United States behind you, President Trump We believe in you!
You will make the economy boom! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Woo!
Lol, well this was another lie I guess.
ok with me but do something. that damn thing cost me my job when the French bought our co cash and took away salary pension
no1 likes u
#ItsReallyHappening
You need to investigate NAFTA and how it was passed you may be surprised what you can find out; WINK
No NAFTA! No TPP! No NWO - worse than current EU problems! REMOVE UN armor/equip from US soil, now!
Fabulous idea!
this country is running again why you republicans can't give Obama his credit this country is doing much better than bush
I give Osama Obama credit for 2 things:  Spending more than the previous 8 POTUS combined and getting Donald Trump elected.
"Sniff"
if you have a gov issue the appropriate to text it to him but "sniff" ? TIME TO GROW UP!! Maturity works
idiot.
yes that why he's a billionaire and you are not. Lol
LOL!!! He's not either. He's a con man & your a mark. dummy.
Yes. . . free trade is fine, but selling out our national sovereignty is evil and dumb.
Jobs will be lost, not created if you scrap NAFTA. Pls get a brain!
So, Sam, how are you feeling about now out there in Trump-land and your so-called academic life? Safe? Rewarded? Satisfied?
Thank you Mr. President.   MAGA !!
I invite you Sir to Marion County, South Carolina to witness the heartlessness NAFTA delivered.
Lowest growth in 3 years.. look at you Making America Great Again 
Wrong
we all vote for trump.

Why would Russia want to interfere in our election? We may have some of the answers. 
Because he hated isis,blamed obama and hillary for it and i agree but hez pushing it constantly
Yes, Donald flip-flopped on NAFTA, but in his defense, when he wrote this on October 19 he didn't have a good nap and woke up cranky.
Build THE WALL and keep illegals, aliens and the CHICOMs out of our country. Also negotiate on H1B and work visas please.
Economy's fine. Renegotiate NAFTA but don't start a trade war that will start retaliatory tariffs inciting a recession.
Great. We need every policy changed/destroyed that has harmed our country & its citizens. Nice Work Pres. Trump
what about the 30k jobs for the auto industry?
WHY YOUR AT IT WHY DONT YOU STOP ALL OTHER TRADE THAT INCLUDES STOPPING THE FAST BUCK FOR YOU
we are with ya Mr. President. Let's get these trade deals set right for the American people!#MAGA
Liar!  Your ratings are so LOW, youare even considered worse than Chavez!
You are all talk and smoke and mirrors....Whiny little toddler!  SNL has you down packed!
Please try not to destroy USA in 4 yrs you have to feed ur narcissism--Please
do it and not to display ur con artistry on the international stage.
If you tear it up it will tear up our economy
interesting. Surprising that also Americans don't like NAFTA nor TPP. So who are the real beneficiaries?
God bless President Trump.God bless America
fkn LOVE IT
NAFTA benefits any other country but the USA.
this is from somebody who didn't pay their Atlantic City contractors? You can't even be honest in your own businesses.
is it true that Atlantic City casinos buy cars for their high rollers to make sure they come back and lose again
A great deal for us, or a great deal for you? #Semantics
you know it was Bush sr. that created NAFTA not Clinton right Einstein.
we need to get out of NAFTA
you've been on back and front of more positions than Jessica drake, you're Liberal at heart.
please keep your eyes open. A lot of voter fraud going on
#tearituptrump all those jobs that went south will all return. You see if you want to sell it here you make it here
it is a Treaty you will be paying penalties The Mexican government can buy everyone a car made in Mexico. #tearitupTrump
Bush Sr did NAFTA. A good thing for our continent. We are the United States //of// America. Mexico and Canada are American!
I want to hear you denounce the fact that you're Manufacturing outside of the US
Does this mean you will bring back your companies overseas? You have benefited from NAFTA I don't see you penalizing anyone
how the World sees mr. Trump a very great smart powerful man
Let's do this!
and you are highly qualified.America loves you so much!.We,support you all tbe,way.
wow, Donald getting booed at Al Smith Dinner. What a jerk.
And reaffirm America as the nation that breaks its word again and again. Great idea moron!
CHOKING in Las Vegas
@HillaryClinton  Your a very nasty women.. @realDonaldTrump for our next president!!
@CNNPolitics..WE will as a country go bankrupt if you win. Let a real winner show you how to run a country.
NAFTA is such a great trading agreement wtf i am in middle school and everyone knows it why would you want to remove it?
Again, BUSH #1 Signed NAFTA..... It's not a failure you claim it to be. You just have to appease the Russian God, Vlad.....
how are you going to do this after you lose the election?
Donald Trump will stretch every dollar and make the best deals for America  no more political hacks  wasting Americas money
I agree get rid of NAFTA
a 300 million people economy, can only buy so much, their are much bigger markets, protectionism will ruin AMERICA.
American market 300 million, China 1.5 Billion , INDIA closing in on 1 billions how do you like those numbers.
LAW OF DIMINISHING RETURNS, saturate the AMERICAN MARKET, but your growth will only be so much , unless you expand markets.
you cannot keep your own Companies running do how will you do this?
Obama brought us from MINUS 8 GDP growth to PLUS 1.5 GDP growth. HUGE improvement, right?
Care to give specifics on what you don't like and are going to change? Didn't think so. It's a secret.
the economy is running.
fix your marriage it may need renegotiating. Womanizer
YEA!
People like you are the reason for the economy struggling. Now you're trying to convince people you're Robin Hood. #conman
u can't??
thanks
.
Fair trade back to the stone ages with your crooked lying cooking the books business deals. Don't forget Trump University!
How bout you renegotiate how much you invest in the oil pipeline going through North Dakota? Moneynomatter if no clean H2O
by having you and others like ypu pay significantly less in taxes??  By taking healthcare away from millions??  #ridiculous
Keep hammering the message of America's ails. That will win.
your losing bigly!! you lie with every other word. your not worthy of being president of any country much less USA
On survey I completed for Trump campaign I forgot CHARTER SCHOOLS. Very important & HRC & OBAMA fight. Remember Wisconsin!
TPP also, is that there are a lot of problems
FYI, cuz you seem #WillfullyIgnorant, Bush 41 negotiated NAFTA. Clinton signed after Congress approved
nope. You already lost the day you won. Our country has had enough of you and your bully behavior. Lol. Hillary 2016!
The question does not arise as you are NOT going to be the president.
http://www.redstate.com/dan_mclaughlin/2014/09/13/democratic-party-proud-history-slavery-segregation/ …
Why is this info not known by the African Americans? hrc is SCUM
To this day Gore still publicly insists he WON 2000 election. HRC & DEMS are hypocrites!  And CLINTONS questioned 2008.
After you loose please please retire. It's better not hearing your voice
BTW it was WJC who encouraged Gore to contest the 2000 election. Gore wouldn't accept Fla recount & it went to SCOTUS.
Nafta is not the cause of stagnant growth moron. We had manufacturing in the 70s and epidemic  unemployment. Stop lying!
Sorry no one will negotiate with you . You've made too many enemies
We need a graduated scale increase of gold and silver backing the dollar over time to 100%.
I'm a a Canadian. What makes you think we'd be willing to renegotiate?

if you don't. Nobody else will!
Please don't forget damage done by WJC & R.Rubin (Goldman S) + Dems w/ their interference in mortgages.Bush warned them.
Dems did most of harm for 2008 meltdown by demanding Banks write sub-par mortgages + debacle w/ Fannie & Freddie + Glass-St
Right thing to do . Don't forget Glass-Steagal. WJC repealed & that contributed to DotCom bust 2000 & meltdown of 2008!!!
trump getting crazier by the hour! Trump trying to ruin America! All his life he has done everything to hurt America
Specifics!
Donaldo!! Your latino name from now on!! U probably do not know presidents names of these countries we have nafta
just like all ur bankrupt businesses and fraudulent university. #whinylittlebitch
what are you gonna do about TiSA?
@JOMainEvent thank you Donald for being the peoples president candidate. We know you are sincere and I am a woman Hispanic!
Thank you so much for speaking up about this!  and many other important disasters Clinton's have created to lose our USA
comrade Trump is full of shit
you're such a moron
have you even read NAFTA. I teach it and the USA has the best deal in it. You are coming to kill USA #NoTrump
:Spot On...aye!the deal must be conducive both ways....
Honestly Donald, just tear it up- it has destroyed to many lives in our country.
@StopStopHillary The sooner, the better, NAFTA devastating to our ciuntry
just destroy NAFTA like it destroy our economy.
You did a great job last night. Why we vote @realDonaldTrump
you know...and ai know...you cant do that..thats not how bindding trade deals work right....
Thank God!!!
sure you will 
: 
What will be YOUR profit margin?
JUST like Mexicans gonna pay for the wall? utter #malarkey!
sure you crazy man.
look at all these tweets you're a desperate man you know you lost and it's a tweet Marathon now
OMH...WHAT'LL HAPPEN TO YOUR CLOTHING LINE? BWWWAAA HA HA HA. #CONMAN
Gotta love it
we need 8 years of the Donal! Zero years for America's criminal!!!!
insted of lower taxes let it pay for health care for everyone who pays taxes...
Start by making your own products in the USA.
Amen!
the economy is moving up.  I take it you want it to move in the opposite direction.

L
you couldn't negotiate your way out of a paper bag. Your book is only chapter 11.
They're trying to make U.S. a third world country.  #TRUMP
international law is for pussies #GrabThemByThePussy #CokeHeadTrump #ReleaseYourTaxes #debatenight #GrabHimByTheBallot
Basically if you fail to make a great deal, you will tear it up so no one will no you failed at something?Sounds familiar
@Darren32895836
Again,  Mr. trump demonstrates his ignorance. NAFTA actually signed by "W" and shown to have little economic consequence.
the MSM hates it, when u talk from your heart, but we love it, dont stop, we will go all the way with you
I'll unfollow. I can't follow losers
Will RYAN let you do tha u?
if you can't make a deal you will end Canadians way of life? Please respond
@debfinley46 I'm not really sure executive power works that way.
You are on a real Twitter frenzy tonight. Is panic at the thought of losing kicking in?
you totally sucked A$$ tonight, you do know this, right?? right, knucklehead????

https://www.census.gov/foreign-trade/balance/c1220.html …

the Canadians will dump American products and we loose $500 billion dollars in trade per year... go ahead and touch nafta
@MaeroCarol you had a fantastic night!!! We love you! #MAGA
A butt fungus can't negotiate. #fungi #disease #contagious #delerious #boogiemonster #monstersunleashed #zombie #sniffing
Go Go Go. Vote Trump.
you can't even deal with #BillyBushMadeMeDoIt
https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/786621209211441152 …
we need a President who is not bought and paid for like Hillary.
u have to run the video that she ordered riot in Chicago
You did an amazing job tonight!! Keep your head up you will win by a landslide! #Trump#Latino#female#educated#christian
You lost the debate just as you will lose the election because you're, how do I put it, a loser.  Enjoy your golden toilet.
got no choice but to do that.
why didnt you use the bhenghazi emails, etc
You are ignorant to the presidency, frankly you scare me in a position like that
you don't even know what you are talking about donald trump richard
8.  I love mr. Trump
seriously? She won the debate and will win the election
