You should be jailed for not paying taxes.
Those with a 401 retirement will be paying higher taxes when they take it out with h??????
What about your tax returns? How much are you paying? Last 40 years every  candidate presented their.
It's not required by law. At this point what difference does it make? He's in her head #BIGLEAGUE
Indeed. He has testified to assaulting women .He is not an honest or god fearing man
It's guy talk. She lied to Congress, the FBI, and to the voters. She's 2faced & admitted it. Wake up!
It is not talk. There are ten women who came and bravely spoke about it
How would you know? Were you there? Nope! It's the classic Clinton smear machine in full force. Wake up!
His all career is about insulting other people and looking down on them isn't it?
Will you want him as teacher for your daughter? Will you trust him as your lawyer?
wait the only taxes you cut are your own. We all get to pay for roads to building with a trump leased name
@expedience2 @TeamTrump @realDonaldTrump opening the liable laws for the media will include social media. ATTACK THE FIRST... smh
@JimMcFierceSon @realDonaldTrump You ain't doing shit.
Today’s update on the Trump Train 
@DLin71
"Too dumb to know they're dumb."

This might sting a little.

that's right, go with a generic meme when you're lost for words.    #losing
like facts boy? #landslide
You're going to cut taxes your millionaire cronies.  Hillary is going to raise taxes on the rich.
There's that 200-word vocabulary again.
you mean for the top 1%

Put her in jail.
Yeah! Put HER in...oh wait, wait. Put HIM in jail! http://ijr.com/2016/10/717180-a-woman-is-now-claiming-trump-raped-her-at-13-years-old-heres-what-you-need-to-know/%20 ……%20…#DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
On what Charges?  HRC should be jailed on corruption, treason, accepting Bribes, 1st degree murder, etc.

Obamacare did not make us all part-timers either: 
BIGGLEY. Why can't you pronounce the letter L?  As in illegal? League?  Maybe get some free government aide.
For yourself.
It's not like you contribute anyway.
REPLACEourTaxSystem4oneThatWillCollect taxes from our illegals,pimps,prostitutes,drug dealers,&black marketeers!
Hillary will not tax her rich donors only those who don't pay to play
#bigley
no more taxes! We are taxed to death! I am with Mr Trump and Mr Pence
now you're saying "big league," because "bigly" made you sound like more of an idiot?
bigly = big league!
HERE'S  YOUR BOY PEOPLE:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nbm3ZmoF-6k …  FRICKEN HYSTERICAL FOLKS.  STEAKS? GONE? WATCH TIL THE END
#bigly
you're just upset you will have to pay them for once
Sofa King 1984 if only you could run his words through that filter BEFORE he said them
And shes going to give the money to illegals and Muslim terrorist she and Obama are going to flood America with!
this is one of the main issues I don't want to lay more taxes I want the Feds to be more efficient

where are your taxes?
Anyone making less than $50000 does not file, get a return or earned income credit
Wrong......wrong......wrong.....
You have the best plan for growth,
How can you cut taxes "Big League"(sick of hearing you use that phrase) you act like a little league bully.
@HilaryClinton @iSupremeCourt @federalreserve @Fermilab @cern 

https://plus.google.com/u/2/110058891603829975942/posts/P3ShoB7rBaX?iem=4&gpawv=1&hl=en-AU …

https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=195954060814297&id=100011991128907 …
this is a true statement because you both are referring to the rich.  Go @HillaryClinton !!!
She is raising taxes for those who make 250k a year or more. Of course @realDonaldTrump is against that.
-- big league? god what a fkn joke
THATS NOT A PENIS HILLARY!
@DanieLynn15
Welcome to the Show! #BigLeague
Only raise them for those in YOUR tax bracket, Mr. Trump. Not those in mine. @HillaryClinton
Lie!
That's not all she'll raise!  War, corruption, foreign invasion, illegals, spending, LESS freedom & protection
He won't be able to do everything he says he'll do with these tax cuts.  Beware!  #nevertrump

wrong
Hey, Orange Man, the only folks who will see a tax increase under Pres. HRC will be rich folks like you! LMAO
... you mean #Bigly ? 
. Yes she keeps saying training, retraining. Will not happen. $$$$$
Trump said he will cut Taxes, Hillary said she will 'not raise Taxes'. Hey Hillary, Taxes are too damn high now!
You're the only people claiming this! All the neutral tax thinktanks are saying pretty much the opposite...
Yeh, right. Just for you and your rich buddies !!!#
Trump is doing a form of Reaganomics- 
Our greatest growth ever - #Trumpnomincs
Reboot now! these two bugs ,viruses will TALK ,TALK and Destroy what they touch!! beware the Clinton Virus.  BUY TRUMP anti-Virus
So you can pay them MoFo
let me get this straight bigly = big league? Ok. Got it. 
big league doesn't work in that context... Big league
You forgot to mention the details. Trump will cut taxes for the rich, Hillary will raise taxes for the rich! DUH
Donald "I said it so it's true" Trump, quoting himself as if it's fact yet again.
cut tax for WHO? You still haven't said. For you and other billionaires. Not for WORKING class. Big league LIAR
But most importantly, Trump is going to lower taxes on the wealthy. What's the Little Guy think of that?
U want tax breaks for ur rich friends and yourself. I do not understand how anyone can believe ur lies! Dick!
You're a master liar, we must admit. But at your core you know how pathetic you are. So Sad! #CelebrityPredator
cut taxes for the rich only. Ur plan has been proven to add trillions of $'s to our debt.

NOTHING BUT BUZZ WORDS MEANING NOTHING! YOUR A SAD EXCUSE.
you mean bigly.
an obsession with taxes is improper it's Only part of the economy
you're cut'n taxes for YOU &ur rich freinds &the 2nd riches ppl not 4people who are struggling in this country
not much specifics about the national debt. Massive tax cuts, "rebuild military", infrastructure wrks, no entitlement reform..,
you want to be president so you could grop women BIG LEAGUE
So Uday & Qusay could sow their pitrid oats.
https://tenor.co/o348.gif 
we are all part time associates because of ObamaCare. Small business is being punished. #noobamacare
every1 concerned with he didnt pay taxes why should i?And im over here like, clintons above the law, why aint i?

Yup 
How else will she pay for all her "free stuff"&continuing Obama's failed policies???
it's hard to tax the rich after they moved to other countries like China and Mexico & offshore bank accounts.

you know he really said bigly!
Obama redeemed Crater from being the worst president. America we cannot afford Hillary to redeem Obama.
shillary said she will tax passive income to pay for obummer care.  I heard her say it. am I the only one?!!
NEVER TAXES.NEVER HILLARY..PRES TRUMP NOV8 LANDSLIDE GOP VICTORY
@auntiejul @realDonaldTrump TRUE TRUMP cutting our taxs & CROOKED KILLARY WILL "RAISE THEM" 2support Terrorists she's bringing in
fyi, there is no re-tweet button on this post, I wanted to re-tweet but couldn't.....
yeah for millionaires like you! There is more poor people than rich! #thinkbeforeutweet
CUT TAXS AMD DRIVE US IN A RECESSION. WORST THEN BUSH. RICH DONT NEED A TAX CUT DRUMP.
oh, so its not bigly.
Is this your way of clarifying that you meant to say "big league" when you said "bigly"?
cuttingtaxes for yourself...nope
@hectormorenco @realDonaldTrump And Remember When Hillary Recently Said On National Tv Speaking At Rally. I Will Raise Taxes 65%
BIG LEAGUE??  Are those your vocabulary words for the day?
Yeah. Welcome @govsambrownback America
Maybe you won't make people pay taxes just like you haven't paid yours for nearly 20 years.
He actually quoted himself on his twitter. Like he's quoting Gandhi or Lincoln.
You'll cut taxes for guys like Limbaugh & Chris Christy that only contributes according to their calorie intake!
#youreapuppet BIG LEAGUE

You're leaving out the OWNER of those taxes, which makes the distinction important.

Hillary Clinton did something that the entire Republican establishment, including 16 candidates, couldn't do: she destroyed Trump.
Is this real??? That quote sounds like something a moron would say.
you did a fantastic job last night! Thank you!
supply-side economics trickle down.. cutting taxes has been proven it does not work!!!!
#QuitLying
ooooh Big League yea for you & all your rich asshole friends if you have any left. You lying piece of shit #dick
Wrong and we all know you said Bigly
Or is that-BIGLY. Can't even pronounce words properly.
not bigly? Hehe
Exactly what bush did and he almost ruined the economy. Of course little Donny will get richer
bigly sounds better haha
She is the worst possible candidate and only a DTRUMP could hand her victory. We all area at risk here.
bigly!
economistas say this is a fantasy
Dont try to change the fact that you said #bigly. Regardless, big league would still be grammatically incorrect
LIAR: Clinton vs. Trump: 36 fact checks from the final presidential debate: http://aol.it/2dCJYu1   via @AOL
bigly
Dems always raise taxes. That's how they reward their useful idiots with programs designed to keep them poor
it's  BIGLY and we all know it
more #TrumpLIES. Ill believe experts who have been doin this their whole life, not some1 whose billions in debt
yet, refuses to pay taxes that support services for veterans and the pay of military servicemen and women.
We can't take higher taxes, it will break the back of Americans!
Wont raise them on real people, just fools like u @TeamTrump @realDonaldTrump
Yes, Please do away with State, City taxes of New York.
U are delusional and childish. The ppl supporting you have to be filled with hate. Anyone can see U R no leader!
Does this #BigLeague nonsense actually work as a substitute for substance? #platitudes #Election2016
and it still doesn't make sense Bigly!
you mean you are going to cut taxes FOR the big league. trickle down does NOT work! hello??
Trump will bring jobs back. crocked will ship in thousands of Syrain refugies. and not know who they are.
You're going to lose.
I think he said BIGLY
@TerryLambert201 @realDonaldTrump I'd just be happy if he made the tax code fair for everyone. We all need skin in the game.
and social security and Medicare #nevertrump
is a disgrace. He hates America with all his might and wants to take the country to a dictatorship. I'm a voter!
what does that even mean. How about saying HOW
Awe! You'll have to pay taxes for once?? Poir baby.
bigly
L'Italia muore fucilare Obama Clinton ecc.
"even conservative economists say" your plan sucks.
U mean @realDonaldTrump is going to cut taxes Bigly league
.@realDonaldTrump is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
your not doing anything your not gonna be president
@Kotcha301 @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Trump won once again to exposs  corruption and issues facing America
you didn't answer any questions that were asked. So you failed for the third time.
I'm going to ignore this and pretend you're not here.
"The power of Christ still Compels you"@chrissyzee @TeamTrump @realDonaldTrump
the typical Republican establishment lie. Every election.
Bigly....Yuge and GHIINA. Trump please just go away now, we are done with you. And keep your hand off my p*ssy
So strange that he refuses to admit that the Russians are hacking America..what deal did he work out with Putin
Putin's puppet
an extremely talented and sophisticated con artist
She's never going to be my Supreme Commander!
Trumptanic struck an ICE BERG last night and will be going down Nov 8th,,,, 
BIG TIME,, Let me tell you
we know who is #Crooked, @SIR!
Big League" ???? So elementary you can't even get your message out in a coherent way
League, Trump is way out of his league#NoTrump
oh not bigly
Trump will give Bigly tax breaks to rich people like him. @HillaryClinton will raise taxes on the rich. 
"On the big league" is how that should really read.
it's bigly....
You do know that's not actually a sentence?
Under Clinton's plan, the average American will see their taxes cut to zero. @HillaryClinton
for the billionaires the middle class will lose one more time revise his plan
I've read this a number of times now. What does it mean?
So how are you going to pay for everything with less money?
Half the manufacturing, Hillary shipped abroad for bribes. Now she wants the other half to pay more tax? Sick!!
bullshit:)) as usual
