Blacks are being arrested for marijuana possession twice as much as whites, despite equal usage.
What flag are you speaking about!  I only support the Stars and Stripes!  You seem to support the confederate flag too!
For a Naturalized citizen - loss of citizenship. For a Native 4 years in the military so we can straighten him / her out @POTUS

@MISTERNIKA1 Damn RIGHT! !
You suck! Read the Constitution! The flag represents ideals, most of whicj you hate!
You promised your tax returns if you won; you won where are they? No? Sad.
https://www.facebook.com/OneLiberalsSlantOnPolitics/photos/a.375977142486405.93754.358801027537350/1139392156144896/ …
Lol the fact that you don't even know 100% if it is already illegal or not........
The Supreme Court has ruled twice that destruction of the American flag is protected by the Constitution, specifically the First Amendment's protection of free speech, even if the act is unsettling.

You don't have to like it, I don't like it. BUT it's a RIGHT given by our Constitution and YOU cannot take away our rights.
Hey, look, you're starting a dictatorship!
you freedom hating lunatic. Why do you hate the 1A?
Give @realDonaldTrump his twitter back!  I can’t stand the @GOP rhetoric and inconsequential tweets of the tween running his account. 

#LetTrumpBeTrump
Hey Dotard: Didn’t you take an oath to defend the constitution?  The supremes determined years ago that burning the American flag is an act of free speech.  Yet you say persons exercising that right should be jailed. What’s wrong with this picture?
It is disrespectful to our Military and America and Trumper can express his free feelings of it too!
Our military takes an oath to defend the constitution, not a piece of cloth. The fact that tRump is trying to take away those people’s rights is more disrespectful than kneeling during the national anthem or in fact even burning the flag.
Bardzo dobrze Panie Prezydencie za coś. BÓG CHONOR OJCZYZNA
odpierdol się, Chudski. Mind what's happening in our own fascist country, bitch.
You’ve burned every ethic and every bit of morality this country is built on.  Way more damaging than one burning a flag!
Wow you just slapped every veteran for your comment. Burning the Flag is a disgrace to every Veteran an the Family's.

Mr President 
Couldn't Agree More
I Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America 
And One Nation Invisible
MAGA
One nation invisible? Invisible?!? Why are Republicans hell bent on demonstrating to the world that they are complete imbeciles?
Dunno
Why do status quo #democRATS worry more about illegals than our homeless vets,American children who have dreams or our sovereignty&national security? Why are the establishment&Hollywierd a bunch of self-serving CORRUPT perverted PEDOPHILES? How'd they get rich 1st yr svc?
I agree 100% on this. It's a treason act.
Sigh.  All the while real criminals walk around free!
The flag and the national anthem are Customs, and not protected in the Constitution. For those who worship a Nation State the use of a flag and the singing of the national anthem is protected under the 1st Amendment.
Of all the Socialist/Communist countries in the world these idiots could go to, why do they stay here if they hate it?
Idjit
A Vietnam vet when returning home I could not ware my uniform to airport because I would be spit on. I fought for our flag, burn jail time
Thank you for the selfless service you gave, and personal sacrifices you made, in order 2 protect the freedoms I, & every American, enjoy.
Thank you are only a few that have said this to me . It means a lot to me a vet that could not talk about my service to my country
Recognition and respect for Vietnam Vets is the least one can give. You guys deserved & still deserve so much more.
Thanks you made my day
build that wall and put these pathetic flag burners on the other side-----God bless you and your beautiful family------fire sessions----special councel needed badly ---------semper fi
ffft - the only thing that will keep me from
burning chinese plastic is the environment !
It's a crime to rip up dollar bills, the same should be true of the flag.
https://twitter.com/ZarlinoG/lists/buildersclub2/subscribers … Hey Boss I need your help, no joke. I know you'r busy keeping one step in front of the other but I have taxed paid employees trying to put me jail because I know how to text a tweet. http://facebook.com/Text.Coach.Zarlino.1.614.233.1685 … @cyavideos
This was decided twice once in 1989 and once in 1990. The Supreme Court has ruled twice that destruction of the American flag is protected by the Constitution, specifically the First Amendment's protection of free speech, even if the act is unsettling. Live with it.
Consult your lawyers before putting your foot in your mouth again Donald. The Supreme Court has ruled twice that destruction of the American flag is protected by the Constitution, specifically the First Amendment's protection of free speech, even if the act is unsettling.
U.S. Flag Code, Title 4 Chapter 1 § 8
(k) The flag, when it is in such condition that it is no longer a fitting emblem for display, should be destroyed in a dignified way, preferably by burning.
Realistically they should be ostracized and blackballed. unable to get a job and receive no government benefits.
and what do you get for draping the flag around your withered dong every morning? a prize, my fine bich?
This is settled law and you shouldn't be distracted by it--Flag Protection Act 1989 unconstitutional--though I disagree...it's settled
The Supreme Court has ruled twice that destruction of the American flag is protected by the Constitution, specifically the First Amendment's protection of free speech, even if the act is unsettling. Trumps you (sorry)
Fuck You Fascist Scumbag.
Conditional Citizenship is a core tenant of Fascism

millions died for freedom, which includes freedom of expression and burning of the flag
Let's put Americans who own flags on a registry so we can make sure they're taking care of their flags.
to what extent will flag abuse be admissible before flag protective services is called?
ZERO TOLERANCE
is that supposed to be an insult ? im confused 
and you're an insult to all of humanity but u don't hear me talking shit do u? 
Sarah no, I think that's the problem with moral equivalency
.@realDonaldTrump You repeatedly disregard the 1st amendment. Get your shit together. You're going to be president.
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
Threats are not considered protected speech. You don't think burning the nation's flag is a threat?
definitely not. Can stand for an act of protest like many have done before
They riot in the streets, attack Trump supporters, cause millions in vandalism damage. It ends now
the government cannot impose a national symbol on its people so flag burning is legal
You're deluded. It does represent America in the context of their burnings. It is a direct threat
your responses are not backed by facts only opinions. Read actual case law on this Texas v. Johnson
Neither are yours backed by facts.  That court case has nothing to do with the issue.
u want to be a dictator.move somewhere else.
Pls
I wish you would do something about the burning of our Flag.
so pledge alligence to the flag means nothing. Millions died to protect your right for those freedoms so you burn it
They should be thrown out of the country bc men died for the right for us to fly our flag and that's sacred
I bet a lot of these are feminists who believe that there is an imaginary patriarchy that is oppressing them. Losers.
You should be behind bars. What's the number of women you've sexually assaulted up to now? #youareabadhombre
Yet another idiotic fartweet from trumppfff
I hear that it's the 5 cabbages he eats every day that give him so much gas. Take away Trump's cabbages!
trumppfff would still be full of rancid hot air
Not for a year... PERMANENTLY!
You that responded thinking it was real got played
right on
Agree it is time to correct what was wrong to start with.  Please get an admendment for all the vets & ones in service.
burning a flag that was probably made in China and probably purchased by the person burning it really isnt that big a deal.
you really should read the Constitution some time. It's not long maybe you could get someone to read it aloud to you
I find burning the American flag repugnant, but it is constitutionally protected speech, SIR.
- you do realize that burning the flag is allowed under the First Amendment? Do you even know what is in the Constitution?
know the law, like it or not the Supreme Court says it's ok!  Makes you look stupid when you say this.
there is a document you should read and understand.
Get a grip, you're whoring out the presidential seal on dixie cups and beer Koozies.
so what should be the consequence for flying the fucking nazi flag????
if you take away our first amendment rights you are not fit for the presidency! A dog would be better, they are loyal.
100% AGREE.
i don't like it, however freedom of speech is part of the constitution, as is the second amendment.
2 Supreme court rulings have said it's protected under #1A. Your understanding of government falls below schoolhouse rock.
Or both!
You people are disgusting ..you do need to go to Mexico or Iran if they will take http://you.You  don't deserve to live in America!
Easy to deal with,Just cancel all their welfair benefits!
Hi #orangeanus, did you fall asleep in school when they taught the first amendment?  #CluelessTrump #nevertrump
Ja!  Mein Führer!  For Der Homeland!
Bafone=Obama phone I assume  *buffoon.
Sounds like a plan to me respect 
Our USA if you can't respect her 
 please go home
This is a fake tweet
#say something about Cardinal Timothy Dolan. And how they cleaned up the cathedral in New York. Yorktown.
Ima place this here for the people who claim its "UnAmerican"
What are your thoughts on how we should punish sexual predators and people who commit fraud?
iT'S CALLED FREEDOM OF SPEECH. Whether you agree with the act or not, it is already a ruled upon issue. #POETUSisAnIdiot
Love what you sand for here @JenSpicer1977
Loss of citizenship? Heck no! #WheresTheRevolution
EPA to the rescue:  "ALL FLAGS MUST BE MADE FROM MATERIAL THAT CAN NOT CATCH ON FIRE".  Like fire retardant baby blankets!

because those are comparable consequences?!
Guess  that means you're going  have your vast constituency that misuse the American flag deported/imprisoned, too? Good.
two words: First Amendment
Trump you don't have to keep trolling for attention, you won all the attention.  ALL the attention lol.  it's yours 4ever
Read the f'ing Bill of Rights please.
Have you ever read the Bill of Rights?
As much as I hate it, I need to Agree with Mr. Trump you even love and respect your country and your flag or go away.
flag burning was ruled to be protected speech in Texas v. Johnson. Prohibiting that is unconstitutional. Educate yourself.
it's a flag. Get over it. It's made of fabric.
Nobody should treat Americans with the contempt you show - if they do there must be consequences.
LOSS OF US CITIZENSHIP... THAT'S THE BEST SOLUTION

AFTER ALL IF THEY CAN'T RESPECT THE FLAG OR THIS REPUBLIC, KICK THEIR SORRY @SS OUT!
Bullshit. In fact, I'll burn one today, and laugh at your grasp of the concept of freedom of speech.
Burning the US Flag, go directly to JAIL!!!
wrong tweet(by me)
Yep
2 years in jail THEN loss of their citizenship afterwards. Get them the hell out of our country! If a citizen, make it 10 yrs in jail!
Hard labor too
Oh yes! Excellent point.
Cant make emotional laws over offending people...the left will have us all locked up..And I will not give consent to control my property
YES! And perhaps we can put them to work in Venezuela or Uganda to discover their Utopia society for 2 years.
Is it OK to burn the Obama care manual Mr. President? LOL
I agree 100% 2 make it a Fed crime2 publically 'insult' American Flag while on American soil & in any country that rcvs aid from US
I think maybe a huge fine and a second offense jail and third military duty for 4 yrs.
Old school! Back when men were men and women were ladies. God, Family, Patriotism. #MAGA
Absolutely.  Men fought and died under that flag.
Trump is so stupid! If an American flag is damaged, it is considered more appropriate to burn it than to throw it out! Stupid!
@OurSaviorTrump : Ethics experts rap Trump after he needles Nordstrom over Ivanka
David M Jackson, USA TODAY. Drumpf asshol
What if your pet bald eagle shits on the flag?
Here we go 
Respect our Flag.
You wouldn't dare do it in Thailand that's for sure
What should the penalty be for raising your hand in a Nazi salute or spray painting a swastika on the side of a synagogue?

@mebabihutan 
I totally agree with "loss of citizenship" if anyone burns our national flag.Being American is by heart
Nobody should b allowed 2 say "I grabbed her pussy"/ "wen ur rich u can do w/e u want" and be president. Life ain't fair.
are you aware that you just violated the first and eighth amendment in one tweet?
Freedom of speech or just an act of Treason? People attacking the very roots that build up this great country=treason.
Take away their citizenship. They may hav right to "express their opinion" but in doing so they knowingly chose to give up their citizenship
and what punishment is proper for a person that sexually assaults women and brags about it? We're alway going to remember!
Agreed sir. I am now an American and believe that it is a privilege and I hope you can get  a new law to make it a crime
yeah!!!!!finally. How about not standing up for the national anthem.
Jailing ppl for using their right to free speech is unconstitutional. You can't jail ppl who do something you don't like.
What should be the consequences of your ignorance, hate & not understanding, supporting, protecting the constitution except if it suits u?
@CherylJstwin Agree it's horribly disrespectful-but our Constitutional rights r extended to this ungracious act!
Burning the Flag arrest them for inciting a riot! NO MASKS NO MACE NO CLUBS NO BACKPACKS NO ENTRY. NEED TO GUARD TO ENFORCE!
They are expressing the destruction of this country...you are fueling that destruction.
if YOU were my president, I would burn a US flag everyday
There's your next EO!!
1st amendment????? Do you even know the constitution?? Already the WORST president we have ever had! YOURE A DISASTER!
No, no, no -- If they FLY a MEXICAN flag, they get DEPORTED INSTANTLY!!!  AND lose American Green Card!
What about the consequences for this?
As sickening as that act is, Americans have the freedom to express themselves in any manner they wish, with few restriction
maybe you should read the constitution-in fact that right does exist. Regardless of your feelings.
It is against the law; proof you aren't reading your replies...

https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/700 …
AGREE, but this was already decided by Supreme Court wasn't it?  Freedom of Speech?  I don't think we can do it!
wow loss of citizenship? How about just jail time I'd agree if Jail or maybe just a fine is ok but citizenship really?!

@FiashfotoInc Blah blah blah.. give it a rest !!
check out that first amendment thing that Scalia ruled on regarding #burningtheflag
@LiberalsLose agreed. Taxes shouldn't pay for it though! Jail is free room and board for criminals.
Loss of citizenship would be extreme   How bout  the jail time. And three strikes ur out loss of citizenship.

it is AGAINST the law already!  US flag PL 5 CH 51 Sect 207: fine &/or jail or both. Inforce the law pls?! TY Mr. Trump
So when did this become the Republic of America? Now we're told what we can and cannot do with our personal property?
you know who REQUIRED patriotism by law? Nazis. Nazi Germany did that.
@xqben I know that's right?! 
Takes after his mentor.
Anybody who suggests this is the case should be, at least, removed from office.
what if your kids are freezing,you have no fuel to burn for heat,but you have a shed full of US flags? Would it be ok then?
I don't want to take away free speech rights, so maybe just make it ok to beat the shit out of them.
No need to sound like a dictator. You said you would uphold the Constitution. You are going to do the same on January 20th.
That's called freedom of speech!! Like all of the hate filled racist rants coming out of your mouth!!
thank you. I received your flags today. Thank you
@realDonaldTrump don't forget this statement!
yeah, lock 'em up with those wimmins who had them some abortions. Murikkka!
well, flag etiquette says a damaged flag should be burned - so you had better build more prisons
I agree! FREEDOM OF SPEECH IS ONE THING, BUT DANGEROUS ACTIONS ARE ANOTHER!  ANARCHISTS SHOULD BE PUNISHED!
Not against the law and considering what you are doing to our country, it is a logical response.
You are so un-American yourself. How dare you be such a hypocrite? All you love is your money & your orangeness.
Go home. You're drunk. And kind of stupid. And the two are a bad mix.
...1 planet, in our care, irreplaceable, with peaceful freedoms & love for all. Why pledge to a dead piece of fabric?
I pledge allegiance to the Earth, & all life which it supports. 1 planet, in our care, irreplaceable, w/ peaceful freedoms
Nobody should b forced to take in refugees we don't want or more unskilled workers w visa program in Ryan's budget we have a say and say no
What if we want refugees. Our economy booms after times of high immigration. Like when we took in the Irish, the Germans, etc.
They weren't Muslims a big difference. They assimilated the Muslims will never assimilate.
Please provide a citation to the study you are referencing. I have never seen it. 

Or is it something from Fox News or Breitbart?
Where's your proof that they are? Let me guess. CNN, MSNBC, WaPo, NYT or Huffpo?
I block stupid.
::  As a retired attorney who HAS READ the US Constitution, I would die to protect someone's right to free speech.
So much 4 freedom of speech.This muthafucka is anti-American as they come.#BurnThatShit oh let's use #feelthebern
yeah man punish the flag burners like in Europe!
LOL
burning the flag is like spitting in the face of those who died so your selfish as$ could be a pathetic loser and burn it
the constitution didn't say the flag specifically. We actually have a law against it. Supreme Court added it . Still Wrobg
remember when the flag touched the ground how that was awful? These libs have no clue what the flag represents. Leave
you flag burners have no respect and no idea how many people died to ensure you have the right to act like douchebags
FYI there's a law against it. But the babies wBt to have freedom to burn it under our laws that people died to protect them
Might want to check with the SCOTUS. #keepupthecomedicvalueofyourexistence. @billmaher @Lawrence @MaddowBlog @JoyAnnReid
BTW: https://goo.gl/VO4Al4  The Supreme Court ruled such punishments out in 1989.
Do you think you will be able to make up laws as you go? The constitution doesn't work that way brainiac.
Damm Straight 
what is so sacred about a flag that we should worship and honour it ? When prosperity, no one cares about flags, just money
When U get on your knees&Pray,then get up &tare the gold fringe off of that flag in your office,then as a Educated VET,I will honor it again
I guess you are right about the fringe never thought about it, but keep the faith son no matter what !!
Although I am not in favor of burning the American flag, freedom of expression/ free speech is a core US value
Agree!!! Other countries jail you for this!!
Presidents should not lie and cheat and WE the people have rights. Burning a flag to dispose of it is legal! Google that.
9
Totally Agree!
And the pledge of allegiance should be put back in schools!
I'd be happy with a severe beat down by a group of angry veterans.
Facism 101.
@jake_prater Trump desecrates the flag when he violates the Constitution. Emoluments clause? Google it.
he doesn't tho 
