No one cares PUPPET BOY - you are extremely unpopular - thus your gigantic loss in the popular vote!
Um, if he was extremely unpopular, why did he win the presidency? Why are there over 16 mil people flowing him?
Sure he won the electorate - but he still got crushed int he popular vote - closing in on a 3M lead for Hill.
but by the states due to the fact that there's more people in one state than the other.

I believe the people who has done these videos are pretty much worse than the things said about trump overall XD


What a generous thing to do when you donated your salary to a good cause
GOD BLESS YOU!
So sorry you ended up looking so ridiculous.
here is looking forward to your presidency and maybe a new more open politics. Take on all the tough issues head-on! 
filthy wood in a high security facility,where there should be lots of metal.

TRUE AMERICAN!
You are a disgrace. NOT MY PRESIDENT

It's a gif, moron.
lol everyone gets it. Just another triggered.
Sentences should all start with a capital letter. You have the punctuation right though. Yay!
the only person who likes to hear you talk is you
that sucks, I don't watch NBC anymore,
nobody really cares trumpy!!
How many ways have you thought of to profit from the Presidency so far? As you get richer, everyone else suffers as usual!
Go back to North Korea
How about a real news conference?
You SUCK.
i know
It will be a great interview
You need to condemn racism openly and call for unity.
whenr thingsgoing2 pickup obama hurt allpeople whoneed nothing sellonline we needbad Ihavestoup 2begging4bill$
Are you bringing your tax returns? @realDonaldTrump @TODAYshow
I'll be watching you Donald; thx 4 everything!
Surely we will
Why?
I will watch in spite of my disdain for that network!
LIVE FEED FROM TODAY SHOW. @realDonaldTrump @TODAYshow
And I, for one, will NOT be watching.  I have no interest in what this person says as it is mostly LIES.
have fun, make them look the fools they are.
Trumplethinskin release your tax returns!
Congratulations!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154870390157042&id=76073377041 …
 "President-elect Donald J. Trump is TIME magazine's Person of the Year."
Support #Balochistan
And then you will bitch about something that went wrong on it later :)
What "Liberals" are really whining about. I would rather be a "Liberal cry baby" then a Nazi
you are delusional and insult the jewish people
As I post everyday I am Jewish, my grandparents were in the Holocaust and they agreed
Anybody willing to bet Thin-skinned Donnie doesn't have a clue what day today is?
. HazNga!
a disfrutar
& NEVER want 2 me d big shot!! Matter of fact? I'm going 2 show Brooke that if I had a massive ego? NO WAY wud
Another reason not to watch. Rewarding @MLauer for his bias in forein policy "forum"
oh good more lies
FDA fastapproval for gene therapy important not drug pricing which is small % of healthcare costs. CURES save money & lives

More like "Me First"
awesome!!!! Are you sharing your tax returns on there Comrade?
"China’s State Media Tells Donald Trump to ‘Stop Acting Like a Diplomatic Rookie" #TrumpDiplomaticRookie
watched interview this am. Congrats on Time honoring you. Congrats handling Lauer on Divided States comment!
hey!!!! Are u still honored?
@chrgdup1973 you're missing a lot of @washingtonpost writers
Delete your account
nothing worthy has come from anyone that uses the word libtard 
Want a medal?
want a tissue
Yup, want a swastika?
same libtard come backs.
It's not a come back or a game, maybe to you, we really don't want to empower the next Hitler
maybe you're also over reacting
seeing similarities from history is overreacting? Maybe you're willfully ignorant to those concerns.
No, not learning from history and letting it repeat, even if there is a chance it won't, why take it?
any Trump simpletons woken yet?
Breaking: Trump's Treasury secretary pick is Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs banker turned Hollywood financier http://on.wsj.com/2gDyxo9 
@WSJ I wonder who Hillary's choice would have been?
Irrelevant, using Hillary to deflect from 2-face Trump doesn't cut it anymore - time to hold him to account
admit Mnuchin doesn't look good prima facie, but suspicion alone is not a crime.
& that wall is now a fence - born-into-privilege rich folk who'll do anything for power are not your friends
like you, I eagerly await the wall. Who would you suggest for treasury?
are you actually following what I'm saying? Trumpo is a fraud and he's proving it day-by-day
I'm giving him a lot of latitude before I conclude he's a fraud. Currently, he's misinformed/misguided to me.
Trump's trade policies will destroy 4 million jobs & prevent 3 million from being created. Not good for workers! @realDonaldTrump
maybe 3 million workers outside of the United States... he will be providing those jobs to Americans.
Nope. That is, unless you're audacious enough to think you know more than people with economic PhDs @sdonaldsonjr @realDonaldTrump
i think a selfmade billionaire is more qualified than someone with a fancy piece of paper. lol
u give anyone else a small loan of a million dollars, and they're blowing through that money. #guaranteed
do some research; multiple bailouts from daddy.
i dont think you have correct information. Trumps brother and sisters would be upset about that.
次期大統領(笑)の最低最悪な会見という意味では楽しめたよー貴方の会見に全世界が絶望と失望しただろうねおめでとうwww貴方に敬意を払うのは金儲けに成功出来た人、差別上等な人だけだろうねぇ…ああ、日本語じゃ伝わらないかな？
the USA embassies in West. Africa are in a filthy state

I WOULD LOVE TO BE IN YOUR WHITE HOUSE AS THE VOICE FOR THE PEOPLE OF CALIFORNIA AND AMERICA AS AN ADVOCATE, TELLING YOU PERSONALY THE NEEDS
ゲイゾウ･ビルディング(  ՞ةڼ  )
It will not be the first time Whites Supremacists built a wall, and not the last https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berlin_Wall … …
Race had nothing to do with the building of the Berlin Wall. Meant to separate West and East Germany during Cold War.
stop pretending you're teaching when your premise is false ... I never mentioned RACE. I said white supremacists buit the Wall
was race then there was no need to include the supremacist part. That idea also disregards other walls: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_walls …
don't make up your own terms .. stick to the facts
building the wall or it was completely unnecessary to include because race was not a factor. (2)
I never said race was a factor ... retweet where I said race was a factor ..
I think because it's live. It's the taped interviews he needs to avoid with them.

Move on... he doesn't need to show his taxes. Sure blind trust isn't done. Trial over.
What racketeering? Lied about what?
Does his settlement matter? It's done. Name one billionaire who have not had settlements.
 got me. You win with your meme. 
YOU WON PERSON OF THE YEAR, YOU KEEP ON WINNING!!!
so did hitler. He won an election too. Kinda looked like #Election2016   imagine that!
rookie, you forgot to bring your brain with you!
you're the one who assumed it was a win. For some it is; others, not so much. Not in this case.
You do realize that Person of the Year is not necessarily about being 'best' but having impact, for better or for WORSE?!
It doesn’t matter, snowflake. Donald Trump will be our POTUS for the next 8 years. Enjoy!!
8 years? You are clearly #delusional
So you’re using your voice for others who are afraid to speak to you SIXTEEN FOLLOWERS. OMG BWA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA 
Todays show is awful. You are worse. Rather watch Woody The Woodpecker. At least Woody won't con me.
Mat Lauren very disrespectful you were gracious!! Love you 
I really think @realDonaldTrump should have is own news update Station either on YouTube or TV. #TrumpNews #real
Thank you for the warning.  I was able to shut off TV in time.
..DO NOT PUT ROMNEY IN AS SOS.....DONT DO IT.....DO N.O.T. DO IT
show the proof you sold ALL share/stocks and your TAXES u tend to lie so we the ppl need proof
you tweet your interview schedule before tweeting about Pearl Harbor?  Shame on you!!!  Your priorities are horrifying.
how many hours do you sleep?
There's nothing enjoyable about watching a psychopathic, NARCISSISTIC, pathological liar conning the USA.
See?  You see yourself as a celebrity.  That is not presidential material... You are not presidential material.
I don't fucking care
I watched my first ever infomercial instead. Best thing on TV.
"enjoy"? Hahahaha
https://www.facebook.com/senatorsanders/videos/10155406688932908/ …
Over the Phone,= I heard it/saw it. **Awesome!**
what happened to your bully threatening tweet about Charlie?  Took it down coward?
#Resist
This tweet is like hearing "Beginning your root canal. Enjoy!" #notveryterrific
Yet you have no clue!
who cares! Lol
Stop promoting yourself, already...it's not presidential. You look like a tool.
I thought Alec Baldwin was the guest?
gag reflex ...
who cares? Delete your account and act Presidential

"...to heighten the experience, I hope they'll let me drag my fingernails across a chalk board! Enjoy!..."
#NeverRomney He is a TRAITOR..
We should consider that Trump wants mitt for SOS so he'll get malaria a bunch of times. #NeverRomney
WHERE ARE YOUR TAXES???
Why do you have to announce it?  What problems you have with your Ego!?
I hope you gave 'em hell!
enjoy? you mean cry/scream?
I wish I watched mainstream media but I don't.. I'll have to try to catch on youtube.

If I were you I would not give a boost to any of the early morning lib fests.They all hate you.
U should go on SNL and do U against nasty Alec. 
enjoy? Wow, you truly are are a narcissistic twit.
You mean @TRUMPshow?
please stop going on these MSM shows. Pick a podcaster or video blogger and tweet the link. I plead with you.
Ewwww I certainly won't be wasting my time! What a HORRIBLE way to start a day. #TroompaLoompa
He has a funny sense of the word "enjoy". I'm more likely to enjoy a head cold!
12 yo daughter excited to see you tonight in desmoines... driving from omaha!!!
. Flynn and Bannon are toxic.   By keeping them you adhere to their beliefs. Deplorable

yay
thank you for the warning If I had to look at your orange demented mug in the morning I wouldn't enjoy my coffee
stop interviewing him until he releases his taxes and starts acting Presidential-
big deal, must be serious business.
so what!
@TODAY. How does that work in relation to bringing in your Walmart quality suits and ties?
"I like Alec, but he mean. I need my safe place." stated TWITTER TWERP PRESIDENT ELECT CHEETO PUFF
Enjoy?  Are you that narcissistic?
. Enjoy!  Again, your ego is amazing!  Lol
hello president Trump I would like to work in your cabinet, how can I send you my resume
Hell to the NO I don't want to watch a RACIST, UNSTABLE, UNHINGED, FRAUD, CON MAN BUFFOON
Please keep your promise Make ALL illegals go back 2 their countries & come back legally. No free rides. Pay for what u get
Its kinda odd to have to announce that you are CONSENTING to an interview?  looking for kudos??
Rahm Emanuel - NO NO NO. #TrumpTransition
http://www.snopes.com/hitler-time-magazine-1938/ …
Did they ask you about this sick statement?
Thanks @realDonaldTrump!  You give and give 'til it hurts!  #BelieveMe
,We Love You President Trump,Go Get 'Em but B Careful,they like to Twist UR Words,We will B PRAYING for U#MerryChristmas
Only dum fools would enjoy that U fool. Go get your shirts made in Bangladesh and china then complain again Udum
Please GET OFF TWITTER and do your job.  TWEETING IS NOT GOVERNING!!  SPREADING YOUR MASS LIES THIS WAY WILL NOT WORK!!
You speak as if you have no education, embarassing for a President elect!
who cares
idiot
Enjoy?  You are being sarcastic. Right?
if you smear yourself with your own excretions and run about oinking I will enjoy it!
Columbia President Santos Calderon said in a BBC interview he does not have confidence in you!
See a true liar work their magic!
Biased NBC!
dont forget to also go on God's priview show #seekhim
SNL does skits on all Presidents. You're gonna have to get over it instead of complaining every frickin time.
ATTEND YOUR SECURITY BRIEFINGS. Learn and ask questions.
America first. Americans first. No more first names. We are all Americans in this country.
What a narcissist!  #toodumbtobeourpresident
@ovojulio great interview
#notmypresident
Constantly following Mr President just so u can spew h8,isn't going2stop the fact that he will b n the White House!!
so excited for Donald Trump to be our president 
how about a real press conference?
I heard your interview. You suck!
Actually watched the Union man from Carrier plant who told the truth. 750 jobs saved not 1100 out of 1400.
Indiana TAXPAYERS to pay Carrier $ 7 MILLION dollar BRIBE.Will Carrier have to pay 35 % tariff since 2100 jobs went to Mex?
Is that something you typed up? Or did your fake new source tell you that? Show me your source please?
am  ur no1 fan hope to see a down to earth President that will stop so many evil !
I am wrong to present my appearances as entertainment, instead of the serious conversations they should be. #TrumpIsUnfit
DONT WANT TO START THE DAY WITH HEARTBURN
sorry I missed it had to work.
Thank you No .

Trump sucks! But his followers are swallowers!
sold their soul to the devil @realDonaldTrump when choosing #NotMyPresident as man of the year.  #TraitorTrump
I was shocked that you actually agreed to this.
Thank you, President Trump!!!
don't brag. Hitler was also named "person of the year" by Time magazine. But you'll take that as a compliment.
I enjoy trump like most people enjoy a sideshow. Not as a president #shitpresidentforwankers
I will be interviewed on the  @TODAYshow. EOM.
Enjoy #MakeAmericaCuteAgain
Oh darn it all I missed it.:D
Please mention how TIME is "TIME WARPED"
Hey Everybody! Look at me!! Look at me!!
