@INVUQT do you ever sleep?
@Pontifex @POTUS This FBI decision to finally seek justice for the Americanpeople&prosecute corruptHillary is God's prayers
dear Lord in Heaven, hallow be the name, for kingdom come thy will be done on earth as it is in Heaven. God Bless you win.
now you crossed the line
majority of catholics are fraudslike you
I just don't know how anyone can be a Christian Catholic or any faith in God and still be a democrat!
I hate you. that is all.
I believe in you Trump you will win.
You're so terrible and thats all that matters right now. guess what?  You caused your own demise & is being beat by a girl
Fake news!!!
So will You be Sounding The #Trumpets,"Trump-Pence"!? I Pray That The Earth will Only See Your Good-Right Eye¿? #CC TV add!
We need to be proactive is monitoring the Senate.  The Dems will go RINO shopping again. Like 2000 I think it was.  CAUTION
Why has nobody investigated the fact that hundreds of transgender women are at a rapidly increasing risk of fatal assault?
@CNN @TeamTrump Trump deserves to get prosecuted for his abuse of women!
I know ur going to win.   I like saying President Trump!!!  Sincerely,  Donna June Reed
why no-one ask Donald about his rape or a 13 year old girls that's in court now
Trump for President 2016
Hillary for Prison 2016
because my friend State Media is going to do nothing but drag you through the muck and mud your still my president! !!!!!!!
YEAH, GO TRUMP, #makekeemagain
again looking to divide America go away
we will defeat trump the rapiest!
.@realDonaldTrump Need Pls To remind PPL Wikileaks's is ran by Wanted Fugitive(Rapist)it's true PLS check it out.Arrest him not use 4 votes
if the info is true ,what difference does it make who puts it out
but the problem is who knows what's true ? Trumps opinion is whomever he's around. He craves to be adored
emails stolen at your request? Liar.
emails can't be stolen only copied
that what they are telling you now? Silly.
just the law. You are confused. DJT didnt steal any emails. Neither did the russians. Podesta lost his phone
says.......? Your argument is ridiculous.  you have info our intel doesnt to make your guess?
Kaine says he's Catholic. How many "practicing"
Catholics  brag about Swinging in ordet to save marriage ?
just accept you lost to a girl. 
Cause he has an opinion I was raised Catholic and half of them would stab me in the back when they left church!
Dishonest Media!
Now you have a problem with Catholics because you made an arse of yourself?
You have no idea what she said, do you?
well, you insulted them to their faces at AL Smith dinner. So, better to not remind anyone!
You will lose and your brand is now crap.
Why hasn't anyone asked Mike Pence how much the devil paid for his soul.
<3 you will make america great
I don't get how anyone proclaiming to be Christian can support third trimester abortion! Terrorism at its most intimate.
I support you sir
exactly!!! He said Killary is going to kick out faithful CATHOLICS unless they change their views on abortion n ss marriage
I am a Catholic. I saw nothing offensive or derogatory. I know you are a LIAR
why don't I ask you about the two cute 13 year old girl you had your party with. The basis of your lawsuit in December
I'm praying for you.
HRC has NO PLAN
I am with you Mr. Trump. God bless you.
#I'mwithyou
@PaulaJanL Why haven't you sent the FEC to check out Why Hillary visited the Election office in Florida
Until they start kissing your azz again. Yeah they scared of U don't knw Y.@NBCNews @ABC @CNN @MSNBC @CBSNews Grow BALLS
TRAITOR TRUMP USING RUSSIAN HACKED E-MAILS MOSTLY LIES BY PROPAGANDA MACHINE. PUTIN = KGB = TRAITOR TRUMP
I have noticed something very interesting, I travel a lot. Funny how the FNC is not on in many hotels... Coincidence?
Please make them take the Dem commercial off that shows you "making fun of disabled man". We know it is not true!!
Losers never win ... hence, you'll never step foot in the Whitehouse.
Too many Clinton lies. (Benghazi, watching her lie to parents who lost sons) I will never forget
crooked Hillary now says you used Mexicans to work. They need not accused you of being  racist!
I'll check your charge against two 13 year olds in Dec. 2016.
Best way to put me to sleep? Say the word, "email."
Tim Kaine would probably lie about it anyway he's got more important things to lie about like Obamacare being great
why has nobody asked Pence about his "CONVERSION THERAPY" legislation?? Or your lying to clergy?
u cant play both ends of morality. advice 2 murder ur baby is talking out of both sides of ur mouth Jesus said "Go & Sin no more! "
Because he is now a Catholic in bad standing. Weather he admits it or not.
why has no one asked you about the 13 y.o. girl in 1994-95?
Donald ,another excuse for Catholic 's to enter a vote for 
Trump
No you wont
@jjauthor its urgent that you continually talk about @wikileaks people need to know!!

http://LumpyNews.com/WikiLeaks 
.Sadly, nearly every major organization iI this nation favor Clinton. Happily, we favor a real change agent TRUMP!
Catholics should go to http://OANN.com  & search Rev John Lankeit.  Tim Kaine is a disgrace!!!!!
Because it wasn't that bad and not nearly as bad as grabbing pussy!
Catholics should go on http://OANN.com  and search Rev John Lankeit. Kaine sitting in church doesn't make you devout
he will blame it on Russia! Can't  wait till your our next President
rapist
Oh I don't know. Seen Spotlight?
MR Trump we want to see you Make America Great again.God Bless you.We don't want HRC as our commander and Chief 
Ml
#nevertrump
everyone thought this fuck was a joke nope he's a seriously an competitor and that shit scares me
AND when Trump wins, WikiLeaks will sort out all the bad politicians and maybe something can be done to stop corruption
you should never be allowed to be on a ticket for President until you release your taxes.
WHY did you rape a 13yr old child Your not  winner your a loser who is LOSING LOSING LOSING and your"Brand"is tanking LOSER
Morgan Freeman in Hillary commercial was to marry his grand daughter,  I would say a scandal
keep it real http://America.VOTE  Donald Trump,America WILL be Great Again...
No he won't. Even if he does, he won't. Because deep down inside of Trump even Trump knows Trump is a loser. #Bigleague
before you talk about anybody else or say anything else provide your texts before November 8th or ur going to lose votes

why not ask pence about his extreme views on abortion. he will lose next term
because we'd rather laugh at you and how you've destroyed your name and brand
Again @wikileaks is disseminating Russian disinformation. Pathetic that you look to Russia for backing.
WHY HASN'T ANYONE...
kings are born ,not made. God's will certainly prevails over manipulations and gang ups.Be focused
these emails are dated  2011 and Hillary was not involved.
what about Catholics are they the next group  that you will be slamming.
Polls wrong, media and polls cannot be taken in presidential election results until Nov Eight
nope.
see Pope's cape. head of fish god DOGON
PENIS OF GOD OSIRIS IN FRONT OF WOMB VATICAN IN ROME. PROTESTANTS BEWARE, NO SODOM N GOMORRAH, STD, GONOHREA
Catolics are Sun worshippers,Pope pretend to create Jesus at mass TRANSUBSTIATION patriarch reject in Ukraine last moth
Because it is obvious there is no issue or Tim Kaine wouldn't be on the ballot. We are not stupid like you seem to think.
You were right about Megyn Kelly but Newt called her out on it.
even with Assange desperately trying to RIG the campaign in your favour, you are still losing, watch the polls
Your on drugs Paedo ! Clinton by a landslide !
anybody know if Assange is ok??
OMG!! First birthers and now the Catholics??? You are a total wingnut

I voted today in coral gables, Florida. And you can see that we are winning  this elections.
No, he won't.
The Catholics are evil!
They're part of the conspiracy against you!
Everybody knows that! come on man
#MakeAmericaGreat
yes we the people will win!
because the 30 low info voters didn't know anything about it
Stop preaching. You don't become a Catholic by driving past a church.
because they are both liers and his answer would be a lie
@StatesPoll what is he hiding
I'm a Catholic and I was not offended!!!  Leave us Catholics out of  your dirty work!!!
you shouldn't be elected dog catcher
time for that massive stroke Donnie
wikileaks were tainted and tim caine is the best
very good question
cause nobody cares.  There were 30 people at his rally.
this just in corrupt polling going on..
http://www.infowars.com/report-votes-switched-from-trump-to-hillary-in-texas/ …
Don't worry, Sir. This will all be over very, very soon.
you put your time money energy and life on the line for Americans. Somebody could assasinate you

I'm Catholic. What horrible things did Hillary say about Catholics?
when was the last time you went to church
the machines are rigged here in Texas. Reports coming from all over Texas on fb.
cuz you're blowing it out of proportion that's one 2 you will lose and you will lose Big League
We voted for you today.  At our polloing place there were Trump signs but no Hillary.  Texas loves you.
show me your tax returns and stop whining about wikileaks. We have seen everything from Clinton tax returns and wikis

Because it's a non-story.  Sorry politics there, again.

Rigging the Election – Video III: Creamer Confirms Hillary Clinton Was PERSONALLY Involved
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEQvsK5w-jY …



you mean from the Russians your buddies, don't beleive anything that comes out
you are despicable!!!!!!
I will give her Catholic! Let's look at her sins before making statements like thst
Uhm...no you won't win. You don't have a snowball's chance in Hell at this point. You did it to yourself.
Haha
WHERE ARE YOUR TAXES DJ??????
Or ABORTION!!! Last I checked Catholics were against it!!!!
Boy crazy, you're criminally negligent. IGNORAMUS!
BUFFOON AND LIAR
@ConcealNCarryNt Protect the FIRST AMENDMENT, DUMP TRUMP.
DONALD WOULD YOU PLEASE TAKE A BREAK FOR A COUPLE DAYS LET THEM SEE YOU PLAYING A GOOD GOLF GAME COME ON
Easily the most corrupt Presidential candidate. Maybe the most corrupt American ever.
because he probably not a practicing Catholic!
my toddler whines less than you
your living in your own little world.  He in the United States of America were about to elect Hillary!
Never Trump
Maybe b/c no one cares. We all just want this election to be over and for you to disappear.
#WRONG
They did you dummy. And he responded beautifully
Do U know 
 1 John 4:12 means this, wouldn't it be Great if we were 1 people, under 1 God, with 1 flag.
Damn it will be fun to watch Trump's Twitter if Clinton wins. I can just see everyone losing their everlasting shit
At least we probs won't start nuclear war to try to keep her out.
I doubt anyone will start a nuclear war. It's a bigger thing than people think. And Hillary knows it.
So does Trump for that matter
'cause the Pope defacto excommunicated him by saying Can't be Catholic and pro-abortion. #NeverHillary
I'm a landslide we will win! Latinos for Trump!
If you would pay attention instead of always wining, you have noticed that Chuck Todd addressed this on MTP
and why are u not in jail?
look buster I was baptized/raised as/parochial school...
Now a non practicing 4 very good reasons.
It's organized
stop talking about rigged elections . We've got it. Talk about Obamacare increases and immigration. Drain the swamp
WikiLeaks. Lol.
@StatesPoll trump our Cubs can use the cars and businesses in Mexico
How are you going to win?
Do you know how to add?
Do you know the Electoral College exists? 
Truly #delusionalDonald 
@StatesPoll
Save the world from the Addams family a.k.a. Clinton
Because maybe this Catholic can tell you that you completely reject Catholic teachings.
Hope to many illegal aliens do not vote.
yawn. Z z z
because you are raving mad
"C" for Christians who don't put their faith in a hooded man HRC likes to manipulate Catholics and millennials
Centipedes beware. Here there be cancerous comments.
