you are about to get whipped in the election and to make it worse by a woman
Really? Do you see the polls you're quoting?
DID SHE REVEAL OUR CLASSIFIED NUCLEAR RESPONSE TIME !?!
Can't wait President Trump
Not the homerun but ok. Wish you called her out on the sale of uranium to Russia and asked her who's Vlads True friend is!
The Buckeye state will not be fooled by you.
The Orange Buffoon is a sore loser Sad
you won indeed!!! We are all very proud of you and really wish you win on Non 8th. #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #Winon8th!!
Did you notice HRC committing #treason during the debate? The launch time for nuclear weapons is a state secret. or was.
LOSER!
Hey it's 3:30am.....
What's your porno recommendation?
.@realDonaldTrump We're accepting the election's results, so sod off.
.@realDonaldTrump Win? LoL! 
#Delusional
YOU LOST! BIGLY!
dude, she ripped your best weapon, Wikileaks, from your hands and shot you with it.  You lost, bigly.
These are online quizzes, not polls. @realDonaldTrump
Donald for President
#whineylittlebitch @billmaher @pattonoswalt @anamariecox @SarahKSilverman  
This was my favorite Trump quote tonight:
still not much policy details, lost in a landslide. Where can I download your tax returns? you said they would be released.
didn't win
#StillDelusional on #BullshitMountain #TrumpIsAnAbuser #TrumpFascism must fail. #TrumpedUpTrickleDown #TrumpBlueFalcon
Youre out of your mind! She's a criminal! She's murdered people!
Thank you Mr. Trump! My family is counting on you and believes in your vision to #MAGA !! 's future is at stake.
WTCW
Coram, N.Y.
Trump 100%
Clinton 0%
CNN said Hilary win !
I'll be a real friend to you and tell you... GENTLY... YOU LOST ALL THREE DEBATES, IT'S TIME TO GROW UP!
According to somebody's opinion he won all 3 and she won all 3 and he lost all 3 and she lost all 3.  Opinions
... umm... you debate like a girl.
YOU DID AWESOME President Trump!
brilliant debate and if you don't win will be scared for Americas future
Trump will win the military vote.
what planet are you on you clearly lost
Our next POTUS!
how quickly people forget Ike kicked out millions of illegals, and America liked it. Go figure. #deport #debate
What debate were you watching? #LoserDonald
.@realDonaldTrump #LittleLeague
Do you think Hill the Shill has recovered from being confronted over her "foundation" yet??? Go Donnie :)
LOL too early in the morning for comedy.
Your drugged up criminal candidate with the earpiece didnt.
you think we are, good then stay the fck in Canada.
Why? Because youre dependent on our economy you loser.
OMG you dont know your economy is dependent on ours? You really are a bot.
Sigh. Again, online polls don't mean anything. There is no universe in which you won the debate. It's over.
Jr. says your running for president is a step down for you. If it's beneath you that says a lot.
Now if he could run for dictator...
You lost the Debate! You're a  horrible individual! Way out of your league! Sad times for the @GOP !!
Labor & delivery nurse? And you support a vile beast that would kill an infant moments from birth? Sick.
I was not impressed. He left a lot on the table.
Shutup. #NeverTrump #ImWithHer #Debates2016
you want to wash this country down the drain?
No, I don't. That's why I'm not voting for Trump. #NeverTrump #ImWithHer #Debates2016
if you vote for Killary you are voting for a criminal
I'll take my chances with a criminal over a retard any day - but thank you for your concern. #NeverTrump
Child abuse!
I'm calling Child Protective Services.  lol
Please do lol - at least you know with Hillary the poor child has a brighter future!
by being ripped out of the womb days before birth? Please tell me more
Late term abortions are done when there is medical necessity obviously!
Ha! You are delusional.
The delusion, sadly, is yours. You let other people's opinions become your own. @realDonaldTrump
What do you mean? Please tell me your opinion robot. So I can ignore it.
I didn't relies I was taking a test troll.
If you win you will say the results were right..if you lose you will say they were rigged. you can't have it both ways
when you're a billionaire, yes you can have it both ways any any other way you want it 
Meanwhile, on planet Earth, the question is: Will Clibton win the election by a landslide?--
first you gotta spell her name right. Then you have to pay stop feeding on MSM koolaid
Apologies: Clinton with an "N."  "Pay stop feeding."  Well, um, OK.  It's stats, not opinion.
well with limited characters i had to revise and missed deleting a word.Anyway same as brexit
Fair enough!  Anyway, we live in a democracy: May the "best" one win...
you are delusional. She owned you and the debate!
ummm...Nadine I normally take a sleeping pill to fall asleep. But as soon as Hillary opened her mouth I was
LOLOLOLOL
YOU BOMBED! LOL YOUR FIRED!!!!!!

can't stop whining. He's a whiner, the biggest, a really yuuuuge whiner, I tell ya. Big league whiner!  SAD!  #NeverTrump
#HillaryKILLBabies #HillaryOpenBorder #TrumpChange #DrainTheSwamp
great job Sir. Take a bow!
Many people are saying that you lost BIGLY!
uh no you didn't
you go Donald keep talking about her WikiLeaks and it makes her so diss honest and I can't believe people will vote for her
oh Little Donnie, you lost All 3 debates BIGLY! Lol
you didn't win Donald...you lost all 3...you are a loser...
you wanna talk about rigged 
she will as we say "sit pretty" and enjoy the luxuries of presidency.  Maintain status quo.  NOT GOOD ENOUGH!
That’s a wrap, folks. Thanks for coming. You’ve been a terrific audience.

https://www.yahoo.com/news/the-trump-show-is-ending-sad-134109964.html …
Wrong.  You lost.  Everybody's talking.  https://twitter.com/toddzwillich/status/788955759635795968/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw …
TOTALLY AGREE ON THIS STATEMENT!
And again a prove that You're living in Your own reality. You make the U. S. looking bad around the world
didn't his wife say he apologised 2 her but last night he said he didn't apologised 2 his wife he can lie so well wake up
#MAGA

#whatareyousmoking
Trump was more professional. I anticipate a near tie, so yes, Trump may very well go to the courts over the election.
I reckon no one told u Hillary won all three debates
actually,
Didn't u just say a few days ago that u didn't believe the polls anymore?  Yep, u did!  
I'm in that KPLC Viewing area, and the numbers are accurate.
not one reputable poll but think what you want.
listening to you is like listening to a 3 year old Hitler throwing a tantrum
your movement is a bowel movement
I voted for her
You do know that these are not scientific polls correct?  Ok...you won all 3 debates, sure.  Good job delusional.
the #ModernGOP completely ignored the #2012GOPautopsy! Love GOP? Hate GOP? Read the report!
Hahahaha
Wake up Trump, you lost. Admit it. Sad
Dude, YOU did NOT win. No F'n way. You babbled for most of the debate. Puppet!!
Silly #Drumpf. You didn't win! You just did a little bit better compared to your previous failures. #whinylittlebitch
Yes,you clearly won the debate by a landslide as HRC was cringing and becoming very volatile. Donald Trump drain the swamp
Um, you only won in ur own mind.  The rest of the world knows @HillaryClinton won!!
what debate were you at?!?!? stick a fork in yourself, you're done
@KristiNBC5 this man is insane

Hey everyone, just a heads up! I had a family member that voted this morning and her vote had changed to Clinton!
clown
ummmNO u didn't !
dont know even one of those polls. 
Your buddies @BreitbartNews didn't think so! HA and they even collect money for you!!!! LMAO #debate #soreloser
looool!
 
Can these polls be any more obscure. You forgot "
Time to drain the swamp, drain the swamp. Gators have got to go.
Sorry  but I wouldn't call that a win like you think is was.

I wish you would quit shooting yourself in the foot. "Of course" is the answer when asked about election result acceptance.
Russia and Iran want you to thank Hillary for telling the world about our nuclear response time.

You can't even tell the truth about online 'polls'  @fox6now survey shows 64% think Clinton won.
wrong
Mr Trump We need you more than ever! I'm praying that you win big like you deserve it!
But you didn't win dude! lol
make a video of how all major cities looked before N.A.F.T.A. and after. No one can deny what it's done to our country.
LOL The Washington Times? Really?
ahahahahahahahahahah you really think that train wreck of a performance was a win? Your delusional loser
@TrotAlex yes it is
Seriously? You don't seriously think you won, do you? You need help! You need Psychological meds to get your brain in check
Of course they are going to say that they own the MEDIA. But their plan is this, wake up you fools https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=trump+mask+off …
you are so deluded. You could see your loss on your family's faces.
she so smug about the apprentice, um when people won a challenge the money went to the charity of their choice @RSBNetwork
and on what planet do you live honestly… Where's the proof… Oh that's right it's on his tax return that he refuses to release
Lost Again, so deplorable Donald
let's stay on track--policies, emails, lying. No election rigging conspiracy!
you do know these are polls where a person can vote as many times as they want
yes drain the swamp of you and your supporters
Women in the Buckeye State of Ohio for Trump!
you not in Reality......take another snort
Most of those polls are unscientific, maybe rigged.
You make up your own polls.....you lost all 3 debates.  You will lose the election.  @HillaryClinton @HFA
iam for donald men are stronger then woman ....for real and hes a leader with fresh ideas....
u do realize the only people participating n those online/media polls, r TRUMP supporters & 20% of THEM thought HILLARY WON
Sweetie, ya didn't win.
Now I know you must be on drugs. You lost all 3 debates. Loser. The more you say the better for Democrats.. YES!
in your dreams.
hahahahhhhahahahahahahahaha
@FiveThirtyEight these are more accurate. Go to http://fivethirtyeight.com  @NateSilver538
I too find that, if I ask a group of people that I know like me if they like me, I get favorable results
I seriously cannot wait until you, your idiotic kids and whatever @EricTrump is, are gone

EXCLUSIVE:FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email Investigation Agents are Furious http://dailycaller.com/2016/10/17/exclusive-fbi-agents-say-comey-stood-in-the-way-of-clinton-email-investigation/ … via @dailycaller
delusional...
wow you must really be on coke if you think you won that debate. Your performance was embarrassing.
you haven't won anything since the primaries
doooooooooooosh
That says it all.
You cannot be serious. Keep it up. I LOVE winning elections.
This is a FOX poll, who do you think they polled? Republicans, yes, that why this poll says you won
but you did not win!
all unscientific "fun" surveys. Self-delusion is not a strategy. #ManUp #SheWon
@OurbabyMinx boy please!!
how much did you pay them to say that sweetie?
You really do live in a reality world Donnie!!! LMBO
What world are u living in?
PROOF THAT HARD WORK PAYS OFF. I ADMIRE YOU SO MUCH DONALD. 
YOU WILL NEVER HAVE OHIO, NEVER EVER, YOU ARE A JOKE, AMERICAN PEOPLE KNOW THIS, WATCH AN SEE. STOP ALL THE BS YOU TALK.
you did not win you got beat up by a girl!
I heard Putin won his election with 96%!
You even lost the Breitbart robopolls.
Final stretch!  Ready to #MAGA and stop the corruption that has plagued the current administration for years.
you start celebrating your victory,dont be hesitant
we already burned all the trump signs wyd here

win? You lost  trumpster.
clearly was watching an entirely different debate than the one he was in. Clinton took it. Stop lying to yourself.
you lost
#TRUMPTRAIN doesn't sleep on the job! #TRUMPWINS #TRUMPWINS #TRUMPWINS If you are talking I am treadmill walking! We Win!
why did u keep posting these BS /fake polls?
This is all I found on Time's site.
STAY OUT OF OHIO.
I'm coming to see you tomorrow- Va Beach - driving 3 hours can't wait to see the DON! #bestdayever
plz talk about Electronic Voter Fraud don't allow Hillary to steal the Election. http://openlettertodonaldtrump.com 

You didn't win, Donald. You lost bigly.
what debate you talking about not a Presidential one. 
could you remind me who all these sources are? e.g. what the hell is the "washington times"?
yep should post more of obama speeches from 2008 show how hippicritcal obama is becse nothing changed about hrc
. Guess you weren't there. You did not win. Only things you got were headlines.
you are absolutely out of your mind. What win are you talking about? You will always be a loser. It's written on your face
This is proof of Erwin Schrödinger's multiverse theory. We must have all been watching in another universe. #USElections
