What u r doing by questioning the legitimacy of r elections is a far greater threat to democracy than Iran taking hostages
HRC who put our national security at risk and gave favors for cash against American interests is the threat.
All 17 US Intelligence Agencies confirm Russia hacked us w/#Trumps applause. He their stooge. THAT'S a threat!
Of 17 agencies some are coast guard,treasury etc.They didn't confirm shit. That woman lies her ass off
Can you offer yourself in an exchange?
will he win your state ?
I'm going to say no.  A Republican hasn't won this state since 1988. I can't believe Trump would break that
yea but the theory is whites are gonna vote for him but don't tell polls that frog
Here is a deal! They give our guys back quick before we start vaporizing their assets.we need to set an example so everyone knows what happens when you mess with American's.
but it did happen???
"oops you did it again"..you bragged and lied to get all the trumpers in your favor
Just happening in the DPRK LYING Trump.
Well it has happened twice since you are President.  What are you going to do.
No need to worry Donald. You being President will never happen. Now go back to bed and keep dreaming of Ivanka in ur bed.
explain please.
Share the $hit out of this!!! 
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=oNYAvaqW7kU …
is this from @TheOnion ?
The next Reagan!
All I can say is THANK GOD you will NEVER be President.  You have no clue about Iran. You would be a PUPPET of PUTIN.
we knew that was coming thanks to Obama and crooked Hillary
“Grab em, hug em, kiss em.” #VoteOrGrope http://www.voteorgrope.org/  https://twitter.com/VoteOrGrope/status/788810406525595650/photo/1pic.twitter.com/oLVPqxY7Yq 
I'm with her for prison #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
"when"
you are as arrogant as you could get, you know arrogance is a sign of stupidity?
but remember the last time it wasn't ransom ( sarcasm)
THANK GOODNESS YOU DON'T HAVE TO WORRY.
Keep challenging people to ask Hillary about the pay for play why are there no questions BECAUSE ITS RIGGED!
#Draintheswamp
I think u don't quite understand how the world works.I'm afraid you think it's easy to be prez.Not good qualities 4 da job
don
nah, it will probably happen a lot more
you cannot bluff with these people, they only respect doing what you say you do, they need put back in bottle
ha... what would you do... start a nuclear war 
what're YOU gonna do tough guy who's scared of Megyn Kelly, and dodged the draft with a foot booboo
What, no tweets about SNL this morning?
totally it won't! Who would want ransom from a bankrupt?
yeah we know you will fix everything cuz u r so powerful...blah blah blah u will never be president!!!
please elaborate?
prayers for the families is our first priority, then let's work on stopping their insanity.
Just saying it doesn't make it so. You have to have a plan.

You don't have a plan. For anything.  Just hot air & blather.
hang it up, orange clown ....
It'll happen more if you are.
so obama paying ransom is trumps fault? Iran taking more hostages b/c they get money from obama... not trump
Dumb DT voters it was Iran's money the USA had refused to return for years
we kept their money and tariffed them b/c they took FUCKING hostages! History bitches look it up
Demeaning educated women to make you feel good is why DT will lose. Women are smart & vote more then men
play victim card. Doesn't excuse your lack of knowledge regarding Iran and our history with them.
This shit has to end and not perpetuated because Left wants a woman POTUS NO MATTER THAT SHES INCOMPETENT AND A CRIMINAL
and you want a tax dodger, draft dodger, sexual predator, fraudster and pathological liar? #NeverTrump
Followed The IRS and draft laws, won 92% of his law suits, any lies pale to Killary
really? Cause Trump was named king of liars by fact checkers!! Hillary has always been vindicated
cow blocks when confronted with facts.
Thanks buddy!
It's gonna be a tough 8 years for you lalaabeeee - better get Doc to up ur meds...
Key Word "IF"  IF pigs could fly; IF I had a nickle for every time you lied; IF anyone else ran, they'd beat Hillary. "IF"
We are doomed for war if Hillary gets in #DrainTheSwamp
you have already lost.  HRC and Obama have failed you.  If you want a better life, #VoteTrumpPence16
If we've already lost and a Trump victory is a foregone conclusion, then why do you need us to vote for him?
You vote for anybody you want to. This is a free country. We will elect Trump
I guess you like her taking 12 million from the king of Morocco for state favors? I don't.
is a perfect example of why we need to vet presidential candidates and review their experience.
http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/2016-presidential-debates/women-key-planners-events-trump-venues-are-down-n670721?cid=sm_tw_lastword …
No one in their right mind would vote to be controlled by worthless garbage.
Thought You guys were sure Killary is going to win and if, if, she does that's exactly what we'll be getting
how exactly will you stop it from happening Don?
By Making America Great Again (which will probably encompass stopping hostage taking somehow I guess)
so no detail then?
The devil is in the detail. Which is why detail must be abolished.
Thank God you'll never be President! #NeverTrump
How many more Porn Stars did you try to Solicit? #NeverTrump
it's pretty bad when a porn star accuses you of sexual assault!
Just curious, but how would that work? An invisible Trump forcefield that physically prevents Americans from being grabbed?

- first 10O days agenda https://youtu.be/hqq90uLGK-k 
live this....get the crooks out of DC!  #VoteTrumpPence16
oops, love this!
full of bs
the truth about #Russia
not really
No doubt but Putin wont mess with the USA. He is sly but not stupid. The Russian military is not what it used to be.
.@realDonaldTrump you are below average.

Sources cited:
You know it.
I know it.
Even @foxbusiness knows it.

#NoMidasTouch
Plz Eric, explain hw u hv managed 2 create amazing success, & wealth 4 urself...#RhetoricalQuestion
what does happen?  tremendous things?
russians are proud of you, Donald!!!!!!!!!! http://operline.ru/content/v-mire/aleppo-i-mosul-ochevidnoe-neochevidnoe-infografika.html …
That is probably a set up for when Obama leaves office. He will have billions of dollars in Iran. He isn't fooling me.
tbh id rather have isis as president
say it louder
Richard Branson seems to know the real you...
When did this happen? Not today.
I think you mean “won’t happen”
These people would not have a country to come back to if u were president.u would have twitter war with somebody & nuke CA
considering the precedent they think (know) they can make some money. Please, Donald keep up the pace and knock her out.
Mr. Trump, how would you prevent this from happening?
Blow Iran up and give the land they are on to Israel. Iran is worthless! They do not respect us because Obama is an idiot!
oh boy - you gonna negotiate a tremendous trade deal with China and they send our hostages home?
yep, bc you know more than the generals lol
Ransom. If they're harmed in any way Reign Hellfire down on the bunch of dogs that has them. #FearAmerica
Fix the rigged election if you want to win
Why do Americans even go there?  Oh, be still my heart, could it possibly be HRC and her Willy?
Race seems close, can't help but think if the rest of the party was backing you you'd win. 2 Ryan and the rest SUPPORT HIM.
Iam 99% sure being President would not stop this as capturing American or any other country's citizens happen all the time.
but what would you do please articulate
Their only mistake was not taking you instead.
@DonaldJTrumpJr 2K will be taken if you, wait, I can't even say it!!! LOL!!!!
hiw many promises will you make that arent even possible to keep.
What, no $400mil??? OBAMA/HC= end of the US as we know it
So if anyone gets captured while you are President will you Resign
@DonaldJTrumpJr THATS WHY I LOVE TRUMP
Please explain UR miracle "plan" 2 prevent hostages being kidnapped on the other side of the world? #KeepinItRealPhilly
https://goo.gl/t3Oiae 

Check out my latest app: 
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/tongue-twister-free!/id1164775638?mt=8 …
well get ready to deal with it cuz I bet they're still captive when you win! VOTE @GovGaryJohnson, there more than 2 partys
for sure D J Trump... your the winner and the men of the situation!!! #DTrumpWin
so what r u going to do? invade them? riiiiiiight.
it absolutely will happen if you are President.  But we don't have to worry, cause your gonna lose to a girl. #loser
Oh, how exactly would you stop this. Playing God again? You make it sound like the entire world will be safe if u are Pres.
Turkey pushing for ww3 right now.
OF COURSE IT DOESN'T! IRAN AND RUSSIA ARE ALLIES YOU HOT AIR BALLOON.
sure. Send some cargo planes full of cash.
Hines VA Hospital Lets Veteran Corpses To Rot, Liquefy For Months
But aren't they 'losers' because they got caught? You like people who dont get caught,right?#theorangedoofus
because you will be dropping nuclear bombs like it's hot....
#DonTheCon
Is this really a hostage situation or is a profiteering scheme? #hostages #Dejavous
150 billion dollars worked the last time.
That is right.. You tell'em Donithen! You will be tough like you were with the president of Mexico.    XD
how do you plan to do that
That's right it won't!!! If u were president, they'd take even more people and ask for more money! #sad #weak
when not if
can you swap places with them? Just a thought...
it's not suppose to happen period;(
like you give a shit what happens to a couple of muslim-americans.  You sure don't care about the Khan's.
@DonaldJTrumpJr This is why the US stance on hostages was not to pay or negotiate,  because doing so encourages repeats...
THEY WILL SEND ANOTHER AIRPLANE FULL OF MONEY, WONDER WHAT IT'S REALLY ABOUT, NOT THE PRISONERS.
Time to start mowing these bastards down. Trump for President
how will you stop that from happening?
clear the swamp and #MAGA.
How? Are you going to stop Americans from leaving tug e country also now? How can you stop ppl from being abducted?
*happens while he's president*

"It's rigged"
The rent a trolls are busy today. Must be frustrating that nobody's caring or reading their tweets.
Twitter's Political Robots Are Mostly Pro-Trump
don't forget to vote on November 28th!
Bull. It's president not king of the world. You are not a god, you only pretend to be one in your own mind. No honor in you
how do you plan to stop this?
I'm ashamed to be an American for the mere fact that you ACTUALLY have Supporters. Are we this fucking blind.
The Libs heads are exploding or all these PAID Hillary trolls wouldn't be turning out rabid packs. Go Trump!
I sure hope you are our next president we need a good man
Coming from the guy who said he loves making deals.... whatever.
#This is Obama/ Hillary created & dangerous 4 innocent citizens.
you only how to talk. You can't even explain one answer to a question which you were asked. #dumptrump
defiantly you will be president of USA and after that you will have to very strict and serious against terrorism n Pakistan
Exactly how? HOW? LIAR!!
U just invited some one to do it #Crazy Donald!!!!
Sure it does.
@ckensingtn 
I'm sure there are things they don't like!
only government jobs added in last 8-12yrs and double nat'l debt and deminished middle class.
another instance of a pay to play scenario

you couldn't find Iran on a map
@HillaryClinton
you're a joke
This is bad really bad!
Sir Its like it dont even bother Obummer or Hillary monkey business as usual steal cheat lie killif they have2WeHave2Stopem
and we are asking for money back from our vets in Ca
so what will you do big man?
thank God you are not the president and you will never be a President because of your temper and racism.junk
hostages will be released the day Donald Trump is voted president guaranteed
Why not?
retweet this everyone we can't let HC in she is even campaigning against senate races now so they control everything.
Tax returns coward.
It won't happen because you will never be #President
Mr Trump I hope you see the photo my husband & I put out today from the mountains of AZ wespelled out TRUMP on the mountain
why do u keep saying it a rigged election it only going to make your supporter say home because they will believe it rigged
luckily we don't have to worry about u being in white house
cannot negotiate with terrorists
But I'm sure Michelle will agree with her husband to give money to Iran. So people can bow down and worship her.
where are getting your bogus reports? How R U gonna  stop anything like this? R u escorting every1 around. Not afraid of u

It will not happen. Iranian Government is the same as Somalian Pirates. No difference. #Vote Trump2016 and MAGA
How about Mook saying RUSSIANS stole emails?! Uh-huh, like a video caused Benghazi massacre...MAGA!
Unbelievable
yes, here we go .you are definitely right on point . Stay on message,
oh right! Because your a miracle worker! Haha-jjoke
you can't stop it either
I appreciate you President Trump.
Donald sit down and shut up.
@DonaldJTrumpJr Vote on Nov.28th.
The fools in Washington will pay the ransom. We need Trump to correct this dismal operation
@PrepperSilver it was ordered by Obama himself to get othe BIL$ fr American people!He's playing double agent!He's Muslim
You have no control over this type of situation and to suggest you do is irresponsible or naive.
no, you'd start S nuclear war!!!
