
I love it!!! We need Trumpzilla to save our country!! #MAGA
Save it from what?
Bing, bing, bing!  I believe we have a winner!
everybody wins the pseudo racial politics games
What u got against Jews and Mexicans
they forced him to resign bc he invited you. Moron

This is Donald with the daughter he wanted to date.   Sick sick sick
is it wrong of a father to agree with the COUNTRY that his daughter is gorgeous??
Many friends with BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTERS, NEVER has any1 said anything like this
they weren't seen fondling them fantasizing about banging them
I stand corrected.  I now know, there is no direct evidence DT dated Ivanka.
Just as there is no proof that DT is not releasing his taxes because of...
Jajaja q gracioso a ese guey nadie lo respeta en México no lo queremos
https://twitter.com/cafedotcom/status/773916217862160384 …
That's too bad. Was he the guy who was gonna pay for your wall? Or were you swinging that deal with someone else?
because of you!!!
The worm has turned #backtracking #trumplovesmexico
suck up
,
 And that is sinjor Trump, or simply
Gospodin
Hollywoodkc27LIVE's podcast: TRUMP ISNT THE BAD ONE THE MEDIA IS JUST AGAINST HIM
And this has to be your responsibility for going to Mexico with your BS.
he was fired for bringing garbage into mexico
how do you know that? Oh yes you can read their body language there too.
HE MUST BE A CROOK IF YOU LIKE HIM.
Luis Videgaray is back to México's Goverment, now as External Relationships Minister.
you don't even know his name do you?
You know nothing.
How can you say that when you said that his resignation was evidence of your trip's success?  Keep notes to yourself, buddy

@us08142015 @realDonaldTrump
at least she admits mistakes. The Donald doesn't & won't apologize 4 this deplorable thing
This is way worse wouldn't you say
and gone
Wow. People in the comments are really triggered...
.@realDonaldTrump he was pushed out for letting you in. Your lie-filled visit was a disaster for you and for Mexican leadership.
What lies? Point to them. Cite them.
uh... how about that they didn't discuss who would pay for the border wall?
this guy is absolutely piece of  and was the worst for the economy of the country. He gave us economic recession .
@cbsnews Fired since he arranged @realDonaldTrump to meet Mexican President,after which Trump lied for politicalhttp://www.cnn.com/2016/08/30/politics/donald-trump-enrique-pea-nieto-mexico/ …!
you are not fooling anybody trump
All because of your visit.  That's how terrible you really are.  A cancer in US politics.
where are your tax returns?
who gives a shit about his taxes. Where are Hillary's 30,000+ deleted emails??
his taxes will show if he is charitable or is he buying the veterans vote. It will also show if he is a tax cheat.
same with her deleted emails. It will show all her lies. Can we each agree that both don't look good. Emails/taxes.  agree?
and all thanks to you.  he did not die. but you did go to Mexico on his invitation.  it's like you clubbed a baby seal
Mexico HATES you.
vete a la mierda
the NEW alternate slogan ..MADE IN THE USA ..Made in the USA ......Made in the USA ...Made in the USA ...Made in the USA
@maxfreixenet no creo  ven de nuevo para que sigan saliendo ratas del gobierno
eres un ladron corrupto.  Hillary para Presidente! #ImWithHer
By the way there are NO negotiations  on the wall . In case you didn't  comprehend,  Mexico is not paying for the  wall.
but then again Pres Nieto isn't highly respected so....
probably discussed right after that whole wall thing right?
Luis and Pena Nieto both are known to be dishonest, corrupt politicians, please be wise and stay away from endorse them
Anyone affiliated with u is corrupt.  When is Melania having her press conference on her immigration status. U promised
so first you say Mexicans aren't our friend, now you are trying to say good stuff about Mexico? #hypocrite

brilliant? Have you seen Mexican economy lately?
don't lick the balls from people  you don't like
He has you to thanks the people of Mexico ran him out for his bright idea to invite you to visit they hate you
u do man
you should go on wwe wrestling u would reach so many people of all races
.@realDonaldTrump but @JoseAMeadeK ain't exactly chopped liver!
apparently you got him fired. Which, as we all know, means diplomatic success.  #nevertrump
Lauer got under her skin... She was pissed .. She won't hack a debate...she's done
SHOW US YOUR  TAXES ....   TRUMP IS A LOSER
The Mexicans din't like Nieto, fool. You know NOTHING about them.
...how much did you pay Videgaray to get him to sucker Peña into inviting you??  I imagine it was a lot you snake.
no he wasn't and resigning was the least he could do after planning your disastrous visit to Mexico... #PoliticalFail
your fault! Mexico is aware of your hatred & rants against Hispanics Peña Nieto blew it! He didn't want you wanted Hillary.
because of you! Release your taxes coward!
Yeah cause he asked  you to come never expecting that you would and embarrassed Nieto - I would have fired him too
he was dumb for inviting you and he should lose his job. #cantstandtrump
He lost his job for inviting you. Just another little person mowed down by your greed and ego.

delusional. Your meeting with the mexican president was a disaster and shows your lack of judgment and ability
@maxfreixenet
You talk nothing but a load o shite
Because he invited an embarrassment that is you!
hahahahahahaaha!!!!! YOU are the reason he's resigned! You know that, right?
Eres una mierda (you're shit), ve y chinga a tu madre (Go fuck your whore mother) pinchi guero caga leche
Trump can't recognize a 'wonderful man'.  Trump is a RAPIST http://mg.co.za/article/2016-09-08-allegations-of-rape-have-resurfaced-against-donald-trump-yet-again …
there's no flatulece
You praise Mexico's resigned finance minister yet two days ago claimed credit for his ouster. What gives?
Bless your heart.....You DO remember that you got PUNKED by President Pena Nieto....
he was fired because he pushed for the meeting with Nieto which blew up in Nieto's face because Mexicans hate you so...
thank God you won't be elected, Mexico will cancel our treaty of you are.#caliandytexas gone
/jajaja mr. Trump.Do you know what has he done to mexican economy?
It amazes me that someone as big mouthed and a liar like you could say such things....pfff...
Lost their finance minister, thanks to you!  Good job!  FAIL!!
#jackass  #I'mNOTwithYou
Mr Trump you love MEXICO an Russia so much... DEPORT YOURSELF


Do not understand why compare it with Hitler, he had a brain! Trump you are just a nit angry and dissatisfied with life.
then why did you get him fired??  Is there nothing you won't lie about? #dumptrump
@O_IrishT 
The Mex. Government thought you 2 got too chummy. Knowing your history of finances, they were not taking any chances.
@life_ontherocks too funny !
one less bell to answer.
If you have nothing to fear, show the American people your tax returns.
all because of you. Happy?
What the hell are you talking about? You said his resignation was a "success" for you the other night.

Just a slight point of detail here. You don't know jack sh*t.
#ManyPeopleAreSaying you prefer little girls to little boys.
I love all the ppl triggered in the replies are female. XD
How does it feel to have lost that man his job?  How about you hiring him since he seemed to like you enough to risk job.
Push vote republican, you will need any help you can get when your president
you crushed him...
@Lrihendry ummmm, didn't Drumpf just tell Matt Lauer this was because of his visit?
fuck you and Peñanieto
I believe that's called your first diplomatic failure #NEVERtrump
You were bragging about his departure Wed. night!  Who wrote this for you?  Where is Aleppo?  #YoureGonnaLose
If Nieto was a strong leader like you are, he wouldn't have fired the minster, he would have stood up to the outcry.
Hypocrit donny chump
Mexico did not "LOSE" him.  The man got fired because he helped you go there and make their President look bad.  Sad.
We agree we love the Mexican people! 
All Americans support the wal. #MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
@realDonaldTrump
That's how much they hate you creep. The man invited you and he was reviled for it.
RACISTA es tú amigo @LVidegaray  ? #México
Look how good my foreign affairs are, I made a man step down for the sole reason being that he invited me to their country
You realize that no one respects Peña, right?  Are you that clueless?
// highly respected??? Hahaha
Trump's foreign policy, show up piss off everyone to the point they fire someone then talk about how great he is!
He was fired for inviting you to Mexico. You are that toxic. Show us your tax returns. They will show your yuge net worth.
@AllWolvesMatter @barbiesewandsew
Trump is an ignorant , narcissistic , petulant bully.
Mexican Prez fired him 4 bringing you to Mexico in first place.  Hosting you was an embarrassment and waste of time 4 him!
U biggest Hypocrite I know. Last night U were bragging about having him fired as supposed "proof" of ur success in Mexico 
sucking up to the Mexicans with empathy now?
You mean the guy who was fired over your visit?  You ruin everything.   BTW, it's obvious this is not Trump, but a staffer.
He would have kept his job if someone brought your helicopter down. Shame on Mexico! They had the chance to save the world.
He was fired for inviting you. Their President is hated. You made things worse, just like you'll do to America. Quit now.
Mexico is a drug cartel shithole, and lets not pretend otherwise
how do you explain then that nobody in Mexico respects you including the president?
and only respected by loosers like you and @epn
The same "brilliant" guy you bragged about getting fired after your trip?
HILLARY FOR PRESIDENT !!!
No Men. He is white collar delinquent as you
@AlfredoJalifeR_
They lost him because he invited you to Mexico. Mexican people didn't like that. I wonder why.
you are a fool
who was run out of office for asking you to come - you know that's not good for you
Yeah, you should definitely apologize to him for making him lose his job.  Sad!
@DonVi7o necesitamos muchas visitas de Trump para que renuncien varios politicos en México
#AVoteForTrumpIsAVoteForPutin
all because of you! Already ruining shit and disrupting other countries. I doubt you'll be invited to many places
I bet u r offering a job somewhere. I just hope he gets paid.
They removed a potential yes man from your pool. Without people to kiss your ass, you are dead in the water.
can you blame them? they found out about your "communication" with him #TwoFaceTrump #DoubleDonald
@AmericanMex067 Donal Trump, this is really how bad your Trip was !! you lie and lie, that you believe your lies!!
Bless him.
What the fuck do you know about Mexico? I bet Speedy Gonzalez cartoons are you cultural background about Latinos.
S,I,D
Praying for their families.
RIGHT, YES!
Keep your nose out of Mexico's politics - you barely have a handle on American politics. And where are your tax returns?!?!
Really? Please tell us what U know besides taco bowls? We love UR global beauty pageant cred Did Nieto win talent? #.goy
job killer

"When Trump becomes president, he's going to rock the planet"

-Mexican American Billionare Dan Pena 

…
You are #UnAmerican
