Where are your tax returns?
as long as you profit personally from your business you aren't separate from it
You are champion
Too late! Stick to fooling the mindless who follow you. The rest of us (The Resistance) know FOR A FACT that you ARE IN DEEP TROUBLE! Your eventual takedown will be an absolute pleasure to witness!
Being a porn star is not a crime or immoral although I'm not even sure Melania was a porn star. Lay off Melania!!! Trump= pathetic treasonous hateful liar YES

It's called Conflict of interest BIG TIME and Pay for Play. And you fools were worried about Hillary CLINTON? WAIT!JustWait
But Ivanks sat in on a phone conversation w/head ofTurkey and praised one ofTurkey'sCompanies thatTrump does businessWith
Well that was Fake News there, Trumpy. @realDonaldTrump
sucks
Still waiting for those tax returns you promised. You deserve to be in jail.
Hmmm, how that going for you? Still involved in your business and making money off of your resort's by weekly golf outings.
LOL
@BeverlyS48  anyone can write anything. Doesn't mean it's true.
watched weather channel, Albany, GA needs help from US Government.
crafted!?! Speak English!!!
You're going to leave them with your  kids and ask us to trust you. Why wouldn't we trust you? You are bigly honest.
BTW being the president isn't "a task" get a grip
IF I SEE A GIANT TRUMP VODKA SIGN ON THE WHITE HOUSE........
So racist! Look at this pic!
You are all about integrity with a brilliant mind & heart of gold! Thank you for saving our freedom! #HesMyPresident  #MAGA
good business decision.
like I would believe anything one of your lawyers drew up.
sure they are. Dont believe it at all
A half assed attempt to separate yourself is worse than doing nothing, do this right (because than we will feel conned)
I think this is a smoke screen WE WILL KNOW after the pipe line since YOU STAND TO MAKE TONS OF CASH! We shall see!
So you're divesting your kids too?
will you focus more time on 6am tweets? Asking for a friend.
this is what a liberal look like
funny it looks more like Trump when he gets his feelings hurt
you should go find a job
Troll
If the legal documents put it in a blind trust, leftists will be on suicide watch for nothing to whine about.
When ur family divests all holdings we'll believe. Otherwise go blow smoke up someone else's ass.
What about your prior FCPA violations?
you're such a sad little troll
Handing shit over to creepy children is a HUGE conflict of interest. Hopefully this will eventually land you in prison!
what part of it is ignorant?
oh so now, we're not allowed to criticize Trump?  I thought we had freedom in ?
he wasn't! Majority of voters,voted for Hillary Clinton. He just won electoral votes
lies,lies,lies.
Vested interest= conflict
O still waiting Denouncement of racial attacks
https://www.splcenter.org/20161129/ten-days-after-harassment-and-intimidation-aftermath-election …
don't be fooled. https://thinkprogress.org/trumps-plan-to-no-longer-participate-in-his-company-s-business-operations-is-a-sham-dd25e89a1913#.i14uqe72x …
they're being "crafted," not drafted. That's because - trickery. Sell it. Blind trust. Nothing less.
Making America great, safe, prosperous again dam straight !!!!!!!!
GRAB THEM BY THE PUSSY!
Just remember it's not a reality show
please Mr. President.  No to Mitt Romney. Wolf in sheep's clothing.
Still not a blind trust when the demon spawn are running Trump Corp.
you know your kids need to be out of the presidency too right? Plus I don't believe you. Plus you tweeted it.
You should be in jail. #unfit #fascistpig
Today in Non-News

@realDonaldTrump  removes himself from operations of his businesses

His kids, on the other hand

His base goes wild!  
This is not a "blind trust", merely slight of hand, in order to make it appear he is doing the right thing.
Need to take yourself out of ownership.
AMEN TO THAT @realDonaldTrump @ironetc2
Please tweet breaking news for next 8 years and make MSM completely irrelevant.
Music to a dictator's ears.
what?? so by directly connecting with the people he is a dictator? holy shit thats stupid....
1. @mikeinb4 @SamCrowley @realDonaldTrump Read the 1st amendment. He is interfering w/media info & opinions - violation of freedom of press.
#MAGA
who wrote this tweet? Wasn't you. Your command of the English language isn't this formal
December 15, Posturing for electoral college. Shoulda done this Nov. 9. W/out tax returns meaningless.
Screw the tax returns-He was a private citizen. Why don't you share your tax return with millions of people
cause we're not trying to run the free world?
For the first time you will see a President put AMERICA FIRST-our people go hungry while..
First time? Trump better than all other presidents?
Yes...he is the only one who came into office as a skilled businessman not a politician
And proceeded to "drain the swamp" to fill it with the most toxic of waste.
There's no truth to your statement. Cite 1 specific case and why that person isn't worthy
If your children run it, it's not a blind trust! *facepalm*
Should his children's careers be ended because he is Pres?  Can't be more conflicted than the CGI and SOS!
.@jstinson22 .@therattlesnail .@realDonaldTrump Right. I don't recall ANY Other Pres. Required 2 Take a Vow of Poverty
President Trump is a master negotiator & he will put AMERICANS-AMERICA FIRST. YOU benefit from his talents
please put All Sharpen in jail for tax evasion
congratulations today. With u all the way.
you're a crook you know you're not divested from your businesses and you know you going to rake in tons of money from POTUS
God bless you and your family!
the crooked media is attacking you to avoid being held accountable for their support of democrat criminal & corruption.
More important than tweeting?
You think that being president is a task. After this siege is over anyone living in any Trump property will face scrutiny like they could never have imagined. Me and like minded individuals will set out on a campaign to ruin you and those useless quasi male sons of yours.
.@realDonaldTrump this shouldn't even be a question.
You are doing fine!  Thank you for visiting Andrew Jackson.
oh, I thought this was posted today. I see you haven't done it yet. Lies
@livegreenordie LIAR !!
you liar
Donny, you are a total fraud. I RESIST YOU!
YOU know that is not true.  You've escaped the rule of LAW all your life.  At 72 you decided to walk the right path with IMMORAL ACTIONS?
this is insufficient. Only divestment will solve the mess. #notmypresident #Putinspuppet #TheResistance #ReleaseYourTaxes
Lies
.Still 'being crafted' over a year later, amiright #MoFu ?
Probly being crafted by your current crack legal team, amiright ?
Could explain a lot, amiright ?
have you been to your daily intelligence briefing today?
is it a blind trust, or are your kids running the show?
his kids should be running the show, who else would you want your self made business given to?
Your business conflicts of interests will be scrutinized regardless of claims you make.
Jeffery, don't you think he has the best attorneys money can buy to manage this for him? He wants to focus
WAKE UP!!! This man is brilliant and you need to pay attention; you may even learn something.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2016/12/01/bernie-sanders-carrier-just-showed-corporations-how-to-beat-donald-trump/?tid=sm_tw&utm_term=.d9a009049065 …
What are you going to do to protect LGBTQ penguins?
You have trained the kids well to run your businesses. I'm sure if they run into a problem they will pick up the phone(^_~)
You mean like the Pay For Play between the Clinton Foundation and the SOS?
As long as they make the decisions his kids are entitled to seek advice from their father < nice try though.:)
Wrong. Any involvement whatsoever is corruption.
If he ate a dish of ice cream, you would find fault.  Nothing he could/would do will change closed minds. The end.
I'm interested in his finances, not his food. His finances must be transparent for him to lead.
Would you DEMAND the same standard of Hillary and her Clinton Foundation?
She had concrete plans to completely separate herself from the foundation, whihch were announce months ago.
another big lie
lies
America needs a successful Presidency All that would have constantly been thrown at you Good decision 
Mr President Elect
"Atta, boy."
Remember when Obama said: "I am the President. Elections have consequences"?? WE are READY to make America GREAT AGAIN!
You just noticed that, you twit?
The presidency is a task?

You need to return to middle school and brush up on your basic language arts skills.
DON'T FORGET TO DO THE SAME FOR YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS, YOU DON'T WANT THE 'OPTICS' OF NEPOTISM DO YOU?
Once a back stabber, always a back stabber= Mitt Romney.
You might as well not bother. You won't be president for long, if you even make it to inauguration day. #notmypresident
NOT GOOD ENOUGH!! SHOW THE AMERICA YOUR TAX RETURNS AND SELL YOUR BUSINESSES OR BLIND TRUST NO FAMILY!
So U R selling your businesses? That's the ONLY way to truly divest & ensure no conflict of interest. #notmypresident
Show us that document. We have the right to know your interests as POTUS are NOT those of your businesses.
I'm sure you have experience with those documents. You've gone bankrupt so many times before already.
liar!

I am extremely proud of you. I know that you will lead our great country to even better places.
Are you going to buy the Newsweek mag featuring, "Madam President"?
using the word "hence" might convince your Nazi supporters this is sufficient but intelligent Americans know.
you can't fool any half wit. Disclose all of them first.  Then we will know if you've fully divested.
I'm sure you'll find a work around.
The king has spoken... #MAGA. 
your kids too?
LOL! Right! As if this is EVER going to happen!
you speak like you are doing something special. Get over yourself. It is the law. No choice. Not special
Thank You Mr. President!
Trump has the power to create evidence for Russia.  Tillman/Trump/Putin need that oil deal. Mob ties
so far this is the best move you've made. I'm no fan and your cabinet concerns me but this step gives me hope.
Who will be VP if you have to bow out because you cannot resolve your #conflictsofinterest?
when do you do anything legal 100%
then prove it and act like a president and someone who cares about the people #AllThePeople
thank you sir for your dedication to our country God Bless You !
then get off twitter and start doing it.
Then put your money and holding in a "BLIND TRUST" not just your children's hands.
uh...ya think??? #trumpsplaining
@WeWillWinWinWin Glad to hear you and your children will divest completely.
which is why you shouldn't be doing the important task
Hence? Which of you stooges wrote hence? Sounds like an elitist.
selling????
I'll believe that when you actually release your tax returns.  LIAR!
you're not my president, never will be!!
#picsoritdidnthappen
excellent.
you'll still have ties to the company which will forever make it a conflict of interest #dumptrump #ethicsmatter #maga
I would say drafted.. crafted sounds crafty, though, in line with a con man's legal team.
No, it's not! Your deals are first priority! The country can run itself! Maybe the first time ever that you were wrong!
Does this mean your GREATEST WATER ON EARTH is will now just be plain ol' water???
So awesome - great decisions!
yeah, like you are going to drop multi-billion dollar deals for $400k job.
What is your real reason, führer?
Getting out of operations not enough!  Sell your businesses or don't take office!
one step in medical costs reform should be caping the percentage markup on drugs pharmaceutical companies make.
thank you :)
...@realDonaldTrump .....to stay in the administration, they too must divest and put theirs into a blind trust.This is easy
Unless you're divesting it's all BS. If it's not a blind trust you're shady AF.
Thank you for making things clear so no one can accuse you of wrong doing. These liars will try anyway! @Gianluca_1970
we gave you the most electoral votes.... but no love for Texas!!!    Sad
standing rock???
get a good #constitutionallawyer and preseve our rights!
looks like your publicity stunt backfired. Now you actually have do something real.
I know presidency is more important...      I wonder though what will you do with your business operations now?
Really? How Interesting. 

https://youtu.be/WRK03q76GKU 
The most important job in the entire country is a "task"! 
Trump lives in a world of short memories & hyperboles!
Sad!
Anyone believe he will not have a say so I. His company is ignorant!
are you going to donate all the profits from Trump hotels used by foreign diplomats
Thank you for giving so much up and putting up with stress and grief to help our country. We appreciate it and pray for you
is not fooling anybody. Will retain interest in his companies, use office of president to advance personal wealth.
Blah Blah Bullshit
true
like you care.,,
ya think?
As long as your children run the business you remain corrupt. #cronycapitalism
liar liar pants on fire

ya think?
Looking and hoping your administration does indeed,
Make America Great again..
Gods speed and good luck!
giving it to your kids isnt good enough! PUT IT IN A BLIND TRUST NOW!
Are your children now informing you to appoint heads of IRS, justice dept & other groups that will benefit your businesses?
IF THAT WERE SO Y PUT IT IN A BLIND TRUST not give it 2 ur children as if they're an appropriate firewall btwn 2 & company
Right Sir. But be with India.
What's the status on this? 12/15 never and Ivanka already claimed First Lady's Office..need to GET OUT OF PERSONAL BIZ!
next UN secretary wll be maleha ladhi. are you agreed with me
I know you don't like it.. But Trump Ads on most Bldgs should be removed. "terrorist target magnets" especially overseas.
duh
Bet ur children will benefit from your presidency
Alicia Machado
TRUMP you must divest ALL your businesses and wealth or you are in conflict to make decision! Example STANDING ROCK
Can you then take yourself completely out of the presidential operations. American lives are far more important to risk!
.@realDonaldTrump you need to be taken out of any financial relationship too and you know it. Blind trust. Divest now. #divestdonald
Exclusive: Area man does something legal for a change
so... Your not required to do what's right, yet you want kudos for doing it??? Most call it being an adult but whatever
THANK YOU FOR WHAT YOU DO FOR OUR COUNTRY AND ITS PEOPLE! #MAGA @DanScavino
Sill want to see your taxes fool
lmao estupido
Divest or it's bull.
it is, indeed. Good luck, as you do what sounds quite complicated, in order to embark on sailing this ship of state onward.
Say no to a Drmpf kleptocracy! #NotMyPresident
still so trashy...
I was thinking of the legacy that Mr. Andrew Carnegie left behind. He is one of the greatest philanthropist in US history.
, you are using the presidency as a tool for personal gain. Even the basket of deplorables know this.

