@jknoxville A draft-dodger wants support from veterans? Nah.
his number was never selected. You can't dodge a draft you were not drafted in.
His number was never selected because he was medically disqualified.
and his number was still entered in the draft despite that, and still wasn't selected.
He still made certain that he was medically DQ'd just incase though, but insults John McCain for being a POW.
it didn't disqualify him from being drafted, his number was never called.
http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/article/2015/jul/21/was-trump-draft-dodger/ …
@PolitiFact he would never of been nominated if he dodged the draft. I've had this argument many a time.

get a good look this how the Donald ie coward and chief would run YOUR military people women obviously don't count
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!

Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
#Corrupt #Hillary #Clinton SELLS out #America for money http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/05/13/devastating-timeline-reveals-the-transfer-of-half-of-u-s-uranium-output-to-russia-as-hillary-clintons-foundation-bags-145-million/ …
#Trump #CNN #NBC
racist

Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
You looked like a red faced fool. Your lying will catch up to you.
#Poll at @USAelection
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
You did the country a great service tonight. After your performance I'm sure many minds were made up tonight.
No2DT
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
thank you Mr Trump! You were wonderful. My father Captain Heywood Jablomi was also proud!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
young, minority vets, and i were sitting in the overflow room laughing at you.
o know you was in the overflow room. GTFOH.
It was YUGE, FANTASTIC, GREAT AGAIN, MOST BESTEST EVER!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
you were a disaster
Hillary carried by her media, needs an earpiece to feed her answers. She's a dangerous warmonger
Why was Hillary wearing an earpiece? Is she going to be allowed to wear them to the debates too? Trump was great.
stupid Russian bot. You didn't even watch it. He had earpiece as well derp
WRONG
#ManyPeopleAreSaying trump supporters are mouth breather .
I just love you
you to dear
hillary Clinton a lines her self with a porn star #billsinheaven
Many people say you are uninformed and unqualified. That's all probably true. Sad.
George Washington wasn't a politician either.  Founder of our nation, in case you didn't know.
Nor was Grant: one of worst Presidents. DT may not be pol, but he's pathological liar, ignorant, incompetent, & total fraud.
Mr. President are you aware Hillary was being fed answers tonight via an earpiece? Her memory is a disaster!
proof?
https://twitter.com/JayL973/status/773741642851479552 … Also, try #Hillarysearpiece
@JayL973 @kanova you mean like this?
show his other ear.
He has no need for one. His memory is fine. Its Hillary's health that has been slipping.
So why's he wearing one in that picture?!? 
You are the most unqualified person to ever run for president. @realDonaldTrump
I do not think that Veterans should be taxed so vigorously on overtime pay.
I never thought I'd live to see the day a candidate for POTUS would speak approvingly of a Russian despot. Congrats, Trump!

trump is careless by his nature you think he gives a shit bout anyone's life
...tax returns? #hashtag
poor people don't have to pay taxes, Corky
right.  Working people and businesses pay them.  Socialism is great till you run out of money
My candidate is not a socialist, sooooo.... #hashtag
hillary is a progressive, same thing, pretty much.
1- Not exactly, and 2- Who said Hillary was my candidate? #hashtag
close enough.  Good, vote Trump.  We know what we will get with Clinton.  More of the same.  It ain't workin!
Umm. No. Definitely not voting for Trump. #hashtag
I worked 80 hours to try and get ahead for the holidays. Taxed almost ,$800! I vote tax free overtime for veterans
No, they weren't.


Get Her Own Her Failed Policies and lies that killed.  https://youtu.be/p8ROxJnF2cM 
.            Our next Potus yes!!!!!!!
U good predist
Putin thanks u for his high praise. Our generals, president don't for your high scorn. I was there. Young vets laughed at u
Hey @realDonaldTrump you should thank us for being brave enough to do what a coward like you wouldnt - wear a uniform & serve our country.
So if you were born into a real estate family you'd still would've gone to the military? Be honest
yeah, it's called a sense of duty. Your response implies only the poor have a duty to this country. On the contrary.
Maybe his sense of duty is to be President. You can serve your country in many ways.
that's always the argument of trump apologists, rather than discuss him, deflect to Hillary. It's hilariously predictable
I'm just bringing her up cause you have your head so far up her ass you don't see what she's don. That's hilarious
mad your head is clearly up Trumps asd
That is why U are a second rate actor. if you really think he did a good job U R delusional.
Okay Conservatives,Trump insulted "generals" (real patriots)Are you offended or you going to stick heads in the sand again?
Its was targeted 2 Obama/HRC morons Tying Gen's hands Bomb the shit out of them R u ppl nuts They want 2 KILL us
.@realDonaldTrump you just spent a night insulting our veterans while Hillary Clinton laid out real solutions. You know, like a President?
your opinion
you support the liar are you that gullible trump lied his ass off everyday for a year
you honestly believe Trump tells the truth? Hope your not raising Kids
with many more vets to come with http://Don.com  doctrine. We go to war if you flip the bird.
And remember, I, Donald Trump bigly received a Purple Heart, in action vs a US Gold Star Mom.
I need to talk to you about Cruz Beck and the rest of the Rnc we will ever vote for them again we hate what they stand for
they need to grow up shows people what kind of leaders they would be for this country.Grow up boys you will never lead USA
@FoxNews  @realDonaldTrump Obama's fired most of the generals so they r beholding to her.
Excellent job sir.
release your tax returns
on which planet did you take your poll?
so funny Killary Clinton is very busy tweeting as different ppl working OT
Devious Donnie at it again with his highly questionabe and suspect charitable contributions
General ignorance, fearful worldview, inexplicable hair - this manchild-in-chief may just be what the USA deserves.
Yes. as usual CNN pretty much focused on the strong opinions of Trump and lightly touch on the fact that Hillary lied :(

You're gonna ruin our country - just quit, for all our sakes
where are you reading such bullshit? Taxes returns Don the con?
Clinton Solid Lead in Polls Rasmussen Poll Clinton leads by 6pts & USC Poll Clinton Leads by 5pts
Your base will stand with you. You made a total fool of yourself & proved what a liar you are. Can't wait for the debates!
Hillary cheated and used hidden earpiece.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYyytQcOZi0 …
really? Most people were offended by ur thoughts on women and sexual assault.  You blamed the women!!
you did great last night although you were treated very unfairly from Matt Lauer, he's got to go, #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
u were terrible. U didn't answer 1 question, u have 0 substance n r unfit to b #POTUS. Ur gonna Lose cuz ur a #clown
US VETS SEE YOU AS OUR LEADER AND YOUR MORALS ARE INLINE WITH OURS! WE WANT THE RIGHT EQUIPTMENT AND ARMOUR
We love Trump  #TrumpPence16 #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst #Woman4Trump #MAGA   
we love you brother!
Very great speach Trump. Corrupt lying Hillary never get it, after down in polls today she is programed to be a man voice
https://youtu.be/PpXU-xM5CuY 
can we make sure our military votes get counted accurately PLEASE  Mr. Trump?
Question is - what kind of bankruptcy will he cause the US to go thru with risks he will take as our president? (2)
You are pissing the generals off with your comments about them. They have a tougher job than you have or will ever have.
Trump is successful because he knows how to surround himself with good people and how to motivate and lead them.
What r u looking at ??
The power/respect that Generals have currently is no where near what they had in previous years. Give them back the power!
Did Matt give you a lollypop?
almost? Tell us about the bad ones
Almost everyone?? What does that even mean? Dillusional
that's as close as you will ever get to commander in chief. Thank goodness
Your disrespect for the military is appalling and unprecedented. Why should they let you lead them? @realDonaldTrump https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/feb/29/donald-trump-disrespect-military-veterans-appalling-unprecedented …
I'd rather have a teddy bear be the president over you

proved he's clueless when it comes to National Defense & foreign-affairs, a constant pathological liar & mentally unfit.
Back months ago in Tennessee here is camp tweeted me to go vote for her I voted for you have confidence in you
Good job Mr Trump!  You took the night easily and Hillary floundered!
Every poll has Trump winning the #NBCNewsForum even the very fishy @NBCNews Poll where Trump wins 51-49%
job well done sir
I'm one of the majority of veterans who think you're a disaster and an embarrassment
or the sexual harassment case you LOST to @jillharth
Newsflash,  your wife  & kids don't count as polls. #NeverTrump
you are delusional.
You have less former Cs-in-Chief than Hillary supporting you.  How bout thanking McCain again? Oh, right. He was captured.
I am a veteran & U are not 4 Veterans they will eventually find out the truth about U, Show your taxes, what are U hinding
Polls sucked, and you looked every bit as clueless as you are, Bankruptcy Boy.
@Dems4Trump2016  Looks like the UK agrees with TRUMP http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/09/07/taking-page-from-trump-uk-building-big-new-wall-to-stop-illegal-immigrants.html …
in what universe are your reviews fantastic?
Mr Trump. Stay on topic. Show you're presidential and soon you will be OUR president. Plz: make America GREAT again
said NOTHING to lobbed questions-repeating "Make America Great" & how many generals u have?? Slamming our generals??
@Rambobiggs Sam Lombardo, age 97, will be in Pensacola to see you. Look for us in VIP section.
@scottienhughes @jackkingston How about we get the Saudi's Oil, I heard it is also 2nd finest Oil!
I will continue to thank veterans I pass on the street; would discussed suicide rate drop if you promoted the same?
You didn't answer one question #DumpTrump
Really help the veterans via http://moniquenieves.com 
But not active duty generals and female military personal who have been, or potentially can be, assaulted.
Seriously? You made a fool of yourself. You're a very unfunny joke.
what happened to you disliking the generals u washedupdickhole
@TeamTrump
Matt Lauer asked Trump about lies during debates, Trump justified it because it allowed him to win the primary
where do you come up with this stuff?
What is her name, Hillary or Hitlery
disparage US Generals, give verbal love to #Putin, advocate war crimes, no plan whatsoever for ISIS. #loser #fraud
#Winning #vote #Trump
fraud
send him back to Scottland or hell where ever he came from .... nasty immigrant ... we don't want Scottish guy rulling us
Face it - YOU CHOKED - just like you'll choke in the upcoming debates!!! Your non-answers will not win. Secret ISIS plan? 
Preening? H lost 4 u w/effort. Her lies r "worse" but u seem arrogantly oblivious 2 how ignorant u sound. Flashcards, SRSLY
on rush he said. Doctors. Do think that some wrong. With crooked Hillary it would. Dis qualify her. Check on it
How to win:  Promise to finally tell the truth about flying saucers if elected. Once you're briefed on them.
You were Great! I would like to see you be more specific. I think that would bring in more of the undecideds your way.LOVEU
you realize that you are delusional, right?
THE HARDEST QUESTION WAS NEVER ANSWERED! Why do we leave our Vets homeless but give homes to the Syrian Refugees?
you looked like you were going to stroke out....now I really can't wait for you to go down in flames at the debates looser
Russia was a necessary ally to win WWII when asked about Putin
And then you bashed them and their leaders last night. #DumpTrump
You are such an uninformed candidate! Last night proved it.
yes the fantastic veterans!!  Not those losers who get captured or the shitty generals we have now!!  #trump2016
Lies http://www.politicususa.com/2016/09/07/trump-bombs-delivers-historically-terrible-performance-commander-chief-forum.html …
Terrible job obvious you know nothing.
aap usa ka rockstar hai mai aap sai milna chata hu aapke leye mai fasting rakhta hu aap presdint bane9570763712
it's upsetting me what the democratic party is doing. The commercials to focus on bashing you is a MAJOR WASTE of $
except for literally everybody. Unfit and anti-american
I would say HRC needs to release the 30,000 emails AND THOSE SPEECHES!!!!!!!
I've never seen anyone take seriously a character that should be in my 7th grade Lunch Period
Profound words today, Mr. Trump! Yes, we do owe every vet! #quotesparks #VeteransLivesMatter
... Why are u so wicked and why are giving the world a big headace
You did great Mr Trump.
@girl4Trump I drive all over MD and have seen hundreds of Trump signs.  Not a single HRC sign to be found.
based on your air kisses to Putin can you confirm that at least the CIA reviewed your tax returns before security clearance
Peter Pan needs to stop telling u stories only u can hear.
How about thanking them for their service
in your own mind
racist? The new thing we say when we disagree?  Hillary is a felon.  12 years in marines she would go to jail in the servic
you're an idiot- you made a total fool of yourself as usual
Can't wait for the secret plan to end terrorism! How many lives could have been saved if we had turned to Trump sooner?!
u were not impressive, just showed ur shallowness
please take a look at the western Indians they suffering and yet our government is giving billions to illegals. Why?????
didn't respect the Vet's didn't standing Clinton did
 Trump UNFIT to be President
