You're mental. The only person interrupting Pence is Kaine.
stand your ground trump!! That dingbat Hillary is trying to ruin you!!
But Fox News is Trump News, innit?
Why did you say women should be punished for having an abortion Donald? #VPdebate
he didn't, he said women should be punished 4 breaking law, if there was law against
What's the difference??????
are you serious? There is a huge difference. He wants to uphold laws
Yes, laws that allow #welfarefortherich and the objectivity of women.
I said the same thing!
MODERATOR,MEDIA  ALL RIGGED AND BIASED.
Don't worry Don we all know! ;)  GO PENCE!
Kaine is almost as scary as Hillary. Vote Trump Lets Make America Great Again
How sad it is. Pence can't defend your lies.
#imwithher
how about how often u interrupted Hillary?
I cannot believe the captains at the bottom of the screen
go Mr. Trump and thank you
Disrespecting your opponent by avoiding his name is disrespectful Mr...who are you again?
Hillary wages endless war for profit, look what she did to Iraq, Libya, Syria, Egypt, Honduras! A NIGHTMARE
Religious Freedom Act==Discrimination Legalized By Gov Pence.

SAVE AMERICA VOTE HILLARY
@realDonaldTrump @AnyoneTennis @timkaine @FoxNews they were talking about late term abortions. Who wants to keep that in the hands of one person? It always gets spun around, so it seems.
HILLARY SET UP URANIUM DEALS FOR RUSSIA FOR MONEY, URANIUM U KNOW IT MAKE NUCLEAR WPONS
I thinks she being fair
Why not have SHAUN Hannity a moderator?
You are a great speaker and you should not focus on anyone except the PEOPLE! Don't be baited and respond to negativity!
I was just complaint about that on Facebook.
i thought the moderator was very fair...you are freakin paranoid
PLEASE seize on this during your next debate. Even if Wallace is quite fair, mention that it's about time someone was.
True
KAINE sling sling sling,, Pence policy policy policy
@paulbenedict7 @AnyoneTennis @timkaine @FoxNews Bin Laden was killed in 2011. Since then ISIS has spread to 33 countries!!
BOO WHO  - you are such a crybaby when you're losing!  #DumpTrump
sooo true!
there ya go again, whining!
I respected Kaine until I heard his views and how he twisted the truth, this guy is sad!
lol pence doesn't interrupt bc he can't defend you!!
#Pence doesn't have enough time to list Clinton's scandals and illegal activity #MAGA
lol keep telling yourself that. Trump has a tower full of scandals. He's the real crook
idiot
RU KIDDING ME W/THIS EFFING BS! It's ok 4 u 2 do it incessantly, but a mod does it a few times & u piss a fit?! FU
par for the course 
Will take Trump over "experienced" politician who got us in this mess #VPDebate
me too!Trump is what the USA needs 2 make us the great power we once were!
Kaine supports child murder
My god.
@codythetweetman @realDonaldTrump @AnyoneTennis @timkaine @FoxNews
You are a whiny child
It's a free country, for now...I can whine and Bill can get away with rape #MAGA
Tim Kaine wins the rudest guy of the year award.
Rude and juvenile...cannot imagine him being president of USA...#Pence was classy!
the founding fathers made America because they did not want a theocracy (look it up)  if u want to make America great again
I'm so sorry that Donald is such a jerk.
I assumed you were because you tweeted Mike pence about how happy you were that he was defending unborn children. My mistake
Fox has been taken over by liberals   Maybe Lou Doubs can help
#whinylittlebitch
No....They only interrupt when it is you LOL. You never get fair tim.
Give me a break. If the moderator said nothing at all, that'd be just fine, right?
You talk they split screen with Hillary.  She talks gets more full screen. Non verbal communication during your talking bad
Actually on my TV Pence was able to speak more & longer than Kaine. PENCE FAILED DEFENDING


FLOTUS? I think not!!! Not my idea of a FLOTUS!
beauty better than BIll ha ha
as a conservative you don't have an issue with melania trump nude?
NOPE.. SHE IS A MODEL. BILL CLINTON HAS NO EXCUSE FOR LUDENESS!
lewdness in the modern sense means ignorance. BillClinton is not.
Bill Clinton is a rapist...that is beyond lewd
being an adulterer doesn't make a person a rapist. Fact check.
That's the point: he raped someone!
should file a defamation suite against the NYT TOMORROW MORNING. http://dennismichaellynch.com/next-trump-female-bombshell-video-released/ …
who's staying home 2prepare 4 debates now? It's finally sinking in that u might have 2 know what the hell ur talking about
yes the moderator was a real lightweight-must have been from some cable access station
everyone sees  this but the Democrats
who outnumber Trumpers.
After Obama has almost destroyed our military, how could you be with her? #Benghazi #goodmendied
He hasn't destroyed the military! What kind of nonsense is that?
Can we say you are all Dicks, and maybe he was making up for how many times you did Trump
If you had more than 2 followers it might matter...liberals would all be dead if not for patriotic republicans #dumbos
I am not looking for followers, I am looking that this piece of shit will not get voted in to the white house
@r1965rainey @AnyoneTennis @timkaine @FoxNews Oooo it must be rigged!! Everyone's out 2 get u Donald!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Yes, the establishment (which Trump financed) and Trump, did beat Cruz.
got so tired  of his interrupting decided to quit and walk my Charlie
funny but u didn't get tired when Donald interrupted? Or r u denying that.  It was the media bias or a bad mic or some other BS
why are you taking credit for Pence? Is your ego that YUGE? Everything good is because of you and everything bad is rigged?
Mike Pence. Climate denial. Really? Coal? Y not blame fracking? How can I be so much smarter than u and u want 2bpresident!
Homegrown Demagogue
We said the same thing she keeps interrupting Pence.  Not fair :(  @Pence great job
you can save $500 million in the first year, take the keys to air force 1 from Obama .
@andersoncooper Kaine & the moderator both interrupted Pence - they don't want to discuss issues just accusations-COOPER???
Oh Jesus, whine whine
Exactly TIM! Trump,we know who he is. H has been spinning for 30 years!
It's over Timmy!!
Your candidate is so low energy donald
.   #cannot believe how often you wine
Can't believe how many times you interrupted HC at your first debate...hypocrite
go get your pacifier cry baby
I blame the RNC for negotiating these one-sided debate moderators. Shameful!
Americans are not stupid we can see the bias every time Pence tried to answer a question
Total bias! Should be someone like Maria Bartiromo as moderator.
He didn't flinch one bitt.   YEA  YEA.
If you could only come up with a way to deport women. #amiright?(That was sarcasm, Donald)
Oh grow up
Have you watched your debate? You continually interrupted.  You're a joke. #dumptherump
Your the one that is running for President. Pence did great but, did not save you.

poor baby, it's rigged like your casinos
The fool says in his heart, "there is no God." Psalm 14:1
there is no God
Looking forward to your second meltdown on Sunday.
quit crying and sniffling! That's all you do suck it up buttercup
. I pray PEOPLE are seeing through it. Penn's peaceful, layed back, confident.
So wrong!!! I am watching on @C-SPAN. She lets them both speak. She interrupts equally.
I noticed too moderator interrupted Pence more than kaine
small chested BOOB
with politics, we need to pray for FL and the East coast, and do it now! You'll gain!
Pence a class act! Kaine however is a bully and looked very bad!
I think it's over you buddy!!! Adios. Maybe in 4 years Trump.
She was awful
it's all rigged, right
what about you? How many times did you interrupt ?
genius at losing millions
1 thing of this debate was just how much of a ass Kaine is. Good job mike.
CAN NOT BELIEVE YOU?!?!!! I LOOK FORWARD 2 THE NEXT DEBATE!!! DARE 2 INTERRUPT ASSHOLE!
Waawaawaa again, Donny????
moderator is horribly biased.
VERY U FAIR HOW THE MODERATOR IS INTERRUPTING MIKE BUT NOT THAT WUZZY GUY! So pissed off!
- no kidding! I noticed that too
this was one of the worst moderators in all the debates....
@mike_pence @FoxNews   Sick of biased debate Moderators. Leave the HRC sheep at home and have a REAL debate.
yes all @timkaine had 2 do was give @Elaine_Quijano the LOOK & she interrupts @mike_pence
I've invited my south of the border friends to do a salsa class. Ben made tamales.
kaene didn't care he wanted to garnish votes from  uniformed.he was judged on his rudeness
#Pence @FoxNews @Elaine_Quijano Moderator ALLOWED Kaine to interrupt Pence, uninterruptedly; she's grossly pro-Clinton!
why isn't anyone talking about Sylacauga

http://www.al.com/news/anniston-gadsden/index.ssf/2016/10/this_has_got_to_stop_mother_of.htmltalking … about Sylacauga
Hmm  Kaine and Howard Dean seperated at birth  kept waiting for the scream  @FoxNews
Is this excuse just like ur mic was broken? Enough w/ the lame excuses. #muzzlehimkellyann
Flip, flop, plop
Stop whining.
she got paid Mr. T by hillarys foundation money.
So true? Why, because you say so? You crack me up, dude
. Pence just said Trump is not a polished..........
"...JUST KIDDING!"
we said that very thing here
when Pence wants to answer, it's always 30 seconds, but Kaine all of the time he wants.
AGREED Trump!!!

will report shortly on the poisoning of Andre the Giant by the hands of @realDonaldTrump 

#AndreWasMurdered
typical liberal puke
the other guy name is Tim Kaine . You are never gonna change  so sad .
She never warns Kline about 30 seconds!
maybe because Pence won't #shutthefuckup
so far the interruptions by moderators and opposing candidate are very annoying
are you high?
,guys Pence shine debate, he expose where true is it,Moderator impartial,let Trump all way
When are you releasing your returns? Audit excuse is a LIE. Sad!

trump Pence was working for him self to run in 20/20 Pence throw you under the bus
@mike_pence   @FoxNews YOU REALLY CHOSE AN AWESOME VP
stop whining like a big baby!!
even more often than you interrupted Hillary! Deplorable!"
exactly pisses me off! He keeps degrading but yet blames trump for degrading
maybe if he answered the question asked
Pence gets interrupted cause he rambles on. Defending you is a full time job!
@ImwithHer2016
Your man is sinking
Kaine is getting his ass kicked! I love it!
typical trump, was it rigged? Stupid trump, losing big time and Pence just helped hillary!
I was thinking the same thing. It was like Kaine was running the show Pence kicked butt!!
#Kaine the #Interupter
Kaine claims Hillary goes to church?? Church of Satan? Lol
moderator doing a fine job!
@veganvecoh @AnyoneTennis @timkaine @FoxNews u know why Donald because they want to win win win at any cost
good lord she interrupted Pence so many times!!!!!!!!!!!!  Unbelievable
PENCE is the man!!!  YOU already made your first best decision as president by picking the BEST 2nd in command!!
Kaine won't let anyone talk.


Liberal Media 4 to 1.
Can't believe how often Timmy says "I can't believe how you can support Donald Trump."
the media is in Hillary's pocket.
The moderator sucked. She did Favor # Kainewreck and Pence still won.
That is because, just like you, he doesn't know when to shut up.
ping pong with liberal media once again!
very impressed with pence. He is thoughtful and very deliberate and mannerly with kaine
Someone please bring up the Clinton Body Count
Hell my wife said it looks like Kaine is trying to burn a hole in the moderator with his eyes staring

excuse Trump. Tell Eric great companies are built by people like me. A black woman
Of course Donald, when U get your Ass kicked it is rigged, microphone rigged,moderator ?
i agree!!
Tim is in trouble w God. Ted Cruz did the same thing. Glenn Beck wrecked his life w lies
I would love to slap the stupid off of Kaine's stupid looking face.
Just like they did you!
once again media bias and Maine was rude arrogant demagogue who thinks he is funny news flash Pence won
I noticed that. Kane got 2 trash trump & pence didn't get2 talk bt HC.she cut him off
Until tonight, I had no idea why the symbol of the Democrat Party is a jackass. #VPDebate
How often u interrup go chk ur debate Hypocrisy of DT world is mind boggling
he took a page out of your playbook. Interdrumpf
Mr Trump you have to work to win so do not answer or talk of what moderator do just win
Sunday's debate , Kaines demeanor is a picture of what HILLARY  Will do In the debate,
Hahahahahahahahaha. Since Trump is going delegate the POTUS to Pence, why should we care.
it was so obvious and a disgrace! I'm very offended!!
this is bullshit...so obvious & part of the corruption "hands down" that I want yo scream
The News Media  is being extremely unfair...It's total BS
can't believe how many times both candidates interrupted each other.
@oldyfan2012 @AnyoneTennis @timkaine @FoxNews Look at the polls Donald. If you stop taking the bait, America wins!
shut down
such a typical Trump statement!
