since the swamp wasn't drained & never will be, maybe you could build this great wall, this MIGHTY wall around the swamp?

#TrumpDiplomaticRookie
and you still lost
This isn't about ideology for me - Trump is the problem, he is a lunatic
do your own real research and quit being spoon Fed by those who lied to you!

dear haters listen to his speaches see his actions. .be happy theres hope for USA again! Dry your tears
yes 1st amendment threat, earth destroyed, Russia rules world-great American hero. #NOTMYPRESIDENT
eres un ejemplo ejemplo a seguir. Dios te guíe.
with knowing that America will be great again!  He was a very strong supporter of you! I'm going to caring on
his vision for you!  He was a veteran with TBI and PTSD! I want to fight for the vouchers for veterans!
God bless you both,  my son is smiling down for you both!  You have a angel watching over you both!
Women are traumatized because our president-elect is a sexual predators.
The very thought of Trump's existence is enough to put anyone off their food, at the very least.
we'll be watching
don't listen to the haters Mr. President!!!
Haters? How about maybe they should hold a press conference vs these carny shows that are about Trump's ego??
oh great. Another crybaby
oh great another blind loyalist asshat.
not an asshat. A good Christian Woman with a BRAIN
a brain?? Hahahahahahahahahaha.
your laugh just proved how unqualified you are along with the liberals and Democrats
I dont need to be qualified to be president. Duh. You really dont have critical thinking skills, do you?
thank ypu for all the hard work you do for us
There's nothing I would rather not do
come to DC...see the Ceremonial Guard!  Make America Great Again! #Inauguration2017
regards from Montevideo Uruguay
AIBEX INTL ORGANIZATION
VYING FOR FLORIDA!
how much THANKYOU CASH are you dropping off to your riggers in Iowa? bet ur plane is loaded down with CASH.
- still out there "thanking" only the states where you won? Still determined to be a divisive jackass?

President Trump will make this Country Great Again!! We will stand beside you sir! @Trumpisgreat
NOT_THE_PPLS_CHOICE-NOT_THE_PPLS_CHOICE-NOT_THE_PPLS_CHOICE-NOT_THE_PPLS_CHOICE- #notmypresident #StillWithHer #Resistance
how much money are these events costing us taxpayers?
Thank You @realDonaldTrump for saving us from Hillary.
Are you inviting Burnell?
how can you say you did not divided  this country . you did and I hope not forever. I am disgusted either you

@TIME why not? SMH You're in great company DONALD!
I can't I have to work and I'm  about 3 Hour drive from there. @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
OMG Trump will be sooo disappointed.
- he PM me to say he would pay for my day off
Hello!
no thank you...love you both
Same O Same O, I'm rich I'm great, bla, bla, bla
take your tongues out each other's ears & listen:AMERICA IS GREAT

Make America Great Again?  #MAGA  Again?  As in "as it was previously".
Make America Cry over SNL Again? MACOSNLA
I'm sorry, who's crying? #LiberalTears #liberalhypocrisy
Pence is, bc the theater folk were mean. Trump is, SNL were mean
sorry donald, i cant make it, got work in morning, could you send a private jet to pick me up at 4.30? cheers mucker
big pharma has congress by the balls...
Petition Started to Remove Anti-Trump Texas Elector Chris Suprun
Have to ask, if you don't see your shadow on Groundhog day, does that mean 6 more weeks of racism?

PM Modi Ji today beat all the world's great personalities and became Person of The Year and today I got his blessings too. @narendramodi  
no one cares
Modi Ji beat your present president Obama and also Donald Trump. Narendra Modi ji most popular man in World @realDonaldTrump
hes only popular cuz hes a isis lover
¡ʎɐʍɐ ǝɯ dǝǝʞ oʇ ʇsnظ ʎssnd ǝɥʇ ʎq ǝɯ qɐɹb oʇ ǝʌɐɥ ןן,noʎ
how pathetic do you have to be to throw a tantrum at the president elect?
You mean GROPER in Chief of the Divided States of America.
shh go back to your safe space
You're a fake Christian dear.
how am I a fake Christian?
Skinny Thing You Are Not Needed
Your Gonna Get Impeached Did Yo Forget Yo Slut Is A Foreigner , She's Banned To ! Ship Her Ass Back 
counting down the days till your sworn in. Can't wait till you make American great again. And congrats 
Noice
we'll see
in trumps own words believe me we all lost come back to reality my friend
awe do you need to cry in your safe room.... get over.  Mr Trump is who we the people want
ummm have you SEEN THE NUMBERS--YOU'RE NOT THE MAJORITY VOTE. #NOTMYPRESIDENT
If u actually believe those cooked #'s thn #Libtard is definitely a perfect fit
like your TRAITOR TRUMP NOW?? #MORALELECTORS
nice pics 
سيدالرئيس نطلب من سيادتك الدعم الوجستي للقضاء على الجماعات التكفيربه اخوكم من العراق املنا بيكم
thank you on behalf of our honored military♡♡
my husband is a vet and his care was worse under republicans.  He will not be good for vets
vets can now use regular hospitals not just The va among other immediate benefits
they already can do that it's called ChampVA. My husband did look at his speeches he really cared..
No thank you
dear Mr President Trump,  I can say one thing about my son who passed away suddenly Jan 1st,  he passed away
God bless you
one of the best pics I've seen 
This is a fake.
alex a costa is a community ill of bush.
GO TRUMP/PENCE!
Did you cut @VP's hands out of this picture because your insecure hands are too small?
By 'Person of the Year' Time magazine meant 'Sleazy Conman of the Year'.
Sleazy con man beats criminal cunt every time!  ROFL
HITLER DID A VICTORY TOUR
show me some NON FOX FACTS.
Why not go to states you didn't win? It would go a long way in starting the nation's healing process.
States stolen too. We went red, but I have only met 4 supporters in Columbus. 2-3 dozen statewide.
Nobody? He won the election. His rallies had more people than Clinton.
fraud!!
Adan666? Biblically speaking you are the fraud. Conservatives are so much nicer. Love  U
and so ignorant at the same time, I don't love you I feel sorry for you 
Baby killing, men having anal sex,  men in little girls bathrooms. Im the ignorant one?
you make no sense, what r u even talking about lol you homophobic close minded fool
You're the fool. Just look at the picture of yourself. You look like the pope. I mean poop.
You misspelled Stein
VOTER ID'S NOW!
let's START by removing YOURS.
Typical 'liberal' Fascist! I want every citizen to have a vote. You want to suppress my dissenting opinion
oh YEAH! The @TIME Person of the Year! You're in great company.
Devil!!
I can't wait to google 'first lady tits'
Also, not interested in getting a girlfriend at the moment. Focused on my academics at the moment.
Nah. I'm gonna spend my money on shit that's actually worth it.
WOW, this liberal just said  have no worth!! Yikees John, the bull dyke #Feminazis are gonna eat U alive 
you just can't sit back and get ready to do your job. The campaigning is over.....rallies should be too.
you need to bone up on how to actually run a country rather than wasting your time with nonsense like this
Why are you choosing the wrong ppl in your cabinet? Do you not care about our planet?
DJT you should take a vacation, you've earned it, you will be working very hard at the WH.
wait, when are you coming to California? Oakland dares you
GOD IS EXTRAVAGANT - not an extremist !!! ( GO TRUMP USA - save the day !!! SO THANKFUL FOR ALL YOU DO AND SAY!
#PleaseMakeTrumpStopTweeting
I know I don't have to say it but STAY FOCUSED! Don't let the Democratic naysayers stop u from doing something
Will you finally address persistent rumors that #trumprapeschildren? #MAGA #Douche
when are you coming to 31st.louis missouri again?

NO!
What's up? Your ego need another massage?
So happy to have you as our President. I feel at peace with you at the wheel.
Thank God the ilk against us is as lame as they ARE or the Republic would be lost!
Welcome to the Great Kakistocracy...
hope to be there stay strong
congratulations on your Time person off the year and they ask How did you win
Everyone is bugging you on Sec of state,how about BOLTON or HUTSMEN, spelled it wrong, Thanks

Doki Srbine!
Ah, the hate fest, ego stroking rallies continue.Just remember,Donald, 2.7+ million more ppl are #StillWithHer
My home state !!
You #WON the #ELECTION You can #STOP #CAMPAIGNING NOW YOU #STUPID #DOPE
Why not visit Gatlinburg, TN!! Let the people who've lost EVERYTHING, know you truly care about their suffering.
trumpy needs attention and constant validation


will you be speaking to your cyber bullying?????
Keep those deplorables whipped up and distracted from what you are doing to them. That's the ticket.
Rather have root canal.
please give me a job please
dufus & kkk, your vp played fools game because he's going to drop you fool & take over. NO HATRED allowed n USA
this stupid "thank u tour" is so pathetic! Who does that ?!?! Stop wasting taxpayers $$ to stroke ur  egos !
i will NEVER join you in anything!!
Feel free to come to Iowa, but we'll all be watching the Cyclones and Hawkeyes play basketball. #cyhawk
Yeah.  Weird timing for them to stop by.
It's his victory lap. Sigh
I guess victory laps never are at the same speed as the race.  :-)
@nytimes @washingtonpost time to boycott these staged circuses.
best choice for ambassadors would be U.S. spies cus you cant get anything past themon negotiations.  Lol
Rally on. Look for applause and forget to attend national intelligence briefings. The dumbing down of donald.
good luck with the new job
you look like a wrinkly orange apple

you two must have the Nazi handbook tattooed on your foreheads.because we can all see it
Looking for an opportunity for employment for your administration.  I hopefully you have something for me.
still campaigning?
Puke
Talk about an example of 2 bad eggs at once that defines you and Pence perfectly.
NAIZS GOP  ....
-Even the Nasdaq is coming around!! Thank You!!
"stupider" the irony is rich with the silly liberal
#MAGGOTS!
I know you are tired and happpy now from your achieve mygrandpha honey donal trump @mike_pence
lol...love how you look like you're stretching your tiny little thumb out there - as if you can make it bigger

another "white power" rally.
for more BS??
Stop parading around the country and get to work.  Oh, what am I saying.  This propaganda is your work;). #useless #notmypresident
No thanks Mr Tweet


Why would I want to watch two scumbags?
You two  Nancy boys should get a room .
Foolish leaders. Their foolish behavior becomes their nature
good job!
I dare you fascist pieces of shit to show your faces in Minneapolis
Watch out for that thumb, Mike. You don't know where it's been! Sad.
rebuild the plants Obama tore down
#泛亚 #Tiangong2 CCTV depth involved in the fanya. Request the government to attach importance to https://twitter.com/123456_1234568/status/791201973122965504/photo/1pic.twitter.com/e81Y0qECJ4 

I really hope when you get to the White House you will spend your days more productive than sitting on Twitter all day!!
I am just excited and blessed. I pray u fight all corruption not just in the white house but like company's too
BARF
Good Luck , Thanks
YOU DID THIS!!  YOU ARE NOT A MAN OF THE US PEOPLE!! #LIAR #CONMAN #tRUMPisKKK https://www.facebook.com/RBReich/posts/1393517483994177 …
Do what you all need to do, HE WILL BE OUR PRESIDENT! Time to work, time to live the dream, AGAIN!!!
no.
obummer is the ISIS leader!!
you can not spend our tax $ secret service going around country thanking folks.your spot light is fading
#LostThePopularVoteTour to Hillary continues... Please go hear his new lies!
build the wall; deport illegals, repatriate money,& lower taxes, repeal OC & common core.
Saying Thank you is nice but watch the Fed interest rate.4 years should be only 2%.Too soon and we collapse.
Stop this stupid hatred! Are you being paid to hate? Too obvious.
Go away. Both of you.
- taking the Nuremberg rally to a new generation, one city at a time.
I can't make it....root canal!  Should be more fun anyway
Mike Pence is the most out of touch, wrongheaded, vile human being in America. Get rid of him!

Your boy needs a dog!  Every boy needs a dog 
you are so disappointing. 30 years I admired you and then This is the real Donald Trump? Ughhh
Вы настолько доверчивы
you r a fraud.Why do you BRING immigrants IN to do work Americans can do? #putinpuppet http://www.mypalmbeachpost.com/news/business/trump-again-hires-foreign-workers-for-mar-a-lago-l/ntKHy/ …
Tiny Thumb, Tiny Brain, Massive Ego.
Continuing on your f----ck American tour?
hope Fox covers it!
How many lives are you going to ruin destroy & waste in 4 yrs? Union leaders, African Americans,Latinos etc...
Don't forget your promise of immigration. the whole family should be sent back the little learn from older
doing a victory lap on the ring road ?
West and East side stops ?
Keeping to the #Right all the way, natch, #DT
no one will be there, unless you bus them in. Go away!
#nope
Constitutional Amendment 25, Section 4
these asshole's costing 1 million to US tax payers and 1 million to NY taxpayers a day to stay at #TRUMPTOWER
Follow me if your deplorable!
