Great
congratulation sir
@MayorOfLA says he will fight you on illegals. Please stay strong and don't let this failed liberal have his way
I won't stop till you drop out , or if u get elected, resign
President Elect Trump @MayorOfLA called you a racist and many other names , this leftist is supporting protestors
we  don't  want  you  here  you  tel  someone  u  don't  let  me  live  my  relative  Mexico  state  Qo.
you will never stop drugs drugs r better than u
My right as an American means I have every RIGHT TO DO THIS!!!
Nø
TRUMP! 
Nø
TRUMP!
yes because you save them by getting rid of a protection in a bathroom  Logic
I have some ideas to help you with immigration they are real hard hitting strategies that the Pentegon liked.
.dont forget  that your wife was refuge. Lol
stupid stupid stupid stupid
You're a terrible person
Is illegal immigration New Hampshire's biggest concern?
Our national security is at risk- it should be everyone's concern!
"aliens" their not extraterrestrial beings.
be afraid!
Wow you added yourself to the Republican Party? I sure see cunt in your name!
very good mr. President Law and Order first
nothing quite like all the Mexicans we have up in New Hampshire, serious issue
I have only met me
you will lose
too bad he will lose
#SheWillWin
.@realDonaldTrump stop illegal immigration, stop drugs in New Hampshire, vote TRUMP

Got to build the wall but somehow close up exits from California. They will just come thru there
we all know that's a lie
cong just honor your promises
you've defied the odds, and earned it! Please do what you've promised and make US great again!
Let's talk about DRUGS!
Thanks to Mr. Trump America has never been more divided. Glad he has wasted $100M+ on his failed campaign. #VoteOrGrope
Thanks to Trump we can see just how corrupt the government is! No waste of money there just reality!
NO impending indictments or court dates for HRC. TRUMP goes to court for FRAUD/RACKETEERING and CHILD RAPE!  #FACTS
Her record speaks for itself! Her actions are worse than anything Trump has said or done! Rape not true!
Rape is true! Look it up!
If it were true, it would be all over the news and a major taking point- you're not major!
TAKING?it's TALKING, it's on the news.U have 2 know where 2 look.The major news stations?!?
you mean the Clinton News Network? Not worth my time! Biased!
Could you release your tax returns first?
irrelevant!
aliens...............
Who are you kidding, let's deport Milania. No keep her & get rid of Donald, the loser!
Don't ever step into my state again
how?
Enforcement of current immigration laws, wall, deportation of criminals.
do you know how many there are? Where they are? Good work!! Just hire a million more police officers then
We have ICE agents, border patrol, and help from local enforcement. Are you suggesting that we keep criminal non-citizens?
I'm stating that all Trumps promises are as bad and as impossible as his hair. The mans a joke. A bad joke. A dangerous joke.
He's not a career politician & may be untested, but not dangerous. Hillary is a corrupt criminal who has been tested & failed.
given that you've studied law. If she's a corrupt criminal (I assume you know this for a fact) why isn't she in prison ?
Yes, there is irrefutable evidence that she violated laws. It's simple...the gov't is biased & has no backbone to prosecute.
Какой Режим... Правления В Стране - Введете... Вы: военный или авторитарный?
Чтобы Исполнилось Желаемое... Вами - Во Имя... Спасения Жизни... Американцев:
Criminal aliens? I hope ET isnt included on that list...

what about chicago
talk talk talk. Rhetoric and slogans won't run a country. No idea.
@sheilamterry1 Lets Unite together NH to take back our country back from the corrupt & controlling government we have!
Don't come back.
it's not about America, we all are citizens of the world, but you just don't have mercy with those that need help

yes, we can save American lives when you lose BIGLY
deport illegals in Florida? The people will vote otherwise! We are the majority! Latinos get out the vote! Stand together!
#DeportUrWife#
@jefiorentino لسهز مخ
.first your wife!!!
Does this include all those in IT, service industry?...you really think your corporate masters will go without their bagel?
i want to know why it's ok for Hillary to campaign in a church, on Sunday, and you were told it wasn't allowed?! #notfair
THATS EXACTLY WHAT THE ENEMY WITHIN DOES NOT WANT-THEY WANT THE U.S TO BECOME A 3RD WORLD COUNTRY  http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-04/julian-assange-says-trump-wont-be-allowed-win-clinton-and-isis-are-funded-same-money …
good send back ur illegal and criminal mail order bride.  #whinylittlebitch
остановить наркотики ...в смысле.... только свои каналы распространения оставить ? @realDonaldTrump Или про последовательность не знаете ?
http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/05/politics/trump-2011-amnesty/index.html …
GOD BLESS DJT.  !!
Donald trump you are a winner  for new president of America's
#Jackass
God bless you Mr.Trump!!!
Oblahma campaigning for crooked speaks jive. What? He thinks we are stupid? Uneducated? Wwhhaatt?
WRONG ™
@Voix_Of_Reason God bless you!! Thank you for fighting to Make America Great Again!

Yeah, daddy, Donald! you will do it all

I'm from NH.  Clinton/Kaine Clinton/Kaine Clinton/Kaine Clinton/Kaine Clinton/Kaine Clinton/Kaine Clinton/Kaine.
@skyhookmike 
Not to mention, bring an end to the insane CORRUPTION!!!
DEPORT MELANIA IMMEDIATELY She is an illegal alien.
She knows cyberbullying kingpin is Donald Trump
NEW MASS MIGRATION AT BORDER NOT JUST MEXICANS & S AMERICANS BUT HAITIANS INDIANS THEY CROSS GIVEN COURT DATE RELEASED #WTF
BC THEY HEARD IF THEY MAKE IT B4 TUES & HILLARY WINS THEY CAN STAY & IF @RealDonaldTrump WINS THERE WILL BE NO WAY TO ENTER CAUSING INCREASE
good ideas Mr president
LIAR!
Uk we could do with a bit more of that over here
holy crap.....are you gonna walk on water too?
BY ALL MEANS!  LET'S START BY GOING AFTER THAT LYING WOMAN, WHO HAS BEEN HERE ILLEGALLY, MALANIA TR--- WAIT-- NEVER MIND.
what about native criminals? What r u gna do about them?
no, you wont.
Finally, someone with balls!
So when Canada legalizes cannabis, will you build a wall....please do...how about states, planning to wall them up...
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/11/05/trumps-wife-worked-illegally-during-her-first-weeks-in-us-documents-show.html … really
deport Melania, she is illegal.
By making sure women and gays don't have equal right! #NeverTrump
youve benefitted more from illegal immigration than anyone.  How do we get you deported?  #liardonald #whineylittlebitch #bigeareddumbass
start by saving your own life bitch #nevertrump
#Hillary2016 
#NeverDonaldJokeTrump
your wife came to America and worked as an illegal immigrant, marrying her doesn't justify it! You are a hypocrite
Thank You NH!!! Please vote major, amd help us elect Trump!  Thank you so much!  Love from Georgia!!!
#wrong
You and your family are to " Ghetto" for the White House.
No, you'll go back to your tower with Hillary's footprint on your enormous ass and pretend the election was rigged.
are we going to start with Melania she was working here illegally? Deport her & let her reapply legally @HillaryClinton
I guess you can start with deporting your own criminal alien wife then!
ur wife included?
"Stop the drugs"....if YOU'RE elected, we'll all NEED them!!!!
. Just found out Mexicans are getting lic. tags in a different name in va. And live here in nc.then voting in nc.and va.shar
Starting with Melania. #TerribleTrump #NeverTrump
.
#Clintonfuture = 1% GDP growth forever or until the country bankrupts, whichever comes first.
He has admitted to making foreign trade with other countries .  & threatens Democrats rite to vote !!!
Is the biggest lier I have ever seen & realDonaldTrump will bring the end of are way of life ! & make more foreign trade !!
you could start by the porting your illegal immigrant wife #hypocrite
wow u will ruin america! You will cause a other war and separate families! Wow u will truly screw america up! Justsaying!
Are you going to start with illegal alien @MELANIATRUMP?
won't you miss your wife since she worked illegal and could lose her citizenship?
#DumpTrump
#TrumpLies
#Rapist

#StrongerTogether
#VoteHillary
Thank you for posting this because that's going encourage Hispanic and Mexican vote for @HillaryClinton 
anyone who claims to have all the answers to all of societies ills has none.
you are going to do a lot of stuff aren't u. Please u are a joke
will u be deporting Melania since she worked illegally? Can u say "HYPOCRITE?"
Hmmm.
Do you remember the Contra hearing the 80th Reagan Olivier North It was design to hurt black but it back fire hurting white
@deplorablelori HE IS the only Candidate who won't disappoint you -Vote Trump 
A good place to start would be with your undocumented wife @MELANIATRUMP ?@realDonaldTrump
hm . Finde ich nichts schlechtes dran .
No you won't...
.@realDonaldTrump No, you won't.
@1carpediem2016 
A VOTE FOR TRUMP IS A VOTE FOR STABILITY!
how are you going to stop the drugs if USA is the biggest consumer in the world
start w you! Let's End Hate! Vote Blue
Five year old daughter is concerned that her friends will be deported.
Confirmed: Obama Smuggling In Up To 100,000 Refugees Per Year on UPS Planes!  http://investmentwatchblog.com/confirmed-obama-smuggling-in-up-to-100000-refugees-per-year-on-ups-planes/ …
OK N.H. lets live up to our motto, " LIVE FREE OR DIE "
Voet TRUMP.
and then  you woke and saw reality has more truth than lies.
Stop with your sarcasm Fox Hole Donnie. Geezuz.

Yes, Trump is a fascist. And now the FBI. But we can beat them because they're GODDAMNED MORON FASCISTS! 
#LionKing
New Hampshire is too smart to vote for scum
We all came from other countries; therefore are you going to deport yourself?  I hope so!!
You can start by deporting your wife, you hypocrite ...
good
The lie-beral media, specifically the NY Times, stated they would rig this election.

"That reporter and I have the same condition. When Mr. Trump made fun of him, that hurt my feelings." 
you haven't a clue
Should I tell Donald Melania was an illegal alien or should you?
the aliens heard you! Get to the choppa!!
You wanna end illegal immigration send your wife back and jail yourself because you're a criminal. Start there.
you will bring on the apocalypse!! #trumpsTiestoRussia #trumpTrainWreck #dumpthetrump #DonaldTrump
LegalizeCannabis. ItsMedicine!!!
YOU SENDING your 3rd wife OUT to come back and get in line since she worked here illegally? Will she repay money earned?
Platitiudes that will be followed by NO ACTION
So U are not deporting 11 million illegal immigrants any longer? Love it how you stick it 2 ur base & they don't even know
il faudra un suivi à ces objectifs; et une coopération des Amériques.
: Silly post by a racist bully.
R u deporting @MELANIATRUMP ?
loser
Wow.  Look at how small the crowd is.  I hear the size of the crowds are small like his tiny, but groping hands

stopping illegal immigration starts at home , so does charity , but not in your home!
Starting with your latest mail order bride, Bankruptcy Boy?
@Auburngirlx We need more jobs - not more illegals!
中国，China ，peace
The Saudis and Qatar preaches Wahhabism and created jihadists and ISIS, they are given weapons, Obama Clinton.
u will do nothing but selling us out for highest bidder.
TRUMP STILL STOMPS FOR THE WALL, DEPORTING ALL IMMIGRANTS AND HE WILL DESTROY DEMOCRACY. HE IS DOING IT NOW WITH HIS LIES
You couldn't fight your way out of a wet paper bag
Hey Trump you hire illegal immigrants and you buy and consume the drugs that are killing young people is your fault
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It is coming from Mexico and is a big problem. Trump will clamp down on it Big League.
