U working this weekend?
Oh please
You are out on vacation AGAIN
U either watch TV or on vacation
Read this and then resign.
24 hrs u failed as usual.
All weekend! No golf or church?
How'd this work out for ya Donnie? One guilty plea , two indictments, and many resignations and investigations. Sad.
You're nothing but a big, biggest ever, huge, tremendously major league, "biggly" Ah So So hole
Are you talking about the underage girls the Russian oligarch has brought over in his ship to work as escorts in Mar-A-Lago’s exclusive gentlemen’s club? You’ll be personally “inspecting” the merch?
It’s about fucking time.

Translation, playing golf.
Hahahahahahahahaha!!!! Still working on that Donnie?
Liar........
. lazy....Enjoy food from your kitchen with dozens of  unsanitary health violations for ...HAIR AND RUST in your nasty KITCHEN ....eeewwwe
Liar
No golf balls this weekend ?????? .... Oh getting ready for the big Russia trump meeting in Marlago ????? Make Russia keeping taking Americans for idiots ...
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great CROOKED, money-hungry men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA lose all credibility.
The people making America great again are the one's who will be IMPEACHING YOU! And then the one's LOCKING YOU UP! #GrifterPOTUS #LyingPOTUS #WorstPresidentEver
You had 280 characters to craft a sentence, yet you went with this one?
Given your history, this tweet inspires zero confidence.

you mean your replacement? good job they maybe they will come visit you and the whole fam in leavenworth
Too bad they all turned out to be crooks like you. Even your pretty little daughter!
We know-filling all the Judge vacancies with alt right Christian conservatives...
The land of liberty equality freedom for ALL people & separation church & state hate you for this-you will go down in history as destroying democracy
More lawyers huh?! @VP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SenTedCruz @marcorubio @GOP----How 'bout pizza @GenFlynn?Trump=#SexualPredatorTrump #peepeetape #TrumpCrimeFamily #PutinsPuppet #MoneyLaundering #ConspiracyAgainsttheUnitedStates #RoyMooreChildMolestor #Treason 

But your Russian buddy in his yacht is here for a visit. Or is he going to help you?
How'd that work out for you Donnie? @realDonaldTrump
are you talking about great golfers? because we know where you will be - as usual - the most golfing @potus ever . you fool no one Donny Johnny. #ticktock
Choosing them? @realDonaldTrump -it doesn’t seem as though ethical ppl are choosing to work with YOU.
Hi Donald!
We See your masters have moored their yacht at Mar-A-Lago.
Go to them.
#PutinPuppet
All of your employees at Mar-A-Lago are foreign workers.
All of Ivanka’s products made in foreign countries.
Your MAGA is as fake as your marriage and your presidency.
#ImpeachHisFatAss
Hope it goes well for you. Nice friendly Russian super yacht just berthed and ready for your next meeting. Pretty sure you can find a lot of men and women on board to make #MRGA Sorry #MAGA
Surprise us all and not picking child rapists, family, religious nutters. Thanks ginger.
No you won't.
So youre resigning?  Great. Thanks.
Go back overseas. We don't need you here
What?  You should have done that in January. February.
Are they Russians?

Ah, yes, like your legal eagle that hasn't tried a case and believes in ghosts…


These old tweets crack me up.
Stop using that phrase. You know what you’re doing!
That’s 4 men for every 1 woman. And almost all of them white folks. But all of them Vichy collaborators. All. Of. Them.
U drawing up ur resignation paper? THAT would make America great again!
You don't work. You grift and golf. You have caused a precipitous decline in America's reputation in the world. We have been replaced as the world's number one democracy. We are not even a democracy anymore. Peddle your lies elsewhere.
You know who brags about working all weekend?  People who don’t work.
While at it remember the names your accusers #SexualPredatorTrump.

Just resign. Now. Before you do anything more to screw up this once-great nation.
FORE


Must be raining or you'd be golfing
And what is Trump doing for hurricane victims? #PuertoRico #Houston #Florida #Resist #Resistance 

Nobody knows where Trump's leftover inauguration funds went, causing outrage and change in Washington
Working hard 
You must be hiring again at Mar-Fucking-Largo
Aunty, I love the way you put things :-)

This one didn't age well.
Don’t bother! We’ll have a new administration very soon! Happy Holidays! #MuellerIsComing
This tweet hasn’t aged well either.
@realDonaldTrump Hey, how’s this workin out for ya?
Who’s we? You and the idiots you’ve already picked? Or at least the ones that are left?
Well, where the hell r they & why is the country far worse than it was a year ago? Oh right, because there is an incompetent fool in charge.
As you’ve had to do nearly every weekend since? You have more employee turn over than a McDonalds run by a meth head with violent tendencies.
Mueller is up in your shit. Kushner is probably next to be indicted. Then you.
Lol. You don’t work on weekends, liar. 

You pick the worst people. No one of any intelligence or stature would ever work for you.
Forget where you left your golf clubs, huh?
Liar
And your choices have been epic failures. Crooks, liars, billionaire cronies, Russian operatives....
Is that what you’re calling golfing now “working”. SAD!
#Sad
Don't you mean "great men and the occasional woman I think is attractive"?

Of your 46 US Attorney picks, one is a woman. ONE. Women are 50.8% of the US population.
That hasn't worked out very well...so many incompetents and fools. BIG turnover!
What? No golf on the weekend? What happened? Long flight back from Asia wore you?
Wore you out
IT'S BECAUSE YOU'LL BE JOINING YOUR "RUSSIAN FRIENDS" WHO JUST DOCKED THEIR BIG ASS YACHT RIGHT BY MAR-A-LAGO CRIMINAL. I CAN'T WAIT FOR MUELLER TO LOCK YOU UP! #SexualPredatorTRUMP #RussiaCONSPIRACY #MoneyLAUNDERING #CRIMESagainstAMERICA
Name a current one that actually knows what they’re doing? It’s the story of your admin. #fail
Well, then you better get rid of your family, everybody that is there now, oh, and yourself. Then we can start repairing the damage you've done.
Hanging with the Russians.

Hey Dotard,

How's that working out?

Or are you counting on Roy Moore to #MAGA?

Some say Robert Mueller will #MAGA. 

Just sayin
A year later...didnt quite work out. All you've done is build a golf course in the swamp.
He hasn’t worked since he’s been in office
Please don’t.
#LiarInChief
Trump is treason.
Trump is rape.
Trump is fraud.
better yet spend some time with your counselors , Your in deep trouble and your denials arent flying any more , You can only Con people for so long then they catch on and the Cons over , Your going to prison , Your familys going to prison , All for your Greed , CONS OVER,,
Please defect.
Interesting how ONLY the manbaby accusers are lying.

Russian mobsters docked their big-ass boat near Mar-a-Lago about 5 hours ago. I wonder if that's why Trump hasn't tweeted in a long-ass time. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/931685146415255552 …
Amen, brother!!  I'll be so glad when Mueller Civil Asset Forfeiture proceedings against this no good sorry excuse of a family. Ready for some freezing and seizing of Trump Org assets, dammit Mueller!
We can let Puerto Ricans displaced by Maria live there. #irony
Excellent idea! Good, solid plan. Now, how to get Mueller & @FBI moving on this 
Thannnnk youIknow we areonnn the pthe to creating an Child Porn Technology!!! I. Feel. You will do this
prayo
@Airbone21 please kindly follow me back thanks
Natasha and Boris perhaps?
Hang in... continue doing your thing!  It's refreshing!  You said "door is open to meet".  Does that mean a lowly deacon in the Church?
Hang in... continue doing your thing!  It's refreshing!  You said "door is open to meet".  Does that mean a lowly deacon in the Church?
My guess is no.  Are you still finding him refreshing?
WWJD?
Snowflake
Seriously.
Amen! I'm behind you Mr Trump!
Tweeted in Dec 2016?
PRESIDENT ELECT TRUMP,YOU SAY YOU WANT TO HELP THE VETERANS,YOU NEED TO HIRE SCOTT DAVIS HERE IN ATLANTA GA. READ THE AJC!
when did we STOP being great?
Perhaps you really mean #MAWA.  Keep an eye on your buddy in Montana.
That is exactly why #MAGA irritates me so much, thanks for the affirmation that I’m not alone.
Po
Please keep.tw(tweeting) Pres Trump it is truly a great way to bypass a very LOPsided media.Ur winning spirit is necessary!
#Resist
so proud keep up the good work pres elect TRUMP!!
no need for that  you coward  america has all ways been great before you have  ever lived
@EarlVanBest 
WHEN YOU FINISH THIS BIG JOB, WORK ON MAKING A LAW TO PROTECT OUR POLICE OFFICER,INCREASE THE PENALTY.
THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY IS KILLING US IN FLORIDA!!!!! RATES OF OVER 6K A YEAR IF THERER ARE 2 ACCIDENTS IN ON HOUSEHOLD HELP
@Catheri96792731 YOU ARE PERFECT!  PEOTUS!   Rest, enjoy a little!   We want you; enjoy your holidays w the first family.
very proud you are so dedicated!!
Let me guess-you're getting them out of the 1950's?
YOU ARE CHOOSING ALL THE WRONG PEOPLE!!!!! More like "MAKE AMERICA CORRUPT AGAIN!"
more bigots?
In case someone forgot to tell you the presidency is a 24/7 job every day of the year.
loving my president elect Trump we have your back
pls look at USAR LTC  @AllenWest  4 a position because he has integrity, which is something US has been missing! God bless
please keep your premises making peace not interfere or bullying other friendly countries. And i will always support you.
hope   you   are   going   to   do good   things
, please create a  kibbutz program to help Veterans who are transitioning out of the Military, Using old Military Bases.
, There is U.S. Veteran in Arizona Named Cory, Who used to work at MANA House in Phoenix please make him over VA hospital
Stop tweeting, rallying. Get to work, then. Hunker down and concentrate. Show us you have an attention span.
#Trumpgret
this is lit Mr Trump!!
YOU ARE LITERALLY MAKING EVERYTHING WORSE
@realmojesse5372 Thank you Mr President but please be careful. Lots of liberal sore losers that want you eliminated. Please
love IT !!!
The only requirement: They must be white
Please rethink Gov. Mary Fallin. With respect Sir, she is everything
this movement is against. A self serving crook. Check
Pres.-ElectTrump. I was just curious as to why you selected Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education over other candidates?
your being watched do the right thing
just stop talking go ahead make your actions!
Donald you have much to live up to. We know you can do it!  Make America great again
so white nationalists???? Good choices
Would prefer you pay your taxes and go home. DON THE DEATH
pics or it didn't happen

Something tells me you'll make America Great for Corporate Interest and their economic power above all others...
you've got to consider seriously John Bolton for SecState! Bring him to the Trump Towers and hear him out! Highly qualified
and how many women exactly?
one woman. That you're sending out of the country.
America is great already. Want evidence? We let you breathe.
/ Trump tell Ryan to stop the flow of REFUGEES.
Stop saying that, America was great and you will destroy it.
please please please NO Romney!!!
See what I mean, still campaigning. We get it. Make America White and Rich Again, got it. Resign now, b4 you screw America
I was taxed $330 for Obamacare and sent you $330 to get rid of Obamacare and to MAGA!
Trump is ugly inside and out, and I think just about everybody knows it's true
I voted for you...couldn't vote for Romney 2012, not right for your team, I feel it in my gut,cut him loose...
NOT ROMNEY!!!!!  From a real Trump supporter
don't choose Romney...

We will have to wait for that to BE SEEN!!!
Governor Romney is a very successful person.  He would be an excellent choice for Secretary of State.
don't trust Scott Pruitt. He's a manipulating career politician. Get him out!
Remember this TRUMP MUST TRIUMPH
....just do what is right.I trust you that was the reason I tweeted that no man born of a woman can take it 4rm U
....remember your faithful followers first....!  No to Cruz and No Mitt.....then Stop Common Core..!
whatever you please do not hire unfaithfut Mitt Romney , he is a Hillary supporter
