Comey will go to jail for what he did.
Dint get your hopes up, people have already decided on Hillary.? No FBI investigation will change that.
@CarmineZozzora Yesterday is behind us. Nothing is bigger than tomorrow...and the tomorrow after that.
Something has to be bigger than yesterday or yesterday was nothing. The reopening of the investigation must lead to DQ
You will lose big Trumpy. #shutupdonny #hurryupandlose
have you read any of @HillaryClinton emails? Nope. Ignorance in this country is wild. You sir are #fraud and #conartist
I thought I smelled something foul.
@15tsingleton smoke pot d00d
All your lies?
https://www.facebook.com/Vox/videos/592157674305172/ …
I can think of many things....
Why, what happened yesterday?  Another #KKK endorsement?

You understand none of these emails were to or from HRC? As usual, you take a bit of info and lie and twist it into something to benefit you
You are such a fool. What happened yesterday? Nothing. Your supporters are stupid enough to believe everything you say. You know it's a lie.

I have watched this on a loop 10 times and it's still hilarious @realDonaldTrump
Check out the other one on this twitter thread,  it's even funnier!
Why are u still hiding yr taxes
listen up !!!!!!

Do not let your mouth give them a.sound byte to distract the news.

Stick to the script!!!!   Obama care
Colorado has it right! Using taxes & revenue from Legalizing marijuana to states benefits.rebuilding everything there!
Go Trump Go!
You don't stand a chance in Colorado.Should be in Fl..dip-shit..
battleground is killing you.who is not running  campaign?
listen pervez rasheed has been sacked, congrats 
. Headed to the airport and flying to Colorado 
HIGH ENERGY TO THE FINISH LINE!!!!
did you actually read the letter from the fbi director? A whole bag of nothing.
we r scared the latest emails will get u closer to the president.God help us. U have no morals
stay  on message  Obama care
Do not drink the "Hillary Kool-Aid" America! Vote Donald Trump! Vote the man -not the party
Your ego.
Or when more women described incidents of sexual harassment and groping?
Even God wants Donald Trump to win US Prez Polls. That's why FBI Bomb on Clinton at right time (before its too late).
IF it is a BOMB ... REMEMBER , Comey still doing the investigating !!! I don't TRUST him !!!
10 days left until America shows the GOP what a huge mistake they've made. #TrumpCountdown
Your Mama is going to jail ! So go cry a River with Ted Cruz!
Yes MR.PRESIDENT  November 8 !!!  That's the BIGGEST.
Failing @realDonaldTrump should be defeated in the primaries. Very sad!
he's not failing he's going above and beyond!
and I owe student loans also.
Ding Dong the Witch is GOING DOWN!
Get out of the way of that freight train, Donny. Keep your big mouth shut and let it run her over.
Hehe the way things are going, you never know!
keep fighting the fight . We can do this!
We have finally found a candidate with the guts to call out #CrookedHillary and the falling Washington establishment!
What's it like having no shame?
Hillary having no shame similar & directly related to Hillary having no soul.
yes over the top!! At least republican candidate isn't up once again for jail time.. #MAGA
you sound a little angry, you need to find Jesus
Second of all, I'll find Jesus when you prove to me Jesus exists.
that's sad for u. I'll pray for you.
No need to pray 4 me. I have a great life! I'll pray 4 u though, supporting Trump.
everyone needs prayer.  Who do u pray to if you are a nonbeliever, so sad
Just know there going to throw everything at you,ignore it &stay on message that's a win 4 you We need you as prez
I'll be voting Hillary. I disliked you 18 months ago, and I really dislike you alot more now. Admitted sexual predator!
In support of Big Government, she should not expect favoritism asking FBI to expedite an inquiry; inconsistent with the way BG plods along!
Homegrown Demagogue
Trump supporters injured by violent DNC operatives need to join in a class-action lawsuit against both Hillary & Obama.
That was funny...

trump a serial liar trying to take advantage before investigation is over. He has no morals
pants on fire
trump base uneducated whites. Is it u?

with any luck nothing for you ever will!
No real man would vote for Hillary. You must have low testosterone. Go get a T shot
why, real men prefer a rapist? You're silly.
Sort of fixated on the testosterone thing, no? little buddy. #shutupdonny #hurryupandlose
probably compensating for something.
But the real mystery... is it it small @weiner or small @nuts #shutupdonny #hurryupandlose
Trump after the Comey letter.
yeah,... vote for TRUMP!

lmao . Standing behind someone under fbi investigation.  Killary dont like blacks ask @danney_williams
Your Grand Wizard is an unregistered sex offender. How can you possibly support that?
Weiner is nothing but a desperate, randy middle aged man w/ no respect or regards2 his estranged wife& family
I've had my fair share of desperate, middle aged men (1 OAP too!) trying luck, bt consequences r so SERIOUS!
glad to know there's men like you still left! 

stop trump. The man will lie about everything.trying to take advantage of latest before waiting for investigation results
Sorry but no one can top Hillary on lies. Remember there is still Jill and Gary.
we don't care! Lol. Still you will the biggest loser of them all.
.@FBI REPORTS"don't know if there is'ANYTHING'significant for @HillaryClinton in Material"11daysWTF  @runswithwaves
Congratulations President Donald J Trump! 
You now will, "Make America Great Again! 
Hilary needs to concede now!
Your going to lose! Colorado people are smarter than you!
going to run from the stage again?
hey! We are in Florida and we LOVE your attitude. Politicians are criminals!!! We voted for you.
keep up the good work
I'm guessing because they are false claims. Would be the only reason why.
I don't think he admitted to raping anyone
won't win that state either.
you should be at Florida. That state control by Bush family and did cheat on counting vote and make Gore lost.
Immigration # 1 Let them fill appl. to get in line for residence and when PRESIDENT handle app. to imm. Dept see imm. # 2
its lit
Except your brain
jayf
#DrainTheSwamp 
RT & SHARE
#WearRed4TrumpElectionDay
2C #TrumpPence16 VOTER 
TELL EVERYDODY 
B4 VOTE PHOTOS/VIDEOS SAVE
you are the real dump, you don't express any unity. Your suragrets has to clean up everything you dump. Narcisse.
Keep it up Mr. Trump we need you in the White House
Your loss will be bigger than your ego.
Yes sir.  You got this.  You're bigger than ever!!!!!
his hands aren't that big

Spending a lot of time in Colorado now we know why. It's time to get high, high, high.
I know 1 thing ,, WINNING!!
So when Hillary wins November 8th, we will receive acceptance and not screams of "rigged"?
guess depends on the differential Other elections candidates disputed results That's why there are recounts :)
If you are referring to Gore he went along with a mandatory recount and accepted results. Trump says voting itself is rigged.
He has a way with words :)

We all DO!
Can't wait to call you President Trump!! <3
.@HilaryClinton had no right to destroy evidence that was involved in an investigation
Ben Carson has been praying for a revelation about HRC. Prayer answered!! Wake up, voters!!
Stay on message. DC corruption/drain the swamp, bring back jobs/prosperity, lower taxes, smart trade, repeal/replace O-Care
May I be of service on your transition team?
Maybe Hillary Should Drop Out Of The Race, her Spotlight Is Sending Friends To Prison.
it just keeps getting better for our true American Donald!!  He hides no emails!
-are u 50 pounds overweight? Don't you think at 70, for health reasons, u should be much slimmer?...and for looks, too?
oh just wait. Keep promising a real investigation of @HillaryClinton email & @ClintonFdn and you will win!
WRONG
Unless you release your income taxes! #Waiting
Nothing will be bigger than you grabbing women by their generals. #IAMWITHHER
Wish I could be there-it is only a mile from me, but I have to work.  You have my vote!
No, @realDonaldTrump with all due respect, November 8th could be not JUST AS BIG, but EVEN BIGGER! #DRAINTHESWAMP #Trump16
except your dick! #MAGA

@@
what do you have on Comey Mr Trump?
still not voting for you!!!! #nevertrump
at the Phoenix Convention Center waiting for your rally heee!!!!! #MAGA
god bless you
you never know
2 alerts from Fox about FBI yesterday 1st alert from CNN about supreme Court transgender case. We know who they favor
The FBI already knows what they got. They have read enough..How else would they know how many emails they are dealing with?
Does anyone else think this is Comey trying to say, "well, there isn't anything new. I was right the first time guys!"
The only true way to persevere evidence is to seize any & all devices that would have any part of an investigation
have we ever seen a first lady naked
Yesterday you said tomorrow. Just do it. DO IT. Make your dreams come true!
you go Mr Trump..
He also raped a 13 y/o and his trial is in Dec.  His fraud trial is Nov.  He has 2 INDICTMENTS & 2 trials.
keep nice and you & your vice will win!
Why? Who's pussy did you grab yesterday?
my opinion.u r not a fortune teller.  Must
Be in on this
The MEDIA is flipping yesterday's news into a FBI blunder and all America is watching. Hillary Clinton will be POTUS Nov 8.
Well done Trump https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/10/29/trump-supporter-charged-with-voting-twice-in-iowa/?postshare=2251477752772988&tid=ss_tw …
Pedo Don!!!
@Colorado @Broncos , Colorado don't let us down , vote Trump
Please, Trump! Keep fighting and do not be happy too early! That old bitch is evil, and they have dead voters and illegals!
November 9th when you lose springs to mind knucklehead.
Hard work pays off ! So proud of you  doing your best ! #TrumptheVote!
Yes there is an even bigger bigger bigger day coming but in the most awesome way we have Donald J Trump as our PRESIDENT 
Don't get too excited yet, October is not over yet!  Anyone with common sense can see right through you and your lies!
FoxNews John Roberts said: Donald Trump is going to beat this new information like a “Rented Mule”
so you're going downhill? ha ha ha!
A bunch of inclusive Hillary supporters assaulted  a homeless black woman near your defaced star recently! YOU HAVE TO WIN!
Mr Trump please address the outrageous deductibles in the disaster Obamacare mine is now 6000 while premium is up 35%
That's not true Mr. Trump.  November 8th, 2016 and January 20, 2017 will be bigger than any day in yours or my life.  #MAGA
You are so funny!  Love it.
I'm sure November 8th will be the better when we elect YOU as the 45th!
Hillary Clinton is roadkill she is done don't you get it Trump is our next president get over it
the crowd sucked! So small! Loser!

nothing for you Diaper girl You and Diaper Girl Giuliani what news once again you are misinformed!! Get an education!!!!!!
I was happy too.don't let down  your guard can't trust the left.!!!!
@MONAKatOILS 
Oh yeah,  hows about a indictment?
oh yeah..Nov 8th..when you loose
@KatrinaPierson that's your problem, always looking back
did you even read the letter Comey sent??? #predator
Yep!   A day filled with lies is right up your alley. You should focus on your upcoming trials for rape and fraud.
nothing could be bigger than your ego!! I'm with her!!
hopefully it is something significant to cause Comey to reopen case.  And not another publicity stunt.
make the magic happen. #nowastedopportunities
The MEDIA is in FULL SWING COVER-UP MODE. We can't vote a CROOK in the WHITEHOUSE. Join the MOVEMENT TODAY
don't overreact
fun fact: hillary will be moving to Colorado after #Trump wins the election. there's a room waiting for her in ADX Florence
thanks dad

The PUBLIC can't be as STUPID as the DEMDREAMERs Hope. LIARS/CHEATERS/THIEFS/RAPISTS never to POTUS. DemKoolaid/SOMA STINKS
You have so much more to offer Americans than Hellary.  Don't focus on her...Focus on your issues.
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/des-moines-police-charge-trump-supporter-in-voter-fraud-case/ …
keep up the good work.  We need a person with endless energy like yourself.
#Colorado after Supreme Court is picked there will be NO more conservative changes in this world! Trump must win!
maybe if the FBI takes this where it needs to go! #draintheswamp

Im with you! I already voted Trump in Florida. Libs keep drinking the koolaid! FBI do your job this time#HillaryForPrison
I wonder what she would think of you? She loved Bill Clinton. I made calls when he was here last election for his wife.
Keep it up!  I am a Maryland resident. Lot of people her are like minded about Hilary and will vote against her.
If we win NH, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Ohio, and Michigan. I believe we will win the election.
November 8th will be the biggest day in history Mr. Trump when we the people elect u to be our next POTUS!  #MAGA
what are trumps thoughts on Medical Marijauna? # Buzz
Hillary 4 PRISON!
ahhhhye
Everybody get your PLUMBING TOOLS N GEAR READY!
SWAMP IS GONNA BE YUGE!
LOTS OF WORK!
HRC is demanding Comey release emails immediately. I'm prayerful he waits until 11/09 or 2 years, the length it took HRC!
Hillary needs to #deletehercampaign...... where is all the talk about the integrity of the election process now?

it looks like another weiner is bringing down the Clinton Foundation yet again.
#SchlongerTogether #Dikileaks
This was @HillaryClinton yesterday  @CNN @AC360 @CarolCNN @jaketapper @wolfblitzer @GovHowardDean @donlemon
best day ever 
Go Trump. Keep hammering the high cost of insurance and the corruption.
HRC Uranium deal makes sense now. Paris Climate Change Accord- Uranium clean energy.
watched you in Albequeque
You rigged election. Couldn't win otherwise. Sounds like these e-mails didn't involve Hillary at all.
Now they can quit blaming Russia for interfering with the US election and blame a Weiner.
Praying for your safety..you are this country's last hope.  I am a 62 year old woman..all my female friends voting Trump!
Us Patriots can't wait until you 'Drain The Swamp' Mr Trump !
