#notmypresident You have insulted too many people for us to believe you are capable of SERVING All Citizens.
Considering all your medical testing came back POSITIVE, how many antibiotics are you taking?  Still contagious or what!
What's the status of releasing the medical records? Has Hillary response? Or doesn't she recall that question either?
you can't get thru to these orangutan, conman, cheating, racist loving idiots, because it takes one to love one.
@belllabooo13 Hers need to be from independent Doctor because they will forge fake ones for the public
You mean like that letter @realDonaldTrump released in lieu of actual medical records? Perhaps he should see independent doctor too!
He has offered 2 show his medical records stop distracting from Clinton's health
I just don't like double standards. Perhaps both candidates should see independent doctors? Otherwise you're just spreading nonsense
Due to your age, you need stress test for cardiovascular, colonoscopy, prostate exam, skin cancer assessment. Results?
you don't get to make demands
She's released her taxes....where are yours?  POS
he emailed them to the the FILTHY LIAR.. #hiLIARy.CORRUPT.AS.FUCK #PRISON #RACISTtaco bowls, super predators
God help you. You're a disturbed individual.  As are all #Trumpsters
Aweee is that all u got it's ok, ur welcome back anytime.. we won't judge. U can just plead temp insanity
LOL....no, thanks!!  God Bless
is your doctor going to write your medical records in five minutes?
the fact a young lad like me has more common sense than an adult is sad. #Trump2016
What does she have to worry about?
U do not have to releas anything @DonaldJTrumpJr but in the contrary Hillary has to go to an asylum asap
She can't.  She is very ill
Detailed medical records, but not tax returns right?
she has released her taxes. You ?
how about your tax returns
would you take a drug test?
Try Tax Returns while you're at it, big boy!
Clinton has released far more detailed medical information than Trump's bizarre quack letter. RT @realDonaldTrump
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
OK  another situation out awaynow let's try tax release
estupidos she doesn't either
I think both candidates, Crooked Donald and Hillary, should release their tax returns. She had no problem doing so. Donald?
how about her speech transcripts, 33,000 e-mails. His taxes want effect his abiltiy to perform, being sick will
"Nuclear is just the power, the devastation is very important to me." –  Donald J. Trump
We need your TAXES released as well CONMAN!
release your tax return - delete your account
and tax returns!
will release his health records because he has nothing to loose, but wont release his tax returns? #LoserDonald
@shaftspell @thedudeone101
But will Killarys be accurate & true ?
TAX RECORDS as well??
How about we start a petition that she release detailed current health records, #SickHillary needs an exam. Ppl want 2 no
she will just pay some doctor to lie for her. #CRIMINAL
crooked @HillaryClinton will provide an old one for sure 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dCJ2ohcP2M …
won't release his tax returns, believes Hillary should release medical reports.  Total pussy!
Maybe you should both just do the country a favor & drop out
man up and do it
taxes?
Trump has wacko energy about crazy stuff. He doesn't seem to have any Intelligent energy for serious concerns.
just release your tax return
Hillary Wins!
@wtfnewsamerica @realDonaldTrump If you think Killary winning is a good thing you have your head up your wazoo.
Hillary is an unindicted felon protected by the media. Clinton foundation is criminal enterprise
Lying to Congress is a felony. Hillary DID lie 2 Congress. Obama administration refusal to indict =/= innocent

Are you purposely dishonest or do you genuinely not know the difference between criminal & civil?
.@realDonaldTrump sure, this time get REAL medical records! We want to see them, just like your taxes. #DONTHECON
@WakeUp2News @realDonaldTrump
I wonder...has she had any LGBT killed lately?
@FBI covered for her again:
#DonTheCon paid $7.7M in campaign contributions from gullible supporters to his companies/children
Donald Trump has paid $7.7M in campaign contributions to his own companies and children http://bit.ly/2bKg9Gd  
It's illegal not to refund himself by FEC guidelines.
He uses his own venues, so he has to pay back the companies. It's his money regardless.
When he was "self-funding" rent was $35,000. Now w/donations, he's charging $169K/mo #CashingIn
I don't understand why this point isn't being exploited 2 show @realDonaldTrump as crook
Nothing seems to stick to #SlickDonnie. Incomprehensible.
cuz he's a bully & keeps lying-if it sticks he lies bout other guy-people who believe him r ignorant-read nu book-TRUMP REVEALED
release your tax returns
doesn't have to
and she doesn’t have to release her medical records
because she is unfit
he seems to be more fit than her because he can campaign every day and she can't
traveling in a private jet paid for by the foundation at exorbitant prices so she can get plenty of rest. She didn't drive.
.@realdonaldtrump You haven't released any medical records, nor tax returns. You're grifting for suckers to pay subscriptions to Trump TV
yep that's it!!! Only people fooled are his supporters!
u two talking about Hillary or trump ?
sweetheart excessive meme are for children, it's past bedtime.
I didn't mean it to be rude , I thought because of the news breaking live it's quite relevant.  Sorry
Yes! We should talk about #HillarysHealth and using the race card.
yes and Trumps taxes! We already his mental health! And why not through in the allegation of rape!
English maybe?
Taxes too, please
All his financials are online. He's under audit.
He has years of previous tax returns that are not currently under audit. Release those. @joshledermanAP @realDonaldTrump
http://online.wsj.com/public/resources/documents/TrumpFinancialDisclosure20150722.pdf …
Those are not tax returns. Try again. @joshledermanAP @realDonaldTrump
It's a full financial disclosure. Literally anything remotely incriminating would be there.
Who said anything about incriminating? Conflict of interest is the issue here, transparency @joshledermanAP @realDonaldTrump

You haven't released as many medical details as her AND you need tests for Alzheimer's. Also taxes
don't forget e mails!
These emails? ;-)
Didn't involve "W".  Completely different situation besides.
It appears #HillarysHealth records have been released
anyone in medical/healthcare field knows medical documents won't have SSN due 2 HIPAA.  FAIL
NOT SS, it's the office phone number. As you can see, the SS is crossed out.
in fact, SSN is crossed out because...and here it comes...they don't know her SSN..it's fake.
you could do it with taxes too and be record twinsies!
All his financials are online. He's under audit.
the IRS says it's totally ok for him to do it.
you make a good point. Here's the original IRS official statement story. http://thehill.com/policy/finance/270964-irs-nothing-prevents-trump-from-releasing-tax-returns …
just clarifying, @ItalyGG doesn't find Trump refusing to release his tax returns suspicious but finds the IRS comments suspicious
Taxes are public. If you want to be trusted then release the taxes and stop hiding.
Including mental? Hahahahhahahahaha.
How about you submit yourself to an examination by a reputable physician who hasn't sold his soul to you? You wouldn't dare risk it.
Hillary has kuru
Maybe you could release your taxes at the same time?? Just a thought, Donnie?
if there are other victims of 76 degree #NYC_Heatwave we should all Pray for them #HillarysParkinsons Unfit 2 Serve #maga
Brilliant book about 1976 https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/024494184X/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awdb_bLvgAbF03VEVH …
when she prods and digs just smile and wait your turn and stay on the message for the people.
let the rigging go, just tell people why they need to vote. ie 2nd ammendment,  Supreme Court selection,  law enforcement
@AllyTaft and the left will respond back with tax returns
speech transcripts
what?
her Wall Street speech transcripts. She said she would release if Bernie did, he did, she backpedaled.
don't people have that on video or something?
no cameras and white noise machines were employed. Many believe there was no speech & was just a bribe.
how does that even happen?
she's shady af lol
I think both candidates, Fraudulent Donald and Hillary Clinton, should release their tax returns.
Clinton has made them public. Recently. Kaine has as well, back 10 years of returns from him. Trump. No.
once again thanks captain obvious.
Clever retort but not original. Stop putting up inaccurate statements + no one will be compelled to correct you.
lol. What was inaccurate? I'm on your side. I said both should release. Not Hillary hasn't released.
Clinton did release. Has released already.  Just waiting for Mr. Trump to please do same.
I know she released. Her college transcripts as well. Both should release. Trump hasn't released anything.
No and I doubt he will. Think he prefers imagined reasons for things instead of actual reasons. Fantasist.
- But what about those tax returns?
Lets see em Donny, H released last year
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @TIME
That's easy for you to say! 

Your health records are less than a thousand pages, and aren't growing every day!
@NavyVets4Trump This more important than stupid tax returns.
"Hillary said..."
I WISH YOU WOULD TRUMP BUT THEY WILL LIE FOR HILLARY AS USUAL>VOTE TRUMP
If you couldn't pass a physical to go into the army, how can anyone trust that you're okay now??????
what about your taxes? #yourenotabillionaire #youreafraud
@Cernovich I think Crooked hillary Thought of next wikileaks email release is killing her. Bring it on wikikeaks coughcough

just so you know DUMMY HC has already released hers... where's your TAXES....
@instapundit knew you couldn't make it thru the day

it might work even better if you release yours and show how healthy you are! She will have no choice. Media will hammer her
if you are so healthy, why on earth did you not serve in the military like a man.
i think you should release your tax records
When you  show your tax returns, I'm sure she'll be delighted to release her medical records!! What are you hiding, Donald?
Why don't you go first instead of waiting on her?
where's your tax record?
Voters have a right 2 know whats wrong w/her physically.Only problem is clintons prob have a dr. on payroll 2 cover Up.
Why don't you release your tax returns first.
Great idea, and hand over your tax forms as well...
let's see your taxes first
just not those taxes.......

https://m.hrc.onl/secretary/10-documents/05-physician-letter/HRC_physician_letter.pdf …
How abt u release ur tax info- Hillary's done it for yrs. Or do u not wnt to shw how u lie abt Russia & charitable giving?
@rabidbadger taxes?
Those too.
what about your brain tumour Donny
What about them tax returns 
will that include a #dickpick? Show us your #longform! R u 2 embarrassed that the American people will find out the truth!
Show us your tax returns first....
still having trouble with that "bone spur"?
And those pesky tax returns... @AJemaineClement @realDonaldTrump
Tax Returns and your Factual Medical Records
Taxes would be a lot more helpful Donnie. #releaseyourtaxes #trumpliesmatter
Chelsea's apartment listed as a senior care facility
yep and tax returns
that is a great idea. Include results of a psychological evaluation, and hand sizing.
Get Off Her unless Explain How You Benefit Us. She more Same Poor Security Home &Abroad Focus on Law/Order U Need Restraint
release ur taxes
Her medical records are in one of the deleted emails!
Where is the civility in this? And you have a problem releasing anything about yourself, so again you're a hypocrite.
if she pissed in a cup it would not be hers!! Remember "Bill I did not have sexual relations with that woman Miss Lewinsky"
Hillary did release a credible medical evaluation. You released a letter you obviously wrote yourself, probably in crayon.
how about you release your tax returns instead?
Glad you are blessed with good health. A gift from God. Hillary will have to face the drummer about hers.
Your 'doctor' is a joke and dangerous.. #Trump #unstable #GOP #Republicans http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/08/29/lawsuits-trump-s-doctor-overmedicated-patients-who-died-in-his-care.html …
Now you have 10000 MORE to kick out of our AMERICA. I can't believe the governors aren't saying NO!
I'd rather see your shady tax information.
Sure, sounds good, right after you release your tax returns, of course.
taxes...just release the tax forms.
never u
and tasteful nudes!!!
what about your tax returns?
Hillary has already released her medical records. Where is Trump's medical records?  Oh, with that G.I. hippie doctor. LOL
so can we the people request a full psych evaul with your medical records? #ImWithHer #narcissism
will ypu be writing your own again ?
Then do it.
do the face swap app thing!!
says he has no problem releasing medical records, while we are still waiting on his taxes...
I think you should show your taxes instead
Do it! For real this time! And how about those taxes too?
Release your tax returns! Nobody gives a damn about your health!  It only requires a copy. They can still audit you
In Dec 2015 you instructed your doctor to release medical record. We are still waiting those ones.
tax records first
I thought you said you already did, almost a year ago. so you're tacitly admitted a lie there?
tax returns
@veganvecoh @HillaryClinton @OnMessageForHer Well will YOU HRC. Answer if you dare.  wake her up and ask
lets start with Donalds tax returns
@instapundit she'd say that about tax records.
if that's all you have that's pretty with the pathetic
It's part of her reject and project campaign strategy
ok...so do it
try releasing your taxes you tax evader!
http://www.msn.com/en-sg/news/world/we-need-to-talk-about-the-child-rape-lawsuit-filed-against-donald-trump/ar-AAi4gRO … Trump rapes 13 witness substantiates
@malcolmsmith22 nowt like a clean campaign 'crooked Hillary'
She IS though.
can't be any worse than the state of UK politics to be fair
We badly need an election but more than that we need someone who is electable
you just worry about giving @prophetsofrage material to write about.
. Waiting on your medical records and your tax returns.  @HillaryClinton    @KellyannePolls
COMPLETE PHYSICAL 

RELEASE TAX RETURN 

COMPLETE PHYSICAL 

RELEASE TAX RETURN 

COMPLETE PHYSICAL 

RELEASE TAX RETURN
so what happens to the American children of illegal aliens? They are natural born just like you
but you have a problem releasing your taxes.
I don't care about your medical records show your taxes #DontheCon #PutinPuppetDon #DeplorableMikePencedefendsDavidDuke
@alecnyo Hillary has released pages of medical material...trump none

#trump why don't you start by releasing your taxes first
@karaswisher @realDonaldTrump @GerryDuggan  What a joke. The letter you released is a farce. Lets see a real evaluation written properly.
WOW. I'd ask if you could stoop any lower, but you have copyright privileges on "trump" (v.) for a reason
Over to you, Don.
Amarica should vote for the third party...
taxes, taxes, taxes.   Please refer to yourself a Don the Con.
I want to know if Dr. Feelgood Bornstein is giving you your own blank prescription pads.
why don't you release your tax returns. The country is waiting.
Release your Tax records instead; Crooked-tax evading-thief.
How about Hillary released all of hers months ago, whatchya hiding you bloated cheeto?
#HowToConfuseAMillennial
#TimKAINE Candidates on upup disclose health info
http://bit.ly/2ckWUCg 
@P0TUSTrump 
Release your taxes
#nevertrump
he emailed it to Hilary
, To become the commander in chief they should also check and see if she's mentally competent!
@P0TUSTrump Hillary will probably pay Dr off write up fake information knowing crooked Hillary Hum?
1st release #taxreturns
The word you're looking for is "I" not myself.

Idiot.
OH but do you have a problem. Couch time for you, buddy! #shesstillkickingyourbutt
how about your taxes
you want to be leader? Go ahead and fucking lead the way! Release a reasonable medical report and your fucking tax returns.
leading is not goading the people opposed to you into doing something they've already done... that's LUNACY.
LEADING is understanding what's happening, and proactively doing what will benefit as many people as possible.
you can't lead because you don't give a shit about benefiting anyone other than yourself.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huma_Abedin … 16 years lived in Saudi
So obviously you're in good health, how's the taxes looking tho? #trumptaxes
@KatrinaPierson Maybe start with tax returns first?  Yeah right!
she has released more then you.its really unattractive to have to use vulgarity to win.Lie to win.cheaters don't win
How about release your tax returns?
As soon as you release your income taxes!
how about your #TrumpTaxReturns you #DonTheCon #TrumpApocalypseWatch #DumpTrump
@P0TUSTrump you better make sure it is Hillary
she has, when will you. How about your Tax return???
p.s. How 'bout them tax returns? #LoserDonald
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and yourself, should release detailed TAX records. She has no problem. You?
When you say, both candidates, can you please rephrase that 2 the two worst candidates to run fo POTUS in American history?
Dear Donald you have an opportunity to be President of the USA. Please do not throw it away by speaking as you have.
along with the income tax records?
Where is your TAX RECORDS??? Show me that first, you POS
@KatrinaPierson So... Taxes next, yes?
