YES....& when Crooked Hillary lies at the debate call her OUT.  Hillary u r a liar!
the real piers.
Cain is lieing about a whole lot more than you know! Closet secrets!
Wow @realDonaldTrump.  When you say @realDonaldTrump you really mean it.  Rock n' roll my man.
Oh and uh... BTW @realDonaldTrump , Can you do a presidential address on TV soon?  Tee us up on what you're thinking.
Donald, Kaine is a TPP-loving DISASTER! Ditch him for Newt! http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/07/newts-hoot-gingrich-for-vp.html … #VPDebate
Mike Pence supports TPP
Trade means jobs, but trade also means security. The time has come for all of us to urge the swift adoption of the Trans Pacific Partnership
Pence did all the lying.
O'Reilly's severe problems with his family violence provide Murdoch control over the network’s primary pundit!!! Bill bill.
Hey Donnie, Pence is as bad as you!  The two of you represent the worst of America!
yes! I've been saying this he's just creepy and sneaky about it!
motor mouth, can shut that hole in his head up.
#FollowTheMoney
#ClintonCash
@KKeyster @RoadkingL @mike_pence birds of a feather, flocks together, both lying creeps
Hillary/Kaine is disgusting!!
Unfortunately, Pence lied so beautifully with a straight face - excellent liar -I saw you
Yes sir Mr. Trump.  Tim Kaine is a walking conspiracy theory that might just not be a conspiracy.  Yikes!!!!
#bengazi  really Lil Donnie  you can rape ex wives and buy their ... http://tmi.me/1fh4So 


he must be getting that booty call from hillary...sorry bill
Yeah, military hates you. Great comment about vets yesterday.
she a security risk.. 

Who owns Hillary
mike pence is an outstanding orator and a man of integrity
OR interrupting  ... so Rude!
PENCE IS LYING.
http://bit.ly/2cQY0t3 
Kane can lie as bad as his boss
why does Tim look so mad? Lol
gush crook. Pay your damn taxes.
. loose cannon @timkaine
the military isn't a singular organism. Plenty trust her and fear you.
Pence is lying!! No truth!! Can't go with coal!
Pence is great!
Kaine is nothing more than an important want to be
Mike Pence is so non-assuming. but seeing him debate tonight, i am impressed!
.@realDonaldTrump #LOSER
.@KellyannePolls hasn't taken away your phone yet?! HA!
#VPDebate
you referring to u, right?
Kaiden sounds like a whiner.
Mike is fighting and hitting a never with Kaine...puts Kaine on defense
wow you r the biggest friggin liar I have ever seen!!
you believe your own lies so much you cannot tell the truth
@ShannaMartella @RoadkingL @mike_pence @HilaryClinton someone should take trumps phone away before he gets in trouble!
HaHa!!! So far so Good!!
I wonder how many Republicans are watching the #VPDebate thinking: "Man, I wish @mike_pence was our candidate instead of @realDonaldTrump."
No other candidate could conquer the liberal media bias. I'm delighted Pence is in the #2 spot.
I am retired and I'm scared of her!
#Pence couldn't go 12 seconds without being interrupted by Kaine. #VPDebate
your should be listening to the lies you tell 
he tried to beat your 4 second record.
Kaine is more annoying and phony than Hilary, America should see right through this garbage.
#mirrormirror #mirrorselfie
#fat Donald, your vp not calling Tim Maine out on these supposed lies
Kanes a dick
Pence is getting under Timmy's skin!
he is a coward-he is tryin to bait Pence-Pence is too smart to take the bait
Kaine is an Idiot!!
To bad your not as sharp as Pence
I KNOW- he's saying you're trustworthy! LIE! Bigly lie!

How long did you last again? Oh yeah we couldn't hear the lies over your sniffles.
Kaine couldn't go 12 secs without being RUDE
#HillaryTaxes can #TrumpTaxes
Bullshit. You're the one lying.
he's running scared he's a liar
your party already declared Pence the winner hours before the debate. Thats your winning temperament. Decisions before fact
It's no contest. On the campaign trail Kaine acts like a yappy anklebiter. No new dog tricks at the debate.
because He's Smart.
wow Kaine is cracking
Dude, don't think you could go 2 seconds without lying. LOSER # ImWithHer
Mr. Pence is doing an awesome job
my supporters can't spell
#Kaine is a liar like crooked Hillary
liar
put those political hacks in prison, sir!
So true
WHO HAS THE TEMPERAMENT??????????? KAINE DOESN'T.  WOW!
POT calling kettle black? That's all you know is lies
you both have the right message but need to be more aggressive against these two losers
Mike Pence is doing great!
thank you Pence! Speak sir!

He is doing great Go Pence
You're the liar
#againstthecopsjudge
Shut Up T Rump...you have a severe case of NPD...
Kaine is a joke
marines an military are scared? You don't know our military.
Voters won't like these rude interruptions by Kaine.
then they are going to really hate Interrupting Donald...
typical obnoxious democrat, interrupting, lying and talking over everything pence says
speed it up Donny
must be talking about your self
This is awful, shutup Kaine
I'm not concerned about Mr. Trump's tax returns, but I am very concerned about where 33,000 emails went!
this is so stupid withCaine chewing on something and is a horrible interrupter!!!
Kaine is evil like the benghazi butcher killary

you lie
Could you at least find a crackpot conspiracy theorist who can spell Benghazi correctly?
Can't believe that moderator won't let Pence speak w/o interruptions from Kaine
. Lies
he will not even let mike pence talk
how rude
military are frightened by you. A commander in chief that calls them weak.
Tim Kaine getting very upset and uses liberal bullying tactics Not appealing
Kaine's tactic is to regularly interrupt Pence
names...i mean say it like it is but use some tact and savvy u got this
Pence kicking butt.Kaine is on http://defensive.lol .And interrupting.
Wow, Pence could not go few second without shake his head and lower his face! He couldn't defend you
Hillary kills
Pence is growing stronger
Even @HillaryClinton #Shutup @timkaine used tax laws
Kaine is shook.

scary 2 think having unstable Kaine & evil tempered clinton as leaders. Total nightmare
No president has ever tweeted to their followers to watch a sex tape before, that's why this country is falling behind.
Not
PivotPivot Pivot Pivot Pivot
come on pence get them!! You got this!!!
#Veterans #VPDebate
Trump carries double-digit lead among veterans
http://washex.am/2dZYY6u 
That's right they can not stand a Clinton in the WH!!!
please just watch and don't become the news Donald please. You're losing votes
Trump you have this veteran with ptsd as a true supporter
HRC should sue u for slander! #SOT #veteran @RoadkingL @mike_pence
no worries Mike Pence is tearing him up!
did you know Donald you project all your faults onto others
Kaine is out of control. Very unstable. Pence is professional and knows the facts.
I'd love to knock the he'll outta Cain
billion dollar loser - 18 year freeloader
you sir live in another reality
no..no they aren't
boy-interuptions by the little man kaine-& he can't let Mr.Pence finish his sentence
The marines aren't scared of nuthin'
I looked down, then back up and they flipped em on screen
it wasn't Kaine lying
Your right Donnie - they are scared of you running.
@NewSpeakisLies @RoadkingL @mike_pence Pence needs to talk over Kaine! Kaine has "scar tissue" from what?
But if you ignore the question it's hard to lie. Do you ever read the reaction to your texts.
donny knows all about lies..
here they go again...letting Kaine interrupt and talk over Pence.

Looks like Kaine is a loose canon with an uncontrollable temperament.
Says the career liar... Huh. takes one to know one.
I have 2 bros in marines. Shameful @timkaine threw our @USMC under the bus saying HRC's trustworthy
go to bed donnie
Kaine can't answer a Q!  Interrupt much!? #dodgemuch?
you are the lier donald trump richard

#stfu
I agree
Kaine is pathetic.....Pence is masterful
after the way you have disrespected every military family, veterans, for the last year.
Never run, or always run?  That is part of the choice in this election. Choose,strength or weakness?
THIS IS INFURIATING!!! KAINE WON'T LET PENCE SPEAK A WORD AND THE MODERATOR IS TOLERATING IT!
Why doesn't the moderator stop Kline from interrupting.
Elaine needs to tell Kaine to shut the freak up!!
trump u would not know the truth if it give u 916 billion
I hope you are paying attn to @mike_pence b/c he is debating very well right now!
kaine didnt even answer the first question
Kaine is getting nervous, Pence is getting  to him
score Pence
He's aS rude as HRC
looks like Haines on the defense

- pence is lying as badly as DRUMPF
funny kaine keeps blowing it by not shutting up trump should also be quite like pence he'll win more
Please Donald listen to your people. Get off Twitter.
I've seen enough.  Cain is another lying corrupt $%^@.  Had to be to work with HRC anyways.
@Khanoisseur put down your phone. don't  you have other things to do, like practice for the next debate.
pence is killing him. Go team Trump
a psychopath Running the country! Trump, liar, release taxes you fraud!
what an you, tax evasions never help the military.
Everyone's scared of the liar running: you.
