Trump, I want to vote for you but my mom won't let me
she's gonna be really mad though
yeah, listen to your mom. she sounds like a smart woman
actually she's really mean (like hillary), she never lets me play video games
she only wants your best :)
when r country is like Germany, France-tore up from refugees, I hope ur happy
did u just say that!? It's the 21st century! If #Stupidityequalleddeath you qualified
yeah you can only have an abortion before then! Can't have one past 8 weeks!
hey braindead Hillary is good to kill up to 9 mo.
shouldn't the woman who's body it is have right to do whatever she chooses
The problem is there is an unborn baby's body she should be responsible for.
SEXIST
ur an idiot
HOMOPHOBIC

anyone who stands up for Obamacare is plainly an idiot, when it cost u 4 grand a year and ur premium is 5 grand why have it
so what's your plan u got nothing empty small hand suit
Trump is a liar and biggest loser!
It's working because people are able to get covered. Improvements? Yes. Repeal = selfish corporate thinking
Failed to say the least.  Nobody can afford it.  I felt sorry for a policeman.
what is your plans to cover millions with pre existing conditions?
...What is it they are smoking in Washington.  Must be some good stuff.

@BarryHart7 Obamacare has FAILED.  We MUST repeal it immediately before there are no health insurance companies left.
YOU KNOW NOTHING RUSSIAN PLANT
I would love to see your plan, if it's better, then it's better.  But you don't share details on anything, just hyperbole.
hyperbole? That's the same as #bullshit right?? #shutupdonny #hurryupandlose
yes, I believe so. I don't dislike repubs, but this guy wants to be Caesar, his fans worry me, #haternationDT
People don't realize that Obamacare also affects jobs and their ability to find one, let alone one that has health benefits
just like u failed in your biz 6 times, fraud king
you can't be that stupid to think that SS didn't have problems at first, opps but YOU can.
this is not at all true in my case. FACT: my ACA IS ONLY COSTING a 3rd of what it was even w/supposed increase. OBAMACARES
If she means decimating middle class, "redistributing" health care from payers to takers, then "it's working!"
my LYIN eyes 
Obamacare, no sirveeeeeeeeeeeeeeee hay que quitarlo y lo va hacer TRUMP
maybe the US should learn to do healthcare properly. The rest of tgethe civilised seems to be able to make it work.
Obamacare failed yesterday, today and tomorrow. 
VOTE TRUMP AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. 
TRUMP 2016
Hillary's new tagline: She's against US!
of course it's working. It benefits the crooks
Everyone forced to spend $ on a policy per SCOTUS mandate = "It's working." (Technically that req coverage part is) #WTF
What a mess, how are people to afford "Affordable Care Act" ? LOL OMG  "Affordable"? tell me its not so Joe. #TrumpPence16
Speaking of fails.
show your taxes
stay on point with this message! My liberal friends in WA are furious and ready to jump ship! Stay the course Donald!
Read the book, Wake up America! Our healthcare is being Usurped.  it is just out, a short read and informative.
im pretty sure she said the opposite and stated that it needs alot of changes.
thus Obama care
if I had a business and I knew I could raise my prices as high as I wanted and the Gov' would just tax people more to payme
Obama did a half a&^ job what else is new
And the record showed you supported it before it became law and supported single payer. Lier or alzheimers? U tell us.
talk to the greedy companies dimwit
Young people going to war, our countries young people deserve better,peace prosperity, rebuilding America better jobs/Trump
That has been my exact experience with Obamacare, and it isn't good.
My premiums went sky high.  I get bills, bills, bills. Failed Obamacare.
#ObamaFail
@RadicalRW #TrumpFail
Remember the seniors only get a 0.03% increase in 2016, and ZERO in 2016..
you are a liar and I DONT TRUST YOU !
make America great again we are behind you
@Sweetladywv  @realDonaldTrump  @Trump
Venezuelan needs your support.
Attacking a plan (#trump) is a useless endeavor if it is not accompanied by a plan forward. #trump ha no plans.
even bill said the premiums were going up.
issues matter! #health #wealth #security - Repeal #ObamaCare, Fix #Economy, Protect #Borders & Rebuild #Military #Trumpwins
you forgot to mention world population is rising, climate change and whichever unrelated topic you may imagine
And yet you've never explained your health care plan.  if you repeal Obamacare, millions of people will lose coverage. What are your plans??
Rates up 25% last year and 38% this year for less coverage. Obama lied.
“@realDonaldTrump: #ObamacareFail ”
8000.00 out of pocket , no coverage till then,
What is your solution? We are listening......
Of course it failed ,he's another manipulated liar .
Your mom wants entilments Trump loves women Vote for Trump come out of the shell
Tom you know you want him .. I love Donald he loves sex with his wife
The only reason why yhete are more jobs os because everyone has a part time job companies don,t hire full-time any more
YOU MUST get out and VOTE! We HAVE to make up for the FRAUD! YOUR VOTE MATTERS! TRUMPXIT! @marcorubio @LouDobbs @BretBaier
... Choice - down
She also said it needed work. My daughter has insurance now because of ACA, and your plan would take it away. Figures.
UNIONS FOR TRUMP
this country will be a sorrier place if Hillary gets in. To BRING BACK JOBS we must VOTE TRUMP
Shut up!
Insurance companies raise the rates, not Obama. Not the ACA. For-profit healthcare is an abomination. @HillaryClinton
OBAMA CARE should be RENAMED OBAMA DOESN'T CARE
how is it not obvious of how bad this #DMV regime is failing #America?
I AM A PATRIOTIC DEPLORABLE CHRISTIAN WOMAN FROM PA. VOTING TRUMP/PENCE
Why they didn't just expand Medicaid? Free for some & a sliding premium scale based on income for the rest. Easy peasy.
fighting alongside you here in Louisiana!!!
you go, Donald!
as usual u don't know what the h*ll ur talking about u haven't got a clue about anything!
It's working just like Hil"liar"y's email server!!! Locker her up & dump ObummerCare in you 1st 24 hrs as POTUS! Trump 2016
she wouldn't know "work" unless it donated to her Clinton fund!
#Hillarythefraud
#clintonisafraud
Obamacare is dead
@AValvecchia & is still going to b cheaper than if u had regular insurance. Here's an equation.Trumpf=classless con man
Thank you. We need you in office

@HillaryClinton Call it #ObamaCare #HillaryCare #RomneyCare its still a big pile of 
@maurod469 GoDonald!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDc8PVCvfKs …
It's working for some (uninsured, uninsurable) but not for others (healthy, tax payers). It should work for all. #MAGA
ObamaCare is only working if the objective is a single payer system. #CrookedHillary #ObamacareFail #SinglePayerSystem
its a shame he can't be more presidential because truly he would be a good president
This is working out exactly as they planned. This is the path to total government controlled health care. Sickening
SO DO YOU
you may need to read the details but you like to talk first and then find out you are wrong.  How will you fix it?
Yeh ite workin olryt: workin its way down & out
Obamacare is going to put me over the poverty ledge. This Is Not American.
get the real facts before you have your daughter do your tweets!
liar
at ER with my 5 yr old w/ labored breathing at 1AM-sad I worried about bill lesscoverage BCBS we pay $1400 month now !!
- Bankruptcies made U rich on the backs of the people. U are not of the people nor for the people. You are warped & EVIL.
#TrumpFail: Child Sex Trafficking. That's a #BigLeague failure. #DEPLORABLE! 
#NastyWomenVote
#TrumpPence16 #TrumpPence16 #TrumpPence16 #TrumpPence16 #TrumpPence16 #LANDSLIDE #LANDSLIDE #LANDSLIDE #LANDSLIDE
http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2016/10/25/arizona-obamacare-premiums …
#VOTETRUMPSTER
Look at the High Deductible Health Plans! Obamacare doesn't work!!!

"It's working"?  LOL love to see she and her family on Obamcare, never happen!
Obamacare HAS to go! It's killing us. It's killing our country. VOTE AGAINST OBAMACARE HILLARY NOW!!!!!
keep it up
It's not how the people vote it's who counts the votes!!
Voting machines owned by one person and not the government or an accounting firm?? Why?
Fraud has occurred in 3 States so far and early voting just started.
Need to be audited by the US marshals and protected before general election begins. There is time! Or, an accounting firm.
Hey T, how can voter machines be owned by one person in 18 States? George Soros, has rigged the machines. The machines...
Don't worry, Hillary has an actual plan unlike you!
@FriendlyJMC  working ONLY in alternate universe @HillaryClinton lives in w her dementia @crookedhillary LOST HER MARBLES
No.
so can i sue obama when he leaves office for all of the money he steals from my income taxes not having his healthcare?
Hillary wants to keep all failed policies in place because liberals think failure is a good thing.
what's your plan?
lie lie lie and more lies
@Midgespeaks Obamacare is just one more of all others destruction by Democrats and their president
I knew it would fail anything that the government does fails!
you are missing something. It is UUDDLRLRBAStart
this is a nightmare it has got to change no one can afford insurance anymore Obamacare is a disaster
https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-says-all-club-employees-are-suffering-on-obamacare-but-manager-says-vast-majority-arent-on-it-162436570.html …
I AM ALIVE BECAUSE OF KT
Watched you dont EVEN know what it is! Amazing dumb! When you and your cronies are OUT we fix. #maga LOL
she never said it was working she said she's going to make changes to it to make it work better. Liar Liar pants on fire
Affordable Care Act - worse tax bill in American history... And is not affordable!
I voted for TRUMP
Obama is the worst POTUS we have ever had HRC will only be 4 more yrs of same. We need Trump to #draintheswamp and refresh.
Its working, if the government is paying the premium, or you have lobbyists on K street on the receiving end.
shovel ready jobs for disabled veterans making their own military uniforms in United States of America again retweet  #353
just got our new rates for our insurance and every level plan offered has increased!  Best plan went up to $80 biweekly
I meant up $80 more biweekly. So single person pays $214 biweekly as of 2017. It was $92 2015 then $134 2016. Obamacare!
bayolive
How 75 pending lawsuits could distract a Donald Trump presidency link:
No matter what, Trumpf will always lose more bigly. You're the BEST loser!!
Yea Newt Gingrich finally put M Kelly in her place with her nightly obsession & bias against you. Using sex for ratings
Obama blamed the increase in premiums on "your employer" in speech today. Call out this fraud. #NeverHillary
lost my job due to the affordable care act!
Hillary wants2 bring Moslems into USA. Moslems throw acid  on the face of women whose face is not covered

are you going to stiff Kellyanne what you owe her when you get creamed on Nov 8 like the Trump Taj?
:Obamacare was NEVER about affordable insurance--from the outset it's a scheme 4 progressives to control 1/6 of the economy
I am glad Obama care is failing.   It was never a good thing.
This video should b in EVERY SINGLE AD u place! THIS will b the #OctoberSurprise
Its working the exact way that Obama intended it to. Collapsing America.
hillary honestly get 20% votes, but she win  big in 16 states where Soros voting machines  are included Floryda
we are still awaiting your solution to the millions who never had insurance. #NoSolutionCandidate
jobs & out of pocket plus savings.
I have a bridge for sale...
Obamacare set to increase 25% in February... 
are you ready?
YOU HAVE NOTHING TO REPLACE IT WITH.....
lol
BREAKING NEWS! CNN just announced they are blaming the failure of Obamacare on something Donald Trump said 30 years ago.
congrats bill O'Reilly just now ripped juan Williams and comey new assholes
Hillary who? Vote for Katy Perry Nov. 8
that's right Donald keep on message next 2 weeks
