
is all the annoying sniffing a TELL?
Yes! A fairy dust tail!
.@realDonaldTrump Except Muslims, those of Mexican descent, women, gays, blacks, veterans, the poor, ppl w/disabilities, oh and anyone ugly.
Liar in chief!
Also except anyone that didn't vote for him, anyone that doesn't like him or anyone who criticizes him

You have clearly failed.
Hahahahahahahahahahaha! Now that’s good comedy. Resign.
You forgot the word NOT.
We see how great that has worked out
.You're a liar and a traitor
@White lHouse has no answer for 7 million veterans who stand to lose health care. http://shareblue.com/white-house-has-no-answer-for-7-million-veterans-who-stand-to-lose-health-care/ … #Trumpcare is a failing disaster.
#LiarInChief
.@realDonaldTrump in office 171 days ... 51 spent at Trump properties and 37 golf outings ... zero tangible benefits for ordinary Americans. 
except for black, Latino , asian, Muslim. Rich white will do great.
He will unlike Clinton who is just pandering to the get votes!
except when you want to interrupt them and have a hissy fit
said the biggest bully in American History
I'm sure - not at all. That's equal. We're on to your lies, Donnie.
I don't think so he seems not to like woman, muslims, and nerds, like the people live tweeting for him.
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=wEdkNxA6Q5k …
Martha is the definition of deplorable. Hearing her debate Trump is so disgustingly biased and dishonest and outrageous.
So NO ONE will pay taxes? Like you and your wealthy friends?
#Election2016 #CrookedDonald @realDonaldTrump
nope that is not true and you know that younpunk
....they're just words,....like your apology
There will be no  "your administration".
funny!!! u r a real comedian! #debate
Aww shaddap, Shitler.
Now you are a comedian!
will you give them all an equal reach around and grab them right by the pussy #debate
LIAR #RESIGN
is this just for white people or people of color as well?
who's gonna protect us from the pussy-grabber?
you lie
Like every other promise, not kept!
SNIFF
you mean every white American
Except for minorities, women and the LGBT folks whose rights you would strip with conservative supreme court justices...
Send this to cast of Hamilton!
What is your plan?  You have no plan?  You have tiny hand accusations, no plan.
I believe you Sir and have full faith in you. Just Plz watch out for the one who would look to hurt you. They R soulless
you won't win. Continue to make a fool out of yourself.
whoops #MAGA
except for the women, PoC, LGBTQ community, shrinking middle class, and growing lower class. Right?
Every white person
Oops he lied.
You have not said one honorable thing since you were elected. All you have done is ranted and bashed and lied.
YES HE WILL! FOR ALL OF US! @realDonaldTrump
I’m still waiting for him to die!
Well, this statement has been proven a total lie.
Well that's a lie.
No matter whether they're a smoking hot 10, or a flat chested 4.
@realDonaldTrump  bro do you play PUBG? Wanna do duo sometimes?
Alert to Donald Trump, you twitter account appears to have been hacked.
yeah unless their are Muslim or black. So where are you going to put up camp trump next to?
whoops! Almost every American, am I right?
liar - stop and frisk
Hey, you also don’t like prisoners of war.
including any teenagers you might have raped or women assaulted?
Unless you are a Muslim American.
Except for people that didn't vote for you. You treat them like crap @PressSec @KellyannePolls
where? When?
Lies, all lies!

When you've got a full week of targeting black athletes, defending Nazis, and starting a nuclear war ahead of you 
Funny how things change.  Another Trump lie.  The only thing you've ever been good at
The good old days when Trump's lies were not lethal. #ITMFA
Then you should start paying your income tax ,so we can be equal.
Lying, liars gonna lie. New day, new lie. Right @realDonaldTrump ?
Get on it.
Do you even hear what you say?? Direct contradiction to your actions every damn time. #Resign now.
trump=hitler
Trump actually scores higher on the Psychopath scale than Hitler.
- * Unless they're women.

Or Muslim.

Or poor.
or of Mexican heritage
Liar Liar Liar
YOU ARE DEPLORABLE!
Lmao
paid equally? If so can I get a raise?
this is only one example of what your hate mongering is doing to our country.
That's not what happens at your rallies.  There's film.
aren't the mediators at presidential debates supposed to be nonpartisan and neutral? Not happening
That would be a first 4 u wouldn't it? U hate hate everyone who isn't 'white&right'? U have proven that. #debates #trump
grope em all!
Make America Grope Again
@News3LV liar
cut off again by Andy Cooper???!!!  Hillary talking....talking....talking.....talking...hello? Can u cut her off Anderson?
BULL SH#t   !!!!!!
- I will treat everyone equally...And by everyone I mean every white male.
except women who will begrabbedbythepussy
I guess I'll never understand what happens #inthelockerroom
nor in any I've been in
unless they are anything other than blonde with blue eyes.
"WRONG"
Didn't you say you would have your opponent arrested?
: Americans today are unequal & routinely disrespected by Crooked Hillary & her ilk in DNC & GOP. They luv their corruption.
The Americans are the Native Americans .....
@pplchill777 #liar
unless you're promoting LAW AND ORDER #Debates2016
unless your not white and a man.
You are so disgusting. You and all our surrogates do nothing but lie
including the women you grab by the ...
And it's not about Racism, we hate ALL Liberals Equally as well! #MAGA #Debates #Trump #CrookedHillary #Benghazi
Yeah, you'll treat them all with patronising disdain.
how many lines of blow did you do to make that tweet?
Quick! Get a shot ready, she's winding down! Get drugs quick!!!
@realDonaldTrump
except women right? Oh and mexicans. And muslims. Who else do you not like?
So are you saying that women will get equal pay? LBGTs will get the same equality?
except women. and muslims. and chinese. and latin americans.  and your wife.
great job in Florida today
You only started showing any tollerance for people of color when your campaign manager told you to.
in the first 100  days you want to revoke my marriage, I already know how you feel about your own 3
Congratulations on a very Big Night ! Registered Democrat who will NOT be voting for Clinton !
Yeah, right
You'd have to be locked in a closet to accomplish that!
Except for women, immigrants, African Americans as a start.
like  the women in your life? #bullshit
#Bullshit!!!!
BS
don't insult my intelligence. 

except women and muslims of coarse
How did Hillary know that man's name? I don't see name tags.
But that's not what you've been saying throughout this entire campaign.  I'm confused.
...except Muslim Americans, Mexican Americans, Black Americans... everyone else is good. 
Because you have a great record of treating people equally.
but not if they are ugly or a minority
please bring up the extortion the government is doing in this country either you buy Obama care or pay a fine
Don the Con BS-ing again. It's easy for a pathological liar.
@HillaryClinton is the spawn of Hitler.She will burn all Jews, hang all blacksnbehead all whites. Muslimswill be her slaves
unless they're women, if they're women you'll grope them like you own them.
unless they are female and beautiful in your eyes, everyone else go to the back of the line!
Trump has sound bytes but no real understanding or ideas.
you dont treat every citizen equally now? why would it change
Translation: He really means "equally" as in "not at all". #sniffles #debate #debate2016

Jobs, border, immigration, coal, keep it simple my Friend 
.
you don't have to lie. shackles are off. you clearly hate this country and its people. tell us what this is really about.
VIOLENCE?? The ONLY violence I've seen is from HILLARY supporters BEATING Trump supporters with ROCKS, BOTTLES, FISTS!
and groped
apart from Mexicans and Muslims.  We already know what you want to do with them.
I find it ironic that you say that
and ALL PUSSIES WILL BE GRABBED
SO  WHO IS SPEAKING UP FOR BILLY BUSH !!  TRUMP GETS A PASS AND BILLY BUSH GETS FIRED !!!!!  WHERE IS THE EQUAL PROTECTION

Those of us who wore the uniform know Trump’s values aren’t American values. #Allepo #debate 
except women, Muslims, Mexicans, or other minorities, right? #nevertrump
unless you are Mexican, Black, Latino, Disabled, a POW, or female.
pure BS!!?
don't quit your day job
YOU ARE DEPLORABLE!!!!
HRC doesn't get anything done as she's just all words, and smirks...she so ugly inside, and out
Really?  Even attractive women?!?  @realDonaldTrump
: Just like u treat everyone now -- right? U know, like women, AAs, Gold Star family, Muslims, vets, Mexicans, workers, IRS
YOU BANGED IT HOME TONIGHT!!!!
@Scaramucci So, you are denouncing "stop and frisk"?
except minorities, women, handicapped, POW's... oh wait... did you mean everyone is up for attack and insults?
Everyone?
Pow! Right in the pussy! #debate
is this sniffles Donald
#debate Trump is acting like a small child.  No answers!
LIAR LIAR pants on fire!
hmmm...you remind me of somebody! Sarah Palin! Damn and damer all over again
when was America Great?
first start by treating woman by respect
Will you grab them by the Pussy
@scottienhughes unless they are women, minorities, veterans, handicapped, or Muslims,
That is a falsehood BIGLY!!!!
except women, Mexicans, the blacks, Muslims, and people who don't buy my shirts.
other than women. And Muslims.
