Hey Remember when nobody wanted her to create a health care for everyone program. Like when she was supposed to bake?
its not like she was president or anything
"HILLARY I APOLOGIZE FOR SAYING YOU DID NOTHING FOR 30 Years I ACKNOWLEDGE YOU PERFECTED THE ART OF POLITICAL CORRUPTION"
too busy checking email?
realDonaldTrump
Did you search the internet for "Donald Trump 2011 prophecy?"
State by state obamacare increases,
Wake these people up!
She will never do them. She is a control person...
So you expected the First Lady to solve every problem?@realDonaldTrump
I think pretty much the jig is up where you're concerned. She's made changes, you've groped women #Nevertrump
since u stoop to insulting monikers, I'm giving u 1: Leacherous Donald.u will b Leacherous Don or just Leach. Thx 4 idea
Oh, prob. the fact that she hasn't been president during that time and that matter of an obstructionist Senate and House.
She'll say anything to get elected, just ask @POTUS.
You need a civics lesson. She was not a Monarch!

Bye, Bye
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
SHE'S A PUPPET
Here goes the morning temper tantrum.  Seriously, get some meds or something man - you are unhinged and a crybaby.
she is like duplicate ghandhi family (Nehru family), just talk, no action!!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
she's all talk. No action
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
undo realize that there is NO UNILATERAL power in US government right. All change comes incrementally, u are AWARE RIGHT?!
JOHN MCCAIN IS A TOTAL HYPOCRITE @SenJohnMcCain
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Because it's a democracy with branches of govt?
She was too busy building her empire of corruption and greed. She only cares about herself
#Wikileaks just dropped #PodestaEmails4 for those interested in the details of Hillary's corruption. #TrumpPence16
You're the best.  Thank you for your sacrifice.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Do you have even the slightest idea of how government works? You flipping dolt!
probably because wasnt President
she boast about 400 pieces of legislation,would like to see something of value without tossing a shit load of money on it
liberals just like to toss money on things, that's there typical answer to issues. Easy to do when the doe isn't theirs,
#crookedhillary is an unindicted felon
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
one woman can't responsible.
Well for one, she VOTED to CLOSE that loophole YOU lobbied for and used, Donald. Long list but we KNOW you don't read!
She WILL make America a better place...you NEVER will since the election is over! YOU LOOSE, Little :Liar DonnyBoy!
probably buddy cause the First Lady doesn't have legislative powers. Senators  And sec of state are not the president 
yawn.
what have you done for the American people in the last 30 years? I highly doubt it had anything to do with public service
this just shows what very little you know about how the govern't and politics work
Hey Cheap Donald... what have you done to help people?  Show us your selfless charity.. how about volunteering?  #hypocrite
you have to stop saying the same things. Make a list of the things from the new Wikileaks emails and fire away on HTC.
bc she was a junior senator of the minority party and we have checks and balances
u do realise that Clinton has nothing to do the budget right?Trump has no idea how gov works!!
he has shown no intention of learning anythg, other wise he wld have before now, before the debates, he wants to be
shut up already
is this about your fraud trial correct?
maybe that's why he had the 11/28 date stuck in his head.
Seems likely - just as well he wasn't thinking of this https://www.google.co.uk/amp/www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-accused-underage-rape-lawsuit-a7352976.html%3Famp …
This is a lie.
do you know how the government works
oh oh I know...
you're right
She was a Senator for 8 years and Secretary of State for 4. That's 12 years. 30 years? That's wrong
you're forgetting First Lady of Arkansas and First Lady of the United States. She's been at this for a while.
Neither of those roles has any power. Or is your wife responsible for your on-the-job successes & failures
You are asking such a meaningful question. Ballot Box question. ROTFLMAO
So you blame Laura Bush for Iraq. Remember that  time when Nancy said 'tear down the wall'
Care to explain what the Hell you are talking about?
because that's not how government works you incomprehensible glow in the dark fucktrumpet
rodham lies & lies & lies some more
ooooooooooooh damn!! some serious meme-proof. devastating [eye roll]
So U like what rodham/obama have done? sad
ha! one of the last pro trump arguments left "black people please blame hillary for everything"
So U like what rodham/obooa have done, sad
lol hillary is in charge of the VA, got it
So U like what obooba/rodham have done, sad
@BabesForTrump @scottienhughes because if the people had good paying jobs they might not vote for the Democrats.
@EkpereNwankwo Because she was busy stealing other people's money!
Love this. Desperately needed a laugh!
#Hilary should answer the question if she has anything to say. She cannot account for anything so she keeps quiet.
she built a server at her home! She destroyed blackberries! She has been very very busy!!
Uh- she wasn't president????
because she wasn't the president you fucking flannel.
So she couldn't convince people to her side....hmmm, great deal-maker you got there. 30 yes nothing accomplish
Trump likes to talk about grabbing women by the pussy.
Yes. Why, 30 years ago as First Lady of Arkansas did she not rewrite the Federal Tax Code?
please don't give him new attacks, because he and supporters will believe she could have done it
she didn't even as much as try. But I'm sure you got a million excuses like her.
Yes. I do. Here's one: the First Lady of Arkansas doesn't set tax policy.
the workings of government to some are beyond the imagination.
It's called putting in ANY effort. She does not. Simply panders to banks. This is a fact.
hey look they're talking about you:
Please keep screaming your message! youre so right! This vital ----> https://twitter.com/AlanKestrel750/status/786023011040178176 …
Oh yeah , Allan ?  Been ready for this for over a year.
Point is, Billary's just more of the same old...
You'll have to make sure to vote against her on Nov. 28.
Why not tomorrow ???
My thing is waitin' the clock down...LOL
Yeah. Those 5 electoral college votes will be a big help.
Sad that a 60 or so year solid Democtrat state swung Republican after 2007 or so...
Have you seen the traditionally red states up for grabs this election?
Yup. Not worried. We have a non RINO running this year..
don't say the same thing, modify it a little every time so it sounds fresh, heard this 50 times, add a new twist, creative
have you done anything for this country for 30 years, besides fill up your pockets by not paying federal income taxes?
@HankHawkCab She just wants power trip. She will do nothing but destroy us
, if these issues are so important to you why didn't you do something? After all you know all about Pay for Play!!!
she wants to promise free stuff. You want to promise http://jobs.you  understand we need atmosphere to create jobs. Not make worse
perhaps u should take a class on US Government 101.   Maybe Trump University has a class u can take
since when did politicians keep their word. They say anything to get elected and then it's thank you sucker.
You're going to loose to a woman you #WHINYLITTLEBITCH. Sad!

#LearnTheConstitution
like the tax code she should've fixed while in the Senate? The thing about it is- Senate CAN'T start tax bills. #law #facts
Here's what she's been doing (and you, too) https://www.hillaryclinton.com/tools/way-back-when/ …
and just what have you done with your power/money? Oh yes sorry....not paid any taxes...I forgot...
@Angelmdunn1961 because she careless & her problem is her wrath.
Because she wasn't President. You do understand how it works, right?
she wants to promise free stuff. You want to promise http://jobs.you  understand we need atmosphere to create jobs. Not make worse
Whilst you brag about sexual assault.
And where have you been? Directing Kevin McAllister to the lobby and firing have-been celebrities from a fake job.
HC is the queen of corruption! She literally spells doom 4 America! Will cont. BO's agenda & worse, if that's possible!
She will never make America great She will only create more lies corruption to benefit herself She is the worst for america
cuz.she.was.not.pres-i-dent.
7) and was pivotal in the passage of legislation that helped those first responders who got sick get the care and treatment
because she wasn't President you fool
concentrate on us NOW deal with the name that shall not be spoken later
She needs 34 years.
Republicans in the Senate have contradicted that statement saying she worked very hard, was the most knowledgeable.
Learn something Sir, from Her..
She has been in office for 30+ yrs,b/c she is good @ the Art of War...Read It
lol
The book that made you a household name was published 32 years ago - why haven't you solved the world's problems?
obvious you have no understanding of how government works.
She has 3 ?   haha what a pile of CS
Whether you like @HillaryClinton not she has served her country for decades. What has @realDonaldTrump ever done in service of others?
do you understand she was party of a democracy, not autocracy. Everything she puts forth has to go through a voting process
Asked and answered stupid.  She tried but Republicans were in power.  Ask them!
you've been pretty busy doing great things past 30 years... your a joke. Locker room talk degrades so many men.

check out the cool time line shuffle on her site.
Because she was not the President, and Congress dose not approve easily what you would like to do.
if she won't stop the genocide of Aleppo will you because this issue does matter to the world.
Meanwhile, this is what you were doing:Two women say Trump touched them inappropriately http://nyti.ms/2dSRrox 
She's only still in this Election just because she's claiming to be "the first female president" its the fucking feminists
She cleaned ur clock on this.  Where've YOU been the last 30 years, aside from defrauding contractors and assaulting women?
She has accomplished plenty while you evaded your responsibly to pay any tax. You think the services in America are free?
if you want to be the next POTUS you need to spend less time attacking @HillaryClinton and more time coming up with a plan.
What do you think, she can do them all by herself?
@nicelittlepub Bill Clinton has a Rape Video of a 13 year old!
Because she wasn't the President.
And what have YOU done in the last 30 years besides scamming people, belittling those less fortunate than you, etc.?
#HillaryClinton was not a supreme leader of this country. You are not #habitatforhumanity either. #ImWithHer #MAGA #vote
she's done NOTHING! Never had a real job, never created a job. Just collects $$$
you r fighting the political mafia u must win this will be a hugh fight for you stay strong
Well she's a bought and paid for candidate
U ignorant 2-face! She wasn't President & accomplished plenty more 4 our country than U ever have. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4lFrk4PbVg …
You do realize that just because your an elective official you can't just enact whatever you want? There are procedures.
please reach in deep an pull for middle America. My family is all in...
why haven't you done more for mankind?
I guess math isn't your strong point

this is a must read. It's very true. #trump 2016
cause she hasn't been president. It shouldn't be this hard to understand...
she was Senator for a few years - couldn't do it all in that time. Lifetime of public service but not much power to change
Because 1 Senator doesn't have the power to change everything?  Had you passed Civics 101, you would know this Donald.
because she wasn't in a position to do it. Do you even know what responsibilities jobs have? #dumbassdonald
Talk is the easy part. They are educated in good BS.
she was waiting for her Parkinson's to be cured
why did you use Chinese Steel in your buildings?
Because HRC wants more chaos and corruption, not less.
because of creepy white males like you and her husband trying to make her play by your rules.
They are trying to take you down by destroying us, will not happen, get unstuck, move on to issues, WE know the TRUTH.
because a Republican president has veto power and there are other 99 senators also...you know...this isn't a dictatorship.
Because she was not a Dictator or king, as you would like to be. #180Rule
@DiamondandSilk "rap artist disrespect women by calling them B!*&^ & H(*& yet U...invite them 2 the White House."
Hey Donald I will give you a civics lesson so you can answer that question for a million bucks.
she wasn't president then. But don't worry she will when elected bud.
She did a lot more than you. All you did was perv on women. Dirty old man Don.
@KaitHarrisonxo because she's one vote out of 100 senators & over 400 in congress to vote against her.
politics is somehow about Ego   but the truth hurts sometimes .Why can't we just make it's about our Great America Nation
because we have this thing called checks and balances. I mean seriously, a presidential candidate should know this.
she hasn't been president?
You've had billions of dollars for 30 years. Why haven't you paid your taxes??? #DumpTrump
from bankrupt, racist, rapist, all in a span of those years. Stolen money, didn't pay taxes shall I go on
why you have to name-calling your opponent? can't you just try for once have a decent campaign? insults=lack of arguments
do you have any idea of how our government works?
she will take a drug test as soon as you release your tax returns.
If the establishment delivers on their promises they won't have the issues to run on. They are greedy politicians for life.
She is of the occult! She really wants to destroy us!
St.Donald Trump! Every one is crooked, everyone is evil. You are indeed a St. and your Blessed KA Conway is with you. Amen
Government 101 - A single Senator or Sec of State cannot enact laws/bills by themselves.  Hillary's done plenty in 30 yrs
@laura_stietz LISTEN to Newt !  #PodestaEmails
What is it you think she should have done as First Lady?
We will keep the "pre-existing" health care law but repeal Obamacare with something better for everyone.
.@realDonaldTrump As First Lady? As Senator in a GOP led congress that refuses to pass ANYthing? She's helped a hell of a lot more than you!
She doesn't give a SHIT!!
learn how politics works first before you speak.
6) Clinton was instrumental in helping secure $21 billion in federal aid to help New York rebuild after 9/11.
@TCB_AK if you can even believe what she is talking about is sincere
She was too busy trying to find ways to screw America. If she wins Good morning America will change to bend over America
you do understand that it is not a dictatorship right? You will NEVER be our president! #NeverTrump  #losing
Because unlike you, she understands the Constitution.
8 yr as Sen sponsored 3 bills became law. Named a hwy,  a post office & nat historic site. WHOOPEE http://ijr.com/2015/12/503111-here-are-the-3-bills-hillary-clinton-sponsored-that-became-law-while-u-s-senator/ …
Do you need a civics lesson? Obviously..
Same reason you won't do it.
She DID do them. She's devoted her life to her country. You've devoted yours to stealing $$ and ripping off your employees.
She was busy bankrupting casinos, bilking contractors and having her reality show canceled. Oh, wait. Wrong candidate.
stupid tired argument.
@HillaryClinton
@KazmierskiR @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton And who know better than the "Change" candidate that brought us nothing. But ISIS
30 years, eh? Let’s see; 8 years in the senate, 4 at SecState. 8+4=30. Math checks out.
