@jrt67    where's the turkey?
Just like to relive the Glorious November 2016 election of @realDonaldTrump
i like it better now. win win win
American has always been great.  You will put us in harms way. You have divided this country.
Yes he has divided us
Doing my part.

YES SIR! MR PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP, MAKE USA GREAT AGAIN!
How is he making American great what by rehashing hatred and lies everything that come out of his mouth and who have relations with our enemies rusia
You will destroy your beautiful Country. Poor America.
draining the swamp would cause ecological imbalance and the death of many creatures and plants
AND- where would Shrek go???@realDonaldTrump

:So thankful for you !!! We just want Hillary Clinton put in Jail she should pay for her CORUPITION!!
YES!! Out her away !!!
在中国最邪恶的公孙轩辕黄后代人有6亿人以上和国家总统、要黑死做死所有民族人，公孙轩辕黄的后代人和当官是世界上最黑最邪恶不是人类来的还活着、最邪恶的公孙轩辕黄后代人ISIS和当官有朝一日快死完吧 要么对不起全世界人。抗议
Among many things I am grateful for; I Don't Have To Listen To Hillary's Harpy Disgusting Rants - Ever Again!
Thank You!
A year later, and she still won’t shut up. Would be a nice thanksgiving this year if she got a muzzle for her face.
Every day just gets better! Thank you Trump and Family.
I  U @realDonaldTrump  HAPPY THANKSGIVING MR. PRESIDENT #magafam
Happy Thanksgiving beloved @POTUS
Just learned there were articles written in 2016 on some of Donald Trump speeches can be overlapped with Hitlers message how factual is this
@ImChlolo ehhh
Thank you for giving me a future to look forward to. God bless your family
West Virginia miners man who owned part of the mine that killed your miners is going to be part of the Trump Finance Team
He lied to you miners but you think this is making America great again?
Everyone I know is so excited to have you as President! Yes, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! God Bless the USA!
. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN how about. " MAKE AMERICA BETTER " with no hate no killing no racism no discrimination
# I'm so disappointed in you letting Hillary off the hook. I believed everything you said and she needs to be prosecuted.
anyone can write anything. Doesn't mean it's true.
Enjoy this! It's spot-on, you narcissist!
Three years from now I can see Trump breaking into a hotel room in Vegas and stealing autographed pictures of himself.
]ClimateChgIsReal.I usedToNotBelieve-CaprioDocWasTerrifying
PLEASE WATCH -FtBallFieldLengthMeltedN
lessThanA Week-1/2°Diff <
Congratulations on assuming office as US President. Best wishes in leading USA to greater achievements in the coming years
I think Mr Trump is what the USA needs to be great
i like Trump
no.
go, Donald!
It would be nice to see a tribute to our fallen policemen other than celebrities, as the police are our true celebrities!
not until u tell us how? and be transparent while doing it. u will encounter resistance until u comply
how are you ?
got my #MAGA merch!! Giving as Christmas gifts!!
do you really think that,your racist,you cant even build a wall soo why true .You could at least make difrent change!!
@MrsVanessaTrump task
can you please stop tweeting. You just come off childish. Please stop.
great absolutely fabulous choice Rick Perry you won't be sorry
I don't like the 'swamp' analogy...swamps are biotopes and a very healthy part of nature-
YES! Stop DAPL !Stand UP for Standing Rock! Right Wrongs! BE GREAT !
Hillary won by 2.85 million votes
A hacked country following a monster.
You are only concerned with making Russia great
make Bill Clinton wet again
When did it stop being great, You circus clown?
we will America great again.
We are great and will be long after you are a black mark in our history
Let's go Donald trump baby
asshole
So thankful for u a November to remember! Please be SAFE prayers always with you so many pray for you each and every day!
@MrsVanessaTrump @TiffanyATrump  @TIME #xijinping #泛亚 事件本质就是云昆政府导演的官骗! http://dlvr.it/MYNL40  https://twitter.com/981fy/status/792546268924878848/photo/1pic.twitter.com/ZGZZSoo489 
are you saying it isn't great now?
The Chinese people quietly watched the United States perish under the rule of Trump。kkkkkkkkkk
I SURE HOPE SO!
WHEN WAS AMERICA EVER GREAT
America was never great...
Them injun's getting all uppity again tho - them sour faces never seem to get into the spirit of Thanksgiving.
make America great again? DOES THAT MEAN YOU ARE EMIGRATING? Best news ever! 
AND WHILE PRESIDENT OBAMA WAS OUT SERVING THE CITIZENS DINNER, WHAT WERE YOU DOING?  STUFFING YOUR ORANGE FACE, NO DOUBT
You and your "Hitler-like" views are diguisting. You should not be a president
you know you can go back to Russia if you like
I have a question was this slogan designed by a third grader? Because it honestly sounds like a third grader wrote it
You will try to make America HATE again and we the big hearted people of America for whom you work will resist evil ways.
You are just making America uber-bigoted again.
Blackmail, cans that ring for a piece of cake
i hope you celebrated by getting dysentery
America never stopped being great
This makes you a bigot fyi
America is already great thanks to President Obama
You almost ruined my Thanksgiving, and everyone else's that I ate with. We are all dreading your Presidency.
This is getting old. When are you going to get it? We already are great!!! Great but imperfect
I am happy that this is the new direction of our country. I will support your efforts.
, AMEN And GOD BLESS AMERICA!
yes you are kind of like Columbus, taking over land that was never yours, rape and pillage yup ..
you spelled "white" wrong.
we were great, with you at the helm we won't be much longer.
It is great. You are not.

@tata55rose@gmail.com.     Thank you on a late thanksgiving  from all of us...
You still haven't defined the "again" in this slogan. Because wasn't there a song about your shitty dad 60 years ago?
very easy to say you'll do something, a little bit harder to follow through on that. Which I know you won't, and cannot.
Don
If I can help ,let me know
As long as your Viagra prescription doesn't run out
Win Win Win & you DID IT -- I just knew you would win the Primary & the General to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain w/#AmericaFirst
Yes we will and we r glad to have someone who cares about America
what do you mean by make America great again exactly?
How? And how is not great?
happy Holidays mr. trump 2 u and your staff...
We are having our first kid thanks for fighting for a better tomorrow for all the little ones.
America is great already. Don't be so negative.
great job on the Carrier deal. I will buy a carrier my next air conditioner
#notmypresident never. Make America hate again
You won't
Just say whats in your heart Make America white again
don't forget about Herman Cain.
Praise be to God!

How do you make this message reach the poor?
thank you, but this slogan makes no sense to me!  Bring wealth back on shore?
RUDY!
Amerika was great until you came along
let's make America Great together.  I believe in the growth and opportunity. The group in the administration are successful
You are what is wrong with America so in order for you to make it Great you would have to leave!
You mean THANKSTAKING GO TO STANDING ROCK ,IF YOU'RE SO GREAT.
Congratulations Sir, a well fought election, great strategy, pls do not let HRC off on poss espionage, selling USA intel
the only turkey I see here is orange
Only if you're not our president
A holiday celebrating illegal immigrants and genocide. Happy TG to you to bro #ResistTrump #notmypresident
Hey friend, can you be more specific? How do you define great?
@DonaldJTrumpJr #HOW
Happy thankesgiving mr. Presdent i love you god bless all your steps
please NO Romny. "Make America Great"
We are thankful for you!!!  God is so merciful!!!
It's already pretty great. I request that you don't ruin it. So far just division and bullying. Hope Melania can stop that.
Like when women couldn't vote and certain people weren't allowed on golf courses? #Wrong #Sad
like when? Before unions? Before workers had rights? Before child labor laws? Before women had rights?
would that be before the immigrants arrived? From Europe?
America was never 'not great'.
Make America Great with a President who is going to Tweet his way through the Presidency!
Make America Great Again and add to DC Swamp. There is no draining it is pump into DC Swamp flood it!
With Price taking away Medicare and Medicaid reduced SS no birth control return of Emergency Room Health Care
Make America Great again with Team Trump Secretary of Treasury who took away people's homes and got paid by government!
West Virginia Miners, Soros who knew mine was unsafe is head for Team Trump Finance. How is that VOTE now?
Happy belated Thanksgiving, sir!  These crazy liberals are giving me a migraine!
consider how union labor will make America greet and support it. They supported you because they didn't think the FEMA did
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ,, MAY GOD BLESS YOU.
can you make melania's face great again?
@MrsChavezMoreno your bff
amen! Thank you Mr. Trump & Mr. Pence.   You've really inspired my kids. A lot!
what a stupid slogan! When america not a great nation? yeah mayb when bush-the-idiot destroyed economy w/ wars u supported
How will we know when we achieve that goal?
Thank you.  I posted on fb to pray for you, and got some responses back from "friends" said fuck no. They're ignorant,prayg
Happy Thanksgiving to you. Please get some rest I know you will glad to have a vacation!
it used to be great before this election now it's a joke
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AND SAVE THE ISRAELIS AND THE PALESTINIANS FROM THEMSELVES
Eliminate the health care mandate!
How can we make America great again when you are giving all of these bozos appointments? Think conservatives, conservatives
Great D-when was America NOT great? I do not remember when that happened. Please give the day, year and time
#dinald do u think Putin needs a blow job
America IS great. Right now. Have you BEEN to a less fortunate country?
Please, Please let me know ASAP when we've achieved full greatness! I might be napping but I keep my phone on vib #MAGA2017
What Era are you refuring to? When was America so "great?"
I hope that is true...too much hate in world especially what just happened at Ohio State campus
@Stop_MegynKelly Rudy for Sec of State... NOT Romney
same to you and your family… hope you had a good holiday.
when was America actually great?
When was America Great? Please Answer!
America has always been GREAT. Until Trump came in
Counting on you Mr. President!
only your rich white friends. You LIAR
I thought you were doing this alone...  "I alone will make America Great Again", wasn't that what you said?
Please define what you mean by great. You've kept us in suspense long enough.
