How do you lie so well? You're continue to tell the American people alternative facts (lies). Please lie under oath!
All the while, he's selling your country to Putin to pay back what he owes. When it's over, what will you have besides a hat made in China?
I guess you knew a bett America but I think America went straight down after 9/11 ?
Just saying
we support trump in Washington and clean up the corrupt mess at home in local and state governments
An inept FBI,NSA AND DOJ only creates conspiracy instead of truth and justice.
@ricnaddal w/ Ģod's guidance and help of course for ignoring Him/His Word a huge part of it
yoûre right
How you feeling about the swamp and federal investigations now?
yes!!! Vote Trump
#ImVotingBecause My parents didn't come here to have corrupt politicians rule over us!  we came for the America Dream #LatinosWithTrump 
And the DOJ.
.@realDonaldTrump 
As POTUS wrote, "The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU."
When are you going to set Jeff Sessions lose on these criminal liberals like sharpton and mccain, both tax dodgers and traitors. #LockHerUp
@ClintonIsACrook I think this is a bunch of bullcrap
no we will stop the corrupt YOU
@bama_flora Corrupt machine? You make a cabinet of oilmen? Swamp filling rapidly!
and so I'm wondering........"WHEN IS HILLARY GOING TO BE INDICTED?"
Ok,
We stand behind you and AMERICA! MAGA!! 
You certainly give new meaning to "corrupt machine"! No worries, we're on it.
Yes we are saving America. We are saving her from you and your con-crew out to screw America.
You are absolutely right, Donald. And that's what's happening today. #resist
Agree  100%
I'm Glad Your The Next #POTUS I can't wait to See the U.S Great Again! Your the only one who can do it! #45 #POTUS #MAGA
please remember that to sweep corruption under the rug is to allow the monster to grow stronger in future days.
American people- UNITED WE STAND, Divided we fall! vote Trump for a chance or Hillary to embrace crime and pay for play
seriously, you thought Trump was the honest choice?
@VoteDemDownBallot @VoteBlueDownTicketToo @VoteDemInNov @UniteBlue @FlipItDem  @realDonaldTrump That's why we're with her
Why? She wasn't with you.
Sure #comradetrump Sure thing. @realDonaldTrump We will not let you bring the #reddawn LIberty for all
#TrumpColluded
@EricTrump blacks & whites we both will B on the plantation as slaves when the DEMOS GET THRU WITH US THATS THERE PLANslave
Nice
But the truth is do our votes really count. Nope. The results are going to prove that. #RiggedSystem
Such BS!
America got your back DJT ! Just watch your 6. HRC and the Hilbots silence means they are plotting something.
SHARE : LIVE Stream: President-Elect Donald Trump Rally in Fayetteville, NC 12/6/16 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLWfTU8HpsQ …
And just so you know you are not above the law#Emolument Claus in the constitution
Dear Mr Trump please tell the American people what it feels like to pull off the ultimate Con-Boy you were good
Trump. You're just making America worse. Stop encouraging people to be sexist, racist, homophobic and so on. Just stop, k?
As was proven  by the people demanding your   name  be removed from their apt building.
@realDonaldTrump
what are u gonna do jail everyone that don't respect you sure that will be half the country #We don't like you
YOU OF ALL PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT CORRUPT THINGS I'VE SEEN IT ALL
no need to keep lying you won now you and all your little minions can wreck the country happy now
you really should stop lying to the american people,your entire campaing now prez-elect is and has been one big ass scheme
trump kutta
I have followed you all the way and am so happy you won the election! My 3y/o son asks everyday if he can visit you  
i hate you
The GOP is the corrupt machine!
goood Trump
#vote
I stand with @Sen_JoeManchin and agree that country comes before party and politics. @NoLabelsOrg
as a white male who is a republican and voted for you,   Put an end to the hatred, we are all Americans, lead that way
don't EVER step down to these puss snowflakes protests
Good job on the call to the slain cop's wife.  VERY classy!  VERY good!
Let this president #repealAEDPA after over a decade of unconstitutional suspension of  habeas corpus under Bill Clinton.
we did it President Trump
please remember this when you choose your cabinet
I need a job
this ad you did was fantastic! Drain the swamp!!!!Don't take any unnecessary security risks! I worry about your safety!!!
Making America Great Again
Am inspired
- put term limits on all politicians,  they bleed taxpayers. We need new People w/ integrity, people who actually care, TY
you will be successful only if you keep God Head of your Cabinet.
Praying for you.
Congrats, President Trump! Lots to unwind, yu r an amzng talent. I'll breathe easier whn an originalist sits on SCOTUS!
We love you, Malania and your wonderful family. We wish you happiness and great success!
I approve your manifesto! We love you Trump!
you really good sir God bless you
no they are not payed by the media they are truly disgusted by the thought of you being our president#NOT MY PRESIDENT
#TrumpRedWall God bless President Donald Trump & Family @TeamTrump  @MELANIATRUMP @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump
WELLDONE
you are corrupt

@realDonaldTrump
God Bless your team!
Congrats. Now make us proud.
you are absolutely #notmypresident
Jesus will Help You!
Mr.Trump, please withdraw the US forces from Japan!
-You are foolish to think you can change all of this in 100 days. You can't just say " You're fired!"
I'm wondering how long my wife and I will be married now. How long it will take for you to change that. Goodbye security.
#assassinatetrump Why bother rioting when so many Americans have guns. Wait for one of his public speaches, snipe him.
#assassinatetrump
Congratulations!!
the only thing that's corrupt is you DT. Shame on our nation.
congrats on your win.  Highly successful business man, let me know if you need help
and he will start a war..impeachment time
Oh we stopped it all right!!!
our god man donald,  i like how you do it
awesome job Sir!  God bless you and Mr Pence!!! Thank you for saving the USA
still think it's rigged? Still hate the electoral college? You lost the popular.
voters will have buyers remorse within a year. Just like BREXIT
Congrats President Elect. We did this together. God Bless you and Mike Pence and your families! Make America Great Again!!
congrats President elect, good job!!
Congratulations Mr. President!
I didn't vote for you but I'm going to have an open mind.  Please don't take away my marriage.  It means a lot to me.
! Amen! God and Jesus Christ will help you and all of us make our country great again!!
call Mayor Scott D.Galvin, Woburn 781 897 5901, Got no thanks for MA, OH, 2 yr volunteer, 2 yrs! raised $, Gen Todd Elliott
Slaved Volunteer, No Card No Thanks fm, call pls Gen.Todd G. Elliott, POC Mayor Scott D. Galvin Woburn MA tel 781 897 5901
Congratulations, Mr President! You are chosen to lead this nation. Stand in the Light of our Father and receive!
How could you forget to publicly thank Mike Pence?
I think Trey Gowdy would be an excellent Secretary of State or somewhere on your staff. God Bless you in the days to come.
I also don't think you should be giving Hillary to much slack now that the campaign is over.
Congratulations Mr. President. I just hope and pray that you will fulfill the promises you have made to the American people
you are the corrupt machine....
Congratulations President Trump. We all believe in you. Make us proud.
I am a deplorable. I am not an uneducated white male like the media claims I am. Praise God for this election result. Happy
congrats! Been a supporter since day one. Keeping my yard sign for 2020. Now let's take our country back.
Congratulations! Thanks be to God, you did it!
congrats Mr Trump
I really didn't like you
Congratulations and good work
Congratulations President-Elect Trump...what will you do about student loans for parents and students?
congratulations from all of us
Congratulations President Elect Trump!
congratulations!
congratulations. A pardon for Julian assange & Edward Snowden?
If making the US great again consists of making a rapist, orange,deluded, racist man president then I'm praying for the US
congrats to you Mr President
you did it Ma man!
congratulations first person
congratulations president elect Donald Trump. You have showed me how not to give up in once quest .
#Healing through #ServantLeadership ... balm from Gilead for the unimaginable sufferings borne from corrupt governments 
Congratulations on your hard fought Victory!
How might I schedule a coffee with you to discuss  very important projects?
Mr. President, we are with you.  Surround yourself with those who share your vision, like me.
Mr. PRESIDENT, we are with you.  Surround yourself who share your vision, like me.
business man to business man Mr. President please hire me to help you make America great again
Mr. President I would greatly appreciate you giving me a position within you circle at Pennsylvania Ave. #draintheswamp
Megan CNN Kelly still can except her loss
go trump...
Hillary's just waiting for us all to go to bed so she can cheat and try to steal the election!
I am not a robot but nice try... I can still reach you for the light is on my sifey
Indian Hindus love Donald Trump
川普冻蒜
we the people responded. Now is your turn to stop it
We are so happy in our household!!!
quit talking bad about yourself, didn't your mom teach you manners,if you don't have anything nice to say then don't say it
...it's a gonna be close, Don, but we'll make it!!  [[]]
This Celebrity Apprentice finale is the best one yet #ElectionNight
please make
american great again
GO TRUMP or get Stumped!
I am praying you win President Trump!!!
absolutely can't wait
you lost it yourself
I voted for you Mr. Trump!!! So proud of you no matter what happens!! You are a winner!!!
Estás bien pirado mijo.
I did!
@nurseamer
God's Will be done. May He Bless us again as a Nation through your Leadership, Mr. Trump, & make America Greater than EVER.
Make the World Great Again, Mr Trump!! 
Good luck tonight Mr Trump. Trump train full throttle ahead.
God bless you Mr. Trump!!
WOW You are a real leader #Onceinalifetime
YOU ARE WHAT IS CORRUPT! You don't even trust your semi illegal wife to vote for you!!!
thats right!
I thought you alone could solve all our problems.
