If folks report his account for abusive trolling, do you think Twitter will ban him? Asking for a friend. Happy New Year!
Definitely against their Terms & Conditions. We should report it, at least so WWIII won't be launched with a fucking Tweet!
He kinda fits the criteria, including the 3rd option. #Russia
I vote for hacked...surely a real person who is President ELECT isn't this petulant and ridiculous. Right?  RIGHT?
petulant obama can't help being a sore loser....
You DO realize that he wasn't running for a 3rd term, right?
Little donnie, 
You

Are

The

Worlds

Biggest

Cunt

#ConManDerpInChief
omg I love your hashtag.
leave you're not wanted
Depends. Many people advertised their desire to depart the U.S. If Trump won #truth
U seem to have forgotten that U lost the popular vote by almost 3 million but we haven't...

Applying the same logic, 71,208,980 Americans voted against Hillary clinton.
Yep . . . see that almost 3 million difference?
At the end of the day, you can choose to cry, but he still won so..
I'm not crying. Be laughing soon when he is up against Congress.
Be laughing soon when Hillary get's thrown behind bars.
.@realDonaldTrump bro
This is the kind of New Years eve post I'd make passive aggressively in middle school.
Clever!
don't think he would. Can't even put his own name and face on his Twitter account. Afraid?
I'd like to see your birth certificate... to make sure you're human.
this moron really paid for this tweet to get promoted...desperate to get noticed?
all that I ask is that you love me, and like me as well.
do you love trump?
no sane, intelligent person loves Trump. And he only loves the poorly educated.
but but but I thought love trumps hates? Love everybody and all that?!
he did just call ¾ of Americans his enemies....
and Hillary called half deplorable. Is it okay to hate her?
.@realDonaldTrump "Love your enemies, bless them who curse you, do good to those who hate you," Jesus 

Happy New Year
Likely @realDonaldTrump reply re Jesus: "I like ppl who weren't captured."
Jesus, what a loser - I like people that weren't crucified, ok?
you're an embarrassment.  I voted for you and this is what you do with your time?  Seriously. Grow up.  UR 70 years old!!
You do realize he was like that before you voted for him, right? That's who you voted for.
the difference is that there waa no worthy competitor then
yet you voted for him anyway? Woooooow. Welcome to ya next few years, petal!
don't  know that that means but hrc was the worse candidate of my 50 years
Donald is the worst candidate of the entire history of presidency, mate.
Obama in '08: "I may not have won your vote, but I hear your voices, I need your help, and I will be your President too."
pure class Obama is.
Never mind as a president. @realDonaldTrump is an embarrassment of a childish, petty, self-serving human being.
Nothing classier, than restarting the cold war on the way out!
I didn't realize Putin was on his way out. Did he stop murdering his opposition and journalists who cover him negatively?
You sure you're not talking about HRC?
I'm sure you own a HRC blow-up doll. Why are you obsessed with her? She's gone. Let it go!
we'll let her go when y'all do & accept your new POTUS... And yes he is, like it or not!
We'll treat ur POTUS- elect with the same dignity and respect POTUS received last 8 years.
you're a teenager grow the fuck up
- please - teenagers have the capacity for decency, to empathize and to reason - HNY!
Actually, no, the difference is that teenagers grow up. Something the soon to be Presidon't seems incapable of
What does "love" mean to you? Generally, but also in this context specifically.
"Fuck off, losers! Okay love ya bye!"
Being a petulant asshole is not a virtue. Kindness is.
what the hell is wrong with you?  Seriously.  Why would you post this?  Stop being childish and making me regret my vote.
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump you knew how childish he is, yet you still voted for him? What's the matter with you?
.@realDonaldTrump don't worry Donny, I fixed it for ya.
He should pay you a fortune for PR
his money is tainted. I'd settle for him leaving the country tho.
In a boat called the "New Titanic"?

After the captain says "fuck icebergs, we got this"
Oh, don't mind him. 
That's just @realDonaldTrump our silly madcap  president ; -P
Now don't forget! #DuckandCover
I think they're teaching that to kids here in Australia too since he umm won(?) the election
Not sure what the question mark is about. He absolutely won the election in the format it exists in.
When you have to say "in the format it exists in" everybody knows he didn't really win. #NoMandate #NoMajority #NoClass @ArsenalPie
You can't even say Happy New Year without being an obnoxious cunt.
That is exactly what I thought when I saw it.  What a crass POS he is.
are you actually serious or are you are trying to audition for Mean Girls 2?

As my friend just said, Wow...Donald, you’re like a child, just won your fist game of Candyland. Great message “President.”
:) yup NOT MY PRESIDENT.
Guess it's not your country either so leave.
 nope staying for as long as i can take it. #AmericaIsFucked have fun #trumpPuppets!
stay here and be ignored
and in the mean time i'll use the voice i have to speak out against people who endorse
but your voice is not being heard because it doesn't matter don't you understand
We are not your enemies, we are your constituents.
actually, we are not constituents of the President. He works for us.
4 years of Trump... Sad!
. @realDonaldTrump a recurring theme recycled for 2016
I'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
. @realDonaldTrump another oldie but goodie "enemies" tweet from the Donald
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all, even my many enemies (sometimes!).
Feel The Power
My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
only someone who knows he's really a loser is such a sore winner. Your father didn't love you. Deal with it already.
#MAGAChristmas @POTUS 
Just keep laughing at the haters and losers 
I’ve never felt so incredibly confident in my President as I do with #Trump #MAGAChristmas
Trump and his magic wand..
#Traitor!small hands; small dick; putin puppet!!!!!!!!! that is who @realDonaldTrump  is #IMPEACHTRUMP
This is what a real President does and says. You're not even half the man, and you never will be. https://youtu.be/JcLK9gzsxak 
Think of whom we're losing +what's next.. @POTUS always+Citizen Obama will #resist + @FLOTUS --I'm so crushed!
It's almost unbearable to think about it. We're going from the highest high to the lowest low.
please for the love of god make it your New Years resolution to stop tweeting.


There's a fella on my road reminds me of you, he watches discovery channel with a few cans and think he knows everything.
.@realDonaldTrump 97 years ago I had sex with your mom and I'm very concerned that you are my son. Very disappointed.
bless your heart you really just can't help yourself. At some point u must learn to fake being a decent human being. PLEASE
I actually prefer that he continue not the avoid the false pretense that he is qualified for the job.
ha, you have a good point there!
#WeThePeople #silentmajority Love @realDonaldTrump #HAPPYNEWYEAR
And no amount of winning can fix that. So yes, you won. *pat pat* If only winning were indicative of character.
He lost the real vote by three million ! So no, Trump is no winner .
by "real vote" do you mean the one that makes you president, or the one that doesn't?
By the " real vote ,"  we good Americans mean that the majority of Americans despise the bum Trump !
great assumption, will keep that in mind.
Not an assumption. Mrs. Clinton's BIG win is documentable. But happy new year just the same .
To: those liking this tweet... I play my violin 4u #soreloser, #crybaby, #popularvotedoesn'tcount
Yes, Trump the sore loser is now going to waste millions of taxpayer $$ to " investigate " his fraud !
Edited @realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump Happy New Year, you irredeemable sociopath whose lack of humanity never ceases to astound.
. Yes, woulda been so much better to let in another democrat so they can continue letting isis in!
where's all the ISIS? I don't see them... and I know what they look like, too. 
research!  Are you friggin kidding me!!!???
go on egg, enlighten me.
.@realDonaldTrump, read what Gerald Ford said about enemies and the media. This is how a grownup talks: http://www.epicjourney2008.com/2016/12/two-different-ways-of-talking.html …
it's a different media today than it was in Ford's day, used to report facts, now it's all op-ed's.
no, lol. Slight differences but there's always been a a crazy chunk.
now the crazy IS the whole.
did you just accuse media of being crazy while citing Breitbart..?
did u look at content? There are examples there of what I am saying?
I realize Americans are so fucking weak these days that we need a big bad wolf to blame all our problems on...
.@realDonaldTrump if you're serious about Jesus, I implore you to drop the vindictiveness. I didn't vote for you. I  am not your enemy.
.@realDonaldTrump ... in fact, I am a citizen in the country you chose to lead and a brother in the faith you chose to espouse.
.@realDonaldTrump ... and while I just don't see the world like you do and will resist your ideas, I will never call you an "enemy"...
.@realDonaldTrump ... because that is not the way of Jesus... and that is not who you are in Him.
All I have to do is repost my tweet from yesterday which you axed.
OH MY GOSH, STOP NOW! U'RE A TRAITOR AND AN IGNORANT FREAK! GOD HELP US ALL W. U IN THE WH! #RUSSIANHACKING @POTUS @FLOTUS
Liberal heads exploding all over the country! hee hee
Nope. Not even close. I am conservative(Trump NOT BTW) Here,we helped his petty, childish tweet hve manners.
hee hee.  Much Anger In You. I can guess who you voted for!
Not Hillary! But you assumed that didn't you. Someone angry doesn't fix Trumps angry tweets into happy tweets. 
No not that psycho!
check back with me in about 3 months and tell me how Trump is doing?
He will be on his way to jail.
Hee Hee. Dreaming.
‘What does a good president do?’ A good president tries to represent all of America.” http://www.wnd.com/2017/01/gingrichs-biggest-fear-about-trump-agenda/#iOCU0lBfUdLUA8uH.99 … @realDonaldTrump @newtgingrich
Exactly. That's why Jesus was so divisive. He was obviously way off with that whole "I come not to bring peace but a sword"
He does in fact have vile enemies @Big_Wilkie @DarleneHBrook @realDonaldTrump @newtgingrich @tgradous @DrSueDVM @pricklypear12 @bcwilliams92
Exactly!
So you were comparing @realDonaldTrump to Jesus? @Big_Wilkie @AwakeDeborah @newtgingrich @tgradous @DrSueDVM @pricklypear12 @bcwilliams92
Nope. Was saying Jesus said we would face enemies. Based on your logic-saying You disagree makes you satan, or something
Jesus is taking about the world @Big_Wilkie @realDonaldTrump @AwakeDeborah @newtgingrich @tgradous @DrSueDVM @pricklypear12 @bcwilliams92
Yes, and he chose Trump
lots of love haters (you know #Trump is going to make it great) admit you lost and get to work!  #Trump45
happy new year? Ya, right. You bully people, rant at ridiculous sNL skits, but then tweet this? Grab your balls & unite us
INCAPABLE of adult, humane thought or action.
re- @realDonaldTrump seriously!  I'm so disappointed!
Screw you! Show us the taxes!
.@realDonaldTrump
. @realDonaldTrump Either you have already given up on leading the American people as a whole or you never intended to in the first place.
- "Never intended to in the 1st place for $800., Alex." Biggest liar we've had in WH since Nixon, Imho.
Agreed.
- New "climate" calls for seat belts to be on & citizens buckled in for next 4 years. Thx 4 the follow & stay warm.
#Resist
Thank you Dee. Glad to meet you.
fuck you.
this guy just cannot show any grace or sense of compassion and unity.
it's crazy! He's our president show some care even for those who opposed you. Obama did that.
I know, that sounds like the reasonable thing to do.
Reading back through the childish garbage you spew, this is the worst. You're worse than Nixon, with your enemies and spite
Lost badly?  When they won the popular vote?  I don't think so.
you're a fucking disgrace. No one should be proud to have you as our President.
hey moron go over to the Middle East and see how long you get to keep your head, dumbass
I’ve been… a few times for work. Relax there, cupcake.
I'm very relaxed, we will have a person who loves our country and only wants to make America great again!
what does that even mean?
what. . .does what mean. . I don't know why all liberals want President Trump to fail !
that wasn't even English. Learn how to write. #ignorant
Maybe, u need to learn how to read, dumb ass
... @HamillHimself reads T***p's Happy New Year's tweet as The Joker:

I voted for you and I hope the rumors are not true what they called remorse please don't hire the taxes and don't forget
@trumpbigregrets @realDonaldTrump yep only lower for the wealthy. Kids are gonna be expensive
no
Our favorite part ? Idiot Pence/Trump losing the popular vote by three million excellent true Americans !
Out of 231 million eligible voters in U.S. 3 million seems petty to brag about. Electoral system is genius.
Electoral System used to be genius. Not anymore, now it's just another way for Republicans to steal Elections  .
this is purpose of Elec Sys. To keep 2 states, NY n CA, from drowning out the rest. Happy New Year!
No, it's improper to allow a minority of narrow - minded conservatives to take control of the majority of U.S.A.
U R missing my point. The EC system allows accurate representation of said majority, not popular vote.
It's now morphed into a broken system and is in need of repairs .
#SHEWON

I voted for you No place for personal comments on Twitter People will warm up to you if you utilize your personal nature.
No warming buddy. Worst approval rate since they started measuring. Lost popular vote. 46 of 58 EC votes
If you're going to cherry pick, he had won more Republican counties, 2,623, since Reagan, 220 that voted Obama
He actually won both the popular and the electoral. The initial count has been corrected.
He didn't. If popular vote counted Clinton would be the president. Those are facts
The initial count was corrected to show the higher tally for Clinton.#theminoritypresident
Ohhh yeah, that's funny.
Let's make stuff up as we go!!
As one of your millions of "enemies," Happy 2017! We will be watching every move you make!
Uh, maybe you need a time out.
Happy New Year Mr President 
All who love America and what she stands for, love you President Donald J. Trump. The others don’t matter.
Right on..exactly..If you don't like what PRESIDENT TRUMP stands for  = You have treason in your blood..and if you voted for Hillary = Go look at yourself in the mirror and give yourself a good smack
They are trying to load an entire year of Happy New Year from last year on some of our accounts. Don't fall for it. I am hacked they are posting what they call wiki leaks looks like gibberish.
From POTUS account
@tonyschwartz Donnie you sound like an insecure school yard  bully. No wait, you ARE a bully. #botus Bully of the USA
Merry Christmas:)
#MAGA #boycottTrumpinauguration #PUTINGATE #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #ElectionFraud #VladimirPutin #corruptGOP
thing that gets me,the slick #demlibs and their #leaks you can’t prosecute most because they are lies.Who would lie to make #potus look bad?
You're doing great, Mr. President.  Keep up the hard work to Make America Great Again.  It's going to be a GREAT NEW YEAR!
Remembering the days when America was represented by a mature thoughtful intelligent competent adult that we all could be proud of.
I think most know what to do -- IMPEACH YOU #ImpeachTrump2018
ICONIC
Your "many enemies" list seems to be growing Sir. Have a Happy New Year. Mueller is coming!
I love this tweet. It almost kicked Reagan off my pinned post. Almost. 
Keep fighting. We're fighting too. Screw the Left and GOPe. We. . . .will .. . . win.
#maga #covfefe @unseen1_unseen @FrantzRadio @WayneDupreeShow @SebGorka
Heading for DC tomorrow to take part in the greatest show on earth!
@darmstrong_17 lmao you would retweet this

you were quoted in a story by @mashable
Their hate had been going on for eight years. 

We Will support you and pray for GOd's help.
U don't even TRY to be correct @realDonaldTrump

Good morning sir, congratulations,
Haha... u have one of the lowest ratings of any president elect before inauguration.  Loser
It would be nice if we could celebrate News year eve at the gitmo zoo and view the new residents!
Narcissistic Personality Disorder. To you people can do something for you, or they are your enemy. Who even speaks of others with words like ‘enemy’? Maybe if you went to Vietnam you’d have a better sense of the meaning of the word.
I LOVE this guy!!! 
So refreshing 
#FuktheHATERS
I wish Hannaty from the news on Fox worked with you.  He always totally sticks up for you and he is right.
From your keyboard to God's ear.
We  our @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump!  Merry Christmas to you and yours!! 
Happy New Year...Thank God every morning when I get up you are POTUS!!!!
You seriously cannot be our President. To you, everyone is a "winner" or a "loser". Shame on you.
Humility is not one of character traits. Your arrogance will be your undoing.

Are you a 14-year-old girl who won the student council election? Your insecurity continues to astound me.
@gcamp4 They should makes
New Years resolution to be nice instead of naughty..
There's lots of room on the Train. Winning..
Carmelo Anthony #NBAVOTE
Kristaps Porzingis #NBAVOTE
Derrick Rose #NBAVOTE
Brandon Jennings #NBAVOTE
The free world hangs its head in shame. Happy new year tho!!
Message still applicable! Keep on winning DJT! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you DJT for your tremendous sacrifice to be OUR PRESIDENT!
you were quoted by @TIME
Welcome to the Whitehouse
You inherited a good economy with low unemployment and your polls are still historically low. Happy New Year!
Merry Christmasto you sir .you have made us so strong your doing a fantastic job as we knewyou would keep MAGA.We love you and stand by you
Your maturity level is astonishing. Let’s hope you grow up in the new year.


;-) You can re-tweet this on THIS Dec 31 & it is still relevant - ;-)
Why can't you just say "Happy New Year to all?" That would be MUCH better
The loser is Trump.  Lost by almost 3 million votes... such a loser
Happy New Year Mr President! Thank you!!!!!
did you make it past six grade? My nine-year-old isn't as catty as you are. But hey, way to bring the people together!!
Do you have enemies? If so ask yourself why. Stop assuming everything that pops into that cheeto brain is in any way reality.
You continue to insight violence & hate, continue to let people die while you steel to pay of your bigly debt. Why or where would you have friends?
I have pneumonia and haven’t eaten in weeks and only got to “Cheeto” before I was sidetracked and craving puffy cheetos 
Hope you feel better
Happy New Year to you and your family Mr President! AND thank you for all you've done for our country!
Happy New Years to the greatest and most brilliant president ever. 2020 coming and will vote for you. Will stand by you and you have done for us. Thank you for saving economy and all you do.
Merry Christmas to you and you Family as well Sir. America will have a Wonderful New Year thanks to you.. God Bless ... 
Happy Dear Healthy New Year to you and yours! Special to Lady Flotus who is so charming! <3
take your passive aggressive crap and shove it
The fact that Trump is a horrible little man wouldn't be so bad if he wasn't destroying America and everything we stood for before GOP greed took power. Divider-in-chief
what can we do but respect our country and our President TRUMP INTO MUSIC
America will just keep laughing at you and your  delusional thoughts. It will be a Happy New Year as soon as the gavel for you drops #Headlinein2018Trumpguilty
aint seen nothing yet!!!
Obama never said he had enemies. He was such a great president. So much class. One wife. Lovely daughters. Such a marvelous family.
in Indiana I am losing my medical insurance that I can afford it
@FumaiGavin hahaha this guy is an attention seeker. He mastered reality TV and celebrity culture
This the year of "The Trump". Give them HELL!!!
That's right. Many enemies. Cos no one likes you. Sad.
You sir are the most unqualified person ever elected to be POTUS. You will fail miserably because of this. May God Help Us!
HAAAA HAAA! #MAGA #TRUMP2020
@spangdangler

popular vote did NOT go to you.  You keep saying it was not true,  you don't know the meaning of truth.
If you don't pay taxes why do the rest of American people?

should act alike President but his tweets shows only a one thing... He's not good at his job! Change your attitude Trump!
Majority of us aren't your enemy and you're not our enemy. We try o point out things that the US gov is doing that it shouldn't be and hope you act on them. Happy new Year to you and your family
calling 69 million Americans your enemies will not help you Donald. Sad.
the common citizen. The people who don't have vast wealth. The people who live simple, modest lives. You don't serve just-
@dannyyea this is at the top for me.
PERFECTION! This will drive them insane and it makes all of us, your followers, roar with laughter. They just don’t get your sense of humor!
The enemies are called The American Majority.  They are citizens of this country that you are supposed to represent.  You cannot live up to that standard
Well nothing like christening the new year with some sociopathic narcissistic tweets, thanks Donald Trump!  U f'ing rock, NOT
Happy New Year
Happy New Year Mr President. 
God bless you. 
God bless America.
Happy New Year to you and yours!
You sir have no idea what Love Is! You are destroying our environment, our national lands and our democracy! I FEAR another 3 years of your illegitimate presidency!!!
Are you serious jack ass?
Thanks for a great year Mr President! Here's to 7 more! #Winning
DELUSIONAL!
Happy new year
I know exactly what to do, human smegma. Work hard to get rid of Republicans in the midterms to limit your damage.
don't talk as a young boy.it is high time for you to be mature
A true loser will never be respected.  U will go down in history as the biggest loser
Stephen Curry #NBAVOTE
Klay Thompson #NBAVOTE
Kevin Durant #NBAVOTE
Zaza Pachulia #NBAVOTE
Daymond Green #NBAVOTE
Your such a phony, step away from the Twitter its just going to bury you, also start looking for a new job, Cause this ones not working for you, Oh wait you can't you're gonna be in prison and so are your freinds, Hope you have that plane on stand by, Putin kills. his problems
Mr president merry Christmas. And can you give  America a present. Please arrest Clinton. Deport all illegals. And look the other way as patriots occupy sanctuary cites and. If need be forcefully. Remove illegals. And deny McCabe of his pension that's  a good preset JFK 2 SDD
And its Going to be a HAPPY BLUE YEAR, not so much for you ,,,
Hahaha! Good one!
your job is to serve ALL AMERICANS! You aren't allowed to have enemies. Grow up and do your job
Enjoy your day. What sweet karma that the "coffee boy" is the one who'll bring you down. #ItWasntTheDossier
Thank you Trump Family. Thank you God.
Yer ma wears fruit of the loom
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
