Political correctness equals respect.
19. Not only the average age of women you assault, but the number of days left until we REJECT your ass! #TrumpCountdown @realDonaldTrump
u mean compared to Bill Clinton rape cases and HRC slandering these women yea shes a real winner.
Sorry D, I guess your race is finished. Noone else to blame.

Hillary's corruption is beyond belief! #PodestaEmails13
wow, nice #PodestaEmails69 

lol
Really can you grow up and face that Hillary is lying to you and that ok
trump doesn't pay taxes doesn't use American labor he how can we trust a power hungry man to become president of are free world
when he can't even  admit to violating woman rights calling people liars is that the trash that America doesn't need
YOU STILL SUCK

your not stoping anything but your un deserved National exposure after 11/8. For that the majority is thrilled.  Can't wait
Follow me if you support Trump!


Totally agree put Hillary in jail as well as her husband
Well thank you I think we just want the truth without name calling
@pennymccarthy19 wouldn't that show the world we are a country worthy of democracy. Not perfect but can fix wrongs.
which wrongs are worse please let me know
all Clinton haters have spent millions on the best of lawyers trying to find proof. Have lawyers proved anything?
No because our government is impartial and Hillary lied just as Comey disagreed with what she said.
if Comey could of he would of charged Hilary. Not a fan of hers but needed proof to take to court. Wasn't there.
.@realDonaldTrump I love Trump and Pence, my conservative angels of doom!
If DT wants to win now's the time to run ads against Hillary during last 2 weeks. Use wikkileak exposures of corruption..
America would fare better if the Oval Office stayed empty four years, instead of you in there erratically tweeting up chaos
keep your opinion in India where you have your own mess. We don't give a damn what you think
but your bad choices cause outsized harm on the planet (remember George W Bush?) It's definitely everyone's business.
Bye Felicia
We need to do this and it is time to Make America Great Again.
Google:Did you mean _White or like Nazi Germany_
MAKE AMERICA GROPE AGAIN
All U.S. troops to leave Iraq by the end of 2011 http://wpo.st/zGS72  the agreement negotiated by the Bush #TrumpPence16
#CNN #FoxNews #News #Hillary #Trump How you can blame #ISIS on @HillaryClinton blame Bush for making this deal
drain the swamp starting with the swamp queen killary hillary
I want a president who can identify the enemy, radical jihadists...not stereotyping a religion, islam.
It is the duty of all American citizens to oppose ANY candidate who threatens not to abide by the results of an election.
You, sir, are a traitor and a scoundrel.
drain the swamp is an obscure expression -- not sure many will knkow what you mean
#CALL_FOR_DUTY
…http://just-a-thought-from-thinair.blogspot.com/2016/10/the-evil-plan-b-explained.html …
If not elected president, will you stop radical domestic terrorism by conceding the #election? #irresponsible #dumptrump
@MilJenmarie Did you see her hand gestures . She has to cheat at everything . Pond Scum
The only way she THINKS she can win.  Just not going to happen!
She has to cheat at debates. Going to be hidden until election.Hide and cheat is all she can do
You just sold weapons to the most important financer of terrorism, who founded the ISIS! They paid for 9/11! The '93 WTC bombing? Saudis...
I guess we should ask you how much your kickback is of the $110 billion deal is? You're the single biggest threat to world peace, Clownstick
she flips you the bird. No class
STOP GIVING AWAY UR PLAN
.@patcartelli @realDonaldTrump
It's OK. The entire plan is cleverly encoded within that apparently meaningless slogan. ISIS unable to decode
i wonder what the sudden obsession with swamps is @realDonaldTrump
Detailed plan encoded in mini-mini-micro dots in slogan text. Nobody knows more about CYBER than Donald
I think the first order of business Mr.  Presidnert is to stop, apprehend, prosecute and convict the DEMOCARTIC TERRORISTS
how about when your not elected will you find some class for yourself and #stopwhinning and concede the race
Am I the only one who'll tell you THERE IS NO RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country? You're in America. Remember?
odd... what were the brothers in Boston, the San Bernardino shooter, Fort Hood murderer, or the Nightclub killer in Orlando?
They were hateful killers who were Muslim. They were not al Queda or Isis. We're not under siege by Islamic terrorists.
did you see Hillary giving Trump the f finger...
@andersonDrLJA quit tweeting during dootball!
Good job! Good effort!
Pouring in eh? 
@realDonaldTumpr I am so glad she's not President!  I'm glad it's you, Sir! You're doing great!
You ARE the swamp
No you won't #TheDonald. We are no more than something you have deal with. You could care less about #TheAfricanAmericans
DT in the house
@lgmaterna Pull the plug and watch it drain down to the bottom and fill it with deplorables MAGA President Trump 
But you drained the SWAMP straight into the White House, you fraud, thief, Con Artist In Chief & number 1 corrupt politician in the world!
we love the good for all people , wehatewar. If you heard theopposite about us
should be looking for the our religion and the Prophet Muhammad , peace be upon him
dude you are done.
México is beautiful not my country but beautiful.  Do you go beyond your front porch? Smh @realDonaldTrump
well that explains it all then... poor dude? Girl? Anyways @realDonaldTrump
We need to stop RADICAL TRUMP TERRORISM on our constitution. Peaceful transfers of power at the core of American democracy.
How?
It's a secret. So secret that we ALL hope he keeps it to himself forever.
Maybe we can pay trolls to insult them or pay agitators to harass?
November 8th
Doubling trolls and agitators?
November 8th
Tripling trolls and agitators?  What?
Clinton should be defeated at all costs. By hook or by crook, we need to defeat Crooked Hillary.
go run for President smart ass !!!
Hey you
yes u smart ass
Haha, and who are you then? Oh God, I can't even think of a proper insult to you :)
u sounds exactly like trump, thanks! Attacking woman,  can't bite your tongue, congratulations!
And you sound exactly like Crooked Hillary. All the goody goody talks, but no substance at all! Pathetic!
thanks but i take that as a compliment regardless how u feel anout her
THERES NO STOPPING THIS GOOD LUCK.
I hope he will win it
sweet i dont
fuck I do
good talk
You are unAmerican.
are you kidding? He's running b/c he's 100% pro-America. He wants to end the corruption. #DrainTheSwamp
the Republicans have been in charge of the House, do you olan to DRAIN them too?
absolutely he will. That's what so great about #Trump.He will get rid of corruption. Unlike Hillary, no one has him in their pocket
you poor thing
it's okay Nancy. Small minds can't see the big picture. #DrainTheSwamp @realDonaldTrump
that's obvious
ignorance must be bliss for you to ignore everything Hillary has done.  Have a good day. #DrainTheSwamp
you too, you have my sympathy
and you definitely have mine 
Big "if" Donny. You just keep drilling holes in the boat to let the water out. It's a great strategy. You're a loser.

Clinton is the biggest debate winner ever, says @FiveThirtyEight

http://53eig.ht/2e9YzxF  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKM_lG3dkgA …

is donny williams, clinton son?
But Donnie, if you drain the swamp, who will you have left to vote for you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sLt_rMCGKk …
wow you wilk be in shock that your trump towers will be theres and then i will send you to sc so you van live with
my hopes of having a great president are shattered.. that cunt is taking the lead.
Oh shut up!!!
John Podesta on Hillary, "I know she has begun to hate everyday Americans" - what else do ppl need to hear.
no you won't
can you back hand that stupid smile off her face
Donald Trump may have just previewed his future TV network http://mashable.com/2016/10/19/trump-debate-surprise-press-conference/#q8vexozqZ05 …
Frontline"the rise of isis" shows little boys being radicalized HRC says the refugees are just women and kids WTH dumb HRC
that's a slogan not a plan.
That was another great example of points you should/should've been sticking to.
DONALD GET rid of All THE Snakes Who Infest The WHITE HOUSE.AKA OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY
It's too late BABOSO you've already lost the campaign!
what kind of person tells the world it takes the US 4 minutes to launch nuclear weapons. Dumb hillary
go Trump go!!
not in my swamp
who is she signaling, and WTHeck is she talking to? Ugh.
yes, the swamp of your brain needs to be drained.
@aliciakotze62 
Whatever be outcome of the mutual events so far, Donald Trump would be the best President of America. Time will prove it.
SHE ACTS SO HAPPY TO HAVE THEM.
In that 46 second clip u said ABSOLUTELY NOTHING OF SUBSTANCE! U hv NO PLAN & NO IDEAS! U spout off stats that aren't true!
Exactly how are you going to bigly, very, very, bigly accomplish. Please put into words that make sense.
how about doing something about the radical sewage constantly spewing from your blowhole of a mouth? #FirstThingsFirst
You can't STOP Tiffany from avoiding you from kissing her,how did you molest all those women?
STOP YOUR IMPULSES BE-4 ISIL.

and kill the swamp monsters !!

I'm voting for you DJT. But don't diss Bush anymore. He was the most honest cared about the troops never made that a headli
Wow, look at Hillary's nonverbals!
Is someone talking in Hillarys ear? She seems to nod her head in agreement at the most inappropriate moments.
LET'S JUST SEND EVERYONE NAMED TRUMP TO SIBERIA! AMERICA IS NOT A SWAMP, BUT #DonnyPeePants IS A DOUCHEBAG! @IvankaTrump
insane.. just insane
drain it of every cancerous cell starting with you and your supporters!
Hillary uses the weak to do her dirty work a devil wearing white pantsuit not to be trusted!!!!
no....no you won't. Just stop it already.
Right on donald Tramp
putting radical before a phrase to incite fear doesn't earn you respect. Nor does it stop the threat. "They're just words"
when Hillary talks about the Russia hacking. Then Russia hacked her unsecured server.
@JaredWyand It's over. You have momentum Donald you really do. You don't know me but if you did you'd realise I sense. 
LOSER
I never know when you're serious, so from now on I'll assume that everything you say is a joke. Much more entertaining...
.@HilaryClinton talks about No Fly Zones great catch phrase But it would be a declaration of war with Russia
Песец тебе, Америка! Извините
stop while you are a head
but you can't stop a 68 year old grandma from rigging and election 
Pulling for you Mr Trump. Beat that lying heffer.
.@realDonaldTrump - What about radical Christian terrorism like the kind that was foiled last week in Kansas? -- #Elections2016  - #GOP
we need to get rid of u #draintrump
but you won't. Stop with the pipe dreams 
how though?
don't need you to do that. Ten times grester chance of getting hit by lighting than getting kill by a terrorist in US
George soros Rigged Voting Machines in these 16 states! Is your state on the list?
clown
The swamp that is your history of tax evasion does need draining, Mr. Tump; pay your taxes.
D yes drain the swamp!
where is FBI to investigate voter intimidation with DNC /Veritas disclosure of inciting violence. @CNN @FoxNews @FBI
of you drain the swamp waht will shrek think
Calling them radical doesn't mean OUR PROUD MILITARY ISN'T DOING THEIR JOB. THAT IS A POLITICAL TALKING POINT.
i dont know either hopefully they will wake up this is not the time for a historic event
begin with secretary Clinton
will cause the greatest Democratic landslide since 1964 !!!
We are going to need the Meanest of Junk yard dogs as an A.G.
You're doing great!
loosing to a girl.   ? ....Goodness !!!!!!
she's laughing at you because you are delusional

 – at TCC West Campus
lol granny gave you the bird Trump. Take her down!! Trump 2016
I always wonder why they don't say it either. Wtf
people were worried about that in the UK. Not one attack since home grown attack TWELVE YEARS AGO
D-E-L-U-S-I-O-N-A-L    Won't happen. AMERICAN'S are not so dumb as to elect you. THAT SIMPLE. Try another reality show
I cant believe she actually gave out classified info on National TV our response time in case of an attack. How stupid.OMG
how devastatingly bad have things become when a Clinton can breach National Security with impunity
. VOTE TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
no worries Donald you won't be elected
Navy SEAL Team 7 HRC no involvement be4 during or after bin Laden mission
you going to sue them?...
@KatrinaPierson http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-vladimir-putin-footage-russia-relationship-us-2016-8#Taxes …
If elected ( never) you will be put our great country in chaos!!! NO FUHRER Dfrumpf!!!
rid America of radical Christian terrorists #KKK
The only thing you need to stop is your campaign.  You're embarrassing yourself, your family and our country.
WITCH!
@GOP U need 2 crawl back n2 the East River where u came frm, #TrumpTheRump.#HastaLaVistaBaby #Debates2016
YOU live in the swamp that needs draining...#StrongerTogether
drain the swamp?! Seriously?!
You foreign policy last night stunk.
We stand behind you don't let these people who are just angry cause they lost. I know you are the best for our USA
every attack in this country has been by home grown terrorists, including one from Manhattan.
u stop whining !!!
Good luck old mate ... Collusive Clink-ton Network with USA is now a cesspool Ur up against it.

https://www.google.com/amp/www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/amp/karena-virginia-becomes-tenth-woman-accuse-trump-sexual-misconduct-n670146 … #unfit #notokay #VoteYourFuture #deplorable #sexualpreditor #compulsiveliar
Do Methodist Support Planned Parenthood & Murder of the Unborn? Sounds Like BAD Religion!
But who will stop you?  Delete your account

I don't know how this could be address, so you understand
You'll never be POTUS. You need to #FaceTheMusic!
what is your plan?  How are you going to do it?  How much will it cost Americans?
http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/national-international/Another-Woman-Set-to-Accuse-Trump-of-Sexual-Misconduct-397756311.html?_osource=SocialFlowTwt_NYBrand …
Sure that tie of yours is loud enough? If you wore anything else, would your head fall off?
HI @realDonaldTrump https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLv9aX_nLnQ …  #DrainTheSwamp
he would not be like this but he is not mean he's doing what needs to be done to keep American citizens safe
Shrew Hiliary, a champion of malfeasance, must be defeated by the Donald
do U believe that the Supreme Court should  make rulings based on UN Policies instead of the Constitution? #ParentalRights
U CANT STOP URSELF, MUCH LESS ISIS, U LYIN RACIST HYPOCRITE #NEVERTRUMP PAY TAXES, U LIAR
.@realDonaldTrump
whats with that runny nose? and tears? broken up over open borders #debate
they embedded an electronic device2 program her answers in her nostrils. shes2 boring2b coked up #debate
Yup
What Radical Islamic Terrorism are you talking about?
@KatrinaPierson GOOD JOB LAST NIGHT MR TRUMP. PRAYING FOR YOU.
you lie..! @washingtonpost @USATODAY @nytimes
will ...
uh huh. What about radical Christian terrorism!?
and cous war between  American  and immagrants and let more diseases in he'll maybe if the would wasn't like it was to day
