.@realDonaldTrump You are going to be THE PRESIDENT. Stop tweeting every congratulations you've received and go get a security briefing.
Sore Winner in Chief
Sounds like someone else is sore.
I'm sure Trump is anything but sore right now lol
Considering he lost the popular vote by about 3 mil. & his Electoral College victory is ranked 46 in 58 elections... @Wesley05663
alsol lol, you're a twitter egg defending trump to a foreigner with no power. you go! @Wesley05663
Here's another twitter egg for you. Excited?
I get such a kick at what some feel is important in life. LOL
your tweet manages to be both confusing and boring. @Feedbak1O @Wesley05663
this is what's on your mind right now, not the state of the world & the shit that went down yesterday
you do realize the ACTUAL president at this time is golfing! Where is his concern?
do you realize that excuse expires in like 30 days. ?
so glad I will never have to watch that piece of shit go golfing again while the world is crumbling
Yeah, we'll just get to watch the new guy tweeting.
yeah but I bet he doesn't let the enemy cross the red line 20 f-ing times! Tough guy NO!
Unless they take a drone and offer it back, then they can just keep it.
who the hell cares it was an exploration drone it didn't kill people, like ur O'FUCKWAD
Rome is burning. People were terrorized & killed yesterday and this Douche Bag tweets this.

#notmypresident
Don, you can stop the lies. We know you know that Putin helped you. You still lost the popular vote by 2.8m.
There,there...
Hey, is that you, front row?
shouldn't you be focusing on the attacks that have happened in the past 24 hrs, not a who-called-who argument?
He did. You either missed it, or just ignored it. He is multi tasking.
Tweeting about it doesn't exactly count.
you dont get to decide what's good enough.  Good grief! #MAGA.
That's a main reason we have an election every 4 yrs.
We don't have elections for the losing side to dictate what they want....LMAO
Whether we voted for the elected president or not, our power to vote or speak our beliefs is not forbidden.
.  nobody said it was.  Speak all you want, but dont get all indignant when you're corrected.
Your pettiness knows no bounds.
Ooooh such a tough guy hiding behind his sunglasses typing away.
You're the first 11-year-old Trump supporter I know of, Bev.
That's your best shot? Go to sleep.  From here forth I'm only replying to intellectual, thought provoking replies
Oh, sweetheart. A peach like you doesn't deserve my best.
Don't make me vomit.
You already did that with your vote.

.@realDonaldTrump While misery in Syria continues, Italy tries to save its banks, and China issues smog alerts, this is what you care about.
you might want to address your comments to Bill Clinton
Bill Clinton is not America's next president, so it doesn't matter very much what he chooses to care about.
Donald Trump is going to be the next leader of the free world, but he doesn't seem to care much about it
Guess you missed where Bill was insulting him on  tv. Bill the rapist
No, I didn't miss it, I just don't think the president/president-elect should care.
Trump raped a thirteen year old
that'd not true. that got dropped because it was never true. Do research.
she won the popular vote by 2,8M
yeah? And he won the electoral college. Deal with it.
i never said he never did, i just said that majoirty of the americans do not support him
Obama has divided us. By campaigning & insulting TRUMP whilst doing it just like HRC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POknBOcSLwY …
Here’s one thing @realDonaldTrump and I can agree on — I called him after the election.
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ...
Instead of President-elect, we should refer to Donald Trump as President-lost-by-over-two-million-votes?
learn how our country works....
it doesn't matter . We know how it works. We also know how winners should act
let's get over the drama and move on as a country.  I didn't vote for Obama, but supported him
Sure you did.
I call @realDonaldTrump President baby cock or President Putin's Cuck.
We want to move on but DJT's Tweets won't let us!

u mean #HillaryClinton right oh wait there is no presidential term in her future #HillaryForPrison
you know Trumpster lies. NEVER intended to even try and imprison HRC. So many lies
Oh Jesus, this Orange Trump freakazoid just made me blind 



so petty
Proof.
go to bed little boy. When you pay taxes then you can have an opinion
life is too short to be an asshole :-)
.@realDonaldTrump you truly are a small, pathetic, whiny little loser, aren't you?
ur lower lip still quivering loser..  ha ha!  @realDonaldTrump
oh that's right! Because listening to cockservatives whine the last 8 yrs wasn't patheric
Is this you?

I hope the next meeting goes better for your guy
Trump told Obama there's more to the job than he thought, calls him for advice. Clueless?
No one cares. America wants jobs and justice. Will you deliver?
Nope. Ask Jersey. Ask Palm bch county, fla. Ask all the contractors he hired,didn't pay then sued. So NOPE!
I wouldn't pay them either if there work was crappy!
Their work wasn't "crappy"
Trump revels in these contractors work. Denial does not erase facts!
If it was fact he'd have his money.  Good grief
where's the proof???????
.@realDonaldTrump Sweetheart we hoped once you were elected the pettiness would die down but you need to buck up and be a big President.
But it's sooooo hard with these teeny-tiny hands.

hiring tip: never hire Electoral College graduates - they only go to class once every 4 years. Also, it's not a school.
Still more selective than Trump U.
He's a fucking national embarrassment, man. I mean, he won! Why is he STILL going after the Clintons?
why would you care about such a small distinction? Good god you're petty
"Petty" is attempting to steal an election via EC coup in response to olive branches by the PEOTUS.
lol you and I have different definitions of petty then. Either way, I didn't support that. And it doesn't make Trump NOT petty
Well, the people who did support it have put you in a bad situation.
you're right, if I'm held responsible for the sins of others. Luckily this isn't the case in America (yet)
I'm saying every escalation like the coup makes it harder to get back to what people claim to regard as "civility."
You won the presidency. Congrats! Too bad you aren't popular. SAD
There,there...

Footage of Mike Pence exorcising the homosexuality out of me at Conversion Camp https://twitter.com/RicheyCollazo/status/802789435813150720/photo/1pic.twitter.com/ASfvTxpjft 
"America in the end time will force people to either worship or be punished." #TRUMP #DUMPTRUMP #FRAUD #LIAR #DEMAGOGUE
Dumbest thing I've seen ever



@kimmie8264 @realDonaldTrump As a US citizen and thus your employer, yes, Mr. Trump, where are your MF taxes?
Prøver du nu at høste likes og RTs igen.
Den lå i fingrene. Kunne ikke dy mig. Jesus 4 år mere med det her
TRUMP BABY
here's your president not respecting our flag...response?
Not trying to cause a scene, but not having your hand over your heart during the anthem doesnt equate to disrespecting the flag
does this?
difference btwn standing and not placing hand over heart. Soldiers salute during anthem, are they disrespectful now too?
And then you took your ball and you went home because Bill is a meanie pants right.
bill is a rapist...you endorse that u sorry excuse for a human?
Trump is, by his own words, a racist .. You endorse that sorry excuse for a human?
what words are those?  I want a quote.
trump said a fed judge born in Indiana could not do his job b/c of his ethnicity
where is that written? videoed? Cause he loves all Americans !
Here you go.
trump is saying he can't get a fair trial bc judge is biased.
dude, youve gone off the deep end. From calling him a monster when you know better to this childish shit...-
yeah well look how much corruption the polite ones bring, at least his ego is too big to hide shit. hes easy-
to hold accountable unlike thevalternitive who clearly hid things from us the entire time, just relax bud.
hes not president yet, he cant back out of them before getting the power to follow through.

Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
Focused on "important" things like who called who??!!
I see Trump calling Bill out for not being accurate when talking about him.

She won popular vote. Trump got lucky with electoral college and conveniently timed Comey bs
I envy your blind faith
I used to like petty before you 
and now you are showing how petty you can be.
and how petty were you the last 8 years? Is this the new Trumper talking point? "Petty"
I didn't hate on Obama for 8 years and I dislike Hillary and Trump so what does 1/2
a person like me. Hated Hilary, didn't vote her. But FUCK TRUMP!
doesn't matter. He is the president. Here's your pacifier. Have a nice day.
lol same ol GOP come backs. You people are hacks
no, just tired of a president that is leaderless. Don't lead from behind.
What do you expect me to say to that, Donald? After all, YOU tweeted ME?
shut up
: Who are you quoting here, sir?
Why? you looking to create some more fake news Eric? Loser
FAKE ACCOUNT FAKE ACCOUNT FAKE ACCOUNT @BigJBeezy is RUSSIAN TROLL BOT! FAKE FAKE FAKE
Must be all those Russians crossing the border in Texas! LMAO
hey, just so you know...Mexico is to the south of us. Canada to the north FYI
when did I say otherwise? The open border is down south.
most illegal immigrants are not coming from Mexico.
Maybe educate yourself before jumping in on something.
The tweet about the Chinese keeping our drone was funnier.
it was done to put China on notice.
don't you have more important things to worry about now Trumpy?
What about you, Ryany?? Don't you have better things to do than follow Trump all day??
yes I do but looking at your Twitter feed you clearly don't 
oh Jesus christ NO ONE CARES. GROW UP YOU FAT OLD BABY MAN.
I don't KNOW!!!!!!!!!??
HE WONT BE RAPING IN THE WHITE HOUSE ANYMORE!
no that will be trump why you think I can is moving to washington. Oh I suggest you keep 13 yrs blonds away
that makes zero sense 
actually it makes perfect sense. The whole campaign the media showed 3 different times trump wanted to screw
you should read your tweets before sending them
another racist democrat trying to fit me in their box, you're not original by any means, you're just sick
u have to pay $25 mill settlement by 1/18 for fugazi Trump University, might want to focus on that. http://www.politico.com/blogs/under-the-radar/2016/12/trump-university-settlement-filed-232839 …
insignificant- much like u.
defrauding hard-working Americans is insignificant? Fascinating.
they settled for far less..tell you aanything
they settled for 60 percent of the total $40 mill, but sure.
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-trump-lawsuit-idUSKBN13E0JX …
In March, he said "I Don't Settle Cases"
he settled it to get to work for us. Why did they settle for so much less.
prove it. Show us the incoming call to you. It's sad that no one believes anything you say. But also good. #TrumpLeaks
I thought the president of Taiwan called you.
The Taiwan Pres is is a woman. and you're an idiot.
I is is NOT an idiot TYVM!
-No Tony, you're just a sore "LOSER"!
not as big a loser as we all will be if Munichn gets treasury sec. Prepare for recession
Oh MY! Your "I'm with Her" Bumpersticker is not a PHD in economics..
come on tough guy. Or are you going to call me snowflake. Just like rest of his moronic voters
Your negativity reinforces the justified devil effect https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halo_effect#Reverse-halo_effect … that's been ascribed to you. Think about it.

you Trump, will destroy America, I wake up everyday and just want to leave USA, you will make "America Sick Again!!"

you racist Trumper, I will stay and make life for Trump and his Klan miserable!
Excuse me. I'm very sorry. I was checking my privelage-no worry. Still have it. Now, what were you crying about?
Crying? Give Trump a few months in office and you will have the same tears running down your face.
I'm crying right now from laughing so hard at a whiny little crybully who thinks anyone gives a damn if he is here or not.
So excuse me while I pick up my free Starbucks...White privelage secret. Shhhhhh...don't tell.
enjoy your coffee.

@SpartanBusiBee @realDonaldTrump 
What the fuck is wrong with you?  You sound like a 3rd grader.
you are an #Egomaniac who cares who called who...
please... stop sounding like you are five. I heard this from my 5 year old, "I know u r but what am I?"
my hope is that you will spend the next 30 days learning to become presidential and cut the tired snarky bully behavior.
Wow Donald,  you do a GREAT Alec Baldwin impersonation!  You sound just like him!
hillary song
Thats classic! Love the lyrics!
ty
classy.
This is not high school. Grow up!
Isn't there a completely inappropriate cabinet nominee you should be interviewing?
I'm sure your account's as accurate as your definition of "landslide."
you sound like a spoiled petty brat of a child. Its unbelievable that you won the Presidency of this great country.
Congrats on losing all Respect from Respectable People, Loser in Chief. Keep Failing Don the Con, Loving the shit-show.
why tf do you think this is important?
A président doesn't talk the way you're talking. Such a useless head of states. Feel sorry for America @realDonaldTrump @kamanda_kela
is the best président of USA. #MAGA
 @kamanda_kela @realDonaldTrump
that's funny, because you don't, either

he's just an 'angry white male'
@billclinton ..who follows HRC around with a shovel/scooper
GOTRUMPGO MERRY CHRISTMAS  to you & family best Christmas in 8 long horrible years BLESS YOU TRUMP
I have grown to love your leadership capabilities. Thank you Mr. President elect Trump
if trumo oppar reacts to blood sweat and tears my mom will buy me KFC,pls retweet this,pls im hungry
you're such a tragic man

I wish you would stop patting yourself on the back. It's annoying and not presidential.
You are a bore. Grow up.
Please stop saying stupid things
@glennwa1 he needs to tweet to offset all the wacko people trying to dilute his messages. Such a strong point. Keep it up
What are you? A baby?  Grow some hairs. Stop acting like mama's boy. #resistance
.congratulations Mr Donald Trump on your presidency .
Can you at least TRY to be mature & professional? You're in NYC. Take an acting class if you have to.Such an embarrassment.
.@realDonaldTrump  I don't know man, @billclinton knew how to win EC & popular vote, both times..& by an actual landslide
look who is talking? you don't know much, except how to create hatred.. good job! #NotMyPresident #GoAwayNow
obviously this guy is a distraction for the GOP' self serving agendas. WWE level trolling happening here people. Wake up!
He's a LIAR just like his corrupt wife #Hillary. 

#LockHerUp
Excuse me??? @realDonaldTrump @billclinton Was 1 of the best POTUS we've ever had, You will never live up to his accomplishments
 = Carnival barker  con & "useful Russian idiot". And Indeed @billclinton = one of our best POTUS!
Thanks for correcting the lie
Biff Tannen you're a clown. Make America Ridiculous Again fits u better.
Fraud Trump. Sad. Tiny little hands. Drowning in ineptitude. Looking like a Fool.
get a life Donald! Who cares
.@realDonaldTrump you are a small and insecure man ... who is about to control our nuclear arsenal. we are doomed.
HAHA Bill Clinton doesn't know much???? He's a freaking Rhodes Scholar!
Bill = Rhodes scholar
Trump = avg student at school his family donated millions to. 
Do the math on that one
your sad, narcissistic tweets just enforce how unfit you are. You really should be #unpresidented
Looking forward to your inauguration and having a President that's on our side #USA1st #MAGA
I don't believe anything the mainstream media says.
is this really how you want to present yourself as our new President? get over yourself! No one cares!
delete your account
You are so ungracious and unpresidential.
He knows he was President for two terms. You have not even begun one. Both   Clinton IQs are high. BC a Rhodes Scholar.
yeah sounds fishy, why would you ever call Bill? For what? He didn't run! Bill called to butter you up for something?..
Everybody else has a life except you. What a sad 70yr old we have as president.
We know, the world revolves around you Mr. Tool. I mean Trump.
you sound petulant. #uniteus

he's such a tool. He's laid real women for free because he can't afford the women you buy. Nice, dad!
Stop tweeting about all of the congratulations you've received, and go do something that'll "make America great again" 
god don't you have *any* class?
stop tweeting. You are going to be our president. Get to a security briefing.
You are very insecure for a President-Elect of the US.
Anyone who congratulated you doesn't know much.
.@realDonaldTrump do u kno yr eyes look like 2 buttholes of cats?
you're so immature. Your tweets are like a 12 yr old
The std's got the best of Billy Bob's memory. He forgot about his son @danney_williams clinton also.
Its more important things going on in the world to be worried about who called who. You are a twitter thug for sure...
you hang up first... no you hang up first... no you... you!!!  arguing with a child lol
Keep bragging and placating fragile ego. You will need it as you steer nation to a disaster. #DumpTrump #NotMyPresident
president elect
President bashing by a President is petty.  Obama has to eat a bunch of humble pie for bashing a potential President.
if he doesn't know much they why did you pick up the phone?
Thumbs up Mr. Trump!!!
where are your Tax Returns you promised to show after the election.  How can we believe you when you lie?
Details zijn belangrijk!
dementia?
@JulesSiscoe they're not so nice now bc they think they're infallible above the law. For moment. Strongest  do drown!
Mr Trump you have zero class or grace...
TY for not wasting time on Allepo and terror across Europe and bringing us the hottest details about your call history.
..Slick Willie and McCain have the same problem..it's called senility!!
.... Please grow up!!!! We are in trouble folks!!!!
KUMBAYAAAAAAAAAAAA
I have so much dirt on the clintons I was at a federal prison camp with state senator Vincent libel he told me quite a bit
you're so friggen cool dude
Trump should take some lessons from Bill Clinton. Best president of the century
good to know Donald 
yeet
@billclinton My Japanese husband and I make very unusual looking "angry white men"! We're #redpillberners!
big deal who called who concentrate on showing your tax return you wanted Obama Birth certificate. We want your tax return
awesome.... I wonder if bill's a drug addict or if he has aids...either way he needs a new makeup artist.
don't know which is worse..trump or his worshipers. Yuck.
Can you say anything without following up with a stab at someone? Does it make you feel big? Don't make me regret my vote.
I need a job can I help build the wall for the  eagles.
HE CANT REMEMBER HOW THE PHONE WORKS OR WHAT HAPPENED TO VINCE FOSTER http://radaronline.com/celebrity-news/hillary-clinton-vince-foster-death-fbi-secret-service-documents-truth-white-house-gun-death/ … #clintonbodycount
#crookedhillary #billclintonliar
but... HE SURE KNOWS HOW TO TREAT A LADY, don't ya think  #MAGA
. Of course he's stay did you call him everybody knows the clintons are full of lies
He also hates you as does 60 percent of the country. Please resign you homobot
neither do you
petty
President-elect I am a disabled Vietnam Vet can you please send me an invitation to attend the swearing in ceremony in DC?
Your IQ is not even half of Clinton"s not even the grandchild's.
someone who can makes u wanna singing
So what? One Mafia Don Bill called the other Mafia Don who made it to the white house.
