Democrats, rotten on America! They truly have no love for what makes America the greatest nation on earth! Public Servants like Hillary Clinton expresses exactly what I have just said! is not about big government, it’s about America following her Constitution=Freedoms!
Trump has a career-long history of deleting emails AFTER receiving court orders. http://www.newsweek.com/2016/11/11/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120.html …
It's a rigged system supported by our hard-earned tax dollars.
... that Trump never pays.
You should be acquainted with others who do that.   :-)
yes! That's worse than you love affair with Putin. #Asshole #NotMyPresidentTrump #Traitor #dishonestDonald
I THINK YOU MAY BE RECEIVING A SUBPOENA VERY SOON DANDY DON.  CIA MAY HAVE SOME QUESTIONS
you're the POTUS and using an unsecured android phone and the staff is using their own servers. WRONG. SYSTEM IS RIGGED!!
oh yeah and if it was actually something you cared about and not just a way to villianize HRC, you wouldn't do it yourself.
Crooked Donald J Trump deleted a brain inside of his head BEFORE he wanted to make America great again
SR 1309 - Silent Counter-Coup by 17 Intel Agencies To Stop Crooked Clintons https://youtu.be/2v20EYJvBUM 
REVEAL YOUR TAXES DONNIE!!!
we AGREE!!! Take every state make America red and great!!!!
She can, she will and she'll win.
Once again He's right. WiKiLeaks released Clinton's donor list.
To be honest I have about a million junk emails,  maybe they were just all spam 
Hey Dumphf what did you do with these?
You tweet like a 5th grader...
@FBI @jeckert68 what proof does it take for #Justice ?!
I wouldn't be able to rake leaves under FBI investigation let alone run for president! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#Hillaryresignation
kkk
Surprise! You name yourself judge jury & executioner. Your tyrannical views are what U.S. system is designed to stop.
https://twitter.com/hectormorenco/status/793515316810620928 …
You are the one buddy buddy with mafia and Putin, can't wait to see your cabinet
6 days until we remove you from our lives like a gust removes your hair piece from your head. @realDonaldTrump

#HillaryForPrison Rip
except that's not true.
Hillary is like a rat running from a descending eagle.
why you so mad lol
you still awake ? You have gone mental dude
We LOVE you! God Bless & Keep you safe!
if God exists he would have caused him to overdose in his fav. Drug.
Heard of innocent until proven guilty? It's been real Donny. 
@sophieerenaud
http://abcnews.go.com/Business/370-economists-pen-letter-denouncing-trumps-economic-policies/story?id=43244153&cid=abcn_tco …
yet sexual harassment and xenophobia is fine?
WE NEED MORE TWEETS IN CAPITALS.


#DoubleStandard @realDonaldTrump
First I heard of this. I wonder why nobody cared.
God bless you
Last time I checked she was cleared of any wrong doing. #FactsMatter
That case has been reopened due to new evidence and emails on Weiner's laptop... just say'n...
A. That's not what Trump's referring to.  B.  We have no idea what are on those emails, either does the FBI.
Yes they do... She is a flat out liar and should already be in jail. If it was us, we would be in jail.
sorry, but your fuhrur lies far more than any other politician, EVER.
Comparing Trump to Hitler is absurd.
deleted emails after being subpoenaed Donald? Now who else does that? (CLUE: rhymes with FRUMP) http://europe.newsweek.com/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120?rm=eu …
I'm sure he held public office at the time. Moron Emma.
he deleted emails in disregard of a court order. What’s the good bit about that John?
Little different when a government official with a top secret security clearance don't you think, Emma?
Err, they’re both breaking the law...
congratulations. Our prayer & gods blessing was with you. We are very happy.
Swapan Kumar Ghosh
08335906880.
India.

y cuz u just don't like Hillary or just cuz Trump say to 

but he don't that's the problem they all tell u whatever they have too to get u to vote for them
What about all the documents/emails you destroyed violating court orders? Oh! And your rape trial of a 13yr old?
Themes an affidavit and a witness. But keep living in your fantasy bubble.
go get them Clinton's as planned, no Damm good. None of them.
Hello Mr. Trump.  I am a victim of the free trade bullshit.  Please lift America up again to be the super power we were!!
rigged?
Trump shut up about the e-mails her supporters don't care about that like urs dont care about groping women get overthem 
You jerks are so politically correct that is considered offensive to tell a woman she looks nice.
That works out to about 2,500 emails per woman who has accused you of sexual assault, so far. #GropeMuch
Most men would say the same type of looker room talk.  Get over yourselves and stop being Hippocrates!!!
@ToryAll ....
Hi Donald Trump ? How re you,you said your champion, are you going build the walls, between U.S and Mexico the  people,s
if guilty couldn't run why r u here
How many did you delete over Court appearances when you have been sued for stiffing people! They will take billions!
when r u going to answer me bb. imu
Get yourself an AG who will work for American voters! PLEASE!
but a confirmed racist can run... Love murica
"Mexicans are rapist"
Use your brain if you have one
Mexico is a country, when you hate people from a specific country this is called racism. Do you want me to teach you words?
We hope you find our baguettes just as "guilty" of being delicious! Come on down to Drew's Big Ol Bakery any time Donald!
Meme
She is most screwed up, evil candidate I've ever seen run for the presidency! #TrumpPence16
if that's the case u must not be very old or been around politics much lol 
Crooked @realDonaldTrump systematically destroyed or hid thousands of emails and documents in defiance of court orders. #deplorable
Prove it
@HillaryClinton have you asked in good conscience where your honor has taken you, what same has made you become?
@barbie_case @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton and his campaign collaborated w Russian govt insiders thruout election
You have been endorsed by the KKK
You have a trial for racketeering.
You have a trial for raping a 13 yr old.
Unfit.

Yes, he would.

But he has upcoming trials for rape and racketeering. And the KKK endorsed him
Tumpf has trained his supporters not to care about facts.
What about all the emails, notes, and documents you've withheld?? This cell using mama votes for HRC!
We get her, Supreme court with her ppl, America is finished. She should of been stopped the minute she set up that server
what part don't u people understand her having the sever is not illegal SMH 
It is illegal to use it for government information, confidential information about our country.
no the law just says for classified that's it and they yet to show proof that there was but what Trump
Found classified info she said she did not know what C meant.Hillary lies. Now in trouble having sex with kids
"Having sex with kids"? OMG, you Trumpsters are not only moronic, but you're hilarious!
The video is out they have traced both of them.
You've deleted more emails in the thousands of court cases you were under subpoena for? Stop being a hypocrite!!!
You deleted emails while under investigation as well Donald, in defiance of court orders: http://www.newsweek.com/2016/11/11/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120.html …
But, like most of the things she considers "accomplishments", it didn't really get done. They're BAAAAACK!
#HappyHalloween
Sir, please beat Hillary soundly and place her and the syndicate where they belong. Prison.
Crooked George W Bush deleted 22 MILLION emails. . . Why don't you condemn him? Why? You can't read & no one told you
Talking about dissapearing documents, where are your tax returns?
While you are Fixing Things let's change our Election system to use the Popular VOTE so that every VOTE counts!
What you do is called "PROJECTION" by psychologists.  You are the Crooked businessman.  You rig your own records-cheat ALL
Remember folks it is only "rigged" if Donald doesn't win... If he wins everything was on the up and up.  Really???
Mr. Trump, what can we do the machines are Rigged.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sk4rGByANr8 …
NYPD Chief threatens to leak email if FBI wont start timely indictments: http://www.infowars.com/breaking-bombshell-nypd-blows-whistle-on-new-hillary-emails-money-laundering-sex-crimes-with-children-child-exploitation-pay-to-play-perjury/ …
If True then that's criminal. We have seen worse things than that
it's getting old Donny
Is the new Podesta emai true???? Kadzik providing Justice Department info to Podesta?
You have a server setup directly to Russia.
Child Rapist
how much did the brotherhood give to the clintons  for huma's internship???
at last Trumps got a newspaper endorsement, shame it's from the KKK's official paper, shows what he's all about really
go home you're drunk.
thank God it's rigged, just so unqualified cheaters and liars like you will never be POTUS. Hahahahaha cheat at golf lately
shut your trap #whinylittlebitch
Lucky for her that we are innocent til proven guilty. Like you, until after Trump U and rape trials. #DumpTrump
@KatrinaPierson
@GeorgeBushGuide and @dickcheney deleted 22,000,000 emails. Explain that!
and avoided paying 30 years of taxes.  No charities, no funding research to help people. Hey, but you are going to save us
@DonaldJTrumpJr George Bush deleted 22 million.  You are endorsed by the KKK.
#FederalLaw states a person is disqualified from running for office if you destroy subpoenaed evidence.
comrade, Moscow is so proud
how many emails and how much evidence have you "bleached" while being failed business slug.

Clinton has every right to run for POTUS. You on the other hand need a medication for your pathological lies.#STOPWHINING
http://www.infowars.com/confirmed-us-intel-operatives-leaked-clinton-campaign-emails-not-russia/ …
someone please take #fuckfacevonclownstick twitter away!
GWB and Cheney deleted many more emails...  Where's your outrage at that? Trump is a Deflector...
you are a nightmare
@TrumpFL someone grab his phone. he's too close to blow this
Hillary's #1 aide Huma Abedin: Undeniable ties to terrorists & 9/11 funders (Watch before voting!)  https://youtu.be/SXG_h765ZBA 
2 HOURS AND COUNTING!
That is another lie. You know half your acolytes can't read, so no problem with their disproving your lies.
, what about the files and emails you deleted after suing the hard rock casino? TRUMP tower is the biggest glass house ever.

DRAIN THE SWAMP. Killary is a liar, murderer, and a criminal! LOCK HER UP!
you are guilty of doing the same how many time.
are you also going to have a special prosecutor to investigate bush's 22 million deleted emails
Crooked Hilary and Dishonest Bushes never should be elected to office ever again.   The Bushes and Clintons are finished
on the money
You have my vote in Michigan. #jewsfortrump
@KatrinaPierson
http://truepundit.com/breaking-bombshell-nypd-blows-whistle-on-new-hillary-emails-money-laundering-sex-crimes-with-children-child-exploitation-pay-to-play-perjury/ …
Promise me that you'll continue after Nov 8th, Can't wait to see you rant and rave and throw your "Little Tiny Hands"
: and u sexually abuse women, don't pay taxes or ur bills & cheated people out of $ with Scam university! Not fit for Pres!!
Trump=racist=modern hitler/mussolini=enemy of our great nation.

o is out there saying u will stop all Medicaid checks on day 1 thought u would like to know
It isn't illegal to delete info that is not responsive to a subpoena
#kadzik
Crooked G.  W.  Bush and the Penguin deleted 33 MILLION EMAILS TO COVER UP.
#CrookedDonald bribed the Florida AG Guilty-cannot run.
lol lol lol. Hillary all the way!

A precursor of a @realDonaldTrump presidency: the equivalent of him in Poland=dismantling democracy and rule of law. https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/poland/2016-08-25/polands-constitutional-crisis …



the swamp we are going to drain was created by the Clintons and the Bush families
prepare for your win, win, win...
yeah, keep telling the American people that lie. It only satisfies your "never wanted a Black President" ideas and base.
and destroyed evidence with hammers. Obstruction of Justice?  Nope, just business as usual for those above the law.
what about the 30,000 work related ones her lawyers provided? Read up on it.
Aren't you going to say the polls are rigged ??? 
Have you looked up the definition of Narcissistic 
Personality Disorder yet ???  So sick !
Hey, #FuckfaceVonClownstick.
fraud against working Americans Trump University, lawsuit for raping a 13 Year old girl 700+ pending lawsuits
u should know abt destroying evidence, dirty donnie.  http://www.salon.com/2016/10/31/when-it-comes-to-destroying-evidence-donald-trump-shouldnt-talk/ …
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
George Bush deleted 22 million.

u haven't paid fed taxes, the rest of us have.U buy from out of USA,where r ur taxes? U take short cuts & don't support USA
JUST LIKE ELECTION DAY WILL BE "RIGGED" ONCE YOU FIND OUT YOU LOST LOL
It was okay for you to erase your emails to avoid prosecution after the judge told you not to. Where are your tax returns.
CHOSE HOPE VOTE FOR HILLARY CLINTON @HillaryClinton
omgoodness I can't help but love you... Every time you say Rigged system I laugh because it's TRUE! God Bless you & yours!!
where are your taxes?
either way if you win or loose election, triggered from the inside or by outside foes, the US will be destroyed by design
And how many and how often have you and being court ordered. Your a dirtbag and will never be President
#FuckFaceVonClownStick
you did the same thing with your precious cases
http://huff.to/2fiYrZU 
Breaking: DOJ tips Hillary off in 2015 so she could destroy the evidence. http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/11/wikileaks-asst-ag-peter-kadzik-leaked-information-podesta-hillary-email-investigation/ … @wikileaks
Bush deleted more than that and walked away. Shut up.
Viva México
