When will this stupid bot turn itself off? so irritating every time I check in on Trump's tweets.
Carrier sends more than half of their jobs to Mexico and are rewarded w/ a huge tax break. You make all of the best deals! @realDonaldTrump
Obama was going to let them move all their jobs to Mexico. Piss off.....
Hercules!
Hercules!
Hercules!
Liar - you initiated the call in order to facilitate your business interests in Taiwan.  You are a danger to america.
DONT YOU KNOW THE POWER OF THE WORD "THE PRESIDENT OF TAIWAN"？HA？PLEASE TRANSLATE HERE: 你真的只适合搞资本商业而不是搞政治，因为你真的拎不清政治的敏感与复杂！
when will you come to my state so I can be part of your ralley, I live in north Arkansas, I want to shake your hand, luv u
#MAGA
People need to put parties aside. If you love America, you will stand by Donald Trump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Well, then.
Sir i sure hope you dont bow to those people like obummer did how discusting when he dressed like them and bowed prob gotPd
干掉支那共匪 fuck ccp！
U better take all support u can get, cause u will never get popular vote in US.
#Taiwan is an ally that we have held at arms length. With #China building islands the #Pacific needs another #MacArthur
When talking to the 'President' of Taiwan does it really matter who called whom?

I guess the media thought you should hang up on the President when you found out who it was!
Moron says what?
Why are you a pathological liar?
HAHAHA So much Butt hurt 
prom invite too?
y u tweet so much??? Learn how to be president. Thanks in advance
Awsome, Taiwan is a great ally! Let the Chinese get upset,  America first!
omg that's him that really is him
Dear Donald, as an MBA like yourself, who studied macro economics, I am concerned by the Carrier deal.
Thank you for keeping the news real! Please don't stop ur tweets! Thank u 4 all ur doing for #MAGA
#MAGA and the whole world will heal
the best that can be said of you is that you are incapable of grasping what it is to be presidential. #Taiwan #Taiwancall
never give up, never surrender. Tell China 2 go pound salt. We r Americans. We'll talk 2 who ever we want
until they learn what? That your ruler wants to destroy the 1st Amendment? #notmypresident
Last night, you encouraged your thugs to chant Lock her up, you attacked a reporter & tried to incite against media. NEVER!
Follow me if you support Trump!
<--- Using auto-reply software to spam Twitter. Please report.
he called Taiwan, according to Taiwan
you know, NO ONE will ever vote for a Democrat again bc no one wants to be associated with hypocrisy!
Trump's associates set up the call and Trump says Taiwan called him. Trump lied.
the people that boted for him will be crying come next year.
And YOU, @realDonaldTrump, reversed 40-some years of U.S. policy in recognizing Taiwan as an independent nation.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
I didn't know China ran our country?!?
they don't, but Donald Trump will soon. 
You aren't worried about pissing off DJT, but you're scaaaaared of those Chinese.
Diplomacy is important, perhaps even more so with our main competitors on the international stage.
We don't compete with China in any real sense. We don't make anything. We are their customer.
making things is an exceptionally narrow view of competition.
it is just repeating what it is told. No critical thinking there
.@realDonaldTrump hey dude what's your phone number, since everyone on the fucking planet seems to already have it
jesus goddamn christ, we're going to die at the hands of a rancid orange.
no that would be true if crooked Hillary won.
you don't think Trump isn't crooked?  you may eat your words.
you're an idiot
What makes him an idiot there's nothing wrong with his tweet
Emmm...maybe the fact that he just fucked up 40 years of diplomatic relations?
But go on explain
No you Google it show me your evidence if you are so inclined and interested. Btw telling me to "Google it" shows you've little
Blah blah blah. Educate yourself, princess.
Thanks for calling me princess I make a gorgeous princess
Of course he did. What do you expect? You'd just better learn to be a politician now or we'll all be pissed. @rgenci57
I worry that Trump may forget his politics job to do business too much. It seems a weakness. @realDonaldTrump
If he's this bad before his inauguration, I shudder to think how bad he's going to be after.
.@realDonaldTrump Sweetie, it doesn't matter who started it, but the point is you had a conversation you weren't supposed to have.
Let me remind you: you are known for being a loose cannon.  Learn NOW to deal with all countries and people. @rgenci57
Don't worry about who lost the election. Focus on the positive. @realDonaldTrump
On the contrary, my friend. I positively encourage and warn. 
I am critically thinking, not negatively.
@realDonaldTrump
Okay, I apologize if that was negative. @rgenci57 I concede you are right about that after thinking again.
47 years of US - China diplomacy ripped up by an idiot who couldn't point to Taiwan on a map - with help

@andywigmore
The President of Taiwan knows the diplomatic situation with China, so does the US

#THINK!

@realDonaldTrump @andywigmore
It takes two to make a phone call

Have you ever tried it???

@realDonaldTrump @andywigmore
Byeee Mr Wibble!

@realDonaldTrump @andywigmore

You'll never be the real president of the U.S.  A president for the deplorables only.
@WhiteHouse @NRA Taiwan, are you making laptops with integrated focused ultrasound tech, to burn lungs @Concordia @McGillU
@brithume Great Preside-Elect Trump!!#
LOL, okay
oh
Perhaps Mr. Trump does not want world peace
Follow diplomatic protocol, be presidential
有传言说特朗普的儿子住在投标台湾桃园机场，这电话值几亿美元？
why is 'CALLED ME' in caps?  Who else would he ring to congratulate on winning the Presidency?
What have you done with Polyester and Rhinestone, they seem to be missing in action?
you didn't win the election you stole it from the real winner...Hillary Clinton! You could have refused the call.
One phone freak everyone out,lol.
You really haven't got the first idea what you've done, do you?
You are doing a great job of getting rid of the "Obamanites"/Obamanators. lol Keep up the good work.
hello
HOW STUPID CAN YOU BE?!
.@cnnpolitics @realDonaldTrump You didn't win.  You lost by 2.5 million votes. Manbaby president can't even count.
he called you because they knew you'd pick up, thus helping them agitate mainland China. #Trumped
your colossus ego has always been your failing. Now it's going to be America's. Stop defending yourself, and grow up.
#stupid
https://plus.google.com/u/0/102226612462313519533/posts/VpHNNS6AwaL?pid=6360293207776268242&oid=102226612462313519533 … Coral Ridge Country Club home 4 sale
this is card for you from your customer Tsai! maybe you are not food for your customer tsai but @HillaryClinton
Skip some more intel briefings guy. Who cares what the world thinks?
狗带！！！
Please consider Jim Webb for Secretary of State! Many of Webb’s foreign policy views match yours.
~r u want me to call u to say somethings ！
: don't lie again!
The MSM Spun It like You Called Pres. Tsai = Big Difference... & why wouldn't take Her Call?!
U are really a silly "president "!
How would you act if all other countries' presidents are like you? When solid hard stones hit each other, they all break.
So are you guys an item now?
The phone call was prearranged. It's news too. So, is the fact that you have business interests in Taiwan.
child
为什么习大大不给你打电话祝贺你！
and you're SO gracious about it 
liar
the Hell w/ CHINA telling US what to do. Even tho, US has sold itself to Them...
stop yelling.
只有一个中国不变
umm, yeah? What's your point? That's what foreign leaders do after an election
way to overturn tears of US Diplomatic policy with that conversation #idiot
@PrisonPlanet yes, I'm sitting back watching @realDonaldTrump implode the Republican Party.

Read a book.  Get some education.  Stop embarrassing our nation.  Please!
way to upset the delicate political balance, can't wait to suffer the repercussions. #bullinachinashop
grammar is atrocious mr. Ivy league...hire someone| to send these tweets so u can at least sound like ur educated
and u might want to just pretend to care about intel briefings instead of photo ops w/ fresh outta the psych ward Kanye
I had joined an affiliate of EXXON by Y2000. 
And I want to support you on this matter!  Your action is sprended!
hope you are doing some homework on U.S. foreign policies now.  This is embarrassing.
nothing wrong with that. Simple courtesy and you're a man of manners.
This is a lie.
BOOOOOOOO
You made a spellling mistake like a pupil. Taiwan is one of the provinces in the People's Republic of China  (PRC).
THIS IS AN UNTRUE STATEMENT, IF ANYONE IS INTERESTED,
WHICH I DOUBT.
just saw this isnt the p of t super corrupt jesus christ trump
The President of Taiwan
yay! You are the president elect, enjoy the congrats from around the world – no matter what the left liberals think
liar
哈喽，测试用！
C, lots don't believe she called u 'cause u have a rep of speaking   falsehoods. Even KA Conway can't make us believe this.
支持台湾独立


I hope you recognize Taiwan as a sovereign. Won't go over well with China. You going to get tough with our banker (China)?
Just don't ever grab her by the pussy, 'kay? Keep them #tinyhands to yourself. Thanks.
Please do not get us killed and do not kill others. Please step down, you are not fit for the presidency.
oh lordy.....
Liar.  Tell the truth about how this 'call' happened.  So sick of your lies.
I wanna see u take WWE again！
VERY NICE
Wow #orangeanus,   shouldn't you be reading state department protocol 101 for dummies right now?#nevertrump #notmyprsident
OH MY GOD , really? Get over yourself.
There are only one China....that's PRC....
It's very Clear u Shouldn't Be at this level of Gov there should be a Cut Off On How Stupid the Prez Of US can B B4 running
is your memory holding out ?
We don't believe a word you say!
I'm sure the Taiwanese government knows better than to break history without a good reason.  You are not one.

@hindustanse sir u r grt going,hope u will do best for USA and rest of world toward peace.
Joke.. @MUKESH1801 ?? 
@hindustanse @realDonaldTrump
years of negotiations down the toilet because of your massive ego.
Who fucking cares?
your cronies never should have accepted that call. Do they know nothing? Oh wait...
nice move
someone win now but will fail four years later!
Great !!!! she did anything good for nothing but this call...
So what?
stop tweeting.  You're not in middle school.
Well frankly Taiwan isn't even recognized anywhere on Earth, its like the president of Mars have called you?
Yes! And you made a fool of yourself! Again!
#realdonaldtrumpisafuckingmoron
I love your guts and skillfully intelligence!!
Not an accolade I'd be particularly proud of. But I have standards.
no way the president of Taiwan called YOU after 37 years of the US agreement with China - lie harder
I need you to tweet so we can know the truth!!! #media #TrumpPresident
Your Twitter account WILL be the end of the world. This is not diplomacy.
did u use a secure phone line? of maybe u just did a nice lil audio call on whatsapp?
Um no. Not true as we now know. And if true, why take the call?
as a Chinese, I like ur personality, so I support u, but Taiwan is not a country, taiwan can't be independent, don't fuckup
The dishonest media is still trying to give the impression you called her rather than vice-versa.
Well Done, MUCH TO WORK WITH Taiwan .This Is Welcomed LOVE Our CREATOR OF HEAVENS AND EARTH Mr Donald,Do not Transgress YAH
Then may you live in interesting times.

There IS no president of Taiwan. ONE CHINA - remember?
you're a whackjob
piss "red China", then recognize Taiwan (Republic of China). Re-establish full diplomatic ties with Taiwan (ROC).
lies
Interesting how a pending President has to capitalize "CALLED ME".  Seems he suffers from SPS - Small Penis Syndrome.
@AnnCoulter: I heard your GREAT Interview on Fri with @SeanHannity. Ann please advise @realDonaldTrump re Your GREAT Picks for Trump's Adm!
please read after me 呆dai逼bi
#LiarLiarPantsOnFire
keep the jobs here!
This is AWESOME!! Thank you for speaking with President Tsai!! re-establish official links between US/TW!!! Screw the PRC!
you and Dole deserve each other. Nobody is fooled.
You didn't win the majority 65million voted against you & you will be an illegitimate POTUS w/no RESPECT from Am
actually ur transition team & Taiwan set up the call. #tellfacts
Probably a prank call, you'd never know. Unpresidential incapable and delusional.
dear god please at least wait until you're inaugurated before destroying the world kthxbai
Cai Yingwen is  not a president
WRONG
Am so proud of you!!  hopefully you can restore trade all over the world for our us made items!!!
suport the indigenous people of Taiwan!
She is NOT stupid. She is betting on a winner.
Phil.4.23
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen. #MerryChristmas #OneNationUnderGOD [1/2]
#GodBlessAmerica #InGodWeTrust [2/2]
Trump denies business interest but everybody knows that's not the truth
Amen, I'm so happy. I feel so much safer already. I'm proud of of our New President and First Family
And anybody who calls gets through regardless of protocol or international agreements?  Cool.  What's your number?
Care to amend this tweet now that the truth has come out?
