, @SandraLocke87  the only reason you are talking about disrespect for Isreal is an attempt to make President Obama look bad
Obama does fine on his own, making himself look bad
so to support this scumbag trump you have to be irrational to the point of willful ignorance
and same of you fir voting for Obama twice. King of vacationing and playing golf. What a loser.
you know all about being a loser i see.
such a sweet, kind hearted liberal...you should be out looting or burning s**t down, get busy!
Does that mean you will be out lynching? Meet you outside .. bring your rope
that's a job that only the lunatic leftist participate in...hate filled, violent  protesting
attention anti trumpers there is one final shot we have to make his link go viral NOW!!!!!!
coming from the sore losers
you know I am surprised you don't mind being called a pig and being grabbed up by your ding a ling my dear. That's your prez.
Ken Reid is like and OSTRICH..Difference is his ass is the sand    Pull your head out  Dummy
pull my head out so I can ignore facts and Ruskie acts of War? Oten have ostriches in your ass? That is at least a misdemeanor
well, you are wasting your time, he will always be my President, you will not be
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump The Jews?  What about Trump in bed with Putin/Russia?  That should scare the hell out of U!
Poor white trash. We're stuck w/them until they overdose or go to prison.
Now I look like your uncle LOL
Just a stark reminder of your ignorance and stupidity. Hope that works out for you LOL
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
The media feeding frenzy continues.  Only an idiot would believe anything you have to say now.
Move the embassy
Please move the embassy like you promised!!!
You can go and live in Gaza for a year with Ted Cruz and see what the Israeli government does to people in their own land. Disgusting.
Israel is a very strong ally to have
YOU treat AMERICA with DISDAIN & DISRESPECT! There is NO "America First" in your ACTIONS. Your actions say FUCK AMERICANS!!
2017: You divulge highly-sensitive classified intel—sourced from Israel—to an ally of Iran. #TrumpRussia
zionist #israel has murdered a #Palestinian girl too, 16y old Fatima in #AlQuds #Jerusalem #Palestine.
Shame on #israel and its supporters.
Resign.
Here's just a gentle reminder of your own kind words, Mr President!
They’ve earned the disdain and disrespect. So have you.
@protesting2016
You can't be blackmailed unless you're guilty of something.
Jesus was a Jew, so why aren't ya'll Jewish?
Thank you President Trump. Thank you, Thank you!

ISRAEL & PALESTINE: THE MAPS TELL THE TRUE STORY
http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/WRHARTICLES/mapstellstory.html …
Why defend people who's whole belief system degrades, and oppresses women?
Ummm... what about now?!?
what about disdain and disrespect for Americans that you personally insulted? POWs, Gold Star Families, Women, etc?
you're seriously calling Mr Trump out on disrespecting our military? 8 yrs of O and now you're all concerned
yes. He's a draft dodging coward. Clearly insulted POWs, Gold Star Families. How could we NOT call him out?
and how many times have you been to war?
he's mentally ill and a traitor as well as a coward and my husband is a combat veteran
You lost the popular vote by almost 3 million and enter the WH with the lowest approval rating in history. Sad!
So we can't disrespect Israel, but you can disrespect women, minorities, and all Americans? #sad #loser #tinyhands
shhh... it's ok. Go to your safe space
I don't need a safe space. I do need Americans to not stand for racism, discrimination, and hatred. I hope you don't.
no that's why I voted against obama and killory
Calling her Killory proves which one of us is ignorant. I go for facts, not conspiracy theories.
She & O we're responsible four for deathxbat thrbEmbassy in Benghazi - so nickname Killary fits.
Really? What legitimate agency or investigator has found her responsible? I haven't seen one. Fact, not conspiracy theory.
i read in more than one source that she did not respond to the Embassy's calls for assistance.  That looks pretty guilty.
@beautifulblusky Israel has illegal settlements!! This must be stopped! Why did US give them 38 billion? Fix flint water!
Jerusalem belongs to Israel as per God's word in the Holy Bible.  What God says is Truth.
bulldozing over people to get it is not the answer! Does God tell them to hate Palestinian kids?
Just like Conservatives want a dirty planet, & to push granny off a cliff.
U blindly support Israel... why? God told you so?
We should work together to protect the Jewish Community
great leaders are rare to come by #peacetotheworld
.@TedNugent what's up with your Fuehrer .@realDonaldTrump defending .@netanyahu & Israel instead of their "conspiracy" against the .@NRA?
20th not here soon enough. Delay to inaugration should be reduced.
Obama has betrayed Israel. A true ally.
it's frustration of obama after loosing in Syria
Israel is no Ally. They simply suck America dry to the tune of billions.
That doesn't mean you can snub them at UN.they needed US on this crucial time but you ditched them
Israeli authorities demolished 481 Palestinian homes and other buildings in the West Bank
West Bank, Israeli security forces and settlers fatally shot at least 96 Palestinian civilians and wounded at least 10,854
you have no cajones or diplomacy, you aren't willing to stand up to Putin & don't understand Israel/Middle Eastern dynamics
can't wait till you are impeached.
It's called tough love Mr President Elect. The settlements are preventing any chance of peace.
The main difference between Republicans and Democrats is that the former know that evil exists and must be confronted.

seriously you talk about all the money the US government sends to other countries, have you looked at this budget? Bibi 
Trump, you're so ignorant that you don't realize you're Bibi's stupid chump-in-chief. http://nyti.ms/2huNatv   So sad
Glad you stayed the course, best wishes and this will be a wonderful New Year.
Yeah? Besides accept our money, what have they done for us? Israel has universal health care while GOP thinks bad for us.
ANTI #ISRAEL MAIN GOALS OF HILLARY+VP= MAY U BE PROTECTED W GREAT LONGEVITY- @SecretService MANY SORE LOSERS R THREATS!
YOU R mentally ill!
lmao shut up
sure would like to talk to about making sure our pipelines are the best they can be. Make pipelines Great Again.
Israel has been treated terribly under Obama!
you sure that wasn't Iran
ha ha ha ha ha ha stop oh my sides are splitting
keep telling yourself that
غير وسع بالك
A "great friend" who "borrows" $3.8 Billion from you every freakin' year never paying it back ain't no friend of Great USA.
I hope you undo all of Obama's agenda
Govt of Israel's treatment of Palestinians and their land has long been a disgrace. Enabled only by USA support. Shameful.
talk about your treason against the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. FOX NEWS IS FOR YOUR SHEEP. THEY HAVE NOTHING BUT FAKE NEWS.
this policy will create frustration among Americans specially muslims
WTF U treat yur own leaders + citizens with disdain + disrespect. Who the fuck R U 2 'protect' another country. SOCIOPATH!!

what happened did Ivanka not put out today?
stance on muslims ?quote china pak alliance & force& made in china goods2world? isaw muslims in australia needed british*?*
They will have a great friend at the helm, soon. Barak was 'close' to being a friend - he was a "fiend" to Israel.
Israel wants to use America... you gonna get yourself into some BIG shit... not strange tho becuz of ur family base, Ivanka
Thank you Mr President for siding with Israel. Counting down the days! God Bless! 
#DonTheCon#DupedByDon
completely AGREE
You mean while they totally take over all of  Palestine?
Never Mind Israels
Human Rights Abuses List
Always Stand By Friends
great
Obama's and Kerry's actions against Isreal are antisemitic.
Well said.
do you not see the connection with treatment of Palestinians and creation of terrorism?  No clue
I thought you represented Russia....
19 more days to make america great again sir. God bless
you need to wait your turn thump
Looking forward to the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem!
What, this Israel?
take them back to America and make everyone happy!

Bien lo dijo Donald Trump, "la ONU es un club para pasarla bien"; la ONU no esta verificando a las farc, están de parranda con ellos: 
you don't know anything.
. Happy New Year,  Mr Trump. You have an amazing opportunity in 2017 to right so many wrongs in our leadership. God help you
AMEN!
President Obama playing Islamic satanic roles for defeating Israel. Remove all Muslims out to Indonesia.
Go Trump, GO!
God bless you for suport Israel
reach,  then those 10% should be looked at,  if it looks doubtfull the individual can sustain employment with those,
/Your tweets show the world you're the dumbest president-elect in history. Grow up!
, May God Bless Israel!!!
People. Are unrealistic focus on what is urgent and let Mr trump handle calmly against all resistance support him
and they will again thanks to you Mr President
this is disrespectful and evil why doesn't Obama go after the terrorist not Israel.
What is wrong with you? You are not the president yet.
thanks to you and your family for hanging on there
@TeamTrump Thank you.  It is very important to have Isreal as our friend
gay
I agree Obama is leaving you a mess .He is doing all he can to make it hard for you
Oct.2016 US signed a $38bn record military aid deal with Israel, described as the "largest in US history to any country"
maybe you can build them new house and.get richer
Israel needs to stop illegal settlements
Isreal isn't respecting the rights of the Palestinian people. The Palestinian people are prisoners in their own country.
Can somebody explain again why we give the 38 Billion in aid?  I can think of a lot Americans that could use health care...
38 Billion friends what page you on donny
111
We can't continue to let them treat the Palestinian people this way! Would you like it if someone bulldozed Trump tower?
maybe it's time for the UN to go it alone
You are an International EMBARRASSMENT!!!
https://youtu.be/lZXvavp_1EE 
its time to use common sense,  and consider circumstantial evidence,
Gen 12:1-3 says it brings a curse on those who do that. Pray it lands in Obama's lap only.
right. Because you're such a friend of the Jews?
but lets treat America like criminals. Got it.
who needs them they don't appreciate the billions we have put in to protecting them. Dump them and let them go it alone
help
yet you have humiliated millions of Americans who didn't fit your elite criteria Donny Boy. Yet Israel does as it pleases!!
how come Palestine started out with most of the territory Israel has now stolen from them and we ridicule the Palestinians?
once again the Puppet Obama and Kerry are following the script Soros has given them.  They are weak minded pathetic people
idiot
we have been GREATER friends he's a greedy bastard
stop sending them billions annually
@KazmierskiR PE TRUMP thank you for your inspiring tweets!  "We the people" appreciate you Sir.
But they can treat Palestinians with disrespect?  All humans matter.  U R Wrong!
You do realize public policy is not solved via Twitter, right?
wth...of course he does. Lol
.  We gave them $34Billion in military support.  Doesn't that count for anything?   Do we need to blow them, too?
aw thought u didn't like black people 
disdain and disrespect? Oh you mean support ethnic cleansing and genocide.
God brought them back out of 102 nations in our times [Psalms 102:16 Amos 9:14:15] to await the soon coming Messiah Jesus !
But friends don't let friends break the the law and infringe human rights (steal and oppress), time and again for 40 years.
