I'd like to know what facts #Obama administration have to prove the Russians tamper with the voting
I think you favorite flavor is Orange and not cherry. You're drinking the whole jug too.
Can anyone be this obtuse?
Putins publicist ?
Putin is your greatest benefactor, isn't he?

and your hero, of course.
Is that why you said the 3 million more votes HRC got was illegal people voting#resign
Trump he is using your vanity against u & u let him IDIOT & your IDIOT followers r being abused by u but they don't get it
WOW! Trump aka Putins Puppet ; you couldn't run or WIN with Dignity. Your a joke and b4 long everyone will see it!
Uuhhh ‘scuse me,...I think he did WIN...#loser
Jesus Donald.... you really need to be more discrete. We all know your Putin’s ass-ette!! QUIT COLLUDING!!
Why would donald quote Putin? Also, Hillary Clinton won 2.9million more votes. Also donald is a criminal who has been a Russian asset for decades, and enjoys being used. Donald's sold his country out--our constitution & values--for dirty $ that he'll have to forfeit soon.
Did the Russian adoption agencies text you this RT update? Also, just a heads up, your son colluded with Russia.
Just a heads up Donald .... we all know you did too! The best merry Christmas for me would be to see this ——>....
Do you plan to lose with humility once you're impeached.

#TrumpRussia #TrumpLies
Support you forever, Mrs president.
It's christmas...

May Jesus will give little Donnie some dignity and grace this year...

You're no Lincoln...no matter what feebs Hatch says.
Did Daddy call?
no one has ever lost their virginity to you with dignity
Donald, I hate to tell you but he's not just talking about Hillary and Dems.  Am worried  you don't really see the woods...
God Bless the USSR. (Just practicing.)
butcher despot Putin's opinion is irrelevant. Shame on you for being his poodle.
One must be able to win with dignity.
And yet SHE had 3 million more Americans vote for her.  Shame.
will Putin give you a hat for your inauguration day? #Ushanka
Only applies when you're not losing. When u do u cry. It's OK. I understand.
Stop being so soft with Obama and the Clintons.  They are not your friends.  Take them to task.  Jail all of them.
one ought to win with dignity too
"I say it is time for us to come together as one united people," Trump said. ...
quoting a foreign leader to trash an American of either party is what lacks dignity. America first!
- AND I AM SURE U CAN RELATE DONNY
right, if only he would just move to Russia. We would even take Snowden in exchange.
Donnie do u remember when u kept whining about the election being rigged? What dignity are you referring to?
You and Putin need to get a room. Geez
Sucking up to the Boss again tiny hands?
@Zigmanfreud  sometimes silence is golden. Adding  to what Putin says makes you look complicit in hacking 
Really? You didn't win with dignity, you did it by treasonous means. And you're a sore, whiny winner. #notmypresident
I've come to the conclusion that 99.9% of liberals were never taught anything growing up. They live in a bubble
I was taught how to count, can you say almost 3 million more in the popular vote?
what, like 85% of every County in America voted for trump. 1 state shouldn't control all.
Okay, obviously facts don't matter to you.
it's a fact that our founding fathers were smarter than liberals. They realized what could happen.
They wanted to preserve slavery and ensure women remained legally inferior? Those values?
and make sure that 1 state does not control all the rest.
It is true but this is coming from a man that does not lose in his country no matter what.
for someone who claims to have no relationship with Putin, you sure namedrop a LOT, but yay for using a three dollar word!
easy to say that now...can't imagine your rants if you had lost.  Grow up
is there anything stating the dignity of the winner, just looking for guidance on that.....
He is playing you like a violin.
You are unfit
If I were Obama, I would use my executive powers to keep you out
Based on what
I am going to back our President Elect Donald Trump with prayers for wisdom. He is our new president.
Our peotus is a putin fanboy.  How cute.....a putin puppet to lead us.
try winning with humility
you and PUTIN should ride off to Siberia and stay there. The world would celebrate. Please and thank you.
and one must be able to win with grace.  When do you become the unifier?  Oh right, that was a lie too.
.@realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump Who's a good boy?
STOP EMBARRASSING OUR COUNTRY.
And one must be ablr to win with dignity.   Something I'm not quite sure you comprehend.  #unpresidented
If you had any dignity, you would have withdrawn. By the way, how's that audit going? #FRAUD
This is a man widely thought to have murdered his political opponents, Donald.
Nemtsov was nobody. Zero influence. A millionaire clown with a support of 0.8-1%. Putin has 87%. Opponent? Oh come on.
does he have any opponents?
With lack of access to tv etc it's not a surprise he has high approval
I can easily name two dozen strongly anti-Putin media in Russia that are not oppressed in any way and are quite popular
We are still waiting for you to name ANY strongly anti-Putin media in Russia that are not oppressed any way. Go ahead.
Do you know how to scroll? I have named them SEVEN times already. it's unbelievable how lazy you all are
Once again for you: http://echo.msk.ru , ng.ru, slon.ru, snob.ru, tvrain.ru, novayagazeta.ru, gazeta.ru, etc
Your account must've been hacked. No right-thinking patriotic American says something like this. Change your password.
if you still support that flabby old criminal Hillary - you're no Patriot!
"Flabby old?" Seriously? Lame ass name calling? Empirically, @reaDonaldTrump is older and a lot heavier than Hillary Clinton.
She's flabbier, in poorer health, and much more corrupt.
I just don’t think name calling is very nice, and I refrain from commenting on the physical appearance of others.
Hillary's harsh metallic voice turned millions off.
Yes, that's why she got 3 million more votes.
She lost. A big reason was people hated her voice. Chalk on a blackboard.
Lost the popular vote by 3 million.  Holy shit.  People really don't like you and it's not hard to see why.
You're right.  Most of our presidents have lost the popular vote by millions and millions and millions.
Official Call: @realDonaldTrump is a willful ally of the Kremlin 1st. Slavishly loyal to a KGB spymaster but NOT AMERICA. #investigatetrump
As this seems the worst-kept secret in the world right now, where exactly is our Justice Dept? #PootysPuppet
Jesus Christ. From somebody who supported and voted for you: stop using Twitter. Jesus.
Why ? Are you with the MSM, great weapon to make them even more irrelevant, unless URok with more FAKE NEWS
Not confident on the Russian rate of conversion, but is 3 million more of something NOT still more?

Quoting Putin? NOW? You’re a special kind of stupid.
Do you talk to Putin EVERY day? It seems so. Getting your orders, I'm sure.
And yet you’ve been a loser your whole life and have never acted with any dignity-go to hell.
#PutinsPuppet
Sounds like u should take a note.  She did win the popular vote.  That means u were NOT the popular choice.  Deal with it snowflake. 
What's the matter, #TreasonTrump - won't Melania give you a blow job tonight? Is Mar-A-Lago empty as real people have real families to hang with. You all alone, bro?
YOU ARE A PUPPET
Seriously, give the country a break until after the New Year. We don’t want to hear your rantings right now.
Still jealous that Hillary got more votes? Let it go, Trump
So tweets the Russian puppet.
Mr 46% should learn to be graceful winner. But we can excuse him b/c his win was tenuous.
Yes DJT won 46% of the people's vote. Almost 3 million votes less than Clinton. No crying here. Just facts
If there were any proof of this then DJT should investigate. But he won't because he doesn't follow law.
Well, you lost the popular vote bigly. So how about showing some dignity about that? What happened to bringing us together?
We welcome you to the Resistance!
It's strong in California and growing.
Be a bummer for Red States if we did. We have the food, tech & booming economy. Plus pay more in to system than take out.
.@realDonaldTrump Time to stop obsessing about HRC & the Dems. Could today be the day? Your "presidency" has to be about more than this.
But that was why we ran. He wanted to win! He wanted people to praise him for being the best.

He got one of those. But is pissed that he gets no respect for being an ass
.@realDonaldTrump she got nearly 3 million more votes, did you tell your bestie Vladimir that too?
Illegal aliens and dead people shouldn't have a voice in our elections, which are by state not national.
I remember someone saying,  "I'll accept the outcome only if I win"!  Was that you?  I think yes.  Just sayin'.
Because he rigged it with Putin, so he knew
Tell that to the sore loser child predator in Alabama!
@ZKotek this from a guy who can't even win with dignity...

how? What is he doing to achieve that?

so, nothing concrete? Just more vague memes?
Give me 4 years

@radicalabacus @realDonaldTrump
right now, that's roughly equivalent to the religious person's 'you'll find out when you die' - disappointed
HMMMM, U must not be able to count very well, Hillary won the popular vote, U had the help of Russia, U are Humiliating
No she won the popular vote nation wide, The dump would not have gotten the votes without Russia help
, Thank God most of rethugs are dying off, rethugs also stopped did stop college kids from voting. Russia
Sure in the hell did and got to vote, Unlike what happen in rethug states with college students, Doubt u did
wow you love pushing Commie Russian propoganda. What country did you think you ran for president in?
Hahaha have, lmfao
I agree with Vladimir Putin!
funny how you love a Russian so much that you forget about all the history behind relations.
why are you quoting a murdering communist?
YOU WOULD NOT WILL NOT LOSE WITH DIGNITY.trump is the biggest baby in the US.
You mean as in how you're responding to losing the popular vote? LOL #loser #bigloser #learntospellbytheway
you mean your secret boyfriend/lover Vladimir Putin Trump
You're a disgrace to this nation!
.@realDonaldTrump it's almost like if you had won, you'd both refuse to accept the results.
It is not about losing, it's having an incompetent demagogue in the WH who has the potential of causing the next world war.
#putinspoodle has something to say....#stopdrinkingthekoolaide
Who gives a rat's ass what that creep says!   Russia is NOT our friend!   Study up, Don.
They lived together in peace; even affectionately ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwnwpKLHu2A …
Stop it. You're representing America.
you two must have the best man sex ever
You lost popular vote by historic margins. No mandate. Sore "winner"! Toddler-man so immature! Bullies are cowards.
Um...Popular vote gain came from illegals in CA. Since they're breaking the law, it doesn't count.
Firstly, LMAO. Secondly, even in that imaginary scenario, there aren't that many undocumenteds in CA.
http://ln.is/www.newsmax.com/t/ne/C9r0y …  and these stats are two years old. You are illiterate and ill bred, madam.
I'm not the one thinking 2.4 million is greater than or equal to 3 million. #realitycheck
Whatever dear. 
"You have nothing to gain long-term as a White liberal
You are the bottom of the stack, trash to them"  Good luck
why? you whined for a year abt rigged election. if I lost u would have claimed fraud. ur a child.
wow you even quote him....how nice for us
You are either with the United States of America or you are with Putin's Russia. Choose, Mr. President Elect. CHOOSE.
awesome
Russians are saying 'Look at those fools'
Hillary did lose w/ dignity. Shut up about her, you already won. If you want us Dems 2 stop protesting, stop slamming her & start fixing USA
Your frank appreciation of Putin legitimizes his many attacks on democratic ideals that you will swear to defend on Jan 20.
And who gives a shit about what Putin thinks?
To welcome one to think intensively ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIui-eKxAec …
It's important to lose with dignity, but equally important to win through honesty and integrity.  You failed on both points
quoting your good ol buddy @PutinRF_Eng how cute
You are the first. Its your wit. Face it, trace it, grace it. 
Compliments from mizoram
oh right. You're buddy?? Smh.
mr trump didn't you threaten to act out if you lost this election, we were all ready to give you the benefit but then your
Gosh, if you rely on Putin's opinion, you must be very desperate!
Yes, Just as Nigerian president GoodLuck Jonathan conceded defeat, so They as well should accept the defeat, Cyrus is in,
THE FACTS ARE FACTS WHICH YOU DENY !!!!
YOU were the one who said you would accept the election results unless you won!  Whiner!
now we know you're a traitor.What does PUTIN have on you? @oreillyfactor @FoxNews @BillKristol @BreitbartNews @ericbolling
Excuse me She didn't loose.3 million over you.
Wow.....you're all over Putin's johnson!
.@realDonaldTrump um, sir.
The teamwork wins games ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsrnmyFqpMM&nohtml5=False …
Maybe winning with a bit of dignity might be a good idea too?
Dignity? Look it up
One must be able to win without cheating!
Donny takes it up the butt from Putin. That's humiliating!!
Putin playing  you like,a drum
its not about losing, its about your terrible behavior
Couldn't one say the same thing about Roy Moore or even yourself you f***** hypocrite #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
Such an orange egg
Your bromance is embarrassing. Show some dignity man.
remind me to remind you of this when Putin makes you look like a fool very public ally more than he has already he's at U
Don't you understand that Putin is getting into your good graces hoping he can get info from u? and your taking the bait.
This #Birther will take an oath to DEFEND US Constitution? Who Loves U, America? Reagan, Rolled & Wept 6' Under.
Since when does Putin's opinion count in a democratic nation?
agreed, however More than half the USA are Dems, let's not lump all together.
She was and is dignified. Had you lost, you would have whined and bitched gone on and on. Then sue the Electoral College
How about winning with some dignity? Something you don't seem to be capable of at all.
And one should be able to win with humility and grace....
Not so much. If it was stolen with no dignity, it's hard to just let that go.
You do not even know the meaning of the word dignity!!
u lost the people vote the electoral vote put u in. The american people didnt vote u in u have one term. Putin aint shit
Gotta agree with your boss eh Comrade?
your relationship with Putin is so romantic 
I concede. You're right. Putin is talented. Who else could say all that while gargling your jizz? Answer: your 800 ex-wives
This from the man that proclaimed that he would NOT BELIEVE the results if he lost??Do you ever listen to yourself talk????
LETS KERP UP THE PRAISE OF OUR ENEMY BUT YOUR BUDDY. Your infatuation w/Putin is disgusting. You have hero confussion.
your constant tweeting and bragging show YOU have no dignity. ACT PRESIDENTIAL!!!!!
you are such a small man with small hands. God help us
Strong support from http://www.forecastcapitalmarkets.com  !!!
Many Thanks f/#follow. #Christmasblessings 
@ShopaholicMom51 TY #RTs  #MerryChristmas
-
Private Machines Which Get Hacked, 
Have Nothing To Do With A Government Machine
Sucking up to Putin yet again. So sad.
Yeah, this is just about dems losing, not the fact that you  thought leaks were so great until BAM!
So true Trump is the real loser with -3 mln votes than Clinton. How can he govern his people against will of his people?
he must have a high ammount of dignity knowing he sends airstrikes on innocent people!
why are you still campaigning against HRC? Win gracefully and Time to start leading.
Why the fuck do you as POTUS quote others?!Do u think there is a greater office you illogical braggart? #TrojanTrump
You are the biggest loser (by popular vote) to ever win the presidency and you don't even know how to win gracefully...
we are quoting Putin now?
hahahaha now quoting Putin. Were all fucked.
How about winning with a little dignity? Oops; forgot who I'm talking to.
just says WALL...it awakens the trumpsters. Trump uses the word to drown out the 'boos' while out in public
. @realDonaldTrump Putin's the dude who helped you illegally rig the election for the benefit of international oligarchs, right? Seems cool
Like Donald has ever been able to lose w/dignity. Besides, he wouldn't recognize dignity if it bit him on the ass.
say hi to your puppet master on your daily call in to the Kremlin
They taught them to be friends with a rabbit ...
more importantly, one must win with dignity, and you lost that long time ago. #havesomeclass #whinerinchief #doyourjob
why do you find it flattering that a criminal like Putin sent you a letter the man who has killed innocent people really?
