You make me believe that it takes a scammer like you to know a scam when he sees himself as a con artist running a long con
you should be very afraid they are going to find out your butt buddy Putin gave you the election and take it all away JAIL
they are closing in on you and your family and cabinet members Don't drop the soap!
Dear President Trump Don't forget to standardize the wages of musicians & protect the royalties of songwriters & composers!
I don't see how that is possible? Aren't bands booked based on how well they draw a crowd? Just asking
DONALD running #SCARED
.  prayer breakfast,beautiful speech. Everytime u said BELIVE ME I cringed. Believe me hints at disbelief.
Thanks by banglades
The cheating has to stop!  Recount
Even my ex, who was a Trump wannabe back in the day, wasn't as consistently disgusting as you insist on being...grow up!
DO YOUR JOB!!
imigrante Yves!!
are you trying to start a war with China because you owe them so much $$ or because Putin told you to do it?
you will never be my president. You lost the popular vote. No one wants you. Go away you tax dodger!!!
nah, we don't want a recount. We want to impeach you...can't wait to see you in court with a special prosecutor!
.@realDonaldTrump Hollow words from a Pres-elect replacing one set of establishment politicians & corporate insiders w/another. #StillASwamp
.@realDonaldTrump
XD i did a lil medley of those pics myself recently. Diapered Donnie...

Twas nothin... good to see u again mate 

President Trump, why hasn't the RNC in Wisconsin opposed this?  There has to be some recourse for us
If we're unlucky, they might even find out the American peopel actually don't want you as president. Wait, we already did.
talk about sore losers
Crooked lied when she made that concessional speech ?
Donald Trump refused to say that he’d respect the results of this election.

That’s a direct threat to our democracy.
very proud of all you've accomplished and all you've done the past year and a half. You'll be a great president 4 all!
yep should've seen that one coming but who really gives a crap
you should know, Scammer von Poonhound.
.@realDonaldTrump Sounds like they want the same Boomerang blow to their egos, let them at it !!!
- Shameful
we weren't badly defeated! You were just lucky!
Can theses Dems for once just admit they got it handed to them by the American people. #stopDemslethealingbegin
they don't even have the evidence required to open these requests legally.
what did you expect-pathetic Dems!!!
great leadership Donald
Are you worried?
not worth your time they lost u won. Keep your eye on the ball. Be my POTUS
The corruption is strong..soon you will clean the swamp..just don't forget about the snakes too, they will take over.

كل زق

then he gets to stay in office, our country needs so much prayer right now.
how long did it take you to translate that from Russian?
once again, can dish it but you can't take it. You worried or just petty?
sorry you wasted your money
kys
tu eres un dictador
Nervous LOL We already know you lost the popular vote!
leadership is bringing people together
Almost seems like the Green Party is made up with ex Trump University employess!
@NeilTurner_ #SELLOUTJillStein
.@allinwithchris, we got our info straight from the (now fired) horses mouth. Bought and paid for by the Dems, no matter what you say. 
Offensive and puerile as this is, it is the very reason why we all benefit from his having a twitter account!
prosecute Hillary!! She a Snake !!
I can't decide if this is more petty than hypocritical or more hypocritical than petty...
.@realDonaldTrump working hard at uniting the country, I see.
I admire his chutzpah
You're scared they might find something.
you sure like to tweet a lot. Do you snap chat also?  If you did a musical.ly people would lose their minds..lol
shameful!
it's disgraceful Donald what there still doing to America please lock  her up
Yeah, let's listen to Donald "The election is rigged! Everything is rigged!" Trump about how the election wasn't rigged
.@realDonaldTrump Mr. President-elect, that's more than HALF the country that didn't vote for you you're insulting. Grow up. Get it together
You have a monopoly on being offended? YOU called 1/2 the country deplorable, bigoted, racist, sexist, nazis, etc
I did? Weird. I don't remember saying that. Are you confusing me with a 70 yr old woman who ran for prez?
but you said the election was rigged. Maybe for once you were actually telling the truth. Let's see.
Mr President will you please just Google 'alrassooli' who can be a great asset to you
@Potus 
We've only just begun! Hold on fat orange man! It's gonna be a bumpy 4 yrs. You are not never will be #NotMyPresident
~ You just used a record setting triple negative in your last sentence. Brilliant!
Beside being a Trump Nazi you're a grammar Nazi as well? Brilliant!
~ I like to point things out in hopes they will help. Don't you not like it, no?
Only supremacist like to point out others mistakes/failings publicly. Makes them feel important/relevant
~ Again, what part of "illegal" immigrant are you okay with?
ALL of them
George soros is funding illegal activity. If he goes unchallenged it leaves innocent Americans unprotected
#TheCollegeBuyOutisTheDevilsOnlyChance4Killary2imperialOverthrow
jesus Christ! They are doing exactly what you said YOU would do if  you lost. How the fuck did you get elected!!!
Not a scam @realDonaldTrump and you are the only scammer here! Oh, where are your taxes?
Hey Donald... The incumbent Republican Governor in NC... who lost, is filing for a recount. No whining about that one?

NEWSPAPER HYPOTHESIZES “SURPRISE RESULTS” IN “RECOUNT” STATES
by Sharon Rondeau (Nov. 28, 2016) — 
http://www.thepostemail.com/2016/11/28/is-this-responsible-reporting/ … 
@realDonaldTrump
seems if her recount concerns were legit, why wouldn't she ask for a recount across the board instead of just swing states
because the post election results are highly unusual. Recounts should never worry anyone unless you are nervous
my point is if she is interested in Justice with concerns about hacking why just focus on the swing States instead of all of them
Jill Stein did very well this Black Friday.
Not necessarily so SIMPLE. Watch for puppet-master SOROS's destructive RAGE as ownership of U.S. power slips from his grasp
Oba ma openly supported Hi lary,was in charge of elections and hence can't challenge their own supervision of election
GREEN PARTY SCAM??? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
She's to be investigated and in jail not recounting ballots! Clinton Cash only 1/3 the story.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LYRUOd_QoM&t=681s …
But it was you who said the elections are rigged You just might be right!
yeah, and you have $60,000 fake hair.
#Wisconsin-SecState says #Recount2016 cost$0.5Miln:Jill Stein 2make80%profit4campaign2020,which will help GOP:Donors=idiots
LOCK THAT BITCH HILLARY UP DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS & RECONVENE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON UNAMERICAN ACTIVITIES JFK 2
LOL! The joke's on you, Monkey-In-Chief! Go Green!
No worries...I just put cream and sugar in mine and giggle at their foolishness!!
Why don't those sore losers crawl back under the rocks from which they came and slither away.
#schoolpsychs4trump
2MM more people voted for Dem. We need proof your B-Buddy Putin didn't insert himself in Election like he inserts in you.
fyi how could they be hacked when many voting machines especially in key states are not even connected to net
no wrong again. Just doing Exactly what you said you would do if you lost, verbatim
somebody has to stop the insanity. We've had enough of the whiners who have more money  than they have sense.
such sportsmanship, you win means election was fair. Had you lost you would have asked for a recount that  same night SL
wasting tax payers money should come out of their own pockets-- they are still grieving the loss when is HC going to  goals
see I know your keeping Obama care stop with the lie because hsa u don't have worry about pre existing conditions thanks
Are you afraid?  If you won , what does it matter..or are you hiding something? #Recount2016
Mi already did 1 hand recount before verification. Again will push it beyond electoral deadline. No one gets votes.
trump don't listen to fallen work with Russia
@warrenwarmachi1 Thank you for taking this latest threat seriously and lawyering up.
you can bet Obama is the head of this...he needs hillary bad so he can continue his destruction in our country
unlike you who's selling a Christmas Tree ornament (prob not made in USA) for $150?
@Wary12 ASK FOR IMMEDIATE NATION WIDE RECOUNT TO PROVE THEM WRONG!
you will go down in the history annals as the greatest president ever, keep up the great work!
Less for you then Donald?  You don't mind if I call you Donald, do you?
Wow, never seen a grown man so scared of the truth before. Afraid people will find out your the fraud?
Go Mr Trump! God bless YOU Sir!
Act as a president should, DONALD.  You worried about something?
Careful, a recount might uncover the Russians cheating for you.  #PutinsPuppet #STOPHATEDUMPTRUMP
This is a distraction from the Clintons Global Child Sex Trafficking Pizzagate!!!!
Green Party Fundraiser for dollars!
"funny" you think every vote doesn't count.
this is why 50% of the country is sickened by the thought of you being Prez
please assure us (Trump supporters) Mitt Romney will not be in your cabinet.
You do realize you're talking shit to half of the plebeians you preside over right? Maybe not the best.
What are you afraid of that we will find that you were the one who stole this election from us the people of America?
enjoy being the blame for everything the next 4 yrs
The truth is never popular. We believe in you President Elect Trump.  God Bless The USA
what a waste of money.  The Green Party wasting valuable resources.
lol Jil stien committed career suicide by doing this, she is a cockroach!
A waste of time and money.  To many people are for Trump.  Let it be!  He won hands down Dem's & Green Party!
we know ur scared Big boy
awww... You lost the popular vote by historical numbers. You getting twitchy about what they will find?
you are some really mentally ill people literally
Sore losers ...and the NERVE SHE HAD lecturing YOU about accepting the results! ('Cause she was sure she was going to win)
The liberals are eating themselves up. They have turned a whole nation against them & the party. Insane people.
This is what's eating you alive. 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/12/28/obama-beats-trump-where-it-will-sting-hes-the-most-admired-man-in-america/?utm_term=.6f011e9c7094 …
I think she is trolling for more votes on the Green Party line to solidify the line in the next gubnatorial race
demoralized?? You and your deplorables will run this country into the ground! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
2M -.250
demoralized dems??  That's great way to bring the country together. NOT

This coming from a guy who literally defrauds contractors and said he would challenge the election results if he lost.
Jill Stein getting payola from the missing 6 billion just like Sanders did.  NEEDS INVESTIGATING!
You lost the popular vote and for a reason. Loser.
They're on to your cheatation. You won't be President, Just like Rosie said.
She should be jailed for fraud.
did you know all school shooters were officially democrat?
Um, Donald? Last we heard that entire party disavowed Stein.....
for the love of pete: #STOPLYING and #actpresidential! Enough with the bullshit!
Please, not Mitt Romney for Sec State. He represents all the interests you just defeated

Donald - if you're so sure you won fair and square, why worry about any recount, right? #trumpisnotmypresident
go pee & go sleep.
Don't you have anything better to do than whine about people who hate you? Free country to object to results.
.@realDonaldTrump
#RecountJill Formal complaint filed with FEC alleging @DrJillStein collecting and using illegal campaign donations
http://tinyurl.com/recountPR 
DT sets historic record loss. Not only loser of the popular vote, first man in history to lose popular vote to a woman.
I distinctly recall that you refused to state that you would accept the results if you lost during the debate and after.
how can you possibly tweet comments that are creating a deeper divide THINK AS A PRESIDENT WOULD !
BAH
You lost the popular vote
@transition2017 Can you imagine after the Inauguration. Dems will be on Suicide watch
Can this nonsense be stopped?
Shouldn't you be in a national security briefing instead of   wasting time on Twitter?
As opposed to your scam of running for prez just to make a reality TV show #Election2016
It's bad enough you are prez-elect, even worse to read your twitter tirades. Act like a fucking pres.
If Trump did not have any secretive in November 8 election which he don't want people to know,let recount.
You repeatedly said election was rigged. Why not check results just in case you're right for once? What are you afraid of?
mimimimimimimimi :P 
 now quit panicking already, baby. mommy will hold you
I hear you know a thing or two about scams. I expect to hear more at your impeachment hearings, if you make it that far. @realDonaldTrump
you libs should be the ones nervous. While you where killing your babies we've been prepairing!!!
it's 140 characters or less. Not a chapter
I will never give you a chance and I mean never. Remeber comments you made about Obama ? Your just a joke
you are a scam orange idiot, where are your tax returns???
.@realDonaldTrump Deplorably,@DrJillStein fundraising off the anger&disappointment of Liberals who wanted Hillary to win,peddling False hope
this totally represents the disgust I feel regarding the democrats..this wouldn't be happening if Hillary won..
stop tweeting you are pres elect. Give it a rest
you are supposed to unite us not further devide us.
I join many Americans who believe that Jill Stein has duped many by raising curiously-obtained funds for a no-win recount.
@DrJillStein Prob Soros and Clintons funding this to create hate. Notice she never denounce the violent anti-trump protests
I hope the  whole world can now see what type This Jill stein is. Demons will never give up cheating and scamming
so the same amount of money it costs to protect Melania in NYC for two days right
@ClintonEverett_ Please ask for a recount in Blue states. I'd fall off me perch laughing, if Dems voting fraud revealed.
and if you were honest you would join them too, show the people you respect your peoples needs. Be a leader not a child.
3.652
are you scared. Take a pill
Now we know what "Green Party" means... $$$

Please get off twitter and stop embarrassing America around the world.
We are not demoralized. WE  are more determined than ever to fight you every step of the way.
WoW what's more sad than the fact you are allowed to tweet- is the fact people agree with you  Do you know what #STEM is?
you are the president of AMERICA , so I will advise you to spend less time tweeting
No disrespect, but it seems you're mad that you didn't win the popular vote! & a woman did! Looks like sour grapes, to me!
Little Donnie sounds scared.....
