But she was just talking about "energy". @Kimber4Trump
Donald Duck stole millions from small business people
when is it going to come out The Clinton Crime Family money hiding in Cayman Islands
... Miley Cyrus is betraying her father .... Crooked Miley Cyrus bad girl bad girl jail time 2016 .
they are going to destroy Brazil. #GETOUTHILLARY #GOTRUMP
pay your own workers what other hotels are paying them in Las Vegas. You didn't pay your Atlantic City contractors in full
y do u give half truths? She was talking about energy!! ENERGY!!!!!! Not immigrants!!! Energy!!!
.@realDonaldTrump open trade borders, bro. Not walk across.  Come on. You're pandering to idiots. Globalization is a great thing.
we are getting killed on trade big league
enlighten me,. Let's see if your policy knowledge is more impressive than your candidate...Don't quote Breitbart or infowars
enlighten me about your candidate and the @FBI investigation
about emails she didn't send and not from the server? Still, she's an idiot for the email, but still so much more competent
possbiliry that our presidency would be indicted? 
0
pay to play? Hmmm 
Tump paid $0 for his contractors in AC.... Thats a fact #Trumpism #BigLeagueTruth
@RickWms95 build that wall
@realDonaldTrump
The Secret Service has spent $137,000 at your golf clubs renting golf carts from your company that you profit from. Disingenuous.
#CrookedHillary advocated for open borders to a bank paying her $225K @realDonaldTrump @DiprimaCody http://dailycaller.com/2016/10/20/fact-checkers-dont-know-what-to-make-of-hillarys-open-borders-claim/ …
Hillary said the next sentence was about "uh, uh, uh, Energy. Yah, that's the ticket".  Hillary was better than Jon Lovitz
open energy borders she said....zero ring of truth in the #debate answer she gave....
@SassyPantsjj I bet it didn't have anything to do with energy either.
i swear your piehole is bigger than your bank account
@pewdrdad Wake up People!!
what were you watching? CNN poll wouldn't let some people vote Trump. Screen would keep freezing.
I'm support you all the way please respond I've tweeting you a lot would be nice if I thought someone was reading
Thats a lie!  #dumptrump
shut your bigly ass up
eww, how smart you are! WE LOVE TRUMP!!
did i ask
do I care?
Hillary Dreams of Open Borders, but hates Russia.  Isn't that backwards?
Love how that question turned to Russian Espionage! I loved " not a cent more in debt!" All Her support feed off US now!!
Proverbs 29:4 The king by judgment establishes the land: but he that receives gifts overthrows it.

http://www.bibleforandroid.com/v/2a85245c36c1 
- Yup,  open borders for trade.
You can take your #BigLeagueTruth and stick it up your ass. That is the only truth...
this is her only bad, she should throw you out and close the boarder for you and your sick friend giuliani
Yup and she is tight this is America we have choices. Read the entire comment she made!
Melania says "I have two boys at home, I have my young son and my husband." That is a quote. Donald Trump is a "boy."
Dont People Realize that these Banks Don't just Throw away 225,000 Bucks unless they get something in return.
Hillary is trying to kill our Sovereignty with her Immigration policies, Media trying to avoid the Subject, That's Criminal
She intimidates U!  Why say anything today? You're a disgusting pig! You're a liar! That's how we nasty women roll!


Wikileaks made it so clear that Hillary wants no borders at all for America..I have been to Mexico, not wanting it here.
she works hard for her money
Tim Kaine was Chairman of DNC. Hillary owed him a debt.  https://youtu.be/qJsDUjabet8    -The Reason Hillary Picked Tim Kaine!

millions of dead r registered to vote, they're also in the phone book and still get mail, guess what idiots?, they're dead
#debate Obama opening 500,000 visa's to "Death to America" Trojan Horse Iranian's. God save us.
she just verified wikileaks by saying she was talking about energy during that speech
we already have open borders you fool. Hillary 2016!
Don't you wish you got that money.  Unfortunately no one will pay to hear you.
That's called business!
pay me that money and I'll tell you Ted cruzes dad was the second JFK shooter, oops, already been done
pivot what you will do. Talk to the independents, ladies who care about the success of their kids, HOPE!
Donald, though this was a better debate, you should have hammered the emails to her. Geeze.
All you can do is put Hillery down.Why don't you tell us what you can do? OH, you have nothing!
Open borders while we are giving illegals welfare,cash,WIC and health insurance is a crime against citizen tax payers.
@BobG231 Wallace let her duck pay to play question too.
You went easy on her last night!
Keep digging. You might have to get a bigger shovel.
oh she was talking about energy, really how does energy jump the bodies of water?
She said that respect Latin people. But, she thinks that because she is supported by Latin artist, we r gonna vote for her
anyone that ever did business with Brazilians knows they will try to get you to pay for everything to get their business.
and yet she spun the subject away.
as usual, it's out of context. Unlike "grab them by the pussy" which only has one context. The end is nigh Donny!
Hasn't anyone told you that "open trade borders" and "open citizenship borders" are different?!
people are crazy to give u money to live in your buildings
dt u should go on the speaking circuit. if u talked 4x u might clear 1mil a wk. like bush, cheney, powell #DJTbatcrapcrazy
I wish these biased online news reports allowed for people to leave comments. It is sickening the way they twist things.
and she tried to say he didn't listen to the whole quote. She is such a liar
she dreams of open borders? Yep, she really said that in private. Her public face says no. Two faced by admission!
Great night! Scores go up when Hillary has to speak for her 30 yrs.  of nothing
let's spend our senior citizen fund...
Well now thats a smart nasty woman.
What context?

@TeamTrumpAZ she meant only for an electric grid and Power are you kidding me what a lie
Open borders for energy trade. "We the people" know Trump can't help himself. He must lie. He can't control it. 
Trump Foundation/Clinton Foundstion.  Only one had a public official running it.
she tried to say she meant electric grid!  bullshit
I have 2 friends and their families say they were voting for you, Until tonight. They are voting Hillary. Lol. Smart
Come on Donald, she's talking energy. We took what she said out of context!  She's tells some funny ones tho!
@reda2448 TAKE BACK CONTROL OF YOUR BORDERS
all I hear is lies when she opens her mouth, I DO NOT RESPECT HER or want her to represent me!!!
@Deplorable_KimC Hillary answered this accusation by pointing out at...Putin. She has zero credibility!!
sad u didn't call her out on foundation hiv meds for Africa she praised. Hiv drugs watered down
Donald for President
really wish u would have corrected Hillary's claim of 90% of Foundatn $ going 2 charity. Its less than 10%
you really cannot read can you?!
here is another quote "I grab the pussy"
#CrookedHillary fits her perfectly
quoting the voices in your head doesn't count
Where the hell did she get the "Open Energy Borders" from the Brazilian Bank question is what I want to know!
so is #GrabThemByThePussy #CokeHeadTrump #ReleaseYourTaxes
maybe the KKK and the "poorly educated" will pay you that much to hear you speak and maybe not
(link: http://www.usapoliticstoday.com/hillary-monstrous-treason-abc-cbs-nbc-knew-not-informed-american-people/ …) http://usapoliticstoday.com/hillary-monstr …
to conceive an idea like open boarders is an obvious attempt to dismantle our country.Take guns, no fight!
you paid $258 k to pay legal bill from your foundation. Not your money. Someone donated
Considering you think allies paying us money is more important than protecting lives, that isn't that bad.
crooked crooked crooked Hitlery Criminalton!
open energy trade borders..not immigration
@Rambobiggs also confirms the docs are real too.
@Rambobiggs your on fire my man, keep being my voice please, you have strong shoulders, we believe in you #MAGA
@Rambobiggs Hillary is all about making Hillary money, at the expense of those who vote for her.
@Rambobiggs And now she lied by saying she meant open borders for the energy grid. So crooked.
@stormforceman21 
But WE ARE AMERICA!  The one no only!!! LIGHT of the world!!!  She will not prevail!
And then she lied  in front of Millions .
THE CORRUPT LYING HRC TRIED TO SPIN/DISTORT HER BLUNT STATEMENT ON OPEN BORDERS TO SAY " SHE DIDN'T REALLY SAY IT"=INSANITY
Hillary wants OPEN BORDERS FOR.... ENERGY?? WHAT? total BS, weaseled out of Q. She cudn't answer w/o script in advance
much better debate this time.
She had a great response.
Open borders for the power grid(LOL). Guess she plans to outsource our utilities.
@Mferris67 yes indeed. We the deplorables are reading those @wikileaks emails.
Hillary also SAID in public that "I dont think there is an issue with border security" someone pls post this if you can
-From my own chair observation media coverage is bias, the RNC 2 and partial 3 stations coverage, the DNC 13 stations of 77
@JOMainEvent #ChrisWallace was a moderator of the "old school. " Well done. @FoxNews #MAGA #NeverHillary #TrumpPence16
Is that more money than you've seen in your lifetime?
@datrumpnation1
@THEQUEENISMAD Brazil is ready to collapse and will solve problems by sending millions of slum criminals packing to USA.
LOCK HER UP!
@mcphersonfamily and she didn't even bother to deny it.  Validates leaked emails.
Wish you would have called out Killary on her 2015 tax return. 95% of her deduction went to Clinton foundation! Crooked!
what was the rest of that picking and twisting words does not make it truth she was talking about energy ding dong
But that was before tonight's revelation that she was talking about energy. #Liar
@HCoffee4me You did Great at the Presidential Debate Tonight. Let's keep on reaching the American People.
open borders in regard to ENERGY, you have to read more
give entire speech, not misplaced snippets
@Dylanesque2604 Wallace was Fair. But right after Forget it !!
we need you Sir
you'd should worry about all of your conflicting quotes sir.  You can't seem to have a solid opinion ever
TRUMP IS UNAMERICAN
disclose what banks are funding your projects. Not one of them are domestic .
And guess what!? That's legal!
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
We really need you I donated $5. all i could spare!
@ReTRUMPlican_US and the question got lost in the scuffle!
@shay_tera #VoteEarly #VoteTrumpPence16
Hambre? Dijiste que tienes hambres malas? Esta comiendo bastante mierda, #pendejo !
si hambre, se la comio a Hillary...esa bruja es una mierda!
Lies--out of context.
Her reply was she was talking about "the electric power grid". How stupid does she think we are?
she didnt deny it just maden up some BS story about energy. If americans believe that we are definitely in trouble.
Trump won the debate
Open trade/ Open BORDERS @rbassilian http://www.lifezette.com/polizette/wikileaks-dump-hillary-dreams-open-trade-open-borders/ …
she was so full of shit tonight. Open border energy policy?! Pantsuit on fire.
#Trump2016
http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-2013-borders-global-economy-2016-10 …
#imnotapuppet
Clinton is such a liar
Clinton had no direct answer
i don't see how people can vote for a lair like Clinton
who cares! I'll look at it when it happens!  #loser
release  your taxes and proof your stuff until then keep your month shut

Inaccurate. #Clinton was referring to energy policy. #trump wants closed borders, walls around the country, and trade wars.
32 countries name them
Brilliant!
how can you be tweeting and debating ?

PACK UP AND GET OUT
Drop out crooked killary your bad for AMERICA
hillary pivoted and could not talk many issues moderator pointedly asked
you cannot debate when other candidate is allowed to lie so much and never called on it
CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE Clinton Foundation!!
is a clown.  He doesn't give a damn about poor.
DNC paid homeless people to protest at Trump rallies. Read Wikileaks WAKE UP AMERICA
.@realDonaldTrump @ramana_brf 

Hillary didn't answer the question about Bill Clinton's escapades with women in White House!
Any surprise?
.@Gajaakesari @realDonaldTrump @ramana_brf 

It's so funny & sad that the "moderator" let that question unanswered. Debate is "rigged"
Moderator SHUT HER UP!   Hillary is GOSSIPING!  Shut her up!!
I am a woman and I support Trump!! Hillary is an EMBARRASSMENT
Trump's last 3 construction projects, the 1st to use Chinese steel .metal from China is Trump International Hotel &Tower
sounds like a great business women
Puppet!
That moderator should shut her up!!
OH......that's my Private opinion, not Public.

hillary never answered about Dream of Open Border! Russia??? Please! It will be 600 million people risking National securty
Liar!
open TRADE borders.  Get your facts straight, you bozo.
YESS
