Isn't he lovely? He's a ten! 
As in, ten chins.
The only person he represents is himself.
Many people?? No British people!!! How would that work 
Hmm. SHS said we don't get to dictate/interfere w/how other people operate. Guess that's just another lie.
Clearly one anti-semite enforcing another. Will both Nazi loving elitists please rise?
AGREESANDRACULLENSVPXOSC
Top ten best team ups
@KellyannePolls

It is imperative that a new AG review the Clinton email scandal. The law must be applied equally. Justice.
Because the first investigation wasn't the conclusion that you wanted?
Because the first investigation was was a farce. A cover-up by a corrupt, dirty cop.
Thank GOD that didn’t happen! We don’t need another high profile person in America saying “I am not a racist”. We already got a high profile Crooked Don in the White House saying it!
Please stop advising at take care of the mess you got here
garbage president.
grow up, your children are watching.
Trump just breeds hatred
No, you do!
could you demonstrate any evidence of this? As a charity worker, a left wing, student representative, I beg to differ.
are you have to do is look at your own timeline. You speak of nothing but hatred for Trump you're obsessed with hate
we clearly live in different social groups. At my university I don't know a single person who supports him
yeah, like Hitler was for Germany. He's just a bloated, warm beer gusling hate-filled biggot.
According to your @PressSec - we don't dictate how other countries operate... Right?
Cause nobody hates Jews as much a Farage - Donald, you're right again!
Nope.
Pay attention
Trump wouldn't know a good pick for any office if his life depended on it; he's ruining trhe country.
I'm sure you like the antisemitism in his blood.
From prison you mean?
Fake news
, yup he's a white supremacist like you right?

Trump you don't do a good job nor a day's earnest wages. How you gonna speak on behalf of someone else. Realllly!
YES!
Er,no
Most of the UK hates that racist jerk.
He isn't racist....
and nor was Hitler?
You will still get mooned.
none of those people are British
Wrong. If you left your echo chamber from time to time, you'd find many people in the UK love him.
more dislike him
Nice to know you have met and knows more than half of all Britain.
http://m.huffpost.com/uk/entry/uk_583b0a98e4b0207d19184413 … and that's a bit of a rich statement coming from a piece of fruit
trump is a crook, racist, misogynist (you can google that one) and simply cannot lead
do you want people to agree with you or continue to disagree with and loathe you?
I'm just saying, what you're doing makes zero sense. Think about your actions.
is this actually a really clever satire??? Surely this is done sort of post-comedy sort of wind up.
We do not like US Presidents interfering in our politics!
what world do you guys live in? Sooner Scotland is independent and kicks out trump business the better
donald trump sure could use some technician support to trammel illegal voting recount hacks to prevent fraud
Where is the EVIDENCE to support this OPINION, not Fact!
As long as you and him do not think this, then it will all be ok xxx God Bless All
could you keep this fascist ponce and lose him and UKIP in the Louisiana swamps thx :)
"Many people", huh? This actually made me laugh. Not very much has made me laugh since November 9.
forgive the unimaginative govt in the UK, we hope to be rid of them soon if they don't deliver Brexit.
sorry Donald but people of Great Britain do not want Nigel farage as uk  ambassador to America lot other people's do job
@@@ CONGRATSSSSSSS...
by many people do you just mean you. He's equally as bigoted and racist as you are. Two that's together
I loved his appearances at your rallies, charming man.
What ever happened to using outsiders. These are all people on the inside. #say anything to get elected
. @realDonaldTrump @Nigel_Farage <— Two short planks
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family, I could use a job and never let you down ty
"many"people?! Really?! Are you aware of how despised that man is in Britain?You two will get along just fine
only positive  things come to mind in our madness
You are the president elect. Stop tweeting for gods sake.
who? Who would want him to do that job? Nobody this side of the pond I can assure you!
Pres elect Trump you need to ensure you tell people that after careful thought it was best for the country.
agreed.
Many of us think Nigel is a cock womble

Yeah I saw that,,,both in a photo together.
Mwahahahaha
WOW, you aren't even pretending anymore! Can you control this bunch you are installing? Do you even care?
many people? Did you go to UK and talk to the people in the street? My husband is British and we know better
you only had one job put clinton in jail Donald Trump your #fired
yes those many people are the racist bunch in the UK and US
Make appointments with therapists and get on some appropriate medications!
U would like.
Oh no we wouldn't. Perhaps Nifty Nigel could be a private business ambassador in the Trump organisation.
is a racist just like you.
no i do not think so (no one like him) but maybe I could be the ambassador between the US and the EU?
Farage screwed Britain and the Ran like he stole something. Cowards.
Agreed
as a dual national living in the U.K. cried when you won a miracle. Nigel should Have a role should your true
Nigel would be great Just please don't give the whining arrogant little man Romney a position in your cabinet
But Jesus says no
you scare me.
No, nobody wants to see @Nigel_Farage as ambassador.
I fully agree
"He would do a great job!" Based on what? Failed to become an MP, bad MEP, okay City Trader + Confessed Liar
Hilarious satire!
Not me.  And no he wouldn't...
wat
tbh I think Nigel would do a 10/10 job, all they would need is some boats and hoes #StepBrothers
I'm sure that would be your pick. Quid pro quo
ok, can we have Bernie Sanders as yours
Only the neo nazi alt right Fascists do trumpy!
more wouldn't...
.@realDonaldTrump (1) You don't tell Britain who to appoint as Ambassador. (2) The only vacancy is between @Nigel_Farage 's ears.
Failed MP bid 7 times and no experience make him the most qualified man for the job. Only the best!
Americans love English twits!
dunno about the rest of us but as a Brit I do not want to be involved with the USA's politics.
He ran like a baby when the sh** hit the fan over brexit! He is not your man nor is he our representative!
Before mailing UK's PM, please revise spell-checker; ambassador not a suitable substitute for embarrasser.
not really as he would not represent the Government view, and he is not even an MP!!

I agree, he will be a great friend to the USA.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha  ha ha, you ass
no
what? R u nuts? You are not in charge of world. Not way to respect allies.
I would rather see Mr Farage as prime minister!

...I for one, am not one of those people!
I nominate Michael Savage. He would be outstanding as our US Ambassador to Great Britain. Like Ben Franklin
#NoThankYou #KeepHimOutOfOurBusiness
I wonder why?
Wow, such a great endorsement!  Did you think of that yourself or did your sugar daddy  tell you to say that?
Who would that be lol
NO we wouldn't, we run the UK completely different to the USA so STOP interfering
Did it occur to you the position is filled and its not your place to fill positions in other countries
He seems to value freedom honor and boarders. I agree, if he is as conservative as he seems. 
Hey, @b4eve - seriously?
I think maybe about three people (Nigel's one of them) here think that ;-)
Thanks for the confirmation of what I thought. Wow, three delusional companions there...
I don't think many of those people are ones living in the UK.. He misled sooo many people over #Brexit
Jesus 
Seriously, the mans so disliked he couldn't even get elected as a MP.  Alan Partridge is his role model
No they wouldn't Donald, no they wouldn't. You're just making this stuff up now.
This is the stuff nightmares are made of.
Not really!!
maybe you should (quickly) try figuring out your own job before trying to get one for your nazi pals
Screw that! Nigel should be prime minister! Milo Yianopolous will be the Ambassador!
DUMB
Dear Mr Pres Elect do not let Mitt Romney pressure you into hostility agst Christian  Russia
Russia under PUTIN has been a bastion against the evil pervasive (agenda)that's destroying Europe
ROMNEY & NIMRATA RANDHAWA ARE GLOBALISTS/LIBERALS.ANY OF THEM SHOULDN'T BEING TAKING INTO CONSIDERATION FOR ANY POSSITION
says who? What opinion poll are you referring too because nobody asked me.
@SkyBlueRoon @Nigel_Farage Hi Don,Coventry here. Just an FYI,Farage is a prick.Wouldnt trust him with a Tonka toy. Happy TG
thanks for that - your truly a great debater.
YOU'RE welcome.
just wanted to make clear this is not what I would want. I'm with may on this.
most of us think he's a wanker.
My country is not “Great Britain“, it is the ”United Kingdom“ If  @Nigel_Farage hasn’t told you this he isn’t up to the job
who are these people Donald. Can you just stay in your tower for the next four years?! Do the world a favour.
Please, appoint Ayaan Hirsi Ali American ambassador in the Netherlands. The elite here will be outrageous!
only if you want him to oppose offshore wind mills...hummm.  More to the story??
no we wouldn't
what about the United Kingdom as oppose to GB? Know the difference? We'll swap Farage for a dollar #dicks
Who do you think you are. I think the prime minister of UK can appoint her own ambassador to your country. #trumpiscrazy
Nigel Farage is an inspiration and knows how to fight for freedom
Nigel is one of the greats! The epitome of a British Bulldog! A mans, man! I pray he takes on that role!
by 'many' your referring to Ivanka, Eric and Jnr right? So by many we're talking 'few'...
Great job? Hand or Blow?
except ANYONE with any knowledge in Britain! 
no... he wouldn't..he does not represent my country well in the slightest. How embarrassing please.
I didn't think USA politicians should interfere in UK politics, eh Nige?
Another Dopey idea
The 17m British public didnt brexit for Farage, they voted against Cameron,Eton,Greed & Inequality #TheTruth
and a lot of people really don't !!!
Please, at least stick ruining your own country.
Absolutely zero possibilty. GB Government
you don't want to be president, you want to be a ruler. Not happening President pussygrabber https://www.google.com/amp/nypost.com/2016/11/21/donald-trumps-media-summit-was-a-f-ing-firing-squad/amp/?client=safari …
Firm no to this 
you ARE kidding yes? He's a trash fire. Oh wait... That's a plus in your world. Gross.
He would be great in YOUR administration!
NO WAY JOSE. HE DOESN'T HAVE TEMPERAMENT OR SKILLS. NOT DIPLOMATIC. ONE TRICK PONEY
ermmm this is a serious position. Farage is not serious and has his own interests at heart. Not the UK
fuck Farage.  He can do one. I'd rather starve than watch him gloat.
great fascists of the world get united!
Britains response is for the US to select Bruce Springsteen as US Ambassador to Britain. Brilliant response!
in the U.K. Metro
NOT!!!!!!!!!!!! And we would like to see you trip and break your hips
You're a freaking embarrassment to the office.   Stop tweeting already.  #WhiteTrashPOTUS
Eehhh I guess. Idk
I vote yes. NIGEL FARAGE our UK ambassador
Many in the UK see him as an embarrassment and long for him to sod off. He was the worst thing to happen to is until you.
I assure you they do not. A racist UKIP leader as ambassador to Washington... surely not
You seriously cannot be serious! You have no idea about the UK and no right to meddle.
NF repd ur respect by diss u at HIS dinner n sd hell bknown4 200 yrs,not sure how his head got outta theroom
u don't decide and I can't wait to see u bullying the Brits let's see how that works out for you
Who is feeding you these names?
Sir Farage would be sooo awesome as U.K. ambassador. You two would be a dynamic duo.
....getting dumber as every day goes on...
you really have no idea what you're doing, do you?
Nigel Farage would be a Great choice
He'll be the best!
How's about minding your own business.
None of your biz.  @realDonaldTrump @Nigel_Farage
he's bright and funny and I think he'd be great and have noticed many others felt the same way:)
Well, @realDonaldTrump I would say @Nigel_Farage is the WORST person to represent us in the US!
At them moment we need nigel to sort out the the tories and labour have caused.
I'm sure Nigel gets the irony in this
