of the year??!!! You're going to keep doing these self congratulatory circle jerks next year??!! You're a disaster.
Maybe he wants to stay in touch with the People rather than hiding away at Camp David or on ranches etc
maybe. Or maybe he's a pathological narcissist with no plan. I guess we'll see soon enough.
cry me a river of tears #TrumpTrain
You mean he corrects mistakes unlike Hillary LIES then blames on YOU for pointing it out.


turkey figt terorism turkey and abd positive dialogs
we know you can make America great again! #Arkansas #TrumpTrain #MAGA #hamiltonelectors
lying Trump tiny crowd just like your hands
your "biggest of all crowds" seems to have a lot of empty seats.
thinking it may b the first inauguration ever where there will b booing amongst attendees!May b fun to watch
No NO!,no watching at all,if you have to watch it later online,but we can not giv orange hitler the TV ratings
so true !
I wish you would have come to Kentucky.  We need a little love too & are some of your staunchest supporters
I wonder why ‘the south’ helped you win. (Hint: White Nationalists)
.@realDonaldTrump the size of your rallies are inversely proportional to the size of your hands and fortune.
this is exciting#my birth place#going home#bayoulabatrey#fundaysofsummer
Unfair!
your ego will not fit inside this country...you need to be deported
crazy people will show up there
Skip Bama Donnie. You are too racist for us Alabamians.
The crying Libtards just don't get it. They are the minority in their global Socialist little world.
No patriot would ever support you.
Yet, we all do. Ha.
who's paying for these "rallies"?
I hope you give a party and no one comes. You are an embarrassment as president of the united states. UGH!
I believe you'll be around your own kind, those who sleep with their sisters and daughters? I don't think you're her type 
Cant wait to bring my 8 year old to see your speech today!! Going to be epic! Mobile welcomes you!!  #AmericaStrong
Golly Don..I cant imagine why u r soooo popular in the South..what a mystery!
Lol!!
Hi Donald :) Do you have any plan for weekend?
It's easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled

And the beginning of the end.
If Hillary had one we would've had war with Iran and Russia over Syria
You don't even know the difference between 'one' and 'won'...move on
An unpresidented Picture of Trump
You lost the popular vote
And Obama attacks Russia instead. Dumb move
delete your account..
Are you going to lie about violent crime rates like you did in Ohio, Pennsylvania, & Florida? @realDonaldTrump
#Trump tells Cincinnati rally that violent crime is at a 45-year high. It's actually at a 51-year low, according to latest FBI data. 
#guy says things so much till it becomes true#Toto are we in Kansas yet
And I will fact check him EVERY. DAMN. TIME.
whites who follow truplthinskin may be inbred#trailer#macandcheesemunchers#LOL
yo grandpappy wore dresses Coy and deep down inside you want to also#closettroll
CRAP you still here?  Many people have said, I don't know them but YOU ARE A LOSER
@TeamTrump will you ever come to Medford Oregon. You came to Eugene Oregon but not my town
please stop posting crap and concentrate on our country. Please don't destroy it.
#unpresidented crowds
Hey #libtards Obummer is going to need those phones back soon #obamaphone
except Bush stated that program do some work before you tweet
ugh  at this point what difference does it make?
just trying to keep you honest.
oooh you mean how the FBI kept Hillary honest?
did you watch the five hours Comey testimony cause I did. Then the 2nd bs email crap. Oh and he's repub.
we don't care shut up
You're quick to jump  on his tweets though. Must be obsessed. #MAGA
they sit at their computer all day waiting for trump to tweet like
An unpresidented picture of Trump
but don't you have to fix the catastrophe in the South China Sea with the lost drone before you go?
YUGE crowds expected to be photoshopped in overnight
he's not hillary. You do realize hillary actually did this.
it doesn't matter, because #thehag lost, genius.
it doesn't that's right! You haters elected this sob so you deal with him
Trump is going to be one of the greatest presidents.
From the moment Trump steps foot in the Oval Office, he will violate the Constitution. @realDonaldTrump
It's a sad day when Americans believe "leaks" on the internet by an Aussie hacker with a criminal record, over the CIA/FBI.
yeah we can believe the FBI and the CIA right now. Wikileaks have got it right for 10 years.
Well Wiki is no longer respected for a reason. Only believed by deplorables.  Carry on
lmao. Triggered!!!. You keep telling yourself that
Dollar Tree is having a sale on foil, go stock up. 
Opinions, there a many. 
Facts, there is one.
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/11/16/suck-it-up-lawmaker-wants-to-cut-funding-for-schools-coddling-students-over-trump.html … here is a fact...lol.
sigh, You're ignorant.
you've fooled many, but not all. You lost by 3 million votes. We'll fight you every step of the way
Keep fighting,  Hillary may win in 3030
wow! This thread sure does showoff in hidef display, the idiocy of the fringe left.
You need to streamline the communication coming out of WH. GIVING YOUR haters too many mixed signals.
so will you start to be concerned about serving your country now instead of exalting yourself?
of course not. He doesn't know how.
quote frojm WT 12/30 ‘We ought to get on with our lives’ DJT
President Trump you are the absolutely best President to ever be President. Thank you from ¿South 'Right' Now¡
the Marjority leader in senate let Donald Trump continue do stupid decisions without tell that bad for our country
Mr. Donald Trump about Putin?
Time to stop mocking the media. Deal with your promises. We support u. But stop it's a turn off
because there are still some there who believe in Jim Crow laws, which seems to run parallel to your  way of thinking.
Your supporters are well educated and sophisticated Americans
yeah I'm sure you're perfect and never make mistakes
I am not #PEOTUS, when I make mistakes, they don't usually provoke an entire country
weren't we the ones provoked???  Liberal logic is to let them have their way with us?
No, pretty sure he provoked China with a Tweet a week or so ago, maybe he will delete that too
and your point is?  I don't think china cares about your little feelings are you sad we hurt theirs?
Sane people usually play nice with the people that hold $1.24 trillion or 30% of our debt
Sane people would not have elected him, if my comments set him off, we really have a problem
My son Grayson,  in Mobile, Al. doing his part to help make America great again!  He loved you Trump,  thank you!!!!
@moonbeam19652 @realDonaldTrump Future politician!! 
are you just going to spend the next four years holding rallies or are you going to do some work?
Pls, he's got lots of other celebs and politicians to be mad at first. Vlad will ask an aide to put that on his agenda.
Lock her up!
This.
THIS!
But you say all lives matter despite the studies and research out there showing that certain races are far more vulnerable than whites.
Which is why we think 'All Lives Matter.'
BLM encourages divisiveness between races.
BLM motivates cop killers.
It simple advocates equality. The right always blows it out of propitiation.
BLM movement based on 'Hands up, Don't shoot,' a catchy phrase based on inaccurate witness st'ments in Ferguson.
Why did Officer Wilson make the claim under oath?
Are you tweeting this to cover up your china story, you know the one you started by phoning taiwan, rookie mistake!
That was not a mistake, China respects power not weasles like yourself
still waiting for that proof on the wall buttercup....chop-chop :)
Look it up, proof is there
Is it, where, post the link to it, or can't you do that because it doesn't exist, take your time :)
it exists, all you have to do is take two seconds to look it up.  I am not the government that spoon feeds
Are you still going on with yourself sweetie?
no dear, just keeping you straight.  Lol
Love that Alabama!
Too bad you have "no time" for intelligence briefings. You really could use some intelligence ....
Did you say the same thing when Obama was avoiding his briefings?
Obama see racism everywhere, except the golf course.
all the racists will be there!
A big man for a big country. Congratulations !!!

Wish I could be there but to far away! Wish you all the best #PresidentTrump I will be watching on @RSBNetwork

....... I want to cry. You finally came to my city, and I didn't find out until a few hours after the rally. :'(
are you the real Donald Trump ? You should have Piers Morgan as your Secretary of state
Can't wait till you take Office!! Can't be soon enough!! 
Shouldn't you be doing something that matters?
I would not be surprised if that was an out going administration's gift to China. Our technology and secrets 4 them SAD
you ARE my president.  I just hope that you can do everything you promised.
我他妈以为是阿里巴巴
Solar panels across border wall generate enough energy for US+Mex & Mexico would have to pay for it http://bloom.bg/2h3nZf3 
Keep stroking your ego. The side show will come to an end soon. Your ignorance will shine like the North Star. @amjoyshow
save herban pesticides
@DarrenJJordan @SebGorka @Krauthammer Hit #CockAss et. al. with a hammer, figuratively speaking of course.
THE PEOPLES PRESIDENT... GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP
THANK YOU Donald Trump for running and giving our country a fighting chance!!
of course it was the biggest..the most right wing hillbilly bigots and racist hail from there. Hey BTW  release your taxes

You were big in the South- enough said.
How can you protect us, when the only enemy you see, is the American people (ones who didn't vote for you).Shame on you!!!
I'm here hoping to stay dry but if not what the hell #PEOTUS #maga #MobileluvsTrump
Don't wasting money!
Pretty small turn out Donny, what's up with that??
you should go to blue states. Not just the deplorable ones.
AMAZING RALLY!!!
Donald/aka Creepy Dad - regift yourself to the South - don't come back - UnPresident yourself:
had your fix of attention? Now it's back to those darn security briefings
mobile hates you
do you know that in the uk a Trump is the noise someones bottom makes when its blowing out stagnant hot air.
Its great to thank people, but its sounding like a gloating tour. Time to reach out to those who will actually listen.
It isn't the last rally, you need at least 1 rally every 6 months during your term to stay connected and inform your base.
Thanks for the UNPRESIDENTED gathering. Keep wearing the Stupid Red Hat. UNPRESIDENTED! MAStupidAgain!
AWESOME!
PLEASE @realDonaldTrump DONT LET US DOWN PRESIDENT TRUMP!
My son, Grayson, in Mobile,  AL. Doing his part to help make America great again!!! He loves Trump! Thank you Donld!!!!
He will change his mind after January hysteria canbe a fleeting unstable state of mind, /#sounkind
the ppl all love you there. I watched it on tv very nice

wish you would move to russia!
why is this orange buffoon #Nazi #Trump still having RALLIES instead of preparing for his NEW (stolen by Russians) job?
2 Campaign not a race you win & celebrate,but a job interview- now u have major duties- get off twitter and do them!
all you care about is the crowds cheering....all about ur ego...what is that doing for them.....smh
When will u bring you factories to the USA?  When will u show ur taxes?  If u want to be true president come clean?

https://twitter.com/georgetakei/status/810123529219870720 … 
Trump deleted it, but not before I saved it. Freudian slip? We can all hope he, too, soon will be "unpresidented." #LearnToSpell 
Central Time?

the only hat my grandson will wear
"and the south" I see the problem. Also don't include me in your thanks
Thank you President Trump for all you are doing to make America Great Again!  God bless you!
grab Alabama and the South by the..... Horns?
It makes me sad that this is the last "Thank You" stop.  I have watched them ALL on tv.  Each one has been special.
destined to be #worstpotus evah!
Great job, except for letting Michelle off the hook!  You know that her 'HOPE' remark was a direct shot at you!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds ex…
you're the man
Come on Down South. We have tornado warnings!!  Secure your hair. BTW not everyone voted for you! You lost by 2.8 million!!
Every angry emoji during speech = terrorist paid or not who wouldn't  want a great USA? I DO!!
spelt it right that time son
Both parties would support a solar border wall. solar is now way cheaper than oil, coal, only adds 87 million to walls cost
Y R U saying that Michelle O. Didn't mean what she saw d about Hope. It was a direct dis against U. Don't be an idiot.
thank you President Elect Trump!

Thank you, Donald Trump. What a breath of fresh air!
if you're not a billionaire and you think Trump gives a shit about you, I have a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you.
a revealing slip that shows Trump knows that he is #unpresidented .
I see you are still doing the "I still haven't gotten enough attention yet " tour. Step down, you are not qualified. Shame

of course it's the biggest...it's the most uneducated area of our country
From ‘Fake News’ to ‘Fake Intelligence’ to FALSE FLAGS
http://www.veteransnewsnow.com/2016/12/17/1012294-from-fake-news-to-fake-intelligence-wayne-madsen/ …
When is your Moscow rally? #mrga
that's because they are the dumbest.

#unpresidented

idiot
More racists per square mile! Perfect for our future Precedent.
/Donald just a suggestion fromEvangelicalPastor,Umight think about not using the word Hell SOmuch!It is a real place@R_REV
what kind of pathetic narcissist does a "victory tour" after winning the US Presidential election?
A "good ol' boys" rally, no doubt.
Lie! Your crowds are dwindling an u KNOW it. Even the deplorables r on to u. FINALLY.
instead of doing rallies to boost your ego you should be concentrating or preparing to be POTUS.  USA before ego.
Roll Tide Roll!
Maybe you should stay home, study some foreign diplomacy and brush up on your spelling. #hamiltonelectors #NotMyPresident
I would not have protected press pool use a web chat website directly to US Public screw the lying news
It would be refreshing to see some gravitas from you instead of your usual sophomoric "beer hall" type rhetoric.
twitter keeps banning trump supporters! https://twitter.com/MuslimInfidel1/status/810039307046187008 …
another ego rally, how fitting #brainlessfucks the only people who like you how fitting #Drumpf #ReleaseTheTaxReturns
We love you here in Dallas area too! 

Thanks for making Mobile relevant again Mr Trump
THE SOUTH LOVES YOU, DJT - TENNESSEE HERE!  :)
Yes, I too expected: Speack a Report, Ele tem força! Parabéns Presidente Eleito!
yuck!
looking forward to watching you on Fox News Live!! YOUR THE GUY!!!
You should just stay in the South loser #notmypresident.  They can have you #TrumpLeaks
Will you wear your hammer a sickle pin again?


Yup, thank the south

thanks for the info Hitler.
ha ha.  Good tweet now run along back to mommies basement boy.
you know the south is a cess pool right
