WOW what a scam, but I guess this is the only way @realDonaldTrump knows how to conduct 'business'

two armies of revolutionaries yours and Bernie's both want same thing just different paths-UNITE THE CLANS MR PRESIDENT!
Trump couldn't fight his way out of soggy paper bag, whining. racist old wife-beater
If only Melania had just shut up http://www.bbc.com/news/election-us-2016-37685909 …. BAD, really BAD, pair of perverts. Disgusting @MELANIATRUMP
#TrumpRussia #SteeleDossier Treason Traitor Fake Illegitimate
Worst President ever! Hey remember that rally in AZ when hardly anybody showed up and you tried to make it look otherwise?
we no know she pays terrorists to incite violence at your rallies. Fact!
Check out the singing contractors on you tube if you're still looking for singers
we vote for you to keep America safe! Good Luckmake America great again!
@zap_joe No you're not. You're a narcissistic sociopath. Get help.
I you are a bad choice as a President, but a great fit for the Porn industry!
Encouraging your followers to take up arms when you lose is SEDITION.
Don't let Wednesday night get to you. Ask Hilary why she bailed out of SOS after 1 term. She said she had enough.
Matt Drudge poised to drop Hillary sex bombshell !

Excellent Point!
The New Protesters Defying Donald Trump: His Customers - The New York Times
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors! 
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors! 
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors! 
you will be the best president and bring jobs back!
u corny
@Alexmoyamusic kill us self Donald
you are a donor though soooo...
TRUMP HAVE YOU PUT THE MILLIONS OF DOLLARS of money the people have given you.
Where is the MONEY
that.... uh... doesn't look that big? Could be wrong
keep debate to key topics and avoid insults
I don't know if he did or not, but did the crowd BOO when he mentioned Paul Ryan's name?
oops, you said "for" but you meant "with"
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors! 
Says the man that has done nothing for anybody but himself!
. Forever forever
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors! 

Paul Ryan is a piece of shit too  he should have stuck by Rep. Instead of tucking his tail & running. UNITE
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors! 
@HillaryClinton I AM SORRY BUT YOU TRUMP ARE SO DEPLORABLY DISHONEST! GOD IN HEAVEN WHAT A HYPOCRITICAL CRIMINAL SLIME U R!
stop saying our elections are rigged. There is zero evidence and it does a disservice to our democracy.
are you serious?? These
 have been rigged  at least the last 8 years...there is your proof....
you've given no links, no pictures...nothing...evidence please
Rigging Election Video I Clinton & DNC Incite Violence
A true Ronald Reagan quip!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors! 

it is Donald Trump Card' that ruins its holder !
your whole life is rigged. #BillyBushMadeMeDoIt
Who is Donald Trump?
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors! 
You're going to win! Colorado is backing you!
Mexicans and Muslims believe that. Gays too. Women who have had abortions too. So rephrase to 'white people' who bla bla.
Wisconsinites for Trump #CrackHeadNation #CokeHeadTrump #GrabHimByTheBallot #GrabThemByThePussy

crooked Hillary is rigging elections by making illegals vote with fake ids fckn destroy her 
Like this if you're a deplorable so I can block you.

"Can you imagine that, the face of our next next president? I mean, she's a woman. Are we serious?"
looks don't count it's capability to perform the task at hand!Trumps a fast learner!
OMG! Wow you didn't see amy news about Hill and all her Good fellows? Lo
All I can say is Open Boarders! He may be but she is a sell out.
I just see not enough jobs or social security. Homeless, food lines, no Vets care. Add a million refuges ??
we can't solve our problems how do we take on the world now? I would love nothing more. Not real.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors! 
Are you able to register and vote in this American election dear?
Unfortunately not. The whole world woulden't vote trump, only stupid racist
Hey @patrioticpepe @realDonaldTrump, that makes ZERO sense.

It's ok for her to defend her husband, but Hillary gets shit for defending hers....can not believe her
You're fueling global hate toward Americans.
@josie13211 @realDonaldTrump No he isnt
Matt Damon explaining Border Patrols asking about #LoserDonald
https://youtu.be/DDG36wKAvs0 
Tell me why you think trump is evil, in your own words, please, @derya555 @StopTrumpIn16 @josie13211 @realDonaldTrump
I hope you don't mind that I backed everything I said with FACTS/EVIDENCE, now pls ...
... give me ur reasons as to why Trump's such a caring humanitarian (ie not evil)
He employs many people, and hes running for pres regardless of hate and ridicule
yes but when u employ ppl u shouldn't break labour laws, should pay them, not assault @rayyyych @StopTrumpIn16 @josie13211 @realDonaldTrump
Did you grab everyone's attention?
Or you can just sexually assault and rape them like crooked Bill


@steph93065 don't allow Hillary to steal the Election. http://openlettertodonaldtrump.com 
.xvmzbv.m /.Vvmxv ,.xnv.,ZDnv/. / mvmd'gm'sdpjgp[sjgtpjzdv;'zmxv>?Mzd:Vm,z?X,vZ?˛µbv>?Xcmgl;'jd
amazing. melania speaking. kept looking to left. that is known to be someone lying
Nobody with sense wants to hear you rant about this and that it's childish talk about politics.
Russia hacking US is cause Hillary left her emails to be hacked.
that's what the undecided need to know! Excellent 
#MAGA
I watched your rally live on my iPhone 4 Wisconsin you were amazing Mr. Trump ! America needs a real honest strong Leader!
You misspelled pedophiles
DJT delivers final blow to crooked Hillary https://youtu.be/2gKCLBIJn14 
And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil:
What you are saying is that you are going to vote for Hillary. Great. I did not think you had it in you.
bvmzmv'l.xmv≥≈ v./sdmnvmnzx/. ./xvm'z;djmg';asdmg;'m≈µ v:XZCv
SUPPORTERS BELIEVE TRUST ENDORSE VOTING FOR.....OUR CHAMPION PRESIDENT TRUMP LANDSLIDE NOV

I have faith that you will treat the office of the Presidency with awe, respect and responsibility. Clean the dirt out!
Watching your company fall in the toilet is really getting fun
don't let Hiliary Clinton take the fight out of the American dream by taxing middle class over 50% of our pay!
People forget about "early" voting they see on CNN/MSNBC that HRC already has electoral votes ( NOT ) that is rigging!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NfFAaPZqs8 …
PLEASE TALK POLITICS.  WE know about false polls.  Just stay on message!!  
@KellyannePolls @erictrump
ALERT!
https://mobile.twitter.com/CIndyStarbuck/status/788281386721484801 …
@KellyannePolls 
@mike_pence 
@DonaldJTrumpJr 
@EricTrump 
@IvankaTrump 
@JamesOKeefeIII
@AJDelgado13
 HILLARY HAS HIRED MORE THUGS TO DO #FRAUDPROTESTS. PLEASE LET #DONALD KNOW. 
Mr Trump-start putting an empty chair next to you onstage- where traitors like Heck, McCain, Ayotte,Toomey,Ryan should be!!
where was #@paulryan Paul Ryan?
no whining
I trust you.
make Hillary defend open boarders!!!!!!
No, you're going to do what you've done your whole life. Fight 4 yourself & hurt everyone else.
You omit money donated to your campaign from billionaires, corporations, Putin, Super PACs, El-Assad, et al.
Don't fight for me, teach Melanie English.
GREAT JOB MR.TRUMP...
10 Things On Every Millennial's Mind During The 2016 Election https://www.theodysseyonline.com/top-10-things-millennials-mind-during-2016-election?ref=tw … via @TheOdyssey
please get out of my state, you're soiling it
Does this mean you're not buying people in public office anymore? Donors to your "self funded" campaign?
Government has been ineffective in helping middle class working Americans. Stand for change. tried the rest,now try success
Liar trumps
"documentary record exposing organized group of politicians in  USA- intimidating, blackmailing companies forced for donor"
This election is yours to lose. Please just talk about what you will do. People are tuning you out. We need you to win 4 us
if you win, certainly we will need that wall because most of US citizen will be run out to Canada an Mexico...
I hope you win but im afraid!
small crowd#sad
If the Dems elect HRC she will have been proven right.
@nathanmhansen So far he has been to WI a few times or so careful to fly over MN.
@CNNPolitics
.@realDonaldTrump How come we have to pay federal taxes but you don't? How is that fighting for everyone?
.@KingV44159517 @realDonaldTrump No, I believe in supporting our military and paying my fair share. #karma
how's the trump television network shaping up, dooshbag?

TRUMP IS INCOMPETENT AND HIS SUPPORTERS  KNOW IT.  TRUMP HAS NO SELF-CONFIDENCE  AND  HIS SUPPORTERS HAVE GOT TO ADMIT IT.
the only one you serve is YOURSELF.
go whiner
let's talk about what really went on.
Great statement!
https://youtu.be/bLw34PMzcrU 
PLEASE kick some Hillary butt.  We CANNOT AFFORD ANOTHER LIBERAL TERM!
1. So you & son-in-law want 2 start yr own tv network. You know you're going 2 lose. That's why you want to convince people
voter fraud is not a real issue. It's just rhetoric to scare people and stop them from voting! Less voters = Trump Win
cvz˜v ,.nzx,.vn,.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"we have in our ship onboard-Reagan,Sanders,undicided& young Democrats..all walks,regardless of party,colors and faithlevel
wanting to sell an image imposed and manipulated by you. that great example.
Thank you,  I believe you would if you were elected.
Then please drop out!
.   Please stick to the issues Wednesday night.  Immigration. Security.  How you will help jobs.  Saving America.  Ignore. H
that's great. Now stay positive. Stop the madness
but in the meantime u disrespect the speaker of the house have you know decency
good morning scumbag! Any victims today?
You know that one of your deplorables said He's gonna take the law into his own hands if you lose! Feel good fool?
..Clinton's server scandal has demolished any faith and integrity in State Dept., FBI and Executive branch of Government

maybe you should talk more about THAT and the relevant issues then trying to talk her down.  Might help!
keep fighting the country needs you
75% of country is NOW in HC basket of deplorables: Catholics, Evangelicals, police, military, and hard-working Americans
No. 8: MK EXTRODNRY EFT to RFRN from INTRP UR OPPNT during the DB, except UNDR a few EXTRM CONDTNs
where a quick yet PWRFL COMNT is AVLBL WCH is DSTND to resonate with the audience and/or voters.
ADTNL COMNT: At a difficult time, any impoliteness could be misinterpreted, or associated with UR CONTROV past comments.
To be continued this evening.
has been one of those donors. Proudly announced .... [ I call. They answer. ]
if you lose election which i hope you dont move to australia much safer than usa and invest your money here
You do realize that 1848 is not the CURRENT year, right?
Thank you, Mr. Trump!  We will fight your make you our next president!
http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/10/donald-trump-2016-blue-collar-woman-214356 ….  Victims of wrngful thought brought on by enablers like Clinton. B Willing to chng the demgrphics!
U care less about "The people" out 2ruin GOP & our country w sick obsession to get even @ShareThis
do not defend the undependable it's not worth it(it becomes a childhood argument)
@CTVNews @CTVToronto 
A LANDSLIDE is a coming 
That rally was absolutely incredible! Such a privilege to be a part of this journey with you. #Trump2016

if Trump wins with a landslide, the leftist lies will be fully exposed to the whole world. Are the liberals gonna Kamikaze?
go to the Mummers, you fit right in

'Keeping up with Trump revelations is exhausting. By late October, he'll be caught whacking it outside a nunnery.'  http://rol.st/2eeaZl0  
@realDonaldTrump #GodBlessAmerica Ultimate Donald Trump Thug Life Compilation | Funny videos 2016 https://youtu.be/Nv3ztlYPa1A 
Fellow PA Trumpers, Toomey is a joke! Won't fully support Trump. 
http://theincline.com/2016/10/17/pat-toomey-debated-katie-mcginty-and-dodged-every-trump-question-he-could/ …

Vote Clifford: respects Trump
flawed U R BUT U vowed 2do better than this.Dont really want it do you!Some deal closer U R!A joke& we could have had cruz!
Tell that to Puttin
REMEMBER, Trump's Personality Won't KILL our cops, Soldiers,Jobs & National Security, but Crooked Hillary's Actions WILL.
looooooser
No room for GOP women, disabled, Hispanics, blacks, gays in Hillary's America. She sends people to beat them up & firebomb
if you are complaining about everything drop out. Kellyanne needs to shut up.
Billion dollar loser!
CROOKED trump!!!
Crooked Hillary's going to steal the election by silencing WikiLeaks
Rigging the Election Video 1: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
I am a huge fan. I just want to say that you can win this election
 If you stick to the policies :-)
We believe in government serving people. But we dot believe in you being in government to serve us.
"Philippine no.2 broadsheet newspaper out-of-stock due to controversial PHIXET issue.Pres.duterte current chairman of ASEAN
Saw you groping the children...perv!!
thenn why are you still begging for donations?
This is what Donald Trump thinks of African Americans. Watch him & that ignorant buffoon, Don King.
Washington doesn't care about the people

DT focus on ALL the issues tonight & prosecute Hillary for all Americans to see tonight! Make America Great Again!
Good.In debate pls talk about Rep. platfrm opposd to Dem's:tax& spend,economy,Nat'l health care, etc peple want to hearthis
you fight for trump and only trump
God be with you and the citizens of this USA. I know you are the one that can save us from more corruption.
did you find that tweet at the bottom of a barrel.
Every voter should know, you have served yourself for 70 years,  and you always will. Besides I have daughters and sisters
stick the issue. Let's stop this "rigged" system. It is a sign of losing and your voters might vote.
Promise a proper investigation into 9/11 and you will win.
We need your victory
Trump/Pence 2016
Maybe you should have thought about that when you were talking about assaulting women.
@vken106817 Ha! Great night?  Until your record is clean u will never win! What a bozo
Just use this LAST DEBATE to Address the NATION as a WHOLE Tell them what you Can & WILL do for our Great Country Again
you are so sickening!
