They did.
TIA TO PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP
with an unlimited budget? Is this swamp behavior?!
yes
Please just be quiet.  Stop tweeting.  We can't stand to hear your lies any longer.  Try to act presidential if you can
Sir, I cant believe all these Tweets, Go to Work !!!!!!!you've no time for this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@janismclaren1 
OVER RUN BY LIBERAL LUNATICS.. 
Time To Re-Open State Run Mental Hospitals, it's become an Occult!
@_ali_yassine it was the red smartie that I was "seeking"  God Bless the #winning
keep up the good job!
but your really good friend seen to it you won the right states #cheatermuch
Reality is > many people felt unable to vote in a system - masquerading as #democracy - that only offers two short straws.
are you and your Russia wife working with Mr Putin to over through American
blame, shame or fame.  How about putting some focus on yourself for once?
haaAaa

and yet like Obama he was able to win the popular vote. Twice. And undoubtedly did more good for the economy than you will.
you made MO ey selling hats made in China oh yeah that's Channa

Mr. Trump.. This is right, huh?.
When are you going to show us your tax returns????
But I don't believe you

old Hillary funneled millions to Chicago and New Orleans. She was trying to win the popular vote. Not the elector college.
It's all about their stupid strategy.
It is over Donald, please prepare for your Presidency, why are you dwelling on this , be productive for USA! Child behavior
嗨～胖子
yes they did, Thier mistake. U won everyone's acknowledging that u won, so y r u still stuck on this?
YOU WON GET OVER IT AND STOP BRAGGING U JUST MAKE URSELF LOOK LIKE THE SPOILED LITTLE RICH KID U ARE.
stop being like hillary and obama by talking bad about people including them and their spouses.
Demographics had little to do with it. You were pre-ordained to win out. MAGA.
there are elections again before you know it....better take care of these poor souls!
https://youtu.be/d2s9AV910NY  
Enough already. You won. You went on your Thank You tour. You sound like a 6 year old.
Why are you talking about this STILL? Sorry dude, popular vote lost by over 3 million. Wha? 
You lost the vote, even with Putin and Comey helping.  You are not legitimate.  You should resign.
Haha 

#prick
？！？

The final vote count showed Hillary Clinton won almost 3 million more votes than Trump.
are you saying that some of the US is more important than others? Gee, what a great leader you are #trumpisaninfant
Election is over. You lost the popular vote.  You lost over half the country.  You are disliked by most Americans.
why don't you think before you speak?
http://news.valubit.com/former-cia-spy-has-a-surprising-christmas-message-for-trump/ …
help me sir plz
Also they focused on worthless issues
You still loss the popular vote.
yes dear leader
you go head with your run on sentences that make no sense
Merry Christmas
Latinos for Trump!!
What?  Your posts are incoherent!  I am so embarrassed that our future Pres. is still harping on about "winning" 2 mos. ago
palestine for ever
how dare you talk about Hillary. The reason why they lost was cause you rigged it you and your cronies.
so Kellyanne is your tweeter in chief?
Has ANYONE asked U to autopsy the2016 election?U'd rather climb a tree 2 tell a lie than stand on the ground&tell the truth
They should have had your master, Putin rig it their way! How's that tiny party coming? Nobody coming, huh donny?
it doesn't matter let's show our dogs some love! http://Www.brite-bite.com 
They focused on states with most people and more money and ties to money
@lynn_weiser and it helped that their candidate was a complete disaster and criminal w/ serious health risks...
more of hillarys blunders, she is a walking disaster.
I respect the office of president but not you. You will NEVER be my president snowflake.
please my president do something about NYC MTA trains. MTA is a joke.

You made money selling stuff from China and selling out your country by not buying American hats
what are you? Like 8yrs old...wrong he called me...na na na na na na!!stick your tongue out too!!!Fucking big ass baby!
Slick Willie is a piece of excrement, he needs to go to prison
Believe it or not Joe Biden got it right.  Hillary did not run on issues.  She just assumed the job was hers.
The election is over. Your time would be better spent focusing on preparing to be president.
who cares dude!
The elect vote was joke like the campaign this year. We need a reality check here. You got the power, do something.
LOSER
People didn't get excited about a crooked throw back career politician? What a shock!
WTF is WRONG with YOU??? Do U realize that you will B #POTUS ??? Do U h/ a Clue what that actually means??? #Notmypresident
STOP TWEETING
why are you still talking about the election?
SHE GOT MORE VOTES SO SHE DID 'GET' THE PEOPLE

The fact remains that most Americans didn't want you.
#AllStatesMatter
or maybe you're using an obsoleta system that is not democratic at all, seeing as how you lost the popular  vote
you lost by 3 million votes
Move on!!!!
Steve Bannon is White House personal adviser,Jeremiah Wright,Honorable Minister Louis Farrakhan should advise you as well.
my president acts like an idiot.  Obama don't leave 
Why would give such irresponsible statement regarding nuclear arm race? Choose your wording wisely sir!
Trump won't be reelection, Putin and him will fall out way before then. In fact I give him 6 months before he'll be out.
liar. You called him. #notmypresident
It's time to move beyond why who won and why who lost.
hell you had Russian espionage, GOP suppressing POC votes in every way & FBI assisting. Wonder what the $$value on that is?
sore about the fact that you lost the popular vote by more than 2.8 M votes? That most Americans oppose you? They do.
no Don, it was the message, not where. And you're smart? Ha! #RESISTANCE
He won the popular vote TWICE & as far as $$, don't spend as much when you pay yourself back by using your own facilities.
hope u are a good president as we all hope u would be
You scared old white men into voting for you. Fraud Trump supporters are Cowards.
#idiotelect still talking about the election. The one thing he won after the birth lottery. Such a looser. Sad
you can spin it any way you please. You won with less votes than Mitt lost with. Sad, huh?
She did not campaign.  Frankly I was surprised she was running , bad campaigner all these years . Even Obama was worried w/stale message
she didn't win cuz she's Hilary Clinton! & U are what this country needs! Keep us safe, and get criminals off the streets!
president-elect Trump please help Eric continues charity work thank you
You won - let it go!  Be presidential (which is not boring but dignified and respectful-not continually fighting w/people)
What are you? Like 3? Holy crap! Grow up! Kid President is more like a president than you!
enough already!  Don't you have a security briefing to attend?
new tag for u....under budget and ahead of 270....yuuuuge
U even admit #GAMEtheSYSTEM for a win the MAJORITY of #AMERICA does NOT SUPPORT, the WORST kind of #LOSER #DONtheCON
It would of been more money spent if you actually paid anyone instead of stuffing them
Republican Secretaries of State are cheap.
No. They just assumed more people had character, sense and human decency. Apparently not.
take your meds and chill already
Maybe he has enough cash on hand to pay for a 2000 mile 20 ft tall wall.
you are my President and that is what counts!
Michal Moore was trying to bribe the electors, I think he should be prosecuted for that
your grammar is atrocious.
idiot.
I am Thankful You Won!!!
will somebody tell this fool the election is over and he won
again, consider focusing on all the states not just the ones you can buy. Rigged election, now who was it that said that?
I hope to god you get my last tweet. I'll move mountains to go see you again and  lots of ibuprofen! :)
Mr. Trump. I'm a disabled 28 year old dude who has turned out for you 3 times. Can I please get a ticket? I go hard 4 trump
AYFKM? The election ended 6 wks ago! Quit gazing in your mirror and start figuring out what your job is. #WorstPrezEVER!!!
. Its ok u won just drop it already
States that supported u have a high # of people signing up for Obamacare, which you were going to kill. ?ing the IQ's.
they didn't vote lol u bad math and people u admitting bought win?
https://medium.com/@ChrisWarcraft/fuck-you-donald-trump-c644ae3dd94c …
I love me, I think I'm grand, when I go to the show I hold my hand! You should know that old saying, it suits you!
do you even know hoe many states are there? #notatrickquestion
#theemperorhasnoclothes
I will give you that but the fact is- more people dislike you.
Unlimited Budget Political Elites & MUH Citizens UNITED narrative #BTFO
Move on sir.
Get over the election and focus on the important work you were elected to do.  Stop stroking your ego.  You'll make errors.
never count your eggs in the basket...always wait till the "fat lady sings"
said the troll that worked so hard to suppress voters and lied and cheated his way to PEOTUS
You are absolutely mentally sick.  It was Russia that won it for you.  Not the American people.
Regardless, it's gods plan Overcome evil, with good. Judge by others actions? Stop attacking our president. We the people..
lost by 3 million...we call that a LOSER
Thank you.  We look forward to four years of continued election analysis from you.
U could spend your time much more constructive than trying to lecture Hillary on her post election strategy. Go learn dude!
He won two elections dipshit
What a baby
You are embarrassingly insecure. Why do you need so many reassurances?Must be the small hands
electiral college needs to be abolished...not doing their job...outerwise you,d be out
3000000 mote votes. ...she did fine ...she won...you lost...
Arkansas loves you Mr. Trump!!
you're such an interesting man. everyday for a year and half i have read your remarks. you are comforting and i trust you.
Hillary's main problem was that someone (cough, Russia) hacked the election.
