& it's hard to share your tax return when you're running with the Mafia ...
Not like Hillary's pay for play from our enemies.
you better do ur research & quick: Irish, Russian, just 2 name a few; check out Castro & the Cuban casinos while u're at it
#ATX
you are trying to deflect the fact that Hillary chose to accept money through her foundation from Saudi Arabia and then
The US is an ALLY of SA bcuz of geopolitical issues. +CF actually impacted MILLIONS for GOOD.
SA should be punished for human rights violations not getting free arms from America bc they pay hilary
aaaaaand that was a WILDLY illogical statement of your rabid hatred of HRC.Lets actually EXAMINE facts!
PS ma'am, I worked Whitehouse, Camp David Staff. She's a nasty crook. Trust me !!
@HillaryClinton having a bad night Hillary. You interrupt with lame lies. No wonder your not trusted.
lmao....pot...meet kettle. He didnt actually answer most questions. #unfittobepotus
well Hillary answered hers but just more lies. The truth isn't in Hillary, never had been.
LOL...Hillary was not fired from the Watergate Committee.  Looks like you are the liar.
Minchy, Hiw many fact checks do you need. Yes, Hillary as now, no ethics and a liar..
It's not true, check a non-propaganda source and learn something.
Ok, Next !!
http://conservativeamerica-online.com/7-scandals-hillary-wants-you-to-forget-watergate/ …
LOL..."conservateaverica" didn't give you a clue that it's also a propaganda site?  Really?
@realDonaldTrump @TeamTrump I'm with
im with trump....to drop out of the race!
President Trump, I am just a very poor old woman in Ga. but I wanted to be able to say " Thank you for being one of the best Presidents."
You just sold weapons to Qatar after calling them a hotbed for terrorists.
Conclusion: Obama supports terrorism. No doubt about it.
#PresidentTrump is fighting #Terrorism on all fronts to keep #US safe
just a reminder: Saudi Arabia sponsored the terrorists involved in 911. Oh, but they have oil, so give em guns
They also like child brides. Like Donny. The golden showers tape is probably real and they are 13 year old girls.
13?  I bet he started in on Ivanka younger than that...
Thanks Obama!!!
Thank Obama? For what?
Well I see u r new to Twitter so I won't b mean! Just look above what I said thanks to,you have the same tweet on your page it's called
@realDonaldTrump
AND DONALD TRUMP JUST DID A BILLION+ DOLLAR ARMS DEAL WITH THEM!! NO WONDER THEY MET HIM AT THE AIRPORT!

Uh, remember they killed him? This is a ridiculous tweet!
@realDonaldTrump She's a disgrace to our great nation. #debate
Now look who's the disgrace to our country. Look into the glowing orb for the Saudis Donny!

Truly fake news
Thats why Clinton and now Obama have foundations to hide money.
Actually the Trump foundation is the one that had shady dealings. But as a Trumpette you believe the exact opposite of what really happened
@realDonaldTrump if any other man did what Bill Clinton did he would at least have to register as a sex offender
OMG! So would Trump! Check facts on all the court records with # times he had sexual harassment suits! Honestly you Trumpettes are crazy!
@sme4201968 Trump finally made Hillary show herself LIAR,Thief,Traitor,Treason,EMailScam,Murderer,Benghazi,We Don't Forget!TRUMP
This was the civil trial the world wanted. Verdict? GUILTY on all counts
Now who's guilty.  Who is going to jail?  LOCK HIM, SPENCE, SESSIONS, FLYNN, BANNON, KUSNER, HIS SONS AND DAUGHTER WIFE UP. LOCK THEM UP
Angela come down from the red bull. Reread the thread bc I dont think you realize what we were talking about.This @POTUS doesnt bow 2 Islam
why r all Trump's fans so angry?  calm down
I think u need to calm down,bc ALL the Left,Libstards,Dems,Ninjas,Hollyweird,Rock Stars,TV Ppl,MSM ARE ALL ANGRY!!Trump supporters r ALL bc
Very sad what #Obama administration did to sponsor states like #Iran by paying them billions of dollars.
خسته شدیم بس که انگلیسی جوابتو دادیم چرا از رو نمیری :-/
تِری جون علف جدید سازگار نیس بهت ساقیتو چینج کن قوقول
president #trump
u r best president for iran,but know our right is more 300 billions $,not 1.7
#us blocked just 24 b$ iran money in 1979
Without God back in our govt. nothing nor anyone will ever make America great again!
It's a shame our country was built on exact opposite of what you say. We have the freedom to choose our religion- not like dictatorships!
This isn't right. Plz fix this Mr. President
I love Trump family!! Gob bless them. My friend and family are behind you all!
We're still waitng for Trump to deal with Iran. Hear what he said last week.  He said the Iran deal will remain in place. u were conned
IT SAYS IT ALL!   TRUMP 2020 !
He is one that didn't age well, considering you said Saudi Arabia was behind 9/11 yet you push to get them a "great deal" on US weapons.
Yeah, much better to get paid by Russians. Eh? Right guys? Know what I mean? Hey wait, where is teamtrump? Did you ask get arrested already?
It's also hard when you supply arms to the country that makes them. Or did u not know what Saudi Arabia's known for?
Thank God !!!  There were so many blatant breeches, Hillary & the former pres. s/b in prison for high treason! So many horrible secret jabs.
?  What is going to happen w the national gun carry law?  I stand with you and god bless 
1.7 billion of our tax dollars given to a terrorist country with no authorization from the American people.
Yea right. You have done nothing.
By Trump denying Climate Change against NASA's Data which leads worsening storms that kill.  How is he/you not a terrorist?
I can't figure out how to tweet but I get so much out of reading your tweets Mr President Trump!
Together we will make and keep America Great Again
Together We will make America Great Again
U r a bad man! U tell lies
People is scare of terrorists and they don't see that they are controlling by someone who looks like them.
Kelly is the worst
After all this time everyone talks where is the action From Hillary--traitor Ryan From Comey--Rice Loretta Lynch-- McCain not inJail orfired
President trump don't deport the gang members ms13 and 18 street just kill them all
hola. Te
Presidente. De  estados. U cm nidos
Puto
What about Mecca, S.A.?
Instead of draining the swamp you just joined it. #syria#Assad #deepstate so sad our President .
So true, using our own money to destroy us.
trump pence making America safe again You jest They have repealed all protections for this country people animals this is a jr russia
mr president keep up the good work you have my support m Jann – at Historic Richmond Town
@realDonaldTrump gives money to Paul manafort and Putin.

He grabs Putin's pu$$y without permission. Putin likes it that way
you think just for the country, you live. YOU HAVE TO THINK MORE GLOBAL. YOU HAVE THE CHANCE NOW.....
I Am Proud To Have You As My President Mr Donald Trump
just getting cash payments from the Russians right???
. RUSSIA SESSIONS TRUMP. FAKE NEWS. OBAMA SOROS CLINTON. GV IRAN N RUSSIA URANIUM TREASON. BIRTH CERT FAKE KENYA.OBAMA. JAIL THEM!
PRESIDENT TRUMP. THE MEDIA IS RIGGED BY 6 FAMILIES. DEMOCRATES WANT NWO WITH ISLAM. SOROS RIGGED ELECTION MACHINES.  ITS ALL TRUE
OBAMA GVS BILLIONS TO IRAN ENOUGH URANIUM TO BUILD TEN BOMBS SETS IRAN FREE N SANCTIONS RUSSIA N ISREAL FOR NOTHING. TRAITOR!!
/
purge them out sir you need a,strong team democrats drag their feet
treason and he should be held accountable
Donald Trump, you would be the new Ghandi if you could get rid of Iran and Pakistan from influence.
Open obamas sealed school records to see his status. If he's illegal, then arrest him.
Hilary and obama should be in PRISON!!!!!
Why?
Your video should show the cash flying out of a hellocoper..
..if mr. trump does not like Iran , maybe he would like to tell us who his allies are in the region. Other than Israel of course.
These payments is akin to "Paying a bully to keep punching you in the face." GO TRUMP
Sir,First you will have to cut the spend of US money to pay for information,some federal law enforcement agencies are spending $$
@TrumpKremlin  That is the mentality of an evil leader, 8 years of misleading  Americans to believe what he is not.
How much money are you giving Russia in blackmail $ for your misdeeds on foreign and domestic soil? Fake Russian Prez. SO SAD!
thank you President Trump!!!!!
I want to sue Congress as they want my granddaughers to pee with men in the bathroom and I am scared of Muslims
Jeffery Epstein is a fabulous guy?
Loads of innocent Villagers were killed by black water  their Cients giving the orders and who reaped the benefits
Research pipelines through Iraq Seria Saudie Turkey
we all supported Obama Care not any replacement of Trump's
trump think he gin to send me to Arica  sorry trump but it ain't going down
Not to Africa, but to school, to help with your grammar!
So stupid. He gets news from today show. That was their $, not urs. U cant steal $, oil and he better stop giving away our parks.
He will be Americas best President only Ronald Reagon was a Great President and Mr. Trump will be a great President God Bless
the crates of money started with bush
Saudi Arabia is the LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR, DO SOMETHING ABOUT THEM
see UK news "awarded £1 million by UK Govt to former Guantanamo Bay detainee and he still detonated car bomb at Iraqi base"
yeah, but the biggest state sponsor of terror is the US, surely?
cool
now @realDonaldTrump our @POTUS receives payments from countries who attacked us. Sooooo much better! #winners
as scary as this is it is of no surprise. Obama needs to be tried for treason along with Killary. Simply astounding.
omg remember this?  How about now???
THANK YOU MR.PRESIDENT!!
Kindly Come up to renovate Replica Goverdhana and Utkala Vrindabana. 

Requesting to Renovate Replica Goverdhana and .....
Kind

Requesting to Renovate Replica Goverdhana and Utkala Vrindabana sanctified with the sacred footsteps of the
Kindly Come up to renovate Replica Goverdhana and Utkala Vrindabana. 

Requesting to Renovate Replica Goverdhana and Utkala Vrind
they got paid to stop playing with nukes, their support of terrorist was a willful blind eye to get the compromise.
Obama was always there helping his Muslim brethren-all the way from WH staff appts to funds for Iran-those days are over #MAGA
this tweet proves that Donald Trump was NEVER capable of being president. Too deluded.
insane giving haters $ Iran!That is not in the us citizens best interest,terrorists now blowing off missiles,"death to.america"
you go man
Hey! Remember when you told them this?
Yeah, they believed you!
HOW COME HE DIDN'T SEND MONEY TO THE "AMERICAN PEOPLE!? He better NOT come to Palm Springs! He won't be welcome here!
AND I'M LIVIN ON SOCIAL SECURITY WITH OUT ENOUGH MONEY TO BUY "FOOD!!!!"
THAT IS F#@*KING UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  HOW COME NO BODY MADE A "FUSS" ABOUT THAT!!!???
brain dead team trump
Yes!!!!
Thank you for stating the obvious Mr.President 
USMC MWSG37
wow the whole " Make America Great agian " more like " Make America RACIST Agian " .
how's that going for ya?
that was their money ,bet you thought we forgot or you were to busy blowing bannon to read your sticky note
#trumpblows
nice
AMEN
Iran vs gulf states.. hmm.. maybe u don't understand Muslim terrorist groups and their ideologies...
bullshit, lies, and Alternate Facts
The foremost is Saudi Arabia. A county Trump has many businesses in. He did not ban Saudi Arabia.
"world's LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR"? That's Saudi Arabia. Remember nationalities of the 9/11 hijackers!
@hempoilcures It was their money!!!!!!
I have said when Odumma gave so much to the Muslim Brotherhood, Hillary would get the money and she did.
love what you are doing.  If you want something done right, go to FOX NEWS
Obama should be tried for treason. Along with Hillary Clinton! Our tax money pays for this!?!? #enragedamerican
we are all happy with you
I take it you guys have forgotten Reagen and Bush creating and financing terrorist organizations, then?
is Iran on the vetting list?
that's the coolest way to admit and unmasking a bad VS President. Do it better @realDonaldTrump
WRONG
The largest exporters of terror r the Saudis&European Zionists(that includes you).You chickens came home to roost in 2001.
Save us from the mess OBAMA left!!!!
please don't let Soros Hitlery and OBAMBAM, get away . Execution only way
, it's hard to fight terrorism when they've invaded our government via OBAMBAM.
Do you mean Saudi Arabia? You know, the Saudi Arabia that most of the 9/11 killers were from and which is not on your No Immigration list.
That's fine but do something about your state sponsored selling of arms by your Lords of War to these people,
 or is it commerce.
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP! I feel safer already!Stick to your beliefs,the America Way,the way it use 2 be!!Leave USA if unhappy

And you support Suadi Arabia, who give money and weapons to ISIS (Goatfuckers International)
Iran is under US surveillance
and Ronald Regan was also responsible for an arms deal with Iran
really happy Trump will run against putting the U.S. in poverty and not makeing the same mistakes
yes , it is time to end illegals immigration now. You are doing excellent job Mr.President Donald J.Trump.
Mr. Trump, Do you know that  @Carhartt have 5 plants at México, 3 Guanajuato state and 2 Durango state, they have 2,500 workers
voter fraud on  Hillary. Not on Trump. She knows Putting not Trump. Grow up loser..
at them Obama is not tried for treason
I'm so THRILLED Omaha is GONE, THANK YOU for those who voted for President Trump
Happy to hear your trying to keep our money from overseas terrorist groups! I support all your doing. How can I help?

keep your sense of humor, donald. pls. reply.
what happened to the FHA credit for buyers?
America is great! You Blowhole!

was sick to my stomach when I seen Obama did this.  My whole family was to. 61 family members voted for trump .
Time too go to work.Good luck

kick some Ass you of anybody can do it! Bless you on your journey
Now they (Iran), can make nuclear weapons and join North Korea to make threats on Israel and the US. Not good.
PLEASE Stop Deploying Anymore Army Reserve Troops To Kuwait!!!! 
Do IT Now! Keep our Army here in the USA!!
this is bullshit
false news
