u know us #SmallBiz Employers R holding on by R fingernails.. Regs R killing us..
some not able to even after 50 yrs. I'm sad.
yea.. Ive watched several generational bizs closing lately.. It just breaks my heart.. @realDonaldTrump
don't worry, someone from CERN will reopen it #Mandelaeffect
Obviously @FlatEarth2017 u havent a clue of what I speak.. smh.. @sherrylou916 @realDonaldTrump
Flat earth idiots haven’t a clue about anything, not even the earth they walk on.
and please Max when the day comes don't ask for our help
Find an explanation why the sun moves slower the more you go south of the equator? Than come back 2 convince me
help your friends lower taxes on corporations. I'm sure you will, and sell it to us as trickle down. Been there done that
HYPOCRITE! BRING YOUR OWN BUSINESSES BACK TO USA!! Suits/shirts/ties should be Made In USA not China!!
actually it's Mexico, sweetie. He likes it there.  No global warming to speak of.
1- global warming is all over the planet 2- most of his clothing line is made in China or Bangladesh
what about your own company?
Does that include your daughter's company moving to Ethiopia?
good food there!
you will be beside reagan,lincoln,FDR,wahington as a great pres. Let us n make US great again!
substantially**
Do you see
Do you see?
You don't get it. Sad.
Do you realize he never even hid this? (Mexico manufacturing) Probably not if you haven't been listening to him directly.
are you kidding? Are you really that blind as to what's happening?
No, you are. Once the propaganda wears off you will see better. #MAGA
I wish you were right, but unfortunately the one that will see better will be you. He's only out for himself.
A man who wallows in bigotry and white supremacy will never be my president.
It's been 27 days & I still haven't seen 1 video (unedited and chopped up) of him supporting supremacy...
Good work
thank god for some rationale thinking ! God bless president trump!
#SMB is behind you, you're going down in the history books!
#notmypresident 
Sending another business  to Mexico?
YES
are you bringing your jobs back to the US?
. Business is business.
Right, Squinty Eyes. The rich & powerful get the store & the rest of us get the shaft.
as long as you can make a buck
..and bankrupt the country! #DonTheCon #TrumpLies #DumpTheTrump
That's the deal... "Make America Great Again"
build a wall, so they can't leave US
i will bet carrier is keeping warehouse and office jobs here not true manufacturing
go to bed
you and your crony capitalism has to stop
True! Even Sarah Palin thinks so!
when are we going to see your TAXES? Why are you and ivanka still making products overseas? Hypocrisy
Nah fam.
nice. Better to invest in your country than in other. I hope all world leaders learns from you

Exactly.  Incentives . . . and deterrents!  #MAGA
lots of people have been saying SNL gets better ratings than the Apprentice ever did.
So far you hav givn carrier a large gift for 800 jobs and ignoring the carrier plants in the rest of Indiana.
your up early lol
our new president elect can't even spell lol.  Oh my
you cannot write a complete sentence correctly either
I can. 140 characters isn't enough to get out a full message. I can spell and write a book lol
How do you "spell" a book? Please enlighten me. #Bimbo
you obviously can't read . I didn't say " spell a book"
*substantially
your account is the one that needs deleting.  You cant even speak on any real issues
saving jobs isint an issue? Better go to your safe space now.
Tell this to the 1100 losing Carrier jobs he didn't "save". "safe place" is always a big hit Mouth Breather's Greatest Hits Vol 11
u don't get it. Give him credit for what he did do. And many more jobs coming.
He gave a billionaire company $7M in taxpayer $. Why do we have to beg cos making more $ than God to stay here? No "credit" due.
paying less in taxes is not "taking" taxpayer money. Counting money before you get it is not a winning strategy.
Please educate me on how we run a country chasing jobs with tax breaks! B/C that worked out so well in the 80s
You spelled 'substantially' wrong.
So he could stay within character limit. Thanks anyway cupcake.
An ampersand instead of the 'and' would have solved that, sweetcheeks
quite odd to see nazi and trump in one tweet. No seriously. Quite unexpected.
How about that @nbcsnl skit last night. Hilarious.
you misspelled substantially
Please help to stop killing in Sudan

so you indirectly support Donald Trump. Good to know.
not my image/tie.
phew. Got worried for a second lol
Intelligent people flee backwards rural areas. Your entire argument is based on people who couldn't get out.
Will Apple now manufacture its phones in America?
And this is how the loop hole will work.

#businesses should be given incentives & allowed to more money 2 reinvest sounds like an economic plan to help create #jobs
Because trickle down economics hasn't been disproven. Cool story, bro.
he could've let those 1000 go to Mexico and replace them with $7 fast food jobs - like OBAMA
yes. Because the nearly 10 million jobs created under Obama were all at Carl's Jr. Try again.

you do know that more white people take welfare than any other group.
Because there are more white people. By, capita, not even close.
Friend had a roofing business but couldn't hire because the cost of insurance was astronomical. High taxes destroyed him.
bham!  right?
Ok, but how do you reduce the national debt while reducing the tax base?  Just curious because that would be phenomenal.
Merry Christmas
how much evidence do you need that unregulated is never good for consumers?
How about reducing taxes on the little guys?
Will you serve the same taco bowls in the Whitehouse as you do at Trump Tower?
I sure hope so!! I had one a few months ago at the grill and it really was the best!
Great ,great for you..you are really going to make America Great!! I'm so very happy that you are out president to be!!
ew un follow me
didn't you do this as a business owner?
You go Mr.President. You will make America great. I am very sad and disapointed that you let little h get away with so much
Your economic policy will cause trade wars and raise consumer costs to the American public. Reganomics does not work.
If we are going to lower taxes on labor, we need to offset them by equivalent increases on environmental damage. #CarbonTax
Mr. Trump tht makes rich people like u richer. If u keep reducing taxes. All of the trusts holdin the money ned to b busted
Hey Donald try Vet One Model WI 0012425 "Aluminum Bondage Spray" in 120mg Spray Cans for only $12.95.  Apply it "Liberally"
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
you will destroy america
too late hillary already had her hand in destroying america
leaves our country? You mean like all your businesses?
look at that face!! Are you a dude
another idiot sit back and watch snowflake! Go back to CNN

It's important to note, @realDonaldTrump, that Carrier--after taking $7 mil in taxpayer $$--is moving jobs to Mexico
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
They didn't take taxpayer money. They were allowed to keep more of their own money. YUGE difference!

sadly all his trumpets don't seem to understand that he has played a massive joke on the American people.
#GodBlessYou #Retweet #InGodWeTrust #OneNationUnderGOD #GodBlessAmerica #MakeAmericaGodlyAgain
Ps.33.12
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, the people whom he has chosen as his heritage!...
-@peplamb @realDonaldTrump God has heard the cry of the poor & given us Trump. God took a shepherd boy&made him a king. Why not again?
Trump will usher in the rapture
.@realDonaldTrump
#StillWithHer
The wall street/Soros backed candidate lost.......twice
"We are going to give Yuge bribes to all Corps that threaten to leave! "
Thank you Donald
but not including your own, no?
how about those $200 million CEO pay checks. Why can't the incentive come from that?
YOUTUBE Autism videos were MADE BY A KID Thanks for bullying the CHILD Donald! Tough lawyers took him DOWN!
You show all these haters that you are the right person for the job. Action speak louder than words. You can do it!
So you're going to reduce taxes and regulations on businesses. Because you're anti-big business, pro-the people, yeah?
reduce taxes on companies? Are you kidding!? already get huge cuts: huge profits
if they leave and come back and you put a 35% tax on the goods guess who pays WE DO! They just raise their prices..
You're cutting taxes for big business? who is going to pay the taxes that they aren't? The lower & middle class that's who!
smooth move giving Carrier 7m Indiana taxpayer $.  
thank you! This is going to give new entrepreneurs a better chance at success
but what about the rest of us???
@happit1776 how about companies operating in US, but their services are provided by Chinese people? This is not fair to
"substantially" Sad.
will get some more taxpayer dollars and subsidies for blackmail to stay in the Us
Maybe you could reduce yours to zero so that bad press could go away!!!
Why don't you just write a check for big business. The money is going to come from the middle class anyway.
wait but not one of the 838 trump/Ivanka products was made exclusively in the US..628 labeled imported & 354 made in China
isn't that what you did and do??
Please do something about overseas call centers. Place a huge tax per call. We need to bring those jobs back.!!!!
We all know you're only looking out for businesses. You are building a dam in the swamp you said you were going to drain.
Keep it up!  You are doing great!
You spelled substantially wrong. Also, why are you lowering business taxes but raising mine? You hate the middle class. 
Big business is thriving and the wheels of globalism will be nearly impossible to turn back. Focus on the people.
Blah-blah blah Racist blah blah Bigot blah blah taxes blah blah conflict
Not one of the 838 Ivanka's products advertised on http://Trump.com  was made exclusively in the US
800 jobs saved at Carrier. How many jobs created in McDowell county WV? They'll take 800 new jobs.
- it will be important  to have Romney in the cabinet as a unique management talent and  for ideological balance
great
customer support services for Verizon, AT&T & HP in India & Philippines bring jobs back you gonna charge them 35%. right
Like yours?  When  are you bringing back jobs?
tons of expats in CR building the beaches!Panama.
what about my tax load? I'm about to be killed on capital gains.
I live week to week $400 but only $300 take home #welose
, so where will you make you ties and suits now?
I thought you would just bribe them to stay like you did with Carrier.
Yeah 2 your fellow millionaires & billionaires and F the rest of us again YOU FRAUD you put all your rich pals in cabinet
no corporate welfare. So much for a free market
Start with yours.
Yes putting $4 billion n u r family's pockets.
I totally agree! ANY BUSINESS MOVING ABROAD SHOULD BE TAXED ON THEIR PRODUCT COMING BACK TO THE USA. IT ONLY MAKES SENSE!
WHat are you going to do for unpatriotic business guys like you and you kids who have their products made over seas?
#BSDon
Thats the best idea I've seen anyone use, its the best.
that include Ivanka companies too? Her stuff is made in China Also
how will you bring jobs back? Tax products from companies like your daughter's to make it wiser to manufacturer in US?
Also, you know regulations after DDT brought back eagles.  DON'T YOU?
they move jobs and factories to other countries, firing American workers and also bring foreign workers to take US jobs
so yr still going to tax Carrier for firing 1300 workers, right?
Ooh! Little Donnie is telling a fib! Corner time, little guy. Sorry, but you have to do it.

#Trumpisaninfant
what a hypocrite! Where are the penalties for Carrier still sending jobs. Big 10year tax cut for your big rally. Liar!
I am sure you will by raising taxes on the middle and lower class. You will only help the wealthy.
This isn't how capitalism works.

do you think we are idiots?
then how are you going to pay for the things the country needs fixed?
http://fortune.com/2016/11/15/president-obama-donald-trump-wake-up-call-temperament/ …

LMAO
About American companies running out of the country. Do you intend to close all your hotels & businesses outside of the US?

.@realDonaldTrump Oh dear! A typo, as if contradictory content and grammar weren't bad enough. Should read: 'substantially'. #trumpgrammar
Reaganomics on steroids.
I know.. This will be funny (not so much)  if we have to  see the economic bottom drop out  like  Reagan.
you mean except for Carrier I guess.
and?
DT screws American Workers. Carrier to move 553 Carrier jobs  to MX. 700 workers at Huntington plant will lose their job.
@Reuters @BBCWorld @dna A Great Punch To China By President Trump For Snatching American Jobs At Home&Keeping Enmity,Nice 1
You do just realize that you tweeted to complain about a comedy skit making fun of your tweeting? It's spelled I-R-O-N-Y.
what are you doing for me. Less than a year to live. I need my disability check and medicare. Can't afford to buy insurance
live on $1,030.00 per month disability. Am terminal. How can i afford health insurance. Can't live like this.
The "people are getting cheap goods" is a MYTH . outsourcing is to benefit RETAILERS on the mark up margins
funny you mention taxes #aboutthosetaxreturns
Stopped watching libbed out @SNL. Offensive MS level comedy- T&A, gay innuendos. Been done before! Not smart fresh comedy.
STOP LYING TO THE PEOPLE!   The trickle down theory is the piss on the people practice.   GET A CLUE!
AMERICA will do great with a MORE friendly BUIZ enviroment..,
keeping businesses in America especially if they have contracts with government.
create jobs in Mexico it will reduce immigration problem, American companies can profit by it, save money on building wall.
.@realDonaldTrump what about your ties and tat and your daughters clothing "line" offshore manufacturing jobs? Return to US NOW! #Hypocrisy
finally a president that uses common sense and is cutting out all the b.s. that has held us down for so long
Big business is doing just fine, what about the middle class they've leached out of existence?
CDC is killing millions of Chronic lyme disease sufferer's
how about your businesses that produce goods outside the US? Good for you but Hell for anyone else?
Regulations are what helps keep companies honest, sir. B4 regulations, many businesses were sweat shops.
here's an idea start manufacturing your products in the US.
Does this include massive outsourcing of major US airlines have been doing for over a decade, 1000's of people out of work.
what are the plans to increase revenue? Take away grandmas medicaid? Rob SS? File bankruptcy on the US debt? #changeon1219!
Thank you for caring.
say so
We are counting  on you to drain  the swamp and stop terrorism!  We pray for you.  Good luck!
Very good step .
Thank you!
This trickle down policy has never worked, makes the rich richer and the poor poorer, when will these idiots learn
that's great of you, to reduce over population in a particular country 100% support
you right, do it pleasefor better world
yeah this is my chicken!!
so who is going to pay the taxes all these other businesses aren't paying?
This tweet is a word salad worthy of Sarah Palin.
Good direction,Mr.President !!
Will get massive tax breaks to stay. You're not going to penalize any company you have stocks in
I am just so sad so many people are so negative toward good things...GET ABOARD>>LET'S HAVE A BETTER L:IFE AMERICANS.
Very Good Idea And Law!!!
#voteforpedro. Crybaby.
Bravo Mr Trump!
Little sugestion : How about your new Cabinet taking NO SALARY ! That will look good to the Country .
will you raise taxes for the people
