Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."

Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Maybe you can discuss the wall with him. You lost your balls with the Mexican President today.
VFox says as a leader you can't lie, take advantage, or cheat people...Hillary, if the shoe fits...
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
I'm a legally naturalized citizen, and wondered, would anyone welcome people cutting in ahead of them on Black Friday?
While you are over there check out their tunnel systems and then tell us how your wall is going to do any good.
why isn't anyone talking about the bus accident in Laplace la that killed 2 ppl?
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Trump Model: Felt Like 'Slave' Working for Donald's Agency - ABC News - http://abcn.ws/1YB31E2  via @ABC


C'mon, Trump never been in the same room with so many blacks. Photoshop DonTheCon
and the tweets are coming in one by one from Mexican dignitaries. None of them want you. You have ruined yourself with
when will you take that merkin off your head?
@StopStopHillary oh no! That's sooooo much. Let me go hide under my bed w all my guns
I've seen what insurgents have done to people w my eyes, up close and personal. I don't need the Internet
that's a bad comparison. Takes years to get into the us. And many of those refugees are our interpreters.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
You and your silly wall..
I'm with you let's let all everyone in and lose our jobs because they will take any pay check #Trump2016
I'm European, living in Europe. Not thrilled about unbridled immigration, but Trump is no leader. @realDonaldTrump

#Trumpsaloser
Thank you for doing this, but prayers for a safe trip.
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
go trump, I'm supporting you from England  good luck on becoming potus
Glad we still have friends in England. Congratulations on BREXET
We exchanged thoughts on BREXIT once & I congratulated you on the BREXIT outcome. I wondered on the progress
you'd have thought getting married in #NYC would have helped, will have to keep trying
Jim sorry for the trouble moving to the USA. Your in my prayers. The best of luck to you my friend.
This is a bad Idea. #FranzFerdinand
trump was close friends with jarred the subway guy.. what does that tell you about trump? Sleezball likes young girls.
NOT TODAY. Now he LOVES MEXICO & Mexicans. Your guy sold you out!  As we knew he would.
Haven't seen you apologize for the same thing.Oh,right, you never apologize.
Lyin' Don.
stay focused on your new leadership and do what you do best. Make a deal that is USA oriented a day benefits both sides!
COWARD!  such a big rman talking about Mexico paying for wall at rallies but not man enough to say it to Nieto! #NoBalls!
no he didnt #lyingtrump #spoiledbrat
heyyy, you just made my day. My whole attitude changed in a matter of minutes 
Wow! Yeah I've been here all my life, know exactly where you're from. Went to Tims church for 5 years, he relapsed & died.
Hope you bring this up at your meeting today>>>
He's not an illegal immigrant.
you are great 
quote "complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States" You think that's great? Unconstitutional
@marylene58 @Ajay649Ajay @realDonaldTrump It is not unconstitutional for the US to say no to refugees.
put a damn shirt on man. This is Twitter. 
you never apologize for shit. At least he has some class
I hope he's assassinated over there
as much as i hate him, and i really do. I can't agree with that :(
I never thought I'd be able to say that and I guess I'm just frustrated but he wouldn't mind if Hillary was
i know. He's a disgusting amoral man who will run us into the ground
says who? Read up on the ramifications of Hillary's economic plan then say that
yeah, it doesn't look good.
so why say trump will run us into the ground? Hil has no plans beside grandiose platitudes
#Vincente comes from a long list of Macho, Misogynists from all I read and seen on Hollywood T.V. and Silver-Screen.
President Enrique Pena Nieto . 

Please keep Mr. Trump as our gift to you. 

Thank you 
The American People
Mr. Trump is a world class leader.  The Mex president is on his knees.  Love Trump!
trump is not world class at anything in fact he is a fraud
He is a world class business man who pretty much rebuild the NYC skyline.  Hillary is a  dangerous unfit peraon
I he attends his rape trial that starts sept 15
Was this for Bill and Ms. Doe is Monica.  Hillary destroyed many women.  H also defended a rapist in the past.
, I invited you to come and apologize to all Mexicans. Stop lying! Mexico is not yours to play with, show some respect.
seems that he disagrees with your statement...#LyinDon
Mexico will pay for the Wall!
that is another trump lie...Top Trump Surrogate Says Border Wall and Mass Deportation Will Be "Virtual"
well watch his speech tonight
that would be a NO!!! the speech will  be written by his handlers otherwise he'll sound like this...
Trump In 2008 Interview: “I Support Hillary, I Think She’s Fantastic”
T turned on the Clinton’s when he decided he wanted  to be President. He is a fake.
Vincente Fox did more damage and caused more corruption during his presidency than any previous and current president in Mexican history
Are you talking Fox as in the human trash who raped his Country, exploited and sold his people, watched students murdered
Vicente we don’t need nor want a corrupt Mexican President. got more than enough Mexicans already stealing taxpayer money
#NeverDonaldJokeTrump 
#PeopleAwake 
#Hillary2016
#Loser

dang,... Vote for TRUMP!
The man is an out of control lunatic.  Rocket Man with no rockets!
Fox couldn't even govern mesico
.Might wanna look @ his today's am tweet.....'In your face'.....
LMAFO.   Donnie, you suk!
All of Mexico is going to tell you to fuck off today
why don't you move there?
because I think America I great right now
Maybe for you   Slowest growth lowest home ownership highest # of unemployment 20 trillion in debt r u nuts
unemployment is at record lows
No it is not. There is a difference between unemploy claims & actual Unemploy Because of Ocare  part time have replaced full
why are companies spending record sums trying to recruit people due to a competitive job market ?
what companies. Generalized statements are a waste of time Nice try
Uh, I think there is a TV ad that clearly shows you using the F Bomb!!  SAD
@CNNPolitics  @maddow another lie!  Vicente Fix invited you to APOLOGIZE!   You A-Hole.
f-bomb, that's hilarious!  You mean when he said 'we will not pay for that fucking wall' #HillaryForPrison #IndictHillary
?? this tweet makes no sense
How long will you continue to embarrass our Great Nation?!!!
Fox is as relevant as Romney or Job. Don't sweat it. He's very anti PenaNieto anyway. @kayleighmcenany @EricTrump
@jhausler Sounds like you did a great job..keep up the good work...
FUUUCKKKKK YOUUUUU LITTLE SCUUMBAAGGGG!!!!
you facist! You are a greater disgrace to America than Nixon ever was.
Another lie. He invited you to apologize, not to take in the sights and enjoy yourself.
Does reality mean anything to you?  #delusional #liar #pathological
Ex-Mexico Prez Vincent Fox is apparently using Selective Amnesia in Vying For Leadership Initiative with the current Prez.
. He called you Hitler. You're f...ing lyer
You didn't discuss who would pay for the wall?!? WEAK! You looked scared too. 
how about that wall
GO AWAY! @HillaryClinton is so much better than you in EVERY way it's not even a competition.  #goaway #Hitlerwannabe #ick
you're childish
OMG...will you NEVER stop USING people to try and get votes.  "Angel Moms" on stage is such a horrible way to campaign!
oh really, another dum?
@KellyannePolls Lying sack of sh*t failure, Treasonous Trump,u should have polled an audience
Someone like you, he actually apologized for using the F. bomb.
.....how's your escort illegal wife doing??  Her price gone up??
GREAT GREAT DAY Mr. Trump! So so Presidential!!  GO TRUMP!!
we  you. save our country, 4 all ,after its over ,lets just be Americans. There is nothing wrong with 'ing America.
So the f bomb is the same in your opinion to racist ideology, pathological lying, over whelming personal debt....?
I think he was the one who invited you to that Aztec Temple!
"f bomb"? Come on.  You've said much worse, Bucko.
Fox is no longer President. Let him rail. It's not relevant at this point.
And this is why Trump is not qualified he lied again.
jajjaa your a joke. Jajajjajaja
wipe out the drug cartels who hurt but the USA and MX and use the dirty drug money to build the wall.
#BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall Or #MaybeNot #TrumpMexico #MAGA 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yfIxBjOw3o …
we've seen the hillary commercials. Have you forgotten that u use the f-bomb? Is ur health failing?
@VicenteFoxQue bunkers yesterday @ hysterical @jorgeramosnews interview:blasted"f"again so loud even @laurawbush heard it! @realDonaldTrump
The slime ball tries a new sleazy trick with his visit to Mexico
What a brazen liar you are
You come from a German family WTF
@KatrinaPierson don't worry MR TRUMP Fox is history. Good thing.
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT
@PoliticalEditor As I said ...
He's not apologizing to you now; he's apologizing to Mexico for your presence.
Cool, you can regale each other with Fbomb stories. What joy!
#AmnestyDon the low energy choker  you folded so fast how would you stand up 2 the rest of the world?btw we won't pay 4wall
omg you're nuts! He apologized to Mexican people for you coming to Mexico ! They even protested you geez you're dumb!
every sane leader of any country would be well served to distance from your nightmare
you're a pathological liar.
You are a joke.
we need a strong businessman as Russia is about to back there money with gold
Are you ill?  So low energy in Mexico! Did they do something to scare you? So sad and weak. Even you hands looked smaller!!
Remember, he is the 'former' President! Stay strong! Great press conference in Mexico! #RED4TrumpNov8
As he should. Stay strong on your commitments. We back you up!! Go, Trump!
Sounded to me like you showed your aces and he got caught bluffing.
Um so Mexican prest said u did talk of who was to pay 4 wall? GUESS IT IS NOT THEM. CALLED U A LIAR
@VicenteFoxQue Donald is clearly lying.  Pres. Fox invited him to go Mexico to apologize to the people of Mexico.
Even though they have invited U, know that you are not welcome," "Mexicans have dignity and we repudiate u"-1st lady mexico
U rant about punishing illegals, how about people who employ them? Like yourself. U hired illegals 4 your modeling agency.
you know I'm sorry and I feel sorry for you but I don't believe you man

doubt that
@jimmyrusslles Liar liar
by the way a double standard by @BarackObama who was negative on U in Mex but went to Europe during his race 2 B President
He also said not paying for your wall. See he will apologize for the F bomb but not you Sad very Sad #WeakTrump #NotaLeader
CLINTON can pick up the phone & get the president of Mexico in a second. DOESN'T NEED A PHOTO OP FLIP FLOP FLIP FLOP FLIP
Don't believe you!
soooooooo when's the first payment for the wall that you speak of SOO frequently, but didn't mention ONE time in Mexico?!
@KellyannePolls MSM trying to make it look like T is lying but he could make this rebuttal tonight:
CNN other wise known as the CLINTON news network and look at van Jones on his knees going from pole to hole
@DennySarver says announce FOX VISA for Mexicans only. Special program to deal with 11
M undocs.
Where is V Fox's money ???
you remind me of a big piece of dog poop who's been left out in the sun. It has flies swarming around it & it stinks.
IMPARTIAL Discontentment Judgment Discretion Perspicacity. ANGER [FEAR] Bargaining Acceptance Repented Recovery.
Pres says: "At the beginning of the conversation with Donald Trump I made it clear that Mexico will not pay for the wall."
you did great Donald keep it up 
You give true meaning to the word LEADER. I've never donated to a candidate in my life but you! WE NEED YOU!
funny how you won't say "fuck" but you'll talk all day about a-bombing innocent Muslims.
no reason to mention why you didn't discuss wall further-it obviously was first meeting so don't let idiots make more of -
hes a fucking joke even for us mexicans. Hes low energy and his wife is the one pulling the strings. #sewer #rats #mexico
http://pastebin.com/CSBqEbSK 
ill just leave this here for you.
SHOW YOUR WIFE'S IMMIGRATION PAPERS IMMEDIATELY IMMEDIATELY IMMEDIATELY
you looked quite presidential opposed to @HillaryClinton who is still in hiding waiting for storm to blow over-won't happen
#LawandOrder  #BuildTheWall #TrumpPence16  #AmericaFirst #MAGA
#immigrationnoclue
. Trump all talk no action! Went 2 Mexico & looked like a big PUSSY!!!!
How much drug money has the US confiscated this year alone? you could build 6 Walls!
Didn't discuss who will pay for the wall? #CHOKE
Goes to show treat others how you want to be treated. #BuildTheWall
. @realDonaldTrump you're very loquito, cabecita de woody woodpecker.
oh and you've never used the f word when giving a speech?
He demanded you apologise for your words, this is public knowledge, why would you think you could even get away with lying?
LOSER !
Stop it please you're crazy
Lol
Are you going to get all refugees out and all sanctuary cites gone ??
Vicente fox is probably the biggest drug Czar of all the drug cartels in Mexico
TRUMP FOR VILLAGE IDIOT 2016!!
I'm happy you went to Mexico, its a "in your face" #HillaryClintonforpresident
http://Mr.Fox  is very confused. Just like Hillary he has no Idea how to get things done.

sure he did...
MrTrump this tweet only show us you're not ready,you're like a child fighting with words and of course you're not be psdnt.
If you do what you want to remember that in your country all Latinos are the most work in your country
He said Fuck You Trump?
You are THE criminal alien!!! From educated white woman!
I hate CNN coverage of you the way they twist words and make up facts . Great work today president trump !
