so how much of that do you pocket
0% as clearly stated on the donation page twords the bottom.
Plenty of Trump businesses being paid though...
#CircleJerk
As stated above, 0% of donations go twords personal benefit.
Lmfao, if they lied; they would be in jail 

Just like Killary will be in a few months 
Or Trump,if he's convicted of child rape for example.
He will not because it's clearly fake
Drain the swamp? More like "bring in the bigger gators"! #nevermypresident #traitor #Putinspuppet #Drumph
hey,i got a question.Didn't you say you wouldn't be asking for donations since you know,you're soooo rich?
Can you confirm that the FBI is investigating you and your ties to Russia?
Are you really as stuppid as you want us to believe? Look Y'all... This is HRC's brand new Clown..
If you are going to call someone stupid, you might want to learn how to spell it first.
Lmao Is this the best you have? Is American English the only correct way of speaking and spelling Bro?
Just find it ironic that you call someone stupid but can't spell it yourself.  Undermines your credibility.
Being able to spell undermines my credibility in what way? Or is it linked to my believe that U R wrong about DT?
I dont believe you
You lie to much
Its second nature to your breathing
Go Hilary
 BE FAIR AMERICA 

@HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump

#Halloween
#HillaryForPrision 
#MondayMotivation 
#MAGA  #StrongerTogether
https://youtu.be/85NmW5Fz38E  MUST WATCH DONORS.  This is your money at work.
And how much did you pocket?
Welcome to White House Mr.President . 

#TrumpPence16
OH FFS,this moron won't win!The last moron in the white house started a war(G.W Bush).Not another one!!!!!.
hasn't been a bigger waste of money since you paid for a hair stylist. #trumpshair #TRUMP #tinyhandedmoron
THE END IS NEAR HILARY
YOU'RE GOING TO JAIL
BLAME YOUR STUPID SELF
I'M LAUGHING AT YOUR
RIDICULOUS TROLLS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
but grump has done nothin? if anyone should b criminaly prosecuted its grump! embezelment-tax evasion etc.PRISON!!
10m Came from you, so really $15M, and it's not a record or even close to it.
so?? At least he didn't steal it
No,he just screwed over his own workers.Do ANY of his followers do research on him?
you certainly do any research novella.  I certainly don't pay for shifty workmanship. Do u?
@DanScavino ಭಾರತೀಯ ಪ್ರಜೆಯಾಗಿರುವ ನಾನು ಡೊನಾಲ್ಡ್ ಟ್ರಂಪ್ ಹೆಸರಲ್ಲಿ ಉಚಿತ ಶಿಕ್ಷಣ ಭಾರತದಲ್ಲಿ ಪ್ರಾರಂಭ
ah yes, getting rich finally
ARE U SEEING ANYTHING? IT'S AS IF MY BROWSER ISN'T WORKING....
did you listen to your wife's  speech every thing she said you are the opposite. She insulted u how do u feel about that
Let's pay the electors, Trump Style!
Why does a self proclaimed billionaire need donations from the common folks to pay for ad space?
How can the swamp drain itself? How can pus disinfect itself?
.@realDonaldTrump @jaredkushner @IvankaTrump 
You'll never have the 3 things you most want:HAIR,the Presidency and Ivanka back in your bed.
where is all the money you pledged? Yet another empty Trump lie
You know you can't use this money at your trial for child rape, right? https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/oct/12/donald-trump-jeffrey-epstein-alleged-rape-lawsuit … V. important.
"Jane Doe” attempted to sell a video describing allegations about Trump to media
aren't you the dude that walked into a charity for an hour but didn't donate?
I can see that you can't wait to get at the trough
We need to stop Hillary Clinton before she gets the chance to sell out America!!!
Here is my donation to you! Click image
Okay. Every time I see Trump ask for money, I send Hillary more!
I Voted TRUMP! Damn Proud.  Easy decision.  Finally, someone Bull$hit Free 
I see somebody found your Russian server, Don. Treason looks good on you. #ImWithHer #trumpisataxevader #MAGA

in Rubles?
pay your legal fees with it. You're used to taking money for one thing and using it for another.
sociopath and liar.
Where r your $$$$? Talk a lot but do little!
I suppose, whatever has to happen so you don't have to 'waste' any more money. Stop bragging about having kicked in $100mil
You're so full of shit.
thought you were funding your own campaign what a joke.  You're  a joke. 
and you are still short of your promise.  Liar
Hillary- Shillery
zYOU ARE A PACK OF LIES
use your own money... quit taking people who pay taxes' money.
Well good for you. Now you will have even more money to pay into Your own businesses. Your up to around 8 million, might as well run it up
why can't you pay your pollster???????
how much you pay comey
And if anyone knows about swamps and drains, it's you, uncouth wig model.
proud to be a continued donor to your campaign!
If you believe that one he'll tell you one more! This is possibly the biggest liar that's ever walked upright! Do tell!!!!
why contribute to a man who does not fulfill his own pledge? Where's the $100 million Drumpf? Being audited? #poortrump
word is out this is not true
I'm hopeful you will bring real change and unite our broken communities.
best of luck
Best of luck sir
congratulations!
Congrats! I am sorry I doubted you. She has no crowds like you said. Close their shadow government down. Best Wishes!
If you was dying of thirst in a desert, I wouldn't give you the sweat off my balls to save you even when you begged.
stop lying. Where is the paper works and your taxes..
why you taking money from people???
You said you are billioner ....!
Lier!
Drain the swamp. Get rid of Trump supporters.
just met a group of voters. They told me Trump will not win because the man is so crazy!!! They are so sure of it!!!great!
How much will you be spending on self-portraits and attorney fees?
http://www.newsweek.com/2016/11/11/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120.html … #MAGA
taking money from hard earned Americans to fund your personal world domination bid- your unbelievable
@ThePatriot143 liar
you are a great man America had your back
HEADLINES WILL READ NEWLY ELECTED PRESIDENT HILLARY CLINTON - HURRAY
Cool, you could use it as your own personal slush fund, like you did with the Trump charity accounts.
How much did you finally chip in for yourself?  #cheapskate
That is so awesome! now you can buy an even bigger portrait of yourself.  #whinylittlebitch #TinyOrangeHandsBigLyingMouth
OUTSTANDING!
.@realDonaldTrump Yea Plenty for Legal fees etc...you rotten thief
WHO CARES WHERE'S THE 100 MILLION YOU SAID YOU WERE GOING TO PUT UP. THE 5 MILLION TO PRES.OBAMA
is this CONTRIBUTION link like your FOUNDATION Donald ?  Are you using these funds to pay for self portraits & legal costs?
how much money did you put in? I hair or your charitable contributions are what you say they are
DONALD READ THIS

http://www.politicususa.com/2016/11/01/comey-letter-hurts-gop-hillary-clinton-raised-11-3-million-online-72-hours.html …
Prove you raised that much money. You said you would have contributed 100 million to campaign. Believe it is less.
Look you got it in the bag stay on script and message you will be the 4th president. Issues and teleprompter. Look good sir
#MichiganForTrump
a lot of many for nothing. Lol poor people.
Did daddy Trump come back from the grave? POS 
Well, as usual you focus on your money. Try focus on your politic. Oh wait, you have none... #Trump @HillaryClinton
how much of that gets siphoned back to your pockets thru your businesses? #NeverTrump
will that be used to pay off your lawsuits like your charity did?
give the left a bloody nose from me
go #Trump u won already "take a look" @ her lol
thought you were self funded Lying politician didn't take long swamp doesn't need you  GO BACK TO TRUMP TOWER please sad!!!
So that you can pay your pollster???
what about this money http://bipartisanreport.com/2016/11/01/breaking-donald-trump-floored-by-massive-32-5m-tax-evasion-lawsuit-days-before-election/ …
, @HillaryClinton  raised 25 million in one day, just ask Morocco!!
you gonna buy a portrait with it. Bahahaha
Wow!! Imagine how much you could raise if you weren't "self funded"
I donated 
donated money?
so since the FBI reopen Clinton email what have you done with the Wikileaks's and the rigged election is Russian still help

keep hammer down on Hillary Clinton and Democrat Party and don't let up

So you aren't even pretending to self-fund your campaign anymore?
I DOUBLE DOG DARE YOU TO POST YOUR TAX RETURNS! We all want to see them, believe me, tremendously! !
@Science1Music Great, read reports.
monies you will pocket after the election I'm sure. You've been making a killing selling your products to your campaign.
DON'T EVER USE MY WORDS AGAINST HILLERY CLINTON WHEN YOU ARE BAD FOR CHILDREN DONALD TRUMP AND YOU SCARE CHILDREN
and how much of that went to your own companies eh? not a bad scam buddy - buy more hats - raise your own rent
you Are the swamp
DONT YOU CARE THAT GOD IS WATCHING YOU HURT PEOPLE?  DO YOU HAVE A CONSCIOUS DONALD TRUMP?
You mean Sheldon Adleson
YOU ARE A SATANIC PERSON WHO HURTS PEOPLE DONALD TRUMP.
@KatrinaPierson GIVE BIGLY!
good to hear your Russian friends are contributing
drain that swamp!! :-) , you are doing awesome! Keep up the great work. XOXO!
#POOR_Donald too little too late. What happened to the other 50 mil you were going to put in. Bullshitting as usual
Really more from Russian bank?
That's a lot since you told everyone you were self-funding your campaign. Lyin' Crooked Goofy Donald.
As usual taking money from poor people. You Suck
mr trump I can not wait for you to be president and drain the swamp
Where's the remaining $34 million you promised? #MrNotSoDeepPockets
Prove it. Release your 2015 tax return
Why don't you pay your pollsters?
yeah raise enough money to pay your child victim. :) (allegedly) lmao
@DrPhil @TheDoctors @DrOz @NRA @GOP @Reince @ACTBrigitte
-@TeamTrump - The U.S. law prohibits foreigners, like me, to donate to Trump's Campaign Organization.   But, morally, I do.
The billionaire still begging for money still not willing to use any of your money like you said you was going to do liar liar pants on fire
Russian Mob Money for Heir Commandant.  Lining your pockets and trying to pick ours!  DUMP TRUMP!!!
In that case, why don't you pay your pollster, Tony Fabrizio, rather than stiffing him as you have done to others.
one morw time and that's it!
- how much without your $10 million?
Use it wisely :D!
look presidential....stay on message...no Mistakes....you got this....
I donated!!! xo
Online donation? 

http://www.jpost.com/US-Elections/Last-minute-Adelson-flushes-Trump-campaign-with-cash-471380 …
Why would anyone contribute to you #crookeddonald
Hmmm... I bet the price to rent out a conference room to yourself just went up... by about 25 million dollars.
I thought you were self funding your campaign
I thought you were a self funded billionaire.  You will probably keep all this money and pay yourself back you sociopath.
I thought this campaign was self funded
So, KGB has been paying nicely for your dirty work? Or is it just your NAZI & KKK friends' money this week? #HeilTrump!
is every thing a Record lie with you. You just broke the Record in the most bullshit in one life Time.
1 week for you to make good on your promise to put $100m of YOUR money into it.Where's the rest of YOUR contribution?
Awww....look what happened to your Hollywood star. The rest of your life is going to look like this soon, traitor.
fight till the end u Will success
amazing some voters still want HRC after WikiLeaks revealing her lies & crimes. Scary this is character of many in nation.
was wondering how can I look like more of a douche? wear a make America great hat and change my name to deplorable Jeffray?
Hope you've put in some of the money you gained by avoiding taxes.
The government ESTABLISHMENT is as corrupt as any MAFIA organization except they do to us legally what mafia go to jail 4!!
Thats awesome!! How many fountain refurbishments is that exactly?
Dear @realDonaldTrump , I'm already contributing a lot! Yours, Vladimir
the fear is growing around the world about your possible election...
Nobody mentions Hillary's confidant Huma Abedin's mother's Radical Newspaper,Connected with Hillary's 13 unsecured servers
- how are you going to "drain the swamp"? The swamp you have always been part of. You don't understand the Constitution

@bernerbaby I truly believe you are a conman out to fatten your wallet.
and the Clintons???
Clinton wins, the world remains somewhat sane, Trump wins we're all going to hell!
afraid we'll have to agree to disagree on that one :) HRC is pure evil
Hitler was pure evil. Hilary had an unauthorised computer server. #whocares
and the rest. It's not just about a server....
pretty sure she hasn't set up any Jewish death camps.
lol ah... but I didn't compare her to hitler  you did. It'll be interesting to see how US election pans out
is that an angle bracket? idk donz i don't think angle brackets really connect to the younguns as much as you might think
#MakeAmericaKindAgain. Is this another TAX WRITE OFF DON'. You are known from white"washing" loses into income for you IRS!
