what a surprise, free Heath care is too expensive for us. What a joke, another Obama Fail
it's called affordable healthcare. Not free healthcare. That won't happen until we raise taxes on very rich.
you can't tax us in to prosperity. We gotta get Trump elected so we can make the government more efficient
did you know, all the wealth that was in the middle class before 08 went to the top 1 worlds richest?
the smartest financial minds will always end up with the money, most folks spend every dime they have.
Oh my god, so you know what it means to worship a false idol?
why are you going after me?
lies so much he actually tells the truth by mistake. Think video tape!
you sound like a liberal
what will Donald Trump do for you personally? Building a wall and killing trade deals won't do it?
another liberal!
If creating 3 million solar power jobs in the next four years is liberal. YES!
I'm sorry are you for Bernie or hillary?
If you cared to look at Dem platform you would know his voter deserve to have half power!

can you tell us why it's a disaster? And I did not ask you abou ISIS or HILLARY.
great news! You get to kill 3 million call center jobs if you repeal Obamacare. That's a great start to bringing jobs back.
other than repealing I don't know that I know what solution you're proposing other than five bullet points on your site
your not alone in not knowing because he doesn't know himself. Can't understand how we accept it's a secret?
You have mental health issues!
thank you President Trump
INDEED Thank You Mr. Trump! Smart women know this is a wk of LIES“@MCCNP:@realDonaldTrump thank you President Trump ”
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Trump in Cincinnati
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!

who cares
if only your preexisting condition had a cure..
hilarious! !!
thanks!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
— Trump - the people want TERM LIMITS !!!!!
you're a disaster
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Mr.Trump please win this election..
pay some tax
How would you know?
Speaking of disaster, have you checked out the electoral college maps lately?
Really? Don't know where you found the time in between abusing women, cheating on your taxes and stiffing your contractors.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
We have your b/c you have ours
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
and the rest of the country knew #ObamacareFail for years. Seems dems r either dumb or willfully ignorant or liars or all 3
there dilustional
i was one voting dem since 95. No more. Way too corrupt and refuse to admit it. Plus trump is better than H
yes he is thx u
@HillaryClinton On November 9th the headline will read: "From "the Apprentice"...to "the Biggest Loser"!!!
@loserDonldTrump @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton praying ! But that woman is one strong broad!! And has to be smarter 's
You've also been saying for years that you sexually assault women and peep on underage girls.
I take Donald Trump at his word. He has admitted, on tape, to assaulting women and entering changing rooms.
And the changing room shit was Trump BSing Stern. No real "victims" of peeping have come forward about it. All Spin
You are wrong.  Several underage girls have confirmed this incident.  https://www.buzzfeed.com/kendalltaggart/teen-beauty-queens-say-trump-walked-in-on-them-changing?utm_term=.noJ3ZroMN#.yaz6ZbVa1 …
When did "Buzzfeed" become a reputable news organization. They have the Clinton liberal agenda so far up their ass.
I pay $732 a month. That's through my work! To hell with Obama care and Hillary!
It's flippin ridiculous!
It sucks, penatlies 4 those who don't sign up unless u are at a super low income, even if you make 25k/yr you get a penalty
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
If U R ok with men saying Ur daughter "A piece of ass" or say "I would date my daughter if she wasn't mine" Sure Vote trump
So, r u saying most recent older woman who said you GROPED her wasn't attractive enough? No Ivanka? https://vine.co/v/il2qurJQdlt 
It was about taking government control of the economy and bisinneses. We don't need them in our business.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
insurance has almost tripled in 2 years. It's 1350.00 for two ppl and we never use it. If it goes up anymore we're screwed
I just voted for you
Obama is a SEXUAL DEVIANT #MediaSilence

Snopes is Liberal Garbage now. Cant trust it anymore
http://dailycaller.com/2016/06/17/fact-checking-snopes-websites-political-fact-checker-is-just-a-failed-liberal-blogger/ …
So you link to a hard-right "news" page. Good job.
If ur honest with urself u dont need factchecks to run ur lies,I bet if it were Trump U would see it
So you're saying the media should not need to call out candidates on BS? Come on.
NO u for making believe u dont see it, Dont lie to yourself always seek truth or suffer consequences
Fine, want some truth? Your candidate has lost two debates and is going into full meltdown.
Be Presidential: Are you better off now? Are you Safer? Which candidate will make the changes in the USA
tell the people if they want a real American woman in four years they can vote for Melania
Just saw a news article - Biden wanting to take Trump behind bleachers and settle things.  Who's a bully now? Unfair.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Ignore the stone throwers. God brought you to it, he will bring you through it.
keep your phony piety on your own Twitter time line we need realists nit zealots
TRUMP PENCE I THINK I WAS ON TRUMP TIMELINE, MY OWN ANSWERING YOU. WHO ARE U2STOP GODS CHILD 4GIVEN
just a sane American who recognizes the psychosis of Trump #NeverTrump
The Lord will forgive you 2 if u ask and believe
so lets get it repealed !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't know which is worse. Either Obama lied about HRC email knowledge or he thought he was email her securely when wasnt

God bless you DJT! We are pulling for you big league!!
then focus on how you would fix it. Stop the gloves off ranting. regret that husband talking me into supporting you now
do not address these allegations against you just stick to the issues nobody cares about them anyway
I care but Trump is MAN enough to admit when/if he messes up. Go Trump!
Neither is employer insurance. Single payer now!
white Germans thought Hitler would make them all powerful. He killed all those with no blonde hair blue eyes
Democrats thought Obama was right, now islamists are killing  infidels, gays, atheists,...
history lesson. Middle east has been fought over by Sunni and Shiite Muslims for centuries.
supporters of murderous intolerant fascistic islamic ideology are fascists themselves
HILLARYS A LIAR

.@realDonaldTrump plz don’t ever mention the state of MN ever again this is a sacred land
#MN is the sacred land of environmental terrorists and anti mining hacks. MN only makes the news for idiocracy!
.@JosiJean19 @realDonaldTrump LMFAO OK
#Governor Goofy Dayton at the helm.
.@JosiJean19 @realDonaldTrump ur just as good at nicknames as Don is u hillbilly
#Said the make shift cartoon character devil?
.@JosiJean19 @realDonaldTrump Jos u don’t wanna go toe to toe with me ok
#Does the devil have toes?
If you're against Trump, you're against America! #NeverDownBallot http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/10/benedict-ryan-paul-rino-for-prison.html …
No, if I'm against Trump, I'm against misogyny, totalitarianism and the destruction of America. He's an idiot.
Bams goal all along was govt takeover of our healthcare- single payer- total control no competition- seniors die
soo true
YOU RIGHT AND WE KNOW ITS A DISASTER,,,KEEP ON MESSAGE
should sue the hell out off these woman for definition of character without proof any of what they say happend
You are a liar and cheat. You are the disaster. #icon #GOP #p2
apparently you have been saying lots of things for years.
I have been speaking of this from day one. I am a Pharmacy Technician and seen it take money from the senior citizens.
pig
We don't have Obama care in Minnesota. We have Minnsure.
Democrats concede that it's not a perfect plan. Thanks to conservative obstructionism.
Thanks to the President I have insurance. When  u screw up the US medical  system will u pay formid class to get insurance?
OBAMA CARE SAVED MY MOTHERS LIFE. With out it my mom would have been DEAD.
go offense stay on point. Stop Defense! Just diversion trick. How dare MO say that bull after what Bill did!
with you and I am still waiting. I have huge news and I'm from Houston. BIG NEWS. Get in touch..
The only disaster is you Donald !
foolish trump
All the lying propagandists at ABC, NBC, CBS, NYT say that Obamacare is a huge success.
Many states had PRE-EXISTING coverage b4 Obamacare! Ask @CStevenTucker he knows. @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @EricTrump @IvankaTrump
Trump we know  it's all fake   and the people are fake by CNN go Trump it's all a script from Hillary and CNN
- BCBS FL raising rates again 24%,This is criminal, family of 4 paying $3007/mo today will be $3707 in 2017. $45 grand a yr
no outs absolutely not. I went from $60 to $650 per month. Applying for medical now.
we've been saying it all year you are the disaster
Due 2 Insurance Co. Greed & Eric, ur Son! thinks, "most human beings have said things like this themselves". Who ARE u Ppl?
THE BIGGEST Healthcare disaster. Believe me I know .I work with it everday. Get rid of Obama and HILLARY.TRUMP 2016
@BonnieGranny It was ALWAYS a scam.
Yes, yes you are a disaster. #SAD #CIRCLINGTHEDRAIN
Neither is your business practices "affordable" for those who labor w/o WAGES for basic necessities http://biblehub.com/james/5-4.htm 
Amen
you being president is definitely one thing we cannot afford
Focus on her political disasters, bills she could not get thru congress, not even in her party. Political failures.
but yet 20 million Americans now have health insurance according to crooked Hillary. #repeal Obamacare
well, to be fair, it had been most people's experience that what you say is usually false.
YOU are the disaster.
#
Merely saying "disaster" isn't cutting edge.Tweet shud have been backed by an Ad of sufficient clarity,length and force.
You need a new word. Here are synonyms for "disaster": catastrophe, calamity, cataclysm, tragedy, fiasco. You're welcome.
the only smart thing he has ever said!
You've also been saying hurtful and disrespectful things for years. Concede!
STICK TO THE ISSUES. Don't fall for all the gossip. Rise above it
dude no insurance is really affordable to most of us
Takes #revenue to run a country & "job security" w/in.  Meaning, preventing HRC from enacting her globalist views on Trade.
disaster is your favorite word, try to broaden your vocabulary.

You had a chance to explain your plan @ debate but you took that opportunity to insult Hillary instead. #alltalknoplan
#Obamacare - screwing the middle class each and every day. He is leaving office just in time. Designed to fail.
How would he know, he gets state funded insurance.. total BS tweet
Obamacare = Obama nightmare!
YEA AND NOBODY IS TAKING THE MARK OF THE BEAST CHIP THATS WHY HE WANT US INSURED NO WAY NO HOW
if you are sucha smart person then you would  have never ran for president. I pity you.
Ensure>Ad quality>exposing pitfalls of O bamacare. Ad quality shudn't be compromised by Hi lary's Trojan Horse in Ad firm.
go back to you locker room. Groper in chief!!
We've all been saying that but no one listens. Obama treats illegals, refugees and criminals better than citizens.
But you have no solution. And you won't be president anyway.
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Hope you make another formal policy speech on healthcare.the disaster...your ideas, with a few specifics.Dr. Carson's help
#TRUMP Stay on TOPIC, tell America what you will do.Stay strong, firm, and positive. DEBATE...GOD BLESS ..MAGA

Прочитайте! Золотой корень (светящийся ночью) – корень продления нашей жизни! Секрет для жизни! http://druidopunktura.ru/content/sekret-zhizni …
TRUMP IS WINNING!   WHY IS THE MEDIA NOT BEING HONEST!
#trump would "throw out the baby with the bath water" rather than admit that Obamacare has helped millions.
https://media.giphy.com/media/10PsvjMuuzKaXe/giphy-downsized-large.gif …
make it affordable. most other civilised, western countries have free or affordable  medical care
#askgodforguidance
Did anyone think this would work?
@debbiegreer77 doing good stay on messge. Don't goto the mud hole with the Clintons.  They are pigs stay focused.
I've got a good one coming from anonymous..stay tuned
there's that word again. Your limited vocabulary is so impressive
thanks to the @GOP that refuses to work in a bipartisan way to give us all affordable care! #goppartyoverpeople
your a disaster!
you're a disaster (thank you for teaching me how to insult people, it really comes in handy!)
I saw him do it.
sure is!
Yes I bet you've been saying it since before it was even thought of.
you know nothing about @Obamacare
@HRC's #ClintonFoundation is already providing #ObamaCare; But utterly Deplorable Care for Other American Blacks?
you are a disaster
stop acting like a victim on the scandals! The people want issues discussed & how you can repair! Stay on point
Donald stop defending your sexual past. Nobody gives a shit. Talk policy, she has nowhere to go w that. That's all we care.
just because you can't pay for it doesn't mean is not affordable. Believe me,  trust me folks. Shut up already
Keep saying it now!  Please focus on your plans to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

- socialized anything always fails. A govt big enough 2 give u everyrhing u want is big enough 2 take it all away.
I have a poll on my Twitter profile cast a vote and retweet thank you for participating
The Cowardly Insurance Companies  know that as of JAN 1, 2017 PREMIUMS CAN NOT be RAISED so they are running for the hills.
I am so glad for PPACA   because I was BORN with a pre-existing  condition. They shouldn't hold that over our HEADS..
So what's your plan?  Oh wait...  we don't talk about the issues.   Just about how great you are.
you need to talk about the issues.  Get back to whT really matters and ignore the garbage
I agree

WATCH/SHARE/RETWEET

@JamesOKeefeIII exposes NYC voter fraud on Fox Business…
I advise the DRUMPFKINS to read books and unshackle their minds from fearful doctrinaire conditioning
seems pretty clearhttp://edition.cnn.com/videos/tv/2015/11/26/donald-trump-mocks-reporter-with-disability-berman-sot-ac.cnn
Debate item.
IGNORE ALL THIS WOMEN CRAP YOURS AND BILL AND HILLARY WOMEN ISSUES. ..HIT POLICY AND WIKI LEAK ISSUES ONLY!! PLEASE SAVE US
really? Tell that to the 20 million ppl who now have health insurance thx 2 'Obamacare.' They'll be voting in Nov.
believe me
the only reason obamas r campaigning for Hillary is that she will protect legacy' of Obamacare&also she has no stamina!
you have little time left so don't waste it slamming media. Women want to hear about your policy vs HRC.  POLICY!!!
If anyone would know a disaster when they see it (in the mirror), it would be YOU.  #debate
Stay Calm and Vote Trump!
If Hillary is Pres she will put the "final stake" in the Heart of America & its ppl. She wants complete Obamas & her agenda
good thing about Obamacare is that it covers women who've had tongues shoved down their throats.
Dropped heavy drawer on my foot. 73 years old. $3,000 deductible. Cannot AFFORD TO go to ER to check it out.
