I've heard women make worse comments.
We believe these women not everyone can be lying
we forgive you--now get out of our House and take your like kind with you!  On behalf of the American people- thank you!!!
Liver! Stand up and face your accusations if your so innocent!
You’re afraid to face them, because you’re lying!! IMPEACH him!!
Fix your own pussy grabbing habits
Nope. Wrong.  It is YOU who is poisoning the country with your ignorance.
MSM- Manipulating State Media
you must think we aren't so smart to fall for
I've always said that the lies will catch up with you. Take a polygraph and I'll forget it all.  Go ahead, take one.

@CaroleDoms and trump was lying in all his campaign rhetoric about Hillary & GOP candidates! He insighted violence toward
#draintheswamp

BS

dissenters must be crushed
TRUMP HAS PROVEN ALWAY RIGHT THATS WHY AMERICANS LOVE HIM&WANT HIM 2 RULE THE COUNTRY HES FAIR LL RISE USA&MAKE IT GREAT
be fair voters ready to believe you molest woman because there is tape of you saying you molest women.
uh, no!!!
Smart people don't believe you!  You're a leader of losers!
@sapiosanct Clueless! Close your account! #Drumpf
You laughable shithead. Still think this similar to your birther bullshit?
any American Voter considering you for President has no mind to poison! #brainless
2016 we got this election
@cnn video doesn't lie http://www.truthexaminer.com/2016/10/footage-of-trump-gushing-about-his-relationship-with-putin-surfaces-and-it-gets-even-worse-watch-here/ …
you should tell people that you will give incentives to businesses to make workers full time. So few full time jobs now!
NO WAY!  We already know who we're voting for.  Let's Make America Great Again.
if it's rigged then why are you running
just keep your cool and stay on the issues as much as possible please!
https://youtu.be/BIZhkITsGb0  A MUST WATCH !!! Senate hearing.

please keep it all about the people, what affects us  Don't let her get to you. You  have to
bring Bill Clinton's son to the debate.  Please stay on focused, we need you to win or we will be dead with clinton  @realDonaldTrump
quit whining!!
so I guess the best thing for us to do is not vote for you. Since you're going to lose you might as well lose big. #whiner
100% who you are.
I do not think all of them are fake Drumpf, no one is responsible for these women coming forward but you.
You are so pathetic. Only 3 weeks Be you go away
You told #Hardball re: running for Prez that women would be trouble for you. 
Guess what? You're right! 
#WomenCanStopTrump
As leader of the "only" Nation who claims Under God, who humbles&prepares u 2protect his remnants, NoGodNoPeace
Donald Trump, regardless a rigged election, God chooses all leaders of America4 his glory. He who exalts himself is humbled
needs to stick to your message. Do not waste time try to answer her false stories.
no way like I would believe them over you Never happen
NO, THE STORIES ARE IGNORED BY ALL BUT HILLARY SUPPORTERS, SEEN HER RALLIES? IN THE HUNDREDS, YOURS ARE IN THE THOUSANDS.
@GaetaSusan. Looks like have a bunch of adolescent Tantrums Must been the Video Out Cheaters NEVER WIN Yep trix for kids
@GaetaSusan They lie & cheat-1st undercover tape from Project Veritas is out more to come http://projectveritasaction.com/rigging-election-video-i-clinton-campaign-and-dnc-incite-violence-trump-rallies.html …
@ScaryPerrySkate X3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Stop telling me what I said!!!
no Clinton campaign. Remember, Clinton out to lunch -- your words not mine!!!
You talk about how to MAGA and HRC failures. That is the key. Debate is so important. Everyone is watching UR MAGA Vision!!
GROPER

http://projectveritasaction.com/rigging-election-video-i-clinton-campaign-and-dnc-incite-violence-trump-rallies.html …
In your own words, "WRONG!" How's it feel?
seems the dems are more concerned with you taxes than abortion or 2nd Ammendment they don't believe she's a crook go figure
Trump for white house
you are feeding your supporters Kool-Aid and they're lapping it up! You have a brainwashed
Not news. Focus on the issues and win. Highlight emails & issues from @wikileaks & how affects people. Wages?
no Mr Donald goin
#1:::
Bull crap! Not only does your opinion of women stand out, but now we know you also mistreat women. SHAME
You are spreading the poison, Mr Snake Oil Sales.
Oh suuurrre!!!
none of us believe that tripe! Well maybe Ryan & Graham & McCain, but no one cares about them and their ilk!
Stop talking about rigged elections & locking up Hillary. Focus on the key issues & attack her on those issues. Please.
while real crimes are left unmentioned.
@TeamTrump True, but it's up to you to bring attention to the real facts. There's so much information out of wiki and FOIA
@Callisto1947 democrats are fighting dirty so we need to fight stronger . Do your part + vote Trump
@Callisto1947
check out Illuminoty members, a cult, she's listed with Obama and her husband, another reason it could be rigged
liar
there is sooo much more than the media we are informed
stop stop stop,  go after her emails, lies and fraud.
not the smart ones
I'm voting for you, please get back on the issues. Don't get sucked in by the Main Street media. Stay focused.
These women came out because YOU said you never sexually assaulted women. Your mouth. Your fault
@rlockrocks
your dillusional
@ransom54 We are behind you 100%.Don't be drawn into their accusations.
your allegations if Hillary Clinton being on drugs is obsered!  A desperate man is a dangerous man! Vote Hillary Clinton!

we all know their crooked stick to issues tweet about issues come on get with it you don't  have to defend sick 2 issues
confessions and a sincere apology are more acceptable.
you are the poison
after reading #Clintoncash and #paytoplay @HillaryClinton is a cancer to our country! #WakeUpAmerica #VoteTrump
You poisoned our minds first.
You are a Beta male trying to be an Alpha.  You are a classic case.  Step aside for real leaders to take charge.
We know what the mainstream media is doing. I just wish people would remember that Hillary is a bad news.
kakistocracy --
1. Government under the control of a nation's worst or least-qualified citizens.#TrumpPresidency
#WomenWhoVoteTrump are the antidote.
Ck and re ck all voting cards and ck again.Trump in Nov 8 th what do you have to loose .m s.
#losertrump
WE MUST RESIST AND SHARE THE TRUTH WITH EVERYONE.
It's just misdirection to turn a blind eye in ACORN'S election fraud repeating; 2012, 2008

We have to end these Frauds
Crooked is just doing this to try to divert attention from the constant leaking of damning information!!
#its time to talk about what your going to do to make America great again  stop with the Hillary we're tired of hearing it
Hi I'm Donald Trump and I made US president because near the end I ignored silly distractions and stayed on topic.
I'm sorry Trump, I'm voting for you and I hope you get it.
We all know it isn't true!
the more they lie! More we the people will stand up for Trump and America! God Bless Trump and the USA!
@watersurf58 We've got you! Nobody with a brain believes their horseshit. Bunch o' paid hussies. 
Postulation that evades resolution, thus the APATHY of TAXPAYERS. We cannot FIX the System of The Elite Welfare Clowns.
Meaning that, SHEEPLE are media driven. They don't THINK for themselves. They parrot whatever their friends/media tell them
The more secretive or unjust an organization, the more leaks induce fear and paranoia in leadership and planning coterie.
You're the worst poison, if there is any, in this election. Everything HRC does pales in comparison, no rigging required.
Don't be such a crybaby. You've said publicly that you've done exactly what they claim, so why try to look innocent now?
that's ture
@SpeakerRyan @KellyannePolls so all of these woman are lying? Donald you will soon find out that we don't believe YOU!
We stand with you Trump!!  God bless!
Stop talking about these women! Focus on issues only. please stop talking about Paul Ryan. You are hurting your campaign.
Just do your thing and quit giving them amo
The supporters are not believing these woman  so stop talking about them  Concentrate On PENN.OHIO   and FL.... Be direct
Pleaae   stick with issues   your 1st 24 hour in office   repeal Obama decisions, Name you  ATT.     Gen .Defense .ETC.
Your job, make sure everyone knows what's at stake. Our job, keep the faith vote. DONATE$ to Trump campaign. We can MAGA.
Again up at 4:00 am tweeting SAD DONNIE
AND END SCENE 
we have video
@veganvecoh not changing my mind . I see those wonen have been found as liars some working with Hillary. Woman for Trump!
Which charges? The child rape? The sexual assaults? That you're in bed with Russia and Stone is ready to roll on you?
@veganvecoh ...the bravest man in america   @FoxNews @RogerJStoneJr @wikileaks @PrisonPlanet @DRUDGE_REPORT @worldnetdaily
@veganvecoh 
Keep bring up issues & policies, hiliary can't win on issues, she can only use lies and smear attack
@veganvecoh WE KNOW! FOCUS ON POLICY! UR PLAYING INTO THIER HAND!
Are you still thinking that people are believing you? Your desperation is showing.
TRAITOR CALLING OUT HIS BROWN SHIRTS TO DESTROY AMERICAN DEMOCRACY. FIXING ELECTION WITH FEAR AND INTIMIDATION
stay on message!
@Reince - Your boy @realDonaldTrump is unhinged. FIX!
Get on point. We need you to tell all of us how your are going to make amercia great again. IGNORE THE PRESS!!
Can't fix what you broke.
If the media and Clinton are poison ivy, you are arsenic.
Perhaps you might change your words and actions next time...instead of assaulting women.
remember... On december you have to go to court for a rape charges of a 13y.o. girl. You are freaking nice person, right
you have built your buildings with steel purchased in China
you are the poison
There will be bells ringing and trumpets of joy when Patriot Hillary is elected!
#weaklittleman
MR.TRUMP THE MEDIA IS TRYING BT WE R NOT BELIEVING THEM U WILL B THE NX POTUS ON NOV 8TH THEN MEDIA CAN SUCK
x with you 100%
Forget about it! Women can smell a rat and they are rats! Stick to the important issues! Benghazi, murderer, refugees!
all Donald Trumps supporters are not believing any of the BS they're trying to shove down our throats.
— the man who would be king — and forgetting what so many Americans lost their lives deposing 240 years ago.
I am praying and believing that the scales come off the voters eyes. VOTE TRUMP
The American voters actually understanding what a pervert you are isn't wrong. It is what  happens to a "sex offender"
Your legitimacy as a candidate is fabricated and made-up by you.
you do it yourself Trump
catch her off guard Donald state what you will do for the country we are all counting on you!!!
Lets just hope the American people dont fall for these lies....i would like to think we are smarter than that
I thought you were going to provide proof that the allegations were false? What happened, Melanie refuses to lie? #oldlech
Women are with you @realDonaldTrump
Oh, sweetie, no, you're the poison.
you'd have more credibility if only your hands were bigger. Pity.
If I Didn't Know Better I would think you were on drugs and if you're not on drugs you should seriously think about
Voters should realize this is all false and planned to "take the heat off" Hillary after the amazzing last debate. GO TRUMP
U MST THINK WE R AS THICK & DELUDED AS U. R. GROW UP  STEP DOWN UR NOT UP TO THE JOB BYE BYE!
Make sure the American people hear you loud and clear at the  last debate while you have their attention.DESTROY HILLARY
You mean 99.9% right?
#womenhatePence #liar #womenhatePence #liar #neverTrump #debate #protectyourpussy from Mr Chump
If you keep saying that it will become true......NOT
Don't let the door hit you where the good Lord split you!
your actions helped us #Hillary supporters prove who u r to your mislead followers. U give us a sound bite or tweet daily.
these despicable women gives us all a bad name. Donald God has your back
@HillaryClinton @CNN pls we r waiting for the evidence u said u have to show us that these 9+ ladies are all lying
So, everyone lies but you?  Hahahahahahahahaha
You bragged about sexually assaulting women. Now you're claiming they're lying. 100% Donald fabrications!  Stop lying...
