We are with YOU Donald!  We will not take this lying down! WE WILL FIGHT!
yessssss
you're the first on the list of dishonest
do you know which party you represent?
Hillary's murderous/corrupt actions on a global scale > Trump's comments. You people baffle me. #wikileaks
Vote Trump!
lock them up
Is it too late in a pregnancy to abort a 70 year old?
Will you? You already did! Just relax.
Polls are down. Maybe you need to be schooled.
rats_jumping_off_titanic.gif
Great. Now forget them and get back on message and Hillary.
DAM STRAIGHT!!
this is not about Rep, or Dem, it is about Globalist vs Nationalist. Always has been. We need to defeat Globalist Nov 8!
By epic losing? Really?
@realDonaldTrump
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!
cause it's all about and only about winning?!?
u GO big TRump! TEach them a lesson! Afterall, THEY r ur opponents in this race, right? LMAO
.@realDonaldTrump how to lose an election 101. Class adjourned.
It was a very short class. Just let Donald Trump speak. The more he speaks the higher she moves.
im one of the millions of democrats coming out to support you! Cant have the wife of "I didn't inhale"
Austin 3:16
Dragged his Campaign into the gutter & hasn't left yet. Like a TROLL under the BRIDGE> enjoys "MAKING everyone MISERABLE"
I hate to break it to you trump humpers but you have a really horrible candidate.
a reality tv star vs a treasonous lying vile witch? ill take Howard Stern for the win
not likely but good luck with your delusions.
also google is for hillary.. they have been caught as well as facebook.. all paid by our enemy that you're sleeping with.
But at least we can MEME.. WTF was *that*?! Tic Tax? Granny, 21st century: GET IN IT. #TrumpTrain!

I am going to go buy 1,000  tshirts from the vendor below.   hahahahahahahhahahaha
No, no you won’t. You’re sealing your fate as a loser. They’re not turning on you, you’ve turned on them. #BigBasketofNope
You're worse than Republicans
you're a sick man
I ain't trump
please stop attacking republicans and stick to America first issues let us attack them typical stick to issues PLEASE
if you still support this man you have no self respect.
The "art of the come back", Mr. Trump!
We americans need to rebuild the Republican part .VOTE them out.
You will come out of this a loser.  Your tiny ego will not be able to take it.  Sad.
staap sweetie! U R embarrassing yourself! Just go out quietly with some dignity! Trump FAMILY enterprises will take u back!
Please stay on task to MAGA and let your surrogates and supporters teach them. We're on it!
#GOPTraitor
@leatherneck111 If only they fought as hard against Prez O & his policies & exec orders!!
Really? You don't think the Rep fought against President Obama? Have you been paying attention?
I don't think they have fought as much as they could have.
Wow!
Don't hesitate about balling your country up.Do what thou wilt without a second thought.We all stand up with you forever chaff-hair man.
maybe if you acted like a responsible adult instead of a petulant child you;d have gotten support.#NeverTrump #NeverHillary
so acting like a petulant child DQ's u from office? How interesting that would get rid of #Congress & #Senate.
or dq's a person from gaining support in a political arena or race I should say.
he is not a conservative...he is a conman and he duped you all...
@theresa_may that’s a real leader right there!! A true leader working for the people.
Bannon has been a difficult assessment for me. At first I definitely rooted for him, but now....He seems to have become a definite problem for the Republican party.
And I don't believe he represents the President. Yes, declaring war on the "establishment' is asinine. 

Ohh, don't bother that the person votes with the President  of the time. And to continue this horse shit is harmful to the President.
Keep it up, @realDonaldTrump, you're doing so well #Sarcasm #ImSarcastic #DONTTHEYGETSARCASM
Just found historic origin of the name Trump:  dummkopf
Yeah!  That 6 bankruptcy, don't pay bills or taxes mindset.
Practice your grammar. It'll make you appear to have a brain. Lol.
Spot on Sir.
Lindsey Graham is a snake!
This tweet aged very well! #MAGA
& teach them you have! Keep it up & take no shit!  You have a massive amount of loyal followers!
TRUMP THESE DUMPS


An evergreen tweet. I question your ability to create anything but enemies. Do you like feeling this way? You are creating it for yourself.
Time to primary them
Are they even real Republicans,are just pretending to be that's what I'm wondering ?
The light will reveal those on the team and those pretending to be. 
This is not a game. 
They want us divided. 
Q  #TheStorm #Q #Qanon

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Republicans_who_opposed_the_Donald_Trump_presidential_campaign,_2016 …
Relevant now more than ever.
Yeah baby! #WINNING
THIS IS THE PRESIDENT THAT I ELECTED!!!
Not by granting amnesty, which your supporters and most Americans oppose.
If they don't learn ASAP, they need 2 be replaced by humble strong leaders who'll do the will of the voters & keep promises
Also known as lil @LindseyGrahamSC stay away from that snake 
Apropos for today.
Please help me save my daughters life I am giving her my kidney https://www.gofundme.com/3no5a8g 
#teachthemalesson
Woooooaaaahhh! Kaaaaboooommmm! Good job! Keep'm on their toes...
This tweet aged well. You could see it on the faces of the Republicans at the #SOTU. There learning to win, and he's just getting started!
Love the winning! Keep it up! #MAGA
Disloyal? To whom? Their country? Or you?
Why don't you put your johnson back in your pants?  Its puny!!!
When an entire corrupt establishment comes up against one person, you know he's on the right track. The people are with you
Have you ever heard the phrase, "It not everybody else." Meaning, you might be the prob if prob with everyone.
Praise him anyhow? But you can't see the beast system of globalism and it's propaganda media mouthpiece before your eyes?
And I cannot set Trump loose on this country... not if my vote counts. I can't do it. So I'm voting Dem and praying for 2020.
He uses who he uses. I see similarities to Solomon. Many wives, big construction projects, affinity for gold. Still chosen.
Also, are you okay with what Trump is doing, which is going to destroy the Republican party. Dems might be in control for years
I don't believe the hype, but I'm very Ok with the destruction of the Bush and Clinton cabal and all their cronies.
@realDenaldTrump Trump U fall enrollment still open.

http://tiny.cc/b9evby 
win? Electoral college yes. But remember you LOST the popular vote by +3 million LEGAL votes.
I'll teach the disloyal R's how to win, after I get my lesson from Crooked Hillary on Nov 8th. BAD! @realDonaldTrump
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!
Hmmmm
If they loose this one the R days are over, you are their ticket back in No Trump No @HouseGOP 
how are you feeling hun? i'm getting weery
Girl my stomach is turning with this whole thing, I am just praying
Me too! It's wrong how the GOPe & MSM are doing him. But Trump has always defied odds, trusting God.
You are trusting God for this man? You do see how unfit Trump is, right?
you would not understand
they don't like men who admit to sexual assault, what jerks
yeah!!! instead we like men who assault woman and don't admit to it!!! (Bill Clinton)
Bill Clinton isn't running for President...smh.
This tweet REALLY aged well! MAGA!

vote Evan McMullin. Time to dump this Trump and ditch the witch.
the line is drawn in the sand for the Republican Politicians. Either support & vote for Trump or prepare for changes.
by ditching you,  they are being loyal.
.@realDonaldTrump #CROOKEDHILLARY #crookedclintons #IMWITHHER #JILLNOTHILL #BIGLEAGUETRUTH #MAGA #DeplorablesUnite
Be careful, stay wise 
don't forget this!
yeah and if you win you'll have solid @TheDemocrats opposition...smart... not
yep blow up that party for decades that will teach them
-  the disloyal R's
those republicans know their career is in serious trouble because republicans like me will NEVER support them again.
you are winning just like Charlie Sheen
Jesus, Hitler was less paranoid than you when he was hiding in his bunker.
@AnnCoulter did any of the disloyalerables even win?
Bueno Patán si ud dice eso  de sus propios compañeros de partido, que lo están dejando solo, Puede decirse que UD SE JODIÓ
if a city is out of control u need stop & frisk to correct it not make it law ,its a method to use not abuse
Teach the DOJ to convict Bill #Clinton of rape and lewd molestation while you're at it! #RT #OrgyIsland
and lose
@who knitted you wooly head
dreaming little man you are living in your own fantasy world
how buy grabbing pu**y?
don't waste your time. Each one is done politically.Childish and stupidity go hand in hand with those idiots.
That's teh spirit! 

you are delusional.
. You are not winning.  One hell of a uniter.  The Peace Candidate.  More like a destroyer.
you will teach them what...hate and revenge??? #nevertrump
Rep Heads should not endorse a candidate if there is any possibility of reneging. Keep quiet @SpeakerRyan @jasoninthehouse
if you would talk about her instead you might have a chance. But you can't seem to control yourself. It's sad. Stupid
. It only means they're corrupt. Don't waste your time. Drain that swamp. Clean house. So many things to do. Geter done!
@doubtallthought #Are you reading your teleprompter as you say this? #CrookedTrump what a joke!
@TeamTrumpAZ ignore them now. Focus on taking Hillary down.
LIKE THEM NOT LIKE THEM WE HAVE 2 HAVE AS MANY REP'S IN OFFICE 2 PASS BILLS SO STOP HELPING DEM'S GET IN OFFICE RE ATTACKS!
@BretBaier @rudygiulianiGOP @newtgingrich @KellyannePolls @seanhannity @oreillyfactor @realDonaldTrump FOCUS ON HRC ONLY!
what the parties don't realize is that its WE THE PEOPLE vs the corrupt establishment and they are clearly part of it
@money_miket  they will learn or they will be ousted by #WeThePeople in our quest to #MAGA

has hate in his heart.
The arm rests do not move in first class as far as I know. The lady in Megan's interview said that he put up armrest
Yeah!!! Get those Republicans!!!! Ahahahahahahahaha
by bankruptcy?
@KittyCakes92 May God be with you, Donald!
@mattlockeshow we are behind you all the way
unbelievable!!
- You know you have to work with other members of congress as President right ? Focus on issues that matter please.
haha they are leaving the sinking ship like rats...Do the honourable thing and back out !!! The world will thank you
Does that mean u wn't accuse everyone of rigging the election now?First the media,other cans,dems,now the gop?Anybody else?
dictator talk. Shades of Adolf.
distancing yourself from your inappropriate behavior is not being disloyal, it's being mature and wise
We just hoping you have the (oops pardon expression) balls to call these "R"'s out when you get in. It isn't partisian vote
Many are sick of the backstabbing self serving  GOP establishment. If Hillary wins we lifelong GOPers will turn on them.
how ironic.  Laughing stock:)
Haha, and when you lose, will you deny ever running?
Stop this isn't helping you!
crooked Hilary. Psy pinching Trump sounds so Much better.
The establishment is petrified of you! They know there back door dealing is going to come to an end! #draintheswamp #MAGA
@LaTonja good joke
Guess some are put off by sexual predators.
GREAT JOB KELLY!
Teach them what?
sir we does not require business from you. We Indians just want peace in this world that can be done by you sir and it will
#amem.
don't know if I want a Democrat telling Republicans what to do!
if you don't give up on us, I will never give up on you! Trump/pence2016
Judging by the empty braggadocio of your tweets, your penis must be really, really, really, really, really, really small.
if God be for us who can be against us. I got fb friend real Christians that know how to pray we ARE praying for you.
Their OWERS are pressing them (those who give them $$).
I wonder what it cost Clinton for these women to sell their souls against Trump?
. Get help. Run...don't walk to your nearest psychiatric hospital. Really.
Tred Carefully! #4Humanity
@Carlisleboy .how did u teach them?
He Won! Get over it already! I had too when Obama won, didn't see R rioting!
STOP!!!!
Be careful around the topic of loyalties, Mr. Trump. Emperors become tyrants when suspicion becomes paranoia.
And that is the last thing those who voted for you, want to see. Your voters want change.
Hillary is EXHAUSTING - and the Repubs are throwing the election it seems. Keep standing w/God Mr. T. and HIS Plan for you
If I can vote I will vote for you.

what are you going to do...if you actually win...throw the power of the gov't at your so-called enemies???
teach
Or maybe you are just psychotic? Ever think of that, Donny baby? Nasty human.
just like leeches
you are who Ive been waiting for for a long long time!! We need Winners not winers Mr President! #Trump #Trump2016
@AnnCoulter please do not take advice from HRC or Obama. Ty
They are either on the Trump Train or off but sitting on the tracks is not the place to be. #MAGA
I hope after your elected you will speak not from the White House or the Black House but from the People's house of America
you got this election Mr Trump... Drop the hammer and don't let up!!!!
omg fool
Ha ha
stay strong Trump. We need you as our President. Well send Hillary and her followers to the landfill where they belong
@AnnCoulter I'm sure you will. Congratulations!!!  For winning.
#whinylittlebitch #orangemussolini
Donald take aim on #CrookedHillary she is the real foe, you can take care of the traitors later #VoteTrump16
this Mexican American woman still stands with you sir! I'm not listening to the media. God Bless!#maga
.
Or replace the weasels.
To bad you're waste your time fighting the Republicans.  Tell me about our country's future! What are you going to do?
reason I'm voting for you is because you are not a politician.We do not want more politicians.Use that to convince voters.

Lol
Networks are ignoring Hillary's ongoing crimes. Instead they talk about decades old Trump news. Unfair to voters & Trump.
"Locker room talk" does not translate into more votes.
That the spirt . Teach them !!! I love this president.
reiterating talk show banter does not make one a Republican, dude you are a Democratic
gulianni racist ,,to crime period ,he locked up all the mafia in ny they done that's his people,,u need law not overdoing
Romney/Ryan sore losers.. the need to get over it.. no one would ever elect them as potus they' had their 15min
.@realDonaldTrump Go on ....
They will lose the majority because of you, and then you would get nothing passed.
Don - you are going to lose the Senate and the House for the GOP giving HRC the means to fully implement her plans. Thanks!
