



亲爱的中国制造表情包哈哈哈 嗨咯喔 我是来自微博的小可爱
微博赶来支援的吃瓜群众
哈哈哈哈哈欢迎微博来的小可爱
So，，We take it out from our water！

？？？？

666你们就是这样攻占trump的Twitter的？
应该是吧


明明是你美国破坏秩序，弄这个破机器监视我们 我们合理的打捞上来 何来窃取之说呢？这就是美国新总统的素质吗？幼稚 可笑
在自己家门口剪了块破铜烂铁，有什么稀奇的。
就是
don't worry ,we Chinese guys think u r so cute now,just like a pet.and thanks for your gift. Merry Christmas!

you are crazy！

666
来晚了，大军撤退了

不是偷
大傻逼
拿了就拿了，你想咋滴~
lob off a few billion from our debt to China for each act of theft.
我们凭自己本事捞的啊。。
凭本事捞的，为什么要还？



Why don't you just "unpresident" yourself. Could that be a new meme?
川普
Are you sure
厉害了我的川普



what you had
say just show that you are ignorance
川普，没素质
All the enemies of the USA will be doing similar things until OBAMA is out the door. Obama exudes Weakness.

Just like a pretty joke

哟哟哟









They are socialist states and possess armies；I do not want ownership of them；should not invest advanced technology on them.
sounds strikingly similar to how Blac Chyna took Dream Kardashian right under Rob's nose. Very suspicious!
carefully read it

i means 666

@suziique03 What would you do Mr. President-elect?
@realDonaldTrumI believe that China would not have taken if Trump was POTUS.. Would probably be booby trapped ..Ahh-So Boom
hello stupid trump. Chinese people is here.




傻逼
满嘴瞎话！油嘴滑舌！那请问 您那个机器是咋进南海的？目的是啥呢？可别说是实验，又是什么维护南海秩序，搞乱南海的就是你们！！！STEAL？NO！NO！NO！告诉你 是合理的捞！





mdzz


傻逼

This is called salvage，Who let you go to China Sea put a drone?Thank you for sending us gifts across the Pacific.

That's pretty much how China treats US patent laws too. They specialize in theft of other people's inventions & slave labor
Forget trying to having free trade with people who lie and steal fm Americans. Don't tax their goods... Ban all trade w/ em
If the leaders of China ever decide to act with respect to other countries and their laws...then they can be welcomed again
You can't say this until you guys and your country can show respect for others
Sorry, @realDonaldTrump nor I take orders fm anyone that believes Obama or Hillary show respect to anyone but special interest
#Russia steals rightful #American #ElectionResults-rips #Democracy in unprecedented #cyberattacks on a sovereign nation!
靠
Teach them a lesson on how to behave more civilized
川普你真给四川人丢脸
you are so weird

自己送门口，还怪别人偷，下来把航母送来我们都能给你缴械了
mdzz





#NukeChina
#ripchina
SB
有趣

榭死嫩娘。
hhhhhhhha did you passed CET-4
？
Funny #Ovomit would have apologized 4 being 2 close 2 ASIA w/UnderwaterDrone! #ChiefApologist POS
哈哈哈哈 亏我记起了我的号来看表情包 表情包呢怎么都不见了
Stop getting China mad at us because of your tweets. You have no COMMON SENSE. Your Advisers must get you off of here.
wow such a speller
@MightyManGMan Sure getting the press now aren't they?
#History proves tht we should never, never, never, trusta Communist State, oran, Islamic State. #BoaConstrictor
有病
they just where giving the drone an oil change
and returned better than new

草泥马的，老子还看不上你的皮皮虾呢
哦，是吗
don't talk about China
are you sure it is in international water?


前来围观
你个骗子，除了诽谤中国，你们还会点啥？！！！！
Sigmond The Sea Monster! - Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs!!!!
fdp on a pas vole, ferme ta gueule pd

很喜欢你的推特治国   很厉害


I'm here to say lol
But they said they will return it so at least that is happening.


完全看不懂，谁来个给翻译下。。
Trump voters: I want to vote for someone that's going to keep us safe
Trump: I don't need intelligence briefings

 Sucker!
not at all.  An intelligent person would not conduct business between countries through a tweet.  Only a twit would.
be careful, if you threaten China, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China might move out of Trump Tower! #Puppet
China needs more embargoes they're taken our jobs and our technology
@daryafightsback I think China needs to suffer some economic repercussions.

cool pic I like it
Dzien  Dobry. Very good @realDonaldTrump
And GOLD
1
蛤？
被偷技术的美国岂不是更蠢，傻逼川普
international water, funny.  Your problem is always dreaming the whole world as your backyard.
我的天!!自己的问题从自身找，别找中国。"
呵呵呵呵
Once u #DTS you'll see the enemy isn't China Russia etc but those within under our noses. #WorldPeace
海底捞你懂不懂
I am not that happy, actually.

hahaha
呵呵哒

窃取？窃取你二大爷呀！明明你们的无人机都快要飞到我们的海域来了，这叫什么，往大一点来说都是侵犯中国领土，我们中国为了国际形势着想，已经是极力克制了只是采取了安全措施，难道有什么问题吗？你个小赤佬！睁着眼睛说瞎话？你要是敢来中国把你屎打出来

回复 @realDonaldTrump

so what do you mean about the unpresidented  act?
fangpi. Beyond bad spelling, which @realDonaldTrump has told us not to believe.
You discovered spell check? Good job, 4am cocaine tweeter! Want a root beer float for being such an #unpresidented scholar?
A dictionary would help with spelling in addition to telling you what words actually mean.

我有一句妈卖批不知当讲不当讲
你们在海里乱扔垃圾，我们中国人爱环保，又捞起来咋啦？
凭本事抢的为什么要还
呵呵呵呵→_→
不知道你能看懂中国的表情包不
Happy New Year!川普
Like Russia hacking the DNC in order to install a moronic Orange Puppet as president? #NotMyPresident, #ReadyAimFireHim
下次把你潜艇捞起来你别说我们没提前给你说过。
上次开飞机来，给你把送零件回去，这次能整个还给你说明我们够仁义了，下次再来我们附赠两个东风-41，礼尚往来是我们的传统！
why?

The have no fear of the incumbent POTUS.
LOL. Spell check!
.@realDonaldTrump I can't wait until you get impeached. Then maybe YOU will be #unpresidented! #NotMyPresident
我还真的能找到这个推，6666了

it's never been this easy to be apart of breaking news, now just follow your twitter, hahaha

做为一个中国人，我只想说，你的网瘾要治疗一下。推特治国，真是厉害。
#paperkitten #China #chinalinestandeactivatedparty You are dealing with a weak #propaganda machine called a #paper kitten..
哈哈，我就是翻墙来看看一天到晚发推特的总统，没毛病
Gee, I wonder why they did that you enormous rear end. " small handed Vulgarian"!

make you country great again and stop talking about china all the time.
Will you show that you support our new Commander-in-Chief? We'd love for you to join our page. https://m.facebook.com/groups/1217322398326698?tsid=0.5730203527355564&source=typeahead …
You are the president elect......I would think you have more to do than to spend your time "campaigning" on social media.
Seriously,you should manage to download and register Sina Weibo！



Do you get the message they were sending YOU, Sir?

你知道吗？我千里爬墙就是为了表情包给你
哦
你过来 给你吃这个 草莓味儿的！
WHAT's the meaning of unprecedented？ To  unpresident

I loved America until you got elected, I dreamt to go there. Now the commies seem to be better than Republicans.
