your the only person other than your staff picks that think our nuclear capability isn't good enough . You  r itchy finger
imagine if all nations thought like that... Just try it, it isn't hard. You even said it out loud once. #nucleardeathwish
Consider thinking before you speak or type.  You often end up sounding self-contradictory.  This statement was pretty dumb.
AND SEC. OF STATE HILLARY SOLD 25% OF OUR URANIUM RESERVES TO PUTIN.
Do you really think he would do something that would get us all killed? So he wants to kill his family too?
what exactly does "coming to its senses" consist of? Psychopath.
.@realDonaldTrump be a leader in helping the world 'Come to its senses' about nuclear capabilities.
to what purpose? We can already nuke the entire world 10x over.
How about we strengthen our education and our middle and lower class? How about we strengthen our health care?
so true!
Money for this comes from where?  Tax cutting for Billionaires? So u gonna get more nukes to consider wht to do wth them??
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?????????? ARE YOU TRYING TO GET US ALL KILLED ?? NUKES =DEATH TO EVERYONE BUT YOU ?? OMG
this literally makes no sense. What the hell is your stance on nukes?! None or more ?! Also, stop trying to get us killed
So refreshing to have a president with a backbone! Thank you @realDonaldTrump for standing up for the U.S.
Anyone who thinks @realDonaldTrump will tone down now elected as President is sadly putting wishful thinking above the terrifying reality.
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Are you insane?
?????
Trump is going to get us all killed, don't @ me
BS Muslims want to destroy The West
The US already has enough nukes to destroy the world many times over. Is that what you want?  FFS, this isn't a game!
Are you f@!×&ng out of your orange tinted MIND????
.@realDonaldTrump’s nuclear football will reportedly be a Vortex®, as made famous by legendary John Elway
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Dude what? Oh god he's gonna get us killed, isn't he???
are you kidding?
what are you talking about? so we gonna increase nukes relative to how other countries increase their nukes? status quo?
'Member the Cold War?
last I checked, we're part of the world too
Please stop using twitter. Please calm down, eat a cookie, drink some chamomile, and relax, before you implode.
@twitter Please deactivate Trump's account before he gets us all killed. #TrumpIsTerror #kicktrumpofftwitter
BUT BARRON IS AUTISTIC, WHY!
This shows why you should not be allowed to run the country. You are terrible. Disgraceful. Laughable. A JOKE
Donald Trump asked Russia to launch a cyberattack on the U.S. http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/312289/donald-trump-asked-russia-launch-a-cyberattack-on-us/ …
The uneducated always take things literally - like religious fundamentalists.
.@realDonaldTrump Expanding our nuclear weapons program is how we got into this mess in the first place. You are going to get us all killed.
you have more chances of dying from a bullet shot in Chicago that from a Nuclear explosion.
Can you just shut the hell up?
Better off focusing on serious high energy physics based laser systems and build anti missile systems we already have tech. 4 in mean time
And there's no reason to keep this idiocy of allowing Russia/China the ability to also destroy us! Build high energy anti missile tech now!

.@realDonaldTrump grow the fuck up and act presidential 

http://www.state.gov/t/isn/npt/index.htm …
I think he's unwell and a danger to civilization.
Health professionals wrote to Obama re Trump's mental stability recommending he receive full examination by impartial examiners @izzydanzer
Congress needs to add a "4th Constitutional requirement" for extensive psychological testing of ALL prez candidates
as if Hillary would pass any such examination??! Ha.
hillary not a crazy, insane, narcissistic, egomaniac. Freedom of speech in dire trouble
Really? She certainly seems to fit all those, given her actions at/after the election
she knows she won but because of electoral rule she has to watch this jackass screw us.
Another statement that reeks of unfathomable stupidity.
Or use the money for stopping world hunger! OMG!
WW3.... It will be all your fault.
Honestly @HillaryClinton would’ve been a better president... right...? Idk...

red pinkish lines in the sand
except that the real Nazis were for gun control and national socialism u dork.
actually I'm glad you're not happy with Trump. Don't know why but I am.
Common sense=NO NUKES ANYWHERE!!
Or better yet: remove the threat of nukes from the entire world...
This is the shit you voted for. Lol He's basically threatening the entire world with nukes if it doesn't heel.
heel?? 
I voted for you but I think you are incorrect about this. No one would survive a nuke war now, more will not make a dif.
Do not play dumb he had been saying that all thru campaign. So try again at explaining why u voted for him
explain to me why a criminal would be better?
cuz she's competent!!!

Annihilating the planet 50 times over is waaaaay better than only 25 times over. Look at the big ol' brain on you!
Idiot much?
Utterly self-contradictory
@RogithVGS அப்புறம் ஏன் RT பண்ணுறீங்க 
டுவிட்டருக்கு புதுசா ப்ரோ :)
நானா ?  பல நாட்களை இங்குதான் இருக்கிறஎன் !! 
Peace through strength!
because brinkmanship is so good for long term relations. Trump will be lucky to be half the POTUS Obama was.

Yeah, doubling the S&P 500 and halving unemployment while insuring 20 mil Americans is so awful.
https://youtu.be/d2s9AV910NY  
More nukes will only lead to higher tensions. The world mustn't make or use nukes. Nukes are threats to life as we know it.
you were quoted by @TIME
gently do a suicide thing
The “button” needs taken away from you until such time as you become sane and rational. Second Tuesday of never. #ILLEGITIMATE #INSANE #INCOMPETENT
Did you even follow the Cold War?
#notmypresident
#45 lived through the 60's, during the USSR and USA nuclear competition. Where was he in 80's and 90's when we're trying to reduce arsenals?
Remember strengthening nukes involves new ideas to neutralize and move beyond fear
Oh yeh this is the "good guy with a nuke to compensate for a bad guy with a nuke." That works!
呵呵
Are you really going to cancel American-made Boeing AF1 and buy it from Russia? Was that part of the hacking deal?
Merry Christmas Mr Trump!
@newtgingrich if we already have enough nuclear missiles to destroy the world 100X, why do we need more? Please explain.

The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
please never push the button
.@realDonaldTrump "until such time as the world comes to its senses" How would YOU know? You don't have enough sense to zip your own fly.

maybe that is why @MELANIATRUMP  looked so frightened on your Auguration day... she knows your REAL agenda!!
You are confusing atomic energy with nuclear.  Atomic = big boom. Nuclear = big cloud of subatomic particles. All gone!
It'd be cool if Superman existed. He'd get rid of all the nukes in the world. We'd also have a new US President. #NuffSaid
MORE CHAOS & FEAR! MORE LIES!
Nuclear weapons only bring destruction to all, so get rid of the bloody things worldwide and make peace instead fool!
Americans do not bow to any king, except our Lord.
Expanding the US' nuclear capability will just get us all killed. Nice thinking.
川普是想到一曲唱一曲，没有规矩可寻，上台后，这种小丑执政风格能行的通吗？？！！！
stupid logic
Please vet all your thoughts with Kellyanne before tweeting!
On nuclear buildup, are you insane? Honest question
deceived people. People turned a blind eye. Had no plan to make america great. He lied and his true colors are showing.
then it will be the never ending story
- Now just trolling? Are you really this bored w the job already? Fun in the winning & ready to retire now?
idiotic!
I sincerely wish you would come to your senses and admit you're a bully and unfit for presidency.  #CinnamonHitler
your Tweet was quoted by @FortuneMagazine
You are the one with no sense! 
I suggest our country must start dismissing
his blunt speaking illustrates we elected a threat and...
#ANAGRAM a #sadtweet
and get us all killed
The world came to its senses about nukes in 1945, except you. Thus reduction & eventually elimination of all nuke warheads
Nukes do not make America great.  We do not need a world war 3.
Thank you for taking on the comand. Wish I could be there tomorrow  but have to work. GOD'S SPEED.
How could the Republicans to this to our country ? This has to be stopped !
You are messing with way too much.  Quit before you are impeached
Nuclear energy and weapons are too dangerous for all life on Earth. It can be replaced with solar energy and drones.
@potus
You really need to to choose a Twitter account to address the world this should have come from your POTUS acct!!!!
nuclear isn't the answer - converting to non-nuclear but nuclear equivalent is the answer - radiation too dangerous for all
For a man who pays no taxes @realDonaldTrump has big plans how to spend our money - more nukes. You can only blow up the planet once. Israel
TO RETURN UKRAINE'S NUCLEAR STATUS 
 http://ucraina.ho.ua/st274.jpg 
We tried that once before, you dolt. If you knew any freakin' history at all, you'd know this.
This right here is why anyone with a shread of common sense didn't want you within sniffing distance of nuclear codes
quick, everybody take your bomb shelters out of mothballs; builders get ready for massive orders for new bomb shelters
.@realDonaldTrump Nukular. Das Wort heißt NUKULAR!
Oha. Jetzt biste auf der Todesliste. War nett...
- it's not a humble & great idea 
idiot!!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah soon to be President.  May God guide your decisions in favor of the US citizens.
The last part of your post is meaningless given the horror of the first part.
please speak with the US experts at the defense and state departments before you start an arms race, or worse, a war.
You are one crazy man, trump
and, when will you come to your senses? More than one half of country despises you. More daily with your tweets
stay tuned more to come by this dude.
i look at this tweet everyday and get unsettled AF

thinking of you. http://koolhunter.com/product/donald-trump-toilet-paper/ …
what? You're not making sense
Well done America...
, definitely a big NOPE! You're too bat-shit crazy for more nukes at your disposal.
...my frst Ferrari! Couldn't wait to feel THE POWER under my little stubby fingers!
I was thinking America needed to come to its senses allowing you to enter the White House
Sadly Sir, you're right. But, your strength and convictions can force worldwide common sense. Tell us ALL to stop this.
that's how the world is gonna end, dingus
No! No! No!

so...by expanding nukes, we will come to our senses???? Really???
history never was your strong suit, was it?
Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up!
SO DON’T YOU WORRY YOU DAMN LIBERALS! I CAN AFFORD A WORLD OR TWO…

Your grandchildren must be so proud knowing you safeguard their future so diligently. #sarcasm Try making the world better?
if the United States had any sense you would not have been elected
is this what #PresidentBannon told you to do . stop listening to him #ImpeachTrump #JokePresident #Grabyourwallet

Choir singer with more BACKBONE and morals than CHAFFETZ, RYAN, DOWDY, and McConnell put together
Wow it's Geoffrey from Thrones! All grown up!
How stupid can you possibly be?? The world has spent decades trying to reduce nuclear weapons.  Step away from your phone!
It's YOUR JOB to COME TO YOUR SENSES regarding nukes Donald! You're supposed 2 LEAD the way to a better world NOT #blowitup
And who will decide when they come to their senses?? You? That is why you are now attacking the UN, right?
what does that even mean? You have lost it, man. Resign.
Regarding nukes, look up the meaning of mutual assured destruction. You need education.
you sir, are woefully ill prepared to protect our great country.
wait till your president and watch what you do.  Read!!!
we do not need to do this. you should learn more. read a book. quit lying, stop pretending like you know what you are doing
maybe you should try to make some sense regarding nukes first.
that is not only irresponsible to say, but also incredibly dangerous. As a military spouse I despise you.
