@jjauthor Despite this being massively debunked, it's still gonna be your card to play now that Trump admitted his love of minors.
Also, it would be hard to find that person since they don't exist. The case you're citing (& people keep RTing) never went to trial
So, the Clintons are the biggest liars in the world, they're evil, and to prove it, you'll cite a collection they clearly assisted.
if one person says you have a tail,  you can ignore them,  when 5 or 6 say it,  you better turn around and look!  We see!
You mean the one you claimed you never met?
Don't worry your supporters won't be fooled!
watch out Donald there after you,the Clintons how had are they! Youth don't no what he did! Maybe watch family guy!
aren't you in court soon for RAPING A CHILD? Disgusting pervert
You are a sick person. You need a psychiatrist's couch, not a chair in the Oval Office- a 6 by 8 ft prison cell is fitting.
Love you, Donald!  Keep fighting for us!!!!
- Why? What do you love? (Not what do you hate about Hillary?) What do you love about Trump?
America heard you why don't you do the job appointed to you. Predator and chief.
I commend you for showing how easy it is to brainwash a mass of people.
They had all this time But now.@HilaryClinton sends these liars THE FBI NEEDS TO INVESTIGATE
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
when Mitt Romney and Newt ran they tried to pull the same crap. YouTube the debate between the 2. Newt handled it likechamp
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
Third Woman in Palm Beach makes allegation #predatorTrump inappropriately touched her.
Don: your past will keep you from what you want. As it should.
This backlash will be brutal. 
You deserve it.... 
#karma
Russian asshole: Numbskull is one word. Hi to Vlad. Winter’s coming.
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
100.000 trump friends pray for Trump 1 minute every day we fighting demonic Obama / Clinton & bush  daily 1 minute unite
Please DON'T get off on this distraction! Please just stay on message and keep on pounding crooked Hillary. You winning!!!!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
.@realDonaldTrump You are such a liar!! #nevertrump #
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
We know these are false claims. So late in the election, the panic sets it and claims run wild. USA issues more important
don't you mean the 10 year-old you had the hots for?  So hard to keep track of your disgusting behavior....
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
because she was afraid of an orange baboon with no self control

I WOULD NEVER VOTE FOR THIS DISGUSTING WOMAN. TRUMP IS THE ONLY REAL CHOICE FOR PRESIDENT
- please explain WHY you are voting for Trump WITHOUT talking about Hillary/Bill?
its a very easy decision, she wants open borders, TPP, and to increase taxes on middle class


Think about it for a second.
We should differenciate between "incident" and "happened" things. "Never occurred" means #Trump did not fuck!
Do you prefer articles younger than 12 years old?
Any comment on this?
That was Bill Clinton who did this"
Did he? The court will be putting #Trump on trial not Clinton
You're crazy..criminal, corrupt Clinton.
You're a three follower inarticulate egg so I'll block you now
In your mind!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com ) https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/786554517680693248 …
Right, Clinton's accusers are credible, but yours are not. Bullshit. This is going to end with you indicted.
Just own up to your mistakes and repent. That's the only thing you can do! Either way it goes you are loosing in November.
do apply the same standard to why the woman who claimed last week that bill Clintons assaulted her denied it in the past?
Media tells nothing but hoaxes! Lies! Frauds! #nextfaketrumpvictim
no one believes you
You brought this on yourself.  Women are clearly sick of your bullshit.
There is not a woman that I know that is buying the mainstream media BS so don't talk on behalf of women.
Proof election is RIGGED!!!   https://youtu.be/6Op9Bkpeu4s  via @YouTube
this tweet is disgusting. You should be ashamed.
I didn't exactly understand what they were trying to do with it either 
So gross!
.@realDonaldTrump How about your Dec. child rape case? Is it fake too?! http://scribd.com/doc/316341058/Donald-Trump-Jeffrey-Epstein-Rape-Lawsuit-and-Affidavits … #ImWithHer #NeverTrump
it was thrown out. it's a fake Jane Doe case.
use materials on leaks emails attack crooked every days, people will see it. Please don't be distracted from crooked
You are sick dude. Trump2016
But you bragged on a live mic that you commit sexual assault all the time! And you ALWAYS tell the truth, don't you?
Gary I like you a lot but don't join masses and succumb to social media lows of mud slinging. Not a good look
Corroborated accounts by multiple victims of a guy who BRAGGED about sexual assault: NOT "mud slinging."
30 years later and timing of release of claims is awfully suspicious Gary!
Sex crime victims are often silent for years, fearing retribution/shaming (see "Cosby, Bill").
lol
Because she only has so much space and there are so many. So it sounds like you are admitting that the ones included in the article are true
When the American people realize that you are a con man and you were only after a money grab for you and your cronies then America is first
we all know it didn't happen just another attempt to make you look bad but LORD they are desperate !
in Old Testament times God gave over some nations to their evil ways.If HCL wins,prob a bad sign for USA! Prayn4Trumpwin!
@DiamondandSilk Spin this against the left's lies! They are trying to keep us from hearing about her latest emails.
READ U.S. intelligence agencies Assessment of Russian Activities in Election!
https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/ICA_2017_01.pdf …
People are allowed to report sexual assault whenever the fuck they want, Donald. The real question is why did you do it?
nah ther is statute of limitations for sexual assaults Plus wher r eye witnesses to this 'grope'?All media spin
- "Who you gonna' believe? Me saying I grab women in the pussy, or women who say I grabbed their pussy?"
you make a good point.i just cant believe Trumps campaign has come 2 the point of actually asking that question
- they're going lower and lower and trying to drag Clinton with them. Have you seen this Obama boner video?
Obama bones video. No. I hate to ask but send link if u have it. Trump's campaign is really down in the gutter.
-
omg! That is what Trump's campaign has come down 2? Looking at grainy video 4 Obama's junk. Hahaha!
One word: Desperate. The GOP is losing. Trump is losing. #WinterIsComing #Hillary2016
Trump claims 2 be so smart but he's loosing an election that he could've probably won.
She was embarrassed, a characteristic that obviously has escaped u- like most predators. It happened, u know it happened.
You're right about global warming. Don't back down.
Shame on you..God will punish you for your lies..
GOD will most definitely punish @realDonaldTrump for a myriad of things
Michelle Obama spoke well but forgot to mention about Bill's affairs and Hillary not defending the women involved
Bill never bragged about attempting to rape anyone and is not running. And Trump is vilifying accusers
But Hillary never defended the women involved with Bill's affairs... Hilary has a "lying ability" with email

You have given America absolutely NO reason to believe anything you say, you Lying Loser!
You are a fraud
I am beautiful maybe I will get the ten thousand dollar to accuse Trump of abuse
Halo is a foundation offering ten thousand  to young beautiful women to go public and accuse Trump of abuse the pay is good
ok you said your piece enough the more you make of it the bigger it gets.enough quit tweeting stick to policy
what policy? The prick has no policy.
Peter your an fing http://idiot.how  about rebuilding our military securing our borders.
how is going to rebuild the military? How is he going to secure the borders? How?
are you really that stupid.god I can't even deal with your http://idiocy.how  about building the wall
There will be no wall, there was never going to be a wall.
and also guard towers not to mention motion sensors and many more border agents.so please Peter pecker eater
There will be no wall or guard towers
why is your grammar so poor on the internet? use proper punctuation.
focus on the http://issues.You  are giving HTC what she want. Don't take the cheese
BECAUSE IT DIDN'T HAPPEN. LIAR.
Spoken like a true predator, @realDonaldTrump. Please shut up now.
seriously! It's all she said, she said, she said, she said...vote for misogyny, vote trump!
Ignore the media, they are irrelevant in this race...they have lost all credibility and are dying a slow death.
you have them running scared...they are pulling out all the stops..you got this! Hammering her!! and her rapist husband
Anyone that has to so vehemently defend that they didn't do something is generally guilty. #trumplies
I dont say it cause I wasn't there, but A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE SAYING YOU MUST HAVE ASSAULTED HER, SO IT'S PROBABLY TRUE U DID
The video was fake too. it was edited by a sound man.
.@realDonaldTrump Amazing how this stuff magically appears at this late date.Some will do ANYthing for $!  Desperation to me! #NeverHillary
you are spending way to much time on these "claims." The way you win in NOV is speak about the issues and NOTHING else
Can you imagine the Vegas Strip lined with Trump supporters before the debate?! The media would not be able to ignore it!
Maybe because she didn't see it as a "story" and wasn't looking for publicity.
END YOUR CAMPAIGN & put the country out of the misery you cause.
Let it go!  Stop the twitter battle with the morons. Practice this, "I addressed that, I'm here to talk about the issues."
Stay with the issues forget all that other stuff. Have you wive go around with you to show 
Unity.
You are not God's gift to women. As hard as it is for you to fathom, you are a low life d bag
If I had your history I would avoid using the phrase "twelve year old" in any tweet.
This woman is still voting for Trump. These are all lies to take away from Wikileaks dumps. Shows what liars Dems are!
-Clinton’s communication’s Dir. Palmieri: staterf run of allegations sadly fits what we know about Trump treats women.”
People that make false charges should be prosecuted. Just as making a false police report.
if I were you I would avoid the term "twelve year old" #justsaying #DumpTrump
mr Trump we are behind you. You need to focus on your policies to change this country. Don't fuel the flames
Hillary's tweets are pathetic!
because she lying.
huh. So YOU say. You use power to abuse women & remain at the forefront of their thoughts and fears. Classic pervert.
you should have taken your own advice from decades ago and not run for President. #Skeletons #LockHimUp
nothing but a bunch of liberal liars
make sure you guys vote November 28 !!!!!
Oh it happened and we all know it did. You've pulled this crap so many times you don't even remember them all.
National Security claims Arrest monsters impostor Muslim sharia Islam Barack Hussein Obama II, Also know as Barry Soetoro
more like she feared your bullying tactics and ignorance would threaten her job. Not everyone handed their wealth.
Glad you are fighting back. Don't take any garbage from them. #MAGA #NeverHillary #TrumpPence16 @FLNJItalia312 @kphil64
DID NOT HAPPEN, NO ONE BELIEVE YOU, LIAR LIAR.  YOU LIE EVERY 5 SECONDS, YOU ASSAULT ON WOMEN, MINORITY ALL DAY LONG.
Please jus focus on policy Your allowing the media to deflect you from the Real Issues don't fall into this trap!
u r a revolutionary
@ljddesigns We believe you MrTrump!
Why R these trollops waiting less than a month be4 election 2 come forth? They R LIARS! We R NOT FOOLED! #TRUMP4PRESIDENT
has a point. If she reported it Trump would likely not be the Republican nominated POTUS candidate!
I read an interoffice memo, 10/12 in it the Democrats said they had to get the women's vote to win, so obviously it is them
yes, and I wonder why she went back for a massage...?
Your nose is growing .

we got your back Donald. ..don't let the biased media get in your head...stay on course...we want America great again!
get em Man
Hillary corrupt ass spinning her husband is a rapist. Evil will do what evil does. Hope you send that bitch to jail!
we got your back!! Go Trump!!!
Hmm. Could it have been that if she had, you would have seen it to ruin her career before it started?
since you want to Sue; it will come out in Court.
Or because of our #RapeCulture that prevented her from coming forward.
hire a investigator to expose the lies and stay on subject talk about the issues that matter to Americans not the Clintons
perhaps a lie detector test would be in order

don't waste 1 minute on this false story the liberals that aren't associated with the news media think it's false. Focus!
You get creepier by the day. & encouraging your supporters to repeal the 19th amendment. Is this 1920's?
slimebag predator
Oh jeesh!  Now it's Hillary's fault that you can't control yourself? It's always someone else's fault with you!
Asking that question shows how delusional and clueless you are.
Trust the American people and stick to the positive message u have!!!  Don't get in the gutter!   #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
your gonna lose if you wait for Wikileaks to help there doing nothing get to work trump unless you want to lose
Go, Fight, Win Trump 2016
I keep seeing #MAGA--does that mean Make America Grope Again? #OctopusDon #grabthembythepussy #TrumpocalypseNow
Idk. Maybe you should ask Juanita.
did you pay to play with that ten year old you were planning on dating?
because it didn't  happen...duh!
please stop talking about those women. It's not worth the election.. stick to crooked clintons emails please.
oh poor little pipi is going to jail soon! He will do something stupid soon.
When your campaign is based on lies, lies and mendacious lying lies, why would anyone believe a word you say, Donald?
Why wasn't the incident told while you were on The Apprentice?  Answer: It would not come out weeks before the election.
We're with you #MrTrump
sure it did. Big bad boogy man.
Ha, ha, ha...
"Grab them by the pussy." That kind of undermines your story that you never no-way did such thing.

this is stupid, all accusations no proof, we have proof on HILLARY, AND YOU WILL NO OPEN YOUR EYES
# U are just a lying predator,  always say they didn't do it,  what u have done to your brand from this day on Karma!


Mr. Trump.  Please focus on the issue and not personal attacks or ego.  You will stand a better chance of winning.
.@realDonaldTrump thank you for calling out that liberal conspiracy @people! Finally, someone had the guts to do it! #MAGA
You are your own worst enemy- Your Fired
sounds like sheer arrogance. There is a lot of ambiguity. Need a candid person to lead.
Donald we all know it's never your fault. It is somebody else's problem. They lie. I told you it would catch up with you
can we ask melania?
Hmmmmm
Jessica Leeds claim of grouping on public plane like a Octopus not believable. Lots of people around folks. Can't be true.
class act

It is called fear of a very influential man! You can't relate since you are always surrounded by security & we know why...
Hillary pays off media. She didn't go high she went low.   As a female with 4 dtrs I can not believe any of these lies
deny,deny deny and deny yet again still we all know its true,true ,true.hows ur rape trial coming along Donald?
get on message attack use emails get on message your an outsider Clinton media hit job blow it off get on message
oh boo fucking hoo
Or, like the majority of sexual assault victims, she was scared, ashamed or one of 15,000 other logical reasons.
wow. You are despicable
stay strong Mr. Trump. You will win. Greetings from India
thank you Sir for exposing the biased media and being brave enough to go up against Crooked Killary!  Trump for president!
Don't fall for this crap. Stay on USA problems.

I is it true the Saudies r buying US land & draining water into tankers & shipping it 2 Arabia? This is the last straw. – at Ashly's Design Studio
Why would he Lie?  when he told the truth the first time. TRUMP 2016
Hillary praised the competence of Trump's children & how this reflected well on Trump as a Father. https://youtu.be/Ngd4A2aUBDE 
Because when a self-sufficient, independent woman is sexually assaulted, it shakes her confidence and makes her question.
Maybe you could become cell mates with Bill Cosby! That's where you belong, not in the White House.
I believe her.
Clinton is paying anyone and everyone to LIE. just like her.
There's something really wrong with you.
Where were they 30 years ago? Just fabricated b's. Hillary has some serious problems, email scandal, Bengazi,  Bill Cinton
Error in idol talk of things that didn't happen is only human. Take the human element out of the presidency you got nothing
