
I like you but that's in poor form.
Trump University Shut down in 2010. In November 2016, Trump Agreed to Settle a Series of Lawsuits Related to the... • @realDonaldTrump
Yet Trump stated he was the Least racist person he knows...He knows a number of racists so He is the least.
In 2005, the Trump Announced an Eponymous "University" to Teach His Real-Estate Development Secrets. Students Ponied... • @realDonaldTrump
'Merica will give a phony presidency to a scam artist that ran a phony university. Smh.
first campaign promise broken. Which one is next. Should have voted for HER!
@pacneil this is the kind of broken-ass logic that gave us @realDonaldTrump in the first place.
Please, enlighten us poor ignorant slobs.People who voted for #TrumpTreason to blow shit up.
revenge politics + framing as win/lose is how we got here. We all lose.
Please enlighten how you think politics should be played. This ain't beanball you know.
how about acting like an adult as a start?
I should ignore that the Attorney General of the U.S committed perjury? Fuck that. #BananaRepublicans
#Kleptocracy
#Resist
accusations of perjury NEED to go before a judge.
Well, you can't settle an Obstruction charge!

How does WINNING feel to you now???

RESIGN WHILE YOU STILL CAN,  TRAITOR!!!
Don't worry I have a feeling you're going to find a lot more bad things about being President. All of us will.
C U Next Tuesday
Yes because this settlement was in the works before you won!!?? Come on!! Liar!
yeah too bad #thief
No, what's too bad is that you were allowed to settle.  The people should have showed your filth for what it is.
=LOSER why didn't you negotiator this settlement yourself? why didn't you use those bigly skills you've honed over the yrs
You did the right thing...Very smart man.  You would have won I know that!#MAGA
Too busy playing golf? Or covering up Russian scandal? Or that sexual harassment lawsuit? Or getting intelligence from Fox?
Diblasio has something 2hide!He refuses2use muslim Registry& threatening2 sue!Swamp Draining time!
Always room for u
lol
I loved when Mitt Romney said your “words are as meaningless as a degree from Trump University!”
LOL
No one likes you.
Yet in hindsight you've had time to golf 9 billion times...
HELLO @realDonaldTrump if you have so much time for golfing, you Do Have Time for a trial!  Then disclose financial info >GoForIt!!!
I voted for you to drain the swamp and to prosecute the Clinton Foundation! Will you keep ANY of your promises???
He can't prosecute Clinton Fdn because he knows Trump Fdn is a criminal enterprise and he'll be prosecuted next!

Bwahaha!
thank you for protecting the disabled community!
WTF?  If you were going to win, then why did you settle for millions.  That sounds like losing.  Too bad!  So SAD!
Sorry, but the ONLY bad thing about you winning the presidency is that you fooled so many and actually won the presidency.
no the only bad thing about you winning the Presidency is that you won.
Looks like you may have your chance still to win (or lose) those lawsuits about your fraudulent university! #realcitizen52
Mr Trump I wish the communist dems. would leave you alone so you could do what you need to do to make America great again.
it would have been a majestic loss, too bad you settled
You did not win. Russia paid for your win. Prove they did not.
that's ok you can make it up during your impeachment trial #illegitimatePresident
hahaha. And hahahahaha.
@protesting2016 just pay up...scrape enough money up yet?
Fraud all around ...

https://www.google.com/amp/abcnews.go.com/amp/US/russian-hackers-targeted-half-states-voter-registration-systems/story%3Fid%3D42435822 …
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/trump-used-258000-from-his-charity-to-settle-legal-problems/2016/09/20/adc88f9c-7d11-11e6-ac8e-cf8e0dd91dc7_story.html?client=ms-android-att-us …
How can you as US PEOTUS brag about getting away with stealing from old/poor people? How do you sleep Sir?
you lie
.@realDonaldTrump it's probably not too late to call off the settlement you offered and move forward with the trial. go for it!
Dude, lay off the cocaine. There is already enough information to prove your "Univeristy" was a scam.
what a complete waste of space. You settled because you had no case and would have lost. Never settle.. yeah right!
yes, THATS why
learn more about sudan and will never say like this again
and you dont have time to sue the women you sexually harrased, or time to jail HRC, or time to repeal Obamacare. #Liar
Think God & Heaven have vindicated you well by shin’g His grace upon you & allow’g u to utilize ur talents to bless us,now!
REALLY? You had plenty of time Trump!! You kept getting it postponed. We all know why. That's what's too bad.
You sir, are a crook.
you would have lost
The ONLY bad thing?!? Bwaaa haaaa haaaa haaaa haaaa!! If only!  #Resist
If you're so heartbroken about missing this trial, why don't you drop the whole "presidency" facade and go deal with it?
- It is what it is.The Presidency is more important than frivolous nonsense.
there are millions of bad things about you winning presidency.
wow i really hope he gives you the attention you so desperately crave
yup that's me
You would have lost and that's why you settled, that's what you always do, settle so you can't say you lost #LoserTrump
I think the $3000 maximum capital gains loss per year is hideous and not fair but yet if we gain $100000 we pay that year
What about having to have a guy stand outside the toilet stall when you take a tinkle? That would be a dealbreaker for me.
The only bad thing about you winning the presidency is you.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA COWARD
Everything has been terrible about your elections. The majority of Americans are in fear of their lives.
Didn't know that having to pay millions of dollars to settle this case is winning??
You clearly have free time for tweeting and a victory tour of America.

You settled to avoid conviction.
keep spreading lies. You are a joke!
PAYING OUT IS NOT WINNING. THAT IS PAYING FOR IT TO END BECAUSE YOU ARE GUILTY BUT CAN AFFORD IT
#Trumpgret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLjqnpBCi3I … x
This is who we are regardless of political belief - we are all the same and we belong together. Please listen Mr. Trump x
Sure you would
No you ended up settling for 25 million dollars. Mmmm sounds like you were guilty of something according to Conway's view.
That was the only good thing
wrong.
Pardon me. But you are not the judge.U r d defendant. You just chickened out. Full stop. @cnni @nytimes
#liar #apologize #firetrump
no it was that you won
the bad thing about you winning the presidency is you winning the goddamn presidency
I for one wish that you had. Also I would love to see an investigation into your Foundation.
trump DM me I wanna fight you
Yes, because your ass would be in jail like all the other criminals.


We don't care about your faux university
Too bad is right. Everyone needed to see how you only care about the bottom line & not the people.
You're just delusional. No court would ever side in your favor on this one.
#CrookedClintons or #crookedDonald ? #peace
do u understand how the law works orrrrrr
Lucky you.
I know I'm also disappointed you didn't get slaughtered in court for scamming hundreds of your own supporters
Are you sure that is the ONLY bad thing about your win?
U wouldn't have won cause it was fraud, and u know it. Your lucky they accepted ur settlement. Nice trumpful thinking tho!
Fraud, Fraud, Fraud
You bought a settlement. You are just as guilty as if you sent through trial!
did u do SimCourt from Maxis/EA to stimulate the outcome? i ran the numbers don, u'd make a great scoleri bros in gstbstrs2
you got to keep way more then what the people that signed up paid you for a worthless school.
you know you would have lost #SCAMKING

bu
as hard as it may be for you, you need to stop using Twitter.  It is harming you!
You should pay those student loans off for the ones you SCAMMED

you would have lost!  You are a crook and if you were not a narcissist you would hate yourself
I wish you all the best wishes for the holiday season....I proudly voted for you and changed to the Republican Party ...
Merry Christmas to you and your Family
Stop lying.
Speak for yourself why don't you
you are an embarrassment!
You won the big giant and your supporters and I know you would of won the Trump. U. Trial, a set up we know.
Yea, because you would have been paying a helluva a lot more than 25 million. We see right through your lies & deceit.
how are you even allowed to post this shit?
Winning????  Looks like you CONCEEDED....
What a joke you are!
you don't even believe that hehe

you're a criminal
no, you knew you'd loose so you settled and pocketed the rest. That's what con men do.
You're a scam artist.  Remember Enron?
nah everything about you winning the election was bad.
You would not have won. Paying a settlement says guilty.
because you settled you thief
is a loser. A big loser who settles cases bc he is a loser
the rape trial coming up!!  Or will you settle!!!
Past  now the  future We ask and  got you. Just think of us in all you do in the future
cause you would be one in jail if couldn't pay yourself out just saying
You were never going to win that suit that's why you settled. What's yr excuse for all of the other lausuits against you?
#crook #lies #25million
Bahaha
lol that ego of yours. Missing time with family? Investing time on projects? No...you go for winning a lawsuit.

Winning trial?  What a scam
u know u stiffed those people. But what's 25 mil when soon u will have a brand new atm card just for u right in the oval of
you are a crook. U paid and you will take a tax exempt for it. #trumpraisetaxes
Don't worry! There will probably be plenty more trials!
Then go through with the trial. Isn't worth the 25 million?
I would bet the people who's $35,000 you STOLE from them would disagree. Thief.
I for one was looking forward to a trial and conviction. A 25 million settlement? What were you afraid of?
Put it behind you.  Grab rebounds Mr President. Don't waste time arguing.  Make shots.  EARN points.
not really something to brag about! The only pres-elect IN HISTORY, to have to settle a FRAUD case before taking office! 
Too bad = THANK CHRIST to you. Dodged a bullet there, OrangeTint.
Choose Rudy not MIT.!
whats crooking tonight Donald?
Seriously?
Behave there Mr T good grief.
Bullshit. And EVERYONE knows it.
@officialmcafee  This would be a amazing team&secure the country from hack from anywhere or anyone. https://www.google.com/amp/www.newsweek.com/anonymous-backs-mcafee-aid-trump-securing-america-hackers-524250%3Famp%3D1?client=safari …
#CrookedTrump #PutHisSorryPiñataAssInJail @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @MELANIATRUMP @TiffanyATrump 
What a joke!
No one buys that sir.. Stop insulting our intelligence.
Only losers settle ay
It's over - more important things to do that U promised your voters!
you didn't win, by over 2 million votes. #notthepeopleschoice #notmupresident #youreapig
