you are the winner let them whine and maybe send them some cheese
Wonder what they are frantic about? Could it be they fear something horrendous being exposed with you in office?
why do you care?
It is not their job to support you! Its their job to watch every little thing you do!
they don't get it why they loss, or they don't care, they think they know what's best, elitist!
. Mr Trump no Romney you will alienate all southern christuans
When are you going to stop your embarrassing stupid comments. You lost the popular vote get over it.
what i want to know is way every ones bitching about votes and the like Hillary has consedid at that moment she given
up the fight for president she has given a connection speech its over way are ppl still harping she is dun by that
Already up and drunk tweeting?  Give it a rest, sunshine.  Here's something you can look at instead:
It was @donlemon Trashing u when I went to bed I wake up its @ChrisCuomo they never stop ! Don't give them press pass
genuine question: Why are you still campaigning? It's not the medias job to kiss your ass, they get fired for doing so
Because the media is corrupt! Especially, the Clinton News Network. Their ratings should give a clue
can't seem to find any mention of Breitbart or Fox in your feed. Interesting
I wasn't referring to Breitbart or Fox, just CNN's assessment. Interesting you would think otherwise.
LOL MOOOOO
revoke their press credentials from whitehouse press corps
When are you going to get better instead of worse?
they never found mh370
Hahahahahaha! Not hardly.
You are the worst President-Elect and will not change on 1/20/2017.
AND LYING TRUMP PROMISED TO HELP WORKING PEOPLE BUT HE WILL JUST INTRODUCE POLICIES THAT EXPLOIT AND DEPRIVE THEM EVEN MORE.
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN
Obama can order disclosure of Trump tax returns for conflicts of Emoluments Clause as Dems in Congress want. #WimpFactor 
you're a weirdo
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN
Buncha whackadoodles!
Sometimes I watch to get a good laugh-as if I'm watching a Comedy...Of Errors
Kinda like
Many have stopped watching mainstream media. Reporters became "specialists" instead just reporting the facts.
What's Wrong with You? If you were my kid I'd take all your electronics away until you play nice. #TrumpHates
, I respect your views tho they are not always in line with mine but did you really type that tweet? Sounds like a 5yr old 
Wrong... Wrong... Shut up... Wrong...
Chris Cumo is the worst of all at CNN
DonCon, why are you so butthurt? Because nobody likes you?
You lost the popular vote by 2+million votes. Abdicate your throne The Emperor has no Clothes #notmypresident
and I thought you was going to #DrainTheSwamp? now Elaine Chao? you're now owned by the globalists, let down voter
@Trump_Regrets @Tracey4America @realDonaldTrump  he doesn't think he can lie to you, he KNOWS he can. #trumpchumps
Donald, you need help. These tantrums and more are a sign of dementia. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aK09F37tADQ&feature=gp-n-y&google_comment_id=z13cffi4csqdcn54y04cd5bqkmqrzvmky … #TrumpUnfit
he would have to it MSM weren't so dishonest and one sided
How is it dishonest when CNN & others report his words verbatim? Wait. Don't answer.
@sluggoD54 @CNN Best revenge sometimes is success.Make it difficult and miserable for CNN,MSNBC, OTHER  MSM.Be successful!
you are the president elect. Stop acting like a reality star going on a tantrum.
Just stating what everyone else is thinking and spot on as usual. Say President Trump, it's okay 
@freecanadian55 @CNN come now Donnie act your age not you're hand size
CNNは嘘つきだ。日本に関する報道もほとんどがウソだ。
Youraloser
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN SAD
Dude, lay off the cocaine. They have given you so much free press. You should be thanking them.
wtf this shit is so fun my fellow American am so sorry why u guys elect this crazy one
Trumo is scared and weak! He's killing America! SAD!
is scared, weak, under Russian control! SAD!
no they didn't. The NSA stated as such, it isn't a "theory".
Another Russian troll speaks
Going to get drilled again tomorrow apparently
@LucynGOP @CNN When you're in trouble, Double down.   Sad.
@sluggoD54 @CNN Believe that they are funded by our State Dept.They were awarded a noncompetitive bid & are on airport TVs
ROASTED
Miracles do happen!!! We got you!!!
You are a funny guy. Laughing with all these nonsense tweets, so childish. Poor Donald...
I thought you would get better after the debates and winning the presidency. But you got worse!
I think the big baby president Don is literally insane. Having a huge nervous breakdown publicly on twitter.
If his kids really cared about him, they would get him help.
#BlackOutCNN It's communist propaganda..We love you President Trump
yep censor the critical media. it works well in Turkey and in Russia. Good starting point... not
.@SimsFairy @greeneyes0084 @realDonaldTrump @CNN There must be accountability in the media.  There must be at least some semblance of truth.
everybody should be worried if a president decides for you which media to watch and which not.
r u kidding me, CNN is do corrupt. It's obvious it's all u watch
@LesterHoltNBC @donlemon @abcnews @maddow @MSNBC @HardballChris @NBCNews @cnnbrk @BBC @BBCBreaking @SkyNews @CNBC @nytimes

CNN kissed your butt throughout the entire campaign.  You should be grateful.
You are joking right? The Clinton News Network kissed HIS ass? Lol
Absolutely.  Never called him out on his lies, downplayed all his scandals, emails 24/7.  Kissed his butt.
That is laughable.  Google "untruth about Donald trump" watch presentation by @StefanMolyneux
I'll pass, thanks. I saw CNN downplay Trump's lunacy with my own eyes, repeatedly.
Then you choose to be uninformed and wrong. You are part of the problem. Good job
I refuse to be brainwashed. I heard Trump's words, saw them normalized. Saw maniacs cheer lies.
give me one
Nothing worse than when news agencies report your own misinformation.
Trump's circles of lies and delusion remind me of the "Tea Cups" ride at Disney World. How does he stop?
CNN was bought from Turner w US citizen $. Time to take it back! NATIONALIZE CNN !!!
if you think this about CNN, why do you keep watching? I don't understand.  Help me here.
How about releasing your taxes?
amazing how ppl support corrupt Hillary
Stop tweeting.  For God's Sake!  You are President Elect not Vice President of a third tier Fraternity in Idiotsville!
I see you are completely clueless. He tweets because the libral media is never going to give him a break.
only further cementing the fact that CNN stands for “Clinton News Network” #NotFairOrBalanced
Without their chicken-sh^t fear of loss of ratings, HRC would have won. They were afraid to call him out
You're sounding so presidential!
who cares stoner
I'm okay medicinally but not recreational. It destroys our children's ambitions
somebody needs to take away your phone or your ability to tweet period.
why?? We are social media age. Social media is what helped get trump elected
cause homeboy doesn't know how to keep his impulsive baby hands off the keyboard even though he's already won.
what about the ppl still crying over the their loss and not accepting his win? Are u going to tweet them, too?
#nodoublestandards
Idc about them, Im talking about this dude and his unnecessary impulsive tweets. I haven't seen anybody "crying" lately.
Jill stein recount is getting 10x the amount of media coverage than her actual campaign. Clinton has joined the recount demands
is that not a form of whining? Media goes after trump, trump goes after media.
except he won. No recount is going to prove otherwise. Media can say whatever they like, but it doesn't matter.
DON'T  WORRY. NO ONE BELIEVES THEIR REPORTING ANYMORE.

@mephistofish @CNN  the Clinton News Network is doubling down
Cnn is sinful no 1 depends on their fake news anymore don't listen to them your head will explode we  you
you are so right! Anderson and his Klan ( CNN ) are going away over the next 8 years. I don't see the network around.
thats what DICTATORS do! They force news networks 2 only air positive stories! U want Am 2 be a dictatorship em on DIC
screw the constitution it's just an old raggedy piece of paper anyway
don't you have a job to do. Your acting like a spoiled child.
they're not a news organization, they don't know how to get better. #fakenews
Where are TRUMPS emails..... yea where are they??
Not surprising, CNN #exposed a bunch of hacks & sore losers. They thought they'd b front&center for a HC coronation 
very true CNN has gotten really bad. They once were my favorite news outlet. Now I can't watch very long. SAD.
I deleted @cnn from my stuff... .
they can't handle you, serious melt downs?..Oh my gosh you make me laugh...#MAGA..
ClintonNewsNetwork
and I thought the GOP would stop advancing the Democrat agenda when U won
No MSN news on this just local news
No, they are not worse. You are worse if that is possible. Think of how few Americans actually voted 4 you. #morelies
thanks for keeping Preet!
That's funny. I thought YOU would get better after squeaking into office, and yet look at you - you're still a buffoon
Your in for the worst four years of reporting in your life Mr. President. They can't help themselves.
Sharia law must stop now no women should wear a cover up this is America
So are you.
Progressism is famous for their denial of reality. One election will not change that.
what is CNN didnt they use to be a new station??
Mr. Trump, I have heard many say the similar things about you.
But you're okay with @FoxNews being your FREE super PAC?
They will never learn, so we all just need to leave them in our dust
I wonder when you ever shut up and become presidential. So childish and so low IQ.
no your worse! Getting worse every day! God help us to survive 4 yrs so we can get rid of you #sounqualified #disgrace
is this really you tweeting  or someone who reads your thoughts
@biafrawood @CNN
... we thought you would get better after the election too but you've only gotten worse
don't you have more important matters to attend to rather than slamming @CNN ? #horriblepresidentelect
@Trump4Catholics @CNN Don't watch CNN, it will make you crazy!!
she beat you by over 2,000,000 votes. "The electoral college is rigged!"- you
Looks like that is one swamp you wont be able to drain
FIGURES. LIBERALISM IS A MENTAL DISORDER-SAVAGE.  LIBERAL LEOPARD DOES NOT WANT TO CHANGE ITS SPOTS! MAGA, MR. PEOTUS
JUST STOP!  STOP ACTING LIKE A WHINING CHILD!
anja.. ud. lo dice.. que sera de mi pais. que soporta lo mas inmundo que pueda haber. cuidese. suerte
I think you'd do better if you'd delete your account.
We are more interested in how well you can perform as a President than hearing about the 'drama.
that's right they are
is doubling down towards a crash and burn!
Aww. Come on, little Donnie. It's time for a nap. You seem cranky.
#Trumpisaninfant
Calling out Trump lies is better Baby Hands, Least respected president and soon to be biggest failure, oh Snowflake.
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT
CNN supported you
Don't watch! I know, I don't and you have much more decisions to make than I.
I don't watch CNN I took CNN off my mom's phone too she stopped reading their news along time ago.
So you mean the same Hillary who won the popular vote?
and besides, you won the election. No need to gloat
. Thy suck, they all suck
I dont watch since Jones cmmt of whitelash. Sick of generalized statements from Lemon!
All your staff, don't talk to CNN. Totally ignore them and make it known you ignore them.
I focus, let's get back to your business conflicts of interest, how much are you really worth.  How much debt do you have?
CNN= Corrupt News Network. They're liberal parasitic thugs.
do you know why the shituns are taking a failure tour?  They think you are a god and they are imitating you.
Off task, DJT! Focus on the People's business, not your own ego!
publicly change your party to democrat, then they'll give you all the positive coverage you could ever want 
. Clinton News Network
Trump supporters' claim stuns CNN anchor
http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2016/12/01/cnn-anchor-stunned-trump-supporter-newday.cnn …
Wow....If it was on Facebook..it has to be right.
And America is still waiting for you to get better PEOTUS after winning...read the constitution and try to follow it
Never will watch them again!
they are bat crazy! All of them!
Cnn is terrible and doesn't report honestly! never watch them anymore!
We thought you would get better after election but that didn't happen
You should buy them!
just resigned for gods sake!
CNN's attitude is if at first your don't succeed with your lies and perversions of truth, try and try again!
no one believes in their nonsense anymore apart from their own lefty loons.
Not worse than you!
So are you.
CNN not for HRC.  Paid trump supporters as analysts 4 ratings. Now we have you mr. pres. B happy
fire @CNN "You're fired" 
at least with you, we know we can trust @RealAlexJones to bring us closer to death, with your support.
I wouldn't give them a press pass for the white House.
Tweeter works for us.
By CNN.
CNN who?
There's no integrity in the press just as there's no integrity in politicians. It's a cruel world :(

, awww. Stop whining, little Donnie.#Loser of the popular vote.
I'm sorry, you think a news network SUPPORTED a presidential candidate? The gig is up @FoxNews
@ReeceGildroy
What do you actually mean by that? Can you explain it? Or do you have no thoughts that are more than 140 characters?
The Jews run media like they run education & government-FAILS!
please do not nominate Mitt Romney as Secretary of State I've been for you and with you for 2 years
HOW...EXACTLY?
I think what you are saying is that it would be nice if #CNN provides balance coverage. There is always hope.
- evil never gives up. You are in God's hands & in our prayers.
their on meds,not in reality,pray for those poor souls.  FEAR NOT!TRUMP T=TRUMP R=RUNS U=UNDER M=MARY'S P=PROTECTION
hey childish Orange one your fear & weakness is showing!
Disband #CNN
I am thankful for your tweets.  They are direct and informative without the media.
#DrainTheSwamp with David Petraeus?
#DonTheCon
Focus on the country dude... It is after all what #WeThePeople elected you to do. There will always be criticism.
CNN = Clinton News Network
@elohimis1 @CNN don't allow CNN in press room that simple
@rharrisonfries @CNN FCC should pull their licensehow much Marxist fake news can the country stand
CNN is still paying your ridiculous surrogates--you should be thrilled! Stop crying you baby!
The worse @cnn get the more viewers they lose. They must be WANTING to go out of business!! #CorporateSuicide
“A new McCarthyism has emerged in the wake of  contentious 2016 presidential election,” http://www.truthdig.com/avbooth/item/why_is_the_washington_post_embracing_the_new_mccarthyism_20161129 … … …
The times isn't far behind. Hope u start rewarding those that stood by &supported u @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump
@happyjack225 @CNN  We call them "Libtards" for a reason.. they never learn.
Except that you lost the popular vote by millions.
