u r a idiot
I've perused your TL. I'd shut up if I were you. You are barely literate.  @wasalwaysEE
Btw, hit the Unfollow button. You may be an atheist, but I've encountered dryer lint smarter than you.  @wasalwaysEE
you should go on a diet
dude, your ppl don't need to say anything stupid. You say it and expect them to clean it up! #TreasonousTrump
a person of your ilk should never have the power to pardon http://anyone.you  can be blackmailed and for that reason you lost.
#Hillbullies
Self-respect doesn't need to be fawned over and made much of. It's internal and intrinsic. It can handle criticism.
year that pretty much sums you up. If someone disagrees with you you will shut them up. Way to go with that who 1st amend
God bless you and your family from Abboud family
your people are crazy as you, firing them is giving them a new life and second chance from God
LIke "fucking moron?"
I thought you viewed yourself as super loyal to your people.  Which is it?
that's why she thinks everyone hates and is racist...projects herself on the world
Fire yourself!
have Russia hack your campaign account and u will see worse. Ur people know u are insane & they emailed themselves about it
you are failed.
Looks like you're running your own brand into the ground to satisfy your own ego.  Bad instincts
If only the MSM would cover this. Think of all you've endured, and yet, u will still be President. #MAGA #draintheswamp
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
here have some candy trump
"never fight first instinct. Listen to your gut America." @parscale
Dumb is just fkn Dumb they go together like cake & ice cream.
if you did all the things her people talk about, you would be in prison!!!

Don't you make people sign non-disclosure agreements to keep them from badmouthing you?
Yeah we know truth to power in your world means - YOUR FIRED
Mr President it looks like we won.  Now it's important to say the right thing and ONLY the right thing. We did it 
You should hear the stuff Pence and Christie used to say about you
.@realDonaldTrump 

Why release these monsters who want to poison our kids?

Obama Frees 98 More Drug Offenders

http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/10/28/obama-frees-98-drug-offenders-total-872/ …
Your people don't have leverage over you Sir.
I love you President Trump
if they fired them they know that they did turn on them so they nurture them it's pathetic
His supporters are literally supporting an unregistered sex offender for POTUS. Shame on them.
show. the proof in your statement.
Massive Hillary supporters are dropping her, as they learn new things. But there are a few still.
You're Fired! Niw get lost LOSER!
you would just threaten 2 sue them you awful
how do u know they don't? #ManyPeopleAreSaying  Let's see Lewandowski Manafort Conway emails #TrumpReality #Unqualified
They would never say that about you because they fear you. Fear is not the way of a good leader.
or is it?
I guess you would have to ask some of the best dictators in the world and their subjects?
you'd be a one-man campaign
Hillary probably cannot recall the insults. #badjudgement #NeverHillary #DrainTheSwamp #TrumpPence16 #PodestaEmails
What about the rape of a 13 yr old. Trial date Dec 16, 2016. President in Federal court - WoW
Karma..
Yes, Trump. We know you have a hard time with people saying bad things about you. 11 days until you LOSE!
As king I will surround myself with people who only speak highly of me. Any act of treason will result in beheading.
Maybe you should learn to take criticism
YOUR people are probably too scared to speak in fear you may grab their genitals.
Trump or Hillary?
You're so good at taking criticism
Yeah-but NO ONE likes Killery- so she has to find those that hate her the least?
Where I live some Liberals are brainwashed-
#MSM Is Not Helping. The Unknowing Liberal Is Akin To A Lemming
dilexi GO TO COLLEGE
Yeah that's the new normal Kerry blasting himself in the face with a slingshot
Well #JohnKerry shot himself in the foot, so why not a SlingShot to the face
Tried and true? Guess it worked for Lurch-Just rewards stil coming
I bet you'll have to do a lot of firing once you lose the election. The truth will come out. Sad!
Another classic from Moore how he loathes @HillaryClinton
Michael Moore is confused. 
When did Trump Tower become the "Swamp". No matter. It'll be interesting to see what it looks like when drained. Can't wait
: same type of player~~>Romney.
lol!!!!
Hillary & her insidious band of connivers, liars & slanderers have no self-respect nor do they respect others.
we need celebrities too. Out do everything she did. Hit Philadelphia Harrisburg...she cannot win. Don't waste time on her.
If you didn't have your dad's millions, you'd be working for minimum wage because no one would hire you. #DrainTheTrump
what do you think the people will do for you?
Or maybe the confidence to allow others to have their own opinions, and be confident in herself?
How do you feel knowing the MAJORITY of Americans didn't vote for you? Lol...your presidency will alway have an ASTERISK***
she wouldn't have a staff. They all don't like her. Lmao!!
your fired
I have good instincts and hate you
The New York US Attorney is no longer with us. May we please have online gambling in all of the US states?
dear Mr Trump I need a business loan, how will you help small buss like mine to get a fast approval?
Could your Business use a CASH infusion?
http://goo.gl/ghazdj 
And what was he doing to people! 
This man is EVIL
soon he will wish he was dead
yea you didn't walk around Chicagoland helping people register to vote.  That was all that Obama did!  Ha!
I would of if I lived there
But connections to Putin and deposed Oligarchs is cool. Abuse a woman? No problem here.
What about the rape of a 13 yr old. Trial date Dec 16, 2016. President in Federal court - WoW
Karma..
I promise you your people say much worse you wiener.
That is not true, I am very qualified, you are not qualified because you are not as smart as me
you are a loser, not me
wait, you’re really hillary’s dick
WHERE ARE YOUR TAXES????
That's why your campaign staff is always giving anonymous interviews to the press. You surround yourself with "yes men."
Spoken like a true narcissist.
There in it 4 the money, fame and power!! Never have seen so many backstabbers! They are all together in the same swamp!!
maybe she values others and isn't an authoritarian narcissist who can't take constructive criticism.
Hiliary Rotten Clinton is a crook she does not care about anyone but herself.
delete your account
Seriously?  You're probably voti g for Killary huh?
I'm an American and a registered Republican. Trump has my vote, hands down God help us all if Killary is elected!

bad instincts? Aren't YOU the one who never pays contractors because u are repeatedly wrong @ choosing quality partners? Hm
You would fire them because you're an impulsive, thin-skinned manchild.
cant stand her, but you'd fire them cus you cant take criticism.
if I said what you said about grabbing the pussy I wouldn't then say "I have respect for women". Guess cuts both ways
HRC says she didn't no what "c"
Meant? Ignorance of the law is no excuse. U learn that 1st week in law school?
Bad instincts: Hillary would make a great President - Donald J Trump
At least four bankruptcy's refused to pay his immigrant workers. Confused about his workers he decided to write to trump. Keeping illegals .
now that the self important stars of the world are thumping Trump, maybe we will get invited to WHITE House dinners! Yaaa!
Your people DO talk shit about you. You're too busy thinking you're mediocre ass is so great, you fail to hear it.
Loser!
Exactly! She was afraid they'd squeal on her!!!
are you going to fire 60% off America then?? Stop being ridiculous
why don't you think the primary elections were rigged?? Because you won?
Keep praying ! It's Diwali ( good over evil WIN) Keep making your case n stay on message n trust no 1 but your hard work!
You must fire a lot of people.
what about the things Republicans say about you?
Yeah fire anyone that doesn't agree with you.  So mature. You would be an anti-American dictator with a bunch of YES men.
https://www.facebook.com/america.leroux/posts/392389947815532 …
then you don't listen to your people My Hitler. They are afraid to criticize the narcissist
Expose Hillary....

you don't have to fire them, they quit your sorry as first! 
Because you need to sue anyone who doesn't say yes to you. Pathetic.
Hill & Bill are beyond corruption. They don't know meaning of respect in any form.
I hope this puts her down for good
- Evening, out of self #respect you say... Feel like a chat about #climatechange / #globalwarming and the involved
- #methodology Donald? Your a man of #personal #faith #correct? Did you happen to notice what the @Pontifex himself had to
- say re the #ideology of the #capitalism #equation re #climatechange / #globalwarming and the involved #methodology
- Donald? Would you like to #connect as a #goodwill #gesture re the #democratically based #GMSequation my "fellow human
- being"??? Re's D #peace - #IPCC #Education #Ecology101 #Democracy #Objective #Foresight #Future #GMSequation   
.@realDonaldTrump But...who would be left for you to hire?
Undocumented immigrants.
Your entire political campaign has been based on “the Emperor has no clothes!" ask @charliesheen about "Winning!"  @mcuban

That would actually require you to live outside your bubble. Most find you despicable!
Don't think her people really like her they just see power and money if she gets into office. Weiner Gate will do her in.
YOU SHOULD FIRE YOUR OWN SELF OUT OF RESPECT TO @IvankaTrump would not say about your sons they are idiots BTW YOUR TAXES!
lord only knows what they say abt you.  Oh wait Apprentice people spilling beans
Ronald Reagan would make a better president than you, and he's dead. Literally his remains would be a better president.
So u like to surround yourself with yes men.  Hmmm not good way to get real feedback.
of course you would you can fire anyone that doesn't perform... but not the American people , you can't fire us!!!!!
I suspect unemployment would skyrocket if every boss got to read their employees' e-mails about them.
that's why you have all your people sign disclosure forms. It doesn't take long for one to see what you are; you need form
stay   Script  l
is not fit to hold any office.PERIOD.
#HillaryISaJoke #Liar
"I, KGB SPY, STOP HILLARY CLINTON - 2016 CAMPAIGN". KGB  "Filament" http://yapishu.net/book/40370 
Your people,are laughing at this message!
Bad instincts is calling one of your supporters a thug and assuming they are protesting based on the colour of their skin
lots of low life Killary supporters looking for their hand outs. Drain the swamp
hahah THEY do but your EGO is just to big
Don't lie to yourself, Little Man.If your team's emails were hacked,, you'd be horrified at what they say about you.
um....
trust me, your people say way worse. Better fire them all
firing people who criticize you is just one of the reasons you would make a "Bad president".
you and "your people" should have a tic tac
no, it's the exact opposite. Who in your inner circle has the guts to tell you when you are wrong?
seeking to get email to DJT any ideas?
Right, because no one criticizes the emperor. No one.
They have said worse of you because you are a million times worse than she will ever be.  FRAUD 11/28 Rape Status 12/16.
Guess you wouldn't have anybody working for you because, if you haven't figured it out, nobody respects you that much.
Make america fake again!
... I'm certain they do.
I know! With your thin skin you'd probably have them water boarded. #orangesociopath
let the liberals panic. Saw a Shillary supporter walk away from the polls after the news yesterday without voting.
your supporter are the nasty people work the polls they are plain ignorant
LOL apparently he has no clue what his people say about him...
@JamesGreenBayWI   She's whining about what YOU say
"my people".  Hahahah
Every time I see a tweet from @realDonaldTrump, I have to double-check to make sure it's not from a Trump parody account. #HillarysEmails
No, puppet. You puppet. You are a puppet. #clowntrain
Because you are a thin skinned egomaniac who can't handle truth @realDonaldTrump
Bad person, DISGUSTING
Oh they are and we'd all know if Russia would hack your emails.
wrong
if Comay acquits her again in this new investigation then he needs to be under arrest for obstruction.
Self-respect--clearly what you've always sought but will only find when you abandon manipulation for honor, truth, dignity
surely you don't have any self respect. And if you do, you shouldn't have.
I GUARANTEE your employees have a dozen insulting codewords they use to refer to the Trump.
Because you have paper-thin skin, Don. You don't want this job. You gonna sue anyone who questions you? #legalfees
and you are damn good at firing bad people.  That is why you are going to win this election.
And he makes #Judgments. Something the #LiberalWorld has erased from the American Landscape.
I'm an egocentric!
well someone should hack into your emails! I am sure that not everyone loves your bullying!
Don't try to tell us you have any self respect. Inflated ego is vastly different #NeverTrump
Add me on Snapchat! Username: juslaflare
Yeah, we know, accepting critical views is not in your DNA. #selfrighteousbyinstinct
crooks like #Hillary have no self respect
they do say those things about you your too busy being a #whineylittlebitch to notice 
With all due respect sir - you wouldn't have hired them in the first place.
sychophant. #BigLeagueTruth #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
http://www.businessinsider.com/r-ex-miss-finland-says-trump-groped-her-2016-10 … So Gross
if by some huge mistake you do get voted in, you would also be fired!
well your campaign staff are saying you are a LOSE and on November 8th will prove it.
HRC is now under FBI investigation AGAIN! Who would vote for her?!? Talk about stupid!!
So, you've decided to employ only cowards, hypocrites, fanatics and delusionals? Wise choices, tremendous instinct.
Just what I want in a president -- a thin skinned egomaniac who can't tolerate criticism.
so, yes men/women only for you, Donald?
except that all your people leave before you could even fire them. #next
Don't worry, Donald. We are firing YOU first.
@PotluckPolitico @HillaryClinton has no backbone!
Trump just loves to fire people!
Lewandowski assaults-not fired, Ailes-harassed women-he's hired, Christie-bridgegate-he's right hand man, Rudi-Ugly mouth..
You're a freaking joke.  Everyone knows it but you!  #bigot  #fatoldman  #unqualified
I bet you have no clue what's being said about you. Hint - it's really bad.
Stop making this bigger than it is. Wiener's laptop may have ended his political career but it dont change anything! U SUCK
Surround yourself with cowards and Yes Men who would never disagree with you 
my people??????
says the man who pays good money to surround himself with yes men
You pay no taxes and you are an danger for the American peple by to change the Obamacare. You are only good for jobcreation
they will just die in weightlifting accidents, single car accidents, and random mugging a later on.
I'm sure they say much worse.  BTW, are you gaining weight along with losing your mind?  Mr Piggy?
damn fool
Go back to sleep old man, you are going no where near the White House.
