- You are still a tool! #AmericaDeservesBetter
SHE WANTS MORE OF THIS??
Question is...DO YOU?
join us..join the #TrumpTrain END THIS CORRUPTION
I am a child of an immigrant who had to wait 5 years to come here legally.  So should everyone else

its okay unscreened migration have done wounders for Europe over the past year ????/
Just one of the fake news stories
Send Her To Jail My New President Don !!!!
#BREAKING: #Trump follows Obama. Won't use term "radical Islamic terrorism" during speech in Middle East
Please do everything you can to win.  She will destroy our country
@dan_in_atl Wished she'd keep that bloody BIG MOUTH closed, Military could drive a air craft carrier through it.
Steve Jobs was the son of a Syrian immigrant.
But he was an awesome American..
STOP FUCKING SNIFFING.
Have u heard of sinus problems! Trump hasn't ran to the doc as he is focused on the country!
what. That is not true. He's doing this all the time in every debate. He's got a doctor on-call. He's rich. He can get a doc.
R U Kin to Hillary? That's all u have to bitch about!  Bahaha! Sinus or not he's kicking ass!  Go Donald Trump 2016 
Because I'm sick of listening to a jackass sniffing into my television I must be Hillary's family? Get the fuck out of here.
haha! U get the fuck out of here! So funny how stupid can be fuss over a damn sniffle! Focus on the damn problem!The liar Killary
It's unbelievable how arguing with people like you is like arguing with mentally handicapped squirrels.
u must be illegal or a demo!U twisted the words to put the blame on me! Haha! We are not as stupid as u think!  Vote Trump 2016
paranoid about anyone who is not a 70 year old white male...

. India for Nationalism.. And America for Donald only. I support you sir.. Future President of USA.
@myGianLuca because she is a terrorist her self and receives money from the same people that pay ISIS
.@solidacr69 @realDonaldTrump Hillary Clinton is America's #1 National Security Threat to Our Nation.
Say the words "White Supremacists" are Domestic Terrorists.
SHIA SUNNI DIVIDE & WORLD WAR 3   DAVID ICKE & IM…:
Is it true that Clinton foundation is getting funding on the back of this or is it a wiki leak exaggeration?
so true
No to Syrian inmigrants
very risk
please win this election
@Mr_QTad

the bible is called holy as well with so much evil and violence in it
.. I agree , crooked Miley Cyrus for federal prison. For betraying her father..... Trump 2016
Total BS by a Sexual Predator. Groping and Rape.
that's because she wouldn't let them carefully. You hired illegal Mexican workers. You should talk. Liar
if like Europe most won't even have anything to do with the war and are simply after free money!
why Americans r fooled by sickularism topic like india.?In india anti nationalist  follow extremists in the name of secular
she dosnt care, except for chrony capitalism and hiking up her pockets....
we donot need more Muslims to go on our welfare rolls.  Take care of our own people.
Donald can’t control himself, gropes anything in sight. #VoteOrGrope http://www.voteorgrope.org/ 
give it up ... 2 retweets vs 5,000 is a losing side !!! #LOSER
Can you say "Russian Bot" #WorldPoetryDay #snowday #WednesdayWisdom #SamDarnold #MarkAnthony #Conditt #WorldDownSyndromeDay #Powell #LGBTExcellence #DavidPadgett #Perú #trump #potus #potus45 #flotus #gop #trumptrain #TrumpRussia
funny that Killary and her boy Bill was paid a 20,000.000 for memoirs book. On the witness stand can't remember shit!
That's not a laugh! It's more of a cackle.
I'm happy my family just voted for Trump in Charlotte nc already! It's up to you to vote Trump now! Vote Trump now!
let them move in with her
old
- Reason - because is us in bed with them - has taken $$ from them
Thank you for running You must Win
God help us.  Thank you For Fighting to Make A
sir. Just so you know, not everyone fleeing Syria is a "radical Islamic terrorist."
she again lied and denied the facts. Biased media goes silent.
God Bless
Seriously really and truly is she sane?
Have you noticed...  Hillary laughs when she starts to lie.  Donald should bring that point out to the open.
Why they are not called that is u are lumping them all into one category not all are terrorists!
and we'll house them in your buildings #WhosTheTerrorists (the U.S. is)
But will you pay them?
We know! We understand but our corrupt government will not prosecute the one that directly leads to the POTUS!
I agree, too bad the @GOP nominated the only person who could to Hillary.
I believe her AND Obama doesn't care about America. There destroying it. Look how they treat the vets. Your debate was grea
HILLABITCH HAS LIED AND STOLE FROM AMERICANS FOR YEARS! Hillary stoled from the White House
Donald, How's it feel to be the biggest loser now?
So?
"The price of freedom is a eternal vigilance"- Thomas Jefferson
I really hope you win this election!!
https://youtu.be/GLAh3pui-CI 
550% could mean 150 people
word salad
YOU HAVE REFUSED TO DENOUNCE DAVID DUKE...GO FIGURE
Remember in Syria it is OK to beat your wife!
putin puppet stop your lies
Trump will be prosecuted for tax evasion. #ImWithHer #trumpisacrook
what is she thinking....we need to take care of us first....
THROW HER IN PRISON FOR TREASON AND GIVE THE MONEY BACK
she needs them 2 vote
It's terrifying that you don't acknowledge the suffering in Syria and don't care to use your privilege to help others
Whatever happened to BleachBit Hillary's reason for the Syrian refugee exodus being Climate Change? #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Obama vetoed a pay raise for soldiers to pay for his Mulim jihadist friends!
stop your desperation is showing...
Hillary crazy does not care a/b America only cares a/b power control spending hard working American ppls money & refugees
. Hrc ! !
so people who killed on the name of GOD are Christian terrorists?
look at that lying mouth with lipstick on her teeth!
What is your wack job theory on why she will not say Radical Islamic Terrorists?  It's got to be good.  Come on,  share.
She never said the words "Batshit Crazy" and that does not make you less nuts.
would that make TERRORIST magical disappear is that word is mention?
@geertwilderspvv We know what the consequences are decided by Eve. Let it not happen again.
horror
I can't stand her.  Evil woman.
@Reince  @KellyannePolls @seanhannity @CNNPolitics @BBCWorld @FoxNews 
CIA confirmed proper vetting refugees not possible!
It is one of her early steps in how to transform a sovereign nation into a global member with no power.
obama in pantsuits
never trump
dude,  give it a rest.  Let's hear HOW you plan on making America great.  Step by step plans.  And stop touching women.
this is not true.  I dont care whst she calls a terrorist
You're "against misogyny" but retweet the most renowned misogynist on the planet? Wow.
Syrian Refugees now #live next door #to me in #Indiana Vote R
@magnifier661 #PodestaEmails show her camp disappointed that San Bernardino terrorist had a Muslim name...how 2 spin? #Liar
Just another trump lie. #trumplie
Three right wing extremist planned to blow up a Mosque when you lose on Nov 8th. Are the cult of Trump extremist?
Radical White Supremacist
Hillary's increase in Syrian refugees is probably because she feels responsible. Atleast she feels guilty about some things
Tbey own her. None of Sryian refugees R refugees but invaders. 
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=630714127103354&id=100004943165545 …
This isn't even sound reasoning.
@RichardTBurnett @realDonaldTrump maybe cause she is one herself? Eg Chicago
No way to vet   http://dailycaller.com/2015/09/11/flashback-fbi-no-way-to-vet-incoming-syrian-refugees-video/ …
She's a George Soros puppet. Wish you said George Soros when you called her a puppet last night!
@HillaryClinton Is that a candidate requirement or it's just xenophobic rhetoric? ##Trump
evil witch
@os4185 3 debates and you never mention Benghazi or Bosnia.. what a disgrace
just can't imagine anyone under so many investigations gaining access to the WH.
@os4185 

she,.... is so dumb
bigot. Read the law. The Humanitarian Law. You will be up on war crimes #NoTrump #IAmWithHer
stop saying 550%.  The correct amount of from 10k to 65k.  But I'm sure that your uneducated people prefer 550%
Actually I've heard her say it! So what's your point?
Syrian immigrants and rad Islamic terrorists are not the same thing sir.

Are you serious? Please. Stop talking! You make yourself out to be a fool.
is the biggest terrorist threat to America !!
Great job last night Mr Trump stay on message to the finish and kick this liar out of the race for WH and into jail!!

550% bullshit..there goes our social sec program
the post of being nasty has been taken down from fb
you are such a nad sport a bully and a mysoginist
more Syrian immigrants is the worst thing a person could do to the US.  We need the wall and bad.
maybe your wife should go back to where she came from, second thought your mom and dad should of never came to  USA
Wrong
Trump have no plan all he say making American grate again and not saying how he going to make it grate
What about your Kansas radical Christian terrorists. Can you say it? Go ahead. I dare you. Double dare you.  
give killary a jar of 500 m&ms and tell her only one is poisonous
she wants to finish the political you orchestrated invasion of our Nation


Donald jr needs a chin. Surely he can afford it
calling it by a different name does not change the threat.  Get over it.  You're going to lose "bigly"
And with open borders, we will get that many illegal aliens and ISIS  #TrumpTrain
Its worked out so well for Germany, France and Sweden.
rape and terrorism have all gone through the roof
Sad Pepe and you are the last ones on the sinking ship, baby hands. America knows you're a whining loser!
Blade predicts a lot of sales...hillary masks with pointed hats for halloween.
Sleeping with the enemy 
USA's war = your immigrants.
her arrogant smug condescending face seriously makes me ill.
@geertwilderspvv the new merkel she is. A foolish old woman.
Liar. The screening process is very rigorous, which you know perfectly well. You're lying to the American people.
Hillary wants to OPEN BORDERS ...FOR ENERGY???    Total bull shit. tried to weasel out of Question  #debate
@seanhannity @JudgeJeanine Hillary hasnt said WHO is going to SUPPORT the refugees&what jobs for illegals&refugees
@CarmineZozzora She doesn't care about this country. She only cares about her ego & filling her coffers.
-We need to learn how to vet anybody coming into our country! As long as vetting is not secure they stay out!!
perhaps b/c the two notions don't line up?
@HillaryClinton AND I'm sure she wants their #IllegalVote. ..
because you don't know what that means. You know NOTHING about foreign policy. #TrumpClownShow
@lover_beagle nor that WE THE PEOPLE VOTE NO TO HER IMMIGRATION plan for refugees!
- by the way, her smile is like a clown painted it on her.
- she's just trying to bring in voters. Just more she and her friends can look down on. Wants to please liberals.
you lost again you bozo, at least Romney won 1 debate #DonTheCon #DufasDon
someday you need to explain why that word is so important. An enemy by any other name is still our enemy.
Hillary can't even take care of The People!
Well Hillary & her people do via emails, hidden from public view until...#Wikileaks @Noonien_Soong
Smirking Chris Wallace was never going to format this debate so You could soundly defeat #criminalhillary
to be fair, I thought Chris did better than any other moderator has done though out this election cycle. @realDonaldTrump
He was never going to alow Trump to say what needed to be said. We know what needed to be said
made a lot of points. He communicated his policies well. Hillary avoided answering most of the questions.
Yes, but somehow #crookedhillary seemd to discredit WikiLeaks as being Russian. She took that off the table
I agree. @realDonaldTrump's privy to the same classified briefings she gets and could have used that tidbit to hit her.
she is crazy as obozo!
hey Donnie- that's more cheap labor for you! You're not gonna really pay them anyway so what's the difference?
That's a lie, from a lying liar who doesn't pay any federal income tax.
you are a liar!!
You're nuts and getting nuttier. Can you say LOSER??
gas her
well we see what the media picked up on the debate tonight one answer to one question and everything else went to hell
550% but what r actual numbers? 10k?
Deport the Trumps. They're bad for America
Best part of the night when trump said , look how she pivots. Everyone start laughing!!
how is hillary gonna vet refugees and she admits there are 11 million illegal immigrants already here?
This nasty woman , #ImWithHer# Rude and useless Donald Trump.
@N78CR - That can't happen; we've seen terrorism tragedies in other countries and in our as well. It's a Trojan horse. Bad
donald YOU HAVE TO WIN!! I f we have to look at that stupid fake smile of Killary for 4 years, I don't know what I wil ldo
DAT FACE DOH
scary..she prob believes her own lies
