any other Republican would have folded by now but Trump keeps swinging and fighting back


aren't you ashamed?
you are going to lose.
Boss, we & the rest of the cult members are confused. Why are the polls "rigged" only when they are bad for you?
lol  grow up!
Thank you for hanging tough!! Admire you!!

At this point America really really deserves Trump
im convinced
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country deserves better! 
THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED, that's why, billionaires get away without paying their taxes, you know about that.
No proof of anything if you'd bother to read it.
You're desperate and falling apart.
@realDonaldTrump
Election rigged,a given,because 80% MEDIA edit news = skews truth = spins lies = stupid electorate! https://www.facebook.com/SENTRYMAN 
Do you ever shut-up? Frankly I am sick of your bullshit.
LOVE YOU DONALD FIX THIS!!! Total mess
same old crap as usual.
Pay taxes and then I'll listen to you complain
he did pay taxes, when he HAD to. Maybe you need to use his accountant.
He hasn't released his tax returns after he promised to. Audit is BS. Case f'ing closed.
Tax returns mean crap. Worry about #Soros taking over instead.
If they "mean crap" then why not release them? As far as Soros, Kochs are way richer & more influential.
I'm so sick and tired about everything is rigged. Put out some policy. Or don't u have one?
Trump Tv..."Miss Universe Peep Show: The Best Behind The Scenes Action!?
do more videos like this!!!!! #CrookedMedia #MAGA #MAGA3X #TrumpTrain
Actually, the best thing Hillary has going is Donald Trump.
fix it. Remove all top tiers of fbi, cia, nsa, doj, dob, irs. ALL near Obungos clingons to be flushed!
you know he's in hiding on child rape charges?
Dumb Liberals believe Media. Smart people make a mind of their own and vote for Trump. 
Fledgeling USA was a mess post-#RevolutionaryWar & it took that other Scots visionary #AlexanderHamilton to fix it. #YESDJT
wait,  so the white male 'billionaire' getting elected will defect the elite? Uh,  ok....
ok, I'll bite. He is defecting to Russia.  He's defecting from the country you knuckle draggers love.
aren't you a patriot? You are ok with Drumpf telling a foreign state who hates us to hack our email?
Leave us alone with your Russian.crap. It's not relevent
Nah.I'm all good. I like http://facts.Like  that fact that your lover Putin is rigging this election
crybaby loser
This video from the CLINTON CRIME FAMILY/DNC is even worse than the email scandal! WATCH!
Follow me if you support Trump!
keep Hillary I'm sure she will work for u

Why do you ask?
@HillaryClinton is just walkin free. While others been in jail 4 lesser crimes.
on the line. Thanks to McCluskey our first responders will always have to work two jobs.give pensions back!
Go Big or just go BIG!!! Started from the top literally TRUMP https://www.facebook.com/flores.french/posts/1474812489212662 …
Hilary Clitface is a cancer to all of humanity... she needs to stop her ranting and babble and learn that everyone is different...
Our Country does deserve better.  Thank you for putting it all on the line for us #USA #TrumpPence16
better? You mean higher taxes, nuclear war and a mad man who's crazy with power? #nevertrump
Are you aware of the situation in Syria at all? Its Hillary and obama that are starting war with Russia over syria
oh and the man who can't find Syria on the map should be president....? Please...
FBI/crooked hillary/Barry osama/nasty Dems all need to have a special counsel investigate them!!!!!! Release the memo goddamit. Have a blessed day mr president the greatest of all time
Being rich is a horrid thing to the left and neo-Cons - you can't be bought - that's important.

Yeah, we should probably go to war with Russia for literally no reason, like Hillary wants to.  Lunatics.
While brave young men were fighting and dying in Vietnam, you were at home because your FEET HURT 

#UnfitForOffice
thank you Steve. As the daughter of a Vietnam vet, I find him repellant.
Same here. Daughter of a decorated Vietnam vet, and Donald? You can suck it.
..and y'all gonna be the mothers of World War 3 vets if #CrookedHilary gets in.
HAhahahahahaahaha. Uh, no. The candidate far more likely to launch a war is Trump.
Hilariously, Putin was just quoted:  "Vote for TRUMP if you want peace, for Hillary; it's war."

Nice to see the media failing to cover fake crap sometimes.
#TrumpRussia
Wait, I thought he was biased and that's why you fired him?  How the tune changes when he's after you.
Thanks
One year ago.

Gotta admit, he actually got the last part right.
IMO if you want a career with stability,be an unemployment clerk in DC! Heads rolling Go @realDonaldTrump
you was right then about #MSM #fakenews and your upgrade for them is even more true:

#veryfakenews
That's the pot calling the kettle black.
Delete your account.
get your head out of the sand and see the corrupt, conniving, manipulative,2 faced liar @HillaryClinton is
and she's beating you? That makes you the worst candidate in history. Loser.
She is beating him..through corruption and collusion on a global scale...Take 5 min. and research...sheep.
HC's murderous corruption on a global scale > Trumps past with women. Please consider researching..Lol wtf..
Do not cave to irrelevant left media. They do not have the influence they'd like to think they do. They're pissed
The hill-rat Clinton belongs in Gitmo
Then when the hell are you going to prosecute her?!?!?!?!?!
yeah and they're trying everything to undermine you. Way to go Mr. President! Thank God for you.
no truer words have ever been spoken
@andersonDrLJA President Trump your day to do the right thing always
Yes we do and you are doing a great job getting it done!

I'd die than have her be Prime Minister of Australia...
you were quoted in a story by @TIME
Apparently, the President was right again.....
@Eyes_of_justice You are the one who has to clean house no matter if Dem or Rep
@Darren32895836 lock her up.
I am not a chump I voted for trump
You voted for Trump? You belong in a Dump!
oh the hate -- such a Christian you are
Our country certainly does deserve BETTER! It will all begin with your departure from office..The sooner the better for ALL America!
https://www.buzzfeed.com/tasneemnashrulla/trump-supporter-says-hillary-needs-to-be-taken-out?bftwnews&utm_term=.qnDjWAjr6#.vaXVw6VZ0 …

Denounce these threats
because Buzzfeed, a company paid to support Hillary, is a completely and 100% reliable source
Look Mr Zero Followers apart from fact you will obviously have no proof Buzzfeed is paid 1/2
the idiot is on video talking about it at some length 2
Hillary on there. Shes going to destroy the country, youre too blind to see it
Wake up sheeple!
wow, name calling. I can tell that you are an extremely intelligent person !
Actually that's what I thought you were about to say
#madmanTrump

Cry Baby Trump!!
trump wins the election and in 2017 hillary is jailed
Rigging the election VDO here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY …
praying for you for the debate tonight. Everyone knows how crooked Hillary is. Talk policy and leave emotion out. God bless
: do you just have dreams and write this stuff down? Never mind, you need a brain to dream...
I don't think trump himself is our shame, I think his supporters are.
The MSM press will do what it always does: lie, twist and spin but I simply won't believe them. I haven't for a long time.
such a shame what corruption has been injected into this country. Crooked Hillary's label is getting bigger by the day!
Stupid Trump You are the very crooked one. You grap womens P....ys, You still from your workers by not paying them?? common
@tedmillermusic nope
the United nations election watchdog is needed
I'll take her corruption over yours.

not votng for you
Don't fall into the traps tonight.  I am praying for you!!! Expose the real Hillary tonight!
our country deserves better than the conman incompetent child the GOP has nominated to run for president.  Shameful. SAD!
WHY DID SHE HAVE A FILM MAKER PUT IN JAIL WHEN SHE KNEW IT WASN'T THE FILM but a terrorist attack you should ask her that .
Internet is fall of Video evidence of Rigging by Hillary's Camp. Just think how much more is going on behind the scenes!
http://www.liveleaks.com/view?i=23c_1476771233 …
Mind conditioning on the #riggedelection in preparation of his loss.
Hats off to you. Electoral process is not as straightforward as taught in schools! Love ur unorthodox ways
except she didnt. #RiggedSystem
Again why put Your 3rd wife on TV we will only remember her by copying Michelle Obama's speech .Thats embarrassing
Traitor Trump fbelieves his own lies. He has put our country at risk with Russian hacks & is not what our country deserves.
Have you watched & R/T''d this? PLEASE DO RETWEET!
#BirdDog
#CrookedHillary

https://youtu.be/5IuJGHuIkzY 
FUCK Trump Lie Lie Lie Lie Lie Lie Lie Lie Lie Lie Lie
"very high crimes." You have the vocabulary of a 2nd grader
private enterprise take over Obama care.  I am a 35 yr licensed ret ins.agent/&know how this works!512-466-3229
Let 
private enterprise take over Obama care.  I am a 35 yr licensed ret ins.agent/&know how this works!512-466-3229
can you without a doubt say you aren't running to help her get elected?
stop whining and go get votes
Pulling for you in Bensonhurst Brooklyn!!
#truth
Stop whining you baby!
Stop whining like a little bitch.if you can't wear your big boy pants at the adult table maybe you need to leave the race
still spreading false rumours and inuendo to support a warped view. Your a fear monger. The NAZI party could take a lesson
bye man
you're way too old to be carrying on like this for a doomed campaign & the kind of notoriety you're cultivating. Very sad.
I'm beggin u 2 do wht ur wife said.Stay cool stick 2 the issues point out what HC did 4get what Obama said Focus Focus
, I think you need to watch the film Inherit the Wind and think about what the real meaning of it is!
why does the FBI have a blind eye to Clinton's latest cover-ups?  Lies, deceit, corruption against ALL Americans.
please let Hillary and her crap go focus on what you're going to do for us this is the only chance you got to win
take my coaching. Don't yell at her. Laugh her out. Show she is stole her money. Ask her how she got rich? Ask her
the Clinton foundation re filed their taxes .. For six years wonder why?!!
criminals of historic proportions
I hear that you plan on moving the Statue of Liberty and erecting one of yourself.
100% in agreement with you. Can't wait for you to be sworn in; shake the tree and see what shut falls out. Clean house.
them their lives, their money their insurance etc ISIS Obama is jealous because you want to do more then he ever thought of
Stop it.  Just stop.
You have single handedly made this election and the Republican Party the laughing stock of the world.
Both you and I know Hilary will win  right? http://www.iamatexan.com/2016/10/24/alert-texas-voting-machines-changing-trump-votes-to-clinton/ …
Please undo spouse's getting our first responders pensions! They don't make enough as it is for putting their lives
you're smarter than this.  U trying to get her votes??
your a crook and a liar,the American politics deserve better
He still can't name 5 of the 20 countries in the G20. Our country needs a world leader not a dictator with crazy rants
Agreed
Guess you've realized you're about to lose HUGE! Excuses are likes assholes everyone has one.
will you invite Danny Williams Clinton to the debate in Las Vegas in sure bill will love to meet his son
Your supporters need to demand their Reps and senators are held accountable today!
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/members/current …
Debate 
Don't bring up neg on this.
Bring up Hillary's negative 
Last topic. Why u wud b best for president.
B specific
the work of dominating the unconscious
and crooked Donald paid bribes from his foundation. Checkmate!!
stop whining, be a man and admit that you are not fit for this job.
trump we are not fooled by the msm we no the poles are not showing the real numbers.we are with you go trump!!!!!
The #Wailer. Go and campaign and stop complaining.
From the redwood forest, to the gulf stream waters
This land was made for you and me
What? Can't here you through all that whining... #LOSER
Maaaaaate! Your accounts been hacked! Someones uploaded the latest SNL skit!
'unbelievable'. Yes. Mad as a box of frogs #wazzock
- Donald does not know how to win...what a looser.
https://youtu.be/LkBcV5NzH98 
I pray for you and my country every night
In other words My voter number here in Virginia, did not vote for Obama fluid.
Yes... Thank you so much for your work..
Drain the swamp
we are trannies for trump
They all want to keep their comfortable corrupt seats. They represent all facets of panDEM, from government to propaganda.
THE MEDIA JUMPED IN NOW BECAUSE THEY ALREADY KNEW HILLARY WAS LIAR AND CHEAT BUT THE DUMOCRATS DIDN'T KNO ABOUT THE VIDEOS
(wife rapist) @mike_pence @kayleighmcenany @PaulBegala @TruthsSerum @RonStarts @KatrinaPierson @scottienhughes
baby bouhou
And you are ugly!
- you need international election observers
Good job Trump keep HC dirty laundry out in the open so that those who are blinded can see Hillary for what she really is !
"“I’m the one that threw that out there,” Mr. McCauley said of the offer." lol REKT. Try again Cuck
You sound like an 8yo brat by calling her Crooked Hillary. I'll be damned if my president is immature! #ThisElectionSucks
Fantastic job last night, proud to have represent us, We The People!
u r so right. I think u should talk about the issues facing r Great nation 2 hell with cliton shes pure evil
you are so right and I wish I could vote on the 8th, but I have to wait three more days until I can legally vote. #Trump
@EggFooooYoung America has become a fools country.
Mr trump you need to speak of wiki leaks she did so many things. When she pisses u off pivot and policies

Obama talks like he on a court. Everything is game to him.  he is loosing the game all over the world He gets zero respect
Tea Party Pervert Trump still at it, this time the FBI & CIA are looking right at U & Bright Bart AJ can't stop it ur done
The media reporting on what you've actually said and done in not rigging, it is reporting. #Idiot #LIAR #Hypocrite #FOOL
@bigboater88 we sure do
once you become presidency them all up
