#weloveyouTrump #HillarysCrime syndicate must be stopped #VoteTrumpPence16 #MAGA
I thought it was to get Hillary elected?
grab them by the pussy
Homegrown Demagogue
Jai ho
Hillary has been rigging the polls!!
Yeah, well Breitbart and the polls Trump relies on ONLY poll Republicans. No different. Even LESS Accurate.
Its Time America DARE NOT TEMPT THEM WITH WEAKNESS for they are the Dark Powers of Destruction AMERICA Look what HRC did???
Don"t time on that!We need better jobs!American people are focused on jobs!No money = bad life!
Easy question to ask is are you happy with obamacare and part time low paying jobs?
Trump stop defending yourself.  You are going to lose this election because of your damn ego- get over it and stop.
=Putins puppet
We're gonna have the best attacks. We're gonna attack so hard your head will spin. Huge attacks. Tremendous death.
Trump is rooting for ISIS to win and supports Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad and his attempted genocide ...
Way to support our courageous military. #jackass
Your the Man. Mr TRUMP.
Your limited vocabulary is a disaster.  Lose this word...because it has lost its impact...
Donald Do you just talk with out a clue what your saying. I'm not alone when I say, you have a bit of brain damage!
@TeamTrump you kidding Donald 
Clinton's nervous system is so devoid of grey matter,... she couldn't win an argument with one of her own stupid supporters
false they are kicking ass but you lie and tear down America you SUCK

The total disaster is Donald Trump.
No sympathy to the family of soldier who was killed? He's honorable, you're not. Tooting your narcisisstic horn AGAIN!
Follow me if you support Trump!
You're always requesting both #CorruptHillary & Trump supporters to follow you. What's your deal?
@MyronDerrick @realDonaldTrump yet @HillaryClinton thought nation was dumb when she lied about landing into a war zone in Bosnia 
This matters more at this point.
A coalition of 100,000 troops, liberating surrounding communities village by village and making quicker-than-expected gains
lies....lies...lies and more lies....
Listen Captain Bone Spurs, you leave tactics and strategy to the pros, and we'll leave 2nd Deg Sexual Battery to you, OK?
I bet you couldn't find Mosul on a map
@YNB check out this lying video that has you in it! They're using actors as though they're for drumpf!
Only an idiot would think I support a demagogue like @realDonaldTrump.
It really got me pissed off! They went really low!
They told them the plan... Idiots.... Go Trump!
please share your wealth if military brilliance with us. I'm sure it's stunning.
Wow! Can you believe I'm degrading the morale of our military for personal political gains? BAD! @realDonaldTrump
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
why are you so horrible that you are impersonating our next President! Have you no shame?
"Proud Christian" @mjhughesonline supporters a sexual predator who brags about trying to fuck married women. Have you no shame?! BAD!
anybody who would support that sexual predator has no business lecturing others about shame!
.@realdonaldtrump << You're not as smart as Sarah Palin. America is laughing at you
America has many people and 2 continents. Speak for yourself.
What are the two continents that comprise the United States in TrumpLand? @realdonaldtrump
North and South Dakota.  Only thing I could come up with to explain a Trumpster.
.@bruce466177 Truly puzzled what "two continents" the USA has >> @magdalena_feru @realdonaldtrump
I know I know.  Above Canada and below Canada!
.@realDonaldTrump Do you even read papers or pay attention in your intel briefings? Coalition forces making rapid progress. You're unfit.
Way to support our troops and allies, a**hole. 

It's such a blessing to know you'll never EVER be Commander-in-Chief.
Sadly it's not the troups fault is the idiot called Obama , fret not Trump will sort it out
*troupe. His campaign is a troupe far less skilled than your average children's bday clown act.
Seems he did OK ha ha
Not sure what planet you are on. 100,000 troops have been closing in on Mosul since Monday.
Bit late don't you think ? Russia have been at it for ages
And they've failed. Your point? @realDonaldTrump
No I think you will find there doing better that Isis supporting Obama if were honest
Ohhhh you're a Brit! Thanks for your concern. @realDonaldTrump
Concern ? Only concern I have is Hillary being voted in by stupid Yanks
I guess he's still hurting over our brexit from them! @realDonaldTrump go treat ur bone spurs-they're in ur brain.
only you can SAVE  & the WORLD  MAGA pls win we're with you
Trump is nothing but a rich draft dodger.
were u ever in military?
draft dodger. 4 deferments.
my father was drafted at 19 to Vietnam, lost many friends. Has zero respect for Trump.
my dad was in Vietnam and my brother in th he airforce both voting 4 Trump
does it bother them at all he dodged the draft due to golf related injuries?
Trump is pandering to the vets. He never gave a contribution until this year
You know nothing about military strategy and tactics.
and please tell me how much Obama knew about military strategy & tactics b4 becoming POTUS.. I'll wait.
the difference is that Pres.Obama shows at least some regard for the opinions of others.
wrong again.
No, you're the puppet! 
ok...first time being called that in my life...but ok. haha 
Respect for your Marine Corps service. I'm an Army veteran.
thank you! I respect your service too!
Mosul would be the least of America's problems if Trump wins.
Good Knight Tom.  Your a goose.
justin plays video games. Real rules of war?  Not so much.
Did they think they were going just let ISIS keep that city? Well with this tribe of clown you never know?
duh! We had to train, prepare, coordinate Iraqi troops. Now they're rolling up JV ISIS, just like BHO said. Trump sucks.
Anger Billy.....breath into a bag, think happy thoughts...like when you get to wear your first Burqa in a mens-room.
Good team player. Way to support the effort. POS
Way to support the troops in the line of fire.
You seem to think we can't google.
as opposed to a "partial" disaster?
spoken like a moron who knows nothing about military tactics. Read a book, fool.
You don't know a damn thing about just about anything, let alone foreign policy and waging war.
.@realDonaldTrump you are providing comfort to the enemy
If you "support" our Military, then why are you DISRESPECTING OUR TROOPS ON THE BATTLEFIELD?!?! @thedemocrats @GOP
ISIS is going down like your campaign. Both based on fear and lies. Also, both force themselves on women. #JohnsonWeld2016
The U.S. isn't even attacking Mosul you nitwit.  Way to spread misinformation and fear to your voting block...
voting blue all the way without a doubt !!!
a total disaster would be your campaign! U want vote NOV28 I vote guilty  http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/10/trump-gets-election-day-wrong … /
Perhaps take a deep breath and let our soldiers fight before you calll it a fail.
It's so the terrorists flee city less innocent citizens get killed in the crossfire. Soon they will have no where to run.
HC has double-digit lead!
Oh piss off you're getting boring now.
vs #CrookedHillary
I imagine the Trump solution to ISIS is to grab it by the pussy?
you hate America clearly...
You didn't say that! Donald, r u an expert on Mosul?When will u learn that it's better 2 shut up than speak on some issues?
Don...you are indeed the disaster
are all your debate answers 140 characters too?
you are so wrong!!!
If you only knew what the hell you are talking about. #NeverTrump #Mosul
all you do is criticize a military you were able to avoid being part of by dodging the draft 4 times
will be no wall, no mass deportation, no self financing, none of trumps overseas jobs coming back, and no minimum wage +
You are very unamerican!
it's going quicker than planned, and the notice was deliberate and tactical. Also humanitarian, not that you understand.
I've never seen a more IGNORANT, SYCOPHANTIC, MISOGYNIST! U should be ashamed.
way to support our military!  Go play with your toys and stay out of our policies.
More bullshit from the biggest bullshitter in the world. Actually, substantive gains are being made. Idiot.
@StephenAtHome Any way to compare education level of Hillary supporters with Donald's rednecks??
really great leader just smashing down the Iraqi fighters fighting thru hell to get rid of Isis in Mosul and you sh-- on it
stupido hombre Trump

The United Nations called. They’ve been planning for a post-Mosul refugee crisis for months.
wrong AGAIN Donald!
lol. All talk but no plans to back it up. Typical duckin Donnie.
How are the foot spurs you DRAFT DODGER!  Poor Donnie said his feet hurt. Many soldiers came home minus their feet!
Just #jumptrump
mosul is doing just fine. careful doing a strategy, something you know nothing about
Hey did you ever remember which foot you had the bone spurs in, you know the ones you used to duck going to nam? #fraud
makeamericadead
- U don't understand the military. Here is Russia getting ready 4 War. Can't hide tanks from eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEaTwO9ciDk …
cheap ass photo shopped a trump cap

.@realDonaldTrump How dare you!? A 5-time draft dodger! How dare you belittle the death of US soldier & our troops overseas! #ShameOnTrump
that's why you can't be Commander in Chief. You think it will happen overnight. So silly
You know nothing. You deserve to lose and you will.
From the draft-dodger that knows nothing about military strategy and belittles our troops for political gain. Loser.
How sure are we that with all  hectic moments and  eventually you emerge the winner that we won't be disappointed .
apparently would prefer that Mosul remain under ISIS control
You know nothing about military action.
YOU'RE A LOSER!!!!, OOP'S FORGOT LIAR TOO!
Your not too bright are you kid? The Mosul operation is succeeding and ISIS is being routed since late last yr.
you will never win a conflict by telling you're enemy your every move. Totally stupid element of surprise is what is needed
you would rather better off being silent on topics when not knowing enough in detail. This tweet is no way helpful to MAGA
Oh, now I know why we need the word "numbskull", it's for you!
This is false information, Mr. Trump. You have no idea what is happening in Mosul. Stop showing your ignorance.
@VickyBrush  Trump get out all the army women, African Americans, Latino whites, young Uni students to campaign across
voted early and voted for you
@brudgethemidget need to stop Turkey attacking kurds who are fighting isis...who's side they on?
Not dumber then you!
#Breitbelch #Puckered AnusMouth #SphincterFace #NeverTrump
You are a disgrace to this country.
YOU WAS RIGHT AGAIN & THE MEDIA WON'T GIVE YOU CREDIT ON YOU INSIGHT MEDIA IS CROOKED HILLARY INCITING VIOLENCE NO COVERAGE
put video screen behind you so everyone can see the thousands of us supporting you. Cnn,abc,cbs  go trump go!!!!
More lies from the Führer. Mosul is going well — 772 of the 5000 ISIS fighters dead, hundreds flee
Yet again, your tiny hands tweeted something wrong.
You know nothing! Generals were hoping ISIS would leave. Easier to kill them out in the open instead of among civilians.
Interesting that you have become a cheerleader for ene?mies of this country and its allies.Are you trying to encourage ISIS
so why don't u go to Mosul &join them- show em how it's done! I'm sure they'll welcome ur military expertise
You're the last person I'd trust pet sitting, let alone as commander in chief.  Rapists should be in jail where you belong.
screw the damn wall Im sorry but im sick of looking at people I used to respect act like theyve been doing shrooms still w
you are an embarrassment to our Country
have you been under a rock for the last week or two Hillary is out campaigning just like you are but she should take a nap.

#Peshmerga forces foil #ISIS attack in Shingal, dismantling seven explosives-laden vehicles and killing at least 15 militants @RudawEnglish
I think not! Have respect! http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/31/politics/trump-pentagon-mosul-differ/index.html …
This is Trump's definition of leadership. Criticize and lie.
way to support the troops. That's why I voted @Evan_McMullin. Won't vote for a criminal or Donald "the molester" Trump
why would you disgrace our military.
@Morristhecat79 vot Trump, and look STUPID !
Grab that Pussy Again 2016!
Thanks for the military advice. We know you're a vet...of military high school and avoider (allegedly) of STDs. #nevertrump
You're a disaster!
.@realDonaldTrump Gee, Donnie. I guess we Japanese should have kicked US butt in Okinawa, then, right?

You're a fool. A complete fool.
@DianneSteiner Trump, YOU are the clown that's managed 2 make U.S "look dumb"...thank GOD it's almost ovr! Go in hiding-plz
Dictionary:  Dumb. - Donald  Trump
you are losing so bad  LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
"disaster" Attack just started and is doing well! You are a fool and a liar!!!!
Hillary wants to allow terrorists come on in. Starbucks other coffee shops won't be safe anymore. Airports won't be safe.
So sick of this inept administration. Can't wait until you are POTUS! #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp #VoteTrumpPence16

Donald Trump Is Wrong on Mosul Attack, Military Experts Say http://nyti.ms/2eqBR2J 
you words are very dumb.

another lie from YOU!
How would you have kept secret operation that includes Kurds, Iraq Army, US Special Forces,Turks, Sunni & Shia militias?
The sexual attack you made on a 13 yr old girl is worse. Tied up, raped and slapped..because you could Read the court dox
So you would sneak in on them, with an army ????
wat?
@trump4christ You have no idea where Mosul is, do you?..
Obama gave birth and sustains ISIS. @realDonaldTrump
keep drinking the Kool-aid
A disaster? Like your campaign?
You're basically Ellis from Die Hard. Woefully out of your depth but too arrogant to realise the people you're up against.
you are the only disaster! Can't wait until 11/8 until we never hear from you again!
When will people realize this man is a totally dangerous person who doesn't know a thing about foreign policy.
Don
Don't  think they are there to defeat ISIS, "someone"  seems to want protect  those murderers. ...
why don't U focus on things u understand like the best self tanners on the market  & how to perfect the comb over. #idiot
A man convinced against his will, is of the same opinion still.......
is there anything that's not a total disaster in your mind?
WRONG!! YOU ARE THE TOTAL DISASTER. You never served, you don't have the right to comment here. YOU ARE THE WRONG CHOICE
Put his foot in his mouth by jumping to false conclusions. The operation is a success - it's sad Trump wants USA to fail.
This is General Flynn and Kellogg talking. Two idiots giving advice to an even bigger idiot.
you don't have a clue how any of this actually works Drunk Uncle Donald, King Baby Loser!
I can only hope, that your followers read the responses to this irresponsible tweet. Trump supporters, it's ok 2 walk away.
I know what you meant to say was thanks to our troops and Godspeed
.@realDonaldTrump Once again, you show you ignorance of all things. It's only been a week--this will take months; something you should know
Ivanka is a 4 AT BEST
and ur tweets go out all over the world telling others what an idiot you are and have no clue how to KEEP AMERICA SAFE!!
Translation: "Our troops suck. They wre total losers. Fuck our troops! Our troops love me! They all vote for me!" @realDonaldTrump
"It's a disaster... a disaster. Disaster.. disaster... disaster... disaster"... PLEASE LEARN A NEW WORD FOR CHRISTS SAKE!!!
