Educate the college kids - they are a large part of her support. Educate the immigrants and black folks on DNC past
when your not trying to start a civil war....
SO  TRUE  !!!!!!!
Unfortunately America cannot be led by Groping Scummy Trump...or we will end up abused...all of us...can not listen to Tr..
Ads about her emails, the Wkileak revelations, videos of her flip flops, pictures of Stevens being drug through Benghazi
BULLSHIT! Russia invades countries bc we ceded the moral high ground n Iraq. now theyre invading countries! might=/=right
you're idiotic notion of "peace through strength" is just going to reignite another fucking arms race throughout the world!
Donald, WHERE ARE YOUR ADS???!!!  I see 4x the ads from her than I see from you. ITS TIME TO RELEASE THE TV ADS!!
you ok? Seem to have some deep seeded issues. b4 u hurt yourself or someone else. get 2 a Dr fast. Good luck
@Pharel_Haag 14 days to go. Focus focus focus focus policy people humble no bragging no women. No law suits. America great!
I Agree with Everything you have listed Joshua.
Yup. Hillary-2016!
no matter what we do, good or bad, we are world leaders & depending on character of POTUS other nations will follow suit.
You’re totally rite! We don’t want war we want peace and everyone to be happy, quit watching the mainstream news media! They want disruption and chaos! What would the world be like if everything on the news was positive, think about it!
@Pharel_Haag agreed
show the "8 steps to socialism" and illustrate how obama has done it and hillary will cont. GET ON THE BALL!  #LANDSLIDE
The world needs a just superpower.
don't defend that crap they are slinging.  Don't say more than it's not true.  Every one knows it's bullshit already
thanks!
With all of the noise and chaos coming from this WH admin, we're definitely NOT prosperous or the strongest.  @POTUS has weakened America.
#ImpeachTrump
@laniecarter_
.. Amen
@kay_spire Hillary's arrogant incompetence and her team of ass kissers (ugh) will fumble USA into war which she will lose.
so,  according to you,  the world revolves around the U. S ? OMG LORD HELP US
More peaceful was before you decided to be a candidate. You are prosperous because you cheat the system. That's not honest.
Mande más información
He looks like an Oompa Loompa with mini hands in this picture!
yeah, but you gonna destroy America. Because you are an evil minded....
Why start crap with China? War is nothing to mess with because when everyone has nukes NOBODY WINS!
do not vote for him he destroy the republican. Party
So why do U need Putin's help w/this election???
󾓦 Peace & prosperity stem from individual liberty. #Collectivism cannot deliver us from oppression only Individualism can!
To you strongest means imperialism & or law & order. That's not defense of natural rights which is all we need, #Trump.
not POTUS related, but dude, talk to your lighting staff. Your hair looks neon purple
You will not win this election. Sorry, pal. Go back to real estate, where your scams won't harm the whole nation.
true
How would you know?
Man has got some tiny hands!!
not if you were president...that would never happen.
AMERICA NEEDS YOU, MR. PRESIDENT, NOW!!! GOD BLESS, AND KNOW YOU HAVE MISSISSIPPIANS WITH YOU 100% (AND A LOT OF CA.)
That's why we need to make sure you don't destroy
: why not be peace with the GOP until you final winning? You do need their vote, I hate to say that.
NO IT IS FUCKING NOT AMERICA IS ANYTHING BUT
More Hitler quotes
like now
cite at least 5 examples during your next rally, i bet you can't.
N")
Keep stressing help for our Military and strengthening our Nation.
Pink Hair.
A federal lawsuit filed in New York accuses Republican candidate Donald Trump of repeatedly raping a 13-year-old
I agree - so RESIGN.
unfortunately your rhetoric is weakening América internationally.
it's gonna stay that way too after we get rid of you, Donald Trump is a strong supporter of ISIS, we're gonna deport you!!!
Donald the Purple-Haired speaks! It must be true.
we will be stronger as a nation when you go back into your tower and shut up you are a fool
we will be stronger when you go back into the
lmao this doesn't even make sense? The rest of the World will still have their problems regardless of our status
China & Russia wants a Stronger America; Not an America that beggars thy neighbours  to prosecute war!

@LanceSilver1 Inarguable truth!!
Donald the price of healthcare is going up too much
who quotes themselves? oh yeah dictators... #DictatorDonald #TyrannicalTrump
it worked well for all the empires back in the day right? Yeah let's do it again.
If, God forbid, Hilary wins this election, the only safe place for average Americans will be literally underground!
What the GOP fails to realize is by not sticking together the party appears unreliable no matter even the future candidates
I wish more Americans would realize this and act on it!
drop out then.
true please fuck china
That is EXACTLY the sentiment that put Reagan in office. We NEED you.
I wonder what Mr. Putin thinks of that statement
xD u americans cant talk about peaceful, u got crime inside and war outside
Challenge for all
Boycott Delete CNN on tv
#fakepolls
#nastypeople
Hahaha haha! Hahahahaha! That's called #americentrinism and it's so far from reality. #delusional
And I will do everything in my power to undermine America's stature in the world and frighten our allies.

wow narcissistic much? The US isn't the be all and end all of the universe 
you have destroyed Hillary Clinton in the debate. Well done.
not prosperous under Trump. Only person in the world to have a casino Go bankrupt
@rtoberl very true
America hasn't known true peace since a Clinton sat in the oval office... care to tey again?
.@realDonaldTrump US is most peaceful and prosperous when dems are in the WH,you pay you taxes and go away @HillaryClinton #imwithher
STOP DENOUNCING OUR COUNTRY!!!!
@ChastityTamu Amen
who wrote that for you?
We're with you Mr Trump #MAGA
@IreneVista1970 @realDonaldTrump @tommyshida Amen Sister!!!!
We got his back all of us #Deplorables #MAGA #Trump2016
You suck
HELL NOT WITH YOU
let's gooooo TRUMP PENCE 2016🖒🖒
REMEMBER: TRAITOR TRUMP WANTS TO WORK WITH SYRIA, IRAN AND RUSSIA.  HE  WILL START WWIII IF GIVEN THE CHANCE
Only because our beliefs and confessions of Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior.
You CAN'T make us strong!  #dumptrump
lol is it? where are the facts behind this, bub?
One more reason to vote for Hillary.
- You ONLY mean that in the sense that 'YOU are America' and when YOU are "strongest" (cheating people out of money).
@Trump_World-not the fake market we saw when bush was president! Voters are retiring and they have no retirement funds!

Might I also add "honorable?"  We haven't made an honorable deal in decades.
Hillary is more prosperous when Americans r weaker
keep up the good work. The media is in the bag for crooked Hillary
you did an excellent job last night.  Please keep your head. high.  America needs you!
Correct, so step down and let HRC handle it.
Stop making quotes, you risk by end of 8 years, there will be enough to fill a book! 
my name is Aasaim and Memebersip ID at I.R.C:13498  
 I have to ask why i banned from entering @USEmbassyCairo overall @realDonaldTrump
YES,AND YOUR GOING TO GET US BACK TO THAT POINT!!!!!!
LEGAL IMMIGRANTS DO NOT WANT America to degenerate N 2 the 3rd world they escaped #TeamTrump @seanhannity @FaithVotersPAC
From orange to purple, you finally pivoted,lol
@LindaSuhler ROGER THAT! AMERICA YOU KNOW FOR A FACT WITHOUT A DOUBT WE NEED A LEADER!   WE NEED A LEADER!
i pray you over come the Clinton lead and win Sir,change is hard for people,blinded by professional politicians who lie.
with anyone but Trump!
true
it's already strong and prosperous. Without a jackass leading it.
Very simple, very true, for example Argentina would not have invaded the Falklands if they thought they could not win.
and your support for this claim? Can't just say stuff and 'bam' it's true.
The demeanor of Clinton last night was that of someone tending a bratty child.
strong unions mean strong middle class
so you're quoting yourself; classic, where are the stats? You seem to think you can just make truths up #NotFitForAnything
We need someone who keeps our Constitution alive, not the personal agendas of power hungry politicians.
Reagan doctrine - PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH - IT'S THE ONLY WAY!
#MAGA
Strong America is a safer America
What a big lie
Look at that tiny little finger!
and when America has a levelheaded non narcisstic president with a good heart.   Sorry you dont feel that bill.
Sounds nice.  Did you just pull that one out your butt?
this is not peaceful. Trump's America is divided:
nytimes? Seriously?
NY Times are not the supporters in that video saying those words. Trump supporters are.
Peerless Master Negotiator for Peace through Strength

Clinton supported Russia by selling out 20% of American uranium!  And they got rewarded big $$$ for Mr. BILL's  speech!
You can't even make your businesses succeed.
yeah rite u made peace in middle east...!! Without America every1 wud have been happy..!!
as running officle u need awaser if any goverment had come to you to run to provent any one else from winning election
6new Women come out that Trump Taped them
And you're not part of that equation.
but u not in this election to win are u u make shure she gets in at any cost i have wounder if obama talk to u to do this
one should quistion who u are as person u a person of god or self your person of self makes u very dangous
your money is old money is not but gotten in 1940s 50s your family was mobsters and was alow keep stolen money
when any busness control actions of people out side work this slavey and like or not u help put us here but we alow u to do
as long as blacks see things as its allways about race we can never be one, dont know world u live but when a busness
made more 5 years ago but was put out this year. oddly no laws make this ileagle but should be as they foce change contacks
u back date laws harder prove this even microsoft is doing this back dateing all updates to make look like these updates
all these gun laws is being backdated why back date them one has prove what law was and time in order be grandfarher in
what should make sence dose not what makes no sence is what goverment stands for do u relize atf has hole new set gun laws
once heath care was afoudable untill goverment got into it they foce health care to be devided insteed one doctor now u 10
u do know 5 people with same money as u can put usa on buld new way but u wont, where homeless helth care probems go away
people dont see hole truth white race dont care wont help no one not even u all money u have how many people u help none?
america is not the strogenest people devied by race more so then ever do to work of obama and takeing over news
Exactly!!!!
We need a strong leader like Trump to take on the corruption in Washington! Our pit bull in the White House! Trump for me!
The world is peaceful when we live with high standards. Of course your video shows us your standards.
I feel like my back was stabbed by a snail when I see your face and I

The world will be most peaceful when Donald Trump LOSES the election.
Look at those cute, tiny hands!
your going to cut taxes to accomplish that!  I Guess bullets and bombs are free!
nice.. how are we going to stop the additive spending in Washington? And now additive leveraging?
HAte-fille dpig.  The world will never be safe as long as you are alive. You breed hate through your Slytherin children.
so true!!!
Your accomplishments- 4 bankruptcies, dodging tax for 20 years, dodging the draft, molesting women for 54 years! You creep!
Get a hair cut!How long does your hair take to do each day? It changes like a rainbow- white,yellow, gray,backcombed froth!
you don't have peace in your . You don't believe in peace.
ABC - Flashback: Donald Trump Called Bill Clinton's Accusers 'Terrible' and 'Unattractive' and Former President 'Terrific
Not true- USA can nomore dominate the world- only cooperation with Russian Federation will do it.
nice picture
GREAT JOB AT THE DEBATE. TRUMP PRESIDENT 45
I think you did quite the job last night.  Keep it going!
and what exactly have YOU done in your privileged life to achieve this? Oh, that's right...absolutely fkn NOTHING
EXACTLY WHY YOU ARE AN AWFUL CANDIDATE.
