you sound like you did a line of coke before the debate!
He's never done drugs. Doesn't drink. Doesn't smoke. That's been common knowledge for a very long time.
#SniffGate it's also common knowledge that he lies
Hillary lies every time she opens her mouth, about very serious matters.
America IS GREAT! Greed drives cheap price which drives more greed. Americans need to buy MADE IN AMERICA n FAIR TRADE.
jpb creation how bout you start by bringing back all the Trump jobs u Icanka send overseas/insource? #trumpfacts
WE ARE. WHERE ARE THE TAX RETURNS????
why do u have ur clothing companies in other countries. You keep contradicting yourself over and over and over again
Unite with us America, we are better than than @HillaryClinton's CORRUPTION.  We can do this, we can #MAGA 
sure Trumpette
Congratulations Mr. Trump. You did an amazing job at the debate.
Only if you explain your plans and forget Hillary,You are losing and if she wins America is lost.Please,you can do it +WIN
“@realDonaldTrump: Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the...Sounds like someone else is writing his tweets again
that awkward moment when you haven't even stated what your plan is
*in southern accent* "I like Trump cause he speaks his mind" *doesn't fucking explain plan fully once*
Please start by saying you are very sorry..then you can pivot to attack HRC on the wikileak email.Don't let. Her get to you
jobs will be created in the wake of this monster hurricane. Mira Lago was not built to Florida code,#deathtrap
you should measure the storm surge on cape Canaveral for not paying taxes.#Matthew
yeah without you as the leader. You will ruin us beyond repair. You have no idea what you're doing at all!
why don't people talk about Hillarys temper she throws things cusses and hates blacks and poor people.. S
Put up of shut up Donald. Stop having your brand stuff made in other countries. Stop building & creating jobs outside USA!
But you send jobs to China—hats & other countries. You import workers saying you can't fine Americans to work your resorts
@Donald,,stay on message. Dang, put a rubber band on your wrist. Snap it. To remind yourself.
Bill
Actually, unbiased experts, Trump economists are paid hacks, real experts know Trump is a job killer.
I hope you tell him that he was at a democratic fundraiser and we have photo.#DebateNight
I don't just have a photo but you came to an event for NJDEMS! Bob Torricelli, POTUS42 keynote speaker!#debatenight
I have a job, but I haven't had a raise in 3 years.I know you will change that.
@Razorback911 when you bring back all the jobs YOU sent to China???  You're a hypocrite.
Killary's a liar&a HYPOCRITE! Bengazzi?
#TRUMP/PENCE2016
Lol lol lol, who's laughing now, sure not Killary!! Trump, your new President!
ok and we should believe anything you say based on what track record -oh right - you will say and do anything to gain power
America is already the greatest innovation hub.  Are you going to take credit for this?
In order to do that you nitwit America needs to trade with the world at large (TPP)
LIAR
, I'll believe it when you put your money where your mouth is.
Stay out of the mud! Did you see the secret teleprompter in her debate podium? You are up against an evil force! Focus!
How Bout a living wage n lifetime health n welfare for all put a cap on the cost of living,, health n welfare costs


cause you suck
you are better than what you are doing ... Show them and the country
I'm on the verge of not voting for you and go to Gary Johnston because after this week he looks to be the better candidate
Trump if you don't stick to policy and quit letting.  Hillary bait you ..... I don't care what they throw at you stick
you are making CHINA GREAT WHEN YOU MAKE YOUR TIES IN CHINA WHY
Biafra are very proud of you and we are always behind you
the debate was a complete set up! Lester Holt was in the tank 4 Clinton! All softball Q's 2 her!
Take Clinton down! U must go offensive to prevent her to go on the offensive! U never said the word CORRUPTION, not once!
hmmmn u have a long way to go.
really?
America is a continent...which includes Mexico...are you going to bring jobs to Mexico too???
we all want Donald to win. Please ask him to stay focused. Let others go after the others
How? What are your plans? More tax cut for the rich and trickle down economics? It didn't work for Reagan or W.
are you bringing your crap manufacturing back as well?

and you would know.....RIGHT... hmm
How are you going to do this???
you were a choke at the debate. You are a looser, Con Man.
So your bringing your company's back, I don't Believe You
https://www.facebook.com/tom.naemi/posts/1148305795259240 …
magically?
we all love you here in Florida! Stay cool!
That's hilarious, start improving America by bringing your company here. I hope people see you for who you truly are!
i want to see you elected. i know you will do a good job. appeal directly to the people with sincerity ask 4 our votes
it's wrong for Air Force One and protection involved for campaigning for ANY CANDIDATE. Taxpayers be aware and complain.
http://tw.gofund.me/2qfv8hg9&pc=tw_co_share_m&rcid=d11e0c9c808611e688a5bc764e049a64 …
I'm not 100% sure what prices we pay to make america great again. as a very small business I'm willing to explore options
@CubanasforTrump That's why he makes no products in American Hypocrite now we find out he does business with Fidel Castro
how come you don't bring your products to be manufactured in Anerica? Liar !
not for you too afraid you won't pay them cheapskate
We need to know why the guy who did affair with Hillary commented suicide what did he see to do that
what countries are most of your businesses located? "Make American Great Again"....Bolony!!!
At next debate ask her to define "comprehensive" immigration. The word "comprehensive."
best of luck in your endeavors. If you lose by 1 vote I will take the heat as I am sitting out of this years election.
You have sent all your manufacturing overseas.  How about starting with yourself?  Trump is a lier and a con man.
American will become Russia under you
you are laughable..where  is your clothing line? Flint? Philly?NYC?Chicago?Tampa? Oh that's right....overseas!
and how do you propose to do that? Please, no rhetoric, just actual facts and strategies.
I wouldn't trust that thinned skin ignoramus anywhere near any nuclear buttons . FOS , arrogant and a misogynist to boot.
- duo says the man who manufactures all his goods overseas and furnishes his hotels with "made in China" goods.
Hillary were a wider at debate
she cheated was wirerd for the debate
Liberal Dems can't do it just look at what 40 years of their policies did to Detroit, Chicago and other large cities.
I truly believe this, You have shared with Us, some inside Material, if anyone googles, will know ur Right! TY
lotta cd/legis chnging needs!  #Xnafta #Xbig$$taxbrks. #Xillgvettg #XTPP #enufdiscrmntnlaws!  #XXACA #XCLObostaf #X$$lobby
pay your taxes or go to jail
here is more stupidity of why VA can't manage themselves properly. They sent a bill for .10 cents for .46 cent postage
Since U don't pay taxes-STOP using my roads!!  Use your 'smarts' 4 u & your family 2 drive around on!
How will he do it? Not a question he answered when asked multiple times.
Donald J Trump is Americas last chance.  President Trump
you are the biggest hemorrhoid for the USA.
at least you are convinced by @HillaryClinton

Awesome...How?
I am a supporter for space exploration. That will provide jobs too. Before the meteor hits and wipes us out.
It already is no thanks to you
How can you say this when all of your products are made outside the U.S.?
as we were, and as Israel is.
U will prove to be the best US president, in terms of taking Ur country on path of progress and fighting terrorism, superb
How so? What have white folks done to advance humanity? I'm asking you a direct question @realDonaldTrump!
Trump shirts: MADE IN CHINA.
But the Magnet shouldn't be just repellent !
If Hillary is President.
When will YOU start making your clothes in the USA again?
America and the world will be fine without you being president.
You stole that idea from Hillary. #NeverTrump #DonTheCon #AllTrumpsLie #DumbDonald #BrainDead
Trump creates construction jobs with his companies then doesn't pay for the work done. All the "wealth" goes in his pockets
How??? You have no plan! What's your plan.  Is it a secret??
YOU SAY TO BRING COMPANIES BACK, BUT IT WAS THE REPUBLICAN'S WHO MADE IT EASY FOR THEM TO GO OVERSEA IN 1987.
#TrumpWon 
SOB LIAR
and who will create them? You? You pay no taxes and then fail to pay people you hired to do a job. You are a big risk
even thought the commentator was not impartial the next President (Mr. Trump) handled himself pretty well.
DEBATE UNFAIR..
 LESTER INTERRUPTED TRUMP 41 TIMES
     INTERRUPTED HILLARY ONLY 7 TIMES
BIASED  QUESTIONS
#God 1st
let's make Russia great again.
The difference between Trump's tax return if he's paid zero or a whole bunch  she's live on the government tax payer for
Not with you in charge. You're too immature as evidenced during last night's debate.
With HILLARY we will......not with you
REMEMBER..
DEMOCRATS have actually been in power 10 years
They CONTROLLED last 2 yrs of Bush's
Term
They caused the decline
Beat Hillory!!!

SUSAN SARANDON: CLINTON ‘IS THE DANGER’ , NOT TRUMP  http://nevo.news/index.php/2016/09/21/susan-sarandon-clinton-is-the-danger-not-trump/ …
https://twitter.com/V_of_Europe/status/779484183324397568 …

Polls Are In On Debate,Donald Trump Will Save U.S.A. Hillary Clinton Defeated,In Ten Major Polls ! https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/780796008854876160 …
By selling dresses made in China, and outfitting hotels with crap made in China.

come on trump JUST 10 MORE LIES come on I need a good laugh
YOU WILL BECOME PRESIDENT! THERE WILL BE A SEASON OF VICTORY/PROSPERITY/STRENGTH! Spreading of Gospel. AMEIN & AMEIN!
where are your taxes dude
you really should hire a bonafide macro economics expert
not with high tariffs or cutting taxes for the wealthy, more like increased prices and continued trickle down failure
The reversal will start happening as soon as Donald takes office in Dec.
Yep. That's what will happen under Clinton's superwoman leadership. Looking forward to it.
YOU ARE SO RIGHT @realDonaldTrump  I THINK YOU WILL WIN IN NOV,8
no jobs, population surge, drugs, war, Hillary's Global plans, thank  God for George Soros
Explain to me and the American public.  How will you bring the jobs back to America?  Figure, no answer!
greedy business men like you just take their  business to other countries for cheaper labor
You have been part of this problem for years - now you say you, and only you, has the solution?????  HA!
Slogans are good but HOW. U hv NO PLAN. Just slogans. U were flustered during the debate. Innovation hs to come from within
tell me how you will achieve that goal?
Trump u will get us there
does that include your manufacturing companies? Will you bring that business back to America?
It's not only jobs & wealth which would be driven away by Hillary's. Also, skilled people eg. mechanics, journey persons
HOW?
GOD BLESS YOU
#Abc,and mm rude towards Trump,#Fox gave truth
@MargaretMcgui16 I can't wait I'm tired of the gov pissing my tax money away with nothing but debt to show for it.
αυτές οι ερμαφρόδιτες κοπριές 'αυτοκτόνησαν' καί 'αυτοκτονούν' χιλιάδες ΕΛΛΗΝΕΣ.. ΕΜΠΡΟΣ ΕΛΛΗΝΕΣ
αυτές οι ερμαφρόδιτες κοπριές 'αυτοκτόνησαν' καί 'αυτοκτονούν' χιλιάδες ΕΛΛΗΝΕΣ.. ΕΜΠΡΟΣ ΕΛΛΗΝΕΣ
Pretty promising for what you called a "third world nation"!
Also stress that you will cut taxes for all Americans vs Hillary's plan that will destroy an already dwindling middle class
China & Germany will lead the clean energy revolution if you don't start prioritizing American clean energy #ClimateAction
says a man who employers foreign workers at Trump Tower buildings.
@dsshep1959 Trump pays millions in taxes every week, SS Tax, Medicare, workers Comp, unemployment, sales, insurance.
You didn't explain it last night so explain why this will happen again. Saying things is much easier than doing them.
It started in the 70's jobs left the north states and went south then they started leaving the country.
:Holt threw bricks at you and feathers at Clinton. Tax returns, birther issues, & business practices inappropriate questions
yes it might cost a bit up front, but when you bring corporations and jobs back to America, that will bring back money toUS
Your plan for this is a secret? You don't sound very innovative.
Great job . She looked like a little brat that got caught with her hand in the cookie jar.
to make you richer and richer and richer you don't give a damn about the USA
YOU sent YOUR jobs to China you dingbat!!!
thats already happening under Obama. You're the one who'd outsource all our wealth & f*ck up international relations. Smdh.
really
Not by giving tax cuts to the very wealthy. We tried that. It didn't create jobs. Instead, they hoarded the money.
your ass was kicked by a GIRL! Excuse me a #woman.
Yeah right sniffing Donnie https://www.buzzfeed.com/karlazabludovsky/meet-the-workers-who-sewed-donald-trump-clothing-for-a-few-d?utm_term=.yc4DXQ6pE#.jnmz7yJZY … #SnifflingTrump
Hey sniffles let's do one more #SnifflingTrump
What do you think about making aliens' funding of US candidates illegal?
Donald make sure you ties, shoes and suites are made by Americans.That's one way you can keep jobs in our country.
We know Hillary only wants government to do it all,free college, free jobs,tax all to increase debt. She'd destroy any hope
not with you in charge loser!
u stole that from Hillary
Are you the one who took them away?!
hope so!
USED some media from her bad past deal ,what's her tax says ? How much $$from lobbyist? Pharmaceutical coy $$ arm dealers$$

HELL YEAH!
GOD HOLY SPIRIT Bless Sir Donald Trump IN JESUS NAME! AMEN
@HillaryClinton @HarveyLawson1 WE are on our way to VICTORY

@realDonaldTrump
Absolutely What the hell is Hillary thinking taxing everybody and business more will drive business away Stupid is stupid
Just campaign bullshit
promises hey elect me and ill make sure everyone earns billions , live like royalty like you Donald
While she was at home learning how to be a president, you were out with the people being one!
the question was HOW are you planning to do this, not what are your tag lines about it.
Today would be a good day for you to release your tax returns. ALL of them for the last 20 years.
need to get Clinton on emails, US security breeches, foreign policies and Benghazi.  It is all fair game!!!
have her release her Wall Street transcripts! I would love to see what deals and promises she made them!
