Thank GOD for a president that dares to say Merry Christmas!  Imagine that????

Don't know who wrote that but not him,all 8 years he has taken MC outof the WH Christmas card,unprecedented
you say he says it? Those were not his words , Please post that audio
where did you end up on this whole "Merry Christmas" scandal?
not a scandal,just facts, he'll be available soon to move to Canada since you like him so much?
You could have saved space and simply typed "Happy Holidays." Most of us would have interpreted it to include both.

PS. I hope you get nothing but coal in your stocking.
i fucked ivanka in the pussy
Does this mean you are not taking office? Only way the year will be very very very very very happy! #NeverMyPresident
Wow , a president who says Merry Christmas !   Thank God !
Jesus @realDonaldTrump, you are a bore, aren't you? Let me help you out, so at least you don't sound like one. The world is watching.
as a bonus, cutting out 'very' often saves letters.
Exactly—It's Twitter for cryin out loud. Only Donald Trump would use "very" 4 times in a row in 140 characters.
using hyperbole is very, very, very, very bad, yes. #noSenseOfIrony
Thank you Mr. President for everything you have done and are trying to do for us.  I hope u and your family have a very Merry Christmas and the happiest New Year♡
hey man you should really say 'happy holidays' instead
not everyone celebrates christmas
Only three 'very's? What a dick!
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas Mr. President and your entire family!  And an even better new year 
Merry Christmas to your family and you!
GOD BLESS YOU AND MELANIA, all Trump's. We thank God For You
merry Christmas mr Trump and family
Merry Christmas President Trump. I got my Christmas present on November 8th #MAGA
happy new year to you as well.
Merry Christmas to you and your family mr. President you have a wonderful day
Trump, I hope to improve on the U.S.-Russian relationship. I hope you will see me. I'm Russian.
: except for the blacks, the ghetto people, the Jews, the terrorists --anyone not a straight, white, Christian male!
Merry Christmas!
Thanks Donnie your the best Christmas present I've ever gotten. #maga #hillaryforprison
Merry Christmas!!
Merry Christmas to you and your family!
are u 4?
Such an inspirational messsge.
Merry Christmas Happy New Year 2 All of You 
Thank You All 4 All you are doing & Plan 2 Do 4  God Bless 

and the same to you and your family
Loaded up on boxcars and sent - where?
same to u President Trump.
merry Christmas！
oh I puked in my mouth 
Angelou at Clinton inauguration.jpg
Angelou reciting her poem "On the Pulse of Morning" at President Bill Clinton's inaugur
Our prayers are with you as you embark as America's newest leader.  May wisdom and good sense guide you.  God be with you!
if celebrities are too scared to perform at the inauguration then just have the American people do it js
et aucun plagiat n'est toleré sans que ce soit autre chose que ma vie
Merry Christmas Donald
um #DonaldTrump didn't you forget something?

#merrychristmas to #USAMilitary Thank you for your service & sacrifice.
Does this mean you won't be tweeting again until 2017? A week without international incidents would be a gift.

Merry Christmas Happy Birthday Jesus!
We love you Mr President!!
Merry Christmas and a very happy and healthy New Year to you and your family
WHICH Christmas are you talking about .
not for everyone you orange shitgibbon
Go fuck yourself.
Jon seriously get a life!!! Hope you have a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.

WE PRAYED, GOD SENT US DONALD J TRUMP AS HIS ANNOINTED PRESIDENT FOR AMERICA, HE WILL DRAIN THE SWAMP MAKE a GR

RT please
It would be a very, very, very, very, very, very Happy New year if you weren't becoming President on Jan 20th
i'd like reasoning why you don't want him president.
He's not even sworn in and he's already got us in a nuclear arms race.
okay. Okay. May i see some evidence to back this statement up. Oh. And

i wonder what happened to being a "tolerant liberal".
Keep wondering! But I know what an ignorant Rep means!
Definition of liberal Politically correct terms Are: racist, diversity, tolerance
.@realDonaldTrump My Chanukah wish is that you release your tax returns. Probs just getting socks again tho.
you people have no shame.
because this guy is just a hack reporter trying to make a name for himself #jackass
Only POETUS in modern history to not release his tax returns. But thanks!
you had the biggest fraud ever in hiliary running and you guys treated her with kid gloves
NYT broke the story about her emails. But hey, revisionist history is more fun!
so your telling me a tax return is more important classified emails that she sent to who knows who? Priorities
Remind me why both aren't concerning? Also, Russia already released her emails...
have you not seen the POTUS Christmas address last 8 years?Always says Merry Christmas, gives thanks to God.
you cannot serve 2 masters! Islam and Christianity! Trump dont bow to any person unlike fraud obama
Trump is bowing to Putin. President Obama has always served American people and God.
god doesn't fucking exist
then you wouldn't care who is wishing merry Christmas or not. Atheists are Americans too. Your point?

You forgot the face of your cult leader?!


LMAOOOOOO typical liberal response. Call us hateful, homophobes, racist.. etc used to it.
that's why you guys can continue to rack up the Losses. And it's gonna be exciting. And my "essay" lol
is about how you are incredibly rude to people you never met and to my aunt who hasn't said one word

If you can't think use Photoshop!
get a life you psychotic beast...it's Christmas
that how you treat women, big man?  @LaonAngel @realDonaldTrump
Your exaggerated looneytoon? I could think of worse things like Obama Heroin Epidemic here
...and celebrating the man holding the match.


Merry Christmas to you and your family.
@EntheosShines #MerryChristmas Mr President #FirstLady

And to you and your family.
what would be a wonderful Christmas gift for America is for you to resign & give us a real leader who isn't a flip flopper
The fake news got u @VeeVee so just give the man... @realDonaldTrump the time and space to fix the last 8 years of trashing by obama.

MERRY CHRISTMAS AND HAPPY NEW YEAR.  I thank God for you. God Israel that land. They won it back. It is theirs
ITS LIT LETS GOOOO
happy holidays
dam pelosi looks like she is sick maybe she should go to a doctor of the American people's.choice then see what she says
Merry Christmas & a fruitful New Year! Trump & family
god bless u lets defeat isis potus #maga
what happened to happy Hanukkah

@sandiv11 HeyAfter you finish Making America Great Again let's vote in Mr.NetanyahuWhy NOT? He will  serve BOTH
MERRY CHRISTMAS PRESIDENT TRUMP GOD BLESS AMERICA!
I can't wait for the new year and for your presidency. You will Make America Great Again!
It will be a happy new year to the 3 million less people that voted for you.  Fools.
to you too Donald Trump, and good luck with the next 4 yrars!
WRONG
Like you mentioning Merry Christmas instead of happy holidays
we shall see
.   Most Americans are despairing right now Donald.......
Mr President I ask God to give you wisdom to be the best president of united state of America.
How about Happy Hanukkah? They're on the same day this year. Or perhaps- Happy Holidays. ?
.@realDonaldTrump "very" 4 times. why?
Please consider using Military musicians for all inaugural events. I was Navy musician during Eisenhower era .we can do it!
President Trump, your depth of heart and soul moves me. The best to you and yours as well. No other politician does this!

Wow, how motivational... NOT!  Love all the really big words and your year will NOT be very,very,very,very Happy
same to you and ur family. Hod bless
sorry i meant god blesd
with you in charge......,,,not a chance!! You're thick as shit! Zero brain cells to make people feel safe enough!
Same to you Sir.
Merry Christmas President & God Bless America!
same to you and family. Much love. Feel like you are my family
Mr. President  & Lori : ALL THE BEST  TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILIES !
And NO LAW say you have to release your tax returns.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS *SSCLOWN!
You too! All the best for the next four years of your first term as Commander in Chief:-)
can't stand Zooey Deschanel
Thanks! May you have a great presidency, we are here to support you.
MAGA can't wait for 1-20-17
OH YES AND A HAPPY HAPPY SAFE LOVING NEW YEAR CANT WAIT TILL YOU ARE INNAGURATED WISH I COULD BE THERE. CANT AFFORD IT.
that Donna Brazil is just another Obama mouth piece that can not do any thing above the board she just keeps lying
u too Happy New Year
and a Happy New Year to you and yours!
you and your family as well mr. Trump, i can't wait to see the good you can do for us.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
happy new year...computers made in CHINA beware easy to hack with embedded tech.
Right back at ya ! lol And I hope so cuz 2016 was terrible for me !
you too Mr.Trump can't wait till you're in Office I voted for you for a reason #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Since November 8th, a very, very, very, very Happy New Year is assured.
please look into USDA wasteful spending on travel and ot for inspectors
showing the American people your tax returns would be a great way to start 2017.
Merry Christmas to you and your family. You will make America great again
I just love your very, very, very, very big, strong command of the English language.
.@realDonaldTrump Weird that you would wish murderers, Neo-Nazis and paedophiles a happy new year.
with you no way
All the best for you and your team
it will be a very happy New year. You're going to make America great again!
Divine intervention... the reality is: Mr. Trump will be our president. "cut it out Obama" you're irrelevant now.
Im surprised you knew how to spell Christmas.
What if Hillary had won the Election; 
by E-mail Fraud?!
.@realDonaldTrump Simpleton.
@WhiteHouse @YEARSofLIVING @sciam @CompactofMayors @EU_ENV @UN 2016 Year of "happening faster than predicted, thought, .."
Merry Christmas to you and your family Mr.President!
: Mr. President made d "Very" 4.....i.e next 4 years....dats cool
ditto,  Merry Christmas and a happy new year
@NetworksManager looking forward to Jan 20 2017 Best birthday present ever May God keep you safe We know Obama try 2 harm U
http://www.forbes.com/sites/bryanpearson/2016/12/22/holiday-spending-to-exceed-1-trillion-and-11-other-surprising-data-points-of-christmas/#2d35f649433c …
"Merry Christmas and a happy New Year to you and yours as well Donald and thank you for stepping up to the plate G_D blessU
The use of redundant adverbs/adjectives combined in a sentence is a sign of pleonasm. You might want to see a Dr about that

And the same to you sir!  Looking forward to
January 20th!  Took the day off along with my wife!
. My new year will be happier if you make it illegal for companies to constantly call me to consolidate credit cards etc...
it will be a happy new year with a patriot as our president.  #newdirection
You want us to have a great 2017? & #MAGA. Its simple, have a heart attack and die. America will be great again then.
pence too he's just as bad
I actually think Pence is worst. Pence is a career politician. Politician = Liar/Manipulator w/ a network.
Wish You The Same.
Right back at ya Mr. T.
