Why won't congress pass.lawsto prevent this? Or why won't you?
Maine and Mass as well! Liars and cheaters like CA and NY. Mexico - #MockingBirdMedia #StopTheCaravan #ReleaseTheHRCVideo #Pedogate #HumanTrafficking #ObamagateSpying #InternetBillOfRights #BuildTheWall #EndAbortionNow #DrainTheSwamp @realDonaldTrump @Qanon
Unfortunately, you are making shit up again. You are the #LiarInChief !!

#ResistTrump 
#TheResistance #TrumpDerangementSyndrome #RESISTANCE
Because it's NOT TRUE, LIAR-IN-CHIEF!
@POTUS Just another one of your lies that is costing Americans money and wasting their time. #DumpTrump
I am fed up with you bashing the people in states you didn't do well in.  You are a petty narcissist with very, very small hands and you are not worthy of the office you hold. You think you're so great?Let's do a re vote and see where you land. This time without Russians help.
You are so full of shit
We support investigations into voter fraud&want it all cleaned up4an honest 2020 #MAGA win against crooked DNC! 
You should go just to harass the snow flakes and liberals.
Once again spouting off with absolutely no evidence to back you up #FakeNewsMediaPOTUS
were is Sessions hiding under his desk??? Mr Trump check out the liars
Gee, why wouldn’t we require ID to vote?
they don't report becuase they are the big helpers on this!!Fake news need to be accontable and some reporters need their credentials revoke!!
By all means we need to redo the election in 2016.  were it not for you we would not have known the election was rigged for you.
He's not missing out on anything. Its just full of corruption.. Starting with.      Gov. Brown and Mayor Garcetti
With all due respect sir ,Because you allow them to felicitate propaganda Mr. President you need to take their license away you need to shut them down...
Sir you are the @POTUS Of America. It’s your job to do something about voter fraud, not the Media’s job. With all due respect
@mlong42947 don't u know it acceptable Mr Prez? Its lib bias,it don't count
https://www.trunews.com/article/judicial-watch-1.1m-illegals-voted-for-hillary …

Think Virginia has some problems as well based on tweets I saw!
Theu  havent counted the dead peoples votes  and ilegals
Unfortunately difficult to clean up with a Dem Gov. #MAGA
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
Most small business owners are REPS. They create jobs,services,products-hire, pay taxes, pay salaries. Fool w/them & lose jobs.
Shouldn't we have known this before today? Hoping this isn't going to be a problem for Ed. It's in Gods hands. Hope every1 prayng 4 ED's win.
CA passed a law that essentially prevents any non-Dem candidate from getting on ballot. Republicans have no vote in CA.
Because it's bullshit trump! You're the only fraud in the 2016 election!
PROVE IT! No proof. Just bc you say it a bunch of times does not make it fact. You're the #VOTERFRAUD #votersuppression
That works for his supporters.
Because it's bullshit like everything else about you. You're 72 grow up
Looks like there was voter fraud in New Hampshire. People from out of state voted. Busses bringing people from Massachusetts
Koo Koo, Koo, Koo, it's not serious bias by the media, just serious bias and ignorance on your part. Midterms R coming.
folks in MA would never bother to vote in NH. Check the votes of your family and friends registered in dual states first!!
only problem is when you look in the mirror at the biggest piece of  The world has ever seen don Duke Putin Trump
this s/be evidence that you can't  appease a D. They don't want appeasement. They want to control purse strings of the US
Every place you lost must have voter fraud. Breaking news! A lot of voters dislike you and didn't vote for you. Not fraud!
You are the REAL FRAUD FAKE President. Let's have all investigations dig up your corrupt past. You know you are a criminal!
You ARE AN IDIOT, and, the media is NOT reporting that - big problem.
Yup the election seems illegitimate. Glad we agree
All the State's should sue your  ass for this
the big problem is that we have a complete incompetent like you in the White House.
You can't have been serious! The only voter fraud in the November 2016 election was the Russian interference to get YOU elected!
140 characters cannot begin to refute your claim.  You're a liar in less than 140 characters.
All voter fraud points to you and Russia.
Virginia, California and Kentucky refuse to turn over voter data to #Trump voter fraud commission @KrisKobach1787
@Hopecruz13 funny they all denounced it knowing all the well it was happening and just trying to cover it up Fake news
We won I know but I truly thought NH,VA was ours.I see why it wasn't now but who is suprized right. God Bless you Mr.President #voteridlaw
Or..just randomly legalize voting for VA felons!
Lookin' at YOU @TerryMcAuliffe 
(Clintonista who organized PAC for McCabe's wife, btw)
Still waiting on the investigation
RUBBISH
. If the press, media  and voting system is so bad in the USA. Why don't you resign and move to your buddies state Russia.
日本の不正選挙はもっと深刻だ！あなたが今回話しをした安倍晋三は、それを利用して首相になったイカサマ野郎だ。
I had to do so much paperwork to vote in my district after moving from one side of NH small town to another side. No way.
The word "media" is plural. So you should say, "So why aren't the media reporting..." #grammartip
I voted for you in 3 states. So yes you did commit voter fraud.
-I live in Northern California and I'm embarrassed of this state! Many of us support you! God Bless America and you!
NC also tons of illegals voting here,and they brag about it.
PROVE IT, STUPID!  PROVE IT!!! PROVE IT!!!!
YOU made the claim, the burden of proof is now on YOU!
You are insane  #Trumpski .
fake fake fake
only in your little mind  sad sad sad
The media isn't covering it because you made it up.

. is it at all possible please divert funds being spent over seas towards social security? Cuts will make some homeless.
Cali is literally blue like every election besides Regan
#LIAR #LIAR #PANTSonFire #PUTINpuppet #TraitorInChief #OrangeManChild #Psychotic #ComradeTrump #NotLegitimatePOTUS #JERK
If this is true, why did you never summit proof of it? ..oh, wait...it was yet just another lie by Putin's Puppet...??
GOD you are such a LIAR...and worse yet, you believe your own lies!
#FuckTrump #Trump #NotMyPresident #NeverMyPresident #TheResistance #NeverTrump #TrumpLeaks
I am behind you 100%, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  I remember when DC worked for the people.
stop grabbing 10 year Old kids.
heyyy orange still waiting for your response to Meryl hahahah
So dead people, illegals & cartoon characters don't count as real votes? @PoliticalKathy @nytimes @CNN @mnioannou
your saying there was only voter fraud in states that hillary won, so the recounts in MI, WI, & PA were somehow invalid?
proof! Do you have hard evidence of these allegations?  Start being presidential instead of that angry old guy on his porch
your whining helps how?
speaking of bias where is your apology to mexicans, blacks, vets, women, disabled, the Khan family, #LGBTQ
The websites that said this btw also claimed that the sandy hook shooting was a hoax. Sure, believe them.
Mexico interfered with the help of Obama. He gave the illegals the right to vote in American national election.
The media are all left not middle of the road as should be
@JudiLoera If the fraud favored DJT you can bet they'd be all over it.
You are the minister of silly walks
how wonderful to have our future presidents a liar. He just can't face it the people want Hillary. He bought the electoral
yep i right rigged outcome not legitimate ie you are not legitimate pres unlike @POTUS who was even tho u try make him not
Big plans.  Believe me, it's gonna be great!  Divest?  Not necessary, believe me--I know more than the IRS--no tax returns!
you asserted that CNN provide prove that you "did not suffer" from voter fraud, but your assertion is enough to suffice?
VIVA TRUMP, VIVA TRUMP, VIVA TRUMP FOREVER AND EVER  !!
NEITHER ALEX PADILLA NOR PRESIDENT OBAMA could stop me and lots of people voting TRUMP
In California at the last minute they couldn't find me as a "REGISTERED REPUBLICAN VOTER"
I am a Californian HISPANIC REPUBLICAN VOTER who had much trouble by getting to vote
WRONG...YOU ARE NOTHING BUT ...WRONG.
@KellyHPayne @CNN @MSNBC @ABC @CBSNews they don't cover this w/n not favor 2 their side!
Big Lies
Proof?
.@realDonaldTrump seriously?
where is the prove mein Herr BuffoonTrump?
The only BIG problem is YOU!! The Know Nothing president!!
Yes there was 'voter fraud' in CA & across the country. It's called taking pple w/ethnic names OFF of the voter rolls!
If there was 'fraud' then, you shouldn't fight the recounts. This is bipartisan. #voting #votingrights #VRA1965
Your supporters aren't based are they?
https://youtu.be/ND1JigR8dwY 
Not factual. In 26,000 news + public sources only 4 reports of voter fraud Dec 1. http://wapo.st/2gFGZUR  -- @realDonaldTrump #TweetTheTruth
Our voting process requires change.  As Prez, I will look into ways in which we maintain the highest standards for voting
California, like most of the us, sees what a fraud & fascist you are! #fucktrump
Do you have any proof of this?
--HOW ABOUT MI, PA, NY and MANY others???
doesn't the media, need a license to airtime????just a thought...
they have reported it. Must not have seen it
Donald can't you ever be happy? Sad that Sociopaths only feel good when they are beating down others & winning at any cost
Remember this lie?

http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/28/us/donald-trump-voter-fraud-california.html …
the hate machine never quits
cause we all know and feel for those disenfranchised republicans in California....you're a silly person
its the age of hypocrisy.. money is involved somehow too! Bribery?
look who the crooked Governor of Virginia is 60000 convicts cut loose and allowed to vote
I didn't get 100%of the votes in those states. SERIOUS FRAUD!
only stupid PEOTUS would allege voter fraud--idiotic.
How does it feel to be a Russian puppet? Big problem.
Sad.
Ballots need to be audited and recounted in Virginia, New Hampshire, and California TODAY
Saying it doesn't make it so. #makingstuffup
Because they don't want to
.@realDonaldTrump yup, cause it's #Rigged ,you keep saying. Push for recounts please Mr #Trump !! Cause you like to play fair right? ;)
because there is no fraud
as your employer I demand that you stop making things up
corrupt Saudi media
Liar.
no that's the problem, & fraud is from your camp cheeto Hitler.
be shure to thank florida
coz people fantasise about Nazis?
evidence?  didn’t thin so….
right voter fraud but u got the states wrong it was michigan, pennsylvania and wisconsin, we win!
then why don't you demand a recount? Oh, yeah, cause you're full of it. #dumptrump
because he already won. Why does he need a recount?
then he needs to stop lying and spewing nonsense #dumptrump
show fairness in elections check california for illegal voters
Check CA, elections are most honest in America. Look at North Carolina - 20+% of black citizens blocked.
That was my ?, too! Why not states Hitlery barely won where we know FRAUD like in VI 60K felons dems registered!
America's firs delusional President elect.
voter fraud is real! Time for a mandatory federal ID card only issued to citizens. The old voter rolls must go!
the only voter fraud was committed by you. Everybody knows it.
Beecause once again, you are lying.
. Please get to do what people elected you for and stop twitter
in virginia yea cause I live in virginia and where I live all I see is trump/pence signs, we  want a recount in virginia
forget about it. You won, we the people won...make us proud...kick some butt...
Media hates you
You have made them irrelevant
People love you
You gave them hope
Don't screw it up
I guess they're not reporting because they reeeeeally want you for President.
Please request recounts in these states. Demand recounts, Mr. President. Our votes matter.
Mr President-elect, I'm in your corner. I voted for you. But please, it's time to drop the tweeting all together. No more.
How about a recount then?????
proof?
jkk
