you're not going to.
u go ahead and do that fat boy
God forbid if you win!!!!!! Let's speak issues!!!!
@revgilburgos insanity..
May I suggest Robert Mueller?
I second that suggestion of Robert Mueller 
Who are you talking to @realDonaldTrump ? 
Donald Trump Is The Last Hope For America

So the Syria strike was like when your dog bites your hand so you threaten it with covert assassination
@HillaryClinton  this is e-mails and national security is funny
It's even weirder to refer to yourself in second person than it is to refer to yourself in third person, Donald
Talk about projecting! Yikes!
When you WIN!!!!

Put her ass under the prison
you're not going to win.  #sexualpredator
@kmcdev2 That's why the Clinton's and the DEM are so worry about a Trump win. Can't wait
There.
Is.
A.
Trump.
Tweet.
For.
Everything.
In THE FUTURE, when Trump is convicted, part of his sentence will be to travel back in time to warn everyone about himself
But it's already happened... people didn't listen
Well the problem was they sent Marty, not Biff.
LOL
Trump alt-Hallmarked his future.
Gallery for prison
STFU TRUMP EMPLOYEES
We don't have to worry about that!!
Yep!! Use taxpayer money to continue your bullying tactics!! #Sad
Well, that aged well.
Win win win.
except literally every word that comes out of your DISGUSTING mouth. Take a seat.
Bragging about wasting taxpayer money.
thank you Mr. Trump# you are doing amazing; )

Putin in real world.
@IParupsky21 honorable opponent
Oh, the good ol' days! Now your Russia mess has spilled out everywhere! You have the best lies! Believe YOU!
L
u will need 
someone 2 breakdown the rigged polls coming out, just 1 person, show the biased skewing, credible TV person
You are Mr Projection aren't you?
I think you mean WHEN YOU WIN!!!
#MAGA #TrumpTrain2k16
Trump/Pence
You do know what country you're running to be President of, dont you? Luckily, there's a Constitution in place.
@davisindy Thank-you Mr. Trump....everyone watching cheered when you said this to @HillaryClinton
Everyone but the millions of us who were appalled and disgusted.

let's tweak that for population density and...ooops. nice try.
At least liberalism is contained to a few Democratically controlled crime ridden corrupt cities....Whew!
How's that working out for you?
#Winning
You want to jail an opponent for no laws broken. That's what tyrants -- not democratically elected leaders -- do. @realDonaldTrump
she has committed multiple Felonies
Why do some of you always allow yourself to be manipulated to believe this bs?
Let's revisit that debate.   If only we could all go back in time....
once you're finished putting Hillary away, can you swing them over to Cook County to stop these CROOKS, please!!!
He should speak for himself..
interesting, using the justice department for political purposes seems like a fresh campaign position
I run my husbands Ob/GYN office and our patients are all hurting with Obama Care!!!
I think you made a typo- it's your profits not your patients that are suffering
no you dope! the coverage dropped and the premiums keep climbing. if you had a damn job u would know!

You'd never know health care cost growth is at an all-time low. 
I'm not paying for illegal aliens and refugees free health care!
yeah, screw those women and children whose homes have been devastated by war and terror. every man for himself!
still not entitled to come here, that is a privilage. that is one reason why we have immigration laws dumb ass!
just to let you know (from an Australian) under separation of powers of state .... You can't actually do that #Debates2016
@Magdalena0113 @realDonaldTrump of course I could be wrong... And Nixon was right....oh hang on
you're not wrong. There is a reason why @realDonaldTrump is infatuated with dictators.
Months later, still right
Yup, except now it's clearer than ever.

Opps
Nice bluff
Its as if he forgets that whatever you post online, stays online.
better start with the FBI, the law is clear 18 U.S. Code § 2071 - she cannot hold office
This replies from yesteryear are hilarious.  This is so fun!!
how we doing.. 9-0 and 4-0 in elections.. now this is fun!!
I'm from the future. You won the election. And you will regret tweeting this from your NY home.


Very cute. Thanks!
There is no reason that Hillary should be above the law. She should be in jail. I did not know has never been a defense.
Is he talking to himself? From the past?
I hope you appoint @JudgeJeanine
she is by far the best choice and has been supporting Trump since the beginning
@Trump_World unfortunate Obama will have already pardoned her
@anthonyp0226 stop
you keep claiming all these supporters but reading the comments most are against you.
How's your "situation" doing right about now, #assheil? You'll end your days exposed in shame, apathy, and disgust. Man up. Fast.
How's that going for you now? I'm loving the new special prosecutor. He's a straight-up guy who won't take orders from you. #MAGA #Resist
How legal is this for a president to do? But of course a dictator and fascist can do it. That makes you what?
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
@realDonaldTrump promises to investigate himself - less than 6 months in the job and already most incompetent/corrupt ever. #bigleague
We need a special prosecutor to look into the Trump Foundation and your dealings with Russia. Biggest con man, loser ever
did you ever think what would happen if she wins? #lawyerup
And now there's a special prosecutor. Dems will be a target too. Be careful what you wish for.
excuse me, but were you rehearsing this looking in a mirror?
wow 
Hilarious

this is yet another reason you should never be president. Republicans are just mortified with your campaign.
Narcissists *always* tell on themselves...
#Trumprussia #comey #OnwardTogether #imwithher
LOLOLOLOL
oops!!!
agreed! Anyone else would be in jail by now. One set of rules for @HillaryClinton and another for everyone else
SHORT TEMPER TRUMP pride goes before the fall
Life comes at you fast, Con In Chief .
but it is in the conditional! "if you win "
Life comes at you fast.
you won't have the chance
I repeat.. there is one of these for every situation
This comment from DT seems so long ago now. I guess trying to be a Dictator is one promise you've kept huh?
 Karma, motherfu*ker.
You have no idea how democracy works. Please just slither back under your rock.
Yours, for sure.
Well Donald, you are the President now and we have a Special Prosecutor.  Can we introduce you to Robert Mueller.
you were projecting your own REALITY then. Ur words wil bite u very soon!
trump is imitating khadafi
Well then just go ahead and cross that off the list now
How's your situation looking, Donald?
except that yours are even worse. Not a billionaire, no real charitable contributions. Smoke and mirrors
Well, you've got a special prosecutor, but he's going to be looking into YOUR situation. Karma.
The Simpsons did it first of Tweeters.
You can huff and puff but we're going to  win
Tired of winning yet sir?
Hahaha
This is funny. Did you actually know you were talking about yourself at the time.
@NicoleCarother1 hope he gets to do it
Your twitter history is fucking gold
just make sure if you win she goes to jail along with all the other corrupt government officials
everyone has done or said something....keep moving. We don't need any more leaving.
Who is the biggest amoral Godless liar Little-hands Trump or the coughing head Hillary. Question who will stoop the lowest!
The fact that you haven't deleted your Twitter account by now is just another piece of evidence that you are incompetent.
Resign

Stop being such a whiny little child threatening to tattle to the teacher. DJT is a pathetic excuse for a candidate! SAD.
Not so cool when the special prosecutor is coming after you for your real crimes.
Only dictators jail or kill their political adversaries!
Shakespearean
I think you are a threatening bully, not presidential material.
Oh Donald, Donald, Donald.
u need prosecuting for: pending rape car, Trump U, illegal campaign funds, misappropriation of campaign funds, bus. in Cuba
To #Nostradumbass You are setting the all time record 4 lying by a president. For sake of USA, I hope your record holds forever! It will.
trump is setting the record for everything , he has surpassed doing more than he asscused everyone else of
played more golf than Obama & spent more tax payers money on it & lie more than Any POTUS in history bigly
mishandled classified info, fired the FBI head for investigation of you made bigger deal that Nixon did
@morningmika @JoeNBC 
 @NicolleDWallace , @WillieGeist    seems surreal, dumbfounded looks their watching tennis match
Karma is a bitch
You are never going to win!
#trumpcriticisestrump
Your word doesn't mean shit.
Hahahahaha....ouch! Moron!
never will I ever vote for you
Not happening Donald. Go back to trump tower and prepare for your next bankruptcy.
Hey, knucklehead. You never answered my question about who this tweet is to, but now I am thinking it is a 'note to self.'
This is not something first-world democracies do. You are truly scary.
AG= Aggressive Gimp?
Well, that didn't age very well 
don is it true u smell like urine after anything.?
Oh yes let's see there was Pres Nixon & then Reagan & then Bush etc etc Read your history first then we'll talk
FTW!!!
I can't even laugh at you any more. You're a cancer on our nation. A malignant growth on our moral compass. A failure of our civic health.
#GreatOrangeOfFire #DumbAssDonald #ResignDonald #TrumpRussia #NotMyPresident #BYEBOY
actually read the constitution

You mean your assistant AG. Too bad your lil buddy recused himself.
please do,  and take our lousy excuse for AG and Comey with her...all disgraceful!
Idiota!You wouldn't have that power. Courts do that! #NoclueTrump#UnfitforPotus
If Trump learns to do "deals" with people instead of real estate and gets over his ego, he could be the best President ever seen in history
Watching a power hungry man-child go down for blatant crimes-this is #winning for America. Buckle up Trump, Its a long way down. Ciao.
Donald Trump’s Week of Misrepresentations, Exaggerations and Half-Truths
If you win (NOT HAPPENING) because you are so complicit  with Russia, not to mention your past criminal activities. #Trumpresigns
Third person? Maybe we're dealing with another Sybil? Wonder how many are in DJT? Now it's starting 2 make sense  I  suspected MI
And fire the AG if he even thinks of looking in to anything Trump related!!
except for ur actual lies and fraud! When's your next court?
PERVERT!!!!
how will you appoint an AG from your jail cell?
Banana Republic Dictating jerk.  I will take a month to go door to door and taking folks to the polls.
 For Hilary.
That's illegal. You need to study the constitution.
if asked my fellow citizens,your subjects, deserve the truth
This aged well.
best debate line ever!! #3on1
trump talks about his future,IMPEACHMENT and celebration!
Can't wait for this!  :)))))))))))))
best statement of the debate!
Oh boy.
Not much chance of that, thank goodness. #DimDonald
Obama will pardon her and her staff before he leaves office.
You know who else arrested his political opponents? Stalin.
at least threat does not include pussy grabbing.
your best revenge is to win and the only way to win is to stay on msg!!!  Ignore her accusations!!!  STAY ON MESSAGE!!!
LOVE IT!!
stay on message tonight!!! Don't let her rattle your cage - show the people the LEADERSHIP they crave
Clintons are above the laws
should be in a zoo. Orangutan.
looser
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
This didn't age well, did it Donny? Suck it up. Oh that's right, you do SUCK it up.
The long slow descent to good bye . . .
don't lose any sleep over this.....you're not going to win #ImWithHer 


M O R O N  you don't even have a clue about how real government works
Trump, Master Con man

So whatever happened with this
Good thing we don't need to worry about that since yer about to get drubbed like no other candidate ever
your chances of winning are getting slimmer by the hour Drumpft
All that applies! Great to see you support Special Counsels!
Thank you for a great debate.Too bad everyone there did not Want to give you a chance to be a glutton for time like Hillary
or yours!

Well then. There you go!
Tweeting your future self?
that would be illegal. Just stop.
I need to do a book of these. Side by Side tweets!     Before President and After President
