#TrumpFraud #StillWithHer #PUTINGATE #trumpgrets #TreasonousTrump #notmypresident #grabyourwallets #ElectoralCollege

Naaaw, the poor litlle rich folks, Darn those pesky annoying poor people *OFF WITH THIER HEADS!*
Yeah, why take care of people yourself when you can point a gun at someone else to do it for U?
What the hell are u talking about? .are u on drugs? lol wtf ..no idea what your on about, anyyyway
BTW, hours after Obama talks unproven Russian hacks, Russia pulls out of cease-fire.  Good Job!
it has very much been proven, ur just to stubborn & hypocritically dishonest to admit it, scared?
It hasn't, I didn't vote for Trump,your cognitive dissonance is 'huge'.
ummm, and so your point is? and trump can commit election fraud & treason because why?, wow, good point! 
listen up genius, trump is more dangerous & incompetent then obama,hillary & every DNC member can ever be
Listen wills, Hillary is a moot point, worry more about trump, in 4 years ur going to have actual issues
--WOW
WOW! indeed,and this orange umpa lumpa is now running a trillion dollar economy ...not exactly beaming with confidence 
#TrumpFraud #StillWithHer #PUTINGATE #trumpgrets #TreasonousTrump #notmypresident #grabyourwallets #ElectoralCollege
--Make sure his cell is located near "the wall"
the prison is in mexico, i am sure they would love too say thanks for his recent compliments towards them lol
you are right up, I mean down there with Adolf Hitler. You appeal to the lowest common denominator
Loved the speech! Great stuff! Bring down drug prices for seniors & the disabled!
You lost the popular vote. Xoxo
hmm that's like boasting to your chess opponent that you have more pieces after being checkmated...#irrelevant
we love you Pres Trump!!!

Thank you President Trump Pa""

Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump pence Mike pence Mike pence Mike pence
's last day in the White House is in 1497 days !
That's 35940 hours.
(ಠ_ಠ)
#WhenDoesDonaldLeave
love our president! Feeling like obummer is already an after fart
Another stop in your "Yay me!" tour...
I didn't laugh the entire speech! So difficult.
You were beating your chest while thinking, I'm the master if the universe! Smh.....

We r watching u & will hold u to account tbt

Traitor you say? Your candidate is vermin. http://Mostdamagingwikileaks.com 
tell you what chappa Guzman could def grant you a free fair Mexican trail.
You are welcome. Always thought you would make a great president. God bless you and your family. You give me peace. Finally
thank you Mr. President
Is your tax audit done yet??
amazing speech tonight Mr.Trump. America loves you. Your the next Ronald Reagan. #MAGA
just
STOP your propaganda tour, @realDonaldTrump! We demand your tax returns. We demand total #Divestiture of business interests & a #BlindTrust.
Only people afraid to their hands dirty eat pizza like this.
You need to be sedated. Your serial lies are on the record and hiStory will judge you severely
We are all with you!
No we're not. Speak for yourself!

how interesting that people are less important than empty land masses.  Most people live in cities including DT
you conspired with Putin, @realDonaldTrump That's making Russia great again, not America.
is trying to learn enough Russian to ask Putin this question: "Могу ли я иметь свой рецепт коктейля полоний?"
my Russian isn't good enough to translate that... although the TrumpPutin reeducation gulag can fix that, I'm sure :)
http://translate.google.com  ;)

please don't forget the miners and widows insurance that's up for vote in April. Shelly Moore Capito knows all about it.
@newyork27usa
build a wall pls
Yeah, Mr. T, bring coal back to Pittsburgh.  Choke
@mike_pence Boycotting states that voted this swamp drainer!  I can live without Hersey chocolate, etc. for 4 years.
You buying PA. steel made by Pennsylvania STEEL WORKERS YET or do you still prefer CHINESE STEEL? Living wage? USWA forever
it stopped being great on November 8, 2016.
America IS Great. Your ideas and beliefs will bring America back to no acceptance of others! How ignorant!
WE LOVE YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP THANK YOU FOR BEING AWESOME. GOD BLESS YOU.
His donors just ended up in his cabinet by coincidence, I'm sure.
ok dude, you had a really good answer for Syria.

If you stand by this, you'd be a world's hero.
America comes first. Once we are strong and rich we can continue helping the worlds people in need.

Democrates attacking not giving a chance to you wrong wrong
President elect, please use less gestures while talking. I love you and make America great again!
is Thai the one?
you are not even sworn in yet & you have started. alot of us noticed.we are thrilled we picked the right man

breaking news go back to 7th grade civics and learn something about the electoral college.
Breaking news he was posting about the popular vote not the electoral college.
news flash I know
Breaking news flash Good for you.
well expect an answer to fit your question.  Merry Christmas and a happy new year
LIKE IF REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRAT AND YOU WANT A PRESIDENT OTHER THAN TRUMP
HOLD A PRESS CONFERENCE TO EXPLAIN HOW YOU'LL RESOLVE YOUR CONFLICTS-OF-INTERESTS
He has no legal conflicts. Grow up and follow the law.
ever hear of the Emolument Clause Article 68 of the federalist papers? Didn't think so! #trumpregret
the resemblance is uncanny!!!  Is this a family member?
actually looks like you
.@realDonaldTrump as someone from PA let me say we're rly worried about your super-rich, anti-climate, pro-Putin cabinet. Don't forget us!
He feeds off these ppl.Soon there will b no more crowds,no more applause or chanting from these mindless dolts.
TIME TO REMEMBER TRUMP IS THE PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES, AND IT'S REAL!!! LOVE PRESIDENT TRUMP
what a move
while you're getting adored by fans, the country needs you.  Work on the hacking you've known about for months. Get to work
. A MAN OF TRUTH CONFRONTS HIS ACCUSERS AND WINS..A MAN OF DECEIT USES OTHERS TO CONIVE A LIE.
BUT BOTH CANNOT PRODUCE TRUTH
I'm a Blackman fromrockawayqueens married2mywifeof20years3childrend the injustice is unique we needy
you wants to make US great, but you can not become a truly great US, afraid of Russian and giving them of Ukraine, Syria.
PROUDINPA
I was in Hershey last night great speech. Sitting high up to bad giant speakers blocking view of TV screens.
Merry Christmas to you and your family Mr. President
assist Africans, make our land great please.
so far way less than impressed
Nah, you'll make it suck like it's never sucked before.
went to the rallY but too cold for us old guys to wait outside but watched on ty thanks for coming
God bless President Trump & Vice President Pence.
you did a great job in Hershey PA. Now we get to WORK!!#LockHerUp
Hillary couldn't draw a crowd like the one in Hersey Pa. if she used pencil and paper.

.@Walldo @BuzzFeedNews that's funny considering the majority of black individuals voted blue more than any other group so ¯ \_(ツ)_/ ¯ 
conflict of interest is USING YOUR POSITION/AUTHORITY TO ATTACK SOMEONE WHO CRITICIZE UR PERSONAL BUSINESS.  PRESIDENT fail
it is amazing to see many americans that disbelief democracy. USA needs to be that wonderful country again. #MAGA
When was AMERICA great?
Was it during killing the natives years?or During the slavery years?or Reds under the bed years?

Who we gonna be makin' it great 4? The top 1%? Cause it sure ain't gonna B 4 the little guy.Can't wait till they turn on U!
Puppet boy will alway be an illegit Pres who needed Putins cheating to win & was crushed by Hill in pop vote.  Double Loser

what a great message!!!
you already made America great when you beat Kilary and sent Assbama packing
narcissist
Yeah, you're doing an AMAZING job so far.  Oh wait..no you're not..you're just bitching like a baby about bad reviews.
@Trump_time looks like @twitter is blocking All conservative tweets to Hollywood's libtards
What an incredible speech with a massive crowd. I have been watching almost all of these, this one was one of the best.
at New Port Richie Glirida in the house
Good to see you STILL are "too busy" to talk to the media about important issues. But you have time to do more Ego Tour! 
A billionaire from 5th avenue feels your economic pain.
go away
Donald you keep saying making the US great again.....I think your going to have an up hill battle on your hands
It's a sad day in the USA 
When someone needed to steal my favorite Donald Trump for President sticker right off my truck.
God gave us Donald Trump and maybe now another Spiritual awakening willl  follow for America.
Go. To, Work. Stop dividing this country. We see right through you. If you don't do your job you will be #Impeached

Your hands are to small to do anything.
#GodblessDonaldTrumpandUSA#No to secret trial for Nnamdi Kanu the leader of IPOB#give Biafra independent from Nigeria
This was awesome to watch and listen to! Thank you!
FUCKING OATH who can stop @realDonaldTrump with head office ON SIDE!
Gods blessing 2 #USA :)
Donald start Playing Eye of the Tiger and Original Rocky Theme at your Rallies and Inaugural.
Historic landslide? No. DJT electoral vote is one of the lowest. Clinton won popular vote by 2.9M - the largest in history!
idiot
I want to know when it is great again will there be a press release
People who said-----that Donald Trump would never become president

VIDEOS http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8036502/1/ …
AMERICA IS ALREADY GREAT. It's going to be EVEN GREATER Without YOU When YOUR BEHIND BARS.
thank you
absolutely fantastic event last night Mr. President, thank you! See u in January!
sweaty, old, fat, orange hair, washed up entertainer who needs praise to fill his head appears at these rallies no presdnt
I wish you would do the right thing and quit lying to Americans.
can we name a burger after your name??
Aren't there more 'Presidenty' kinda things to do? I don't know, like press conferences and intelligence briefings
@narendramodi @KremlinRussia_E pls get 2gether & resolve terrorism. Tk it seriously now otherwise earth wil becom ppl less
terrible man in charge of USA . Fascist
Finally a transparent President! Eep tweeting Mr President! You have our full support 
Are those2 WASPs (White AngloSaxon(white)Protestants) I'm seeing?  2016 US Pres &VP of the "CHANGE"candidate are WASP MALES
Donald Trump you're a loser
#trumpiscommunist trump is communist: build a privilege oligarchy to control the workers of America
Let's hope people protest about you losing the popular vote even with Putin's support. The world is laughing at you...
your not welcome


How many times do you have to repeat a lie before it becomes truth Donald?? Or is it The Donald?
How many times do you have to repeat a lie before it becomes the truth Donald??
How many times do you have to repeat repeat a lie for repeat for it to become the truth Donald?? Repeat repeat #hitler101
or are you going to make your bank account great while the rest of us cant live on minimum wage
like you made your AC casinos great?
Larry kudlow low is bad. Don't hire him. http://www.calculatedriskblog.com/2016/12/larry-kudlow-is-usually-wrong.html?m=1 …
I wish I was able too go see you in Hershey Pennsylvania.
check EU and US rates under 4% there's crisis around 8% there is expansionist phase
a thank you tour???????  Oh my god. What a narcissist!
Good job, love the fact that you are having these rallies.  Live the Merry Christmas!
great picture!!!
unless you get indicted for your involvement in the Russian electoral   hacking.  Why not just admit your guilt u low life
WHEN A CONSISTANT LIAR NEEDS TO CONTINUE THEIR LIES THAT PERSON HAS SOMETHING GREATER TO HIDE WITHIN THEMSELVES ..WHY LIE ?
Hello Mr. Son of Enki, i am just a midget wiping the floor from the Action, through my own house, towards the Piramids, hi!
#Scranton #Nepa
What are you doing to your own decedent's??
stop saying you're going to/go do it 

Unless u don't have a plan, is this w/ we have to hear for 4yrs? I'm fcking over it
Never before has a pres-elect traveled to thank Us for electing them as our President! God Bless Him & his Family MerryXmas
There is no way that you can improve upon what President Obama has done. Unless of course you can control guns in America.

@lisajnc1951 it was such a great rally!I also went just before the election and the atmosphere of both rallies electric!
Argumentum Ad Populum
#usefulidiot #PutinPuppet #therealloser
ew please leave my state and never come back thanks
America was doing just Great before you came along..
meanwhile mothers are contemplating suicide over the death of their child
you will do good not only to us but also to the entire world.
My best wishes to you..
Pennsylvania is a shit show, a shit show YOU rigged. You're a cheater and a fraud Don.
AND we here in Pennsylvania LOVE YOU!!! Counting days, hours, minutes, seconds till you are POTUS!!
The WaPo has kindly provided us with a nifty  "Trump promise tracker" 
Check it out
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-promise-tracker/?tid=a_inl …
Oh God's nightgown...can you PLEASE, PLEASE, finish at least ONE sentence coherently?
@transition2017 #maga NOT HAPPENING. #CONMAN #TRUMPTRAITOR #STEPDOWN #KKKABINET #LIAR #TRUMPGRETS
ALEPPO. ALEPPO. ALEPPO. ALEPPO. ALEPPO. ALEPPO. ALEPPO. ALEPPO. Jesus. Stop congratulating yourself. ALEPPO. #fucktrump
after u take all the $$ first. http://money.cnn.com/2016/12/16/news/companies/donald-trump-campaign-fec/index.html?sr=fbCNN121716donald-trump-campaign-fec1250AMStoryLink&linkId=32486330 …
.@realDonaldTrump when are you bringing the steel industry back to life/reopening mills? First 100 days? Or never, because it's impossible?
Thank you Mr. Trump for wanting to make our Country great again.
Thats really nice that your doing a thank you tour..
When's your Moscow stop?
Not a man, not a plan.
Going backwards is against the law of nature. Ever watch Back to the Future? It never works. Good luck on that.

We in PA thinks all you're good for is pissing on.
You can't even win graciously. Half of us didn't vote for you & your smugness doesn't bring us together. Very sad.
Will you let us know when America is great again?  How are we going to be able to tell?  What is the measure?  4 years? 8?
does a making America great mean making America go to war with China you're not even in office yet
#LockHimUp
we are going to be great again, we could have been if not for Obama and his hoards of criminals.
is there any way you can stop the censorship on Facebook?
