Whatever you're referring to, it has the familiar stench of OBAMA clinging to it! He's determined to destroy America.
You're a racist
What makes you any better. Why don't you get to know the real person that he is instead of name calling

Warning: This video contains offensive language, inappropriate behavior, and blatant misogyny. 
Voter discretion is advised. 
"Make the lie big, make it simple, keep saying it, and eventually they will believe it." - Adolf Hitler
Hillary is http://a.pro  at lying
also a lie! http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/lists/people/comparing-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-truth-o-met/ …
Steve Fowler, now you're lying
How so?  Do you disagree with facts?
Your lies aren't facts
your brain isn't smart
It most surely is. You can't even speak english
agree 100%. How do we stop the rioting and looting after these events take place?
These cops put their lives on the line everyday! Must wait till all info is out before judgement!

we need the law and order candidate to take our country back from people like this!
Not only safe but equal justice under the law. No police department or law enforcement agency is above the law.
you act like YOU care!!!!!
TAXES PAY POLICE HAVE YOU PAID SHOW THE RETURNS

For which the republicans spent thousands investigating and could not prove.
Ooops
Hahaha.It's clear that over 30 years every scandal that she was accused of she was involved in. No charges is not innocence
If they could have found something to pin on her the Republican investigation would have done it.
you can not charge anyone without evidence that's why HRC destroyed the emails
You can actually. People have been charged with murder with no body.
America was never safe...
AMEN. WE NEED TO CLOSE OUR BOARDERS RIGHT NOW. ILLEGALS ARE RUNNING WILD IN OUR COUNTRY. PRAY FOR OUR COUNTRY
you promote racism and you incite violence. You volunteer to pay the legal fees for your violent supporters. Liar
#PresidentTrump will fix it! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Like you said, Donald, law and order.
and what is your proposal to accomplish that? Just hurling insults at people doesn't lend itself to peaceful resolution.
Is that the best you can do?  And you are usually much quicker with your tweets.
You have to COOPERATE w AUTHORITY! Unless of course your last name ends w CLINTON...
Again, no specifics, PeeWee T.
we know when you are POTUS you will change things #maga
yeah when will police stop killing innocent people?
when innocent people start obeying the law
do you know what innocent means
Your ignorant rhetoric is making our country unsafe.  Stop!
Mueller is coming!
But it's your race that finds this acceptable. Police manage to deescalate issues every day with White ppl.
Police officers were traditionally KKK members. What will you do about that going forward?
Then why are you dividing us through your racist bigotry? #CharlotteProtest
He isn't, that's the media.
last ngt. Too many wanting to loot, rather than protest.
CRIME UP UNDER OBAMA AND HILLARY. #murderrateUP.
I have never seen this country so divided and all these horrible tragedies. We need America connected and safe again!
What does that even mean?
oh and I've personally experienced police brutality... have you?
literally just went from sittinf position to standing she was 3ft away and she threw herself lifting me up
You Mr Trump will be the downfall of this country if you should be elected, God help us 1 & all!
I don't need a position,I just want to help. BTW, LOCK HER UP!
SomeDemocrats at thepolls are tearing upConservative ballots.
and maybe we have u stirring the hate pot and too many guns on the streets..
Are you saying safe from the police? I hope so. Two men who were not doing much of anything wrong are dead cause police ...
if you want that to happen you will stop running for POTUS
@Lucas_Ramey1 This will be hard to do. George Soros funded paid agitators aren't going any where. The Left's Rent-A-Mobs...
.@realDonaldTrump By doing away with due process? Empowering police to kill young men of color? You must release your returns or DROP OUT
inciting fear and violence is not constructive #NeverTrump
It's pretty obvious when your staff tweets for you.
America is a safer place without a president @realDonaldTrump.
Presidents can't protect a nation or any human being. Only God can.A nation that turn God away has no hope
Thank you Mr. Trump for exposing what some of us have always known. Our political system IS rigged.
#canadianshavequestions, When you make these comments are you just talking about white people or everyone? Deplorable?
You are the candidate of choice for white supremacists, neo-nazis, misogynists, and xenophobes. You'd make us safe HOW?
None of those people are rioting only HRC supporters
why would racists be rioting when an unarmed black man gets killed AGAIN?  They're just celebrating it.
Man was armed in Charlotte were the riots happened, also name 1 racist comment by Trump
Mexicans are theives and rapists. Oops, apologies that was two.
Get it correct Some of the illegals are thieves and rapist never said Mexicans and its true
So are people born here. What was his and your point?
The Illegals should not be here to commit the crime we have enough criminals already
Mr. Trump, why are you still pushing the birther conspiracy? https://twitter.com/cafedotcom/status/776586484669292544/video/1 …
I don't understand this guy Nathan. birther is over and done with HRC started DT ended it
.@realDonaldTrump No mention of the murder of #TerenceCrutcher? How's that AA Outreach going, ya racist?

#CIsForColored
#BLM
#NeverTrump
Crutcher was NOT murdered! He refused to obey commands, reached into car. #Justified
NOT justified for failure to obey when no probable cause of any crime! WTF?!?!  @TammaraMaiden1 @co_rapunzel4 @realDonaldTrump
After you get elected, could you please prosecute Hillary and Obama.  I think that would help a lot.
For what, exactly?
O - for whatever a real investigation of him turns up.  No doubt there's plenty.
Which would be nothing. You'd know that if you were capable of reason rather than parroting.
Wink-wink, black men aren't safe while driving.They can walk down the street! Profiling doesn't help nd is unconstitutional
I hope you pass a law against protesting
White nationalists lasp gasp! Nobody likes you, but thanks for destroying that deplotrable party with truth.
Words of wisdom from Donald the Divider.
are you kidding? Are you that blind? Hill Bill and Obama are the culprits
Absolutely!
You could help the unity by not being a fear mongering racist who manipulates others into hating a certain group of people.
if we must "come together" why are you hell bent on splitting the population up?
- I belive in you Mr. Trump. You can and I know you will make our America great again.
Right on fellow DEPLORABLE!
you're worried about terrorist when our own police are killing innocent people!
you don't know all the facts. suspect did have a gun, wait till investigation is complete then pass judgment
Terrence Crutcher did not have a gun! Police are killing innocent people and it's fuckin obvious!
not referencing Terrence, read the whole tweet line. I know nothing about Terrence incident. you idiot!
ok dumbass! Stay off my tweet and you won't sound so stupid defending all these racist fucks out here! Sure you're WHITE too Gail
not that this is any of your business. I am NOT white. I'm a minority. We will leave this as it is. Have a wonderful day.
that's is laughable coming from you who's entire campaign is based on fear and hate!!  You make me sick

I see your African American supporters are behind you You don't actually mention them. An accident? I think not!!
You are totally right! So why do you divide the people? Any minority doesn't feel safe, because of your harsh rhetoric!
Wish your were president Now.
Hillary believes blacks are STUPID.
. Just release your taxes
The way to accomplish this is to end the #BLM foundation and freeze all their funds. Paid #BLMThugs must stop
or else ima become a bounty hunter....
You want us to come together and stop police murder? When are you meeting with Marissa Johnson or Shaun King?
Except for the illegals though ... right ?
Safe from who is the question
So you say - but you never describe how.
keep up the good work Mr trump
We must cum together as 1 people,1 nation and solve our racial problems. Not the way u want 2.U want a police st.Ur racist
Pls tell blacks Obama's been insulting them for 8 yrs so they should vote for you in return. I hope they ALL vote TRUMP!
poignant statement. Really gets to the heart of the issues.  
#orangehitler you are the biggest threat to America.  Delete your account.
are you sayin the rioting is bad or police need to stop killing
and your going to help?? I think not!

Situations like Tulsa wouldnt happen if we as a nation worked to fix institutionalized racism. Is that in your 4 year plan?
he was unarmed!! No a book looks like a gun!! Send that cop straight to prison!! After her trial!! Pukes!
your leaving would make it safe again
The coming together is not helpful . Again and again shoot cops African American .
what does that mean????
#America vs #trump

Conflict-of-Interest?
* Just received Police Endorsement
* Black Outreach
oops?
@realdonaldtrump https://newyork.cbslocal.com/2016/09/20/tulsa-charlotte-police-shootings …
what situation are you speaking of SPECIFICALLY
-Mr Trump, you think yr ready to be a leader of the WHOLE USA ? GetUp, Get Out, LEAD NOW. Or are asleep like Hilliary,Obama?
, does anyone, anywhere , want Somthing to be done by Mr Trump on here? All Pussying out.  As usual. Talk, talk, talk.
america is a continent not a country
Donald, just a thought, cops kill innocents because they feel they can. I say, No more.
Somebody took your phone away again, huh?
leaves you out
Your rhetoric does not bring us together!
Hahahaha, you Conned these Dumb #Trump supporters but not me!
This coming from the guy whos literally racist twords everyone.
YOURE NOT GETTING THE AFRICAN AMERICAN VOTE.
Who's going to accomplish that? You? Crooked, Dumb Donald?
Interesting how Obummer NEVER condemns rioting, violence, etc.?  #NeverHillary #TrumpPence16 #infowars #tcot
why have we ever been unsafe from the police dept?  That's a question I'd love to hear you answer!
Why are you such a hypocrite Donald? You must love to see your twitter finger fly with absolutely nothing of any substance.
mayor mayor Giuliani would be great for setting standards for police training must vote for trump to make America safe
We must first restore law and order. Nothing can be accomplished without restoring law and order.
,thank you. I agree 100%
We should wait for the vid b4 saying the woman "choked" Trump. I know its an election but lets wait.
@mike_pence @KellyannePolls @kayleighmcenany If we invested in these communities with job training,drug busting,schools..
These communities are overlooked as current&past GOV's sends R tax abroad
Cast the first stone, or do a selfstudy, no offense here, let's try out something different Gov always protects our industry WDGTL?
yes let's make America safe from the police! People getting killed because of their skin color!
Release your taxes!!!!!!!!!
Med control No gun control. ! @realDonaldTrump
NC is a purple state! They need to investigate the Black cop who shot the Black man to see if he's a BLM under Soros' order @realDonaldTrump
by eliminating police
We can't wait until January, we need Donald Trump now
what are you going to do about killer cops?
Self-fulfilling prophecy: Not respected. I'll destroy & kill. Still don't understand why I'm neither wanted nor respected!
bombing in #NYC & #NJ were horrible and lowlife #trump used it as a means to swayvoters. make America safe again #dumptrump
U are so right @realDonaldTrump . Unity has to come into play here no more hate.
Mr. Trump what you didn't hear in the video was the cops telling him to stop-he kept walking disobeying the cops.
yes you are
And Journalists who call me out on my LIES.


If Obama can create enough chaos, he can declare MARTIAL LAW & make certain we never recover!

America will be safe only if Hillary would stop baying with her foundations to these goons
The people who are rioting don't live in NC.The police should arrestee them.Hillary is paying for this.
More guns? I'm sure that fixes all problem.
We are praying for all involved.
can find that there is not such a gene as homosexual gene, but that is a whole other argument.
- maybe you and Don King can come together and steal more from America again!  Tax evasion, bigot, draft dodger, sexist!!

Yes but why are they not marching in Chicago to stop the Murders of Black on Black ?
from the cops??? This tweet make no sense at all. @JesseNts1k 
Boy You Got That Right!!- Go Donald!!
charlotte is a wonderful city. some need an excuse to loot and get something free.
You're so amusing when you pretend to give a shit. Pandering.
 
@CNN @MSNBC @politico HAHAHAHAHAHA this is only stated because he has a meeting with black ministers today WHAT A FRAUD!!!
Sell it to the Russians.  You don't know anything about compassion.#Racist#InstigateViolence

and #demilitarize police
Mr. Bankruptcy TAX RETURNS
@flhrs98 Amen...
we thought "you alone" could fix America?
don't be a hypocrite Donald. Remember your tweet below?!
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
Safe for who?
Stop. You're embarrassing your children. They just want to stay in the will.
It's not enough to say I'm sorry or have a meeting, it's time for defined solutions.
bot
your spray tan is fading
#ObamaNation
If Black Lives Matter, Then Go Back To Africa: http://www.celebtricity.com/donald-trump-if-black-lives-dont-matter-then-go-back-to-africa/ … #DopeyDonald #TotallyFuckingBatshitCrazyRacistMoron
the murdering the police are getting away with is what's tragic!
don't act like you care especially after what you said last night and as far as the African Americans polls still 2%
-All Americans must unite to end the division made by the elite politicians #internationaldayofpeace #VoteTrump16
you upset me condemning the cop in Tulsa please reserve judgment until facts are produced. I'm still on #TrumpTrain #TRUMP!
are you fucking joking? America has never been a safe place
we must end killing black men for no reason!
you don't care about anybody you racist
WHOS THE NEW CHICAGO IGNORAMOUS DON HAS,WHY DOES HE PIVK UM 
STRAIGHT OUT OF THE PROJECTS?
UR NOT IN THE PJD ANYMORE
HONEY!
no u suck
Homegrown Demagogue
@kenobiOubliWame tout le monde est dans la merde si il passe
Explain your foreign ties-doing business with Gaddifi & other enemies of the US:
Very tragic!
