your life has been a failure.
starting of isis help us Donald
PLEASE- PLEASE CONFRONT Hillary-- ask her to define "Trickle Down Economics" let her reveal her ignorance!
lets not forget that HC was shipping weapons from Libya to Syria
& this disturbing article from The Times
also Obama reportedly declined to enforce red line in Syria after Iran threatened to back out of nuclear deal
Hillary has never had a real job. Always been on the public payroll. Never has had an employee or created one job!
@HillaryClinton has experience but it's BAD experience. #neverhillary Tim is so Angry #her under Felony investigation.
how is she even electable? And If we're willing to elect her. What does this say about us?
God knows your corrupt heart and that why you are losing in the polls

and I heard it was the same Mexican judge that picked on you
. HRC abilities in foreign policy are significantly weak. She isn't able to think on her feet. Keep her on the ropes there.
so was most of your businesses. Haha
show us your taxes.
Go Donald! Make America great again!
Donald and Putin sitting in a tree, k I S s I n g. Traitor

stay mindful on what America needs truthfully apologize for words that hurt women who have been assaulted just like me
Pray tell, what would you do about Aleppo if elected?
@ScarberryJohn Your both a joke and it's a sad day when the country has to choose between you two clowns. I will not..
Strong is just a word to a liar who is corrupt without a moral core ,that comes from God.
by you of course-do you even know where Syria is? Oh yeah,you were just going to"nuke"them or was it the whole middle east
trump is snorting coke right now at his hotel in Vegas, read his unhinged tweets! #VPdebate2016 #VPDebate
who cares. He's not a public servant so why should we hold unhinged tweets against him?
Clinton failed policy and failed America.
but got rich. Only democrats can betray a country, get rich, and be reelected
I am Canadian I hope you win I believe you say what we cannot
Among many other failures, putting Americans like Benghazi in danger
well if you master Putin would bomb the right ppl maybe it would not be failing.
And Trump's policy was... oh wait, haha, Donald Trump doesn't have any policies, just a big fat mouth. #NeverTrump
WHY ARE YOU STILL YELLING???
Kaine is an annoying little femmy monkey #VPDebate
he is gay
Trump is so awesome I don't care what he said 10 years ago. Hillary killed 4 people
Your bullying lies are getting old, Mr. Trump. I suggest you grow up.
We got your back in St Lucie County, Fl. Go Trump
only speaking the truth?
Judged by whom? You?! I would trust your judgement when picking a tie!
IT WAS A FAILURE IN THAT PUTIN PREVENTED HIS KILLING ASSAD LIKE HE DID QADDAFI-HAD HE KILLED ASSAD WOULD HE HAVE FAILED?
WRONG
just like your casino! and steaks! and university! and last 'erection'!
i just cant image Syrian refugees in my country and im paying the bill....and they live better than i do....outrageous....
WOW!!!! WE LOVE CAPITAL LETTERS!!!!  IT MAKES OUR TWEETS SEEM MORE AUTHORITATIVE. @EmmaAnnWee
imagine that if u will lol
and the Russians  ...did not help.
Since she is the mastermind of Lybia, no surprise there.
How many deaths & she is not president yet?

BY EVERYONE WITH A BROKEN CAPS LOCK KEY
says the Bi Polar, delusional, temperament of an 8th grader Republican nominee with no policies at all!!
VP Debate was take down of Hillary with Kaine as the rude spectator. If U use Pence "ignore insult& pivot" U CLOSE THE DEAL
I CANT HEAR U PLS USE A BIGGER FONT

#bringbackbernie
Boo Boo Kaine and Hillary
Osama bin Ladin, gone. ISIS next.
TRUMP WILL DRESS SYRIA UP IN DRAG AND SEXUALLY ASSAULT IT:
IT was because @HillaryClinton didn't want to alienate black voters, that she let @POTUS ruin Syria.
#OTrumpPantsOnFire The war in Syria began as an uprising against Assad’s regime & wasn't the result of any US policy.
LETS HEAR YOUR POLICY AND DONT GIVE US SHIT ABOUT KEEPING IT A SECRET. YOU DO NOT HAVE ONE.
Independent journalist@VanessaBeeley exposed white helmet propaganda+the real Syria Civil Defense in Aleppo
if Hillary was broke when she left the White House, how does she have so much money now? Where is putting children ahead?
She is a failure all over. For someone to say they grew up poor? I saw her childhood home! He father owned his company.
your plan let me quote "go in and keep their oil and murder their families" international war crimes yes folks Trumps plan
- NO ONE has a worse, failed 'legacy' than you. That is how it will ALWAYS be, no matter what happens in the future.
Clinton can't keep her husband !! How she keeps America !!?? :)-
How do you know?
Syria's biggest problem is who you deeply admire: one Vladimir Putin
Hillary Clinton is a Class A...
Not just FAILURE is 1000s+ dead MILLIONS displaced ALL against advice, STAY AFTER Iran $ tie ISIS/Middle East implosion.
@ajamubaraka on Syria: “The Pentagon undermined the ceasefire agreement… when they attacked the Syrian Army & killed 62 of
You have no strategy. No policy. Pence couldn't even explain it and contradicted himself because it doesn't exist.
is best person
BY WHOM? YOU? SERIOUSLY, SOMETIMES YOU JUST MAKE ME LAUGH. YOU ARE SUCH A HOPELESS LOSER.
@slava381977 The war in Syria is a lie. Just like many of the other nations destroyed.
After you release your taxes.
and so have many of your business attempts
said the entitled bigot draft dodger... lmfao  like u have a fkg right to say anything about Clinton and War.

Why is it just you and your Deplorable Gullible Fools that believe your crap and that is what it is.  DJT BULL CRAP.
@GeorgiaForTrump ...in a Donald Trump press release
well you always say better to fail than not tried. You would have used it as a tax write off.
Exactly
.....
L O S E R
Go Donald Go! Fantastic job, mike pence! love you both, you gotta win,, Im praying for you!
When you write in capitals you believe your point is weak on its own and needs emphasis to make it sound good.
Donald Trump is judged a failure at everything except self-promotion - at that he is a master.
#SaysWho?
this is partially why: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01HSSZ23G/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_dp_k9aJxb3XHCK3Z … #VPDebate

http://www.globalresearch.ca/obamas-gun-running-operation-weapons-and-support-for-islamic-terrorists-in-syria-and-iraq-the-objective-was-to-create-constructive-chaos-and-redraw-the-map-of-the-middle-east/5450832 …
#CrookedHillary partying with her ISIS buddies in Libya….
http://www.globalresearch.ca/u-s-general-we-helped-build-isis-islamic-state-obtained-weapons-from-u-s-consulate-in-benghazi-libya/5399141 …
As a lifetime republican I wish Mike Penze would have been our choice for president! This is presidential demeanor!
Please Mr. Trump!  Let me get you the psychiatric care you clearly need!!  You are in desperate need of professional help!
Better to elect even a bad media-strawman Trump than four more years of another Chump.
you just keep shouting.
Space race won by a country whose leader now runs around blubbering on the podium every time a few people get shot.
And Pence suggested the way to end it was to start a war with Russia. Is that the new plan to relieve you of your debts?
Cancel the Twitter account. Not helping.
Refugees streaming from places that got out of hand when someone can't cash red lines with action he writes with his mouth
Hillary's "Russian Reset" set Putin up to take Crimea, defend Syria, bond with Iran and make Obama look like an idiot!
Syrian believes ISIS has grown during Obama time as result of his "inaction approach" in Syria
loved tonight's debate, showed a clown & leader, great choice with Pence
which created a domino effect of destruction everywhere!
@realAngeloGomez Donald, from here on out campaign only with Mike Pence, and refuse the two other debates
YU IDIOT! She didn't started war. War in Syria began as uprising against Assad’s regime & was not result of any US policy
Hillary's Syria policy is what reconstituted Islamic State of Iraq into ISIS. It held ZERO terrain in 2008. Look at it now!
u mean like how you have been judged a failure? Lost a billion dollars in 1 yr?? #TrumpScrewsAmerica 0 support
#ImWithHer
Trump look at the PBS doctrinally on how the US got into what they call American Umpires how it got after WW2 need to see
Why are you typing in caps, grandpa?
almost 1,000,000,000 loss in one year?  Sweet Jesus!  Please tell me Trump U is open for failure!
as was....how many of your "business" ventures have gone under?   Oh, wait....,actual financial docs don't count, right!?
and Donald's policy is........??
Sounds like Pence is saying exactly what Clinton wants to do.
and your flailing campaign is judged a huge failure. Quite BIGLY
Obama caused the anarchy when his empty threat of "Assad must go" caused a power vacuum.
I love governor Pence. He won big.
Clinton had no failing policy. She proposes safe zone for the families being killed. Against that too?

JEDI MIND TRICK
agree and still failing
why won't u both take the kids gloves off an go after Hillary and her puppet Expose them 4 who they R. The crooked Clintons
You're quoting your own page! Guess you can't find a credible source that agrees with you.
What is your policy in #Yemen? US bombs are killing thousands of children. Citizens are starving to death. Genocide at work
all anyone has 2ask her advice &do opposite she is looser
$916,000,000 is failure
u are judged a failure. Ur the one that hasn't been able to keep his mouth shut for the last eight or nine days. Loser!
HRC WILL CONTINUE THIS NARRATIVE AT DEBATES SHE BRINGS UP TAXES. HC USED SAME TATIC IN 2015 700K LOSS NOT 2 PAY TAXES
WTF???  Who is in charge of okaying these obviously anti-Trump debate moderators???  Anyone?
Get used to it. ALL are. 
This is the MSM vs the people
sadly agree bro.
And yet, our guys are kicking ass!
Feeling the need to CONVINCE YOURSELF DONNY?
no worries Mr Trump none of your supporters will move a muscle in another direction.Trump all the way.
pence for pres 2024
only cause your bottom, Putin, is working for the other side
are you talking to Mike????
Right now????  Justvturned on CBS andcsaw Pence on his phone..it has to be you, Mr Trump.
Funny
ummm she doesn't remember that time in life and all her peeps take the 5th must've been a hell of a party
pence finished up strong Economics trump strongest point.
: The tweets of a msn who desperately craves the spotlight 24/7. Cn't even let his VP hv a night. #VPDebate
thought moderator interrupted pence more gave Kaine time to speak. Kaine rehearsed . Best. Oh u worked on that .
according to @timkaine and @HillaryClinton Terrorism is a myth ... PARIS, ORLANDO, ORANGE COUNTY, IRAQ, SYRIA, ISIS, ...
did I hear right? Tim Kaine said it's against America's values Not to let in refugees EVEN if they are dangerous??!!
pls rise to the occasion & win the next debate! We want to love and believe in u pls show us the president we need u 2 be
U kiss Putin's rump
flailing or failing??
Speaking of failures and debate, your up again Sunday night.
you can't even find Syria on a map.
I thought your '95 tax returns indicated failure, though....
just like a lot of your businesses.
CROOKED HILLARY IS A DANGEROUS CORRUPT! HAS NEVER OR WILL NEVER BRING STRENGTH THAT MR.TRUMP/MR.MIKE PENCE WILL BRING
Mr. Trump my wife and I served in the Air Force to preserve our Constitution, BOR and way of life you must win!
I'm proud of Mike Pence
if Kaine was running against Pence for president the polls would be 2 votes for Kaine and 100,000,000 for Pence
can you imagine that your running mate could not defend your actions?
@mike_pence I like Pence. Great job sir. I was on the fence as an American of Hispanic decent. I no longer am.

#NeverHillary #MakeAmericaGreat #ClintonScandals #ClintonFoundation
#taxreturnsdummy
Everything she does is a failure, except to lie.
I TOO TYPE IN ALL CAPS TO SEEM IMPORTANT
Your flailing campaign is a failure and joke.
Your flailing brain also declared a failure!
kind of like a lot of your businesses.
Do all caps mean your shouting.
So, can anyone name one success of HRC while Senator & Sec of State?  -No H
