Talk about stepping into shit.  You lost it today, Donnie Hairspray.  Pack up and go home.  You are so over.
Obama needs to apologize the United States for the mockery he's made of our country
CORRECTION. u r going to Trump "presidential" Hotel. The very reason u r running for PoUS. all about Brand Name
sorry little hands Donny... No free advertisement today
So embarrassing for you that the stage collapsed in your brand new DC hotel.  Sad, so so sad
you think you can just turn around - change your story - and fix all the hurt your words caused? #Hurts #trumptrain
Hillary showed us how much class she has.. Zero! Trump is America's HERO!
@TheBern16  very poor dont think about global warming they need job they need 15- 20/ hr min wage
This we need
For a commercial and a lie you mean?
major statement? You mean PROMOTING YOUR DAMN HOTEL? YOUR'RE AN Fn LIAR BIGOT MISOGYNIST NARCISSIST PSYCHOTIC SOCIOPATH
Now that you've admitted POTUS is American, which charity will you donate the $5M you promised?
why not the taj mahal? Oh yeah, you laid everybody off.
did you clean the cob webs out your dick or naw
# Thats sad since you were a draft dodger protected by rich daddy
I don't know how you live with yourself! Anything for power even AGAINST YOUR OWN GRAND KIDS, Sick withered old nasty man
Ivanka is trash,You have Pepe leader of antisemites?your own grand kids are not safe, poor kids,they will grow up and see u

Major?? Like you're quitting??
Best of luck with your speech

uh oh
you will be lying !
I hope you're dropping out.


. I heard it's a beautiful place, pls make sure it don't fold like Taj Mahal. You can use campaign money to pay interest.
Can't wait Mr. Trump!!! We love you

you think you have it bad now? Wait till trump becomes POTUS
can you pick me up on the way - I dont want to miss this.
Donald, are you anti-semitic?
#WTF Nathan are you Anti American?
R u pro-rape culture? #Trump has charges pending in federal court for rape. R u a rapist too?
wasnt bill accused of rape like 10 times? If it's not true for Bill not true for Trump!
That's the stupidest argument I've heard from a #TrumpTroll yet. Thanks for making my day!
how you going to say something about Trump and rape charges & dbl standard killarys hubby and all his shit?

HRC NEVER HAD PNUEMONIA A BIG LIE LOCK HER UP
if u say Hillary started the birther & don't take responsibility your campaign is over as far as the black vote Deplorable
How much will you charge the GOP to use your own hotel. Money back in your pocket. Given up the Birther hoax yet?
You said you had proof that @POTUS was not born in the US. WTF?
Mic Drop!!!!!
"I have decided to let you all in on the joke. No, of COURSE I don't want to be president." Only major statement possible.
how about you bring you products from  overseas and make in America you hack
Goody! Goody! Goody! Gonna divorce Melania, give yourself a dispensation & marry #Ivanka! Ewwwww!
Are you just going there to poop?
Now we get to see the birth of the "Liar Movement."
Hillary traveled more all over the world as Sec of State more than any other SOS. Trump flies home every day.
- Goes to show - she Places "No Value" on Family - Not her Own OR AnyOne Else's

- if Dems were serious re Winning - they would've endorsed Sanders instead of Scandal Plagued Clinton
Scandal is criminal charges pending for rape, among other unsavory legal battles & relationships of your candidate.
- Jill Stein is Preferred Overall after Sanders conceded his Run - but Dems support of Clinton guarantees Trump
running for president is just another way for you to #trumpup publicity for your own business isn't it? LOL

Hypocrite. Pure and simple. Opportunist. Pure and simple. Simple-minded. Period. @HillaryClinton
another big statement full of lies. Trump is just plain out DISHONEST
you're pregnant?
how much money from your fake charities and your donors did you use?
Isn't it telling Hillary supporters don't talk policy?  They only talk anti-Trump
your a candidate doesn't even talk policy, get real.
Your profile says you are overly taxed, yet you support candidate who will raise taxes...
well Paul, I'm not rich but I am well taken care of. Trump plan only helps the rich, so y would I support him?
two words: honest, ethical.
....let's ask the #CentralPark5 if he's honest & ethical...
You're pulling out? Please?
your dad should have pulled out.
I'm assuming your childish taunt was directed to @realDonaldTrump's father.
no. You.

If you follow the hashtag #TrumpIsARapist you'll see it's still on.  I believe his trial date is 10/14/16.
Wait ...You just said it was ALREADY thrown out! >>> @GOP_Left_Me <<< Which makes you a LIAR! Yuge surprise! @JulieForHer @fwdcrocblu
https://twitter.com/skb_sara/status/786306997260062720 … Liberals are so desperate
No DNA, police report or evidence. Statue of limitations has passed. 

What's disgusting is the negligence of Hillary that led to his death plus 3 others!
8 investigations into Benghazi, no wrongdoing for Hillary, and yet you keep beating that horse
No wrong doing? It was proven she lied and covered it up. Plus that they asked for help
No wrong doing. No charges. 8 investigations.  Get over it.
She did not lie, there were no charges, no evidence of wrongdoing.
Lying to America unfortunately is not a crime...Blamed video. Was not video.
winner
way to self advertise. Did it boost your occupancy at all?
.@realDonaldTrump does that mean you are going to show us your tax returns. Or just more BS and tax cheating.
I think you many be an idiot. I mean that seriously. Or are you playing to people's emotions?
TAX RETURNS. RELEASE THEM. LIAR LITTLE BIGMAN
Nobody mentioned Hillary. You're beating your chest to the wrong argument.
Again, you're promoting your own agenda whilst avoiding the question you replied to. Moron much?
whats more important being president or running hotels?
how is it international when you don't like people who aren't citizens and can't do anything for you?
I dream that everyone will see how quickly Trump curls up when rightfully challenged:
and how soon Hillary will collapse  in a debate?
You really think Trump will even show up?
When will Hillary Rotten Clinton release all those deleted emails.
#sociopath #Narcissist #fuckoff
The tweet that will live in media infamy.
https://www.hillaryclinton.com/feed/things-donald-trump-has-said-and-done-that-in-a-normal-election-would-disqualify-a-nominee/?utm_medium=social&utm_source=tw&utm_campaign=20160917feed_126things …
Delete your account

because that's was your main goal. Your hotel. Not a major statement of lies. #ownit
is the major statement that your releasing your tax returns?

awesome! My brother and I dropped off pamphlets for you to soft voters in his precinct today! Walking the walk!!!
good luck I am with you
No, you spent all but 33 seconds talking about your damn hotel.
nice major statement. You should have just said "I am stupid, a liar, a fraud, and a hypocrite. Thanks for your support"
Is the statement that you have to file bankruptcy already?  It is only a matter of time.
thanks for clearing up that hrc birther scam, hero, how can anybody vote for this clown con artist? Really?
I'm sorry, but THE ONLY way Republicans are going to win is if Clinton is charged with illegal use of her personal server!
Thanks for letting us know Donald. Nothing quite like christening brand new porcelain is there?!
how many contractors you stiff there!
One of those men on stage was big in the Birther movement. Choosing HIM specifically is another FU to Americans.
happy independence day mex
Hey you got a new hotel,Wow !
He is a conartist.
your a fraud using this press release as sales pitch,  when will you act with integrity.  Did you donate the 5 million?
The Rush Limbaugh show going great monday morning
You're brands are tanking. Finding you stuff on the clearance racks. Ahahaha
you are really are a French fry short of a happy meal.  You are being played now.  Hear the beat?  Your game got old today
Advertising for your new hotel paid for by campaign dollars donated by your deplorables - you are evil
Ha ha....the press deleted thier footage of your dumpy hotel. Try again loser
http://www.breitbart.com/big-journalism/2015/09/26/washington-post-confirms-hillary-clinton-started-the-birther-movement/ …
30 seconds 3 sentences major statement not enough. Go round the daily shows as you started
yes the major statement is that the new trump Toronto hotel has a $200 million debt default
Disgraceful that CNN didn't think this was worth covering for the war heroes: only wanted your statement re: Obama.
major statement? More like free promo for your new hotel.
"MAJOR" statement an advertisement for his hotel....and two seconds oh ya Obama was born here and look at my hotel
that was big league!!! Loved watching it from Los Angeles CA  go Donald!! 
I http://am.now  going to take a crap.
That always makes me think of you.
Mr Trump, this issue with birther views is racist belongs in the toilet. Clinton owes the American a apology for her lies.
.@realDonaldTrump it took you 5 years to figure out POTUS is American? A President doesn't have 5 years to waste & wander in confusion. Sad!
You mean Mr Trump, you are doing an ad for your ongoing and BAD reality show  Disgusting display as always
your major announcement showed complete lack of integrity and courage.
go trump!!!!
you were awesome Trump! You know they are scared, look at all these people attacking you! #MAGA #TrumpPence #TrumpTrain 
Don't get caught up with Dirty Harry.  His skin will fall off in your hands.

i want to come too.
Oh, you'd come alright…
another pile of Bullcrap building it with all that borrowed cash was the same as a tour of duty in Vietnam was it ?get help
no one cares about another one of your hotels
IF YOU WERE HALF THE MAN PRESIDENT OBAMA IS YOU WOULD HAVE COME OUR TODAY AS A MAN AND SAID WHAT YOU WERE WRONG ABOUT?
hurry home. or you could come here, if you want to visit.
A rule though,since I ain't married we couldn't be inside alone.We could go to the gym?You could be my coach a few hours.
please that dump... I wouldn't stay in your hotels if it was the last place on Earth that had a room..
Awesome job with the media today! They deserve everything they get! They are dishonest and crooked like Hillary!! LMAO
And fell flat on your face....
http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/09/18/nyregion/donald-trump-tax-breaks-real-estate.html?referer=https://www.google.com/ …
You mean the "major announcement" that President Obama WAS born in the USA?  Smart people already knew that.
how much you can feel your campaign fund for that event you f****** con man
Ur presentation was genius! We commend U, Killary looks like the fool she is! So does her media! It backfired on her, ha!
Do you know what happens before fascists take over? SUPRESSION OF PRESS and FREE SPEECH. You INVITE people to your rallies.
ur dad was a KKK member? Explains why you are a bigot.
#AmericaLovesTrump
BE A MAN TRUMP! YOU FINALLY SAID PRESIDENT OBAMA IS AMERICAN AND WE ARE SUPPOSE TO JUST LET IT GO? NO WAY THIS GO AWAY
Have any tiles fallen off yet?Do not stand to close to it.
If the country fell to ISIS, he'd don a black cap. Without a doubt.
LOL clown.
May your new hotel go bankrupt, and soon.
Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems

 @realDonaldTrump @patrioticpepe
Couldn't even take questions this morning...why? what you scared of?
that's not going away. #apologizetoPrezObama & #releasetaxreturns u lying racist.
SHOW UR TAXES U ARE HIDING SOMETHING SHOW UR TAXES.
This is the plan of a Trump Presidency. America, wake up.
Another lie...
May your Trump Resorts/Hotels & brand continue to falter  #RacistTrump #Birtherism
how about a statement that you're f.....g incompetent &a a lying racist thief?
Mr. Trump, I am so sick of the way the media is treating you and your family.  We HAVE to win this!!! 
Congrats on new hotel opening. My restaurant was there on first floor during Old Post office pavilion "Harvey's restaurant"
You will bankrupt it, if you were to win you should not profit off of a US Post Office Historical Bldg. Shady conflict.....
GOOD JOB!  OUTSMARTING THE MEDIA!
the media was set up by you. This shows all you are in this race to benefit yourself
I've supports u since the beginning. Glad ur listening to constructive criticism to hone ur talents. Keep it up1
YOUR BUSINESS AND SOCIAL ASSOCIATIONS WITH 'PEOPLE' SUCH AS ROY COHN, ROGER AILES, MR. O'BANNON, AND ROGER STONE ARE CLEAR!
Media and left are just butt hurt that Trump controlled the outcome today. It's NOT an issue to either side.
You're a money-grubbing, bigoted orangutan.
Ah, Trump hotel...where the bedsheets and towels are all made in China.
You consider it major that you finally told the truth about @POTUS being born in Hawaii? #birtherism #LoserDonald
lies! You are the king of liars! You look like Satan's minion! #NeverTrump!
stay there for about 8 years! Go away
your major statement "I was lying. I knew #Obama was born in Hawaii, it was 2 easy 2 stir up hater's, I just couldn't stop"
praying for you
Why is everything in your hotel MADE IN CHINA?  Everything from bed linens to bathrobes to furniture.  #Hypocrite
You just made your own supporters puke using a speech to promote hotel and your people to boost you sicking
promise to get rid of old views and start with new views. Young people don't care about the old people views any more.
Good that you said O is American.  They will keep churning this so don't take the bait!!!!
Brilliant and hilarious what you did to the press today. 
don't fall for any interview on the birther issue. Hillary started it in 2007. Now continue your mission. Victory is ours
Your hotel looks like shit...like your hair!
Unless you are announcing you are quitting, it's not going to be very major.  #DeplorableDon
You're going to tell us how great you are again?
I saw a promo for that hotel on TV today. Then some retired military showed up. Couldn't hear what you said about Obama.
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_57dc1f9fe4b0071a6e070538 …?
Why would any decent person want to stay in a Trump hotel?
Plus the whole place is bugged, how much you want to bet. 
