Pot calling the Kettle Black Let's C your Personal/Charities Taxes THEN we can SEE REAL DISHONESTY #NarcicistTrump
his taxes would that change your pocket his is full yours?   Let him work maybe you could fill up
U need to follow& be followed by more than 6 people 4 anyone to listen to you Susana#FakeAccountReported Bye
I hear myself!! Means more then any people
shut up get a job
Maybe I'll Take your job what are you a Solitaire Dealer?
your sentence will never match my qualifications!!' God bless
Well your pic is Beautiful Luv fighting with a Fake Account! Easy2 hide & tell people to shut up! U can't B that Professional

his the best president this country will ever have again
Why would anyone "qoute" you?
why
I can't believe you're the right person to decide when "the world comes to its senses". How would you know?
looks like he does his the president
"looks like he does his the president" Ahem. Last I checked he's not president of the world
Bullshit. You're a threat to all of humanity, not just America and what it stands for. #resist
As a teacher, I expect the POTUS to be grammatically correct in speech and writing. You, sir, need a proofreader.
haters
@Ptarrago212 @NBCNews your doing a great job!! Go Trump!!!
Your hair is in the wind...lol 
STOP TWEETING ABOUT NUKES YOU IRRESPONSIBLE TWIT. #NotPresidential #NotMyPresident
So Molly you weren't in on ANY WH briefs but u know more than PEOTUS??  Nice try...
if you can't see why peotus shouldn't tweet about nukes, you're a twit.
Thanks, she blocked me from telling her she's a twit. ;-)
Literally every word you communicate betrays the tragic stupidity of the electorate.  #resist
just a small alternative fact.  Don't worry about "fake" news.
LEAVE SUCH TWEETS TO KELLYANNE
SHE IS GRACIOUS IN BARKING BACK
AND SHE SMILES WHILE DOI G IT
Feel free to use as needed...Sure there'll be plenty of opportunities.
#TrumpCantSpell #DontBeDumb #MinorityLeader
For God's sake, use the freaking spell check! We already know you're IGNORANT, no need to keep proving it!
How do you know he wrote it you Kumquat ?!? Killery said it best !!!
No one knows more about spelling than I do!!!!!
Maybe you need to come to your senses you dope
Um, don't want to nitpick but, first, it is "quote" and second, you are president now so check before you hit send
And third, every time you talk about "nukes" you are freaking us out, ok?
Biased media is NOT journalism!
@EvilGnome6 @NBCNews
a very significant qualification
thank you  for  saving America
Part of world coming to it's senses would be the POTUS not advocating nuclear proliferation.
Meaningless quote to omit.
Any statement regarding nuclear weapons as President-elect on Twitter is threatening no matter how you wrote it.
So increasing nuclear arms will help the world to come to its senses? Mistaken!
Ah, this is a middle-school error: you MUST proofread. What do typos do to your credibility? See: qoute, above.
it sounds less stupid without that sentence
'Qoute'?? Why do you insist on ignoring spellcheck?
Don't you think tweeting thoughts on nuclear anything is irresponsible?  Some topics need to be excluded from Twitter!!!

NEVER USE NUKES. Muh Precedent.
you say so much f ing crap it is hard to keep up
Mr Presendent thy can't get over you your the greatis
Your nuclear quote! There you go againYour knowledge of nuclear program couldn't fill the back of a postage stamp.
Anna Navarro of CNN has the ultimate assessment (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEAOYgzB_1Q …) of Trump.The world should see this daily
What irony !Trump,the lying perverted sexual predator wanting honesty and sensibility from the world! God help us
*NBC = Fake News* Where is Brian Williams when you need him?
No more so then you!
Stop it Donald!
@NBCNewsTrump believes @infowars & @wikileaks & Putin over @CIA &@FBI . He is either Traitor or Mentally unfit.#Putinpuppet
Keep up the good fight
love seeing all these #triggered libs tweets. Lol
lying media! They delete and twist words!
They actually left that part of the quote in but sir please meet with us right away. We have to explain the DEFCON system.
That's a lie.  The MSN is careful to always show your tweets in entirety. #TrumpLeaks
DRAIN the CORRUPT media SWAMP & the rest of the poltcl deep corruption of national & internat'l crooks & cronies
they always do....
no body can stay away of your decision till he/she reach your decision (insight by http://commun.it )
i aim ..this year is going to be better than before............. (insight by http://commun.it )
I don't think it makes any difference. We have enough nukes to destroy the earth. What's a few more matter?
Mr. President trump, ( I luv sound ofSSthat), please don't let congress mess w/o Medicare R SS. Luv Ur family!
That's spelled "quote." Your tweets unpresidential (remember that?) and divisive. Please employ a spell-checker.
You are the dishonest one. Countdown to impeachment and imprisonment!
I hope the media continues to expose the truth in your being unfit to be president

just like your daddy was too you... So sad
@lawbarrett55 @NBCNews lighten up on spelling mistakes people.
http://www.learnprogress.org/trump-paying-1-per-hour/ …

I am not comfortable with Trump's finger on the nuclear trigger.  How to describe it?  

https://twitter.com/T_Bone_Capone/status/811149583640313856 …
Your one dangerous SOB
stop talking to MSM!
Thank you for keeping us informed!
Love you President Trump. We boy cut Paid Media and you can tell us what you want via twitter. Dishonest Media .
You still invited a nuclear arms race to begin! #idiot #yourfired
fuck the msm bud
IMPEACH.  IMPEACH he is no good.HE is a DICTATOR!! Move to Russia, you belong there.
They have been right from the start They think we are stupid wrong !!!!
they were your twitter words.. Not NBC...nice try though. Just here to keep you honest. Big job...but I'm ready!!
Sadly to say it's the Editors we have to schmooze---------
statements within 24hrs of each other
Wish we had him in Canada,would gladly trade Donald for that twerp we have
We have too many enemies.
The world is actually praying you might have some common sense.  Not so promising so far.

you never said that, we the ppl know, all u do is lie
Very unfortunately a man with a brain of a chicken becoming President of America, thanks God we have legislative.
HOW does expanding nuclear programs make things better? Only need to blow us up once. Together we can blow it 10!
The media is so corrupt. All u were saying is STRENGTH is a tremendous deterrent. Media is anti American like libs
Define, Senses?
Qoute. Amazing.
Pres. Elect Trump is the only hope to expose the deceptive, dishonest, and corrupt media. Truth will prevail.
I hope the liberal anti Christian degenerative lies in the media are the first part of the swamp you drain. I  U!
nbc news is corrupt along with cnn and others but theyre the worse
Either way? Pretty unhealthy thing to say–both short and long quotes sound like you are anti-nuclear-disarmament.
life isn't fair. Please learn to deal with this before becoming president. Thanks.
YIkes!!!! Too late. So sad...
we heard the re: nukes "until the world comes to its senses". But Hiroshima's enlightenment was a day late. Stop.
No, they didn't. They quoted your entire Tweet. 

Liar. 

Delete your account.
they're taking cues from @BreitbartNews and @FoxNews who do that very thing to Obama daily. Get used to it!!
News media is nothing more than savage liars.
@Midgespeaks @NBCNews Nothing the LAME STREAM  media does surprises me anymore. Keep your TWITTER going Mr Trump..
...or become presidential ...you choose...tweet like a twit or govern like an adult.
Whatever it takes to win and bring pride back to our US soldiers.Not like VietNam Vets are still being "Shamed".
I truly hope that you will have the US to WIN the Iran?Afghanistan war & not disgrace us like VietNam.  PLEASE
What about this quote, little donnie? "We have nukes. Why don't we use them? We have them."
Wind, Water, Sun is the way to go ! No big waste of money in unsafe nuke toxic waste storage !
We should get rid of nuke power plants ! If a solar flare hit, we all would be sitting in the dark !
u said it on Twitter yourself. Stop.
They left out this part of my nuclear quote because they don't know what it means and, frankly, me neither. I'm dishonest!
The Lord is still in charge we need to pray and seek His Guidance. Proverbs 3:5&6
I hope you make America great again and destroy the leaches of our society! Fake news, lies and slander should = prison!
Honest PEOTUS make their taxes public.
No, we totally got what you said Donald. #TrumpLiesAbout nukes
you have nothing better to worry about than NBC.  Focus on bringing any of those trump clothes jobs left made overseas.
Refer to the Speak & Spell Edition of the #MeinDrumpf epic you keep by your bed, next to your dildo
IGNORE THEM ! We do!
Who cares about them
The world knows the power of the nukes. Jesus Christ.
you talk so much out of the side of your mouth who knows what you're saying anymore
Trumpster you spelled "quotes" wrong.
I wish you had sense
the world HAS, only you and your commie buddy HAVE NOT. Grow up #donniesmallhands #taxreturndonnie
which means?
.@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews hey let's expand our ability to infect the planet w a virus that has no cure until world knows it's dangerous.
So...capitalism should work then, right?
Like you purposely left out the part about releasing your tax returns? Dishonest!
Because that made it better... 
they reported it. Doesn't make it any better
dishonest press
we heard the whole speech .... it's still sucks
The media outlets owned by a few ultra rich Global Elites who want you out any way possible. Please be careful!
So, what events will constitute the world "coming to its senses regarding nukes"? Vague and ambiguous
Probably means when everyone has them.
how are you boss
CHECK your spelling....yes, you can err.
Dishonest reporting.  Others pick up on the false news and keep propagating it.  Stay strong.  Jan 20!
"senses regarding nukes" do you mean realizing that nuclear war means end of the world?!??
um, dishonest how? Emphasizing that part makes it sound like You're holding the world hostage...
... this doesn't really make it any better
Donny, use more exclamation points for increased emphasis!!!!!!!!! #TrumpDoesntUnderstandUseOfExclamationPoints
What's your policy re: nuclear triad? Or hasn't RasPutin told you yet? Hint: It's not a radioactive criminal gang.
The rest of your quote makes no sense whatsoever. Scary!
Re: nukes, you can relax. US even without Russia already wins there's no chance anyone will catch up during your term DONE

jiy Joe Gibbs Racing
we already did & that's why we want less of them

clearly a new arms race is the best way to bring the world to its senses about nukes.
it's spelled "quote"
We have come to our senses, which means we need to get rid of them. They will only destroy. They cannot build.
it's quote, my friend. So you are human after all.
doubt it.  TRAITOR
