@PoliticalCow a Trump presidency = fewer jobs and recession #Debates2016
. @anarchistmom @realDonaldTrump we are a consumer economy so if Hillary takes 10% more of my income, how does hat help the economy?
if Donald paid his fair share of taxes that would definitely help the economy :)
that's a total line. If he made $600M and paid 15% - that's $90M to the treasury. Debt is $20,000,000,000,000
every little bit helps! I heard him brag about tax evasion. Maybe he should release his returns
pet of the point of his tax plan - no loophole, and a flat rate. Everyone pays.
um, no. That's incredibly simplistic.
simplest answer is usually the right one...
I wish someone would ask her why refugees get $1700 a month plus housing, tuition, food stamps etc and military
excuse me? Refugees get very little money and for very short time. Nothing to live on.
.@woah_iits_jess @MsSunshineplz @realDonaldTrump excuse me? humans get very little money and for very short time. Nothing to live on.
did they EARN it? Because vets that served 20+ years for country sure shit did #rabbithole
ah yes. Earn. U folks love that word. What do u think about food stamps for children??
disability to start...until then they were told that the 1600 BEFORE taxes was too much
I've worked w vets as well.huge advocate of theirs as well. Infuriating what they get/don't get
sorry firm believer in helping our own that suffer before throwing open the doors and helping
The FBI had to Help the Clintons cover up the Destroying -of TWA & Killing Ron Brown  Help from Connected  Good old Friends
Hillary killed Ron Brown the Pilot Confessed after  20 years on the Anniversary He needed piece.
I have his phone number its an Obama phone its Trey able @TGowdySC I have a witness.
Steve Did not say he threw it out .All Steve said He just Didn't Know Where it was .Steve has multiple Homes.
Steve & Sol Lewitt are the People that make an object priceless They helped with the intelligence of Destroying TWA & WTC
at least she pays taxes.  You'd do better if you promoted you and the rest of the era to pay fair share no loopholes.
@gcamp4 Hillary's economy=crony socialism+globalism
That picture looks like HRC wants another drink
I am sure you are referring to Hillary and her documented racial comments. Research!
They don't get it. Send them to business school.
Men & women often talk trash in private. But to fix this country & stabilize the world we need a man like Trump!
Crosseyed Hillary is getting destroyed in this debate, I think she needs a drink and some pills (her usual) #debatenight
didn't see Hillary taking a drink but saw Trump do plenty of it and even drinking his own snot #trump
who cares what u saw, egg w/ 12 followers? I have almost 1000x the followers u have, let it sink in douche
Hillary Clinton #ReleaseYourEmails
"It's ok, I'll email it to ya." LOL!
how else do we pay for the new airports you propose Donald?  The pork you promise the military industrial complex?
Its Obvious someone approved the Ground Zero Hole.Rothschild was in Charge of that Power.it was turned Over to someoneElse
why do you care you don't pay your taxes to help out vets & America 
Change will happen when we do something different! #NotAnotherPolitician  #VoteTrump
Donald Trump’s tax plan could land America $10 trillion deeper in debt https://www.brookings.edu/opinions/donald-trumps-tax-plan-could-land-america-10-trillion-deeper-in-debt/ … #trumpfacts #trumpbeingtrump
All the Nj taxes we pay and we still aren't safe on our trains going to work!
@ViciTrue  She has to double taxes to give millions of illegals and ISIS Refugees a totally free ride here.

DID YOU FORGET YOUR BOTOX TREATMENT CLINTON? LOOKS REAL BAD
It was Pres. Clinton who signed legislation to lower mortgage down payments that led to subprime debacle. Look it up!
You mean for 8 years after Clinton, republican GW Bush didn't do anything to correct the policy?
Release your tax returns! Then you we will listen.
MORE TAXES LOOKS LIKE YOUVE NEVER PAID TAXES. SMART?  THIEF. UNAMERICAN
We have to Find the Clinton Drug Embargo.Its Guaranteed to send the Clintons to Prison.Steve Said he not Sure wheres it is
MORE TAX RETURNS YOURS SHOW THEM
that ugly face of hers is evil
She has to raise taxes to pay for the progams to buy he votes. Connect the dots people. Nothing in life is free
Why don't you quit?
You don't have a clue, do you?
Hillary is a disgusting person and compulsive liar, a power hungry animal who do anything to line her pockets #NeverHillary
Bill Clinton actually raped wom, JFK had a mistress "Marilyn Monroe" Truman was a cross-dreaaer, yet all were great Pres's.
welll you don't  PAY TAXES sp how does this affect you?
so not paying taxes make you smart you sniffling simpleton!

why do you care, you don't pay any taxes...
Clyde you've lost please exit stage right.
Says the man who pays no taxes?
how would you know trump you never pay taxes theif
Hillary needs more money.  Donate to her web page today! Hooray Hillary.
No she want's YOU to pay more taxes #fuckingliar
@Democrat_4Trump And more money in her pocket!!
a trump economy is Donald figuring out the best way to benefit himself...no taxes paid by him is Trump economy

lock her up
.@realDonaldTrump Sir...you better up your game or lose!!! Friendship goes Out the Window when it means the Life of Our Country!!
She says the wealthy need to pay their fair share What does that mean,100%? All the tax revenue won't pay for the freebies

she doesn't care about anything but her own self, people should know better by now
Sonce you never pay taxes, what the hell does it matter to you?
#CarlBernstein quotes #HRC snapping @ #SlickWillie: You didn’t get elected to do #WallStreet economics. US #debt=19.3 tril?
hahah using this pic is so mean, savage
Whatever it means, it means you won't be my president! #HillaryWon #iRegistered
/ She wants the rich to pay the fair share of taxes that you rich people do not pay. Fair enough! I am with her!
- Our gov't needs to be as efficient as one of your many businesses. I give  half my money now to an inefficient gov't.
@celiaj02 http://thehill.com/homenews/house/90307-hoyer-debt-debate-more-important-than-healthcare … so what happened to  THE DEBT CRISIS in 2010? Obama added  $9Tril.
YOU SUCK SOOOO MUCH BUTT CLINTON IS SOOOO MUCH BETTER SHE WONT START WARS!!!,!

GET WRECKED
sad debate performance. #darthtrump proves he is a fraud and conman
@Trump_World
looks like the Hildebeast!!
: where did you find that photo Donnie?  Lame hatchet job.
@Trump_World More Socialism!
She will complete the circle of building a socialist United States
congress just vusted the Clinton foundation associated with pharmaceutical  for watered down aids drugs sent to africa
your against trade agrmnts but want to cut corp txs so they can "bring their money back" after benefiting from the same...
@lamhbg611 She wants to rule the world.
Proud Mr Donald J Trump won the debate, NCBOOTS TINA WILDS
Proud that you definitely won the debate
more regs and layoffs, more dependency, less freedom.
That's not #CrookedHillary, 23 hrs ago before #debate, she posted this picture of herself 
@realDonaldTrump
Wall Street and Health care and Military corruption complex need more.
well, you did manage to find an unflattering picture. But I saw the naked statues of you and I bet they were quite accurate
Hillary Clinton is a lying pig
she must NOT win !!!
if the other debates are like last night's, adios amigo.
, on the 1%'s because they can afford it, I used to be middle class, unfortunately the middle class is slipping away.
I would like to know the name of the "Independent Analysts" that gave her a better grade than you on your tax plans? LIE #?
#TrumpSniffles How was the cocaine last night, Don? #trumpzanidiot
why were you dazed after 30 minutes. You stopped attacking. Emails, security risk how she lied about emails her foundation
great job on the debate Trump. She is very hard to watch. You are so strong. I couldn't have stood next to here for so long
it's called making up for what republicans didnt do with the war. How else do you get out of debt??
compared to your plan = less taxes, more spending?
She will bankrupt this country for future generations. Financially,emotionally, spiritually.She is extremely bad news.
@ctconnolly56  we don't want socialism  ideas
YES! That's what makes a better economy! You got one right answer! Good little Donnie! Not enough for a D-, though.
So what? At least it's for a good cause! #NoTrumpTrickleDownEconomics @SenWarren @maddow @hardball
can kicked down the road http://films.com  Bill Moyer

Why does not she preaches? How much tax to pay the Clinton Foundation?
@Dianne09314822 I AGREE DONALD! NOW, NO Y R AUDIENCE AND LEARN TO COMMUNICATE ON THEIR LEVEL. MY GOODNESS U R TRAINERS SUCK
She says (ME) this person on SSI is rich.
More disaster, you mean.
@MrEdTrain More programs for cops? She just loves throwing money away. When a cop gives you an order do it. It's that easy.
That is all Hillary wants to do is take money from the poor and middle class.
Nation of high taxes will result in people stealing, working cash jobs, bartering & underground economy.
High taxes have already been tried in Europe where country of Greece had to be bailed out by EU.
Not sure how high taxes suppose to grow the economy when money becomes tight.
Sadly, Hillary's tax plan appears more like "trickle-down", hardship, misery & misfortune for the nation.
Outrageous taxes and Unbridled Spending!
Her brain isn't working right. She's nuts. We need u.
you did a great job last night!! You have my vote commander and chief.
Good picture of her...Not.  But makes me laugh!
CONSIDERING THAT U HAVE CONSISTENTLY MANAGED TO "GAME THE SYSTEM" AND AVOID PAYING ANY TAXES, YOU'RE HARDLY ONE TO TALK!!!!
@mercedesschlapp i pay my taxes..rich repubs should too.
i love it, stick to it. Youll release your taxes when she releases all her emails. Stick to it
On jerks like you, who crap on others by never paying them, move your factories to China and then blame it on everyone else
Clinton says more taxing will create jobs. Why, because she said so! Dems are smarter than reality apparently.
When Democrats say job growth they mean more Government jobs.
you do know that we have access to all election polls? So...I call bullshit.
and less jobs,that bitch wants one world Government just like Obozo
to make herself look good don't have a clue how to bring this country back just more welfare  and despair lies and takes
with all her give sways the bubble will burst. America needs jobs she is not a job person all talk no action she lies ppl
Do not let her get away with not owning up to BENGHAZI in the debates.
@JudgeMoroz if you are #AfricanAmerican  and voting #democrat .. Maybe it's finally time for change!
she will never raise taxes on the rich she's one of them Trump is getting rid of the loopholes the rich use!
they need cash to go to war ...
If we switch to a Resource Based Economy there will be NO taxes for anyone to pay
Rom 13:8NIV Let no debt remain outstanding except/continuing debt/love one another/he who loves his fellowman/fulfilled/law
we AMERICANS HAVE BEEN TAXED ENOUGH WASHINGTON SPENDS MONEY WE MIDDLE CLASS PAY WHY IS THAT MR. DONALD STOP THEM
don't talk about bill clinton  how about you and Marla ? Besides you treat Melania very cold ........
conspiracy ? Poor you !
and a trump economy takes us closer to extinction, but that's none of my business.
We don't need Solyndra 2.0!
will spend as much or more BUT he will also lower taxes raising the deficit through the roof #debatenight
still don't know how @HillaryClinton will grow economy and reduce debt.Trump w lower taxes and re- negotiate trade deals.
A trump economy is more debt and more debt, and death to America. Look at the chaos left by Bush, and we still cleaning up
Im paying 1600 today, and only make 50000, state taxes I owe how much you paid Donald
george soros,seiu better hire some more trolls, these are pathetic,SOS. TROLLS,TRY TOO COME UP WITH SOMETHING NEW FOR A CHG
hillary clinton, more chaos, more PC, more ridiculous claims of global warming.
She loves taking money....
Finally, someone got Hillary's "good" side in an ad. Send this to the top. #MAGA #TRUMPWON #NOIRONY
from Trump who pays no taxes
And under your administration, more taxes,  more spending. And ultimately death. #stupidtrump
Hardly anyone understands that taxes should NEVER be considered revenue for a sovereign gov, but Congress creates no US $$.
She will blow all that on turning our Democracy into a dictatorship.
http://TrumpSaveUsNow.com 
and more lies
----- We need a Business man to fix this mess we are in, hang in there Mr. Trump..
@rharrisonfries Exactly! I'm still paying for my college. I can't afford to pay for someone else's college!
@greg_gmayfield  I believe Clinton was given questions before the debate. She was to scripted.
The Clintons left the WH in debt and broke, this was due to Hillary's economics, we do not need this for America.
where are your tax returns?
shall we need more tax money no
For the rich like you. About time you paid taxes. You paid urself with political donations. Have you no shame.
@WoMoAce Everything she accuses U of, U can turn around on her. IE, hiding something in tax returns? What about her EMAILS?
On taxes, why *are* you so reticent to publish your own return?What's to hide, esp. if u learn little from them as u said?
As an educated tax accountant-your tax plan is the worse n yrs n will cost the middle n lower income more-rich get cuts! NO
not for you, you don't pay them
@realdealdanny Hilary is part of the establishment who have fucked over the American people for years
yes that is right Donald because more taxes allows you to spend more...Economics 101.
Gawd, look at that neck @HillaryClinton

Since #HillaryHealth is declining her weight loss is quite apparent
#SickHillary

@realDonaldTrump
maybe if you paid taxes others would not pay so much...#fraud.  Pay the 25 million you stole from nj. #lockhimup!
Yes she does....but only on you and your rich cronies.
she is a evil lying killer !
I'm sure she, Bill, & Chelsea are all "tax free" for the rest of their lives.
RIGHT, YES INDEED, EXACTLY, ABSOLUTELY!!....#MAGA!!!....TRUMP-PENCE 2016!!!!
Where are your taxes?
hey she took time to look presidential she would look better if she put a couple puffy balls on and red nose, red wig clown
hillary lost $6B@ SSOTUS.  Now, she needs $2T in new taxes to support her wonderful eco plan. She learned well from Bill.
hey she talked about going to 125 country's how much money you think she made on those selfintrest deals what a disgrace
hey is that tax money she is talking about is that for her foundation or the American people or is it to pay AG stop jail
that's we all need more taxes,,, HRC knows how to hide hers
I CANNOT AFFORD NO MORE TAXES PLEASE LIBERALS WAKE UP
that's one ugly woman

VERY good debate report on BBC Radio 2 news over here which favoured you - a big change!
.@realDonaldTrump High taxes/low taxes - #banksters get their pound of flesh either way.
#inflationtax
nice try
Her tax plan supports a strong middle class - yours destroys the middle class and supports the wealthy.
again you wouldnt raise the taxes?
How did her face get so puffy?
at least she Pays her taxes!! Have you??
@HillaryClinton until you show us your taxes, shut up about taxes. #HypocriteTrump
