Hahahahahaha! I see hey left you alone with your phone #AmnestyDon!
delusional
trump would be great president. There is no doubt in my mind.
is a delusional. November reality check fast approaching for Drumpf.
your living in a fantasy world. Polls show you only carry 1% of AA. Won't go up like you think.
They want food $tamps n C@$h @id nigga
apparently you have delusions in addition to your other afflictions; racist, bigot, poser, credit risk, bad judgment, etc..
You can’t always get what you want although you might find you get what you need, and it’s not getting Trumped.
Why would they want to after all your years of racism and bigotry? http://www.vox.com/2016/7/25/12270880/donald-trump-racism-history?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=article%253Afixed&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
Trump wants to encourage lynchings
This is an "old Jedi mind trick."
... nada....the real Trumpette showed his true colors  (pun intended)....early in the primaries...
no shit? It seems she has greater than 90% of their vote leaving u with 10 or less? Hmmmm. Think about it!
God Bless Mr Trump
oh for chrissakes!   What the hell are you on???????


fuck that. Read up on it.
aren't you becoming your oppressors by doing this
Nope.  Not at all.
Or would you claim that the founding fathers merely recreated the British monarchy?
Gandhi, non-violent protest, the glorious revolution. There is other ways
Ghandi. 
So the complete white washing of 
1. Massive violent protests in India in tandem with the non violent
Is Ben Carson voting for every African American?
.@realDonaldTrump When you started your campaign you declared you wouldn't invoke Identity politics.  Now that is ALL you are doing
I think you're confusing them with your white supremacist supporters.
he is not racist, what is wrong with people!!!! Can't believe anyone thinks hillary is a better choice.
At Least 110 #Republican Leaders Won’t Vote for Trump.They Reached Their Breaking Point. http://nyti.ms/2bZv1jY 
delusional
All #AmericaFirst for once!
We are ONE #USA
#VoteTrump
#TrumpPence16
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@realDonaldTrump Because I have a history of helping all blacks and no history of discrimination, right? Hahaha
@TheFakeTrump @realDonaldTrump
who is ice cube ?  Baaaaa! Shit head!
naww we don't we hate HATE you ....
they are seeing the truth for their selves! WITH TRUMP EVEN BLACK LIVES MATTER! TO HIM!! YES TRUMP!!!! GO TRUMP! GO TRUMP!!
Bahahaha.
@DitoDC @realDonaldTrump
Not when they see this.
racist
and no tax returns
@richal13 @JPBoutros @realDonaldTrump
Do they now?  So you can deny them housing?
You're not a good person
@653toMidnight @realDonaldTrump
@JohnNew2015 @realDonaldTrump
Democrats will never help the Blacks Latino's,Asians,there all for themselves.Everyone's chance to change for the better.
I was wrong about that last @realDonaldTrump Tweet being dumbest ever. Just wait a while & he Tweets one dumber.
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
You would know. You're the most dumb and low IQ'd fool ever. Just proves that Trump is getting under you'll skin.
.@nambety1 Actually, I’ll give you credit. You can do dumber Tweets than even @realdonaldtrump.
All this negative reaction from the dems just proves how fearful they are that blacks are waking up. Deja vu: Slavery.
Surgeon my ass. And tomorrow you'll be an Astronaut! (smbdy call the kook wagon).
verified account of David Gorski, MD, PhD, a well-known surgical oncologist and researcher.
I thought he was a Proctologist.
He meant Butt Light
You're polling 5% with African-Americans.
Wrong 1%.
Trump is just telling the truth, not bullying in my book. #SaveTheConstitution
Everything he says in rally and on website.
we're for you, Donald!! Our country under Hillary would fold within her four years if she gets in.
actually.. we're good over here fam...
every time he refers to "The African-Americans" he automatically links it to the inner-cities... 
WHAT Nonsense is THIS Lil' Donny? This is when our Nation needs A PRESIDENT - not a  SPOILED, BRATTY CAMPAIGNER! HELP TEXAS!!#Harvey2017
@realDonaldTrump
awesome!
WE can tell when YOU are tweeting YOUR material. WE want healthcare. WE want democracy protected from RUSSIANS and YOU supressing OUR votes!
For generations no political party has wanted to attack poverty at its roots and allow the poor a way OUT.
until now, with @realDonaldTrump
& how will he do this? Raise the minimum wage-More $$ to public education-better housing-doubtful!
That's rich - coming from an individual who supports the ultimate one:
I think he meant Saenger NOT KILLARY. DUH
you're literally polling like 1 percent among African Americans so I don't think they want you.
You might be the whitest guilty liberal yet.
lol bye
Guilty bright white liberal.
you're just mad because you know you desperately need the black vote and you won't get it
actually, any blacks leaving the DNC is bad news for Hillary.
okay any republicans (a lot have) at all is awful need for trump
and keep in mind Hillary on average leads Trump by about 3 points.
NO WE F'N DONT... TRUMP IS THE DUMBEST ON THE PLANET.. WE ARE AND WILL REMAIN NEVER TRUMP.. #NOT MY PRESIDENT #MAGA

She is a hugely incompetent moron.

Here's my latest: The Trump Train music video. Get on board! #MAGA #ChooChoo  
Axl, What has #RacistTrump done for the VETS? NOTHING!! the money he HAD TO DONATE because the press made him
no one wants #DonTheCon but racist, sexist, egotistical, lying, hypocritical bigot living KKK white supremacists
I'm glad u only speak for yourself. .
No Donald, no they don't. You're still at 2% support. Stop making shit up.
get some followers, wash your face, have some dinner, and try that again.
lol sure they do pal
July 13th
lol my friend if you think one can go from "zero" to "meaningful integer" in 5 months I have a bridge for you
And yet it happens all the time in presidential elections.
No it doesn't. He's still getting crushed.
Keep telling yourself that.
do you even have any idea how badly he's gonna get owned. historically, legendarily owned
& you're still polling @1% w/African Americans. U think a couple o/tweets will reverse ur decades long bigotry. NOT2BRITE
nah. Id rather have gary than either
- Sez who?
There is one thing about you Donald J Trump, your bringing all the racist, bigots to the forefront, good job!
Demos promise but don't deliver-they can promise again to get votes next time with more promises. You need a big quote.
not so much
blacks and latinos been played for fools for last 7 1/2 years wake up. vote trump
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/nov/23/donald-trump/trump-tweet-blacks-white-homicide-victims/ …
keep banging that drum. Ain't workin fool
Bring on the Brown Shirts!! What do you have to lose??
yea boy you smoking good dope.

#Terrible job.
@greentacos4me NO WE DON't. We see right thru his lies & rhetoric. Nothing he says rings true.A wolf in sheep's clothing.
how do you explain polling at 1%? Is this false advertising?
No they don't.
I've been curious for a long time now, are you on crack?
You're delusional and lying to your supporters.   The highest I've ever seen you poll with blacks is 8%.  It's lower now.
Do they? That seems unlikely.
no AA are seeing u for the CON U R

no person or color want Trump except the "uncle Toms"
No. No, they really, really, REALLY don't want you. Nobody wants you. #NobodyWantsYouDonald
Tell it like it is,just say Iam not black but I want the chance to make life better for blacks.Dems have done nothing for U
Racist Donald Trump Actually Has The NERVE To Speak About March On Washington Anniversary (TWEET)
you are truly delusional, if it's true what you say about African Americans (you're not) I'm not one of them
https://www.amazon.com/Making-Donald-Trump-David-Johnston/dp/1612196322 …
GREAT BOOK
HISTORY OF TRUMP RACISM RACIST DAD STOP BLACK RENTERS SCAMS LOST COURT CASES CRIMES
#SoYouSay
lairs never prosper.
Stop it. No they don't.
I hope they do. They will be happier and safer. They won't do better if Hillary gets it. It will stay the same with her.
yes, they want you on the outside barbaque where they can hear you roast.
see you at the voting booth, bozo
@LouDobbs so why dosent your wife campaign with you? Or has she been upset by your softening too.
Sure, dream on!

- Yup, you got it...nail on the head?  #DoesntReadPolls
#NoClueTrump especially when you are hating again on @Kaepernick7 Better get a copy of the Constitution & read it, if U can
You are delusional! As if you even understand the problem, let alone have a plan to resolve it!
We can stand for the flag and NOT watch NFL football this season!!!!!!
Stop lying yo yourself.
You have 3 baby mommas and 5 kids! You have audacity to question UMA? You Despicable creature!
-Donald Trump has talked about inner cities for yrs! It would please every American to see these cities thrive!
PPP Poll shows you have 0% support among A-A voters. 97% negative views.
I still do not ACTUALLY believe he is going to address an AUDIENCE in Detroit. Cant risk the boos

SPEECHLESS! CAN TRUMP AND MELANIA GET ANY MORE GROSS?
do you see them in the White House? I've laughed at France and Italy for having spouses with sex worker pasts
NEWSFLASH! The majority of African Americans do not live in inner cities, are not poor and unemployed. Nice try though.
facts don't matter do they?
you couldn't take the heat from Ruth Bader Ginsburgh,how are you going to handle Isis and fixing Gun Violence in our Cities
will you have their ballots marked with a "C" too? #NeverTrump
you know that some of my black friends ancestors don't come from Africa so their trap calling themselves African American
No they don't. Keep lying, Donnie.
funny living among a large black population in Alabama and none of them support your Nazi/Klan platform. #DishonestDonnie
blacks don't want. A racist. Who want. To take us back to hanging as trump said in code words we know u with the kkk

Hillary didn't invent our ECONOMIC , problems, you should know, and your not the cure.
hmmm for an well educated man....you sure like to assume blacks will forget how you called them undesirables to rent to.
no they don't
we are a country with class and dignity and intellignce...U posess none of that and would be a bad representative of usa
Hillary 2009 campaign blackface "Us always havin' to clean up after people"?
nope no can do trump.
Go home, you're drunk.
i dont know ANY BLACKS THAT ARE VOTING FOR YOU! ANY! So stop lying...or wishing.
Trump has nothing to offer Black communities. City mayors, clergy, community leaders are doing a good job without Trump.

@ChastityTamu
: you wish!

Are you having a bad dream conman trump?
not hardly
like when you & the GOP F'ING LIED about getting support from @icecube? U disgust me #NeverTrump
HEADLINE: TRAITOR TRUMP BRINGS YOUNG MODELS INTO COUNTRY ILLEGALLY, JUST LIKE WIFE, @MELANIATRUMP
Umpa Loompa Dupadee Doo, I've got another puzzle for you. Umpa loompa Dupadee dee. If you are wise you won't listen to me.
every other word out your mouth is African American No matter much you say it we still not voting for you. Embarrassment
no, they do not.
LIE! They do not want to vote for Trump. Check the facts.
you didn't finish the sentence-- ...they want Trump... to drop dead!!
ass
did your African American tell you that?
its abundantly what they say about blondes,thx for the affirmation
who is this "they" you speak of?
nope, they don't
I wish you down fall Trump
blow Hillary away from http://www.ItsAllAboutEvil.com . The easy way to wake up America. A first. What u don't know kills it.
Donny, your share of the African American and Latino vote is tinier than your hands, your brain, and your other body parts!
I don't see shit and I still ain't voting for yo ass
97% Hillary, 3% Undecided ZERO THAT'S ZERO FOR TRUMP.
you do realise to talk about oneself in the third person is a sign of massive arrogance or mental illness.
you are delusional

ummmm Hillary?
Better jobs, better education ops, safer neighborhoods, better financial future 4 our kids - that is the Trump choice.
@joanwalsh @JoyAnnReid What a dreamer@@DearAuntCrabby
you want to exploit blacks like you have done to your models and temp MAR A LAGO workers? 
You did not rent apts to blacks!
stop hitting the crack pipe Donald. POC can't stand you.
BUT MORE OF US DON'T WANT YOU #TRUMP! THANK GOD!! You'll NEVER get2 DC! You Really should quit Now!
CONVENIENTLY visiting, after you have been criticized for talking to WHITE voters about the African American vote#Pandering

, the bully-boy bigot, is making wildly paranoid claims about crime, none of which are true. He is losing and desperate. Sad
keep on dreaming
" Says who?"
jury duty would not except Hillary voters
A racist and Child rapist will never win the Vote of Afro Americans and other minorities
Have you had a mental check up lately? You are delusional, believing your own lies
You have zero grip on your personal reality.
Go Mr. TRUMP from Australia
would you try to put your name on the white house in gold if elected?  where are your tax returns?
America cannot afford to import poverty https://stopimportingpoverty.com/2016/02/13/poverty-and-jobs-in-america/ … #immigration #ImmigrationReform
they don't want you. It is the GOP who have screwed them, they know it Stupid they are not
INNER-CITY YOUTHS VOTING FOR HILLARY, NOT IN MY GOOD CHRISTIAN NEIGHBORHOOD!!!!! GET OUTRAGED, OOMPA LOOMPA FOR PRES!!!!
Please explain your policy.  NO EXPLANATION...NO VOTE.

New PPP poll released on @maddow right now ---
TRUMP FAV/UNFAV with African American voters is:
Fav: 0%
UnFav: 97%…
We want Blinky, a.k.a. TRUMP, to show us his tax returns.
that's a lie, we see you for the despicable man you are
b.s.  It's red states governors....Guarantee that's the issue. I live I'm a state devastated by policies of red state Gov
@HillaryClinton Please hit Reince and Trump for the devastating policies of red states Gov s. @reince
Not in my lifetime perhaps Bush's,Clintons &Obama in Guantánamo for war crimes
after you're done with them, they will want Trump - to hang in effigy!
Don't let up on courting African-Americans!  Herman Cain callers are very optimistic about minority approval of Trump plans
but in the GARBAGE CAN!!
WOW   DID YOU EVEN HAVE TEACHERS AT THOSE BOARDING SCHOOLS YOU WERE SHIPPED OF TO BY DADDY?
Jessie Jackson praises Trump for Lifetime of Helping the Black Community https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7U6Pp5iflTs …

You need big Hispanic/vote not Blacks.  You MUST begin to look like you are talking "with & to" minorities not "AT THEM"!
No, they don't. Why would they? You're a racist who denied your rental apartments to black applicants. #racist
That's why you are polling at 0-2 percent among blacks -- keep lying to yourself and your followers ...
no they really don't want a #homegrowndemagogue #cheetojesus #liar #cheat no tax releasing #tool
