Crooked Donald...lying to us to get our votes. The system IS rigged Donald and you rigged it ...I want my vote BACK!!!!!!!
@DebAlwaystrump The media has one motto: IF IT BLEEDS, IT LEADS. I have one too: Never trust the press when it's their ink!
.@realDonaldTrump You've said repeatedly that you have NO deals/loans/biz in #Russia, you damned #WalkingColostomyBag disgrace. #EnjoyPrison
wrong.
Before the election it was assumed the nominee would have a clue what the job entailed. CONCEDE! Out of your element Donny
The Emoluments clause in the Constitution makes it a big deal. If you don't know what the job entails, why apply? #impeach
I sure as hell don't give a damn about it, nor does any of your other supporters. Just do what you promised
the #emolumentsclause is not waivable.  Ask a lawyer you trust what those words mean.
You are so ignorant, it frightens smart, educated electorate. Read the Constitution--not selling businesses is CORRUPT!!
Quit blaming everybody else for your "impeachable" conflicts of interest.  You don't have a clue how to run a country.
@vsafeswm49 The Crooked Media Would Also Have US Live In Fear Of The SISi's Got A New Slogan If You See Something ACTION
Who Will Make A Stand Here Today On This Day Make A Stand If You See Somthin Don't Say Somthin TAKE ACTION 
We US Ex Military Say Stand Up Fight Don't Become A Victim If You See Somthin Don't Say Somthin Take Action 
no it's because most people don't trust you (like me).. But good luck. And pls don't be a prick when you're el presidente
It's not the #CrookedMedia you have to be worried about.  It's millions of Americans who hate CORRUPTION & LIES. #FNC #CNN
Millions of EYES are watching YOU and watching your effing BRATS, whom we did NOT elect to office. #DontScrewUp @FNC @CNN
#Impeachment will be swift & painful and then we'll have a HONORABLE man for #POTUS, #MikePence. #BeAfraid! #FNC
dude, do you understand the word crooked? You have been using it incorrectly for so long...crooked is synonymous for Trump!
/ What did all those students at #Trump U get for their tuition? Nothing. You went bankrupt.
same Pile of SHIT @realDonaldTrump DUMPED on THE BASE working ppl empathy? students received fraction in settlement DJT PROFITED
we know you have property's all over the world trump supporters have no problem with it

@cciedotnyc wait. You're a businessman?
Isn't he lovely? He's a ten! 
dung beetles are higher ranked in this universe than you are. If there's an afterlife you're bound to be Sisyphus.
@6549lmartin I voted 4 u because of your success not because u will use the American people to gain it like politicians!
you also said ON CAMERA that if you won, you'd set that business aside for the sake of #MAGA #brokenpromise
@DebAlwaystrump Please Sir: NO ROMNEY AS SOS.Listen to we the people.
you said you wouldn't care about your businesses if elected. Can we believe anything u say?
Not really @realDonaldTrump. I've said it from the time you became a threat of a reality. So hang up ur crooked media angle It's not working
Everyone should make it a big deal. It is.
@petecoves  place them all in a blind trust so no conflict of interest can happen and leave u and us vulnerable
up up up  重要的是说三遍
they are not alone. People care also. Are you working for Trump or America. You can't do one without influencing the other
.. Yes. Donald Trump is a successful business man. Very unusual for Washington DC.  Drain the Swamp
you are a true inspiration. To all bond villains and despots all around the globe. #crook #notmypresident #impeachtrump
you need to prosecute crooked Hillary!
REPUBLICANOS  AMÉRICA YA ESTA LISTA TRUMPPPPPP PRECIDENTEEEEE 
Or anyone interested in ethics, and the institutions of democracy that protect it from abuse
Crooked Hillary Crooked Media..etc etc except Russia is not crooked..Putin not crooked ..
Yeah, trashing every institution that holds power to account. Only path from there is fascism. Despicable
And he's the kind of ignorant who thinks he knows everything-The worst kind.
We understand. As long as you put POTUS and the ppl first. U were a made man before election you can't just abandon that.
agree.Bringing in top financial people as advisors on economy, top Generals for security = smart. #MAGA!!
bringing in Palin, Carson, and others "outsiders" is what we need. Fresh non politician thinking.
Slow down Mr Thin Skin! I'm not media and I think it is is a very big deal. One of many reasons you didn't get my vote.

no doubt whining about something like the man child he is.
You mean you owe $ all over the world and that is a big deal. US will pay for your greed and incompetance.
Someone will eventually put a stop to your childish rages. Impeachment is in the air.
It IS a big deal. Before the election you were advised to divest and blind-trust your interests as well as release taxes.
no the Emoluments Clause does! Media just reporting it.
It's a big deal 2 me I am 1 of majority that didn't vote 4 u #54% #notmypresident
Like all your bankruptcies, most Americans can't wait to talk about your bankrupt presidency in the past tense.
@DrealSidewinder very true Donald Trump lmbo
@protesting2016  no....you said you would walk away...lies all lies
Not true Mr. PEOTUS. I am a voter and a U,S. citizen and I think your conflicts are a VERY big deal. HUGE!
everything comes from words from the passion and obsession from words whatever the form be the best clown.
Prior to 11/8 you said you'd sell biz, get rid of, sign over to 3rd party BLIND trust, didn't care re biz but only USA. BS from # 70YRSaCon
Prior to the election it was well known that you grab the pussy and <3 Putin. Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
.@realDonaldTrump @Ohboyboy22 Lib critics were perfectly fine with Chelsea running the ClintonFdn if HRC was elected. Ultimate hypocrites!!
@RNRKentucky A BUSINESS MAN RUNS BUSINESSES DUH
actually no the people think it's a big deal!!
You made promises regarding tax releases and blind trusts which you are now ignoring. #Liar #NotMyPresident #LOCKHIMUP
Along with your foreign business partners!
Wrong. It is a big deal; you have financial interests in companies working on and financing the ND pipeline. Divest now.
I've never trusted your yuge conflict of interests.  The onus is on you to prove there is no conflict.  Blind trust
#CONFLICTOFINTEREST #ONLYPRESIDENTTHATWONTCOMPLY
Turns out Khizr Khan was right, Trump has not read Emoluments clause of US Constitution either.
#DivestYourself
The New York former mayor of 911 would make great Secretary of State
...and the economists warned voters that your business interests are in direct conflict w/that of America's. but.... @realDonaldTrump
BLIND TRUST PLEASE
good luck with that one, A**h***!
blamimg everything that you do on the media just shows off your inferiority complex. sorry bud
You ran as a Republican.  ANYTHING you do will be criticized.  Just continue on doing the job you earned & be the best.
@VesseyKristine Mr. Trump, keep appealing to us, the people and we'll keep the presure on the scumbag's money. Bankrupt'em
.@realDonaldTrump put your business holdings, foreign and domestic, into a blind trust our destroy the integrity of the presidency.
don't worry about the media worry about our country. GOD couldn't please the media
I AGREE!
That "crooked" media will bring you down, pompous crybaby.
In India Crooked Media called #Presstitutes or PIMPS (Paid Indian Media Professional ).
@CidSephtis yep they are still pathetic
My first venture in stock market here in the philippines is with CPG because Trump tower Manila is one of their flagships
look Donnie, it is a big deal when we don't know who owns our president-elect.  Divest or resign. #divestdonald
.@realDonaldTrump maybe read the constitution emoluments clause might ring a bell. Then look in a mirror for crooked.
So now anyone who disagrees with you is "crooked"?
thanks sir for making indian american external affairs minister to ms.Nikky we are very happy,this would improve indo-UStie
it’s a big deal @realDonaldTrump cuz of conflict of interest concerns.  Foreign affairs decisions could be based on your business interests.
Don't allow the media know your business. Refuse to discuss anything regarding your plans for the future..
Obama has tried to punish every successful business/ give tax money to failures
http://ln.is/fee.org/articles/the/mjTtp …
@realDonaldTrump
Take a written leave of absence (w/no restrictions) almost like Mitt Romney did with the Olympics & let congress approve it
pot calling kettle black you'd prefer the media not to expose you , good news is you'll only last 4 years if not sooner
@DiCristo13 it's none of their business.  You had a business before becoming President.
Only whole world makes a big deal except you. Profiting from the election. Shameful
you called Hillary Crooked you are called Don the Con
I WORRY THAT TERRORIST WILL TARGET YOUR PROPERTY & EMPLOYEE'S IN OTHER COUNTRY'S & COULD GET DANGEROUS
How about the media . All they do is report through there interest. That is a conflict of interest by it self.
you didn't know what a president did, or obligations. Be a man and do the job honestly.
The media just knows you never miss an opportunity to line your pockets on the backs of others #dumptrump
you hold the power to make things right, Step down!
it is called conflict of interest!
Not true sir. That has been MY concern since you entered the race. You have always put your money first. Prove you changed!
you mean the truthful press that will expose your frauds. Your downfall is inescapable
you are amazing!!! We would love to have you visit our store lake avenue jewelers. Just to say hi. Happy thanksgiving
Actually you wouldn't release your federal taxes for transparency. Media not crooked, just more of same - diversion
@davidpjohnston2
The Emoluments Clause of the constitution bars office holders from receiving economic benefits from foreign governments.
The only crook is the one you see in the mirror.
it IS a big deal, scheister.
Why do you disparage the media? Why are most of your tweets so negative? Can you say something nice just once?
you're doing good putting your staff together. I know you have your game plan for the first 100 days. Make it great
Prior to the election it was well known @realDonaldTrump was a pussy grabbing misogynist that would lower our standing globally. #tiny hands
You're kidding right? Poll Americans- betting majority knew Apprentice, casinos, NY real estate b4 election
Don't worry, we have your back and don't listen or trust in the bully media! :-) HAPPY THANKSGIVING
what a buffoon
you are a citizen first and a defender of the constitution. Conflict of interest.
@Trummp_2016 Which Billionaire doesn't have business interest all over the world? Our President we love you. Forget them.
While, no doubt, in looking ahead to the 2020 re>there's a method to your CABINET picks but take NOTE: So is SNAKE MITT!
that's because everyone so jealous because you're so successful!! They got to get the ratings up!you're not on CNN anymore
@pascalmeier74 wait a minute Donnie boy. You said Hillary was crooked. Now you don't. So Will u likewise bactrack on this?
Trump's businesses not in conflict. Hillary's business was corporate payoffs, like crooked politicians all over the place
The media is the only one holding you accountable. Since your deplorable fans don't. The media and rest of the world care.
You understated your debt and refused to reveal who held it. Conflicts exist.
Please give #SecofState to @JonHuntsman. He is more than qualified. Romney for ambassador to the United Nations. Please.
you are crooked! How many small business owners have you cheated, bankruptcies! Lawsuits! You're lies are all you believe!
The media is just jealous. Jealousy is rottenness to the bones!!!
Dont care about that care about #SOS #NoToRomney PLEASE dont do that Ive been loyal to you since day 1 #Rudy
Hope you had good luck with NY Times editors today.  Probably like talking to a brick wall?
@surfermom77 And they'll keep throwing their garbage on you until it stick. Let it roll off u President TRUMP.
Pathetic 2 think US will give u a pass on ur biz conflicts. Hope courts indict u 4 the crook u r. #USDemocracy #NotMonarchy
jerk
if u can't take care of your own business then how can u take care of ours. Do the ethical thing or hand it over 2 Pence.
I'm very concerned Ivanka mtg with Japan & Argentina.We need YOU as president. No longer the business man-conflict interest
maybe you should've released your tax returns.  Cheated your way to presidency.
YOU are crooked to think you are above the law and every other President before you. #LockHimUp #AuditTheVote #DumpTrump
GROW UP!!! ACT like a MAN who wants to be president!
Please start referring to the #MSM as #Tabloid Media. Time to put them in their place. #MAGA
so why ok for you and not the Clintons? HYPOCRITE
it is a big deal your always trying to down play everything. But we are not stopping cause we see you slipping
it is a big deal  donald.  More than  half of this country  doesn't  trust you.
DIVEST
just another day just another
@JimenezBern  im thinking that your kinda making it a big deal 
you can't drain the swamp if you don't start with the clintons....that bitch needs to be locked up. MAGA!
...Except the voice of American voters did not elect you.
## please give him courage & support because RPC (CHINA ) developing rapidily give strong support other wise u will BIG O.
But, if the Clinton's did this they would be crooked. Got your gig, and you're getting to be the scariest man, ever.
if you are going to be president you need to be as transparent as possible & put country first over your own profit.
and normal american people....
Yes Sir, this is true. Go about your business. Let it be clear, there shall be no pay for play with the Don!
@russmove They will attack you wherever they can, they never said anything about Clinton Foundation
Put on your big boy pants Donnie you're embarrassing yourself what was that word again...pu..y
let's call you #donthecon
habitual line stepper says Charlie Murphy That's what you are @realDonaldTrump
#MAGA really means #MATA Make Trump Great Again after his numerous bankrupcies
Wow, your "presidency" will be remembered as a cesspool of corruption before you can be sworn in!
yup, only ones who think it's a big deal are the "crooked media." Oh, and the Constitution. It thinks it's a big deal too
It really is a big deal.  You and/or a family appointee cannot possibly make deals that will ultimately benefit you!
In your best John Lennon voice "All we are saying ... is give Trump a chance." You will thank him when he's #MAGA!
You. Are. A. Crook.
Public pressure can make things happen. His ego demands the public love & admire him
Or crooked TRUMP who tries to discount it!!  #dumbdonald
who is crooked???????
it is so well-known how one-sided our media. people from other countries are stunned at how one-sided the media is.
, Properties that you STILL profit from in spite of your promise to REMOVE yourself from them. Your daughter IVANKA may find her TIT caught in the WRINGER of PANAMA PROJECT!
PAY TO PLAY.  Your regime is the most CORRUPT in US presidential hisotry.  Harding looks like a choir boy next to you.  KARMA, sooner or later, fat old man.
My hate grows each day
That's ok @realDonaldTrump  WE Still Hate You and You R Going To Jail
SICK< SICK< SICK, and SICK
This is why #ConflictofInterest needs to stop now.
you really don't get it do you.
Any interests in RUSSIA by the way.
The Scots showed you the door. And we've built more wind farms right by your properties!
you're crooked and pathetic 
Really?  Do u blame the crooked media for your impotency as well?
You are basing policy on your shitty business interests and we know it/never needed laws for the president before you.
