USA is smart enough to see the hit. To see the fraud in these woman coordinated by Hillary. Stories are already crumbling.
I've actually got 5 people to change their mind thank God voting Trump
I got 1 lifetime Dem 2vote 4him. Economy &loss of Social Security benefits turned her around.
I only know one person out of a hundred at my terminal.
God Bless you, You are what we need to bring this Country back to a Christian Nation. Lying Hillary is the Anti Christ.
KKK rallies don't count.
DJT, show how big you are,ignore the pain of insults and innuendos. Americans want to hear about today issues n our future.
your small hands make all that pussy look YUUUGE...and I'll tell you this, they are tremendously yuge.

Your rally sucked. Full of hate and more insults against women. Women say no to predators.
omg did u srsly just say dat XD welp, 1 LIKE
smh
it was great 
Pack up and go home. Save yourself the humiliation
thanks for all you've done.much appreciated by a vet.
Try to keep your hands to yourself on the flight.
Have a great time in Ohio,we love you here
The regime under the smartest man in the world ladies and gentlemen
Thanks for the update. Please keep your armrests down - best your tiny hands do not assault any female passengers.
https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/785861185694339072 …
God Bless!
T-bird is getting a workout!
dont forget to tell the crowd you lost your lead in Ohio and are now tied.
unfortunately he up by one point
Ohio lock up your daughters Trump is coming!!
@billclinton
Will do you with cigar like Monica
bill ain't standing? Check the ballot paper
Yes he is.  back in Whitehouse
 With  box of Cuban cigars
Just waiting for you
haha ok. Hill billy
has the Bestest people. None better anywhere. Simply adorable! #DopeyDonald #BasketOfDeplorables #GOP @GOP
grab that puss on a plane,grab that puss a train,you should stick to green eggs and ham
don't forget ur blow!! Coke head that u are
Well let's hope they swept the runway at 
West Palm Beach International Airport for hairpins after your plane took off.
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
another bunch of negative bullshit ? great !!!
You are God's chosen one in these perilous times. God Bless you sir. The American People are with you!
I hope you drop with a heart attack. BUT I BET NOT EVEN THE DEVIL WANT YOU.
Be tough and smart forget talking about Hillary !! Focus on the country and issues
keep up the hard work we have your back
Give it up, you lost.  It's just sad that this point.
#MAGA - WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!! (LIKE) IF YOU SUPPORT TRUMP
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
Hope u r exposing Killary Did u know when Killary was 2turn over her Computer She didn't turn over thumb drive 2 St but DOJ
The only conspiracy against you begins with your behaviour. #Election2016
Have fun speaking to the #KKK
sending stranger danger warning ahead of you. Women of Ohio lock your doors!
ugh!!  Thanks for the warning! 
Working 3x as hard as Hillary!  Even if someone doesn't agree with your policies, they have to respect your work ethic! 
Give the guy a chance.  Hillary will cause ww3
whatever Hillary does as president precludes he is TOAST. #nevertrump
Trump is surging.  We are done with the corruption and divisiveness of Politicians
HILLARY IS A LIAR!!! She "Accidently" deleted 33,000 emails? Let's elect a trustworthy president #Trump
Don't forget she couldn't remember 40 things in 'fixed' FBI deposition.
You have no decency, like Trump. You truly are deplorable. Hillary spoke the truth.
Jane this is a troll account. You'll notice it's generates vitriol all day long. Who has the time but a troll.
Or a very dedicated woman who is sick and tired of sexist dictators.
Trump Campaign Update
Trump will win.The press are telling it otherwise but the people will vote against the establishment.
The brainwashed & the sheep will continue to follow the puppet Clinton along the path of oblivion. Vote Trump & save America!
won't help. #Trumptanic
According to?
the same polling outfit that trump quoted in mid September when it was close. Sorry.
Momentum he has says otherwise.
momentum from what? Alienating every woman in America? Sorry, son. #landslide
Women in US are strong & can make up their minds who is for America or against.
they don't like  to be assaulted by some asshole who brags about it. Sorry.
Keep up the energy. you got this, and we are behind you all the way.
Where ever you go, your voice is a comfort to us all that are barely hanging in there. Faith and hope for greatness.
we believe in you
if you're such a great businessman how come your businesses haven't made enough profit so that you actually pay tax?
.  what a stupid question! He pays millions in taxes, his 1995 tax report is 20 yrs old. Get real!!
Their arguments are trolls just like these woman being trotted out by the media courtesy of HRC
Sorry but my Patriots didn't Dodge the Draft or belittle POWs. phony.
get a grip,many people didnt get drafted for many reasons.It doesnt make them DDs
This one did get drafted, and wants to be POTUS. Felt the same way about Clinton.
Mr Trump why don't you sue the NYT for spreading false allegations about you. You need to make an example of them.
LOL  By the way, it's spelled "they're"

Hillary threatened her husband rape victim.  What policy of hers do you support?

Witnesses were intimidated.  Facts change sometimes, but some are blinded by beliefs.
really?  That's how you want to play this?  Cause your candidate is having some groping issues.
NYT interviewed every girlfriend, now two out of woodwork, with all the contact he's had.  Really?
Mmainstream is lying. The media is a political machine with their own agenda. It isn't 4 U
stop getting baited by the. Lying media and the aweful woman. Stay on what you will do for this country

Isn't this demeaning to women?  Liberals teach hate, see it's ok for you to do it, but not others?
fuck another chair @realDonaldTrump
What a scholar you must be and with your foul humor, Offended sham perhaps?
Paul it's "AreWestVirginia"
What?
your name. It's "are". Just helping out with the grammar.
Really?  What school did you go to?
he's actually right  @Goodtweet_man @realDonaldTrump
It's a name...there's no grammer to a name of something?
#NeverTrump #notokay #Florida4Hillary
This murder of the guy murdered could be the real story
Where are your taxes?
what do you know, he was telling the truth for once!  #NeverTrump #ImWithHer
The pundits are saying you conceded Virginia! Please keep fighting! You can take Virginia!!
just donated! #MAGA3X
should just stay home & save the jet fuel! Your wasting your time. Sad!
these women are paid to play! Don't even talk about them. All to keep you off KILLARY once again! Focus on policy:)

how's that going for you? I guess not so well.
.@realDonaldTrump Take your time. #elections2016
AMERICA??? If you Love & Care about your children, your Grandchildren? Please Vote for their future!!  VOTE FOR TRUMP!!!!
@EricTrump @TeamTrump @KellyannePolls Mr.@realDonaldTrump HUGE WIN 4 U! We're 2 smart 2 fall 4 distractions of late!
Everyone should watch/LISTEN to this rally to understand who/what is running/ruining this country. http://rsbn.tv/watch-donald-trump-holds-rally-in-west-palm-beach-fl-live-stream/ …
LOVED you rally in Ocala!!!  Watched it all!  Go! Go! Go! We are with you!  #TrumpStrong
y don't u Bring up Bills actions w women and his famous cigar?!!
#StillFightingForTrump #WeAreSTILLWithYouTrump
Mr Trump no matter how the evil media trying to focus U as a pervert WE the PEOPLE put our last hope for America AMEN
My daughter (32) took a group of ladies to hear you n America's Mayor and loved it! forget dirty tricks n lies.
"look at her" am I think you should look at the polls you despicable person
http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=42477 … THIS SHOWS HILLARY AGAINST THE BLACK PEOPLE THAT SHE IS SUPPOSED TO BE FOR
Trump on election day https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KD0EUQnElEE …
We The People Are With You ! #TrumpsAmereica #Nationalists #MAGA BTW None Of The Accusers Are Trump Worthy ! Pathetic
I attended one of his first rallies in Mobile AL  People were standing in line with tickets for a mile  It was great
Hope the plane crashes.

Just enough time for my third nap, a bucket of wings, and a quick grope of the flight attendant with the great cans.
please punch back later, do what you have to do to win!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=865073306956435&id=776012409195859 … Let them know Ballots are ripping up Republican votes. FOCUS ON MAKING ON YOUR AMERICAN DREAM <3
these idiots would have took you for everything you got the American people need to wake up
Donald Trump said in a 2004 interview about Lindsay Lohan "deeply troubled" women are "always the best in bed,"
Donald, Give these DVD's away in the inner city's across America It will get you elected!!!
praying for you, safety, and all coming to your rally God's will prevail
jobs jobs jobs, economy border
I do hope you become the new president of the United States of America... In my prayers, always!
You have right Direction & Solutions. The smears don't matter.  Ignore them. Trust ur followers we don't believe the lies
What about Virginia?
http://hill.cm/8Y7PFex   good luck tonight. 2bad ur EGO keeps u w/Ur base not finding new voters. Applause whore.SAD CLOWN
Mr Trump you keep on going on
Mom's & grandma s like me are 
With you nov.8 is trump day
Are you handing out germicide for those who are forced to shake your hand?
give it up....
#WOMENWHOVOTETRUMP
YOU ARE SO DONE. I WILL ENJOY WATCHING YOU GO DOWN IN FLAMES.

Rock'n roll..!
Get your FREE banners & more @ https://wftwh.com/pages/free-headers-covers …
Mr Trump I hope u win! our country needs a real American We need our jobs back! Union member. Boston 589 Carmens union!
I forecast the Ohio rally to be tremendous, awesome, huge, and bigly
Nov 8 Ballot 2 choices
1. REVOLTING SLUG  OR
2. LYING THIEF
EASY CHOICE UNFORTUNATELY
please keep going strong! We're counting on you!
certifiable pathological liar disturbed person. You lost both debates if you refuse to accept facts Ppl think you're crazy.
ya Hillary sure is a nasty liar
Stick to the issues and forget the media. We wants you to lead us regarding our country. I don't care about any sexcapades!
threatening our nation #EnoughIsEnough
It's nice to see you working for the presidency! Killary takes it for granted!!! I guess you could if your corrupt!!!
BREAKING:  FOR THOSE IN OHIO. FEBREEZE HAS BEEN VERY EFFECTED IN REMOVING THE TRUMP STENCH. DO NOT SHAKE HIS HAND
Hillary Clinton = Francis Underwood. Hillary Whitehouse  = House of Cards.
I would sue all of the rediculous accusers. I can't wait for you to shut down Killary!
@HillaryClinton That wasn't a rally. It was a lynching of media, Clintons, Republicans, Establishment, Your Victims. SICK!
#OHIOAN

you and your supporters are reasons why america has a hard time being "great"
.@realDonaldTrump Ohio? The state where @HillaryClinton's kickin' your butt?! Save your fuel.  #trump.
Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence please use this negative smear as an opportunity to tell the Country what you're going change.
If Russia attacks , are these women going to complain after the Russian troops have raped them 50 times ? Talk about War !
https://vine.co/v/5XPeFxHFmB7 
Cut Ties to Donald Trump, Big Donors Urge R.N.C. - The New York Times
https://apple.news/AuH1L4lfKQUKmRpO1hApTZA …
My prayers are with you! Keep up the good work.
Take care Donald, rough road ahead
We love you and pray for you daily Mr. Trump. #DemocratsAreScared
Florida rally was great! The most important campaign promise u could give to the American people is LOCK HER UP!
Woman on plane was doing Qualudes. Loaded on "ludes"? That's truth?
Canidate loses but hrc will countinue ruining country.
@DianeHauschildt We NEED you #FL  vote #Trump!!
you're the funniest thing going these days. I love that bit you do about becoming president and Making America Great Again.

Thank you so very much - i just dropped of my 1st ever vote for you , Donald j Trump = i still can't walk .but i VOTED !
Unbelievable, now trump has his best buddy Putin come for his aid and declares war on our country if Hillary wins. WTF?
It was a true religious experience, Mr. Trump.  UV matured and become accutely aware of America's plight since U announced.
WHY??
u gonna visit Cincinnati Reds locker room n say ur gonna lick girls pussies n tits then blame it on "lockeroom talk?" LMFAO
#IssuesNotSmears  PLEASE STICK W/ ISSUES!!! The more you talk about accusations, the more the press covers it.  ISSUES!!
Do you have any idea of the financial ruin that is headed your way? Not only will you be broke, nobody can hire you.

Just watched the Columbus, OH rally on your Facebook page.  I didn't know u were coming to Columbus! Would have been there!
we are all so disgusted in you you. Not not in the Republican Party, even though I'm a Democrat. You have ruined them.
Wish you continued rising success. Stay authentic and you're going to make it.
need you to win Trump!!
it's amazing how many people are following Trump on twitter that are again him...very strange.....GET OFF TWITTER IDIOTS
my Parents are coming to see you in Cincinnati  tonight. We are big supporters of you and your campaign. God bless you.
go Donald Trump!
Vote for the honest candidate, Donald Trump.
Someone needs to list the national advertisers of the NY Slime so we can boycott them!
Two more? RSBN covers only one--and shows the crowd. Expose HC's machine, her treason; educate USA with wikileaks.
booooooo #doubleboo

If everyone in government will work as hard as you do, our country would have been so much stronger! Who is the playboy?!?!

Donald Trump / Bill Cosby 2016 write in Nov 8
.@realDonaldTrump The entire world is tired of seeing you play the victim, followed by your usual volcano of insults. Get a grip!
BE A MAN!
Haiti..from the last hurricane..they are asking for more money
comfortable wiener chair
have you been arrested yet- #trumpbehindbars

Recruiting more deplorables? Or meeting more future sexual assault victims?
@KellyannePolls .Need to focus on Hillary's activities,wiki leaks, forget abt Republicans,they'll come around.
lock up your daughters
How can people be so blind. Nothing about Liarys emails all Trump. Wake up America this Bitch is sooo EVIL Follow E-Mails.
focus focus on what is matter.
