Another crook
@MRSBLEES - fulfills promise on Cabinet picks. "They will be the best"
. Mr pres we wish yr be fare to palastnian.do not take one side.they never found any fare person since 1948. Thanks
President @realDonaldTrump @POTUS YOU SAID "We will not impose our way of life" while Tillerson otherwise.

VENEZUELA IS ALREADY DEMOCRATIC.
Pretty sickening Allison wish the dems and libs in general would wake up!!! Otherwise will be like Dearborn
@POTUS Sec of State Tillerson will seek "Transition to Democracy for Venezuela"? VENEZUELA ALREADY IS DEMOCRATIC,SOVEREIGN
Thank you for your selection. WE THE PEOPLE are getting impatient with Senate confirmations !
A joke..
How's that working out for you? 
#GlobalLaughingstock #RexTillersonWasRight #trump
That YOU HAVE!  AMERICA IS BLESSED, YOU ARE A LEADER who LOVES AMERICA and IS WORKING HARD 2 KEEPING US SAFE, GOD BLESS YOU, MR. PRESIDENT!
Why hasn't your sec of state, Tillerson stopped the flow from the seven countries your adm targeted?
You mean the man who is raping nature and would sell his mother for 10$ obo?
too bad to know yr ban countries U.S. and Israel been killing.leaving millions homeless.but real bloody terror whabee happy
Nice job, Kreskin. Got any more predictions for us?
Missing one of the biggest chances to be a great President by NOT appointing Elon Musk as Energy Secretary. Not Good.
Was Musk even interested in being Secretary of State?
He was interested to help, but after Paris Climate fiasco he withdrew. I was hoping Trump would lead the Nation towward sustainability...
You should do the right thing. Step down.
OLD Sage - Mr. TRUMP we really appreciated  Rex Tillerson and his way of conducting the interviews.He spoke with authority
OH Boy, another swamp monster! I see a Billionaire CEO bromance blooming. Do I see a threesome with our lovable Vladimer?
@protesting2016 you chose a crook
OIL DOLLAR INCOMING. BLING BLING! Such corruption. Such grace. Sad.
@RexTillersonHQ Congrats for Trump to pick Rex Tillerson as his sec of state. Rex willdo the Job
Donald I congratulate you to choose A highly qualified people for key positions in your cabinet
Nice way to #DTS...i'm sure he'll speed up planet warming exponentially, your grandchildren will love you for it... #BUST
So many planets to drill.
so who gets the main bedroom: you or Putin? Or are you guys together?
Sir we believe this to be a truly terrible choice and we would love for you to talk to us about why we think so
Did Putin give you a cookie for that pick? If not, you should sit on his lap again & demand one, because it's a great pick!
please invite all allies to inauguration.  When I have a party I invite all my friend's.
great job keep it up
square peg in a round hole. you blew it

All the picks are amazing, and he will be a great secretary of state, time to work with Russia!!!!
Trump everyone u choose is a failure LIKE ur,hanging round with convicted murderer Don King show u have no standards
Dude, lay off the cocaine. Weren't you the one who said Hillary's DOS was pay to play? This guy has huge profit interests.
omg more criminals in the white house.
...yep you really DRAINED THE SWAMP. So much for those campaign promises
I truly hope so, particularly with Russia, which we all know you can trust about as far as you can throw it!
man you are really corrupt
What about Otto Warmbier?
YOUR LEVEL OF STUPIDITY IS JUST ASTOUNDING!
pay for play.
we knew you would pick a great team...
Great Choice.  Also, Bill Gates a good choice  - as he has many connections over the world.  He is a well respected.
your cabinet selection are deplorables at the highest.
you are destroying a country
@MargarettHallo1 @realDonaldTrump  tank u
But does he know enough about foreign policy to make a difference?
10 millions of Congolese people have been killed and assassinated coz dirty business Kabila and Kagame are genocide
Mr The President,I begging  you not do bad business with Kabila& Kagame are the genocide.they've been killed& assassinated
grab the left by the balls and don't let go! They're going to pull every trick in the book against you! Love you!
Why more engineers are losing jobs http://www.marketplace.org/2009/06/17/business/fallout-financial-crisis/why-more-engineers-are-losing-jobs …

STOP SHIPPING OUR ENGINEERING JOBS OVERSEAS!
A business person should not be Sec. of State.  I want my elected officials to vote No, in favor of someone w/ U.S.service
why.
Amen
Another Whitey Supremacist from the KKK, your fraternity locker room boys.
You may have been able to pay your way for n life, but running this country is cannot and will not be done that way.
You REALLY need to learn about laws, the constitution, the amendments, and how things are actually done
He'll have to go through congressional committees & w/his ties to Russia,it be hard to vote for him for Secretary of State.
but why?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48rz8udZBmQ …
you ARE the swamp
why isn't Michael Savage invited to the inauguration? #brokenpromises
WHY IS YOUR CABINET FILLED WITH NOTHING BUT EVIL WHITE MEN THEY'RE NOT THE PEOPLE. MAKE AMERIKKKA WORSE OK MESSAGE RECEIVED
what the hell?  WE WANT CLEAN WATER AND LAND!
A guy who should be behind bars... nice choice!
May God grant you the wisdom to chose the right people for your cabinet, that will help your leadership to be succesful.
@TRAVLIC #HeadDesk
Bring back the drilling. More jobs!! #Oil field #Texas
isn't that a conflict of interest?  Is he stepping down from Exxon?
Thank you for your hard work merry Christmas
Please consider Brooklyn Taberbacle Choir for inauguration!
sounds like a kinky, crony, 3some between Putin, him and you

indeed Rex tillerson is a big great deal to oil & petrochemical industry.  Nothing could be better dan Russia & America tgr
Yay ! Cheap Russian oil for everyone. #YouGotTrumped
what brand of horse hair do you use for your toupee?
We are both pals with vlad- what could possibly go wrong.
yeah that's not exactly a good thing. Do you know of the evils of Exxon?! #facepalm
Don't forget his ties to Russia.
President Donald Trump will save the day
our gas and oil stocks have plummeted all over the United States we will make America great again!! LGCY Stock
How is this draining the swamp? It's really called FILL THE SWAMP !
very different dealing with foreign govs for biz, than for State... I remain unconvinced
He's a good choice. Now just don't choose Bolton to be undersecretary of state.
selling USA to Russia. You suck.
Could you tell the difference between con artist and a successful businessman? Cuz ur example is more likely to be considered as con artist
Exxon mobile CEO, hundreds of millions in big oil stock..checkmate
RUSSIAN SELLOUTS! TRAITORS!!!!
All losers
Every single day you make me a happy man to be alive...Merry Christmas Mr. President
you are going to be a terrible president, not at all interested in the improvement of your country...
What about Otto Warmbier?
We'll see, Congress won't approve- poor Putin, needs his mafioso friend
You can judge a great man!  "Grab em by the Pussy"
Old rich white boys club.  You stumped the American people with your lies and hate. I hope you are impeached quickly.
very poor decision
one of the truly corrupt* 
There, I fixed it.
why?? So he can pollute the planet?
I see you're really draining the swamp .... NOT. You are putting the same ass hats that put us in a polluted disaster
politics for the poor with a cabinet of super rich, interesting. but you know your voters are too dumb to recognize
TALK ABOUT LIES HE IS PART OF THE CRONY CAPITALISM YOU RAN AGAINST!!!  #DRUMPFISALIAR


Bad, Trump, bad!
Totally Agree President Trump!!
Why?  Because we need another unqualified Secretary who knows how to leverage the office for profit? #loser
the same guy that is poisoning thwe worlds waters ?
do people need to have a 7 figure job to get nominated for your cabinet? #bigmoney
Shouldn't you say one of Putin's best friends.  Go ahead lick Russia's boots and then try to be leader of the free world.
Your Dear Leader Putin thanks you.
You're going to cause harm to so many. Go back to where you came from - America is not your country. You don't belong here
China is very dangerous they have been building up their military and stealing technology for a long time Beware.
like this one, the teams getting intense much of U.S. are loving it! Thanks
Barf. Can you say oil spill?
actually I've got no words for this, I've just been staring out a window in utter disbelief for 5 minutes. Nbd we're doomed
this action needs to be explained to the American people.  I see this man has been in Yemen?  No more wars please.  .
Putin gets the Lincoln bedroom. Lincoln not using it
Suck up!
d
Thank you!  Smart business people should make a difference!
Dr. Carson, Betsy DeVos, James Matis - YES.  Perry and Tillerson??  I thought you were paying your own way.  Pls reconsider
Your choices are terrifying and corrupt. #narcissism #corrupt You are the reaper come to kill the planet.
are you creating this oil monopoly between Exxon/Putin/America to create more favorable conditions in a war with China?
You rock! President Trump!!  Keep it coming!!
We need a Sec. Of State...NOT a businessman.
Way to turn America third world, again . . . Dollands.
Good business does not equal good diplomat
great. More oil mongers.
of course you did.  Sure it was your own idea.
I'm sure this will go fucking great.

Refill that swamp, o infallible president
mr. Trump we are so happy for you I wish these Democrats would grow up
God help us.
From the Exxon oil spill corporation?  Seriously, do u think we r all stupid?
#Trump #unpresidented #CyberSecurity #Putin #TrumpTransition #TrumpsAmerica #electoralcollege
ok but what about his dealings in Chad, he helped create a military dictatorship, oh I see what you did there 
and he disobeyed the state department in Chad and Northern Iraq, and he is friends with Putin, oh I see what you did there
millionaire cabinet, special interest b*** s***. Who you gonna work for? Uh huh...It's all about you isn't it. Clown.
What a suprise, an uber rich corporate shill, much like the rest of your cabinet.  Oil and gas is not the future #solar
grosse
What's sad is that he's the most qualified of all your picks and he's in bed with Russia. #TrumpLovesRussia
Do you also have investments in a Russian oil company like Tillerson?
lol
dude wtf
I'm glad you got my memo. Rex will be great for Russia. Thank you comrade! The check is in the mail!
You can con you deplorable with the scheme you have, but anyone with a brain!
draining that swamp huh? What happened to getting rid of the rich typicals?
Another pick with no relevant qualifications. Except male, white, Christian, het, very wealthy, and out of touch.
He is the best guy for that job, we need a strong man to lead our Nation, not a sissy PC person,,,,
oh boy, the U.S. is now totally screwed.
his experience to be Secretary of State is so minuscule it's uncanny!

why are you selecting millionaires, not middle class?
we better be getting cheaper gas after what he paid u to get that position to give him self a platform to make more money.
Tex Drillerson.
Oh my God! You are dumber than I thought!
