we need you to win!
We THE PEOPLE have to carry on the fight for freedom!  Lincoln's Gettysburg Address https://youtu.be/BvA0J_2ZpIQ 
on what charge? You have to commit a crime like @realDonaldTrump in order to go to prison.
pig
I knew Robert E. Lee @realDonaldTrump & you are no Robert E. Lee... Robert E. Lee knew when to quit. He loved #America more than #Russia
I know how much you love war, so mention tomorrow that if we take raqqa, isis will fall because it is the capital of isis.
please don't make promises you have no possibility of keeping.
.@realDonaldTrump Follow me! You're already following Trump, after all.
Only because he's funny though. Lol.
your sentence structure makes me want to deep throat a cactus

#DrainTheSwamp

Oh really?  How would you do that? Specifics please.
you say anything you think the people want to hear.  You showed us who you were from the start and I believe just that.
Four score and seven years ago...
Don't make promises you can't keeo
Really?  Like the steel you won't use from PA?
#whatafuckingidiotyouare
Are you going to force private companies to reallocate to America? Sounds very much like free market capitalism.
Maybe you'll make them an offer they can't refuse?
please keep on the message,,, we really need a change,,, counting on you for that change
go kick ass DT.
GOAT LET'S TAKE IT HOME NOVEMBER 8TH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #BEATTHERIGGEDSYSTEM #SCREWTHEMEDIA #CrookedHillary
do Lincoln proud with your Gettysburg address amen and we will #MAGA
#yourefired #ImWithHer 
https://www.google.com/amp/people.com/politics/salma-hayek-claims-donald-trump-planted-story-denied-date/amp/?client=ms-android-boost-us …
Exactly how will you bring back their jobs? Chinese steel? #emptypromises #LiarLiarPantsuitOnFire
How do you like the fact that Clinton camp laughs about  fact that "US is no longer a Democracy" https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3723#efmAMnANJANLAN9 …. @realDonaldTrump
Go Trump
will you create jobs in Florida?  nothing other than retail and it's too hard for small business.
“She’s 10 years old? I’ll be dating her in 10 years then.” http://voteorgrope.launchrock.com/ 
ah Gettysburg.. home of the battle of Gettysburg.
R u going to start making all of your products in the USA? Hope not, ties are really good I don't want them to change...
#MAGA
you talked your shit right in front of Cardinal Dolan,a man if http://God.You  are no Christian.
please stay out of philly
Time to give up - you lost
Express to voters how  social security needs to take care of senior raises and how badly Obama has treated them.
Ban chinese imports, they use the money to screw US power
will you be buying your steel and getting your ties made there?
大統領頑張れ
are you bringing back all the ones you sent to Mexico and China? Start there!

Barry  LOVED TAKING JOBS AND DESTROYING Livelihoods.  Drain the snake swamp!
Does that include the jobs you and your daughter outsource to China and Bangladesh as well?
I am praying for you and your family.
Liar!
It be big if you went back to visit and talk to the people in the inner cities. Don't tell Hillary or she'll send agitators
please re tweet this, If 17 top security  say that Russia is behind the email leak why didn't we file charges wit the UN
THX for coming Donny
how awesome
thanks 
the grammar in this tweet is awful
.@realDonaldTrump u will not bring back PA jobs by magic based on coal that no one wants.  Stop lying, bumper sticker rhetoric is not a plan
didn't they used to make Steel in 
Pennsylvania? You know that stuff you outsourced to China? Hypocrite much?
what about the ELECTORAL VOTES? How's that going???
It's time to assign a special prosecutor for this mess.  Let's drain the swamp in Washington.
#MAGA.
@McClain70   Why bother voting.? The TV tells me it's already over?
I'm voting for the third party bro
They'd have more jobs if you didn't buy cheap steel from China for your hotels.
after 3000 just list theirs from your recent failure at the Taj Mahal?  LOL #BSARTIST
Please, push hard & don't give up. I am given donations every chance I can right now. Everyone needs to give now! #MAGA
good then you'll stop buying steel from China and reopen the mills?? Get ready for the Unions and higher prices
Trump stay safe and call it like you see it..
The #American people support you. Let's get the people to the ballot box from now until N0V. 8th. Our country needs you.
God Bless Mr Trump I know your going to win, be patient, pray, trust, you got this!!!!! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
LOL!
how about giving reasons you will get jobs back, instead of making empty promises. #PlansNotPromises
Oh god. Take a vacation. Make like Frozen and let it go. It's over.
Wow U sound like a 5 yr old "make like frozen.." Bet the cartoon movie Frozen is one of your favorite movies...
you are the best too bad the naive dummies can't see through corrupted Hillary where she would take America God for bid
really how about someone protecting a preditor of child rape he did no time & she's proud of it
Ang has been under court order like Hil. The dif is Hil court ordered defense attny. Ang was the criminal.
such a bunch of ass hats.. I voted for Deez Nutts for President..
confused. Fam who live there never mentioned their jobs went away. Where did they go? Holiday? I hear Scarborough is lovely
wake up made in China
Trump gets his steel all from China DA
please do not lump all Pennsylvanians into the same deplorable basket. Most of this state despises you anyway.
how ??
I'm telling Mr Oakley that you said this.
Keep going Mr Trump you are going to win!!!
No he won't.
oh yes he will. Get ready sheep you will have a better path to follow soon. Things are looking up for you.
you're such a fool. He makes all his crap in China. If he cared he'd hire losers like you but he doesn't care @RealAdultPerson
Is that the best you can come up with?  He made some stuff in China?  That is why you vote for a will be felon?
she's never been indicted for a felony let alone convicted.  @RealAdultPerson
And you know why.  If that were you or me we would be locked up.  Come on.
Kelly.megyn called you a sexual predator lol #herchoicesleepswithone
dildobrain
oh, poor Dildos. What ever have they done to deserve such insult? 
all the best, next president of USA
next president of the usa??? no he is hopefully next inmate in jail for rape
we are talking about @realDonaldTrump..... #Hillary will be in jail when #Trump becomes President
DUMB DONALD WILL NEVER BECOME  PRESIDENT

Thanks for the warning predator!!!
You da man!
much love from Canada. Dems controlling media like Russians do to create a one party system. Trump last chance for USA
God bless the united states of America.& Donald Trump. True heroe
Please put your policy you put  out today on TV adds in the Battleground states.
Stay after it Bud! We Americans are counting on you to bring this home! We will do our part! #TrumpPence2016 #MAGA TY!
wow even Satan is on twitter for Hillary, no surprise!
we're very proud of you. Have a great time and bring back our country. Trump for president
Big policy plan to help the working class who are being devastated by the phony recovery will push you over the top.
How will you bring back coal mining jobs? How will you bring back jobs in steel? What areas of Pa. will see most new jobs?

The Vets, We have our lives depending on you if you only know stick with it make it clean and get it done please.
oye wey, paro pagame los tacos con lo del muro
yeah press only. Big deal.
so how many Americans lost jobs when your companies went bankrupt?? #trumpLOSER
Maybe you can get them jobs at your Chinese steel factories?
u da man don
follow 4 follow?
MAYBE IF YOU GO AND READ THE BOOK OF REVELATION,YOU WOULD REALIZE WHO YOU ARE AND ABOUT THE VARIOUS SOUNDS OF THE TRUMPETS
Everyone's amazing until they dont agree with you Donald. 
Then you call them childish names!You have been your own undoing
- Your example keeps me going! Phone calls in AZ to get out voters for Trump.
let's MAGA ...
love Gettysburg,  took the family there, wonderful place
home stretch you can do this people don't trust her at all
Keep it up We need Pa.
I am voting  fot Trump and I am an educated  (Masters Degree) white female over the age of 60.
Tired of hearing that women like me don' support Trump. Killery is a nightmare!!! She would destroy the US.
Bigly
#Trump promises to be the candidate to bring back jobs, has long history of #outsourcing.#TrumpLies https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-decries-outsourced-labor-yet-he-didnt-seek-made-in-america-in-2004-deal/2016/03/13/4d65a43c-e63a-11e5-b0fd-073d5930a7b7_story.html …
http://www.history.com/topics/1929-stock-market-crash … #Gettysburg #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp #TrumpPence16
ironically four score and seven years ago....
lifting u in prayer daily....God's peace be with u, His wisdom, His compassion & humility....for the sake of our country
https://youtu.be/6_bVVAVwfSQ 
Good! Now tell us HOW.
GOD BLESS PENNSYLVANIA,AMERICA AND DJT         MAGA
you will not bring back any jobs.
Pls can u make an ads on hillary remarks during the last debate on nuclear response time by adding james comey remarks
go Donald Trump. Let's reconstruct America for everyone to benefit.
God help those poor people !!
You buying foreign steel would be a start. #chinesesteel #trumpslies
Full steam ahead to the end!!!!!!

Pickett’s Charge was a massive failure...
Pennsylvania loves loves loves Donald trump!!!! We will win!!! We will be a greater country! We will feel safe! Go Trump!
It's become obvious you haven't been listening to your advisors. This speech has to capture Sun morning headlines.
Workers take a stand,Save your jobs, vote Trump.Catholics need to step up and NOT vote for HRC...Stand up for your faith.
Jew or  Christian, Female or Male, the real election choice is Life or Death: proAbortion Hillary vs proLife Trump
please explain HOW you will bring back the jobs without pushing prices up?
A job is the path out of poverty.  Unions and Government kills jobs.
please come to Minnesota!!
his organization is more likely to default on credit payments, putting his business in a cat. of “medium to high risk.”
no more Chinese Steel in Trump Towers/Hotels?
praying 4 you sir!
How come you didn't buy some American steel while you were there? Still have all that Chinese steel to use on your projects
are you bringing your out of USA comps to PA?  Or any USA city?
10th victim of tRump abuse comes forward. #trumpabuses #putinpuppet #trumpcrash #trumpsexualassault #trumplies
, why are you in PA?  You've lost PA!  Down by 6.2 in the RCP average. Why not try to save FL or NC?  #WorstCampaignEver
and the world shaken. Go!

Please not my Beautiful Gettysburg College.  Stay away!!!   Your positions do not belong there. Nor your poison. 14 days
can you find your way back?
Bring it home Donald 
Stay on message please don't get off track 
For next two weeksGo Donald
you know all the so called important people in politics think you've already lost right?
so they'll be manufacturing your suits and ties in PA now??
go get him im voting for you on Thursday early vote TN
This is why Trump will fix the broken Obamacare. Pa will see 25% increase in healthcare. Other states listed. Hold on, Vote
come to scranton
.@realDonaldTrump threatened to sue his sexual assault victims. Well you will have to go through @tribelaw first!!!
you are a bad person
Trump's persona is that of the Lincoln: very presidential and very constitutional. Trump will bring back law and order.
get some rest Mr Brexit !! Together we will Make America Safe and strong and rich and powerful again!!
talk to Philly people. They need help
, if there's a will.. lets see.. U.S. IS THE largest economy & has the Largest open market..ALL the leverage is in the U.S.
funny if that battle was fought today what side would trump be on ???
.@realDonaldTrump Conald: Only the ignorant, the foolish, the desperate or the bigoted are following you at this point. No jobs: You lie

People do not understand that they are voting for (Trump for True Prosperity) or (Clinton for Country- killed).
how you going to bring back jobs?
my parents are insane Hilary supporters, but I am voting for you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

eat at The Dobbin House
nope
Donnie...Hillary is ahead of you in Pennsylvania. I heard your pal Roger quit your campaign.
really? Are you going to stop buying Chinese steel?

Exceptional video using one of the greatest speeches of our lifetime by @realDonaldTrump -> https://youtu.be/tHsZxJlxHYw  via @YouTube
I would like to hear tomorrow who might be some of your Cabinet Members if you could squeeze in a few would be good.
boo
speak to women in your rally!!
is Hillary going to fire her campaign manager for demeaning a woman- mocking her laugh? http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/10/21/clinton-campaign-manager-mocks-hillary-laughing-too-hard-is-her-authentic-weirdness/ …
a large crowd is no votes, it's just a crowd...
More than a few years ago,  another major battle was fought there.
Good luck!!

peace out
crooked Hillary American people will not promote a dishonest corrupt incompetent to the presidency vote Trump
Peaceful sleep..safe travels...God b with y'all..TRUMP/PENCE
Media says you are behind in AZ and that a democrat is beating Sherif Joe. Just that it is so close in AZ is bothersome
"bring jobs back"? Like the products with YOUR name on them you have manufactured in CHINA? #lies #blowhard
How? Manufacturing is automated. Those jobs are gone.
you won't be bringing back anything unless of course you have decided to buy American made steel.
Your energy and enthusiasm is inspirational @realDonaldTrump
Don't bother, take the whole day off on me!  Tax free!

