Djokaj Albanian Billionaires paid Hillary Drug Money go after her money , you even donated to her show Corruption  Truth !
Nope, no subject change  #peetape #SteeleDossier researcher "stands by" explosive claims about #trumpRussia links
Nya! （=´ω｀=）
Please stop 
You couldn't solve a puzzle with two pieces.  RESIGN.
Translation: I know I'm going to prison, but I'll start a Civil War before I do.
"I will solve" #RepealandReplace #wall #taxreform #MuslimBan #somuchwinning

We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
Good job! I think you did a great job at reaching the undecided voters! #VoteTrump
The good news is you can start cleaning this problem and the problem of outsourced jobs from your own house! #MelaniaIsIllegal #TrumpManufacturersInSweatShops
Like your wife, you mean?
The biggest problem USA faces is you as president enabling white supremacists. #impeachtrump #TheResistance
Start with your "wife".
By pardoning a criminal and ignoring laws you have brought awareness of your ignorance, corruption and derangement to the world. We know.


Start with your wives!
Trump hire me now for a security detail to combat the notorious Pink Panther Jewel Thieves ! I know, who what ,when ,how !

Report alt-right, fake news spamming troll.
Where are Melania's papers that you said were all in order and you would show them in a "few weeks"? Another lie! NY Daily News found evidence that she listed she was married on her green card. So either your marriage isn't legal or she lied!
You’ll have plenty of time to think of a solution when you’re locked up in prison...
I would respectfully remind you Melanoma – AKA @FLOTUS - apparently "modeled" in the US without a proper #visa, earning $20,056. - making her one of those dirty #illegal #immigrants stealing American jobs, @realDonaldTrump. So say your pals at @FoxNews:
#trumprussia #trumprussia #MuellerIsComing 
If not for laundering Russian $, would have nothing. Not a great b'ness man,just a criminal

Donnie "I alone can fix it" strikes again.
Alt-Right Trolls Just Got Busted Impersonating Liberals In Online Smear Campaign http://occupydemocrats.com/2017/08/24/alt-right-trolls-just-got-busted-impersonating-liberals-online-smear-campaign/ … #trumprussia #MuellerTime #impeach
You're the problem with our country!
She has taken in front of my parents when Bill was in office 10 million from Albanian Drug Lords Heroin Dealers 2mil a pop
Listen you must attack her morality and her she'll accounts go after the $ she has taken more than she can spend so get her
-There is no discuccsion- Americans want these illegals out of Our USA- They have no rights- Sucking taxpayers dry! $$$$
Fix a cut off date, let all illegals register in INS,charge hefty fee & approve them one time.Let theTreasurybe extra rich.
@joseph_baptist can we see your tax returns now that's a solvable issue now
Thank you Mr. Trump for making my morning.  I saw the Jimmy Fallon episode from last night.  I am glad to see your humor...
we sure do need illegal immigration stopped. Donald Trump For President.
One thing is sure in near futur, lines will disappear or this world will disappear
Isis income blk mkt oil/ Day 1 shoot motor or power off all well heads/ Day 2 same/ Day 3 same/ etc,etc, no oil spills
@ItsStormmy beheld trump brought racism back is about all
I do not shop at Macy's since they took your ties off their shelves when you had the courage to mention immigration
the clintons have something on the fbi
I-I-I I-I-I I-I-I
America and the world needs a modern day TR. American born. NRA Member. A proven leader and businessman.
not good idea 2 attack popular Flake n phx. He also shld have kept  mouth shut, but he's not running 4Pres! We need u 2 win
keep up the good work.libs say u r pandering to blacks, this coming from the "hot sauce" lady.
Solve? - by changing your position based on who you are addressing!
possibility of discussing the plan to bring back auto industry to Detroit and Ohio. Training Americans out of jobs.
U wont solve anything if you keeping dropping the ball.  Mexico's Pres Tweet after your comment was an embarrassment!
@VIRALATA1955     Keep the pressure on her  Doing Great!!
you can't figure out out to keep from filing bankruptcy . What tge fuck makes you think you can fix illegal immigration?
In terms of priorities, I don't think that is one of the more important issues to discuss. Granted, that is only my opinion
@Savedangel61 Massive, but we trust you to do the job, and make our country safe and proud for our future generations.
U cannot remember from dat to day what you position in immigration is, so U could not solve any problem. Try 2 plus 2= ?
and you keep pandering and America and you are a laughing stock in the world
Just brainwashed do not understand this! Every one should respect the law!
very disappointed in us. Had chance to tell non-rapist prez he was paying 4 our wall, didn't. Not a proud moment. #Choked
you don't have it right. You are way off base
open the borders. Make it legal. Problem solved.
amen
the only way you can save immigration is by being deported....let's all work to attain that goal
Please, Drumpf, emigrate.
love your immigration plan! 1 thing tho, make it less costly for poor to apply for citizenship. They deserve a chance 2
RESUÉLVEME ÉSTA
I believe that you will do as you. You have my vote.
Everyone needs to go on utube and listen to Clintons last SOTU address. Donald should use it in an ad.
Start with the Russian women coming in here as tourists making money as whores..like Melania Trump. Youre such hypocrite!!!
Deport parents of children born in USA. Spend Billions on foster care!!! What a stupid plan.Anyone think of that?
idiot
@mikesmith8026 
The Lord will take care of it.
America and the World needs a modern day TR. American born. NRA Member. A proven leader and businessman.
En buen español: estás desquiciado y eres un peligro para tu país y el mundo. Espero que tus compatriotas no te elijan
Amen
why do you lie so much
first of all the Dept of Homeland Security will go bankrupt & US  citizens will be paying for the wall by being taxed
why so sluggish tonight?? Low energy! Big big fail. A tremendous failure
Trump's speech sounded like Hitler rounding up the Jews.
.You are a lunatic  and a liar
the Trump phenom only occurred because the weakness of the GOP.
you shamed our state with your presence and speech. The forces of good will defeat you.
had you let 11million stay up would have had a chance.  Very sad
U put on great speech,too bad your change in stance again will cause u to lose presidency beside myself.
Doing an awesome job Donald J Trump, keep up your amazing and unrelenting momentum toward the white house.
hypocrite
No one needs to visit to find out Mexico won't pay for the wall as clearly stated by President Penã Nieto.
You showed Mexico today and America that you mean what you say. Straight forward. No politics.
Mexican President slammed by Hillary when she thought the invite was stupid. Bad idea.
we need a wall between us and Iran. Obama is frightened.
what would you do about Iran constantly embarrassing America? Obama shows America is weak.
good Job. Thanks for going
You can't even solve your personal finances how do you expect to solve immigration reform? #CrookedTrump #DishonestDonnie
there are many good, hard working people from many different nations. Find themselves stuck in a broken pathway, scared
It is very important to many many Americans. Hillary and Obama need to move to Syria where they will get all of them
you haven't brought anything but lies!!
Vote against the Govt insiders. Poorest  big cities,Detroit,Cleveland, Cincinnati,Toledo, St Louis. US Census 2012. Change!
Trump modelling agency = illegal immigration.  Just like Melania.  You lie.
You were not being "sarcastic" when you said you were deporting everyone? Sarcastic or bullshit? It all sounds the same.
Illegals,  VISA should be thorough as well.
Iranians own most of Gas stations, Muslims becoming Dr.
.   In a comm. play bill saying he didn't have sex and Hilary say she did not send classified emails
Crooked Donald's Trump Model Management profiting off of immigrants working illegally in U.S.. Way to look out for America!
yeah illegal immigration is a solemn problem seen in the past few years.
why go trotting to Mexico when their pres calls?  Not presidential.  Sad.
let's start by deporting Melania, and your other illegal girls
you know weer you can go to? TO HELL!
@mxstudio142
if you standing what you originally campaign but if you flip flop now you still think that to be proud of it disgusting
http://thompalmerpolitics.blogspot.com/2016/08/fulfilling-destiny.html …
LOL
The first illegal entrance was the Mayflower

As if congress will allow the revenue from consumerism and taxes of 11 million people to leave the US.
Trumps "Waffle House". Could be a great ROI. It's not like you need to explain the concept.
well, YOU..alone , can't solve, but you will get the right people to figure it out!
realty is illegal aliens with children born here should be given permanent residency with no voting rights ever
How does Clinton plan to pay for the social security benefits these refugees receive in an already failed program?
really so I guess you won't need all the billions they pay to this country when you savagely throw them out!
I, I , I,  Donny the narcissist
your immigration plan imports foreign models 2 replace average American women u consider "pigs"
. President Trump.  Stand your ground on deportations and keeping Syrians OUT of America.
con please shut,,,,!
you will create more issues than you will ever solve
Start with your own family "From Sweden" right
By breaking immigration laws to import cheap labor and models?
Deport your wife she broke the laws when she arrived
Oh really? https://twitter.com/russchoma/status/770655828563165184 …
@HillaryClinton @CNNPolitics @FoxNews @abcnews
#HOW
You're awesome Mister Trump! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
the ECONOMY first and foremost sir
please include national guard and spec-OPs reservists. Every state would have their troops do AT on the border! Success
flip flopper Trump will say and do anything
You will solve nothing. Dangerous Demagogue.
You brought it back so ably that you were able to occupy all sides of it. Depressing!
Blowhard!  Solve the illegal wives you've BOUGHT into this country.  Jerk.
Rapists, terrorists, maids, people with different color skin & languages. Shoot-em-up cowboy! Right between the eyes.
please,with your great wisdom,the most wisdom,explain to America how you plan to follow through with any of ur ideas. #Dumb
How?
sorry that you won't win. such a waste of money and effort. you are the best choice to face Hillary. she deserves you!
how will you solve it? Do you have an actual plan of action or just words?
from your wife, looks like you brought more back than a subject. where is she from? Surely not the USA
Please tell us how you will solve it.  Please?  We all have ideas you know?
Be proud for raising the issue that changes nothing &cost you the election; you really are having some dementia aren't you?
flip flop flip flop flip flop...hmmm can't wait for the next flip flop
you brought immigration back alright - with your shameful statements about anyone who isn't a white male
after you wife go out I'm going to follow you
desperate to convince black folks to vote for your crazy ass.  @CNN @davidaxelrod
How.....?
,One position of strength, and 1 only, enforce the laws simple, no position change there , just the laws
will not solve shit. He has not given any details on any plan he has pitched yet. Not a single one. Check facts yourself.
There's your millionth mistake: it's "WE" not "I"! WE....
.@realdonaldtrump Your immigration plan is now exactly what Pres Obama is currently doing. You're a joke.
Have you been in the US the past 4 or 5 years? Illegal immigration wan't brought up by you.
We have never missed the Apprentice and even have your board game, unopened.  So guess are forever fans!!
it was always front and center you damn narcissist
Sorry.....Had to vent. Doubt u are listening but oh well. We love you and your family values Mr. PRESIDENT!!
He ran FInance dept for Hyatt Regency and BOOM. Now what?  I can't work now due to being his caretaker and I am bitching.
We love you in Phx.  Don't know what we will do with this situation of stroke so young and not being able to work,
would love to attend event, hubby had stroke and he's 58. sorry can't make it have MRIs scheduled again that day.
Respectfully, when u lose ... please go home and shut ur mouth.
You can't even tell a straight story about it; how are you going to solve it Flip Flop Don?
how's your wall?
Whyn would a racist say something like that??
@SpeakerRyan Deal w/inept,unaccountable,inefficiency w/USCIS/ICE daily!Agents unskilled w/ law&decision process!NeedRevamp
please bring universal healthcare back into the discussion, down with Big Medical special interests
Day 1 get rid sanctuary cities  then get rid criminals, Day 3 take away food stamps, welfare, education if illegal
If you ever said anything other than I. Narcissist. Except you need to look into pond & fall in. Little round mouth, ugh.
Prime example of why you need to do this....https://www.facebook.com/LouisianaStatePolice/posts/1428924340457485 …
Yep.
- go back to Germany.
really? How? Exactly?
finally on the right track keep it simple don't bloviate
Still getting an education on how to be a real leader
you're the rooster that believes it is his call that raises the sun
BS
How exactly will you solve?  Specifics?
Bringing it up is a nice reminder. Thanks. You can't solve it with your racist attitude. USA need Hillary to do that.
No, you won't.
You need to get back to the economy ...
You give yourself too much credit. Immigration has been at the forefront for over a decade now #youshouldreadmore
Illegal immigration has been a political subject for years. Nothing new. Time for an inclusive solution, not a racist one.
let me guess, one hour after elected pres. you will do this!  One hour is all it takes.
immigration is a huge problem. America should have never let your German ancestors in to this country
I doubt it.  How are you going to do this?  You have NO plans!
FLIP FLOPPER!
I think it was on the agenda before that--i.e, Obama exec orders, Dreamers Program, etc.
