
Case 1:16-cv-04642-RA Speaking of hypocrites.
stop Donald!!! You need to win them back! Humility is a good virtue. Ask for forgiveness, then move to issues & solutions
Politics itself is a DEPLORABLE thing supported and run by DEPLORABLE people. This country is in serious trouble!!
This RT @realDonaldTrump So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
Honestly, I've heard women say things just as bad!
#Sicko
we're watching, and you're leading the pack. #stylife
Exactly
we LOVE YOU SO MUCH PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP AND THAT WONT CHANGE!
Coming from the man who argues, "only I can fix it."
that would be those that supported you. We don't need any of those losers
so if you're forgiven so is Bill. Clean slate for everyone.
The Constitution allows everyone the right to express their opinions. Not just you. Quit now and save your secrets.
Well my dear , you would certainly know from self-righteous hypocrites wouldn’t ya now?
Like Luther Strange!! You endorsed

Donald don't worry about them. It's nothing for them not to like a candidate. Just do your rallies. Stay on message. #MAGA
Your such an embarrasment
You are the king of self righteous ness.  Seen your polls? Funny you have a fun house mirror   Can't see truth. Your days r numbered
So just like your poll numbers and election, Crooked Donnie?
Ummmm 36%
If you back them we can bet our lives on it.
Won't be long now. 
Putin elected you.
33K emails lets get them I dont care if they are from putin or from some kid in his moms basement
the state department and FBI have seen them go cry a river in putins country
No no. They haven't seen the 33K erased emails.  Sorry.
yes she deleted them after the state department seized them and turned them over to the FBI
No. They were deleted while under subpoena, get your facts straight.
she turned them into the state department first I was literally reading this on politofact the other day ?
You literally misunderstood what you read
still hide, though none of these people found her not to be guilty of anything ?
it's over
They have NoMoralCode Anything goz! #SecularProgressvs apprv of BabyPart sales!Agenda is attempt a takedown based on R CODE
Many of these GOP hypocrites are only in it for themselves not for the people they serve! This is why we need Donald Trump!
doubtful, dear. You are the one going down.  Oh, don't forget to take gypsy @Al_Baldasaro with you!
Just let it happen, their words are not being watched as closely as yours!
Love how so-called "patriots" cannot even defend their own women. You deserve to be called deplorable and wear a green frog
It's hard to hear you over all this projection.
after the election is over, will Trump finally enter rehab?
Only "ONE" Name on GOP Ticket.
Donald J Trump
That's OUR ONLY Vote unless @Reince Steps UP to FIX GOP
Go Trump!!!! Take off the gloves tonight!! You're a NEW YORKER, you know what to do!    We need you to win!!!  USA!!!!!
the ones that are not reelected this round will go out of office next two years cycle.
I'm voting Trump and all D's if they don't change their position. They all serve WallStreet, what difference does it make?
GO TRUMP! GO TRUMP! GO TRUMP! GO TRUMP! GO TRUMP! GO TRUMP! GO TRUMP! GO TRUMP! GO TRUMP! GO TRUMP! GO TRUMP! GO TRUMP!MAGA
.@realDonaldTrump WHO is attacking another marriage right after he's heard on tape boasting about cheating on his wife? #GetOutOfOurCountry
Bill & Hillary Clinton are the two biggest hypocrites in the world. Both are corrupted as hell!
please don't take advice from the republican hacks tonight be the Donald that got you here. All guns blazing!!!
Pepe? did you do your chores today? .. wash the White Sheets? You didn`t Forget The Hoods, right?
is stewing in madness right now, little brain obsessed, little hands furiously typing, pacing around his golden playpen
you mean, you?
Ben
Trump talked about grabbing p**sy on tape. @HillaryClinton 's husband actually grabbed it on video. WhY is @billclinton quiet? Ole punk!! https://twitter.com/regated/status/784759594740490241 …
yup. Clinton is a predator too. But so is trump
you have zero proof. I have proof. And u want bill to get back in the White House ?
Trump talked about grabbing p**sy on tape. @HillaryClinton 's husband actually grabbed it on video. WhY is @billclinton quiet? Ole punk!! https://twitter.com/regated/status/784759594740490241 …
Can't even get it up
You act like a little spoiled child @realDonaldTrump I have never been so embarrassed by this country
G
Speaking for yourself, are you?
Bannon your attack Dog will carry out your evil Plan's ha ha ha ha ha digging yourself deeper into the Manure.....#PresidentBannon
#TrumpSoHo foreclosure
Did you suddenly get a glimpse of yourself in a mirror?  Your job is to unite not divide. Please let criticisms go. It s part of your job.
Never thaught you could be such a good auto-critic... Even old farts can change. I guess...

.@realDonaldTrump, please confirm these are fake/ phony/lies, because I don't want to leave my children to try to defend these types of comments.  Was it Hillary, Obama. Comey. or Mueller that actually said this?
Anything Trump has SAID is nothing compared to what Hillary has DONE!
Get your facts. There were hours of investigation of Hillary that found nothing - Jason Chaffetz gave up
I'm STILL VOTING TRUMP!!!
How?
Ha
You're going down with them!
do you know what Hillary Clinton's plans are for you and your family, get ready to be eating out of garbage cans
Future President Trump: "Prescience is a word that defines vision, foresight, creative discernment or perception -D Trump
Stay strong tonight, we know you have everything it takes, Mr. Trump!

still whining, #DotardDonnie?
RAPIST! GROPER!!!
is the shittest dude I've ever seen, Please tell me u saw that interview w/ the old hoes one had a arm sling on
Girl, YAAASSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!
Like OMG, Paula Jones is like 473lbs nowJuanita looked like Bernie sanders but who was the arm sling bimbo
You are on a roll, S!!!!! 
We know how Trump feels about weight Paula Jones comes on there looking like she just came from a all u can eat jointoh I'm so mad
Please, keep defending yourself Cheeto. You just make our point more valid. #GOP #Election2016 #Trump
Attacking Bill Clinton will make your behavior OK?
tick tick tick, bye bye Dump, Hello Democratic SWEEP!!!
@politicususa SURPRISE U HANG WITH HER. SHES NOT A TEN. LOL
I agree. There are a million hypocrites out there, but they would never admit it.  They know in their hearts they lie.
The news media once again spinning their selves into a tail spin. No pretense on who they work for. Trump rules!
Take  gloves off ~ come out swinging tonight v lying, cheating, corrupt, pay for play, criminal CLINTONS!
you lead them
I think you need a tissue
Benghazi. Ram it down her throat. It's time.
U are correct. Elite Hippocrates . God judges not them. Wrong yes but no big deal.V T
After tonight debate and tomorrows revelations you'll need a magnifying glass to see your poll numbers #Donocchio
we support you!! #trump2016
IRAN JUST DID A ACT OF WAR AGAINST THE USA! RAISE SOME AMERICAN HELL!
I am and the republican'ts are losing big time. Like you.
show the audio of HRC laughing about getting the rapist of a 12 year old girl. That needs to be all over the news!!!
can you believe they have nothing better to do than count how many times you sniffled??
@Karilyncatalin1 @realDonaldTrump
us female "deplorables" are not offended,locker room talk! Just Make America Great Again!!!!!
Hey ladies on the panel.....how many of you are going furniture shopping later?
. @realDonaldTrump So ironic to hear the guy who buys 13-year old sex slaves talk about hypocrisy.
The Untold Story -
I think Hillary's lies, putting our country at risk, being two faced  that is a basket of deplorables
While you're at it watch your downfall as well.
#debate #debate2016 Yes, your poll numbers will drop like no other. #Trump losses.  YOU'RE FIRED!!!
You should learn what is really in the tax plan the Republicans are touting, so that you realize that it only really helps millionaires.
It's quite possible today is the anniversary of the Bowling Green Massacre. How will you remember what might have happened?
You pathetic horses ass. God just shut up already. People are done with you! Are you that fucking deluded? You're fired!
this is the only one for president, unless you like the idea of being a zombie.broke, sick an owned by the gov, what she is
lmao - your such a joke 
plz give us more
We could have not done a better job than you have taking down the GOP !!
Mr. Trump, if kasich, portman and others in Ohio let you down, all my votes except Presidential are going democrat.
what about Anonymous on Clinton's yesterday?
Hey Donald you did an excellent job at the debate. Well done.
ScrewedThemselvesMillionsOfTrumpSupportersHaveVowed2NotVoteGOPDownlinesTheyWillNotVote4AnyGOPWhoDoesNotSupportTrump RT RT
Ryan agrees with Hillary on NAFTA, and TPP. He does not lie about it.
Doing great. Keep it up.
I wonder if they talk about double digit losses in locker rooms?  @lefthandaz
you stand your ground tonight Donald, you will not lose. Hillary is out to bury you but don't let her get under your skin.
a man who can't provide his tax record wants to become your president. And your patriotism is to vote him in?
great job Mr Trump
Yep, your party is filled with hypocrisy and you are the leader
lol

waw you did grat to nite
They are sanctimonious peacocks who have the same skeletons in their closets.
the leadership is afraid they only care about the power and not the people.  They don't know what goes on out here.
Deplorable!
#debate #debatenight #Debates2016
With his threat to arrest a political opponent, Donny would be a better fit for Egypt or South America than the USA.
Chill, Donald. You're tweets may make YOU feel good, but only you. Often damaging.
fuck you, Donny !!!
can somebody tell me why he is not answering any question is there allergy in the air that bad.
You've catered to the wealthy your entire life, how can we be sure you'll take care of everyone else if elected?
-  it's just how men talk when no one is listening... STOP EAVESDROPPING ON PEOPLE!
In your wildest dreams!!!
listen u have shown humility and apologized move your offenses for her to be defensive and attack her bad judgement
Hillary's poll numbers are going UP
I'd watch using that word hypocrite. Right now you are the very definition of the word.
Sorry, running on a family values platform while bragging about grabbing women in the pussy takes hypocrisy to a new level
rile her trump!  Make her shake in her shoes.
before u judge others, pls tell us how many fake boobs in ur family
#BitchesVote
....says the self-righteous hypocrite rapist of 13-year-olds....
I hate the media! How is it the audio tape has dominated over the wiki leaks. Wow!!!! Stay on Focus an don't go in the mud

Americans STANDING For Trump!
a hypocrite is what you are by saying we should forget what your mess 10yrs ago and not Bill Clinton 25 yrs !
Would love see that Mr.Trump.. You are already trailing, such a wonderful prediction.

These athletes included! I am mom of 3 grown boys and have 2 brothers. Hell yes Locker Room talk is the word!
- DEBATE REAL ISSUES OF TODAY!  Don't DEBATE THE PAST!!
Bill Clinton while president had sexual relations with Monica Lewinsky and Hillary Clinton talking about morals.
you are my best candidate wish you good luck mr president
Such a petulant child.
Keep your head up and your ankles protected fr all the dogs in Hollywood and in the media Mr. Trump
Speaking of "going down" how are your wife and daughters?
hahahahahahaha your losing trump!!!!!!Bigly,bigly!!!!
I'm happily watching yours go down the drain.
and they deserve it!!
every time ROTTEN says anything about you personally SLAM her with HOW YOU WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN #LockHerUp #LIAR
Just...No, dont.Not helping.
how was your weekend Donald
you're going to lose. By a landslide
No Donald, it's called principles, a belief in something more important than self. Something you know nothing about
Ever notice how many people bought the book "50 Shades of Gray" and they're worried about your words!!  Hypocrites for sure
As your's are
"Our 130million voters already decide to vote for trump on November 8, no less but more.."
Oops, Mighty Mouth:
I believe it would be a mistake to dwell on the tape subject tonight - apologize and pivot to the issues - win don't lose.
please stop name-calling.  Only going to hurt you.  Think positive thoughts
described Mexicans as "Rapist" and was then caught describing how he assaults women...HYPOCRITE.
to all these haters I'll be laughing my ass off when Hillary gets buried by WikiLeaks
@CallyGirl18 you do not speak the truth, what you say sounds ignorant. Look in the mirror & you will see biggest hypocrite.
Don't forget to ask America to forgive.  Then the burden is on them.
Life is a learning curve.
Apologise in 10 words or less, and show presidential dignity.
Dont buy into it. We have faith
lol Someone Sounds Butt Hurt...
Good move by @realDonaldTrump to force the mainstream media to cover Hillary mistreated her husband raped victim just before the debate.
Stop Be above them all. just sit there with a smile.
