Yep granting waivers sure is draining the swamp. NOT
, uh-oh...I can see why elites want to take away your "dangerous" Twitter access...
you are the swamp.
So, how's the swamp draining going? Can't manage to grasp the problem with such small hands??
#Fillingtheswamp 2 the brim with ur crooked family and crooked friends @GOP #TRAITORS
Meanwhile, Corey Lewandowski, Trump man, is opening a lobbying firm.
BS
lies!
so soon you forget your own words. One honeymoon is over, your base will not support you. #LIARinTheWhiteHouse
#loves HIS #lobbyists in #Washington; is filling up the #swamp with his own #excrement. Sad.
Well, add that to the list of things you said during campaign that your not doing now that you're #PeeOtus.
#notmypresident
looks like you called it 2 months in advance.
what happened to doing this?????
Hi ! Hello Mr. I've not say so .
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
your going to drain the swamp but keep all the snakes. lol. Nice job Donny
Do you ever get tired of the sound of your own voice and the lies you tell? You're not very nice.
If this is true, you need 2 seriously reassess some of the ppl you're considering for your cabinet. #draintheswamp
Really? Your transition team is made up of those same lobbyists you speak of!
i didn't like that either but he and Pence just got rid of the whole group of lobbyists!  Yay!
Another of @realDonaldTrump lies exposed.
Sure Donnie, drain the swamp right into the White House.
great job mr president all the haters are worried about losing their cushy jobs I voted for you and will again!!
don't forget to restrict fed officials from using the revolving door
definitely. But concentrate also on the economy tonight. Americans understand having major taxes taken out of their paychec
he's going to give the big tax cuts to the millionaires not you honey...
How do you know? Are you a mind reader?
yes...
Address Ryan and conflict of interest with lobbyist wife.
His wife hasn't been Democrat or lobbyist in 16yrs. Debunked urban legend.
Donald Trump Is The Only Choice!
Why does @realDonaldTrump's mouth always look like a prolapsed anus?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYWbatgKN4g …
Populating the "swamp" much faster than you can "drain it." #PresidentTrump #draintheswamp
Can you explain how it will stop bribery of our gov. officials. A major corruption contributing factor.Ty
how will title changes fix the lobbyist over the top influence on our gov. = corruption? What about bribery?
"I don’t want to hurt them. They’re good people"  WHAT? Like snakes they will bite you if you do nothing!  Be smart!
George Soros Has Committed Treason AND he, Killary and the Neocons are going to try to OUST you!  Jail them ALL!
THANK YOU DONALD FOR ALL YOU ARE DOING YOU WILL BE THE ONE PERSON THAT IS GOING TO SAVE THE USA
you really closed those loopholes! #notmypresident
Oh ffs, you're filling your ranks with the same bullshit artists.
Hiring #SteveBanon  will haunt you and as you noticed right now is the topic of conversation. Terrible optics.
is that your way of denying opposition to NRA
i guess not huh?  More lobbyists and a racist to boot. Draining the swamp my ass.
Hahahahahahahahaha
will you please explain to the public that the protest and the hate crimes need to stop.
liar
.@realDonaldTrump Drain the swamp? Everyone you're putting in place in your transition team & administration is a DC insider! #Hypocrite
Shame on you. We are still HERE.
but you're not.  Using all DC and Lobbyists. SSDD.
that doesn't make any sense. How would "expanding" the definition do what you're saying it will
Thank you for being a real person. Without the weight of pretentiousness success is yours, as will be ours. Thank You Sir.
tax loopholes too? Doubt it, you'd have to pay taxes.
You ARE the swamp.
#draintheswamp ha I don't think you know how.
you are definitely not starting very well on the "drain the swamp" project...but then you were lying about that too.

by adding more swamp people really! Not draining but I truly  wish you were. I hope you will show me you're for me.
why don"t you just plain get rid of them
Please vet these people thoroughly .. You promised to rid the government of lobbyist. Not put them in power!
you are going to expand the definition of lobbyist to include sitting cabinet membe!?
Where are the outsiders? You are appointing the same insiders who have been supporting the 1% all along. LIAR.
We can #DrainTheSwamp
by ridding it of #Weapons #Warmongers
SALESMEN like
https://twitter.com/NATOSource/status/798609511376306176 …
@realDonaldTrump
R-Adml Chris Parry (ret): UK "Government is being irresponsible. It just shows that our warships are for the shop window & not for fighting" 
So far, your "best people" are some of the worst in DC. Career politicians. Clearly you lied when you said this. #duped
You handed everything over to the establishment and white nationalists. You are weak. Extremely, extremely, bigly weak.
yawn
You will be a lame duck President. Just a figure head. You are weak and all will know it.
@SpeakerRyan is going to do everything. You are weak. The establishment Republicans are going to run right over you.
go to hell
you say terrible things  !
mafia no women hater no liar no rasist no nazist no Mr trump 
n e v e r !!
We hear you!May God be with you!
clicker was used by WWII paratroopers behind enemy lines to identify each other, Trump supporters need to use it tooSO COOL
good
you must hit florida n new yorkers n california to vote for you!

CLEAN UP GOVERNMENT and the people will follow, then the world. DJT'S CONSTRUCTION BACKGROUND HAS HELPED HIM DEFEAT ANARCHY
The check you sent to me was rejected by the bank. They said it was fake. Rewrite me another before i vote for Clinton
A true outsider that can take corruption out of our government!  VOTE TRUMP!
Weirdness in TX: http://kissfm969.com/early-voters-from-amarillo-are-saying-their-votes-were-changed-on-the-ballot/ …
In response to Donald duck,  put  pinocchios nose on Hillary's  face
@europafreunde GOX is bashing g you. I turned them offYou are amazing!
u are the biggest lobbyist there and it is for you and your co. This has nothing to do with people of USA. Sad
Nice and kill crony capitalism give away to a corporate market space that needs to compete.
. Term limits.
@Mike_Beacham will it include anyone paying money to a foundation set up by a politician that will shut the whole industry
Go Trump, you will be surprised of how many supporters you have that will vote, lets just pray they are counted.
you're not going to do anything because you're going to lose
DARLING - THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE HOPEFULLY SMARTER THAN TO ELECT YOU, THEREFORE - YOUR INFLUENCE AND OPINIONS MEAN NADA!!!
LOBBYING SHOULD BE OUTLAWED...MAKE IT A FELONY...THAT WILL SLOW DOWN CORRUPTION AND CREATE AUTOMATIC TERM LIMITS..
being kelly's puppet
U KAT MEL ME SCK SKY SIT DWN & SHUT UP !
Barack Hussein  go back to work instead of spending 100 of thousands I fuel in your never ending campaign for crooked HRC
Obama thinks that he stills is running easy job go back to work community activist that never held a job
@DKhasMK #MAGA #H2H4TRUMP #CCOT #prolife #praytoendabortion #4the UNBORN #Jesus #pray4ALLaffectedbyMatthew #Luke 8:17
http://www.rawstory.com/2016/10/burn-in-hell-anger-over-trumps-rigged-election-talk-leaves-keith-olbermann-trembling/ ….
Have some decency
um, I don't know if you noticed, but you aren't going to win.
PLEASE STICK TO YOUR PLATFORM ECONOMY & HILLARY FAILURES &TAXES &SECURITY/LAW ENFORCEMENT! DON'T GO OFF PLAN NO TIME LEFT!!
Trump & buds become neighbors after careers and biz are destroyed by his stupidity
AWESOME! We've complained that for years, now someone is going to do something about it. GO TRUMP 2016
First, close down your tax loopholes. Well, that won't be possible because you will never be elected.
a good leader for USA and the world
I would like 2 yard signs
Team Trump
Thank you
sure u are Drumpf.  Another lie from the self serving, non tax paying, china steel buying fraud w/small hands & mind
Something of the year!  Congratulations, you've won that.  Go get tested for A.d.d now.

Lobbying should be banned all together.
@mizviz50 @Morning_Joe @HillaryClinton and I'm going to expand the definition of loser. Men who call women " nasty "
Lobbying should be a felony!
what about the tax loopholes?
Don"t think so! You have to be President you "nasty man"
you are more ignorant than I thought.

@Darren32895836 omg!  Those Washington criminals are sweating now!  They may have to generate resumes

#DRAINTHESWAMP  #DEPLORABLESUNITE #TAKEAMERICABACK
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154649347133459&id=6499393458 …
Lobyists are also MSM
So now he will impose his own laws? Geez.
It will all make sense when you share your tax returns!What? You're broke? Nothing to lie about nigga!
It's over #NastyDonald -- you flunked the leadership test big-time -- you won't accept election results -- it's over ...
@JGrossot Love It!!!
; it's really hard to put stock in any of your promises, when you fail to take responsibility for anything bad you did.
trump is redicules
nice
Ich bin ein LOBBYIST

What a horrible night! Don't pay your campaign for this debate! You  know how does it work! Not a good one at all!!
Millions of voters saw an angry UN-democratic Nominee of GOP melting away in despair! He immolated himself at the podium.
Drumf was very nervous at the Debate #3, sipping water & sweating bad, and p-ing in his diaper! Hillary got a clear k/o!
You're gonna wait and see if you'll accept the results? Then I guess you'll have to wait and see of I vote for you.
YOU WERE PHENOMENAL, Mr. Trump!!!
You aren't going to do shit, because you are NEVER going to be elected.  I think you know that.
Hillary is very nasty
You have not given details on how you will expand the economy.
Quit insulting her!! Stick to the issues!! Geesh!!
Quit interrupting!! Answer the questions!!!
We're going to win. You are toast, and you have ruined the GOP
we see through the press. Go Trump, go.

Hilary us setting traps, Donald hold your expression and tongue. Stay on course, you've got to do this, you will win!
I love you to pieces but stop getting sucked in by Hilary's oratorical skills. Stick to your message, ignore the jabs
F__
HER LIES MATTER
@WANAGL Ryan won't be happy about messing with the lobbyists who own him. That's Ryans BETTER WAY. More lobbyists
please do
kicking killery butt tonight
wikileaks is the messenger! What about the Message!!!!
#HRC is full of crap!
GO TRUMP!
Good move. Lobbying causes stagnancy in congress.
https://www.etsy.com/listing/472036494/fuck-trump-pin-free-shipping …
Breaking: @realDonaldTrump to appoint 20 justices to the Supreme Court...putting FDR to shame. #debate2016
I early ballot voted for you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
is an able manager -- he knows how to ensure accountability & fix the crooked corrupt system
all I want is a promise that you won't run for a second term if you do like the rest and forget your promises
How about get rid of all Lobbyists? You wouldn't dare!
Hold up. Didn't you exploit loopholes in other countries?
Go Trump
@MaryElizabeth73 start with yourself #swampthing !! Your a vulgar & sickening man!
OMG! Is that what u got? Remember u once said on the debate stage that when I give u get wht u want
... End politics as a career ... Make it a civil duty ... End corruption
Take No Prisoners
You and all your billionaire butt buddies will just make it worse.
