wah wah. Don't think its funny then watch a different show. That is the great thing about capitalism!
Oh, but it was "bigly" funny when you hosted...NOT! Buckle up, Buttercup...gonna be a long ride! Heheheeeeeeeeeeee!
I haven't watched SNL in the last 3 years because of their liberal platform. #latenight sucks waste of time.
Donald Trump was a guest host on SNL, just a couple years ago. How ironic. Hillary was never a host.
he's serious guys.
ha
Trump didn't feel this way prior to election while Hosting SNL
you were watching fox news #GoToHellTrump
I haven't watched that show in years!
Us is everyone in USA. You have to think differen
Uh....who is 'us'? Campaign's over...
You are funny enough just being you. Didn't you get enough free media coverage?
Hate the liberal bastard Alec Baldwin. Have not watch SNL in years. The show is as bias as the media
what would you expect out of sissified liberals?  They'll never learn why they were put on blast election night
it's the funniest show now that Baldwin is doing great job representing Trump he's got it down pat
hasn't been funny in decades
Dictator wannabe...
why you tweeting me Donnie boy?
You are so right.
Conservative comedy show don't last long because they really aren't funny. This is.
Late Breaking News--president-elect acting like a 4 yr old needing his binky. #stopwhiningtrump
Don’t watch it.  thought that skit was boring.
 More Important.  Michelle Obamas mother getting a pension 160K
Actually, it's the majority trying to resurrect DEMOCRACY!
LOL Making things all capital letters doesn't make it so! 
So, you aren't really laughing? No wonder. You've delivered America into the hands of a con artist. Start crying. #GodURDumb
You are not smart for believing in God 
WTF makes you think I believe in a god? You never heard of good gutteral sounds?
maybe you should do something useful with your time? Like, I don't know, run the fucking country.
That's the first thing u did wrong, u watched it #boycottsnl
equal time for who? You don't have an opponent anymore. Get over it
the show is pure brilliance. They don't like u. 75% of Americans don't like u #notmypresident #notAmericasPresident


Turned off that "crap" a few yrs ago We only watch when Adam does his "song" and Justin puts his ****in a box LMAO
ratings are down the shaft. They've lost their humor so never mind. A totally irrelevant subject.
I agree so much
omg it's SNL!!! Focus on some real issues!
You should resign.
So we should censor a show because it made fun of you? Wouldn't that be every late night talk show in history?
Just keep moving forward.
Don't forget us Americans out there rooting for you and Mr Pence!
président élu des États-Unis d'Amérique s'il te plaît ne laisse pas kabila au pouvoir après son mandat
LOL.  Awfully thin-skinned of you to demand this.  Did all that orange tan spray make your skin thin?
YOU GOT MILLIONS OF DOLLARS WORTH OF FREE PUBLICITY. YOU DON'T DESERVE ANY MORE SHAME YOUR MONEY CAN'T BUY YOU CLAS
I dont watch for that reason.
equal time on a satirical late night comedy show? Are you fucking serious? This is what we elected?
wrong
I agree. Its time for giving Trump his share of credit. Its like Modi in India, but Modi did well. Trump - too ?

- The country is dysfunction since people think being rude is freedom. we lost " courtesy and politeness". Is WRONG
Boo hoo you great fat sook!
who is "us"?
wrong.
I now hate that big nosed Alec Baldwin.
yes like the super delegate crap...
just let that stuff rest. You will be happier and a better president if you do.
And a presidential leader would ignore it and move on, not whine about it as you are doing.
Donald we the people need you to stop watching & reading liberal media and focus on the nation!!!
- SNL isn't obligated to give you equal time. They are entitled to their opinion.
Didn't you HOST SNL?
U R screwing every tax payer out there reversing the overtime rules, stats show ur voters make less than 50k dink!
Also, make sure you reduce congress and the senates retirement pay while your cutting back dink! Drain the swamp!
ISIS is the other way, homey. Classic Dongus Trumbone
.@realDonaldTrump One reason a lot of ppl are terrified of u is because they think u are psychologically unstable. This wont help calm them.
Sorry, who was totally unhinged  throwing things to their staff on election night again ?.
You have video of this, I assume?
you are going to have to ask @kincannon_show to reveal his source https://tweetsave.com/kincannon_show/status/798264132055302144 …
LMAO Yeah, he seems like a super credible source of bullshit. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Todd_Kincannon …
Still far far far behind the kind of bullshit @splcenter or @ADL_National produce daily.
I must've missed them saying Ebola victims should be executed/Ray Rice was justified beating his fiancé.
Equal time for you, when the FCC reinstates the fairness doctrine.
It's comedy; not meant to be objective. Anyone in public eye is comedic fodder. Get used to it.
well when you give him so much material i mean what do you expect?
You are so juvenile, act like a president.
Outdated medium.
It's not funny- it's hilarious. One of the only things I could tolerate during this election. 
Don, you have Faux News Network.
how about you address the REAL issues with America and less about shit like this
you still have time to watch TV?
???
sit-com targeting crying, whining and lying libs (On Fox?:) 
A target-rich environment!!!
Calm down..we don't watch it!
@ABFalecbaldwin Get ready to find your safe space again Donny.
as head honcho, u have all D time N D world, use it every day briefings with press.
- ya that's why I don't watch that Junk or CNN
You had 8 years.
I agree and shut it off!!
And Danielle Muscado, the light is Jesus Christ who you defame with DJT--he has good company.  U R A FOOL!
Maybe someday, you'll be playing Alec Baldwin. Wouldn't that be a hoot? #SNL #WannaPlayScrabbleBitch #OPPandCAKE
The show is halarious. What, no response about the bubble people tho?
TRUMP SPEAKS TRUTH! LOVE IT! ABOUT TIME!!!
Refuse to watch out of respect.
SNL doesn't merit any attention from you, Mr. PRESIDENT.
It's a high bar to reach: worst president and hasn't even taken office yet.
Then DON'T watch it!  I love it.
Not even funny anymore.
you will always be a JOKE.
dude... shouldn't you get off twitter?
Agree!
r u 4 real.
absolutely right!
oh and you lost the popular vote.
.@realDonaldTrump @nbcsnl SNL should be a safe space for people to parody what bs is going on in this country. APOLOGIZE!
Own show? Parody TERRIBLE lies, etc.?  Serve them right!
actually, it was pretty damn funny! @AlecBaldwin does you better than you!
Donny Drumpf is an ignorant racist buffoon.
how about you watch what's happening in America? Swastikas, white nationalists, attacks against people of color?
there is no equal time. Goose. Go and do some work. @KellyannePolls take his Twitter again pls. Help him focus.
They're allowed to be biased. That's part of why this country is great already! No dictatorship.
"Google... What is ISIS?"
weren't you a guest on the show recently?
is that your tinder profile? #DontheCon
so silly. Equal time? No words for this infantile comment. Worry about ruining the free world instead.
HYPOCRITE!  Equal time?  You abused the press to get billions of $ more free advertising than anyone else.  (1)
Forget stuff like this! These people are dogs!  You are OUR President! Don't waste your time on them!!!
Not funny because it is true.
i had to sit through this show and it was fake left wing non humor, especially the weekend news update segment
Well most of the world thought it was very funny, Well done @nbcsnl
Don't you have the whole world to mock?
TOTALLY HILARIOUS - have you lost your sense of humor #crookedtrump ????
Actually it's funny as hell! 
it was an actual portrayal how you've duped the American population #spotonSNL#howmanywishtheyhadtheirVOTEBACK
your Tweet was quoted by @TIME
here you have it folks. A President-elect of the United States whining like a bitch about how SNL is "too mean"Sad.
and then you remember "oh shit I'm gonna be President"
Kys
You realize it's a sketch comedy show right? Not news. Equal time? Get real
no sense of humor....take a xanax
Sorry Donald! But you are a joke on or off SNL!
stupid is stupid does sign Vietnam vet
Peter Davidson is an insult to all real comedians who came before him. He is standing on the shoulders of giants.
. Never watch them there not funny.
Come on Donald don't be a  #SourPOTUS -wanna make fun of the left? check out @scrowder's Louder With Crowder
Are you unaware that every comedian makes fun of the sitting President? Grow thicker skin. You're going to need it.
@nbcs ....you will need to toughen up...commenting on SNL does not make American greater!!!!! the are more pressing issues!
Boo hoo. Is thin-skinned, petulant little Donnie's diaper full again? @nbcsnl
WRONG
It was HILLARYous!

@KellyannePolls 
Only thing amis: Kellyanne's atrocious lantern jaw. Maybe next time, get on it SNL makeup artist!
stupid
WE DO NOT WATCH SNL. NO ONE CARES FOR IT since Baldwin. He wants to upset you. DO NOT MENTION anymore pls.
For god sake - get a sense of humor. #SNL
equal time?! I mean you want your own show or something. Hate to break it to you but that's not going to happen
I saw it.  Loved it.  Never laughed so hard before lol. @snlforthewin
what do you mean? It's all about you! That's what makes it hysterical!
LOSER...
Why are you so threatened by a TV show?
You have been watching SNL for a long time now and saying it is not funny! You watch it for masochism?
@ nbc  snl is extremely offensive to me and my husband! Not funny for years anyway!  #boycottsnl
I quit watching..they have no real talent anymore....
ha ha. Love the show. Its brilliant!! @AlecBaldwin is pure genius!! #snl #nbc #baldwin #AlecBaldwin #talent #funny
It was awesome! I think fits very well lol
actually it WAS funny. You need to laugh at yourself at times
i appreciate good comedy at anyone's expense, but nothing really made me laugh.SNL has been shit for years now.
SNL is a comedy show. They're really happy right now, you'll provide tons of material for the next 4 years.
don't you have anything better to do than to watch @nbcsnl roste you
they are very biased babies. Oh well Donald ur so dynamic & memorable the hacky parrots need to squawk I suppose
Respect. If some of you do not respect the highest office in the land, you do not know respect. Universal draft may
You don't get "equal time" - start being Presidential instead of whiny.
hate to break it to ya, Donny kid, but you just make it to easy for them to mock you. They have better words.
Change my mind Mr. Trump. Do something about Dakota pipeline. A 13 yr old shot in face. Get serious. Start there.
#NYPD @EricTrump 

FBI Exposes Clinton Pedophile Satanic Network https://youtu.be/suDHJDX90zE 
give us a reason to NOT make fun of you. Just one.
Hard to be ambivalent about a POTUS who favors torture deportation and giving the millionaires tax breaks
truth hurts orange one?
you won the election, get over yourself. You've proven nothing is fair- Hillary is still winning the popular vote!
It's not funny, just disgusting I quit watching SNL.
I thought it was hilarious. Get over yourself.
are your feelings hurt? Gosh, I'm sure they're sorry and will change their ways. Don't you have more to worry about?
that's not how it works. It's a comedy show that has parodied every President in its time. #GetAThickerSkin
need a safe space, Donald?
it was hilarious
Don't count on that happening, ever.
hurt much Donald
oh so it is us and them now
Dear Mister President Elect don't you have bigger things to worry about and deal with than satiric comedy on SNL
It is kind of funny, but it has become a personal vendetta by Alec Baldwin& some Dem actors like Hamilton, rude
seriously? Such a cry baby
