


May we expect the unveiling of a new charity-funded portrait? #corruptTrump
Would serve him right.
The only network that will drink your Kool-Aid.
@faagifts @FoxNews Stay on course.
u pay fox-unews ? thats the only reason they would lie outta their asses about u. the very worst news @foxunNews

Tweets tell me more about that dude.
I don't watch fake news
Dance, monkey, DANCE!
I truly dig it. You're baiting him instead of just bashing. He's malleable! Nice touch. Go get 'im  grrrl !
it's just so damn easy. And fun.
The male ego is like that. Some of us grow out of it.
Not djt.
well, his hands never grew out of childhood, so...
The Fox? Seriously? Even in Europe,we know they're full of shit.
Puke. Watching paint dry would be better.
Don't enjoy yourself too much later tonight.
keep it up sweety. The dragon has been snared. Keep pushing, there's lots to do, and you will succeed at all of it
vayy başkan sen buraları bilir miydin? Severek izliyoruz merak etme iyi yayınlar 

When will you be interviewed by REAL news? We don't need to see your ass kissed, we want questions answered.
how can you hear the questions when they have their head up your ass?
I will be recording it to catch up on the truth tomorrow after work. The media will destroy it by then.

We the people will never kneel 2 anyone who attempt 2 delegitimize your win,We got your back @DeplorableTrain
Enjoy? Some of us have other things to do. Thanks, anyway.
You mean like trolling the President-Elect's Twitter account? BOOM.
A comment is trolling? Believe me. I have better things to do. Go away, little #Minion.
not for enjoyment! Be humble, as your mother would say! #oldNewYorker
Kill one thousand self harm eight hundred， if you fire trade war with China
I don't stand a chance to be on your cabinet, I am not a millionaire
Good luck

yet you cry about the media. You funny orange man, you funny.
The King of FAKE NEWS on the King of FAKE NEWS!  #FAKENEWS
DJT says 'look at me'. Vanity. You know that.
not real news
come one come all!!! Listen to #stupid #irrational & #unfit. There is no better reality show in earth! Enjoy!!
great job President elect
it must be great to be around your own kind.  Old white men with flaccid cocks that assault women.  How quant
You announced 3 times already donald che NARCISSIST!!!
Wallace didn't ask you how your HHS pick affects your promise not to mess with Medicare. Care to address?
Never. Stop tweeting
If you want job creation then why'd you hire a fast food CEO that plans to replace all his employees with robots?
thank goodness I don't have  cable!

same Fox news propaganda. Trashes other media to avoid questions opposition and scrutiny
I'll be watching Snakes on a a Plane.
basically the same thing. #orangeisthenewtreason
your peotus needs to have better than grade three level grammar.  #liar #pig #fuckface
wow lots of hateful stuff out there.  How terrible.  Good luck Donald J. Trump



Repetition is key. Glad you get interviewed on the official brainwashing channel of the @gop over and over and o..
shouldn't you be looking for russian hackers???
.. Why would he do THAT, when he called on them to do it in the first place? Notice how he ADAMANTLY DENY it?
Are you announcing something big? Like hiring the 'very experienced' El Chapo to run DEA?
el chapo is in prison. Try and guess another name
Donald will be in prison soon too.
clinton will go first, then obama, then that dnc chair debbie s. #maga
Read the news. He's in bed with Putin. Traitor!!
u mean fake news? Nope i dont read fake news. Obama is in bed with iran. Irony?
you seem like a nice person... brainwashed.. but a nice person
not brainwashed i just love this country, i respect the flag, proudamerican
Be careful. This interview made it seem like you don't know what you're doing. Don't want that getting out.
the entire country will enjoy if you step down
even @FoxNews Is turning on you
Both the Prime Minister of Canada and the President of Mexico are more handsome than Donald Trump. #buttugly
Fox News = Trump mouth piece. They couldn't do real journalism if they tried. Hannity is an absolute joke.
Rarely watch Fox. Most biased network out there.  Cavuto and Carlson are rude.  Hannity and O'Reilly are pias.
o
@MittRomney would make a much better president... you're a traitor.
weldone that man!

PLEASE  STOP OBAMA FROM TRYING TO CAUSE  TERROR IN OUR COUNTRY!!!  HE IS ALLOWING HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS REFUGEES !
And now releasing MURDERERS FROM GITMO??? CAN'T CONGRESS STOP HIM???
.@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So Hannity gets to lube up a bend over for an hour?
you mean, enjoy the vomiting we all do when we look at you?
TE Connectivity Rock Hill SC needs your help!! moving to China.  many families need your help
@gsarnoldjr @FoxNews great interview！
thanks
When the President of the USA does his own PR... and ratings drop anyway..... hmmmmm very telling.
Fox News is fake news
Fauxnews.... Fakenews....RepublicanNews...unfair and unbalancedNews...KissTrump'sAssNews
Right-WingNews...Bash the DemocratsNews.....BiasedNews
I believe you're jealous you don't have as many biased news networks as the Democrats.......LOL
what is the big deal? They're biased...so what...so is Foxnews..so is Breitbart...they don't have any power
WHO CARES!
#FakeNews originated HERE, on your Twitter account. #HeardFromAnExtremelyCredibleSource
#NEVERPresident #MAGA
EXTRA paranoid?
ALL of YOUR skeletonswill be exposed, like cheating to win. I can't wait until you are locked up! #MAGA
I'm sure you talking about the pedophilia team lead by Clinton,Bushes,Soros and evil ones in W.D.C.
let's move the inauguration date up a month
President Word-Salad

#TWDMidSeasonFinale is on!!!
If u were smart you'd realize the importance of daily briefings. U r very stupid to not understand that.
nobody with half a brain watches FoxNews.
Of course you will. We all know that's your safe-haven for soft questions and self-loving falsehood pleasure...
It should definitely be suspicious when someone only get interviewed by @FoxNews... collusion? pay-to-play? Who knows.
#FirstStepOfFascism is to control one media and attack any dissenters
Who cares.  When I see your face, I change the channel.
You won!  Release your taxes.
Will they be asking you how it feels to Putin's useful idiot?

sorry, just booked a last minute colonoscopy. Much more fun.
ONE day your supporters are goiing to #waketfup and when they do, #run4urlife Maybe not. You'll be #injailwiththem
Sucks.
Thanks I just threw up in my mouth!!  Instead of water boarding make them listen to u!!  TORTURE!!
Your scripted interviews are just Trumpaganda. Act like a smart person and President and answer real questions.
. Fox news is solely a Trump supporting station.  They lie like u do!!  You'll never be president!!
lol ... Fox ... You going to tell the truth about your antitrust history and fraud ... Emoluments ... Debt ... Tax
Exxon put in EPA call to Putin ... Debt ... Emoluments ... Fraud ... Article lll... Treason Small hands short us A

dance puppet dance #AMJoy
heard about your cabinet picks, not good. the definition of  fascism is running the country thru corporate hands. not good.
careful bro. all media is biased and dishonest right?

911 Healthcare Matter of Life and Dealth.
Thanks for the warning.
#DumbDonald .. More rally slogans?  #WheresTheBeef?
tell me whats enjoyable about hearing more lies and BS from you? Weekends the only time news is trump free luv it!
no thanks, think I'll watch the Mickey mouse show, much more informative....
one of the reasons I couldn't wait for u to lose-so sick of u bing on all over the TV. Leave us alone already.
thanks for the warning
it's gonna be YOOJ. just like ur hands. ahahahaaaa!
Donald, you really must get a job with all these tweets you really have to much free time
Thanks for the warning!
Fox News is for the losers!
Yep, will enjoy switching the channel to avoid the lies and deceit. Trump=Putin Puppet. #notmypresident
#makeamericagreatagain siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
..I seen most of it.. I liked all of his answers...
Nobody I know watches Fox News. Sorry!
enjoy???? Are you kidding me you come on TV off and than I go to bathroom and puke
too scared of questions from other stations? Fox must be your safe place, they don't question/fact check you.
you should fire the make up artist. Painting the bags under your eyes white fooled no one.
I wouldn't watch you if you paid me $1,000.00.
Because there's just nothing like basking in the warm glow of ass-kissing and sucking up - very Presidential!
enjoy JFK!
The interview gave me  much confidence in you. So impressed with lowering taxes and rolling back its  regulations.
Again BORING I WILL knit its more interesting
Cool. I need a good laugh.

Talk about http://www.pollhype.com/melania-trumps-shocking-secret-past/ …
FOX NEWS CREATES STORIES #fauxnews
What a breath of fresh air over the the career politicians who never held a real job.  Kick some ass Donald
You mean FAKE NEWS NETWORK!  Did you get your questions ahead of time?!
DON'T WATCH FAKE NEWS
I truly think I am in a nightmare. Those news outlets you can't buy, you call biased. I guess Fox was for sale.
And there's my answer!
@antmaurizio
Reply to @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews This fox news?  http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/12/12/fox-just-called-trump-pay-play-hypocrisy-face/ …  #toddlerinchief
I'm sure they'll be okay with how "smart" u are.  Otherwise u wouldn't be interviewing with them. SAD!
because only ignorant ppl who only agree with ur rhetoric watch fox. So sad ur so thin skinned.
Dumpy Fox ratings.  No one else will have you on.  What's next?  Alex Jones?  hahahaha
won't be watching. You are just an old time carnival barker. You conned the US/traitor.
That should be good, purveyors of fake news interviews world's biggest liar, result: Totally FUBAR, I mean BIGLY
the only thing I will enjoy is when you are brought up to justice! #DonTheCon

FOX Entertainment?
Wait, I didn't watch it. Oh well, I still didn't enjoy it. Just like you don't believe intel briefs you haven't seen.
sad!
our own renewable grid without your help. Or join us-mandate 80%
if at some point you plan to actually tell the truth in an interview, let us know.  Otherwise, maybe don't tweet.
27$×40m Bernie fans=SunBernSolar Inc 1.8 bn powers a city 1 per mo.
yeah, because why learn how to run a country when you can have your ego stroked by your sycophantic buddies at Fox instead
get rid of the ACA the whole thing dude
you're too chickenshit to get interviewed by people who aren't going to ask exactly what you say is OK to ask
ahh the safe space
I'm starting to puke now.
good job donnie
America needs a strong leader such as yourself. God bless you and yours this holiday season and beyond.
Human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable...

I hope you will not have 2 give up ur contract with Orange Glo, err, Cover Girl when you become President! #mryuck
Why don't you go to Rachael Maddou, Lawrence O'Donnell,  the Joy Reid or Chris Hayes show?  They remove your mask.

I have intruded a photograph out of complete awe ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPpCAXyiX0U …
Faux News...distract and enrage.
sure
I saw it. Very good.
waiting@@@@
Don't be stupid, no one watches Fox.
I'd like to meet more stuff with less sarcasm ...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtzIWPeun7c …
enjoy being a dumb cunt!!!
TRUMP FOR POTUS! GET USED TO IT!
