The only thing that is PHONY is you. Dump Trump!!

Coincidence???.....I don't think so
#throwhillaryinjail 
Sue them if it's false! Or do you need to focus on your upcoming #ChildRape trial?
true the same two asshole underlings of a swarthy Mexican who bought thenyt
Hillary enabled her husband to rape, laughed as she defended rapists in court and raped a young girl herself.
Old story and so much worse than Mr. Frankens' actions. Too bad he didn't have ur $$$ to buy silence.
Don't re-assault those women you abused once again. Be that man you say you are-own your shit!
You!  That is who would do something so stupid!
You beloved supporters know this is fabricated by @HillaryClinton and #MSM we stand by you. Always.
Men from Syria are beating the shit out of there wives. Raping their own daughters. Only gets worst
sounds familiar. Bill Clinton, "I did not have sexual relations with that woman." We know how that ended.

of course it's fake...now move on to the issues that effect America. Don't let them distract you or voters!
we are in the biggest fight to save our country!! GO TRUMP GO! SAVE US!!
We believe you daddy. There's something sinister going on. And we trust you to figure it out. #MAGA.
.    You are the Sun dispelling the clouds of economic and political darkness!  You will win because light dispels darkness!
I believe you can overcome your cocaine addiction.
But @realDonaldTrump @nytimes "Every women deserves to be believed" according to @KellyAnnPolls #TIMETOQUIT #GOPHATESWOMEN
ITS ALL THEY'VE GOT!!! THEY CANT TALK #, THEY CANT COMPARE IDEAS, THEY CANT CHALLENGE YOU ON ACHIEVEMENTS.
you lose, creep.
is out of context. A word has own meaning but it could be change in the context. The media twisted those words.
and we should believe you based on what?
how much did Hillary pay these women why now fk Hillary
When has the New York Times been failing?...wait... Does this mean you're lying about America too? Damn Donald
Don't worry, we got your back! We know better than to buy any stories the #media is brewing up these days. 
totally agree!! The people get it!!
DEBATE TOPIC:Foreign Hot Spots-Better bone-up on Venezuela/Colombia Border Dispute-in news lately! Wallace not u'r frnd!!!
Bye bye Grumpy Trump. Thanks for the entertainment & stupidity.

Can you give masturbation tips to people that also suffer from small hands?
.@realDonaldTrump RT if you love Trump! Also, if you're racist.
I love Trump. Only racist is Hillary
she stated the armrest disappeared between the seats. I'm pretty certain they don't exist in First Class Cabins.
handful of times I've flown in 1st Class, chairs self-contained. Unless you're flying a crappy airline.
somehow I can't see a guy like Trump flying in a low class configuration.

naughty Donald can't keep his hands off!!!  No self control!!!!
I can't wait for Melania to copy this current Michelle Obama speech.
Don't let them get to you. Stay on message and Hillary's failing politics. Nytimes not worth your breath.
You and your people need to understand women do not arbitrarily cook up claims of being abused sexually.  @nytimes
At the last debate your stating "all talk/no action" brought out women who you have abused in numbers. @nytimes
Your words on Sunday brought out a visceral reaction in these women. Your rubbing their faces in your abuse @nytimes
brought out truth of your actions. No amount of threatening to litigate/ yelling/bullying at rallies will stop! @nytimes
@HillaryClinton INSTEAD OF ADMITTING TRUTH TRUMP ATTACKS CLINTON LIKE MAD DOG INSTEAD! TRUMP ANTI-DEMOCRACY FRAUD!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
You are completely insane
Reality is those woman we're all over you! Not you over them! Give me a break you're a billionaire!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
Hey, aren't you the guy from that tape saying you did these things?
No, he's the guy saying a guy could do them if he's a star. Common knowledge, except to Dumbocrats
you may want to listen to it again, he is saying that he has done it and can do it
YAWN. Wikileaks has exposed your Corrupt Crooked Clintons and MSM what Trump has said all along. FALSE poll numbers.
The @nytimes does dirty work for #SickHillary and she stands there and acts like she's above the fray.
#NextFakeTrumpVictim
< busted
Jessica H. Leeds, NY, NY. Email search reveals a person named Jessica Fedorko, a Democrat operative is/was using her addresses. 
trumps a loser
Oh look! Another newly hired Hillary campaigner to block.
And his 4 followers.
You can't make this stuff up. LOL
And his pathetic hair lightening!
An old man trying to look younger is #Ridiculous
I don't care what color he tries, I wouldn't touch that would a football yardstick. LOL
if you're such a great businessman how come your businesses haven't made enough profit so that you actually pay tax?
#SmallLoanOfAMillionDollars
get ready to pay $25 a pound for strawberrys. Problem is with illegal hiring practices and system #FUCKTRUMP

another fine example of the disgusting left.
YOU WILL WIN. THE MEDIA IS LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. #MAGA
He was obviously "joking" in a sense. There still is no actual solid proof that he did in fact touch them
He said he did these things and now women are coming forward to corroborate his own words!  Seems pretty compelling!
What, like this one..? "Jessica Leeds (Trump accuser) is a secretary for the Clinton Foundation" Way to go
-- UMM-- NO- She's NOT.  That is not true.  But it certainly made for a good lie.
Do you think it all came back suddenly now, after 30 years? Isn't that odd. Must've been the deep trauma
- No one said that she didn't remember the incident. She just never went public before, which I don't find odd at all.
How dare they claim you did things to them you claimed you did.
@AlbertMotta_ @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
Quick question: Do you think women won't notice you groping them because you have tiny hands?
- seat she was sitting in armrests were stationary, plane she said she was on
Airline did not use, man saw nothing
I don't think ANY of the stories have been discredited yet. Which of the many are you referring to?  @nytimes
no I haven't seen any discredited. Sorry your tweet is not proof. 
@realDonaldTrump @nytimes
I don't watch that trash .. Just asking for an example.  @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
They came out bc trump said he never accosted anyone before @ the debate.  They won't be the last!
Er, wrong politician. The one who did the threats was Hillary. Happy to help.
that actually never happened...
Oh, it did. See Bill's face when Juanita & the girls were in the room?
Bill raped her, Hillary threatened her. And you want to vote for that shit.
you do realize that there's no proof of that right? That legally Bill is innocent right? Trump on the other hand...
Bill and Hillary seem very rattled. Trump brought them in because they're telling the truth. Monika a lie too..?
nobody was rattled. Trump is losing it. He's desperate.
do the American people a favor and just shut up. 
- All of America that is sane
.
again shut up thx (all of america)
Vote 2016
@BeSpotted @realDonaldTrump fuck me if she wins I done with everything n will never vote again.  They can all go to hell
I'm surprised by the poll so far. Very anti trump. My #hannity poll shows trump HUGE TRUMP
Republicans could have won it all n the shit themselves.the country will never b the same.  So saf
Let's NOT go back #ImWithHer bc progress, respect 4 minorities, women & tolerance ALL on ballot!
#MexicansAreRapists
Somebody needs to reboot your program. You're stuck on repeat.
yes let's get on these wiki-leak emails, & discuss them


Clinton crabcakes are getting desperate
"DOWN GOES TRUMP, "DOWN GOES TRUMP",,
Donald methinks u doth protest 2 much...u r weak 4 hotties.... u like 2 touch them.... creep factor like #42
From an attractive business owner who knows how to handle herself!
No one is talking about Bill Clinton being the First Man and living in the WH where he committed hideous crimes!
The biggest star is the biggest exaggeration. People watched to see if your hair would fall off
Yup

Hey Trump! Are ALL these people lying?? http://atrumpcompendium.com/assault.html 
Donald we're with you! #MakeAmericaGreat
why are lying people doing this to trump, and let Clinton get away with murder, literally what is she giving you?
oh I am watching.......YOU going down and down...fast. Loving it too...lol
http://gotnews.com/breaking-jessicaleeds-caused-1-million-alleged-damages-broker-personal-problem-alpha-males/ …
@veganvecoh @nytimes  don't give it a voice. They are worthless #ripjournalism
dear dumass I do not beleave you, you never tell the Truth.
how we all wish you were a total fabrication, instead you are all too real and present danger
We R not fooled! We KNOW they R liars! We R loyal! We R still voting 4 you Mr Trump! God bless you and the USA
dude, even your wife is not defending you. Say goodbye to presidency, to your business and your marriage.

@AmericanMex067 @nytimes won't let me retreet? Hmmm
This guy...
Everybody lying except you?  You have let this Party, this Nation down with your juvenile conduct. GOP in disarray
Considering you have cheated on your last 2 wives, this story is not that much of a stretch.
The Dems are desperate, keep fighting Mr.Trump!
you are a sick man mister trump.
No complaint from @realDonaldTrump about media coverage of him til @nytimes chose to cover EVERYTHING about him.
Hypocrite.
Your a liar. Your remarks on access hollywood and howard stern prove you do this.

so its ok for U to bring @billclinton accusers but not ok for @nytimes to bring your accusers? @CNNPolitics @wolfblitzer
shows the desperation of @HillaryClinton camp. Can't win on policy, has to resort to slander. Voters don't care.
You need to turn up the heat on sexual predator Bill Clinton and surpressor "Tammy Wynette".
so using your logic, if Hillary wants to get rid of the 2nd amendment does that mean you want to rid the 1st?
We Know:Carlos Slim is Arab, Not Hispanic & Hes A Huge donor to Clinton. No One Trusts Those Lying SOBs
someone on camera said you push yourself on women unwanted oh wait it was you! You're your own #Creepythroat
"When you're a star, you can do anything ". Except becoming POTUS!

I don't even understand if women don't want to be touched inappropriately stop it ASAP I 
Save the world Trump ..
Trump, I think you should suing @nytimes @andersoncooper and that women! 30 years ago why nobody know her story!
predator
http://conservativetribune.com/cnn-chief-total-black-out-clinton/?utm_source=Email&utm_medium=PostUp&utm_campaign=ConservativeBrief&utm_content=2016-10-13 …
u mad bro? whta is really amazing is that your bragging moves more opinion than your unqualifiying skills
well they said your welcome to bring a law suit to court
cry me a river@realDonaldTrump
real Donald trump my ass 
Just get lost. The world does not need a pest like you.

Donald Trump is clueless if he thinks this is driven by HRC. The is GOP "Ghost Protocol" What did Trump expect?
. DIRTY OLD MAN. Calls everyone a liar, blames everyone, floats conspiracy theories, but himself a bankrupt, a predator. Sad
Sexual assault isn't about what someone looks like... It's about power and opportunity.

Creepy Donald a man that have no respect for women.Strange now he don't know them.Liar Liar no power
maybe U & @HillaryClinton should get lie detector tests to prove your innocence. #Vote4No1 #PenceForPrez
stop spending time on their lies, back to the email foundation, and lies to Congress and the americanske people
Don`t worry about that lies hit her on her record and accomplishments she WILL FOLD win the 3 debate.
ITS ALL TRUE AND YOU ARE SHITTING YOUR PANTS, YOU LOSER
@IvankaTrump @nytimes THIS IS NOT A NORMAL FATHER DAUGHTER RELATIONSHIP, IT JUST CREEPY. #NEVERTrump #November8th #Florida
Yes let's move on to policies and defeating Hillary! Crooked WITCH!

when I first heard this, I had a feeling the Clintons were behind it
We do not believe one word coming out of any of these women. Their stories are ridiculous! Keep going! Don't STOP!
you know all about failing. Saw ur pic next to the definition in the dictionary. Mr Bankrupt! 
You did it.
funny how all these women are Dems.  Why not speak up when first happened? Funny timing...I call BS
@FoxNews @KellyannePolls   To little to late Donald. You have been punked and you have no answer to it.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes The story from the failing AP is interesting, too.
Donald, unfortunately, most people go by what you have said, over and over. misogynistic, entitled, and low class.
I saw a picture of that woman reporter from people.  she is an extremely tough cookie that no one would fool with.
Donald we're well aware of how desperate the bias media who protect crooked Hillary has become. Keep up the fight!
The women must be believed, unless they're accusing you!!! #Hypocrite!
Keep your tiny hands to yourself!!
New York Times isn't failing anyone like #Trump and #Ivanka are failing the US economy by manufacturing overseas
Dude, it's OK. There's nothing that can be printed on a page that'll make you look worse than you have yourself.
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR 
FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD 
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD LIAR LIAR

Take A LIE DETECTOR TEST IF YOUR SO INNOCENT!
Your own campaigns words "Every accuser of sexual misconduct should be believed" I believe your accusers.
Linda Ross friend of Trump accuser has known Jessica Leeds for 3 years. What a SHAM! Nice try NYT!
Get a life.
I would just say they are lies and move on. Don't waste time or energy in these lies
do u ever tell the truth? you can't con all of us.
Funny, Cosby said the same thing.
We don't believe you #FatOldPervert
<too stupid to know the earth is round.

<Don't worry little girl.  I am fully armed.
DENYING DOESNT MEAN U DIDNT DO THESE THINGS.I BELIEVE U DID NDER THE GUISE OF BEING A CCELEBRITY-JUST LIKE COSBY.
"No one has more respect for women?"
That's what you think.
; THEY DID THE SAME TO HERMAN CAIN!!!! WHERE ARE THOSE WOMEN NOW AND THE LAWYER????
So you should probably allow your now 6 accusers to sit in your 'family box' at the next debate, don't you think?
This is about common human decency. WHERE is your common human decency Trump?
http://www.msnbc.com/hardball/watch/michelle-obama-denounces-trump-s-rhetoric-785581123563 …
You're the only one failing! #DumpTrump
Clinton supporters come here and talk trash, we don't do the same to them! Who is the real deplorable!? #MAGA
I will vote for Trump no matter what, if allegations end up being true, we get Pence and still win... #NeverHillary
you gonna sue AGAIN?! #whinylittlebitch #imwither #strongertogether #hillary2016
#MAGA Sad!
#FireLou
@LouDobbs
No-truth Times  have been practicing,preaching & printing lies for the last decade & half.
where are some lawyers to  help this is  BS
@Veteran4Trump @nytimes  Mr Trump, millions out here have Ur back. We'll handle the HS. U talk about the future.#wikileaks
what is wrong with you. Do you have any clue about libel laws?

You need a chance of topic...When will you release your taxes?? That show no taxes paid or donations to vets..
Which story are you referring to as "last discredited story..." Your story about Bill Clinton? Karma...
If you are not lying take a lie detector test and prove you are innocent.  We do not believe YOU Mr. Trump!
could you please hurry up and have that stroke? Thanks
just stay on what you want for the United States of America and let killer fend for her self. She can't do that.
