Giving millions of people health insurance is hardly a disaster. @realDonaldTrump
1/3  Obamacare recipients only have 1 insurance company to
False. Alabama, SC, OK, Alaska, and WY do not account for 1/3 of all Obamacare recipients @animalequipment @realDonaldTrump
2017 Every Obamacare Recipient monthly premium going up millions lose coverage 1/3 states only have 1 option
Again this is easily disproven. FIVE STATES have only one issuer now, not 1/3 of them. Facts are facts @animalequipment @realDonaldTrump
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-10-14/more-than-1-million-in-obamacare-to-lose-plans-as-insurers-quit …
Losing their current plan doesn't mean they're losing the ability to get health insurance. Learn to read. @animalequipment @realDonaldTrump
32 states lose all but 1 insurer. Those left with 1 choice will find plans so high can't offers. My aunt n WH
Pretty obvious that you don’t even understand what Obamacare is. #trumpwhining
I understand what Obamacare is... Do you? See photo.
Most people forget that before ACA, insurers could drop you once you got sick & others refuse coverage.
Current state of healthcare would be like being able to by car insurance after an accident.
You’re wrong. You can only sign up during open enrollment & significant life changes.
That is for a pre tax cafeteria plan. Before ACA, u could still sign up at open enrollment with pre-existing.
Sorry, but the individual marketplace SUCKED ASS before ACA.
Now it's 4X as much and we've expanded entitlements. Taxes will go up to pay for it. Govt has never been efficient.
I bet you have a plan that's "much, much better"!
His plan is to go back to the way health insurance was, lifetime caps, denials for pre-existing conditions.
Yep - sounds right. And we'll be winning so much we'll get sick of winning!
Going backwards is not winning. Losing the good things about the ACA is not winning. #VoteNoOnTwo
Winning is letting u Fcks stand on your own two feet without being propped up by the rest of us
I  have been standing on my own 2 feet all my life, No one is propping me up.
Sure... That support of the ACA of someone who's tax bill actually supports others...LOL.
Tell me what is wrong with no lifetime cap on health insurance and not being denied insuranc

 https://twitter.com/JesseRodriguez/status/792048407649120256 …
What's wrong with this man.. Trump stop bashing Obama and do your job!..
.@realDonaldTrump this is so sad! From #PodestaEmails21
Hillary Clinton literally only cares about black lives for voting purposes!  https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/581 … #BLM #PodestaEmails21 #NeverHillary 
32nd
how is that a disaster?
Delete your account. #NeverTrump
FBI re-opening email case on Hillary .... It's about GD time!!!!!!
Right, Sheldon would vote for anti science, anti education and anti intellectual Trump. LOL.

Just when I'm close to switching my vote to Stein, someone tweets this. Okay, have to strop Trump
The incompetent man baby clown? Eech, I can't stand Clinton but will have to vote for her
Whoever wins, Bozo the idiot or corrupt Clinton, I'll be saying "Oh Jezzus" the next day.
AND the drugs! All our children will be on drugs with hillary's open border policy!
@faagifts Make America Great Cheers to Trump/ Pence !! Vote
How about the disaster known as Donald Trump?
Talk about her wanting to draft women.
Yep, Obamacare is a disaster. Remember Pelosi said "we must pass Obamacare to find out what's in it". How stupid is that.
Pelosi is very stupid
. What is your plan? It is more catastrophic
BREAKING: The FBI is probing new Hillary Clinton emails
please add North Dakota pipeline topic
If you repeal Obamacare, will insurance co be able to reject you due to pre-existing conditions?
I don't think you even know what the benefits of Obamacare are. In fact, I think you think it's a govmt health ins policy.
Why don't you talk about what you plan on replacing it with?  Now that should be funny.  You're a joke.
.......Check and double check your vote before you cast it.
unite Christians and wake them up Mr. Trump
come over ere and put the"great" back in great Britain xx
will listen. Really hit hard on your excellent policy, contracts with American and Black American
gn

Give them hell Trump n stay on point!  Your gonna win!!
please keep talking about Obama care and how bad is for us.
You should also be talking about the FBI's decision to re-open the email scandal.
Dump Tower got more broken escalators than Chernobyl
FBI probing new Clinton emails!!
The Little tikes That Fell from Bikes , Yikes the hikes So Maybe A Bottle of Robutussen To Stop the Fussing
fbi openning new investigation into emails oh boy
Yes, children stay on parents insurance until 26,  covers preexisting illness and many other common people's needs
remind everyone that #CrookedHillary said, before it was known as obamacare it was known as hillarycare"

Either that or he's got protruding globs of fat around his mid-section. 

*shudders*
So your saying he's like you..
when actually Obamacare gives my mom healthcare because every company would deny her for previously having a stroke...
and the FBI reopening its email investigation..
I want to hear how you'll replace  #ACA with something that will cover ANYONE who wants coverage, AND save $$.
Poor people don't deserve healthcare
Mr. Trump, please remind voters to vote republican on the down tickets too. You'll need them to to get 'er done.
ok but can we talk about the disaster known as the dead rodent occupying your head
Please, quit being defensive. Attack Hillary on Obamacare, foreign policy, Clinton Foundation, emails, 30 yrs of failure.
where's your matching campaign contributions? Oh that's right, this whole scampaign is Trump U pt.2. #TrumpFraud
just like he donated to all those veterans! His kids haven't even contributed - playing u all for suckers..
how about talking about the disaster called "Donald"
"The Emperior has no clothes" !
Vote on Nov. 8 to stop Trump. He has wasted all our time and energy with his horrible campaign. What a joke! #VoteOrGrope
your a loserrrr
if Hillary Clinton wins the corruption with Fed Gov has gone plague and there is no Rule of Law.
We have to stop Hillary Clinton's PAID goons from terrorising WOMEN.

#DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
literally stop breathing
do you have a plan ? Or just talk and no action as usual
will you also be talking about the disaster known as your hair?
Your bill couldn't even pass because it was a bigger disaster!
Can you not see Obama is controlling all of this to stay POTUS? Everything he does is for Islam. Refugees,Guns,UN POLICE

FYI immigrants pay social security but they will never get a dime back,so they aren't getting any freebies
Wrong. Only legal citizens pay income tax.U can't pay income tax without a social security number. If you are not a citizen you don't have 1
I believe it is taken out of every paycheck. Don't have a choice whether you want to pay or not
This is the fact, if you are an illegal you are contributing nothing to this government. PERIOD!
Wow your argument is so baseless it doesn't even deserve a response.
There is nothing to argue. You can only file an income tax if you have social security number. If you are illegal you don't have one.
my wife's parents' insurance is skyrocketing bc Obamacare, now theyre voting Trump!
I doubt that is the only reason the prices are going up...
OH AND JUST FOR THE CHERRY ON TOP
It's NOT a DISASTER that 22 MILLION MORE AMERICANS HAVE INSURANCE. Want to see a disaster, go inside Dump Tower!
Don't worry Trump nuts, the campaign is going swimmingly! @realDonaldTrump
A vote for hillary is a vote for WW3 @realDonaldTrump   https://youtu.be/w9nt9xMNniY  @StopTrumpIn16 @realDonaldTrump
did you find this photo off of google or do you have a legitimate source because this is bullshit lol
disaster because the Republicans refused more funding. The GOP - a complete disaster!
Yup! More  will fix it! Which means less money in our pockets!
Ahahahaha
Yes it does! Read the first paragraph!
New Hampshire do you want Trump to be American representative.

how about talking about a corrupt attorney general  pleading 5th and the reopening of crooked Hillary case by FBI
Disaster know as your birth.
have a BA degree and I still can't get a job
Clinton investigation reopened! Are their eyes starting to open?
what qualifies it to be a disaster? 10 mil new insureds criticize the big insurers that  screw up the heathcare system?
OBAMACARE was bought and paid for by the insurance companies lobbyist by funding the democratic establishment cronies.
I'll be talking about the disaster known as Donald Trump!
How about the disaster that goes by the name of trump? How dare you say locker room talk when you actually hit on Nancy.
why don't you talk about the disaster known as the Donald
Government doesn't care about your health they just want to control 1/6 of America's economy that's all
@tonguepiercer @FoxNews @Morning_Joe @seanhannity @KatrinaPierson @oreillyfactor @Morning_Joe @seanhannity @newtgingrich
Yes President Trump
@GovPenceIN #NoDAPL
Because there's no cap on treatment so people can get the healthcare they need? What a disaster!
You're the disaster
Safe travels! Knock it out of the park!! #TrumpPence16 #NeverHillary
show ur tax it
YES AND THAT THE AVERAGE HIKE WILL BE 71 PERCENT, HOW ARE MOTHER AND FATHER GOING TO PAY THIS.  ELECT HER AND IT WILL GET
an you don't have shit to replace it with
KEEP IT IN THE HAMMER LANE AND DONT LOOK BACK @KellyannePolls
Take it to them Mr. Trump! You are voice of millions! The light in the darkness! Hit em with #TrumpTrain while they're down
Talk about the disaster known as Donald Trump. @Analisa_Swan @CP24 @wzpl @ZTE_USA @HJByul @Qkplur @UzaKuya @ynktxn @sxyhxy
and for the next eight years the Republicans will be talking about the disaster called the trump presidential run in 2016
Disaster thanks to the GOP obstruction to implementation of the full plan. I'm a doc. I've seen the good of the ACA!
Please ASK people to vote for you. HRC violated the espionage act and should be in prison. Or, are you a LOSER to a felon?
Anyone remember the Clintons stealing furniture from the White House when they left? Old habits ... http://nypost.com/2016/10/17/did-hillary-clinton-steal-furniture-from-the-state-department/ …
126% premium increase since it began. 25% more projection in 2017. If adding to paycheck instead of taking top of premium.
Good topic
Millions of people now have healthcare though. A blessing for them. YOU are the disaster!
make america great again and just to alert u,u wil have alot of opposition i tell u,dnt let negative minds sway ur gud mind
You need to bring some ACA experts along with you as you clearly are not up to speed on what exactly Obama Care is.
We want you to be next POTUS,greetings from india @Swamy39

FBI re opening investigation into CLINTON
MUST RETWEET
nice one Don
How about the disaster known as Your Campaign?
Has anyone actually explained it to you in a simple way that you can understand what it is? As so far you haven't.

We Biafrans ate your supporters, Mark Zuckerberg take bribe from Buhari to shut down radio Biafra London facebook group
you're a disaster
Comey opened up investigation, found missing emails. Hammer it home Mr Trump. This is the smoking gun.
Eng. Idea to prevent flooding upriver,  install turbines at delta to move greater water volume @ArmYCorp
Because more young people can stay on their parents' plans? What a disaster!
The Unaffordable Act?  Good topic!
Time to Make health fair and affordable Again.
yea cause these guys want more money
And the Heroin epidemic I hope
What about FBI news, eh?
hillary should wear the cumstained dress as she tells women she's for them
yes obama care and the rest that's important like vets
Good. Keep talking specifics. Don't get distracted between now and the election. Stay focused.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvTt1R1jrW0 …
Thanks moron for retweeting my less than complimentary tweet. And you want to run America?
My policy has gone up 300% since Obamacare went into affect.
https://twitter.com/Dr_Scooter/status/766713409563832323 …
we want the real vote!!! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8YsRU0TFQTY&feature=youtu.be …
Like you have a viable plan? New Business, versus existing businesses that will change their business model just for you?
Meanwhile, everyone else is talking about the disaster that a @realDonaldTrump White House would be!
Please don't use "locker room talk" when doing so.  Try to keep it clean.  And keep your hands to yourself.
Talk is cheap...what is your plan...GIVE SPECIFICS!!

hope you get fair coverage of your campaign in UK... BBC seems to be pro Hillary...
And FBI reopening email investigation!!
Good luck with that.
MAIN FOCUS OF THIS ELECTION SEXUAL ASSAULT.AND  U CANT STOP THR CONVO
CONGRATULATIONS PRESIDENT TRUMP
FBI Dir just informed me, "The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation." Case reopened

Mr Trump do something to expose the number of people and the way in Witch  (Obama self care) has hurt so many of us. I am one.
Obamacare renewals in Ohio are released. Rates are skyrocketing plans are being cancelled providers are being eliminated.
What are you going to replace it with? You have no clue! So what about millions who couldn't get healthcare b4 this? Forget them they are...
You should bring this email up. So sad. #HillaryClinton hates Jews @realDonaldTrump
#HillaryClinton on Jews: "Import hippy from Israel.. run it out of every church" http://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/4369 … #PodestaEmails21 #Jews #private 
AMERICA IS WITH YOU #MAGA CLEAR AND HONEST SPEAKING 10 DAYS STAY ON MESSAGE JOBS SECURITY LAW & ORDER TAXES
it really is!
:) you can teach an old (rich and smart) dog new tricks. Thanks for a tweet on what could win the race
A vote for hillary is a vote for WW3 @realDonaldTrump
"Currently under federal investigation?"  X Yes   - no job for you....anywhere
Thank you and stay safe!!! Oklahomans supporting you all the way to the White House!!!!
you don't even know what ObamaCare is
#taxreturns
savage!
you are the disaster
don't get out ahead of yourself on this fbi thing!!!!!
you shouldn't be allowed to have a twitter
don't forget your slogan grab her by the pussy! Sexual predator talk!
You should Tweet about #ObamacareFraud EVERY SINGLE DAY
thank God for you, Mr Trump
Nov 28, 2016. Trump University Fraud Case 
Dec 16, 2016. Trump Rape Case  
Today: #NeverTrump
#BoycottTrump
#Boycottivanka
Check out @brithume's Tweet:
Comey says there are newly discovered emails that FBI will now investigate, reopening Clinton email server case. 
bring them back to american values. something we can all stand for.
Mr. Trump stick to the issues u r doin great getting em out there lately  fbi doin right today needs to be focused on too!
I agree. Obamacare not working great. BUT what we had before was not the solution either! Come up with a clear alternative.
So much more to talk about... H investigation is reopening! She's Done! #TrumpPence16
lies lies lies! Trump filled with lies and hatred! Hillary will win! Trump wants no insurance for poor!
if I can't afford ObamaCare why the hell STEAL my tax return as a penalty maybe that would cover  ObamaScam! #pleaserepeal
Donald - U NEED TO DROP THE "IF" & START USING "WHEN" U R ELECTED PRESIDENT, OKAY?!...U NEED TO TALK & CARRY URSELF LIKE U R THE POTUS NOW!!
It's electric in here!!!
you are a disaster far our country
how are you going to fix it??   No answer of course
DOJ head Loretta Lynch pleads the 5th over Obama's Iran ransom deal. Corruption is alive and well in the White House.
Allan J. Lichtman, professor of history at American University has picked last 8 elections predicts Trump win!
Announcement of FBI opening up investigation might just ruin hillary's party weekend. All is not well in #Hillaryland
You mean the disaster  know as Donald Trump.
Give the truth of America bombing unjustly in middle East for personal oil interests and because they reported unjust wars
Maybe you might want to talk about how the FBI is reopening the email investigation.
BREAKING NEWS: FBI reopening investigation into @HillaryClinton's email use. 
"Drain the swamp" and you'll find many of Trump's skeletons.
You should be talking about the real disaster which is you Campaign and its policies
Comey REOPENS Hillary's email investigation. http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/oct/28/james-comey-fbi-director-reopens-clinton-email-inv/ …
you're the disaster
keep winning,vote Trump,make America safe get rid of radical Islam. No terrorism in America.
Fox News. FBI reopening case on Hillary Clinton
Go get em!
OBAMA CARE has been a disaster for the small business owner, the engine of our economy.
FBI reopens investigation against @HillaryClinton  email scandal. 
and maybe the fact that the FBI just re-opened the investigation into Crooked Hillary's e-mails!
Don't grab any women on your way.
what will you do about the ongoings in North Dakota? How will you protect our Native Americans ?
Viejo forro!! Hombre estúpido. Loser!
20 million new insured is NOT a disaster. A disaster is a scam artist like you running for POTUS.
FBI just reopened email case on Hillary. You just won.
FBI reopens Hillary's email investigation.
