Twitter needs to shut down Trump’s account to avoid a war http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/311664/twitter-needs-shut-down-trump-account-avoid-war/ …





Sad little liberals! I'm mad  and I always get my way or I'll post on social media. You don't get your way this time!#Lost
I like what your doing.  The good country folks in Mississippi has your back.. looking forward to the next 8 years
Then why is KellyAnn on there saying you will be doing it in your spare time? She spreading fake news too?
Be presidential,Learn whats going on in the world. Do your homework, get your briefings. Signed, one of your employers
There are lies, damned lies, and then there's every word from Donald Trump's mouth. @realDonaldTrump
I am Sorry... He said some dump things again :( #DumpTrump
the concern is your association and profit not your actual time spent
They didn't say you would be working on it.
you can't spell ridiculous!!!
Just own the spelling error. Only pretentious people care.
Having a grade school education is "pretentious" now.. okay!
come on...bigger issues in world than concerns that he makes typos with big fingers and small keyboard.
"Typo".  Yeah.. that "e" is so close to the "i". https://www.google.ca/search?q=rediculous+or+ridiculous&hl=en-CA&gbv=1&sa=X&as_q=&nfpr=&spell=1&ved=0ahUKEwi2wfCv6enQAhVR4WMKHQp8D4kQvwUIEQ …
let's alert politifact right away.
You're missing the point. I don't care if some rando on Twitter can't spell it but it's the fucking president.
Everyone on twitter is some rando
Good argument. The president is just a random guy. *Thumbs up*
Kellyanne was on air being interviewed and said different.  So the fake news, if it is, was from her.
okay, I see the Secretary of Misspelled Words corrected your "rediculous" mistake.
Guess we know who George Zimmerman voted for.
"rediculous", though.
Why would the Clinton News Network lie like that? Hmm it's almost like they have any agenda against you.

A Yale grad like Wilbur Ross - who made $2B for himself - can be in charge of our money.
THE APPRENTICE should be so lucky! But, really CNN, President Trump is a little busy right now draining the swamp.
Shut CNN down Mr
you certainly spend way too much time tweeting about your crappy show.  #ResistTrump #ImpeachTrump @CNN
@CharlesS1952 CNN is a Commie organization.
@sarasidnerCNN SARA SIDNER revise your story now that you know the truth! Show the American people some integrity!
@judyrademacher2 @CNN big SURPRISE it's bought & PD 4by Obama
@PrisonPlanet @CNN Obama and his wife both guest appeared on TV shows Disney channel, Nic, Ellen,  Kimmel...
He was better on that show than this new show.
But will one of your kids take over the show? Can we rework it for cabinet appointments?
More fake news networks reaching out to make more unneeded & unnewsworthy distraction. Please, news networks, the truth, only.
if i were CNN's boss, I wouldn't cover any of his stories on my report, so who's Donald's without media?
I don't know how the ppl @CNN can even look into the camera!
Where in H_ _ _ does #CNN get all their #FakeNews ??
You are still the Executive Producer ... do you do nothing in that capacity?
Sugars sugar sweet and sour coded news
Thank you Mr. President.
the attention span of a goldfish is biglyer than yours. Lololololol
They are LIARS everyone knows that..They can't tell a Truth..It's not in CNN Hillary is behind them still and Obama
Then  why were you so Biased and spread deceit during the election. No one I know trust CNN to deliver good reporting
.@realDonaldTrump I wouldn't expect you to be WORKING. Just taking the money, like with your other businesses. @CNN
@drivn2xl @CNN Please don't waist your time be constructive!
but you ARE still the executive producer. No?
more lies
You are bringing Honor to the office you are about to hold.
I guess you know all about fake media, words, promises, presidential wins.....
yes, you'd know about fake news.....fake anything
. You no need to the Show is in good hands, The Governor is doing great.
So today the first tweet is about the Apprentice ratings?  ROFL.
kimi
I know you are a man of your word . you are so wonderful to me but i do need my insurance please?
to be filled here and be able to cross over boarder with usa made only drugs... please consider


How does it feel to be a traitor?  Selling out your country to a Russian dictator.
Holy crap that's a big claim!  Got a shred of evidence to back it up?
indeed sir. So.much fake news. Also
I hope you are telling the truth I will be THRILLED:) PLEASE COME TO MA CHECK WELFARE SYSTEM TONS OF FRAUD

YES. FAKENEWS
glad you fixed your spelling error.  Must have attended 7th grade between tweets.
Mr President Elect, what do u think about InfoWars? I'm not trusting CNN either n was thinking of switching. #America
@KellyannePolls
didnt you get fired from that show before the election started anyways?
They do not know what to do because you are not giving them the chance to give your news first.  Pls keep tweeting.
I think you might have bigger problems than a producer credit,Slappey.
Fake news from @KellyannePolls???
good to know.
TYT and The View said the same. Thankfully Candice Cameron argued for Trump, told them how it works.
Are they still rediculous, too as per the original tweet? @realDonaldTrump
Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous & untrue - FAKE NEWS!
I love what the flag represents, but I never confuse the symbol for what it stands for.
Yeah.
You're lying AGAIN! @kellyannepolls made this statement ON AIR, there is video.
still waiting for him to show respect for the constitution, facts, etc. The man is #unfit
He has to earn my respect & he's poised to raise my taxes & hurt workers, environment, etc.
@KellyannePolls you two should probably have a little chat.
...so u are exec producing...how about Russian ties to your election? Fake news too? Anything you dislike 'FAKE' now?
you lost the pop vote by nearly 3 million. FAKE. You're supported by the KKK and voters who leave death threats. FAKE.
you're a proven sexual predator (maybe pedophile) FAKE. You've haven't paid taxes and lied about releasing forms. FAKE
You think you're smarter than Americans, because you're willing to be abuse good people's hopelessness & be FAKE.
BLAH BLAH BLAH LIBERAL MEDIA /s
This.
Justin, the media was proven to be paid off by the DNC.They didn't cover the candidates fairly
Fake news doesn't mean news you disagree with. Fake news got you elected.
why don't you get @Lord_Sugar over to do it for you??
.@webdarren @realDonaldTrump @Lord_Sugar gone a few days and you're kicking off already 
I'm only trying to help the guy!!!
tut tut.
What????
no further comment your honour. 
See!
get back to HTML5 & CSS3 
I'd like to see you own 1 company, let alone a 100 of them.
What's your point.  He turned a small loan in to a multi-billon dollar enterprise, is that illegal?
Donald's entire life has been a con; now, it's on the American people.
Wow I wish mine was a con. 1 Billion 2 Billion 3 Billion
Move on. Hillary lost its over. My God grow up.
wow. It's about our lives anymore. Not the election. Trump, you're fired.
Grow up.
grownups don't let people tear their government and lifestyles down. Got a love it when your job is automated.
Well that will be over soon. Obama will be out Jan20.
Ignore #Apprentice talk from @realDonaldTrump; he's trying to distract us. @Reuters reports #RussianHackers influenced election (!) #RESIST
Actually you know what @realDonaldTrump? Let's talk "fake news" for a second—#Apprentice story isn't "fake news";@CNN quoted @KellyannePolls
you seem to ignore that Hillary started "fake news".
The internet won't forget that you spelled it "rediculous" and deleting and reposting the tweet won't help. Sorry, big guy.
I have made more than one typo in tweets and emails before. It happens. Not a big or HUGE deal.
have you made basic spelling errors that gradeschoolers are taught to avoid and are you the president-elect?
Yes. The other day I was trying to spell "responsible" and missed a key, and then autocorrect kicked in.
Is that what you think happened? Trump accidentally hit the "e" key instead of the "i" key way over there?
I genuinely don't understand why anyone would make a mountain of issues out of a molehill of a typo.
Tut tut @CNN and you wonder why he won't give up Twitter. You guys really need to clean up your dodgy act.
the story is based on an interview with Trump's own campaign manager Kellyanne Conway. But don't let facts get in the way.
Maybe Kellyanne should liaison with her boss a little more>.@realDonaldTrump who has denied CCN's claim.
indeed. But before you agree with Trump's bark of "Fake News", check the facts. CNN didn't lie or make it up
Looks like she may hav some explaining2do~still don't like CNN<who was firmly in HC's camp<totally biased reporting&unprofessional
and Fox is just as bad if not worse on the Trump side. Lesson is you need to do you own research & look at variety of sources
No, media outlet's need2understand their own charters. If they can't be professional&unbiased during an election<find another JOB.
is literally no media outlet in the world with zero bias - because they are run by people, and people have bias. All people.
Which news is real news? You claim so many lie and put out fake news but don't say which ones you deem reliable.
can is a media that supports facts in a untrue manner to change the people's thinking.
@shootist2015 @CNN
They FOOLED me. I'm ashamed LOL Usually smell fake news well. Still I am OK with it if it makes you happy to moonlight
we will see....
why don't you go to security briefings then? Um yeah. Don't hurt yourself trying to answer that one. Muah. God bless.
Cnn not our friend........
I have an  idea? Can you allow us to cross mexico to allow us to have doctors and write prescrip.
You are an Executive Producer.. another reason you are unfit to lead. #disgusting
they are the ones spreading these rumors. My husband who doesn't watch the news regularly believes this stuff. Mad
don't forget to remove the penalty for health insurance in your day 1 at the office.

Thank You Mister Trump.
Love seeing @KellyannePolls face when people don't believe her anymore for spreading fake news
@Fingersflying @CNN do they know anything of substance? Fox in other ways just as bad. Controlled narratives insted of news
Keep tweeting us this next 8 years tell us witch elected fool needs to be voted out
#FakeNewsOutlet Looney Russia Hacking conspiracy theory, Black Lives Matter hoax, all BS
sounds legit. World media & US intel agencies all making stuff up. I should trust the fat guy tweeting from his gold toilet
-Remember, Trump we'll Tweet this back to you when you are working on the Apprentice!
We do see you for the small, insecure, twisted and mentally ill person that you are.  It is NOTpretty.
KellyAnne confirmed this
Love hearing the TRUTH straight from the source! Thank you President Trump for communicating directly with the people
The liberal media's non-stop fake reporting~ they're still at it - like junkies who can't give up their addiction.
so @CNN is wrong or your own employees ?
love the Apprentice but Arnold S. as host?!...not so much, why not Ivanka?
Ummm, @KellyannePolls said you'd be working on it in your free time. It's on tape. But you still probably don't believe it.
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN I agree. You haven't worked a day in your life.
Screen shoot Trump's tweet. I've got a feeling you're going to need this later... @realDonaldTrump @CNN
.@adrianlionheart @realDonaldTrump @CNN Are you insinuating that he is a liar? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
It shows you care to at least give some option and allow us to have our prescriptions to be
I want to give you this idea because it would help SO many of us Trumpi and it would look right .
have my prescriptions filled which are a necessity for life in my case Trumpi?
It gives a chance to have something trumpi?? Also right now anyone can go there but cannot
Also a lot of hispanics and and us would be able to afford affordable health insurance there
This would allow us more choices until things get settled but we to be thrown off insurance is bad..
i have to have my Dr trumpi for i have thyroid disease and am out of work right now.=( hugs
all us to have mex drs write us prescriptions and cross over to usa to fill american made only drugs?
@Rebark @CNN People hate it when they are ignored. Don't sweat the small stuff Mr. President. 100% Behind you!!
keep on tweeting! I like to hear it from the horses mouth! Good job!
I am #TheResistance Donny, ur fake and illegitimate, so shut up
is this a plug for The Apprentice or for your Presidency? It's getting confusing which role you're more excited about.
so if it's "fake news" THEN WHAT IS THIS YOU LYING, MOLDY CHEETO?!?
Consider the source. If its CNN it must be false
You won't have time as you will be busy Making America Great Again.
.
@realdoneldtromq ure right fake news 
@realdoneldtromq u know Obama is so into himself he can't see the Forrest 4 the trees 
CNN was only reporting the facts from your own campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway
still think you could sell your presidency as a reality tv show. maybe more ppl would pay attention and hear the TRUTH
If anyone believes CNN they're not to bright.  Why on earth would Mr Trump spend even 1 second on the Apprentice? 
Wondering how they think you would have the time for that?????
What he said because I DON'T CARE ABOUT FAKE NEWS! THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE!
thank u mr president
Stop tweeting and talk to people. Or better yet be quite!
He would never have time.
Fake like the sites that promoted you from the Baltic Islands??
. I hate to watch news.  However, I watch O'Riley and Hannity on FOX News.  They tell the truth.
@I_am_Cah @CNN J20 start with the real #Yourfired #DTS
Are you still an EP? Then you still have a part in it, even if it's just profit.
well it was Kelly Ann Conway that said it so clean your own house.
The armed forces will be happy to serve under Pres  Trump just as much as they did Pres Regan. Obama disgrace to them!
You  need to fire Kelly Ann then--she implied on TV that you were going to be doing this--oopsie.
You're a giant man baby.
Just raking in the royalties.
everyone knows they are liars!
No Fake. No fake. You're fake!
STOP TWEETING!
#bullshit
Donald Trump will remain EP on 'Celebrity Apprentice'
Donald, I suggest asking @andersoncooper to be the new host of #CelebrityApprentice
What about reports by NBC?  https://mediamatters.org/blog/2016/12/12/nbc-news-struggling-report-its-own-trump-problem/214795 …
Fake news? Is there such a thing? You report it all the time.
@pbs @CBSNews Don't believe him http://www.cnn.com/2016/08/30/politics/donald-trump-enrique-pea-nieto-mexico/ … Thenhttp://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/07/28/us/politics/donald-trump-russia-clinton-emails.html … http://abcn.ws/2gE82hx  via @ABC
Donald Trump, producer and Chief.
You ought to know, you are the KING of Fake! Dictionary has your picture next to the word charlatan.
Protect yourself from the lies of #SiberianCandidate Add Chrome extension realdonaldcontext to counteract his lies.
Did you let KellyAnne know - she's the one who said "what presidents do in their spare time is their own business..."
that is not what @CNN reported I'll read the credits at the end to see if your name appears -producer or another position.

Where will you find time.  No one realize what state the USA is in,  full time job. Undo Obama harm
Clinton News Network all Clinton, or for Clinton, all the time.
Fox News is a fake news and bias, can't get good journalism in facts on Trump! Hannity needs to go!!!
Really? Why is your sr. advisor spreading lies about you?
Cool. Just give up all stakes in it, and pretend you care about our country for the next 4 years!
Your entire career and candidacy is built on news as fake as your tan. Sad!
No you're right Donald, they are lies, you're just going to be furthering your personal business interests
you're fake news.
please be fair and unruling give him a chance to show his true colors and make the world a better place for all.
Pot calls kettle black: @realDonaldTrump “Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice … untrue - FAKE NEWS!” #gaslight
Rather than targeting @CNN, please try to unite America.
@I_am_Cah @CNN it's not even worth Yrump responding. CNN is garbage BS that makes stuff up!
why do you lie donald
You won't have time! You will be making be making AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
CNN are bias ,fake news indeed
ridiculous
Real news, it's the source, @KellyannePolls who provided fake info.
FAKE NEWS FOR A FAKE MAN.
If you don't work on Apprentice, why be Exec Producer? Profit? Maintaining business ties to a network is bad optics.
President Trump (that sounds great to say): I haven't watch CNN in 20 years & never ever will - don't miss them at all
@Shirl717 @CNN So are you receiving salary as a producer?
Donald if the News is spreading fake news fine them Hard.Hurt them hard in their pocket  when your president.
I dont believe one thing main strem news says their liars and play the same thing  go to  @infowars  for the truth.
They should not be allowed to report such trash.
but you get money from the position? so thats the main point. Your are lazy, everybody gets that , :)
FAKE PRECIDENT.

