Did you really just retweet an unscientific poll that even has a percentage saying someone who wasn't in the debate won it?
`@DesignerDanF @realDonaldTrump Trump smashed Hillary in nearly every online poll.   Except notably @CNN, who were caught cheating last time
I shouldn't have to explain this, because this poll is so obviously flawed some people believe a guy not in the debate won it.
It was a joke.  The truth is, almost every online poll showed Trump winning in a landslide. Election too!  Soon enough
Exactly. The poll is obviously not accurate or controlled. It's online. Anyone can screw with it. Not reliable, obviously.
So I take it you are a firm believer in the @CNN snap polls?
Polls done scientifically have errors, but a strong correlation to reality. Online polls do not. This is demonstable.
ha ha_ frumpt is delusional
like Ronald Reagan said a strong America is a strong military a weak America is a weak military N Country will take from U
Bimbos for Trump.
You're delusional if you believe you won that debate. You have lost all 3 & are 87% likely to lose the #uselection
87%?  I saw 98.3% on Election Day!  
It stunned us all, the shambolic #OBB is ruining not just the US internally (which y'all have to live with), but allowing Russia and China to rise and take US's place around the world. Sad.
@andersonDrLJA @One_T_ what do you think of this??!!
wow.. idk. I agree, but I'd say it looks like they polled 25k of his closest friends and family.
I really don't think I'm wearing rose colored glasses, I try to be real, the polls over sample dems
you do try to be real, and objective, and that's why I like you. :) This just looks skewed.. idk
it all looks skewed, and the politicians and pundits have no clue what the American ppl think!!
this is true.. if you listened to MSM they'd have Donald conceding already.
fake Hillary schooled you
ooh, the Washing Times!
@CNN See you in 2020 CNN.
drink more water !!  #shakyhandsdonald
TRUMP WAS BRILLIANT & VERY PRESIDENTIAL. He will always beat Hillary on the REAL issues! #debatenight #MAGA
#wrong
cc @GauravXm hahaha

Donald Trump saw a boy who was lost in New York and didn't tell anyone.
Is this a man we can trust as President? 
oh THAT looks real. It looks like a ransom note. Your statistics are as fake as your policies and your skin color.
Odd, everyone else says you lost.
So preparation helps, no? Still obvious that Hillary is 18 times smarter than you.
wash times. Lol.
pat yourself on the back. Enjoy your participation trophy.
China steel? Immigration labor? Shipped jobs over seas? #steelers #unions #2016debate
Hillary Clinton DID Win The 2nd Debate
HRC/2016
No he's not. It was a clean sweep for HRC. Every sane person knows this.
No intelligent person would agree. And the scientific polls confirm this. She made him look like a tool.
I can't  
yes, you have many rabid online fans who use bots to influence polls and also love Hitler
she got crushed LOL 
RT and Follow me if you think Trump won the debate!
gary Johnson 5%??? Haha he wasnt there. Very trustful source

great job Mr. Trump!! I'm with you.
: #DonaldTrump has conceded defeat. He knew from the start it's an unwinnable election for him.
Donnie, that poll has Gary Johnson and he- Ah, you know what, never mind.
Actually: no. You threaten to not recognize the world's oldest democratic process. Yet you tweet these garbage polls. 1/
In the last debate he said he would, but now that Voter Fraud is already everywhere (IN, PA, OH, FL)...
and tomorrow they will report Hellary wins , bs media!
NO DONALD YOU ARE A LOSER. Milania had an interview said you apologized, she lied or you lied
with the quid pro quo and the inciting violence tapes....she is done....
They are hurrying to cook the poll numbers again, as usual. Don't @CNN understand how little trust American has in them?
pffft
I know how to photoshop too
The Washington Times is a Moonie joke
.@realDonaldTrump This Washington Times ONLINE survey is not a scientific polling/ratings survey.WashingtonTimes is a garbage GOPpublication
Actually it is owned by the Moonies.

obvious lie...Trump didn't even debate
Great job, sir!
Hahahahaha...must be April Fool's Day! How could corrupt media doing a "hit job" ever say you won? All liars!
Ok. @realDonaldTrump
a nasty woman beat the piss out of you in front of millions, yet u claim victory.  You are a bad hombre
it's all in your perspective
Bullshit
looks like your team did an ok job doctoring one image, but facts don't lie. You were terrible at each of your debates DT

LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump repeats False claim that illegal immigrants are treated better than vets. http://bit.ly/2cMe5A1  

LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump’s comparison between Clinton and Petraeus cases doesn’t add up. 
http://bit.ly/2ehB6ZW  

LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump’s claim that Clinton failed to keep U.S. troops in Iraq is Mostly False. http://bit.ly/2dD4Emk  

has anyone ever heard of #TheWashingtonTimes?
yeah they are pretty big
Nah The Washington Post is really big. The Washington Times is a tiny tiny paper
hillary ended you for the last time.  Glad we will never see you again at the podium. #debate #GoHillary #
fake Figures
I wish you were to have came to Rhode Island. We can use some knowledge here. I'd like to educate others on you.
Those scientific polls are inaccurate too. 

http://veteranspoliticalarena45000.yuku.com/topic/4248/General-Election-Polls-A-History-of-Inaccuracy …
can't see the name of this made-up poll. Bogus bogus
my opinion you sucked in the debates. Could not hold a though for long.
@Trump2016Donald the truth is Trump won all debates and probably the popular vote because HRC probably got illegal votes
DOJ 1973 never forget! You took a deal... you didn't assume guilt but public opinion is different
All you can cite are rigged online polls. #TrumpLoser

Shhh...it's over now. Warm up a bottle of milk, put on some clean pull-ups, grab your paci and go night-night.
You suck @TriciaOKelley.  Stay in your sanctuary state criminal infested fantasyland bubble there.  You lost really really bad on 11/8/16- never forget it. 
As a #NeverTrumpOrHillary guy I'm going to admit that the breitbart poll was rigged because I tried to vote Trump on
WOW! You will not be President.
So you'd rather have a criminal be president who should be in prison? And steals millions from her own charity?
Early congrats to President Hillary Clinton
nice job completely avoiding the topic of hillary being a criminal and her charity. Nice try, but try again.
You seem very informed.
no, that would go to you. Nice try again, but another fail
Enjoy your loss on Nov. 8.
same to you.
winning the debate,  but it didn't let me & CNN polls always votes democrat. Search it up! 

#NeverTrumpOrHillary
way to go President Trump.
Gary Johnson!! So, yes, this is clearly a precise and trustable poll. Looking forward to your loss. #flushthetoilet
Haha.  Imagine the certainty you had the Trump loss was coming. 
"believe the polls, we are winning"  "don't believe the polls, rigged" "believe the polls we want you to believe"...really?
How’s your trust in polls right now?  
you'll do just about anything to stroke that ego won't you Mr. Narcissist
you obviously don't understand how polls work if you quote one which shows Gary Johnson and Chris Wallace getting votes.
Sure Donnie. You were so awesome, especially with that great temperament of yours. Sad,sad, little man.
Gary Johnson is a choice lmao
How did Johnson get 5%?! Lol....
take your meds, hell take my meds too. #thatmexicanthing
bahahahaha
Trump all the way...run away Killary...take your millions you made as a public servant and run with ur rapist husband
TRUMP POSTING LIES HIS HISTORY OF DESTROYING THE GOP..THANKS DONALD FOR TAKING PUTIN"S MONEY TO DESTROY THE GOP
You are extremely delusional. They do make drugs for that. Just trying to help.
Here's another interpretation...
YOU LOST ALL 3 DEBATES. PERVERT
What is The Washington Times?
ok I like making your own truth cheeto u lost!  Fell the burn you sob!
Wow. I used to think that the Washington Times was legit.
what about Ken Bone where did he score?
this is not even a real comic book. let alone a newspaper.
awwwww so sad
this shit faker than a 3 dollar bill
Meaningless polls are all you have to cling to.  It's just pathetic
trusting a poll that gives 5% to a guy that wasn't in the debate? #crashandburn
can you ever find real polls to tweet? Not that the lobotomized flock understand the difference 
, you're the president of internet polls, congrats! (1098 people think Gary Johnson won, it must be a reliable poll)
Watch Donald Trump praise Hillary and Bill Clinton to the heavens in uncovered tape
lol this is too funny
I'm nasty I vote & Im not dead not on @HillaryClinton books & their are millions like me good luck you need it 
wrong
Gary Johnson really did a tremendous job last night though.
COSI' VORREMMO VEDERE LA KILLARY.....

lololol. Anyone in DC knows what a piece I'd trash WT is. Does Ailes own it?
well donald..Ur ass ll b kicked by Obamas biden, Hillary...prepare well to pay Ur taxes
@KellyannePolls zIS believe Hillary was "bugged" at the debate Check out her gestures & check out the buttons on her shirt
The real Trump is delusional
not a scientific poll moron! A voter poll with no control over how many robots vite!
yet the media hates to admit it!!

.@realDonaldTrump Some pple will watch a movie 2x. 
But they won't watch debates twice if their life depends on it.
@JimPowersjpp over and over we had to watch the news wasn't it Gore with the Clintons pushing for it
nah.
fake polls
what hogwash, you're a loser
Can someone in the campaign, like @KellyannePolls explain to Trump that online polls don't count and why?  Please!
ORANGE DIARREAH
The SAD part is... People believe You.. LOL.
ummmm....thought the polls were rigged??
change your diaper and go to bed

Hillary Clinton did something that the entire Republican establishment, including 16 candidates, couldn't do: she destroyed Trump.
What the heck is this? Gary Johnson wasn't at the debate
@0516_864 You just can not tell the http://truth.You  are not fit to be POTUS.
UR A HUGE JOKE & EMBARRASSMENT 2 USA. CAN'T WAIT TIL 11/9 WHEN THE COUNTRY & WORLD WILL B RID OF U & EVERYTHING TRUMP! YUCK
EVERY poll said you won YET AGAIN but the dishonest media only allowing rigged polls to be seen by the public. #DebateNight
but u looked sweaty!

job well done now bring it home !
Dream on, dream on, dream until the dream comes.... Nope, not in your case loser. It's over. You lost.
@JkbComic #MAGA
Where do you find the one and only poll that said you won? Even FOX News didn't have you winning. So sad
the fix is in and I pray for our country. Children of light must defeat children of darkness
LOL @ "Chris Wallace". XD
Donald Trump won the debate big time.  She was her old lieing self again.This win will put the iceing on the cake for Trump

Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/trump-details-ethics-reform-p …
In Nigeria, this is how coupes dress for their traditional marriage. White house couple. lmao
Lol @realDonaldTrump, These are NOT scientific polls, Dummy. Wait till the scientific polls declare Hillary the winner. Bigly, Don, Bigly
haha. Only because that's a conservative site. Go 2 a real poll &see all the Hillary votes. You don't want the truth #loser
LIE
DREAM ON!!
Sorry to burst your bubble, but you have lost! BY THE COOLEST #NASTYWOMAN
Riiiiiiight
Why is SOROS  or Hillary not arrested for voter fraud... funding it !!!!! inciting violence !!!!
chineseownednewspaper
Gary Johnson and Jill Stein? Bad cut and past job. Hint: They weren't participating in the debate.
Wrong
congratlations on your v
WRONG!!
#DUMPTRUMP

Internet polls aren't scientific — you lost. #AcceptTheResult

gary johnson did well
Hillaryabuse US LAW.She use her exp n knowledge to gain financially by corruptions n also to destroy USA! VOTE TRUMP TRUMP!
Is that for real?
you should have rested and taken a nap like Hillary, this helped her to beat your orange clown off to bed. #hewantshismomny
boooooooooooo
 “@realDonaldTrump: The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:
TRUMP 77% (18,290)
CLINTON 17% (4,100)
#Drain ”
go Trump!
Hillary Clinton o'clock for the third time go back to the ivory tower
psychotic old trump lol dillusional
LOL too bad facts dont matter to u cause you so did not win.
YOU REALLY ARE NOT SMART AT ALL - GARY JOHNSON GOT 5% ????? SAYS A LOT ABOUT THIS POLL!!!
Unscientific poll....someone who does not understand how misleading a poll like this can be, can never be President.

Very nice We all know Hillary has no plan to use to beat you except lie and change words around and cheat to win.
wow Gary Johnson had a great night,he grabbed it by the
You will always be a loser...you will have us all in crisis....go back to the Tower in the sky.that is where your brain is.
To quote you ... LIE
you do realize that there were only two people debating right..might want to tell Washington times that
YOU WON 2 AND 3 I THINK
LOL LOL   LOL LOL   ROTFLMAO LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL ROTFLMAO  ... OMG, I think I am going to die of laughter!!!!!
@cnn @ChrisCuomo @JoeNBC @seanhannity SOOOO...he believes in the polls again or what?   #FlipFlopPsycho #WhinyBabyTrump
