@realdoneldtromq was done he died before I could get into ft root ark I'm still sad cause the VA killed him 
we aren't crying...we are fighting back
Did you mean "State prison?" Don't worry, it'll be federal prison for you, your spawn, & your sycophants & evil minions!
I expect he will be playing cards with Bernie Madoff the other sociopath and narcissist
Thank GOD!  You didn't need another reptile for your swamp, anyway. It's teeming with your buds!  #DumpTrump
@RudyGiulianiNYC . If u can easily screw him after all he did for you, how soon before you screw US who voted for you?
@marieinal @realDonaldTrump @RudyGiulianiNYC To be fair, Rudy does not deserve loyalty or even the barest of humane treatment.
Two rotten peas in a pod.
maybe this will allow him to separate his lips from your ass, finally! You'll both be better off!
- Something happened here. He's your friend and a fantastic American patriot. Please talk to him!
So, Mr.Brulljesmakher, you're saying not the whole of NYC rejects you?
He took himself out because he has enough SENSE to walk away from impending disaster, you fool
DON'T PICK ROMNEY!
There are lies, damned lies, and then there's every word from Donald Trump's mouth. @realDonaldTrump
You adulterers stick together dont you?
#HollerMonkey
WAIT FOR IT TRUMP.YOUR RUN IS CRUMBLING.Keep your mouse running though. Wont make it.More citizens than trump.
if you'll would have supported hillary as much as you follow Trump on Twitter.....maybe.....
Hope he is not ill. Sorry to see that happen.  He would have made excellent SOS. Tough fair in your corner
Whoever U choose has 2 manage international liaisons but also needs 2 totally straighten out that Dept of SOS
in your case it's fair to shorten to "SS"
election stealer
stealer?  Tf
#UNInterveneInBalochistan
You mean the Mafioosi guy??
I'm saddened by the news. However I'm sure your pick will be phenomenal as the others.
Hillary; not my president! 
- A better man does not exist.
how can U, Mitt be on same page with everything, he does not trust Russia,U want to press reset button...
Then why did you leave him hanging? Oh that's right, Putin's making our decisions.
america hates trump

Philemon 1:25
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit.
Probably best... Rudy was great during the election and I hope we'll keep hearing from him!
It's his decision
he is a weasel
Got News was right!
I like Giuliani but he is great on tv interviews. He is so knowledgeable.
Is this where you told Rudy quit or be fired and he chose quit in order to save face?
The only smart thing he's done!
You lost the popular vote
thanks for your patriotism Rudy!
So, finally, someone with whom you associate made a good decision. Wish Ben Carson had done so as well.
Rudy is a raving lunatic and you are a con artist of the highest degree
when one of your best mates can tell how the wind is changing and jumps ship you should take note.
Lie number 2,347 right between Melania came here legally and I will support minimum wage hike to $10 an hr.
Really? ANd HRC victimized women sexually assaulted by her pedophile husband...ignorance
And Trump Sexually Assaulted women HIMSELF!
3 of them already debunked, dummy. Try to keep up.
MONICA LEWINSKY...need I say more? Go smoke a cigar...
She #smokes a Clinton #cigar
Donald's entire life has been a con; now, it's on the American people.
russia rigged the election for you
NO THE PEOPLE VOTED FOR HIM.
the people voted against him
thats like claiming the winner of the World Series is whoever scores the most runs out of 7 games

you do know Kahn was paid by Hillary don't you?
, yes, the dems need to read the us constitution
We don't know how much you OWE Goldman Sachs because you never released your tax returns!!!
DJT will release them WHEN HILLARY FINDS THE 33,000 EMAILS DESTROYED, elections over, move on
Pfffft. I am sure you love how he is draining the swamp. At least we knew what we'd get w/ HRC. He SCAMMED y'all
it's odd how you tweet at 3am often... Do you get enough sleep?
Yes, But what time is it in Russia?
I suppose it depends on where the president is
I'm so fucking pissed! I actually rooted for you & wanted you to win to make a change. But not this. TRAITOR!
finally a supporter showing some class and admitting their mistake. Thank you!!
There R many @  #trumpgrets & #trumpregrets & #ElectoralCollege - some R heart-breaking
, there are no regrets at all, for you yes but not the ones who voted trump
Good example of how Trump treats women - he was trying to grab her - you know.

Aye, you win. #BoobyPrize
America loses.
Good Luck with that, troll.


Stop posting stupid things.. Respect other people ideologies!
that's not a requirement
It is an obligation!
that's delusional
You ARE a Brexit supporter, sooo... why you hate him? 
me?! Got a UK passport only cause it was EU too & wife German, pro EU!
YEAH, RATS ALWAYS KNOW THE BEST TIME TO BAIL!
Rudy isn't going to be in ur admin? I'm sad he's such an asskicker get things done man
SO sad He is a great man cleaned up New York as You Rebuilt it. Partners in a Great work.
TRANSLATION: But me and him still have a very "special" relationship!
I'm still disappointed. I wanted Rudy as part of your team. My friends all say I deserve a cabinet position.
i can stump the trump
What with that DEPLORABLE picture of KILLARY?
traitor. You sold out your country out to the Russians. You're going down in history as the American traitor.
You say you're a "hippie & a refugee"; yet living off our tax dollars. You have NO CLUE about Pres.-Elect Trump. He's done more ...
...to create NEW JOBS, bring $ BACK INTO AMERICA; than any other Pres.-Elect in HISTORY; and he hasn't even officially begun.
...Talk to us when & if you ever become a US Citizen;but until then stop your rhetoric garbage;stop living off our tax $ & get a job
So basically she's paying as much taxes as Trump does?  #FuckDonaldTrump
She is a troll, a refugee & hippee by her own claim, and living off American taxpayer $, sponging off hard working ppl
... she takes advantage of Americans & does nothing. Pres-Elect Trump is a brilliant man who's worked non-stop...
At tweeting,lying,going to dinner,skipping security briefings, watching SNL. He's doing BIGLY things. 
Rudy your suck up you took him out he didn't take himself out I want you be honest.
=He is a class act I am sad he will not be standing with us.
Better check conflict of interest with Giuliani.
@realdoneldtromq well let me tell u about the VA popular bluff Missouri my uncle spent 3 months there he was a Vietnam ve
@realdoneldtromq Donald trump is the greatest man Obama wants 2 play pres now I just wonder Nebraska feels 
"Mr. Giuliani is taking a leave of absence, effective today, for an  unspecified period of time to handle matters unrelated to the law firm  or its clients," Rosenbaum said.     BOY THAT SPEAKS VOLUMES.......LEAVE FOR GOOD I'M GUESSING.
? @realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani
I heard he got locked in a toilet stall & started screaming, interrupting Trump's conference call w/ Kim Jong-un & Flynn Jr. https://twitter.com/joshrogin/status/807342596079099904 …
that’s kinda hot Ron...
It looks like Russia won the Cold War.  Trump's rape of the nation has begun.   Welcome to the U.S.S.A.
.@realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani anything to do w/the fact he made millions of dollars off the 2001 anthrax attacks?
They arent deplorable, they ARE DESPICABLE! #TrumpTrainWreck #OligarchsINC #FascistParadise @realdonaldtrump @rudygiuliani
please go back to where you came from!
Let's, be fair... A tribute to Trump! :-) https://twitter.com/NovaShpakova/status/807752075157377024?p=v … @rhondam17668861
All the greatest quotes & insights from 2016 President Elect @realDonaldTrump. Enjoy! #TrumpTrain. http://spitfirelist.com/for-the-record/ftr-932-the-making-of-donald-trump-top-banana-republic-part-1/ …
@realdoneldtromq well we never seen a doctor an aide picked up a dirty rag to clean hid foot I took him or but the damage
Any more top picks for cabinet, Comrade? Make Mother Russia Great Again!
go fly your rainbow flag someplace!
That supposed to be an insult?  Something wrong with LGBTQ+ people? You in the closet? Don't worry, we'll accept you 
Will u accept people that believe that marriage should be between a man/woman? Oh yeah , you're tolerance stops at that one.
Absolutely right. My tolerance stops at other people's intolerance over issues that are really none of their business. Next Q.
accept that Christians believe what the bible says. You should respect their beliefs, even if u don't believe it yourself.
I tolerate all ideologies that do not oppress others or force others to adopt the same ideologies.
then u must have tolerance for Christians then. True Christians don't "force".
very saddened by that news...we were PRAYING for him to b in cabinet- SOS orHLS. We love Rudy; American asset
Thank Heavens for BIG favors!!  The man certainly is entering in dementia!
thank god for that
thank you Jesus! #Traitor #traitorgate #RussiaHacking #russiagate #DumpTrumpNow #DontheCon #TrumpLies #trump
he has #Trumpgret to?
What does it say for the caliber of people you know if Giuliani is one of the finest? #racist demagogue
Good thing too, since the attacks on the world trade center happened on his watch. He should be jailed for it
rythm
I really wanted Rudy in that position
Thank God. ...O wait. ..you'll find someone worse,  Thank you donnie boy
california, land of fruits and nuts and illegal aliens, should never decide anything.
Really? First I don't believe that. Second he's a clown. #tytlive
#climatechange  it's real, please
thanks D for letting us know. Rudy, you would have been a great member. But you know best
surprise everyone and appoint him. That would be the icing on the cake. :)
Get him back.Giuliani well do a great service to U.S .Giuliani is to important to let go
Your Best Secretary of State Option !!! Rudy The Most Loyal person on the Campaign!!!
The greatest ass-kisser of all time is not in your cabinet? What a humongous slap in the face! #LOL #LMAO
Well thank goodness for that
I sure hope so
I'm sure you will be able to find someone less qualified
Hahahahaha. You screwed your buddy! Rudy is a nut job!!!

You're making a Big Mistake letting Rudy go The message I got is you don't value loyalty
Noooooo!!!! I don't understand he would be perfect as SOS. Get him back on the list please..we want Rudy.
Why would he do that?
Rudy is tailor made for secretary of state and would always stand with you.
Reply to @realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani WHY? Too bad.
why?
#MAGA 
I love Rudy. Mr. Exxon not so much.
Palace intrigue-- banished!!  Be REAL
that would be because the little Turd is as crooked as you..hang in there Twitler your day is comin.
good Mayor but louzzy choice for State.
"just"?  So you admit you lied about the 11/29 date?  #liarinchief
Because he is guilty of being complicit with Russia and factions of the FBI to install you as president.
Thank God!
Thank God!
#DonnieTwoTimes
I apologize for using quote marks again. It makes it seem like "State" is the name of a tv show.
you didn't offer him the job! Your both a joke
because he doesn't want to be a part of your fleecing of America trump. You'll further ruin his reputation
loved that guy!! That is too bad!!
Yeah, right. #GetReal
I wish you would reconsider. Help us make our country Great Again
Great to hear. We don't need to hear "911" in every other sentence anymore. He should retire. #finished
Would you mean #SoS as opposed to "State"?
Too bad all of your other choice are equally terrible.
The stench of the swamp was becoming too much for him to bear
Our Loss
WHAT A JOKE! Help him save face that your weren't going to select him. shoulda saw that writing on the wall
Why?
was false flag to draw ATTN for press. Tillerson 1st choice all along cuz Putin wanted him 4 Russia's benefit
smart move on his part.
You're lips are moivng. You're lying.  NEVER MY PRESIDENT!
Again PEOTUS thank you  for sharing with your base, others go straight back into the hole they crawled from.
horseshit. U were never going to give Rudy a job. His overseas entanglements make him a liability. Come clean
Thank God
So glad he is going to remain an advisor!!
what a bunch of bull shit.
when you going to take out yourself from the presidency.
thank the lord god bless America
i hope you will consider him for another position he well deserves it
get him back!!!
- But he would make a great FBI Director !!
Not acceptable-Mayor Rudy for STATE - we don't want an OIL man in that position! They've STOLEN from us enuf!
in November
Rats off sinking ship! Lol
So you nominated someone even worse. Way to go. 
please we want Rudy. #NeverRomney #yes2rudy
why is state in quotes?  I guess you failed English
Well, that's one small ray of Hope in your otherwise horrifying list of appointees and nominees.
It has to be someone credible. Tillerson/Romney/Huntsman/Oligarchs DON'T FIT,same for labor pick out in 6 mos
At this point, anyone & I mean anyone but Romney. Please maintain BFF. #NeverRomney #MAGA
I just hope he isn't sick
is that bc @RudyGiuliani will be implicated in the Comey coverup of your Ties with Russia?
PE Trump, Rob Keefe from Melvick News, any indication when you will announce your Secretary of State?
He's a loser
GOOD!  HE IS A CREEP LIKE YOU
we love you Trump thank God adults are in charge.


you know best
What about Newt Gingrich for Sectetary of State? Smartest man I know!
The man who kept forgetting to take his meds.
don't you dare try to throw mit or any nevertrumper in there.. they need to sit in the corner for 8years
i am in tears...i love rudy
You're both the same kind of crazy!!  #2.5millionandcounting #truthnotneeded #ourfutureisscrewed
What? He just wasn't crazy enough?
I wanted him so badly...there's never been a mayor of New York like him EVER
I Agree. Please #Trump Win #Guliani Like You Won America!  #America Needs Guliani.
that is the only good news about your cabinet so far
the rats leaving the sinking ship lolol
you need to meet better people!
Another lie.
.@realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani BECAUSE HE KNOWS WHAT A FRAUD YOU ARE! And I don't even like Giuliani.
Giuliani gets my vote for anything! Honest, hard-working man who believes in America. A patriot and a hero
Thank God!
go ahead and announce Rex the Middle East will go weak at the knees.  Best Candidate for the job period.
We want Rudy in Adm, any capacity. While he was encouraging supp; Romney was dong the opposite. #NeverRomney
the demonrats did all they could to illegally steal the election and still lost.
thank God.
I'm still ready to join your team...
I was hoping Rudy Giuliani would have got the job...Sooooooo saddddddddd :(
GOOD FOR ALL !!
#bothunqualified
@Angelmdunn1961 @RudyGiuliani  "I was pulling for Rudy. How about for Supreme Court?"
so agree hasn't he been knighted by queen of uk brilliant man another one being rubbished by establishment
we all know he wanted that job, and we all know he didnt take himself out of running, wheres your loyalty now
..I guess you won't be attorney general,huh?  I guess Trump is not your friend!
you get along so well because you are both INSANE !
thank goodness
First, Christie, now RUDEy, they did your dirty work and you dumped them, Bellyache Conway, next?! Drop Flynn
the fact he would even be considered to begin with makes my ass twitch!
Rudy was Loyal. Very few Trump loyalist on cabinet. Carson,Session,Bannon. You need Palin,Huckabee,Perry!
@SarahPalinUSA GIVE  SARAH PALIN  THE VA JOB . STOP FUCKING OVER PALIN  
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/12/report-reince-priebus-stacking-trump-white-house-gop-insiders-video/ …
@Reince
Because he actually DID earn millions in countries w/bad human rights records like Qatar.  Hypocrites!
and EVERYONE has heard rumors and ALL are wondering why? And what REALLY happened??
W/o doubt that's BIGGEST LIE since the 400lb. guy in NJ (Christie?) hacking DNC! #drumpf #impeachment
