can't think why China were concerned about your drone?!!!
来这里是件很简单的事，只不过，我们不太愿意来，因为国内的媒体更好玩，更有趣，更贴近我们的生活。有空也可以去我们微博看看啊最近来这里人多是因为，推特有个很好玩的人
fb没找到组织，推特至少川普这里不少
I do not think your comment translates well
恩呐，不过语言是用来沟通的，能理解对方想表达的内容就好了
I find it amazing that I can speak to people from China on Twitter.
不用amazing，一切都很正常，也许你该来中国看看，你会发展更多
我給川普總統上中國的歷史課！
中共不等於中國，中國不等於中華！現在是中共國，不是人民的國，而是地獄的國！現在是中國共產黨，綁架著整個中國，簡稱叫中共國！又名是地獄鬼國！全中國的人民，包括港澳同胞，全部都是中共的人質、待宰的羔羊、給中共擋子彈的犧牲品！
台狗滚犊子
對不起，我不是台灣人，我是美國狗！我的格言是：寧做美國狗，不做中國人！因為中共國，人吃人！而美國，不但人不吃狗，連狗也不吃狗！
no tiene que dejarse  intimidar x nadie.el que quiera guerra!!! Que guerra tengan.
凭自己本事捞的，为什么要还给你
666
sour grapes? Just coz the #chinese got there 1st? What would they want with a #US #drone?
TY4 using our company processes if you know someone that needs help I am looking for work. Text VOTE to 89800. http://iZigg.com  or http://brending.iZigg-mobile.com/affiliate  We tweeted #KAG {! does not render} first. #Cc: @SecondLady #Bcc: @FLOTUS Our plan is simple. Call me @BrendingCoachZ – at Business Development Service
@90210CouponBook @90210GoFurther 90210 is a postal code. This tweet is for our commander-in-chief mr. President can you please call me I am being bullied and harassed by one of your agencies. #mhcoon us my #RockStar☆ @mhcoon @EPAScottPruitt
Mr. President, I am being bullied by a tax payer paid for government officials. Who is your ip ai attorney? http://osc.gov/isis.html  Text VOTE to 89800 http://brending.izigg-mobile.com/affiliate  #Cc @DASHRDTraingSta @SecondLady
Oh,,little Trump,, Be careful with your spelling next time..
you have some balls Mr.President.
#unpresidented
your security briefings would tell you that is an idiotic statement. #yourewelcome
Is there any rational thought behind that, or just an idea you had while taking a shit?
oh shift!
that is an unpresident idea!
I'd think this was a joke, but you have no sense of humor.
You are right they packed into it Then returned to us
Hahaha haha
Why?
all the whiney babies still at it. Keep handling business as it should be.
You really don't have have the faintest idea how this works, do you?
we stole a drone from china? Makes sense they'd steal it back...
Many of us out here do not care WHAT you think.  We only want you gone!
Touché
Where do you get your foreign policy ideas? The shower? Sitting on the toilet? "FANTASTIC IDEA, ME. JUST REALLY TREMENDOUS"
so they can reverse engineer it? Very unwise
i don't think they speak russian.
I'm sure they have interpreter.
you are a real meathead ya know
You are the president elect, and you think they should keep our intelligence submarine?
that might have classified information in it, and is an expensive piece of equipment.
Whaaaa???? You make no sense.
omg stop
your momma should tell you  to stop and get a life
My gawd! Too late now! What are you thinking???!!
so, it's not "unpresidented"?
don't make fun of the Precedent
#notmyprecedent
what the fuck is wrong with you?!
if you had been briefed you would have learned about this 48 hours earlier than you did.  Your previous tweet and this do
not relate.  Dementia? Rational thought and expression is important.  Is a Drs visit in order?
what the fuck is wrong with you?
Why? We don't want them learning anything about the technology we use.
Why do you say that Mr. President ? @realDonaldTrump
great Christmas gift
your the best Trump
But what about getting tough on China, Von Clownstick? Sad!
Like a 5-yr. old, in every sense.
the Child President
The old "Fine, we didn't want to play with it anyway" approach to diplomacy.
How about we take cost of it plus fee & deduct if off any national debt we owe them?
Nah. We should just invade China
Why would be invade them when we can charge them whatever for the drone plus loss ? Think business
lol is this how you think the world works? amazing!
if they steal some of our stuff.. we take it off what we owe them . Business
don't ever change. you are absolutely fascinating.

Here's a thought ask china and Russia if the want to share North Korea after fearless leader is removed.
This message is for the president of the United States of America I am 57 years old and unemployed I have not work for 6 years do you have anybody on your team that would be interested in hiring me nobody wants to hire an old geek. @SecondLady
#NorthKoreanDetainees #WelcomeHome @TextBouce90210 @Tech_Trump_Team @tenprinciples @TheBigZMan24

Why did @BarackObama let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
#Tech_Trump_Team #KAG KEEP AMERICA GREAT! http://linkedin.com/in/JDZarlino  @BrendingGlassdoor @MicroMessaging1 @micromessaging2  I am looking for work I am a Navy retired man 57 years old please call 347 and then my last name zar-lino thank you
Sir, may I respectfully ask what are the main things that made you change your mind? Appreciate your input.
Every time I've asked THAT question, I never get a response, nothing. And I'm polite about it just like you, 
@alexpiletska It just would be very interesting to know why? There is such a long list to choose from.
@alexpiletskaI don't want 2 kno.It'll only be stupid answers that will infuriate me more. Best they don't ansa
many people are actually angry that Hilary was not prosecuted.
Thats the lame propaganda the Conserves n Reps put out, and they drank it like it was sweet wine.
@alexpiletska It's the only tactic they really had, they knew they couldn't compete on economic policy.
Trump's Dumb Tweets are the result of not being smart enough to get daily intelligence briefings.
Is this even a real Twitter??
let's put you in the drone and then send it to "Jina"
Yes as they already got all the information they neeed. But Obama sits on his sorry butt as usual

Thank you!
We dont want our US patents back either. weve just moved on back to building everything we need good bye China.
You need to make #china feel uncomfortable about their actions in the South/ East China Seas. #japan #Philippines #taiwan
THANK YOU
China agreed to return the drone before you even tweeted about it. If you'd attended your briefings you would have known.
@JustOnly_got7  @SJ13choisiwon @beter_jeff_lee @mayday_jing @realDonaldTrump   围观
WOW. All of these losers are wasting their time attacking your Twitter??? Must not have REAL JOBS to occupy their time.HAHA
do you even read your text before pressing that tweet button??


Don't mind him, he's just on another cocaine binge, he'll calm down soon.
.@realDonaldTrump 
A) complain ab the drone 
B) get drone back 
C) complain they gave it back
D) complete tantrum with punctuation error
the comment makes no sense... 'they stole the drone back'
I'm trying rly hard to support this incoming president but w/ every tweet he seems more illiterate, unaware and unhinged.
are you a terrorist?
he brought down the deficit, brought the economy back after the recession, many people w/o health ins now have it
rates would go up every year anyway, I work & get health insurance @ work which went up every year B4 ACA  @MagicRoyalty
What did he fail at ?
the least popular President in our country's history. That says it all.

what else can they steel and keep?
we will tell satan we don't want you back. He can keep you
China didn't steal it,Ok?Please tell us why you let it steal secrets of China?
你这个渣渣，敢不敢注册个微博？
努力学习哦

侬刚度！！！！
66666

是你们在制造事端，侵入中国海域做间谍活动!美国人太霸道了!!而你们的霸道就快要和你们的实力不相符了!!!
wonderful
this is our freedom
operation rolling stone
who is this guy with stupid words?

so...they could deconstruct it and learn scientific and technological secrets?! You make no sense!
Did you have time to get to this or did you only have time to apologize for your Taiwan comments?
WW3 is what you are trying to start. A Real Leader chooses his words wisely for the betterment of his people.
maybe we need to make a Trojan Drone!

哈哈哈 在推特上看到表情包异常亲切
"@realDonaldTrump: We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!" -- LOL... That's just a signal.

多读书，多看报，不要再写错别字咯~~~
ok, @twitter, when his tweets threaten national security, can u ban him please
I am thankful you are going to be my President. Thank you for taking this on. The dems are MEAN. You can handle them.
why the fuck would you do that?
Attend a briefing once in awhile!! You're behind in the news
might as well give all our secrets away. Let the world have all our technology. That makes Amerika great again-right

终于找到了你的推文，真棒！

傻逼
You are such an adolescent! I would laugh except it is a shame   you will embarrass our great country for 4 long years.
they can keep our Drone. We have the capacity to make new technology Drone. Looser China.
already giving up?
Thank you so much
Let them choke on it!
哈哈哈哈哈哈

Why don't we let them keep it and just bill them at a ridiculous price for it.  Deduct off the money we already owe them!!
哈哈哈哈我要多准备点表情包
YOU should say nothing at all. You've already made an ass of yourself to China.
how about you jump on that drone and they can keep you too?

are you mr trump are nuts anyway you are not my president
cool! We should also tell Russia that we don't want you and would like to send you there.
would not take it back either we don't know if they attached something or a perhaps a trap...

why？
powerful
does it hurt to be that stupid?


little baby.

Posted AFTER your minders tried to give you credit for the drone's return. No wonder the  Chinese call you a big baby.
傻逼
Wrong. It's ours and they are only giving back what is rightfully ours.
If u would read your intelligence briefings u would have known they were giving it back. Just following proper protocol.
Yeah, what's the point? They already stole any technology from it.
Precedent setting?  Bad idea.   Tell them that IF they cut that cable again they will be blown out of the water.  AND do it

居然只出现了少量兔杂，主要是学历低。。。看不懂英文还不会翻墙。不过川普真是个傻逼，推特也能治国？
ohhhh

ok I  see
NO.
I was wrong to even weigh in, since I've never even read a single book about our relationship with China.  #TrumpIsUnfit
at the Chinese deal with the Bahamian gov about allowed them to harvest all they can get of the east coast   There nothing that you can do?
Settling disputes with another world power should not involve trying to instigate that world power even more. Enough said.
Stop proving you're #unqualified We respect your victory, you just got to at least try to be presidential! #TrueBlue

ah，no.It is funny that China sea
just tell your Russian cohorts to hack them. They like to take your orders.
Why exactly would the the future leader of the United States ever tell China they should keep our drone?
123
大白龙桥发来贺电
为了看你这篇推，我特地翻墙而来，哈哈希望以后发生此类事件你都能保持一样的态度！！！中美合作愉快


too young too simple,sometimes naive
怎么没一个中文
If you took briefings, you'd know China had already agreed to give it back, fool.
you shouldn't tell China anything, you're not president yet. They might stop manufacturing your goods.
lets start a no fly zone like stupid liberals want
This is the way the world ends.   
Not with a bang,  
Not with a whimper,  
But with a banal hollow man Tweet.
从头条来观光
It's called backwards engineering. Look it up make yourself useful
idiot
Brain is a good thing.I hope you can have one.
of American values. Thank you Mr Trump
I hope you will teach them a lesson
