had the highest ratings during the debate. Sounds like you're a sore loser, on top of being a baby. #LoserDonald
typical CNN lackey. Fox had 11.4mm viewers while CNN had 9.8 mm.Just make it up as u go along, you are qualified to be a CNN anchor
Fox News isn't a real news network, so here in reality they don't count, unless misinformation is the topic of discussion.
facts are facts u friggin retard. 11mm watched fox 9mm watched CNN. I hope ur at the top of Pres. Trump list of illegals deported
Fact is Fox News is legally filed as an entertainment company, NOT journalism. And I'm from Connecticut, you bigoted asshole.
so you are from Ct., your still illegal& deported soon. U really are an idiot to argue Fox is not a news org. Wtf is wrong w u?
I'm American, you dimwit. Connecticut is a state. And Fox News in a lawsuit about misinformation stated they aren't a news org.
All you illegals live somewhere. I done arguing whether or not fox is a news org. You are just a moron. Zero, perfect name u have.
Soros is an enemy to American patriots and free speech.He owns the media.
Soros should be considered an enemy of the state.
IF THIS WAS 1776 SOROS WOULD HAVE BEEN SHOT AS A TRAITOR TO http://AMERICA.HOW  LONG DO THE EVIL RICH ESCAPE PROSECUTION?
WHO DO YOU THINK FUNDS MOST DEMOCRATS? OBAMA WAS CERTAINLY FUNNELED $$$. HOW DEEP IS HE INTO CONTROL OF THE MSM?
their the Worst!
Truth hurts, right Donald??   #TrumpChoked #DonTheCon Trump has another #MELTDOWN
@deejay90192 @realDonaldTrump @CNN @donlemon Trump you can't handle the TRUTH !
Trump wouldn't KNOW the truth if he walked straight into it!
#TrumpLies
there is no truth is his heart 
 #SourLipsLemon
once a lemon always a lemon
Yeah pretty bad kind of like losing a newspaper endorsement
it's amazing how the media is condoning her actions guess they are a rotten as her same bunch of liars.
http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2016/09/29/dont-vote-for-donald-trump-editorial-board-editorials-debates/91295020/ …
how much have you raised for vets that you kept for yourself? Let's talk about your fraudulent charity.
what a dumb google
Wait YOU loved @CNN during the primary !!!
btw Donald Don lemon has you watching...lol
have you seen how the trumpettes are unable to defend your attacks on women?
good job speaking the truth unlike the putts @MittRomney !! What a woosy he was.
How did Hillary get so wealthy on a politician's salary?
Release your tax returns.
damn you a savage
-- In Nielsen rating, Fox News #1 cable network, #ClintonNewsNetwork is 14th, behind the cartoon network!
I dumped CNN ages ago! No one attacks my hero Trump and gets away with it!  

Yay!!!!! Donnie is back driving the Twitter feed. Only thin-skinned Donnie whines and bad mouths like this.
toddler t, you are hurting so you are gonna lash out at other kids on the playground: NOT happening anymore
Remember he is BLACK
Both are jokes
Don happens to be an ace journalist. He tells the truth, something that's foreign to you.
Don Lemon reminds me of my 1987 Ford Ranger....
lemon the biggest racist...
but I guess you're watching, Mr. Trump. Did Don Lemon say something mean about you?
CNN has racist host, lemon is the worst
the Clinton Nappy Network is pathetic....
holy shot can't  u come up with someone new? You repeat things over and over.  Ur too old and feeble.
Next time HillBillary brings up trash hearsay at the debate, I'll rattle off ALL hers and ask which one should I discuss?
If she wants to stoop to that level again, I'll call her on it and threaten to match tit for tat. Starting with Whitewater
or maybe how she treated "Bill's women". There is so much we could say and do if we stoop to that level during a deabte
it's completely unwatchable and actually irritating. I actually close my eyes as I skip over that channel
your eyes have been shut for along time, good luck with tht trump vote
Man that's a real kindergarten low grade tweet.
had to come down to the level of a trump voter so you could understand, nice come back
bashing the network dosent change the facts about ur illegal actions ha ha

how dose a man do illegal actions with his foundation but have the balls to challenge another foundation that is transparent
If you think a foundation that makes 2 people $100 million is transparent, you are blind. Btw, it's does not dose
WE NEED TRUMP @GOP work harder. @RNCLatinos @US_Army_Vet @Reince @oreillyfactor  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_iOoeOru84 …
don is doing his job and a damn good job. Sad u don't respect the first amendment and freedom of press
good thing we have the freedom to tell @CNN they are shit. #Trump2016
and the media has the freedom to call out trump for his shit and hold him accountable
shut up you rotten ol pumpkin
CNN big part of the swamp. Needs to be cleaned and bleached.  #bleachbitswampdwellers
Do you have any dignity at all!! This isn't how a person who's running for President should speak, SMH!!  @realDonaldTrump @CNN @donlemon
Donald Trump sucks.
No argument there
His face should be registered as a lethal weapon.
Defintely! Such an embarrassment.
He's a joke. Like Bernie Sanders.
They're all a big joke and the joke's on us most of the time that's the sad part.
That's true. I don't even vote anymore. Btw, Hillary sucks too.
Trump is sad.....just sad
No he's glad he won the election haven't you heard
they fit bus. Model. Dumb old women, check, gay white, check. Gay black & racist, check ,check. Dumb old Dem. Lacky, check.
almost as bad as your polling numbers after the debate!
the only site that said trump was losing was CNN 

And look at how shitty their ratings are
yes of course you're right. I'm sorry, Mr. Smart man.
your attempt at sarcasm is appreciated unfortunately its hard to tell intext
"it's"
I only get 100 letters for these tweets
I wish you got 0
Because you can't take others opinions can you?
Have you seen how badly YOU are doing in the ratings, sir? This IS reality, not a TV program. Straighten up!
Of course a black guy lol.
They're horrible. Lemon's finest moment in journalism is when he got beaned by bottle to the head Ferguson
Also when he got hammered on New Years!
California Burns, Nero picks up a violin
wow

Well there goes all that fake black 2 week long "outreach" down the drain. Your disgusting
Don't watch don't care
#I CALL IT COMMUNIST NEWS NETWORK because they hate AMERICA.
.@donlemon is a total disaster! And not just bc he's Black. He should resign in disgrace! @realDonaldTrump
has more class than you. He loves his job & we love him.
rodhams lies & lies
Rodham sure knows how to pick friends
Wonder if the PC Police will Ban the Word" Miss Piggy"
Old white males love you! But nobody else does. #LyinTrump #ClownTrain #BigCheeto
Hahaha I'm s mix trust .and I'm broker than any part of US and I support him can't you see being united is key make that a goal .
@Capt17Bjk @CNN @donlemon DT..take a couple of Tylenol PM's and get some rest..give your tiny fingers and big mouth a rest

WRONG. According to Nielsen, the adults 18-49 demo is up 59% in ratings compared to last year.
Millennials
@CheriJacobus this is why you lose debates, you focus on stupid things instead of issues.
maybe Dr. Dean was onto something
he was up at 3 am texting....time for the GOP to admit they screwed up nominating trump.

do not let Her off the hook called good people of this great nation deplorable for simply wanting change !
Africa thinks you are crazy and has taken off with China, Asia and S. America... Have a nice day.
please relax I'm with Hilary Clinton
it's the same crap FOX news does with Hillary!  Love you Don Lemon!
face it Donald, your going to lose in November
What are you saying about people like Don Lemon?
rise above the sludge Donald. Talk policy. No more bait.
as nice as he has been to you, you get crybaby over little things#you are wearing  me out # comical
https://www.amazon.com/Blood-Their-Hands-Hillary-Standard/dp/1534609873/ref=la_B017J228AQ_1_1/167-3742578-8569325?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1474938226&sr=1-1 …
donlemon is awesome ur wife would love to rub him down I bet.
agreed - he isn't bias at all......hahahaha - cracking a smile trying to post this lol - what a joke!
Your target is Hillary the Hun not their personal news network. Go after the biggest crook of all time!!
don is the most disgusting racist of all! He went against his hometown policemen supports ambush of police
You're insulting a successful gay black man? You really don't know how to expand your base, do you?
a friggin Canadian coming to the defense of crooked Hillary and a gay black, racist newsman . Pretty rich lol
Just because someone lives in another country doesn't mean they were born there. It's called "travel". Born in Georgia
CNN started out ok when I was in grade school and now it is like PBS for Clinton network! they r corrupt!
CNN sources say Pope Francis makes Hillary a saint.  http://bit.ly/2dFIfT0 
@realDonaldTrump @CNN @donlemon
#Trump what r u going 2 do about Halls of Congress they squat there Raman Noodles and sex why else WH pages
Right these MEXICAN DEPLORABLE'S ARE VOTING FOR TRUMP!
wow racist much

Don is a good person. Too bad you arent. You wouldnt know the truth if it slapped you in the face.
you do realize ratings mean nothing, right?
Most-watched quarter in 8 years tho. Also winning the 18-49 demographic. #justsaying
new Fox News, CNN polls both show CLINTON leading.  Sorry you don't like facts. Go back to soft porn cameos
You are unraveling ...    Time to pull the plug v@CNN @donlemon @HillaryClinton
did you see how terrible you were at the debate
reading these comments proves her supporters are blissfully ignorant.
sweet of you Mr. Trump -- another race-based attack on an educated journalist. Keep digging your grave. Sad.
hahaha Clinton News Network!!! Great news outlet just like MSLSD! #FollowTheMoney
#SiberianCandidate #TrumpsucksPutinsCock
.@realDonaldTrump WOW- have U seen the Republican newspapers edorsing Hilary or saying ur unfit to be prez? U are setting records!!
"people like Don Lemon", what are those black people? Imagine that! You're ridiculous! 
Darlin' your supporters are that powerful.  We will fight the trash for you.
I can bash you but you can't bash me, total liberal BS!
The fact is more people are moving away from traditional media. You know as you say THE CYBER.
Your company did business in #Cuba in 98 when it was illegal #Clinton didn't do anything illegal Truth hurts
All repubs saying will not vote for Trump means they r voting for Hilary. Be sure to get that out!
Investigation launched after dead people are registered to vote in Harrisonburg http://www.richmond.com/news/virginia/article_e008ce00-0365-57a2-95c0-4d9aa70012f9.html#.V-83-449yc8.twitter …
STOP WHINING. What happened to those Issue Speeches? Economy Security Childcare! LISTEN to NEWT. Out of MUD
I CANCELED MY SUBSCRIPTION WITH CNN MONTHS AGO. DON LEMON IS A HATEFUL MAN.
we love you #PresidentTrump
YES!
No, they're really doing okay. You're just crashing and burning. Sad!  
People have no morals if they vote for Trumo and his bitch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFvP_HZVqmY …
Now you're attacking Lemon. He isn't the only CNN host asking tough questions about you. Oh, but he's Black.
well, he is a lemon, after all.  :D
#CocaineTrump
stop tweeting and start acting like a president.
am I the only one who is tired of this childlike behavior?
Dream on Delusional Donald
So, so presidential. #TRUMPTRAIN WRECK
Sounds racist, Donnie. I have so much respect for Mr.Lemon. None at all for you, Tiny Hands.
@donlemop I don't see you growing any balls to go on there as tough as you think you are No balls draft dodger
@that guy Simenon is indeed  a DEMON. So deluded and crappy
unfit to be president!
Watch them tank
Keep on rollin that Trump train.
WI. People wait in the rain!
DO NOT let her off the hook on Oct. 9... Give her hell, Donald!!!
Wow. Who have you not disrespected except rich white men???  Oh yea, you took them on too.
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN @donlemon yet oddly every night @OutFrontCNN @ErinBurnett seems 2hav a live split screen of sumthin UR doing!
you love and misused the media until they finally got your number and started pushing back
DT you are really sick and crazy
well, they are in, the real scientific polls, the ones O'Reilly has been waiting for, and you lost BIGLY!
Why does #CrookedTrump only go to @FoxNew sorry FoxNoise. He is afraid of the real media and likes fake news
ARE YOU FOUR STOP
On your next debate don't hold back,voters needs 2 know abt Benghazi,Clinton F &Bill Affairs,don't worry abt chelsea
i stopped watching, they have exposed themselves for the political arm they really are
Check this out!!!
Don Lemon is incompetent. Just a pretty face.
hillary gives ISIS 400 MILLION MY MISTAKE, WATCH THAT GET IGNORE,, AND WHITE HOUSE SAID IT
Your presidency is crumbling and you are panicing. Looks like come january youll be sitting in trump tower
everyone hurting your feelings poor pig man
Lost respect 4 Lemon long ago. Every single shot of the news commentators up to debate had HRC signs. Fair?
got amazing ratings the night I got my teeth kicked in by @HillaryClinton at the debate! Everyone saw that!
Clinton news network,how stupid and Faux/Fox news AKA...TRUMP'S LAP DOG MOUTH PIECE. .
Love CNN & Don Lemon! You're sinking, @realDonaldTrump !
Its a Lemon show. You know what they do with vehicles that are Lemons. Just sayen. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Lemon is the 'soft spoken racist!'
#13
call crooked numb nuts that's for CNN and all those political stations the XO stupid
I have watched every rally stop talking about Hillary that is free publicity 1people 1God 1 flag 1America.
Is that all you have?
#5
don lemon is an activist hesnt a journalist hes part of BLM #blackoutCNN
-Don Lemon keep on with the great job-Trump noone watches Fox we know it is republican party network- yuck.
CNN was behind the GARDENING NETWORK in ratings....Shows they are DIRT!
CNN is definitely the worst. They try to create the news instead of report it. Lemon is an angry man
U wanted free publicity & this is how U do it by talking nonsense. No wonder U r unfit 4 POTUS. U only think of U
I wish someone would look into the commercial seafood industry in the US

#CNN is still being #Boycotted by your #Supporters Mr. Trump. Only time we hear abt them is here on #Twitter
#CrappyNewsNetwork
watch. @FoxBusiness @Varneyco @cvpayne
just because he doesn't repeat things at least three times like you D TRUMP doesn't make him a disaster.
U are Brilliant Mr. Lemon! Keep up the great work! Must be hard to be so poised & just when Trump is topic!
Why are you such a big baby and a little man Mr. Trump? So easily threatened Love Don Lemon. #orangebuffoon
NEWSFLASH: WHENEVER A NEWS OUTLET TAKES TRAITOR TRUMP TO TASK FOR HIS LIES, THEY MUST BE DOING BADLY.
Don't watch anymore, don't trust.
I stop on CNN just to monitor the BS every so often. Don Lemon is not smart enough to even appear unbiased.
don lemon is to blacks what david duke is to whites
Don't bring up Bill's women at debate. They are ready 4 that. Hit her on how she takes $ from people that treat women badly
@AlbionAwakes @CNN @donlemon Don Lemon, where did they find this monkey
like news for dumb fucks is any better ?
What afreaking racist you are not to mention youre a pathological liar & phony leading sheep to slaughter
@AnimaILife @CNN @donlemon Must You continue? Am sick of the way this campaign is going. No dignity.
Is second only to Jim Grey on my list of terrible reporters.
Pssst, Donald, I have a used treadmill for sale.
cnn are clinton supporters.dont give them the time of day.
The Food Channel, Nick-At-Night, & even viewer challenged @MSNBC have better ratings than @CNN. Plus, @donlemon is a joke!
God, you are such an embarrassment to this nation, the Republican Party, and the male population.
I find them quite refreshing and newsworthy compared to your rantings at all hours of the night
I stopped watching them and now I will no longer watch Lester Holt.
omg ppl actually support this guy? LOL AMERICA is doomed
.@realDonaldTrump At least @CNN and @donlemon pay their taxes...
I absolutely HATE CNN too!  BUT STOP!
CNN sucks. Now the Democrats have the schools trashing Trump. Politics should not be allowed in schools.

like it, i always called them the communist news network.
wow, did u see how Hillary mopped the floor w you during the debate?? SNIFF! Oh and what's w the hand tremor
TOXIC SKIES-UR CHILDREN ARE BEING POISONED & IN GRAVE DANGER-BETTER  WAKE UP SOON https://youtu.be/dG9PsMPeaog  via @YouTube
We see thru you, Little Man. Setting up yr next debate loss as "rigged" due to And. Cooper & CNN. HYSTERICAL
CNN is over dishonest medias everywhere except for the fox conservative news to way more than great support of Mr.donald T!
