hey bbz come round. I'm here for you.

we believe in you
I take credit for that line.  You're welcome.
It's actually more frightening to think of you answering an important call than it is to consider your manic tweeting.
.@realDonaldTrump Why do you pander to those antisemitic deplorables? Is that how you deal with your lusty wrong feelings for Ivanka?
.@realDonaldTrump Or maybe it's that you simply have no values at all. That would explain why you pander to the lowest creepy deplorables.
thank you god emporer. I am glad you will be there for us. God bless Pepe my lord
so you won't mind if I tweet you at 3 in the morning?
...wired off your face on the finest Colombian marching powder

a true leader is 24/7 that's you
yes a true leader tweets about non existent sex tapes at 3 am ...
I've seen it, wait 30 seconds and I'll send it
it's from a reality show - equivalent of things that happen on MTV real world or big brother ... oh no!
honestly if it's even real - how does that take away from trump calling her ms piggy and ms housekeepn
> where is evidence trump called her that?...you just gonna take this girls word for it?
I wouldn't be bragging that you're up at 3 am watching sex tapes!
no, you'll be attacking some woman.
cocaine in yer brain
"There was an attack in New York again?  Let me finish a line and this mean tweet about fat chicks"
You just creepy and a dirty old man. I bet you were watching her tape .  Just nasty and with tiny ur hands.
YES!!!
was Hillary wearing a device near her lower back during the debate?
#Winning Thank you
We love you President, thank you for everything you do.
please don't answer the call that would be terrible
I suggest you get some sleep. You would probably make more sense talking in your sleep than when you are awake! #SheWon
awake, delusional, and irrational.
at 3am tweeting
# USA needs you! Please stop responding to HC comments! She is trapping you!Stay focused on the issues! She has no polices
did you really just tweet this? You are like a 12 year old
The call from your dealer?
cocaine has that effect on people! Up at all hours!
Speaking from experience ?
yup
I think the problem is you may accidentally cause WWIII at 3am based on the quality of your previous 3AM tweets.
I'm confused, your poll says it loses to cancer, not that it is cancer. I'm pretty sure it's an ideology, not a tumor, though


today would be a great day to release your taxes
you know every candidate ever has released them. It's a matter of showing there is no conflict of interest.
no one sold interest. Also what about Trump being very friendly with Putin. Wouldn't it be good to know he doesn't owe him $
.@realDonaldTrump DAMN! You just nailed @CNN @HillaryClinton @MSNBC @TheDemocrats BOOM! #MAGA BABY!
that coke keeping you up, buddy?
That’s so lame.
Mr. Trump, will Ivanka be FLOTUS?
no dummy. Daughter sitting on her dad's lap isn't a credible story. Try Bill raping women as a story.
Is this what keeps you up at night, @realDonaldTrump? Thinking of new & interesting ways to call women fat or ugly or sluts?
.@elizabethforma How does #Killary sleep after murdering men, women & CHILDREN in her criminal wars/regime changes?!
@YouTube how do u sleep? Bye!!!
I sleep very well, I don't vote for child-killing war criminal #Killary. @elizabethforma
but will vote for a child rapist. Get outta here with that 
>#GOEBBELSpropaganda. #Killary committed WAR CRIMES and ASSASSINATION and REGIME CHANGES @elizabethforma
@YouTube so waste ur vote Ms. activist.
I am not wasting my vote on a mass murderer. @elizabethforma  https://theintercept.com/2016/02/22/saudi-christmas-present/ … #STOParmingSaudi
that cocaine will make sure you're up, but won't make you useful! #dumpTrump #whineyLittleBitch cocaines a hell of a drug'
that's like saying "hey, at least I work out" when your workout is punching a beehive.
No, his main workout is gesturing while he talks. It's probably the most honest thing he's said all campaign...
And equally we know that you'll be stimulating the economy of Colombia w/ all the cocaine it'll take to be up @ 3am daily.
You have the nerve to call yourself a musician? Your YouTube vids have ZERO likes for a reason. 
Pro Tip: 
Tune your instrument 
Learn how to play your instrument.
We worry that if you heat that call! 10min. To Save America! What would "You" Do???
this is my feeling-- I already know what Hillary would do, and its not good. Proof is in the pudding
There are Problems on both sides. Would love to see a President act their "Age". Me! Not sure yet!
issues on both sides I agree..just more issues (disturbing) on Hillarys side (again, just my opinion)
Totally understand! I've never seen an election like this in my life!
none of us have seen anything like this..very unique
people want u2bu and when ur they say b somebody http://else.lol . But nothing wrong with constructive criticism
He is correct Joe. He looks to working his ass off to win this election, working at 3am instead of sleeping could mean diff btw life & death
for sure. He is up against a real machine that is solidly behind @HillaryClinton. His party shamefully not
@HillaryClinton IF he wins then he gets FULL credit.
it's going to come down to last week.
Like Ford he has the ppl behind him, those that are smart, principled and love their country.

They're used to presidents who sleep 15 hours a day so they aren't used to somebody who actually likes to work and isn't fake
Way to go!!!
BOOM
Sure, lazy #CadetBoneSpurs. 
Still better than the last one in that office. May the force be with you.
Respectfully, no. 

Obama was:

* Never under a criminal investigation.
* Never accused of multiple sexual assaults.
* Never referred to a group of neo Nazis as "very fine people".
* Never called colleagues and world leaders kindergarten playground fight names.

45 is worse. 
We can argue all day on who’s what or not.  Not in the mood now, fixing a large a/c cooling System. Maybe another day. Have a great day.
Nah, let's not argue and just hope for the best. Have a good one! 
Thanks
That is true! Also, take care of yourself and get your sleep. Thanks, for your hard work for our country!
And meet recently freed hostages as they come home.
You never tweet at 3 am, almost always after 6 am.  Just because you did something once doesn’t make it a reliable occurrence.
No rest for The Patriots amongst us. TY @realDonaldTrump for your sacrifice, and hard work.
HELLO TOOT TOOT CHUG BUILD THE WALL AND STOMP THE BUGS

We know. You will be sitting on your golden toilet tweeting insults to people
Go president Trump do not stop doing what are you doing, we the people are behind you! Make this pore country great again!
3 am, on the iPhone?? He was taking a dump 
Hillary's passed out drunk, and Obama to busy sending  $$ to our enemies at 3am. Neither of them had time to worry about Americans. It's a good feeling knowing @potus, is up watching our backs. Even the people that hate him.
Mic Drop!
Trumptastic
Why can't we deport these illegals?
Why can we bring home hostages but not build a Wall?
Amen! Thank you for being the best POTUS EVER!!!

I'm a 3:00 in the morning person myself. Y would anyone care what time you tweet?
If it's 3:00a.m. in you're part of the world, it's noon somewhere else..
Point is You're still Working!.
Thank you.  Now get some sleep before you have to do it again. #MAGA 
HELP HELP HELP .
Each year Children and Pet's die in Hot Cars. Help my friend who has the device that will put a end to this growing problem.
My guess is no hour in the day is exempt from your shameless ego inflation... Way to burn the midnight coal, Fautleroy...
Awesome President 24/7 Thanks for letting America sleep safely at night.
You’ll be eating Big Macs on the toilet when the call comes.#FatassMoron
Thank you. I sleep better knowing you’re there.
I was up for the news.  It was a great time for AMERICA.  I was never happier you are the president.  Keep up the great work..
Ask me how much I love this tweet? Love it....love it...Keep America Great....
Yes! And we are SO grateful, @POTUS! #MAGA 
So proud of what Trump has done  for Chicago Zero
He offered to send help and Rahm Emanuel said no.
When is the next election to get a new person in?!  I live in CA we have the worst @JerryBrownGov also. This is his 3rd term and it’s the limit. November we get a vote for a new Governor! 
2018 California election info:
they were only upset because their hate bots are not programmed to respond that early
It's more a sign of mental degradation, Mr. President. Your irritability, keeping odd hours, and paranoia are all indicative of dementia.
And if you didn’t tweet they’d say you’re out of touch with the American people.Keep on tweeting !

Gives me a deep appreciation for the concept of the #crycloset.... #convertAportapotty
Invest in #prefabcryclosets
When you think you are going to get press that will help your asinine campaign, you will be there, no doubt. Disgusting hypocritical bully. #FakePresident

What, from the hooker???
Awesome!  Thank you, President Trump!  
No other president would ever put in the hours you do, Mr. President! You work harder for our country than anyone else ever has! Thank you for #MAGA We love you!
God bless u sir and thank you
Commander and Chief and Greeter...
................DAAAAAMMMMMMMIT!!
Never a doubt in my mind you would be , god bless  #maga
Stay Strong Mr. President, your base is always praying for you.
Great tweet!!!
Amen!  Praying Every day & the Lord is shining light in the darkness & the cockroaches are being exposed & they hate it!
We love you President Trump! I’m an independent and I have never been prouder as an American. I am honored for all you do for the people of our nation. I truly believe you are the greatest President in U.S. History. Just changed to Republican to vote in midterms. God  Bless Sir
As promised.. Thank you @realDonaldTrump. Greatest president in American history.
What if your  dead  in  bed?


Thank you @POTUS. You are a blessing to America.
On your unsecured line?
It’s better to burn out than fade away.
You answering the call scares the shit out of most Americans, you are clearly a traitor who is controlled by Putin
The "Russian collusion" story was exposed as a "nothingburger" MONTHS ago.
Sorry but that is not true, Devin Nunes couldn’t find sand on a beach so his results don’t count
you'll be up at 3am giving us a link to Angela Merkel's sex tape after she insults your intellect
You're the best, Boss! 
Those of us who love you don't mind it at all!!!!!!  TWEET AWAY!!!!!
Keep upholding your oath. Defend constitution and rule of law deport all illegals DECA included push term limits all congress retire SS an Medicare like us. Fully repeal ACA an all reg govt mandates. Restore the republic
#Benghazi - never forget
Haha awesome and true!!!!
#ILOVEMYPRESIDENT!!!! #MAGA
Hell Yeah.  #MAFA  Making Americans Free Again #MTWSA  Making The World Safe Again
you can't answer the call with a tweet, That doesn't count as answering the call.
YOU ROCK!  You can tweet me at ANY time of the day!

PRESIDENT TRUMP ALL OF MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS STAYED UP ALMOST ALL NIGHT TO WATCH YOU AND FIRST LADY AND VICE PRESIDENT PENCE AND SECOND LADY AND MIIKE POMPEO SOS WELCOME NK HOSTAGES HOME. ALL OF US CRIED AND CHEERED! YOU ARE AMAZING POTUS!! 
Mine too!
The CIA's Colombian connections are still turning up the good stuff. Glad to hear it.
I think it's less about the late hour or the tweets. I think people are knocking the fact that you exist at all.
When Obama and Hilary got a call in the middle of the night concerning Benghazi, they didn't answer their phones...sad
Yes and I can think of no one better to pick up that phone. THANK YOU POTUS
Keep them distracted with your words and tweets, so you can continue to accomplish more than any other President, Brilliant 
Lol dumb logic
Rock on President Trump! 
Love you My President Trump....
Dragon energy. Got it!
The reference to the inactions of HRC to save our brothers is sad. But in regards to your sarcastic comment....keep it up President Trump! We’re with you 100%.
Nailed it!
HELL YEAH MR PRESIDENT!!
Lol
No one is forcing people to look at their smartphones at 3am.

You don't like hearing your phone go off at 3 in the morning? Put it on silent.

I trust a tweet from you 10 times more than any #FakeNewsMedia outlet. 

Never stop tweeting, Mr President @realDonaldTrump, sir.
Tweet all night, we love the liberal tears!!!!
I also know that sleep deprived people are incoherent, irritable and self centered, just like....Donald Trump
And you took the time out of your life to tweet this, what does that say about you.
Thank God!
For the photo op.

Face it folks....what has Trump done for any minority in America?

Suddenly, he's all over this to ensure you have a picture of him standing next to 3 minorities.

Makes me sick to my stomach.
And nothing scares me more.

Thank you sir!!
Thank God!!!

WE ARE ALL SAYING THIS AS THE FBI IS THE WORST THING TO HAPPEN TO AMERICANS WHO SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!!
Amen!!!!!!!  WE LOVE YOU
These major corporations are going 2 say they were coerced by the RUSSIAN MOB & had no choice but to comply.THAT ball goes directly back into YOUR court where u assume ALL the responsibility for the CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE US,OBSTRUCTION,BRIBERY,the list goes on.#HungOut2Dry
What would Hillary do?
Thank you President Trump. 
We couldn't be more proud of you! #MAGA
Thank you for all you do.  Lets keep winning.  The losers that complain just keep losing.
I love you @POTUS
Along with our beautiful @FLOTUS right by your side 
Amen! Love you, POTUS
Amen
Mr Trump please listen to this bright guy talking about you and next debate - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUfGRdafoSU …
Thank President Trump! You are more appreciated than you know!
Thank you Mr. President, for all you do, for all you have done, and all that you set out to do for us.
Hallelujah!
Right on Boss
You work very hard. Thank you for making America better.
amen! thank you!
Hell Yeah sir!!! Greatest Commander In Chief ever!
I'm sure you did not reach your level of wealth and current characteristical preparedness, sleeping 8 hours a night!
those haters hungrily wait for every word you tweet then pounce, regardless of the hour so tweet on Mr. President we love you ! Let us all celebrate as a nation in welcoming these 3 Americans and the freedom they finally have, the prayers answered by their loved ones 
#FatNixon will be awake at any hour to get his face on TV!
Good job!
President Trump you are the Best !!!

Indeed! #BenghaziAin'tGoingAway  
Deliriously tweeting nonsense
You were not alone we were all up.  In fact I set my alarm!  When things like this happen I want to feel apart of it.  Proud of and grateful for my President!
Haha Haha
We love you @POTUS
I was up too watching the fantastic news. Thanks, Mr. President.
Best President EVER!
Here’s someone American people can rely on! #MAGA #KAG
Next up on the Hit Parade;  "The Wall"
THANK GOD FOR THAT !!!!  THANKS FOR MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Wow, http://Mr.Best  President Ever, @realDonaldTrump Unlike the deranged liberals that haven't been right about you once, this tweet aged very well. The NK hostages will agree, I'm sure.

Hohoho! Lol GET 'EM! #Trump #TRUMP2020

We have NO doubt you will always be there when we need you! You are the best thing that happened to this country! 
Yes you will - thankful you are on top of everything!
Protectors never sleep, because evil comes in the night! #keepinussafe #bkuecollarlove
HAHAHAHA I didn't see this tweet the first time he wrote it. He's so petty he even went after the "few people" talking about how he tweets at random fuckin times. That's hilarious
Excellent Tweet Mr. President!!!

You're going to prison.
I pray for you and your family daily.  We are so proud of our dear President.  Keep up the great work!
Unless those bone spurs act up. Be strong Mr president
And FUTURE proves PAST.....
@realDonaldTrump
You DA MAN!!!!  #trumprules
And sober, to boot!
That’s right 
Ouch. That was a subtle jab to Clinton regarding Benghazi .
BEST PRESIDENT EVER
@WellsCharlene Unlike @HillaryClinton during Benghazi @us_navyseals @KrisParonto @seanhannity @marklevinshow @ASavageNation
That’s what we’re afraid of
He's talking about too Jr and Ivanka, Jared, Melania, Eric, and Lara. I suggest Tiffany and Vanessa stay as far back from you bunch or they'll be brought down as well. #AllComplicit #PutinsPuppets #TrumpCrimeFamily
Stop snorting call cocaine and maybe you will get some sleep.  Better get the Dr to check out your nasal septum. You do a very large amount of sniffing when speaking.  In fact I have taken care of someone who sniffs the same way.
Mr. President, you lied to us! You said you would be there to answer the phone at 3am! But, you actually were there in person, an hour early! Thank you, Mr. President, we love you! #MAGA #KAG
Thank You Mr. President, don't mind them they just can't stand all the Great Things you are doing form our Country. And they know what's coming so let them have their little hissy fits it will prepare them for when Sessions drops the Hammer
Why Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama belong in prison:
1. Fast & Furious
2. Weaponised IRS
3. Libya War
4. Warrantless Wiretaps
5. Solyndra
6. Recess Appointments
7. Obamacare
8. Uranium 1
9. email server
10. Charity scam
11. Obstruction
12. Treason
13. Sedition 

#LockThemUp
D**N STRAIGHT MR PRESIDENT! You keep hitting it out of the park!

God Bless!
Great job! Thank you President Trump.
God Bless You Sir! 
 The AmericanPeople appreciateall your tremendous efforts to make America Great Again As your work ethics are second to none; no wonder you have always been such a success 
And sober unlike some women who run for president.
