YES! Putin's puppet says go vote, Make America Russian.
I voted.  First time I voted a straight ballot.  All Republican thanks to you.
If you do not win this campaign... I would like to personally volunteer as your next Campaign Manager.

#TrumpCardWins
 Took my daughter for her first vote! #ElectionDay #TrumpPenceVictory2016 
Done.  Go Patriots of America!

Thank you, I voted Trump
on our way to vote
#Trump2016 #MAGA
I voted for. You hope you win by a landslide
I voted to make America Great Again
I voted!!! 
"Trump Train"
.@realDonaldTrump Would you exploit CHILDREN WITH AIDS for your own benefit and glory & not help? Donald Trump Did.
Lord Help Us! Praying for Trump! God Bless America Please!
Are you happy to get your twitter account back tonight? 
you to win
I hope you loose big,but  what are you going to do tomorrow ,make a new show,stay in politics,continu bad business? 
I VOTED TRUMP!!!! Trump is a better candidate than someone who lets thousands of American soldiers get killed! #TrumpPence
needs more dabbing
We voted for President Trump this morning!!
my vote is already in for you Donald good luck man
was so excited voted last Tuesday for you!! Bet your tired from yesterday. Quite the jet setter. Good luck and God bless.

Voted this morning Mr Trump  You have my vote.
Counted 21 Trump signs and 2 Clinton signs on our way to vote in Florida. #ElectionDay #
Bad pilot
 so true
really
DEMON SOUL
he will loose badly
your name says it all! -JFK
VOTE RIGHT UP TILL CLOSING WEST COAST. DO NOT BELIEVE ANY EXIT POLLING BY MAINSTREAM MEDIA. VOTE TRUMP ALL DAY LONG   VOTE
I voted for HRC!
I voted Trump. Make America great again!
proudly voted #TrumpPence2016
Whatever the outcome.. show dignity & keep your hateful rhetoric to yourself. WE ARE A GREAT NATION!!!
you are my precident
Simply: if you don't want Mexicans in your country, give back the part the US took from MEXICO. Or we'll fight for it.
And so why that territory belonged to Mexico? 
So basically that means we can have it again. Just be ready.
.@realDonaldTrump I wish that, in addition to taking away your Twitter privileges, your staff would teach you how to properly tie a tie.
ok I'll ask... what's wrong with his tie?

All that I can imagine at this point is a heartbroken Trump crying on the bathroom floor with mascara running down his face.
oh are you one of Hillary's baby killers? You sound pretty sadistic
@CelenaMariano2 @realDonaldTrump ,Good morning MrPresidente Trump.Together WE will make America Great than ever before
@CelenaMariano2 @realDonaldTrump I mean:"MrPresident"not MrPresidente",sorry misspelling

have what history???! Only wars and #CORRUPTION #CROOKEDHILLARY #CROOKEDOBAMA

liar
I
@realTrumpNews realDonaldTrump
Escroto!!!!
Love the initial still shot!
An example of the 
quality of work 
We The People will expect 
from the Present-(ECs)elect?!
You got fraudulent votes.
You're a terrible person
He's a racist, sexist, misogynist and a fascist
He's a born leader, and that's what we desperately need tight now. #leadustogreatness
good
I am on a mission to be your right hand man. To perceive the cosmic connection of those who talk to you.
pussy.
why are so many people automatically anti-Trump?
You won America 
I love it! Voted for you today  who was holding the phone? Beautiful Melania?
YESSSS PRESIDENT YOU WON THE ELECTION ITS AMAZING MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN GOD BLESS YOU AND GOD BLESS AMERICA.
congratulation from here. May you be my mentor ? I do appreciate your business strategy and would love to learn
Voted for Trump with so much excitement and gratitude!!! #ElectionNight
I'm disgusted


I was proud to cast my vote for you. Just wish I lived in PA
idiots can make money become wealthy but that doesn't make them useful to humanity
I wonder how many of these people are paid killery trolls we know exist 

oh.my. god. you're so ugly.
I know you are very busy man right now but please respond back to me
give me the chance to prove that I'm a great leader we do custom painting we make walls look like marble please
I want to be able to paint some of your buildings I'm a professional I'm good I'm a leader please give me the opportunity
mr. President it's guys like me and my brothers on a small business to get up at 6 o'clock in the morning and voted for you
azul le va bien :::
yes you can do it. God will help you.
I know you are! Go get "em!
let's see it more and more great
When were we not great? Only idiots follow you dude.
lovely qoatation...
You sure are President @realDonaldTrump !!! 

"I promise" had been said from many past presidents.
Are you sure about that
One photo of you with no flag flanking, but your lapel flag pin virtually glows with your enthusiasm for U.S.
not for a molester
Thank You President Trump!  Congratulations on your win!
The promise honest, Ovaakm clear Covenant of your eyes, and your heart will net such as milk, God bless you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmyRl0CLLwE …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14zx5rg3tNk …
大美兴川普王
look at my past tweets I knew you would win I'm a single dad of 4 I need your help Evan Hagan 5625 escapardo way 80817 job
i want to punch you in the face.

is the chosen one
please keep your promise if they're here illegally they need to go back home our kids don't get the benefit illegals get
So happy with the results of this election.  Restores my faith in America.
don't forget your promises, of bringing jobs back to America
Thank You President Trump! Remember: "BE GOOD TO YOURSELF & SOMEONE ELSE TODAY" Pat Young
iam sure  we can  do it  together  Mr Trump  go  ahead  God  with  you  sweet  heart  man of peace
with you will be future America you to good and I know you will do great job
Don't make promises you can't keep.
@seanhannity  I am praying
Madelyn is still alive! Tied up with Podesta #ElectionDay https://twitter.com/realdemocracy16/status/796013543120371712 …
YOU look an over sized lizard....
your a liar saying is rigged. You are the one who got Hilary investigated on emails.
congratulations President Trump! We the people have spoken!
wah wah. They were all voting against me in Nevada. Let's sue.  Your pathetic

Dear Mr Trump...if Crooked Hillary DOES win, please stay in there and help us as best you can to fight her awful policies
yes Donald
all ready did Go Trump !!
wesh
Your a good man.  I have faith in you
America is already great!
America was never great.
#Election2016 funny how they booed and heckled you in New York! @maddow @hardball @Lawrence
Are you with Nokia 3310 @realDonaldTrump ??? #ElectionDay @welikechopin
You winning has to be an act of God, You saved us from the horror of Hillary in the White House.
:-! .ca :'('s
Listen, Trump. And you do what you promised here in the present! Great idea!
Thank You, Mr. President, for the promises and God bless you and your lovely family.
people are dum who voted for you #trumpsucks #notmypresident
would you please make it at all if anyone desecrate the American flag they should have to face a fine and imprisonment
We got everyone jazzed up about getting you in & we did it! please don't falter because of their harshness. You look great!
Gente que hace mi estadía patética en Argentina y en lo personal faraón espera la FRAGATA LIBERTAD COORDENADA PARAGUAY.
Si Señor presidente faraón sintió en Argentina que de Paraguay lo llaman gente que tiene dólares robados
Go Trump Go!
Go Trump Go!
Hey America, what do you say?
Trump is the president of the united states woooooooooo
escribiste Joder usted perra :uuu
America already is great. You've created ecen a greater divided.  (insight by http://commun.it )
Can i get a link to talk. mvinkenberg@yahoo.com
can I get a follow
I'm with you Mr Trump
@seanhannity does the doosh get just one more BJ before he heads off to angry-land?
no
THANK YOU MR TRUMP FOR CHOOSING BOLDNESS OVER WEAKNESS, YOU FOUGHT HARD IN THE MIDDLE OF GREAT HATES AND YOU WON.
La campagna Elettorale Più Schifosa è da vomito che io abbia mai visto, "Siete uno schifo unico!!!
or not.
buffoon
we are winning great great I'm so happy. Yeah

@bryanmendez123 
Thank you for an outstanding job. God bless you and your family. Thank you
headass
first time voter in nj u have my vote
@realDonaldTrump we voted for ya today plus we had our mayoral race as well
ترامب سوف يحرب الارهاراب الحقيقي .واصلاح ماتم تدمير من اوباما وحزبه وتشويه الديمقرطيه  ونشرالارهاب في العالم  والدمر
we are like your children how are you going to take care of us
x
so sick of hearing "make America great again"..America is and always will be great. We have our problems but we are great
I voted for Hillary, my butt is hurting so bad now Trump, believe me, Its Huge, my butt hole is huge.
you have my vote trump
On the planet harmony planned: two presidents, two 
a "real man" in Russia and the USA!
eewwwww
AMEN YES WE WILL. A NATION THAT PRAYS TOGETHER, STAYS TOGETHER.
Hope you make America's civil servants "ACCOUNTABLE" again, esp those who tamper & forge evidence
glad to be able to get out to vote!
Your promises are all lies.
oyumu trump averirdim düşmanın da dürüstü gerekli
#TrumpPresident #LoveTrump Bir türk vatandaşı olarak he ne kara müslüman düşmanı olsa bile, bir amerikalı olsaydım
