A lot of people are having regrets.Cant believe sane people would vote for this liar.
Pence thinks you can cure gay people.Doesnt believe in evolution.The guy is so stupid.
how much did you make by running your campaign?  Paying your companies with campaign cash?  Brilliant!
Hey, where is your Orange Hair, LOL  Job already making you go white

I said this to a liberal friend before the election. She laughed at me.  She's not laughing now.
I just block those type of people.
I did.. people like that don't realize their language & crude-ness shows a lack of intelligence
Ah! You just described Trump! His deplorable acts & words magnify his stupidity.
beat it troll!
#recount2016 #Trumpgrets #TrumpleThinSkin #TrumpFraud #StillWithHer #ElectoralCollege

Making the WHITE HOUSE Classy AGAIN
dont do it dude!
Don't tell me what to do dude ..and don't call me "DUDE" ...it's imbeciles like you that have condemned america
SAD. I LIKE MICHELLE OBAMA. DON'T COMPARE HER TO MELANIA. SHE'S BEYOND HER REACH.
Melania doesn't even compare to michelle's class and grace,i have no respect for bigot toleranting gold diggers
WHAT EVER YOU DO. WE ALL KNOW WHO THE WINNER IS. AND I'M NO RACIST.
sweetie, little secret. if u voted 4 trump u lumped yourself in with kkk, supremacists & alt right, just as bad
any chance you'll be coming back to Connecticut?
We're enjoying your Thank You Rally's! Your such a gracious PEOTUS and we your voters appreciate your thoughtfulness! 
How the hell has a thin-skinned vindictive tyrant ended up in control of 325 million people in America?
he lied.  See hes already backing away from campaign promises.  He is an idiot.
Hes lied his who life.
Hillary doesn't lie though, haha go cry somewhere
he a lier its proven
His fact checks are.constantly wrong
Boo hoo for trump
boo hoo for you loser. He is YOUR pres. Ha ha, boo hoo. Go cry loser. Keep crying lol
nobody is crying.
We know what the next 4 years going to be. Nothing but tweets and lies.
good thing we didn't get the truth with Hillary. She is so truthful and honest. Wake up!

Please come to Baltimore.
We support you fifty states unconditionally...
You know, you are PE! You aren't a rock star! Better get serious & get urself up to speed. Drop the apprentice crap!
all by fucking going around to the lowest common denominator American and just talking out our asses.
You think you and the liberals are the elite and the trump supporters are the lowest common denominators?
Yes, sir!
@realDonaldTrump  Enough w/Aplause ... Read & Learn RE: World Affairs, History, Constitution & Security Briefings -
another sad, sad, empty arena #ACOTUS
#recount2016 #AuditTheVote #notmypresident #Trumpgrets #TrumpleThinSkin #TrumpFraud #StillWithHer #ElectoralCollege
how about you stop doing victory tours and you start taking daily intelligence briefings?
Anyone doubting Trump's popularity should go to one of these events. Hillary wishes she had such support.
Doesn't mean what's being said there is always right but it does show he drew in more passionate supporters than Hillary.
he has more passionate supporters but not more compassionate supporters. Sadly the passion is about hate.
oh look, your masturbation schedule.

grêmio campeão
you have nothing better to do?
Who cares...delete your account.
no one but deplorable racists are coming.
Mark you sir are a racist.
Donald Trump will break the Democratic chains of slavery! Let us rise up together and leave the Democrat plantation!
He'll even grab your pussy
& grab u by the throat traitor!
Why am I a traitor? Do tell
Bill Clinton is not on trial here, although I think he is a scumbag
As a Marine...I 2nd that motion!

don't forget the 3,000,000 more of us who didn't want you we wanted Hillary Clinton
for how long are the carrier jobs saved? Is it just until we stop noticing or is it a 10 year guarantee?
America is already great AssHat!
@realDonaldTrump next rebuplicans will leave your side, leaving you with nothing but uneducated conservatives...
will there be popcorn and sock puppets? Or just Russian puppets?
the only thing that was rigged is your hair piece.
IS

A

FRAUD!!

#notmypresident 
#NOTAMANDATE
#nevertrump 
#dumptrump 
#strongertogether 
#NoDAPL

4. @realDonaldTrump Speaking of health a new surge of drug addiction is knocking down the population & causing them to eat people.
We love you Donald Trump and we will stand by you even in 2020! #DemocratsForTrump
Trump picks another Goldman Sachs exec to join his cabinet. He's filling swamp not draining it!
POLITICS Gingrich Just Admitted Trump Only Vowed To “Drain The Swamp” To Fool Voters
#recount2016 #Trumpgrets #TrumpleThinSkin #TrumpFraud #StillWithHer #ElectoralCollege

Boycott trumps inauguration day

.
I mean, holy shit, why the fuck didn't Obama do the same thing? We could have lowered unemployment to the lowest in 9 years

PEOTUS and Menania are a joke #CyberbullyTrump

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wW-4LU79qbU … Extra Big Ass Fries!
NARCISSIST
tell me who is not a narcissistic!
there's a difference. He is a narcissist, look it up.
stay the hell out of MI. We don't want you polluting our Great Lakes!
I love Michigan.  My Scottish family immigrated there in the late 1800's.  Don't taint this beautiful state.
amen to that
join me in hell daddy
Your pathetic need to be worshipped is equaled only by your inability to accept criticism and rejection.
You're apparently also pro-blank-avatars.  Does a blank avatar reflect a near zero encephalization quotient?
Goodbye, troll.
Lets bring this country back to greatness!
we're deporting Trumplethinskin?
Do something about UN. Throw them out of US  save Israel
 your tours!
Merry Christmas President Donald Trump
its nice to know that a teenage boy can see the first lady in the buff more then the next president has just with Google

a real leader would thank the people by doing the job, not by stroking their own ego. Get a life.
I wouldnt join you if you were holding your rally on my front lawn! #notmypresident
I would, but just to whoop his old ass for trespassing
u need to kick out the u.n. there no good nd we dont need them in our country
wants Americans to die with the repeal of Obamacare.  Maybe if 100,000 die he will be happy  #killameicansfortrump

Dude you won you can stop campeigning now
you think you can maybe get to work?
He's not president yet dummy
Silly me
bc letting people even more racist, homophobic, misogynistic, or small minded run this country can only be a good thing
I'd quite honestly rather die
Me too. I'd have to shoot myself if I had to tolerate one minute of that rally.
So "draining the swamp" means hiring climate change deniers, fellow billionaires & corporate heads?!  #Conman
..trump your awesome drain the swamp just as you promised!! The adults have taken over now
Wasn't Newt in the swamp, or just a swamp monster? Same with Priebus, Haley, Price, Sessions...
will you address the death threats??
and feed your bullshit ego ? No fucking way. #Notmypresident #horriblerolemodel #RESIST

If I wanted to watch a wrinkled old mouthpiece on tour id buy Cher tickets.
For that, the wall just got 10 feet higher.
is that your only response? Typical Trumpkin
I think he was joking ;)
Kaboom, thank you for defending me, but I wasn't. I was being arrogant toward you.
Oh ok. Well I dont fight with kids or retarded people so i'll just ignore you ;)
But why are you so mad?
who says im mad?
Having trouble getting rubes to come see you at your latest rendition of the Nuremberg Rally tour? Approval rating is 40%.
You're a sorry little man with scrawny little hands Donny. Screw you and your rallies.
Never in a million years will I "join you" Selling tickets to see the PEOTUS? You are dangerously mentally unstable
another empty stadium. 3 million less votes than Clinton. Sad
Do you ever sleep?? Thank you for taking this job seriously! #MAGA
You need to Twitter your friend, Putin, and tell him to stop committing war crimes in Syria. Or, are you not bothered by it
Is your wife going to be there?
I hope your paying for these Thank you rallies! Tax payers have bigger concerns!
Shouldn't you be learning how to be president? Or is Pence the REAL president and you are the flunky .
blah blah blah look at me blah blah blah
ASS HOLE WARDSHOULD BE GIVEN TO YOU IN LA
Tickets? Ha! You pay ME and I'll show up to listen to you. Otherwise, go pound sand.
You are ruining America.
the campaign is over
poor Baton Rouge I no they voted trump why I have no clue  but do they still need to sit and adore the elected one  ugh
You CAN be a part of change. Focus strengths towards pressuring The House of Reps. Let's get this #impeachment started!
No.
WHAT HAPPENEN TO RUDY HE WAS YOUR CHEERING SQUAD, PUT HIM TO WORK S.O.S HE DESERVES IT. MIKE HUCKABEE
AMB TO ISRAEL NO ROMN
#trumpgrets

Assange SAID the Girl he raped wanted it. A rapist helped another RAPIST get Elected President - Oh the Irony
Mr. Trump I'm watching you right now you make me laugh you make me proud we are both from Queens and we're both very patriotic go get em
Try attempting to Govern instead of grandstand
He inspires people to not give up! He has a great love for country and love for all people, even for the haters!
When you are finished congratulating yourself and playing to your base, think about real unity efforts.
loyalty matters... Rudy please..for the country
#liar #putinpuppet #russiasprez #notmypresident Why does Russia want you in officeTell us the truth https://youtu.be/DG9qcdvAUxM 
more money down the drain as trump avoids work. Safety of our nation at risk as trump refusing Intel briefings.
still no texas. Thanks trump.
quit touring and do your job and go to security briefings. USA is a reality TV show.
I don't associate with con artist, sexual predators, racist, cowards & liars! #DontheCon #dumptrump2016 #TrumpLies
come to Illinois and debate, punk.
don't you have anything better to do?  Like learn how this county works?
get your priorities straight - go to intelligence briefing and you might learn something!
Haven't you fed your ego yet? Is it insatiable?
No. Fuck you.
I've heard Rumors that there is a lot of Fresh Pussy to grab at the Trump Fascist Rally's.
Donny you coming over to the Brechin Tranny Fest again this year ?
am too far away...  Manila, Phil....
#PutinsPuppet farewell tour. Grab the baby's and kiss the pussy, sorry forget Trump it's the other way around. #notpopular
bring back BIONICLE it is important and right
#trumptranslator I'm making a list, gonna reward who was nice ... Better watch out, I'm taking over your town
oh Donny Pendejo you are a pendejo liar
May he rest in peace!
Tu mamá en tanga de guerra
you want to make America Great?  Take Pence and resign.  Never to be heard from again.
I think romney is his choice for sec of state
If he appoints Romney, that will be one of the few sane things DT has done lately.
https://www.yahoo.com/news/hillary-clinton-gets-more-votes-150522324.html?.tsrc=fauxdal …
http://bipartisanreport.com/2016/11/09/breaking-aclu-announces-massive-legal-action-against-donald-trump-buckle-up/ …  ur 
all these millionaires trump appointing made money off greed and paying min wage.  WAKE UP # Trump
thank-you for coming to Michigan Mr trump. Keep up the good work.
substitute for a president.
Surrounding yourself with hustled stooges who sing your praises so you can protect your egg-shell of an ego. #trumpregrets
No, thank you.
Baby Biff continues his 'don't turn on me' tour
What about this, Donald? http://www.newsweek.com/trump-transition-white-nationalist-groups-poll-linda-mcmahon-andrew-puzder-529730?utm_content=buffer28cb6&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer …
Hey, maybe while you're here in Louisiana, you can visit an ACTUAL swamp. I'm sure you'll fit right in with the gators.
keep up the great job your doing. Make America great again. Thank you
is a loser
So excited the future is going to be better than the 80s.  Thank you President Trump.
trump liberals lost make us money liberals are elitist forget your poor rust belt followers automation lol. suckers
WEAKEST President Elect rating in America's history - Trumps ego must be really hurting, Ouch!

 #recount2016 #Trumpgrets

off to the circus again you live to hear them chant your name. Your an embarrassing
You are blowing my mind! You are charging people to say thank you?!! WTF Trump, this is embarrassing to Americans.
@mitchellvii when you coming back to Tampa??

Whaaaa? Election is over. You have a LOT of READING to do. Really oughta stop with this traveling reality show. #Get2Work
Fewer rallies, more security briefings.
China's yunnan province government established FanYa. For five years. $6.5 billion fraud people https://twitter.com/Minyan66/status/763224640940539904/photo/1pic.twitter.com/jNKQjxBIFB 
Why don't u do your damn job, Instead of running all over the USA on tax payers dime, we pay taxes unlike u, You are fired
Love to make it .I'm in Southeast Texas  not a long drire at all
Florida please
WE LOVE YOU !! CAN YOU SAVE EDWARD SNOWDEN? HE IS ANOTHER PERSON i ADMIRE AND RESPECT. THANK YOU FOR GIVING US HOPE AGAIN.
Hillary is started  her revenge panning,you should never let the criminal off the hookThe Roenbergs were executed for less

I can't wait until you're impeached.
I really wish you would use this time to study up on the important job you're about to undertake.This is incredibly selfish

why?
America rejected you. We will always reject you.
has anyone noticed that his link keeps changing but he's still asking for more money.  Sorry, not from me.
Wish I could be there!  I'd love to attend!
Naw. I don't think so. I have to pull my fingernails out and put needles in my eyes. Thanks for asking, though!
some say he's a legend others a myth the Right say he's a child molesting Satan worshiper Make The Oval Office great again!
You doing President-Elect things between tour stops? Or...just flaunting the title?
Mr. Trump you do realize that you do not rule America as Pres elect r as Pres of the USA it is about the people not YOU!!!!
with the same passion and fervor you have used to attack Rosie O'Donnell!!! Failure to do so makes one look like a raicist

Hire John DeCamp to help DRAIN THE SWAMP
my hometown
@KellyAnneConway  We love it!!!!   Buy American ~~ Hire American!!!  FOR A CHANGE!!!
Are you providing the white robes?

wish I could be there in Michigan Mr trump. Keep up the good work.
How $ much are you making off these appearances?
I am thankful that #PEOTUS Donald Trump does not live in a land of make-believe
no thanks
are you going to return to San Diego?
envious-- get great pictures.
You won in more ways than one.
Pray, I know God has told U the best 4 Sec of St, Be still & listen, his voice is strong 2U or don't U like his choice
I Thank You, Mr President-elect. You've already made me proud with what I heard you say about China.No more "made in China"
