Congrats to my running mate @realdonaldtrump on a great debate! We will Make America Great Again!
makes George W. Bush look like a Rhodes Scholar. How embarrassing. Smh #debatenight
If by crushed you mean destroyed. He didn't come close to winning or even answering a question
Apparently they are...
Oh ya because that's what we want. Nobody wants your guns unless you're on the terrorist watch list and you seem worried
He was Pittsburg and Hillary was Philadelphia
please don't ever disrespect the Eagles like that.. Dear Lord..
Actually that's more of an insult to Sec. #Clinton
lol whatever you say.
I'm a Cowboys fan lol
So you're saying @realDonaldTrump, gives great blow jobs and will blow every American?
hahaha luv it!!! Front pg of the NY Post says it all
That's his logic lol
you LOST BIGLY! UNFIT!
.   BIGLY??  .  Why are Hillary supporters so ignorant ?
 BIGLY, that's Trumps word. He used it twice tonight and throughout his campaign! Ignorant right?
never heard him say BIGLY.   Huge, yes. It is ignorant...to continue using it.
maybe if you'd actually listen to his words you hear that and all the other dumb things he says.
Tim Kaine looked like one of those evil clowns terrorizing our kids.
Tim Kaine looks like one of those evil clowns that have been terrorizing our kids.
Pence is gonna fail big time with Kaine.   Kaine is,  by far smarter than Jesus Mike.
Hate to burst your bubble Donald but making America great and safe again won't be with you as President!!!
e
what were you smoking to think that?
Ugh. @mike_pence is the worst. You should see all the Pence Must Go signs around IN. Dumb choice, Trumpster.
Not if you can't reign him in. Too bad. I would like to vote for you.
☆PERHAPS TWO PRESIDENTS: DONALD CAN BE PRESIDENT OF THE OLD AMERICA & I CAN BE PRESIDENT OF THE NEW AMERICA ☆G☆

 You Crushed it tonight! #debatenight #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
agreed, he crushed his chances...
let's do it boys. Time for the home stretch
#AlDavismentality all we do is win let's go
You Lost! #debatenight
that wasn't a "debate" it was a complete joke...
@seanhannity @foxandfriends TK Hypocrisy
you are not Making America safe, you are putting us at risk. Your logic is flawed.
Tim Kaine looked like one of those evil clowns terrorizing our kids.

except for those who's parents are related
Is a Direct Threat 2 Life, Liberty & the Pursuit of Happiness *He Will Poison the Progress of Mentaly Ill People Everywhere
Thats why I am calling 911 soon!
but all of your clothing is not made in America. So what are you going to do about that ? #ImWithHer
you have stuck yourself to a REAL criminal, U should run not walk 2 the nearest door before U go down with him.
a great flop for dummy DONALD
PENCE TELL YOUR LITERAL PARTNER IN CRIME TO RELEASE HIS TAX RETURNS
How many times does trump say believe me in 1sentence shouldn't we be Nervous when someone says believe me
No you won't lying to us & mistreating woman on national TV your behavior was Atrocious I'm Tully ashamed
Hillary -30 million from the Saudi, biggest Jihad sponsor, feeds emails  to her first Muslim assistant
http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2015/10/14/hillary-clinton-views-the-nra-and-republicans-as-enemies/ …
Donnie can't you tell when Mikey's is being factious?
This is policing. Community engagement. #GoodCops
https://apple.news/AVzZi6HnSSmCtTh-z86O3hA …
LOL you are delusional! get off that unreal world
empty words from two empty suits. #ImWithHer
Does this mean you're pulling out of the race Donald? Congrats bud!
two evil men both of you should be locked up traitors

@RoseVittiglio @mike_pence We are so proud you will be President!
President Hillary Rodham Clinton
What DEBATE were you GENIUSES WATCHING...?? Trump made a COMPLETE FOOL of himself...
Catholics around the world are praying a 54 day novena for you Donald. With God all things are possible.
You are so lame! The Donald was Deplorable!

I am making America safe by voting against Orange Hitler.
My God Bless You, by God's you will win, it is by God' Will you will win. Hillary is out, time for real change
hell no hillary WILL win

stay on point and stop taking the bait, time to start boxing,
killary lies so much, she is so hypocrites
on day one of your presidency.

Yeah, let's punch protesters in the face and gun down Hillary Clinton.

http://www.snopes.com/2016/06/23/donald-trump-rape-lawsuit/ … links to NY FED Ct #childrapetrump affidavits+sworn testimony #whereisMaria was 12  RT
HILLARY WAS BEING PETTY..LESTER HOLT CHEATED..TRUMP AND PENCE HAVE MY WHOLE FAMILY'S VOTE...
If you want an impartial assessment:  BBC News - US election: Who won the first debate? http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-37481070 …
nmml mmg
was it safe when the kkk destroyed Black Wall Street Community in Oklahoma
we had more crimes with DA kkk now they sending them to police academy court houses and white house.
@rlockrocks
America was ALREADY GREAT, and then you entered the picture and that went down the toilet.
So basically @realDonaldTrump is going to move off planet.
liars
Pence could not make Indiana great, politics almost ruined business in the Hoosier state.
can the police stop and frisk your daughter?
you know Pence is your cleaner when your mouth gets you into trouble!! Miss Piggy/Housekeeping you jerk!
America is PROUD of Both of you fine men! Kick their asses, they talk about the same 30 year old crap!
Two crazies who will vote for each other!
Donald Trump people are saying that you were on drugs last night what's up with that 20
You are both a joke.
how do you feel today after your getting your ass kicked last night in the debate
income taxes liar
Safety starts with keeping crazy people away from nukes. You.
@DCBuffkin @mike_pence where are the Trump shirts and ties made?
Amen
The most hated man in Indiana backs up the most hated man in the world. That's the only title you'll get.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA FOOLS TRYING TO MANIPULATE THEIR VOTERS INTO THINKING TRUMP WON
we must DEMAND law and order on our streets and PROTECT THE INNOCENT VICTIMS FROM CRIME , and "retrain" thugs !
Taking guns away from criminals is a good idea , BUT we also have to change BEHAVIOR from a criminal mindset
it is time to hold PEOPLE to some level of responsibility TO society , as much as any cop ... BEHAVIOR MATTERS
hammer home the fact that CRIMINALS and TROUBLEMAKERS need to be "re-trained" a whole lot more than the cops !!
lmao whatcha smoking (or snorting) I want some!
pence now becomes a lying ted
MIKE PENCE YOUR AWESOME!!!!!!!
.@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence Man, you are actually bragging about your running mate thinking you did well. #AlternateReality #LittleDonnie
I'm sure you will
I am surprised Pence hasn't blown his brains out yet
trump gets the endorsement of John "love to fly on other peoples money" Sununu.   How telling!
Dismal performance at the debate last night. Running mate @mike_pence sending congrats for failing?
you both are crazy!!
I love you both. 2 WINNERS!!
Who is Mike Penice and who had a debate?
HAHAHAHAHA he sucked...I think he was high, sniffling, incoherent,jittery, spastic he snorted something
embarrassing
he looked like an old lunatic Hillary chewed him up u blind fools
a disgraceful performance. Filled with hate and venom. So sad. GOP had a great chance to win.....Trump blew it
#TrumpWon
great debate? What were you watching?
saying Mic didn't work  Don the CON your Mic worked well,we heard your suspicious sniffing, deep sighs Mic worked just fine
Don't think so! LOSERS!
wht kind of magic are goin do fr American? I thnk U better focus of your business & leave politics  #voteClinton

It's a love fest! Go Guys!
Of course  you have to kiss that ass,no other choice
you go guys
Donald, I think u did fine last night. Hilary's smile was so fake. U looked handsome
He's being lambasted everywhere I look.
YOU ARE BOTH OUT OF YOUR MINDS!! DRUMPF HAS PROVEN HE'S A LOSER!!
are you crazy. He totally lost that debate with his snivelling and nervously drinking water.
Gov. Pence will mop the debate stage w/Kaine.
Donald you almost pulled off a Mitt Romney LAY DOWN!! Do NOT answer TaxQ's!! You did that!!Do not respond to BS
Make it a great one Trump.  Hillary has nothing for this country.  She has already been president once after bill cheated.
America is GREAT if you dint think so get out!!!
@Chacowaco1 @mike_pence what will you do about raising SS so seniors are able to LIVE and pay bills, groceries, etc?!!!!!!?
U have to hit her hard in next debate. Put her on the defensive. 4get Chesea, Hillary didn't care about Ivanka!

are yiu all drinking the  kool-aid
lets get to work https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appbuilder.u977153p1631541 …
No you said your family first. The America first rant means nothing. We know how you really think now.
Nigeria is not working #DivideNigeria to save lives #Arewa #Biafra #Oduduwa 
,,,, #TrumpWon
You make America laugh again with that debate.
you embarrassed yourself not just nationally but internationally.  If I were you, I'd try to cancel the rest.
gee, Mike, doesn't it make you feel a little sleazy to be propping this charlatan up?
your whole not prepping showed how unprepared you are for the presidency. #NeverTrump
Yep! Time to give Donnie full credit (since he can't get any at the bank)  What does he deserve? #RumpHumpTrump
#DelusionalDonald

I'm so happy for you this is the first time I have ever felt happy and honored for u to be my president
we are behind you 100%! We know you will make America great again!
as a supporter I was spool disappointed. Clinton so much better prepared and composed.  Shame on you...
Go Trump/Pence. Go Indiana. Make America great and safe again.
no u won't
totally delusional!!!
the best candidate for VicePresident,he will bring years in politics and great plan to Make America Great Again
Then when you're asked about cyber security, make sure to tie it's worst offender (HRC) to it.
let's Make America Happy And Smiling Again, happiness and health is that's what Americans need, God Bless US
America is and remains the only Supernation
Mr Trump will make America Great Again!!#45
yes DJT showed that he is for our country HRC is for a Global Society
Mike has drank the Kool Aid. Poor Mike. He will need a job in January. Any openings for him?
@tweets1959 @mike_pence Too much on Defense, blow,r off, need more Offense, don't keep fumble,n, throw more. #TrumpPence16
Pence couldn't even agree with him on important issues ...and he was nominated VP?
President Trump, you did a great job last night
Lololol
have crushed that disgusting shrew with all her lies and corruption
President Trump you should have crushed her more than you did. She has told so many lies. She got off easy you could
I want trump to hit Hillary more where it hurts Benghazi email nafta .. Trump was being nice to her ...
Puhleeze do. 9 investigations, 9 reports AND NOT ONE condemned her for wrongdoing at Benghazi.
pls get a note to Pence  please put down the crack pipe, DT took the bait and look like a fool @HillaryClinton
R u posting from a bubble, Mike?
