nice but......
This should be considered. Peaceful protest is fine. Burning, looting & violence is not.
!st We R Legions! not some small group!
+ We Will Never B Proud 
of being represented by HATE!
Always/Peaceful Never?Sheep
.@realDonaldTrump will you please publicly denounce the hate crimes being carried out in your name? People are afraid. People are hurting.
Yeah, just "small groups" of people protesting your Russian coup. #NotMyPresident 
I'm loosing money in btc, the price falls, i all ready losing 500k in USD,STOP the protests, using the NYPD police, use gas
LOL "Small group"? More people protested than voted for you. @realDonaldTrump
Small group of americans protesting? How about millions all across the world And millions here at home. Fact!: we outnumbeted you. 
.
I think his approval ratings are going down down down!!
More numbers he will lie about to satisfy his ego
most didnt even vote..
I have some Facebook friends who constantly complain about Trump, but didn't vote because they "live in a Red state" lol
we the people do not want you. We deserve better than you. #notmypresident #austin #protest – at S. 1st Street Bridge
agitators are paid for by 
@vk2fh @SharonUren
But this is what happens when you drop civics from the mandatory curriculum and give out participation awards to everyone.
how are you doing thank for your hard work
No, @realDonaldTrump! We demand your tax returns. We demand total #Divestiture of business interests & a real #BlindTrust. #ComplyOrResign
棒棒哒
We will all come together to impeach U. Millions R not going 2 stop until it happens.Kinda like birther don #notmypresident
@TammieW76139285 your humility and grace in face of these deplorable "protests" is an inspiration to us all
NO I will not come together either.
Peaceful protests: Fine, legal, passion, great! Rioters: Not fine, illegal, passion (psycho) mob, not great!
Our love for democracy outnumbers your hate and lies Mr.Trump-Not my president!
love you so much!! I supported you the whole way!! I believe in you #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
please just prove them all wrong...talk the talk and walk that walk!!
Mr President. .. please ask ALL of these protestor to PLEASE show us their voter registration cards.  Bet 65% didn't vote
not small, donnie, unlike that old, flaccid dick
large groups asshole fu
U know @realDonaldTrump I could believe half of the things u say—could want 2, if, only u hadn't said the other half. It'll never reconcile.
"Small" @trumpophobic
crazy mann
i Think you are the Best for the World .
Small groups, like the 25,000 who marched on your hideous building today? Remember, well over half the voters hate you.
- "Small" groups? LA, NYC, Chicago - ALL over 10,000 daily. What a phony you are! #NotMyPresident
They have just been mislead by the enemy and need alot of prayer. The media have let down our young they have been deceived
GUARANTEED not one of these protesters voted, they're all paid by SOROS
a sign up threatning your wife.americas new first lady .sue soros for all his money
all you people saying "we trumped the vote" are beyond stupid. He didn't win the popular vote!!! Get your facts straight
you show class and #integrity
Wir fangen auch bald in Deutschland gegen Merkel an zu Demonstrieren wir hoffen das Sie uns unterstützen Gott segne Sie
agitators misinformed & agitated by 
NO, They are whiny,sniffling little snots,who feel entitled.When they dont get their way, theywhine & cry.They must grow up
rise up, fight! It's Rigged! said U.
A good riot will tire anyone out? Amirite? Let's sleep pops. @realDonaldTrump
in my eyes I wish we had someone like you that wants to do what you want to do for your country. Legend
-CBS AND ALL GLOBALIST MEDIA ARE (WOLVES IN SHEEPS CLOTHES!)PLS DONT GET OFF TRACK!AMERICA STANDS BEHIND YOU!DC IS EVIL!
.@realDonaldTrump Small group? Ha! Try thousands & thousands nationwide. & we'll never B proud of U. U R a monster & bring shame on America
die werden dir in den Hintern treten
I would be the leader of that protesting group.
lightweight sissy odonnel from MSNBC is one of the most biased stooges Ive ever seen in my life.Nothing he says hurts Trump
when you won America won so proud of our country for electing change over corruption no doubt America will be great again
trully sir, we will
ever thing has time, every one's time to manifest there destiny, it's trump's time 
Let roll with him
PEOPLE JUST DON'T KNOW NOR UNDERSTAND YOU..IM LOOKING FORWARD TO AN AWESOME 4. YEARS AHEAD AND @MILANIATRUMP 
Thank you @1CoCoChampagne It will be an awesome 4 yrs. Can you say pyrotechs & go-go dancers at the State of the Union address? You will.
Love To See People At Your Level Do Reply...All The Best
Oh, I reply @krunalsdoshi But my condescending 2 reply 2 the proletarian masses like yourself means you'll have 2 help me move when I ask.
'Proletarian' not a nice word to use for me, you can use it for Pakiss, atleast don't use it for me or any Indian
no one will ever be proud of you as President of this great country. You are a worldwide joke #NotmyPresident
.@realDonaldTrump Umm. Protest stretched for miles today in LA. All over country. Small groups? think not.
@theblacks4Trump Yes, let's all unite together and welcome our New POTUS! We can unite our divided and faltering country!
Cheater!
good
I am a Vietnam vet disable. You are the only president I ever supported monetarily. God bless you.
@JasonsGrandpa amen bro
It is irrational to claim a belief in democracy & then protest against it! This is a dishonor to those who fought for it!
Thank you for putting the American ppl first Prez elect!!*  You Rock!!*🖒
I want a country to be proud and safe in. Protect women, all religions, LGBTQ, all races! No advisors that love to hate!
,#NOTMYPRESIDENT
please please don't back down I voted for you to get rid of all illegals and muslim t and coal back and jobs in our country
We don't need passion.   We need a strong president who is for the people of this Country and will run it Appropriately
That was an impressively quick flip flop
well deserved Sir , respect
sooner or later they will be embracing you
Yes, we will be proud to impeach you
Jesus knows you're evil
A SMALL GROUP LOL WE REJECT THE PRESIDENT ELECT. IS IT ANY CLEARER AND HIS GOLD DIGGING WHORE
is a New Yorker and can't be a racist! He will be one of the best! Just wait and watch guys
Congratulations Mr. Trump. You've fought hard for this victory! The 28 day plan is amazing.
Keep it rolling Mr. President. I know you will do well, follow your instincts.
Make us proud and great again DJT!!!
Put George soros and those rioters in prison
You are a uniter, Mr President. These children WILL grow up and be sorry they did NOT enjoy this great American victory.
I don't think 10k plus in LA could be considered small
I pray that the people protesting will come to grips and start supporting our president.
it's not a small group of protesters another lie #youownthat
small group of protesters, like your hands.
I had no President for the last 8 years and they had, now my turn to have #PresidentTrump
you have brought many thousands of people into the political Arena
SMALL GROUP??? Hahaha!!! 
"small groups" really? Have to demean  everything? We know you are the next Hitler and we not allow you to get away with it
most people on this thread are sore socialist trolls. They'll get over it. Economy matters now. You are great. #MAGA
keep the promise
they r young thugs looking 4 freebies

Don't you need to learn how to run a country. SMDH. Stay off Twitter!
like making a white supremacist a top advisor. No I have no reason to be scared.
@grumpyoldman418 Which Trump staffer wrote this?
ummmmmmmmmmmm did you read your own last tweet? https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/796900183955095552 …  God, you are the absolute pits
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
1st time twitter,am 68 backed u from start. If I can help in any way I'd be proud proud ! John
5,000 people isn't a small group. Although it might seem that way when counting them on such itty-bitty fingers #TinyHands
always in my prayers President Trump
Sounds great feels great is great! ""
but the protestors are harming U.S. citizens. I'm all 4 free speech but this is animalistic what's going on.
They have a passion for George Soros's money
, tell @KellyannePolls and Giuliani about rights of free speech & peacable assembly.
did someone go over the constitution with you?
@blancacastillow ...aquí les decimos mermeleros !!! Y encuestas truchas !!!
who is the idiot that gave you your twitter account back.
small? Lol
I didn't vote for you President Trump, but im hopefull of the positive change you will bring since you are not from estab @realDonaldTrump
but the violence and disruptive behavior so sad :(
Hi Donald You are THE best go! Bye from Italy
the people you want to discard cooks meals in restaurants pick the goods for our farmers
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10209213082296506&id=1004410634 …
no, again.
stand firm on what you said in your campaign because that's what put you in OFFICE I want to paint for you trump towers
You are amazing and give our country hope Again!
Dear President Trump, I wonder if -head of the snake-Soros-needs to be arrested for funding all the Protesters?
well said Mr. President!
everyone here making rude comments are makinh americans and america look bad. Youre actually worse than you say trump is.
are u talking about the KKK
???? I thought you said that it was "unfair"????
God bless you President elect Donald Trump.
Can't make up your mind, Donald? Need to get off the coke, dude!
Mr President can you please help us keep ecigarettes available. Big tobacco is trying to ban them. Please!!!
10 K in NYC 8 K in LA not small protesters, everywhere, you are not our president, never will be HRC has 2 Mil more votes
I ask Mr. Trump to ask of objectionable Do you come from heaven or the same allowable road
small groups . NOT . over 10,000 in LA. You have opened the great divide . None of your words will close that
#AskTrump can you please address the violence with the riots?
lock her up
make them come 2 us on our terms they will try 2 take over they do not know "come together" that is code for do it ther way
fake
amazing how the protesters proclaim love but can't behave and accept who our country voted for! Trumptastic!
"Small groups?"  I guess you're as delusional as the "left wing media." I bet they were unfair protesters too.
I am very proud that you are my President. I served 8 years in the Army and two tours in Iraq. I support you 100%

Just one example of these "small groups" of protestors.
small? Did you hold your hands up to the size of the protests?
I do love my country despite everything you've done to demean and destroy it. Very proud of protesters
@chezamission 
They should be arrested!!!
small group? Wich planet you live on? Buffon!
<---Pssstttt Re-Tweet Millions Signed Petition Dec 19th Potus Vote  https://www.change.org/p/electoral-college-electors-electoral-college-make-hillary-clinton-president-on-december-19 … #ElectoralCollege #Education
no your hands are small,  the protesting groups are yuge!
Make your mind up Thin Skin. Passionate, or professional protesters? Put down your phone & take your meds. #NotMyPresident
@gibb_emily literally thousands upon thousands of protesters around the US and this was his response.
.. U can't unite the country when U have  white supremacist ( Steve Bannon) as friends...
proud of our groper in chief
We have passion for the rights that you plan to infringe upon Muslims and immigrants, Mr. Trump. #notmypresisdent
It's not that small. The people voted for Hillary. You got 2nd plc. Can you see why people are upset? Probably not but try.
For a racist and a womanizer you are such a crier! Man up!
why doesnt everyone just give him a chance instead of being so hateful and crazy.
you should listen now or our voices will get bigger and louder.
You will not be considered our president Nevertrump.
hahahaha trump after robbing Clinton now u think u can rob the people   see  u have failed we are going to protest 4ever
we are going to protest till heaven opens and judge us
this is a time to do what Obama could not and speak to the country about unity and show them u r not who they say u r.
these prtesters are FAKES there paid for by soros.there FAKES.sue him president trump those people have
we need a good politician with a lot of experience I don't like Hilary too but I know she is better than you
10,000 protestors spanned 40 blocks in NYC #TheResistance
such an illusion no logic in this statement
we will keep the protest on for as long as you inhabit the oval office we are not going away ever
No trust Ryan.  I do trust you to take care of us.    Keep your promise to preserve SS.
Not an entitlement.
Social Security is an entitlement, and one that is facing financial shortfalls because it is paying out more than it takes in
So you ppl are frm going to be ok w gov absconding w a lifetime of payments?
not me.  They stole it.  Need more jobs which generates more revenue
infrastructure jobs 8 yrs ago Bur GOP refused Bec had a black Pres Biw all gun ho to start right away Si made us...
Hi Donald. Will you meet me someday? I like you. :)
Shows how far gone our educational system has gone
when you're gone!!!
, you are great. I'm having a hard time dealing with the Hillary protesters. She's such a cheater.
These small groups are getting bigger. And louder with a passion for our great country. They have lots to protest. Thanks.
You mean 3 MILLION more than voted for you small? #FAKEPRESIDENT #FAKEFACTS #LIARINCHIEF #BULLYINCHIEF #DICTATORTRUMP
small number of protestors? Like your very small hands? You are deluded! SAD!
True
@LeeSnover ..of a dictator...a psychopath
@LeeSnover ..someone who disagrees with you? And Kanye says nice words so you make time to meet w/him that's the behavior..
@LeeSnover 
Donald, your behavior is worse than ever. How dare you personally insult a union leader. That's how you treat..
@a_c_334 not small. They are the million of marginalized groups that have been fighting for rights the last 6 decades
HOWS THAT SMALL GROUP LOOK NOW.  LOOKS LIKE THEY CAME TO SOCIAL MEDIA FOR YOU PIG
That’s one way to look at it; yet,these protesters are not fair like Michael Moore preMeditating disruption 1/20-inaugural!
your the greatis bless you and your family
Do you have multiple personality disorder. seriously concerned...
