Oh... how our words can haunt us.
Look at the way Dirty Donny is handling the Russia investigation and the total mess he is in. He is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Would you renovate the White House if you had the chance?
Look at the way you are handling your Russia scandal!  You are unfit to be president.  Your Twitter meltdowns negate your positives
I ate another egg today. Idk if I can afford all of these fetus funerals for the chickens
email vs cheating Ameticans out of millions... #fuckyoutrump #notmypresident
She is so BAD!
You must WIN!
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. Another tweet that has not aged well.
#CROOKEDTRUMP #IMPEACHEDTRUMP #DUMBTRUMP #EVILTRUMP #LOUSYTRUMP #LYINGTRUMP #OBSTRUCTINGTRUMP  Pick one for yourself @realDonaldTrump
@mernickmann @anikaroyy
Good morning sir. Such a beautiful day knowing you're our new POTUS. 2017 can't get here quick enough
u suck
Mr Trump ur not going to do anything that u promise ur a li3r
you're the man!!Congratulations on a massive historical win.  Please make sure you have GREAT security around you always!
but you raped a little girl? 
I agree 1000%!  Trump 2016!!
where is your tax return, you are going to jail because you are a child rapists and a fraud and a dam liar
today, Hillary will be your President Mr. Trump.
says the one who thinks joking about sexually assisting women is considered "locker room talk."
@Lies_verbraeken
you're in a mess now by not turning over your tax returns
focus on your issues, that is what people need to hear.
because you have great judgement in locker room talk huh?
there is no email case! They are just duplicates of emails already reviewed and found to contain nothing by the FBI
YEAH WHAT ABOUT YOU GETTING IN TROUBLE FOR ALL THE BULLSHIT YOU'VE DONE. YOU'RE NO ANGEL.
"Bad judgement", @realDonaldTrump? You said it was bigger than Watergate.
And it is nothing.
https://twitter.com/politico/status/792064186620796928 …
#DumpTrump
.@realDonaldTrump: "This is bigger than Watergate." 
#draintheswamp #DrainTheMedia
are you five?
It appears that you cheated your way through school. So... I'm voting for the candidate who can spell "judgment" correctly!

Your unfit to be American. Go back to with your wife to her country!
How are you going to handle your own massive debt?  You have zero money.  Show your tax returns!
but when asked about ur sexual assault remarks all u could say was youll get rid of isis??????
you have my vote u know I'll wake up Wed morning with u as my president we will be able to hold r heads high again
how are you handling the sexual assaults brought against you?
this sounds like a raging @MirandaSings tweet #justsaying
-Criticism is an expression of self hatred and self loathing projected on others.
is it good judgement to force yourself on women?
look at the way you're handling your rape trial. plead guilty and beg forgiveness
yet you exercise bad judgement every time you open your mouth in front of cameras or people.
As someone who was ONCE an Atty she has a lower threshold 4 intent & knowledgeComey mustv Forgotten that law school basic.
"Bad judgement" from guy who brought you Trump Steaks, Trump Water, Trump the Board Game, and Trump University
Look back at ur debates trump who do u think is unfit to be president
you're more unfit to be president than Clinton. How does it feel to have a group of racists supporting you?
How are you handing pending FRAUD and CHILD RAPE cases?
Speaking of bad judgement, how's your wife?
You're under investigation for fraud w/ your joke of a University, and nearly all your foundation $ went to you. Hypocrite.
Bad judgement trump
No its bad judgememt when you open your mouth.  There is a solution.  Keep yours shut.
You are unfit to be a Citizen of these United States Forget about The Presidency Go live with your Puppet Master in Russia
How in the world is this possible?! Hillary should NOT be allowed to run! Not anymore!
you are unfit to be president
#hillaryunfittibepotus
Are you kidding.
You're going to sue all of your sexual assault accusers after saying we should listen to victims. That's bad judgement.
#FuckFaceVonClownstick
the only thing thats being rigged is if u win the election 
Hillary is unfit, Obama is a misfit, and Donald, you lost your mind somewhere in the toilet. Everyone should pray for America.
http://www.newsweek.com/2016/11/11/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120.html …
http://todaychristian.net/2016/11/01/anonymous-releases-bone-chilling-video-huma-abedin-every-american-needs-see/ …
you went bankrupt after inheriting millions, you are hardly an steady hand at the tiller.
do you put a potential criminal, who wants to raise middle class taxes and allow anybody in the US to be our president?NO!!
actually on her worse day Hillary could govern circles around you - just like debates
you wanna talk about bad judgment??? Oh my god do you hear yourself????
nothing there sorry ass
she's unfit to walk the streets
I think you'll take Cali - I am not seeing it go blue this time



ok but can we talk about how you barge into the changing rooms or preteens to get a look at some titties
literacy!?
If Clinton Inc.,real Obama played for a fool by the clintons. Or complicit?

Sent from my iPhone

Sent from my iPhone
how anyone can Compare the 2 of you.@realDonaldTrump..You're like a God and she is like Satan .Hillary is a Wicked woman #HillaryIndictment
great speech we are going to win and make America great again go USA
at least she wouldn't build walls and hide behind them like coward.
and your judgement is better? You force yourself on women...
@DiamondandSilk Mr TRUMP, you are bad for America in EVERY respect. As are your supporters and family! #UNFIT4ERICA

lock up your pussy's ladies
We are praying for you. Donald if God be for us no one can stand against us. I believe you speak for the good of all.
See Matthew 22:39 if you are true Christian
pussys will never be safe unless hilary wins #protectthatpussy
im pretty sure like 8 women have accused you of sexual harassment
didnt they find out through Wikileaks that the Clinton foundation hired girls to say that.Even a porn start
is this what you're referring to
you are the one that is unfit to hold any office even dog catcher #dumptrump
I'm going to kill my self if you become president.
rape much ?
bad judgment saying Muslims ban, Mexicans rapist, nasty woman, grabbing by the pussy..should I continue?
https://www.google.com/amp/www.newsweek.com/2016/11/11/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120.html%3famp=1 …
the whole doj top heirachy should resign en masse
a blind man can see corruption in clinton foundation
doj compromised time for  special prosecutor we need mayor rudi
Hillary has humiliated multiple white maintenance workers secrete service agents. Like they are beneath her feet. Research!
Your e-mail handling is criminal. You are misleading your supporters = America less great because of division.
Look how Trump lies about the women he screwed. He's proud of how his $$$ let's him fuck people. #wakeupAmerica #NoTrump
On the contrary, Donald, YOUR judgement’s FAR worse.
you are the one that has bad judgement u are selling people a lot of lies. You won't do anything for the African Americans.
you are unfit to breathe air !
she belongs in Prison no pardon! Send her to St Helena or some other rock.
thank you donald trump for all that you and your family does for our country
@HillaryClinton is a crook & now you can prove it!
bad spelling
You are the only one who cares about email.   #YoureNotFitToBePOTUS



we know what she's about. Focus on the economy.  I'm in!
you sure do talk a lot of smack about the competition. Win something you bankrupt billionaire of a joke.
What mess? Investigation NOT re-opened. Likely to be a bunch of spam and duplicates. (Not that you could read them!)
no!  You're fired!  Unfit to even clean a bathroom yet alone be President.
and still better than you. And it's not even close.
You should do something worthy...All Talk Trump
plus all the stuff NYPD Found carpet muncher then the sick stuff with children. I'm throwing up

#ComradeTrump #maga by raping 13 year old girl.  #viagralooser
this guy will bring the war here to our house.. R u all really that Un educated..
cheating people of their work . Praising that Puuppp. Guy.. one day he knows him next his never met him.. lier..lier
his being investigated as well ..  asshole would walking when tenagers 
Were changing..
you have many many un educated voters.. that's what he has . Chame. . All you Un educated people..
HEY DONALD ! At Rallies ask people if their happy POTUS wasting $$$ traveling in Airforce 1 campaigning for HRC
POTUS & VPOTUS out campaigning so WHO is running the country or is it like this "What Difference Does It Make"
she has no shame!She is going down!!Thank you and your family for all your hard work for this great country!God bless you
@Kevin06782254 looks like good old donny drumpf is projecting
You're an anchor and you're going to take all of your associates down with you. I hope you paid them first.
quit crying and start talking sense!
We know about hillary already!!
The GOP showed the worst judgement in allowing you to run for POTUS on their ticket.  You, sir, are a complete nutjob.
trumpsniff. You ARE a Sexual Assaulter
can't wait to learn of your ties to Russia.
.....but you begged to attend her daughter's wedding....#SADDONALD
.   Crooked
she is so unfot, she is not even fit to be unfit!!!
You're going to Prison, Don!!!  Treason. #ImWithHer #trumpisataxevader #MAGA

@SaintMichaelGGA un mono loco lo haria mejor que tu #carcamal.
Was it bad judgment to have sex with underage girls?
Never Trump
your bad temperament & crude boy talk won't get you in the WH
Wrong
You're a walking billboard of bad judgement.
How's that new server?  Any connection issues with Russia?  #CheetoHitler
she said that you lack the temper to be CiC but every bad country leader will say stay put that Mother Father will bomb us
#hillarycannotbetrusted
You'll be a great president.
Hey Rump! How about saying something new?you spew the same things over and over and over and over and over and over...
but allegedly raping a 13 year old girl is a-okay
What about the way you handled the university case? You went into a meltdown because the judge had Latino heritage.
in contrast to the poised & dignified way you handle the myriad (that means a lot) of messes you create.
Hillary is unfit to be president, she would sell out America/Americans for a dime. You already have my prayers & vote.
what about you and Trump University scandal and trial.  And the sexual assault charges???
you say this like its the only terrible thing she's done.   she is a terrible disgrace to our country for more reasons!
But an egotistic liar who says whatever he thinks will work and rips off investors, partners, contractors and students is?
u say she's not right for president... Have u seen yourself... "Build a wall" this isn't a game , we are all people
You are unfit to be PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP because you will ruin a lot of lives you SATIN
And you're a total disaster in every sense of the word, you will make a mess of this great country.
your unfit to a janitor in WH
she takes no responsibility blames everyone else blames Comey
you have great judgement.
