Damn right rigged! Thas WHY YOU vile vapid vacuous SEX PREDATOR WON & now is WE the 7bl, wildlife &1 PLANET TO 
catch HELL!
I agree it was rigged. We all saw the outcome yesterday. Still feel electoral college should be banned?
Scum bag,,,,,
has to be some kind of brainwashing. Lies. Evil
I'm
What do you feed that thing on your head?! That thing's a phony and it comes from a tale of a pony!
You did it, and you admitted to grabbing woman’s private parts. You need to man up and deal with the consequences like all the other people who lost their jobs for doing the same as you or worse. I hope justice serve true and impeach you!!
face the music Mr. President your buddy Putin did a number for you hacking.
never lost my vote #MAGA
Muslims are not terrorist please I love America but I also love My religion Islam I proud on my religion
I guess those white women got turned on by it.
you will win!!!


Calling women pigs and saying you grab women's pussies and you wonder why you're losing their vote?!
Woman don't like insecure men that trample on others dignity.  #trump #Election2016
you lie. Simply that.
It happened. You know it did. If you were to pass a lie detector then it would clear you so, would you take one? STUPIDITY
you were quoted in an article by @voxdotcom

WILL NEVER BE #POTUS NNNNNEEEEVVVEEERRRR
Here's the deal Donnie. Hillary CAN make things better with our input. You're narcissistic and CANNOT.
https://youtu.be/A3BHujm3cpY 
We all know you did it. You are a creep.
You haven't lost this one! Some of us don't wear media blinders and recognize the right choice.
,How Can the Obomination campaign for Killery spending republican tax dollars.
Trump tha rapist
@Votefortrumpnj
Abolish the IRS Mr Trump. No more big government

Perhaps you shouldn't have bragged about doing those things then. A lesson to douchebags and dude bros. everywhere.
because of Hillary and media
YOUR OWN WORDS where you detail "inspecting" the Miss USA locker rooms. All the contestants are making that up too, huh?
So ALL the women are lying? Even the women with easily provable ties to you? Summer Zervos is making it all up, kay gotcha.

Give them He'll Donald they are scared to death with all the truth coming out on Wikileaks
didn't loose women voter
Yea.. nothing at all to do with the things that have came out of your own most at all...  i mean at all....
Consider the source. Best of luck.
How dare the media report what you say - that is just not fair .
why doesn't anybody check Hillary cover-up in 1989 with 14yr old girl
not this woman voter you did not. Still voting for you. Mr. President.
#Trump #Trump #pleasehelp
Their nasty no goods.  Hang in there Mr TRUMP.
I already voted I am a woman ,  I want you to make my country great again
I already voted by absentee state  of Arizona checking in , and I am a woman
u r being taken down by a woman !!
no I can't you haven't lost all of us.
u deserve all the bad karma coming ur way
Soon we all will live as you never happen LOSER
dude quit #whining and accept you are a loser.  You can only blame yourself.
still have my vote...I am a woman from New Orleans but moved to Florida recently...Going to put my ballot in on Monday
u haven't lost me a victim of abuse I see thru liars
Be sure to see the reults of the FB poll from David Hill tonight at 7pm
TALK ABOUT WOMENS ISSUES Maternity Leave & Childcare
@NickPatches so many sheeple, so little time
liar
Do you have nothing better to do than tweeting all day?
you can do this
Big Don, we are still betting you win on November 8, hang in there my brother.
RUN COMMERCIALS WHERE ARE THE COMMERCIALS
@LiberalNOR I think women aren't as stupid as she thinks we are all deplorable welcome to the club ladies we need to UNITE.
@LiberalNOR I don't think women r lost Hillary emails say how stupid& useless all women R but that's their champion>INSANE.
I
in 7
we believe you are the winner of 11/ 8._   Middle east in a big mess.  supporting rebels ,what she called,em opposition
what ibelieve as a woman is if it happened or didnt I dont care cause most woman will hide their motivators I support you!
we know better than the MSM bias 
you haven't lost my vote
you are still getting my vote in PA. Crooked Hillary does not get this woman's support.
I think this smear campaign is disgusting to take the spotlight off of Hilary's horrible deceit and illegal conduct.
Here is a great quote from your dad that will carry the nation for a few more days Mr. Trump!
u still have my vote sir
because they stupid and blinded by CROOKED LAIER HILARY BIG CORRUPTED GOV MAFIA.
you didn't lose me!
~ You NEVER had my vote
lets discuss how clintons trashed the WH and stole personal property owned by tax payers they had to return. Sore losers
 You Are A COWARD!  
you list even more last night.
there is a video on YouTube that proves that Hillary Clinton's staffers were hired to incite violence at Trump Rallies
.@realDonaldTrump nope. Women are just disgusted by you. Vote for a misogynistic, lying bully? Ha! Women have self respect @HillaryClinton
you asked for it!
no its because we just don't like you, your values and what you stand for as a whole.
women can see thru the BS allegations
Christians all over America are praying for your win. You are our only hope to save our nation. Keep telling it like it is.
You did not lose this woman voter. I think your accusers are a bunch of liars paid by the Clinton crime syndicate.
Another load of #Trump #Bullshit.  Everyone believes the WOMEN you assaulted...#LOSER! @SeanHannity #FNC @oreillyfactor
you didn't lose the votes of any of the ladies I work with.
oh yeah it did!!!
Megan Kelly wants Hillary but we want Trump
bull!  Quit your whining.  It's getting real old.
A friend did a women poll on FB & u won women votes.
i believe it!
.Crooked Hillary is flip flopping again. Are you for the 2nd Ammendment or not?
That's it! I proudly casted my vote 4 u today! I'm a woman & I beleieve in u! I don't care 4 manufctrd lies!May GOD bless u
you are lame old white....well orange man
these women are unattractive and unbelievable. Trump is attracted to 10's not less than a two!!!pleeese
polls aren't close.  #sorrynotsorry Do us a favor and quit blaming the world.  U r the candidate.  This your disaster
it would be good if you could have the guy at the debate that claims to be Clintons son
and if any polls show a Clinton win by just a few votes,have a recount &look for votes from dead people
suggest to everyone that when they vote trump on Election Day to wear red& have media coverage on it
get your fact check website up and ready, you will get those votes and more.
your losing us because we want you to talk about issues not crooked hillary. We r not dumb, know her tricks
Offer the guy in Utah to bring back Utah.
Ur 15 minutes is almost up.
Play the tape.
shut up
I keep telling myself that your entire campaign is a made up event that never happened. #deleteyouraccount
problem is Mr. Trump is politicians are afraid of you. They cant buy you and it scares tge shit out of them
Your own words, Donnie. (Btw, your own own words include "for the most part."  Something did happen.)
same thing
you have such an opportunity to just "hit" HRC with fact after fact. Go after her.
Mr. Trump I beg you please don't be on the defense tonite. Attack with facts. Fact after fact after fact. Have numbers
you did not lose women supporters. Most women were never voting for you. You lost the day you won. Lol lol. Hillary 2016!
Don't spend a lot of time on sex lies in final debate. Stick to wikileaks emails and draining the swamp!
actually NO I can't believe it
Keep on topic don't let her trap you into looking bad...We are all counting on you!
wont lose me! #womanforTrump
Please don't let her pull your strings tonight. I belive in you
YOU HAVE A LOT OF US (WOMEN) OUT HERE THAT LOVE & SUPPORT YOU MR. TRUMP THAT DON'T BELIEVE A WORD OF IT! WE BELIEVE IN YOU!
stay on the high road tonight. Let hillary roll in the ditch by herself. Just keep on topic
The rigged MEDIA AND Obama......
I hope your team will check Hillarys podium to assure its not rigged like first debate.
Pro abortion Hillary supports the killing of women worldwide..Talk about an assault on women!
I believe NOT!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=uJBL7kuzvsg … Just the guy with the weird hair XD
Bullshit from the person so responsible for the bullshit in this election housel
I gather rest of the world has to ignore all the fake followers from bots that RT and Like you as well then? #TrumpLaws
you are the biggest whiner ever! Really HUGE WHINER!!!
I agree with CO speech. This may and will be our last party choice. GO TRUMP!
LARRY NICHOLS KNOWS HOW TO WIN ELECTIONS HE RIGGED THEM 4 HILLARY & BILL CLINTON SINCE 1978 THEY FEAR HIM ! HOLLA BRO !
AMERICA IS SICK & TIRED OF HILLARY LIES & DIRTY TRICKS THEY KNOW HOW 2 RIG SELECTIONS JUST LIKE THE DEBATES ARE RIGGED!
I HEARD A LADY TELL PENCE AT RALLY SHE IS READY TO TAKE UP ARMS AND SO IS AMERICA
Grow up. It's about time.
YOU NEED 2 PLAY DIRTY NOW ALSO ! CONTACT 'LARRY NICHOLS ' HE SAID LET HIM HELP YOU DE RIG THIS ELECTION NOW TRUMP !
THEY ARE ALL BS FOLLOWERS ANYWAY ! HOW COME THEY DON'T PROTEST HILLARY OR BILL CLINTON RAPES ! BILL RAPED 13 YR OLD VIDEO !
Where's Monica Lewinsky when you need her?  There's so much dirt on the Clinton's that everything they touch is FILTH!
how much did Hillary pay for the lies and stories told by these women?  Another tax payer expense??
of course it happened. You sexually abused women! Stop your lying and face the music
- @realDonaldTrump 3) you're yuuuuuuge in Russia right now (and probably forever) #putin #happiestmanalive u guys would totally hit it off
- @realDonaldTrump 2) I can't argue with your last statement however #trump for Senior Editor at GawkFeed Media 2016!
you lost women voters because you're a real life horrible person.
- @realDonaldTrump 1)ALLCAPS used by a president should be for a purpose such as @POTUS since when used abundantly it comes off a bit <POTUS
why no media talk about the trip of Kerry to stop Internet for Assange?????
Mr Trump where do you stand on our National Parks. 
I can't seem to get an answer from anyone.
they are animals!! Please help us - we need you not a tyrant
k whatever

WOW YOUR STUPID
it's always someone else's fault.  #bigbaby
So you say. Shameless. Shoulda went to that college.
I Don't Believe the Polls.. Voters who were willing to commit fraud for the DNC are afraid of arrest now!
@RickTrump2016 sorry hope u win the president my vote is ur
pretty sure that women with any sense of dignity and respect for their fellow women were already not voting for you.
"Women voters" aren't a thing to be lost. They are voters. They are people. Not numbers, not body parts, not objects.
listen.... stay on message! You will not pull this off talking about the rigged election!
jus heard the D say even the dead vote. D maybe on walking dead they vote but not in real life.
at the #Debates2016 make a point that Hillary is a criminal and we should be focusing on that, not on a 10yo comment
are you still in the race?
I believe in voter fraud. Really, online registration no I'd required.  Kill me
did Hillary really pay Bernie to back off. Was he splitting her vote?
there will always be haters and trolls. Don't feed them. Ignore them
do not be distracted by the Monica's of the world
just stay the course and focus on the issues
I believe she would like to start a conflict with Russia
Hillary is too dishonest for me
