#NoRefugees ##NoIslam #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Happy Memorial Day Cindy Some gave all so you could have your freedoms you so take for granted#MAGA
I don't take anything for granted! My son did 2 tours in iraq. N asshat is tearing our country apart. Traitor deserves what's coming
Thank you to your son.... Traitor Obama and practically his entire administration... yes they do deserve what is to come
Trump =Traitor? Greedy? Girl you drank from the lib fountain way to long Quit your bellyaching
Wow u really are delusional. Do I read or watch anything but faux news?! He and his family are going down. The sooner the better
Ubr an idiot who has been gaslighted
What?! We r experiencing failure in epic proportions. Prez under investigation for money laundering, obstruction & u r talking of Clinton?!
Has he gone out and murdered? No. Has ISIS murdered....let's see... yes many times! Hmmmmm
u are bullying young Muslim kids born here & telling them they aren't welcome.U sir are priming them for Isis.Good job!
Exactly but his minions can't connect the dots. Too complicated
Isis recruits by speaking 2 Muslim & non-Muslim who feel displaced in their own country & play on that loneliness.Trumpism is a tool 4 them.
You blast refugees, poor people, Muslims, welfare recipients, but fail to condemn racist/Xenophobic/Islamaphobe grps. Sad.
But those are his peeps ! 
True. Our schools need a clean sweep!
Idiot
Perhaps you should also talk about how your presidency has created such hate, like the Portland attacks.  Oops he is white, no problem
I hope President Trump gets paid by the click.  Keep hatin' .. he keeps makin' $$
Idiot
You are a social.worker.   Educated idiot who uses food stamps.
if hillery wants to spend recount money let defind her self or go to jail
Idiot
LIFES WILL BE LOST. BUT THAT IS THE COST OF FREEDOM.THE CROOKED NWO ALMOST HAD US B4 TRUMP STEPPED IN 2 FIGHT
Wow r u delusional? Poor children will be brainwashed by daddy to think like daddy 
the threat right now is @cnn raging gorilla type propaganda warfare against our government.
Thank you Donald Trump for being so honest with the American people
Honest lmao

get rid of the Muslims until they get rid of the barbaric book from millenniums ago.
U mean the Bible?
When did the democrats become so self destructive and stupid ?
When did republicans become so evil and hateful
@DoggettsJoshua jihadist as well as racist are indoctrinated by their parents
Exactly
America is behind you to resolve all issues that this country has. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @MYTEJOE
U mean make American white again?
We can thank Obama and his Corrupt Regeim for not enforcing existing immigration laws and procedures.
Idiot
Muslims shouldnt be allowed in our country. All muslims r jihadis. Its their duty 2 kill infidels.No more pampering muslims
Idiot

More tweets to enflame your minions and keep the gaslighting  effective 
Neither should you be in the country. Your ancestors are immigrants. Don't forget that.
What about the republican terrorist at the college in Kentucky?
@OurSaviorTrump how stupid are 35% of amerikans to STILL listen to drumpf after hundreds of lies!!!!
@OurSaviorTrump well... ole shit for brains has really done it this time. No proof about wire tapp. and FBI think he's nuts
Get em out
@OurSaviorTrump Was Trump born in Russia? Obama asks to see Trump’s birth certificate
@OurSaviorTrump Gordon Ramsey to hold benefit buffet for Swedish Chef who died in terror attack.  Ha ha ha ha ha
@OurSaviorTrump Milo Yiannopoulos' book Dangerous was canceled abruptly Monday after Republican conservatives reject him
@OurSaviorTrump kellyanne Conway said drumpf made a lot of money off the backs of the little people.
@OurSaviorTrump I have no problem in releasing my tax information while under audit. Warren buffet. Neither would Mr. Trump
Yes and i believe this is a outrage to our ohio state comminuty and our locals here the madness has to stop.
@OurSaviorTrump doesn't like BBC or CNN. Likes fox for fucks sake.
@OurSaviorTrump soo... obamacare will cost more with drumpf changes. That's just fucking wonderful.
@OurSaviorTrump drumpf says Flynn is a wonderful man but has no job. What the fuck!!
turning into fear of our safety. What kind of "freedom" is that?
but we also live in America, where one day freedom was taking more seriously than is now. Our freedom is quickly
live in a place that not only we call the UNITED states (because we all should be united as one and love unconditionally,
there's so many people out to attack. So what's our next step besides sticking together, staying protected, & trying to
make sure their religion is obeyed by attacking us. They highly believe in their God, Allah. Besides ISIS, muslims, etc
there are a couple refugees here that are not to be here. The sharia Law has an estimated of over 8 million working to
All of this mess stated in Iraq when one group was left out of the elections. Hold new election and include both sides.
you must fire all your cabinet because you are not an American, you don't share our values as a nation, clear los 3 million
good decisions !!! Proplefrom Poland
.@realDonaldTrump and you're taking credit for the presidency you didn't win. so...
ISIS takes credit of anything bad that happens in the world. I think they did it for you being elected.
AMEN THOUSANDS OVER!!!♡♡♡
Actually sir the vast majority of terrorism in the US is home-grown right-wing militias please meet with us for details
That' probably because the demoncrats wouldn't allow people like him to be deported.
I thought it was best buddy Putin! You shit for brains.....
donkeys have no idea except for shouting, terrorists have no faith except for political.
get the facts first before you spout
If the shooter would've felt accepted & safe with his beliefs on campus this wouldn't have happened. We need to promote acceptance & love.
@Staarla_NSD37 someone please wake me when this guy says something that even approaching intelligent :-) :-)
I agree with you totally. People who want to come here and destroy the country, we do not need them here.
call isis a name they dont like, if agitated, they'll  make mistakes, can live with loner attacks we can hunt down.
scolding fox tonigt, freakout over german attack, sound like  the left,  i said thats why you're in just report the news!
strangle isis, keep up the vigil against  their movements,  depend on the generals input!
you are ISIS
this is right
om telolet om
Yesterday 90 U.S. citizens died driving.  So who cares?
we think trump got help from Russia but we know Hillary got money from the middle east hmmm isn't that interfering
ISIS mission not USA but is Russia
you are also a foreigner cos your parent migrated to US so stop all this billshit Mr President.
he acted alone and not as the result of ISIS. This is false information and the type that spreads hate
You do realize it's this kind of hatred that radicalizes people, right?  Racist.
Obama failed to protect citizens again http://dailyheadlines.net/2016/12/obama-knew-ohio-state-terrorist-was-a-threat-let-him-in-anyway/ …
You shouldn't be in our country, yet here we are.
can we ever meet face to face sir?
according to the FBI not Trump they cannot be vetted.  Stop the bleeding American Lives Matter

and who is behind Isis? Hillary and Obama! Love you Trump!
And....with a vehicle and a machete. ...not a gun!
no kidding. There are so many Somoli terrorists in this Country right now.
Surprised Obama did not call it work place violence or College violence. I still ? where he was born and what his Faith
My thoughts and prayers are with the students, faculty and staff at Ohio State University
Send him back
Too bad it wasn't a Christian stabber, cuz then nobody would give a shit about his religion.
@LogicalReverie 
Yes u r right sir is ok
May be your ancestors should not have been in the states! May be your story would not have been told.

Like you and your family? Your ancestor built a hotel for whores, on property that he didn't even own. Your D.N.A. sucks 2.
so she shouldn't be in the US just because he's from ANOTHER COUNTRY ? Gimme a break, YOU shouldn't be there
Who the fuck are you to say who should or should not be in USA?
you shouldn't be in other's country as well!

 Radical Islamic training camps in the USA.This is 100% INSANITY. Why hasn't #Obama done something? 

#PresidentTrump will stop this 4 sure 
careful of reifying a group of people with one act. A letter to you from OSU researchers:
@ansrkr3816 한가지 부탁 드릴게요 대한민국의 주둔해있는 미군을 전부 철수시켜 주세요 대한민국 국회와 언론은 거짓으로 
뭉쳐있는 종북 간첩들 입니다 전쟁을 유도할수있는 
기회를 주세요 100만 이상을 죽여야 합니다
NATIONAL NOL, THE INCREDIBLE NATIONAL NOL, WILL NOT BE HAPPY ABOUT YOU! YOU FORGET THE BEAUTY OF PEOPLE AND PRIDE.
rich white men have historically committed more terrorist acts then anyone so we should put them all out?
.@realDonaldTrump #ISIS #Trump #altrightliike #KKK2016 #Christmas #Christianity #christians #religion #blacklives #MinoriTY
this is the most American photo I've ever seen
You Trump should not be in our country!
YOUR billionaire buddies are actually bringing in Somali refugees to work in slaughterhouses. You're such a pathetic liar.
He was radicalized by people like you who incite violence against non-Aryans.
sorry can't believe you
and???
thank you for having such a great heart and a love for us, the American people...so proud to have you as my President.,,jan
ISIS would take credit for hurricane if it had an Arabic name
whether they actually had a hand in it is questionable.But they're taking credit from you and your team in Iran and Russia
Agree, agree, agree!
Well, at least he didn't shoot up a pizza place based on your fake news, eh, Hair Furor?
GET @ACTBrigitte on our #MAGA team!
you're just as big of a liar as ISIS is, only with teeny tiny  hands
student loans should be interest free with a small administration fee !
Donald, don't for one second cave on immigration and the illegals. you were elected because of that stance
it has to end...i feel Trump will change many things
Mr. President Elect, pls don't backtrack on your promises. You are smart. And you have a good heart Pls heal our country.
U INVENTID ISIS NIGOR
love the tweets we know trumps plans and thoughts all the time keep it up trump
Can barely wait so long for you to alas become Pres and put an end to all this inner abuse in America we are fatigued by.
Say it like it is Trump. Islamic terror attack. Part of an ongoing war against America.
#radicalislam #itsathing
still unbelievable this was allowed into our country!
deport him please or hang
it's clear the OSU hoax was a preplanned fake event to justify more $$ on police & govt spending! Stop the fake events
What can we do about Obama wanting to take in 2500 refugees refused by Australia? Can you stop it?can we? This is wrong!
okay, well how are you going to differentiate between the good and the bad? The thing is, you cant. Good luck.
absolutely
ISIS would claim responsibility for a stink bomb if it would further their plan to destabilise the west #WakeUp
what a jackass
what do your intelligence briefings tell u
ISIS still killed less people than the City of Chicago this year.
Much more afraid of white supremacists. Far more of the them.
your the president now?  What are you going to do?
تبن 
I think all these people are extremely unintelligent. Think about it, "THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES" is misinformed?!
scare tactict. Don't legitimize terrorist groups! ISIS will lay claim to all negative incidents if you allow them to. #duh
"credit"
Dude, YOU shouldn't be in my country. Move to Slovenia, etc-if you even know where these nations are?
why don't you do your job and leave this to the media?
more bull they never took credit he said he did it for isis
please tell us how come 6 of the strongest armies in the world were not able to destroy ISIS,unless if they dont want to?
Everyone w their head OUT of the sand knew this right away. Those w/ their heads in sand or elsewhere need to pull em out!
Totally agree with that!!!
YOU should not be in our country.
Please stop the influx of these criminal imagrants!
You see.  That's why nobody should be in this country unless they are accounted for!!
Please get rid of sanctuary cities and start vetting muslims entering our country!!!..no more refugees and build that wall!
Daesh Attention Seeking again  Losers
will you get off the incoherent tweets and study the US Constitution?
u were right!
and now you're validating those obvious lies.
World is looking towards you to free us from the Evil.
All the best Sir.It seems evry1 opposing you, wnts to act as the president without going through the pain to act.
thanks for making the world a bit more unsafe.  Let's alienate as many religions and people as we can.
share plan to combat this great threat to American citizens. BTW "Stop it" didn't work. Maybe you could do tweet storm 2/2
far more white supremacists are responsible for acts of terror on US soil than all other groups combined. Please 1/2
You are so ignorant! This kid was born in USA! Foolish FRAUD STATEMENTS AS USUAL!
ISIS didn't take credit for anything, he just said he's part of ISIS which means nothing
Yah so keep isolating Muslims in our country . That's the way to go
@BarackObama 
Obama turned his back on America long ago!
He wants a Muslim country!!
Bring it the Christians refugees in Syria before they murder them and stop bringing in CIA trained ISIS soldiers !

結婚して
Neither should you be in the country
You mean  "claiming responsibility". 
"Taking credit" would be more like if they worked on a statue of you.
That is correct.  Deport them.
President Hindsight
Thank God  for Donald Trump not  bowing to liberal BS and media bias. Finally someone who stands up for Americans
President T.- Islam doesn't have a separation between Church n State. But we do n that is the difference. Deport them all
until they can be vetted properly stop all refugees!!!  Sharia is not compliant with the CONSTITUTION
now's your chance to do something real up there. God bless you and your job.
