you won the election on the 9th approximately 02:30.  Mazel Tov Honey.
You call yourself sanity for all and you're aligning yourself with the insane choice. #hillaryforprison2016
Nice to see you still have your con man skills @realDonaldTrump. She's ahead by 8% among women (down 1/10th since last poll)
#FuckYou
indicators American male dominance and woman for entertainment a mind set of general Americans
don't listen to the polls...I don't. Even our Australian son in law is rooting for you
Hillary will win by landslide. Trump will say the same pitiful shit he said about not winning an Emmy. You sad people 
Clinton is beating you soundly. You are bloody and bruised and she hasn't broken a sweat.
#RIGGED "Partisan divisions are 36-27-31 percent, Democrats-Republicans-independents." 

http://www.langerresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/1184a12016ElectionTrackingNo1.pdf …
She is gonna get waxed if she is down 11 with women.  No way more men are voting for her.  Who the hell are? The dead!
posting armed bullies at polling stations to keep them from voting
Trump in The Crosstabs.  I love 2016!
As far as I remember I thought polls didn't matter to you
that's not close 23 dais out bud. But keep dreaming. Polls rigged remember. U can't have duelling ideals vro
stay o. Issues and pounding her
i keep waiting for common since to kick in and make it a land slide trump win the lady's think hillary is notfullyintoshira
You are on drugs.
FINALLY! I'm sure they hated putting that info out. Just a few more weeks to go. STAND STRONG!!!!
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/Election …
soooo the polls are ONLY RIGGED when you lose huh.  And 2 think ppl really believe everything u say. So you're responsible
women are not stupid they know when hey are being played. The MSM RNC, DNC are all in for #wheresHillary. Women will see
(Yeah because he misrepresents them. In that poll he’s losing to Hillary by four points.)
coates you  better pray trump wins so you have a country left to be a liberal in
I think Trump would be a catastrophe for the US - the country Obama and Clinton are making is more my speed. xx
oh the country that just took on 6 trillion more debt and commits treason in the state dept. And lies,that country?
Yes, the country that borrowed to get out of the largest recession since the Great Depression...
… and whose Secretary of State is involved in a foundation that has paid for millions of people’s HIV drugs.
While giving millions more people access to healthcare, ended a war in Iraq, repealed Don’t Ask Don’t Tell...
A Vote for Taxpayer $$$$ to Planned Parenthood is same as Voter killing 50+million babies w/contribution. Jesus calls Voter
hiya, donny ole buddy ole pal! did ya get a load o' this right here?https://twitter.com/abcpolitics/status/790669104046899201 …. toodles#ImWithHer
Clinton overtakes Trump in strong supporter enthusiasm in new @ABC tracking poll http://abcn.ws/2eD6WBn  
you are still losing!!
@abcnews ABC must conduct their poles in the newsroom to get the ridiculous results they're posting.
today abc is reporting your behind in polls... they are liars! look at the here polls https://youtu.be/zaOoFH8HHrk 
only Liberal women like Killary.... Eww
@itsmecamille98 @realDonaldTrump and ducks to
@Trumpertarian Dontworry MrTrump!We arepraying for you!If HIllary wins,MERICA is going to REGRET their voting decision!
And when @isleofcapri777 gets raped & told it's her fault, she'll regret voting for a sexual predator. And I will feed off of her misery.
she didn't answer the same question on the airplane she deflected about the election would you except the vote
.@realDonaldTrump You've got SMART women aboard #TrumpTrain 
We who are wives, moms, daughters, sisters, aunts n g-mas don't want HRC!
#MAGA

.@IwearCrocsAlot @realDonaldTrump not gonna happen liberals!
Trump is anointed & appointed for "such a time as this" Esther4:14
@DrDaveOrts
If you had a Christian upbringing,  you know the New Testament replaced Old?
oh! The new replaced the old!? To no 10 commandments??? Wow!
Again,  some Old T directives like an "eye for an eye" were 'overruled' by Christ
just some? So cherry picking is ok.... yeah.
So you disagree and say that eye for eye is per Christ's teachings?
Trump said about himself one time, “Women find his power almost as much of a turn-on as his money.”
That is a know fact about women - your point is?
Perhaps you didn't realize that Obama got over 320 electoral votes with less than a 4% advantage.
Are u Insane >
Lying SOS https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/washington-post-abc-news-poll-clinton-holds-four-point-lead-in-aftermath-of-trump-tape/2016/10/15/c31969a4-9231-11e6-9c52-0b10449e33c4_story.html …
Geaux Donald. Stay focused on what matters! Can't wait to see you in the White House
IN YOUR DREAMS, DIRT BAG.
Yes. Accurate numbers in Narnia.
please forget the women, focus on the issues , emails, Benghazi and their foundation!!!  We have got to win the election!!
Yesssssss!!!!!  #TrumpStrong #MAGA
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Keep Dreaming, Trump!
HILLARY is about to be exposed! #WomenWhoVoteTrump
we don't believe those polls, no one I know even gets to vote...
media is lying to discourage voters from going to polls. Corruption is unbelievable.
Delusional
Maybe if you did not spend your lifetime bilking American workers out of jobs & military out of $$, you would have friends
ABC only polled your wife and daughters
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
But the MSM is all wrong and out to get you. I'm so confused.
Hay bozo you better look alittle closer. She is well ahead of YOU
not true. You're dreaming. Women are united.
 it's getting pretty pathetic when YOU have to announce that "I'm close" to winning. Hint: "close" is good in horseshoes
.@realDonaldTrump So you agree with WaPo when you like what they print, but want them shut down when you disagree? #authoritarian
Kind of like how the MSM only talks about the polls when she is ahead. Even within the + or -
- no- they do the polls almost every show. I think you're confusing MSM and Trump-when He's up.
Trumps comments are in direct response to the MSM not talking about the polls when he is up. Not confused at all
Ronald Teagam's slogan was MAKE AMERICA GREAT.
- trump is no Ronald Reagan.
Maybe he is.
- No, no, he's really not.  Reagan was all about tearing down walls not building them up.
Where on earth are you getting that figure about women voters from?
He's twisting numbers to show difference from April poll and now. Absurd.
*June not April (oops). Clinton is actually +9 with women in current poll though.
Not a woman that I know has been polled and they are all voting to #MAGA
Sorry but doubtful your circle of friends is statistical significant.
we know, we know... we are deplorable redneck insignificant basement dwellers...
Ok. But all I pointed out was he's losing with women.
No, no you didn't. You resorted to an attack & you do not even realize it. Sad really...
but I thought the media was rigging the election, Donald. You can't have it both ways.
Even when they are all cheating with her, she's still going to lose on November 8th.
then you admit this poll doesn't mean anything because it is coming from the corrupt press, yes?
So u mean America has more men than women implies America will now have a groper pervert president?
Thank you as women are waking up to this evil HRC as she despairs everyone! HRC speaks disparagingly about all groups.
@KatrinaPierson   jeez
polls are rigged remember
@ThorntonB1 
a virtual tie with the plus or minus 4 or 5%
#Wrong
Ur dreaming!
you guys see what his logic right. If hes winning its legit, if hes losing its a rigged one C'MON PPL
um, clearly Donald Trump can't read.
.@realDonaldTrump 
"Down 11 points w/women" means H went from +19 to now +8... Does not mean she's behind -11, as you want it to sound like.
Don read the NBC poll u r down 11
WE WILL WIN THIS!  Good luck Wed. Stay calm.  We are all Praying for you.
Can you make up your mind? Are we supposed to believe the polls or not?! You're confusing.
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!

god help us
over sampled D48 R37 I15. 2012 was D38 R32 I29. You are up
I just don't trust these poll no's. They don't make any sense in coordination to social media. Who's paying for them?
Wow. WHO needs to take a drug test?
Ask HRC about the uranium deal how much $ she made from Russia She talks shit about u and Russia make her eat her words
DELUSIONAL TRUMP STILL THINKS HE CAN WIN!
getting worried here! You've got to win this!
Saturday night live should STOP broadcasting the truth about donald trump, according to donald trump.
yay! We're all voting for u. New Christian poll- all evangelicals and Catholics have your back. Hillary is abortion freak
that's because this is a movement to break up this corruption.
ok Donald mows your chance! Be respectful in the next debate!!! WE NEED CHANGE!!!!!!!
Run some ads I do not see any. Focus an ad on women and use Judge Jeannine Pirro or Ivanka.
Clinton leads Trump, two new polls show
http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/16/politics/hillary-clinton-donald-trump-presidential-polls/index.html …
Nonsense Trump. THE POLLS ARE LIES! Crooked Jezebel Hillary is part of Obama's anti-Christ scheme. WAKE UP Trump!
@KEEMSTAR I am still waiting for it's just a prank in the elections
ignore the trolls,don't give a crap what u said and did 11 years ago, just win so a new Republican Party with balls emerges
YOU need to get your UP with women voters. You need to do specific actions to get their vote now.

Wow Sounds like Trump campaign this week.  But Bill never bragged about assaulting women.  Trump did.
Trump never assaulted women but Bill did and was forced to pay 800,000 in damages
Trump settled a number of federal cases & lawsuits so I guess he was guilty too. Wow
Never had one sexual lawsuit!He has civil cases involving business dealings.U don't give 800,000 4 no reason
and Trump has that pesky recording of saying he did it because he could get away with it
actually the poll doesn't say that about women. Stop lying and grow a pair.
@TeamTrump when there are wildly different poll numbers, look at the source. Biased against Trump.
Any woman that votes for you is a goddamn alien.
Captain Groper prepares for debate...  Sniff sniff
Stay on economy, immigration, Wikileaks(she cannot deny any of it), military, there's so much there for you to attack her.
thank goodness my prayers are with u
@Trump_Videos 
Will millennial women vote for a woman, a lying corrupt woman?She is banking on them to NOT think, just vote
Wow. Had to dig deep for that one stat, didn't you?
say what?
time to get back to campaign promises the people need a reason to vote 4 u. H is corrupt so how r u different
in your famously stupid words...rigged..
TRUMP 2016
simmer down, big fella.  Your temperament is showing.
@HillaryClinton personifies evil, her supporters are either on the dole or in an alternate reality.
trump wouldn't want to share a foxhole with some republicans?   Trump avoided draft FIVE TIMES.  trump is a COWARD..
We r going 2 win
lol Wow... delusion runs deep here.

Thought it was rigged ?
@HillaryClinton hired extraterrestrial2 land+rig the #election more reality check: #Pussygate #perv
You and Melanie are in every way the "LEADERS - TEAM - FAMILY EXAMPLE FOR A "GREAT NEW AMERICA!"  AMERICA WILL FOLLOW  100%
wow you actually going to make a nice comment about the media and rigged polls.
I HAVE HIGH REGARD FOR WOMEN AND TRUST THEM TO SEE THE TRUTH
what article are you reading? Because per the @washingtonpost and everyone else, you are losing terribly #dementia
Sleep is important for cognitive function.
Hillary for president ! Plump trump we hate you
Don't make us laugh who is telling you this garbage Do You Believe it?   NO one with a brain even likes you your unwanted

Polled 300 housholds here in Florida. Trump 40%. Clinton 20%. Rest won't say. The Clinton people get borderline violent.
Please talk about your policies at the next debate! Let everyone know your great ideas!
Power of suggestion? Or in need of glasses?
she leads a bunch of ignorant people.
@TeamTrump There's a book called "How To Lie With Statistics" We need a book "How To Lie With Polling"
we can read, unlike your deplorables, Clinton's up 11 nationally, and 20 with women.Bye, little hands!
liar.
go trump
My point exactly! Why would I need to calm my 80 year old neighbor every time they show herr face on TV!

So wait, this one's "rigged" right?
All those polls are fake because it's propaganda to INTIMIDATE the voters.
thanks for acknowledging the poll Trump just posted is fake. People need to know!
@jagesteban This isn't true. Try a scientific poll.
But it's rigged!!! Can't trust MSM
loser what polls you looking at
in your wildest dreams #ImWithHer
Sad that Donald still believes he'll win.
Check out the NBC-WSJ poll. Ray of sunshine for you.
hahaha so your glad to be loosing? As long as it's close?
Check out the BBC poll is Clinton +11!
, that's not true you jackass!! Why do you lie? I thought the polls were rigged??
So THIS poll isnt a fraud because youre not losing as bad? Does voter fraud disappear if u win the election too!?
TRUMP WILL BE GREAT FOR WOMEN. WE KNOW WHAT HILLARY'S MUSLIMS DO TO WOMEN.

go prepare for the debate.  Stop tweeting. Act responsibly. Talk about issues, policies and not personal issues. Redundant
must not be real. After all you did just say that the numbers are rigged
bahahahahaha... You are delusional if you think you have ANY chance of winning... Hahaha...
you are winning & we know it & they know it.They are so desperate, the lies, the NC events. They know.But we will not hide!
@ResidentOfFL
idiot
bullshit
WE NEED THE WOMEN VOTE  THE STAKES TOO HIGH CHOOSE TRUMP OVER HC WHO IS EVIL

@RightAsRain7 Keep up the good work. Trump/Pence signs up in front yard today!!!
more lies Denying Donald. Not part of this poll -- Delusional Don lying again. Pinocchio nose
Even that poll says you're still the LOSER. Yet this one:

you aren't winning Donny
