trump is going to lose bc people r not stupid #EarlyVote #KeepTexasRed #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
 Except for those people that believe it's all Putin's fault.
when it comes to trump it's always someone else's fault
like Benghazi & private email servers and such. 
the ONLYreason why he doesn't have a political scandal yet is bc he hasn't been in politics yet
That's not a very solid argument to defend #HillaryClinton , but 
he'shad crookeddeals &scandals in every part of his personal &professional life political'snext
you left the "s" off she's.
Delusional much?
Especially on the question when you talked about honoring the election results. "We'll see." Classy, very presidential.
it was

no you didn`t
what was with Hillary s lit podeum  again
Hillary the lying Robot vs. Trump the honest Abe.
@EdRogersDC don't you hate the @washingtonpost, you know, you being a sexual assaulter and them writing about it...
you won the second also, I don't understand how anyone can say you didn't.
Trump WON ALL THREE!!!!!!!   
Nope. You are lying. AGAIN
.@realDonaldTrump this isn't exactly a glowing review of your performance. Did you read past the headline?
That's grading you on the curve because you didn't "completely" implode. LOL

#winning 
W
'Won' is the understatement of the century... 'Destroyed' is more appropriate
HRC gave the U.S. nuclear response time. That's classified information!! https://twitter.com/6bird4/status/788964007491231744 … You should run with it!
Hillary is so careless with security she just gave away our nuclear response time on national TV #debatenight 
hmm checked the Washington Post website and it clearly states that HRC won.

, Donald Trump lost the last debate bigley. Hillary Clinton ripped Donald Trump a new one!!!
Iran Still Kidnapping US Citizens, Wants 'Billions' in Ransom
Isn't this election rigged by the media?  You're not helping your case.
Congrats Donald.  Now, let´s go win the election! Millions of VOTERS are supporting the movement and others are waiting!

joke
lol no one is saying that
check every online poll... only the shillary shills masquerading as journalists are and only idiots believe
in your delusional dreams

WRONG
@EricTrump @washingtonpost just delusions
@KatrinaPierson @washingtonpost  Not the one I watched.
No puppet no puppet... You're the puppet... You're there puppet... 

Spoilt little brat!
I wonder if Clinton will blame Putin for the stomping she took in the 3rd debate?
You're on drugs 
The article is rigged, you said so earlier.
Opinion not news look at every other news source you lost
WRONG
Not according to the polls... LOL
guess who those polls show losing the election?
Look at the national polls bud

bullshit. #MadamPresident will get >400 EVs
what's bull shit is trump supporters denying all the facts. I wonder what you will think when mr trump loses on nov 8.
You have had the wool pulled over your eyes by crooked Hillary.  Watch "Hillary's America" on DVD.  Unreal
you know what's horrifying?  Late term abortion!
Can you give masturbation tips to people that also suffer from small hands?
Your life must be stressful
That's another #CrookedHillary bot. Perhaps we can find out how many there r in #PodestaEmails12
He is learning how to be a politician.Look how far he has come in 18 months. Nobody gave him any slack for being a beginner
it makes up, speaks, acts and makes jokes, hey mister, you are a clown!
you all are falling into @Crooked Hillary's black widow web.  Please watch "Hillary's America"
once informed of real Hillary watching DVD 'Hillary's America" U regret ever liking her
'SNIFF'
You also said the Republican Primary was rigged, then you won it. So it isn't rigged unless you win? LOL what a joke.

@EdRogersDC .... now come again?
you're delusional. You didn't win the third debate
Got that from the Post, huh. And how about Newsmax? Breitbart?
*underwhelmed*
Even CNN's focus group says Trump won.
Please - for the love of god - without mentioning your hate for HRC, tell me why you like this dolt.
I would rather have an experienced driver instead of the test car dummy driving me
Are you calling Hillary's experience good experience? Please, she was the worst SoS.
do I need to post you a list of what she has done her 30 years? And you post a list of his
WHO decided the winner in the debate,
Depends on who you ask. #scaredshitlessoftrump
And you won the third debate without being fed the questions ahead of time. Lying Hillary can't do that.
dude says you were not entirely awful for the 1st time ever and you're flaunting it like a fucking gold medal
damn, boy. rip his ass.
You will win Sir, World need peace & good relation between  two superpower (USA and Russia)  & rest of the world
Yes Time To Make America Great, Congratulation Sir.
how did he win it
wooow you actually followed the rules of the debate??? So that makes u a winner? take ur million dollar loan and leave pls
You got your ass handed to you.
you are delusional to think that Hillary was even close.
You'll be delusional when Hillary wins the election in 19 days. Get ready.
John , go find a job-Hillary have you on food stamps -Go get a job lazy- That is why you support crooked Hillary
This Cuban American will never support a wannabe strongman with ties to Russia.
What you support Ties with ISIS ?
wut?
dreaming
Congrats!
.


haha thats funny
he won the second and third
she should count her own lies
.@realDonaldTrump
Dude. It's Ed Rogers. Ed Rogers. Dude.
Wait, you don't mean the ACTUAL Ed Rogers, do you?  @HadriansDad @realDonaldTrump
The very same hack who thought Michelle Bachman should be the VP choice in 2012.
you want to open liable laws for the media. Cough, social media. My first amendment. Bk yourself
.....But that doesn't mean he won the debate.
said no one
bahahahahahaha if by winning you mean losing voters then; yea you won.
No, sorry he lost all three. As always unprepared and let Hillary get under his skin. Wrong Wrong Wrong.
GOOD LUCK POTUS WITH THE FIXED POLITICS YOU WILL NEED IT.....
guess you're WRONG sometimes too! http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5808dfa2e4b0dd54ce389b61 …?
please denounce all the horrible hate that is happening in your name. Surprise the haters, show kindness and unite the USA.
Stay unpredictable Mr. Trump.  It's one of your best qualities.  You've got my vote.  #TrumpPence16
that's not a quality we want in a president
Yeah, it is. Big part of why he wins
Trump is putting on a show & duping his base with a fake anger
http://thebea.st/1QoGHbh 
This is about @realDonaldTrump making money
He has no desire to be President, its just entertainment
Sure buddy.  You don't think his brand has taken a hit?
I think he has made no legitimate effort to win but just enough to stay in the race
His performance means he's a complete idiot, mentally unstable or simply entertaining
Hillary 2016 get ready to call her Madam president Clinton
S, does that translate into a win on 11/8, in ur opinion ?
We don't know yet. Remember electorate college makes it so it's pretty much 4 States decides this election now @jw67hammond @realDonaldTrump
ty, u'd be tough to play poker with, bet ur good !!
 @jw67hammond @realDonaldTrump
exactly !!!
all you did was keep your mouth shut and not sniff excessively #nicejob @EdRogersDC
worked didnt it
nah. Trump is a nuisance.
at least hes not a hypocrite
Are you kidding? He's a liar, a bigot and many other things. #somanyfailedbusinesses
shes in same boat and bren doing it for 40 yrs
Either way, Hillary is much more competent.
LOL!  You are a funny, funny guy!
Rogers is the only one saying that. The universal consensus is that you lost. Bigly. @washingtonpost

no bearing/class at all. How can you lie and say you never mocked a disabled person when there are videos. You can't hide
No you didn't.  You're a cheeto skinned fucknuckle with the mentality of an immature 8 year old.
Hands down. Voting Trump
I AGREE
@EdRogersDC no he did not!  He lost... BIGLY!!!
it's literally just congratulating you for being less of a human dumpster than usual??
@hillaryclinton     You only won if Hillary would have not showed up, did the   throw you  your game, if you had one!
Yes, you won the 3rd debate (in my view) but you *must* reach out to Millennials HERE'S HOW: http://GordonWayneWatts.com/tips 
you have my vote
only in your pathetic warped little mind.. You can't ficus more than 20 minutes probably why all you business failed
@EdRogersDC WRONG!!! Donald you didn't win the third debate, wake up!!!
no you didn't!  Lol @HillaryClinton won all 3 debates!  Don't you watch the news???
you have my vote Mr. TRUMP
okay...Let's see who wins the general.
U do realize this is OPINION piece by a trumpoid, right? It's not like it is any kind of in-depth analysis.
" he is not scripted, speaks from heart, HC does not have a plan, it's the power first , second, third....
You lost.Without a doubt.Dementia is kicking in
BAHAHAHAHA!
@EdRogersDC Keep telling yourself that...maybe you will begin to believe it. #nastywoman#I'mwithher
#loser #youreadouche #fromdouchetoloser
Does this mean you will admit you lost the first two badly?
on what planet?
said absolutely NO ONE!!!
Trump supporters who were injured at DT rallies should sue the DNC, Democrat party & HRC. DNC & Dems operate like thugs.
No. You didn't. You sounded like a child throwing a tantrum.
Funny, you and Ed are the only ones who thinks that...
You didn't win any of the debates and you sucked at the Al Smith Dinner ...
you seriously lost the 1st, 2nd and 3rd debate with the 3rd being the worst yet for you!  Give up LOSER!
if by winning you mean he showed up, then nah...he barely showed up. Snifff
dumb ass Wallace didn't press her on pay to play. He didn't press her on anything
With this tweet you're coming across as a spoiled, self indulged baby.  Someone who thinksonly of hislef before country.
You should add "MAKE WASHINGTON HONEST AGAIN"!
Maybe in Trumpland but not in the real world.
so when they write something good about you, they are not a bad newspaper. Got it.
hell really is going to freeze over for the post to admit this
@IvankaTrump Good Morning!
Who won the 3rd debate?

NBC: Clinton 46 - Trump 37
CNN: Clinton 52 - Trump 39…
LIES you keep wishing that GAHAHAH @realDonaldTrump @washingtonpost
Donald Trump won all 3 debates with Hillary Diane Rodham ... #MAGA
.@realDonaldTrump From article "Trump has helped Clinton out by running a campaign that has been a complete misfire"

Boy, is @POTUS kicking the ass of @realDonaldTrump in Miami right now. Mocks his bromance with Putin. Whining.  Childish behavior.
first line: "He didn’t implode, he didn’t blither, he didn’t continually interrupt ". U won bc u acted like ur 10 & not 5?
not even close, you got rattled and lost your way. Need to crush Hilary. @thedetroitcast
In his bloated head perhaps.
actually all polls site you lost #DonaldCrybaby
@EdRogersDC  bullshit article
you are a legend in your own mind.
Wake up Trump...your dreaming...OK...you're awake now..sorry to tell you little man but you lost the debate
did that poll include anyone outside of your own family? Every poll I've looked at says you lost....again
#nasty Hillary wishful thinking
She was finally asked some tough questions.
No way! No explanation about policies only what you'd do,not how you'd do it involving your own party with their support
or maybe it's just Ed Rogers that lost his mind. That article doesn't at all describe what I witnessed on Wednesday.
He also clearly won the second one too!
U know that The Post ALSO said Hillary won the debate, RIGHT?? #KeepinItRealPhilly
@EdRogersDC This is an op-Ed, not a factual news story!
cool now read all the other reports on who won

Trump was, is & always will be a worthy opponent. And BTW, U won the last 2 debates, no question.
to bad  but you alone lost the election.
so now they're your new best friend????
Boy...that "rigged" media!!! #nevertrump #pantsonfiretrump #lasttimetrumppaidtaxes #failingtrump #imwithher #teamhillary
And the Taj Mahal was a huge success.
@EricTrump @washingtonpost NOPE.
@dongraff2 continue to believe what you wish..it's going to be a long long fall off the cliff
in his fantasy world
Wrong. As HRC said, you "choked".
Wrote a Republican l
120 %. Schooled that criminal. Voting Trump.
False. Every scientific poll shows that #trump lost the debate (all 3 in fact), but facts don't matter to #trump.
When are you releasing your returns? Audit excuse is a LIE. Sad!
Really? Did you take some drugs before the debate and didn't see your debacle? Once again....wrong!
It says for the 1st time yet you look like an opponent, a stretch -most remember "Bad Hombres"
Of course you have  won all of them.
WRONG !!
Think he did well on the two before.
I call BS!!! She won!!!
@EdRogersDC and yet you still complain about it - not the mark of a winner
yea baby
so off base from reality. #sad
You gotta watch Obama on CNN now....you are toast
Funny, I thought this orange fuck hated the Washington Post.
This was just an editorial he lost as usual. Look at the polls.
Donald you are a very SAD individual who's #circlingthedrain
I watched. Trump did not win. He couldn't answer the questions with any real knowledge. SAD!!
why didn't you ask Hillary when Chelsea's abortion would have been okay 9 months 8 months 7 months?
LOVE IT
The best way for you to ensure a Clinton win is to just keep talking.
no sprinkles for your ice cream Donald, sprinkles are for winners hahahaha
Rigged. LMAO
had a dream U actually did a tweet and didn't blame anybody else and took responsibility! Only in a dream!
lol NOPE.
#pulltheplug #heslosingitbihlysosad
"Trump won 3rd debate" - WaPo "Uh, hell no he didn't!" - Anybody With Eyes And Ears. #FOH #debate
Did you read the article?  It wasn't saying you did great,  it's stating you didn't mess up as bad.....
you got to go your only a 4 , trump lost the debate.
Is this a joke graphic? I read every national front page headline at the Newseum in DC today, ALL said HRC won debate. ALL.
it's not a choose your own adventure book. Nice try. WRONG YOU LOSE
And thats according to Donald Trump. What i saw was a very angry, frustrated, sniff sniff high old man.
In your dreams Crooked Donald!
if Hilary wins, does she take the nuclear control systems back to her old living quarters with a new server to play with?
Time to drug & aptitude test the Washington post.
Maybe they are similar to Com Man Donald and just don't know anything
How's the weather on your planet.? Doesn't standing on your head get exhausting?
Trump - Projection is a very ugly attribute of a loser such as yourself.
the Post? U won't even allow them to cover your rallies! U hypocrite
Let's hope America was paying attention ...  which is pretty hard for half the country to do.
