that's because Hillary could torch a school bus full of children and get away with it.
Support for Hillary is earned thru deception not results. She knows that all too well.
Isn't 41% about the number of Voters that @realDonaldTrump got? @THEREALMOGUL
isn't there something we can do. Shouldn't the voter committee going to every polls station and investigating
trust. You'll not attempt to aid in the destruction of all our Unions as through our Training and Dedication
it's okay if the dead voters are white Republicans
cuz their stupid for listening to u. U r losing fair and square, get over it!
God is bigger than their fraud! We pray God will let you win!! No one can stop His will!
grabbing pussies?
keep ur chin up , we women r for u , more than u think r even than they say , love
don't believe them Trump , they r lying and we know this , ignore them
If you believe that why not just quit now? You will lose big because 59% of Americans know you're unfit! #POS

Most of us now actually feel you stole it. Yet oddly you no longer seem concerned with a fair election. #stolenElection
How'd that "voter fraud" work out for you? Now you can't have your TV station.  Uh-Oh!
October 18, 2016: the day that @realDonaldTrump proved he's a loser cuck. He let his staff take away his Twitter account after this tweet.
Your mouth, shitty attitude and lies are the reasons you will lose this election.
We will survive & win- Trump-Pence victory!!
it was already rigged just like what they did to Bernie Sanders
@HillaryClinton Based on Trump logic, there must have been fraud when every other President was elected also
I hope Trump Team has gleaned thru emails and nail her tonight
“All of the women on ‘The Apprentice’ flirted with me — consciously or unconsciously. That’s to be expected.”

maybe 41% of your followers, the rest of us who are not gaslighted by you call bullshit.
sad that you've misled them once again
@DavidCornDC
"Widespread voter fraud" is a myth without evidence, similar to "Trump intelligence."
He missed the article's conclusion: "Given the evidence Trump has supplied, we rate his claim that large scale voter fraud exists as FALSE."

#Trump flirting with Ms. Scotland in 2010: "She's beautiful. She might want to work in sales." http://www.TrumpedFilm.com  
@TrumpedMovie Ooh  that's just sooo terrible...
http://trumpedfilm.com  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/trump-fails-to-create-promised-jobs-and-investment-in-scotland-locals-say-a6801466.html …
yes cuz u follow Hitler's & Goebbles strategy:
Do you get that this is because of YOU putting it out there 24/7? Tell a lie and repeat it often enough.
omg! So sick of the Donnie

EXPOSE THEM ALL---JUST LIKE YOU DID WITH t.c.  JEB, and the rest---expose them all  P.R. AND THE REPUBS TO
Who wore it better?
taking the page right from Hitler. The bigger the lie, the more likely it will be believed.  Well done, nazi
.@realDonaldTrump @teamcombover16 @THEREALMOGUL If they say it's .41 we know it's higher than that.
#HillaryClinton #SinsAgainstHumanity
41% of Americans skipped government and civics class.
Election theft is terrible! Please explain how that conspiracy has infiltrated the 3100+ counties in the US.
trump is a idiot!
more emails Liar Hillary the true you is emerging fast
Foreigner-sources officials said if American People know the truth entire USA Gov. will collapse. Corruption!
you are a clear and present danger to Democracy, to America and to the world...something is going on..
she destroyed evidence, lied to congress had her staff plead the 5th. Yes, something big is surely going on
And legal experts found only 31 cases of voter fraud in one billion votes cast but let’s not let facts stop you WHINING
It's trump's out card. After being humiliated on November 8th, he can claim the election was stolen. LOSER!
You're a liar and you're going to do irreversible damage, maybe even get people hurt, because your ego can't accept a loss.
Hillary has already gotten people hurt..no..killed!
Please don't follow this up with a meme full of names and no corroborating evidence, I'm good.
Smear campaign like Killary runs...dirty politics cause she is afraid.
The lead of what?
The election
No, seriously. The lead of what?
so sexual assault is ok? Wow
You're a terrible person
Follow me if you don't support @realDonaldTrump.
I support him 100%. Never would I support a career corrupt politician.
hey you and Putin both love fascism. I'm sure Russia would love to have you on 11/8 when DT LOSES
You're stupid instults won't stop my vote. Only helps me understand type of peeps who support HRC
you're vote doesn't matter. He has an 11% chance of winning. So just start house shopping in 
I would NEVER leave, and all votes count.Your manipulation reveals the type of person you are.Sad
I'm not trying to sway ur vote Mensa I'm saying America is a democracy. U don't like it cuz ur voting DT and Putin. Both fascists
I'm voting DT for MY reasons. I'm entitled to those reasons. No to HC's dream of open trade & borders.
Guess we know who George Zimmerman is voting for.
do you just follow trump around?
they got the idea from you and you've shown zero evidence. what you are doing is so wrong for our country.
Hillary calls people the "N" word, Bill tells Ted Kennedy that Obama "would have been getting my coffee."
Shows how stupid your supporters are. You're a racist misogynist liar and con-man: no need for voter fraud.
we can all keep firing insults back and forth, but we'll all get screwed by the politician.
Even Republicans know who's going to screw you worst
corrupt republicans don't want him in because he will spoil their games
I bet the contractors you've stiffed think the system is rigged too! #NeverTrump #DonTheCon
HRC rigging what industry is acceptable in her vision of America. Much more dangerous.
what is dangerous is ignorant people who think they know it all based on lies
Trumpa Loompa supporters fall into the ignorant people category
you are acting like a spoilt child. You've spent your whole life getting what you want. Well you can't buy the Presidency.
When you've received preferential treatment your entire life, I'm sure a fair contest feels like oppression.
Preferential treatment? You mean like our entire GOVERNMENT covering for THE LYING CRIMINAL NAZI, Hillary? Like that?
the key word here being 'believe'; this is just opinion. Which you're promoting. Just lose with grace.
I feel bad for the mentality of 41% of Americans
I feel for all of us if she gets in and continues to play political games with our lives.
You haven't commented yet on this allegation like the others
Yes..if you read you're own article it says he denies allegations. All bullshit.
I've read article but he says not to trust MSM unless u hear from him directly
Go trust Hillary then.. Fool.
Do you have a substantive point?
It is a lawsuit for MONEY
I make no judgement of guilt or innocence 

But I J Simpson was sued successfully for money - does that make him innocent?
Here is a link
does this mean you're arming your militia?
No, this means Hillary & the demcrats will call Marshall Law after the election.
In addition to being an intellectual giant, Suzi's also a Spelling Bee Champ!
Good luck with your life if HRC wins. Look forward to that Burka.
i believe it
Not gonna happen this time round.The People want voter fraud challenged. He's Now Our Vocie. We Will Fight.
Those grapes were sour anyhow!  You tell 'em you orange fox you.
Maybe is the same 41% who don't believe in evolution, Don't you think? No, you don't
You are delusional!  The only reason you will lose is because you are you! #whineylittlebitch
wrong
Be diligent.  Make America great again.
lies
no shit. that's the same 41% votin for ya.
Quit whining. Ur laying the ground work after u lose. Keyword "could". Anything "could" happen. But it won't
I've been thinking a lot lately about words that begin w the letter "T" like TYRANY-TRAITOR-TERRORIZE-TRUMP
POLITICO the TMZ of the internet
seriously. Men don't whine, they earn what is right for them.  U r disgrace Trump.
believing does not make it true. Truth makes it true.
Mr. Trump Im in your camp but I plead with you to stay with the countries big issues during the debate #sticktolargeissues
fact voter fraud: 38 cases out a billion no where near enough to sway an election! Again lies!!
E-verify all voters!
only Donald thinks so
NOTHING FICTIONALIZED about claiming he grabs women by the pussy.Patreus went to jail for telling secrets
Bigotry is a Shame, Not a value
The 41% of gullible voters.
we need more than 41 % !!
https://youtu.be/U_hHjtKSS4c 
Where did you get this statistic?
If @HillaryClinton wins the election is rigged? But if you win it's not? Sounds like sour grapes bad sport @THEREALMOGUL
So 41% of American voters buy the s**t you're shoveling: that IS disheartening.
The true fraud is you! Third rate entertainer, first rate sexual offender!
Agree 19 states don't require ID 2vote .illegals,Refugees,non U.S.Citizens will vote for USA Prez.Rt#Rigged
Notice how donnie tweets out personally to his one remaining supporter?
lie a magician trick we are smarter than you
defeat republican election fraud, Democrats Defend the right to vote
So if you win, then you're claim victory from a rigged election? lol. #EADTrump
STOP #VoterFraud
#Wikileaks
#FreeJulian
#Pray4Julian
#VoteTrump
#Pray4TrumpPence

Trend: #NoTrumpNoAmerica
people being misinformed about facts because you misinformed them doesn't make the facts different you dolt.
BecauseTrump said widespead voter fraud? Face facts TRUMP most people just don't like U! I've seen U live.UGH
,r u really.going to dis every one or stick to issues?! So disappointing to get in the swamp w HRC
Why did hiliary throw a glass of water at one of her staffer's face after being interviewed by Matt Lauer?
where is the proof of voter fraud??
Stay on message, ECONOMY, SECURITY & SAFETY.  Red shirts will vote for Trump/Pence  on 11/8. "MAGA"
Everyone please watch  #ProjectVeritasAction https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDc8PVCvfKs … #DrainTheSwamp #Trump2016 #VoterFraud
and 60 per cent dont schmuck
Paranoid much? He's a joke, that's why he's going to lose.
no fraud, you just can't take the beating
voter fraud:a myth perpetrated to pass ID laws to keep people from voting. Shows how dumb your supporters are
you betcha
41% of the voters are delusional. 15 years yielded around 20-30 out of a billion votes to be fraudulent.
President Obama said it best: #StopWhining
Only an idiot would run a year and a half campaign in an election that they knew was rigged against them.
The real mogul who lost a billion dollars and then claimed he was a genius for his accountants write off
and you are inciting violence or threat of violence in polling stations that host many blacks and Hispanics
just cause they believe it, don't make it true. ur going DOWN!
I am abeliever #shameful
Stop Whining!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z04wG5O3saA …
@Victori71012315 @THEREALMOGUL
you can't be behind by 8 points in the poles and then claim you were robbed, unless your the DOPE Donald
no it's due to him#psycho
That's what happens to when you found that you are going to lose. Bigly. Take your ball and go home. Whiner.
elites dont vote but the poor watch tv & are grasping to social programs promised by HRC & dnc
Deplorables maybe?
@Marnssj @THEREALMOGUL given what happened to Bernie Sanders, it's not that we believe it could be stolen, we KNOW it could
So 41% of the American population are that gullible huh? Do you guys NOT understand how government works?
@malinda75322 @THEREALMOGUL Gosh why would they think that?!
Wow they must be stupid people.
@fanofthetrump @THEREALMOGUL And try to smile sometimes so you don't look so hard, that might be good for women voters!
After what I've been reading I'm starting to believe it too #Rigged
. That's pretty sad. Americans don't trust the system and who can blame them.
We won't let that happen.
And I hope it is stolen from you. You have no moral compass, you demean women and muslims. You're a child.
you're a child. It's "rigged" if you lose but not if you win? Sounds like the logic of a 4-year-old child.
Donald for President
You are the only fraud and liar and wacko.
WHINERS! U LOST election before it even happend. ACCEPT DEFEAT and GO HOME. #maga #TrumpPence2016 #NeverTrump
Oh get real bozo!
Those Americans need to get a brain. Trump is stealing it from himself.
the American people need to show our strength and show up at the polls #DrainTheSwamp
ROFLMAO!
the only one who thinks that is you..#soreloser
Innocent until proven guilty w/o shadow of doubt: otherwise all is slander, liable, hearsay. I applaud who UR +who U will B
What's up with John Kerry shutting down Wikileaks and signing a treaty with the UN Friday  re US firearms
I DO BELIEVE THAT BECAUSE I HAVE LOST FAITH IN OUT ELECTORAL SYSTEM.  There are no rules any longer. ILLEGALS VOTING? NO!!
Talkabout your policy the hope Americans can have.And 4 the love of God drop the conspiracies. #TrumpPence16
out of a billion votes cast -there has been 37 instances of voter fraud. Where are the facts to back up claim
confirmed w/ new video from @JamesOKeefeIII #VoterFraud & #RiggingElections from the #Democrats @ #HRC @EricTrump
voter fraud isn't widespread
I believe it.. hillary is crooked as a Ole winding trail in the foothills of KY
nonsense, stay on message
It's the economy stupid!
you just don't want to admit defeat.
Yeah, it's because they're suffering from cognitive dissonance.
as long as people do not need an ID to Vote there will be massive FRAUD
Ofcourse, and the RIGHT cannot doanything abt this
#stopwhining
That is something I agree with you on Donald
that is my fear. How can we protect our vote, even the ones we mail from our homes?
well, democracy is a bitch 59% believe it will not be stolen. No even you VP believe that,ask Melania
I PRAY THAT WE CAN STOP IT BEFORE 11/08/2016.  Nothing is honest with the democrats.  Liberals are despicable
GET THE FACTS BEFORE YOU TWEET
@cranstonbill please drive home the point that the election is rigged because the VOTING is rigged
you might as well give it up everybody knows Hillary will win ha ha and you can crawl back into the hole ha.
focus on understanding those wiki leaks. Pick an issue and stand on it during debate
50% of Americans are deplorable and dumb AF
no one that I know is in that 41%. Donnie needs to be accountable for his roll and not winning.
trump is the biggest #loser. He is an embarrassment to America
these same people think evolution is false and dinosaurs lived 5000 years ago
You can't steal from someone who never had the thing to begin with. You're a LOSER.


deplorable
@kevincorke @THEREALMOGUL

Democrats stole TX & IL in '60. It worked for them once already. No wonder they oppose voter ID.
Supervisors of elections better make sure they do they do they their jobs!
Tell Obama FACTS. Qualifications 4 president: 35 yrs age, resident w/in U.S. for 14 yrs, +natural born Citizen. PERIOD
NOT TRUE!
41% of Americans also believe this nonsense: http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/half-of-americans-believe-911-conspiracy-theories_us_5804ec04e4b0e8c198a92df3?ncid=tweetlnkushpmg00000067 …
you never would have made it out of NH if the voters knew everything they know now..you're  a hack!
