it's not half the size of your ego
Ciboyproduct .When I was 15 . I defined who I was a Product From Central Islip .at 15  I felt I was still a Boy.
The Principal was very Nice to Me . I Stood out as a Student people had admiration for me enough to Use a 12 in Blade .yes
I WATCHED 4 MALE SENIORS IN THE  SUN FRAME OUT A STAND AND PUT UP TRUMP FOR POS SIGN. THE SMILES ON THEIR FACES. GREAT
Trump's rallies are "non-violent lovefests"
Here's my latest: The Trump Train music video. Get on board! #MAGA #ChooChoo  
Hillary supporters are much more nicer
Most of them are.
Thanks to the George W Bush admin.
Donald trump is totally unfit to serve on every level.

thought you going to block me....
Cant help yourself can you?
How much did that billboard cost DonTheCon? Let's see those taxes, how many Pam Bondi issues are you hiding? DonTheCon
@oscaraham, Trump must win. Kerry & d Democrats sees southern  Nigeria as a conquered territory and d Fulani's as our boss
Trump has Bill Board Power.
Mr. Trump Please, please, please tighten your own security. Ol timey Repuks are snakes in the grass. Peace
I think that's a good representation. The Trump name surrounded by disappointing real estate. #LoserDonald #TYT
Something that happens 2 happens 3 times. see u back in PENSACOLA,FL.  as" PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP"!
America First
AMERICA FIRST YESSS PRESIDENT TRUMP MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN WE ARE BEHIND YOU GOD BLESS AMERICA
Pensacola TRUMP VOTERS! Pls ask TRUMP if he is AWARE of what @SenateMajLdr @marcorubio are REALLY PLANNING to do after passingTAX CUT for the RICH! They are coming for SS, MEDICARE and MEDICAID to PAY for DEFICIT 1T$! ASK TRUMP, pls!
the World is starting to get it
OUR SENIORS in REAL DANGER if this “TAX VUT FOR THE 1% and LARGE CORPs” and the DEFICT increase of 1.5 Trillion really mean! OUR SS, MEDICARE,MEDICAID in REAL DANGER! READ what @marcorubio CONFESSED!
all of Florida for Trump , we want America to be great again .
LMFAO! That's about the only staff you have here in Florida! You're a joke!
Backing a coughing Crooked Lying establishment candidate like HilCough is the Joke!
A lot of accusations there Tony. You want Al Shapton for prez huh?
Or Jessie Jackson They Just dont get the Respect Thingy. China & Stairs NO RESPECT
I don't know who you are or what your background is. I am more concerned about Isis than the (1/6)
keep it going we need you !  We are falling apart quick.  Keep your promises. Don't be like the others.
support for a better America !! You are the only one for us.
FLORIDIANS are SCARED and OUTRAGEOUS after finding out what the “TAX CUT PLAN FOR THE RICH” really represents!!! EXPLAIN what @marcorubio REVEALED HERE!
@oscaraham, Trump must win, Biafrans in USA must make sure that they support  Trump massively,

wow look at those small hands
Gotta love photoshop 
You're thanking yourself for renting a billboard with your donors' money? #Sad #NotPresidential
Donors generally give money to help a candidate win, not to pay for self-congratulatory billboards.
Mira I was Famous in High School My First lover Stabb Someone in the  Bac Argueing over me with a 12 inch Blade .
the We Party
, your history of corruption is MIND-BOGGLING! Check out this partial list of your crooked crap:
@washingtonpost LOL.. maybe you should do as much research on your canidate #CrookedHillary hahhahahah
LMAO... then you woke up..wait you support Hillderbeast you will never wake up
I am so happy that you are my President. Latina loves AMERICA like you do. Are you coming to Pensacola?
Donald T" GET HER FOR THE "DEBATE" JUST RELAXED & U DA WINNER ALL DA WAY
Fascist trump

Donald, why are you losing in Texas?
GO BLUE!!
What do we  tell the Italian Americans who obeyed the law?
tebebe tesfa
For someone who claims to be an outsider, you sure act like a corrupt crooked insider http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-pam-bondi-trump-university_us_57cf2c6ce4b0a48094a64854 …?
2 corrupt, crooked smiling faces. #SmilingFacesTellingLies
Yeah, very cute it's a billboard with your name on it. But look at this. Ruh-roh:
Damn, does this con man have any legitimate businesses that aren 't under investigation for illegal activity
your taxes, fraud?
how did hillary become a 100 millionaire on govt salary?
7 investigations do NOT agree with you!

How is this corrupt con man going to fix WA? Most of his businesses and dealings are under investigations.
No, not really, only the wrong doers.  Everybody is not under investigation. #CleanHandsMatter
Trump brings out Record numbers! #TrumpPence16
Kerry is doing exactly what Trump had suggested all along in Iran.. Join with Putin to deal with problems. Trump was right.
Trump talks about shooting people on 5th Av., but it's HRC who's insane... Projection, much?
I have been praying for you and your family, that God will protect you from all evil.
SHOW US YOUT TAXES LOSER
COOL
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Pensacola, FL 7PM CT/8PM ET
Alright!!  Go Donald!
Are you coming further south into Florida? I'd like to say hi.
Six houses on my block-4 have Hillary signs in their yard-in Florida.
.@realDonaldTrump Idiocracy was prophetic.
Looking forward to seeing @realDonaldTrump in ASHEVILLE NC Monday #MAGA #TrumpTrain #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  @MalleusSports @EricTrump
you're actually going? Envy you. Give extra cheer for me.
@len_volkel went to Ocean City Ma last week and saw many Trump signs too. TRUMP2016!!!!
:that many idiot in Pensacola ???
I wanna see those tax returns, #lyindon
Can't wait! Hope to get in!! Have tickets!! 16 y/o grandson, Trenton, would love to meet the next president!! #Trump2016
Go Florida!
Will you please have your new justice dept. investigate Hillary after you are elected?
See you soon Papa Trump !!!!! Pensacola Loves You !!!
Patriotic Girl & Tattoo Momma
Marco has big ego he would love the attention & help in FLA. with hispanics
thashes the #Florida skyline with yet another vulgar tribute to himself. Please stay away. #BTW Where's your taxes?
Florida yard sign. Nobody is stealing that one.
loose lips sink ships is it possible the Democrats don't understand.
hahahh you goin?
stay the course!  Your doing great!  We all believe in you!  Trump/Pence 2016
Yess...this is how "we roll in Florida"!Its good to post signs whose territory your stepping on..Go go Trump Team!
No! I won't! Because! You use! too! many! exclamation points! Emphasis mine!
I was traveling from Va.to NJ this labor day weekend. There are a lot of big Trump signs on private properties.
@gcamp4 G-dautr=2016 TEAM USA 4 SBCS Baseball World Cup Busan S Korea took pic of Trump World. So excited Trump n S Korea!
head
Same one in ST.PETE GO TRUMP
If I vote for you will you promise to have your products "MADE IN AMERICA" MY VOTE IS WAITING
@MySchimke Watch for early voting by the military that's where Obama will screw the election over..  Attention country men!
The ballots will be "late" or "lost somewhere". The other way is the way O barfer did, ballotmachines
They are stirring a huge shit pile and the world can smell it!!!  I hope and pray Obama falls in it!!


u paid for that u ass!!,it's illegal for a town to do that!!
How can we win? Obama will naturalized new influx from the Sudan, Somalia to increase dem.votes.
What a mess for America
How much did your foundation donate for that? What a joke!
what will the America haters say when you become POTUS? Maybe they will all move to s country that better suits them I hope
https://twitter.com/Jollarn/status/767791240188395521 …
Thank you for making a huge sign, likely at taxpayer expense, with my name on it
..Bill Bradley has lost his mind.
please don't.

One sign will not help you, bud.  Get a job. LOSER
wow.. wohh.. wahh..yeehaa.. you ain't presidential or disruptive. You are an embarrassment of the GOP and this country.
WE NEED YOU FLORIDA...EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN MUST GET OUT AND VOTE FOR TRUMP 
       VOTE TRUMP 
#Florida4Trump #FloridaVoteTrump  EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN MUST GET OUT & VOTE..YOUR VOTE IS NEEDED!
Pensacola - how much did Trump pay you to put that sign up?
Clinton has a 4-point lead in North Carolina, and a 5-point edge in Pennsylvania http://www.politico.com/blogs/swing-states-2016-election/2016/09/poll-trump-clinton-florida-ohio-227900#ixzz4JhAYhBSp …
knocked it out of the park last night on the commander in chief forum,  at least he answered the questions!
I saw this recently in Southern California, North County, San Diego :-) #MAGA  #NeverHillary
WOW, Love the sign!  Wish I could see it at night! Looks like it lights up?
Go Donald!
got r done
when will you be coming to Michigan especially Oakland County
@Politics_And_Sh
Daytona Beach FL, beach side at my house!I've road around town,1 #CrookedHillary sign,many #Trumps
when can we see you in Jacksonville Florida
Florida loves you!!
don't let Hillary get away with her lies about Benghazi
Good luck Donald! Hillary will not win!!!
Follow & I will RT you
don't waste money on Florida, You've already lost Florida. You better go to Texas she's beating you there, too. Orange head
Come November 8th America will see that presidents are selected not elected.
that sign is not in Pensacola.  Most of the people who meet you here are don't even know where to vote nor care.
we'll drive up there if my husband & I can shake your hand!
you won't win florida
Should be your head on that giant stick.
I'll be there! TRUMP for president in 2016!
we want one of these billboards in New Mexico too!
.. think positive
Shut up Obama. You are so unfit as US President that u dont have the credentials to say Trump is unfit. Trump is competent.
The world has no respect for Obama, a weakling. History will record Obama as incapable and who messed up the country.
One more place to avoid when spending tourist dollars.

there is one st. Louis .mo
Better place a guard around that sign; 'tolerant' Dem leftist zealots abound.
how much did u pay for that, mr huge ego?
I passed 9 barns painted Trump near  Warren Pa.  You are loved
Ever going to actually acknowledge this or do you just plan on buying her a business too? 
you are amazed by a billboard?  Wtf is wrong with you, sociopath?
yes we will. Bringing three year old Granddaughter who says Trump is my HERO.
You're sick.
Stay out of Pensacola Friday people!The idiot that didn't pay children for performing is coming back not to pay again!Fraud
Home of the Blue Angels!
love the name of the place, Pensacola.
WE, and so many more #military will be there. #MAGA
Awesome! By the way, lots of ATTORNEYS in TEXAS support Trump- both men and WOMEN!

#TimTebow   #Trump @_LyndaG1963 @a219224   @GoalieBill328 @SJavner @4ChrisPBacon @_wintergirl93 @NigelFarge @PamelaGeller
how much are the tickets? ##MRDONALDJTRUMP2016
no one will be able to vandalize this one
@slone
no. Thank you for warning me. I'll miss the assemblance of your militia.
.@realDonaldTrump Pensacola - home of the world's largest #swiiffer
wake up, your delusion is getting out if control! If you were great, you would be sand and mentally/literally consistent!
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS!  WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO HIDE?  OOOPS I MEAN LOSE?  MAN UP!

.@realDonaldTrump God Bless you and yours, Mr Trump! #MAGA #TrumpPence #GodBless @MichelleKOrts10 @CathyNagle #USA
Why are you thanking Pensacola? Didn't your campaign pay for the billboard?
do your thing big guy. Just as long as your gone by Saturday. I got plans down there with the family
for the record your Pac paid for that.
How freaking cool is this??? Wow!
ahhahahahaaa
looking forward to see you rally trump train :-)
#!#!#!Trump, say rebuilding and increasing the military will also make tons of jobs#!#!#! @seanhannity
stop trying to make a diverse country white again.
WTG Pensacola! Glad to see one of my FAVORITE PLACES is on my Trump Train!!!
Standing Tall.
crook #whineylittlebitch
Months ago I tweeted and suggested you use bill board ads on freeways. It will help.  Do it!
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!
http://bit.ly/2ciou6wFLORIDA  
That's an awesome sign Donald.People love you there,They need protection from refugees and ISIS!!
I am here 2 sell you aggregates 4 the wall #imyoursaleslady #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #donaldsupportswomen

my hero my saviour make America great again
@Kallaaaaaaaaaaa uhm what's this? I'd be ashamed if I were you smh
We need more signs like this all over the US
who's vehicle is at the base of the billboard? Couldn't be your guys could it? I'll bet 5 min later they chased you off
Does the other side say "Release Your Tax Returns"? It should! #NeverTrump
No thank you. I'd rather be fed to the #aligators 
<3 Drac
#NeverEverTrump
when you become president in November the gangsters will dissappear
Trump signs are all over the place in Florida. I haven't seen one sign for crooked Hillary.
Will your buddy Putin be there with you? I hear he writes your speeches. Good boy...now here's another bone.
please stay where you are
