just remembered you asked for this ....the world is on your shoulders, not your pocketbook.
@newtgingrich  Newt Gingrich for Secretary of State!
we love you, Mr. Trump 
What are you doing? Evidently not attending intelligence briefings.Do you get you briefings elsewhere?
doing great sir doing great
ok, did Putin get back to you already approving your selections?
cancel your "I love me and all who don't are liars" tour
You haters are ridiculous!
just drain the swamp. Saw a bumper sticker today that said elect Hillary for prison.  That was my big LOL then.
Like the exposed Russian hacker pictured here!  #BUSTED
You are so guilty of treason. It will come out. All of it.
You're so embarrassing, it almost makes a noise...

You're going to be impeached if you don't to something about all of the "conflicts of interest" - You are not God.
You're doing great Mr President. Don't listen to the cry babies and hateful angry losers.
HOW DO I TAKE CARE OF A CAT WITH A COLD? #MAGA
go to a feed store and get antibiotics for small animals and give then to your cat.. or go to a vet duh
Fun. So you won't be giving us a date when you'll be discussing your massive conflicts of interest?
isn't "other topics of interest" specific enough for you????
That would be appreciated by the electorate PEOTUS.
After all~
#YouWorkForUsNowTrump
Once you hide everything?
blah, blah, blah
already trying to fix the trading agreement with china, keep it up 
.@realDonaldTrump Whoops sweetie was this supposed to be internal to your staff?
Sweetie?  That's a nice way to address your president elect. Seems to be your word of choice. No manners, sad
This is not a president who gives a fuck about manners.
and you do, hahahaha don't insult our intelligence.
first
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moon light?
should hold a press conference every Tuesday morning & Thursday afternoon, whether it is needed or not.

Mr. Trump, the war on your presidency has started. The media as usual is their mouth. You should start your own website to
Please stop being busy with rage tweeting and start being busy with informing yourself + untangling conflicts of interest.
You have NOT had a press conference since July, yet you can set the dates for four more "thank you" rallies!
avoiding the press? In bed with Russia and Putin? Treason.
land doesn't vote
2.85 million people voted for Clinton than trump. The people elected Clinton, the system chose trump
maybe you should have been whining about this before he got elected
and the super delegates in the dem party, total bs
and what about your tax returns?
_ You were not elected by the people. You ave yet to show you will work for America.. and middle class.
don't get too comfortable- I see impeachment in your future. #yafired
What do you think of #Aleppo ? Please tell us the world needs you to tweet your unfiltered thoughts about it right now.
@fox_cnn, I note your profile pic with wry bemusement since your guy genuflected to the Saudi King like he was wearing a tutu.
It was kind of a bow and a curtsey.  A bowtsey. 
maybe you could announce sooner if you weren't on an "I love myself so much" tour
Great spray tan Donald!
Do America a favor and don't appear on TV, Twitter, the radio, in the newspaper, on a billboard in an elevator. Anywhere.
Sure you will liar.
no you won't. You are ducking the press. Can't wait to read the @Newsweek article tomorrow.
What Newsweek article?
Tomorrows.
better liar better rape enabler
they both lied but to what degree?  Trump lies 70% of the time.
where did you get that percentage from Snowflake?
omg.  Where have you been?
OMG I haven't been listening to the fake news
no.  You haven't been listening to any news.
according to the 25th amendment, the VP & 8 cabinet members can deem u unfit. So if you let pence pick your cabinet...
i want to press a conference in your pants
when exactly?
MANY CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!!!! YOU LOSER
@realDonaldTrump proud to be an American & hope for my future

When is this happening? #CrookedDonald
hasn't had a press conf in 160 days, perhaps more time needed to build a case that he's fit to be president. Not strange!
It's nice to see the push back to so much of the dysfunctional press
when another 6 months?
you're an embarrassment
Sir! Bravo! The best, most professional and presidential press conferences that I have seen since Reagan. #MAGA
We won't hold our breath.
except that you didn't. Sad!
Be sure to call on CNN. We love the entertainment.
congrats Donald on a well deserved win, could you help an old man out and repeal obamas executive order on ssi recipients.
So when can we expect your news conference about your business?????
Another topic of interest is who is the top and who is the bottom, u or Putin?
get rid of the neocons and EXPOSE PEDOPHILES IN GOVERNMENT.

support Biafra freedom in West Africa Nigeria
Sounds good to me! 
Hires a Lawfirm that has a "Russian Honor of the Year Award"  Lol....
And you have SNL to watch and pussy to grab. Cray cray.
did tou just say cray cray..you little cupcake?HAHAHAHAHAHA...I bet your moms so proud of you!
I BLOCK those. He's a spam troll.
lol..i feast on their tears...was feelin hungry!... #MAGA

Have you seen this yet?
You should tell everyone to be on the lookout for trolls noted in this brand new #WIKILEAKS dump. https://twitter.com/RedVote2016/status/808554519848173568 …
They will stop at nothing
I know something that would stop them dead in their tracks. It's coming.
You cancelled on the eve of when the Newsweek article is coming out.
You mean Newsweek scheduled the release right before his conference in order to derail it.
BINGO
Oh my... control yourself honey, your ignorant, classless self is oozing out.
You could have said "In one month I will hold a press conference."
The MAJORITY OF AMERICA does not care. You are a dangerous creature. The Majority will never respect you. Get use to it!!!!
@RJTheRealOne @realDonaldTrump Get used 2 the fact he'll be our President in a month!
He will always be seen as illegitimate and will never get respect of a unified country.
you must fight back against the #fakenews pushing the Russia hacked narrative! It's insane! Fight the liberals
I have news for you. It's not fake
the @nytimes article lied and said RNC was hacked, it wasn't, which was confirmed by FBI, the assessment had no evidence
sorry but you have your facts wrong
Do it before the Electoral College votes. Give the info they need to decide if you became prez because of Russians and FBI.
gives you more time to prep for your impeachment.
Good Night, it is Late Evening Herr #DONALD
Спокойной ночи, это поздно вечером господин Herr #DONALD
#ReleaseYourTaxes
yeah.  Like when?  After so many delays, it is pretty obvious you don't have the cojones for that

Keep an eye on Senators McCain, Graham, and Rubio.  Their comments thus far make me wonder about future support.
release your taxes.
yeah, sure, Donald. You are a tool.
Too busy so you can take a thank you tour?
#trumpisputinsbitch
it's hard work being America's Second Choice, isn't it, President Baby Hands?
Trump is addicted. Money is his vice/drug-wont quit. Kids = family=self interest. Only moronic people believe no conflict
- Yes meeting with Kanye West takes a lot of valuable time. Looser.
business? wtf are you going on about putz
you're trying to make America poor again... Thanks for entrancing the dumb ones.I'm not one of them. Nice try
As the racist attacks continue DT hides in his reality distortion field unaware of his compliance
You should've held one months ago. BTW: when did you have your last press conference? UR trying to hide ur ineptitude.
In the meantime, show us your taxes #divesttrump
GOD BLESS YOU! Power of positive thinking has changed my life! Make the ways straight again!
You'll never conduct a real press conference. You can't fool smart people!
you mean a rally?
Very Dissapointed with the Rick Perry pick.  My son works for DOE: he wants to close it down.  I usually agree not this one
don't believe your team will ever let u go off script in front of the press #TreasonousTrump
MUST HAPPEN BEFORE ELECTOR VOTE -- IF NOT YOU ARE CONTINUING TO HIDE DETAILS FROM PUBLIC
why hurry? Lets see what happens after 12/19
But, how does Kanye West fit into your plans, Mr. Trump, when I've been speaking w/ Rhona Graff for years asking for help?!
You say the press & media are corrupt, so just keep it on Twitter til they keep you out acting like a baby cuz someone didn't get his way!
how about the complete divestment of the hotel on leased land the American people own - rules are rules Donnieboy
But not so busy that you can't meet with Kanye? Do your job.
No you won't. You distract, divert, you postpone, you ignore. Just like you and your lawyers always do when on the defense
you already backed out
DONT talk to presss. DONT give them ammo. Keep your people off their shows.
please please don't pick Kanye for anything in Washington I'm warning you, you will lose a lot of support
we are still waiting for the conference
sell the businesses and give kids the $$$ if they are as good at business as claimed they can build their on empire
only things you are busy doing is making mockery of the job and doing damage to our country
you don't want to hold a press conference, you don't want to answer any questions.
sounds to me like a time management issue and you have not even started your term.
You haven't held a Press Conference since July and you want to do away with the WH Press Core. TRUTH WILL PREVAIL.  LIAR
Press conference?  And I have a bridge to sell you
Sure, just like Melania's press conference. #Loser
not to bust to meet with Kanya thought- you lazy POS.
promises, promises
not until after you're sworn in, right? Then you'll say that you're not changing your business ties at all! We know you...
tender your resignation you are a fraud and a phoney,
Nope too shady to do it before the @ElectoralCollege votes. You are unable to be honest.
Can you chill on busy times with Kanye'n friends to address some real concerns? It'd be bigly hugely classy and not "SAD!"
really?  then why did you cancel it?  #donthecon
Otter took our Tax $ & gave it to C.C.A after our A.G. Fired them,&after otter refused 2investigate &OUR A.G Did! He is BAD
your kids are not elected officials, keep them out of it! Impeachment bound! Lol, tool!
you know you really need to focus on responsibilities and less on social media. SHUT up!!!
You didn't earn that Purple Heart. Give it back to the hero that it belongs to. Enjoy your day.
Yet you have time for Kanye and a narcissistic victory tour. Bravo! What are you hiding? #FilthyPOS
The current US Energy Secretary won a Nobel Prize in Physics, Trump's pick Rick Perry couldn't win Dancing with the Stars.
Your business, you keep saying it but you don't produce. Don't do blind trust, you be out in less than 4 year. GREAT!
Busy meeting with Kanye and not taking daily briefings?  Get your priorities straight. #notmypresident You're a fraud.
Can you please find a cabinet position for Governor Sam Brownback??  He is from the State of Kansas which is Republican.
Do you mean your dog and pony show?
spend less time doing victory laps
Can America get a do over?
So you have time for POS Kanye, but you put off the American people... what are u afraid of?
promise me you will make the media and obama's Baghdad Bob look like the buffoons they are.
Yeah, except you didn't because you're a scared little (small handed) man. I'd say grow a pair, but you lack the ability.
too busy trying to entertainment and again such a hypocrite when you trashed Hillary for having Beyoncé #crazykanye

I guess the Kremlin is keeping you real busy. It's tough when you owe your masters so much.
How can ABC allow big-mouth ignoramus joy beher to humiliate their management day after day with her hatred & nonsense?
Putin owns you
Too busy to be briefed on your job! Lucky you were able so squeeze Kanye in. That was super important, you nitwit.
don't hold your hand on your fanny waiting for this to happen
#PiñataTrump #LockHimUp #Criminal
don't forget the environment....there is no time to ignore the Scientists warnings
Time for Tweets, for Kanye, for a gloating tour, for Putin, for lies, for SNL, for hairdresser; but not for America!! Sad!
Foreign conflicts of interests could get you impeached.  Seems like putting  assets in a blind trust would be a priority.
why not do one now? Are you afraid you'll say something that will sway the electors?
more lies hatred and insults
#TrumpLiesMatter    And release your tax returns!!  The only acceptable thing to do is a blind trust.
#plundermonkeys LOL Dude, if nothing else, you're entertaining. What'll he do next week? Tune in to Tweeter!
Liar. Liar. Liar.
Could you get any better? You're already doing amazing things and you're not even President yet. God Bless you sir. #maga
and release your taxes while you're at it!!!
another trump lie
but will you take questions and give answers with substance? I seriously doubt it.
THAT'S ALL.
great
you're too busy meeting with Kanye and planning celebrity apprentice to actually govern.
sir where do you get so much energy? Good for you though. We need someone with plenty of energy to clean up the swamp.
Guaranteed you won't hold that press conference. You lie all the time.
You need to denounce Richard Spencer and the alt right.  Release your tax returns.  Blind trust for your businesses.
Do you have your own thoughts?
What about releasing your taxes? And conflicts of interest? Tell us about those.
so you'll be taking questions? Bet NO.
I am sure watching SNL does take a good amount of time...
Donald I wish you had your own Utube channel, the we can see the truth
Please tighten retraining courses pymts, only for available jobs. To much training & retraining with no available jobs.
more lies
go get em Donald. Your in charge now drain the swamp
you decided to be president it requires you to be all in, not half way
Be busy so 1/22 you'll be running.
Inflated stock market w/1/4% hike is dangerous.
#Carly FIORNIA a good pick.
MADE IN USA!
God is your strength
. @realDonaldTrump no you won't #crookedtrump you can tease the media but you don't fool us. #EmolumentsClause read up on it. #lyingTrump .
You had time to have a press conference.. Instead, you meet with Kanye West and have rallies.
OOPS, looks like Yeesus was more importanat
time and money  to talk to your supporters at victory tour but no time to for a press conference?
@sherylgilesbri4 Tell the idiots that you did not take this on to make more money. You could have made more by staying out.
the #batshitcrazy #looneyleft is already trying to destroy this president and his administration they really hate the USA
near future as in NEVER kinda like the tax returns. Bullshit.
We're still waiting for Melania's immigration presser! Deplorable! Where are your tax returns?
draining that swamp, are ya, Csar Trump? #VLADSASSPUPPET
Hold it this week, as you originally promised
Cabinets are made of men who expect to profit for themselves or/and the company they were working for.
HAVE A PRESS CONFERENCE NOW!
I hope so, I'm putting my  in yours and hoping you succeed. U weren't my vote but you are my president.
backed up because you are not man enough to handle questions about ties to Russia.   Puppet man
Could you plz take time to define: near future?? If not getting updates on security....oh yea....thank u tour. nvrmnd.

