Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
prove it.
BWAHAHAHA! Yes it is rigged a$$hole! #LAUGHINGSTOCK #JACKASS #PERVERT
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
VOTE FOR TRUMP
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
seek professional help. Soon. For your sake. For Melania's sake. For your children's & grandchildren's sakes.
how is it being rigged at polling places? They aren't open yet! Your last resort is what's really SAD.
there might just be a 1776 style revolution.  We won't just roll over and take it anymore
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
#spityourdummieout
GOD'S IN CONTROL!  THEY CAN'T BEAT HIM!!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
the media is in on it! #PodestaEmails9 the media lost all credibility!  We love you President Donald Trump!

Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
MELTDOWN
.@realDonaldTrump Don't you worry! When elected, I'll do away with the media. Everything will go through ME and my kids. No more mass media!
You are suffering from narcissistic injury. Seek help.
proving he either has zero understanding of how elections are run, or assuming his cult knows nothing. Or both.
against the world. Nuke 'em all (@gop) Donald! #MAGA
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
that is just sad

and Soros owns voting machines. Soros is such a fine upstanding crook.
lmao
I think maybe you need some Psychological help. A bit of therapy may help you! Just saying!!!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
the only thing SAD is you.  You are a national embarrassment.  Please go away, far away!
what is ya boy @realDonaldTrump's plan for drug policy reform? Or solving the problems you talked about?
but what worked for you won't work for everyone. Most drug abusers use before, during and after incarceration.
yeah I know that's how drug abuse works and why the drug war is a failure. What is he gonna do differently.
* Education Secretary slot in the @realDonaldTrump Cabinet  has been offered to Dr. BEN CARSON
what does that mean for drug policy reform?
@newyorktimes - Mainstream Media = All the Queen's Men. #MediaBias #FightTheMedia
we know. You can do this. Just WIN!
be safe, set up security! Dems are evil.will stop at nothing. America loves you!  At rally here i told media off.liars!
the only thing rigged is your brain! #BrainDead
What does that even mean? Right wingers use steroids?
You are acting like a victim and nobody wants to hang with a victim.
Wear red Nov 8 to help,prevent voter fraud! Rallies are starting to fill with red keep the movement going!
#SundayMorning
Unless you substantiate this claim, it's baseless and inciting violence. Man up or give up.
...your campaign staff can email me with the evidence. They have my email address.
what staff ?
This is a classic tweet POTUS!

The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
You losing doesn't mean it's rigged. It means you're a horrible person and a worse presidential candidate.
don't you think it odd that no claim was ever made on him by a women and people loved him UNTIL he ran against Hillary? I do.
His first wife said he raped her.
That is a lie. Why is she supporting him for president?
You're supporting a racist, misogynist jerk for President. Better if you come to terms with it.
he only became a racist when he ran for president. You need to get your facts straight. Your blind to Hillary's corruption.
He was sued multiple times for racial discrimination in the 70s. GTFO of my mentions with that weak shit.
YOU were RIGHT! 
It WAS rigged by YOUR buddy Putin.
The only distorted media was & stilll is YOUR FOX News.
SAD!  
God help us.
She's a plant! false flag false flag
... Its not being rigged, ur just an awful human being and 1/2 of the population can see that. Thats why youre losing idiot
Oh the irony
I am glad that I didin't vote for you chump and STOP THIS LIES. OKAY.
LMAOOOO
@TammaraMaiden1 @realDonaldTrump @FBI
A hacked personal gmail account isn't news. The news is Russia.
you speak from experience
The media made Donnie, he got $1.8B free air time.

#gullible
@TammaraMaiden1all  thanks to hillary and the dnc
.@realDonaldTrump You need to provide evidence of this claim. You're 100% responsible for the violence caused by your nutbag supporters.
distorted media, you say?   lolololol go directly to jail.  Take Bannon and Mercer with you.
Sir, how about press releases highlighting the good things you've done? Must be factual and verifiable.
Hillary, there's so much on her but here's one http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phKO2T2pMjM&sns=em …
@realDonaldTrump
Dear @realDonaldTrump You just really hate the free press. Bet the first thing you'd do as Prez would be try to gag it.
Free Press - the MSM owned by a few billionaires telling us how it is, manipulating reality for the elite 1% ers.
Yup.  You called THAT one!
Reductionist view of "MSM" is bullshit. Don't paper over a complex picture with stupid simplifications
Trump is my President Grest Job!!! .My husband and son say they would love to work for you !!
STOP WHINING! Just shut up and do your job. The more you whine and protest the more guilty you appear! Just shut up and let the special counsel take its course.
Dont worry mr dump . I voted for you 5 times to counter act the fraud
.@realDonaldTrump @BURSTMotivation Yes, get your excuses in now
I would be happy to support Hillary, but her record of corruption leaves a slug trail you cannot ignore.
I don't envy you the choice. I was hoping Sanders would win Dem nomination. I'd be tempted to vote for Jill Stein now.
Don't waste your vote.  Hillary wont blow up the world.  Trump will. Or turn us into Nazi Germany.
I'm in Scotland, luckily!
So's his golf course.  Better join -  lol
We hated Trump before everyone else #AheadOfTheCurve
Possibly. He was inconsequential till he ran. Still a non-entity.
Is this the temperament of a presidential candidate?  More like that of a first grader...  Trump, you really are a loser!
:
Sexually assaults women
Lusts after young girls
Disrespects women daily
Running for POTUS just to "grab pussy"
Really, guy? Seriously? These are serious allegations for which u have zero proof. R u not smart enuf 2 see the game here?
this is ignorant and shouldn't have every been typed.There are videos and recordings of Trump FOOL
Pls share them w/me. I'd like to see proof of these allegations. All you have 2 do is tweet back the links. Tnx.
http://mindy-fischer-writer.com/2016/10/new-trump-13-year-old-girl/ … here ya go.
Sorry. That's a 'story', not proof. Anyone can write a story abt anything. Wud U want this treatment?
he has a court date for the rape charge , that's a fact not a story
Anyone can accuse anyone of rape. Imagine how many women wud accuse u if u were famous/wealthy? Innocent until proven guilty.
@MCAcidFlow are you a trump fan?
I like RT'ing him to troll the world
you rebel you
Mr. Trump, everyone who's anyone sees you're seeking excuses for your sad campaign and your upcoming landslide loss. #lame
She's willing to gamble with our lives for political expendiency. FACT I vote President 5
You're not going to get killed by ISIS.  Settle down.
A President doesn't gamble with US Natimal Security ever.
Gee, is Trump's splendid judgment the reason every foreign policy expert and international diplomat (1/2)
If u have real evidence of actual rigging taking place at polling places, I'll write about it. Or are u just saying things?
This is probably a good place to start your research https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2016/03/29/u-s-elections-ranked-worst-among-western-democracies-heres-why/?utm_term=.7e967dc88af4 …
important to understand it measures perceptions not facts
I see So you don't believe Russia is tampering with US elections either then? @kellpetersen @kurteichenwald @MittRegularGuy @realDonaldTrump
Director of Intelligence James Clapper, and other depts, say Russia is doing it. @KristinP22 @kellpetersen @kurteichenwald @realDonaldTrump
Doing what? Rigging election that we're not supposed to question results of?
Hacking. Many agencies have weighed in, I don't have time to explain all the evidence. Google it. @kellpetersen @kurteichenwald
but if u claim 2 believe Russia is tampering w/elections why would u not question results?
- understand the potential gravity of this kind of irresponsibility. Words can have deleterious, dangerous consequences.
Trump#  Careful: Trump represents unrest  either winning or loosing. Rhetoric of fear and doom agitating people.
So if Trump somehow wins, will he still claim the election is "absolutely rigged" or will he say America is great?
If you didn't give them so much to report on with your rhetoric you wouldn't be highlighted so much.
The 50% who never vote, will take up the challenge if you offer it to the "nonvoters".  Your chance to "make a difference"
boo hoo.... whiner...
read Hilary's emails you fools , that's why she deleted them all READ THE E MAILS PEOPLE READ THE E MAILS
jail for Hillary and her husband. She is a terrible person.

If you win I would say it is rigged
lie
Hilary is A Crook & Liar hiding behind her act of appearing to be Caring.  She only cares about her rich friends!
Nobody likes a sore loser! This tweet proves that even u know u will lose Bigly!
quit beating Dead Horse Hillary. This is not about her or you it's about 300 million people named "Me"
true!
your a joke
you are inciting a revolution, you are in inciting riots, you are a danger to this country and are completely deranged!
Little Donnie Dimbo cannot accept his asswhoopin' so foments sedition
I think you can reform gov't and the econ but not if you aren't elected! Worried too if you win you might not work for ME!
Guess you'll be stepping down then-HAPPY
you are absolutely correct
Hilary plays dirty politics!
you are winning in Ohio so that state is not rigged correct?
Not the brightest crayon in the box are you Mr.  Trump?
- So, please put together teams of ppl to monitor the polls in Swing States!
you have already lost, with very damaged reputation
change from dark clothing a to bright I.e beige, brown, ash, etc to give you new look at the debate.
What's going to be really sad is if you don't properly prepare for Debate # 3 .   Stop Ralleys get with debate team now !
the Dems are already tearing up absentee votes for Trump. What can we do?
need u to address how things have not improved for years we need rep votes! Focus! Share some potential cabinet picks
u are going to B fired in  3 weeks 
There's a bed waiting for you @realDonaldTrump in a room with padded walls,the sooner you get there the better off we'll be
He's already making excuses for when he loses. Priceless.
Count the voters going in compare against votes counted.Add those to absentee ballots 2 check 4 fraud. Dems always cheat
NBC, CBS,ABC,CNN should look in the mirror. They are irisponciable, look at the pile on. When I see fire, I know it burns!!
U should make a new slogan "Let's Trump Crooked Hillary and make America better!"
Media is so rude to Trump team in every interview. You are a billionaire, start acting like one. Buy them or destroy them!
Media is dishonest only when they post your crap. Thin skin.
They were all over Hillary. That was ok. Trump thin skin
stop playing the victim
you are mad.
yes indeed
What else is new?
the only thing that is sad is your under-minding of our electoral process #dumass
we know they're corrupt, gotta focus on why you're running. Ignore them
From EU pont of view this election is such a sad happening. Both candidates are crap. Is this all what the USA has to offer
I agree there are press out there who are for her how crooked she is.
Of course it's rigged. @realDonaldTrump The VRA has been decimated, and voter ID laws are keeping hundreds of thousands from voting.
do a good job tonight, stay on her and what and how you are going to change things. Nothing about Ryan . It just hurts U
Ohhh... kinda like you pushed (and still are) the distorted and dishonest "birth certificate" conspiracy "theory"?  Got it.
what?
You're a pathological liar ,egotistical maniac, a sexist, racist, predator whose a victimizer (Not a victim) & 1 Crazy man.
you are delusional - so if you win it isn't rigged but if Hillary wins it is - grow up -
I suppose if you were winning it wouldn't be rigged, right?  Coz u always win, despite your endless list of failures...

"When you can't make them see the light,
 make them feel the heat"
 ~Ronald Reagan~ 

…
hey, so can you recommend a really good method for removing sand from one's vagina. Seems you'd be the expert.
@KellyannePolls when you loose you have but one person to blame. HINT.. Look in the mirror.
No need to cheat. You're going down in polls. 538 calculates a 12% probability of your win. Voters more decent than you.
keep fighting!!!!!!
come on Donald! You loosing it and just go away stop making problems we want HILLARY not you!
Wed #debate don't trust Wallace! YOU ask questions WE WANT DISCUSSED - Jobs - Security - Corruption - DON'T TAKE BAIT!
I truly believe that is how Obama got elected. I don't know ANYONE personally who admitted to voting for him.

you are going to have to accept it sooner or later:  you are a loser.
still voting for you.
Hillary says Russia hacked us, ask her. Ur the had the unsecured server in ur basement. Wonder how Russia hacked in?
Are you attacking @HillaryClinton too... starting to sound like my 8 year old brother there Trump
but if you win it clearly wasn't rigged, right?
The Election is totally honest you are losing legally due to your own stupidity. Get over it.  It is over and done with.
is the kid who tells you all the ways he's going to lose a game before he plays just so he can get his excuses in early.
PLEASE stop all your negativity. We need you to stay on the issues if we a r e going to make America great again!!!
you just don't wanna win
wow.. im seeing a ton of h8 towards you, counted about 5 supporters.. haha AUS DOESN'T WANT YOU IN EITHER BAHAHA T-BONE 
The movie Hillary's America is a must see for everyone so you can lockup this election.
You don't like that it's rigged? How you think we felt when you used the rigged tax system to stick it to the taxpayers??
@HomunculusLoikm I hope Mr.Trump stops talking about accusers.
Debate don't take her bate& just talks policies & wiki leaks
Totally agree. She is trying to distract people from the real issues. You got her on issues!!
You are right. We know it Mr. Trump.  The deplorable people are with you!   GO !!
And Clinton News Network is on the top of the heap
Perhaps. That or people don't want you to be President.
FOOT SOLDIERS at EVERY POLLING PLACE! That's what we need! Also, there are laws at polling places. Precinct Person knows!
yes it truly is. 
the media is lying!! She is not leading, you are! But now there is voter fraud according to you, not sure what happens now!
unsubstantiated claims show you're desperate and know you'll lose
If you want to win, follow @FrankLuntz #5debatetips Get back on point with how to make America Great again.
its like listeng to a repeatg parrot or an old senile person screaming go with something new and a calmer tone
it's so funny that you think it's rigged because you are losing. Hahaha
But what do you think about what is happening in Mosul? Or do you even know?
Just in time for the debate.  Part 2https://youtu.be/hDc8PVCvfKs #RIGGED
Hey,  I got an advice for u, listen before u lose the election in an embarrassing & humiliating way, why don't u drop out?
if they had half the evidence against us wed be in jail. Why is she not?

(sigh) noTrump your sad! Please go away your words offend decent people. You've been so fortunate yet all you do is snivel!
The only way you can tell if the election is rigged is if Donald Trump wins!
Some reading material for you. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-election-rigged_us_580548c8e4b0dd54ce34b492 …?
Apparently your running mate Pence doesn't agree. Do tell. Grin
https://www.yahoo.com/news/pence-says-evidence-points-russia-email-hacks-155229651.html … Excerpt:
, but continue being the leader we need. Would like you to look at the "The Fair Tax" also, it would abolish the IRS.Dis VET
you're pathetic!!
You are inciting riot because you are losing? #NotAmerican
dont be stupid!!
#whinylittlebitch
Oh BTW. Until it's revealed who actually fire bombed the RNC HQ, strop w/ the BS acqusations.
you are the most dangerous person this country has ever come across! No, the election is not rigged, you are a loser!
