Deliberatly sabotaging elections and debate! Question to all of Trump&Pence supporters.Are you willing to take a stand?
only Donald trump not Hillary Clinton
There was nothing wrong with your mic. Everyone heard you and excessive snuffling/senseless raging just fine. #stoplying
@PennyHicks13 Hillary ROTTEN Clinton
Road to victory...
god bless you Donald trump
They didn't fix it  because everybody is tryin 2 sabotage your election!  Hey but you'll have a good excuse when you lose!
One just needs to look at the names of those that sit on that commission...then we have our answer
Why didn't you pay taxes?

#dumbdon #dumptrump
https://www.facebook.com/robindiannebeard/posts/10154084035784506 …
cause youre beast
i can confirm: cuz ur beast
you are being kind...I'm going with Corrupt! But I am usually over the top. sorry.
CPD denial in 3.. 2... 1...
The real problem? Your mic was working. Too bad, because for you, a dead mic's a good thing.
OR- my policies will create jobs & rising incomes for all Americans suffering under the Clinton-Obama policies
Why are you whining?  Why Is this presidential--No--You make it hard to get new voters or keep the ones you have
: Because no one with half a brain wants to enable your hateful, racist, misogynistic rhetoric?

Because cheating is standard from the liberal MSM & Hillary, only way they had a chance
So Deplorables are out as are basement dwellers. HRC has a limited fan base.
problem is we heard you loud and clear. You suck
& where are all the apologies to you? Everyone dismissed your concerns.

You were loud and clear to the 80 million + people that were not in the room.
Next time around I'd bring your own equipment. Maybe a DJ to scratch when you're about to say something absurd
#TrumpWins
we heard your bullshit loud and clear on TV. All 80 million watched your failure. "Wrong..."
your a traitor if your a vet and with Clinton. You have just been disowned by your Brothers In Arms. Traitor.
you serve?
I did but I can see you didn't.
Here's the deal I'll give you...
The people don't believe I'm a veteran cuz I'm liberal, I'm happy to settle it over a few beers, and if I prove that I am, I will kick them straight in the dick. That is my deal
why go on & on about this? You call this presidential ? You're a joke and a disaster of a man and a disaster for USA !
Speaker issues aside it's obvious that you had a bad debate night.
today would be a great day to release your taxes.
is that why you're pissed?
next debate should be on Fox so it's fair
the sound had nothing to do with your ignorance shown on each topic!
. Good question. May have feared 4 their lives.
you really hold a grudge don't you. Better up your game for the next town hall debate
oh, we heard you just fine.  Nothing I wanted to hear, but heard it.
still not talking about issues that matter
you answered still assinnine
Ok it was poor in the debate auditorium, not TV broadcast, or even for you which you had no idea sound wasn't carrying
excuses excuses
You said you ripped us off and didn't pay taxes!!!  Bankruptcy who pays for that? Oh I know, we do!!!!
tweet about jobs, terrorism, trade, immigration, pro-American stuff, about hope. These tweets are pointless
Because they wanted you to fall on your ASS!  #NeverTrump
Yeas Mr. Trump, audio was terrible - in Kazakhstan we never heard so much retard things. Even cows not had milk that day!
Because they did it on purpose. It is probably why the sound of your breathing was exacerbated!
to tell the truth. He would have done better in mute. He had nothing to say anyway
i even heard him sniffle so blaming the mic really isnt helping lol
her podium was no more special then his... the conspiracy is she had ...
Teleprompter light or debate light indicating her or his turn? @realDonaldTrump @debates
I asked #Debate organizers to turn off my mic. Instead 100M Americans were subjected to my deranged rambling. VERY UNFAIR!! @realDonaldTrump
Go cry somewhere else you fucking baby
dummy wanna be prez .get over it  .america is smart than u think lol
Cause they can't do anything about the bullshit going into the mic. Only what comes out of the speakers.
I thought Trump was running for President of the United States.  Turns out I was wrong.
you are wrong not running never was he will be our next president and will put Hillery in prison. Trump2016
He will be begging Hillary for a pardon within a year.
Look how Bill and Hillary treat women, then update your weak mind
because they probably didn't want to hear your stupid mouth move and dumbshit come out
Did the 100m viewers hear your voice? Yes. So the problem WASN'T the mic. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ7_bo74VMA …
. On a NZ citizen,  I work in Australia and reside in Thailand, the fam n I wish you good luck Mr T
l
hiding tax return, foreign relationship medical record, twitter abuse, master non-disclosure agree.   Not hiding ignorance
two guys hugging is not new, there's a whole porn genre dedicated to what two guys do to each other #StopHating
thank you! Coming from a Christian you'd know ALL about ridiculous so I'll take Top Ten!
Christianity is Love. What ridiculous "faith" do you believe in? @TEN_GOP @realDonaldTrump
I can see a lot of love and Christianity in your tweets! Lots of believers troll
Love is not blind. I don't LOVE people who are intolerant of others like yourself! @TEN_GOP @realDonaldTrump
I heard perfectly what you talked.  Maybe in the room there was a problem.  Is anyone of 80 million viewers complaining?
loved you on Saturday night live last night Baldwin did perfect job
whiner!
No one but you could tell; we were just transfixed by the crap coming out of your mouth. #ImWithHer
... for the benefit of the public:)
Translation: the mic was bad, their being mean to me, mommy make them stop. Face it U got your ass handed 2 U
Yes whenever you speak, it sounds bad! Totally agree! Fingernails on a chalk board!
we all heard what you said. Loud and clear. #micswerentbrokenenough
NOT TO MENTION THE TELEPROMPTER IN HC PODIUM! Why aren't you talking about that???? Biggest rort in history in front of 84M
@AHDengert because Clinton threatened them?
OFF COURSE SHE SHOULDN'T TOUCH ANY NUCLEAR SYSTEMS.WE ARE IN DANGER LIKE HER. VOTE4TRUMP/PENCE NOV 8 XXX
Why didn't you complain about it. It's not that you don't crab all the time. You thought they would think you lied about it
because they wanted the world to know you had a big fat line of Coke before you walked on stage, maybe?
Waaa waa waaa I guess we should be used to it by now – and it will only get worse after the election when you lose.
So Much Bias & Corruption Throughout Rigged System. You Must Be For The Right Thing, When The System Against You Like This.
GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY GFY
which totally affected your ridiculous, laughable and uninformed performance, prep helps nimrod
We heard you---you just didn't say anything of substance.
Trump campaign obviously losing badly, statistically impossible for him to win Trump preparing excuses for his big loss sad
Don't worry! We heard you loud and clear!
#whinylittlebitch sniveling fool. Got Coke much-sniffle
HRC lawyer 4 rapist he went free, & told 12 old girl it was her own fault she got rapped, she wanted attention of older men
A ton of dirty behind the scene in this Debate. You are up against the biggest & dirtiest political machine ever assembled.
Because they are not on your side -As you already know .

of course they rigged it they wanted us to hear crooked Hillary
we could hear u fine....stop whining. That's no why u lost. She was better than you! #suckitup
it was perfect, just the way it was.
Because they are all crooked!
...and they made sure that Crooked HELLary's Rigged Equipment was working Perfectly!

#NeverHillary 
#LockHerUp 
#MAGA
i watched the whole debate and heard everyone one of your interruptions Lying Trump.
plz destory her she is the devil and Soros and super pacs are her demons. Call on God all things are possible with God.
No, that's actually what it's called
If it was SO BAD, why didn't YOU say anything at the time?
waaaa, the bad libruls took my microphone
what a baby you are
because they are collusive and subversive criminals
Was Hillary's hand moist when you shook it? Maybe a sniffling chemical agent.
and the moderator was a Clinton stooge
WE HEARD YOU FINE, STOP WHINING LIKE A CRYBABY
Why didn't you report it during the debate?
80 million at home heads your meltdown just fine..#Dope
Your mic was fine. We all heard your blabbing loud and clear. Is this important?
do you know who is not strong.  You, you sorry @ss for a human. Waste of oxygen. Don't talk about Vet like that.
Because then they would have had to check her mic and didn't want to find out what she had hidden in her custom made podium
@slone of course  your mic  would have issues and HRC would have questions!!!
the audio for the 80 million was just fine. It's the words coming out of YOUR microphone that weren't
Great Anti-Drug message at #Debate. When preparing for the most important job interview in your life.  Don't do cocaine!
ahh the poor baby
Crooked Hillary makes everything around her crooked for 30 years. Now they work on fixing the voting machines as Stalin did
http://www.AllTalkNoAction.org  @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #FollowTheMoney #NoSacredCows #noPC #TeamTrump #NoMoreSocialExperiments #Breaking
TV audio was fine, sniffles and all.
because the "commission on presidential debates" isn't in the interest of Americans. Not made by us or for us.
I heard you perfectly on the radio and you're a loser
https://youtu.be/5lZRiy633_I  What is this about. audio issue on purpose AND Lester Dolt eye contact with that guy?


don't lose sleep over it we herd ur crazy talk loud snd clear. Ppl there might have missed a few commen  if they were lucky
AT CPD another one of the names mention were Olympia Snow (a whining RINO), PLEASE: LOOK IT UP!
we heard you fine
i heard you just fine. You sounded terrible.
I heard you loud and clear
The fact that there were problems with the sound level in the hall did not distort what the millions of Americans heard!!
"Believe Me" we all heard the bullshit you were spewing.
You should wish the sound to TV was messed up too bc we 84 million heard u loud and clear Donald. Every sniff, no stamina?
Stop. Just please stop.
@TheMadHessian Don't worry, Donald. Over 84 million TV viewers heard you loud and clear.
.@Anna_ohlala @realDonaldTrump @pennysw Yes, I heard him too.
You know the fix is in. Your staff should be checking this stuff ahead of time.  Your the BOSS they make you look bad, weak
Bullshit
#snifflingDonald, you had no stamina after 1st 10 mins, then she wiped floor w you. But go ahead, keep bringing it up.
stop being a #bigbaby about the debate!  Your November 8th beating will be much worse!  #TrumpTaxReturns #TrumpFail
#idiotdonald quit making excuses for your unhinged, crappy debate performance. You sucked. Suck it up buttercup.
because they wanted to save you from embarrassing yourself..
cuz they spent every waking hour working on her customized podium
We #undecided #IndependentVoters whch U desperately need c this kind of complaint as a joke. Pls jst rehearse nd B smarter.
"Can you believe he spent time defending baseless allegations?" "Can you believe he took tax credits the law allows?"
"So what if the FBI gave HRC a get out of jail card for breaking federal law, Trump should be jailed for following tax law"
whatever issue there may have been it did not effect viewers hearing ur BS including every  sniffle.
So it was the audio problem that made you sound like an idiot? Hmm....
Get over it or die unhappy. Your penchant for acting like a petulant child constantly is getting old.
please stop this. Focus on jobs and security.  I love you Donald. But you are killing us with the minutia
RIGGED!!!
so Hillary is now a victim ! Lol we see the truth . Stay on point
BOO HOO U R a big baby Always finding excuses MAN UP 
#lifelongrepgonebluecuzofYOU #strongertogether #lovetrumpshate
Donald stop making excuses! Quit telling lies!
because you don't pay taxes! No service for non tax paying immigrants & there crooked husbands 
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio & sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?

many people are saying.....many people
Maybe because you pay 0 taxes
DONALD
I thought you won?so what's your point? sound must not had any role in how well you did.
A lot more than that- the LIGHTING they were baking you AND Hildebeast Cheating w/Holt  @pacasandrs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LdNIsjrwpI&sns=tw …
 
@HillaryClinton Insults & False Accusations??  Sick & Tired of her Nasty Lies!
maybe just maybe u should have said so when you were in the stage. So sad
Well, I watched live and heard every sniff. Maybe the 84M plus Americans count more than your hand picked cheering section?
we heard everything you said - no problem
stop sniffing 
they probably thought it sounded better that way?
my man, the last thing you needed was anyone hearing more of what you had to say.  They did you a solid.
we heard you just fine....jeesh....quit whining
the mic problem was within the auditorium not televised sound.Being President much tougher!
Really Sad! Very Bad!
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
I heard you loud and clear....keep it up.
"Where'd you here that?" = best deer in headlights debate line ever.
We HEARD your BULLSHIT loud and clear don't worry....next LAME excuse!
I watched the entire debate Donald and I heard every sniffle loud and clear..
Maybe they the feared a hearache in case they fix the mic.
Exposed, now move on to policy.
funny how you said nothing about it during your sound check
Everyone heard u just fine u big baby!!!!!!!!!
we heard your sniffing just fine
Don't worry we at home heard every sniff and every word
@Toimatom Mike problems,it's called pulling the rug or more crudely 
Sabotage or handicapping an opponent.
they did it on purpose most likely. November 8th can't come soon enough. Will love hearing your words " you're fired " 
beahahaha that is about the lamest excuse... we could all hear you just fine sniff sniff..
we could hear you just fine, Don. It was disgusting.
I know 5 year olds who don't wine as much
