I know what the "C" markings mean when referring to HER...sorry but I just had to get that out!
You are so dumb. You are really dumb. For real.
Your "C" indicated something much different in your rental agreement documents, though, right?
And lying Donald gave secrets to the Russians and tried to obstruct the Flynn investigation. #LockHimUp #TrumpImpeachmentParty
You are a stain on this country's history.
Another #drumpf tweet that didn't age well
I love how relevant this is today! Thanks Twitter, for letting me dig up the last to haunt you
Hmmmmmmmmmmm
Yet when your appointed FBI Director implores you, the #POTUS,  to respect the sanctity of top secret American intel to avoid compromising Homeland Security, suddenly you become V. Putin’s lapdog. 

Sad.



#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
STOP DIVORCE,WIN COURT CASES,MARRIAGE BIND,LOST LOVE SPELLS CASTER +27838790458 IN USA,UK,CANADA,CYPRUS,NAMIBIA
hahahahaha
FYI that "C" on those documents you were given stands for "CLASSIFIED".
Because he's a 

wow dude, you're SO fucked
So, now you're cool with releasing classified information?  Does that mean that the outrage over HRC's was all for show?
Fast forward to trumos acceptance speech where he gave tons of praise and a standing ovation to his best bud killary.... LMAO
It didn't stand for "classified" and I can't believe you don't know that yet. It stands for "confidential."
Well this tweet turned out to be ironic...
@mattyglesias A tweet for all ocaisions.
look who's negligent now
Well this sounds familiar. HMMM.
And you didn't know where intelligence came from when YOU TOLD RUSSIA STATE SECRETS. Do the right thing and step down now.
On Trump's tenant application's They put a "C" at the top for all the African American applicants & then denied all of them
In fact the amount of toothbrushes delivered to a base or ship has the same level of clearance.
@DebAlwaystrump 
Yes Hillary, when Trump is elected you are going to prison! Yes he can!

Nice! I just can't wait!
This tweet aged well
Looks like Trump may be the one who ends up in prison LOL
there are as many realities-->as there are people
Yeah, nope. Your Orange Trashcan Leader  is a complete moron. Sorry to break it to you
Like it or not he's your President too! 
@fanaticraven I think we all know what the "C" stands for when we're talking Hilary.
Aw...ya beat me to it, JNoobs!!!
Maybe because it doesn't mean Classified. Dimwit. You are such a political moron.
It is mind-boggling that you have the audacity to accuse anyone of lying.  You truly live in la-la land; SICK
#Crazy @realDonaldTrump #LyingLiar Links
http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/ …
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/03/22/all-of-donald-trumps-four-pinocchio-ratings-in-one-place/ …
http://www.politicususa.com/2016/08/19/fact-check-devastates-trump-ad-averages-1-lie-4-seconds.html …
Seems even Bill, a former President, did not know or he might have told her what they meant.
ole' Bill might also wished for her demise, or he might have been 'indisposed' wink wink
Last I recall i got indisposed too after a blow job :)
I bet you get them all the time, right??
no, just in the morning, and occasionally when I'm aroused
so you get a woody in the morning and aroused looking at child porn? That's NOT a BJ.
madam, rest assured, nobody is aroused by you
and that's how the Block button works
This has not aged well, not unlike yourself
@POTUS just never mention Obama or Hillary if you can't keep up with a generic "help USA" standard. Don't mention dems, don't lie: GOVERN
Ha ha ha ha! You belong in jail.
How, indeed?
Good question Donald now that you've thrown an ally under the bus.
@POTUS: Yeah, I get daily classified briefings.

Staffer: Yes, classified; you can't share info.

@POTUS: Is that what "classified" means?
Leaker Trumpster told RUSSIANS code-word classified info shared by ally's intelligence, jeopardizing intel exchange relationship with allies
@WillMcAvoyACN Why don't you FUCK OFF. You are an annoying bastard -grow up and concentrate on real issues in your country

You're incompetent. You should resign.
This tweet has aged so well!
I don't know? Weird huh?
It's as if you are trying to be the dumbest person in the room. Either that or flat out Dementia which would explain a lot.
'C' stand for confidential, idiot.
trump didn't need to know what the markings on documents meant. he gave away our secrets for his own gain.
Trump told the FBI that he did know the C markings stood for CLASSIFIED... and then LEAKED IT ANYWAY! How can THAT happen?
:A case of the kettle calling the pot black.
It stands for "confidential," you monumental dolt. And "Secret (Code Word)" -- what does your great intellect make of that classification?
Why don't YOU explain how that happens!
Such a liar.
Lyin Donald, you are the world's biggest liar, I gonna call you Lyin Donald, or Mr. Liar!
TRAITOR
PS. have your written your $25 Million dollar check for your #Fraud Trump U case? #TreasonousTrump #Unfit
Right, "How can this be happening". UR So-Called-Presidency by Russian collusion,Treasonous Trump #Unfit for golf let alone the white house.
My god, is there a Trump tweet going against every single action he's taken?
OOOOH And this one came back to bite you, Didn't it?
Not fit! LOL
Because she lies and the truth is not in her
Says the man who held an impromptu NatSec meeting in the very un-secure Mar-a-Lago dining room.
please investigate  NSA someone told me it is them. You can probably visit them. I want this to stop. I am educated.
@rolandsmartin @joanwalsh @CleoManago @joyannreid     @realDonaldTrump did this! And #JeffSessions is what's got @NAACP taking over offices.
It's another Lie, period. 

#MAGA
Maybe it referred to Colored like those apartment applications you refused.
You invited Russian hackers to invade our accounts!!
Didn't it stand for "Colored?"
liar-the "C" stands for "Confidential"
The markings were in the wrong place, not in the heading, but in the body. Also,it stood for confidential, not classified
Really, Donald, when you are going to mock her for not knowing, you really should get it right. Confidential,not classified
the C stands for CONFIDENTIAL not Classified. Apparently YOU don't know what it means either.
The "c" on 3 paragraphs stood for "Confidential" not classified. Just like you lie abt the Iraq war. Doesn't make it true.
You didnt know either, buffoon. Even tho everyone else did...Pay attention sometime.
Someone should explain to him that "C" is for confidential not classified.
Because, as any fule kno, C on a document stands for COLORED & you don't rent apartments to those people, right? #gonnalose
Confidential. NOT Classified.  Learn the terms.
No, dummy: (C) means "confidential" and the THREE emails were found to be NOT classified!
When someone spreads disinformation over Hillary's emails, set the record straight with this:

@mcuban #ImWithHer 
you are a horrible man. Go home humiliated & defeated. I hope you reap the hatred you have sown all the rest of your days
WRONG! Confidential
"c" is for Confidential. Not classified.
well we know it doesn't mean C for colored
The "C" means confidential!
.@realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump We all know what the 'C' means to you. How many "coloreds" did you discriminate against again?
you told your folks to put "C" on applications. So you knew they were colored folks applying. What's the difference?
YOU don't know what it stands for! The "C" stands for CONFIDENTIAL, a lower level than classified.
is lying with this tweet because it can't be from him he is on stage  Example of how uncouth he is
you know PLENTY about the letter "C" don't you... as in "Colored"... Remember this.
maybe she thought it meant C for coloured? Like on your rental applications?
Funny. On all your paperwork, the C always stood for people of color, so you could deny their rental.
#RememberBenghazi #NOtoShariaLaw
She thinks she's above the law. Only time you'll see true emotion from her is the day you win the WH & she'll start crying
you don't even know how to pay your taxes, like us poor american's, or your bills more like chapter 11, show your taxes.
official documents should be "stamp" as a classified. Not a hand writing
Wait until we see Trump U. Depositions..but by then Hill would have won the election.
you're still here? Go a way
when Trump gets on stage with Hillary. When it her turn say... "Go ahead Hillary. Lie to to America"
well she is as stupid as a bag of hammers so there's that
Emails!! Benghazi!! Don't you have anything else?
it didn't stand for "classified", it was " confidential'...
that's another of your many lies #Crooked_Donald. Wanna be dictator, you're going to the trash heap
when is congress and people going to actually do something to clarify that Hilary is corrupt has lied &committed perjury?
It didn't it stood for confidential. How can you be so stupid?
The "C" doesn't stand for Classified. [c] marking for Confidential. [c] = confidential [s] = secret [ts] = top secret
because three letters were missing C---
because it means CONFIDENTIAL, genius
I thought it stood for Copyright. Well if she didn't, then how would a hacker?!
I thought they were confidential? You should both work on your knowledge of what it means.
She must have thought 'C' meant 'Cash for Clinton' its all about her self serving greed for money and power.
this coming from a defrauded
@podod12 she's an insult to every American  to think we are stupid enough to believe that. She's a disgrace to our country.
I don't talk about that anymore.
And, the liberal media gives her a pass on it.   Unreal!
She obviously thought it meant "Clinton' so did what she wanted with them.
Get @EricTrump back in line, he is posting harmful crap.
#tosicktoservehillary has major brain damage from blood clot. Dems are voting for Tim Kaine huh? no ready
and you and her are buddies and you gave her $... yep how could this be happening? #TruthMatters try it.



How can she have known that C stands for "Classified" when C doesn't stand for "Classified"? It stands for "Confidential".
Donald screws poor American workers as he builds his towers. HOW CAN THIS BE?
b/c my Grandma says John 8:48 The devil is a liar & a Father of lies~ #Deception is a Capital D or L for #Liar #RNC #MAGA
she also said she handed over all emails, does that include the bleached ones..nobody asks her about the bleached ones why?
'Lyin'??
So we've established neither @realDonaldTrump or #HillaryClinton know what C stands for. We're all screwed.
you're a dumb ass hold fuckish trump....come and debit me...you  punky ass hold
SHOW YOUR TAXES YOU FRAUD
we all understand she knew what the "c " meant , if she didn't how did she ever receive or send classified email ?!
Maybe she thought the C markings on documents meant careless.
She is a sick puppy
Sounds like she is incompetent to be president if that's the case . We don't need Hillary
lyin' Hillary? Surprised your nose is not 10 feet long by now given the number of lies yiu tell daily, Little Donnie Drumpf
COMRADE TRUMP You have gone to far#COMRADE TRUMP
@Summer25Koch #hillary's excuse for those stamped, "classified" ?
I ask that same question every time I think about your father being the GOP nominee!
Hiliary
Did you know what it meant before now? Even now you still don't because it actually means "CONFIDENTIAL"
Well, we know what you think "C" is for.
Clown
If @HillaryClinton worked for @realDonaldTrump,the c would stand for "colored"
@CheriJacobus http://www.nytimes.com/glogin?URI=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nytimes.com%2F2016%2F09%2F08%2Fopinion%2Fthe-black-eyes-in-donald-trumps-life.html%3Fsmid%3Dtw-nytopinion%26smtyp%3Dcur%26_r%3D0 …
Hillary much better candidate than you.  Go Hillary.
She thought the "C" meant "Crooked".
Hillary is acting like she's a helpless female. Embarrassing to all us females!
we know what the "C" stood for on your rental apps & you were sued for it, Mr. Racist.
she lies
u just as ignorant see
you do mean confidential right?
My wife and I love you. We know that you will do great things for this Country.
@marsialynn86
Repeat often: It doesn't matter what she says: you can't believe her anyway!
Hillary is killing you with negative ads in Palm Beach county
Just like you didn't know who David Duke was. #ToucheTrump #LyinTrump #LyinDonald #TrumpIsTrash #DumpTrump
@teacherfortrump
if anyone believes Hillary I have a bridge in Brooklyn to sell them.
