you should come out with a very strong speech of #CrookedHillary past . You're speeches do so well!
I don't understand how anyone could want a president that whines so much about the press
we know. That's why we don't watch them.

is she a liar, incompetent or both
People are passionate about Mr. Trump
@vine trump is UNQUALIFIED to be PRESIDENT
Stop whining. You made your bed.
They pay Lewandowski, who is still on your payroll dude.
she hiding per usual
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Nothing bad in her emails but how about you release your tax returns
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
"Okay, I did my visit to a black neighborhood.  Now get me home.  I don't want to get shot walking down the street."
Gracias, Francisco:)

absolutely!!!! 
If a beauty like you is voting for Trump i'm with you!
your just disgusting but you knew that all ready
why don't you release your taxes? Show us you're  not what you declare and swear  Hillary is. pot calln da kettle blk,
Tax returns and Hillary?  Find an argument that is worth something.
:-D
Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel !!
Not much of a crowd, Donny. #RacistTrump #TrumpInDetroit #TrumpFraud #TrumpedUPBurns
DUH! Intentional D/T security concerns. Where's #Obama or #Hillary been the last 8 yrs. No change.
All the people were outside protesting him...look it up.
U mean those 50 Ppl with professional signs financed by #Soros & #Hillary.They R $15/hr professional protesters.
http://www.politicususa.com/2016/09/03/trump-addresses-empty-church-african-american-photo-op-backfires-detroit.html …
PoliticusUSA is a far left website. Google it. Who do U thinks pays 4 all those professionally printed signs at every protest?
conspiracy! Rigged! Fixed!  Professional signs?lol
you mean like all your scandals,i.e trump university,racism,rape of underage girls,and failed businesses right?
Only that is fact is some failed business.  That is not criminal. U just saying those things right you really dont believe
don't say stuff is disgusting anymore it looks so fuckin dumb in print you baby ass I can't
do people really like that fake ass dude with a fake ass hair??? go home, trump you need to take your pills
Troll
I've been watching CNN for days now. They are presenting the "pro's" & "con's" Very professional
Nice tweet name...just saying.
Why is CNN running from investigating Donald Trump and his family.
I doubt CNN has any Investigative Reporters on its' Payroll anymore.. pathetic. Not real Journalism!!
only thing HILLARY is "guilty" of is getting 3,000,000 more votes than U.
you need to"buy" lots of food peaks. 3332 nd 107.
CNN is disgusting. I know how you can win the presidency contact me
You are warped.
our "beloved" president doesn't help, since his partner in crime is Hilary.
as much as I wanted to follow you, you have showed yourself to be too much of a liar, coward, and a lil kid.
We have stop watching CNN. Sick of the way they treat Trump and FED UP with their Lies!
CNN and @HillaryClinton have something in Common,they do anything for $. How much she pay U CNN?
. Watching her win ? Indeed
Get ur tissues ready, make it a Big Box.. U will need them.
Bring it on Terry. I def dont do bad with ignoramus. Bring it on
Dons MIA.. I guess it will have to wait.. I was so ready  for him!
hey DJT supporters google jeffery epstein and DJT, you will learn how morally lacking DJT. Keep your daughters close.
can't find anything else to bitch about Mr Drumpf?
And the email scandal next to your 40 other scandals #priceless
#Ohio #Virginia #TrumpInDetroit
Are you people strong enough for a BREXIT? Or would you rather blindly follow like a sheep to its slaughter? Choose!
hi
whatever you're doing  now you're not giving them the opportunity to talk for days your kindness is better choice
CNN has the libtards all over the place where they don't even know what's true anymore
dude who you Kiddin the emails are old
meanwhile Fox is ?
#FoxNews exposes the difference Conservatism makes opposed to t/ cancer of liberalism.. 
Cancer = @GOP U Reich Winger's spend so much time #Projecting-how U get anything done??
that & her absence from rallies, media, WTH ?? Is illness indeed plaguing her?
yes #HillarysHealth &#HillarysMemory is trending. She has had some issues & the stress is hard on it!
What an enormous load of crap!  This is complete nonsense! Trump is a rapist and a fraud.
I'm so sure! Until he ran for office he wasn't accused of anything. #shill mouthy #tool
So dumb. The fraud case and the rape case are moving forward in the courts, dipshit.
go away birther
Hillary started the Birther
So he is using same ploy as HRC did then.
No, he is using what Hillary started.
After she said it . Just saying that she said it first.
it's not bias when it's the TRUTH.
Where's your candidate?

Bear repeating-a SOLUTION 4 ALL especially Blacks http://gordonWAYNEwatts.com/ChairmanPriebus/Gmail-How-to-win-the%20African-American-vote..._HTML.html …
details http://gordonWAYNEwatts.com/ChairmanPriebus  Print OUT!..
believe me, I know how to make up promises,..I'm a realtor, I make promises then walk away.
"Make America FAT Again!" - Vote #HomerSimpson ("Free Donuts For All" - is the new slogan!) :-D      :-D
so sad we worry about being fat. Look at me..fast good has made my hair wavy and soft. Donuts...yummm
HolyHell! U have 49.1k followers &follow only 1,016 & still had time2reply2me-I must've done something right!

MSM has been fully exposed..... Go Trump!

I thought you didn't watch @CNN anymore. Does this mean you want us to watch it again?
Actually, ALL of you liberal dim-wits are SUPER-CONFUSED all of the time!
I wish @CNN or @FoxNews would get your tax returns so we can see what you are hiding. @megynkelly would do the story well.
Tax releases not a requirement.  it is a gesture.  Look it up liberal sheep

Typical liberal scum tactics...insult your opposition and dehumanize them
you called CNN "liberal sheep" #hypocrite
Clinton News network is nothing but propaganda. you are blind.

and he still has more money and business sense than you will ever have.

USA is a corporation.  run it so
Its time for real leadership again! 
Fire the guy who left the bobby pin in Trump's hair. took away what little "Presidental" he could manage.
BTW, where is your candidate? She's MIA....Probably not well. How's she going to run a country?
certainly not making a fool of herself in Mexico and a one time visit to a church, any church!


Isn't it terrible that they can't find anything illegal in all those emails? Darn truth.
classified info on a private server is not illegal?
yes actually it is... lmao and still these idiots voting for her think she is nxt Potus.
She is a proven National Security risk due to her inability to remember simple facts.
. At least she understands facts. Your guy is ignorantly at bliss with his delusions
She'll do the same for Black Americans as DEMS have done for 50 yrs-keep them poor & dependent.
What has Trump ever done for a.minority group?
Jobs, promotions, status in Pvt enterprise and recognition. What have your Democrats done?
. Show me the prove. Again the people that make his suits are in China not USA
Dress down Doc and go visit ur people. Only time u'll see a DEMpolitician is the week before Election Day.
My real picture and name so lets talk about you. I hear Trump has a dog whistle. Accounts for his followers.
America may collapse if this election is rigged. Obama is a failure
so is our republican majority Congress

keep that prayer shawl from Israel..close to you and your bible at all times,may the hand of God be on you amen!
$25k bribe to the FL district attorney for your Trump U. You were fined for inappropriate donations. Pay for play?
stopped watching CNN years ago
speaking of disgusting? Do you remember what u said about ur wife to Stern?
Hillary lied to a military mom about death of her son, nothing lower in life then that.
America has old crooked Hillary's number don't worry about that she's trying to get you off your message don't let her

.@HillaryClinton WHICH OF THESE THESE TWO HAMMERS SHOULD I USE TO DESTROY MY PHONE? #Hammertime #Hammergate #MAGA 
She's "Winning" ding đồng ...great job CNN ! Trump in a black church...You blend in ...NOT!!!!
A RACIST follower of you Donald just sent me this. You should speak out about this.

#BlackoutCNN Day 65 and many more to come...!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
65 days to turn the country around! Yea!  

Wait, can we have 165?
I fell a 1v1 on Rust is about to go down.....
There is NO NEW email scandal! You are so Juvenile! You are a dangerous, erratic, crooked liar!
lying crooked Hillary: she is so so awful
you are disgusting on every level
Trump the public needs to see what a PHONY UR HOW THE JUDGE IN UR E MAIL CASE ORDERED U TO SHOW THEM  U HAD DESTROYED
Tire of you whining
face it Trump YOU are s LOSER.. YOU ARE A CLOWN

The latest Emails a direct link 2 .@HilaryClinton named media sources & how she wanted the Benghazi story sold
you'll need all the scandals u can get to win the election, because your mouth is losing the election for you.
Trump F-UP big time with Matt Lauer.  Hillary was COMMANDER IN CHIEF all the way, LANDSLIDE!!!!
and you can make it harder for them, you know allowances & rebates work, Foundation Donors-Paid for Clinton Speech's
somewhere in those boardrooms are the connections, the  transcrpits of speeches given to Wall Street would be critical
Trump wants to disolve EPA: "Make America a Superfund Site Again. "Vote Hillary if you care for America's Environment.
anyone else would go to jail. She gets special treatment like she's above law. She hides don't want to answer ques

"Some say that I'm more compassionate than Mother Teresa..."

And Fox News isn't biased. Trump is a cry baby and con artist
the truth hurts your little feelings. #LiarinChief #racist #petchlentchild
Not at all CONald, @CNN is your strongest supporter... #NotEvenANiceTryBitch
wasn't it great to watch the CNN called for fact check on HRC staff destroying phones with hammers? Lol lol
Hahaha.....that's the truth! Makes me soooooo thrilled to see this.@realdonaldtrump @cnn
http://chatterboxnow.com/will-watch-presidential-debates/ …
You never have a vote of Mexicans ! So think about how you are going to have those votes missing !

And you have no biases? Shall we call you Saint Donald?
stay on point
Wish you would stop letting this jerk lie about shit that is perfectly visible to normal people. Church was EMPTY.
Thinking we only have the Choices of FRAUD or PURE EVIL is Our Mistake. @GovGaryJohnson is on 50 State Ballots.
no one in my opinion is as crooked as Donald Trump. Why can't he release his taxes if he is so honest?

Don't worry Mr. Trump they are self destructing because the public will not forget, God will not forget!!!
Mop the floor with @kayleighmcenany as usual, @TaraSetmayer and she will start hiding again
bring your tie manufacturing to the inner cities!
they next to msnbc and Rachael are probably the lowest of the low when it beats on u
"Staff, if you get caught in a lie on CNN, deny it and get the hell off the set before the voters catch on."  DJT
did you pilfer bribe money from your charitable org again?  Show us your tax returns, even if you are not a billionaire
Poor Sniveling Donald Trump,  everyone is bias against him. Gee, I wonder why? Maybe they are tired of the BULLSHIT.
RAPEST
You clearly have not read the most recent reports re "e-mails"..#smh
trump thinks only he can be bias as he coins words like "lyin ted" , crazy marco..seriously hypocrite
TRUMP TAKES MONEY FROM SAUDIA ARABIA
yeah, ok,
Donald Trump you rock and CNN won't last forever.
Hey Hitler @realDonaldTrump Eat this! ----> https://www.twitter.com/EPN/status/771423919978913792?p=v … #NeverTrump @cnn
Repito lo que le dije personalmente, Sr. Trump: México jamás pagaría por un muro.  https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/771294347501461504 …
CNN is trying to stop the voices of those who support Trump...not cool CNN....
I refuse to watch them. for now it's Fox and OAN.
you have payoffs from State officials to ignore your University scam
@Kalel_Kalena @CNN Donald, please give YOUR view on this kratom issue and DEA re-scheduling of MJ. #keepkratomlegal
is a liberal jacked up network. Big time boring and embellished stories.

BREACH OF SECURITY BY HILLARY CLINTON CANNOT BE TOLERATED IN THIS COVERT WAR OF TERRORISM
The funny thing is that CNN never releases a press conference or anything she is DOING besides #FundRaisingandResting
we have Hillary's record of decades to go on but all we have from trumpfoolery is what he says release tax records
Donald Trump will not cease to amuse me..
most people are boycotting that bias lying fake news!
Bullshit.
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN Yes, they are so biased they only gave you $2 billion in free air time in the last year. #assclown
Yes, #dumb @realDonaldTrump...#TrumpInDetroit was soooo helpful... 

#TrumpPutin2016
@CNN
To the Liberals you know how dishonest Hillary is yet voting for her "just because". You're a joke, a cartoon. Weak.
I Stopped watching all media except @FoxNews -My Life is much better now  @WeNeedTrump
Maybe CNN is having trouble recalling Hillary lieing. How unamerican to support someone who is so dishonest.
my website is come along http://atrumpcompendium.com 
so Presidential.
trump. what do you think about the wall? Come on! Also you can go below!!!
next time Russia hacks that unsecured server in #Hillary's closet, she'll give them war!
CNN is Hitler with brain-damage on the side. Dance for Crooked Hillary WOLF!
exactly why you shouldn't be president. Bullying the free press
fox news isn't biased at all though right?

#CNNBLACKOUT UPDATE:  The votes are in.  #BlackOutCNN is permanent. | @CNN @AndersonCooper @JakeTapper | #Trump2016 
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN could never be as disgusting in bias as u in ur bigotry!Even media can't feign objectivity to your vileness&insanity
UR starting to sound a little paranoid there. Is Hillary worth losing your sanity over?
There is no country that donates more to the poor than the US , because it is voluntary !
New polls show the majority of Americans no longer trust CNN (almost 60 percent don't). #FINALLY
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/trump-hires-life-long-clinton-attacker-757313603951 …
had a party last night mixed races ages and genders. Everyone there voting trump!!!
please win i dont want a crook in office
----If you are not watching CNN how do you know that it is disgusting and no one is watching
Tell them if they are against the law then they are criminals to. Every illegal in this country is a criminal
Says the bigot...LOL. #NeverTrump
I will just be glad when its over the adds. My!god!help! us! all! You guys shut it out this weekend enjoy life toshort
LOVE YOU!!!!  Thank you for all you are doing!!!
I have stopped watching @CNN as have my friends. They hate you and its so obvious. All supporters STOP watching @CNN.
C. N. N.  = Constant Negative  News

I loathe you and in 64 days I will NEVER have to hear you or  about you or see you. You are a #Liar #crook and #cheat
You are right as usual Mr. Trump! I only watch FOX news. Please throw Hillary in jail when you take office!
It's ok Donnie... we SEE you too!
Regarding my previous Tweet-yes-this'll appeal 2 African Americans-but don't do it 4 votes: Do it 4 the right reason.!
your rally's look like a KKK meeting
Release your tax records.

"Harvard Study Confirms The Media Tore Down Clinton, Built Up Trump And Sanders" Blows up that conspiracy theory!
you need to start your own news network TNN(Trumpnewsnetwork).Mr Trump You will win the presidency.RT#Trump/Pence2016
#crookedhillary is unfit for president
