CONSIDER THIS ; a businessman either from home or abroad would he in vest in a HIGHER TAX USA OR LOWER
LOWER! !TAX COUNTRY AND MORE WORK!!
Donald start out with an apology and take clintons power away it will throw her off her game
low taxes jobs jobs jobs build a wall Team USA keep safe take it to Hillary go on offense offense D J T go go
AGREED 100%!!! Pence=CLASS+GRACE vs DESPERATION=Kaine
Looks like you were had by GOP, they want you to step down and put Pence in. Sad.
- mention new revelations re:email fiasco during rebuttal segments.  Try to relate email fiasco with question
he losing dude.. What debate are you looking at???
He is, its just too bad that his running mate is you Donald. Otherwise he might have had a chance!
except he lied when denying everything you have said! #quitDonald
this election is about change and the future. We need change. Make it happen Mr. Trump and Gov. Pence!!!!
This election is about the future and change. Make it happen Mr. Trump!!
@BorisEP @mike_pence yep no contest @timkaine is the best. Second to none.
people that are voting Hillery...I hold u responsible for my kids future
:)
VP Candidate Tim Kaine is raking Pence ova the Coals and leaving him with a stupid lookin smile on his face
agreed
... what are you WATCHING?
Thank you for being OUR VOICE! #MAGA
I agree
Kaine is a ducking weasel liar. Rude and annoying.  He's not likable.
really? What r you watching scooby doo?
take notes! You have a job to do Sunday
just like you did in your debate!
hahahaha. Just like you won the last debate? You’re delusional.
Good Pick !
love it D. #Kaine keeps saying he's got lots of scar tissue! Is he ok? Lol
Absolutely!
Debate would be more insightful if Elaine started to moderate
Nyet
bros!  You said same thing when you lost your debate to  #HRC
mike is letting Kaine get away with too much. Step on him.
Great hiring choice!
Mike Pence needs to get in that basket
release your tax records!
Kaine needs to stop interrupting pence!!!
but you also thought you won when you clearly didn't #badjudgement
Calm, believable. Solid.
trump you are amazing bud TRUMP16
God help us if Hilary's health fails and this dope kaine is in charge 
your guy is having it easy! Kaine is killing himself with the attitude!
Two scam artists Trying to sell America smoke and mirrors
A true patriot gentleman respectable VP.
He's sinking like a sad russian ship
You are SOOO right. it's him vs the numbers and the numbers are WINNING. #tigerBlood #VPDebate
your right, but the other way around. And he's boring......
Tim Kaine is really creepy!
Keep strong Mr. Trump! We are with you and refuse to loose focus! Don't let them get you down to their level!!!
excellent VP choice..
.@realDonaldTrump You should just  have @mike_pence stand-in for you for all future debates w/ @HillaryClinton #VPdebate
Better still, have him stand in at the top of the ticket!!
- they want you to waste time defending your faults.  Don't let her bait you. Answer questions like Pence did.

- Be a pillar of integrity during debate - let HRC interrupt like Kaine did.  Go after her during rebuttal time
You must be kidding, take off your blindfolds and wake up to the truth Donald is done
pence lied his way through the debate. Doesn't him the "winner" - just makes him a liar.
Please be real. You & any1 with 1/2 a brain knows 9/11 was an inside job. You don't have the balls to tell? I choose truth.
bcuz he is not letting Hillary get the best of him. We need the wht house.  Help us out Trump
He's showing great midwest control of himself
no answers didn't/couldn't defend trump
Maybe by design? Hillary's campaign appears 2 try 2 force Trump 2 defend rather than have substance.
trump has no substance I heard at least twice pence agreeing with Kaine rude? This is important
why do they have to disagree on everything? They agreed on community police and religion...
ok that's fair but let's keep it honest no lying
like smashing phones and deleting emails? I don't think Trump lies, I think he's not a politician
trump lies constantly pence lied over &over if u don't accept that that's basic unfortunate
#BasketOfDeplorables #BasementDwellers Arrogant Hillary hates anyone who disagrees w/her. Will she dronestrike us too?
When you use an adjective in front of someone's name, it doesn't make a bad argument better. #Solame
Dont tell me how to tweet, you're a bum with no followers and no activity, your twitter sucks, mine rules.
Well, according to you, your twitter rules. Not like you're biased or anything.
I wish he would get a word in. that Kant keeps talking over pence
PIPSQUEAK KAINE! Is the most LAZY S.O.B. EVER to be a politician! He has been Disavowed by the Catholic Church!
hahahaha you and your minions are done
.it's over..you are getting crushed
was totally Amazing!!! He was truly a gentleman ! Kaine was a mess !!! #TrumpPence16
BEEN SAID THIS DEBATE WON'T MOVE POLL #'s BEG TO DIFFER 4 THE 1st TIME I THINK IT WILL GREAT JOB! @BretBaier
No comparison!!! 
Pence is going to be a great Vice President!
yeah you should his running mate. But wait then @mike_pence loose the election.
The moderator wasn't unbiased.  HRC paid her off.
He did great!
mike pence did fantastic tonight!
yes how do u feel that he did a better job than u did and did not defend u
Sure, liar.
why don't you sound more like pence. He is great
he couldn't get the name of our school right, yet he's doing a great job?! #YouTriedIt
they just said Tim Kane was the clear winner!
Was Pence advised not to answer questions, or does he simply have no answers?
you can't defend Trumps comments about women.
why is kaine getting 5 minutes and she keeps pence on a 2 minute or less. With kaine interrupting
national disgrace!  Pence your career is over and Don let Melania (aka immigrant) out of her room  #clinton2016
I agree..no contest...Kaine is winning!
he isn't doing well but he is doing better than you did. You were a huge loser
Maine can't help himself from interrupting...rude rude rude
Bingo on Iran agreement running out
Kaine looked like he had gas pains when Pence was speaking. Hey and Hillary have same facial tics and twitches
Kaine is the perfect liberal hack.  He never shuts up....just like hillary....annoying.
he looks like a gentleman, next president after Trump.
no kidding!
when Kaine believes his lies he enters denial, when he professes his lies to be truth he is delusional & insane
look at Kaine's red face snuff packed mouth

feds do not control law enforcement in the states. Each state runs its own law enroll.
Kaine just keep lying and lying its amazing...now left will try to tie Trump and Putin with business deals
1 thing Kaine picked up from Clinton is the ability to lie and just make up crap and pretend it's fact.
Well It's Settled; Pathological Lying IS CONTAGIOUS.
Moderator letting Tim Kaine interrupt, but somehow Tim looks even more desperate as a result.
won't answer the questions because he can't defend Trump
he's a liar just like you!
What????  Incomprehensible??
Please, puhleease take notes, Donald.
GO KAINE
Yes. So proud of you and Mike Pence!  Thank you!!  MAGA!!!
wasn't even close! Great Job Gov Pence.  Specially not being as rude as the other person.
couldn't stand Kaine interrupting Pence, had to turn it off.
Agree!!@
why is it that the moderator won't tell Jaime to shut the hell up so we can hear mr pence
why don't you point out that she used the tax laws to claim a loss as well?

TK just doesn't Get it!
A great job by Mike Pence!  Trump- Pence a winning ticket.
You're as transparent as the release of your tax returns! You're successful right? Release your tax returns!
no way
S T R O N G !!!!  Mike!
Pence is coming across as "appropriately" confident. That's what I look for in a candidate.
@MonaSalama_ @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence I had never heard of the guy when #Trump picked him, but I'm impressed! #TrumpTrain #MAGA
It's a skill U learn over decades of hiring talent.
maybe he should be on the top of the ticket.
He doing as well as you did bottoms up
You saying it has become the laugh of the night. You have no credibility left and there are 30+ days to go.
can @timmcaine hush!!! Crap!! He's been so pre-planned he can't handle Pence answers so he   interrupts!!! Yuk!
doing a much better job than the shitshow you pulled last week. Pence should do your next debate prep, buffoon!
cert presidential
Kaine is desperate and it shows Boss!
I love Mike he is so polite and humble. Tim on the other hand is rude, bratty and loud!

They are trying to get self inflicting wounds off the ground hahaha.
Mike Pence is calm,
strong and in charge of this debate.  Tim is tense and jumpy - defending the indefensible.
@timkaine TIM KAINE IS A LIBERAL CLINTON ASS KLOWN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What filter are u watching it thru?
Much better than you did!
You must not be watching the debate tonight.
Great pick for VP.  Respectful, honest, good for USA.. Trump 2016!!
Mike Pence really knows what he is talking about....Im Impressed.....
Awesome job, Pence!! Lots of feedback how Kaine is just too yappy & annoying!
Yeah, basically said facts don't matter. perfect running mate for you
please call this moderator out. End her career. She calls #Pence out n never the clown.
Kaine is so unlikable and shows the body language of a liar!

@TeamTrump @mike_pence Pence is wiping the floor with red faced @timkaine face.
so calm and collected. sends off great wibes..Kaine on the other hand is all over the place
it is. You and Pence lost both debates.
You must be watching a different debate.
Yes he is
you picked an ace VP Mr. Trump.
Caine's a loose cannon, can't stop interrupting.  Sign of insecurity!
Kaine is much a liar as hillary
Show us your Taxes
once again rehearsed foreseen ?s. What a rude creepy guy Kane is.
Good afternoon.  please listen to Rush today if you get a chance. He is beside himself ANGRY. Worth the listen.
-Why is it that Tim Kaine's microphone works perfectly while Mike Pence's does not? Should stop debate and fix.
she keeps letting Kaine talk over @mike_pence and won't interrupt him. Pissing us off
we lost ground today polls down because of Donald mouth. He's risking our win.let mike pence do his job tonight
more people deported under Obama's administration than previous administrations. You're insane.
I didn't agree on the VP choice at first but now I love the Pence! #silverfox
First impressions are the best impressions. Pence knocked it out!
Have you been studying? Do you even know which one @mike_pence is?
anyone who would vote for crooked hillary is blind....we MUST get a career politician out of the white house...
has  some competition, #timkaine is a bigger bully….
.@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
absolutely. Mike Pence is outstanding.
love this. Pence is rocking this.
Pence ate Kanes lunch
Pence is so much more composed than Kaine. He owns this debate!
yea right.All he's doing is shaking his head n smiling at d truth @timkaine is telling
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ !
Maybe you should step back and let someone who has a clue be on the top of the ticket!!
Which debate are you watching? Democrats are shutting out the Republicans.@Fox26Houston #WYP
http://www.freedomworks.org/content/three-texas-counties-opted-out-social-security …
Con man in chief and vice perpetrator taking you for the ride of your lives.
#DeleteYourAccount
Great job @mike_pence you have Kaine dancing
no contest?   Any time Pence is asked to defend Trump he falls flat on his face!!
Donald you are the greatest
Love me some Pence
Tim Kaine is doing a great job.  So far, no contest.
