LOCK HER UP ALREADY
I am pleased to be part of this amazing history being made.
YOU ARE NOT FIT FOR ANY POLITICAL OFFICE INCLUDING DOG CATCHER.
Talking about oneself in the 3rd person....the true sign of a narcissist.
I had an open mind and you've had your chance to lead...but you just get more pathetic by the day. Sad!
you made promises.want to see the wall.we need to see Hillary in Jail.and the jobs back to USA.saw beyond his lies.
.@realDonaldTrump since when do you listen to Hillary? When it's convenient to you?
your fanatic supporters keep saying to give you more chances to destroy the country and you have cost it enough so far.
este miserable anciano loco ignorante desquiciado Payaso es de lo peor que existe en el mundo como político Fascista
delusional
get um killa I got your back
you owe us,the American People.  We are your Boss.  We will fire your was.
wrong.
.l.m. M..m.mom
I didn't vote for him!
the same chance you gave PRESIDENT OBAMA?
Give the man a chance already.
hola
You will always be considered illegitimate. HRC is real POTUS. The only thing owed to you is hatred & disrespect.
@CharlesS1952 We will show Mr. Trump we will always have his back. We will always fight for President Elect Trump.
looking forward to your presidency, Heavy is the head that wears the crown.
Good luck
we don't owe you anything except a swift kick in  the  ass. You and uncle Vladimir.  Potussr
since when do YOU care what HRC has to say? You #treasonous #putinspuppet embarrassment to America.
we owe you as much respect as you gave. So zero. #putinspuppet #notmypresident #thinkshesking #gotnoclothes #tinyhandedliar
yea the same respect that everyone gave President Obama
chance to lead means showing a mature and tolerant attitude decision making not insult people, states and countries.
just get out already.
we need to go out from United Nations
would that be the same open mind you gave him re your birther campaign. What goes around...
You talk about yourself in the third person?   That's a bit freaky!!
That wasn't exactly  a landslide!
you are sad you are treasonous with Russia and others but cry baby wants his way how much per precinct did you pay to win
that's why I started following your tweets even though Hillary was the more experienced candidate #staypresidential
what for, he can't lead if he can't tell the truth
"Trump is going to be our president. Sad".  There.  Fixed it for you.  Pathetic!
@risetoflyy New Communist Party run buyJill& Burnie will cause as much trouble as they can, Ryan will also & Senate will
I'll give you as much a chance as conservatives gave Obama. Fair?
we owe you an open mind because yours is not open. When we HAVE TO tolerate something, that must at least be ENOUGH (4 u)
You are NOT my president. No bully, no con-artist, no liar, no woman-molester, no criminal will ever be my president!
Owe HIM an open mind?  ...when his mind is closed?
.@realDonaldTrump If I have an open mind will you show me something that doesn't verify my worst nightmares? @CNN @VanJones68 #UnfitToServe
I thought you were blocking haters like a 13 year old girl
Seems there are still plenty on here
reality usa mr president.......
have no faith in a racist bigot and never will. I will never call him president.  We owe him nothing
Hitlery said that; yet, she can’t seem to be honest about anything even in her name Hilary the word LIAR is in there.
The saddest thing is the entire Universe is YOU.  May God strike you down, the sooner the better.
why are you referring to yourself as Trump? or was that Kellyanne taking your phone away from you LOL
will never trust u bc u lie all the time. U don't deserve a chance
we owe him ETERNAL scrutiny the same thing we owe EVERY president
unless the Hamilton Electors* have their way.

*Google them, dummy
You are president elect. It's time to man up, stop crying and blaming everyone
please try to understand the concept of Twitter.  Long statements use a press release.  You will seem less stupid

open mind does not mean we do not question and stupidly follow whatever we are told. This is still a democracy.
Love you Donald! Thank you for running and winning!  I was in the trenches working my butt off.
Trusting in you! I once won a writing contest to meet you..have always admired your genius, Donald.
We have a right to verify our votes. It should be universal and in every close election.
I'm with TRUMP.!!!
No you are a sad excuse for a president--the majority of Americans DO NOT WANT YOU
#NEVERMYPRESIDENT
I have a lot of faith in you. With that, I hope you are going to honor the Nativa American treaties & support Sioux tribe
She, unlike you, was trying to be classy. You should take notes
she is a hypocrite crooked person and in being gracious to her @HillaryClinton showed her colors prosecute her!
DEAL WITH TRUMP
WHY ARE YOU SPEAKING OF YOURSELF IN THE THIRD PERSON?  OR IS THAT JUST ONE OF YOUR ALTERNATE PERSONALITIES TALKING?
we owe the same respect shown by him to  President Obama for the past 8 years. No more, no less.
Stop speaking about yourself in the third person you are a 70 year old man!
he owes us his Fking tax returns!!! Let's see them!!!
@magnifier661 say Hillary?
BOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!
US plywood tariff case threatening US cabinet company jobs. Would use US wood if EPA allowed cutting down trees!
NOT MY PRESIDENT
You need to fpcus on your new job, and stop wasting your time with twitter tantrums.
You need to go to your Intelligence briefings. You need to learn diplomacy. You need to stop appointing bigots w/0 skillls.
This was before we all found out that you and your Russian buddies rigged it. 2 million+ votes and counting.
not just a brand anymore. This is not a reality show. You ARE the President. And newsflash, SNL always spoofs that guy.
what's sad is you caring so much about SNL. As a smart business man you know you are just boosting their ratings with every
DJT blatantly lies again! HRC's comment was about accepting correct results. 

Recount makes sure numbers are correct.
@JudyHHarrison nope
Trump is not going to be my president....never will!  Hillary should have been president and you know it!
WHO IS TWEETING THIS!!! Stop TWEETING
wrong
he'll never ever be president to the majority of Americans.  We owe him the respect that you gave our Z President.
A binding Social Compact between your Administration and the American people of your intentions would show transparency.
I stand with trump!
We'll be as open minded about you as you were about President Obama, BEST PRESIDENT WHO EVER LIVED.  You will ruin us. QUIT
#realDonaldTrump Why do we "owe" you anything?  You didn't give our current President the chance to lead.  Double Standard.
Why do we "owe" you anything, especially this?  You didn't give our current President the chance to lead.  Double Standard.

ugly new norm not an option
What! You want the respect you did not show President Obama. Never will show you respect. Never. Show us your taxes.
Can't we all just move on.....
true but if settles things once and for all and helps put things ease, what will it hurt. Peace and higher road.
We're making wind turbines in Iowa. Real manufacturing jobs. The oil industry doesn't provide jobs. Keep pipes out of Iowa.
Hey d-bag, how is poisoning our water supply good for all Americans? Get that shit out of Iowa. We don't want it here.
Electoral College could dump you. But you & your people are making death threats now, right? Else, why travel where U won?
The same open mind and chance to lead that you gave President Obama? Sad!
#Trumpgret
you are supporting dakota pipeling? disappointment
kind of like all the time and $$ spent investing HRC? What are you AFRAID OF?
many things are more important than money. Like the safety and freedom of our citizens.
WE DONT OWE AN AVOUT WHITE SUPREMACIST LOVER NOTHING
congratulations trump billionaire what we ask you is to release my grandfather from dominican Republic or give us millions
I can only hope & pray that your children and grandchildren will suffer from your Presidency as much as the rest of us!
No BS, what will you do for me?
What will you to do for us? You gave Carrier 7M in tax breaks. I owe 1K, am unemployed, 3 yr old kid, 66yrs old!
Scared Donny?
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-michigan-recount_us_5840b020e4b017f37fe3d8a9 …
what makes you sad? You dont show emotion. @Trevornoah
I have been very hard on you, but some of your ideas are worthwhile. Learn that to HELP PEOPLE is the best way: magnanimity
woman scorn forget Hillary Clinton she can leave if she doesn't like it
I owe him nothing he isn't my president he is disgusting and should NEVER HAVE BEEN ALLOWED TO SEEK THE OFFICE
you know what's even sadder? The fact that you are the president elect.
You should be ENCOURAGING a recount. Clinton won popular vote by more than 2.5 million! People feel cheated
@htiken I thought YOU were Trump.
There's a statistical anomaly in the voting in some states - fed govt should be paying for the investigation 100%.
No one's refusing to accept election result - there's a statistical anomaly that must be checked.
Point of recount is not to change final result but to investigate statistical anomaly & make sure system is secure.
so. That makes Hillary maybe a sort of liar when she losses and you a rapist no matter what so...
what's the world coming to?? Our president is more worried about twitter then protecting our country#epicfailure#
What's "sad" is you believing you're a leader!
.@realDonaldTrump like GOP did with Obama, Dems really need to steal their playbook
NOT MY PRESIDENT
yes she is great at spending someone else's money. Including dumb Georgy Soros. He's and she are skum.
we owe our president elect respect and a chance.
way to rub noses in it. so adult
I'll give Trump the same "open mind" that he is demonstrating.
este miserable loco ignorante desquiciado Payaso de Trump le sale es manicomio amarren a ese loco anciano desmemoriado
I know he will prove you wrong.....
Good Trump, nice dude.
Four years of Comedy Central seriously. Live from New York It's SNL live. Twitter and a Trump Bot in the White House, wow!
3rd person? Sad and Mad. #istrumpinsane
.....be the President to All Americans...Save Medicare.
You get the same chance that the Repub-lickens gave to OBAMA
those hate Trump are the one wants US rule by terrorist and change the country to United States of Al Islam
No, @realDonaldTrump! We demand your tax returns. We demand total #Divestiture of business interests & a real #BlindTrust. #ComplyOrResign
...yo, when do we get to see his taxes....open wide
Ex-W.T.O ,honour your promises
/ must be libral
Jobs creat more jobs, more money  more jobs more business  more jobs, more jobs, more business  snow ball
,/ one big comp.will make more jobs restaurants, stores, gas stations & all that goes w/ jobs make more jobs, move money
What can we do about these insane state passed increases on minimum wages and it's devastating affect on small businesses?
Oh, D, are you tweeting about your thin skin?  How sad.
Yet, I believe in the American system. It is set to place people in office that Am. needs. Congratulations, Mr. President.
I agree. It is probably very sad for many.
she is such a hypocrite! So is Obama! Please don't forget that:)
#NotMyPresident
can you help with disabled and Medicare get dental  coverage
what happen to DRAIN THE SWAMP?
I love a replay when my team wins.  Not so sure those who paid for the recount will be so happy.
My mind is open. At least til I die from my pre existing condition.
