seems the problem with your transition wasn’t Obama’s doing but more due to your poor choices - your picks for appointments, many of whom are gone; some under indictment now; your violations of the Logan Act, and your choice to run president in the first place.
You poor baby.  You don't deserve this!  You've been nothing but kind and civil to President Obama, and respectfully refrain from making inflammatory statements about...oh shit, wait.  #dumbfuck #TreasonousTrump
If the roadblock appeared in front of a clear road w/o a warning sign, the President was wrong.  However, if the roadblock has a warning sign: "avalanches" before you get to crossroad & you ignore the sign - your a fool & deserve what you get.  @CNN
It is not smoothe because of you. U refuse to tk yr job seriously, act like a kid. Treasonous. Not about Obama, about YOU.
Mr. President you have done a fantastic job, I am a 100 % disable Desert Storm War Veteran and I appreciate all that you do

He was a small man whose ego was a huge part of our nation's problem.
Hell nothing about you is smooth not even your lies.
an other president EVER, even the crook and murderer BUSH!  What more will it take another murder by Clinton, by SOROS???
Evidence is surfacing to the contrary.  If proven, what will YOU do?  We want him in prison. He has done more harm to this country than
Obama should have his pension stopped, all benefits.  His pictures removed from the White House.  My guess is he was NOT born in Hawaii.
Obama is a LIAR, a fraud....you have the evidence????  Seth Rich, all the deaths caused by Podesta and DNC, Clintons and nothing is done?
You just cant 'DISREGARD' them.  Use your POWER to legally STOP THEM.  ARREST THEM FOR GOD'S SAKE!
how are people still allowing you to tweet?!?!?!?!
were you just not loved enough as a child
he's done so much with his life trump saved America
In what way?
THERE GOING TO TALK ABOUT SOMETHING IF HE SHOWED THEM THEY WOULD FINF SOMETHING ELSE TO SAY ALL THEY HAVE
We are praying for you President Trump, your Family, V.P. Pence & Family, your entire Cabinet, Advisors, Aides, Staff, All.
Be Strong in Christ Jesuschrist!its a blessing to have a president who believes in God And Jesus Christ!
Jesus Christ would be appalled by @realdonaltrump actions and greed and lies!
I get it,you don't like Trump.mk
we all want a public hearing & trial.  YOU, your family and your supporters deserve that much. ty for what your doing for us.
jealousy is cruel as the grave...we're praying for you President Trump and all your family...
He Is Our Beloved President, We fight false flags & leftist tyranny with Our Beloved Pres.Trump, 1000% Support
you certainly have enough evidence against Obama and his admin., Clintons, Podesta, Clapper, Brennan & Comey.  When are you going to indict
People are saying  that every time you lie it weakens the wall of your heart. People are saying It's true.
Heureusement que O'bama te complique la vie !!! Tu es dangereux pour les USA et pour la planète !!!
hang in there. We're behind you
where was EXTREME VETTING of your own cabinet? Disgraceful.
I never thought that it would be. Obama's a sociopathic narcissist who lies like he breaths. No one is surprised by this!!!
@GrannyJojuana The American people are with you and know the truth please stand firm and #MAGA God bless and be strong
Obama didn't do a damn thing.
"not"? Lol "peek-a-boo trumpy-poo"
go trump
hahahahaha The 80s/90s joke is back! Thanks a lot, Obama! NOT!
@magaohio2016 goes to show you sir just how many people in this country would rather hate & divide us, than love & unite us
I knew that you were not up for the job How you became President I don't know but if Voter fraud it was for you not Hillary
You won, don't give attention to loser baiting.
@danielkotowski1 Your worse than a homewrecker!!!!
what's does that mean?
what? I just see Trump opening his mouth & causing problems more than he thinks before talking. No way
ok I thought it was me. Lol
nope!! Not at all my friend!!
Thanks for the great sacrifices you and our family are making to protect us and correct our problems.
Obama is incompetent. He's making a fool of himself. Mr President stay the course. I finally feel confident in America!
President O is like a vindictive ex-wife.He is a type of a deposed oriental despotic queen rather than Americam president.
He really need's to keep his mouth shut now that he mean shit now he had 8 years go away
You are so childish.
@jerrysaltz 
I want to thank you for all that you have done already. I believe you WILL make America great again
@jerrysaltz waaaaaaaa
You represent the worst of humanity. You shouldn't be where you are. You are a fraud and you know it. America hates you.
Don't disregard it. He was the best and you are a dictatorial, fascist, nazi with the temperament of an over-tired infant.
Are you a 1993 teenager?
@robdelaney no...it's true....you will be held accountable by democrats, media and populace. Nothing will b smooth.
#so delusional#soScary #soNazi
what made you think it would be a smooth transition when you lost the popular vote by 3 million registered legit voters???
@robdelaney "not" jokes are the best jokes
does you taint smell like cumin? Mine does!
@robdelaney I guess @realDonaldTrump is more of a 90s @snl fan? I hope he doesn't deport Lorne back to #Canada
Then just quit.
We, the American People have your back!  #WomenForTrump!
@robdelaney
don't disregard. Listen to your constituents and ask yourself why we hate you so much.

A man your age doesn't need this kind of stress. Take some time off – a month, a year, four years. You look haggard.
@robdelaney obviously not working.
Are you really criticizing Obama for inflammatory statements? REALLY???? YOU ARE DELUSIONAL!
you are a great big giant fool. GROW UP
shut up
cunt
Donnie is such a bloated little orange snowflake. Sad!
You have small hands.
you have a small brain!
praying for strength for you to just be above it! You're going to be the best president EVER!
You will never be my president #calexit
do you ever stop complaining

Keep the faith Mr President Elect, just remember after January 20th YOUR THE MAN and allot of people are already scared!
Sir can we say fot him an invisible evil.?

Reminder"We the people"DIDN'T elect his KIDS 2 run OUR country.

Actually"We the people"by a majority DIDN'T elect @realDonaldTrump either.
@KellyannePolls https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/813233557313351680/video/1 …
You reap what you sow, comrade. I'm sure Putin will make it easy for you to sell out America. #POS
God is on your side, you don't need Mr. O anyways!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #mypresident Trump
You talk tough but you are really a whinny little man who is not tough enough to be president. Little Donny
Inflammatory.
Awwwww cut deep, didn't it? You'll have to face reality some day, though. Obama is just much more popular than you are!
<<== I thought presidential transitions would always include sane participants, NOT!!
"Inflammatory"
Let's take a closer look at that birth certificate. @BarackObama was described in 2003 as being "born in Kenya." http://bit.ly/Klc9Uu 
Hah, you're great. Keep fighting the good fight against this orange clown.
Is anyone shocked that a man who actively spreads #AIDS to unknowing victims is not a fan of @realDonaldTrump? @charliesheen  @BarackObama?

Thank God he will be gone soon! Look forward to YOU being OUR PRESIDENT!!!
.@realDonaldTrump you have to start thinking, speaking and writing like a grown up now.
NOT? ?   Oh, for the love of God, you're doing Borat now?
Then stop tweeting and get to work.
This is your best? Sad!
you're a classless piece of trash and you're never going to be president. You'll see a jail cell before the White House

The true America is behind you President Trump. Together we can go thru any obstacle or roadblock that Obama creates!
yeah cuz you're as smooth as swallowing rocks
Good news @realDonaldTrump: Obama won a landslide victory over you for Most Admired Man, but you won that vote among the voices in your head
@ChastityBelt33 @realDonaldTrump Watch out Keith, this fool has the codes.
He is smarter than you will ever be and he will always be my President.  You on the other hand #notmypresident
Donald just wants what every owner of a 200' yacht wants. A 250' yacht. When will it end? #AntiTrump #Trump #TrumpLeaks #trumptrain #maga ?
Greed never ends. Money or power. It's a sickness. #AntiTrump
was Hillary any different?
and Obama is more admired than you. It shouldn't matter much but we know it does to you!  http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/dec/28/obama-beats-out-donald-trump-2016s-most-admired-ma/ …
By "doing your best" does that mean tweet about it every day?
yes, the corrupt media Trump doesn't want you to believe. The ones reporting his crimes
Trump University Fraud, illegal use of foundation charity money to start.
7 trillion in nation debt enough said Obama sucked
UR fat & ugly. Obama is handsome, stately, & carries himself like a real man. U can't bc U have tiny hands & a tinier penis
.@realDonaldTrump Do you mean inflammatory statements like your own tweets?
Look at me, I'm a confused old man.
NEVR MY PRESIDENT......EVER
what did you expect when you CHEATED to WIN!
ha, the only one that cheated was hrc and still lost.  Don't forget about that. Debate questions.
I think you added an "s" there. BTW, what were Joe Scarborough & Mika doing in Trump hotel room before debate? @keiferla
that's just what we know that has been proved. She was prepped and still lost. Lmao. Dont see donna on cnn anymore.
Donna left CNN when she took over DNC. Unlike Lewandowski who was still on Trump payroll. @keiferla
she was "fired". Nice try though.
As far as debates, HRC never lost a single debate. She lost election because Trump was more informed?  Hahahaha!! @keiferla
If by informed you mean spew lies and FYI He was elected by the electoral not the people Let that sink in @chief3946 @keiferla
Morning Deplorable! Hope the waters are fine. When I get back, next week, I'd like to ask you about this. Is that ok?
Mornin' ma'am :) Waters are smooth and the sun's out! No problem at all, ma'am. Hope the UK's good! @SherylNYT
Warm & sunny on the coast yesterday. Foggy inland. Amazing history, great pub food & good country folks. Back in London now.
Try out some Sri Lankan food if y'all are up to it! :) Place called Sekeras at St James Palace. Spicy but love it! Wish y'all..  @SherylNYT
Chicken, yes. Prawns, yes. Mutton, maybe. Devilled wild boar . . . ??? Me thinks not.
http://www.sekara.co.uk/main-courses 
 Prawn curry with string hoppers.... you will LOVE it! @SherylNYT
U R going to be POTUS. Stop acting like a bratty teenager. Pres. Obama could give U lessons in class & sportsmanship.
from a man of integrity and intelligence to you.....what a failure of government we have ahead of US.
According to a recent FB post, the only time you've ever done anything smooth is when you grabbed a woman by the . . .
You do not help matters with your own statements. You  tend to add salt into injury. Think far and act wisely=Success
haters are everywhere, so are lovers of usa, you are the best thing that has happened to USA
your pacifier is waiting in the white house
Move to Russia.  You're not wanted here. #trumpthief #notmypresident #donnysfake #trumpbigot #trumpliar
go sniff more coke...
well we don't want you as president!! Hillary won the popular vote. Nobody likes you so step down!!!

President O transition wasn't smooth either. Look at all the people that fought him. Too much hate.
Warned you in one of my tweets that he would create CIVIL STRIFE to stay in. @5b20be6386164f8
Transformation begins in our own souls, overflowing to marriage, then family, then world. Praying for you and MassImpact.us
You spend way to much time tweeting....Lets focus on preparing to run the Country...Twitter means nothing!!!!
he's a short timer....waste of your energy.
1992 called, they want their "Not" joke back.#yourereallyold
Well, I guess that makes you wrong. You should be used to that, you tiny-handed imbecile.

why not?
not a smooth transition because you're still filling the swamp. Divest of you businesses now. You're unfit for office.
Goodmorning from California! This is the beginning of greatness! #trumptrainfromday1
http://facebook.com/wickedtransmissions … #transmissions
What is wrong with you. Shame.
@Trump4Hope The #Scorpion always stings the frog and both die. As long as America dies #BO is OK with it.

DON'T  YOU REMEMBER HE LIES!!! Why would he change?
you are entirely different president of USA.
G.Chittibabu,
India
@protesting2016
And we're doing our best to ignore you'll be POTUS in 3 wks.
I love ya!
Preparation H will take care of your "inflammation". There's a cure for your butthurt Mr. Trump!
amen , Obama's "scorched earth policy" on his way out is very sick and demented and shows he's a destroyer not a builder
I love that you're like a million years old and still talk like a 13 year kid old in the 90s. Such a hip and with it prez.
Yep, pity the idea of giving someone a fair go has no appeal to a lot of people these days.
party on Garth. Using movie lingo makes u sound dumb. Dumb Donnie Flipperhead.
BO looks foolish with each step he takes.  January 20 can't get here fast enough...
I'm ready to move the Obamas out of the White House
and hope we never hear from them again
