Still self projecting. Sad!

You’re excluding yourself and Roy Moore then, I assume?
Mr Trump. Every woman I know is behind you! The polls are not true
@InetF Better Fact Check that one there is Hillary you know!
it was Bill Donny and he is not running. U are.  And u are a disgrace to this nation
Hillary and the Catholic Church both support child molester's and I can say that because  I am a Catholic
#StormyDanielsDay Donnie boy!
Bill is not running for the presidency 
Just the issues!!
.@realDonaldTrump let's talk emails
normal people typically delete emails periodically.  @realDonaldTrump but yes Donnie let's talk emails. I'll wait.@FoxNews
of course ppl delete emails. He probably has someone print all emails for him. He's stuck in 1950s
But he kicked Hillary's big ass in that debate, didn't he? Y'all mad?
not mad at all since I disagree he won. But it matters on 11/9. I believe u will be mad @MomsThoughts @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
@TamiNantz words were "unfortunate"?! Add this tweet to the list of reason I'd never vote Trump.
@HillaryClinton is awesome, isn't she?
don't think I said @HillaryClinton is awesome. I have a moral compass - and therefore can't support either
I do too, that's why I can't put a woman who supports the butcher of babies in the WH.
to be fair - Trump has also been pro-choice. As I said - I can't support either. Equally bad
Must be a lonely life...being so holy & having to deal with mortals.
Bill Clinton is an actual rapist.
sat fad
Deflect, Deflect, Deflect. No respect.
You are so Right
Hillary is getting nervous she stuttering
is doing an amazing job!  Love how the audience boos when HRC starts talking.
@DarwinsMyth so true

Hey man!!! Your sniffing AGAIN.
yes there has and that is Cheeto Head
tonights debate moderators should have  asked  followup questions. #Debates2016  #MAGA  their biases are so obvious
No, you bragged about it!
You're so nasty
@StormyDaniels This may not age well...
watch Hillary's audience will not be told to be quite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SSa9tTa0-k …
Too bad you're not running against him. It would be a lot closer.
unfortunate? That right there is the problem
bill clinton is not running for president
Mr.Trump Godspeed! Goal Mr.Trump!
you're the pervert
you exposed Hilary for the liar she is!! She belongs in prison!
#crookedhilary #trumpwins #hilaryforprison
you have my vote u always have
funny but the video I watched and heard you were bragging about what you DO and DID to women so not just words liar.
#will you ever take responsibility for YOUR actions?
is Bill Clinton runnning for president?
there is a comeback from what you said 11yrs ago but there is no comeback to what Bill and Hillary have done to women.
Look at her lying about Bill, lying about Obama birther and more...

1st woman as Attorney General, 90% of American children vaccinated, increased money for breast cancer research @billclinton
Maybe that'll happen when you actually answer a question
@SamCl God Bless Donald Trump!!! #debate #MAGA #NeverHillary #BillClintonIsARapist
irrelevant he's not running for president talk about something that matters before you blow this
Family & Medical Leave Act of 1993, Violence Against Women Act, State Children's Health Insurance Program = @billclinton
the corrupt and embedded politicians they live in a bubble they can do whatever they want to do screw them go hard at them
Bill is not running dork
Bill accused of mistreating a twelve year old. Trump never raped anyone less than thirteen years old!
You know Bill Clinton isn't in this race, right?
YOU are a sexual predator. WE, THE PEOPLE, KNOW.
@Dongkey_kong @seanhannity @Hillaryhatesus @HillaryClinton @CNN @foxnation @Vapor924 @
people who blame others for their actions are guilty!!
lock this pig up!
Hopefully your words aren't unfortunate in the situation room
Your allowed to flirt clinton shot his load over a young girls dress and put his cigar in her pussy
Until you, @realDonaldTrump
have you considered paying the Haitian people who help the American for they freedom if you are elected
Aw hell naw. All Bill did was get a blowjob. You got two divorces.
No Donnie you are the most abusive to women in politics hands down followed by R Moore your lackey.
maybe that was true, but then you entered politics and changed all that. How's that rape trial going, btw?
.Then came vile #Unfit4Prez ! ! ! !
Why is she promoting Nude? Why are the promoting Naked products ? Why are they promoting Nude products ?
You and Bill Clinton are in the same club in that regard. But pots/kettles don't register with you.
Bifference  Clinton did all the things you talked about doing! He raped and sexually assault women too. Allegedly!
But he isn't running for President, you are. Your "locker room" talk promotes sexual assault. Hypocritical, no? #debate
stop talking so much! Listen and think before responding
.@realDonaldTrump Stop tweeting and focus on the debate. You're dying out there, pal.
I'm pretty sure you're more than words. You & your buddy Epstein have similar tastes
you have a history of abusing women verbally and maybe even physically you are repulsive
thats why i said talk is talk,  but action means everything
He isn't running for President! Get something new to cry about!
Didn't bill clinton rape a girl in 1969 and was expelled from oxford.
Your words were braggingly describing your actions. Your actions amounted to assault. Does it get much worse than that?
something tells your actions would be unfortunate
unfortunate for you.

aren't you currently being accused of raping a female when she was 13?!
You are #pondscum
I agree bill is a rapist! Trumps got my vote!

grab em by pussy. Ol boy.
Bill Clinton set the standard for how NOT to act in the oval office.
gutter rat
i guess ripping your 1st wife's hair put while u screwed is ok though
Bill is not in the ballot. Hillary is, Moron. Most Women will stand by her man, when he is in trouble for the sake of kids!
No. You brag about your "locker room talk" and conquests; exactly what creates a culture of rape. #NeverTrump
ok that's enough of him. You did a good job. Now get some sleep.
Drink antifreeze it's tasty
this is not a valid defense Donny.
the same University you'll be out on the next debate
like a grade school child. . "But Billy did it first!"   #SniffSniff
I am a proud supporter of Donald Trump and will vote Trump on Election Day we all say things we regret who cares?!?!
I do believe he starting a Civil War
exactly! Donald hit her on benghazi! Hammer her and shes done!
oh no you're actions AND words were shitty, you shitty bag of shit.
They had to go that far to find something...unimportant...They are criminals and should both be locked up!!
At the debate be as brilliant as you were for your GOP acceptance speech and you will win hands down.
Trump is an idiot
You were so right in pointing this out. Even more right in responding with "You'd be in jail". Good going Trump.
there not a chance in HELL that we could go to any country in the world that would give us a check and health care
Megan Kelly would rather see the country go to hell then see Trump win bc it's about her not the country
congratulations on ending the Republican Party !!! Had to happen right !! @GovGaryJohnson  now give libertarians a chance
@Satch7Eddie @HillaryClinton @billclinton  And the Clintons kill people.
what about jane doe????
I bet you still find this funny. https://youtu.be/4IrE6FMpai8 
your denial is frightening
Who is writing ur tweets WITHOUT knowing how to SPELL?  NOT COOL! BUT, ur RIGHT "ACTIONS speak LOUDER than WORDS!!!"
Yes just words from eleven years ago mr trump if hilary wins bill the rapist will be in the whitehouse again Astonishing!
Be a Man

You've assaulted women too.
shut up
Bills not running so what's ur point?
@billclinton abused women and @HillaryClinton laughs at a victim of rape, not even close to the words you spoke!
he's not running for president tho...¯\_(ツ)_/¯
they you have to be one too know one! What your excuse?


Delete #imwithher #movetorussia
But Bill Clinton isn't running for president.
Bill Clinton is not running.
lots of shitty ass Clinton supporters on here wow there to stupid to vote
millions have said bullshit convos about women and received bj's. Still don't want Clinton or Trump in the WH.#GaryJohnson
is a misogynist
unfortunately u r not contesting wit Bill.  Wat is your evidence after all?
Bribe those women to sit with the sexual assault master? Bring the bribed Florida Attorney General out . Trump u victims
Soooooo TRUE!
♡♡♡
. Hiding behind rape victims for the whole world to see because of something you said?  What a coward
I hope you check out the tweet by our current President back in the day. Kathleen Wiley tweeted it.
Bill Clintons not running for president though 
so true let's move on and stop the nonsense! Bill was far worse & 'they' all can't praise him enough
walk off the stage Mr. Trump this is another damn killary set up they're desperate since she is losing bad
except nobody believes Bill Clinton did that, and EVERYONE believes you DO
Hillary forced Trump 2take t gloves off.Her evil attack backfired.I don't want this stupid woman as president @realDonaldTrump @osPatriot
Me either. She is a menace to American society. Public enemy #1.
You apologized. Hillary has not. She has only said she regrets she did something bad (Nope, she regrets she got caught).
Agreed
What about Jill Hart? You abused her!
facts TRUMP2016
I'm trying to enjoy my pizza. STOP WITH THE SNIFFING!
Amen
@JamesRitch1 bitchassness
Amen
your digging up the past that has been litigated and judged, now you want to be judge and jury your sick Don.
you're worse than Bill Cosby & R. Kelly! You're a predator & a misogynist +
You're pretty funny.  Sad little man.
and Hillary was in melanias position ....
@SpreadButter should have been said long ago. Thank you for having the courage
how about Donald trump
did great by putting it right back on bill' actions. They can't touch the tape subject anymore.

in case you haven't noticed. @billclinton  isn't running for office
Actions speak louder than words, and Bill has been acting like a sex predator for decades!
way to throw Your VP under the 
