the shame! You'd think being pres elect would mean no one can say bad things about you at all!!!
But @cnn is in your pocket; stop complaining about news agencies that have done you more favors than you deserve
OBAMA MUST RESIGN. OBAMA MUST GO. OBAMA MUST RESIGN. IMPEACH OBAMA. WE MUST CALL FOR THE IMPEACHMENT OF OBAMA. I REJECT HIM
The only thing with thinner skin than you is an onion. Time to read How to Be President for Dummies
when does it come where every citizen has to have a Trump portrait in their home?
You've proven the MSM can get their info on you from twitter. 

Keep it up.
they keep grabbing you by the pussy, don't they, poor baby.
I love you

why don"t you just shut up.  No one lies like you, nor is more bias than you.
.@realDonaldTrump Sweetie I'm sorry they hurt you. You may have been elected with proven Russian interference, but you're our special guy!
.@realDonaldTrump Those media meanies may have an incontrovertible CIA report, but that doesn't mean you have to be so defensive, honey.
.@realDonaldTrump I'm worried when you lash out at your critics like this it looks like you know something bad happened, Donald.
I hope you're someday able to say all of this to him in person. It's hilarious.
I honestly think I'd make a good First Mommy.
the lines are quite blurred. It's anybody's game.
shut up little hands...
Decide this statement Ala #pizza gate by replacing NBCNIGHTLYNEWS with Trump and CNN with Trump.
Much more accurate that way.
You should start your own White House station that reports only positive stories with patriotic music.
@mike_pence knows something about creating in-house news service.
when you try to manipulate Americans with your tweets.
time to pull the plug on fake news, CNN, ABC, CBS, NBC, A MESSNBC, CBNC
Don trump is pathetic,  low life, with totally thin skin
Mr. Trump, Sir, you are giving people a reason to watch @NBCNIGHTLYNEWS out of curiosity! #tcot
shut up
How about you grow up
a great leader accepts criticism & learns to adapt. Some believe neanderthals could not adapt either
NBC = Nothing But Crap
Can you please comment on reports from CIA on you being a Russian Puppet? #ImpeachTrump #TraitorTrump
YOUR LIES WILL CATCH UP TO YOU... PUTIN'S BIT%H....
YOU are the PEOTUS. Act like it!
move Celebrity Apprentice to Netflix
@Trevornoah I guess tiny hands and pumpkin skin syndrome aren't good qualities to have anymore.
This is unbelievable.
Trump's assault on the media continues.
the truth sometimes hurt Don! Just face the facts!! @Trevornoah @colbertlateshow
@realDennisLynch ...great news...and it's NOT FAKE
it can get worse - a president that can't handle the truth and intimidates the press
You're supposed to MAKE #news, not stalk it. You pathetic, insecure, self-adoring, juvenile man-baby.
So twitter replaces your daily intelligence briefings? DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT
No doubt they'd happily give you a chance to go on air & correct the record. You could even phone in!
Why wont peeps like @brianstelter cover #RNCHack correctly & at least ask #NYT why didn't investigate
#fakenews. Bring the left down!
lol
funny and True. Stay tuned.
I was laughing at you, dear boy. Not with you.
@jim_fowlds @NBCNightlyNews @CNN
Fake president Trump and his " Failed presidency " is national punch line a joke - SAD
Who watches television? Not me, I never obsessively watch news coverage of me, nuh-uh.
DJT 2017.
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump was spiteful & petulant, lying through his entire campaign. What did you expect? #chump
No. If you believe that you are a huge fool.
this is you when you tweet
@PRETTYGIRLGG11 @realDonaldTrump IQ is one of the highest. Tremendous. But he still loves the poorly educated.
His IQ is not high. That's why he had to LIE (as usual) & say he graduated w/ honors.
they say it's one of the highest. People are saying it.  It's YUGE. He's got a good brain.
How does Putin and President Bannon feel about the coverage.
ROTTEN NEWS.
respect & appreciate Trump for always calling out FAKE news. It's sad that Americans now have to
-trump thinks every fact about him is inaccurate,  bad, sad, blaa ,blaa ,blaa - yet he listens to & spreads #rightwingfakenews
question if what we're reading/watching is accurate or false statements. So thank you Trump, keep
25th NOW ! ! !
Fake president Trump you found out congress is not some old lady you can bully and intimidate
Russia owns you . Release your tax returns.. scared?
#FOXISFAKENEWS #trump4Guantanamo
Trump approval rate lower than any president in history even lower than worse president Carter until now Trump holds it
I was praying when I read the media was saying Fake president Trump was still POTUS but it was not April Fool's joke- SAD
So called president Trump failed presidency and not even 100 days. is a pathological liar
calling them out so we can come closer to the end of lies. We're all UNITED as 1, lets stick together
i'm legit concerned that you don't know what the word "bias" means
Facts? Nah just bias
You've got time for TV but not for intelligence analysts who can help w/strategy to counter hackers.
Trump doesn't need to worry about hackers anymore. He'll just give them whatever they want.
I don't think intelligence briefings will help him, they require some intelligence to begin with
"Don't trust the media, or the CIA, don't trust any1, but me." Things dictators say for $200, Alex.

These are Journalists, not Sycophants. That doesn't make them biased.
NBC and CNN have moved past bias and are now dispensing propaganda. @mrp @realDonaldTrump @NBCNightlyNews @CNN
CNN and NBC are similar to Pravda, which was big in USSR.  @mookworthj @mrp @realDonaldTrump @NBCNightlyNews @CNN
Both the Prime Minister of Canada and the President of Mexico are more handsome than Donald Trump. #uglyduckling
U R going 2 MAGA the fools can't grasp that means 4 them their kids and grandkids the depth of stupidity is hard 2 grasp

yeah you ban and bash any news organizations that tells the truth about you!
if you can't support your claim w/ facts, you're being"So biased, inaccurate & bad, point after point"
what did they say you were having a bad hair day or something incredibly important like that???
Did everybody miss the fact that Obama said Merry Christmas at the tree lighting ceremony?
Just viewed @realDonaldTrump So biased, inaccurate& bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, tho' @BreitbartNews is right up there
we love our @NBC, @CNN, @washingtonpost, @HuffingtonPost, @nytimes , and https://corrupt.af/  page.
yes I know and it's the media who is making more out of nothing. Keep doing what your doing. We support you!
Fascism requires that the populace not trust the media.  You're doing a great job filling the role.
Good God! Just Friggin' STOP. Journalists are professionals and AMERICANS! Stop hating our people!!!!
choo choo on the Trump propaganda train...
....CNN is going down. Ratings are in the dumper and probably wont recover.
Do you EVER stop whining? You're like a spoiled toddler. You make me sick.
He is just saying out loud what everyone knows...
@Stop watching TV and give your biz plan!
the 1 MAJOR fail by the MSM was NOT discussing #childRAPEtrump case on TV. SCRIBED still has documents
Please PresidentElect,stop attacking our national media when report things you've actually said & done
It really bothers you when the truth gets out doesn't it? 3/4 of America has your number. CHEATER!!!

.please start talking medicare
Americans have had enough of MSM lies that why We vote for Trump #MAGA !
anything negative to you is biased.   You can't get much worse.
All you do is knock America, American Companies and American Enterprise. You are ANTI-AMERICAN.
as Shakespeare said "Thou protests too much"

Only those who fear truth whine about unfairness The truth will set ye free
You're a child. A spoiled rotten brat. SNL had it right in their "Through Donald's Eyes" skit. Spot on
The left wing news is so far off base I very rarely watch them anymore. I prefer FOX.
I have personally only known 2 newsworthy stories and both were reported inaccurately
you are going to be president. STOP!!
So does this mean that a Pres Trump will nationalize the media?
So surprising Fox is the only accurate news.  I wonder why?  Maybe Fox isn't accurate
CNN has screwed you too.
and @foxnews is a bastion of truth? Please.
then why dont you hold press conferences to explain your policies.
Sir what can be done about inaccurate & wrong news before more damage is done & more lives are lost ?
must have been speaking the truth about you again? You really need to toughen up there Donna Trump
CNN HAS GONE "MENTAL" SO GONE, NO POWER, LIGHT IS BURNING OUT, SCREAMING TO BE HEARD! UNDERSTOOD...
just watched it after your tweet. Not sure what was biased. Quotes/tweets from you
your theme song and the first dance with your wife at the Inauguration! Only wish I could be there to cheer you on!
#Trumpelthinskin
What's you're proof, Trump? I could accuse you of having hair plugs. Without proof, I'm just babbling.
agreed
APOLOGIZE TO DISABLED PEOPLE INCLUDING MY DAUGHTER CARLY  You are going to be president.God help us!
wah !
We love & Support you President TRUMP.Thank you for all you do for us.God be with you & keep u safe.
YOU CANT HANDLE THE TRUTH. You're such a child. Do you job right and quit whining. Jesus...
Hitler used the same tatic.. discredit the media.
is this thread a sales pitch for a coffee mug?
term limits for all politicians ... no grandfather terms ...
what a whiney little pitch
Lying Brian Williams and Wolf Blitzer speak with forked tongues!
Or just read your own tweets for ridiculous, absurd, inaccurate, nonsense, offensive information! @NBCNightlyNews @CNN
is this biased too?
<insert anything Trump says  here> -Things a dictator says.
Time for Trump Network News!
Sounds like you are not used to the truth probably too much Fox News or InfoWars.
Fox News all the Way!!!
not everyone blindly accepts your BS. Please defect to Russia and let real Americans lead.
that's correct
they are going to fight all 4 years!
oh you poor little suck !
#TrumpleThinSkin
Poor donny.  If they aren't inflating that big fat EGO of yours, you throw a hissy fit. Get used to it. Most don't like U
can't get much worse than you, that is correct
and I suppose you think FOXNews is objective
You've got it backwards. You are inaccurate and bad. It seems you can't get worse, but I bet you will find a way.
we watch neither station.
Sir, you are spot on. They just can't seem to help themselves. "Ignorance is Bliss"
And wow are they blissful.
Donald Trump, Grow up!
thank you for making us laugh, apart from Kim Jon II you are the most ridicule president in the world, by far
mainstream media is irrelevant. We the people will find out news on social media. Truth will be told.
CNN ABC,NBC, CBS NYT WP are irrelevant Propaganda rags, no WH access!
@Augustine25 @NBCNightlyNews @CNN It can always be worse Trump, they chose you instead of Cruz. Now that's the worse.
. NBC can't get any worse, but I am sure you can and you will.
so when may I apply for Job in Your Cabinet. Arizona USMarshalls
oh please I suppose the only news source for you I is Fox u need to be better informed
TRAITOR #NOTMYPRESIDENT
I guess CBS is too
What's the issue?  Didn't see the NBC news tonight.
Shame on you. Why watch of everyone is against you? Classic fascist attempt to discredit dissent.
at what point do u ask yourself whether maybe it's just YOU!  @NBCNightlyNews @CNN
you're so unbalanced & unhinged. You're not up to this position.The country is more important than U
MERRY CHRISTMAS PRESIDENT TRUMP !!!!!! I love you .
grow the hell up Donald, you are like a little boy child who get's his feelings hurt & lashes out
all "networks" take their orders from & do bidding of #DNC & not the American people. Disgusting
INVESTIGATE THE TRAITOROUS ACTS OF OBAMA AND  CLINTON AND THE ADMI

REFUSE to watch any of the mainstream media anymore ONLY FOX @FoxNews For me!!!! LOVE YOU TRUMP
.@realDonaldTrump - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @mike_pence is right up there!
Oh you poor thing! Get out your "Media" paddle; Inauguration soon. VLADY can show you how!
None of us watch CNN, MSNBC, NBC or any other left wing media station. We watch Fox News
How bout u use ur time on Intel Breifings and stop stalking every show on TV
Apparently when anyone tells the truth they are considered "biased"
: "I don't need daily briefings." @NBCNightlyNews: Trump will not take daily briefings. Trump: "Such bad reporting! Unfair!"
biased
Narcissist hate truth if it shows them in bad light. Deflection and projection r narcissist's friends!
