TRUMP WINS EVERYTHING BOTH POPULAR ( 62.9 M -62.2 M ) AND ELECTORAL COLLEGE VOTES ( 306-232).
as with most of the "information " spewed by you MORONS, WRONG!!! Hillary won POPULAR VOTE.  IDIOTS
Name-calling does not make you win the argument. It makes you look bitter and miserable.
lol....you elected a sexual predator for president, that majes America great?? Yeah
HRC protected her sexual predator Bill in the WH ..PROVEN, not BS claims 16 yrs later

Follow me if you support Trump!
no one is going to order it!
sorry to say but it will be your dream just
My Tarot predicted the winner http://www.savingusall.com/Analysis.html 
How is it that every tweet you send is more dumb than the last?
Actually his Tweets aren't getting dumber,  some of his audience has.
even more pathetic, there are still those Trump 'trolls', they lost bigly
lmao they even started a petition to try and get them to change the results xD
Surprisingly, maybe they use Google to read it out to them lol
oh good old Mitt. How far you have come since doing all you could to destroy this MOVEMENT. You or no one can stop US

#TrumpsAmericaIsRacist
are you borat
yeah, he didn't win the popular vote either.
Make the Popular Vote Great Again!! 
Also, news incoming of millions of invalid popular votes coming in. Prepare to MAGA
He will be a lame duck President for 4 years.
nice to see all coming together. Way to go president Trump!!
I can tell you how to make America great again
liar....you called him!!
@MittRomney 
Mittens must be eating a little crow this morning. #MAGA
there you go, more attention! You should be ok today!
I think the world sees who is MAD= Hillary supporters.  You'll be ok...take your meds.
Don't be conned by that phony! He is not on your side! #NeverRomney
very late too !
make the most of all the help u can get and make Pence work to earn his money, like you are now, relax in interviews a bit!
Please address the people perpetrating hate in your name.
I wish I could call you to congratulate you too! Our family thanks you for stepping up for America! #GodBlesstheTrumpFamily
genuinely?
Or politically?......(M.R's congratulations)

Tell Mitt to Hit the road. He caused enough trouble
yeah,  but f*ck him.  He is snake and should have been publicly apologizing.   And after that,  still f*uck him!
forgive but don't forget.
as he should. a bit punkish the way he treated you
he doesn't deserve a spot anywhere Mr. President Sir.  Thank you
hope you and Mitt can work together. I wanted him to win the last run at president.
Oh for God's sake are you going to mention every single person? This is pathetic.
perfect man to fix the VA
I would have called, but I don't have your number.
NOONE CARES ABOUT YOU. Racist homophobic piece of shit. Don't EVER come to jacksonville again. I will spit in your face
Mitt Romney did everything he could to keep you from getting to the White House.  Now he's trying to hop on the gravy train
Please consider Mitt for Secretary of Veterans Affairs. That job needs our best turnaround specialist. @realDonaldTrump
please!!
No Snakes allowed.
mitt,is as stupid as TRUMP.
don't trust him. Please. He slammed you all over the place.
and way to stroke your ego on twitter
Congrats on your win though i didnt support but this sportsman spirit. Anyways all the best for u and the future of America
Did he actually say something completely different and you decided to lie to yourself about it?
oh great two misogynists on the phone with each other!
.@realDonaldTrump Did you tell him to just save it?  He is a sNaKe.
I bet not...TRUMP is too classy.
.@Renee671949 @realDonaldTrump Yes.. I am one of those #Christian #rednecks.. and, my daddy taught me that if play with snakes you get bit.
Don't get me wrong...I agree not to fall in love with Romney, but DJT's too classy to make a big deal about it
.@Renee671949 @realDonaldTrump Agreed.  :))
you can't be surprised all of these crooked politicians will be kissing up to you because of their donors they need you to make money
really? :/
Most reasonable people value the ability of one to overcome adversity. Not Libs!
But, of course. Reasonable people vote for perjurious, influence-peddling cons.
: FYI ...I do not trust mitt Romney for Secretary of State
@MittRomney that's great, Donald
Pics or it didn't happen.
@MittRomney @transition2017 @mike_pence @infowars
- Nice but....
He needs to go b4 the camera & apologize. U were good to help him try to get elected he was not a true friend (Prov 17.17)
He's sucking up for a job, clearly.  #Resist
"Very nice". That's something you're not.
Have you seen the protests? I've never seen anything like it.
You must have had a big school for your class to have tens of thousands of students.
In all mass movements, there are angry fools. Surely, we can find some doofuses at Trump rallies.
Okay. Well, I'm glad that you're happy and I wish you the best.
.@realDonaldTrump Any calls from Hitler's ghost yet?
hope you don't put him in your cabinet
@realDonaldTrump
may your presidency be short, and your jail sentence be long #EnemyOfTrump
Oh go get a job and stop your sniveling. Maybe you can visit Hitlery and Obama in prison.
.@realDonaldTrump If @BarackObama is in silence about the Protests and Hillary is dressed in purple revolution: u should speak to the People
Speak to them about what? They condone this vicious liberal agenda. They are sitting back enjoying the mayhem.
Som1 shld also explain the numbers of Election. Media is trying 2 put in perspective a strong victory on Popular Vote.Is Wrong
That's the problem. They twist truth to fit corrupt agenda,then riot loot and are violent to force compliance.
If just 2 o 3 of this newspapers had written about Podesta Emails - @HillaryClinton would had lost + than 2M votes.
and they lost the popular vote. Uh, wait?...never mind.
Hey, don't tell Donald..a few years back he HATED the "Electoral College". He forgets
Slice it and dice it however you want.  He LOST the popular vote!  Move on!  
How could anyone have done anything to help HRC.  Very bad for the Republic.  Yes I did vote for him on 3 occasion and send $
the Electors have a opportunity on Dec 19th have the opportunity to do as the first group did and vote the will
That is the last thing anyone should be proud of. I would die of shame if Mitt Romney approved of anything I did.
You do realise that your constant bragging is a sign of your rampant narcissism?
nice to see they trusted you enough to give your Twitter back. @MittRomney didn't want you eaither.
be careful of Romney. He tried to stab you in the back.
Mommy, did you know? Did you know? GTFU and at least start ACTING presidential! You have the maturity of a toddler!
Priebus & Paul Ryan & Romney R friends, U need  Giuliani or Petraeus most loyal 2U
WE THINK ROMNEY WOULD BE A GOOD SUPREME COURT JUSTICE          MAGA
Let's take OUR country Back!!!!!!!!!
Hope you told him to pound dirt. I accidentally voted for him years ago.
. Was probably drunk and will still work against you along with the GOP leadership until they are all defeated and replaced.
Romney would be terrible at State.  Let him reorganize the VA - and get Congress to let him fire people.
he says you're a con man. He is correct.
also they were democrats im republican ggfather drafted womans suffrage illinois
I want to work for you
glad to hear that. I had lost respect for him in this election. Great job by the way Mr. Trump
Just hang up the phone!
How embarrassing is @realDonaldTrump twitter feed. Polar opposite of presidential. Me, me, me, me, me, me...& me. What a unifying presence.
Wow, that's YUGE !!  Especially since he was so rotten to you. In the beginning. Love you Boss! So proud of you & America!
I hope you know who is your friend. I trust you.
its a good time to spend with your familly now
Yes.  They're coming home.
of course he did, he's sucking up.
it would be great if you and president Obama would address our country about all the racial hate crimes being committed.
Mitt Romney was one of the WORST. Poor excuse for a republican party representative. Shame on him.
Nice? Or hypocritical? You showed great restraint in not hanging up on him...he said terrible things about u. what chutzpah
Be careful.. Romney, Ryan, and Reince are owned by the donors and lobbyists.. Please don't betray us.
Too little, too late. Congratulations, Mr. President!
congratulations President - Elect Trump !
I will never congratulate you on anything! #dipshit
fuck that back stabbing ass kisser drain the swamp
ok I get to officially congratulate you. Open the drain asap! Please don't let us down!
Please Mr. President, don't trust him!!! He doesn't deserve trust!!
excellent choice on Priebus for Chief of Staff, Sir. Hoping Sheriff Clarke for H Land S is being considered.
Mitt was such a traitor!
It's about time! Congrats on a great win! God Bless!
@I_H8_Memes that's is cool but what he did to you was LAME. No respect for him.
i dont think much of him, he should of supported you feom beginning
you
BE CAREFUL MR.TRUMP.  THEY R JEALOUS ANGRY BACKSTABBING PP.
Mitt Romney is a snake. He's part of the system. He serves the Mormon cult. They only desire more money and power.

not Rommie no Romney
would you entertain a crazy idea of mine - to be a unifier of the US, the President should renounce his party affiliation.
Romney surprised me. I thought he had values but I guess not. You should be charged with sedition not congratulated
he will be a great person to be part of making America great

do u even know how to tweet
so what
mitt has to go!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #draintheswamp
Please do not put Mitt Romney on your team!!!! He's part of the swamp! Drain the Swamp!!!
Don't think they love you now. It's called being diplomatic. @MittRomney
Did you get my message of congratulations? No? Must be I forgot to leave it.
DO NOT HAVE him be the secretary of the state!!! I trust you to see through people!!
You and I both know he didn't mean it. He hates u and your policies...like I do
Back Stabbing Mitt Romney needs an ass whipping!
@MittRomney can go suck rotten eggs! Benedict Arnold! #trump2016
Under the current system you won fair and square. Now please show leadership and make efforts to cut carbon emissions.
very nice @MittRomney
Please don't forget who the back stabbers are President Trump!
- fuck him! #traitorromney
OMG! Will miracles never cease? @MittRomney on the #TrumpTrain ,gratefully surprised! U R both very forgiving. #MAGA
@afed3352 take that with a grain of salt, Sir
opportunists who worked to sabotage you, should not be given even a second thought. They're not invested in fixing anything
Like you and trust you with my country!
Thank you and God bless you and your family
@ariiannnaa our fave mitt romney


miss you
r u home?
back at riv



Do you feel the knife still turning. If he didn't like you then he doesn't like you now. Don't trust him
ass kissing and thumbs up the ass are in full gear
kissing ass after the facts are valueless.
@wakeup1442 hope you laughed at him
too little too late
I just don't trust Romney! 
Great your getting respect from all the losers,but remember who helped you and go #MakeAmericaGreatAgain leave the losers!
very nice with something up his sleeve. Don't let him fool you. He's not your friend. You have loyal people to use.
So glad to have a man in office who is not afraid to stand up for what he believes in.  No more politically correct
@Debramax He's a vile man
classy. Try it.
Mitt who? ♫
please No Romney all Respect but No don't do it....... F&$k Him
part of the swamp that doesn't want to be incarcerated.
dude literally no one cares about who you talked to on the phone
Of course he did. Still doesn't mean he supports you whatsoever. Still thinks you're dangerous garbage.
I hope the conversation included an apology to you!
so you see not everyone is against you.
Romney is nothing, itx not a honor to accept his congrats. he put you down when you needed him the most put hillary in jail
PLEASE, NO MITT ROMNEY FOR SOS!!!
We are all behind you, Mr. President! These rioters DO NOT speak for America!
he needs s job, sad
hold him accountable for the ritualistic child abuse in Utah and the fundamentalist. Why hasn't it stopped?
Watch that electoral college vote. Their trying to have delegates change their vote. Better put someone in place to watch
your gonna be a great president trump trump trump USA USA USA 
don't trust him.
that kitten licker @MittRomney is not even fit to lick your boots
Yes, it was nice but all these people that are calling now should have been on board from the beginning
DRAIN THE SWAMP Mr. President.
I love it that you are on Twitter. Made me, a long time voter, a NEW Twitterer 
OMG!!! You're so narcissist!!!!
