Even if you got the question everyone knows that you still couldn't answer them. Face it Trump, your not that smart.
Hillary can't stop lying even when she doesn't have to http://nyp.st/2aqOoCG  via @nypost
You have to bring this up at the debate...
WIKILEAKS: Clinton Aides Knew Obama’s Comments On Her Email Server Did ‘Not Make Sense’ http://dailycaller.com/2016/10/18/wikileaks-clinton-aides-knew-obamas-comments-on-her-email-server-did-not-make-sense/ … via
give it up Darryl, he doesn't care, he has the power, that's all that matters to him
thats a lie but who is counting more lies hows bis. in south carolina hows the clean up going dos va donya
maybe you did show us all your private campaign emails.
and how is it Hillary's fault if someone emails her a question?
Yes she got the question and still could not answer it so sad Mr President so sad
Karl Rove is a  Douche.So out of touch with  the underground voters at least  10 per. I haven't met many w. women for H.C.
Rove still thinks Romney won in '12.  @realDonaldTrump
Rove and his fucking chalkboard so mad he didn't feel the Trump thing coming so he fights the facts. How fucked
that's called being an "establishment Cuck" @realDonaldTrump
I don't mind watching. ..Does that make me one?
no. You're a #Trump supporter. So you're part of the cool crowd.  @realDonaldTrump
Hillary is No Angel trust me she is of a demonic alien spirit
I'm STILL amazed how anyone can defend that LIAR  CROOKED hillary ....
This finding doesn't change anything trust me THE UMPH IS STILL FOR TRUMP......
now do you see the mess you have created Obama Clinton administration a bunch of entitled Bratz (lawlessness)at its best!!
SHAME ON YOU for burning our FLAG I don't care who you are are where you come from you need to leave OUR COUNTRY...........
DOES THIS MEAN WE GET JELLO BACK IN OUR SCHOOLS
what about that poor man that got pulled out of his car and beat up my heart is broken for him is anybody going to help him
democrats FIREBOMBED Trump's NC HQ because they're desperate to stop him! He will win! http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/10/twtw-election-model-update-2.html …
Yeah, the answer would still be the same... Crooked Hillary.
tell us what you would have done if you got the questions first I can't imagine so tell us :-)
I imagine if you got the questions you wouldn't bother reading let alone preparing answers.
Do you think Hartley's the man for Dundee? He's made some mistakes, but I still think he can turn things around.
you still wouldn't have a clue what to say.
we know the system is rigged if we vote Trump by the masses rig system won't matter and the gravy train will stop #rigged
you’re losing because YOU’RE A FRAUD
#podestaemails & Hillary OWN RECORD proving she's the fraud. #hillaryisthenewjimjones
It's been fact checked: she did not get questions to the debate. http://www.businessinsider.my/donna-brazile-hillary-clinton-wikileaks-2016-10/#TYSZMCRaYw9F8if4.97 …
umm stick to what you can do as president. Stay in the present!!  Give hope and change for the future m
everyone gets the questions before the debate. It's called the issues, something you know nothing about.
if Hillary wins, she'll be the first F president. I didn't say female because she deleted the emale
Yes. And you still wouldn't know the answers.
"YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE QUESTIONS !!"
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
yes you'd be all over the media being bashed!!!
You can't give an intelligent answer on the issues without personal insults if you wrote the questions
How does being down in every poll translate into voter fraud? Election is month away. You are losing fair and square.
First Question: Where are your Tax Returns?
: Be bold, don't apologize, stay on course and hit the issues needed to Make America Great Again. Talk to Camera. #WeSeeU!!
Trump is all whiny because he realises that he can't recover from being down 8.2 points in respect to Clinton. Grow up!
]
Kill them with kindness it will work. Look at the problem that's going on out there and this could be a leg to talk about
unbelievable !!! whoop her ass in the next debate
Probably has the Questions and answers to Wednesdays debate also, LOL  Main thing is, you are having Fun . Carry on . :)
would that count as "preparation"

they would cry Foul and call for you to drop out!
.@realDonaldTrump Yes we can. It would probably make no difference at all.
I can imagine it would have made no difference and you'd still have failed to coherently answer.
what would u do? You were handed the presidential seat on a gold plate. But your moronic ways r making people move away
you still couldn't answer them
RT if you think this election is being rigged B4 our eyes! #MAGA
Oh we know. We tricked Crackpot Orange into saying grab em by the pussy on tape. Genius!
What he said doesn't make him a rapist. Bill Clinton however...
No all the women confirming what he bragged about does.
What about all the women who confirmed Bill Clinton raped them??
Well...20 year old stories proven bullshit and Bill ain't runnin. 
Getting it yet?
Hillary openly admitted defending a child rapist. Proving she has no morals
She was appointed by a judge you stupid ass.
Many people say #Trump is a grabber.
Here's the evidence that he's not: http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/10/list-debunked-groper-allegations-corrupt-media-donald-trump/ …
Oh, from the Gateway pundit, no thanks.
The incoherent ramblings of a man who's scared of losing to Hillary. Excuses coming thick & fast. Will he bail out first?
BREAKING: "State Depart.Kennedy pressuredFBI toUnclassify ClintonEmails: FBIdoc
Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt politician in History .
According to this you DID get a debate question!  #Hypocrite

ni doubt that will be covered during the trial - could be as simple as a mistyped address
so Clinton is covering for Trump?

Also the media is covering it. I gave you a link
The unfortunate part is this case isn't going to be over before the vote, since he didn't do it.
I don't know either way if he did it - why are you so sure he didn't?
- excellent. He does a in-depth report on the details of the accuser and the holes in her story.
We don't have to imagine: you did get one. And - as usual - whined about it!
What did happen when you got the Fox News chairman to get you questions to the debate? not a thing when a billionaire does.
you did, and we know it.
It looks like YOU got the questions from Fox before the first debate. YOU are a lying, hypocritical bull-shit artist.
CrookedWhineyLittleBitchElect got questions2debate&hypocritically points his tiny finger at other ppl4same thing. #Loser
@MarshallKirby How can a Christian promote, support, & enjoy a womanizing, severely foul mouth, greedy person. (They don't)

Yes, Mr. #Trump, because you did. When will your #fraud and #lies stop?
Trump got questions from the debate ahead of time from Fox..Look who is calling the kettle black..@realDonaldTrump
why yes, yes I can imagine:
Ha! Ha! Ha!  Fox did give you the debate questions according to Megyn Kelley.

YOU DID AND THREATENED KELLY.  BULLY!
Yeah. Nobody said a word because it wasn't true.
Wikileaks is true, until they start going after the liberal candidate! Hypocrisy at it's finest.
please stay on your fake Hillary page
Hillary pouting in her corner not doing interviews afraid of the questions
Trump's last press conf was July 27. No press allowed on his plane. So who is avoiding press now?
but he does interviews regularly call ins she does nothing. But hide
Call ins to Hannity don't really count, right? She has press on plane and answered ?s daily.
Hi. @realDonaldTrump I'm trying to rig the election for either Harambe or #CornHog. Can I count on your support?
BRAD

nooooooooo

omg
Did you miss these yesterday?
you would still choke
OH PLEASE!!!! WHERE DO YOU GET YOUR INFO FROM!!!! THE WOMAN PREPARES FOR THE DEBATES!!! YOU CHOOSE NOT TO -- YOUR CHOICE!!!
please #StopWhining and focus on the issues all voters care about.  That's how you'll win.


Hillary's Greed for Power & Money will destroy our country. Why WE MUST VOTE for TRUMP! #WomenWhoVoteTrump
#TrumpTrain You won't believe the truth abt the #RiggedElection! RT this & share w/2 friends https://goo.gl/Bz26ot  #MAGA
@sandykaye38 False. Stop whining.#loselikeaman
- Why, oh why, don't you focus on Hillary????
you would still lose because you're an imbecile who's only argument is, "Nobody likes me. Waa-waa-waa!"
examples? Evidence? Or just coked up Donald spewing anything and everything. You are so embarrassing
yes you would deflect like you have on every policy question you have been asked...you are the biggest con in history
Sure. You STILL wouldn't have prepared AND tripped on your own dick. #BillyBushMadeMeDoIt
-it's like we live in communist co only seeing what the media wants us to see! what happened to seeing both sides, scary
yeah you would get so much hate, and that's sad! Such bias media supporting a fraud!
I can imagine you being accused of sexual assault and still having Roger Ailes advising you on debate technique.
you would still mess it up!

EXCLUSIVE:FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email Investigation Agents are Furious http://dailycaller.com/2016/10/17/exclusive-fbi-agents-say-comey-stood-in-the-way-of-clinton-email-investigation/ … via @dailycaller
#orangehitler, u could not possibly do worse.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud and she is also a murderer. Can't let her win i want to see America great again.
@KensingtonRoyal Please keep Julian Assange safe and give him Internet. He uncovered extreme U.S. government corruption.
Yeah I can and you wouldn't know how to answer them
you should really research the definition of voter fraud.
@PresidentTrump_ She may have had the questions but she sure didn't have the answers.  U won both debates! #TrumpPence16
You are deranged!

you'd bumble your way through as usual with your limited redundant vocabulary!  Trump 2 times!
please go home,you ego is almost destructive!
When Hillary answers questions it shows she prepared for the debate. She didn't need to cheat. You should have prapared too
Is the biggest election scam in the world more befitting of the politics of a 5th world country.
You don't need ?s. U have the answers
Focus on what you'll do for Americans!  Screw liberal media and idiots who believe lies!!!  Pls rest & prepare for debate!
In tonight"s debate stick to the issues., convey what you will do as president
@Twisty58 ing you attack HRC with facts & visionary intentions vs her anti-American corruption at debate! I C U as POTUS
How come you don't mention Danney Williams ? The son that the Clintons Hide? @danney_williams
Ronald Reagan gave positive messages we need positive things no swamp

I doubt you would have answers even if u did get the questions prior to the debate. Your ineptitude is mind boggling
the only fraud in the 2016 election is @realDonaldTrump
liar. Enough
@FactorsTalcott 

#Hillary got the questions, time to memorize her answer. What kind of leader needs that much help? Eeek

You dont need the questions  .Stay on course. Discuss employment, security,education healthcare, Vets  and her dishonesty.
You don't have the education to understand the questions so it wouldn't matter.
I still doubt you'd be able to form a coherent answer and stay on topic.
keep fighting, and we will stand next to you!
Stop telling lies Donald.

Where is the prove to that? Just throw out lies and see what sticks! It's ridiculous!
show taxe return
Delete your account.
Yes, I CAN imagine it: Your lack of intellect, dearth of policy ideas, & ignorance of issues would shine thru, as always.
Are you SERIOUS? You couldn't have anticipated questions about major things of concern to the US? THAT is a problem for me.
What in the world would you do with the questions? It's not like you'd use them to prepare for the debate.
#whiner
Guy, it's called media manipulation, not voter fraud. And election fraud is the term for when she rigs the polls.
ooohhh you’re such a crying baby, Donald. And a total liar, or course. #crymeariver
Friends don't let friends vote for 
#CrookedHillary @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter @EricTrump @KellyannePolls
tell how u will change the country
you still wouldn't know the answers #dumb #predator
#excuseme voter fraud has been happening for a veryyy long time. elections have always been rigged. fedreserve est 100years

yeah you still wouldn't be able to give an intelligent answer
Call a wahhh-mbulance.  Quit whining. "Letting Trump be Trump" has led to a plummet in your support, because we know you.
. @realDonaldTrump .. o O (I GET QUESTIONS ON TWITTER IN ADVANCE AND STILL LOOK STUPID. PLEASE HELP ME I AM SO SAD AND ALONE )
You wouldn't prepare any more than you do now
Please tell people tomorrow : if they Hate Corruption & Love FREEDOM then the only hope for America is Trump.
She only got one question about the death penalty.
since everything is rigged have you thought of bring jill Stine and Gary Johnson into the fold with a position of reform
Oh stop it! You're going down & we won't have to listen to your lying face ever again.
Yeah. You'd have even more time to come up with stupid answers.
you wouldn't know the answers even if you got the questions a week in advance
No Melaniabot cannot imagine.   Melaniabot not programmed to imagine.  Maybe in next update.
Best place for solar farms?  Along the border! #TrumpsSolarWall building the world's bigest slr farms will offset costs!
Were with you Mr Trump , myself and everyone I know is voting Trump!!!!!
yeah, you'd still sound like a fucking idiot. Nothing new there
U still wouldn't answer the questions even if u knew them in advance. God help us all if u're elected.
stick to the policies and corruption revealed in email. Instead of using "rigged" try "corrupt"
grow up!
right! Your such a baby
If you got the questions you wouldn't understand them anyway.
Prayers up for you.
they will probably start  a phrase with a hashtag.
after obama we dont trust anybody that go into the white house everybody just after money and power not help america
yeah because everyone 'totally' believes youd prepare, and are 'capable'
You'd probably blow the whole election anyway, so what's your point?
DONALD...even if you GOT the questions you would not answer them http://anywaY.You  just don't GET IT AND WONT GET ANY
Even if you got the questions beforehand,you would still do a terrible job at answering them!Stop whining.
I expect you to destroy her this Wednesday. Anything else is disappointing.
can you imagine if she didn't pay taxes for 20 years? Or boasted about sexual assault? or was BFFs with Putin?
.@realDonaldTrump You're not good at making distinctions, but "voter fraud" goes in a different tweet. Unless that's how you say "Hello".
Spot on Mr. Trump!  It would've been chaos! One sided media is embarrassing this election and country! #MAGA
you could not answer them straight with out lying DRAFT DODGER!!!!!!!!
Go to the heart of the situation, stay on economy, jobs and security.  She has no defense.  Don't let up on issues.
You wouldn't have even understood them.
Life is so unfair.  I'm sure if you had the questions you wouldn't have answered them, but your life is still SO SAD!
Yeah it's not fair that the media leaves you groping in the dark.
TAXES
if it was you they would be calling for you to resign your candidacy
The only fraud in this election is YOU!!!
you would still fxxxk it up
She's a fuckin evil piece of shit cunt that should be in jail.
you love polls and always talk about them, now polls show he is losing he hate polls, they r made up. Trump trump come on
you still wouldn't have the right answers 
how is getting questions before hand voter fraud?
they would hang you
lying Donny you claim fraud when your losing and when it was even or winning you don't mention it, u must b losing bad!
I know but I have strong feeling or intuition the you are the next POTUS!
