STILL ACTING LIKE A 12 YEAR OLD, HUH?
no kidding! I have to work all day! Wtf??
Sorry, I think you dropped this…..oh wait. No…OBAMA drops this. And then he dropped the mic. 207,429 jobs since 2011!
please don't feel if you lose it was a waste of time. You brought the spirit of America thank you so much!
Dear god, how pathetic.  He grabs pussy! 
The kettle telling the black.
Get government out of H/C. Repeal all of O Care!
@brhodes Why didn't you ask that of Obama for 8 long years?
You never started 
This Tweet didn't age well, did it Twit?
Why is #CrookedTrump campaigning instead of creating jobs & fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people, @realDonaldTrump!
do you recall this tweet? Maybe you should follow your own advice!
Same goes to you! You are the Pres now not a candidate. Act like one!
Thank "God " we only have 74 days 6 hrs and 15 seconds left of the idiot!
#racism
so if you win, you won't campaign for a 2nd term or for the Repub if you decide to be a one termer? Promise?
and why can't you just turn over your taxes. STOP demeaning the USA. Admit it ..you are only in this for fame!you will lose
Yes!  Stop running around campaigning Obama and get back to work for the American people.  I am not paying you to campaign.
Maybe he wants to elect the right person for office instead of insulting women and disrespecting fellow politicians...
. I'm pretty sure the only thing he works on is how to present his super prepared speeches! #obamasajoke
Spent 8 years campaigning for liberal causes.
He cares about his elite legacy that hillary will carry on to keep the american people powerless.
he has to get her a win so she can continue Obama Care and open them boarders #neverhillary #ducksontheground #shameonCNN
because he's worried about ridiculous legacy and not the mess he has thrown this country into. His image is so important!?!
we are with you!!!

Yes @BarackObama my Obamacare rate now $1,500/month I don't even think we can afford to sign up.#DC @realDonaldTrump
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs & fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
I think he knows if Hillary goes down he goes down with her.

this guy has a severe case of headintheass must be a cnn watcher!!
He hasn't fixed anything in nearly 8 years in office.  Why start now?
He's showing his true self right now. I answered your question, now please drop out, and nominate a real republican please.
job report comes out today Mr McFuckface, and the economy will have added another 150,000-200,000 jobs. you lose.
Jealous much? Where are your taxes? 2015 isn't under audit.
and he is campaigning for a criminal he is the worse pres in us history the world says ir

Never paid taxes, dumped 2 wives 7 bankrupcies, stiff Americans, rape 13 years old molested 11 FAMILY VALUES?
  @YahyaJohn
@POTUS disgrace & disingenuous to #WeThePeople Deserve better and to put #AmericaFirst. WE are behind YOU 

stop screwing girls and take care of malaria
because they are desperate! #HillaryIndictment is coming!
I can't wait until Tuesday night when you go away perhaps you could host the #biggestloser?
lied after paying operating costs, the Doral resort actually lost $2.4 million, not earned 50 mill
imagine working for others rather than purely looking after your self. Surley only a tax avoider would do that
The Government doesn't "create" jobs
on our tax payers dollars I am sure! What a Loser!
that's one plane you'll never set foot on. Jealous!
Can you name one thing you have done for "the American People" in the last 60 years?
Obama is enjoying his final days on Air Force One! Like HRC no accomplishments. Just failure, destruction and corruption.
.@realDonaldTrump He's trying to avert the country from voting in your racist misogynistic neo-nazi regime. Psychopath.
WHY is OBAMA usin our Air Force One to campaign for Hillary? 
As a #taxpayer I am appalled that we are paying for his time and that of his staff so he can #campaign. Get #backtowork
spoken by someone who supports a candidate who doesn't pay taxes.  Thanks for the laugh.
Like you do, I pay them, and I don't think it is right that the president of all the people use my taxes to campaign against half of us.
you do realize the Ronald Reagan campaigned for Bush don't you?  It's not uncommon.  Can post photos if needed
I think it is wrong no matter who does it.
fair enough.  Enjoy your day.
He is. He's making sure a rapey, lying, racist con-man doesn't become POTUS. #ConallTrump #DumpTrump #FuckFaceVonClownstick
stopping you from getting in the White House is doing the people's work!
He stayed on Star Island last night, he was fundraising for the post election fund, which I think is std. in the last 2 months.
Isn't this what all popular Presidents do the final weeks of an election? Campaign...Never Trump so to me he's WORKING!
Generally, I don't see any issue with it except he messes with my traffic, lol.  His motorcade was 50+ deep last night.
I have not complaints there. I hate when they come to 30 Rock which is where my office is located.  Can't get to or from work!
And what the hell are you doing running for president? Shouldn´t you prepare for your child rape trial on dec 16?
Doesn't need to anymore. That fake accuser just cancelled the press interview that was supposed to happen
Yeah, because if there´s no press conference the court dates will be cancelled. EVERYBODY knows that.
There's a reason that even the leftwing MSM isn't touching this. It's a flimsy case that has failed before
The failed to serve Donald, no one shot anything down. Pre trial court date set for dec 16. Fact.
There is no pre-trial. It's a status conference. Learn the law, do some research. http://www.snopes.com/2016/06/23/donald-trump-rape-lawsuit/ …
A pre trial conference and a status conference is the same thing. Learn the law, do some research.
"Pre-trial" insinuates that there will be a trial. There won't be. For the 4th time.
#fakepresident
Why indeed?
That is a fact! Why was he and why was he NOT doing what he was supposed to do?
Oc es muy caro y .no cualquiera califica.
This tweet has not aged well.
how is this any different than your weekend trip to FL?
AT least you agree the job market and ObamaCare need fixing
You wouldn't know what real work is if it walked over and dropped sweat on your shoes.....
This never gets old.  You hypocrite.
GET BOTH sides together for repeal and replace and lock em in a room until they GROW UP! and do what iis right for USA
Another one bites you in the ass.
Hahaha as trump golfs every weekend and waste more money in 6 months on travel then Obama did in 4 years.
Why are you playing golf for our money - get back to work and fix Obamacare!
You're so stupid @realDonaldTrump get a life and learn how to treat women.
you are wise beyond your years
cause donald is an idiot
he may a idiot but he WON!
I agree. I don't appreciate him using my money to campaign for that Crooked Broad!!
I need a safe space to recover from all this mysoginy! Really? Broad? SMH More like, caring abuela.
John I was trying to be kind.Other words came to mind...Good luck on the safe space. Did not mean to cause U pain
I just think Hillary has so many opportunities for our country. No matter if we're willing. Just force it!
Yea she does. with all the data she gave to the enemy probable have missiles aimed at us from all directions.
Heck our enemies can probably now remotely control our missiles.
She has provided enough info they can use drones because she has given GPS tracking info to them.
he is working for himself! #selfishPOTUS
lol, who does Hillary work for? She ain't doin it for free
#quidproquo obviously
hope he does it. Think he's the only one of the two who will even try
only one that stands up to GOP and DEMs #MAGA
but kisses Putins ass! Trump is as fake as his orange spray tan!
that is 100% made up. Unlike the paper trail from HRC
of course! Anything against Trump is made up. He's an absolute angel, huh? Study up on him.
just list to a black POTUS tell black people to vote against a white man... whites need to Frk'n wake up
to avoid this nonsense!  Disgusted!
@realDonaldTrump Hmmm!! The ghost are coming out of the closet.
what have you done for the American people??
He a nasty sob I think obama worried Clinton crap will land on his lap trump16
that's EXACTLY what he's doing!!! #ImWithHer
Syria a mess, many can't find sufficient work, healthcare costs skyrocketing... but Obama is campaigning non-stop?!
He's trying to prevent a national disaster

@GeorgeTakei
He is working to fix the health care bill ask your republican counter parts to get off their hands and do their part.-
making sure you don't destroy America
because he is here to protecting our nation from the threat!!
it's not my opinion the Russian people are marching hoping you win
#traitor #lowratings #smallhands
WOW talk about calling the kettle black!! What a fool TRUMPY is stupid dementia delusional Mafia owned

amen you that
74 straight months of job creation, check your facts you dumb ass
So far you have no plans for the American people except to lie to us and to change your stance. #ImWithHer
oh goodness!! Do U not have a mind of ur own?! Oh I bet it sucks being a blind sheep lead by a criminal 
Donald is being charged with sexual assault and fraud. He's the criminal
lmao! Ur so gullible-the FBI is investigating Killiary! She has lots of BLOOD on her hands #VoteTrump #MAGA 
right on Donald! He is an incredible vacationer in fact he's been there ever since he got into office!
Why is he campaigning for a criminal on my dime?
You seriously want this vindictive child to be president? https://youtu.be/z0PGI16p8Lg 
FYI... Obama stutters and Crooked Hillary pauses during sentences when they lie.
@HillaryClinton @cnn Jason Miller just said o CNN everything u have ever touched has been a success...trump u, steaks, air!
He's campaigning to show Americans the stark contrast between a real president and a sad man who is clearly unfit to be one
He created 161,000 jobs, while you went bankrupt again!
Because he doesn't want a demagogue like you in power.  Excellent reason to be on the campaign trail.
Because your GOP pals in congress won't even listen to anything the DEMs come up with
Why should we vote for you?? Because your a good babysitter? Watching Hillary  and Obama every move and reporting back here
. Obama is just a POS who doesn't care about America.
and it pisses me off that we tax payers are paying for that plane ride at abt $179,000 an hour
because he DOESN'T LIKE YOU 
please Donald win, win ,win,win,win
why are you so bald and small handed?
because he can't create jobs or fix obamacare.  He is an idiot...
Guess all is well in Indiana too @mike_pence? You're out on the campaign trail too.
@o1d_dude stay out of D.C minimize the damage he does there.
#irony
Obama campaigns for Hillary knowing she is qualified to be our next POTUS.  As for jobs, how about 15.1 million new jobs.
Why is Obama spending our tax dollars flying around the country campaigning for Hilary, whom I do not support. Millions$$$
So @realDonaldTrump, we are looking at u arriving on Air Force One & campaigning instead of fixing Obamacare & working on jobs. Why is that?
because he is @POTUS , something you will never be. Let grown people do what they do. Trump say in a childs place, shut up!
From tonight’s #ACloserLook: How could anyone choose between Trump and Clinton?
Not something you'd ever do though.
- he hasn't "worked" in weeks!!! 
aren't you campaigning today in that God forsaken state where the "winter White House" is. #tinyTrump #impeachTrumpnow
Hillary has so many accomplishments. here is my view of the top three
Love Trump!!!
America is better off when he's playing golf and campaigning. Leave him be!
screw you brain dead thug
you're quite a hypocrite.
you smell like old piss stained rugs
since when has he worked for us? He has been working against us since elected into office. He doesn't care about America.
Obamacare new name THE UN-AFFORDABLE CARE ACT!!!
Obama is probably afraid that he will be questioned by FBI as to why he replied to Hillary's emails from a private serverAD

negative dissing our @POTUS still coming @VanJones68 @scottienhughes Nothing changed #newday #stoptrump #ImWithHer
wish medical debt was not so high or I would donate more. Praying 4 your success.
directv has blocked Fox News.  Please help rose c
I never could figure out why taxpayers are paying for Air Force One for Obama to campaign. Oh yes...his legacy. Get real!
You will be defeated in Jesus Name.
The hypocrisy surrounding you is sickening!!
Jealous much?
Why r u out campaigning instead of WORKING? I guess u needed a dose of admiration 2 keep ur head swelled with ur delusions
I want to know why I have to pay for the expense of him campaigning for her?  Inappropriate
He is working trying to make sure this country doesn't get taken over by racist and sick freaks like YOU FOOL. . .
I wonder wots wrong with Americans. Vote for Donald Trump to make America great again. Chinese are taking the world
Mr Trump we praying for you to win and make America Great Again.
geez the economy is in such great shape, he can afford to see to his legacy: unemployment in half, GDP 2.9%, DJIA up 300%
R we the tax payers paying 4 these losers to campaign for #HillaryIndictmant #BillClintonIsARapist  #MAGA
Have you noticed the role of Congress in this? #DonTheCon #DonThePerv
#fuckfacevonclownstick
The problem is - he never went to work for US
because. He's the first black President, which it took to get Bin HaHa. U would delegate it to Mexicans again I presume.
he is scared desperate time desperate measures
The more Obama is gone from the WH the more secure we all are!!
Cut #theDonald some slack. He obviously doesn't know what he's doing.  #theorangeone #shitsandwich #dumptrump
He is charming campaigner, & like snakes ppl are attracted to his song. He wants @TheDemocrats to win, avoid scandals
@passantino TRUMP-BANNON just kicked off his 2020 Election Campaign in FL. Guess NO SCOTUS vacancy filled til after NOV2020
He is trying to save our country from you.
I believe in you.  Have been praying and making calls to voters in va.
Obama is more in 5 minutes than you will ever dream of being!  Atone.  Repent.  Concede to bring country together.
