what are you going to do about WallMart HomeDepot , Amazon , your own products that manufacturing overseas , tax them all?
not to mention the daughter's Chinese made shoes, that rip off actual designers.
I am new to twitter....hope this reaches u.  I read you want the death penalty for pedophiles.  I pray u do this.
eats our lunch and pops the bag in our face days are over
So like you? TRUMP PRODUCTS ARE MADE ABROAD! YOU LYING CHEETO!
your shit is MADE OVER SEAS!!!!
Duh! Hes trying to fix that. He even said that. As a buissness man, he will make it harder 4 overseas profits
that happened to me an my husband starting over has been very difficult at the age of 53.
someone should interview the hundreds who didn't get to keep their job. What were the credentials for them to get canned?
get board, wanna chat?
@Katsquatch
when are you going to do stop sendingwork to china?
Jack taxes WAY UP on American workers/ consumers, bankrupt business, cause massive job losses. Smart! #MAGA
Tariff companies that leave America to increase profit. Makes staying a viable choice. More US jobs.
Not at all a viable choice. If uneconomical to stay in the US they will either go out of business, cut jobs
the last 8 years. I think we need to give the man a chance.
I am giving him a chance and anticipate that there will be regulatory and tax relief which WILL be good for
for the economy and WILL create more well paying jobs. Industrial policy and protectionism will detract
rather than improve on that progress.
@winatdelmr WE NEED YOU PEOTUS!  Send refugees home safe spaces. Mosques teaching hate, muslims training in USA, get em out
angry much?
Like you with YOUR merchandise? You're the poster child for LIARS! #TrumpIsNotMyPresident

you don't buy us products what do you care. you don't even pay what you owe contractors? what kind of leading is that?
it stinks doesn't it? US companies abroad should pay higher taxes on foreign profits..they are not employing Americans
that is what you and your family does.cheat hard working people out of their money not much more for you to steal from us
When were we great?
Does this mean all Trump products are going to be manufactured in the US???
but you did this while running your businesses....
#Dec19Disobedience 
#عصينا19ديسمبر 
#عصينا
you made shirts overseas and sold them here. You said it was because you were a good businessman
I've seen this happen first hand. It's cheaper to build an entire plant and ship product back to US with no tariff.
Trump Army
Same as your products right!
no way! Stop them from doing this. Treason!
you helped companies do this.  Lies lies lies, WORST president elect EVER. Also first one directly controlled by Russia
You're a fraud.  Put your money where your mouth is.
Are you bringing all of YOUR companies jobs back to the United States?  Instead of overseas where you sent them?
Kind of like you and your daughter did with your clothing lines.
A reminder Mr Trump that it was a Republican idea (GWB) to give tax incentives to move factories outside USA. Check facts!
what is Coca-Cola for 500 Alex
Sounds like your business practices.
#buy American when ever you can We can help each other
why are Ivanka's shoes made outside of the US?
Made in china because there is no way for companies to compete with the worlds largest slave race. Soon to be changed
where does all trump products come from????
Mmm Mr @realDonaldTrump I thought the only political system with the "My way or the Highway" mentality was Communism
it will with DT(delirium tremens) kick backs somewhere in his spiders web of deceit .#Tic-Tac T-rump
jim2673318
Not everyone is smart ,many people need job's that we work with our hands .Sewing ,putting parts together .I am one
It started in the 1970's ,In the 1960's we made our products here ,lamps ,shoes ,tv's ,coffee pots ,on and on now GONE
gives names of companies, so Americans can stop buying from !?$&@
Donald, don't you fire employees, build hotels all over the world, then bring the money back to America, or your pocket?
Where are your products made?
Are you and your wife not guilty of the same thing? Buying products made in china and selling them as your own???
Get off Twitter and do your job!
does this apply to your foreign made products as well? Your ties, suits etc? Yes. No. Circle one.
you're talking about yourself again~
@mike_pence BUSINESSES SHD NEVER want want want FREE CHOICE 2 move! "MAKE AMERICA BUSINESS-IRRESISTIBLE"viaPolicy&LowTax
wow,the looney left are exposing their hatred and bigotry here!
Darling, will darlng Ivankele be included when it comes to this?
Good point.
60 minutes said the company produced my asthma meds for 6c in Mexico turned around and charged me $500.00
.@realDonaldTrump do you mean they can't fire any employees even if they are downsizing???
you mean the way you do
*buys an iphone* "I hate products made in china!"
Yep just like you Donald
love whats happening! libs are crying
yep charge them double to sell back to use so they can pay the unemployed that they layed off
Ask Americans to buy only what is built here. Subaru and Honda are just some of what employs Americans.
As you said, no muslims to enter the U.S.Look at what is happening in Europe.Multiculturalism is imposible with them.
Are you going to let Boeing built planes in China. Is possible that Boeing is doing that?
that is how you get all your merchandise isn't it!?!
CHECK OUT THE SOUNDTRACK FROM THE MOVIE ''WHERE EAGLES DARE''     MIKE BECHERER
Mr. President, you are on the right path!!!!! Just keep going!!!!!
75% employees in U.S.=15% tax, less than 75% employees in U.S.=35% tax,..simple!
HMMMM, your daughter really needs to practice this, Her stuff and yours is made in china, #notmypresident
happens in Puerto Rico all the time ,built here , then comes back at twice the price. Crazy way of doing business!
,making our country great one job at a time. One purchase at a time, tolerance for these unamerican deals is over. TY
why not
such as Carrier??????
I was the last employee/union president out of Commonwealth Sprauge,in North Adams. They nalso moved production to Mex.=14k
When are you going to bring your company back from Mexico, and make your products in the U.S.? You are so two-faced
you sound like a dictator.
“But he got up there,” Jones said Tuesday, “and, for whatever reason, lied his a-- off.”
. You did it
@ElecTrumPence 
You all have been working hard.  Please take care of your health and get some rest.  Praying for you.
is your twitter just shitposts?
IVANKA's clothing line is produced in 
that's what you did- haaaa!
your ties!!!! #madeinbangledesh
Thank you for bringing business back to our Country! Loving it.  MAGA BABY!!!
@Trump4Hope  NFW. Not on my watch
I'd like to have a recount in CA just to see how much cheating goes on
trump loves to drink cum
@gmiller5227 we need to know who these companies are - thank you
. Let's put a stop to that. Mr.T, please announce some Trump products "coming back home" to quieten the trolls.
sounds like something YOU would/have done.
T may claim to have the backs of U.S. workers,when it comes2making shirts4those backs,T has chosen to make shirts overseas.
http://Facts.clothing  bearing Donald http://T.name  produced abroad n countries w/very low wages. Do research
will this policy  effect your  businesses or is there an exception for Trump companies?
hahs
go Trump! Create jobs for the college graduates
The proposed tax on these folks is great. Will help to pay for benefit to unemployed workers!
why not thats not aginst the law nobody wants to have a dick tator for preswhat a mistake
These large Company's that are ready to move OUT'  have been working w.  Illegals for years & should be confiscated asap
yas you raite
Yeah,  all of this circling back around foolishness has to stop.
ummm... So we aren't into capitalism anymore?
please attend a briefing or read a government history book. YOU cannot make a tax law. It takes an act of congress.
i dont hink so

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-07-30/senate-republicans-block-narrow-bill-on-offshore-breaks …
You know, every last thing you say doesn't need to be on twitter.
And when you get a full, restful, uninterrupted night's sleep.
Carry on, Sir.
Mrs. Sylvia Brown (Johnston) Watts, Dysartsville, NC
oh, we're autobiographical now I see! #TrumpConflicts #InvestgateNow #MinorityPresident #hypocrite
international trade based on living standard differences & thus cheap labour causes most imbalance in both Devp &undevp
Might not anymore but when Harmon Kardon moved most of it's work to Mexico Harley Davidson said NO!
try leading by example and show a little dignity!STOP MAKING YOUR SUITS AND TIES in China and Mexico!
.Don't let them sale their products back without a cost . Make them bring their business back into the USA...
How will this be enforced?  Are we hiring a million excise and border officers? Are we getting new import codes? #resist
Exod.23.25
Worship the Lord your God, and his blessing will be on your food and water. I will take away sickness from [1/2]
among you, #MerryChristmas #GodBlessAmerica #InGodWeTrust #OneNationUnderGOD [2/2]
Trump apparel is made in China, Bangladesh, Honduras, and Vietnam. will you pay the 35%
to right
I don't think so with Pres Trump in office. Import duty tax.
will you be tax Trump & Ivanka business on products manufactured in other countries and import? A LOT of us want to KNOW
Education is the only way good salaries will be made.  The workforce needs to upgrade skill at all levels through education
john bolton 4 Secretary of state
USER @realDonaldTrump OR IS THAT LOSER. U DIDNT PAY TAXES USING GOVT &MILITARY &STREETLIGHTS &POLICE OFFICERS. UR KIDs SCHOOLS. U OWE PEOPLE
you're about to be president, yet you don't know how to use an ellipses.
Your arrogance is ridiculous...  you will be long abandoned before we sucker into your demands.
your own companies manufacture products in china? Explain that!
America devaluates others coutry money making it easy for US corps to get their cheap slave labor (change that )
yes most specially the car company's in this country
please explain how this is more important than you NOT using a blind trust? I will need proof,facts,legitimate source
weaving spiders come not here
good job. Ty for looking out for us
this coming from a  who does business elsewhere https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=SYoOPgeTMQc … #
you're starting a new business venture?
Just a spoiled bully.
will still receive at least 7 million in tax breaks but they must still send at least 1000 jobs to Mexico
@samuelj41944686 AMEN! Maytag left Il. Destroyed alot of peeps lives...offered 2 yrs of college.wish we cud say no fridges
We need the #fuelcell incentive tax credit to help expand fuel cell industry https://static1.squarespace.com/static/53ab1feee4b0bef0179a1563/t/58407fd03e00befa6e934c05/1480622033250/FCHEA+Statement+Call+To+Action+MAS+FCHEA.pdf?platform=hootsuite … …
erm Don old bean, your rather tacky goods are made in Mexico etc....
why not start with your daughters companies?  Oh wait what is ok from Trumpinski is not for the rest of us.
I agree, this is not right.
what impact will this have upon #AmericansAbroad who work locally for a local company? #CBTax #DiasporaTax #FATCA
What about all of your products that you outsource to other countries?
