You suck sorry for malania.  She has to see you naked.   Oh my that makes me sick
.@realDonaldTrump #TrumpRussia ...didn't you hear?
These lunatics either become a terrorist or the president these days.  It's a bit of a grey area, possibly dependent on inherited wealth.
I thought you were born there?
That white supremacist terrorist in Charlottesville  came out of his mother's womb.
Is this a moment of self-reflection?  Not sure how you got elected, either - fewer votes and all...
Yah, how DID he get here?
@CassandraRules B/C he was seven (7) years old???
hes not talking about him coming here, hes talking abt him not being snagged for being a fucking terrorist
duh
speaking of "duh", falling out of bed kills more 'Muricans than terrorists.
Dept of Bedroom Security needed
By winning the Electoral College but not the popular vote.
How the hell did you get through America's? You're the one inciting war, threatening to destroy a country & kill hundreds of thousands. POS.
He claimed to be a billionaire, spoke somewhat passable English, and had several buildings with his name on them. But,  there were signs.
Kinda like Joe Arpaio
The question we ask ourselves about you every day
You are a very disgusting man with a very disgusting family love the people magazine article on how bad your family is you need to go away
Hate your hair color.   Who does it because He or She should just stop doing hair
#OurLeadersAreStupid. Political correctness is killing us.
The United States outsources vetting, and has done so for years.
Bot.

THAT MAKES NO SENSE. EVEN FOR YOU. SHOW YOUR TAX RETURNS
does this mean you support hillary and her call for regulations?
Please think of the money trump. Because that wall expensive
SOMEONE IS NOT SHOWING HIS TAX RETURNS
@Lucas_Ramey1 "System"? What system. America  doesn't Have an immigration system. Not one that's enforced...
expose it, your golden member of exquisiteness. You are a true wizard and word shaman.
tell Hilllary not to confuse 25 years of experience with one year of experience 25 times
Obama and Hillary's foreign and immigration policies melding into one. HIT her on this tonight! Unvettable refugees? Merkel
So says the leader of the so easily misled. He continually tries to disqualify his own self, but his idiots don't care.
. This is a nation of mostly Christians, so why aren't we  protecting them and our Christian heritage. Obama&Hillary = Satan
@ChristoherMcco1 This is a Holy War against Islam and Obama and CROOKED HILLARY are allowing Christians to be killed.
@wisdomfromage : invited
@peteraider2
Obama doesn't see it ,because he is one of them ! He is crooked just like Crooked Hillary Clinton " MAGA "
WE NEED BETTER SCREENING FOR T#HOSE TYPE OF PEOPLE. WHO SAYS THESE PEOPLE ARE GOOD. THEY DO NOT HAVE OUR RELIGION ATHEART
LOL. Come on, @realDonaldTrump WHAT system!? These migrants are NOT really vetted. Obama wants ISIS on American soil. @ElizabethJaneEv
probably got here as one of your illegal immigrant workers Donald
you are the terrorist
stop immagration now. Compassion kills the innocent.
wrong system
invite Haitian president to http://debate.foundation  needs to answer for its crimes
@britview and why did the media say he was Hispanic, disgraceful

you know you can use something like "1/2" or "1 of 2" instead of using text lingo. It does help you look smart... oh wait.
who told you? What's your source?
you've got a lot in common with this American terrorist
The same way you've gotten thru without revealing your tax returns!
@USA1Trump Our nation has serious security breaches at many levels; we need to act smart and quickly; remove enemies within
since you're the republican party's candidate for president, I hope that you can educate yourself by CRAM studying! 
he was born here. Are you going to vetting all of us living here? Dimwit!!!
it is a shame Donald you weren't interested in this terrorist problem 20 years ago.
Yeah.So was the teenager who blew up a church with African-American Christians! He got thru. Bet his dad is voting for you.
we just had a shooting of 4 Women in Washington state --a rural shopping mall---save us from this shit
He was reported to the FBI by his own father, too bad the FBI didnt listen Muslim father, they could of stopped the attack.
*through
Get illegals citizenship and get the votes for HRC. Hillary is so corrupt !!! She is a very DESPERATE woman !
EZ they r not vetting them just pushin them through HRC & Obama have them workinOT 2 get everyone citizenship
r u really THAT stupid? He was 7 years old you dolt! Wht makes ppl think u shld be NEAR the WH let alone in it? #dumbdonald
I'm with him you're the only one who can fix this problem because there's too many politicians taking advantage
@ViciTrue exactly and you know there's more we have to make a change quickly or we're not going to have a country anymore
So many Liberal TROLLS . . faceless grunt liberals . . spewing hate . . then blame it on others . . PATHETIC !!!
cause he's fucking american.
you can ignore her questions response concentrate on your response
don't let Hillary sidetrack you in debate by attacking you/your life it isn't about your life but making a better America

How is it that 1800 .. not 800 terrorists from questionable countries are granted citizenship by accident in election yr?
.  @cnn @Ericarn4usa. How is it that the rest of Hil-liar's emails not released until after election? The most corrupt govt
lets TRUMP the election.
stupid comments just shut up
just like you got through our system. By conning, By fraud. By slick comments to naive ignorant folks. need i go on?
you've the fucking nerve. He who is an alleged American who has a significant amount of DOMESTIC TERRORISTS as supporters.
you are a terrorist and got thru the system. Enough said.
he got through the system when #RonaldReagan let his parents in! #NeverTrump #Racist #misogynist
We've asking this about you for over a year.
#trumpufraud #maketrumpirrelevantagain
when are the Jews and Christians going to riot over terrorist killing us???? Wait that wouldn't solve anything...
Talking about - you?
that's is what I want to know how the GOP let u in..They didn't Vetted you..Shame on them not during there job...
DUH! POTUS was so busy warding off evil and discord from within - he had no resources left to ward off evil from without
@JohnGGalt Heck, im still trying to comprehend how ppl voted a terrorist loving Muslim into the whitehouse these last 8yrs
The Homeland Security Head.
sad thing is I know Latinos who have been here yrs N finally get citizenship. Are very proud to be Americans N voting USA.
@Madusa_rocks never thought smart people be can short sighted to really believe this man, like putting  title in a trash
Homeland security is a enemy of this country...maybe obama might want to check him out. Would explain a stolen passport
Good question.
ALL KINDS OF RELIGION PRACTICES ARE COMING IN AND JOBS ARE GOING OUT. THEY VOW TO DESTROY AMERICA.
because it was not possible to tell, when he was a toddler  that he would become a terrorist? Think about
Because he was seven years old when he came here?
Donnie John, more people die in the US at the hands of drunk drivers than at the hands of terrorists. Approx 27 a DAY!
ask Hillary or Obama!
Please ask Hillary WHY her eye rolls on Monday night's debate!!!! And, WHY she uses body doubles?!!!
he was born here, !!!
he was 7 years old. That's how he got by!!  Damn you FBI for not treating first graders like terrorists.
. planning on saying anything to the families?  Didn't think so.

People have forgot that Obama put law in place to tie the hands of FBI , can't ivestigate  Muslims!
Didnt you hear, Hillary and Obama are the leader of ISIS
I don't know, how did you?
Until you prove you take your civic duty to pay tax seriously,  you don’t qualify to be #POTUS
 RE
Paying taxes is a civic duty not an option. Get #Trump to prove he performs his duty.
RE https://twitter.com/OkeyMor57/status/778984315652677632 …
 Warfighters R&R is needing your help!  you can read about the founder TEAM WORK
http://www.warfightersrandr.com 
it just keeps happening and they were aware of him
Where's your taxes?
.@realDonaldTrump to assume you will ever get totally fail-proof systems is foolish of a presidential candidate. Proves you know nothin!
IMPORTANT MESSAGE FOR CHARLOTTE.
how did you get through grade school with spelling like that?!  "Thru" hahahah. LOSER
you have the IQ of 4 jars of mayonnaise #yuge #TheDonald #ImWithHer #Election2016
Holy shit! People's opinions change over time! 15 years ago I was Catholic, now I'm an #atheist. Radicalization can happen.
HOW is RIGHT! Shame on Obama/Clinton slipping more danger into USA-Obama broke promise to keep home safe!
PC society!  Must do something before we say something!  FBI not allowed to target or investigate unless PROVEN bad actor!
to destroy one terrorist is not possible
better yet, how would your system have caught him?
He was a US citizen. Better check your facts.
You are a homegrown terrorist Donald Trump. You have ruined everything you touch. Sensible people know that you are a con
he was a child when he arrived you massive tool.
@seanhannity @LouDobbs     Minnesota Mall Attacker ID’d As One Of Hillary’s Somali Muslim Refugees  http://freedomdaily.com/revealed-minnesota-mall-attacker-idd-as-one-of-hillarys-somali-muslim-refugees/ …
The tell-tell sign is when they start whining about being dicriminated against 'cos they're muslim....
Seems to be an escalation--will happen as more and more networking takes place with ISIS and they congregate on computers.
probably bullshit stories!  how did u do it? #askingforafriend
Presidental candidates without #taxreturns R poorly vetted. How did U get through the system? using your "charities" cash
You think you are okay and you are a #Terror ist inciting violence, hatred, racism and trying to get #HillaryClinton klled
@DanScavino @seanhannity @LouDobbs @RealJamesWoods @DineshDSouza  http://counter-jihad.uk/horrific-the-real-face-of-sharia-law-video/ …
Got thru the same way as your wife?
As a Naturalized Citizen I can tell you that most Immigrants want to be Americanized and just get their grove on.No Prob
And there could be at least another 1800 whom we just gave citizenship to.
so whats your plan for all the crazy whites who shoot up schools, movies, etc. maybe some racial profiling?
LIAR ! Ya Talk about Refugees being the danger,not 1 has done anything, this guy is a nut! Thats it !!  keep selling Fear!!
A very simplistic view of the situation from #trump. People change over time.
Simple #trump doesn't understand that 2 years ago, this person wasn't a terrorist, and now he is. People change over time.
#trump seems to think that people don't change over time. Perhaps he should look at his own record of policy flip flops.
FBI blew it again-maybe understaffed, but we are not ready for more refugees-They need non-US safe place.
.@realDonaldTrump Your grandfather came here, then changed his name. That's how. #Scampaign #UniteBlue #ArrestTrumpNow
he was 8 when he came to the US. Moron
Welcome to America - where you're not arrested without evidence!
that guy getting through our system is WAY less terrifying than the fact that you got actually got the nomination to run!
it's called "immigration".
Please tell me you are kidding.  He was 7 years old when he came.  Do you think ideologically vetting would have worked?
he's been here since he was 2. I guess people like you radicalize him.
is a lying demogogue
And if a natural born citizen decides to bomb or shoot up a public place how do you pre screen then out @realDonaldTrump
Sad to say, but I am starting to feel like the FBI & DHS can not be trusted. It makes you wonder. #canwetrusttheFBI&DHS
they scrubbed the records cause he's Muslim.  Obama very dangerous and Hillary would do same thing.  Scary.
KYSSSSS
He was born here.... duh
you mean how did this American citizen get thru the system? Use ur Very good brain
The @FBI been dropping the ball a lot lately. Most of the terrorist attacks were people scrubbed from terrorist watch list
You are the strong leader we've been waiting for!
@sheilafla345 certain people want it to happen.
rapist
Yet no talk about Israel terrorism ?Or USA terrorism on the Middle East ??? FROM USA OR FUNDED BY USA !
probably by not getting "radicalized" until AFTER he became a citizen.  We have plenty of terrorists that r born here 2.
First his daddy gave him a lot of money. Then he had a TV show. Then he ran for president.
how have you gotten thru the system?
better one terrorist among us than thousands of innocents among violence.
The same way , you got to be PRESIDENTIAL candidate, by BULLSHITTING , the people.
Well, since you made it through the system, why shouldn't anyone?
I DONT KNOW BUT IT ALMOST SEEMS LIKE HE COULD BE PRESIDENT ONE DAY  .
hmmmm.  Hypocritical?

it's you isn't it
Big up sir you just win the post and give the damn solution
it is insane that Pakistan (where most Islamists are bred/trained) sends more immigrants to U.S. than any European nation!
where are your taxes Donald? Where is the explanation about you using charity money for business expenses?
he was 7 years old u baboon when he came to America. So now ur psychic & would have known he was doing to do this?
Duh, he was 7-years-old and he came with his parents.  Guess no one knew he would be a terrorist then.
#antichristTrump # drumpf
when he was 4 years his parents came here!
Probably the same way you got through so much of the system and still are, he bribed a politician with a $25,000 donation!
Obama?
@Zoydberg 90% of terrorists are white christian make US citizens . Let's deport all white Christian men first!
what do you base that on?
http://www.globalresearch.ca/non-muslims-carried-out-more-than-90-of-all-terrorist-attacks-in-america/5333619 …
many people have linked me this, it's only in the US, and it's between the years of 1980 and 2005
how can you think this is representative of terrorism on the global scale today?
Good question Donnie ... and on the same subject, look who got through the RNC to become an actual candidate.  Go figure.
How..on earth did you???
SCARY. At least TRMUP sees the DANGER.
TRUMP 2016!!!
we all know how he got through.
learn to spell
