Enjoy your stuffed Turkey at Christmas Dinner ! Do it properly & you won’t get ptomaine poisoning & a trip to the hospital ! GOOD cooks have been stuffing their birds for YEARS ! & make sure you don’t eat at a dirty house ! When you live in a glass house don’t throw stones !
@OketchTom @ICJKenya @NASAKennedy @cghrdkenya @UNDP Kenya cals for international intervention from election multipractise
The police brutality & biased security response prove of lawlessness.
@BBCWorld @EAukot @TurkanaCountyKE @UNDP Where is matiangi with security as student butchered by Toposa..?
@KTNKenya @knchrkenya @BBCBreaking Lokichoggio mixed sec school students butchered Toposa
You have a case of domestic terrorism staring you in the face and you won't call it what it is and denounce it.
USA & Allied forces lost many man liberating EU from Naziism WWII, yet you equivocate and won't denounce the hatred 4 which Nazis r known.
Yesterday a young woman lost her life to some Nazi who mowed her down in his car. Speak out against Nazis who support you.
What about the Terror Attack here in the USA? Americans count too.
Today there were terror attacks in Charlottesville, USA when are you going to call out these terrorist! Coward!
weird, happened in the US too.
Your country is #RacistAsFuck. Fix that before you try to inflict your "exceptionalism" on the rest of the world. 
#Charlottesville
If only you ,DJT, believed what you said!
And what about the terrorist attack on the mosque here in America? No comment? Without your Nazi followers you would have no support.
Agree! And it must begin with you!!!
Yes, based on Nazi terror in C'ville, need to recognize that the worst terrorists in US are Rt wing whites
Remember that time when domestic terrorists ran a truck into a crowd in Berlin, and @realDonaldTrump condemned both ISIS and Germans?
yes=religion & political tensions leading to *disaster *t.y. for y'r ongoing genuine efforts 2 cleanse humanity's cesspool*
Terrorism is the consequence of terrorist states like ,USA it is very simple to understand it.
We Stand With America....YOU are our President of the UNITED STATES... GOD BLESS YOU and GOD BLESS AMERICA....We Voted for YOU....Remember
And you are talking about hatred all day long. Look in the mirror.
WHAT ABOUT CANADA?????????
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
.@realDonaldTrump Running with the hare & hunting with the hound is the root cause of world-wide terrorism. Call a spade a spade.
sir first you start stopping aids to country like Pakistan who is source of terrorism.
Having lots of hope from you..
.  I agree
we can not change the world till the government s change
Yes, but first we need to recuperate from denial.
so why are you trying to make America like nazi Germany
Indeed. A lot of work to  do, together :)
cm
Take a couple of minutes and watch this -WOW on Dearborn Michigan , what happened to America
That's why 3 million more Americans voted for Hillary Clinton instead of for you. Everything you touch turns to shit.
Drac
WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP!!!!!
All the world looks to us and I am sure hopes American will be GREAT, again, b/c that affects favorable to all the world!
I guess I should remove myself from twitter. And that makes me very sad - what should I do
I'm so deeply hurt and crying
I'm severely disappointed bc if apology is due,it shows strength and character. If I'm wrong let me be the 1st to admit it!
omgomgomg re : Meryl Streep's complaint Trump ! Apology is in order! Shows great humility!NEVER MAKE FUN OF THE HANDICAPPED
this is what Trump A team sent me "Ok cry to your church nothing will change"
That Is So True The Renewal of one male An Female MINDS that's the Solution not Worldly Earthly devilish Thinking!
All thanks to US , it is at the heart of destabilize middle East for half a century
Do your job and make sure this shit doesn't happen in the United States of America. Muh Precedent.
yes arm everyone good guys with guns so we can really F the planet
:Awesomely thinking Sir Jr,
That was a great and brilliant piece there from you!
We will like you more in such "an office".
Actually sir many of these terrorists are successfully using your image and words to recruit. Please meet with us ASAP.
@reeeDonaldTrump  "tweeting"...you are doing a beautiful job keeping the public informed. Your transparency is honorable @realDonaldTrump
and you of all people have the answers? Ha!
You should try to become part of the civilized world, PEDOPHILE. Til then, zip it.
The civilized world needs to attack with extreme prejudice, or we are doomed.
How about thinkng of the familes of the victums.  What if it were your kids?  HOW ABOUT SAYING SORRY AND PRAYS ARE WITH YOU
It's will be nice to see someone in the White House that will take on these Radical Muslims, and not afraid!
@SesayWalter be on the watch dad,,,terrorist are not resting,they must all be killed.
We did!
wow. How about stating that your thoughts got out to the victims and their families. Have you no heart ?  Oops-not about U
hey are reacting to you being elected. It's only going to get worse for the next (for help us) 4. LONG. YEARS!
things look different from the Ivory tower where YOU live.  Time to join the REAL world.
Smart People created immigration laws , borders , and security for a reason , a very good reason .. why do we not "get it"
THANKS PRESIDENT TRUMP WOULD YOU CHECK OUT A 1952 LAW THAT BAN MUSLINS FROM THE USA AN AGAIN THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH GBU
when does this fool really scare you
@frederickbronn2

Changed thinking isn't going to stop terrorism.
And pushing an agenda of hatred towards Muslums, Jews, Women, Hispanics and Blacks is your way of changing thinking?
Yes nice is not working gifts are not working talking is not working
Trump advocates civilized world changing its thinking to become uncivilized instead. Well, 'go with what you know' I guess.
Greethings from Switzerland, no terror here...  Do you know where Switzerland is? #Trump #fail
,.
Yes,Offense's best defense Don't give an inchThey will not accept peace no matter, No AM blood should B shed to fight them,
hello trump. It is said that there may be a chance for you to take US to the 2nd strongest country
#GLADIO ?
to what???
worry about America first. The reason you are president.
u r the future leader of the U.S,I'm horrified you decided not 2 meet daily 4 security briefings! Not safer, just scary!
Agreed, destroying nations, displacing millions has to stop, Especially on my dollar (weak as it is).
we look up to you to pressure Pakistan and end epicentre of terror. just go through last 5 year terror briefs you will know
we are with you Mr. Trump make America great again!
well then stop acting like Hitler
By that I hope u mean let the different sects of animals kill each other without help. Only way to get their minds off us !
MUSSOLINI
hey do you see what the american people are asking? are you listening? do you plan on answering? do you fucking care?
what about the racist, religious, and LBGT  attacks here in america, because of you rhetoric? can you fix that?
NO, UNCIVILIZED WORLD MUST CHANGE THINKING!
George Soros Acountability along with Rothschilds,and Rockefellers Corruption Stops Without There MoneyPowerAnd Evil NWO !
GOD - you are the mind renewer and heart changer! Thy perfect; Holy will be done http://www.whatsaiththescripture.com/Fellowship/God.Can.Change.A.Heart.html …
Yes Sir, the civilized world. Unfortunately, much of the world is Not civilized. We are One Nation Under God.
impossible with you as the president. World will be far worse in your 4 years.
- exactly! Let's start by ignoring demagogues.
The imans must stop teaching the radical verses of Mohammad which teaches  to kill 
non-believers..Jews..Christians
and how would the civilized world do that??
You are the GREATEST threat to the civilized world!  Anyone with a BRAIN in this world DESPISES you!
They may soon arrive on  your doorstep. I wish them success.
Trump solution
https://youtu.be/d2s9AV910NY  
thank God for you. Hillary would have let in all the radical lunatics if she were elected.
The only change needed is to throw you in the junkyard where you Belong!
yah they should.- the world should open up their eyes to the evil you spew all the time.
A return to first principles in Chicago is necessary.
"Martial Law" is the answer overseas. Why not HERE in our country?
This is a pointless tweet.  You are like a drunk uncle, who says obvious crap and congratulates himself on wisdom.

stop the fear mongering. Let the people think for themselves.

To what?
drastic times...
yes, we, true Americans  are behind you, do away with muzzies
time to overthrow you
People are killed in America everyday do to gun violence, but your more concern about other countries, Russia being one
who is the civilized world?
all happened after you were elected too #trump
Why don't you go there and check it out? Hopefully with a big red x on your back.
There was nothing 'civilized' about your election campaign,
wrong
Nuke em right tRump?
Yoy need to start thinking.
Growth cannot occur without change. Praying for some kind of resolution
its your fault there is so much more hate
Starting with the incoming  president. Prove us wrong.
the world is on fire and burning fast. When we have peace.  USA needs to be strong
DUMP TRUMP HE Is ISIS and  RUSSIAN helper
can't change thinking with you in the office u terrorists
Donald your so insightful! Really?
And that had nothing to do with you making villians out of half the world's population?
You can save America, England & Europe are past repair, sharia law is growing more & more areas,& our police won't stop it,
WE ARE SCREWED IN ENGLAND, SHARIA PATROLS, ENFORCING SHARIA LAW, POLICE WILL NOT GO IN THEM AREAS, EUROPE IS THE SAME
We now have a compident leader 1-20-17
You are not civilized!
we needed Donald Trump so bad .... finally someone understands what is really going on ....
Yes, We must focus on providing the basic necessities of life - food, shelter - to the world http://www.humanityparty.com 
Better yet we should stop thinking and let Putin help guide us. #RemoveTheRussianSanctions #MRGA
Totally I am frustrated leaders and do gooders refuse to own to the threat .
The EU either needs to get their own forces together or pay the costs for the US Mil.  Tired of paying for their Def.
hopefully war ends, oil ends, opium ends and we stay home n build here first!!!
You r so right.Plez be as transparent as poss re tough decisions u'll be making so we understand esp if we don't like them.
There are 22 million of us vets and most would go now!!!
I'm a Veteran Vietnam era and I'm still under my oath. I will go today to do whatever necessary to extinguish the enemy!!
Yes sir, we need to get on offense instead of defense and don't stop until they (terrorists) are all eliminated!!
Exactly. We must all stand together - no matter what belief or nationality - and work for peace. WE are Germany, not you!
@johnguk I get it. You don't want to step on your significant others toes
@johnguk weird how you say something about this but you don't say anything about allepo. Could it be because of Putin lol
stop fucking preaching xenophobia and hatred then!!
: A global united front designed to disarm & isolate the worst  radical terrorist groups that the union might agree upon.
what about Aleppo and Venezuela? Why are we not talking about Aleppo and Venezuela?
Are they part of the JV team Obama talked about? Can't believe people actually believe his lies
YES - it is time we stood up for ourselves
help us Trump stop isis
starting with you
Israel does very well utilizing profiling techniques to execute security.  PC is a fail...
Yes. Stop hating, start loving. Stop fear mongering, man up and show some CHRISTMAS SPIRIT to those who need it most.
: Fighting terrorists with our military is to expensive & visible, & kills to many innocent people. We have better tools.
: The powers that be need to agree to stop arming these groups & agree to confront them on a more direct and serious level.
Donald, your campaign showed little evidence of cogent thought. Just thought bubbles of falsehoods.
by what nuking people is that how we do it in a civilized world
These Muslims hate us. I live in the ghetto and I see many Muslims and they say they hate Americans. Please fight for us!
@Batteryman27 Mr. President Trump, my dad said that you fight fire  with fire  this people understand one language, LEAD
I can't hardly wait until Jan 20. You are going to be a great president. God bless you
yr eyes look like cat buttholes
too bad civilized world don't include Trump , I am sure there's still some room in the barbaric world. Move on !
We need to stop attacking Muslim countries!
Fret not. Ignore it. You will get to see it again. History repeats itself.
This is a great concern of ours hopefully there will be immediate remedies, with no delaying.
no shit sherlock. We need a one of thinks about creating order not chaos #notmyprez #TrumpleThinSkin #Trumpocalypse
Kumbaya
