say Terrorist! That's what this imbecile was, a domestic terrorist!
Don't you think your prayers are a bit presumptuous? You have money here but NOT IN HEAVEN.
Congragulation
#Where is Uma??Still working for Clintons???ll//00
Amen..lets also pray for the church burning in Greenville,MS done by your supporters
By whose supporters?

Your bigotry causes you to jump to conclusions.

Open your mind. It'll open your.
I need help for 2 days.I need to pay a diplomatic courier $33K to have him bring friend's Exit Camp form to me in CT. HELP.@realDonaldTrump
He had server 38 yeats in navy military and gulf war, 57 yyears old and he will die in Aleppo please help me i camp. For u@realDonaldTrump
An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
What about treason?
Who the fuck came up with that clusterfuck of a hairstyle & why can't you see how jacked up it is?
The Iowa police were killed by one of your deranged supporters Donnie. @AnnCoulter
suspect caught was one of your supporters! Your hate rhetoric created this. Your followers are mentally ill.
His Mentally ILL followers elected the 45th of the USA, as 46% of registered DEMS were too busy to Vote
@tkinder  Us all? You are not one of us.  You can never be one of us.
One of who?
read his quote
…and what? If you want to make a point draw me a picture because I’m not following you in the slightest.
is right about everything. People PLEASE listen to him. He is telling you the truth about HILLERY CLINTON...
Mr. Trump has run a horrible campaign. It makes me sick everyday. He is a sad man. Vote on Nov. 8 to stop him #VoteOrGrope
How do you vote for a criminal?
 so,., you're voting for the one that has two upcoming court dates for Racketeering and Rape 
And you're voting for a proven criminal? I don't see how that is better.
He has NEVER faced a criminal trial.
I was talking about Killary
HRC cancelled her trip to Iowa today what does that say? She can't face what has happened to this country!! Trump!
u dont pray liar
you think Hillary Clinton's mouth is a prayer book you must be young and don't know Hillary.
@BorisEP  neither of these fucks strike me as people who pray for anything
Thank you for your service men. Rest Easy and God Bless
Why didn't you use your $$ and vast influence (have you seen the size of your rallies?) to save their lives, you monster?
save their lives now how would he do that that's a pretty silly tweet
.@dkcombs55 @realDonaldTrump Thank you.
If YOU are NOT voting Trump,
STOPFOLLOWINGTWITTER TRUMPNOV 8th
A POLL for the tweeps & the Trumps. #HitHimWhereItHurts
vote TRUMP!
I'm voting Trump now!
The guy who takes out millions in loans on his LEASED penthouse in DC.
#WhereAreTheyNow? #WednesdayWisdom

you are so correct! Bill Clinton is a child sex fiend and proven rapist!
Bill Clinton is a proven sex offender, rapist, pedophile, criminal. Just like Hillary.
but who's going to trial for raping a 14 year old?   That's right it's Trump..
Haha nobody, that case was dismissed THREE times already! You really need to get informed and stop letting the MSM brainwash you.
yeah right, and how many times has Bill or Hillary been convicted? And you are Breitbart Brainwashed!!
Fear the truth. That is your lifestyle. Try being American for a change. Bill Clinton =  Impeached.
are you sure that hillarys gonna win??
Yes...
I see @KellyannePolls has the iphone.
and Trump called them "Stupid". 
Why has Trump spent his (ENTIRE) life screwing the working class? Outsourcing his labor, hiring H2-B labor..
what did the scorpion sad to the frog?
God bless U & keep U safe Donald.
#ImWithHer: An Open Letter To #Hillary Clinton, From A Dad With a Daughter: Thank You | People
...open letter from Hillary to the People of the USA. "I don't give two shits about all of you, this is about ME ME ME."
I thought that was trumps open letter trumps done nothing for America AMERICA BAILED HIM OUT FOUR TIMES
No that was Hillary's CLASSIFIED emails where she SOLD OUT our country to the highest bidder!
I'm sorry you have mental health issues. Seek therapy.
aren't u late for a kkk meeting
LOL maybe it's you that's late for a BLM meeting. Thug lives don't matter btw.
Where did you get it? No longer available on Youtube
#futurePresident
The message must be exactly right before it endorses.

@SarahHuckabee I know u were hoping it was a minority, sorry it wasn't. Law&Order!
the murderer was at a trump rally you monster. Disavow violence or the blood is on your hands.
Does this apply to @fbi or are you cool with attacking the bureau?
#CheetoDick the killer was one of yours #GOPRacism #bigot
Praying 4 YOU & YOURS=KEEP DOING WHAT U ARE DOING=MAKE SURE VOTERS KNOW CAN GET PAPER BALLOTS.
you're praying for and supporting a 3x married,  cheating,  bigot that has never asked for God's forgiveness?
blue lives matter. Rest In Peace
all lives matter......
yes they do.
then why would you say blue lives matter
because 2 officers died innocently to those who are police life haters
why would they hate police?
many people believe the police aren't here to protect and serve
a lot of people are not here to protect and serve but no one is shooting them why police specifically
it was a white guy fuck you die
He didn't say it wasn't you twat.
I don't doubt the legitimacy of this claim but I'm curious about where you found it. Link?

not in good taste to joke on a tweet like this
iPhone tweet. It's sad your own candidate can't express condolences like an actual human being.
What's wrong with what he said, exactly?
The tweet was fine, but he didn't say it. Trump tweets from an Android. That's why his iPhone tweets don't have his voice.
You mean he didn't have his team focus group it for 3 days?  He just SAID what he THINKS from an IPHONE?

What a monster.
No, he didn't. His staff did.

YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT HE DOES, SO STHU. AND NOTHING ON SHILLARY'S PAGE ABOUT IT
Radical White Christian Terrorist. Are you scared to say the words?
#RadicalGunCultureTerrorism
Maybe you can convince your fans to stop hating everyone.
Donald, congratulations on yesterday's endorsement from the KKK. #MAWA! @realDonaldTrump
btw she also has endorsements from the KKK. DO UR RESEARCH UNIFORMED !
Trump hates blacks and women you're a woman and you love blacks why do you support him?
Trump never called young black youths "super predators" your girl Hitlery did
yeah why was that okay?
The Iowan youth is with Trump!!! #MAGA
trump is a racist. are you as well???
Tell me one racist thing he's said
that Mexicans are rapist and criminals.
you're racist if you just took a whole ethnicity and said they were something
by definition Donald
I believe The Trump Train is apart of a NEW LIBERATING Party! Not usual Repubs and Not Dems either. This is FOR THE PEOPLE
Trump says supports Police
But Backs sale of Assault weapons,HYPOCRITE
@realDonaldTrump @StopTrumpIn16
@HillaryClinton
uninformed
#Istandwithpolice
going by your logic i want to one of them to be raped cause that will be only sexual experience ill ever have
Do they keep *all* of us safe?
Shut the fuck up you potato bug. Just be glad you didn't get ambushed, puto.
Are you OK?
you fought hard and won. Despite the powerful convincing tool which is the mainstrean media being bias against uvictorious.
WHY NOT OFFER CONDOLENCES FOR THE FALLEN COPS, DUMBAZZ, INSTEAD OF SPOUTING DRIVEL

U.S. police chiefs blast Trump for endorsing "police brutality" http://wapo.st/2vhaao3 
ALL LIFE MATTER. This movement continues after presidential elections. All mens are created equals with the same rights
Not to trump!
because u say so
Also why would I think anything you say is credible, when clearly you lack education seeming you cannot even spell simple words correctly?
I understand ur frustration (U were defeated) can U understand my excitement? (WE WIN)
Yes We Did... We Won !!!!
We still winning. And for those whining again TRUMP MOVEMENT.Ur frustration will last longer than U think. Just watch!!
when you come you will stop all this
always amazing. A leader that speak about little things like a fible minded man
The most important election in our lifetime, we can either be great again or be on the path of becoming an Islamic State
Of course not a word out of Obama. He's too busy flying around on Airforce One pleading Hillary's case.
Was a Trump supporter type that murdered cops.
@JasonMillerinDC http://m.hannity.com/articles/election-493995/undercover-video-democrats-ask-union-leaders-15259392/ …
you incite this violence! #HRCAmericanSteel #VoteBlueDownBallot
.@realDonaldTrump 
The Suspect was a #trump supporter. Photo of his home. This police family wants you to denounce him & his support.
what about the church in Mississippi that was burned down and "Vote Trump" was written on the outside any prayers for them?

praying you pay your vendors, shareholders, baja condo owners and Trump U victims back,
They were killed by a supporter of yours.

but Donnie, he is one of yours. Will you pay his court costs?
You hateful, lying, orange fool.
your supporters inspired by your hatred and bigotry killed police officers! RIP Officers!
thank you Hillary hasn't said a word
So you will limit gun ownership to slow or prevent subsequent incidents?
OUR DEAR SHRI. NARENDRA MODI JI PUT RECORD WIN 2014 ELECTION. SO DO YOU IN 2016 U.S.A. BIG WIN BIG WIN BIG WIN BEST WISHES
The words sound nice DON but frankly I don't think you know how to pray. You do know how to PREY though.
THE POS NEVER GAVE CONDOLENSE, 
WHAT A POS
Please save it. Gratuitous at best. What about UR nephew. The critically ill infant U stopped medical help on?
Praying for Iowa. Elect Donald J. Trump. Return to peace 
La politica non è sempre e solo una questione"da grandi"a volte ai più piccoli certe cose risultano più chiare ed evidenti.
@SharNeal Sir the Police sacrifice so much,  thank you for their support.
You have blood on your hands
it makes me sick that people are commenting about politics on such a tragic post #RememberTheFallen
This is a man who is really standing with the family's of tragic loss, and is trying to bring them  some type of comfort 
Donald.  Please tell the truth when I sincerely ask you, have you really prayed, ever?
rbffbthtybfhfhf Hoyt fatty fry dB BMT fhbty. Then my thug fut trench through FBI thy thy high hm ttjtg
By one of your #kkk trump fans. #makeamericaWHITEagain
prayers....
who is he praying to? Not to my God, that's for sure
Did Scott Michael Greene vote for you in advance? If not, he's missed his chance. Too bad.

Godliness makes nation great, sin is a disgrace...Prov 14:34 NLT God, our nation needs Trump #MAGA In Jesus' name, Amen!
Amen
I doubt u condone it but will u denounce the burning of the black church in Mississippi last night in the name of "Trump"?
Must find exactly who those criminals really are.
You make me physically ill. I'm ashamed to be the same species as you.
Cavuto reported now illegal counting(canvassing) in democratic Florida's Broward county.
Hmmm. An angry, poorly educated, white guy with a Confederate Flag.   Sounds like a member of the Trump voting class.
go and rebuild that church in Mississippi your minions torched. http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/02/us/mississippi-black-church-vandalized-vote-trump/ …
who is this Donald trump guy?
We need to hear some of your ideas to help the working women of this country. They want equal pay and so do I. Trump/Pence
I DOUBLE DOG DARE YOU TO POST YOUR TAX RETURNS! We all want to see them, believe me, tremendously! ! !
My Son and a friend of mine are on two different police forces. #ThinBlueLine
but when people attack blacks it's no big deal...
Our country needs leadership
TRUMP is fit to be president Not responsible for others actions. .
Vote for TRUMP
a polite tweet. I guess you took your pill today.
No surprise the shooter was a rabid Trump supporter.
he supported you
two more!   No more
True!
Can't wait for you to be elected and bring back law, order, and accountability!
it will never end unless u win
,you are such a fake,you could care less abt those police officers,U know it's not in your vocabulary,somebody had U say it!

@uknewiwaskrazy guessing the shooter, with his history being what it is, he was a big trump supporter
BARELY can wait 2have U PRESIDENT of USA 2 STOP Lawlessness, SENT BACK "STONE AGE Refugees" STOP invasion &Corruption etc.
no you're not stop lying
and I could bet money that was one of your supporters! Instilling hate is not good. You'll pay for that. It's called Karma
one of your supporters, Donnie. Happy now?
Pray for the Iowa police and families also! Amen...
when your sick supporter kill cops u r praying other accident u blame @POTUS  handicap with hate-rate Delete u r self 
#trumpclowncar
but not a word about the black church that was burned and vandalized with your name?
Nothing to say about the Lowlife that committed this crime? Of course not. You wouldn't want to offend your supporters. Ass!!
I pray comfort for the families - such needless violence.  Make America Safe Again!
like you care
THANK YOU MR TRUMP. I am from Iowa, at this point and time we need all the PRAYERS that we can receive. BLUE LIVES MATTER
#Trump Inspiring hatred caused the murder of those Officers in #Iowa Scott Michael Greene home in #Urbandale Donald fan  @realDonaldTrump
You don't pray.
Isn't this what Michelle Obama said in a speech last week? #plagiarizedagain
You have mainstreamed hate n violence. This on YOUR head.
Intelligent, non-biased, equality loving patriots are #unitedBlue
Your supporter murdered those 2 officers, Don. Proud of him? #ImWithHer #trumptrainwreck #TrumpToast

You filth
Ffs can't you also pray for the church in Greenville?  Walking and chewing gum at the same time is too much for America
Yet you support violence against Hillary Clinton. Dope.

https://www.yahoo.com/news/u-militia-girds-trouble-presidential-election-nears-102009970.html … WHO are these Trump supporters?
absolutely. Also praying somebody removes the sign the cop killer proudly displayed on his lawn.
Looks like you lost another voter #DopeyDonald: http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/suspect-caught-ambush-style-shootings-2-des-moines-area-officers-n676681 … #GOP @GOP #TotallyFuckingBatshitCrazyRacistMoron
White guy did it, so much for your theory about Muslims and Mexicans #donthecon WRONG!!!

He was a deplorable right?
He was a supporter of your hatefulness. Goo job, Trump for bringing out the best in America.
He was probably one of your supporters since he was waiving a Confederate flag at a football game two weeks ago.
thats what i lyk about u putting God first, nothing goes wrong to those who believes just make america great again
CHOSE HOPE VOTE FOR HILLARY CLINTON @HillaryClinton
@Martyrdoomed Did the President  say anything?
@BorisEP make AfroAmericans great again. MalcolmX started the OAAU & we can Nov surprise endores you.Dems policies hurt us
what to do with those psycho white cop killers?  Ship 'em back to Europe?
God covers his ears with his right hand when you pray. So stop praying. God does not listen to you!!! Evil guy!!
vote Hilliary for gun control. Because guns kill people. Not people.
thank you for prayers offered. The police seem to be an endangered species.
Surprised your actually talking about this considering it was a white dude who did it
Ambushed by a Trump guy, no less.
Racist & violent Donald Trump's racist supporter Scott Greene kills 2 policemen. Donald is not making noises about it. Why?
Because he was a white guy that supports him. Trump used samevtactics as Hitler to win power. Like research how hitler came to power. Scary
they were ambushed and killed by one of your supporters. Are you happy yet ?
thank you for your prayers for the blue family!!
I will vote to help him win. Clinton has run a horrible life. And anyone that stands up for her. Needs to be put in away.
"CIA sir must under  USA president supervision,not independent body.Operatives involved in billion dollar-drug trafficking"
Wonder how they feel knowing it was one of your cult that's killed the officers.
you don't pray do you Mr. F#*kface Von Clownstick?
@LeahR77 #DonaldTrump you don't care #Russia will give U #home with your whole #family but #God not even #hell U #shameless
Yuk, Is it true? R u truly a parasite on society?  I thought u were SO RICH! 
Release ur tax returns to voters now. 
#trump
Wow!  Even when the attack comes from one of your Zombies?  How about the war they threaten when you LOSE?
then why do you invite hate
