Lies.
By empowering women, are we talking about that time you raped a 13 year old girl? :)
lies nothing but lies #BigLeagueTruth
... if empowering is the same as assaulting, degrading, and offending, then sure.
so you try to get a woman fired after she turns you down and gets knocked up by her boyfriend.! Vindictive and petty you..
Trump has apologized fully for his WORDS meanwhile the Clintons have still not for their ACTIONS
it's been years and there's no apology, no accountability for the raping of these women or threatening them
The good women of America know you're just sleaze. Don't even talk to us. Tell it to the skins heads and red necks.
Only if they let you grope them first...
you have called several women pigs, and joked about sexual assault. Yup, empowering is the word I would use for it.
#PredatorInChief
Unless they refuse Trump's Sexual Advances or are too fat or are not pretty enough...have you looked in the mirror lately?
He assaulted more than he empowered. #PervertDon
If you empowered them, then they must have allowed you to grope them too...  Has to be something ugly in it for you.
grab em!
@Trump4Hope you will win,we love you and will come out in masses to vote,Hillary supporters are all talk and wont all vote
You have got to be kidding me.  You do not know what respect is when it comes to women.
Trump in 1998: Bill Clinton is a ‘victim’ http://on.msnbc.com/1VgQJkT  via @msnbc
Did you have a brain tumor for breakfast?
have you read the book out in her. Need to name the book and tell people to read it
you don't empower women please stop with that bullshit, you say the craziest things out of your mouth about women.
Didn't you pay Ivana to retract her rape report?
tic tac grab em by the pussy treatment way to go matey
Does that fall somewhere between grabbing their crotch and telling them they look good on their knees?
Empowering how? By saying you want to grab pussy, or that pregnancy is inconvenient? Or as pawns for your sexual assaults?

Paid to attend. Despicable stunt. 4 ALL Involved. ALL! But at least they got paid.

Amen!!Stick to your issues, stay steady, calm and bury Hillary n trolls! We The People!
And degrading women. YOUR OWN daughter being one of them.What father brags to another man about his daughter's breasts?
come on Donald you know you just want to grab it! Empower my butt!
she is empowering nobody, but herself, that is what she does!! Too bad too sad!!
but only if they are attractive. Isn't that what you said in your book?
You said some things 11 years ago and people criticize. 50 shades of grey sold 80 million copies. Hypocrites everywhere

Except when you're grabbing their pussy, right?


If only, Lady Liberty... 
empowering? oh you mean sexualizing
is  othing compared to his history of sexually assaulting them and denigrating them

On what planet?
If there's a real star nearby, would it be cool if he grabbed Ivanka by the pussy? Why or why not?

hahaha
Yeah, right.
@WERStanford anyone with half a brain can see you are not sexist or racist they want to distract from her felonies
This has to be a joke right? You're a chauvenistic dinosaur. Go back to the Jurassic age.
Push this hard. People need reminders.
by empowering, do you mean grabbing them by the p*ssy?
before or after you grabbed them by the pussy?
You have put Melania in the same position as Bill put Hillary. Melania should vote for her. We need strong women!
@USA1stAlways Boom you kicked it! Now Jobs,Jobs,Economy,Syrian vetting/Energy from US Security Vets/Inner cities need educa
History of groping them ?
I have to delete you NOW FROM MY ACCOUNT You WILL NEVER BE PRESIDENT
history of assaulting women.  Verbally and physically.
I don't think empowering means what you think it means...
@KellyannePolls @EricTrump @IvankaTrump You must say this DURING the debates! One more left.
These women? What about the children you're about to go to trial for violently raping? http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/05/15/us/politics/donald-trump-women.html …
We see it in your daughters, wives, and female employees.
But how good do they look on their knees?
Hahahahahahah
#youreadouche
@kimseacret3  #debatenight
--best
With a kiss  and grabbing them regardless if they are married? Please is this Ivanka best tweeting this for you??
.@realDonaldTrump
EXCELLENT!!! You are the BEST!!!  Our HERO!!!
i have never met you or worked for you and i have never feLt so empowered or so patriotic, thank you !!
By keeping them at home caring for children and avoiding giving them "negotiable assets" #Ivana
Great #debate #PresidentTrump. You won. The crowd loves you! Win the #crowd, you win the #election. #Godbless & be safe!
Empowering them AND psychologically damaging them at the same time is an abuser's trick!
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-trumps-history-of-empowering-women …
my self and lots my lady friends will all vote @realDonaldTrump
Empowering them to scream rape and run for their lives.
What, a career choice, cool.
here is #orangehitler arriving at the debate.  He has a kellyanne leash on.
Trump has more respect for woman than Hillary and Bill Clinton put together. The Clintons r a woman's worst enemy
.@realDonaldTrump @veganvecoh Mr. Trump, you knocked it out of the park. Powerful debate performance!!  I'm so proud to support you.
Great job!!!  God has answered prayers. "The Truth will set you free".
@veganvecoh
Hilary is so jealous of Donalds success. Donald never raped a woman.
how many women have the Clintons hired and promoted?
if the Berlin wall came down so van Hillary bring the proof out
LOL
Flies are attracted to bullshit.
agree ~ look who is on staff in businesses he's created
lol. Stop. You're killing me.
#empowerwomendontrapethem
Donald always takes care of Donald. Drump only cares for Drumpf.
CROOKED HRC 30YRS ON TAXPAYERS EXPENSE WILL LIE FOREVER
.@realDonaldTrump is more like #AbeLincoln than #CrookedHillary
is dissolved by describing sexual assault & your ability to do whatever you want because you are a star #JohnsonWeld2016
Donald Trump is a sexist pig.
what's up with the sniffling again? Sounds like you're doing cocaine. Just saying...
@Cernovich How many of those refugees are christian?
#HillarysHoaxes
Addison of Hitler's history of empowering the Jews: 'Mein Kampf'
@dsimons90 "empowering"
bravo Donald
Liar!!
She goes to Canada when the SHTF..it's all planned out
Hillary vision is 1 world order under her regieme
#McMullin2016 !!!!
#bullshit
@sme4201968 Go Trump!!!!
Good job Trump!
AC is tough on Trump, and soft on Crooked Hillari
pahahaha what a good fictional story
answer the question
blow your nose you faggot
we need competition in Healthcare!
Obama and Clinton already screwed up the health lawsuit
Pence for President.
shame on you
#Trump actually pays women for the good job they do #debates
mr sniffles is driving me nuts. Imagine 4 years of that
You are a threat to women. Not a champion for us. Stop trying to gaslight. It's insulting and doesn't further your cause.
there shouldn't even be a need to make this. you should not be in a position where you need to prove that you respect wmen
- Don the Con still has no plan
f u 
yep, sexually assaulting them is empowerment for you.
#donaldtrump#sexually  assaulting women - let's get them all lined up like Cosby
unfortunate? No it shows you're just an absolute dirtbag!
your losing bigly!
sniff
ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS. 2016
and we are penalized not having health insurance, that is how numbers are up for people covered with bad insurance
AC is so 1 sided...pathetic
can u plz tell me what u are going to do for our country! I'm so done hearing u go after Hilary it's getting old. Argh!!!
Well, every time you talk off point and engage in libel, I want to vomit.

actually my wife was declined health insurance numerous times because her pre-existing condition Lupus.
is a parasite!
ur killing it!
forced unaffordable health no care. Fuck that.
marry them cheating and finding a younger one, nope that isn't empowering
delete your account
more like power like how you raped Katie Johnson.
fat check
please sit down!
LMAO, Trump is already falling apart. What a giant windbag of a baby.
Donald  you are the Men! You are winning  already  tonight..Hillary face is getting so red  hahaha ...Cubans loves you...
america love you trump !
we believe in u...no matter what happens.
REMAIN CALM DONALD!!!!!!!
Donalds diverting?!!! Ha!
Hillary ' response. It's not true. Laughable
Put that Bitch in jail!!! Who else seen that Fly land on her head at about 9:19pm??????????????????????????????????????????
Trump is killing it!
lies!!!! #pussy #racist #sexist
having female employees doesn't give you free reign to grab pussy, pop tic tacs, or call us names
you are doing so good far please keep going the same way please

you were accused of rape by Ivana that she testified under oath to
SAY THE PEOPLE DON'T TRUST HER!
WE TRUST TRUMP!!
. Lies lies lies lies
Dopey @realDonaldTrump probably didn't write this, only a 1% chance that it was him! Weak!
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-trumps-history-of-empowering-women …
You are doing great. PLEASE keep doing what you are doing. DO NOT stop. And stay in the race  - DO NOT DROP OUT
Black Women Voters Matter
what history???all I've seen is his blatant disrespect for everyone
