You get an F for the final debate, I am sad to say.
unemployment results don't show how horrible our economy is because so many ppl have left the workforce or are parttime
If problems medical problems, might be livable than Japan
Obama doubled the national debt. The biggest loser to date with our countrys money. Hardly worth any praise!
@LisaTLemoine2 Sir, we need you to get our country working again. It's a mess!!!
Working & Educated!
The IQ levels of our country is so very sad to witness.
I love Trump tweets. When he is president I hope he continues!
HAHAHA !

Marco wants a Dem to replace him?
EMAIL: Huma says @HillaryClinton 'still not perfect in her head' #CorruptHillary @realDonaldTrump
the economy Republican plans destroyed? At least we started coming back...
Nothing Was said to help the poor ppl
because CONGRESS blocks everything. The most DO NOTHING Congress in history. The REPUBLICAN CONGRESS. #debatenight
Congress - accessories in Act's of Treason & Espionage by not Impeaching Holder, Obama & Hillary.
after a near depression in a mature western economy??  Give me a fucking break!
Hillary fears you, Mr. Trump. She is shrieking and angry. Your toughness is legendary
Hi Girls!!

FREE RIDER OBAMA
Who gives a crap about emails
Hillary Clinton is without doubt the ONLY!capable candidate for president
Neither of them are. How did they end up with no credible choices?
give credit where credit is due
WTF

AN F IN HILLARYS WORLD WOULD BE AN A
What about Obama Exe.Ord NO FLAG PLEDGE IN SCHOOLS
you have not paid your own contractors in Atlantic City. You are a terrible terrible fraud
#checkyourstats  #youredelusional
@nanasmith62 Baltimore, Camden, high poverty, no one working, crime is high, Press Conferences to show this please.
where do you get your data?
FYI  @BarackObama enjoys 57% approval & would easily beat you if he could run! @HillaryClinton will be President
Ironically, 8 yrs of Bush made it deeper than the great depression. So, @BarackObama  had 2 work harder 2 get us out of it.
: Excellent! @POTUS deserves all the kudos for the recovery! Thanks Obama! 

#NeverEnoughTicTacs to stop the trump stench.
PROOF
@TeamTrumpAZ A for Awful maybe
@twitchyouttoday She is a racist giving grades based on color.
maybe they are following in the footsteps of todays kids playing sports as long as you show up you get a trophy- pure BS!
@CJSensible They work together all of a suddenHe wants2protect his legacy)She'll repeat his lies;lying natural4her&him
it still is a recovery
GOOD JOB, DON. YOU DID IT!
THAT IS CLEARLY BECAUSE SHE IS A CLUELESS LYING "A" HOLE!
Obama and @HillaryClinton are out of touch, where Trump has brought the People's needs to everyone's attention!
Obama can't blame Bush after 8 YEARS of his own bad budget management! Obama made it WORSE!
hrc !
@debfinley46 translation Donald Trump should actually be worth millions right now
SHES WEAK AND SO IS THE PATHETIC @POTUS
she is a lying asshat !!!
your right we never been worse
well you are even more crooked donald trump and much wurrse donald trump richard
#saveBaloch #freeBalochistan #terrorstatepakistan
you should've paid your fair share in taxes
: our growth is better than anywhere else in the world!We also have a Republican Congress!!
again the greatrecession#
you would be the worse mistake in America history to ever if you became President! Huge, huge just ducking huge mistake!!
@P0TUSTrump what was wrong with hillarys watery eyes?  Sinus I guesd
grow up, Don.
Mr Trump great job 
Clinton total liar yes Obama Protecting her 
Comey Lynch Kerry liars corruption prison 
Voting Trump
you lose
poor dilutions Trump. You lost. The only question is by how much. Loser
THe US is $21 TRILLION dollars in debt ! o raised the debt TWICE what it was in 7+ years. Hill will do the same !
The Way I See It If You Want Business As Usual Vote Hillary Clinton Want Major Changes In This Country Vote Donald Trump
We have the smallest standing Army since WW2 fighting 2 different wars! #Trump2016 #TrumpWon
She gives it an "A" because she doesn't have to live in it like the rest of us.
75 months of economic expansion, lowest unemployment in 25 years, but #trump doesn't acknowledge this success? Stunning.

do your homework before opening your mouth. Obama's stimulus has worked

I was right this morning not fair and impartial
Lies
YOU ARE NEW AGE HITLER
YOU ARE NOT FOR THE PPL YOU ONLY FOR PUT MONEY IN YOUR POCKET
People are stupid enough to think you're a viable candidate, of course they'll think the economy is poor. Uneducated voters
release your tax returns
why want you release your tax returns
Clinton Foundation helps very little people must money is spent on the administrative costs.  Do research
you want to take tax payers money to run your business
#debate more blah blah from @HillaryClinton same shit different day. Lies and more lies. @realDonaldTrump for president.
wow the orange toddler can tweet during debate.
PLZ STOP RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT
She meant her recovery. Made millions as SOS
She loves monkey!? Even she supports 9/11 intelectual actor; Barrack Saddam Hussein Osama!?
NEVER the steel from China, clothes made in china daughters clothing and accessories from China. HILLARY FOR PRESIDENT.
she says we when bill was president not her.she gives weapons to countries who payfor it
bs

I think it's pretty good considering what we were in when Obama went into office
she didn't answer the question about BILL and his sexual scandals . SHE DIDN'T ANSWER!!

there is NO comparison.  
President Clinton won the #debatenight
why u tweetin during the debate bro
Better than what any Republican has done.
This hilarious manipulator !!! #HillaryGetOut
you'd bankrupt America
Obama has thrown vapers under the bus Mr Trump and this angers me 

You should be the next President and would be great
at least he recovered!! Last time GOP was in power they went backwards when times were good.
the worst recession since wall
why didn't Obama bail out the American people instead of the banks that created the housing crisis?
so if they are not to your expectations you don't have a right to voice an opinion and tell it like it is!
It may be slower but it's a hell of a lot better than it was.  What are you going to do? Maybe manufacture your goods here?
stock market doubled under Obama! #losertrump
here we go agin with the same 10 taking points she has always used. Not to #ROBOTIC_Hillary #debatenight
that's what perpetrators say
those were distracting from the important issues that the created during last 8 years
@BrandiPontiff @Sc000terman
wikileaks: in a speech to G.E. exec. HRC said one of the best ways to grow the economy is with MORE food stamps.
all Americans will lose. No matter who is prez. Financial bubble will have to burst
That's like praising your kid for cleaning his room by sweeping all the trash under the bed
too bad #Trump got CLOBBERED on Chinese steel and "shipping #American jobs overseas"! #debate #debatenight
bills repeal of glass steagall act Chinagate and uranium one
Professional politician! Lmao
please....
She does not know what planet she lives on.
Here kitty. Here kitty. I just want to reach out & grab you. Is there a tic tac in the house.
women's rights my arse. Take foreign money and let them mistreat women and gays. LIAR
There is no such thing as a GOP recovery. They take us down, Democrats bring us back. Slow recovery = no inflation.
haha, that is really funny!
slowest growth is not negative growth as it was before 2009
. Bring up bengonzi
why have they waited so long??
Trump gives himself an "A" for p**** grabbing against a woman's will and for being a star. Congrats fatso!
@HillaryClinton Ask @geraldcelente about the global economy if you want real insight and the truth. #PonziNomics
That's why she hates small people.
rapist!!!!!
He didn't have bankruptcies like you.
if I had your dads money and put it in index funds I'd be worth more than you today
again start loafing when she knows is evidence
Well it certainly wasn't your tax dollars that helped the US out
Latina for Trump.
how are you going  to make the economy better by raising the minimum wage unless you raise the same amount to all sr. On ss
she was broke, how did she get rich...pay to play, money from foreign countries
Obama was handed a recession. Turned it around for America. #youreabigleaguereject
No he supported her here is the video https://youtu.be/PpXsAoXZIMg 
60% of Americans think the earth is only 6,000 years old, so... Maybe Americans don't know shit.

#debates
finally someone called #CrookedHillary out on her lies
hence the phrase #dumbblonde .
I give an "F" to the economy.  I'm a small business owner.  I have never experienced a worse environment for small business
and he's STILL tweeting??  Oh, yes!!  Go Mrs. Secretary!!  He's bloating his ego, AGAIN!!
are u tweeting while debating?  That would explain so much.
Where was @HillaryClinton on the night our embassy in Libya was attacked.
Beat Hillary and win the election. Cut taxes, GO Trump-Pence
Hillary did you still six billion dollars? As the Secretary of State you have done a terrible job
Drop out of the race. #debatenight
you said it,SHE HAS BAD EXPERIENCE!!!  UNTRUSTWORTHY Experience!!!!
You can tell Hillary is lying when she opens her mouth.
your getting a old fashioned beat down Don Don time to go find the rock and hide..
What did Hillary do for the State of New York when she was US Senator...........NOTHING....No job growth!
you, sir, live in fantasy land. Know the facts and cite your facts.
# CrookedHillary says you used Chinese steel for your hotel. I would say to her because there is no American steel industry
Worst President ever
what has @HillaryClinton done for this country?!? I have nothing good to say about that!
#facts
Rapist trump will not be around long.
#crookedhillary said I want do do what Obuma did but not what he did.
how many people lost jobs working for you? Chronic bankruptcy??
#kneel and chock srumphf is a slave driver.
you are an asshole! Shut the tuck up and comb your hair !
He deserves an A- @POTUS delivered on economy despite you're not paying taxes.
how are you buying steel from China when is illegal to do so.  You are dishonest!!!
. @DandelionDollar @realDonaldTrump the economy is super! Everyone's on foodstamps for fun and out of the workforce for R&R #bigleaguetruth
the supreme Court should not be putting their own opinions in their rulings. They should be upholding the Constitution only
#DopeyDonald gives Putin an "A" for bailing him out: http://time.com/4433880/donald-trump-ties-to-russia/ … #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 #GOP @GOP
Trump says "I Don't know the Right thing 2 Do and it's Hillary's fault"
GO TRUMP DONT LET UP.
I haven't seen anything good in the economy
this woman is cheating I saw the TelePrompTer with words on it via camera pan behind her Mr Trumps podium doesn't have this
