@vivelafra Where in hell is the FBI on all these new crimes and evidence of crimes!
And there's already enough evidence to send @realDonaldTrump to court for "RAPING" a 13-YEAR-OLD GIRL! He's so sick!
Please Bean. serious election.Tweeting or retweeting made up junk won't get you ANY followers.
While THOUSANDS of people from around the WORLD have declared @realDonaldTrump unfit to be POTUS, so have the GOP
U will think I'm full of sh-T. But, I'm actually a veteran that worked with nuclear missiles! LOL
"IF" you are a Veteran than how can you vote for @realDonaldTrump after his ATTACKS on Muslims & Gold Star Families?
I'm not Trump defender, LOTS out of context or exaggerated Media Lies. Hillary will destroy Am.
> @realDonaldTrump is so unhinged & thin-skinned that if he makes it into the WH we will have WWIII in under 6 months
@d2turner11  I Retweeted this 5 day's ago.  It's been untweeted.
@lovingmykids65 @realDonaldTrump @d2turner11 They do this to us all the time...not a coincedence its constant
it's quite nauseating
She is wholly corrupt, dubious and Marxist.
As a teacher, I can say that usually if they have cheated & got answers they win. She could't beat you with the answers sad
Nice try trying to divert attention from Russia's hacking 
Now let's talk about your Trump University payoff
Crooked Trump
@realDonaldTrump
B/c she is a cheater on all levels.
Doing really well in the polls?
anything is possible with the media today they inject themselves and make up lies every second
if you drop out now you didnt technically lose! And you're a winner Don!
Always bring a gun to a knife fight... #whiner
#hey toots,  she didn't need help, Don't kid yourself,  you have the attention span of a gnat and it shows!!!
So he is admitting defeat @TheRickWilson
Tell the truth about your fake TV reality show. Only losers believed it was reality. @realDonaldTrump Maybe you'll win a Gold Bullshit Medal
did you hear the whisper during one of her answers! Everyone was talking about it!
BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T BRING IT UP. God, missed so many chances to bury her last night. 
are you talking about last night? How do you know?
She actually knows about the world. Spoiled whining children like you can't understand. #dumptrumpy #trumpamericasputin
Where are you getting this from? And I thought you won. Now the debate was rigged? Seriously Trumpies, how do you keep up?


Because she is a Vile #NastyWoman #Corrupt #Liar has never met #Morals #Ethic #Integrity #Decency #Honesty
. She is crooked with everything..
c h i l l  m y  d u
great job last night. You got the Dems scrambling to cover Hillary's ass!  Keep it going!
Indeed 
the freaks in the media are trying to stop Hillary's bleeding. It amazes me how much the freaks are so delusional!
prove it. #conspiracy
in fact it seemed to me she was reading during the debate! She knows one more than the devil!!!
Hillary for president. If you do not respond to this tweet I tactically see that you also support Hillary.
oh, word?
Hillary is only forthcoming with lies. She is not the best woman for the job. We have to face it, Hillary is 100% crooked.
Hasn't Kellyanne warned you about drunk tweeting?
anyone with half a brain knows she was NOT given the questions for the 3 debates you lost. It was a CNN town hall w/o you
drop out

That picture is a lovely tribute to Obama. You must be a fan!
you are so childish and irresponsible
give it a brwak
grasping at straws! Bye bye Cheeto
Donald, Mr. Trump, great admirer. Please read my account of why you'll win in @esquire. #MAGA  http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/news/a49726/donald-trump-book-advice/ … @realDonaldTrump
That's a really great piece. Well said!
Thank you. Mr Trump I think will agree. We need him at this time in our country to read my article @AngeMaryClaire @esquire @realDonaldTrump
Agreed. Donald, you should really read this amazing piece by a huge supporter. He will donate!
.@HilaryClinton reads like a cheap comic book Her answer we're on time no hesitation She had the questions & the Answers
moron
oh fuck off you stupid cretin. Take your asinine conspiracy theories and shove them up your pandering ass.
Read her emails dumb ass there's nothing worse than an uninformed idiot who wants to say anything She said Dem R gullible She right
@NaphiSoc @realDonaldTrump quit pretending
good loss boss!
face it Hillary lost again and will lose Nov 8th. Only a ignorant person would vote for crooked hillary
thanks for your service. You're "WRONG!"
was a honor to serve and thank you. Educate yourself on issues. Hillary just another 4 more years of obama
 why thank you for having a convenient list of the corrupt media!
A never ending supply of conspiracy theories has to be pretty convenient.
how can it be conspiracy theory when there is PROOF?
He is losing. You know it, I know it, and the world knows it.
nope he is not! Sorry! If you can't see that he has more views, likes and rallies

.@realDonaldTrump You are literally such a whinging pussy I'm surprised you haven't grabbed yourself yet.
I am sure he has!
ARRGH NO MENTAL IMAGES!
It's a national joke. Everyone laughs at how little @realDonaldTrump has to grab....
what a joke of a man Obama became. All laughs and jokes while the US suffers.
Yeah, right ;-)
Cries he's victim of corrupt political org tht dsn't play fair—But he can defeat corrupt terrorist org tht dsn't play fair?
exactly!!!!!
It must be super hard to accept that a woman can beat you on her own merits. Better luck next time.
she does not need to cheat to beat your ass
Didn't happen though, did it?
: #DonaldTrump's election rigging comment is vile and poisonous. Politically he's even worse than Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe.
your English education has not done you much good. You may be book smart but lack vision and common sense.
At some point, I think you just need to man up and take responsibility for your own performance.
That's what leaders do.
it takes a #BadHombre to know one. #Debate @realDonaldTrump
he's got the majority vote. Keep lying to yourself. Nobody believes you.
do you have any data to substantiate this?
look at independent polls. Stop supporting a crook and read the PODESTA emails from Wikileaks. There's your proof
an non-scientific poll of 190 ppl? How about this from unbiased @538politics:
"scientific" polls??  look at social media. Who has more followers on ALL? Look at the rally's. Who has more? Thought so. 
good for him! Too bad neither translates to votes.
too bad HILLARY will steal them. What about the 4 million dead voters voting for Hillary?  wake up.
Seriously does his even surprise you its one scandal after the next. And she's always innocent. Beyond Infuriating
four star general in jail she walks away from it all god
It's disgusting and pathetically corrupt 
I hope to god we don't get four years of her or God forbid 8 years.
I agree.!!We are so screwed if this happens.
I'm moving to a warm island if crooked gets in office
how the truth always comes out in end. All her lies will bite her in ass now
Thank you God. It was such a no brainer in the beginning So infuriating to the average American that she was above the law 
You do know the moderator who write the questions is from Fox, right?
how can anyone that is as paranoid as trump is be trusted running this country & have access to the red button? #Debate
shes slowly going down on the news. It freaks me out when people like her.
Voting for you and im female
Dont vote for femsm
or maybe she is just intelligent and prepared, unlike you.
check the video the monitor clearly said he was the only one with the questions #bookreport #trumpfairytails
@LIVE_COVERAGE oh god shut up PLEASE.  STICK TO BUSINESS AND REAL ESTATE NOT USA POLITICS.  #OneChicagoDay THANKYOU

puppet!
nitwit if you had the Q&A you'd still lose! Little hand wicked man
great policy speech in Delaware Ohio. The last summary you provided needs to be an AD in all swing states.
trump is not fit to represent America. He is can not articulate his position and is an embrassment to America.
Beware of this list of people bring back God in this country he has chosen you for this in your life
ya right a  Republican mediator giving up the questions. You go Donald!
Can you please source this?! How did she get the questions and from who?! If it's true, source! From a credible one too!
= morally bankrupt, narcissistic, sociopath, sexist, racist embarrassment. 
Trump supporters = blind enablers. #nevertrump
Show us...blah blah.  Give us policy details, no giving your class tax cuts. BTW, where are those tax returns Donnie?
it is proper to receive debate question prior for each debate.  If you didn't I would complain you were rigged

says who???????
Dont worry you will win the race.
Should be expected since we now know Hillary was given questions  in advance of prior debates.
...she wasn't.  the moderator works for a REPUBLICAN-supporting network, and you still lost, think about that.
face it dude you lost the debate.
Uh! maybe it was not on her monitor to say that. She looked down the whole time at what looked like a monitor
and she still cannot win by cheating, collusion, bribery, graft, pay2play
wrong
@KGforTrump "you're the puppet was great
Hey, P-grabber, where's your proof? #TrumpLies #TrumpIsOver
I have a plan which can make U and Americans WIN..
Ever wonder why nobody likes you, nobody does little favors like that for you? It's because you're a tiny..handed..d-bag.
people are afraid if they cross her they will end up dead. Vince Foster?
Fill this out & return it to someone who cares
Keep whining, Don.
real men don't complain, they act.... Stop complaining and go down to work folk. U complain too much.
felons can't vote so don't listen to the polls
How do you know that?
bad hombres
I really don't believe that's a true statement.
why could be ask of her when her feet hit the floor every am
@LIVE_COVERAGE @billmaher  the conspiracy crap is old dude..#TangerineSnatchGrabber
Faux News licks Republican taint like its icecream. If you lost them to #MadamPresident, you truly are a doofus.
Not only was she given questions, she was reading answers. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pf2PCYSCogk … Must see,starts at :40. #VoteTrump #MAGA
she's almost done
even if you received questions in advance you wouldnt prepare to answer them. your guy ailes left u bcawz you dont listen!
bwhahahahahaha so delusional.lmao
wow
you whine so much
you are really a sick person and I so hope your family will get you the help you need!
WED: Hillary humiliates Trump at debate by saying he claims everything is rigged.
THURS: Trump claims debate is rigged.
Did you finally recall that team of lawyers you sent to Hawaii to investigate the birth cert? Is that who discovered this?
Crooked Hillary?  Are you in 3rd or 4th grade?
you're pathetic!! @HillaryClinton wiped the floor with you! chris said at the very beginning no one saw the questions!
She was prepared for any question, you weren't. Don't blame your INCOMPETENCE on anyone else.
is such a dingus it's no longer entertaining. This has moved to the realm of pathetic. Can't wait to vote against you.
why won't you stop acting like a toddler and start accepting that you simply lost to a better candidate.
https://www.chloeandisabel.com/boutique/brittanycleveland …
... No one brought up that Hillary sold our US uranium to the Russians and filtered the money through Clinton's Foundation?

Whiny Loser Donald. Any Excuse Will Do To Explain Why You ALWAYS Lose.
You lost Orangeman, just deal with it like a grown man! Where're your TAX RETURNS? What are you hiding? #NeverTrump Never!
proof?
You write checks your facts can't support. Just like your businesses.
because she us so very CROOKED!!!
WHAT
because it didn't happen. Fox News has promoted you all year, you expect anyone to believe this? #hannityblowjob
with the deck stacked against us, you are still doing great, Donna Brasile should be investigated and canned, REAL DISGRACE
You just can't lose gracefully why not blame Billy Bush he is the only one to get in trouble for your foul mouth
She's magical, you neanderthal. What else could it be? Preparation! Relevance! Dance for us, puppet! Dancing Donny.
You Are Such A Baby!!  Sorry, babies
@BusterJamey why didn't trump use AMERICAN STEEL #terribleTOWELS You were waving them in #Pitt right? You are a fraud
Your whining has become laughable.
CRYBABY
I'm really surprised that it appears that nobody picked upthat Hillary in her dinner speech referred to Obama as a Muslim.
you sir really are delusional? #nevertrump
You had plenty of opportunities to bring it up, Don.
Stop whining and lying you 2-year-old. You got any proof to back up your claims? Doubtful. Believe me.

do you really expect any truth to pass her lips...impossible a pathological lier can't stop lying
Wow, you are sounding more and more desperate by the tweet.

Don't worry, the entire country understands why.
FOX announced the topics. She does her homework. You didn't study. For pity's sake I could have done better than you.
Trump wins BIG LEAGUE
@GeorgeTakei  WHAT!!! You didnt get them? I got a copy of them 3 days before the debate.  Whinner!!!##
I was disappointed you should have brought it up more like she's being a menace to Catholics.
@Trump_World why? Because she is crooked Hillary
trump is the next Hitler
...It was so obvious she was scripted like the puppet she is.  I even caught her singing her scripted shtick. You were real
She AGAIN doesn't answer they questions given to her. She looks like a Robot. Questions on her husband.
loser
lyin trumpalump.
bc shes a liar, cheater, thief, not fit to lead a dog on a leach much less our whole country, god willing u WILL BE POTUS!
It seems fairly obvious when you see the "I got this" across her face before the question is half complete.
which debate?
YOU liar! You know she wasn't given questions pre-debate! YOU lie! YOU blame, you whine, you R insane! You suck at debates!
So because @HillaryClinton studied and knew more than you, @ChrisWallace101 rigged the debate by giving her the questions?
stop whining dude
because she didn't. She just knows how to answer questions, unlike you.
@CathieMarie2014 there is no honesty in hex. Americans will be so happy when the SWAMP IS DRAINED!! Go Trump!!!
hilry, billy, lynch, comey, all should be held accountable by law. Will no one bring charges against them?
ahahahahahahahahahshahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahpreparation
Paranoia suits you…
there you go again.feeling lost #liartRump
Any candidate with a walnut for brain would expect that question. But Donny doesn't have2 neurons firing&lost all 3 deb8s
