@AsapFergus can you pls stop !!! everyone would vote for obama so pls stop
that's a lie
sorry but obama received more votes than every presidential candidate ever...
so that means everyone would vote for him?
when i said everyone i didn't meant every person in america lol use your mind
stick to being a Stan politics is not your forte
Obama would of won in a landslide
Trump is a lyingpussygrabbingrapist 
Without the intervention of the director of the F.B.I and the supposed intervention of the Russians to harm hillary Clinton
Clinton would
Obama  was the worst President, you can be the Best.
Well here we are about 10 months into this nightmare called tRUMP and look what we have... he's so jealous of Obama he has put all of America in harms way, he has made a fool of himself every day, he has p'd off every ally we once had and Mueller is climbing up his azz!
@OBOZO #TheClownPrince of Presidents was #EmptySuit wearing #Zero for heroes #Do-Nothing #NotFit to lick the shoes of @PresidentTrump
Obama is a vindictive man. Watch it. 3 weeks left. What will O do next?
You mean Trump.or is the color of O skin what really makes your decision? I think your referring to the thinskinnedorangeman
@Dolly_World Obama should thank god that he didn't have to face @realDonaldTrump in elections. Else,had to face the greatest defeat & insult
Yo are so right my friend. G-d bless sand Happy New year.
a very happy new year to all of you, my friends, brothers and sisters. GB 
Win Trump Win!
Salt Lord 9000
Why even address this?  He's jerking your chain with this nonsense!  You do not have to address everything everyone says.
he would because the people like him more. That's why you couldn't even get the popular vote.

Huh? Isn't Obama giving you overtime tutoring? Lol
probably had win Mr Trump .. comparatively with hillary ha should have more chances..
Wish you would have ran in 2012! Obama would have been a one-term President. #MAGA
Way
these guys are crying cause you responded to Mr. dead legacy,  by responding to you...still hanging on Russian hack crap
Are you kidding you need to look at President Obamas 56% approval ratings then your 38% the tells the story
you are a small small man @KellyannePolls
haha re-run election: Obama VS Trump
I voted for you and would like my vote back.
Obama needs to learn to leave office with acceptance and the little dignity he can save.  Enough!
Are you really fighting people you didn't even run against now?! Dude, fucking grow up.
Mr Trump, forget past elections, forget Mrs Hillary and Obama&co. Remember that you are a Builder. Open new doors. All in y
such a sad, sad, sad man.
ole Barry just won't give it up... lol, poor guy.
He would've easily won against you, have you seen his approval rating vs yours?
You couldn't even win the popular vote to a woman that you hacked.
Let's see if you would win!

Who would you rather have as president
this poll is stupid most of your followers are democrats which would be bias
Yet it is on Trumps tweet so wouldn't it be fair since both sides can see?
obama a racist pig worst president ever and u followers are sheep very sad
Obama, you're fired. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Except he wasn't fired but, instead, won reelection rather easily and has an approval rating WAY higher than DJT.
Thats all bull.If it wasn't for the blacks ,Obama is garbage and voted  worst president ever.
Hmm, not sure where to begin.  How about this:  should opinions of blacks not count?
He's pointing out--correctly--that blacks vote en bloc for Democrats.  Is that "racist" to say?
You are putting words in his mouth.  That's not at all what he said and also not the point.
Reading these liberals whining about what coulda and shoulda been is a laugh. Hiliary coulda won if she had any integrity.
#fragile FRA-JEEE-LAY  ....  You must be Italian!
As a retired Police officer, served 35years, there is no way the present POTUS would have won or even came close THANK U
Obama is delusional, and we the people are behind you President Elect Trump and VPE Pence! God Bless you and the USA
So petty...And you lost by almost 3 million votes to Hillary. Do the country a favor and resign! Then America be GA
He would have destroyed you. You couldn't even beat HRC without help from Putin. #DelusionalDonna
Obama is nothing more than an imposter. Made the whole world more dangerous with his lead from behind policy. Trump wins.
You lost the popular vote by 3 million votes to an unpopular opponent. You might want to retract that tweet.
Dweeb azz Prez doesn't even realize that he 'was' actually running.
anything Obama says is irrelevant, just like his legacy.  Onward to a great America!
let's fuck ISIS together! we re with you reis!
.@realDonaldTrump Oh sweet boy, this defensive and whiny talk doesn't sound very Presidenty. You won! Who cares what anyone says, angel?
he doesn't care about u
have some respect he's still your President you arrogant cheeto
what's a cheeto?

no.
And thus proves the laziness and stupidity of those that voted for him.
the dumbasses were the ones who voted Hilliary
Not only would he win...but he would make you so mad that your tiny hands would be slamming the table with tears in your eyes.
Obama would loose. Donald Trump had taken practically all the counties Obama did in 2012
*lose
Grammatical corrections don't change that fact that you lost. You'll lose again in 2020.
You wait for me to tweet don't you are. Cherokee (if that is your real name)
(Yes, that's his real name.)
You didn't win the popular vote so you're technically a loser.
Obama didn't win the popular vote against Hillary... does that make him a loser?
Shhhhhh Mitch. Drive your Toyota elsewhere.
Of course you would shhh me, because I'm right. Libs don't like to hear a fair rebuttal.
Shhhhhhh
Okay Mr. Butt hurt
And that is all it takes for true colors to come out. Insulting me and calling me vicious names. Exactly.
You are President now. By God's grace. And we Real Americans love u!
But 3 million more people don't love you.
Yes,tell me the tale of LA County and I'll tell u about the 31 states who love him & 52% of the country that voted against her
It doesn't matter where voters live for the pop vote. Fact. More voted for HRC.
Trump won the popular vote & electoral votes in my state. Landslide here
And that's what matters. We hold FIFTY state elections, not ONE national.
That's one of the purposes of the EC. But, face it, DT did not win the popular vote and does not have a mandate.
Sorry Donny, he would have won by a landslide. You r a known bully, crook, moneygrubbibg
OK let me get this straight..You no longer care about the 24 million who need help under the ACA? Sad!
you make Obama look like a rockstar....
MUST READ!. Trump and his Russian connections EXPOSED!!! http://www.the-american-interest.com/2016/12/19/the-curious-world-of-donald-trumps-private-russian-connections/ …

 #PUTINGATE #TreasonousTrump @rosie
Traitor Trumpsucksafatone
Well you lost the popular vote to Clinton, soooooooo
That just shows how many fools we have who would've preferred a criminal and a traitor.
Good to see you addressing the big issues you fucking dolt.
.@Hayden_Otto I'm only addressing Trump on his own words. No brainwashing here. It's not like I'm making up what he's saying.
repeat 1st line to the tune of "Coming 'round the mountain" <You're an utterly delusional wankpump DonaldTrump/ You're..> :)
i was trying to figure out what the next to last line was, what rhymes with wankpump?
no thanks, just put one out!
but is trump a spankbump? 
... i guess it's a good news ticker bait.
"After the weather, we ask 'Is Trump a Spankbump?' ..."
Anybody but Hillary would've destroyed you. The Republicans were working on Hillary for 4 years.
HE'S FIRED!  Lol
Hey Donald show some class,restrain yourself from tweeting about every negative comment.
You would never have won a race against Obama because all you do is lie and exaggerate and you have no morals or manners
well, even Hillary beat you. Pretty sure Sanders would have buried you...no doubt Mr Obama would have!

to bad your not leaving with them, and he'd beat the pants off u
Obama is delusional. The man seriously needs professional help.
some people are wise.... Some are otherwise...
So true No way would we have 3 more years of that mess He can't leave fast enough for me
I guess you & Putin were not such good friends back in 2012
But you forget...he still has one of the highest approval ratings of any President upon departure from office.
never! I think that President Obama would lose by a little because there is a terrible thing called Obama care!
you are right Donald. The Russians would have made him lose as well. #hacked
he's delusional. Can't wait to see him go!  #TrumpSupport
President Obama would have beat you like a step child. You see what he did to those that came before you. #TrumpLeaks
no way would Obama have won against you. He is an arrogant jerk. So glad you won.
You are in that office to line your pockets.  Stop pretending you give a damn.
Obama won the electoral college and the popular vote...twice...something you'll never lay claim to, Herr Gropenfuhrer
I despise Obamacare. It was founded on lies, shoved down R throats, no bipartisanship and no one read the bill. Repeal!
yeah yeah, you say, "No way." You also say "Bigly."
@BarackObama if he was white, he would go down as the worst President of all time. Can't wait for Trump to take over.
you also said for 8 yrs no one said merry Christmas & I found a video of Obama doing nothing but that over the years! #LIES
He's just begging for respect, and trying to cause as much trouble for you as possible. Focus on USA and be the bigger man
no one wants Obama. Ill Smack him with the Constitution.
#LOL  Obama4ever
Make sure that child molester pence is right behind you! 2 birds-1 shot! That is how we make America Fantastic!
Oba ma is a 'nutty loser'. He has gone 'nuts'.
He is in LaLa Land He Couldn't Have Even Beat Hillary Clinton in An Election !
Hi there Mr President this not the time to bring out the Red Heifer! The  people need to be lead to the promise land.
the real fun hasn't even begun #jan21st
A man who makes decisions replacing a man who violated the process.  Let's AUDIT all on Welfare,  have churches do the job

You must understand, you would have lost. You have not walked one street in neighborhoods Obama has.
, Obama is setting the Country and the world on FIRE as he exits! He is a disgrace to America! His Legacy is so LOW,Michelle
U know how we resolve this? Let's say instead I took up Eric Nickerson's #March1992 offer 2 fly back 2 DC w/him & he'll
hahaha yes he would have won! Soooooo easily
We'll see how your 4 years plays out, and how "great" you make America with hate you promise to impose & + global tension.
he so would have won over you!#!
I voted for Obama twice and I still would have voted for you!
Even @SenSanders would have beaten you in the polls hands down, somehow the delegates chose Hilary. We'll see how u'll fare

just like Carrier even with a huge tax break you didn't save any jobs stop with the lies. That doesn't make America great.
Obama DEFINITELY WOULD HAVE ONE! ( Landslide!)
@POTUS leaves office most admired man in #America https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-fix/wp/2016/12/28/obama-beats-trump-where-it-will-sting-hes-the-most-admired-man-in-america/?client=safari …

for the first time in the last 8years I am once again proud of our president ...elect
Mr. President-Elect you are right! Pres. Obama is insane. He must be removed before he makes more problems for the USA.
He (our Muslim Pres) and Corrupt Hillary and the Democrats thought they now had enough illegal votes to put them in.
Only in his wildest dreams
yes he would of  !!
@lynnsweet now covers Pres Obama BUT Lynn knows I know my @BossDaley politics & I wud hv whipped Pres Obama's butt n d 2004
The more that he abuse this platform there's more chance that he will make a mistake w/c will give way to his impeachment.
who writes all this tweets for you??
YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE!!!!
How would you stop ISIS, Muh Precedent.

When has Ovomit ever told the truth?? lol He hasn't and saying he would win against YOU, was just another LIE....
congress and corporate america did that not obama
Obama supports another terror organization "YPG" to destroy ISIS?!This is not what a "super power" do!!Obama wants war!!
haha. That's why you waited till now to run huh?
just stop talking and leave our POTUS out of your imagined plights. Get to work, that's your job now.
I SAY HE IS EXTREMELY DELUSIONAL! NO ONE WANTED ANY MORE OF HIS BS AGENDA! HE IS A VAIN SOB!
Why do you waste yout time replying to these statements?
President Obama lives in different world, one that is a figment of his imagination/his wholly owned virtual reality game!
B. O. Wouldn't have stood a chance!!!   People are so done with his BS!!!
In 2012, you CHICKENED out and did not run . . . Why was that?
Two things you will never have to worry about - integrity and decency.
..O's wishful thinking.
if you get me sponsored, I would whoop the britches out of both of you!#tryme
Obama is one main reason Hillary lost! We'd be getting another 4 years of the same path:( No Thanks! #MAGA
What vision of the future is that ?
Thank you for historical inaugural speech and for bringing beautiful First Lady to America
...and tonight your Girls stole the show Mr 45th President 
jobs leaving have neither anything to do w/the pres.nor BOP. technology & wages are the drawmostly tech & robotics
