1/ Fake immigrant crisis, fake terrorism crisis, fake voter fraud, fake investigations, fake businessman candidate.
get some followers and then people will take you seriously
All you guys have some psychotic need for approval?
dude, whats wrong with spending one's own money without political motivation to positively change America ?
He is motivated by delusions of Imperial Rome style grandeur. He is disingenuous about everything he says.
Trump voters are like the middle class in S. Arabia who resent living in dead end sh. hole so blow stuff up.
agree - the ultra conservative  GOP ist out of touch. At least T recognizes it. H has too much bad baggage
T is a con artist playing his marks. He is ginning up same resentment like every would be dictator ever.
leave that baby alone
you wanna abort it in the 8th month or what
you seem mad? 
disappointed with your comment
aw my heart bleeds for you
kind of you
.@realDonaldTrump Why is an Old White guy.. Holding a Hispanics for Trump sign?
Hispanics can't have white hair, since when? Stop hating. #MAGA #HillaryForPrision
Hey Bot who's fake.  sup?
Not a bot and not fake. Trump will win and Hillary will go to prison
Fake.
Bite me. The only fake thing here is your check for supporting http://Hillary.Cash  it fast before she cancels it. #HillaryForPrision
your trump bot script got me.  You convinced me.  I'll vote trump. #MAGA
If you want to vote for more corruption that's your American right. We as long as Hillary doesn't get in she'll take that away to. #MAGA
Mr. Trump has shamed himself and his family. Destroyed his own business. What a self own! He is a joke! #VoteOrGrope
so r u and Hillary. Trump is not a lier and a thief unlike crooked Hillary
you can't even spell "liar" correctly
you'd better to some soul searching. The country is on the brink and we'd better unite and come together or I fear for our future
if you believe that then why do you support a president that is undeniably dividing the country?
Hillary
Donald Trump aka The Real Dr. Midas!!!!
3 million illegals voted so no she didn't
stop lying about our president orange one!
Hillary sucks
My home town, Tampa FL!! 
We're so glad we chose You!
http://ay.gy/1fOo4Q  new explosive WikiLeaks dump shows Hillary threatening FBI and more. Facebook blocking the post
Funny, Donald once has prostitute named WikiLeaks take dump on chest for the moneys. Tells to me she was a 10
i adore you

how cute little racist!
Wow, you must be one of those "evangelicals"
,@RealDonald4Pres  that you are with them. I feel bad for your supporters
the C's have been liars for years. We don't accept any more #MAGA
ننصحك بتعيين كلينتون رئيس حكومة اووزيريرة خارجية للنجاح وتوحيد الصف للشعب الامريكي مستر ترامب نحن نحترم صداقتنامع الشعب
Hello From FLORIDA
@IremTuncel YES they did come through
love this so sweet
Hey, #WorstParentEver @realDonaldTrump:
'member how you taught your kids to slaughter animals for fun?
Just like serial killers do?

#Evil
AAAAAAAH CIGUEÑA BADABI BADABAAA UAAAAAMMMMM  LION KING DETECTED
TRUMP has no class or dignity to be President.  He's a punchline not a president!!
bet he could buy and sell you!! Lol
yes...but not in 1995.  1 BILLION lost!  Not such a good year for the Orange One.
maybe Hillary can donate all her millions and really help people, what a lying piece of
Seething with ANGER!  Sounds like you are ready for Tuesday.
I'm truly hoping for a win , but who knows, your tweets r a little angry as well
We need a real Republican.
loved him, font u have some unflattering pic of Hillary
you cheated, until you thought of no other ways too cheat!
تم
thanks to wins Tramp
.@realDonaldTrump what about those tax returns? What are you hiding? #draintheswamp #maga
we don't care dude!
WOW, looks like the Clinton jealous is coming out!
Why are you even commenting on our election?
.Will com.
-I'm 60 years old & have NEVER cared about elections, till now. Thank you Donald Trump!!! We love you!!!!
how did the baby-sacrifice go? 

Lies makes old. Neil Turner only 14 the years:
The people there will soon call you Mr. President! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
they call you a lot of names already
congrats trump
I knew that you were going to win
is best.
great job go USA
No dream is too big, no challenge is too great.
Babies hate you
u must win. Go fight win. Or a revolution will be happening
Make  GREAT AGAIN ,VOTE VOTE  #ElectionDay
And thank you, Donald, for bringing bigotry, misogyny, demagoguery and fascism to into our political process. Well done.
@Build a skyscraper in downtown New Castle with US Steel with viewing deck of all over the city.
@Get you concession speech ready.
aaahhhwww. #babydeplorables
Tampa loves you, Trump!! Trump signs and flags on every corner
FDT
I voted for you and contributed to your campaign. We need you. I fear for our future without you at the helm.
tell Floridians how you are going to give them jobs, especially minorities.
@HillaryClinton See how he holds a baby. This man is not competent enough to even hold a baby. What of America?
that baby is traumatized
love u Trump plz plz win

I support you
Tampa and all of Florida loves you, Mr.Trump.  We know you can drain the swamp.
you look like you smell like gold bond and a thrift store had a baby
who wrote this, Kelly Anne?? Give Trump his Twitter back! #MAGA #MTGA #OnlyTrump
GO AWAY ALREADY
What a dweeb and con artist you are. You have no soul.
Never Trump
I crossed party lines and voted for you early. Prayers for your win.
if killary wins. We Americans need to band together and take back our country . At whatever cost
Thank a You Florida
go to russia or somewhere dude! No-one takes you seriously
his hands are way too small to be holding that baby.
You are the greatest hope ... the only belief ... the only answer ... the only way ... an awesome grandfather ... many more
he's a child molester too.
Look at all those white people.

The Nat'l Labor Relations Board ruled your Vegas Hotel violated labor laws. Now you saying unions love you? Hypocrisy!!!!
that is a TINY amount of supporters for Tampa.
I was there. Awesome!
ummmm... not Hispanic.

Come on Florida, vote for Hillary!! Trump is only concerned with his family & wealth, not everyday people! Don't be duped.
@davidaxelrod what kind of Dumdass calls a child "Future Construction worker"? Is that what America aspires to? @CNN
Latinos voters come out and vote!We the people will make history soon! Latinos will not be disrespected! Florida will Vote
estamos orando pela sua vida Trump
Need U 2 PROTECT @NYPDnews if they FINALLY defy @FBI and issue the warrants in the Podesta / @HillaryClinton #ChildSexRing
@321Chapp Great pics please play some patriotic songs at your rallies they are very powerful
California is voting for Trump we don't vote for criminals
Good winning...
your so fake! I hear you didn't even take care of your own children!
Mr. Trump. I will say this to you. If you win don't forget the veterans of this country. Cause we won't forgive you for it.
After Hillary wins, hope the digging into your tax returns and foundation continue..,.
YOUR VOTES COUNT TO GOD! VOTE FROM HIS WORD!!! 

WE HAVE A CHOICE FOR THE BABIES THAT DONT!!!
Is it true that Obama is on film encouraging illegals to vote, that the Feds will not come after them for voter fraud?
@GenFlynn @PamelaGeller @bfraser747 @RealJamesWoods @JasonMillerinDC @asamjulian @PastorDScott http://www.discoverthenetworks.org/viewSubCategory.asp?id=1235 …
This was just another great experience. Trump has a positive agenda for the future of the USA. Donald Trump the POTUS
you inspired my daughter to vote for the first time ever! Glad to see the country so excited again. God bless the USA.
Babies have good instincts, and why are you holding him like a sack of money?
You have traveled the USA,took the time to identify with us! #CrookedHillary cares less, it's all about her dream, not us.
Thank you Donald. You have done amazing.
I hope ur going to move to Russia maybe they will like a asshole. Oh they do putin
Hope to be in Sarasota too
you work the crowds like adolf hitler. heil donald!
Florida needs to go out and vote

that poor child
Lyft-Share this link with everybody you know. It's $50 bucks off the first 10 rides. Its free $
https://lyft.com/igi/RONALD856713 …
Go Trump !! ! !
Trump love the children ... Trump love the babies... God with you @P0TUSTrump .....
So you have a photo of a white arm holding up a placard with ‘Hispanics for Trump”  Genius? No you are a liar & a loser!
GUN!!!!!!!!
it looks like your gonna drop the baby #smellytrump
Youre not winning Florida either.  Ha Ha Ha.
@DanScavino I was there! and I voted Trump already.
-- Thank you for taking on the battle! God Speed!
get out the vote by millions- defeat HRC cheating
.@CNN  real NEWS!
we wish you best of luck sir.
Latins from Cuba & Venezuela know what Socialism&Communism does to Countries. We Vote Trump!


that poor child
"Hispanics for Trump".... not Hispanic lol
#MakeAmericaHateAgain
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!
@leveeen_masse I to jest to  .Trzymaj się  !  Powodzenia.
Hope your ok kid, stupid people out there,doing dumb things.God Bless Hang in.We are praying for you to win& be well.

Hillary wI'll win.  FLORIDA win, it's over.  Dumb to insult latinos, women, African americans, muslims early in campaign

We love you anytime of day, Mr. @realDonaldTrump
WHEN TRUMP PICKED UP THAT BABY AND KISS THE POOR BOY I THREW UP ON MY MOUTH, KNOWING HE'S A CHILD RAPIST 
Clinton hallery cancelled modis visa
we need Trump
Looks like child endangerment to me.  Future construction worker?  No one dreams of that for a child.
curious about #USA ELECTION want @realDonaldTrump you to win...
Is there any realistic path 4 victory if DJT was to lose 1 of 3, OH, FL, NC? 
... please keep fighting to make America great again, two more days to go, keep sharing your message... stay on point!
What fuckin report are you reading you Lyin piece of shit ?
Another great rally! This video really sums it up!    https://youtu.be/vST61W4bGm8 
@badger3030 #MAGA3X GOD BLESS AMERICA VOTE TRUMP!CORRUPT CRIMINALS DRAIN THE SWAMP IN WASHINGTON DC 
here's my question to you mr. Trump  Why can't you show your tax returns are you trying to hide something
vote Hillary Clinton
I wouldn't trust @realDonaldTrump with my child.
.  WE BELIEVE & TRUST YOU. DONALD J TRUMP 
yhea a baby and a old person,haha Demagog
get that baby in my belly. Delicious!#landslide
Florida for Trump
They're actors they hate you
they came to see a clown, and they did
the greatest president ever in the world
Finally.
you and your supporters are equally delusional.
Thank U for helping #trump Make #Russia Great Again. #florida #republicans U R a sucker 4 #trump
*notices none of the babies in this photo have pussies.
trump: "can you believe it, in 20 years, I'll be dating these babies!"
