How's your buddy #putin today? #russianhacking #Putinspuppet
Thanx. anybody But #Romney
Honestly, I'd prefer Bolton.

"stay tuned"? Is he serious? This is not a fucking reality sho!
world class player? Does he grab international women by the pussy?
and YOU are a horses ass!
he's also a bitch for Putin, guess you have that in common.
Who are these people?! 20 responses in 30 seconds!
Rex Tillerson is a friend of scumbag Vladimir Putin and head of world class polluter Exxon.
WE TRUST YOUR JUDGEMENT 
JUST DONT CHOOSE MITT ROMNEY ( the loser )
DO IT! #Make America great again!
Hillary won
lol... No she lost big time! Suck it up buttercup!
not exactly an accurate account of reality lady
WHAT EVER YOU DECIDE!!  WE TRUST YOU!!  MAGA!!!
Yes, listen to us haters! We know how much you love yourself. How does it feel to know that you are the most hated PEOTUS?
go trump your the greatest man that ever lived
you will make the right decision, we trust you! You are already making America great!
u r trying ur best to lose the electoral college. Count down to december 19. We pray they do the right thing, con fraudman.
I hope Hillary actually winning drives you to madness. We will remind you of that fact every single day @realDonaldTrump
"Stay tuned!" - We have a #Republican President-Elect treating the Secretary of State like a reality show tease. #ByeByeUSA
Putin loves him too
Petraeus sold out the United States of America for sex.  His brain is not in his head
Yes
neither one of you are "world class". More like " NO CLASS". You are a pathetic, sad, old man grasping desperately at life.

All your picks to me are spot on, Poor people do not create jobs the rich do. Go Mr President.
Does Ivanka reciprocate your incestuous feelings?
That's sick.
#KeepWinning we  you TRUMP!
oh don't worry the world has its popcorn ready for the shit show & impeachment coming soon to a White House near you #truth
Is Putin still thinking it over?
can we call u #comrade?
Exorcizamus te, omnis immundus spiritus
omnis satanica potestas, omnis incursio
infernalis adversarii, omnis legio,
omni
I seriously can't believe you are a real person. Your parody accounts are less nauseating!
Portman-Murphy ANTI-FREE SPEECH bill needs to GO..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHfnqg9BSbo …
Fun fact: People who are actually smart don't have to say things like "I am smart."  Only morons do that.

Get over it. You lost the election. Stop crying.
We'll be drinking cups of YOUR tears when you finally realize how badly you got fucked.  :)
Are you referring to the past 8 yrs?
oh, yes... 4.5% unemployment, end to the recession, lowest crime rate in decades, many newly insured. So bad.
king, the most terrorist attacks, 10x more immoral drone strikes, a tax on breathing(obamacare) and-
#Bolton4SecOfState 
@realDonaldTrump
Tillerson, @realDonaldTrump, is one of Putin's whores. Just like you, you disloyal son of a bitch #Flee
Philippians 4:23
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
there is no god. Trump is proof of that.
Jn3:16 God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life.
yeah. But there is no god, so...
Psalm 14:1 The fool says in his heart, "There is no God." They are corrupt, their deeds are vile...
, kindly help to stop this carnage loving buharism in Nigeria.
This is not a game show
If by "coming together" you mean obey the illiterate orange leader, hell no.
he looks like a carrot
Yeah GOMER ... and I reckon he could run rings around you... 
How many times has he declared bankrupt.  ???
on top od things (as always )CNN got confused and has no idea how to react to our president's modern way of communication
You would call putrid smelling shit - wonderful, the best ever.

I will Suck Every D**K Who criminally Donated to My Unholy Foundation.
"Stay tuned?"  Stay tuned?!  It is not a frickin' television show or episodic sitcom!  This is a presidential transition!
You are the President Elect...not the host of American Idol.
Not the legal President-Elect YET. Only on Dec 19 will we know if the electorial college is ignorant enough.
When will you understand that selecting your cabinet isn't a reality show? It has profound consequences for the world.
And, has a BIG conflict of interest.  Very disappointing and disturbing.
Please sir, do not appoint State to an individual who "is a world class player and dealmaker".
that should do it...
shhhhh
I agree!!! Should make CEO Secy. of State & make General Petraeus as his Deputy = Dream Team
BAD
Tillerson is a criminal and a liar, just like you. #TinyHandsTinyDick #DrumpfTraitor
We like your choice! #MAGA
I think you could come up with someone less provocative. Need to transition from fossil fuels.
We r with u
Message from Putin: Remind Rex of his promise to lift sanctions on us. Untold wealth awaits you both.
revenge on Romney done, Christie & Giuliani discarded ..moving on with the rape and pillage of America!
whatever you do, do not pick Romney for  Sec.. Of State position.  He can't be trusted. He will betray you and Run for 2020
you is A
Puppet for Russian, Hillary 
Right.
Deut.31.8
The Lord himself goes before you and will be with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you. Do not be [1/2]
afraid; do not be discouraged.” #MerryChristmas #OneNationUnderGOD #GodBlessAmerica #InGodWeTrust [2/2]
so I wonder since former US Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr's n d divorce mode? U think he just might want 2 DIVORCE my court $? O:!!
You are not going to choose anyone, you are going to be impeached before inauguration
http://www.cnbc.com/2016/12/12/pipeline-spills-176000-gallons-of-crude-into-creek-about-150-miles-from-dakota-access-protest-camp.html …
WE TRUST U! OBAMA is the one that has done nothing but ABUSE his POWER n PLAY GOLF since he's been in office! GOD BLESS U!
Please no FOXES in charge of HEN HOUSES!!!!!!!
- ah-ah-exxon valdez-choo.
@offshoreicon @tonyposnanski @marlins360 @wrench5206 http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/16/opinion/the-narcotic-of-trump.html?action=click&contentCollection=Podcasts&module=Trending&version=Full&region=Marginalia&pgtype=article …
no donamd he is an awful pick 
One thing about Trump is if his Picks does things wrong Trump will use the The "Fired Card" Not reward like BHO does,
Don't make mistake Pres.Bush made,KEEPING previous administration,career,personnel.They'll only drag in freshly,swept dirt.
I trust you. Make America great again
I am still hoping for Mitt Romney
Need to watch out for Rino Sen McCain talking out the side of his mouth
Stay Tuned! UP NEXT: What to do with all those gizzards? We'll talk to leading cosmetic surgeon about his fav soup recipe!
You are the best!!!!!!!!!! Mr.President
yes, I love billionaore climate change deniers
Whts wrng wth hav a gud relatnshp w russia. We r same caucasn countries. ė Left shd be happy; they r communst.W r rightist.
You can't do better than Mr. Tillerson for State. He's very smart, and he has done a great job with XOM internationally.

you'll get daily updates directly from Putin/Exxon hope you keep us in the loop little headstart helpful regarding next war
What is a world class player? Is a cabinet of Players a good thing? Can you use vocabulary befitting your position?
This is not a TV show and you ate not the emcee..
LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL Putin puppet
He is an awful choice what is wrong with you
Why NOT a BigTobacco tycoon, who ever made "deals" better than THEY? Hell, Jesse Helms helped'em sell it to Asian commies?
no
An oilman? sounds like the same old Washington insider business as usual. What happened to the swamp? It's getting deep.
You mean "world class player" as in... your fascist death cult?
What about Condoleeza Rice for State? She would be PERFECT!
drama queen
we need Tulsi Gabbard as head of state
Msg from Kremlin: Thank you for appointing Rex Tillerson, he wants to remove the sanctions on us. Your debt is almost paid.
I agree
You're a Russian stooge. We can only hope your ignorance and incompetence sees you impeached within the year.
another Putun puppet. Can't wait to see your #PerpWalk #Treason is punishable by death
you are going to be a one term president if you do,
how about you tune into draining the swamp instead of tuning into SNL, whining on Twitter,and appointing Putin's friends .
McCain, McConnell, Sununu, have gotten us into the "mess" we find ourselves. Old boys, old news, all talk, no action.
.@realDonaldTrump Yes, please, drown me oil. I hate our planet so I want it to die as soon as possible. World Class!
I trust your choices
Your in the seat now
We know you will do what's
Right for the American People
Thank You Mr. President
Oil cheaper ?
@BraddJaffy You seem to be going all in on making a new deal with Putin, Mr. Trump.
will the other wealthy cabinet members be willing to only take a $1 salary like you to work for America?
just in time to further tie yourself to Putin!
TRUMP, DRIO Tillerson, it is DRAGGING you down! There are other good, qualified people. STOP your association with RUSSIA.
That may be fine in your world. You're in a different world Jan 20.
YOU"LL be the MOST CORRUPT pres. in The History of The UNITED STATES of (your) AMERIKA
also remember "the eagle and condor".
Pls choose him!
I hope you stop tweeting & start presidenting. Ppl will start to ignore u if u continue to tweet so much.
you would think that
is being a  "world class player and dealmaker"  your criteria for a Secretary of State? Nations are NOT businesses!
#make the right choice RUDI.
#ivotrd for you #rudi is the right person #name him for state
U and #ComradeTillerson r agents of the Russian Federation and should be tried/convicted of #TrumpTreason #TheResistance
I believe in you so completely! It's been a long time since it's been exciting to think about the future! Great Job!!
That's probably true - he will play and dealmake for financial gain and destroy the planet in the process.
the rich hire the rich or else the politicians hire stupid morons.
I trust your judgement
"But daddy, wouldn't that be a major conflict of interest?" - 14 month old
will and Already Is a Great Leader. These libs are seriously led to the kool aid and drinking it up. Lmao. Buncha losers
@JohnHuntsman would be a far better choice.
You think everyone is stupid. You are WRONG and that will be your down fall. You are putin's puppet.
Putin puppet....both of you.
I really don't care  because I know if they don't do the job they will be replaced. Successful people hire success.
Putin is not a friend of the US and never will be. Your pick has too many ties to Russian Oil what are you thinking?
Please don't choose him....too much controversy surrounds him! Why not a Democrat? Cross the aisle!
. We need the best and the brightest.
@realDonaldTrump
We support you Trump!
Tillerson is another horrible self-serving, cabinet pick...I thought it couldn't get any worse with Pruitt.

when are you going to choose people for our cabinets that's are qualified ? #thisisnottheapprentice #godhelpus
Such a cry baby damn
The presidency is not a game show.
Rex is also pro Putin #LockHimUp #NotMyPresident #TraitorTrump
honestly you're just a bad human being
I support u Mr P. go and change the world
Yup, you need the final world class player to fill out your cabinet of world class players.  #donthecon
does he love Israel? Does he understand Israel's God given right to the land? They can not give up the Land.
not a communist
Donald, if you don't want to be president, please just step down already like a normal person and stop torturing us.
"stay tuned?!?!" This isn't a show it's our country. A baboon can comprehend that better than you.
Great choice in Rex! Why can't people realize that you make the best decisions especially when it comes to the USA!
Another person with strong connections to Putin whom you so admire? Is America you want to "Make Great Again" or Russia?
you are so crooked.
he is another rich guy who like all the rest of your picks who doesn't care about the middle class
Creating a new swamp of special interests for financial gain including your own.  Shame on you!
, let's try something completely crazy, like nominating someone with some actual credentials to fill a cabinet position.
Don't back down from Tillerson as we Deplorables got your back! The left doesn't want him because he is a friend? STUPID!
How about Russia's interference in the election?
4 horsemen sir! Only 4 for the Apocalypse. Not more than http://that.You 're going to make us have a horrible country.Bad politics.
Interesting dog and pony show interviewing so you can pick Tillerson as agreed upon with Putin!
DON'T LET ANYONE TALK YOU OUT OF YOUR CHOICE. MUST HAVE HARD NOSE STRONG LEADER W/ NO B.S. #NEVERROMNEY
good job draining that swamp (i know you can't tell, because you're dense af, but that's sarcasm)
So all of that "draining the swamp" was a lie?
guess his Exxon stocks will increase in value once you lift sanctions on Russia #treacherousTreasonousTraitorTrump
the world doesn't need deals so much ..the world needs human kindness and clear vision I.o. to make clean decisions !
- can you pick someone qualified?? I thought you were draining the swamp?? #notmypresident
stay tuned???  Hahaha. Go back to tv showbiz. This is serious is the POTUS!!!

And a Good Friend with the enemy.  No conflict of interest here?
I just hope the RNC has not taken over your cabinet. Where is loyalty 4 those that stood wit u fr onset
You missed this thing in school: its called "global warming". I know you are just past the Gerber biscuits. Who's a BIG BOY
you destroying the world t.Rump!! #hamiltonelectors #notmypresident #russianhack stop preying on people #loser
Choosing Mr. Exxon & the Goldman Sachs adds to NON-Conservs U picked. It puts a wall between U & ppl who voted U in. #bad
Who cares?
Tillerson? How about Bolton/Tillerson pair double for our money
excellent choice , for stat
Do not pay attention to negativity of corrupt media
You sound like a two bit radio announcer.:(
And CEO of a corporation that denies climate change. Both you and him are a threat to the planet Mr Trump.
Trump doesn't believe #climatechange. Wants Scott Pruitt, currently suing the EPA, to dismantle.
he knows what hes doing but does he clean up his.messes?
I've worked at Executive level overseas 4 many years, does that qualify me for SofState? NO! Less if I'm in bed w the enemy
I agree
Dear Mr. Trump, Have you ever seen the movie "Idiocracy"? Worth a watch. #idiocracy
