@MayaLbFr  Donald Trump has never made a "deal" involving two sovereign countries in his life. Anyone can do a golf course.
make a golf course then if to so easy.
. Trump unable to make deal with Mexico. Unable to bring home jobs from his own products! Pathetic.
Trump isn't even president what deal would he make? He has no power as a candidate!
Jesse Jackson made deals with Syria and with Serbia when he wasn't President. Trump=0.
you claim trump didn't get a deal but won't critique Hillary for not getting a deal and not meeting!
Not my claim, a fact. Trump got nothing, zero, nada.Hillary doesn't propose wall, so why visit? Duh
It wasn't a meeting to make a deal, you know nothing. HIllary wants open borders, no wonder she is losing in the polls now!

Suggest Crimea, and Putin stopped killing people in Syria?
How you doing on your deals? Immunity? Healthcare?  Only thing you've done is scratch you name on EO's! Illegitimate!
#Atweetforeverything
You are President now not Obama so what are you and your son- in law going to do now since he's doing your job.
What deals have you made? What laws have you passed other than removing Obama laws? What work have you done? Why are you still in office?
#WakeUpAmerica #TrumpPence16 #CCOT #TCOT #2A #MAGA
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@realDonaldTrump
.@Don_Vito_08 @realDonaldTrump Obama is like Rodney Dangerfield, he gets no respect. Foreign leaders laugh at him
Just like mexicos president laughed at Trump
Putin laughs at #dumbdonald as well,
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
President Obama & Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
Because he didn't capitulate to Putin like you would? Sad!
Obummer is an idiot selling out America. Also, obummer is Isis.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
President Obama & Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!

Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
President Obama & Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
in the mean time thousands will die and @HillaryClinton will want to bring more Syrians to the usa
Obama is like the worst deal maker there ever was he didn't throw it off of Monty Hall let's make a deal on the first round
obama doesn't want to destroy isis
steaks water wives ...
why? Because my president is black
Okay literally he is almost out of office...nothing we can do now...talk about yourself and what GOOD you can do
this is scary. Please stop the madness. #AmericaFirst
@KellyannePolls
accused of STIFFING 100s of carpenters, dishwashers, painters — even his lawyers. Happy Labor Day!
@USATODAY Bullshit propaganda =\
The money you paid Bondi will ruin you, Trump. The ghosts of your scams aren't done haunting.
Yeah. He doesn't pay people off like you do. Right @Pambondi and @GovAbbott @GregAbbott_TX
shut up fatso
ROFL. Donald you failed at your opportunity to make a deal w the President of Mexico. Stop! #DonaldTrump @FoxNews @MAGA
well 20 years later illegal immigration is still unresolved! Does this surprise you?
but what you don't understand is that your provincialism is defiling the presidency of your country and not the occupant.

shut up.
Putin is your buddy
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
President Obama & Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
you got rejected by the president of Mexico to your face
You must have been delusional! I saw two men respectful & willing to work on issues.
YOU

PAID

OFF

BONDI

BERNIE SANDERS ATTORNEY WHO WAS SUING DNC OVER STEALING ELECTION FOUND DEAD ON BATHROOM FLOOR #71
This is Sean Lucas passed Aug. 4th 2016... Old News
Don has failed to make a deal. Which might be good cause you will probably cave to Putin.
Wow the Twitter oracles has me awed...this has proven true, ,
Trump's definition of a deal is cheating the other party. No reciprocity or respect. Ends in lawsuit which he loses or pays
This fool can never focus on the here and now, nor the future. He’s so hung up on distracting people from recognizing his life, in total, is a failure.
So . . . . It's your problem now. What are you going to do? @jaketapper @donlemon @AC360
ok Bernie Madoff.....
No. You give him far too much credit. Donald isn't smart enough to be Bernie Madoff. @yashar @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump @FoxNews @MAGA
Trump made his money honestly through capitalism; Hillary sold USA interest for $$.
LOL. WHAT!? He made his money robbing the little guy. He stole from the working poor.
Fact- Look What Else Hillary Did To Our WH Besides Stealing
So, you  haven't been able to close the deal on travel ban or Trumpcare. Lucky for you that oily Mitch McConnell set up SCOTUS for you.

go get him D!
You're a "natural deal maker!" Funniest thing I've ever heard from a clown!
UPDATED: Barack Obama issues brief response to Trump criticism.
Neither are you...#Trumpcare, #Trumpcare2.0 #MuslimBan #EpicFail #Loser
Trump will continue to act as if Putin is holding piss tapes over his head
You couldn't even get YOUR OWN NAME as a twitter handle... had to put 'real' in front because you lost. You suck at deals. SAD.
lowest ratings for a "president". that would be you,
Donald, what course would you recommend at Trump University?
trump is a loser, sorry
like I care, I'm putting you on the list on losers who actually think trump is going to win

you do realize trump is a racist
cause you're incompetent
Did you live under power lines as a kid or something? #NeverTrump #ClownTrain #DumpTrump
200 s!

Your tweet has been liked by 200 people. https://favstar.fm/t/772793680990048256 …

https://twitter.com/StopTrumpIn16/status/772793680990048256 …
lol! Everyone knows you are bent over for Putin. Trump’s Russian Connections Scandal -
Oh yeah....bent and blowin, depending on putie's mood...
hillary is better
look at all these pathetic fucks posing fake memes and fake pictures. Trump is finished
Trump is almost finished...campaigning. He's taken the lead in most polls, can coast to win
most polls?
Cry me a river moonbeam. Hill is headed to hospice or prison. The socialistexperiment ends.
you will fail even more, you are a joke
Tell'em, sister. Trump will fail even worse than Obama/Hillary already have! Great slogan!
.@realDonaldTrump

When this is over, you will have nothing that you want

Nothing
Outgoing Presidents often don't... as in Reagan/Bush Snr. What would u suggest?
Leaders don't respect Obama, he's weak.
Bad deal, have you looked at your hair?

like that firm stance you took with Nieto? You backed down immediately. #trumplies #trumpflipflops #trumpcantswim #Trump
LOL 1st time tryin 2 do big boy prez work ends w/strained relations & DT publicly outed a liar! #NeverTrump
amen to that!
My 81 yr old Uncle just lost prescription coverage.Worked all his life-thanks to ObamaCare.
because he refuses to kiss Putin's ass like you do? You could see the fear in Putin's eyes as he looked at Obama
Obama is not a leader never was and never will be he's Muslim what do expect !!!!! He's a joke
He has no credibility with any other world leader. It's very sad, and bad for the USA.

You mean like the deals you made in AC that cost people jobs and their businesses. Gov can't use BK's & Lawsuits like u do
look at your own past,ur not much better.
and you only break deals. Ask all the small business owners you bankrupt
You only make deals to go back on them. Where is the Mexico deal? Oh yeah, #DontheCon chickened out on @ talks. So tough!
i bet your deal is I will bring miss univers to your county and have miss Russia win in your country so true belive me!
hilary or trump america is fucked. #ripamerica
well at least he didn't make a deal with the devil like you would have!
international peace keeping deals are a wee bit more complicated than real estate deals, as seen in your Mexico fiasco
International affairs are highly defined, sensitive operations, not a bloody business deal. Qualities DT highly lacks of!
you're pitiful
Russia's fighting ISIS, Syria is fighting ISIS, Iran is fighting ISIS, even Hezbollah is fighting ISIS. We arm terrorists.
He must have gone to Trump U.?
Obama doesn't take it in the nether region from Putin, LIKE YOU DO. Show us your taxes and what you owe Russia and China.
cause you make great deals. Like selling your soul to the devil....oh wait he's just your dad....
you forgot to add he sponsors and trains isis , isil, is terrorists
#Obama isn't employed by #Putin like you are. Vlad will tell you what to do #MakeRussiaGreatAgain
..deal?  Like the one you tried to pull off with the Mexican President. .how did that go? #hilaryforpresident
sorry he's not crooked like you you have no negotiating skills your nothing but an bully that doesn't work in life these
2 words....Trump Majal.
shut up DRumpf
Like bankruptcies?
RussianMaffia gave u enogh money to sell US out?
put him out to pasture
omg is this true
htpp://www.youtube.com/watch_popup?v=0R81h6rWgtU
U r better? Hmmm ur deals put ur biz into bankruptcy 4 times. Ur deals work on bullying and lying. http://atrumpcompendium.com 

.@realDonaldTrump 

#NeverTrump 
#Scampaign 

Is that from this book you didn't write? 
making deal means he can't  bring Syrians here to expand voter base. never had USA interest first. @seanhannity @CNN
your ignorance is apallng
ignoring all Clintons crimes is not? Ignoring @TheDemocrats lies is not?
was questioning your understanding of Obama and Syria.
you are all smoke and mirrors.
-  maybe they should have arm wrestled..........
Can you share with us what would be the Heads of Agreement in a Presidents Trump-Putin Syria deal?
.@realDonaldTrump The man who flew all the way to Mexico and either 'Never Brought Up' paying for wall &/or lied about it to press. #TYTLive
The first 3 nasty remarks here each had less than 300 followers GEE paid Trolls much??
who started with daddys money and still managed to go bankrupt??? #Elections2016
@DMashak He doesn't want to make the deal or be in the room w Putin, and Putin doesn't respect him. Art of the deal needed.
And you and Putin are in bed together - Yikes
http://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com 
eat a giant bag of dicks
Obama, You're Fired!
Amen to that! As an American as well as a Iraq war veteran I'm so disgusted with this administration and HRC, period!
He just wants to get out.He did nothing for 8 years anyhow
Nothing else new with this, Obama is the best at crappy deals,Clintons right up there with him!
Hmmm, riigghhttttt. Tell me again, who's gonna pay for your "wall", "Mr.Natural Deal Maker"...
Well Putin is ur buddy. Makes sense
Trump bankruptcies http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jun/21/hillary-clinton/yep-donald-trumps-companies-have-declared-bankrupt/ …
And you will simply just roll over Putin and make him a deal he can't refuse. Syria is not a building!!
or secret side deals for a rich retirement!
he has to make deals that don't only serve HIS self interest.
the deals you make.  Fraud and croock!
You should be thankful breathing is an involuntary action or you'd be dead!
like all the deals you are making with America's lives? Yeah that is safe.
Another flawed premise from #trump. Putin wants to keep Syria in turmoil to support its own interests.
you wont do any better
People don't always come to an understanding to make a deal.
Haven't you just bought Russia?  I'm my universe, I bought them decades ago.  Father gave me a small $1b regime change loan
You are the only living being walking the planet that makes good deals! Tell that to the next salesman that thinks he does!
Like we should deal with Russia. You couldn't even "deal" with Mexico. Pussy.
you use bribes and cons #ignorantdonald
You are a ridiculous person.
Said The Man @realDonaldTrump  Such A Dealer He Managed To Bankrupt A Casino. Spineless @Gop Made BAD Deal For America. Vote @HillaryClinton
Obama even got spurned by Raul Castro. lol
@cnn @seanhannity Not everyone seesthe world thru your hypocritical eyes.We all not your puppets that believe: Only I do it
insecure narcissistic lying small hands bigot
Net you can. Nobody likes Obama because he is such a horrible president
Bullying on Twitter like a 14 year old boy again!
waiting for you to shake up the players and engage those countries who will commit to "change" for the sake of the World !!
that's because Putin is waiting for you Donald
#VoteYourConscience
our President don't play! He's tough.
look how scared Putin is.
We need a deal maker like you Mr. Trump! Obama has shown he is not good at it.
I agree, we need power in office, someone like you who can truly prove their point.
Obama is very Arrogant, that's why no countries want to deal with the US. Sad but True.#Trump2016  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
and your a bad deal maker start paying your bills scam artist
Hey Donnie. Why don't you call Satan and see if you can cut a new deal with him, and get your soul back.
You can't hold a candle to Obama Flake right on you People realize it
Obama isn't a bully.He doesn't make fun of the disabled. He doesn't talk mean/harsh about people who doesn't agree with him
I pray everyday for our beloved country, and our leaders even though I disagree with everything they do, I hope they ppm
and you are without the court system. Suing everyone or getting sued. Right
is a #lapdog for Putin. #DontheCon owes millions to Russia. #showyourtaxes
So tell us more about your trip to Mexico
You ought to know about BAD DEALS, you bankrupt, fraudulent buffoon. #DumpTrump
You ever heard the word piling on. Just ask Obama about it he's getting a lesson on subversionism and treason!
that's where we all know that. No need to Twitter that. He looked bad since he landed.
@CNN  Donald, This is not a street deal like selling Trump Steaks or peddling places for Trump University. Requires a brain
what kind of secret deal did YOU make w/Putin? #traitor #justwrong
@cnn Drumpf made deals with Putin: Get me elected,l hire friend Manaforte.After I get elected will keep in contact with KGB
Trump would Blow up the Country if he could make a good deal BENEFITING HIM by doing so
Exactly!
Says the guy who failed in Mexico and then lied about it. #SAD
In Politics, bad deals are rewarded. You can always steal more money from the public.
yes! Agree!
you are delusional  (was that too big a word for you?) #NeverTrump #ImWithHer
Amen to that, brother! Look at the Iran "deal". We even had to pay ransom for the freedom of our citizens!!!!
you are... Oh nevermind, why bother.. Ur almost done, I won't have to endure ur bullshit much longer!
You couldn't find Syria on a map. You are one bad deal American voters won't buy on Nov 8th.
Putins holding his breath waiting for you. He knows you always agree with the last person you spoke with. Flip flop...
Obama is just being his usual self Sir.  You stay focused n keep catching up and pull 4ward and win!!!
Let's see. Trump the deal maker? Casinos went under, owner of 3 wives, 2 went under, Trump University went under...
