Yeah right in your effing dreams.
No one can replace My President Obama. NO ONE.
You are #NOTMYPRESIDENT
"CUT IT OUT, PUTIN"
Every fucking time.

He apparently deleted the second one.
Oh noes, i've been exposed!
likely the greatest in this century.
Oh ye of little faith.
agreed
LMAO Nobody is saying it now 
Thank you for all the hard work you put up with every day for us ! Happy Easter Mr. President may God bless the usa !!
我也这么表示~~
Whih "many people"are those?  #liar
with you from the start Tell Me Something I Don't Know
Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! Congratulations #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Colombia @realDonaldTrump
. And then you woke up.!!!
you're arrogant but very , very insecure
Success of Donald Trump it is the success of US people and good belief on elected President. He is the great.

11% is not a majority 11% is the deplorables that would suck your dick if they thought it would make you happy
You should have quoted this tweet from the same author. https://twitter.com/eazymf_e/status/806660013494145024 …
Yes you will!
They are demented if the last few weeks are anything to go by...
Many people are idiots- as in the many people who voted for Donald Trump!

Who cares about counties? It's people that count and 2.8 mil more voted for Hillary.
.@realDonaldTrump People are attacking(cyber bullying),threatening journalists who disagree w/you. What about that?When is press conference?
yet he still can't win the most votes like a typical republican: stealing elections
is #Putinspuppet  and @GOP are traitors @EazyMF_E
What did you pay them? You have worst approval rating of any Prez elect ever! You will be impeached within 1 year
Your not a Legitimate President!
LMFAO!!!!!
Really your that shallow that you have to retweet something positiave about yourself read your own twitter thread
love you
only if you like sellouts to communist governments
This president will do something to help us help ourselves, or at least not thwart our efforts. Success indeed.

#liarforhire
yes you will make America great again
.@realDonaldTrump @EazyMF_E  but more people say you will be a disaster to our country. Ditch the "many people say".   It is silly.
yes yes yes yes you are genius

The tremendous love you have for this country is one of a kind. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
yeah and for all those women he groped..

you will ruin America
who is oduma
you literally retweeted the tweet but look what the person who wrote it had attached
And the majority of voters said we don't want you near the White House. #unpresidented
Many people are now saying that you will be the President that has the smallest hands of any.
U have already been extremely successful and U haven't even been sworn in.  Stay true to truth.
you only retweet the best people, Donnie.
Penalty for being Muslim!
That was a tweet mocking bad refs from a Chiefs game 2 years ago for calling a BS penalty on Husain Abdullah. Try again.

you have been reported to the @SecretService 
For threatening the life of a us president. A felony!
oh dear..he is not president yet
hes done more in one month then obama did in 8 years
What DT has lineed his pocket with almost 13 million from his campaign fund
Hes has billions he could make more $$ by not serving as president duh
is going to make money off his power from being president.  already did it.
WE ARE COUNTING ON THAT!
My support of Trump can be summed up in one phrase: “America First.” #draintheswamp #maga #BigLeague #Bigly #USA
#maga
Do you know what MF stands for Donald?
do you know what POS stands for Sarah?
Point of Sale.
Bingo.
Just curious to see the opinions of the people on Twitter.
@inabster @EazyMF_E I doubt that but you're better than Clinton.
I am holding judgement, even though some of his appointments are vomit inducing.
Yes, I'm keeping my fingers crossed but my cynicism leads me 2 have little hope.
He has to be extremely careful, very evil people surrounding him (or any would be #POTUS).
Sadly, he might indeed have to kneel, and maybe doing already :(
Kneel to #Baphomet that is.
@nemasis0000 @realDonaldTrump @EazyMF_  But even if he will be the worst President he's followers will support him.
You're no patriot if you support #Trump. #LockHimUp #sedition
Sorry reality broke through the right-wing BS. Best case: Pres Pence pardons Trump.
Best case for you, of course. Best case for America: Trump & his cronies die in jail.
LOL, you think we are getting paid? Nah we are the majority. We stand up for civil liberties for free.
If u stood for civil liberties u would have voted for Trump. Our #PEOTUS won by an overwhelming majority of counties & states.
yes. Thanks to voter suppression, intimidation, miss information, willful ignorance & foreign interference the puppet won
No he won bc she ran a lousy campaign, did not connect w/voters, is corrupt & dishonest, & country tired of lib platform #MAGA
Wrong 65% of Americans are progressive. The rest are incredibly gullible
He won over 2600 counties, 31 of 50 states, 306 electoral votes. 200 counties flipped from Obama in 2012 to Trump in 2016.
Patriotism won out.
actually even Fox's news says it's only 11% who says that, and Fox loves you.

11% isn't that high. Just saying
That's right. Let's go right back to believing polls like nothing's happened.
Americans with brains for Trump!!!  We are behind you with Pride ALL the way   #withyoufromdayone #neveradought
please Re-tweet: nation wide ban on all Hollywierd, stupid music and Has-been actresses. send our own statement.
.The best is yet to come .
No Donald, that's just your inflated narcissistic ego. The majority of Americans wish youd never been born #NotMyPresident
I just don't understand why he doesn't see the truth.
I think he does understand it, he's just trying to manipulate by gaslighting. He'll do/say anything to make $
yes he will, that's the only way for him to believe himself successful, no matter the cost to us @lillybell68 @realDonaldTrump
How many of those people are Americans of voting age? #maga is a joke. We were already great until DJT came along
Bring manufacturing home? Let's start with Ivanka Trump's $100 million  made-in-Asia apparel line
Even my most lib friend admits PresTrump will prob do good job.Time 4ingrate snowflakes 2come aboard
Hahahah
LIAR!
Except for the 2.6 million people that you lost to in the popular vote 
And many Professional Republican say you will not be a great President. #John McCain.
Many people are also saying you are unfit, unstable, and unethical. Tweet that @realDonaldTrump
I heard rumor Donald Trump will abolish the Fed. Is this true? He will be in the company of Lincoln and Kennedy
Many people are saying that you have tiny hands
not me.
Are those people in Russia?
Donald will be the greatest President ever these past eight years have sucked ass!!
Sorry dear, he'll never last. Probably assassinated or massive heart attack 
eight years and then eight more for Pence
#trumpeduplie I believe you'll be the best failure but please continue
Many people are deplorable and not aware of your ways to defraud the working class
Name 1 person, besides yourself, that said that. Just one. Can't do it, right? Because u made up that lie. Again.
.when u say stuff like that I know u are in your PHONY reality.its a  LIE..bc being president not about the $
Dont stop tweeting. They just jealous you love us this much! We love you too! #MAGA
maggots gagged
And even more people saying you'll be an awful president and destroy America. We are terrified of cabinet picks.
You may potentially become the greatest President of the United States in my lifetime.

you will the people have your back.The media is trying 2 destroy u along with the left and some right.No worries we're / u!
Even fox viewers mostly think you'll be the worst - unpresidented! #TrumpLies #TrumpWords #Unfit #Sad #SmallHands
It'll be a new concept after all the failures in office, to have a smart level headed President in office.!
But even more are saying you will be impeached.
NO ONE IS SAYING THAT. The way you are portrayed on SNL is the way we all see you. Your deplorables Aren't able to read
resurrecting your favourite catchphrase - "many people are saying" =  no one

not me  not yet. Need improvement first
Not me, DT, not me. If you keep going the way you are, you will be the WORST president in history!
THE PEOPLES VOTE SO FOREVER ELECTORAL COLLEGE PRESIDENT TRUMP* NEVER THE PEOPLES PRESIDENT BECAUSE PEOPLE HATEHIM
are you kidding me? This is ridiculous!
just don't kill us all.
Hmmm
almost no one is saying that.
Many people? 3 Million less than you thought.
Hahahahahaha
"Many" as in the ones on your payroll, or the family and ex-family members you support?
I was just wondering are u going to put carrier units in all your hotels &  real estate ?
Yea, but your family doesn't count. Ask the 2.8 million people who didn't vote for you.
lol  lol lol don't make me piss myself ...lol
which people? Not the intelligent people I know
you're already are the WORST president we've ever had.
what are you smoking
Many people are half-wit deplorable idiots. #notmypresident #unqualified
I know! Only the people in the 57 counties that voted for Clinton should be allowed to Vote.
no one with any sense believes he will do anything good!!! He is a disease!!!
Wasn't your grandfather a pimp and deported?
who though?!?!?  the uneducated and the ignorant?
NO ONE is saying that. And it wont come true just b/c U keep tweeting it. #LYING #LOSER #GREEDY #BUM

i'm sure the Trump empire will be very successful in ripping off the US, but US citizens will be Bigley losers.
Many people also have a double digit IQ, clap clap clap.
who are they? Vague!
whose saying that ? Your the only President-elect that has ever been hated all over the world
only positive RESULTS matter, ideas and talk are cheap!
WRONG
: You'll always be at the mercy of Congress being slow & the extremists from both sides questioning everything.
only if Putin steps down and you take his place IN RUSSIA!
Putie Pup, we are tired of you licking your own face. Get serious, get trained.
I'm not #RogueOne
check again....the percentages are lower than you think Mr trump.
Despite Electoral College votes, Donald will be the biggest popular vote LOSER in raw numbers ever elected.
and even more are saying you'll suck.
#Draintheswamp
我从未见过有如此厚颜无耻之人
Many more are saying how absolutely awful you will be. #admitit
Ummmm - no they're not - they're still saying you are going to ruin the country and make the world horrid!!!!!!!
it needs to be proved  but see from now they just tell a lie
Yeah, and they all speak Russian. #TreasonousTrump
Obvious!!!  God has spoken!!  Trump won against all odds. Nothing happens without Gods hand on it!!  Nothing!!
Over 65 million are not!
you'll be the biggest loser, impeachment over greatness is what "many" ppl are saying daily

hogwash
WE WHO VOTED FOR YOU KNOW THAT.
-the only one i hear saying that is you!!
I figure eventually Americans will figure out what a con man you really are.
Many more people are cringing in expectation of the disasters to come in Trumpian presidency!
Many more believe there are faeries down the bottom of their gardens.
Many more people also saying you will destroy the USA
I want to know when we will start exposing the massive voter fraud that took place...or Detroit and elsewhere
Yes, including the erudite Israel Shamir. He explains:
Yep many people,  Putin,  Goldman Sachs, Exxon
... also, there's no "i" in "denial".
you are going to be a GREAT president!!!!!!
and many say you are a depraved crybaby know-nothing, believe me.
are you obsessed with Peotus? Every tweet u have is about him.
You Will Mr. TRUMP...You Will!
Clowns.
Bahhahaha hahahahahahhaahahahahahahahhahajahahhajahahahaha!!!!!
They're delusional!
not as many as voted for Hilary
You are SO insecure 
And an extremely Great one.
joking unpresident
We who were for U from beginning R counting on it. Plz Divest Urself from Empire, period & B 100% Pres.of America
he will be the worse President ever!
many people are offended by you pretending to be a human being. Please leave planet without further ado!
many people are deluded
No one says that. Maybe Putin says that. #putinpuppet
zombies are likely to say anything
easy what's up
#ManyPeopleAreSaying Trump lost the pop vote by the largest margin IN HISTORY & EC win was 1 of 3 smallest IN HISTORY!
and I heard you're pretty good at grabbing some pussy and to think their going to let you in the White House..WOW
Yes, you will be an unpresidented president for unpresidented people. I wonder what Freud would think of your word "unpresidented."
