the emails reveal very troubling information about HRCs inner circle. All Americans should unite against it.
BS! Half the info is false and we all know how JA feels about HC.
and if they're fake why haven't they flat out publicly denied them?That would be the most obvious response lol
WIKILEAKS JUST GOT SHUT DOWN!!! Bam!!!! Now shut up!!!
my god you are a clueless troll!!
And you're an orange fool!!!
here have a block you Hillary infested useless robot. Hope you get screwed over when she illegally steals the election. #idiot
Duh. Obama knew about the server, he communicated w/her using it. They are all traitors to USA.
You ever notice how Obama’s responsible for virtually everything, from Benghazi to your impotence?

Well that was sure hard to find out!The wise knew this all along! 
I believe, Obama protected Clinton BC they both thought she would win, & she would nominate him for Supreme court!  They BOTH LOST! #MAGA
How did Putin President get in White House without Showing Taxes plus breaking EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE EVERYDAY!!!
Well he won the election, but maybe the democrats who  “Spied” on him would have a better idea.  I live in Cali, so my vote didn’t count.
Assange should be pardoned; he’s exposed the corruption in our govt,FBI, Intelligence comm.
THANK GOD HE IS DOING IT!!
Agree 100%
ARE THEY ALL ABOVE THE LAW?
have you had your breakfast yet mate?
We've wondered how @realDonaldTrump could've infiltrated the @GOP #GOP...?

#Morons, #KKK, @MarkBurnettTV & #TheApprentice...just a guess
'You've' wondered; not the rest of us. She did nothing even, morally, wrong. A Super whopper nothing burger for you.
WORST.Presidential.Candidate.Ever!  Btw...yesterday's SNL skit was the funniest!
Kudos To Our Rag-Tag Intel Team Who Broke This Nearly 5 Months Ago - Citizen Journalism Revolution @realDonaldTrump
Oh man! Just received text stating Wikileaks may have swept up Obama communications in Clinton hack could lead to impeachment
Insider Intel Tip: Trump Has Team Members Vetting #SheriffClarke - Preparing To Offer Him High Level Position In His Administration - Great!
we already knew that Obama is communist and hey Lori just ride the bandwagon along with him
the Republican party has been questioning Obama who he is where he was born & how he's ran our country since he took office
she payed them off
now you trust the media?  What did you call the National Review in the spring?  Remember?
Evidence that Obama and Clinton are Liars and thieves! The democrat party, thats the way they are!
Small nitpick, @Ilovekat321: they're not called the 'Democrat Party'; it's the 'Democratic Party'.
There LIARS no matter what it is!
Just here to help

More conspiracy theories, Donnie? {** yawn **} It won't stop your rapid plunge into irrelevance.
Most corrupt govt. in recent history. #Biggerthanwatergate
spread the word
You do realise that Julian Assange is a snake-oil salesman yeah?

you're grasping here buddy.
and you have a case of wilfull ignorance
I read the article. It is the definition of grasping.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! http://www.nationalreview.com/article/441115/hillary-clinton-barack-obama-emails-wikileaks-john-podesta-concern …
Nonsense, u want voters to belief u on Wikileaks, an illegal trail of hackings BUT you won't want em listen to ur escapades
faked emails hacked into by a Russian paid man proven to be altered? What are u gaining? #Seditious https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=599042536950766&id=415405165314505 …
Obama,Hillary,Bill,Podesta and hed of FBI are ALL GOING TO PRISON when President Trump is in the White House next year!
what a surprise....
Does any of it matter when YOU are the alternative?
will do in the position of president. America is in grave danger and you the American people must let you voice be herd
Show us your tax returns. Enough with the audit bs.
as soon as hillary shows her Wallstreet speaches! We will get all of them from wilkileaks soon enough!

Obama entered the WH with good intentions then Hillary got her hooks into him and it was all downhill from there.
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! http://www.nationalreview.com/article/441115/hillary-clinton-barack-obama-emails-wikileaks-john-podesta-concern …
if they had indicted her, he would have immediately given her a presidential pardon for any crimes committed #dirty
Trump: a leader w/the strong personality required to destroy the greedy special interest cabal running & ruining our lives.
What did YOU, Trump, do about all YOUR emails on your Florida Casino lawsuit? You DESTROYED them! Cost you that lawsuit!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! http://www.nationalreview.com/article/441115/hillary-clinton-barack-obama-emails-wikileaks-john-podesta-concern …
\ You are voting for a white man who hate Arab, Jews and all Negeros!
This man is afraid to go into Black Communities he is a white coward!
Trump and Halliburton sold weapon to ISIS!
maybe because she didn't do anything illegal... hmmm
emails say differently genius!33,000 deleted after given a subpoena by FBI. Illegal! Anyone else would be in jail
Obama needs to be thrown in GITMO to rot. Had we had a republican house & Senate that wasn’t mostly paid off by Soros& Clinton shills, he would have already be tried for treason.
most of you can't spell constitution for one and that's with spell check.
fuck the Dutch!

It's time to have these people arrested this will be a big plug pulled on draining the swamp
Time to hold the traitors @HillaryClinton and @BarackObama accountable. #QAnon #MAGA #AmericaFirst #DrainTheSwamp


BO, using a pseudonym, participated in HRC's misconduct. Obama-Clinton emails cud be used as evidence in trial against HRC
Because it's never been abt her emails. It's about trumps.  Wake up dummies
Trump doesn’t use email... never has!
Your followers communicate with memes because they can't spell.
seen this? https://www.google.co.uk/amp/www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-accused-underage-rape-lawsuit-a7352976.html%3Famp …
that woman doesn't even exist stop lying.
here's the court records chum. Or are the courts in on the conspiracy too? https://www.pacermonitor.com/public/case/19421595/v_Trump_et_al …
.@MikeKaiser8 @TaylorEdwards99 @StopTrumpIn16 More Denial. We'll see what happens on 16th December
denial? Read what you posted you fool
You are aware this is being dealt with in civil courts as past SOL for criminal are you not?
Those of us with intellect already knew Obama was involved. He also perverted our beloved #FBI w/politics
and if elected they will own the Supreme Court law and order will be over
Sadly, so true. That is why we must pray for @realDonaldTrump to win this!
22 year old ANTIFA arrested during UC Berkeley prostest screams that she doesn’t want her photo taken while being booked. Let’s give her the attention she truly deserves. Retweet
They are all part of that swamp your draining, #treason #LockThemAllUp
Many of us knew it went straight to the top!  WHY THEY ARE ALL PANICKED NOW!  Knew you & your admin. would uncover all the dirt! Lynch, Rice, Obama, Clinton, Comey & others!
We see them for what they are.  We always have. Thank you for looking after our best interests.
There is no doubt about it.


You are devoid.
"devoid" is an adjective that needs a preposition! This language barrier is boring. Go back to school!
I'm sorry if you are not intelligent enough to grasp the fact that I purposefully left the preposition out of my sentence.

There’s absolutely no evidence for this straight up conspiracy theory, of course. @realDonaldTrump
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! http://www.nationalreview.com/article/441115/hillary-clinton-barack-obama-emails-wikileaks-john-podesta-concern …



SHE'S DONE Mr. President the Alt Right is helping to take her down. We will prevail!!! #OccamsRazor #MAGA #PodestaEmails9
Wiuldnt you know! Obama & Hillary jail time!
No wonder the Obamas are part of the Trump bashing and can they lie as usual,  they got caught now. False people them
Comey has dirty hands too!
commercials. commercials. commercials.
Because she is their "heir to the throne" and they won't let a little email leak get in their way!
I've said this all along.
The cover-up has always been to protect him not her.
Anyone can see she's being protected.
@KellyannePolls 
YOU MUST BE STRONG WITH TRUMP REGARDING 'MASSIVE' LOCAL AD'S. Media faked him out in primary model.
Mmmmmm ... the rank stench of Orangutan desperation ... refreshing!!
She didn't.
Ya think!

build that wall!
Be scared Trumpy be very very scared if they ever leak your campaigns emails
No kidding?
Lock them both up.  Vote Trump
This is exactly what happened. 100%.
You get more pathetic every day. By November 8, you'll be tweeting about aliens stealing the election from you.
surprise?  REALLY?
The invisible elephant in the room everyone knows it but no one will say it!
The whle beauty of it is U cannot hide the elephant frm the American electorate. Everyone else can c the tusks
the Russians are using you as a pawn.
Sen Tim Kain, just stated in a interview, he does not pay attention to email origins when responding to a email, wow,
@deplorables I need a T-shirt but no credit card help please
oh for God's sake, you are just being juvenile and ridiculous, Donald!
POTUS B.O. HAS NEVER Cleaned Up His Act.! WE NEED A Sweet Scented DJT TO BRING A Fresh Fragrance To The OVAL Office; SOON.!
OBAMA AIDING AND ABETTING A CRIMINAL AGAINST AMERICA
Doesn't surprise me at all! He should be incarcerated as well!
#whinylittlebitch #littledick that's over you can't keep the distraction going my pick was bernie but you can't be elected

I wonder what we would find when we see your tax returns, YOUR emails, and the apprentice tapes.
and if you do not win the election then shame on you.
Did you know GWB used private server and deleted 22 million emails? #CutTheBullshit http://www.newsweek.com/2016/09/23/george-w-bush-white-house-lost-22-million-emails-497373.html … #MadamPresident
Your offense says nothing about your proposals for change!  It is fair to say, u don't really have any!
And if need be I hope he "pardons" just to f--n piss you off. That would be sweet. That's if she's done anything to pardon
@kf9ug yes sir thas what's really goin on!
is like a box of chocolates you never know what you going to get.
@GuyChicago5151 Oh Don, we already knew.In the debate,silence her by not stooping to her level. It'll drive her crazy.
8 years of criminal activity covered up by everyone in DC!
The Clintons have racketeered up a LOT of cash, now using it to buy even more influence and power  #MAGA
Unfortunately, at this point, no one seems to care. Complaining is not going to change anything. You've lost focus. Sad.
...what will cnn do next, cartwheels? Anything to control media, I guess.
what a joke. Clintons rotten to the core
#OBUMMERISTHEWORSTPRESIDENTEVER We have to take our country back on November 8th or we are doomed. #GODFORTRUMP #LOVETRUMP
How did China go from having bargain basement Migs to their own stealth fighters? Oh yes, 8 yrs of Obama & Hillary!
https://youtu.be/OCabT_O0YSM 
truth
I AM STILL WONDERING IF THE PEOPLE SUPPORTING YOU ARE TRULY HUMANS WITH HEART OR SOME KIND OF DEMONS FROM HELL VERY SERIOUS
P. T. Barnum made lots of money off his freak show - you will lose big, go bankrupt, IRS will seize the Trump Tower!

Trump's been feted by media as a shiny new object. He's a boring, repetitive, banal mediocrity. His intense stupidity is headline glitter. 
I knew this a long time ago! Why doesn't the average joe see the obvious?
Chris Wallace should bring up corrupt @ClintonFdn where is all $ 4 Haiti? That is important! @FoxNewsSunday should ? her
if anyone has ever wondered how Hitler came into power... #TrumpIsAPredator
after witnessing all this crazy,I now believe when Sadam Hussein used to say his people loved him #PeopleAreIdiots
I'm standing firmly for Trump/Pence. Please try not let HRC, et al  make you lose focus, you're going to win!
L
I'd Like you to Meet Obama's Aunt - She Was Here Illegally Living in Public Housing
@msmaddiejo10 what happened to Bushes Emails
I knew he knew what was going on figured he had a play in cover up
// I realize all this debate stuff is just that however it seems to be War.
That's exactly why Lying Crooked Hillary isn't worried, this Anti-Am # POTIUS will never let her be prosecuted! !
Yeah, And I bet it's all Obama's fault that you regularly commit sex crimes too.  #vulgarpig
I CAN'T SEE A REASONABLE PERSON VOTING FOR THIS LITTLE BABY ALWAYS WHINING AND COMPLAINING.DO YOU THINK AMERICANS ARE FOOLS
I called that one before I even knew about WIKI leaks.   Obama is protecting Hillary..No doubt.
even if it's all true, she's still a better choice.
Another bullshit conspiracy theory with no evidence in Wikileaks. HRC not prosecuted because no email had classified header
Obama is the most respected world leader among world leaders. Wiki emails have not been verified as authentic #KremlinDon
I could have told u that . Actually I did

Asi Es Diga toda la Verdad .#Trump Future Presidente de #USA .
is a #littlebitch.
yep, but doesn't surprise you does it.
She better not avoid it now @realDonaldTrump or 63 mill #MAGAs will be pissed!fire Sessions and start locking them all up or we freak!
Little doubt there was collusion,obstruction...and corruption...it will not go away..she can still be impeached
Obama knew about Clinton's private email server, was routinely corresponding with her on it.
the stench of Corruption from the top down.
you are so correct!
her voters/sensitive society don't care.  If you look bullish, they'll look the other way no matter what. Sorry. It's over
A leak commissioned by Trump with the help of Russian.This is how they deal with infidels like you http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/03/21/the-poisoning-of-ex-kgb-spy-alexander-litvinenko---in-90-seconds/ …

- @wikileaks is a sham. They hide overseas because they get information illegally and because of that, isn't reliable.
No kidding, everyone figured that out weeks ago
Poor @realDonaldTrump.  You really thought your Russian hacker friends and Wikileaks were going to save your ass!  #DontFuckWithTheClintons
@PolitixGal hopefully you can stay focused at next debate and drive that point home.Keep it on issues and HRC corruption
They are in the same boat
Mr Trump you always talk about Hilary's email. Have thought about the fraud you committed at Trump University.
What about the fact that you have run the worst political campaign in a generation?
I don't doubt his involvement, along with his other doings!
vote TRUMP for PEACE or HILLARY FOR WAR! From RUSSIA W LOVE!
.@realDonaldTrump Meanwhile, Hitler has teamed up with the Legion of Doom to assassinate Jesus.
wtf is an email scheme?
Every new day brings a new surprise.I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
make usa and india great again
I knew that
More delusional collusion and conspiracy theories 
You should be in jail for assault + battery, rape and robbery!
We're wondering how you avoid prosecution and that the @FBI hasn't arrested you
Why did Bush avoid his when it was far larger in scope?
I have been saying that Obama and Hillary are two enemies of America. They wear the cloaksof corruption
I don't recall/code for if I answer these questions I am screwed! Lie after lie. 21out of 25 IDR? Ditto for exec/priv. Prez
I hope you don't have the nerve to leak the presidents emails. Can you say TREASON? Why do you make such outlandish claims?
yep, of course ! U must win Mr. Trump. Thx for fighting for us and for ! CA here! Stay strong 
#hillarygroupedme in the bathroom
That's the way to Tweet DT!!!!
