Will you pay for everything out of your charity account?
He mostly uses his charity account to buy things for himself
@washingtonpost Only a fool believes anything the @washingtonpost publishes. They lie for Hillary
Denying everything badly reflecting on Trump is all his supporters do You're a fool
Keith, the MEDIA takes you as a fool for not demanding fair & truthful reporting!
Trump "loves the poorly educated."  He takes YOU for a fool.
1)Hillary already stated that Dems are "Stupid Voters" and 2)He is for everyone
No she didn't. There's no record of her saying that.
If Hillary wins, America &the world loses. She's unfit to be commander-in-chief. Trump the new leader!VOTING
False, we would be saved from destruction. You have to be one of the most unfit candidates in history
are you trolling little one? Get a life,a clue,and dignity,and self respect,and then tweet
Can you provide a source for her stealing billions of dollars or is your claim just bullshit?
What was Benghazi?? What was email scandal?? Are they made up???WTF are you talking about?? Who intervened in MID East???
@realDonaldTrump Those all happened after she was First Lady & they don't prove she stole billions...
This man is a MACHINE!!! Trump was sent by God to save America .Going to be a LANDSLIDE VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!!!
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence

Lol. WTF?

if he cheats his donors don't you think he'll cheat the American people too?
his followers aren't hearing anything, he's their Messiah. Fools
How about he moves HIS OWN fact. back to the U.S. first?
Hypocrite!
then he cant compete with cheap stuff coming in, wages higher
Get real!!!
good luck with that.. Brake a leg.. Sir !!!!
Please ask Hillary if she is tough on vetting immigrants why does she support sanctuary cities for criminal immigrants??
why is no one talking about the first veto override for BO?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2016/01/02/donald-trump-featured-in-new-jihadist-recruitment-video/?postshare=3731474391456188&tid=ss_tw …
Bless you and keep you and all Americans!!
One people!  O I see when you get rid of all of the minorities like when America was great...
America needs a strong, smart, no-nonsense, great negotiator who puts USA citizens safety ahead of "Obama-Clinton Legacy"
I'll never - under any circumstances - be part of any "together" that you intend to bring together. You, sir, are repugnant
FBI Director Comey to Clarify; NO Classified emails on Hillary's Server,NONE https://youtu.be/Bdok3aOoupk   @sgorelick @realDonaldTrump
   Trump!!!
Hey Trump, which purse does Kelly Ann Conway have your balls in today.  You have become weak.  SAD...
No thanks... High Point nor NC are "lost parts" of our nation
the only thing you ever fight about is your bank account. start paying your TAXES and join the rest of the world
Mr Trump , please know I found a video Mr Obama  he was born in Kenya Africa I will be sending it to you
@cnnbrk @HillaryClinton  together? Really? @rudygiulianiGOP tweet that "you don't need blacks, Hispanic or any minorities"
Great !
Be ready with detail plan at debates u know HRC will be ready w specifics
I think when she told you you should apologize for the people that done job's for you that you should have said she should
So disappointed that they never showed the KKK members in robes from your crowd. Thank God David Duke members dress normsl.
Mr.Trump, YOU ARE A MACHINE!!!You make energizer bunny look like a puss. Keep it up and know we the people got your back!!!
"...one American people under Russia. It's a debt I have to pay off, don't worry about it."
totally voting for you. This Monday just rattle Hillary's cage by calling her a liar.
As a truth teller it's incumbent on you to release yr taxes & document yr philanthropy. #TrumpTaxes
#DonaldTrump 'I Will Always Tell You the Truth' Then let him start with his TAXES & CHARITABLE donations #TrumpTaxes http://bit.ly/2b0zQf5 
she should apologize for and to the folks of benghazi
only white privileged white people like you
LOOKING GOOD NORTH CAROLINA. DEPLORABLE HERE FROM OREGON. VOTE TRUMP AND PENCE LETS TURN THE PAGE

You're going to need to fight harder. Fully reject you and your ilk to be the Defender/Leader of USA. GO @HillaryClinton
...Except African Americans, Hispanics, Muslims, Jews, women, the handicapped, veterans, children, the poor, the hungry...
... Fight to bring us together? You? Ha! I love you....you're always lying through your teeth! Sad!
when you make pres.   push congress to allow citizan to pull 10 percent of 401k without penalty. Use raised tax to pay debt
have you seen Hillary's live broadcast of North Carolina what's the deal with that all the cell phones are not showing what
Of course with Skittles.
Self-Made? No. Self-serving? Absolutely. Know the difference
LOVE YOU TRUMP MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!

We love you, Chief! FIGHT ON!!!
Mr. Trump, Monday night be Presidential, take the HIGH road ALL NIGHT, STAY ON POLICY MESSAGE TO HELP WOMEN, BLACKS, ETC !
Now you should have time to talk about the shooting in Tulsa. Of course not he's black.
show the world you are a UNITER and u are for All Americans and so are ur supporters. Have them chant all Americans after u
And Hillary had 50 people at Temple. Trump had over8000 yesterday and big crowds in NC
what will you for us pepperonis
you have a hell of a task,uniting the country, the puppet masters have been eroding our society since the end of WWII
Says the master of divisive chatter. LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Let's face it @HillaryClinton  won the debate and that's the truth. The whole truth and nothing but the truth.
can't wait for the debates..Hillary's only line will be where is your income tax report
Lock  Up Crooked Hillary 
By "neglected part", don't you really mean "morons and racists hiding in their moms' basements"?
FBI Director Comey to Clarify; NO Classified emails on Hillary's Server,NONE https://youtu.be/Bdok3aOoupk   @rvaughanw @realDonaldTrump
You could start by not trash talking half the country in your campaign speeches.
You joking? Hillary exhibits criminals, assassinated those who oppose her like a dictator, "deplorables."
.@jeana_guzman @realDonaldTrump So you agree with me that they are both dividing us?
No I don't. Trump didn't label HRC's supporters, he said he respects them and will fight for them too.
.@jeana_guzman @realDonaldTrump She gave him an opportunity to look like he holds the high ground. You can't argue that he's unifying us.
Joel, before I candidly respond, I want to thank you for your kindness while we've debated. UR a Gentleman!
first try putting your jacket sides together....first you are as divisive as possible and now YOU r brng us together? ugh
High Point made great furniture before NAFTA sucked all the jobs away.  Now we get expensive cheap stuff made in China.
I FIGHT FOR YOUR TAX RETURNS
Got from a friend a story in Hebrew about Hillary's lack of empathy to Israeli terror victims:
You can't even bring your own #republican party together, how do you plan to do it for America?
THE NATION IS BEHIND TRUMP.
As First Lady, she helped ensure full time workers weren't impoverished and she helped pass CHIP
Donald J Trump trump trump trump trump trump trump trump trump trump trump trump trump trump trump trump 2016
im big fan http://of.you . you are gonna win.
@rharrisonfries 
You Will Fight to Bring US together..insulting, name calling, bigotry, lying, POW are losers, immigrants are rapist? Yeah..
Are you legal and OK? So, dont worry, the law protects you ....
All the promises on every subject = OUTRAGEOUS SPENDING! What happened to debt? Republicans are all for it now! #p2 #tcot
the debt that bush and Obama accumulated....right? This country its already a mess and it's not DT fault
TRUMP is a debt machine! lol we see the truth we choose to see!
Except for MUSLIMS, right Don?
THEY have to be in a "database"
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/trump-says-he-would-certainly-implement-muslim-database-n466716 …
It is astonishing that every rally that @realDonaldTrump has held since 6/16 has been jam-packed & overflowing w/supporters. @brunelldonald
not good the current black government  is not doing anything . time for a change !

sign of desperation and lie for your cause who is losing.
really?!??
zero facts not like they crooked and corrupt @HillaryClinton that lies every time she moves her lips-FACTS
um, name a few things that #DonaldTrump has done for people other than him?
The clinical definition of narcissist would not allow DT to help anyone else.
Obama permanently holds the narcissist trophy. It's lost! @MollyJongFast @Time4HRC2Go @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
1/2ALL politicians have their issues, this election is clearly NOT normal, the impact a big worry
would be nice to make Trump furniture there instead of China
if our current government wouldn't extort everyone w/ high taxes. Why do u think everything s made in China?evefood
Top of the list of neglected people: unarmed black men getting murdered by the police. Your thoughts?
how about Americans goin back to work
The unemployment rate has been lowering, but the unarmed-black-man murder rate has not been lowering.
what about the armed black man killing unarmed men
Sure. Many things are on the list of neglected Americans. Seems like you and I disagree about what’s at the top of the list.
more black people die in a week in chicago then die from white cops in a year ... but you don't care about that
Are we both talking about people who are standing still with their hands up, not being threatening?
Flyover country gets first class treatment from @realDonaldTrump too, thats been consistent too! #MAGA #PJNET
Yes, always & sincere. Champion of all.
Agreed, nice to be an equal, huh?:))
The more I learn, the more I realize it's them vs us. & He's one of us- rare & great in any leader today.
It really is US against the UN globalists, and I bet on US!
I do too! It's a real battle. Amazing.
I pity any fool who shows up here wanting to grab guns! A fools errand-so Obonghole will try!
Lies. You don't even believe half of Americans have any inclination to work.  http://thearchive.policrunch.com/index.php?a=track&id=9 … #NeverTrump
@PoliCrunch statistics and experience support that statement! If people wanted work they would be working
So you admit it's Americans inclination to work, not immigrants, right? Or will you change narrative?
I can't speak on the inclination of others just the results and % that work @ not working
Oh ok . Now you can't speak on it? That wasn't the case before I mentioned immigrants. O.O
seig heil! Seig heil!  !Seig heil!
Sure......you will only enrich yourself and your messed up kids
I always had the best sentences. Would leave people speechless.
mr. Trump get me hey boss I will travel around for you with a bunch of people black white Asians Mexican I will spread your
I Live In NC, Ashevillians kinda like You
Go North Carolina!!
High Points greatest scholar @YouWant2KnowMe was not in attendance. I heard he was watching Clinton Cash instead.
#winning 
Donald for President

never trump he is dangerous to our country an he will bring danger
we can feel that from you ! 
Shut Up!
thanks homeslice
Shut up...you are a threat to National Security & should be dealt with harshly #ImWithHer

as evidenced by all the people you've had removed from your rallies #BigOrangeTurd
we don't want u in nc
#loserdonald #weakdonald #laughingstock You just suck.
will you move your clothing manufacturing there?
David Cameron wanted us "In it Together" and look where we are now!
#OTrumpster You will neglect every well-fought for part of this nation?  fight for "every dime"  from the American people?
You can't make your own life ok.In fact straighten out your messes http://1st.You  are mentally sick.
#TrumpPence16 #MAGA WE WILL WIN
Start by accepting the fact that black people born in this country were BORN IN THIS COUNTRY!
Stole $258,000 from Trump Foundation to pay settlements on your business debts https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-used-258000-from-his-charity-to-settle-legal-problems/2016/09/20/adc88f9c-7d11-11e6-ac8e-cf8e0dd91dc7_story.html …
Gee Whiz, you sure as fuk did not reassure the ppl of Flint like that. Con artist Orange man.
You are a joke! You are the most divisive candidate I have ever seen and I've watched for 45 years!
I believe you and you have my vote but don't know why you want the headache.
We weren't as separated until you came into the picture!
give us some idea of what that might look like

Found out today that your foundation is a slush fund used pay legal bills and bribes. #trumptrainwreck #ImWithHer
How? Just answer one fucking question.

Great rally's in NC but please spend >time on how ur policy proposals will MAGA&less time listing all of Hillary's faults.
Does that include the neglected Transgender community in NC?
#ProbablyNot #SouthernComfort
You've never shown any interest in anyone but yourself until you ran for Prez.  #LyinDonald
where are your tax returns?
when are you going to fight for the employees you neglect to pay?
OMG!!! such BS! every day lies piled on top of lies. Pity the dopes who believe one word of it.
Are you going to fight for Native Americans Rights in neglected part of this Nation ???

http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-pipeline-nativeamericans-reroute-idUSKCN11P09K …
How will immigration changes stop THIS man: http://time.com/4500652/houston-bomb-plot-cary-lee-ogborn/ …


China built a wall to protect their border thousands of years ago and it has worked out fine for them - now a tourist attn
yes immigrants are raping the wealth of America and sending it back to Mexico.
.@realDonaldTrump Will U build a WALL around your DEPLORABLE sons?
No, you're dividing us even more.
yea by keeping spreading hate and bullshit fear LYING TAX EVADING RACIST TRUMPET
Clinton can only deride you....Donald the momentum will swing to you.
LIAR and CHEAT. You will be reminded of that everywhere you go.  That is your legacy.  You wear it extremely well!
I love it!!!
yeah yeah yeah... Just like your speeches are soooo uniting!!!!
Mr #tamp don't forget your Promise ISIS eliminating and change all political parties which did not bring the best for Iraq
North Carolina is full of hypocrites they worship abandoning the US yet claim to be real Americans. Trump you sicken me!
" one American people" was never the intention when this country was formed you dope
Another sparse crowd,  BARELY over capacity AGAIN!!!
I used to always work hard getting the last word in. I'd slam the door then 3 min later & one other thing!!slam repeat slam
is homeschooling included in school choice?

with charity money?
"Donald Trump took money other people gave his charity and used it to pay his businesses' fines."
The best thing about being @realDonaldTrump is that no-one can parody him better than the man himself..
you represent everything this great country has always stood against!!-Authoritarian megalomaniac with zero moral compass!
TRUMP THE TWITTER TWIT IN CHIEF!
$258,000

.@realDonaldTrump Refers to High Point as a 'neglected part of the nation'. High Point residents look surprised. Gloom 'n Doom Donald!
b4 u bring ppl together apologize to Hispanics & Latinos 4 calling them criminals & rapist. Pay those u defrauded
my hero!!
... Like a 70's lothario to a 45 year old stay at home mom
#America vs #trump

#Skittles replace Mushrooms

#Nazi Propaganda: "The Poisonous Mushroom"
#Muslims are the New #Jew

@realdonaldtrump
yeah right duck
so bummed in NC had tickets to see TRUMP /Keenansville NC couldn't get in... WE SUPPORT YOU TRUMP!!!
Hum?  Great question?
seems you've neglected to release your tax returns. What are you scared of?
nice trump For helping Us Citizens unite to victory i thinK it's good our YOUth
8 marines died this week say something take the moment peace out
we live you Mr. Trump. Do you think WH BUsh is voting for Hillary to protect Jeb? Jeb's political career is over.
obama legacy for Hillary is gonna help this country bringing poverty up
Higher. Breakin Insurance company,passin cost to us
Together your ass... You have already created wedges btw ppl...
That's what we need....unity! #VoteTrump #MAGA
will you pay your share of taxes, so rest of America doesn't have to pay your taxes.
don't forget your skittles.
#BlackLivesMatter
