Impeach trump IMPEACHYOUYOUYOU IMPEACHYOUYOUYOU resign IMPEACHYOUYOUYOU IMPEACHYOUYOUYOU trump is a racist sexist racist sexist liar liar racist sexist racist sexist liar IMPEACHYOUYOUYOU IMPEACHYOUYOUYOU TRUMP IS A RACIST SEXIST LIAR
Mr. President You do not have to explain or justify anything. You have won and you're representing millions of Americans
...with your constant lying and bullshit
The media won’t report it because IT IS NOT TRUE.  And they don’t print or speak lies.  Unlike our POTUS. THEY only tell the truth as best of their ability, AND if they speak or print a false item they APOLOGIZE.    TOUCHE
You mean your slush fund that funnels money back to you? 

Yep, you're a generous guy.

BTW... glad to see all those prestigious colleges taught you to spell properly.  That worked out well for you.

Where are your tax returns?

#usefulidiot
You used Foundation money to purchase enormous portraits of yourself for your hotels.  
You used foundation funds to make campaign donations to get the Florida case dropped against your fake Trump University.
Tax returns or it didn't happen
@sparksburns Exactly why we need you 2 keep Tweeting & ignore t Liberal Progressive Propaganda Press that continually Lies.
My sentiments, as well, Gary. We've seen behind the curtain of MSM. They are shills for Dems. No thanks. ♡Trump!
As are CNN ABC NBC MSN MSNBC etc.
#ReleaseYourTaxes oh right because you lie!
Fact: Nobody believes you because if your lips are moving, you’re lying.
You know how you could prove your assertion? Show us your taxes so we could see how much you donate to charity. Otherwise, we’re not buying what you’re selling
Get a dictionary or a spelling tutor PLEASE
"Received"
Donny, I want you to write on the whiteboard 500 Times -
“I before E except after C...”
“Received,” Dumbass.
The media doesn’t report your lies as truth. #resist
Prove it you lair!
Release your tax returns to prove this! #moron
I feel your pain, @realDonaldTrump. Many people say I’m the Queen of America — I hear this from MANY people —  but corrupt media won’t report!! 
Lol 
Where's you tax returns, why haven't you released any of that information?
Correct
.@realDonaldTrump Facts say otherwise. But hey, f*** those things, right?!
wow ben...you would be more credible if you were this angry about the clinton foundation
I'm sick of you. Go read @Fahrenthold. He spent the campaign researching Trump's alleged "charity." Geez.
who cares just how much charity he gave. How much did you give?
You're missing the point: Trump's alleged "charity" is fraudulent. That's bad.
and you should know, right?
Yes...you should think that's bad, too. To take advantage of donations and causes?
I don't pay attention to the far left lies and propaganda doesn't make it true.
I before e, except after c
Correct
It’s I before E except after C, Mr. President. Didn’t Putin provide you with an English-Russian dictionary?
You are too funny :)
do you ever stop whining? Jesus fucking christ, what a little baby.
That would be NO
we who voted know you're the 1!#MameAmericaGreatAgain
Media DID as there was NOTHING to report! You say you give - don't-the ppl who call you out are the nasty ones. *mind trick
tax returns please sir
Sounds like something you could prove by releasing your taxes to me.

TOTAL LIAR!
Show your tax returns to prove it. RECEIVED! Get a spell checker!
Me thinks the Foundation contributes to Trump in a very deceptive way.  #ShowusyourTaxes
bullshit
PROVE IT, SHOW YOUR TAXES.

Because you won't provide verification. Only your word, which has been proven to be worthless #TrumpLiesAbout donations
"His foundation gave $135,000 to charities of past presidents, including $110,000 to the William J. Clinton Foundation in 2009 and 2010, just as Hillary Clinton was beginning her term as Secretary of State under President Obama." - Forbes 2/9/2017
waaaah!
America and the world call Bullshit trump.
good job ! god bless you .
Oh, John. Don’t be so naive.
show the country and all of us people the proof you lieng ass bastard
The only way to prove it, is to release all of your tax returns.  Otherwise, it is just hot air coming out of your twitter feed.
produce your tax returns to prove it, otherwise, it didn't happen.
.@realDonaldTrump You're a psychotic liar. I guess the painting of yourself was a charitable expense. People laugh at your childishness.

Media is showing themselves as dishonest! Keep tweeting truth
prove it
You gave millions of dollars to your OWN FOUNDATION? That's really the best you could come up with? Loser.
Really? When? 
#UniteBlue @cspanwj #humor
so you say. Prove it.
scamming Americans again . Sad
Remember, "i" before "e" except after "c". You misspelled received, Sir.
You only gave a few thousand $$. Stop lying you insecure brat.
why do we have to hear about every time you donate to charity have some class and do it on the down low
Liar
https://youtu.be/JKS3WXR2dqY  #ImpeachTrump #DOLT45 #Moron #Dotard
Why you doin' April Fools Day jokes already?? Dummy
Hey Donald-here's a simple mnemonic that might help (you're about at a third grade level, so this should work for you)-"'i' before 'e' except after 'c', or when sounding like 'a', as in 'neighbor' or 'weigh'. Hope this helps. #Presidementia
Yeah, we would all like you to use spellcheck. For real. Or just stop tweeting.
I before e, except after C. Embarrassment to the max
Given your penchant for lying, I’d say this is probably not true. Btw it’s i before e, except after c.


"Usually" the media only reports on verifiable information, not just on the (questionable) word of someone with no proof.
Probably, the proof is in your taxes ??!!
"We know Trump’s lying, the Trump Foundation has already admitted that some of its money covered non-charitable expenses."
by "charity" you're referring to YOUR pockets right? How about you report things yourself, starting with tax returns.
I before E, except after C
Here's a little trick I learned in grammar school, I before E except after C.
I'm  sure the majority of it was $ owed u and you never pd taxes-release your tax returns
Check out the reporting by @Fahrenthold. He'll give you lots of information about your shady charity.

I thought you had the biggest and best brain?
Trump's charitable foundation, which last year admitted violating federal rules on "self-dealing," is in the process of dissolving.. @RWPUSA
show the world 1 cancelled check! Oh, and your tax returns.
Maybe not on your lapdog Faux News but everyone else will be reporting it when NY AG's indictments come down and show your utter contempt for the people served by charities, the IRS, etc. #sad

Someone buy DT a dictionary. He needs a 2nd grade primer on some basic words/concepts such as: lie, facts, deceit...
We the people know this !
Some of us that pay attention.
You used donations to buy portraits of yourself and they hang in your resorts. ILLEGAL! #ImpeachTrump
tiny tantrum. Tell me more about your emotions, Don.
Can u stop talking about urself?GOP doesn't want u 2 know Obamacare is good cause u would keep it.
Didn't they teach you "I before E except after C" in college?
Like the millions you gave to vets? Oh, right, you didn't. #NotMyPresident #TooStupidToLead
Media report facts, you don't.

show us the proof, then it may get air time.
In this case, I think the media is distracted by you having admitted fault and shutting the foundation down.
The #LiarInChief is at it again. He averaged $183,000/yr to his foundation. Pitiful for a man of his wealth.
you lie. End of story.
SHOW US YOUR TAX RETURNS.  Your word is shit.
Oh they reported the money you received into your charity. Too bad you only gave yourself credit.
You haven’t given anything to anybody. Show us your tax returns.
OMFG!!!!

You are president of the United States and you don’t know i before e except after c rule of basic spelling and grammar?

RECEIVED you creep.
because you won't report it. Disclose your taxes and prove it. So sad! #twat
Easy! Show them your tax returns to prove it. Simple as that. *RME*
Its spelled " received "
release your taxes if you want us to believe you donated anything
You haven't donated your own money to your own charity in a long time, Donald, so STOP...FUCKING...LYING!!! You have other people give to it, but not you.
Ummm, no you didn’t. Your foundation was a scam and is currently under investigation. Signed - Reality
show your taxes so that we can see for ourselves!!! LIAR!!!!
Mr Supposed Icon of the Western World... "i" before "e", except after "c".  Where did you school?!  Trump University??
Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar
ever notice how most of your statements are about you?ever hear of basic human psychology?YOU need 24hr validation. #issues
Prove it. Let’s see those tax returns.
.@realDonaldTrump That's FALSE. This is true: you used OTHER PEOPLE'S money given to your charity to buy this $12K #TimTebow helmet.
Don't forget the painting of himself!
Bragging is very unbecoming of a president, but then everything you do is unbecoming @realDonaldTrump 
#Trump #ThursdayThoughts #ThursdayMotivation #TheResistance #BlueTsunami2018 
Уважаемый господин президент! Я уверен в том что Вы честный человек и ни кто меня в этом не переубедит.Удачи Вам.
I call bullshit again. It's not their job to report: it's your job to prove. #PotemkinPresident
Show your taxes
You are a pathological liar, and smart people know it.
If you could employ me to write love notes for you. I am a writer now, and I'd be wealthy if I'd ever considered lying..

Your Foundation has been suspended and is under investigation by the State of NY you lying sack of dog crap 
quote frojm WT 12/30 ‘We ought to get on with our lives’ - give it up already - prove it!
i before e, except after c.... sir.  And BTW, #ReleaseYourTaxes
LIA
Liar! Reign!
.@realDonaldTrump Tax returns would help
and having a soul also.
Of course not they are losers and can't admit it.  I notice that almost all of them are on Facebook and you can't block.

Probably because the real media actually checks sources - and they can't find anyone who will verify your lies! Ooh sorry did I say lies - I meant your account of how things went! Nah, I meant your lies!
Are you giving to the needy & underprivileged out of the goodness of your heart?

Or because you crave acknowledgement?

SO needy...
show us the proof! You lie about everything and do not trust a word that comes out of that tiny mouth. Liar!
Did you use the money you raised to pay off lawsuits or expand your golf courses?
Yea ok, Mr. Self-dealer
“I” before “e” except after “c.”
, #NarcissistInChief
Mr.President, stay strong America needs you. I pray everyday for the safety of you and your family. Obama is a evil sicko
Please show proof that YOU PERSONALLY put money into the DJT Foundation. You know, perhaps with your taxes. You won’t because you’re lying.
Once again, you have used a number and it is an outright LIE

Received*
You have not given any money. You know that and so do we!
I'm sure, after you're dead, people will be queueing up with tributes to your magnanimity. Until then, prove it.
...and what sort of man boasts about how much he gives to charity anyway?
Where are the receipts? Funny there are no records of those donations!
I claim to have gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, which raised or recieved millions more, all of which is given to an unnamed charity. None of this can be proven and therefore the real news won’t take my word. #fixitforyou You really suck at this.
mr

I before E, EXCEPT after C, dotard.  FFS, even my 8 year old grandson knows that.
Whenever you say or tweet anything all I hear is blah, blah, blah...
liar
prove it!
What were the charities? Those your son embezzled from? The portrait, the football, the payoff to the AGs, what were those charities?
all these Dcf contractors are just trying to get paid they could care less about.my kids and I. Please pray.for us.
tell it to Bill Clinton
If U have to brag about what U give then it's not from the heart and U expect something for it.
disclose your tax returns a-hole
You are a liar and you have smaller hands than most four-year-olds.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/a-portrait-of-trump-the-donor-free-rounds-of-golf-but-no-personal-cash/2016/04/10/373b9b92-fb40-11e5-9140-e61d062438bb_story.html?utm_term=.c4d68044dc61 …
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/trump-promised-millions-to-charity-we-found-less-than-10000-over-7-years/2016/06/28/cbab5d1a-37dd-11e6-8f7c-d4c723a2becb_story.html?client=safari …
but but but you lie
still waiting for list of charities you gave money to and how much. Theycould really use the publicity

