.@realDonaldTrump Aren't big lines a good thing? That means that there's strong voter turnout. Or is that what scares you?
You said it here! We should probably investigate the fraud in Texas!
It's called #GeorgeSoros's corrupt SMARTMATIC BRAND voting machines. DO NOT USE THEM. Demand paper ballots! @realDonaldTrump
The company isn't owned by Soros and the machines won't even be used in this year's election.
Get your facts straight. http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/george-soros-connection-between-voting-machines-revealed … @wthrockmorton
I have. Why would the GOP election officials in Texas lie about the voting machines?
I am putting a stop to you spewing lies in my tweets. BLOCKED --> @wthrockmorton
bwahaha. Blocking out those gently pointing out the truth doesn't alter reality.
Truth verses brainwashed. I prefer truth and, unlike you, I am on the right side of it. @ianjmatt @wthrockmorton
@IAmJohnSparks Is this true?
Have you heard anything about vote flipping PRECIOUS @GloriaCampos and what is that??:):)
that's what's I'm wondering about
Felix if anyone would know it will be Glo! Have never heard of it.
I will follow her for all future updates
She's a terrific person to follow Felix.
You are truly blessed, as God send you amazing people
you are crazy
It must have been #Rigged since you won there. No?
GOP limiting early voting, shutting down polling places, causing long lines. That's the true "rigged election". @realDonaldTrump
http://www.npr.org/2016/10/26/499450796/some-machines-are-flipping-votes-but-that-doesnt-mean-theyre-rigged … Not "a lot" but a "hand full". Solution: Don't press the straight party ticket. Vote on each race.
Someone said said there rigging the system 4 Crooked Hillary, Sad world we live in when cheaters & Liars right the system
hoax
you mean BIG-ly lines
send those Mexicans back to cuba.
really? Sending the Mexicans to Cuba? Then send the Cubans to China?Chinese to Africa?
someone on your team should be dedicated to STOPPING this voter fraud that is taking place. Please before it's too late!
.
.
.
.
The FAIRCOUNT card

http://tpartyus2010.ning.com/profiles/blogs/the-faircount-card …
.
.
.
.
Texas here standing in line now waiting to vote. Only 2 votes matter that's Trump & Pence. Deplorable will keep an eye out
You are correct, the deck is stacked.  Be cautious!
vOTNG MACHINES IN 16 STATES MADE BY COMPANY WITH CLINTON TIES.
The Texas thing I would call #ElectionRigging in this case anyway
people cant wait to vote for Hillary!   #nevertrump
- I bet you'd find this helpful:

it's okay just watch your CNN and MSNBC because they know everything, they are in control and you just keep being a sheeple okay
total mental midget ^^^ right there
obama LIE when he said he learned about hillary emails this man must go to Prison with hillary lynch & comey
Donald Trump Wrote About Hitting on Kelly Preston in  Memorial to Her Son Jett Days After His Death http://a.msn.com/0A/en-us/AAjrXwH?ocid=st …
Not wanting criminal illegal aliens in our country is not racism, try again.
.@astrosoxx Saying you won't rent to blacks or Puerto Ricans is racist. Having the casino floor cleared of  @ManLikeWatson @realDonaldTrump
.@astrosoxx all black employees before you enter is racist. Saying you don't want black people counting  @ManLikeWatson @realDonaldTrump
.@astrosoxx your money is racist. As is following it up with, "The only kind of people I want counting my @ManLikeWatson @realDonaldTrump
...money are short guys that wear yarmulkes every day. Those are the kind of people I want... @astrosoxx @ManLikeWatson @realDonaldTrump
counting my money. No one else." Saying blacks are lazy is racist. Saying that an NA nation @astrosoxx @ManLikeWatson @realDonaldTrump
doesn't look like "real Indians" is racist. Saying Mexico is sending rapists is racist. @astrosoxx @ManLikeWatson @realDonaldTrump
You're lies will be responsible for some ugly things done in your name.
what happened? You suck
#HillarysBullies
#CrookedHillary APPROVES OF PAID RIOTERS ATTACKING WOMEN #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
that is str8 bs and the idiots want Hillary2win wake up America if u r broke now wait until nov 9 if she wins
. God help us if Nov 9th we wake up to another Clinton POTUS. KMN!
Your supporters are as paranoid as you.
We are in San Antonio and will be requesting paper ballots.
I voted in Collin County on computer voter's machine it was straight Republican. it said TRUMP Pence on double .  submit!
Flipping on screen but reg. as the vote you push. Ya right here we go again.
you are just creating uncertainty,  destabilizing the harmony
It is over you orange hunk of goo
call the FBI
What's going on is you are not wanted in Texas or anywhere else for that matter , besides in Russia grabbing Putin's penis
stop lying.
What's going on is massive Democratic turnout, Donnie! See where Ayres called your campaign "strategically mindless"?!
I heard that too so if it's a concern I would advise people to request a write on ballot
@LindaSuhler 

The cheaters are desperate and busy doing their dirty work, that's been their modus operanda since the 40's
Good morning Mr. President!!! Have a wonderful day. 
Blessings from Brazil.
ha!  Keep dreaming.
Dreaming of what?
he'll never win because. He is hugely unpopular.
But I did not say; 'Good morning Mr. President of the USA.'
He is president of The Trump Organization conglomerate is not it?
lol..maybe..
My supporters are doing the groundwork to prop up my conspiracy theories to suppress liberal voters on the fence! Pathetic
The Republican-controlled voting booths in Texas are now all rigged against me also. VERY UNFAIR! @realDonaldTrump
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
There is NOTHING rigged.  You can't stand to lose.  Grow up and face facts for a change!
Breaking it down Trump-O.
Is it possible the the "rigged" election guaranteed a Trump win and "fraud" was the only way to beat rigging?
Remarkable how the illegal vote change only goes to the democrat side. Fraud, yes definitely.
So who is whining and stamping their feet. The ignorance is shown on college campuses and educators, or should I say dumb downers.
ENERGY SECRETARY  JAMES L CONNAUGHTON
it's all your paid Russians trying to vote.
This needs to be addressed,maybe Bush Family is behind it. Maybe it's Jeb Bush's way of getting back at you! I VOTED TRUMP
great for you!!! Go Trump!!!!
Maybe send the same investigators you once sent to Hawaii to look into @POTUS' birth certificate to Texas to find out?
A reporter? Why don't you research @wikileaks & @Project_Veritas We don't trust you people.
What do you mean 'you people'?
Marxist journalists. The 'brown shirt' propagandists for the DNC
when old people discover wikileaks via Trump... lol
No mind, Young Democrats today have been so indoctrinated that they r NO LONGER Ameri. They r Marxists
I'm Australian. laughing at trumptards from a distance :)
YOU have nothing to do with our politics. GFY. YOU DON'T KNOW U.S.
Stop whining about random anecdotes in Texas you big baby.
#hillbullys #hillarysbullies #clintonbully Can't help themselves, just have to insult people.
: @CityColleyville had voting machine malfunction late yesterday. Everything is back up and running today. #TarrantCounty
no mate..officials confirmed it was due to the fat thumb of the voter covering both boxes
maybe they're doing it on purpose because republicans would be more likely to leave since we don't put up with SHIT
Gee little Jeff... Again... What was that??
Lmfao!!!! #Where'sHillary
http://www.snopes.com/texas-vote-switching/ … I mean, if you really think the Board of Elections in TEXAS is rigging 4 HRC, you really are nuts.
SNOPES AND FACT CHECK HAVE BEEN LYING, THEY ARE LEFTYS THAT OWN THE SITES
You're a cunt. That's what's going on!!!
says the 5 year old...
DON'T MESS WITH TEXAS!!!!
Dems are flipping #Texas blue. It's big league. #Hillary will win bigly come November 8. #NeverTrump #TexasForHillary #vote
You are joking , Hillary will fall into a pit of hell.
Not likely. #Hillary gets to 272 electoral votes without even breaking a sweat. #NeverTrump #Hillary2016 #Trump
Pls where did she get 272 from on MSM mega phone or on polling boot?
Road to 270: CNN's general election map - http://CNNPolitics.com 
Clinton News Network? Your are brain dead, we are taking our county back from globalist and pay to play
Oh, you hurt my feelings.
Maybe u are among the women pointing accusing finger at Trump while the rest is pointing at them? Repent
I'll be watching closely as I cast my vote for you in Chicago today.
watching for what exactly? And if you SEE whatever you're "watching" for what will you do?
Watching for electronic machine to switch vote, which I've seen videos of online. Can't be too careful in this corrupt city
I've seen videos of aliens online. They are about as real as this con man's claims of rigged machines.
I'm not thinking rigged, I'm thinking bad technology.
I worry about my vote. Even though majority in my town want you.
need an investigation. Go Donald!  See you in PB the southern White House winner
you losing,the real truth,
should add Attorney General Lynch to the list of people headed to jail.
liar
They should get
It RIGHT. Thanks. 
https://youtu.be/olTxxRpnE9k 
Liar ... 5 minutes in and out ... downtown Houston #BiglyLoser
I think it would throw Crooked for a loop if you could convince  @BernieSanders to be Secretary of Education.
Either you don't know the myth of voter fraud has been  THOROUGHLY debunked, or you're a liar: https://www.brennancenter.org/analysis/debunking-voter-fraud-myth …
Watching Trump's campaign, truth obviously doesn't matter.
I signed a petition 2 have paper ballots instead of the soreo machines. We r trying 2 put a stop 2 voter fraud. Sent to WH
People are coming out in record numbers to keep your ass out of office. Congrats, you're the monster from Watchmen
the system is rigged so Hillary could get in. Bs
http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/28/politics/fbi-reviewing-new-emails-in-clinton-probe-director-tells-senate-judiciary-committee/index.html?adkey=bn …
WATCH YOUR VOTES PEOPLE!
Straight out of Putin's playbook, so predictable. Ask Stone, he knows all about rigging elections
You brought out all the technically challenged  to vote!
hahaha YeS! Start making excuses ahead of time. Good plan!
why don't you go to Russia
Ask the Texas secretary of state.
Hi dude, you're a loser. You turned modern day politics to name calling. You got no policies only tweets
That's big lines of people voting to stop you from winning and destroying the US. That'what's happening....
quit whining. It doesn't become you...nothing does.
It's not rigged like you're insinuating, @realDonaldTrump. You're really just that close to losing a solid Republican state.
Surprise! Democrats are voting for Hillary! In Texas. #womenwillstopTrump #ZeroHispanicVotes4Trump
you are a republican - u should know your party uses voter suppression tactics....#NeverTrump
It is not deliberate it is happening on the other side it is the machines and voters have time to correct their votes.

Wikileaks Email: Clinton Operative Thinks “Black Voters Are Stupid” - http://www.infowars.com/wikileaks-email-clinton-operative-thinks-black-voters-are-stupid/ … #PodestaEmails20 
talk about this @seanhannity so more people can know...
what is vote flipping ?
What's #voteflipping ?
You're losing, that's what's going on. BIG lines because America is coming out to vote against you.
Gov Abbott Got It All Squared Away, Voted Today No Glitches!
I have a big question. What are they doing with the flipped votes. Are the standing, corrected or voided?
problem is so many people have caught this happen what about the flipped votes that we overlooked. Void entire early votes.
You can thank your Republican cronies for that.
what's going on? You're losing in a red state and whining about it.
We need to have all states go to paper ballots to make sure voting doesn't flip. It may take longer, but it's fair.
gee Donald if you hadn't blocked @AdamWolf77 maybe he wouldn't have voted for HRC twice!
He blocked me but in his defense I am the worst.
@smartmatic #lordmallochbrown  aka Soros "best man" controls voting machines in 16 U.S. states!!??
George Soros owns those machines. Flipping on purpose. Fight it by getting paper ballot.
rigged
Soros voting machines, in 16 states.
Please cite sources. Who is calling-in where? What people aren't happy? "people are telling me" you're a demagogue
OMG the USA is as corrupt as UK the corrupt scumbags need locking up once & for all.
in Georgia votes are being flipped to trump according to AJC. Yeah WTF? #voterfraud #nevertrump #ImWithHer #DonaldTrump
DNC - Hillary cartel - Soros machines jacking it up. #draintheswamp
perhaps you are just losing!
Clinton corruption!
You're a sexual predator!!! You think your wealth and fame allows you to do anything....maybe, but it's not right.
talk to my uncle retired FBI and US Air Force. His vote changed over to Obama  three times in last election.
@KellyAnnePolls @Mike_Pence Beware Polling Tricks Caused By Clinton Insiders Watch "Cali UNCOUNTED"
We need to be one step ahead of Killary.
#VoteTrumpPence16
I believe you should address people that doesn't support Clinton or you,
Truth is trying to get your attention!
Yeah and people trying to vote for you twice. Vote rigging? Only on your side.
looser and sexual predator !
The machines could work perfectly and you are still going to lose big time.  You are a total loser.  Orange Makeup Con Man
it's our right to demand paper ballots
an election...dude

what criminal cases can be investigated first. Do you think
you can best your butt Hillarys people have something to do with it!
False
I'm taking a big poop is what's happening.
I doubt it's intentional. Good heads up for people to pay attention.
U lie to the American people every single day when U say UR going to bring jobs back to the US.
U are a liar from the womb. U are a rogue and so u think everyone and everything is crooked. The results on Nov 8 coming
i know i herd that tòo.
Ever hear of Gems (machine software) Fraction Magic? Bill Clinton was honorary chair of Gems. And
Swing States use Soros Voting Machines with Gem Fraction Magic software that can fractionalize votes #riggedelection http://blackboxvoting.org/fraction-magic-1/ … 
Bill Clinton got 5.6 mil in speaking fees from GEMS and donations to Clinton Foundation.  So what is hidden in Gems?
after all these months I still have NO idea what "make America great again" means! Besides a tag line.
i meab we need a list of court cases. Including death undrr suspicious circumstances of cettain people
breaking records with voter turnout in Texas  ~ I am sure to support Donald Trump and get him in office!
#arrest all invoved election rigging start with HRC
A rigged election
GRAB EM BY THE PUSSY TRUMP 
once again you spoke prophetically and evidence followed
Praying they get them fixed and we have honest vote in Texas.
Praying for our Country and Trump! May God's guidance & blessings be upon you!
Smartmatic = George Soros=vote flipping=corruption! When voting ask for paper ballet.
I waited in line yesterday to cast my vote intentionally for HRC/straight Democratic ticket. So have many fellow Texans!
crooked Killery is responsible
dems are terrorist
Republican officials better look at this! What are they doing about this?
Republicans are at the helm of the election in Texas. You aren't this naive. What is going on?
Can you explain why, in a staunchly republican state, would the state machines be flipping the votes to democrats? 
you are a DISASTER
I think these are the same people who claimed the "dog ate their homework." They chickened out, and just didn't vote for you.
What's going on is that we are getting exactly what the Clinton Camp paid for.  Corruption and a rigged election.
You know damn well. Same thing happened in Wisconsin in the primary...if YOU WIN, we know you had help. Nobody trusts you
Hillary cheating that is going on. To support saudi arabia and qatar Hillary will take us to WWIII if she wins by anyway
More BS from you- LOSER!!!!!
You should say: Hilary, the only thing 30 years of public service taught you was "How to get away with it"
Yep, I informed Fox News (Bret Baier) of what I was hearing in Chambers County and also in Sherman, TX.
what's going on is they don't want you to win! We do!
they're voting for HER?! 
loser Trump. What a fool.
#ElxnFRAUD Registering dead ppl, illegals, prisoners, mentally ill, foreigners, non citizens! STOP Dirty Dems #RiggedSystem
whats going on is you jumping like a trained chimp at an opportunity to scream fire just because someone lit a match
Probably voter suppression tactics orders by Republicans.  Go after them Donnie!
voted in Texas today. Walked right in. No line. Paper ballot. Was smooth and easy
Nothing is going on, your fans are just really stupid, probably can't read
Hillary is doing what she's been consistently doing since Iowa: Cheating.
I hear you want the Elections cancelled not in your lifetime buddy boy.  Why don't you move to Russia with your pal Putin
thats how u talk to my people great plan for my people bk ny Farrakhan said vote trump I vote trump
I'm not a big fan of you but you seem like a much better choice than Hilary
Why is this only happening Republican run states? How can you run the country when you can't manage to repair machines @GOP
maybe Cruz can help figure out what is going.
That;s called Democrats voting for @Hillaryclinton and riding the Blue wave crushing Republicans!
except these 'BIG lines' you can't sniff. #snifflegate
@MorganHodges1 
we have to find out WHAT IS GOING ON
hahaha it just doesn't get old
...would love to hear from Trump's ex-wives - he must have them boxed in with legal threats.  Gonna cut off their money ?
I've heard a lot of this is going on and they are telling people its user error!
Mr.Trump, you must win. We cannot allow the deception of Hillary to win (1Corinthians 14:38, 2Timothy 4:3).
Come on Trump, yo know the dems do everything to steal the election..I thought you would be smarter..play smarter & dirtier
no vote flipping...just your supporters being too intellectually challenged to follow the basic instructions on how to vote
Sounds like Republican obstruction and suppression to me. Usually what causes long frustrated lines.
absolutely nothing. Voter error. Call an official if you are having any issues. Move on.
and you are broke
. The same in New Hangover and Columbia Counties in NC, same excuse.
kick those democrats ass!! :-)
you're going to lose Texas you idiot there's no cheating rigging voter fraud you're just getting beat!!!!!
I certainly hope they are looking into this. Cheating is not democracy.
Hit Hillary hard on the new email scandals than move on to the issues people want to hear about. Go Donald J. Trump
