You’re struggling aren’t you. Mueller on the mind?
when commercial agendas bought to control america's elections... fraud corruption unconstitutionality ='s treasons!
Mr elected president please stop the communist worldwide!socialism is all poor but them! Reward the lazy punish work! Wk up
WTF are you talking about? This is 2017. You're writing as if it's 1957. 

There is no 'communist worldwide socialism'. The effort to spread socialism died when the Soviet Union collapsed in late 80s/early 90s. You need to acquire different sources of info for your world view.
@mike_pence @Reince The Democratic Party is no longer a party for the people, they left us out in pursuit of power.
You lost the popular vote by 2 million + votes. More than even Bush.
So what does the popular vote have to do with it.  In the USA we use the electoral college to decide who the next president will be.  Trump won fair and square.  It has been over a year, please stop whining and crying because your candidate did not win!
The Democrats are a bunch of hypocrites. Jill Stein is the cause of this. #WITCH
the Dems won the Popular vote , FOOL.It's easy to see that you were never disciplined early enough in life to help you any.
Excuse me....don't you have a country to run?
get on with the conference! I'm anxious to hear plans for American not griping. Address false reporting at the end.
@VermillionRich WE THE PEOPLE USA FOCUS ON #MAGA & WANT WASHINGTON CORUPT POLITICIANS SHUTUP BS & GET 2 WORK 2 #MAGA GBA
Mr Trump  Please Help us I broke my leg & no social security check my husband had stroke & heart attack we need help
stop twetting you show just how much people hate you i just don't like you and never will you lie
Not after they found out Trump was telling the truth, that the election really was rigged. By Putin.
I gave 10,000.00 and no Thank You!!! Thank you president-elect Donald Trump!!!!!
hello
Incredible posts, we as a nation are in a crisis due to Obama, Holder, Lynch, and Hillary n Bill?  GTFO
when u come to the place were u think ur all alone, God is there, talk to him & listen
notice me senpai
well Mr. President u have to consider the source. Illegals. Corruption. Fake lies. Propaganda I could go on
Okay. We believe you. Election was rigged. He who smelt it, dealt it.
Merry Christmas
where did your tweets go? 
well trump supporters still want you and love you
Obama want ppl killing each other on streets declare martial law and stop @realDonaldTrump to take over/same old game #Cuba
is like the same fault of Venezuela cuba Colombia Brasil Argentina disgrace is the imperialism yankee! Now Russia on USA 
americanos gringos wake up!u should be ashamed to play this game with Castro! Now the cause of America falling is Putin? 
Trump is our president/punishment vote for socialist Muslim failed the Americans same script from Castro! Russia attack 
ppl stop this craziness like Venezuela retards believe USA is the maker of poverty attacks!fudge gringos are smarter? Wk up
The President of our country doesn't need to be on Twitter! This is so silly!!
2.7 million votes.
Your work ethic is so exemplary. Look at Hitlery just like Kapernick (49’r) sits on their butt and gas about this n that!
I get it..you can't string a thought together if it goes over the characters permitted in twitter.
you continue to project ALL of your own deceitful LIES...Who are you kidding?...you r pathetic...a tyrant and a traitor
wow can you get any more childish? Is that sings of dementia may be, twitting like a 6 year old... ñaña ña ña ña ña
Don't forget, you also changed your tune about the elections being rigged :)
various frend kudstan
way to call them out for the same thing you would have done.  Please keep this up of you want to divide America even more.
you so fing right to the victors go the spoils great job with Boeing they have been robing us blind for years
recount is in the works and tax payers will have to pay ....
I don't think so, It was a gross mistake when Trump was elected. Our country needs to wake up.

you suckasshole
Goes to prove they cant be honest about anything !!!
as sure as the sun will set tonight Mr Trump you would have not accepted the results if you won by 2.5 mil votes and lost.
DEMS ARE LIARS & PHONIES AT BEST!!
Stop making anti Democrat comments--many of them got you elected bc you successfully brainwashed them against Hillary.
wish to join in your ceremony January when we going in white house but need you to promote me to join this ceremony
.ļmmo
You called it rigged. Now we're counting. Scared yet?
It is interesting that the media or the so called "Fourth Estate" elites have missed this point.
and you said you would contest it if you lost. So stop calling the kettle black.
SORE LOOSERS- no surprise. Just pathetic..
Democrats always try to change the narrative to fit their reality
you are the epitome of everything that is wrong in the world.
25th amendment Trump. Countdown to impeachment to begin in 18 days
Dems thought that the national majority vote would be enough. Won that but miscalculated the P.E. vote 4 you. (U love them)
#Trumpgret
What about Kris Kobach for Homeland Security? Strong immigration guy. @AnnCoulter has made some good points about him.
I accept the popular vote results. You are the one denying them the the petulant child you are (and tiny hands to boot!)
wrong.
“I would remind everybody that the original source of the allegation that this election was rigged was Mr. Trump,”
hey hypocrite, what did you say when (wrongly, as usual) thought Romney won the popular vote? Brain as small as his hands!
and when you thought you were going to lose, you said you weren't going to accept the results
It backfired, big time!
can you please stop tweeting nonsense and try to act Presidential....I think you have a mental disorder & are unable...
Please someone take his phone away!  Moron that probably thinks it's Moran like his voters!
die, die, die
We did win. By ~2.5M votes. So move on. HELP poor people and you will become the winner you want so badly to be. Please.
@JohnSqu48317364 No, Donald. You are the one complaining about mass voter fraud with NO EVIDENCE.
from don l, do what you think is right,  not what your advisors advise??
the most hypocritical individuals in the world, are liberals.
God, bestow Your wisdom on Donald and keep his steps from faltering. Amen
They can't acccept the fact you are the President
Really, says the man who stated the only way he would accept the results is if he won? Hypocrite.
he played the game according to the liberal's rules.... AND THEY STILL LOST
No.  They said not to reject the vote before it happened and not to make up fraud.  Recounting when close is normal.
@TeamTrump stated the election was rigged, we are just using your logic and words. Be careful with your words.
http://www.gotclicks1.com/B2NgrlEqSAbW 
President Trump what a great sound!  Thank God you WON!
If Twitter bans Donald Trump....I'm going with him
@Monkeysaturday Their hypocrisy is shocking.Weve never seen such lying.
, no more cars on gas, let's save US by public transportation and electric/ hydrogen cars. Wind mills, solar power. Thanks.
That's a true statement!
This former Democrat understands exactly what your saying ! Thanks Again for Your Focus !
perfect, The big problem for USA WILL be if you can't do what you said, NOT if you can do what you said...!!
YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE CAUSE MOST OF US DONT LIKE YOU! Recount, recount, recount!
One America news was just bragging about your intelligent smart experience people around you that you picked
They don't play fair. Please be careful.  This country needs you.
horrified hillary  horrified that Trump kicked her ass at the polls  raggedy liar
sore losers they need to shutup
The democrats didnt start the recount Trump. FACE IT!! MOST PEOPLE DON'T LIKE YOU AND YOU CANT HANDLE THAT. #GROWUP
thank you!  I am originally a Hoosier and I appreciate what you are doing to help our great country!
@NormanDeArmond And when you thought you were going to lose, you called the election rigged.
taking a page out of your playbook? You KNOW you would being doing worse if you lost.
oh come off it
what there lying machines did not come through
Scared of what they'll find, old man? #Russians
You're the one who said it was rigged. So, let's find out! #liar #crybaby #tweetslikeateenagegirl #bully
Provided that there is no actual indication for manipulation, needless to say.
I hope now you are the President you don't forget the treatment from the Media and the establishment,We the people remember
AND they loved the electoral college before their blue wall collapsed!
Typical Democrats...maybe time to rethink the prosecution of crooked Hillary
Why@are you so worried? Are you not so confident about the result yourself?
you're gonna lose because you're a loser
Remember. ..this time YOU are the Apprentice.  Listen and learn. #YoureFired
remember when you were a dem? Bridge the gap and use your power to fix some ills.
榆林市千佳艺术培训学校支持您！ – at ドコモショップ 秋葉原UDX店
So tired of all the bs. Shut up and do your job.
US INTELL says Russia interfered with election; u colluded with Putin-quid pro quos-committed treason; a traitor to US
支持你，我是中国人
Kind of ironic then that you said you wouldn't accept the vote if you lost which technically you did #PresidentDrumpf
#stoplying 2millions votes say different
LEFT MISLEAD BY DISHONEST MEDIA as usual #Left falls for it HOOK LINE AND SINKER ignoring ALL FACTS- LYING/LEGAL and FRAUD.
you are not my president
@Trump4Hope  they knew the polls were fake. They thought  by making it look good for Crooked Hilary more ppl would vote dem
@babysgramma good morning sir
you will never unite the country the way you speak of Democrats, others. You are only out for you & your own. Divider.
Stop tweeting already! 
Jean Georges very overrated by the way. Went , was very disappointed, no chicken nuggets on menu
we all know she is a liar by trade. Don't end up like her. Keep your word.
let's see who laughing when all y'all gov workers who voted for him cut your jobs. Yeah real change. Hillary trash too
Lol
Bullshit. You're the one who cried RIGGED now crying foul. You're going sell America.
nope, not aince we are seeing that you and your goons may have tampered with election results.
Mr Trump
I trust you.
since you yelled RIGGED loudest, you should be happy to recount to massage your ego.

perhaps you should look into her illegal e-mails. You were nice, maybe time to punch back!
Aren't you supposed to be President to ALL people. Not just the ones who voted for you? #AuditTheVote
what a bunch of sore losers... unbelievable
After you tricked them to look the other way if the election gets rigged for you  #smartidiot
glad we have a President Trump, who will be honorable in intent and work for this nation, not against like Obama an Clinton
They just want a second chance... to get their hands on more bogus ballots.
the recount is being requested by libs that don't want you to have ID to register or to vote!! Sad.
why do expect something you weren't going to do its great to have an ego maniac as president lol
you threatened anarchy when you thought you were going to lose. LIAR
Since the Justice Department is corrupt, the voters indicted her. Rousseff, Clinton, and Park are goners.
@Rparisee 
Just concentrate on MAGA Mr Trump. Remember Scilence is golden. It drives them crazy 
@O_IrishT You mean the first ten minutes they had a lead, lol
Dr. Jill Stein is not a Democrat. The Democrats, including HRC, fully accept the outcome of the election. You seem confused
you DO realize, it's the GREEN party who wanted the recount. Don't you?????
who do you think you're fooling?  If the popular/electoral votes were reversed, you'd be crying rigged & starting Civil war
I think you should make Hillary not part of your cabinet but the ambassador to Benghazi
its Stein who initiated it. Don't forget to talk to Pence before you tweet.
need some video or quotes of this so we can repost.
I think they just want to scam more money before their ships leave!
I always told u it's not by power or by might but by my Spirit saith d LORD.God confusd n made them mad
Maybe u should keep this handle for ur personal rants until u learn how to #tweetlikepotus
YOU said there was voter fraud. Don't you want them to uncover it?
you said the election would be rigged. you padded your total w fake absentee ballots! @realDonaldTrump #AuditTheVote http://bit.ly/2gFhKgU 
Boo hoo!
There are Republicans who are sad that you won so get over yourself
you yourself said that the election will be rigged when you thought you're going to lose. Not so anymore.
Whats it like being a huge douchebag?  Does your Tranny Wife like your small dick?
Because 2 million more Americans wanted her, not you. #willofthepeople
Tammy..
Sounds like a snake..because he is a snake ? BEWARE
@HILLARY_4PRIS0N My heart feels good to get them out.They did not look so bright doing to 2nd count embarrassed themselves
Democrats don't  want Trump 2 succeed. How unAmerican! Trump will be the best president we ever had
You wouldn't answer the question You wanted the election to be a cluster~it was. Your mama would be so proud ~ NARCISSIST
corrupt and no longer an official party in our electoral process.
