By Trump math that's a total of 10 trillion people.
If only Hillary could bring in 200-300 she'd have herself a record crowd!
um.... no.
You're right. She would be thrilled with 100
Good one Cate. I am rolling on the floor larfing.
Perhaps if she just wasn't so nasty all the time people may go to see her. Very sad. https://twitter.com/realjmannarino/status/780981589681410048 …
"Very sad" is Donald's phrase. You should find your own. Like "Smooth up in ya!" from the BulletBoys song.
Is it? Funny, people have been saying that for years. Never knew it was owned by someone. 
you forgot to add 'believe me!!' in third line
This looks a lot like HRC's campaign stops with her 10's of 10's of people (almost all press and security).
U R FAKE!!!!
keep doing great
Lies and contradictions do NOT a president make.

if he would have ripped crooked Hitlery to shred like he should have everyone would say he is a bully. All BS!!
The real people love you the smart stupid people are jerks to me!
PROVE A WINNER = TRUMP
Awesome! But why didn't you say those needed things last night? @KellyannePolls
People want you for president! Flash polls you won and that's all that matters cause it's the people voice not MLM.
Need to hit her harder next debate bring up all the many scandals she's been involved in. Can't wait for help from media
@magnifier661
Are you the 400 pound man in bed that Trump was talking about?
Amazing how many supporters come to your rallies, while so little go to Hillary’s!
Yep the Donald and Honey Boo Boo pack em in
Lots of people saying you had an incredible loss in the debate. Sad!
'sieg heiling' room only!!!
Cmon Donald you can't even count that high!!
just to say, 10 billion. What's in your safe?
Trump Rally today in Melbourne Florida..09/27/2016
thousands outside couldn't get in, huge movement #PostDebate
that's correct, trump You are Unbelievable !!! (sniffle sniffle sniffle)...
T/P 2016
do you really think you can win this election complaining, remember you cant win the white house with 10 million followers.
I heard on Fox there was 9,000 and 6,000 who could not get in.  They cited fire dept.
80 million watched you on stage last night. Should have knocked it out of the park!

you won every poll boi
you lost the debate
no
Lol. That was 4Chan sending it's minions to vote. Damn you people get fooled easily.
haha because CNN having Hillary winning 80% is so credible
The CNN poll was not an online poll. Online polls can be and are easily manipulated. Try to keep up.
LOL the Clinton News Network, did you REALLY expect them to say differently...
.@realDonaldTrump Trump draws crowds and Hillary draws flies
Clinton and the Media will continue to talk but most of America isn't listening. lol Trump 2016 #MAGA
#MakeAmericaHateAgain
wish I could have been there to show my support!
why is Alicia Machado doing in US?  You're far from being the voice of Hispanics. You called Venezuela YOUR country on CNN
I predict that there are many closet Black and Hispanic sympathizer that are going to vote for Trump on election day.
you're in Florida, so you know they got good Coke, right? Fix your noise already, hahaha
STOP LYING!!! It was 9,000 people TOTAL and this time it wasn't the press who published this but Melbourne's PD.
So much for your so called "HUGE" crowd you whining ninny. Let's see if you go against Melbourne PD and call them fakes Mr.
so called "law and order" guy.
wow! That's amazing!! Keep going strong.
The facility only holds 5,200, but we know you're not too good with facts or numbers.
technically he never said all supporter's were inside but your anger and hostility is understandable sweetie
No anger here, just the sweet, warming satisfaction that idiots like you will be forgotten after November 8th.
the biggest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance it is the illusion of knowledge but you're so cute
Good luck wth that.
I have knowledge sweetie you have the allusion knowledge dig deeper LMAO your so cute keep trying
Bring a friend to Vote for Trump!! #BringAFriend .... please RT please RT
they come because they have nothing else to do, or in the hope they'll finally get to see a real life lynching. Deplorable!
Melbourne Police says official number is 9000. Lie about everything, don't you?
- Hee, I guess the police are dealing "fake" news now!
tweets 27,000 people came but police say only 9,000 came to his rally in Florida. Sad. #TrumpLies
Fake News by @realDonaldTrump: Florida w/ 15,000 supporters+additional 12,000 Real News by @MelbournePolice: Total attendees @event = 9,000.
POPE FRANCIS ON YOUR TEAM  http://endingthefed.com/pope-francis-shocks-world-endorses-donald-trump-for-president-releases-statement.html …
Not on your life. The Pope is intelligent, humble, caring, gracious, and respectful.
u know our argentinian POPE better than me?? Ahaaaaaa !! Ooook!!! Whateverrrrrrrr
I guess I do.
@Blacc__Monroe you have to see that 
I don't like him 

lol you the one like his crazy ass
.. Trump he's win 
NEVER! 
could U imagine what the drive by media would say if Killiary drew this size crowd's?
Except the facility only holds 5,200. Lies, exaggerations, & contradictions do not a president make.
that's correct a woman who can lie about the death of4 American's with a straight face makes a better president
She didn't lie. Did it bother you that 13 US embassies were attacked & 60 killed under Bush. Did the Sec of Ste kill them, too?
And she did lie repeatedly blaming a video sweetie but you're so cute for trying to defend failure
Your misogyny is showing and it's insulting. Grow up!
I didn't say anything about woman but it's the only defense you have like only defense for Obama isPlayRace card LMAO dig deeper
U r terribly immature if you don't how disrespectful it is to call a woman, whom you have never met, "sweetie."
http://usuncut.com/politics/trump-florida-rally-crowd/ …
At Most you had 9,000 and you paid them to be http://there.You 're losing your support.
your numbers r just as inflated as your ego. how about u do something presidential before trying to get reelected?
#ASSCLOWN
All attendees now in the AeroMod hangar for the @realDonaldTrump rally. Total attendees at event = 9,000. Liar
Russia is not going to help you win. So. Your not winning. Your an illegitimate president Russia help
You can't count either - we knew you couldn't read.
couldn't get there? After @HillaryClinton schooled your ass they realized you're being ridiculous! #StrongerTogether
@LIVE_COVERAGE @realDonaldTrump #strongerTogether at Corruption & Greed! How to perm delete email class coming soon
deplorable. We welcome you. #StrongerTogether
nawww! I'm gonna remain deplorable....wearing it like a badge of honor
More like the Scarlet Letter.

Lying again, Donald.  The crowd was MIUCH SMALLER THAN SEPTEMBER.  HAHAHAHAHA
Caught out again - Melbourne Police tweet - 9,000 and all got in! You're a pathological liar peddling FAKE NEWS!
omg u have to lie.people only 9000 showed up...
the 12 thousand were outside protesting against you. Inside they were probably 5 thousand.
Now everyone, well 70% of your past supporters, know you're a lying conman so you only get 30% after one whining month.
9,000 according to the police, or will you call them liars, too?
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE..ONLY ABOUT 9,000 LOL
9k not 15k plus an ex 12k tht couldnt get it. Did u countt yr haters. Nuts
fake math
a real president would be doing their job right now, not this bullshit.
You only had 9,000. Confirmed by police!!!! Must you ALWAYS lie????
COMPLETELY unbelievable
Actually there were 9,000 there. Smaller than the Women's March I attended on Jan.21st in my small state.
51 lies in 90 min last night! Since we're talking numbers... pathetic. #SheWon

every business eventually needs a reorg. US is the largest business and employer in the world. Time for a US total Reorg.
fake photo again
Look! All that massive people's comes and see him in his rally? America! That's mean they all love Trump!Im very proud!!!
Do ya feel the love of the deplorable's?
Trump Train all the way to the White House! We are with you in Estero Florida and Centerville Ohio!
like I said you care more about how many people showed up than real issues of real people! How can people vote for you!
Great rally. May very well have been your best. Keep going. Good luck.
stay on the high rail keep on telling American people your plans don't worry about what Hillary says.
They just want to see the spectacle. Most are not voting for you.
How ppl@can continue to support u after ur dismal performance last night, showcasing ur ignorance is incomprehensible.
that's absolutely horrifying beyond belief, sick to my stomach.
Minnesota becomes a toss-up state. Trump trails behind Hillary by only 3 pt in RI, 4 NJ, & 6 IL
@smehiel @awlt @ticktalkpress Our Vero Beach group American Women Love Trump were there in total support!
Enjoy little man or is it sniffles? Hillary is our next POTUS  Aunt Ave
Wait until they hear about your Cuban con.
https://www.facebook.com/Republicansareidiots1/videos/1293139667374562/ …
@Gop #"Do the thousands of people that you have stiffed over the course of your business not deserve some kind of apology"
DetainIllegalSendback100%
Panie Trump, a co z wizami dla Polaków?
Mowi Pan jak jest ?
Prosze o odpowiedź.
Debata + dla Pana :-)
It's the hall of ignorant deplorables!
Florida is a huge basket of deplorables.   LOTS OF MATERIAL FOR U THERE BUT U WILL STILL LOSE FLA.
Why couldn't they get in?  Did you charge too much for a ticket?
I couldn't be happier for you!!  I want you to be President!!!!
I pray for the sake of all people and countries that you do not become President.  Trump is a despicable, misogynist liar.
that is disgusting how could u turn people into animals it is not appropriate u have made people hate one another
You high af, huh?  #maketrumpcokeagain
Please stop taking Dems bait and stop saying things about women.  Stay on message and you will win!
for president off this great nation
@ArtoftheDealPAC Hahahahahaha
Did your microphone work?
and Crooked had 300 at her, Hmmmm- assembly! Her crowds are growing by the ones and twos
Hillary Clinton admits another "MISTAKE" wearing earpiece for remote coaching during DEBATE - WOW ! @GOP  @CNN @NBCNews
:  next time HRC mentions the Rosie remark remind her what she called  monica and the other "friends of Bill"....
Florida Loves Trump!
Wish I'd have gone! Dang it!
you had about 81 million watching last night and you let Clinton skate when you brought up and dismissed her email scandal
Hey do us a favor, get out of Florida. The state will be much better off.
yeah, we saw that you were trying to have a do over on the debate that you lost..
great job ... you are amazing ...our new President  Trump ...
15000 racist retired bigots
I DON'T CARE WHAT THE CORRUPT MEDIA SAYS, CROWDS AT TRUMP RALLIES MEAN A HELL OF A LOT HILLARYS CROWDS R SMALL LIKE VOTES
great movement
BS
Fantastic! Keep it up. Calm but tough! Go get her.
.@realDonaldTrump Was this before or after they learned that you illegally did business in Cuba with Castro? Ship's going dowwwwnnnnnnnn!
With crowds like yours NO reason why u shouldn't win by a
LANDSLIDE unless of course it is a fixed election #VoteTrump
@EricTrump Liar, liar! Pants on fire!  We should Not and canNot have a President that LIES every Seconds!
Its only the beginning.... next, ballot box battle...
did they find out about the Newsweek article proving you violated the Trading with the Enemy Act? Your life is now sucking.
a sea of red in this here state and I'm not talkin' 'bout 
@bbl58   The punch line is that you had to turn away the total number of people that have attended her rallies since 8/1 !!
Prove the 12,000 and really the 15,000 your such a #liar #narcissisticass #loser #taxevader #no1600foryou
in a hanger wow thats crazy. GO TRUMP!
We've got to take Florida w/o fail
Do not be over confident. Please have town hall meetings with Indians and Asian vote in this tight race.we want you to win
@chucktodd @NBCNews watching @BarackObama tonight I saw a very smart person being our POTUS. Watching Trump I'm scared!
Dude stop going to big crowds and start debate prep. U were horrible last night A DISASTER!! OMG... Pls Prep!!
#Find the Black person and win a $1,000 dollars.
you sound like a beat up used car salesman.....
So how big is that ol' @cnn illuminati? HOW is it POSSIBLE that they're neck n neck. Don't people read and research?
@KatrinaPierson liars
Down from 25,000? The venue holds 7,500. #TrumpCheck
imagine the polls on election with all trump supporters

So what happened- did your crew "overbook" the event again?
Florida. Nuff said . You were protested right out of Pittsburgh 
Awesomeness!
@MELANIATRUMP great debate, Mr. Trump, rooting for you.
@KellyannePolls you need to study speeches and attack her on emails Bengazi foundation and you took her bait ignore ego
Mass Insanity! Trump's Hitler-like Movement a national disgrace!
gathering of the deplorables, lord Voldemort and his mindless minions
WRONG
Explain the dog whistling of the night "JUST US" & Law/Order for protecting police and being very careful w/everyone else
Wait until the #Cubans Finds Out You Did Business In #Cuba During Embargo.
I'm sorry I don't have the money to give, however, I can support by other things. Don't hesitate to ask. 
send staffer to stream crowds @ Hillary campaigns, it's worth the show n tell the difference @KellyannePolls @FoxNews
I bet if Trump tells Hillary to release her wall street speeches he could get some Burney Supporters@!#
A storm is brewing in November and it is starting in Florida! GO @realDonaldTrump
I'm surprised you could show your face after how much you embarrassed yourself in the debates. #mentalillnessorcocaine?
big deal.  You need to be practicing for this next debate.  Hillary mopped the floor with you last night and you know it!
and you didn't have to pay them to be there! #HRCzeroIntegrity
i wad there donald
wow a lot of white supremacist racist in this country
#MAGA , Woof!, Wow, Bow!!!
that make me happy
awesome!
delete your account!  Get out while the getting is good.  Loser!!
Yep, I live in Florida we have our share of uneducated white trash Trumpers.
A gathering of sheep does little to grow the needed roots of grass.
Luckily, most of those people are too stupid to vote. Or the GOP's own voter obstruction plans will stop them. So funny!
all those supporters need jesus
How embarrassing that Florida has a Melbourne and so does Australia. At least we'll never see you here.
thats crazy the fact that there were even 1,000 people there to see you is shocking! #ImWithHer @HillaryClinton
@GOP @tedcruz @marcorubio @JohnKasich @JebBush @MittRomney @GeorgeHWBush
Amazing. I was in Tampa and watched the rally on TV.  Go Donald!
