what a waste of time and money!
Jesus calm down you won remember now go say thank you and spill some more nonsense then form a govt. can you do that??
yup


Another lie!
love you Donald !
smh green party aka Nigerian con artists
Time to move on
whoo hoo! 131 future regrets!! Well done sir!
We won Agin Bunch of Crooks
Never going to rest. NEVER MY PRESIDENT.
showed them dummies now we can tell them to go ,,,, them selfs
Verifying a count is not a scam, it's ensuring our democratic rights.
It's very sad seeing all of the negative tweets that people are putting on here. Hillary lost ... Trump will be President.
that IDIOT Stein waste taxpayers money. Choke it up Dems...
whats going on in the world the establishment is pulling out all the stops willing to kill democracy
mr Trump talking swamp whats ur view of Christine Largarde 400mil mistake that she will only serve year and or pay 15k fine
I have no intention of resting until you are removed from the Oval Office.
oohh scary.. subversive lamebrains like you will keep all who voted NO to globalist marxism on our toes
"WRONG"
.

THAT BIZARRE TWISTED WOMAN... !!!

.
Did u clear this message with Putin?  Just looking out for you Donnie!
@KellyannePolls  they (MSM) are going after you and will never stop. Shame
The Dems have noting to lose by making claims about everything in the world that is wrong and blame on the GOP.
only 2,841,731 votes to go!
have you seen the popular vote? The people voted for Hillary. .#notmypresident
you still lost the popular vote by 2.7 million, the Russians helped you and now you owe them. Loser!
You're very gracious in victory.
All that waste of money for a recount!!! Silly polotical stunt by failed candidates!
you won easily they are just sore losers!
well.. not quite. He did lose the popular vote by over 2.5 million. I wouldn't really call that the will of the people
Nobody caaaaaaaares! 
well more than half of americas voters would say other wise
Okay let me rephrase: you're point is irrelevent. Popular vote is irrelevant.
trump himself said that the electoral college needed to be abolished.
No, he was wrong then. And it's the law. That's how it works.
it's outdated. Times have changed, as have many laws. Society needs to adapt. The electoral college makes no sense
why would it be a "scam" to want votes counted properly?
Because for some reasons it "costed" millions of dollars in donations to do this so called "proper" recount
"costed"?
Go Trump!!!! Libtards will get over your electoral landslide eventually... 
ummm... Small margin??   
so you call this a landslide huh?
not even close!! What is a small margin however, is winning popular vote by 2%
when 2% is more than 2.5 million people it is not a small margin. You have to look at the actually number of people
some say you can chalk that up to 2.5 million illegal immigrants voting in our election, but hey... Who's counting.
"some say" only trump and trump supporters. Where is the EVIDENCE?? Oh right, you fools don't use that
THE WAR ON CHRISTMAS HAS TO END
what war on Christmas?? That doesn't exist
GFY...If there was no God everything would be permissible. Wrong always rights itself.
that is not proof god exists. There is no proof god exists, because he doesnt
He does! 2 many times in my life things that have happened that were NOT mere coincidence.Kind of like what happened to HRC
please give me one piece of solid evidence that "god" exists that isn't "because the bible says so"
God exists....the world and universe are too perfect. Life is empty without him...
yet you have no evidence. I have evidence for what I believe. Do you also not believe in evolution?
You're the scam. TRAITOR.
. @realDonaldTrump If the CIA has only dug up stuff on Russia & the Dems, why are you so quick to damn the agency's intelligence?

condemn russian hacks and call for an investigation, and do it now
i'm not gonna lie to you here, monkey mike, that hurt my feelings
.@realDonaldTrump It's time for us to Celebrate and Gloat again....Why? Because you just WON AGAIN @DiamondandSilk Love it!   Choo Choo Baby
Don't forget to send Putin a thank-you card.
Wow...you snowflakes really need to feel what it's like to be in the military. @realDonaldTrump please reinstate the draft
yep, only 2,638,000 more to go and you would have beaten Hillary in the popular vote!
God,,,you still harping on that. Didn't you know 3 million illegals voted?
WHAT ....a waste of $$$$$$$... @DrJillStein
making sure our electoral process isn't a sham? success!
Our election was not hacked. DNC/Hillary's emails were. Need better cyber security, but glad to know her massive fraud
glad you're a specialist when it comes to hacking... just HRC was hacked, you say? Well that seems normal
DNC and Hillary's emails were hacked. RNC was attempted, but unsuccessful according to news reports.
I'm sure it wasn't hacked by people with a vested interest in DT winning or anything....
Um, the entire world, except the middle east, had a vested interest in defeating Hillary.  But ok...
so everyone else is against her but there's no reason to suspect outside hacking
I didn't say that. Someone hacked the emails. That's not under debate. We need better cyber security.
don't forget you LOST the popular vote by nearly 3m votes and you're the LEAST popular P-E in modern American history.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/jill-stein-has-done-the-nation-a-tremendous-public-service/2016/12/15/22d92956-c2e3-11e6-9578-0054287507db_story.html …
rigged
@oreillyfactor recount-done, Russian hacking story-done. What d elites media try next to discredit PEOTUS.
Jill is a bimbo
Congrats.  You are only 2,921,345 down now. Terrific!
The election was rigged. A majority of people refuse you as president.  Your legacy in history books = TRAITOR.  Believe it
you are a small man.
u will fail as president if u continue to bitch about unim[ortant  things on twitter
Wow! So @HillaryClinton only won by 2,833,089 votes instead of 2,833,220
#WeBeatHillaryClintonAgain 

"global&local oligarchs also using organizations like humanrights,NGOs,GreenEarth,Big foundations for their self-interests"

@gkygrl --- And those over 75,000 uncounted votes that Michigan's voting machines didn't register in three Detroit area 
what was the scam?
She BEAT YOU BY MILLIONS OF VOTES. You're just not popular, Donald-in fact, you're among the MOST UNPOPULAR POTUSes EVER.
Actually we have 4 years of unrest
rise above it..let it go...they not worth the tweet
No enough of this NONSENSE, it cost to much MONEY to INVESTIGATE or put on a CONGRESSIONAL HEARING.
so defensive
Last but not least there is a major Discrimination by the Homosexual and Lesbian Community, Film and TV,as well Employment
yay!!!
You are the best person to know a scam since you have built your life on cheating. No scam here, just desire for truth.
You lost the popular vote by 2.8 m = largest margin in history. YOU'RE THE SCAM. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/donald-trump-lost-popular-vote-hillary-clinton-us-election-president-history-a7470116.html … #NotMyPresident
WOW! 131! That's yuge! As big as your hands!
bullshit
The recount was rigged! We need a re-recount and an investigation into the recount!
(preferrably in that order)
hi Mr President Trump! Come visit Oklahoma again on the tour!!
SOME MORE  SPECIAL CARE WITH CAUTION  OUGHT  TO  GIVE   ON SOUTH WEST  ASIAN  COUNTRIES' PROBLEMS
you're an idiot u lost the popular vote you helped rig your election thought if u cried wolf when it did happen
never
you still lost the popular vote by well over 2 million votes #realbiggestloser
I HAD  A STRONG  FAITH AND  SCOPE  THAT YOU WOULD GET  MORE  VOTES  THAN THE  PAST ELECTION  COUNTING RESULT IN WISCONSIN
scam?
I assume the scam ur referring to is the one you used to "win" prez. Question, WHO did more Americans vote for? Not u!!
the orange cocksplat has spoken. Forget the Russian tampering folks, we can all go home now.
They use every method of cheating and still don't win anything! Protests,Recounts,Harassing electors you name it! MAGA!
You're the scam!
I won't rest until  your gone
But in MI the votes couldn't be counted do to failed machines..hmmm
you tweet like a teenager. GROW UP!
I hope all those that donated to Steins witch hunt are happy their money was wasted.
@DanHarnish you would've done the same thing of you had lost
get off Twitter!
and other shady deals I wouldn't be shocked if u didn't have as much money as u claim & since people r around u and kiss
When donald trump calls his victory a scam
You're the Royal Scam, the biggest fraud of all.
Yeah!!!
when some Americans voted for a compulsive liar and justify it by saying I didn't take him literally,  lied to themselves
whats the point? Not sufficient for your ego?
Scam or scram? 
Russians...Romney...His Niece...Voting Machines...Sorry, You Already Have Cheater Across Your Forehead
<<< Can't Spell...Lives Lies...Petty Brat...SO, OBVIOUS...NEEDS, his Kids ??? That's FUNNY ...
<<< Like him >>> You, Obviously Live In LaLa Land @realDonaldTrump Liars. Cheats Petty Brats...History, Will Not Be Kind...
That'll definitely make a difference in the popular vote you lost by a landslide!
Mr Trump can you please hire me for a new dept social service and welfare fraud I have a 18 year back ground in CJ
not to mention no wall, no jobs, u cant lock up HRC and u put what 3 Goldman Sachs billionaires in ure cabinet...
I'm thanking the good Lord.  God Bless Mr Trump, and all your staff.  Retired white lady from Iowa.
http://www.thenewcivilrightsmovement.com/johnwright/watergate_reporter_says_nixon_s_lies_were_nothing_compared_to_trump_s …

Hey, I read now Fourty elecotrs. Only one Republican want briefings. I am suspecting a big revolt. Come Monday. be prepared
.@jclopezcnn @MReginaCNN resultó una mueca la cómica del reconteo Wiscosin, igual será lo de "CIA" @realDonaldTrump
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
yes you really did lose… On with your life!
So does this prove that the system is rigged or not?

the sore loser stupidity is mind blowing!
The stupidity of those who believe Trump is  just mind blowing!
Wow  131 more...you are so awesome....Not
#nevermypresident
good evening my donaldtrump
is the biggest scam of all time. That should make your children proud.
Go Trump! Go with God all the Way!

Is it true that you plan to put POTUS over your name on all Trump Properties you own in other countries.
you're such an historical loser:http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/donald-trump-lost-popular-vote-hillary-clinton-us-election-president-history-a7470116.html …
But you lost the popular vote to Hillary. Not as admired as you think.
beware this stooge and dont screw Canada JUST because he says something stupid. PM Harper slam dunked him & so can you ^5
U r more likely to be fatally maimed by a lawnmower than u r to be a victim of Islamic terrorism. http://images.huffingtonpost.com/2016-09-01-1472759565-493250-extreme_extreme_vetting.jpg …
You couldn't have won the Electoral College without tons of Rep. gerrymandering and Russian intervention. YOU ARE A #LOSER!
thanks to the Recount Dems! Trump won again!!!!
You're the idiot spewing "rigged election " 4 months! Only able to recount 1 state disappointing but renews faith alittle.
#unpresidential #unqualified #youarefired
hey Jill give back the money$$ I understand why you're called the Green party$$$$
what is wrong with you?
YAYYYYYY!!!!! We Win AGAIN!!!!!
maybe they will move on from Russia BS! But hey we welcome extra votes they missed! Make America great again 
2.5 mill more and u will be who American wanted
good luck
You're still more than 2.7 million votes behind.
our choices are #scum #DividerInChief. Big #swamp. Make America Bust
do you know how crazy it looks meeting with Kanye West? Where's the Trump I voted for,campaigned for?
. Is Jill "con artist" stein going 2 b held responsible 4 tax payers paying 4 this recount?
Blam! EAT GREEN EGGS AND HAM.
i wont rest until you are no longer president
didn't you say it was rigged?
There is def a scam going on
you just don't get it, and I'm afraid you never will...
Tienes once años de edad?
where are all these whinebag libs crying foul over Obama being in bed with the Commies from Cuba?????
that's a rounding error. Big deal!
Putin did good for you!
.@realDonaldTrump no rest for 4 years. Or at least until your impeachment.
what a tremendous waste of money.
and why wasn't the biggest question asked... Where's the proof??

you're the president of the god damn united states. Quit acting like a child and treat this job like it matters to you.
(2) but then you don't care about Russia's involvement and you asked for them to leak American information, so why would...
Fgo to 4377
You should thank your friends in Russia
so close to a mature tweet... just that one last word.
guess what Donald Trump you know you can fix stupid nor reason with stupid recount we all all knew was right
I meant can't fix stupid be careful they.are scared and scared people do crazy things expose the lies
I'm sure the green party is still counting there money !
I hope that you stick to your promise of deporting ALL ILLEGAL ALIENS!!!!!  Please do not change on us!!!
look at all the money was spend on doing that. That money could been used for something else. USA has a new leader
. Mr. President please don't stop tweeting after Jan 20th.
i am your biggest supporter but if you select Kanye for any position you will lose millions of supporters
For the first time I'm ashamed of our president. My candidate didn't win b4, I got over it. NOT this time! PS. I'm a Rep
Big congratulations my best President.
BEAUTIFUL!! YOU GO MR.PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP!!
wow 131!!!! #landslide
you have no class.
go for it!
what is the #scam ensuring election results is a #scam ?!?!
Twitter World War coming in 2017, first World War started with a tweet.
yeah now it's the Russians..geez
Presidence that he was elected to do.
Sir, you are no longer running your own business...you are supposed to be running this for us. We like all boxes checked
.
Congratulations! Now you only lost the popular vote by 2,859,899,269 votes.
We strongly hope to have real good affordable health care for Americans, not for illegal people. No more Obama Care.
P51660038       помощь  порыжелым   людям

