Right..  But don't matter! Everyone thinks the sun shines out of her pathetic, lying, stealing corrupted ass!
how refreshing,another clinton supporter,calling strangers names!
I've never heard him say that. Yet the one you're defending has said that and worse.
#BenghaziMatters in this election, sorry for the inconvenient truth.
Indeed. Btw, when's your next court date in that child rape case? #hashtag

This does zero to answer my question. Do you know the next court date for Trump's child rape case? #hashtag
it's the same day you appear in your child molestation case!
I don't have one. He, however, does. A minimal amount of research would reveal that. #hashtag
research Hillary
I didn't ask about Hillary. I asked Trump about his court date. Do you have the info I requested? #hashtag
what did you request
hillary is better then trump
Hillary is better than Trump at ____________
Don't know how to spell "Everything of Substance"?
except Trump didnt fail. #REKT hillary is under investigation right now
Fucking. Addled.
where was Hillary? SOS of course 2009-2013 #cuck Atlantic leaves it out http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2016/09/yemen-saudi-arabia-obama-riyadh/501365/ …
Y'all keep # Ur little "wins" Are ya too slow to realize I'm curbstomping U?
with Kaine challenging Pence on his voting record, why can't Pence bring up Hillary's Senate vote supporting the Iraq war!
why would they want your gratitude? who the hell are you?
just shut up and don't involve yourself in everything, we don't care what you say!!
I'm waiting for Hillary to come out and blame the police.
Love you Mr. Trump!  I pray for you and your team every night that God would give you all you need to win this thing! xoxo
Maybe it would be believable if you paid some taxes for those 1st responders.
د
It takes a man to make a devil.
his name is Obama and Hillary Clinton
#ClintonScandals
If you vote for #CrookedHillary you are continuing the destruction of America! #FollowTheMoney #Trump2016
Even the fat ones who like to eat?
The polls have risen because you have been disciplined and stayed on message. Stay DISCIPLINED!!

What???  No "I told you so"???

my condolences to trump supporters, he's been a joke since day one 

A Secret service agent wrote a book that reports on HRC's tempr and vile insults she threw at them & staff
One mentions how she tested a US #military dog & his handler. Witch! #pets #animals #truth
I thk she's a sociopathTotally lacking a conscience or moral compass "What dif does it make"
proof she is sociopath = her lies to Fam about Benghazi, lies & deceptions about emails,
her "What difference does it make" about who killed our ppl in Benghazi, her 1st Lady behav.
Don't need to say the words-they're burned in our minds forever @SueRich58383117 #Truth #TrumpPence16 #TrumpTrain #MAGA3X #TrumpWillWin

but you won't help pay their salaries. Nice. Your gratitude really helps pay the rent.
First responders!
Hard to know too how New York would 
have  survived 9/11 without its taxpayers.
even my 4 year old gets excited to see trump signs!!

How much $$ will you be donating for the relief effort?
Hillary cheated in the 1st debate and still lost. Everyone saw her clean up guy meat with Lester Holt.
Protect Our Brand- AMERICA!
Get away from Hilary's debate issues. Get control and get back with the people's issues. Your ahead. Get up & move on.
forget about that slut miss universe. Get back to Making America Great Again. The Debate showed that HRC is establishment.
You ahead... Why? Because "We the People" are sick & tired of old time Establishment Crap. No matter what party it is.
My condolences to those involved in your campaign.
. DJT. I just love ur ability. We will win.
why didn't your boy disgustingly fat @ChrisChristie who lap ban didn't even work get the PTC devices installed to prevent
Please accept the reality of climate change, if you are elected the USA needs to be on the forefront of change.
I concur with Daniel. https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=evidence+for+climate+change&hl=en&as_sdt=0&as_vis=1&oi=scholart&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwj8xpPmmLXPAhVH22MKHRcnD18QgQMIHTAA …

We are not asking for pre- civilization levels.. just to contain the future harm so others may live..

I am Sorry... He said some dump things again :( #DumpTrump
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude if you sell me your homes.
you must think we are stupid enough to believe you.
it's a damn shame that  goes on here and sends condolences to victims of a tragedy and Hillary people are so damn ignorant
fuck the new world order and the illumination
life happens
.@realDonaldTrump How many muslims did you see cheering for this one from a POV where you couldn't actually witness said behavior?
Thankyou Mr Trump. Plz bring up Haiti and look into what HRC did to those PPL! Very important!
Congrats!
LAS TORMENTAS GEOMAGNÉTICAS SUCEDEN PARALELAMENTE A ESOS ACCIDENTES, SE OBSERVA DESDE HACE AÑOS,  Y SIGLOS
7
Good thing your buddy Christie wasn't up there blocking bridges out of spite and preventing ambulances from getting through
those first responders were paid for by MY tax dollars.. you didn't pay a cent for them..
I am rabid for Mr. Trump!
what's up Nate..? Still being a stupid Fuqtard I see. Give it up, Trump winning,  Hil-liar-y tanking. Ur a loser.
Are you going to sue @Newsweek for alleging you committed Federal Crimes, @realDonaldTrump? #TrumpInCuba
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Not yet.  He is still on the back nine.  Perhaps after he has a Mojito at Xanadu.  They are good.
Either that or a Cristal.  It is waiting for him.
The veranda has a lovely view after a round.
He could also chat with friends about the election.
Donald get back to telling our people what you can do and how you will do it. Leave this bunch of bedwetting GOP to us.
I will continue to support you
RIGHT, YES!
1. Does anybody take these tweets of condolences seriously?

2. Where's the tweet claiming you called the accident first? @realDonaldTrump
why don't you take Hillary destroying US seriously?
have you even heard your candidate speak? Disaster!
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moon light? #LyinTrump #ClownTrain #BigCheeto
Wouldn't you like that you frickin pedophile! I'm reporting you. @AngelikaLachman https://twitter.com/AngelikaLachman/status/781673050404257792 …
Have faith Donald Trump,Trust God he chose you
que onda morritas habla Juan xdxdxdxd :v
jajjajaajajajaja
.@realDonaldTrump You are a class act. America is lucky to have you! Thanks for caring.
she really is!  Who are these people mesmerized by her...half the voting population!!!!?????
Hillary ended you
That's it, just keep telling yourself that.
You even stole "Make America Great Again" from Reagan. Unbelieveable!
well TRUMP has also stolen the hearts of real Americans. We love you Trump!
@jalfredojoe I just put a poll up cast a vote on my Twitter profile let's hit a million votes
please please please stop talking and complaining and stick to your agenda... your loosing me with all this nonsense ...
Hillary to repeat today's  Nancy Pelosi's claim  that House Republicans did not fund preventive tech for high speed trains
NICE 1 DONALD
Too bad you abused the system after 9/11 for personal gain. "Smart"!
Disciplined Muslim faith knows beliefs are diametrically opposed to, and at enmity with, Judeo-Christian (the Living God of
Why do you not support the first responders by being a good citizen and paying your taxes?
your zero taxes did not held upgrade the trains
if you are president, this will NEVER happen again - "make America train-wreck free again" you go, dooshbag
acting as if you care
The Wig!
Dear Mr. BORED AND LAZY TRUMP, why are you so arrogant as to believe you don't have to prepare for a debate?
You will make a great president
haha more emails are coming I can't wait to see what's next
crickets from Shrillary.
I blame the crooked trickle down politics of @crookedHRC & her crooked friends 382 millionaires in Gov They get rich USdead
They think its funny because trump never delt w/ scum you shake A hand on a deal & it means zero W crooked HRC
Do you believe this to be just an accident or part of a greater plan? maybe something to keep our minds busy, so 2 not see?
@anthony5505USNVQ-1
Bernie Sanders calls out Hillary for her racist language
Hi Trump team! Given the many tweets after this, it's pretty clear he's not the author.
Where are your taxes?
http://youtu.be/IVw1uwK8ja0 

thank god your friend Christie didn't block any bridges so the first responders could get there to help.
I guess all they get is your "deepest gratitude" but none of your tax $ to support them. Pathetic.
#SitsOnAGoldenThrone
Your gratitude? you're nobody, nothing shut up and go back to ripping people off
dad
son

None of your money paid taxes for first responder assistant. You proud of that?
Thank U. For the next 2 debates, No Mercy, no restrain. Take her out for everything she says. Tell, she is a liar, over...
Good thing your buddy, @ChrisChristie , didn't close the bridges so the first responders couldn't there!
we don't care about the Iraq war and stupid beautie pagent wow cnn is stupid!! should dig on cheating crooked Hillary email
clearly your henchmen tweeted this. You aren't capable.
ON YOUR 3RD MARRIAGE AND YOU WASTE TIME TALKING ABOUT OTHERS RELATIONSHIP
thank you for not playing golf and ignoring the people that put that idiot but is now in the White House as president.
Send condolences 2 family of the one (last I read) who passed. People injured, U use words like speedy recovery etc. #Jerk
We need to invest in infrastructure and transportation in order to avoid these accidents.
What are the plans for the next two days so we can update here.#TrumpPence16 #Taxreform #Clinton #questions
Yet you won't believe in funding PTC improvements which could have prevented it. Jerk.
@sapiosanct Crazy
Mr. Trump you're too respectful of those who  absolutely need not your kindness.
Please have a rally in NJ you can win this state..
Well written, Staffer. We know Drumpf is incapable of putting together a string of words this long.
so you like to follow @HillaryClinton on your tweets. She was first just like she's going to be.
- My thoughts and prayers are with them - Soli Deo Gloria
pray for those killed by the #TrumpTrain
Mr. Trump, the peoples president.
u couldn't care less
soon soon soon TRUMP
Where are Melania's condolences?  Yesterday Melania expressed her sympathies.
NJ hates you Trump
this tweet is worded like it came from anyone but DJT
I love you
The only chance u have for a win is to NAIL both the last two debates by a huge margin! PRACTICE PRACTICE PRACTICE PRACTICE
If you want to win, you can't do it with large rambling rallies. You already have their vote. U must act like politician!!
didn't you predict this was going to happen
finally a little empathy
When Trump is president his experience as a builder will help rebuild our infrastructure. #TrumpTrain
. On the next debate do not try to bring marital affairs of the Clinton's because that doesn't Americans substance

Waiting for facts, what were you waiting for?
You just terrorized me with that comment.
I'm sorry &...
w/ investigation, your Trans. Chrman Christie is so f'd. Do u know his history with NJ Transit? #ImWithHer
Cuba.
Trump is going inside the rhelm of PUNK ASS WAYS putting President Clinton's do's & Don'ts
Trump is using PUNK ASS WAYS talking about subjects or people that has nothing to do with this election THATS A WEAK MAN!!!
Recognized that sound. More lines Don.
R Sharma(Morgan Stanley)  WSJ showed that audit statistics reveal that 60% of stock prices are Federal Reserve-driven.
https://twitter.com/DJTrump_Cloud/status/780854620440506369 …
you are a PAB.
never waste a good disaster, eh scum?
you will fix the roads, trains, airports and transportation ! That's why I will vote for you 
Islam is an undermined attempt to demean God’s covenant and salvation. Sharia Law and discipline are exercised in contrast
you forgot to add "I alone will fix it"
Ass.

ISNT IT FUNNY THAT THE PEOPLE SPEAKING FOR TRUMP CHRISTIE, NO ONE RESPECT HIM!!
, We need the #TrumpTrain to come to #NewJersey!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump #Trump2016
And please keep him there.
A most honorable and respectful moment of silence before speech ...actions greater than words
Stop lying, you soulless monster. You don't care 
get your head in the game policy jobs safety leave these women alone let your team get the dirty out
@Northvike General debate it's not lk primary. U'r nt specific U didn't mention Clinton scandals. What were you thinking?
why didn't you go and donate blood if you are so fit
- Here's another foreign buyout of an American company - Bayer (Germany) is buying Monsanto for $66 billion.
Very few of your followers actually like you. Now that's funny!!
My "condolences" to you for being you. Tax returns coward.

Skip the Debate. Leave her there . Rally on up on the road. Gather more supporters. Smart move
Did you call it, Donald?
Will you donare a statue and charge their families for it?
If @HillaryClinton cant remember getting SecurityClarence/Briefing/Training2Handle  Classified Info-How can she b POTUS? @realDonaldTrump
@Northvike you must practice have notes on hand quit bringing up your success most of all stop bragging. Study study study"
whoop Hillary's ass. We don't trust her.
you don't know what the word gratitude means.
no seas pinche mentiroso hijo de mierda con esa jalada que te aventastes puto de mierda
Judeo-Christian (the Living God of Grace) faith in the Bible. The New testament is discarded and contents of devout Quran
HE DOES'NT MEAN A WORD OF IT HE'S PLAYING POLITICIAN NOW TRYING TO STEAL VOTES!!!
Not from DT. It didn't include the standard issue "Thanks for congrats that I predicted this" + "I & only I can fix this".
this world needs more polka dots. TRUMP CANNOT BRING THEM TO US!!! #CantStopTheDot2016
All the first responders who get no salary benefits from your unpaid taxes.  #laughingstock #CONald #weakdonald #weaktrump
"deepest gratitude""amazing first responders" Your cliches fool no one but the deplorable nitwits who follow you, cokehead
"Reports show it was derailed by Mexicans, the wall just got 5 feet higher"
 #DonaldTrump 2016
GOD BLESS THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA #TRUMP 

THE PEOPLE'S PRESIDENT
listen to your advisors! Practice for debate! Your first debate showed lack of preparedness!!!!!!!!!!!
@KatrinaPierson lol, hypocrisy at the biggest level
Stop pretending you care about anyone but your own greasy self. You don't care about victims or police or firemen or anyone
meanwhile Hillary is studying for the next debate
IS FUNNY..I WAS TELLING TO MY WIFE , I AM SURE TRUMP WILL TWEET, HE LIKE TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE TRAGEDIES..#MAGA
liar fraud conman: how r u going 2 find a way to profit off it? U r despicable! Disgusting!
but did you call it?
Quit taking bait on miss piggy! You're losing the women vote again! I'm watching New Hampshire rally and you are rambling!
Please let everyone know if you heard thousands cheering this time too.
And who we should blame.

Thank you Donny J
post debate Clinton #podiumgate
unfortunately it seems to symbolize America if Hillary drives the train. I'm praying for the survivors and families
