and the people are worried you will gut ACA and make America Sick Again.  Shameful.  Even Rubes that voted 4 u are worried
12 million more Americans voted AGAINST the president-runner up than for him. Hillary won by millions of votes!
That is why more of them voted for Hillary than you.
please stop this tweeter war, as president you will to be told things you not like by different people, words matter!
#America #IS great!
.Ignore.the."LYIN'.PRESS.RELEASES.OF.'LOST.LEFT.SECULAR..HUMANISTS'."."THE.Greater.Calling.EXISTS.".THINK.AGAIN.AMERICA..?
WE still want to Make America Great Again! have to wait and see and Hope!
amen brother the hell with Obama and his wife
make america great again my ass, you have never been grate and you are just a bad copy thag tries to be Hitler
great*
REFRAIN FROM PUTDOWNS
NOT EVERYONE IS BEHIND YOU
Obama sucks
America has always been Great!!! We hope we can say the same when you are out of office
They hope for more for there families. What they will get is stepped on. Given in one hand and taken away twice as much in the other. !!!!
Yes, unfortunately they got you
Seriously, look at that stupid profile pic next to this stupid post.
THE WORLD LAUGHS AT YOU.
Is 4/19/17 and your Jealousy is still pouring out of your #OrangeSkin dude.
you are not45
You are always saying that America has always been great You can't believe that it wasn't until you Big mess with you RIGHT
good work
I hope you get an eyelash stuck in your eye
No, the voters clearly voted for Hillary. The shitty and defunct electoral college put you in that office! #NotMyPresident
You lost the popular vote by 2.9 million...just sayin'
Easily could’ve won more by visiting CA, NJ, NY, et cetera. He was smart knowing what electoral college states he could hone in on.
.@realDonaldTrump more people voted for hillary. everybody knows it. you'll never escape it. almost 3 million more  http://oliverwillis.com/trump-officially-loses-popular-vote-2-million/ …
The reason for electoral is so the bigger states( more populist) don't automatically win.
.@realDonaldTrump The *voters* didn't choose you, you moronic manchild. You lost the popular vote. Get over it and DO YOUR GODDAMN JOB.
Subtract dead people, duplicate votes and non-citizens and what do you have left? You still have President Trump
.@TerriKalagayan Subtract racist, sexist, xenophobic, and straight-up ignorant votes, and you'd have a much different result.
you just described Islam and Muslims
.@Cjw367 @TerriKalagayan Actually, I apparently described people such as yourself.
okay I'll play if a new religion started today that advocated killing gays and non-believers would you support it
.@Cjw367 Really not interested in engaging you first thing in the morning, jackass who slid into my mentions. If you really want to talk 1/
.@Cjw367 conservative to liberal, and not just insult me or throw propaganda my way, come back later with some real thoughts. If your bio 2/
let it go Donald
54% of American voters DID NOT want you to be president. Sad!
He has more words than you do .. more dignity and more credibility  than you and all your whole clan fwd or back ever
awesome
you didn't win but hacked your way into the oval ofice
President Obama & Michelle both campaigned heavily in Florida & Ohio where Hillary got trounced!

when was America ever great in the first place lol
Beautiful Mr. President Trump.
A minority of voters bought the Trump persona. The majority rejected the Trump plan. And the persona. Obama 8 yr win. YOU??
America is already great. You prey on the stupid, the racists and the elderly. Shame on you.
America WAS great!
get off twitter and  be concerned about your "great plan" for America
you are like a child.
build it or your full of hot air.  Not a step back.
remember what happened to Jesus mr. Trump. He was humble, and they still killed him violently.
What year us this? Lol
Happy New Years Mr President.  Make 2017 great again sir.

America was great before you.   Look how performers are quitting around you to perform at your inauguration.
No, Obama won 2 terms in a row.
My dear sir silent sense is better than loud folly show us what you can do which be beneficial to all  not just the rich
You have no popular mandate, having lost the popular vote by 3 million. Loser.
an OLD DOG, kicked enough times by a wicked mean master will flee! PASTOR'S were CORRECT! Wait 2 run till '15 let'em suffer
*and won the majority of Americans votes. You lost and will continue to lose the respect of Americans tweet by tweet
hillary was better
President Trump won after the second debate...Logic Won..bushwa lost.
Donald I have a new idea for the entertainment at your inauguration. You could be shot out of a cannon.
Could he have a ginormous iPad that he tweets with whilst flying out of the cannon? That would be YUGE!
tricky.
and those people will soon wake up devasted and regretful of their decision, many already do
Sir, exactly!
You won!!!! And would win against O!!! Period. :)
http://freedomdaily.com/obama-army-chief-resigns/ …
Good thing the video was present!
@realDonaldTjump it won't be great it will be a disaster
the voters had no chance to make America great with you as a candidate
voters spoke but electoral took it. You are going to have resistance of the people. THAT is what will make history
@mike_pence TIME MAGA! MAGA!  "Grab em by the PUSSY•
he used my tax dollars to campaign for Clinton. That man needs to be empeached NOW.

People are finally realizing what a liar he is. No respect for America and our legacy. He wants one world government
NO YOUR IMPLORABLES WANTED A DICATOR AND A BULLY IN THE WHITEHOUSE. THAT'S ALL!!!!  AMERICA IS ALREADY GREAT!!
the popular vote didn't. #electoralcollege win... luckily #notmypresident
So they voted for Hillary. Who won by 3 million votes, whiny boy.
hmmm
Hahaha you are such a joke!
Uh... Obama actually won far more decisively than you did. Both times.
As well as they could! If you want real views of America an how to,make it great,put me on a team,in priceless
they couldn't vote for him ....
the electoral college wanted to make america great again lol not the majority of america
but we got atrocious Trump instead
less than 40% of america think you are the answer.  So sad they will be so disappointed.
We Want to Make America Real Again not Fake!  Follow Me @kmarshallcbet
You gulled and intentionally mislead your voter base.  They wake, you're like Mussollini-- killed for his vanity and hubris
nothing more interesting to tweet today? You REALLY are a CHILD.
I just wanna say, you are by far my favorite person in all of everywhere
he is egomania and narcissistic borderline personality will not allow him to accept your win. President Donald Trump.
@greeneyes0084 Maybe we should take the high road and invite lame duck Obama to #MAGA
#MAGA #IMWITHYOU #TRUMP
was Obama running for president? Isn't America a continent??
Ignoring a business man with billions, or communicating poorly publicly is a sign of weakness. Try to understand a position.
How to make America great again? Just hot air on line?

Obama would never have won a third term. A "third term" would've been Hillary. And she lost. So by that logic, Obama lost.
u did not get our votes; u won cuz as u said, the system is rigged


@BarackObama campaigned hard for @HilaryClinton, unprecedented! Still didn't help, lacked a new, clear goal for America!
shut up Clownstick
I think we should make America Fun again too much misery going on
Not one of your cult followers have ever been able to clearly define what that vague slogan means. What would be great?
Twitty, the plurality of voters already knew that the US is great. And, we think that you're a con.   #WereStillHere :)
you lost by 12 million votes, numbskull
Find better things to tweet about and get over your YUGE freaking Ego, ya tool bag.
yes..  And am glad you won.  #MAGA
and yet they voted for you. Go figure.
America is GREAT you douchecanoe!  Thanks to Obama - now you're going to fuck it all up :(

http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-12-30/trump-exactly-where-elites-want-him …
Trump exactly where elites want him !!!
https://m.facebook.com/darryl.kinney2#!/story.php?story_fbid=10212743442167662&id=1435398287&refid=17&__tn__=%2As …
American is Great all you will do is continue in the destruction of a democracy, you have no idea what the job takes
Lololol What should I say?
