Trump says pests about Canadian health system, it is envy because is the best system in the world.
Then why do Canadians come to America for medical care when they have the "best system"?
We can not deny that in America there are hospitals with good special treatments.
"Special Treatments" heal the sick, Ali.
.@crazymountain52 @realDonaldTrump  we look for specialists,the hospitals are the best,most importantly everybody has health care.
And America would have healthcare for everyone if we wanted a 50 to 70% tax hike......
Even like that 24 million wont have health care,will be only for the rich and politicians,Trump friends.
now you are reading a script, Ali. I refuse to speak with a non-thinker
You're an embarrassment to USA, go away, nobody around the world like you.
we don't care what people around the world think. Time to put #AmericaFirst again.
Okay get ready for your DICTATOR.
Trump do you know where Canada is?
why don't you spend your time attacking the actual opponent instead of the Republican speaker of the House. Oh right ur a D
slime ball Ryan has attacked by not supporting THE REPUBLICAN NOMINEE
how about Donald stop being so thinned skinned &focus on defeating Hillary &keeping the majority in congress
congress won't be congress if they don't get behind the nominee the people voted for....
well considering the nominee is telling people to not vote republicans I'm sure the democrats will be fine.
at this point there is no difference between dems &repub most repub gave O EVERYTHING he wanted Which didn't represent ppl.
Fuck the GOP and Dem establishment! They have been against the people for years. Trump will clean up Washington+corps+Media
They are fake and never had your back, we the people have your back don't need establishment only the people!
You are in a small majority of people.  The majority of Americans want his pathological lying ass out of the White House.
The # BlueWave is coming!!!  It's gonna' be a great ride!!  
#RegisterAndVote
I agree that Ryan is being a major loser. Shouldn't we focus on how we're going to beat Clinton in the coming election
let's #MAGAX3

@marcorubio @senrobportman @SenRonJohnson @SenatorKirk @RoyBlunt @BurrForSenate @kellyayotte @PatToomey @JohnnyIsakson
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
fuck off
Even Brietbart, your own campaign managers site, it posting articles by conservatives saying VOTE FOR HILLARY
Knowing you Forest Trump, you probably can't realize your the reason for the disloyalty... Run Forest Run...
Donald, You need to pull the Republican party together. Stop Tweeting bad things about Paul Ryan. He is a Republican.
Paul, make a complete break from Trump before he takes you down with him.
that's good to hear. Paul Ryan and all republicans should get behind Mr. Trump, our candidate, 100%. PERIOD
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.

Please move forward, your wasting energy on Ryan when the people need a strong leader,you have a big fight more yet to come
I respect Ryan for his loyalty to his conscience and his morals! You on the other hand have none and get no respect!!
you actually tweeted something where you didn't repeat yourself. #iplayvictim #waaaaa #loser
Not according to Republican members of Congress
DROP OUT OF THE RACE!!

Oh baby, here you go again...
Ryan is not disloyal to his boss "Bush"! He has his head so far up his butt Bush looks like he's grown two more legs
America needs a person like Paul Ryan like it needs a horrible stone in the shoe - backstabber

And the enemy right now is this scourge that has taken over the republican party.  @GOP @GOPChairwoman @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @POTUS @FansOfPotus
Disloyalty to what?
Ryan didn't support DJT in first place, his 'defection' isn't unexpected.  Is disappointing demonstrates lack of leadership
So get rid of him. Do you want me to go show you how it's done? I'd clean house on your so called followers.
@benshapiro Delusional Donald. Sad.
Why do you keep sniffling?
any chance you may still support Paul Ryan for Speaker if Republicans hold the house?
Paul Ryan's very weak and ineffective leadership has you tanking to 37% in another poll, @realDonaldTrump! DISASTER! http://bit.ly/2e3a3jh 
It's a waste of calories to fuss over Ryan .......let him go

ryan runs away like a little boy as soon as there's just a little bit of trouble he's not dedicated to the Republican
You see the polls? Not good. Not good. Sad!
I´m a woman - I´m from South America . I love Trump . He´s the President for me .
My family does !!
at least he supports women
Bill Clinton has taken more than 10 flights on Epstien's lolita express.
Yet weirdly its trump who has a lawsuit pending this December for raping a 13 year old!
which has been dismissed in every court it's been brought to.
Try harder shill.
You'll see. Unless he moves to Syria with you after losing by a landslide and being humiliated
And they call ISIS deluded, but you take the fucking cake
@StacyBrewer18 He's a Democrat, not working for you #POTUS  or for the people of this great nation!
STOP RUNNING THE COUNTRY INTO THE GROUND, GET OFF TWITTER. @Kryingkrys
Aging ... interestingly. #FAKEpresident #IlligitimatePresident #LOSER

Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
#Trump loyal to the almighty dollar-requires loyalty like your average #Tyrant is loyal to HIMSELF period
Trump is a sexual predator is has a rape case pending, along with other court cases for fraud, racketeering not
I'm a traitor because I believe Trump is a pathological liar who is a sexual predator along with a cheat, fraud
"FAIR MINDED" - that's priceless - you might want to check back into reality.
everything I stated is factual. You are brainwashed by Trump. But it doesn't matter anymore, there is no way he
If it's factual then I'm sure you have some evidence to back up your claims. Right? @JanuaVeritas @Early__May
its on the news but if you don't believe what you hear/read look up-court filings are public record
Here is your “legacy of achievement”  @SpeakerRyan
Ryan nor McConnell for that matter does not owe you any loyalty. Their loyalty is to the Consittution.
This is your way to deflect, you should go down along with Putin and Assad. In flames.
@mike4trump @SpeakerRyan "I once was weak but am made strong to serve my @Potus agenda with all colleagues inCongress #MAGA
I never have trusted Paul Ryan.
This one has aged well.
“A Tweet For Every Occasion”
Mr. Ryan and fellow members probably will have to suspend voting to save themselves.
cc:@PRyan

seriously is there a real Donald Trump
FORGET Paul Ryan, concentrate on Hillary ONLY, there is so much to go after, & more & more every day. We need U 2 win! MAGA
.@realDonaldTrump @Bidenshairplugz @SpeakerRyan is spineless, windbag politician w/ no regard for the country or his constituency.
Ryan was invisible thus far on campaign for President!  His odd behavior is recognized by #TrumpTrain #Deplorables 
We are wild over his blindness and Establishment thinking. What was WI thinking?
GOP should move fast for his expulsion.  Ryan is worse than Benedict Arnold.
went wild... Like you do on unwilling women
he is a low life
hahaha we all knew you would have a melt down sooner or later. Spoiled brat can't be the president of the US
once a clown, always a clown. God help our country in the next four years.
so did the rest of us Republicans out here . man can't keep his word he's not a man worth keeping
@ScottBaio is right Paul Ryan is a punk.
I know paul ryan was a rude crud dude love to find some tape on him
You tell 'em, Donald!
if you were half the man Paul Ryan is you would be up by ten points. Instead, you are a child.
You're going to lose. Badly.
Liar liar pants on fire. Only two people on the call raised objections. No one was wild
@SpeakerRyan be a strong leader & demand @DevinNunes resign & an #IndependentCommission to investigate @realDonaldTrump /Russia corruption
sack him when elected he is weak spineless
Never trust him.
He thinks he will be next president some day.
It will never happen. 
People do not trust him.
Corrupt FSA
Because of all the disloyalty and childish behavior of some of the republican party. What hypocrites.
You have the power of the pen to veto this spending bill . Your supporters would rather see you use that than just roll over and accept it .
Trump is taking on the whole crooked polictical and left media system!  Go Donald !!!  You got this woman's vote !!!
Simply put, please do not put your trust in Paul Ryan.
he should have done it much earlier
Spineless is the RNC!The system is broken! WAKE UP RNC.The people voted! Our nominee is DJT!If we lose so does our country!
We the people DESPISE Ryan
Cant u get rid of him
U&the am people deserve better
"P"-Word = Paul Ryan
As well they should, I am so tired of disloyalty in the party. Now she dare to attack Catholics..good bye Hispanics
Unprecedented that a party leaves a nominee in the dust.  Says something about you, huh?
.@realDonaldTrump Ryan's a Dem mole in Rep Party-same as other RINOs! Watch out for a tied electoral count-Congress decides-cd give to Dems!
cheating Donald who would  be loyal to you ? A predator what to be DICTATOR
I am furious with him - we will get back on track - I'm in complete faith
The GOP is crumbling because of @realDonaldTrump's divisive, xenophobic right-wing populism & misogyny. Thank you Donald.
The GOP Establishment is crumbling because they have shown their true colors.
Both GOP & Dems are crumbling because anti-democratic #neoliberal/#neoconservative elite politics has been exposed. #JillStein
you mean they went wild on you for your lunacy... that's what you meant to say
Please FOCUS on Clinton; STOP with the THIN SKIN IMMATURITY. Please do not alienate any more R's. Thats just plain STUPID!
no your supporters are dwindling in your party. All you have left are the uneducated that you pander to
he should have calls from ALL over the country about this...I knew he couldn't be TRUSTED.  FOOL me once, ya know?
I think Most Politicians are afraid Because Donald CANNOT BE BOUGHT OFF !... and WILL stick to HIS AGENDA !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKxQ5mBaZnU …
Hi Donald,  this Ki Tri.....be a man and drop out of the race...love y'all...peace out
get back on track.  HRC is your opponent.
Your rants and temper tantrums are so childish!

What do u mean OUR leader? Your above him right? Your HIS leader. And speaking of a leader that is weak and ineffective
Hey, #PussyGrabber @realDonaldTrump: your whole campaign is based on #disloyalty...to everyone

#DonnySniffles
#GlovesOff
#debates
#Loser#
Ryan has single handily destroyed the Republican Party
He's a gutless punk!
Remember this? I do. Traitors betray, that's what they do. You are being played for a fool by Ryan and GOPe. Wake up.
PR isn't disloyal. He just can't support such a disgraceful Republican presidential candidate and he's not alone.
@SpeakerRyan should be forced to resign from Republican Party & from drwg a paycheck from taxpayers
http://disgusting.n.No  leader at all.
are you in 3rd grade? U go all evil if something bad said about you! And drool if they act like thy like u! #putin #hannity
@greeneyes0084 what do expect their goals and desires R not ours. They want the same ol same ol despicable
He's a RAT
I'm not a @SpeakerRyan fan, but you aren't even remotely close to 1/4 of his intellectual prowess. End your delusions.
Make America  great again and thump trump , get rid of this egomaniacal , simpleton of a loser
Donald, don't pick em off, just be yer own man!
Just realiase that you better than all the rest.
Paul Ryan just said he couldn't defend locker room comments. He didn't say he wouldn't vote for you.
u r not even a leader.. u are w whiner complainer and finger pointer...
He can find $$ for Visas & PP but not a Wall?? He needs to resign immed.
Mr President I'm happy you are finally seeing what he was doing. He was trying to hurt Americans & sabotage your reelection. God Bless you!

Translation: "I'm gonna burn it all down. They'll be sorry now. Fuck with Donald J. Trump and you fuck with the BEST. You're dead. Dead!" https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/785842546878578688 …
Trump I am behind you at this point but a REAL LEADER brings people together NOT break up the Rep Party
#doubledown.
this is what i think
Dear Mr, Trump - you are not a Republican and Ryan will be Pres. in 2020.  Regular Republicans will stand behind Paul!!!!
We would need a list of write in names to write in, in those districts and states,  before Nov 8.   Please provide.
keep up the weak chin!
Ryan need to distance himself from you Rapist.
Paul Ryan is all too effective. It's just that he's working for someone else
We need a petition.  To remove him along with his D wife and Advisor Dan Senor.
Weak Ryan is in bed with Democrats, period.
Big companies don't mind the regulations cause they're market entry barriers new competitors, Trump will help new companys
If crooked Hillary wins, hope we have  rising unemployment & financial disasters. Only way they will learn.
should destroy Paul ryan
Just a handful did.  Stop lying.
Let it go...get on with what you have to do when you take office!
Paul Ryan is an Elitist RINO. NO Paul, NO more TRAITOROUS, LYING, RINOS. AGAIN Snatching DEFEAT from the jaws of VICTORY!
Ryan, McConnell and the rest of that cabal are scum and should be through out of office. Two terms only at any level.
no, they went wild because of his support knowing you're damaging all down ticket races.
It's late. Put on your diaper and go to bed.
be nice
speaking of weak and ineffective, how you holdin' up Donny?
Says the very effective leader whose brilliant foreign policy platform includes "We need to do something about ISIS"
since you have saved so much bucks from not having to pay USA Uncle Sam please set up a seminar so we can learn #howitworks
Trump- Fall Guy for the Global Economic Collapse
: Donald, if you could only stop acting juvenile you would gain a lot more support, how can anyone take you seriously?
Trump doesn't need Ryan to win the election. We don't need Ryan as Speaker.

@VickyBrush we back you mr trump. I could care less about the Republican Party. I vote for America. NOT Republican Party
media biased we know the polls are rigged the silent majority  votes this time stick to message Army gets elite at polls
@SpeakerRyan has character
His decency, & the courage & honor of @SenJohnMcCain has NEVER been in your reach!
Screw Ryan! Focus on VOTERS! WE will elect YOU! We need more TV ADS! Do we want a country or open space between Mex & Can?
. Is this real?  Are you really turning on Paul Ryan?  (Trying to figure if it's safe to laugh my head off.)
He will lose his job because of this.  We will support anyone running against any of these traitors!
You have no ground game dude.  You lost, because you are you.  Get over it already. #notrumpgroundgame
DON'T love this tweet; love the other one.
stop and go after Hillary don't fight with party
You are not running against Paul Ryan, or any other Republican!  Get a grip!
He's a darn RINO, and a shit for brains one at that. I'm sure he was just waiting for an opportunity to back out .Coward !!
Ha! Says the "leader" who lost a billion dollars running a casino.
ryan prolly had a #badmic
just please look at the tech side American colleges provide enough tech resources H1-B people are taking jobs
This proves people do not have a clue, as you see no common sense what so ever who.
OH, GREAT. You'll never get elected bashing Republicans. Get over it and concentrate on Hillary.
I hope you will replace PaulRyan as GOP house speaker with somone with more moral grounds and common sense.
