Real Americans love U Mr. Trump. Thank you for keeping your promises. I lost my job due to corruption and Democrats.
ARE YOU STILL THANKING HIM? THEY ARE NOT!!!
You make me smile, @realDonaldTrump!  I light up lile a Christmas tree! @RepBJNikkel
- Isn't this kind of follow through just refreshing?!!! It really does give hope @realDonaldTrump
I'm thrilled. I'm more than ecstatic for the next 4 years! Oh and, you folks are way due for snow, right? 
@RepBJNikkel @realDonaldTrump
Everyone wanting real change is thrilled! And yes, snow's coming early next wk. Time to dust off snowshoes! @realDonaldTrump
Why do you need an air-conditioner, Donald Trump?
we need better air conditioners in a way, but I'm thinking: you should be a manufacturer then, not a president
then, as much as you know more good people, businesses, whatever,/: this note is more than 'lame.'  I am kind of positive
If Carrier is the last name of a person or something, and he/she just sells air conditioners in Indiana of a good company,
conditioners for people, and now they are, good, but no: we ought to start using less air conditioning; a long time ago.
Okay but there's nothing exciting about air conditioners.  I mean: if Carrier is a town that never thought to sell air
Based on reports, #Carrier makes gas furnaces at that plant, not air conditioners.
Trump doesn't read reports, Trump doesn't read period!
Doesn’t THINK
ANOTHER LIE!!!
Great job, Donald.
Is that factory still there, or in Guadalajara?
Must not have sold enough air conditioners.  What happened Donny? Another broken promise from our broken president.
how about u do all usa a big fav and move out of the usa no one wants you here or as the president
everyone wants him as a president - the majority want him that's why he's in power. You are not American.
And neither are you, and the majority voted for Hillary, don't let the facts hit you cobber.
The majority of Hillary votes came ONLY from places like Calif* and NY- not the rest of USA
@Mr_Bobblehead73 @TechPcGamer @realDonaldTrump
I love when trump fans get abusive, shows how they are so easy to rile, lol
I was being descriptive, not abusive, of you
@Mr_Bobblehead73 @TechPcGamer @realDonaldTrump
More layoffs planned at Carrier plant Trump promised to save http://fxn.ws/2zv4eJd  #FoxNews
Good, because I need a new air conditioner.
thank you president
. He is not the President.
nobody is saying he is not the President elect. Why are you so upset that people correct you?
did you know that this division of Carrier is manufacturing furnaces, but you are so ignorant about anything.
I'm going to start being more cautious and buying American when I can. I'll start with Christmas.
make sure not to purchase Trump products then because they are NOT made in America!
So u buy nothing but American lol He is bringing America back again unlike liberals who oppress.
She will suffer in pain and most likely die so PLEASE help the low income people keep tax breaks
she got on Obama care as the only way to afford insurance. Without out the tax deductions Obama care provide
Has been handicapted for 20 year but we could afford insurance for her until my health failed me
I don't know how you can sleep at night if you let 20 million people go without insurance. I am handicapped and my wife
@First1Mrs your baseball caps are np ade in China u looser. Hypocrite
please fire all of BHO hired staff especially advisors at the Oval placed in new position recently. DANGER to NL SECURITY
There is something seriously wrong with you Donald some will take your bait but millions know Corp Welfare is Cancer and u2
can you do somthing about social security?
that's how you do it.
while you're on tour, maybe they can show you the factory they're building in Mexico with US taxpayer dollars. #Hack
Just try to keep the cost down for the middle and lower class. We aren't wealthy.
who cares gad or electric. Such an immature short sighted way to undermine credibility ! Sore losers.
gas not gad ? Now who is the bright one.
know how busy u are praying you can address this
at a higher price with less American workers/jobs Carrier set the example, Trump is weak & makes bad deals for USA.
yea with 7million dollars in tax breaks... Thanks a lot.
Hey, You didn't get anyone to stay in the US, You bribed the companywith Indiana money. No money of your own?
I said right away you were going to be next President they didn't believe me
hey, who's fault is it again? The unions, or the Mexicans? You're never going to make sense.
We'd be happier here in Indiana if you'd stay the hell out of our state.
well done!
WE DESERVE BETTER THAN YOU
the plan to have Pence remain as Gov so he could skim money to Carrier. Not on that will keep working.
why just half the jobs and it cost 7 million dollars
They make gas furnaces 
He @realdonaldtrump is no good at all! So FAKE.
Absolutely love your approach to working for the good USA.
YOU WILL MAKE US GREAT AGAIN.
GO!!!!!!!
odd
choose RAND PAUL YOUR SEC OF STATE, BEST CHOICE
how many us jobs were saved and how much of the GDP was saved?
They make furnaces there. And why not save all the jobs? What happened to tariffs/penalties for outsourcing?
would you ever punish a citizen with brutality for insulting you in twitter?
This is a weird tweet
you lied to them
Such a terrible deal with Carrier. 1,300 jobs gone to Mexico. $7 million in tax incentives. Very, very not good. SAD!
please fire your campaign manager as she can not answer a simple yes or no question by giving 1000 word   Non-answer

I don't even know why I read hair conditioner. #toomuchwine
&build them in Mexico. Your deal w/Carrier is a sham the taxpayers will pay for #DipshitElect #MathIsHard
so Indiana paid 7 million to @Carrier to ship 1000 jobs to Mexico. Where are the consequences you talked about
please check out the General Electric Lamp plant in Circleville Ohio . Same story as Carrier. 55 years lost to overseas ! T
still allowing jobs to go to Mexico?
Another metric: Trump would have to do one Carrier-size deal a week for 30 yrs to save as many jobs as Obama's auto bailout
Now that they are getting a $7 million corporate welfare handout and still send 1000 jobs to Mexico, they don't need to.
Bribed them did you!
they're sending1000 of2000 jobs to Mexico, and you're giving them a tax break when you promised a tax on exporting business
President, the soviets help us in the elections?
.....than to open it and remove all doubt
JACKASS    https://thinkprogress.org/carrier-automation-trump-deal-more-layoffs-db2554f46297#.rw1g22a8w …
You lied!
air conditioners, eh?
Good deal-save 7k jobs-thx; Great Deal-save all the jobs; Huge Deal-save all the job and get Carrier to build a new US factory. B+ effort.
@TheView Did Pres Obama WRITE his book while in office? Apples and oranges @candacecbure
Now you'll need to bribe all corps. Better plan would be to execute board chair & CEO of corp. moving jobs out of U.S.
#Resist
Most of their products are furnaces, not Air Conditioners..Wrong again! #crookedtrump
PLEASE CHECK OUT TUCKERS FOX REPORT ON ELECTORAL COLLEGE COO
rofl Chuck Jones is my hero!! Oh - can't forget @AlecBaldwin now...he's got you down cold and pissing you off?...priceless
they just announced increased prices.Can you do anything to stop that? Not a good way to thank you for their tax break.
- thank you. I voted for you for two reasons 1, jobs in America 2, making us safe again. Keep up the good work!
How vested are you? 7 million $ to save 850 jobs? Now I have a better grasp on how your many companies failed.
I will never buy a Carrier! I had one once, NEVER again!
Ha! To lie in their faces?
This entire deal is a flop...yet another #Trump scam.
Come see us in KY daddyTrump!
Thank you you are making us all proud...
Air conditioner sales will go through the roof with the amount of hot air you are dispensing.
Be careful about the plan crash on ur way there.
politicians shouldn't pick corporate winners and losers
You misrepresented the jobs saved, a good chunk of those never need to be saved because they werent leaving to begin with.
If you keep bullshitting like this it will come to haunt you
Every time you misrepresent the facts, from the election til 4yrs from now, you'll be losing the votes of us, including me
I'm perplexed as to how someone of your social stature & privileged upbringing can have such poor grammar in 160 characters
God bless you my amiable President  Pslm118:17& Pslm 121:6&7
Goodevening
Hi
http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/309077-carrier-union-leader-trump-lied-his-a-off-about-deal …
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @newscomauHQ
U should cm visit me. I hv PTSD, on disability, which mks me feel worthless ( had 3 jobs) I'm a woman. I hv a lot 2 offers
lol
http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/309077-carrier-union-leader-trump-lied-his-a-off-about-deal …
Trump 16 million tax cut for Carrier will be used to build automation to fire workers' jobs he "saved."
Imagine, the Donny lied to Carrier and the world.  1400 jobs not saved - only 700.  Other 700 going to Mexico.  FACT!
Because of trump which will create 50,000 American jobs Trump you are the man and you haven't even started yet God blessU
Pre Elect President, has already started making in creating American jobs Chinese company will invest in America
Too bad they don't leave more jobs here.  Take a swing at the $5b in Govt. contracts and require the work done here!

Well, how's that deal looking now #DodgyDon? http://cnb.cx/2hdD3pY 
trump gonna tear naptown up!!!
I'll never do business with Carrier again.
The workers that you screwed with your corruption

Tight bro... thanks for the update
this technology can make them more efficient ..http://rexresearch.com/rotoverter/rotoverter.htm … does the inventor needs to go to china to make it ?
From their new Mexican factory after laying off a ton despite your bribe. Loser.
I pray 4 u even if you try to take away my healthcare.my dad died waitin for care as a vet. Do the right thing by us
fake#manBaby problem solved
You spent $7M to save 38% of jobs, with 1300 still going to Mexico You're a real Financial Blizzard
clearly domestic economic policy isn't his best subject...
Nothing seems to be.
except his twitter machine and the art of fabrication & manipulation.
.... said Carrier shareholder lol
furnaces...they make furnaces at that plant:)
we will need all the air conditioning when the ozone erupts so, cool thanks
please remind Americans to support companies that support American Workers!!!
b.
The MAGA hat is missing some letters. It should say 'MAGGOT' #notmypresident National embarrassment!
Bribed Carrier at tax payers expense. Tax payers will subsidize Carrier's payroll for those 1,000 workers. Less $$ educ.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sW85ZcswiqM …
. Don't lie, the governor of Indiana gave a 7 millions dollars of tax break and still they close some job and be sent to mex
?????
Obama press secretary said 8yrs worth jobs saved with Obama. Trump saved 1 company for free not getting paid yet. TOP THAT!
you bribed Carrier.  Are you going to bribe other US employers.  Just more stunts from Trump.
please keep the vision and the strength to follow thru even if it means taking a detour occassionally.
I voted Republican
Slovenia makes water a constitutional right.  Research!
you are awesome!#amazingpresident
you "saved" half the jobs by giving them a tax break. What a fucking hero you are.
.@realDonaldTrump Is the first sentence in the imperative? Is it a command? Or did you mean, 'I am looking forward to going to ...'? Sloppy!


Boycott Trump App Ranks Among Top 10 In App Store http://www.inquisitr.com/3758132/boycott-trump-app-ranks-allegedly-among-top-10-in-app-store/ … #recount2016 #auditthevote
.@realDonaldTrump Good job screwing Indiana taxpayers on this! But you'll get a dividend, right?
great point! No one does a better impersonation of a President Trump than YOU!
nice work, but how are you planning on making up for all the tax breaks you're giving out.
great job thank you sir
show you mean it! have your products made in USA.  Man up!
latest from the White House taking credit for creating jobs.Need to keep them in the USA! Smart to do what you're doing.
Carrier gets $7 mill in #taxpayersmoney to stay. Trump campaigned against such incentives before Nov 8. Another #Trumpscam
was weak with carrier backed down on tariffs ...carrier should have been forced ..not bought ..thats weak real weak sad!!
Mexico creating more jobs thanks to Carrier than Indiana retaining. Indiana taxpayers paying millions for the privilege
turn up the heat on these companies!
#icecold #chilly
. @realDonaldTrump I will never buy a Carrier conditioner again after they did this deal with the devil.
I Love to see the denial in some. He WON you lost get over it All traces of Obama will be gone in one year
After you sued them I guess they are still in business, now you paid them 7 million dollars to keep low paying jobs here..
I will NEVER buy a #Carrier AC. You ruined them like you ruined America.
welfare for corporate
Good Job Buddy I never doubted you.
But No Romney!  Please!!
Feel the Bern!
Carrier gets millions in tax breaks. Indiana loses thousands of jobs. United Technologies took Trump hostage and won.
we love you Donald, you make me proud to be American
at whose expense, dipshit?  The taxpayers who actually pay taxes, that's who !
your kicking it good job
can you provide us with the d tails of the deal you made? Just curious if there may be something for me to learn is all thx
I hear a 700 mil tax break. So tax break or lay them off and pay them unemployment. 7k per emp or 20k per
it's all good, just want to understand and see if it's replicatable. Where does the $7m get made up from?
Either pay them 15-20 k when they unemployed or give the company a tax credit I think.
the tax crecit happens over a 3 year period so how does Indiana make up for the yearly $2.3million in shortfall?
IDK? They dont have to give them unemployment?
making America great... with tax cuts... again and again. #bribessupereffective
You are a looser and America detested you and we hope you will be impeached soon!
or are you a one trick pony?
you mean heaters.   Don't even know the details of the jobs you bargained for?
