the liberals are still crying.  I love it.  Thank you President Trump for not letting the illegal and felon vote win.
@AynsFriend @realDonaldTrump let's not forget the dead voters!
@AshleyAngelo2 
the joke is on us have a good laugh cause you and yours are the only ones that are laughing
you should not be be in charge I cannot even say the words you claim the system is rid and boy did you rid it
: Great, Now I suggest you put someone on your cabinet that has a cyber background... that is where help is required...
Thank you for the Ex Order for cyber security.
If I were you I would create a hybrid cloud env using Drupal method. If you have questions I an American would be happy to explain further.
did you let the American people down
is he a Putin lover too?
all you VB are doing Trump is putting your buddies in play the only one that will benefit from it is you and your
Je bein de faire à toi
No, @realDonaldTrump! We demand your tax returns. We demand total #Divestiture of business interests & a real #BlindTrust. #ComplyOrResign
get a life and job! Bet you don't have one...
you lost the election by 2.5 million. Hope he does too.
Never once before in the history of America has the argument "You should stop taking him so seriously" been used to defend a President
Hillary won California by 3M lost rest of America by 1M
Yeah because fuck Californians. Their votes count less, right?
https://www.google.com/amp/nypost.com/2016/09/21/it-will-soon-be-illegal-for-cows-to-fart-in-california/amp/?client=ms-android-americamovil-us&espv=1 … Any state that wants to regulate cow farts shouldn't get to vote.
"They disagree with me. So they shouldn't have their democratic rights." listen to urself
Wow, their vote was counted. popular vote doesn't elect president is hard to understand
Yes, and it should. Because you are not worth more than me, even if you think you are.
No it shouldn't. Each state has a right to be heard!
John Kennedy election today was just called we have another Republican Senator! Congratulations
#pixoritdidnthappen
Just watched UR Speech in LA Sir, via Right Side Broadcasting! GREAT JOB SIR! Hope UR having a Great time, UR cab pics R #1
Then he must be a very bad choice for America!
and America's Choice for president is Hillary Clinton
you and Kennedy are so much alike. That's why he will not get my vote.
There was no choice for us
U Have DELEGATED the job to every1 else bt urself. I guess u wl b walking around with a substance less title.
Don you don't hold a candle to Chuck Jones
let me guess..he is rich and donated money to you.....
It's time @realDonaldTrump that you DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT 
You are looking foolish!!
If you cared about us you wouldn't have nominated Bug Oil bagman for EPA
@KatrinaPierson Louisiana has courage, ability, strength, and power to help make America greater than ever, pure hearted.
Tell Mitch McConnell that he is stuck with Joe Manchin for only two more years. He can't win in 2018. No for Sec. of State.
praying for you and your wonderful staff picks, every day. So thankful there is still hope for my grandchildrens future.
John Kennedy is a FAKE! Beware of him!
He is a credit grabbing turncoat and Shyster lawyer! Don't trust!
who cares?  Focus.

What a name — JHN KNNDY!
I hope he lose then you could give him a job in your cabinet.
watch Paul Ryan CLOSE!! SNAKE he is
You don't have a vote.
Bahahahahaha!!He didn't deserve the name John Kennedy!!
GREAT call King Don!
good choice
David Duke
# John Kennedy
help maybe if you've time to reunite my wife and i
we don't care who your choice is, loser
Blow me.
Is this election rigged, too?
u just lost him the election.#DumpTrump
He has my support just because of the name .POTUS Donald Trump,will be in that same class"I know you will be great""

well if he's your choice, then it's clear he must suck.
milk is believed to be hot but as time goes on it becomes more cold dat water
Uh yeah. Your choices are going over so well with the public (remember us? You're s'posed to be our pres too) #HillaryWon
Ps.3.8
From the Lord comes deliverance. May your blessing be on your people. #InGodWeTrust #GodBlessAmerica [1/2]
#OneNationUnderGOD #MerryChristmas [2/2]
STOP TWEETING! Be Presidential
I have complete faith in your judgement and support you 100 percent.
such a thing you have a very low value of youself
Louisiana citizens, make sure you vote -- AGAINST KENNEDY!
Ps.149.4
For the Lord takes delight in his people; he crowns the humble with victory. #GodBlessAmerica #InGodWeTrust [1/2]
#MerryChristmas #OneNationUnderGOD [2/2]
why are you selecting Democrats, and we hope that you're not being suckered in by Alan Gore over fake global warming.
you're my choice for prison!  #CHEATER #GRABHISPUSSY
I disagree
@WoMoAce trump strategist..wise at heart.knows what he wants to make america great again..
That's call riding d "coattails" cuz d private sector doesn't hv ts where a private person endorses another Only politics!!
who cares what you think
You have no say. #NotHowItWorks #Unfit #Unqualified #GOP
Compare the photo ids issued in NY & CA to those who voted in NY & CA
that would be way to easy...
I hope you are not thinking about Gore.
Yayyy he picked himmmmmm
go ahead we r with  u son ur real face of usa and our real hero who'll make us all g8 .plz make us g8

That ought to guarantee him a loss!
His 'name' hurts him. There could only be one John Kennedy and John Kennedy is no John Kennedy.
There's a reason to vote against him
whatever. This #nastywoman voted early for @CampbellforLa #voteFoster
We love you Mr. Trump.
LIAR.LIAR.LIAR.
HEY DICKLICK YR ON YR WAY TO SOME GLORIOUS TIMES FUCKIN UP THE PRESIDENTIAL FORMAT I KNOW THATS A WORD U DONT UNDERSTAND
sorry, but you do not live in Louisiana .  Who cares who your pick is?  You are not eligible to vote.
Climate change is stealing US tax dollars!
#FightforLA http://www.fostercampbell2016.com/donate/ 
Duh...can't be your choice since you don't live there...do you know anything about government???
unless you live in Louisiana, you have no vote on their senator.
Can people still vote up to ten times each?
it regulations were created to prevent corruption.  The mortgage mess should have set an example
wall Street has been in ghetto white house for decades. Look where that got us. Deregulation isn't always bad.
all they are interested in is creating a better environment for greedy unethical people that will take us further into ruin
why did you pick a wall Street guy to head the treasury? It's like telling the wolf to safeguard the chickens.
thought you were going to drain swamp, not fill it and dive in!
who the hell cares.  You don't get a vote in Louisiana.
SAY NO TO SARA PALIN, ESPECIALLY FOR THE VA, SERIOUS  CONFLICT
SHES THE REASON I VOTED FOR OBAMA, ONCE
Except you don't get to choose.
INCOMING!
who cares..don't vote for the guy..
@Dc37Deborah THIS is what Jill stein and Hillary plotting
@Dc37Deborah
well its a good name. Any relation to THE Kennedys?
DEMOCRAT
#TRUMPNATION
John Kennedy bankrupted LA with Bobby Jindal and spent taxpayer money on private offices. Very Bad Swamp Dweller.
that's nice. You do know that it's not up to you, right?

he has my vote
don't play that endorsement game. End the game/Get away from corrupt endorsements. Don't let them conform you! Make it real
I live in Louisiana and I voted for him in early voting. Not many out voting.

u think UR endorsement is  to other's campaigns? Ur really feelin urself, huh? BTW, pls feel free 2 retweet any of my ! 
no he isn't
Too bad you have NO SAY in what a state chooses as their senator.
Done!!
@KatrinaPierson l bet
which is why he is obviously the wrong choice.
barf
Only 1 John Kennedy and he was murdered.
Well that means I am voting for his opponent lol. #DrainTheSwamp

John Kennedy is an ignorant ass. Have you ever heard him speak in public? No wonder you endorse him, birds of a feather....
thanks for keeping us informed
With a name like that I'd vote for him if I lived out there... 
Help President-elect Trump add one more GOP seat in the Senate so he can Make  America Great Again!!
what makes him your choice?
how many votes have you had cast for him?
good choice .Do what is in your heart to do. Don't look for validation with the choices you make. You are brilliant!! Sexy
We need a tax clemency immediately
Really?  Nothing better to do than tweet abbout SNL? Hides your criminal activity.
We really love the fine  work you are doing assembling such a great cabinet.  #CaliforniaLovesTrump
you guys are mostly all ignorant!
Well...if he's your choice...
- What significant ideologies does #SteveBannon provide to make America great "again"? Racism or sexism? #breitbartnews
Trump's choice is tacky gold fixtures on every faucet and a trophy wife and kid with autism.
all crimes need to be tried.
where are your taxes
You can't attend intel briefings, but you can whinge on twitter? Baaah, baaaah. baaaah!!!
love it! Adorable
Doesn't matter who your choice is - remember YOU weren't the choice of the majority - BY FAR!
great. Thx 4 letting the Louisiana folks who NOT to vote for!
Ok! Thank for letting me know that I am right to vote for FOSTER CAMPBELL for US Senator from La.!
you are an infant
NOT MINE! Good thing we can't vote, eh Donald? Or did you...
threefer.
have you seen louisianas budget crisis?
Hand-picked by the popular vote #loser. Make sure those D voters are suppressed, not-yet-PEOTUS. #NullifyTrump
.
had you pinned as more of a David Duke kinda guy hmm
Sir...continue your of plan  By pass the media. The call to Taiwan good. China holds 30 year leases in key Ports of S.A.
WRONG
Nope. #notmysenator, #notmypresident
who cares about your choice.
your picks make me believe you have thrown a lot of names in a hat(all top 1% $)and reach in blindly for the next position
All this division  & slamming isnt doing anyone any good & no one cares. Cut it out & find some good to do. plenty need hel
@SandiMasopust -Mr. Trump, are you worried about the Electoral College and how they will vote? I am. With all the threats
cant any of you people find something good to do instead of this crap. Seriously, stop the bs & find some good to do.
Vote for my choice or I'll have another Twitter TanTrump!
Thin skinned cwybaby "leader".
Carry on with good work,,we Biafrans shall continue to pray for you.
No one cares who your choice is...the decision belongs to Louisana residents...
Convence your supporters that you're DRAINING THE SWAMP; instead filling it w/more alligators ur supporters should be upset
