@SpeakerRyan @mike_pence @RepJohnDuncanJr @SenBobCorker @SenAlexander @SenateMajLdr





THANK YOU for supporting the American people during the #debates You are our only voice.We must stop her.
did you even watch the debates? He thinks you’re stupid for paying taxes, because he didn’t @realDonaldTrump
I watched&relished every 2nd.Mr.Hillary bot ..lol
“second” the unit of time is not the same as “2nd” the ordinal number. Also: spaces and punctuation. “lol”
sorry..i offended ur sensibilities..typing fast..having fun..arent u?   #Trump2016
how about this: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/265895292191248385 … ? He said he didn’t say that. But… there it is!
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
You are truly wasting my time(& yours).I hate Clinton with the burning heat of a thousand suns(as do many)by dear
YOU CAN'T TRUST CORRUPT #Hillary #Clinton  #CNN #AP #FoxNews #Yahoo #Google #CBSNews #Twitter #MSNBC #Trump #debatenight
whenever she moves her lips, she lies!!! She had access to the questions prior to the debate Her answers were to rehearsed
Don't follow Mc Masters advice-troops to Afghanistan. Remember whnRussia pulled out.We need to leave for same reason unless a direct threat
Drivel. These are all policy issues. As the 'Pres.' of Spain learned today, you can barely spell policy. And thanks for heads up re Atlantic
@loman920 @HillaryClinton Rewrite the order and put it out again. Keep rewriting it every time they sue.
Yes please. That will make you look even worse!!
Read the constitution!
Is that supposed to be a response?
Read the constitution!!!!!
Oh, I get it. You're a bot. Time for a reboot
Nope, but I read the constitution.POTUS is totally within his rights.
Who said he wasn't?  I was encouraging him to continue making an ass of himself.

but you forgot the 60 plus embassies attacked under Bush, the fact she had political budget cuts


#IgnorantNationDay Russia has WHAT? Why are you always Rimming Russia's Dictator then?
We have to rebuild our military forces increaseing number of warplanes, Aircraft carriers, tanks,soldiers, marines airmen
Of you knew what a nuclear weapon was, you wouldn't be ignorant enough to call them "nukes"
@Bill_Roby @HillaryClinton Did you see that picture of HILLARY making eyes at Puton when she was Secretary of State?
@Bill_Roby @HillaryClinton 3
Can you find six diferences?  From Guatemala
Donald you have know idea what you are talking about!  Just go back into tower and leave us alone ok.
@cbsnews @abc @nbcnews @realDonaldTrump said many others should have nukes,and go at it if they want. @HillaryClinton knows you're hypocrisy
and you did business deals with Russia remember that beauty pageant?
you go Pence love this guy!
Who loses trillions of $$ to the Chinese? Hillary and Obama.
Yes because we have control over other countries. Makes a whole lot of sense, this tweet.
But Iran did not get to keep their program & they had to ship all their enriched Uranium out of the country
Great job #DishonestDon #TrumpFoundation #TrumpCuba renting to Iran terriost
and that Iranian bank you were renting office space to ??
Hillary Clinton and I tt

150,000,000,000 can sure buy a few of these
you forget, Russia has also warned that USA not to interfere
And #DesignatedSurvivor is already turning out to be a POS. Lame scenarios as unlikely as Clinton truth telling.
https://youtu.be/wcW_Ygs6hm0  Better remind Poots..
Anything you know about government, ISIS , Russia or Iran you picked up on the nightly news.
HOW MANY THINGS DOES IT TAKE FOR PEOPLE TO REALIZE HRC is NOT QUALIFIED. HEALTH ,SECRECY, PERJURY, JUDGEMENT AND MORE
iran has none, korea aquired under bush.
"Now I'm talking about building a large luxury hotel, across the street from the Kremlin...with government"
I'm bored and really just want to shit on you
HOW MUCH IN DEBT TO THOSE COUNTRIES ARE YOU?  RELEASE THE TAX RETURNS
So mention it in the debates along with her reign of corruption.
dTrump @HillaryClinton
And yet you want to cooperate with Russia, Donald. Hm.
Keep focus on JOBS & USA SAFETY OF  Citizens & Solid borders & EDUCATION=No distractions.
you said everyone should have nukes...make up ur mind dude!
man you're hella immature
being upset with nukes is immature ?
blaming it all on Hillary when there are other factors that contributed to the nukes is.
Wait, DJT, I thought you were a great admirer of Putin?
but isn't Putin your BFF?
FOS
yet you would probably use nukes since you can't even handle twitter.
HilLIARy's "reset" button to Russia said "overcharge", 1st of her MANY irreparable SOS faux pas.
Clinton's "two for one" administration nuked up N. Korea. HilLIARy's running to clean up her own s**t.
Don't worry, your butt-buddy, Vlad, will take care of you.
@lobbytwits @HillaryClinton 
Donald, what are you going to do besides have your wife regurgitate another First Lady's speech?
Donald, you do know Hillary did not destabilize the Middle East that was Bush.... right?
@sparks1017 @HillaryClinton And Congress goes after a Banker and lets a possible traitor Hillary that exposed email walk?
and Hillary want's to talk about 20 year old gossip instead of the important issues
http://www.dagosanchez.com/alicia-machado/ 
I hear parents of Benghazi attack victims is during Hillary. Hope that ? Comes up at debate
is there a reason why u mentioned none of that during the debate? Destroy this reprobate! Far 2ez on her.
they can all have countless each, it's the Idiot with his finger on the button that worries me
Medusa Trump your mouth is worst than a nuclear head
Like you people know she hasn't been Sec of State for 4 yrs right? or maybe you don't.......
I'm voting for who I think can make America great and support veterans, not help Isis. My opinion
@Brent_Dishon @HillaryClinton
Iran doesn't have nuclear weapons (or at least hasn't shown them or used them)
and usa had a looser like you trumpet. All even.
I'm sure you'll nuke the world mindlessly, regardless of these nations capabilities.
& u want Jerusalem as capital of Israel! Forget about Armenian section or Christian area @AliveNow23 @HillaryClinton
Russia doesn't have more warheads than ever. Just not true.
God Help Us if Hillary is elected! Oh how I loathe her!! she makes me sick!!
DTs buddies Russia and North Korea
If people are too damn dangerous to fly then arrest them! NO secret "no fly" & "no gun buy" lists.
Thanks Donald Trump for selling out gun owners when we're put on secret lists with no due process.
don't pin this on her or Obama you dummy!  Russia, Britain, France and China were at the table as well!
FACTUALLY INCORRECT. STOP LYING!
AMEN!! WE NEED CHANGE!!!
VOTE DONALD TRUMP!!!
IF YOU VOTE LIBERTARIAN YOU WILL BE VOTING FOR HILLARY!
N Korea testing fireworks
FBI doc dump on email case reveals role of 'confidential' Clinton aide |  http://fxn.ws/2djg0bk 
but Mr Trump you think Mr Putin is a nice guy - muppet
Ur right. Help us #iran ian 2 do our part & be ur friends. Majaorty of us LOVE AMERICA & have no war w u
When you have to make an appointment a month in advance to inspect, not much of a treaty
Trump should be a Russian cotizan.
she has no.idea what she is doing. Need someone else to tell her what to do.
That's why she be pissed, you messin with her toy's. She is makin money from the cash from the plane...
if you get elected they'll really want to use them
But Russia is your best friend Donald, you love them enought to get them to hack USA..wait is that treason?
He has to go to them to get money too, as banks in the US have banned him from borrowing from them due to him never paying back
Ah but in the debate 'Banks love me, you can talk to all the banks'. He is so full of shit, it's turning him orange.
That he is!
On Iran, at least, Mr. Trump isn't right! His position more 4 election time, than a real approach to issue.
Russia and other countries started developing nuclear technology before she was born you fucking walnut
Wow, Hillary's gotten to see this tweet 12k times! LOL
@RedheadAndRight @HillaryClinton Iran is working to mass produce weapons.
Donald as much as Russia has nukes it's because the us is being aggressive
Nuclear looked like a good idea at the time. We now know our planet can't survive a nuclear war. Peace!
but you said Putin was such a great guy.What sweetheart deals has he tossed ur way I wonder?A loan perhaps
and there you are playing BFF with Putin. Hypocritical much?
is nwo real??? Muslim Brotherhood in charge??
or are they that ignorant?? I don't understand.
why don't potus n other top Dems care the U.S. is falling apart. Here and abroad. Is that a plan???
okay so I am a tiny bit offended... I am Russian
#DUMPTRUMP #DUMPCHUMP 
#HillaryClinton2016
could you hold a nuke in your tiny hands? #trump #tinyhands
so the first things that's to be done is disarmament and whys China and Pakistan not on that list 
hildebitch Unfit 4 Office
it was noble not to attack on The WOMAN issue! It is time to take off the gloves and punch back Smug cold and calculated H
Tell Hillary that it was Bill Clinton who gave Nuclear technology to Nth Korea and Missile tech to China!!
stop worrying about your B-Team, Islamic State, Russians will take care of them.
I'm confused, Princess Donna.  Is Putin "Friend or Foe? Huh?..."  I thought he was your buddy. #youresovain

I can totally see how this is @HillaryClinton's fault. It's because her woman powers were too busy slaying at the #debate
Trump knows because Putin, Kim, and trump share in business deals, just look as his returns... oh wait...
Hellary is the ENEMY of UK/CIVILIZED WEST/RUSSIA.If she fixes election & wins,USA BECOMES OUR ENEMY!
You have already won but can you be humble. #DarknessBleedsDaylight
straight savage flexin on @HillaryClinton
Run some ads in Nevada Donald she is killing u here Don't see one ad by u stop being so cheap and spend $
good point; I also like your plan to tear up the Iranian nuclear deal
@speramus_n_deum @HillaryClinton it's unbelievable isn't it!!!!  How can some people be ok with that?
We NEED Trump temperament!
Your buddy VLADIMIR PUTIN?  The guy you said you wouldn't mind sitting down and talking to?
you and your pal Putin must be happy, huh?
baffoon
Liar. #debatenight #trumpzanidiot
Oh stop. You’re fine with nukes the world over. You’ve made that clear.
Hillary is an evil ole hag! Her actions at the debate showed even more how evil she is!  #NeverHillary
Your a chicken hawk preying on the weak and defenseless, your day will come...
nukes are not our biggest concern. You #loser, no clue.
@JBaker31826004 @HillaryClinton : It is who she is bringing in this country that is scary.  Do the math, Merkel II.
russia is the light of the world, america is the darkside!
have you noticed she hasn't been involved with policy lately? She's been campaigning.
yep. Testing out weapons, all in case Trump gets elected.
Thanks to #Obama & #Hillary, Americans live in fear of being murdered at their local grocer.
blah blah crooked this and that. Why don't you focus on yourself and realize that you don't know anything!
was that Russian coat what kind of drugs are you using Trump people saying you're taking drugs
Absolutely. It is so ridiculous. So obvious failure of current administration MR.PRESIDENT.
Well Don-Don if you try hard enough you could one day be able to reduce our stockpile by using some
Um... Russia has no Nukes. They were removed under the SALT II Treaty... @realDonaldTrump @russellsandy57 @HillaryClinton
if elected, you would support MORE proliferation, you've said in interviews before. You didn't know what nuclear Triad was!
Hillary is the gift that keeps on giving....Santa Clause in cyber. How many nations broke into her network
Ask Hillary how she remembers how she is qualified but can't  remember 54 questions the FBI asked her.
don't complain about Russia when you've been praising them all this time. Fake
So what? You bomb the shit out of them. Problem solved. See how easy that was?
Thanks Hillary
More lies from the Trumpster fire.  Iran had to sell off or dispose of its enriched Uranium.  #TrumpLies
Russia does not have more warheads than it did as the former USSR. 45000 in 1988, 4500 in 2015.
Well Mrs Clinton??
Apparently donald wants to fly to North Korea & Russia and bring their weapons back to the US on A F One
She said nothing about North Korea. Why he did not reply to that?
RUSSIA WOULD F-US-UP right now Killary! or is that your plan ;)
another lie trump
 hate her
And you cant tell anyone how you are going to deal with all of this if GOD FORBID they elect you
I was so ashamed of Obama giving that money to Iran. He either is stupid or wants to destroy USA.
YOU BOTH SUCK
MR.TRUMP IT'S NOT A GOOD SIGN 4 U, IF ALL OUR MOST SERIOUS ENEMIES/ADVERSARIES R 4 U, AND ALL ALLIES R NOT!
Y R THE LEADERS + MEDIA OF CANADA, ENGLAND, FRANCE, GERMANY, SPAIN, + VIRTUALLY ALL FREE NATIONS AGAINST U?
AND, MR.TRUMP, WHY ARE THE ELECTED LEADERS OF ALL OF OUR MAJOR ALLIED NATIONS, AND FREE MEDIA, AGAINST YOU?
MR.TRUMP, WHY ARE THE DICTATORS OF NORTH KOREA, IRAN, RUSSIA, AND CHINA-- ROOTING FOR YOU TO BE ELECTED????
moderator and hillary wore earpieces
MR.TRUMP, WHY DOES THE CONTROLLED MEDIA AND DICTATORS OF NORTH KOREA, IRAN, RUSSIA AND CHINA WANT U TO WIN?
our silos arent being maintained Obama and hillary plan to destroy America expose the commie play book
Bill Clinton IS the reason North Korea has NUKES!
I couldn't have said it myself!
let's see hillarys taxes
Donald I don't care about your taxes no body does ,let her have it every which way but loose...
Mr Trump the FBI, DOJ, judges, congress, Media have all given her passes. Let her have it. She deserves it
why blame Hillary? I thought Obama was president
tell why they want those sweet deals!!! How does Clinton benefit? Who paid her to be a trader ?
You are a liar. You supported the war in Iraq. Keep tweeting.
She had little to do with those. Like saying "had to fart, turns out it was burning diarrhea. Thanks @realDonaldTrump!"
How do we know how many warheads they have? We don't have many iron domes? Tiny Israel has one.
Hillary sold our uranium resources off to Russian control. Watch Clinton Cash on YouTube
Russia can't use nuclear weapons otherwise it could be wiped out
Did I miss something was Hillary President, what did you do during the same time, can you say nothing.
@Marble300 @HillaryClinton And better platforms for delivery with newer planes, ships, land vehicles and U.S. technology.
u got spanked like a 5 year old,son.
She is not smart enough to realize this fact Donald!!
mate, you would have nukes pointed a child because it looked funny at you, so get back in your box
Hilliary #Trump needs another smack down!
FREE THE HAMMONDS!
please prepare for the next debate Mr. trump all of her lies have truth  that refutes them.
Donald you did very good in the first half. Need to be concise in the second. Routing for you!
