use Hillary's line re "drag a $100 bill thru a trailer park" to explain recent accusers!!
Hillary stumbling up the steps today has the gait of a drunk
, how could she have been in ur home when Mrs.T was preg. 30yrs. Ago & Ur son is just about 10yrs. Old, think think think.
Thanks for the donation of bedding. Any particular reason the sheets have eyeholes?

#MAGA
#NeverTrump
#BlacksforTrump

33,000 emails bud
The race isn't even close. Trump will lose big.
(WRONG). Obama is the 1u should b saying that about.He started the racewar Get ur facts right.
Obama did not start a race war. We have been in a race war since the first boat.
no it's standing by w his buddies doing nothing, as they put down whites. Really WU
Thanks for that. We'll all vote for you now. At least the old white people will.
and I know a lot of older white people who think he's a disgrace.
OWM, don't think he is a http://disgrace.Now  HRC,  shameful abuse of public trust.
Prove it?

I'm waiting. This will be fun. I'll have video.... will you?

Support Trump IS THE ONLY WAY TO WIN WHITE HOUSE. Trump can keep us safe. America fist.
for an  ' handle with care '  caution/pray lines..~RJ.

Send poetic thoughts to  #orjay 1251:     "  HANDLE WITH CARE "
where's Obama?
, she wants to destroy you Buddy, & if that means breaking You& the Mrs.up, than so be it. Ur son is just 10 not 40. Think
your presidency would be way more devastating.
Are you worried you'll lose your ebt card?
Surely you will send Singh to investigate Mr. Trump’s taxation talents. And to smoke in his face.
Bashing Trump for using tax laws Bill Clinton put in place, is like calling people who use coupons, thieves.
<-- dumber than dirt
@DeplorableTrain Thank you for your concern.  Hunkering down in Volusia County, Florida.
Calm before the storm. We'll soon know if the tree canopy can withstand sustained hurricane force winds.
It can't

John, jealous that Trump is a good citizen that built success, that doesn't bow to corruption & y have accomplished nothing lol
Trump is the most corrupt person to ever run for POTUS.
God forbid if there's anyone inconvenient or in the way of getting to Power they finish them off. She is Power Hungry
praying really? to who The God of your evil, sinful soul don't even insult the sacred act of praying with your lying words
Thank U for showing concern 4 welfare of residents- HRC made mistake only caring about votes with ads on weather channel
thanks #Trumpsurrogatetweeter pretty sure they will be careful u 2 he would never use the word dissipate, its #toobig #oops
I'm praying someone throws Cinnamon Hitler into the Eye of Hurricane Matthew so all his hot air dissipates
Love having neighbors, like mine, on armed patrol looking out for looters.
You are just praying for votes. You are losing florida
no doubt there. Be Safe IJN Amen
Amen :>
Stop thief! Give that phone back to the Orange One. Polysyllabic words are liberal.
Thanks■We will weather the storm so we can vote for #TrumpPence Keep the train rolling thru FL
Thinking about Mar-a-Largo, what a beautiful place! We hope its untouched by Mathew. Our prayers go out to all in its path
keep on keeping on.. proud of YOU!  I believe you can do this ..
U probably think "prayer" is a legal tax write-off.
did you board up your mansion and cover the golden toilets? Is dooshbag @seanhannity guarding the front door?
Wake Up America! @RealDonaldTrump has poured out the Sixth Bowl of Wrath: http://www.today.com/video/creepy-clown-craze-police-make-arrests-as-schools-boost-security-780373059878 … #DopeyDonald #Revelation16 #EndTimes #GOP
thanks it's frightening here.
FU POS
do you actually pray ? 
Pray for Bill Clinton to Stop  Raping Women Tell Hillary to stop feeding People with Breast Milk. . Disgusting
"and by the way florida, if you have any hot daughters i could grab, let me know"
- You should visit after hurricane!  Just sayin' - upstage Obama again!
Be careful? It's a f***ing hurricane. It's a natural disaster. That's a very stupid thing to say.
Thank You Donald, holding down the fort so far in Vero Beach 11:30 pm 
4the record. I dont care about who U were, only who U R now. And ALL men talk like that lets B real. #stillonthetrain
are you praying for the terminally ill as well, sir?
Donald, we all know you don't pray, you just prey.
Someone better oversee FEMA this time or just like Sandy, they will falsify damage reports to keep payouts low.
I'm surprised you're not blaming President @BarackObama for the hurricane.
Ya but look at all the junk houses you can pick up for nothing Mr business man
@Reince if you really cared about people, you wouldn't have stiffed them for the work they did for you.  HYPOCRITE
THE HURRICANE IS GOING TO HIT US HARD! GET HERE BEFORE obummer & killary TO HELP THE PEOPLE.
Thank you!
.  God Bless Florida
please go to Haiti and expose Hillary, they begging you to come.
Haiti people begging you to come and expose Hillary's crimes against them.
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisElection/videos/1297553656942788/ …
Great message to put into short ad on The Weather Channel this week, huge contrast to negative Hillary ads she has planned!
YOU PRAY? LOL
the entire focus of media is on the hurricane today... you must be so pissed no one is talking about you. Ha! #narcissist
Ye without sin cast the first stone. Jesus Christ.  Rise above confusion, admit sin, apologize, and Be A LEADER. STAND. Joy
Mr Trump u should counter Hillary by ad on wthr chnl wth # u set up for checkng lvd 1s safety
remember, Trump pays $0 taxes!  So that FEMA assist you get, he had NOTHING to do with. Pollyanna laughing for him $$$$$
just think of all the illegals this storm could wipe out.  Genius of you to create the weather event
Thank you but we here in Florida would rather have you as president now because we are going to get hit hard
Florida strong! We love you Mr. Trump!
@Reince joke Trump doesn't pray for anyone. He cares only about $ and never repented for anything. Or have we forgotten ?
Cancel the debate and head to Florida with a convoy of water and food.
like you really give two shits
please check out sex tape.
How can @realDonaldTrump pray? Donald worships money.
Thank you got family in Florida they are going to ride it out
question. As Pres how would you handle it?  also how can gov designate one cent for emerg if dead broke trill in debt?
what? No tweets?
you should go to Florida and look in the eye of the storm and use your tremendous powers to stop it #justsaying
please go get some rest so you can be ready for the Debate  on Sunday. ..clear your mind. To win
The American People Believe in you And Mike Pence
What in God's green earth makes you believe that?
Dissipates??...everything does end Donald.
"But in any event"???   WTF????? Does that mean???
You will be a most caring president for the people!Something we haven't had in such a loooooong time!
for $1000 you can take a photo of Lago del Mar
For Haiti, Clinton/Bush charity raised a BILLION. Why wasn't Haiti rebuilt/improved by now?
maybe what was said was crass, crude & insensitive, but it wasn't illegal & no one died such as the case with Hillary.
this must be one of those computer robotic tweets that they send out fact is he only cares about @realDonaldTrump #POS!
.  
Thanks Mr. TRUMP from Live Oak, Fl.
U must ask Hillary to releaseWall St speeches!Along with her emailsASK her"B Sanders asked you to release why haven't you?"
when you talk about the crooked press make sure you say you are Not talking about the camera men and women etc
Hey #Donald TrumpGod &America U#stop feeling embarrassed n bad. You already repented n changed. It'snothing UR4GIVEN
"dissipates"? That's three syllables. Who is writing your tweets for you, Donald? @MadYellowDog @HillaryClinton
Hoping your disastrous campaign dissipates like Fred's money you orange tinyfingered fascist!
what about the people in Haiti? Are you praying for them? Or is it because there is no political gain to the death of 800+
Come on down and have a seat on Cocoa Beach. I will leave a lawn chair out for you.
make sure on Sunday you mention the actor dressing up as military personnel to march with Hillary. DISGRACEFUL
amen
yes Floridians please stay safe!
Can you pleeeeease fly into the #hurricane ?  Roads are blocked so you better go in da choppa.  Bring that bitch #KAC too
show how the Billary & Pres. Barry created hosility with Russia and...
I'm a 50 year old truck driver who lives in Nh I want to go to the twin hall meeting tonight in Sandown Nh can I get in?
Yes, I am praying for them.
wonder what your prayer would sound like
:: Oregon pronounces gun at the end, not gon.  It just depends on what side of the country you're from.
I think $$$ would help them but well the facts speak by them self
thank you Mr Trump.
Mr Trump, I just read Hilary doesn't care about Florida on CNN. What a tool! Votes before folks.
anyone offended by the bush/  kiss comment is a snowflake.  Holy ! Splitting hairs. I Wud take it as a compliment U ROCK 
Thanks Mr. Trump !
what a historic storm. People have been telling me about this storm for years! It's all happening like it was written.
You haven't prayed a day in your life. However, you have spent your life preying on the least among us, you putz.
LIKE U HAVE EVER CARED ABOUT FLORIDIANS #nevertrump PAY TAXES AND U CAN HELP EM GET BACK ON THEIR FEET, LYIN RACIST HYPOCRT
Join in the prayer chain no lives will be lost in this storm, also pray for Trump to mop Crooked H. in the next debate.

not that you need any pointers but when you're answering questions try to answer more direct
tell the truth Donnie you don't pray
sadly even though 75 percent of America is voting for Trump hillary will win because the system is rigged ..#VoteTrump
Please show your preparation, empathy & heart in debate. God is on our side.Let Him visibly stand w/you
U never prayed for anyone other than yourself in the 70 years you stole air to breath from this planet.
thank you! We here in Florida love you.
https://youtu.be/DU3G-bHCZhc  Trump polls ahead of Clinton!
west palm beach washed away because you with held your taxes
bet you didn't actually pray c'mon lol
Trump will gladly take taxpayer handouts to fix Mar-A Lago
maybe open safe place for Florian residence
good luck on the next debate, try to keep your focus on the evil witch and not so much on Defense.
wonderful President!
Trump is the only one to give a shit about the rest of us.
sure you don't want to say something stupid about how you predicted Hurricane Matthew?
REALLY?YOU JUST SAID IT WAS GOOD LUCK FOR Obama.  Basic curse to its  victims! You ARE DISGUSTING
Hillary is putting out more effective ads than you are. The person in charge of your ads should be fired.
AMEN
arrested mind help u 2 focus n give acceptable answers in debate.  
Thanks Donald we'll be ok. I hope you win the Presidency!  Make America Great Again please! 
SHAME ON YOU HILLARY. all you need to say, running negative adds on Weather Channel Always targeting oppressed. Horrid lady
Come now Mr. Trump, you know the only prayers you would ever utter are for yourself.
"I don't care if your houses get destroyed, just hang in there until Nov.8 & vote 4 me." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F00X0SB99vY …

Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
Sir, as my mother would say "Don't let her get your bowels in an uproar".
Leadership- Thinking of the ppl of FL, please heed evacuation orders & stay safe. It's not going to dissipate Donald.
Hoping Mar-a-Lago gets hit by tsunami, all destroyed.  Like Trump's chances.  You guys couldn't elect Mitt!
#AmericaFirst 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gee...surprised you are not making this a "photo op" for your campaign!
While you are praying for FL. you should pray that you receive some divine common sense. #TrumpNe-VAH-duh   lol
Try and sound like you care fool

You have such consideration for others, it's a breath of fresh air.  Time we had caring-for-all President.
please have in the audience on Sunday the mother of a sailor going to jail today for pictures taken on sub
With my huge business success after heavy losses of 916 million shows my winning temperament to create jobs jobs jobs
There is a passage in the Bible that states:"and he, Trumpfty Dumbfty sat on a Mexican wall and prayed to himself"???
City of WESTON ! Thank  you ! Floridians can handle it we're built Tough Trump strong ! We made it through Andrew C'mon Mat
WOW!!! Usually you tweet something like "I told you there would be a hurricane I called it I'm the man "
.@realDonaldTrump Disgusting# @WashTimes @dcexaminer @NYDailyNews @USATODAY @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC @NBCNightlyNews
Yes, take heed to warnings. Any risk at this time is not worth it.
#4Florida
hey  were u able to find contractor to prep your villa for hurricane?  Free one? Since u have a thing not to pay people?
I will never follow you. You will destroy America. Please move to Russia, Commie.

Make America RAGE Again
If in the event you do not evacuate please find a Weatherman! They ALWAYS survive the worst storms! #MAGA #HurricaneMatthew
Good leadership concern. TY, Sir. This makes me feel your deep concern for us all. @GovPenceIN
thanks genius
I'm not a fan. But I appreciate you not bringing up Bill and wanting to win by way of your policy.
Some people say Obama is manipulating the weather, causing this. Is that true?
Dissipate?  Oh, Princess Donna... I guess all you understand about weather is what you see when you look out a window. SAD.
NOT FIT TO BE FIRST LADY.
http://www.omgblog.com/2007/01/omg_shes_naked_melania_trump.php/#axzz417lNl6UP …
Too many syllables and kind to have been written by Trump.
You too...will this effect MaraLago? Hope nobody hurt or you have serious damage! You just had your hotel in DC defaced!
@HillaryClinton  While Trump showed compassion for us in Louisiana, Hillary was in Hollywood. He cares!
yeah. Praying for everyone. He is only praying that his businesses in Florida don't get damaged then have to pay to fix
