Why aren't you working instead of campaigning for 2020?
@KevinCormier10
Obama hasn't done anything in 7 yrs 10.months why would he start now, well campaigning 2012
How would you know what 'working' is?
I agree! We pay Obama a 400K salary to be President not to campaign 4 HRC never mind the extreme expense of Air Force One!
so about that Trump campaign rally in Florida today...
http://abcn.ws/2jynZcF 
must be nice to put the bathrobe on after the hard 'work' you've done lately
Why wasn't Trump working instead of campaigning today?
REALLY?   We will be watching your every move DRUMPH. DONT FORGET IT
Why isn't President Trump working instead of campaigning for Donald Trump? This guy, all he does is campaign!
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @HillaryClinton Must b a pretty easy job if u can take time off whenever u like 2 engage in partisan campaigning.
@AwesomelyH 

Maybe because he hasn't worked in 8 years and he is used to it???
@jet8864  He's busy covering his butt.
Funny he says this but a year later helps all these republican senator nominees run for their seats.... because he knows he's about to have a house flip blue and have any even shittier time as president.
Why aren't you working instead of campaigning?
Mind yo goddamn business mf! worry bout chu
Why don’t you *EVER* wok?
#Obama is Not President. He is a has been!

Yes and this one too!
Why don't you take your own advice?? Why aren't you working instead of campaigning? And taking a 3rd vacation in 3 weeks??
Heed your own comments - drop any conflicts of interest, divest any company positions. READ YOUR DAILY INTEL REPORTS
Mr President soon, I also agree. not that he has done his job sense he has been in office other then   bury us in ruin.
Stick to your failed businesses and leave public office to the professionals.
because he is spending taxpayers money on misuse of government property - air force one. Some one should report it.
and look how much jet Fuel him and Biden burning and we're paying for her election
maybe because after 8 years on the job he still doesn't know what to do.
@gs777gs777 

Congress is letting " they stay silent
And on tax payer money. The Americans should be outraged.
@railgirl1952 He has no idea what the word work means. He's a community organizer told what to say and do.
This does not age well. 3 golf trips in 3 weeks. Why isn't he working
@christhompson82 

He IS working. Part of POTUS' job is to keep America safe. You are high risk to our security.
BECAUSE WE DONT LIKE NOR WANT U NEAR OUR WHITE HOUSE! @ChuckNellis @basshooker2 @OuttaBaghdad4Nw @sawsharee @soccermomTEX
you would rather have things to keep going like it is, Listen to Collin Powell, he states the truth about HRC

anyone can produce this kind of document, doesn't make it true, keep digging, Trump is going to win
keep digging
PERVE!!!!
was u molested by your own father, is that why u see perversion when a real father, has affection for his daugh
you're over.
Why start now?
I asked @POTUS the same question. We're not paying him 2 campaign, or golf. But that's all he's capable of doing.
Obama would rather campaign to further his failures as President than do right by the American people!
@datrumpnation1 because u 're not wanted at the white house period dangerous to the world
Obama has never worked a day in life becoming President
@cuqui0712 
Because he's a taxidermist who's  preserving his legacy?
because the most important job of the POTUS right now is keeping a fascist such as you out of the White house
HE IS WORKING TO PROTECT THE COUNTRY FROM YOU.
why are you always on twitter instead of actually learning how to debate?
fu
Obama has never worked He doesn't even sign executive orders. He attends fundraisers and campaigns for money.
good question
lol you forgot to tag again @HillaryClinton @BarackObama
why are you Mr. Trump busy bullying, minding everyone else's business...Prepping for your next job?
why aren't you taking your thorazine?
Why aren't you releasing your tax returns Chump?
.  We should NOT have had to badger for Obama's birth cert! He was to produce upfront to contend at all! All of us have to!
He is working without the Hopala. He is greatest President ever
it's called multitasking. But you need an IQ in the double digits to do it successfully. So I understand your confusion.
You should know by now.  It is what Presidents do during their final term. You are a domestic threat and he must protect!
Because he knows Obamacare is gone without her in office! He's too narcissistic to let go of his namesake bad idea.
# So people like you stop taking advantage of the system. Example your foundation practices
yeah I haven't heard that much about this particular issue and it really bothers me. Is it even legal
Obama hasn't worked for the American people in almost 8 years, what's another 2 months. He just goes against us anyway.
Hit her with Outsourcing...She does NOT want to end it!
Get some good rest tonight and Sunday evening! Don't lose your cool Monday!
@MrDeuce25 

So he doesn't break anything else.
Oh he just worked a bit, protecting the medieval regime of Saudi against victims of terror. Hope you wont act that way.
Because unlike you, he can walk & chew gum at the same time. Multi-tasking. It's a thing. Look into it. @realDonaldTrump
that should be illegal
exactly what I was asking!
I agree he should be taking care of our country but he has tried to destroy our country so maybe campaigning helps us
He hasnt worked for 8 years why start now
My guess...defending our country from a domestic threat (That means YOU)!! Remember - foreign and domestic and you are both
maybe instead you should wonder why W isn't out campaigning for you, as is party tradition.
....I'm sure he can do more than one thing at a time!!!!
how is it legal for him to use tax payers money for her campaign. It cost a lot for his security an airplane .unfair to R.
bc he knows you're a terrible person
Because as a president, it is his duty to protect us form the biggest Weapon of Mass Destruction, you!!
So your wife is in the U.S. Illegally. It figures, was she a street walker when you found her.
He not like you, you do nothing but lie 24 hours a day. You and you family is a joke.
He is working, he never stops working. He takes his office with him. He is in-touch day or night with his people.
he might be doing us a favor by keeping busy not at work.
i agree. He is still pulling a paycheck we pay for.
cuz thats how terrified he is of you becoming the president. Plus he can multi-task, its not like he can only do one thing.
why aren't you working and addressing the real issues instead of inciting racial hated and jerkin about on Twitter?
What intelligent President would endorse someone with over 17 Hillary Scandals? OMG.I wouldn't hire Hillary to walk my dog.
I agree & if the taxpayers is footing the bill. He needs to reimburse us for his campaigning expenses including AF1
By "works" did you mean play golf and/or vacation?
He's doing both, he's very good at multi-tasking. Another lie from the (real?) Donald
@EvilEsq Did you hear his speech today at the UN, please hit him hard!!
Someone has to stay at the hospital with Hillary on our tax dollars
. That is exactly what you will be doing too if you get elected.  @Potus just gave #Israel $38billion last week, hard work!
why do you ask? You scared?? 
@carylee20 Obama isn't golfing traveling around world one big family vacation after another now Hillary all at our expense
Obama cares about Americas future @GeorgeTakei well said!!
she is all drugged up
because @BarackObama is 1) great at multitasking, 2) holds one or more thoughts longer than 24hrs, & 3) See @GeorgeTakei
because he's trying to keep us safe from hitler you trump.. Ty POTUS
He's the President.  He has a job to do. Unlike you, you bankrupt.
@Patriot_MM Let's count our blessings! Keep him on the Golf course for just a few more months #VoteTrump
And no other POTUS has ever taken a month off to campaign!  @RNcat50
@Patriot_MM he does what he wants to because there's no consequences anymore
That MUST be a joke.  You said "Obama" and then "working" in the SAME SENTENCE.  BWAA ha ha.  Obama "working". GOOD one!
The TWO of YOU questioning Potus'work ethic?? Hahaha. Literally LMAO!
Because #crookedhillary can only stay on her feet for 3 minutes at a time. Seriously, just ridiculous.
@WhiteDiamonds13 Does the DNC,reimburse the taxpayers, when the President Campaigns or does fundraisers?
there scared.Obama should be stopping terrorists, he's never been fit for the job and Hillary's using family name & money!!
@justonepatriot It's all he has ever done. Community organizer, speaker and bullshit artist.
as long as hes not campaigning for you.
cant you see??? The whole world is scared to death of a guy like you becoming president!! God save us!!!
because he really secreatly Hates her and watch out for Byden
Why aren't you working instead of talking smack on twitter?
because he's doing the right thing, trying to keep you out of office
for you to not start the apocalypse and a Third World War
What's he supposed to do, just throw his country in the Trumpster when his term comes to an end?
because he can u loser. Stop being mad that there's no one like him to campaign for u. U will lose trust me #ExpectUs.
I don't know why it jumped out at me, but Trump referred to the President by his title @ScottAdamsSays
GWB right? Gas was $4 plus when that shit head left office.
I believe he is trying to protect the US citizens from the horror that is you. #youdisgustme
that's why  
great question! Only makes me want to vote for you more!
@GeraceFrank he wants her to bring Muslim like him to this country
@POTUS is sworn to protect us from domestic threats like yourself. Also, why are no presidents campaigning for you at all?
Because he wants to retire sound.
He is working! He is saving us from you!
cause he is an asshole.
jealous??
Considering the job @BarackObama has done as #POTUS, we are ALL better off with him NOT doing his job.
I guess he is working, to stop you. BAM !

It's about party loyalty that makes him have to help her. You'll have to do it too.
ANOTHER TERRORIST GONE! ALL DURING OBAMA'S TERM how embarrassing 4 GOP PARTY who could't do it during their terms! GO BLUE
how @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP aren't doing there's??? #DoYourJob #MerrickGarland
Why isn't Congress working instead of taking so much time off?
because president Obama is the weakest president we've ever had b
I live in NJ and I am wondering the same thing about Chris Christie
He wasn't "campaigning" silly little man, HE is defending our country against you, a domestic threat
So you are demanding @McConnellPress to let the President do is job, which is to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. Good.
#too much for your lying ass?
Defeating @realDonaldTrump is a grave matter of national security. That *is* working.
As President, he is sworn to protect us from threats both foreign & domestic. You, sir, are the latter. George Takei
if elected, will you campaign for your successor in 20 or 24?
You are so obsessed with POTUS. First his birth certificate, now this. Why are you even running? #NoToTrump
haha why start working now? may as well wrap up his 8 year vacation
Why is your new hotel full from top to bottom with JUNK made in China?
you are right! He could be protecting our borders, but he's not! If he would have done something, we wouldn't be worried
maybe you're just pissed cause no one will campaign for u  awwww lil hands is sad
was going 2 ask why you spend so much time on twitr instead of campaigning or i dunno, learning what the nuclear triad is
Better question:  When are you going to release your taxes?
Americas such a great place @POTUS can work from anywhere at anytime #AmericasAlreadyGreat #BelieveIt
he is doing the most important job there is at the moment ..keeping you out of the White House
Get a history book Trump. Sitting Presidents always help their party's nominee. Where did you go to school?
.@realDonaldTrump You mean like, choosing a Supreme Court Justice?
He is, by campaigning, telling the world that Hilary and her prior campaign DID NOT start the birther movement.
because he's terrified of you win....and I'm with him.
@hillaryshealth Go Hillary Go you are very close to The white house 
you just Shut up none of your business Crazy Donald  never need a idiot person like you to be a President of United States
he has nothing to sign because the GOP led congress can't do their jobs
why don't you ask where Congress is since you checking up on folks.
because he's a better man and Prez than you will ever be.
Unlike you he can multitask.Don't worry Donnie, he's got it covered.
Yeah, why is he doing what every two-term president does? Read your history for once before spreading your ignorance.
why aren't you out looking for a bag of salt to pound?
@Trumpinator1776 as long as he is doing that then he isn't signing any ex orders
UR so jealous of President Barack Hussein Obama. Barack Obama is what u will NEVER B...POTUS 2times
He is campaigning because he can multitask. You're just mad that Republican leaders won't campaign for you, #loserTrump.
if Obama cld do anythng positive - id say get 2 work - we're better w/him not 'working' -wrng for us 2 pay 4 him 2 campaign
@GeorgeTakei @HillaryClinton He is working as he helps America select a Commander-in-Chief. Sensibility Donald... try it.
