tariffs dont work,  just saying
Happy ur my President God is good.
#LoserInChief
Ask Mexico president allow to build new border wall on Mexico land to get more lands for trade.  Here's my 2 cents worth.
Which Person Would You Love To See In Prison?

Like - Hillary
RT   - Trump
@realDonaldTrump@cnnbrk @HillaryClinton TRUMP ALL THE WAY. 1. TAXS EVASION
2. TREASON AND MANY OTHERS LAWS HE BROKE.
the rich gabber always controlled, Walke up
go ahead Mr President keep tweeting....
a very what??? be specific
Hopefully, unpatriotic companies will have the incentive to keep our jobs and technology here.
penalize companies who offshore and reward those who reward our people. Americans first. America first. Rock on!
your tax dollars paid for carrier to send 1300 jobs to mexico, and keep 700. Feels good doesn't it? Genius!
they planned to move ALL jobs to Mexico in February...ask the 800 families he saved how it feels.
AND HIS LABOR SEC. WANTS TO AUTOMATE ALL OF THEIR JOBS..SUCKERS
Trump’s administration will be government by the rich, for the rich, with the majority continuing to suffer #DrainTheSwamp
more than half the country voted for someone else! We hate you!
more than half the country included illegal immigrant voting.
there is *literally* no proof of that. That Fox 'News' story was totally debunked.
I watched the entire interview in it's entirety. No cut away. No edit. He said it. Fact.
fox has also come out and admitted they used creative editing
You mean CNN.
you should look up the definition of liberal. Webster's dictionary,  the real dictionary version.
That would require a basic reading level.

You're in over your head Donnie.
bigger than Obamas
is everything that disproves a liberals opinion now "racist" or "photoshopped"?
well, atleast your wall street/Soros backed criminal lost
thanks and now to pay
GO TRUMP THIS IS WHY ICANT WAIT FOR JAN. 20 INAUGURATION DAY. THEN THE WORK WILL REALLY GET STARTED. REALL CHANGE FOR ALL..
Taking on responsibility for providing jobs to Chinese & Mexican citizens by going into debt, is not a conservative idea.
WHEN ARE YOU BRINGING YOUR COMPANY BACK DONALD ???
You changed your post to eliminate the tax breaks you mentioned. Kinda touchy subject, corporate tax breaks, no?
Plz bring back IT outsourced work to America from India so US IT graduates stop flipping burgers & dish washng
bwahaha says a jealous pakistani!  stop exporting terrorism
hay que hacerlo bien
please tell everyone you're drunk right now. That's the only way this tweet even makes any sense.
wow. There are some dumb people on here
your policies will destroy america
all your reasons to put her in jail is all conspiary theory or if not has already been investigated, and found nothing like always
I AM GOING TO WASHINGTON, D.C. AND VOTE TOMORROW! #TRUMP2016 #MAGA
Donald Trump is all wind and piss
if I hear they do jobs Americans won't one more time my head will explode!
can u impliment a tax or tariff on these companys when u take office in jan. Make them pay new tax to sell items back to us
The USA economy is doomed. USA consumers will be the losers as the cost and price of consumer products go higher & higher.
Also, why are you tweeting this instead of having a press conference? Is it because you don't have to answer any questions?
why are you tweeting as well nobody cares about your opinion go to sleep
This should also encourage companies in developing their business in the local market.
But the needs of workers must not be forgotten, if these companies moves from one state to another.
please cut some of the age-old subsidies and wasteful spending.

No Legal standing for your argument.
Right, an egg with seven followers knows all about legal standing. LOL

hey what are the nuke codes?? Bet yer too stupid to remember them. Codes or u don't know. 
he does not have to remember the codes. You are so jealous of him. He won and you list. !!
Shutter the EPA !
Modify NAFTA
NO!!  to the TPP ! 
Manufacture in the USA ! 
Hold back HB1 visas !
Bring back clean Coal!
Is your middle name potato by any chance?
. Did your parents (sic) teach you to spell or use punctuation?
So when did you forget?
and once again, in English?
there drugs rather then ours i mean they dont even do them yet they will do anything do get it across the border
A FRAUD,Cheat,linked to Russia,FBI will nail you and all your cronies.Time is now,You need to go.#NEVER TRUMP
Canada needs free trade between provinces
most here in U.P. MI are so hopeful/cheerful since the election, with the exception of the blue brainwashed.
Stop lying. This is all code for "we will pretend to care" while the tax payers pay for more corporate welfare.
You are making the Whitehouse just that, white inside and outside. But be careful cause God created us all. You can exclude
yes?
#NeverTrump #NotMyPresident #TheResistance #TrumpLeaks #GrabYourWallet #ResistTrump #DonTheCon
best idea ever!
so trump the question is are you going to stop building more prisons and hiring more task forces that is absolutely not
proud Christian you better go back and read the Bible
stop pushing your faith on others lol fucker
Dare u to say that to Muslim.
try me
try me? Not sure what that means, but your dog's damn sweet.
. Not quite yet. I don't remember a president more sworn at before sworn in.
I'm not a hater, and definitely not a fan.  Just loving the nonsense from @realDonaldTrump
. Actually I do have an opinion.  Currently my opinion is that the President-elect is a laughing stock.
Make sure Apple have their iPhone's MADE IN USA
keep dreaming sponge
no other has tried to stop these countries from screwing us. These haters need to wake up
A man who wallows in bigotry and white supremacy will never be my president.
dude, give a speech, I can't follow multi part messages on twitter, it's not how you use twitter
FUNNY SO DO YOU..NO TAXES PAID EVER!! TRAITOR TO YOUR COUNTRY!!
You got Berned you orange man child.
Don't buy the spin that protesters are whining or not accepting, we are the OPPOSITION and we'll be here for 4 years.
#GodBlessYou #Retweet #InGodWeTrust #OneNationUnderGOD #GodBlessAmerica #MakeAmericaGodlyAgain
Ps.33.12
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, the people whom he has chosen as his heritage!...
Wasn't that supposed to refer to the Israelites?
any Nation
.
While I cannot know what the psalmist was thinking at the time, I suspect he was probably more parochial than you think.
Romans 2:29 No,a person is a Jew who is one inwardly; and circumcision is circumcision of the heart...
What????  Has that any relevance to me ir my tweets?
You claimed it referred to Israel. Paul explains what a Jew really is. Gods spiritual children not by blood.
No I did not. Read my post.
#youreabigorangepenis
we need Americans making our products again. Fine quality and workmanship. America needs our jobs back.

how much will be assessed on trump businesses abroad??hypocrite
starting with YOU and your Companies. Show us YOUR Taxes!
Good deal @realDonaldTrump ,thanks, and please elects @Carl_C_Icahn to to reduce our trade deficit and $20 T debt #maga
So when are you and your family going to pay these taxes for outsourcing your businesses to foreign countries  ?
how refreshing it is to finally hear a politician call a spade a fucking shovel
political correctness is destroying our way of life
I get bombarded by 3rd party Indian recruiters whose entire agenda is to filter out Americans by offering contract to hire
thank you mr president!!
no taxes or tarriffs between the states.  Why hasn't anyone thought of that before?  #TrumpistheBellman #HuntingoftheSnark
You DO NOT make laws. Most frightening, you've falsely convinced the uneducated you do.
Your words = propaganda, not more.
yup, most right wingers resort to calling names. Trump is dangerous.
PENSE gave united 7 million tax cut to send those jobs to Mexico so he messed up no u fix it wow and INFO there automation
Rust Belt, people, wait and see 4yrs later you'll be unemployed. Oh wait, service jobs=not enuf 2 enter MidClass though.
Right. Like you really care about the poor and middle class people. Buffoon.
So are you Trump going to bring back your companies and products to USA?
you do nothing but threaten people..in meantime your foreign affairs will get us in war.  What a  weak president elected.
put tariffs on imports like we did before 1913 and get rid of taxes for U.S. citizens.

You are just learning how the real government works, I would like to work as the Woman owned small business consultant.
all 50 states are part of the US? So it matters not in which one they are located
Thank You. It's about time we did what's good for America.
If you had any understanding of the English language, you would know it should be "among all 50 states." Just go away.
will you tax Trump & Ivanka businesses on products manufactured in other countries and import? A LOT of us want to KNOW
As one of the champions of hiding the peanut via arms-length legal entities, you don't seem to have thought this through.
.@realDonaldTrump promoting Delaware like a typical scam artist
What about you.  Manufacturer your crap in US, set example, same with daughter.
Trump you are the definition of fascist, demagogue, narcissistic, authoritarian.
You will be stopped. Putin is better!
Are you now taking credit for existing inter-state commerce laws? @nytimes
GET A GRIP
1st time voted republican now president Donald work with Bernie Sanders please
.@realDonaldTrump sorry, wha? Incoherent rambling is a concerning act of the infirm & aged.  So is using office supplies to hem things.
As an example,schl officials public schls&colleges) r promising/vowg 2protect illegals who attend r schls illegally...
so are you going to bring your ties & other products back from being made in Mexico & China back to the US ?
love it! Wish I could sit directly under your leadership!
does that include YOUR businesses & Ivanka's businesses???
They will likely just leave the American economy altogether. Who will have the money to buy anything in the #trumpeconomy?
the way to keep manufacturing in the US and bring more from overseas is to scale back the EPA and tout low energy costs
#stillnotmypresident
...stopped from wasting MY tax$ & brainwashg r youth.I can't wait2get r govnr out of office!!!He claims CA's broke,imposes..
leading through fear like the coward he truly is
@MarkDavis pundits do what they do-talk. Doers do what they do-Do
Mr Trump should focus on creating "new work" via new industries as opposed to revamping old work with old industries.
so not only are borders to be taxed, you're to hurt citizens by taxing on state lines?
Does this 35% apply to you clothing line too? I love the plan for rich to get richer. #NotMyPresidentElect #NotEver
Guiliani-yes.  Romney- possibly maybe, Huntsman - HELL NO!
What if they buy their materials to make their products from overseas???
companies that left, taxing them when they want to sell their goods here, wont help, they will pass on the tax to us
Are Carrier going to be subjected to the 35% tariff for sending jobs to Mexico nevertheless?
yet you dont lay taxes eithe. Hmmm....
never stop tweeting.
AMERICA is about to get their 1st dictator!
Dear Donald, Why don't YOU set an example and bring all of your and Ivanka's manufacturing business back to the USA?  Soon!
don't forget the US territory of Puerto Rico. Many companies left here to Mexico and Latin America to pay $0.50 cents phr
please use proper grammar ... use "between" to refer to two things not 50 ... your illiteracy is showing
some of Mr. Trump strategic ideas seem to be excellent economical solution, and make sense, just don't lead them to chaos.
Can't wait till Jan. 20th when you get in there and take care of business for America and the people...
will see if you keep your promises so far you havent and wont
You also need to work on making education stronger. You need to improve our eduction infrastructure to make engineers!
In readying America for GREATNESS, you show vision, decision, precision; Thank You & God Bless, 
Mr. President-Elect!
stop lying about the bribe you gave Carrier. You didn't stand up to them. Jobs are still leaving the country.
just like you did fpr carrier right?

THE MEDIA BANKS INTELLIGENCE ARMS COMPANY FOREIGN MONEY AGAINST TRUMP CORRUPT WORLD.https://youtu.be/XOJJX1P9GGo 
RELEASE THE TAXES
I'm sooo Proud to be an American Again!!! 
Merry Christmas!
你好
so are you bringing you investment in other countries back to the US? Your made in China hats spoke volumes to many.
U are ranting & raving about china.  What about your clothing line that you outsourced to China among other countries.
Liberals are always right on opposite day, which is everyday for them. They would complain if their ice cream was cold.
In other words: "Buy your TVs now people, 'cause I'm about to fuck this country to death!" #Kleptocracy

Read Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations @NiceChess757
pleas read link from Allen West.   https://www.facebook.com/AllenBWest/posts/10155265230726729 …
Of course ,if you WERE Taxed, you wouldn't pay it.

 Bullshit You and Pence just gave Carrier millions of dollars to ship jobs to Mexico. You are weak & have no backbone
@mike_pence Undrstand yr"Strategy"btWATCH OUT 4LOSER LIB/SOCIALIST "tariffs" which can hinderFREE TRADE.Stick2 RR notWilson
you don't pay taxes.  Pot calling the kettle black
who wrote this for you?
50 states? I guess you finally realized there's a New Mexico!
Threatening a trade war on Twitter? Smart move, Donny. Don't you have an intelligence briefing to read? #resist
how about companies like Apple? Have to take 35% as well for fairness?
Chg Tariff Pgm paradigm-put Tariffs $$received  in consumer rebate FUND vs treasury for buying US poduct related to Tariff
Blah blah blah #RejectCheeto #NeverTrump
Yep, they will get away with what they can and not worry about fairness and their part; driving the US to the ground!
cunt
OR any of 16 territories in US administered....if necessary deport illegals or make them work as slaves in the factories
So, does this mean you will be imposing the tariff on YOUR products made in China, Bangladesh and Mexico? Didn't think so.
#please stop Nestlé from stealing water from Flint Michigan
Wake up people, you ha e been scammed!!
you don't think companies should be able to be in more than one STATE?
.
This program will start the impeachment process ! Plan B please !

don't you have anything positive to say?
just heard Ivanka is moving her fashion line production to Ethiopia from China.
@MillennialsTop @IRSnews
DO THE RIGHT THING
 BACK OUT NOW!  DO THE RIGHT THING!

speaking of companies, how is Solyndra doing these days? That was an Obama homerun?
Again, what are talking about! GET OFF TWEETER!GO TO MEETINGS ABOUT OUR COUNTRIES SECURITY!
When are you moving your plant back from Mexico, you HYPOCRITE? Pence couldn't cover for you
Mr. Trump is Appalachian approved and is an honorary Appalachian!~ @realDonaldTrump

if you are in a blue State, you're f*cked.
I hope you're not trying to take credit for what the Commerce Clause accomplished in 1789. Good lord, read a book.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3824617/Trump-factory-jobs-sent-China-never-come-back.html …
lol. Talking about you I guess
State tax competition is not a good thing. #RaceToTheBottom
what about the other Carrier plant that's closing & moving 2 Mexico, losing 1300 jobs? Where's the tough talk 4 those jobs?
NEED YOUR HELP AMERICANS...Life is precious!
Fortune tellers are often wrong. Let's deal with the now.
I'm glad you learned how a tariff works, and I'm glad you explained to your voting base how it works.
Now if you would, would you kindly do that for the constitution? You might want a better tutor than Paul Ryan.
