If the polls keep climbing, Hillary will: https://youtu.be/RD-_2rX3cWk 
Its not flash animation... Spam? that would be your every tweet...
Thats completely subjective.
art is subjective... there are no requirements.
ohhhh somebody is calling your bullshit now:
@w4djt @FoxNews @rupertmurdoch why do they +9 Dem?
wishful thinking predator
NOT TRUE and you know it RUMP...
@realDonaldTrump
-western journalism put out yesterday Anonymous about Clinton's behaviors why not out to public?
move on from defending yourself and use that energy to become our next president! #WomenWhoVoteTrump
not for long
Obama is stopping the Pledge of Allegiance in federal buildings he's a globalist
finally a reliable poll damn
@TommyMH  please dumpy trumpy go sleaze on some other planet
u were so good
drain the swamp don't u love o#it
still in the lead #MAGA
literally the only poll that still has him ahead
this poll is a consistent tracker so yea he's down but still up time to tear into #Hillary
it's the LA times poll, it's been an outlier this whole cycle. Outliers are almost always wrong.
lol not this one #MAGA
bury your head in the sand if you want, but the writing's on the wall for Donnyboy
Many Many men have wished that before. If the boat leaks we fill the holes. And Make the Boat Great Again


The only poll that shows you winning. Care to comment on Nate Silver's predictions, which got all states correct in 2012?
LOLOLOLOLLLOLOLOLLOLOLOLOLOL THAT POLL  LOLOLOL
empty heads upperclass  donald family !
dont mind using a child for you purpose ! Lower than that ?
Make America great again and save face by pledging to step down and let Pence take over if you win. That's the only way!
Yeah don't advertise you're 7 to 14 points behind in most others. You are now 7 behind in some polls you were leading in
said the liar
+7.
NC    Loves Trump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
liar
@P0TUSTrump good temperament,good temparement,i am still searching it.That is all it takes to become a better you for the r
@P0TUSTrump that deserves a round applux.Isnt it
- You can't say I didn't give you fair warning. Real October Surprise is that is more than one, and more to come....
Were you not a democrat when you made those comments. Becoming a republican changed your views on woman and abortion
Any other polls - or just this one? Didn't you used to be up by 7 in this poll?
Is this real?
hillary is pathetic!!!
@DineshDSouza @rudygiulianiGOP @DrDavidKatz @AmericaNFatima @mike_pence Donald Trump squeaky clean not prosmicous!got it!?!
u make upurown polls.ur down by 11 points donald.ull soon be back at trump tower where u can pretend tobe building ur wall.

And it is the only one and they use a unique methodology that will not hold up.
IDEA:NEXT STEP ANNOUNCE YOUR CABINET 50% WOMEN AND EQUAL % TO MINORITIES.
the republicans that don't support you are looking only for their individual interests not for the party
poll conducted by Mrs. Johnson's 3rd period social studies class.
3.1 points ahead today (10/10/2016)
is a train wreck waiting to happen and @HillaryClinton is a waking nightmare.  #wearescrewed
- I have him up by 50 points
Mr.Trump I am a woman from México, excelent job last night at the debate,  keep up the good job from now on.  
For crying out loud, you claim to be so rich, can't you afford a Kleenex?
Keep dreamin', Drumpf!
not a trusted poll
Hillary won!!!
LA times is crooked , now they are saying Donald trump lost the second debate ( they are lost in the world )
The Man!!! 
Trump is going to win the Presidency unless the Clinton's have him killed. @realDonaldTrump wear a bullet proof vest
oh, those poll numbers are going up HUUUUUUUGGGGGGEEEE!
let's get down to business and start solving issues. Americans want a change in leadership. No more Obama or Hillary.
jajjaja the only pool having you wining since the bigining
you nailed it tonight mr President
she leads in all polls but the one posted.. Such a loser
you have my vote ! Plz keep the steel business in the USA ! We don't need another Obama ! Loved ur comeback to hitlery lol
Donald I was so proud of you on the debate. You will be our next President
thats the only poll that has him in front... Lmao.show them all deplorables
totalitarian gov in history have threatened to put opponents in jail.trump is a totalitarian candidate.
Stick em Don
BULLSHIT...How about you answer ONE question instead of sidestepping to avoid answering...Or is that too hard for you???
take a look of this piece of, you figure it out!
Donald-ask her what happened to her "love of Americans" when they died in Benghazi and she stated "who cares?"
Hillary is trying to create a red herring by connecting Putin and Trump.
- Not only 2 points!  Victory will be by a landslide!
You are not staying on message Donald!
hahahahaha - desperation is a stinky cologne
HC AND determined to attack, where are the issues!
Get her Trump! All they can do is constantly talk about things in your past cuz they're terrified of the support you have!
TRUMP TRAIN all the way to the White house
bill Clinton is not running for president and tell him to stop the coke that might stop the sniffles
AND BILL was at work on our dime
hillary u are a fraud
he's a #whinylittlebitch he needs to step down and disappear
Mr.trump you are my hope for USA president please dont let her get you
http://youtu.be/4IrE6FMpai8 
So will Bill Clinton be debating Trump? Thank God Hillary has the class to not find Melania's soft porn sex worker John's.
Hottie Alert  !
Donald Trump will win this election because of his action and not because of his lack of words like HRC and her lies!
Real Clear Politics averages all polls. They have Hillary up by 4.6%.
You are being delusional by false polls#defeated for president!
who?
Donald
were background checks done on people selected to ask questions, heard that too may be underhanded
mr Trump, please don't get sucked in to the Hilary madness stick to the issues that will get you to the whitehouse
PIG
2 Point Lead? In your dreams!
I really don't want to say this, I will one time the Republicans in the House and Senate will vote for you but not publicly
Sure...what bs
is that all you can do is deflect?  You're like a child. I know you are but what am I ?  Grow up

you're going to lose
Dream On L.A. Goofy Press!
wrong
are you sure about that?
really?
You need to run a ad with these women the Clinton's destroyed along with mothers and wives of Benghazi. These are not words
wake up. Nobody wants what you're selling.
made up poll.
no le den sardina al gato porque se va a Pelar
PLEASE keep telling yourself that.
no le den sardina al gato porque de va a Pelar
I Will not vote for any Republican that backs away from you Mr.TRUMP.  That video is none of our business. Did not see it.
@OlgaOlgamsmith we are coming  Trump!!!! PNC the Patriots National Committee TRUMPNATION
That porn little 12 year old girl Hillary destroyed has to relive the even everytime she sees the Clinton's.
Looking forward to your poll Tweets in a week! We'll do them 4 you if you forget AND, once again, TODAY, Hillary would WIN.
during & before WWII Goring raped few famous girls and Gestapo ship up them- Hillary is present Gestapo, in many aspects
shocking behaviour. While you understand the media to switch the conversation to Bill Clinton will not be successful
you apologized, please don't lower yourself to that of Bill's Oval acts.Double standards only apply to HC
mics were left on while they were preparing the debate tonight.  I've got interesting video of the live feed!!
pleez, I  beg you to ONLY address the issues tonite; don't get caught up in the spiders web; she's going to bait you!!!
TRUMP'S PATHETIC ... THE OTHER POLLS ALL SHOW CLINTON WAY AHEAD
/ #♡IMPT DonaldJESUS  SPEAKS LISTEN JOHN 8:7CROWD SEES HARLOTS CAUGHT IN ACT? ATSTONING Jesus  He with out sin cast 1s stone
bullshit, your up 10 or they wouldn't want you out so badly
what the hell kind of poll is that
i wonder how many OFFENDED people out there by trump watch PORN and talk bout sex with friends. HYPOCRITES
Where do you find these polls? I can't find any REAL POLLS you are leading in!!! http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/2016-general-election-trump-vs-clinton …
How many people have made sexual comments in a jokative way?  Almost all, so stop throwing stones!! Trump Apologized.
Trump might have to clean up his vulgarity but Clinton needs to do time for her Crimes.
That's BULLSHIT STOP MAKING ALL THESE LIES #NEVERTRUMP #LYINGDRUMP
@CNNPolitics @TheDailyShow

How deep did you have to dig to find that poll?
Yep. Stay calm, Presidential and focus.  I believe that you may not know it, but God chose you.
We will have to leave borders behind and go for global unity when it comes to financial stability.  http://edition.cnn.com/2013/01/22/business/opinion-donald-trump-europe/ …
#debate
Good luck at debate tonight.  Stay calm and focused. You will do great!!
just ask for Gods forgiveness and the American people's forgiveness. What else can they do to you
ask for forgiveness tonight and move on 
.   Are you kidding?  LOSER
. @debby195725 <-- hillary troll Block.  Rofl Mao, you have 18 followers !!   Hahahahaha   YOU are the loser.
You are going down

I'll bet it's even higher than that in reality #TrumpPence16

LATimes is the only poll u have been ahead in weeks and ur behind in the polls by double digit dummard!
Not to mention the three wives, including Melania who have 'enabled' Trump to screw around and sexually assault at will.
Trump intends to use Bill against Hillary which means no holds bar on Melania Trump's soft porn and sex worker days yes?
Eat her face off tonight!
Polls. All but one of them.
You still have my vote!! As a woman, I stand behind you 100%.

Clinging to life?
That would be AMAZING...if it were true.
I wonder if trump will grab HRC 's pussy
#awesomeness
GOOD LUCK TONIGHT!
Not much pussy grabbing going on in 
LA, apparently
Hey Staffers, tonight is your last chance to jump off the train before it completely derails and takes your careers with it
DT ur supporters will stand tall & continue to Vote 4 you. WE NEED CHANGE AND WE NEED IT NOW !!! Love ya DT
Stop worrying about polls. Worry more about Americans and how u can help them with project heart and soul. Contact me.
u need to find out who hillary leek in your group, & replace Carol Cameron from fox, he's gossiping ninny
What the hell is that poll? Fail.
Great news!  Terrific new polling info!


You lose. America wins.
Get the whole picture for once.
