
TYPICAL HOSTILE harassing under educated LIB. Ha ha ha VOTE TRUMP

Ur talent is uncannimg to HILLARYs ha ha ha
but I can spell. "uncannimg?"     
But ur under educated & don't know what it means Hostile Libby
Man on a mission

you support the Goldman Sachs candidate
welp, looks like that was you eh? 
nah....
What do you have to say for yourself, Donald? #JessicaDrake's story sounds 100% legit to me. You in trouble Bud!
These false accusers have fallen on deaf ears. It didn't work. Game over for @HillaryClinton #MAGA
you are going to be so heartbroken come #ElectionDay2016 @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
how can anyone predict a rigged election? Pretty simple.
"@BZyskowski: how can anyone predict a rigged election? Pretty simple" Another who'll need deprogramming come Nov09 Thank God for #ObamaCare
you certainly do need deprogrammed
Spell check "dawg" cause marking your territory on Hillary Clinton is a "gooddawg".
Being perfect must be difficult
Need for paliamentary inquiry to determine the links between obama and all traitors that leaked sensitive information
The aim of politics should be to help people.
yes like the inspiring  24yrs of hillary clinton.We are so much better off with her.NOT! DONT BE A BLIND FOOL

...hey, the soup kitchen called and they want their homeless back
I votes Hillary and for all the other democrats. Enjoy vacation.
Hillary can't fill your average high school gymnasium but the MSM especially CNN would have us believe she is winning. BS
your speech in Ohio was great but one of the cameras that was on you kept a super imposed Putin clapping hands. and Hillary
great so glade you won MAGA
I was there Trump!!! Your loyal deplorable Kimberly Winget 1st grade teacher
I wonder how the principal and parents would react to your posts. Delete your account and go work at kmart
You are rude!!! This is America everyone has an opinion!! I have a right to support Trump!! Teachers 4 Trump!!!!!!
everything on twitter is public. You are an idiot but it won't matter because trump will not win.
Ohio Loves You! Can't wait to vote for you. Let's make America Great again. Remember our rights. Stand for God's King.
That God has had his eye on Mr. Trump for quite some time now. I heard God tell me that he is the next POTUS. I believe.
. I believe you'll be the president of United state.
oh is that where they have the stupid convention
you are the one and only one we need you and support you  to make America great again
yes we Klan! Lol!
check your history, HRC is directly connected to KKK, remember she thought Margret Sanger had the right idea. Really
don't care.
so what you are saying is you would rather lie about Trump, and ignore truth about HRC.
sure.

you two are Fired

#DrainTheSwamp
she will grope him if he lets her.
You can't spell. Your followers can't spell. Maybe education should be priority #1 for your platform!
actually it's priority number whatever the hell he says because he freaking rocks OK!!


Loved you in Back to the Future part II
Check your mom's sex tapes.

Just win!
WHY WHY COULDN'T ELECTION BE THIS TUESDAY?! :}
Support from deplorables.. At least 50% of them. You did your undoing. Your Klan papi allegedly) must be proud.#Hillary2016
Dems founded the klan
Look it up! (2)
the switch you all talk about never really happened it was just one guy
the UNBELIEVABLE crowd, is the growing number of sexual assault victims coming forward
all Democrats and all tied to HRC..imagine that. desperation setting in big league
The @GOP has more career politicians than the Democrats, plus they've abandoned you. Anyone with any sense has.
wrong and where did you get that information. Totally not true
last 2 decades Hillary has been collecting billions selling our weapons to isis.
Virginia is not even competitive so the fact you're there is kind of unbelievable.
hes here to #makevirginiabearableagain
you're hooked on Twitter aren't you Donny boy
who isn't ? Hey you got a twitter account to?

Its a national disgrace to have 11 women  come forward with sexual misconduct allegations against Trump.
You're just SAD!!!!!!! You get better deals from used car salesmen than you can from Don the con.
Two follower Troll . Bye !
LOL twitter snob


Hillery is Danger & confuse to America.
But not Trump.
Its not unbelievable. You couldn't be a better choice for this!!!! 
Go home.... enough of trump...
all good people supporting a great man!
At least 1/2 of these people were protesters.
GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! !
they just want to c what a clown looks like
would you like a new camera ?
in history, people always came out to see side show phonies
Are you busing them in from around the country?  That's your secret, Donnie! Just moving them from one rally to the next.
it was too cold to get in the water so...
i am your #1 fan!!! http://operline.ru/content/v-mire/aleppo-i-mosul-ochevidnoe-neochevidnoe-infografika.html …
you have a crowd ..that don't mean u will win..
Yes, unbelievable. Like you, as in we can't believe what you say.
Yay!  Go Trump!
Why are you wasting time in Virginia? You've run a dumb and wreckless  campaign. You've lost Virginia!!
You removed your staff from Virginia. It looks like @realDonaldTrump's campaign is melting down.
We Want Trump!!!!!
@donsutcliffe53
Looks tiny to me. Kind of like your tiny hands. So small. What can you actually do with them?
@latinaafortrump won't matter if the don't get out & vote and convince the Electoral College to vote for Trump.
Praise Jesus!!!  
Awesome. Those Virginians have always known what they want!  Thank you!
@terrymendozer  I can't wait to tomorrow for more of Trumps speeches!Vote Donald J Trump!
that's exactly the number of people that are gonna vote for you
How many fans have come out to see you?  Not enough to elect you.
@risetoflyy
Hillary can't fill a McDonald's parking lot
Keep on keepin on Mr Trump. Patriots are with you!

even Bill wants to make America great again with Trump !!


keep the Faith
@nbc
not mark DT
drain trump tower watch all the bankruptcy come out
Soon, you won't have the secret service. Soon.
they must be on drugs
Got a Websters handy? Look up unbelievable. Please stop using it to describe goodness or awesomeness. You sound uneducated.
crowds of 30,000 do not win elections it's what you are going to do for America. Stay on message ignore all else.
Stay on Issues Only Stop Defending Yourself. Attack Problems and Talk Solutions Only PLEASE!
please please stay on message attack the crocked criminal Hillary Clinton as you have the better and only true message
yeah probably 100 people… Half of them who hate your ass…
I m 63 I  have never been so excited as I m for you We all need you Mr Trump hang tuff
what 3?
B careful Gov McAuliffe plans to allow felons to vote. Presumably if they vote Democrat. It's his rite but is it rite?

@stopTrumpln16 education? Google and learn.
Hillary up by double digits in latest poll!http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/23/politics/hillary-clinton-donald-trump-presidential-polls/index.html …
unbelievable crowd, bigly crowd, I have the biggest crowds 
why don't you just give up.  You can't possibly win
traffic to get this the new Obamacare cencal and medical perfectly round insurance for lower-income already in place
Unbelievable that there are that many people so intellectually challenged to support your campaign?
Never Trump
The Media, The Press, The Establishment....Can't Stop The Movement!!! #TrumpPence #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Aristotle was right. #Democracy is #MobRule.
ROCK THE RED on Election day. TRUMP supporters wear RED to show your support on Election Day. Please pass this on .


Trump add entertainnent to otherwise  shut-in's . 
Commendable 
Everything is unbelievable
●Believable comes November 9th
Vote Trump!
How could anyone vote for lying Hillary.  She will just lie to us america!!!! She'd kill babies at 9 months. MAGA TRMP!
they want to hear what crazy thing you are going to say. You are like a circus freak show
Donald there are bigots anywhere you go in this country, just not enough to elect you!
All of the Clinton supporters need to wake up to whats really going on and when u do wake your friends,family vote Trump.
100 people wow
the train is roaring thru
The poles were rigged -- Trump advisers visited strip club with media pals just before Vegas debate
stick with the problems in government and politics and don't reply to anything they have to say.... time is running out
we love you!!!!
how did you find so many white people in Virginia Beach?  Did you bring people from Gloucester? #MAGA
@maddow @trumped1971 Truth is these people feel frustrated and angry-more willing to believe anything-even YOUR LIES.
Hillary can only dream of having this many supporters show up.....
and on Nov 9th... you'll say... how could I lose with so many supporters. Because they were curiosity seekers.
Yes a great bunch!!  Which swamp???

WHAT SENSE DOES IT DO TO HAVE ALL THESE RALLIES AND SUPPORTERS WHEN YOU ARE NOT TAKING STEPS TO STOP THE VOTER FRAUD????
I believe he is, the real battle is going to start Nov. 9, everyone knows the election is fraudulent,
-Yep, its over! Another overflowing house!

We're DEPLORABLE and UNEDUCATED. That proves our government failed us. Yet there is 1 thing we can do VOTE TRUMP Nov 8th.
do some studies, dummy. We never pay ransom. Those are seized asset of Iran.
Stop the bullshit. RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS!
everyone on this thing realizes that trump is gonna lose or are u all that stupid that u believe he's leading?
wanna vote for you for sure Mr. Trump. Believe you'll do great things! Don't be discouraged, ur on the way up!
Ask not what you can do for your country, but rather what your government can do for you.
Yes, Real Americans can't believe it either. Nor can the rest of the world. #FactsMatter #HillaryClinton #ArtoftheDeal
#jerryspringer had high ratings too
Even with a ridiculous D+0 to D+8 reweighting, IBD, most accurate poll of last 3 elections, has Trump +2.  In reality, +8.
people need changes
Those are the only pple in VA that will b voting 4 u. The other 10 couldn't get their cars started off their front yards
Are their foreheads all as low as yours? Shallow end of the gene pool meets again.
people attend Trump rallies to see what a real fool looks like 
clinton rally
I have a Master's from @RegentU Love it!
please get out
who's gonna be the first to enforce strict laws and penalties for ANIMAL ABUSE !??????
massive, but not even half of Va Beach residents.
get off the women stay on #DrainTheSwamp
Thanks for doing all this.
You took your money (what little you have) out of VA already. This was an exercise in futility
you took side that is the most challenging, but you are making history of America to check the United state up.
i will
Yesssssssssss
Virginia seems to like sexual assault. No surprise.
ESTABLISHMENT REALLY SCARED BECAUSE TRUMP THE REAL MAN.LEADERSHIP NOV8 LANDSLIDE GOP VICTORY PRES TRUMP

.  President Trump.  Wake up America when you vote!
Please show the crowd comparison ,yours against hillary, in every of your tweet Mr TRUMP   !
@Blazing_Ben Go Hard
funny how fights stop since Hillary and obamas thugs were caught.And for a President to have
A felon visiting white house ?
Crowds smaller and smaller, like your hands. Give it up. You're going to get your arse sued & then you're going to prison

.  I am praying every day that you will win.  This country. Needs a change. And you are it
mr Donalad trump there is a war whith rusha and syra they sead Obama will stay in to Jan 2017 rusha will bomb USA
just another Nazi rally. Just like when Hitler said make Germany great again.
can you speak: how You make all, just
hahahahhahahaaa..and she is "winning"...hahahhaha
