I bet they aren't about
 her daughters wedding.
bullshit and we all know it
Bridezilla
She is apparently a spoiled brat, after all.
@RambunctiousRe
Don't forget yoga too lol
who really gives a crap about emails. I want your taxes!!!!
especially when you compare it to your marriagesss. So many less emails
she is totally full of BS
I can't ever imagine that fat pantsuit doing yoga.
@PugsForTrump and that would be a lot of bullshit because Hillary is full of it!
“Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the Hope Hicks emails that are missing!”

The missing ones probably include #dicpic s of @CLewandowski_ & Rob Porter & #DavidDennison.

It’s true.
@coff33loveit Criminal
many? is that a number or a generalization?
Go after crooked Hillary and crooked media who cover up for her!
You cannot argue that a system is rigged whilst availing yourself of its every corrupt benefit. #NOPRINCIPLES
Actually that's not as many as some weddings have had.  U  probably have that many emails between your weddings & affairs!
you nailed it !!!!
Yep. Like he nailed all those stinky pussies.
nice class act you are
Hahahaha. Vincente of London. Like fuck. I'm a Londoner and you're a fake, a cunt
yes ok tell your 13 followers all about it looser
@DonaldTrumpNew how would the liberals reacted if the released emails were from Trump and Trump as secretary of the state!
@RepStevenSmith the media doesn't care. She can do whatever she wants you know.
and why is yoga and wedding such a secret that they needed to be deleted?? She is full of BS  and lies lies lies lies!!!
Donald OMG, I can't even tweet that many times about any of my grandkids being born, maybe 5 our 6 times the most.
@VoteMarsha ,,,, I really don't give a Flying F --k about an Email . Has NO affect on Americans .
At least she wasn't the one marrying her daughter
...hi Donald!! Keep hammerung this stuff home!! And You need to talk about Bill now calling us Rednecks!!!!
you clearly didn't plan your own weddings
It’s all about the liquor order #dts
It’s all about the liquor order #did
@bassetttyler1
And her Demo politician father in law, got released from Prison & 2 parole.Before&since,in Clinton Cartel
Says the lying excessive tweeter.

.@realDonaldTrump you ever plan a wedding?
Donnie they were about you and how you've gone bankrupt 5 times.
@RealAlexJones @PrisonPlanet @libertytarian @LionelMedia Maybe she was sending wedding invitation emails to everyone in ISIL?
SHOW USE THE 2 YEARS OF EMAILS YOU DELETED AND THOSE TAX RETURNS TOO.. IF YOU HAVE NOTHING TO HIDE, PROVE IT!!!!!
please explain how you can be sending out your own tweets during #Debates2016
I think he's a 3.
you're quite generous. #orangefaceyellowhair

Bill Clinton isn't on the ballot
WE DONT CARE She is Still With HHHERRR!!!!
great pronoun use, bro.
She is a liar.  We need to Make America Great Again!!!!
And I want to grab Don's puss.
Where's your tax returns?
That's all you got now? Just delete your profile
And yoga. Don't forget yoga...#LockHerUp #HillaryForPrison
But who knows. She probably did some shady shit....
And don't forget to count in how many times people also respond.
people. She also has money, and is well known. So, in theory, yes, it can be wedding emails. Do the math. Add up the people
when you have friends. You get a lot of emails. Since you don't have any friends......
If it is wedding emails. Then yes, you can get that many. If it was a wedding, then you'd know there would be hundreds of
who cares how about Hillery s Clinton foundation of stealing she is a thief
like I said she is almost perfect in covering her lies
lol

how was she able to do anything for the country with all the emails for her daughters wedding lol
Hillary was probably having to convince the groom to marry her daughter in all of those emails. That is a lot of convincing
Only you can save this Country.  HILIARY FOR PRISON 2016
Your deep seated insecurity and constant pettiness has become so boring!
Why no mention of deaths CIA undercover agents she exposed and the Iran scientest that was killed when exposed.
what about Bush Admin's 22 million deleted emails?

tell us about this 13 year old.
How many tweets, emails did U send out about Ivanka's breasts, ass, her being hot, wanting to do her?WHAT FATHER DOES THAT?
@Denise7Berry

it's really none of your business
probably as many as the women you've assaulted!
just a thought she couldn't CC or BCC 
Looks more like a Silly Iran sanction’s right off, an accommodation.
LOL yep. The reality is like you said. She committed an act of treason.
Unlike you, she has friends...
#TrumpPence16
let your clutch out
15000 email was about the cake and 18000 emails for yoga sleeping therapy.
Next debate ask Hillary what type of yoga she does. LOL
emails that need plea deals by the FBI? how corrupt is the establishment
want to hear about the issues NOT THE BULLSHIT DONT YOU GET IT
Trump is nuts
her email leaks so bad Samsung comes out with self destructing phones
she said it herself. She deleted half of all her emails... "I turned over 35,000 emails!"
She deleted them in the same month that the Select Committee on Bengazhi asked for them.
must have had an amazing wedding planner.
Anderson Cooper never asked her anything about it; It had to be initiated by you Mr.Trump. Go Donald!
Release your taxes then we an talk about emails. My opinion.
She will have sore fingers.
@Trump_World 

You won't be invited to next one. Lol
@Trump_World I'm sure Clinton Foundation donors had many requests.
- You cannot help yourself and MUST make vapid, inane, low-class, low-intellect, and low-life comments over and over again.
Hillary admits her mistake but she doesn't take an action to correct it by unveiling the content of the "marriage" emails?
thought it was yoga. When you lie as much as Hillary, its hard to keep track
Looks like bringing up an 11 yr old tape on DT backfired on HC! You know she said 2 release when Wikileaks drops
@frLarousse2 traveled to 112 countries, was it to shake them down for C foundation donations?
MORE LIES !!!  TRUMP SLANTS OR BULLSHITS EVERYTHING !!!
READ AND RETWEET
Masterful job yesterday.  This is why we voted for you.  Nobody else could've done it like you did.  Suck it Romney!!
And NARY a yoga routine can be found.

wrong
@USATopGuns where are those pesky yoga and wedding emails... Haven't seen any.. #crookedHillary lies. Sociopath
I kept hoping with that giant stage someone would ask her to show her favorite yoga position ?
https://youtu.be/tV6q9LOubfc 
Weddings and yoga, right. They really expect us to believe it. XD LOLOL
the emails and two computer destroyed are where they where you'll never find them thanks fib great job.
you should know, you had 3

quick fix: it's 33,002 emails
THAT'S A LOT OF BS
Sure is, Must have been a big event:-) even Charles and Diana didn't get that many E's
Stop this nonsense Donald. If you do not believe the FBI about the emails than who do you ever believe in. Tooth fairy?
So is almost a billion dollars in tax write offs.
nobody believes that Clinton Lie!
More emails than most send in a lifetime. You wouldn't smash smart phones with a hammer over wedding and yoga emails
yea right
$900 million in losses in 1995 alone. That's a SHITTY CEO. #FRAUD #TAXCHEAT #LIAR #DumpTrump
Trump is brilliant at business so show your tax returns so we can see all your awesomeness.
She needs to be prosecuted to the fullest for Lying to the public and Benghazi mothers.!!
That was a very stupid statement, if you do not have proof of something, shut up Donald the Con Man
ha
funny the deleted emails that the FBI is managing to recover don't deal with the wedding or yoga - all business related
ya sure all about her daughter bs to that

approx 90 emails per day for a year, wow that's a lot of planning!
Losing 915,000,000.  That's a while lot of money.  #notagenius #stoopid
15 years of tax returns not available due to "Audits".  That's a lot of tax returns.
Why don't U talk to the 22 million emails GeorgeWBush deleted on Iraq the war you approved!
Where are all your e-mails? Why don't you release them???
Being an ordained minister, I can tell you that it feels like I get 33,000 emails about wedding plans.
your $916 million loss shows how exemplary of a businessman you aren't
You need to start calling it what she did. She "destroyed evidence" that was under a subpoena by the FBI.
you clearly never helped plan one of your 3 otherwise you'd know...
too many
Well she's very popular, unlike you!
is that really anything you got to get her? Thats piss poor pathetic man. I am with you you can take Hillary on many fronts
you've been married 3 times and probably haven't had that many!
It seems lately that that is the number of tweets you ramble off each day.
DIVERSION TACTICS from Trump once again. Between diversion and SNIFFING he manages to avoid answering questions
She's full of shit even the fly knew it
Maybe she sent one word per e-mail.  LOL. I watched her face last night more than I heard her words...Donald Trump WIN!
@WERStanford SINCE WHEN DO "WEDDING" EMAILS REQUIRE BLEACH BIT TO DELETE THEM??  LIAR, LIAR, PANTSUIT ON FIRE! VOTE TRUMP!
she deleted emails and you SEXUALLY ASSAULTED women... YOU of all people may not want to throw stones!
LOL
funny you mentioned that she didn't know what a "C" meant marked on email. U used it for "colored" remember, you were sued!
how many e-mails to the Trump University students you duped? Contractors you didn't pay?? Drop out Trump.
@twright55 I keep saying it she's got this election rigged and everyone she needs in her pocket #debate2016
SHES A DECELIETFUL LIAR!!!
if she turned over 35k work emails and had an equal amount of non-work emails that means she goofed off 50% OTJ.
Chelsea needs a lot of help lookswise.  But that's still a lot of emails.
well she does have a lot of frien...wait, no she doesn't.
how many millions did GWB delete?
its udder b s...this issue really chaps my ass...
get off the emails.   If it's alright for you to assault with your fake apology.   She has sincere apologized regard email
we're fucked either way so why don't we just #VoteGaryJohnson or #VoteJillstein
she did not want your Russian buddies to hack those emails
You're clueless b/c you just showed up 2 Ivanka's wedding. I'm sure you're exwife handled everything
- Great job on debate! Blessings your way Mr. Future President!
you ROCKED in debate! SO much better than last one. You went after her w the truth!
You've clearly never organised a wedding...
thats probably $25 per email in wedding costs. Rich privileged elitist class Clintons
You should see mine, women do that. But you arent interested in woman's mines Trump spends too much time on what pho
may be one for each of her hubbys weddings ?? #darkhorse
you would think someone who's had multiple weddings would know it's not a lot. #debates #Debates2016
I'm sick of CNN. All Trump supporters should boycott them and not watch that channel at all. Bring their ratings way down!!
. Which the moderators did not open that up either!
To much money or the guests?!.
you need to continually bring up all the "suicides" in relation to Killery. Benghazi.
even if it was true, it proves she spends more time emailing, than working! INSIDE EDITION IS WORSE THAN ACCESS HOLLYWOOD!
@newtgingrich @IngrahamAngle #DontForgetTheYoga GOOT 2 delete Yoga photos:Avoid ZA blackmail! BuTT R no photoz:Camera'sShy!
B.S.!
and the million scary sexual thoughts in ur mind is alot of scary sexual thoughts!!! LMFAO
they spent a lot of Clinton Foundation $ .on that wedding I am assuming

come on Donald, RT me fam
@vandives that's false! Not only weddings, but yoga class! 33000 emails on weddings & yoga seems reasonable.
I bet you it was spam and Amazon Deal of the Day. 
yeah, aren't you able to relate, having had 3 weddings?
I agree that it was a lot of emails about her daughter's wedding. Maybe her daughter is a polygamist.
