Did u say it? Did u not say it? We know you said it. We need decent humans in office.
Just curious @realDonaldTrump, do you happen to know any serious leaders we could replace you with?
And the creepy just get creepier
And you are not big league anything. #resign
So you’re resigning? How soon?
B. People like YOU are one of the serious problems this world has. C. We DO need a serious leader, and you’re not it. On your best days you
are nothing more than a failed pitiful clown. And you don’t have many of those good days. Do your nation a great service and resign. PLEASE.
It wasn't locker room talk.  Real men don't talk like that.  It was a confession.
Stop saying "locker room talk", you're offending every decent man on the planet.
Thank you.
Mr Trump why are you now saying you never said it? I thought it was locker room talk?
Exactly, @realDonaldTrump. The sooner you turn yourself in to Robert Mueller, the sooner we'll get one.
You aren't?
Strange coming from the world's biggest liar.
Are you resigning?
Once a perp, always a perp

"locker room talk" my ass, that is a description of sexual assault.
Then yes!!! please resign... #TrumpIsAMoron @POTUS Bring back @POTUS44 to oversee a new election without cheating #RussiaGate
You admitted it, you took responsibility for it. Hillary lied, abused women, and ordered people killed,sold our country out
First, Mr. Serious Leader can't figure out what's going on -- when it's both simple and obvious. Then, he catches on, but can't perform, and looks the complete fool. Yeah, he's Big League alright -- the tremendous star of the Bigly Incompetent League.
But ? We don’t even want to hear it. Anyone else would be better suited to lead.Id take Bill Cosby before you.Just declare ur done and quit.
World's serious problem = @realDonaldTrump
Serious leader = e.g #AngelaMerkel, but definitely NOT @realDonaldTrump

No shit. Step down so we can get some!
JW is sexual assault just locker room behavior too? And we all agree with the last sentence.
One year ago today Trump tweeted this.
62,984,825 people voted for a clown.
We have serious problems & they start with #Trump #resist
It wasn't locker room talk & you're the serious problem in this world!

plans for our country!!?? Let's go!
Little hands for a little mind
We do need serious leaders, so take your crooked cronies and grifters out of OUR White House so we can get some serious leaders in there.
Couldn't agree with you more, Donald. You should not be proud of bragging about sexual assault, nor of committing it.
In addition, this world does need serious leaders. Please resign. (And take your cabinet with you!)
You're getting locker room talk mixed up with admitting to sexual assault sir.. You should be in Prison!
You are so disrespectful of our country and all its peoples.  I'm ashamed you are #destroyer-in-chief!
Don’t degrade literally anyone who has ever been in a locker room
Your locker room talk is why you shouldn't be a world leader. The folks who voted for you are sick in the head. Pray for them?
Trumpski gets dumpedskied
You are not a serious leader AT ALL! That was NOT locker room talk, it was bragging about sexual assault! You and Weinstein are NO DIFFERENT! I agree that we need serious leaders, please step down and let us find one! #DumpTrump #Trumplies
Then apologize.  Genuinely and sincerely
And again, You are not a Leader! You are a divider! A deflector! A LIAR!! A Swamp sucking disease! A little little man with no validity!
We do need REAL LEADERS!!! PLEASE RESIGN!!!
Real leadership can't be found in #DonnyDayCare.
We do. So, do this country a bigly favor and, resign.
And yet, we are stuck with you and President Stephen Miller #PresidentMiller
HAHAHA. Like any real athletes would ever let you in the locker room.
It wasn’t a locker room. It was a TV show’s bus and you were on mic. Billy Bush wasn’t your buddy but your coworker on the job.
Your not the one !!!
But Donald you did it.  You just didn't talk about it. And none of that grabbing took place in a locker room.  Dressing room yes!
Says the noted serial sex offender
We will not back down until you are rotting in prison. That is a promise. Buckle up.
You are going down
You are a rapist
You are absolutely right. So step aside old man and find yourself a locker room to hide out in.
Then go to the old folks home, and let a real leader take over. You phucking moron.

Then we MUST rid ourselves of you. #Fakeleader, #FakePotus, #FakeTrumpU, #AlternativeFacts #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow Lock this man up.
Real men don't talk like that. That wasn't locker room talk, and you know it. You're right, we need a real leader not some insecure baby!
Oh good your resigning?
Alas, just another lie.
#prezifakefake
Serious leaders are at work solving problems - not golfing at taxpayer expense !
That's not You , You do know that , Right ?!?!?

Lolololol!!!! Oh, you’re serious!!!
You are not a serious leader. #Bigly
Yes, we do need serious leaders! That would mean you should be GONE from the WH! Every day you stay, you bring us closer to ruination! SAD!
I am guessing while u r 'not proud of locker room talk' you are very much proud of grabbing women by the pussy, yes?
We do need serious leaders. When are you quitting??
When you put the mints in your mouth though.... #slumlord
Enough dismissing your vile behavior as locker room talk. It is offensive. You know it was actions, not just talk. You are not the leader.
We do need serious leaders. #resign
Couldn’t agree more. Resign, now.
So resign and let us have one.
This is your cue. BUBBYE!!!
it’s called sexual harassment... own it. @SpeakerRyan is this the kind of leadership we need now? #25thAmendment #WorldWarIII
Too bad we have a #moron as a president.
So you are resigning? Holy cow! You know we need a real leader-so you are resigning. First decent thing you’ve done in your life!
If #Kaepernick had taken a knee to protest #fakenews against you, you would have supported him. #VeteransforKaepernick
The most serious problem is you! We need a REAL president. #TrumpRussia
You said you did a good job in PR. If the only thing to do was pass out paper towels, you did OK but the job is not done! No credit!
Corker is right, you are a loon!
You took part of this rant right out of the movie "The American President"! LOL
Well then knock off insulting people and formenting chaos on twitter and do some work for a change.
And...we got you.
45 you're a loser in more ways than you can count! #Impeach45Now
Glad you agree, please resign so the adults can take over again.
So why don't you and @VP Pence resign so we can elect some?? Because golfing every weekend and some Mondays, too is NOT the indicator of a serious President. Neither is groping women, BTW. And Hey - have you heard about the fires in CA? Any word for those devastated??
More and more people are saying you’re insane.
Perhaps you should review some tape of President Obama to catch up on your Serious Leader training. You seem to have fallen behind.
Calling it ‘locker room talk’ is a sure sign that you’re not really owning up to anything.
Yes we need serious leaders, you wouldn't know any?
Someone who lies about everything, and a narcissist can't  be serious!
And you aren't serious in the least.
@POTUS 

Then YOU need to #resignnow
Yes, we do. So, please resign and take your entire Administration with you.
Fuck You.
Kim Jung il? Grab him by the pussy. When you're a star, they let you do whatever you want! Lol.
Yeah, we do.  So resign and take your cliwn squad with you.



Yes. We need serious leaders. Not morons aching to start WWIII. GET OUT SO WE CAN GET SOMEONE COMPETENT! & take your 29% with you!

He meant "we need serious leaders Bigly"

Michael Douglas said it better in The American President. He also played the part of president better than you.
What locker rooms have you ever been in? Sneaking into beauty pageant dressing rooms doesn't count, pig. 
#Corker is right.
#ImpeachTrump
Big problems like wild fires? Hurricanes? Or just Black athletes with opinions? 
FU 
#TrumpResign
We certainly do Bozo Trump which is why we need to end the clown show and get you out of WH. #POTUSloser
You are NOT a serious leader! You are making the problems worse and destroying this country! History will not be kind to you.
Agree, serious leader needed.  So get out!
Take your own advice,drop the battle against NFL http://players.YOU  dishonor our flag by using it against our Constitution.
It should've ended here. You are unfit to lead this great nation. RESIGN NOW! #merylWasRight
Are you proud of calling members of congress names...like a 10 year old?
Are you proud of calling John McCain a loser for being captured?
Then resign so we can get a serious leader.
Yes, so please...you and your pet monkey @VP resign.

which is why you should resign immediately.
Yes, we need serious leaders and we currently have NONE!
Given that logic, you should resign now, and allow a serious leader take the job as President!  YOU ARE A FRAUD! A TV GUY!!
Dude you are the problem you need to seriously impeach yourself and save the country from your madness
So...you and your lap dog Mikey need to resign and we’ll find us a leader. Loser.
What a thing to be proud of.
Therefore stop golfing at your own properties all the time. #selfdealing
I'm counting at least 18 sexual misconduct allegations:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Trump_sexual_misconduct_allegations …
Could you please explain?  This is not "locker room talk."  It is "grabbing her breasts.."
"putting his hand up her skirt," groping her "beneath her skirt," "touched her breast," "grabbing her ass," "kissing her on the mouth"....
"forcing his tongue in her mouth," "sexual assault," "grabbing her butt," "groping her breasts" (these are each difference women)...
"continually groping her buttocks," "treating her like cattle," "creepy" peeping, "walking in on them naked."  END.
Eh, be careful about this one. Groups of women claiming sexual assault is commonly used to discredit Russian opposition politicians. It’s y
Not when it's over 40 years.
Be careful. There are many such cases of less powerful people being framed.
You are unable to see the truth even if it's in front of your nose. 
Then you need to step down and let the grown ups get to work.
Did you actually admit that you are a scumbag that berates women. Way to go you Narcissistic, Misogynistic, Racist Bigot...now RESIGN!!!
It is not locker room talk, it is sexual assault period. Yes, the world needs serious leader and you have shown no leadeship qualities.
Then who do you suggest? It's obviously not  you. #conman #racist #fascist
We hate you RESIGN You are a disgrace to this nation 
What? You consider yourself to be a big league leader? SAD.. ..#OutOfTouch
Thank you @POTUS! A heavy burden has been lifted.  #BigLeagueTruth
You a right about that, so are you admitting to a rigged election, and letting competent people taking over?
You did more than talk & we know it. Ref.Howard Stern tapes.
Too bad you aren't one of them.
you’re STILL colluding w/Russia. VP NFL stunt was probably just the tip of the iceburg. did the WH coordinate w/spencer for Charlottesville?
It wasn't locker room talk. It was reporting on your history of multiple alleged sexual abuses.  Release all those women & staff from NDAs.
Seriously... Arrogant Clueless Dipshit says "what?"
You are right.  We do need serious leaders.  Hope one replaces you in 2020 (if not before).
Sexual assault you committed should be more embarrassing than locker room talk. 
We DO need a serious & wise leader,
That's not you.
Resign
As the Three Stooges would say "Good- you can help us look for some."
Why don’t you make a statement on soldiers KIA in Niger vs. this garbage? For someone who claims he loves the flag and all it stands for....
We had one and his name was Obama
so you're stepping down then?
Agreed. So get the f-ck out of the way. People are suffering all over our country while you stage fake NFL appearances and play golf. #loser
if you were a serious leader, we wouldn't need a serious leader. SAD!
You are much worse than James Buchanan.
We do! Which is why you should resign immediately.
When will you be stepping down to make room for serious people ?
So you're resigning, and so is Pence, your fellow giant taxpayer-fleecing phony?

Not you!
Go find some serious leaders, then, and let them do their jobs, Half-Pint.
Then resign so we can get a serious leader
Take your own fucking advice
And now you're added to the list. #ugh
This will not stop the talk about the allegations of you assaulting many different women.  Please resign.  You are no leader at all.
