.@realDonaldTrump Bruh u got played

ur a great man Mr trump!    #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Yep, just like Hitler.
We all need you to be the Person of a Decade we know you can be #TrumpPresident #personoftheyear
Hitler and Stalin also received the award.
I encourage you sir now to fill that role and make the country what you promised, make it great again
YES...PETSON OF THE YEAR ...BUT CHECK HOW 63M OF AMERICANS SEE YOU ...#MAGA #TRUMPTRANSITION #TRUMPTOWER #TRUMPLEAKS
looking forward to your 1st 100days in office.  Really hoping you archive your goals.  Love your no nonsense approach
yes you definitely deserve it president trump . as far this hacking crap, 
Intelligent agency propaganda
You are sick and need help.
and with the title "president of the divided states". U couldn't "unite" a dinner party let alone the us. #unfit #ajoke
hold a press conference
so has Hitler, Stalin, khrushchev, and Khomeini.
yeah, abt that: I don't actually think they meant it as a "compliment." (compliment means something nice.) #Trumpsplaining
Today's reminder to stay focused on the real news:Putin was personally involved in election hack.
The Times piece is not a compliment; but that's right, you don't read.
You deserved it, Mr. President-elect! Make America Great Again!
They gave you devil horns, Donald.
where are the horns? divided states of America will be fixed now under Trump
If you actually believe that, you are a moron.
Seems that you were a moron to think that Hillary had a chance to win
Yep, along with the majority of Americans who also voted for HRC.
Some of which were not registered voters that were legal in America but I digress we don't pick u.s. Presidents by popular vote for the 1 millionth time
The voter commission that was going to expose this alleged fraud was disbanded today.
Where did you hear that CNN? LOL
congratulations
Dear Mr. Trump, for your perusal:

You deserve it 100%. Some of us had terrible years but beating Hillary gave us hope. Keep up the hard work. #MAGA
Hitler was person too u r just as evil #speaktruthtopower #nocompromisewithevil #liarsthrownintoouterdarkness
Let's all call it "Man of the year" from now on..
But did you read the piece in @TIME ? CAN you read? It's not complimentary you delusional fool.
the Hateful of the year in other language
Reminder: Donald Trump asked Russia to launch a cyberattack on the U.S. http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/312289/donald-trump-asked-russia-launch-a-cyberattack-on-us/ …
really? Do you have proof of that Brain Adams?


Donald, you are aware the Time Magazines POtY can be someone who affected the world for good OR bad right?
Congratulations! So did they!
hum
BULLSHIT! THE PUSSYWHIPS ARE OBAMA & HILLARY!!
all according to #BidensBadHairPlugs and #TrumpsWeave world domination plan
WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU, BABY HANDS.  YOU DON'T DESERVE TO BE ON THE COVER OF EITHER MAGAZINE.  BESIDES, LIAR THAT YOU ARE, YOU HAVE YOUR OWN MAGAZINE COVERS MADE PRAISING YOUR EGO, AND HANG THEM EVERYWHERE YOU OWN.  BUT, NOBODY BUT YOU BELIEVES THEM ANYWAY.
This will never happen again, unless it’s when you’re impeached. Note the 2016 selection wasn’t such a great honor, but more recognition for the threat you pose to Americans through corrupt practices and deceitful relationships.
It had to be a joke!  But Groper of the year or lier of the year - you bet’cha!
still trying to figure out how you are going to run this country... And troll Twitter everyday at the same damn time
Obama manages to play golf every 3rd day for 8 straight years. I think our President-elect will be ok.
Wow! What a vivid imagination you have! @Justin12393Lee @realDonaldTrump
USURP TRAITOR KGB SPY GREAT PERSON OF THE YEAR MAKE RUSSIA GREAT AGAIN
Funny thing is, this cartoon IS correct. Emails were a much bigger deal
when foreign country interfere in USA Elections is not bigger deal
Um I would say abortion is ALWAYS the bigger deal. Also you realize that your'e complaining that
the emails released showed corruption on the dems side. You're angry that a leak exposed corruption.
I'm angry bc the corruption is base in let another country interested in usa elections & yall don't care
You agree meddling elections is wrong, right? One: Ask Bernie. And 2: http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/nMJMS …
Palestinian is not my country I care less about that America is more important than others contrys

Hillary is 2.7 MILLION votes ahead....trump is #secondbest
one day you'll learn the rules of the election  or maybe not 
I know the rules, just saying more people voted against him than for him #secondbest
go cry in your closet, you win by getting the most electoral votes, you should read up on it 
not crying at all...he will never have the majority of Americans on his side #secondbest
I just got blocked....shaping up to be a good day! 
UNDESERVED
LIBERALS are Uneducated LIBERTARDS & DEMOCRATES have become new Form of MAFIA. Racist, Bigots ,&Satanism
Satan
I hope you get deported
Had there been twitter in 1938, Hitler would have tweeted the same
1938 they named Hitler person of the Year.  It's not a compliment bozo.
I wonder why Trump is so obsessed with Time Magazine?
I am cancelling my subscription immediately!!!
@POTUS Okay, this whole "quotes" thing really makes sense here. Whew. #ButItWasInQuotes
THAT WAS NO HONOR. TIME called YOU Pres of DIVIDED STATES OF AMERICA. NOT exactly a COMPLIMENT.
What did you think about Forbes naming Putin as the Most Powerful Person of the Year?
What year and who was the president when Forbes naming Putin as the most Powerful Person of the year? And how many beheadings occurred?
A definitive interpretation of your Time magazine cover:
Apparently the author of the interpretive article thinks "subversive" means accurate and deserving.  Then, I concur. The subjects are alike.

Omg @realDonaldTrump
 Look, it's a babyLib crying those liberal tears over the election 
Poor little #Snowflake 
ha ha ha.   Come up with something new
If it's not broken why fix it
Btw, more proof you can't handle the truth
Shielding yourself from other points of view is how you generate ignorance, guess you're too ignorant to know
I shield myself only from the ignorant and the uneducated.
I think u missed the point there Donny!! It's not always a compliment. Hitler was once named "Person of the year"!!
Yeah... @realDonaldTrump.. they made Adolf Hitler "Person of the Year" once too. Don't be flattered. You're still Satan incarnate.
What an idiot! "Person of the Year" is not an "honor" - it's recognition of a person's influence on the world. Not an award
Trump joins some other's who were so "honored". Stalin, Hitler, Khomeini. Craving adulation he'll accept anything as praise
you've changed your tune
The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like Newsweek,soon be dead. Bad list!
Ha ha ha this made my morning
2014 person of the year---Ebola.
It means you were a headline.  You're there with the likes of Eisenhower, LBJ, Khrushchev, and Khomeini. Get it now?
Its not a complement! And if it were you would be on the same level as Hitler. You are around 20 mill behind him! 
feeling bad about yourself because one of your restaurants got a bad review?
You do realize Adolph Hitler was also once TIME Magazine's Man of the Year, right?
A distinction you share with Hitler. Of course he was a "Man" not a "Person" but you can't have everything. #TimeFascists
same as Hitler too
A lot of not so nice assholes have been on Time Magazine cover.
Congrats on joining Hitler, Putin, Khomeini. You're a bad person just like them.
THIS SURE BEATS NEWSWEEK'S MADAME HILARY WINS EDITION.

It was a great honor for Adolf Hitler too.
short fingered vulgarian. Awesome
OBVIOUSLY YOUR INFLUENCE WAS FOR THE WORSE, THAT GOES WITHOUT SAYING.
- A very well deserved honor Mr. President! You're an example of the word sucess! Go trump! Straight to the victory!
I love you Donald Trump!  Thank you for helping our country.
Thank you for being our President. I love you!  Ann P.


@nytimes = Time's up! #MAGA
they are actually making fun of you by calling you a person...they know you really aren't.& Ur a** is getting a lot bigger
Like Hitler...
...Indeed, as Hitler, Stalin, and Ayatollah Khomeini also received same "honor." Congrats!
not necessarily
this wasn't meant as an honor. They are comparing you to Stalin, Putin, & Hitler. #resist #Propoganda

It isn't, actually, and again you've been made a fool:
You must have ignored the 'divided' .. way to make America dysfunctional ..
Clearly  didn't actually read @EdwardGLuce's article.
They gave it to Hitler too.
Yup...you're in a class with Hitler and Stalin. The Divided States of America is not a great honor.
Congratulations Mr. President!
Earned title

Wonderful work

Definitely deserved
And for putting devil horns on your head too :D

Dude, it's not always a compliment. You're joining the ranks of Hitler, Stalin and Putin. Congratulations?
Did you notice your red DEVIL HORNS too ? The World always knew you were Satan in disguse.
Bahahaha! #jokesonyou #takeanartclass
Ahahahaha! Okay..if you say so, did you read it? #TimeMagazine
INSTEAD, UNIFIER OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA......OBAMA THE DIVIDER.. WAIT!  OBAMA WHO?????
Never heard oh her!
How much did you have to pay them?  Oh wait....the media are a bunch of liars....it all makes sense now.
Welcome to the rarified company of Nixon, Stalin and Hitler! Great honor indeed!
right up there with Hitler. Good show
Ahole of the year more like.
You the man , You deserve it , we wish you great success most of positive people believe in your success
good thing they didn't give your restaurant a bad review your fee fees would be hurt and you'd try to destroy them.
gag
An award previously won by the likes of Hitler, Stalin, the Ayatollah, Corazon Aquino, and your pal Vladimir Putin.
Wasn't Hitler once on the cover?
Not MY person of the year. Disgraceful act by Time and others. They should be ashamed.
It's not meant to be an honor...
it's not an honor stupid, read the article, it didn't say great person, you're in the same category as Hitler. Congrats!
not necessarily a compliment
Times Person of the Year is not an honor, unless you like sharing it with Stalin and Hitler...
LMAO! Was Hitler honored, too? Stalin and Ayatollah Khomeini? Omg, you don't even know what this means! LOL!!! #CluelessPE
you know #hitler and #Stalin got it too right? #notmypresident
let's not forget, "Of the divided states of America. Great praise indeed.
they also made Saddam Hussein the man of the year. Don't be so proud
Mazal Tov
You flip flop back and forth, depending upon what they say about you!  #whinyassbitch

great honour indeed to be in such illustrious company with Hitler and Stalin
You are missing the point, we as Americans elected you and we want you to lead us.  Do not let these 'bitches' stop up from
You don't get why, do you?
lol did you notice the devil horns the time art director put over your head?
Hitler was also named man of the year by time.
that doesn't mean they think you were the best person. Far from it.
Did you miss the Devil horns thing?....It probably went right over your head..........
How much did you buy the honor from the Grim Reaper? #PoliticalClown #OrangeNeckAdministration #OrangeIsTheNewBlack
Not PERSON of the year, just the most ......
I support you but i still won't buy time magazine
5 Ways You Can Support the Victims of Aleppo http://time.com/4602080/support-aleppo-victims/ …
Time Mag named U "Most Divisive Person in America" &  thus U Will NEVER B OUR POTUS = sentiment of majority of Americans.
Do you actually understand what it means - ESP in your case??? Hitler was too once! 
kys
@BetteMidler such as honor being man of the year!  You will be right up there with Joseph Stalin and Vladimir Putin!
Where are your tax returns???
not necessarily
god bless you Mr. Trump! We the American people you #heismypresident #PatriotsUnite #MAGA
hahaha you still suck. No magazine's title can take that fact away. YOU ARE AN EGOMANIAC. And will be a horrid president
Hitler was as well, it's not a lot to be proud of.
You're in good company. Times also bestowed this on Hitler and Stalin. #SubtleInsult #PutinsPuppet #NotMyPresident 
#Unfit
, Among the 10 runners-up were Erdogan, Putin, Farage.  Title had indeed 64% chance to honor its recipient.
So was Hitler! Your point?
it's not necessarily an honor lol. Hitler was on the cover too.
getting rid of the Incompetent Bush and Clinton families is the incredible value you made to this country. Thank you
Mine doesn't say person of the year!  Mine says Insulting Pig Conman of the Year! #chumpNEVERmypresident
It's so cute watching the deplorables do a victory lap... How's your Medicare doing?
if you actually read the articles instead of just looking at the pictures of yourself, you'll see it's not such an honour
what they meant to say was #DickheadOfTheYear
Nah. The media is inaccurate and crooked.
I'm not a fan of 'person of the year' but by not saying MAN means you also beat every woman inconsideration for the award.
They weren't complimenting u. Sigh...so stupid. #trumptimemagazine #TreasonousTrump #DemandDemocracy #trumpblackout
it was a "great honor" for Hitler too.
ONLY YOU would see it as an honor! Even TIME is quick to make it clear it's NOT.
but wouldn't it be "better" it it were MAN of the year? Then they could have had a Woman of the Year too.... votes for HC?
Yup...you've joined an elite bunch.  Some of them are Plonkers but you're not are you? (Chuckle, chuckle)
You realize that Hitler was named Time's Person of the Year for the same reason you were, right?
It Shiyld he MAN of The Year!!
#TimeManOfTheYear isn't necessarily a compliment.  Just ask Hitler.
hitler also was TIMES man of the year. Lmao you are pathetic Donald. Just can't believe they will make you POTUS.
You don't understand irony, do you?
B4 U let that "great honor" go 2 UR head, know Hilter who's responsible for 6 mil deaths was Times Man of the year in 1938.
.@realdonaldtrump Are they really honoring you?
Hitler (1938),  Stalin (1939 and 1942), Khrushchev (1957) Ayatollah Khomeini (1979) also Time Person of the Year. Putz!
They also named Hitler
not always an honor. human of the year isn't always a positive thing.
you were named because you bought that magazine too, just like you buy everything...
I wonder if Hitler was honored too
You were named as being in the company of Stalin and Hitler.
You do realize that Hitler also received that same "honor", right?
let's b clear-Hitler was person of the year too-not always a positive thing.
You will become a great president. The only president with the Internet spirit. congratulate.

you're simultaneously a thousand years old and an underdeveloped child.
