If you're so confident you're going to win why do you keep tweeting about the recount? Asking for a friend
He's trying to distract us from the stories regarding his business dealings.
Hillary won the popular vote lol everyone knows

Yes! :)
"Convincingly" is the key word.  You scared, bro?  I think I'm gonna call you, "bro" because I don't take you seriously,.
Twitter has a limited character # for a reason... #notmypresident
YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP PUT ALL OF YOUR HEART INTO CAMPAIGNING, 1:00A.M. STILL CAMPAIGNING, YOUR INDURANCE SPEAKS FOR ITSELF.♡♡
If Obama pardons her she will skate-say nothing until after 1-20-17, then drop the hammer
why cant you just accept the fact that 90% of the world hates you
he'll still be your president, Sir 
nope. Not mine. Never. I will not be represented by an orange orangutan with a Twitter addiction
That's why I've learned late in my  life how important our  electoral college is. The forgotten population.
Devos wants to make $$ while destroying public schools, she's funding group to push for child labor http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/betsy-devos-child-labor-acton_us_5836eb7fe4b000af95edf12e …
fuck off racist trumpf
Loser. 

Are you insane?  Is dementia getting a bit much for you?

Wow. You need to have your caregivers take over again.
Trump LOST the election by 2 MILLION votes.
your full of caca. You didnt win fairly.  Your enabled the Russians to hack into our elecoratal electronic systems
and you have perpetuated nothing but lies and deceit towars everyone in the United States and world wide.
Obama Forced Nawaz Sharif on Pakistan so if that's acceptable then ACCEPT TO LEGAL President #Trump
You Were Elected By the Forgotten , Poor and Underprivileged !
Enough, lets hear about how u r going to reduce our taxes like u said u were.
Woulda coulda shoulda...now pick a SOS
lmfao
well done mate, you really got him there!
.@realDonaldTrump actually your figures are wrong.  The top 6 pop states have 50.6% of nation pop
No matter how you look at it, nobody had the stamina or the message to beat Donald Trump.
wrong.
fuok you
delete your account
We The People want to hear from Trump. Can't trust #MSM. So block him if you don't want to listen.
LOL and you think this is activity becoming a President?  Wow.. aim low....
Nah we're just primed for his next reality TV show.  Trump vs the World.
I don't like reality TV and never agreed to be a participant....
lol unfortunately unless we or he gets fired it's really all we have
you would never ever have won california or new york- you're crazy!
lol what you scared of
You need to stop acting like a child and act like a president. Find a safe space and a comfort dog, snowflake.
Forget acting presidential, I would be happy for "average adult" at this point.
I think that was Bush, no?
check out the photos of his house.1%'r enjoy the tax hikes!
Hillary isn't the best yet she knew the drill.   Times were really good in the 90s
. @realDonaldTrump girl no one cares. Get a fucking journal.
And you are... exactly... ?
I figured my username being my name would be pretty clear, but, alas....
And you are... oh right... no one...
I'm the random stranger whose mentions you jumped into, ma'm. So, clearly, someone to you.
She's a failed song writer who stalks trump leave her alone she needs her safe space
You petulant fucking child, just sit on your hands and let the big kids run the show.  My god you're an asshole.
Snowflake? Yes he will be the President. But I will never ever "get over it." And we will never get along.
Won't be misery.  Will be thrilled to fight against the hateful policies of the President. I love a fight.
Well you did say the election was rigged didn't you? Feeling rattled yet?
Why would it matter where I live? The president of the USA has world influence. It matters to everyone
What an utterly ridiculous thing to say. I can have an opinion. Trying to suppress opinion is a step towards fascism
you literally have no idea what you're talking about. What are you trying to distract us from now?
Secret Service is paying him $3M a year to rent space in his building to protect him.... that is one thing.
you mean WE are paying him $3M...
YEP! 'cuz White House is not good enough for Melania and 'Baron'.
The boy is young and impressionable and attending a special school. Family is off limits.
Seem to recall Rush Limbaugh going after Chelsea Clinton.
you lost. get over it
experts? or you mean people like alex jones? you're an idiot
you talking about trump 
You lost the popular vote. Deal with it. @realDonaldTrump
@lolosallu4ever @realDonaldTrump
lol hilarious. Thousands of hate crimes and you go off a fake meme.
Thats true. Didn't you see the rioting? You think its a nice, lovely thing to do?
doesn't it concern you Trump has so many mass protests against him?
grow up and take a look at his policies. He's backing away from everything
So proud to have you for our President
you are taking advantage of us we don't need another country to liar liar
Philadelphia rise up against this scum city of freedom trump dosent represent freedom
In retrospect I yearn for last year when your gibberish was still quaint, like a clumsy fawn taking its first precocious steps. Now your tweets are just more turds in an overflowing punch bowl.
YOU ARE AN ACIDENT LOOKING FOR A DISASTER & IT WON'T BE LONG NOW.
lol but you lost the popular vote by 2.2 million
Mike Pence is a moron to look at Indiana Mexico isn't paying for the wall we are liar
Get off Twitter & do something useful, fuckface.
might I suggest starting with reading your security updates?
oh ffs shut up you massive baby
just unfollow him.
I can't. It's like watching a car crash. Morbid fascination
You can't? Then don't complain?
Since Trump's evident psychological instability affects the entire nation, we SHOULD be watching.
You

Are

Embarrassing

Everyone
@lolosallu4ever @realDonaldTrump You 

Forgot 

To 

Backspace.

Go 

TRUMP!!!
per usual, you can't come up with anything to defend your God so you come up with something useless
As if the guy i replied to was making a highly useful tweet
You are a weak and pathetic man. Your election brings shame to America. @realDonaldTrump
No you own him, keep him.
what an embarrassment you are. Definitely not my president.
and Hilary is no ones President. Maybe she can run for President if her prison. LOL
It's like the poorly educated can't help themselves. Every comment they make proves their ignorance.
Trump won. Hillary lost. Get over it and stop crying. Need me to send a dog? Or some pizza.
you sure about that? He conned you simpleton sheeple. Sorry but it's true. You shouldnt have a problem with the recount, right?
I have no problem at all. Isn't going to change anything. Just shows how pathetic losers like you can't let go. Have fun.
I'd bet your panties would be twisted around your anus if Dump had lost (which he might anyway). You'd shriek.
Guess we will never know because he won so get over it.
.@realDonaldTrump you tell people to move on from the election, but you yourself are still fixated on it? Hypocrite.
so if that’s true, why is he questioning the legitimacy of the election that put him in power?
he didn’t win easily. He lost the popular vote. That’s not “winning easily”.
lol I'd like to see you try and won over California again (because you failed the first time)
want a little cheese with that whine
what a silly fool you are.
YOU STARTED THIS! "Election is rigged" remember? You cheated, you got caught. Now you're freaking out. We're on to you!
If you won EVERY vote in the 4 most populous states you'd still only have 40 mil. Try math. It helps.
Dont waste your mental  on their minutia  ...Thats what they want how did stein aquire 3 million dollars President Trump!
Kellyanne, someone needs a time out.  #presidenttweet
Against any other candidate, you would have lost in a landslide, Hillary was the only reason you won.
you never would have won #California not if you spent the whole election there @realDonaldTrump
It's only devilish people did not accepted this beautiful result. carry on
Hiliary should have won #harambe
you didn't win easily, Donald, is that why you're so scared of recount? #whysoscared
I DO NOT BELIEVE MITT WILL EVER B LOYAL 2 YOU & HE WILL THROW U UNDER THE BUS ANY CHANCE HE GETS = PLEZZZZ DROP HIM-:-))
.@realDonaldTrump Your inability to talk like a president has me seriously worried.  You carry grudges like a child and can't shut up.
u r smart, in primaries said play by rules, why now 4 president election r electoral votes a problem! It's the rules right?
focus on your cabinet. You won. Pick Mitt for SOS move on. Keep track of Obama's late deals and start reversing them. Day 1
13 Tweets about this recount so far. Somebody is scared. If there's no problem, why are you so worried? #TheResistance.
drink more kool aid, Most people can't stand u, Looks like u had help from Russia
Do us all a favor.Quit tweeting like a little girl who just lost her boyfriend.Be a man.Oh, that's right, u dont know how!
We will just have to see what the recount reveals. If there is a problem in all three states there will be litigation
or you saying don't matter. Just remember majority rules
or better yet, use the Ark razorback football field! it holds 30,000!
the states that dont "matter" is what we are brainwashed to remember its wrong every vote counts big or small
So you like the electoral college now?
CRYBABY. #FoolsFool.
Wow! The insults just continue, huh? Will you forget those "small states" during your presidency too? Wow!
delusional
that was her biggest mistake.
WRONG
we will see when the recount is over. The electoral college can stop you and should. UR a demagogue
 wrong.
you're a serial liar - your opinion is not a fact and worth less than most opinions for merely being opinionated
You won because of voter fraud. - you are going to be a terrible president. @GOP @GovPenceIN @SpeakerRyan #NotMyPresident
Trump you're such a big baby...how will you behave when you're really challenged--kick your feet on the floor
(smaller states are forgotten) This logic dates back to the support of slavery.   How Small Minded!
Please send positive tweets if you must tweet at all. All this tweeting is not helping anything

#NeverRomney #NeverFuckingRomney
You only visited 15 states?  Get a real job.

I only come on your twiitter for the news, weather and sports.  i loved hearing that Fidel Castro died from you.
can't wait for you to f-up and they nail your ass to the wall!
Jesus Christ, you're like a big baby.
The losers twist the narrative to support their view. Electoral college for a reason.
U Did Mr.Trump u won the (s)election. There's nothing left 2 prove.Spend more time uplifting the nation less time bragging
talk about Israel and the fires not the #fakenews recount. Tweet about something that matters. #tcot #ccot
No Mitt Romney, you said you were for the American people, then listen to us. He is a snake  in the grass.
Clintons financing  Green Party recount in three states. Reps need to ask recounts in California, Virginia, NY and NH
Somehow you have forgotten that you lost the popular vote
Puttin Jr. get to work
end of the day you still won.  Be the bigger person and let's make America great again
@Marble300 see you are correct smaller states would be forgotten. We are a Republic not a Democracy.
It's the two coasts total Dems.The rest of the country is and has been RED.So pissed I live in CA after 31 years in AZ.(:
.@realDonaldTrump 
It REALLY, REALLY bothers you, huh? 2M+ votes for HRC, baby! 
#reallysmallhands #trump #lies #loser #orange #chins
asked u earlier which branch of military do u want your son to serve
Every state should have the same amount of electoral votes so they will all be treated equal .California has too much power
then fix it. Make a movement to change it to a popular vote so smaller states are never forgotten.
I have a feeling he wont read that.
not that he'd give a shit anyway 
You could probably win Uranus too.  Why not go there? #notmypresident #notmycheeto
can you go back to reality TV? At least your fiction belongs there.
http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2016/nov/18/blog-posting/no-3-million-undocumented-immigrants-did-not-vote-/ …
it's ok we can count those votes together. make a #fun night of it. i will do a count and u hide all the non-white votes.
Yeah, yeah.  If you say so.
forgotten like people who aren't millionaires? Like the general public?
Occupy Trump Tower.  Wat do it mean
Hailey Idaho didn't forget 
oh shut up

hey smart guy make statement to the press. They have these things called press conferences for a reason. Coward.
only you forget them, guess they're not people to you
.@realDonaldTrump 
Monday Presidential Vote Totals
Clinton: 64,663,083
Trump:  62,424,923
Clinton lead: 2,240,160
http://cookpolitical.com/story/10174 
Cant wait for True Reform Unaffordable Medical Plans (T.R.U.M.P act).
modernize your ideology and hairdo.
If you would've won more votes...the pop vote would be closer ... & every small state would matter (even RI,SC,ND,SD etc)
I believe that
stop being defensive. It's unbecoming. You have more important issues.
Washington DC, which is not a state, has no congressmen or senators, gets 3 electoral votes - for HRC - rigged system
do you even speak english
fuck yourself
Both Romney and Petraeus cannot be trusted.  Romney mocked you and Petraeus gave classified info to his girl friend. Dumb!
You won fair and square according to the rules. You are the minority president.
Give me a break. You have an ego that is silly and sad.

now what will be ur plans for next election??

that is why we've got the electoral college!  U got over 95% of the Counties across the entire USA!
Not very convincing, is it? Must hurt.
Good lord. I would call you delusional but I am not sure you understand 4 syllable words!
and why not give Pam Gellar a position. Someone who knows more about Jihad than anyone!

you're an idiot!
shut the front door. Action show me I don't want to hear you just do no talk.
Tax returns. We're waiting!'
You seriously need to get a grip and start acting Presidential, if it's possible. What if those 3 million votes 4 you?
shut up
Stop Twetting. You are annoying your voters!
