We’re all born to love people and use things.  Your sociopathy lives to love things and use people. #notmyprez #NeverTrump
if we're born to love then explain the constant attacks to Trump supporters
con-man/white trash.
wow ...you might be a racist...check this out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIaWTSaoZ0M …
Also, what race do you think I am? My kids, are part White. My ex husband is half white.
i dont know ..you seemed kinda racist against whites..but maybe i am wrong
Not true. I just post wake up stuff. I would hate myself. Multi racial.
No thanks. Hope you trip both up AND down those stage stairs.
Stay mad :)

is this sick or what?
I am so happy you were elected, I prayed for that and I still pray for you to be safe. I tank the Lord for Donald Trump.
Why do you want him to grab you by the pussy too??
Who photoshopped those tiny hands on this photo?  Good job, but its obvious
And what are you doing to reach out to Americans who did not vote for you i.e. the majority of voters? 

…crickets…
They were too stupid to vote for him, they will have to be shown, they will see
@KellyannePolls @FoxNews keeping busy so you don't have 2 release taxes? What RU hiding? A lot ??
love TRUMP
Free  https://www.donaldjtrump.com/schedule/ 
is this a joke? Your holding a rally? Have you passed a mental competency test? I think you're unhinged
stop lying Donny! Release your tax returns!
no need...... He's a billionaire.. Deal with it
Being a billionaire does not change the fact that he needs to produce his tax returns.
does the Constitution say he should??.....if not,stop crying about it...Hillary Lost
Tax returns can help determine potential COI's - ergo he should. They help the US public make informed decisions about him.
well did Hillary release hers??.....I guess the public made an informed decision about Nov. 8 election
Hillary released 33 years of tax returns. She got the popular vote and Trump has favourability rating of negative 13.
Check ur numbers again. He gained 26 points right after winning th election. Populr vote does not elect the pres
#freethe3 #Ali_AlNimr @Pontifex @KingSalman @BarackObama @realDonaldTrump @amnesty @CNN @ABC @nytimes @umbaqer2
please open all your future speeches to Facebook & Twitter like u did the campaign. Media networks monopoly now! Fat cats !
Do a great job, I'm a Democrat and I support you. Bring this country together....please.
I don't know about you but the Media has been doing this for countless years.
at this point he needs our prayers and support, what's the alternative?
Libs blv in difrnce of opinion until urs differs frm theres. Tn ur a racist
,if he isn't your president then move you  loser!
Be careful. Stay safe. Be ON GUARD! We can't WAIT to have you sworn-in & making monkeys out of all doubters & evil-doers!
stay out of Ohio please.
Congrats on saving 1000 AMERICAN jobs, Mr. President!
#MAGA
No thanks, Orange Julius Caesar.
yeah a "Julius Caesar" none the less.....all hail King Trump..
You won. No need for rallies Donnie. Just go on @youtube
You will be Minority President, Loser of Popular Vote If I lived closer I would be there to protest your visit.
Markets rallying on Trump's win

And her other brother called her evil, which she is.
Dynamite. Simply DYNAMITE!
MY dad step dad well be there with u he is one of ur ssa bodyguards treat him right
https://twitter.com/Dr_Scooter/status/766713409563832323 …
who's the support?
what about the environment? Forest fires and flooding are expensive..plus people suffer & die...nature is terror you ignore
Is this where you unveil your tax returns and more information on your nine-figure debt? Plz liquidate your businesses.
there was a man in Germany that loved big crowds and getting them hyped over politics but I can't think of his name
He was awesome!
If you could pilot your helicopter solo you'd make a more perfect villain.
And make it blowup....with him/pence in it,that would be poetic Justice!!!!
ID like to see U when that happens,Punked by Trump!!
I was nicely sleeping thank u very much!!!
Let's talk about how you want to kill the sick, poor, and old by killing the ACA, Medicare, Medicaid, & Social Security
CORPORATE BLACKS SUPPORT PRES-ELECT TRUMP
you lost popular vote, thank you for what?
I'm going to be near there. Let me know when you want to discuss sexual assault in our military. #NotInvisible
Thanks Mr President-elect. May God bless, keep you and give you wisdom to make America great again
You understand that you are an employee now, right? You are not a king. You are a servant. Act like it
a whole tour just to say thanks? Won't a tweet do?
I voted for you because you make me feel like I can believe in this country once again and I thank you my President
Bring your #NeverRomney the Cuck signs!
Rachel @Maddow, dumbest Liberal on TV! Has been wrong for 18mos. How does she keep her job? #MAGA
she makes my skin crawl!
great Tour!! 
please don't come to Ohio.  Don't you think we've got it hard enough?
This is a fake news.
never Romney remember the snake story you told us
Have you seen the rest of his appointments you got played. The sooner you see this the better.
no way Trump is the real deal ♡
I'm sure the people who attended Trump U felt the same way. U got off cheap all he conned u out of was your vote.
Trump awesome,  he's not even fully sworn in yet and he's working his ass off, and he's not taking a salary
He is also getting foreign officials to stay at Trump tower and charging the secret service rent to protect him.
please remember all of our support when choosing your SoS. And why we supported the you, the outsider!
your kidding a thank you tour you are not a star or rock star you were on reality tv and that was far from reality...
You settled a Trump University lawsuit for fraud for $25,000,000 rather than appear in court to face the charges.
Your Nat Sec Advisor installed an illegal internet connection in the Pentagon that would allow classified info to be hacked
Source on this?
don't think he was inviting you....you probably don't have attitude to be invited
and you certainly weren't invited, King Otay of Coonville.
how would you know princess?
It's Goddess, and I read your page.  Otay?  Otay!
o you're a "Goddess"....wow...I guess of dumbass land

love this pic!!  best one yet
Nah! I'll be at work.
well as an African American what else you wanna be doing??.... Lol
Why are the lefties haunting our Trump tweets. Hillary  is crying for you, crying for her. Cupcakes.
even if I lived in the usa I'd rather stick pins in my eyes thanks
Not a thank you tour! It's a feed-your-ego tour! Love those screaming adoring racists & low info fans you've conned! LOL
the Fatman commeth
you have no frame of reference here, Donnie. You're like a child who wanders into the middle of a movie and wants to know..
Comma after Ohio.

thank you tour is just another way to kiss your highness hand. You miss all the highs, wait til you begin president work
@DiamondandSilk I hope you come to Florida! I want my granddaughter to see the 45th POTUS! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Hey, President-Elect...if you don't have time for security briefings maybe quit tweeting and stoking your ego.
ARE YOU F'ING KIDDING ME. HE CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT THE CONSTANT ADULATION. NARCISSIST!!!
@NancyKathleen My dad is going tonight!
Trump rally tonight, calling the press "very dishonest people". I love it!!! #GoTrump!
The USA is not a concert venue BOZO
You know Cincinnati/Hamilton County went blue, right?
@TheSun @HillaryClinton @BorisJohnson @MayorofLondon @theresa_may  #trump @metpoliceuk
you better save Medicare and SS., as you said while campaigning.
"MEGA CHURCHES" HOLDS OVER 10,000 PEOPLE BUT SIT EMPTY AT NIGHT, POVERTY CAN BE ERASED IF CHURCHES HAD HOMELESS SHELTERS7 – at Paisley Park Studios
sir i your freand i was pray you in election sir you is my hero
.@realDonaldTrump @RSBNetwork will be filming event.
You can skip MSM haters
Stroking your own ego Donald?  sad.
We are totally Screwed!
just curious who paid for this :-) refugees college?

have a Merry Christmas  and prosperous New Year! Lets bring Christ back for Christmas 
#RECOUNT2016
You don't have support-you lost the popular vote by MILLIONS & counting.
.  GUESS WHAT DAY IT IS?
Will be watching LIVE on #RSBN
Thanks for saving jobs .all middle class love you. Thank president elect Trump
#ThankYou!
Looking forward to the details on what was offered to have the factory stay in Indiana.

Don't forget to go to the Dakotas
Really? A curtain call?? Get to work this is not a TV show!
Excited to hear Bolton is coming to see you. HE knows the swamp & has experience!Waiting for C.Lopez,Allen West,Arpaio
YOU HAVE PROVED UR ENEMIES CORRECT& THIS SO CALLED APPRECIATION TOUR IS A SMOKE-SCGREEN>BC ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS!
Thought I had U figured right on this one Don... Ur the best... Stick with THE PEOPLE. WE'RE WITH YOU!
Got My Tickets YestetdayWelcome Back!! #Cincinnati The Victory Tour will be just as EPIC as Yr Rally was #MAGA has begun
How much for the tickets? I have a previous duty. Going to watch some paint dry.
just lost my job. Mr. trump, do you have an open position for a creative director with Washington DC experience?
Pelosi re elected PROVES Hillary is Blackmailing those she has the stolen files on...beware-until she isnprosecuted she wil
SOMEHOW HAVING SCREAMING  DIARRHEA SOUNDS BETTER !!!
Great job & you're not even officially President yet!
time as I am an immigrant. I voted you unlike many new immigrants like me because you represented main street America 2/n
@sharihope1 Never seen a winning Pres go back and thank the people! I love our next POTUS!
I'd rather pick up dog shit
Yeah... ok.. but how much money do you owe China?
#recount2016 #AuditTheVote #notmypresident #grabyourwallets #TrumpFraud #StillWithHer

Well Said President Obama

.
seriously he is the worst. He screwed all of AMERICA with Obama care. He got border agents killed.
Who's paying for this Donnie???

LEVEL WITH THE PEEP MR. TRUMP-- IF YOU TRULY APPRECIATED THE MILLIONS IF SUPPORTERS WHO HAD YOUR BACK FR DAY ONE, WHY MUTT?
Thank you tour? WTF? OMG, what did u people do? This fool thinks he's the winner of The Apprentice
please come to Youngstown or Cleveland if you can. Thank you for the sacrifice & job you're already doing. Working hard4us!
show me your greatful by sticking to what you said in the last debate don't let us down
After losing the popular vote, your ego needs stroking. How much is this going to cost the tax payers?
THANK YOU,MR.PRESIDENT ELECT TRUMP!!
enjoy your trip sir
Donald..I want to thank you the Real Americans who voted for me me me!!!
the At a Boy Tour, conw watch me stroke myself on stage
Please visit Yuma!! Ok, Prescott Valley to small for you! Yuma nice and warm!
Thank You President Trump the country finally has a Great leader and will be a Modern founding father. Protect and Serve
are you going to get revenge for harambe while you're there
do you have any plans on helping Gatlinburg TN recover from the forest fires?
Thank you tour? Don't you have more important things to be doing right now than seeking applause?
Sholdnt you be working?
Stop campaigning and get your ass to work. #notmypresident
Why restrict access Let us ALL in!!!!
How much are the tickets.

#ReallyAmerica who needs a victory lap ? Perhaps we'll learn about this carrier deal and can other companies w/out mega 1/
VICTORY RALLY in Indiana! All Hail to the Victors!

I am Greatful for you Mr. President-Elect Trump
You're a Narcissist that needs his ego stroked, hence the new rallies and the tour ... How is that helping ur Presidency?
Wish I could be there.
why you didn't win the popular vote HRC did.
Dont thank me, I didnt vote for you.  I saw you for the fraud/clown that you are #NOTMYPRESIDENT

While BO whines, #Trump talks directly to the People, creates jobs, rallies the market & has World Leaders talking deals!
he hasn't created any jobs
you win because this election year was so fuckin rigged
ummm hell no
@michelleaukamp Refreshing, w/Trump we have a Pres who will stay connected with the ppl any way possible! Closet Gov gone!
Will you release your tax returns then?
praying
if your grateful for my vote.. thank me by Decriminalizing Medical Cannabis
@cskelton14
Thank you for being you. Thank you for alk you are doing and will do for all of America. NO TO CNN
Failing President Elect, @realDonaldTrump takes "victory tour" of states in the 1/2 of America he likes. A loser in pop vote by millions.
Hillary Clinton's national popular vote lead just surpassed 2.5 million (1.9%): http://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d …
I've been waiting for you since 1964!
*Ahem*
You always seem to have plenty of time when it comes to feeding your ego, though.
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
And I hope if there are peaceful protesters there- that you will honor their free speech rights in the same way Obama has.
Is that when you are going to announce that it was all a joke and then fly off to Mars?
Donald they're going to put your face on Mount Rushmore I know in my heart that you will not let the American people down
all heil the Commander-In-Tweet!
Hamilton County #Ohio my family were 1st settlers there(Indian Hill, Madisonville, Cincinnati) Very white affluent county!
Hello! I will watch your page, after you writes a comments here  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7e0LNCiaLHc …
Going in person to deliver the payoff Couldn't get any of your lackeys to handle something as easy as this no job for ceo
The fact that if Obama ever did this, right wing hypocrites would want a safe space and say this is unfair.
#MrMinority
me too,
