
BIRTHER!
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/wired-success/201407/anti-intellectualism-and-the-dumbing-down-america …
I was glad to see the Self Control/Professional side of U, U as a Professional, Hillary can't unnerve U at the Debate
but he is a loser....
you have zero ideas
Isis is literally cheering for you to win they are not afraid of you. You're a joke
Hillarys' days are over. Trump will be our next President.
Just Read the Law: Hillary is Disqualified from Holding Any Federal Office http://endingthefed.com/just-read-the-law-hillary-is-disqualified-from-holding-any-federal-office.html#.WApk7HTi3t0.twitter …
I agree that's why I'm writing in Evan McMullin! PS, you are a Jerk
Dude, U are scary. Why are U always holding a solo cup in your hand, & what are U drinking? Feel like I'm gonna  U on the news.
and you don't have any ideas. Creep
Syrian rebels are actually Isis who BHO&HRC have sent weapons thru BENGHAZI then Turkey now say want to do more
a lot of people are saying you lost the debate..
what does this... even mean... shes been fighting isis? and now she has more ideas? tht... sounds good...
time to reveal your secret plan! Unless the generals have a better one,  or they like part of yours,  ha ha.
You're not the change we need. You are an embarrassment.
YOU WILL NOT BE THE CHANGE. YOU ARE MENTALLY UNFIT TO HELP ANYONE but yourself

VOTERS BEWARE talk is cheap HE is DANGEROUS
And you can add @DonaldJTrumpJr  insane comments comparing candy to starving and persecuted Syrians

TRUMP Sr&Jr =ignorance
send her to Iraq alone
Hillary & Obama armed ISIS! Now they want to import more jihadists into U.S.! We cannot allow this anymore!
destroy Crooked Hillary shes a terrorist harvesting criminal! save  pls
she has new ideas... It's time for a change... Perfect, I'll vote for her!  :/
What are YOUR ideas?
Not Fighting ISIS but being Supportive of it's birth, growth & fight in order 2 topple an elected government in Syria
True.
who cares!!! I'm more concerned about her e-mails #CrookedHillary
Because you're a dolt.
I'm not an American. But this election is the world's problem. He's a baseball player yeah?
I'm on your side dude. I was calling @deb7777s a dolt.
The change America needs is a Trump President & a Pence VP #14painting
she can keep her ideas,pack them up and take them back to Arkansas. Problem is,Arkansas doesn't want Clinton's back. CROOKS
well... Most of their upper leadership dead, territory shrunk by 80%. How is this not working? Seems as if isil is dying
idiot
Did your parents ever tell you bullying is wrong?  Always name calling like a 3rd grader. Release your taxes, scared?
The POTUS is a serious job requires a grown up not a toddler in a senior citizens body WHAT NEW PLAN DO YOU HAVE
The only thing she has been fighting is deleted emails

Vote for Mr. Trump if you want change!
#AmericaFirst 
@realDonaldTrump
Aren't you embarrassed to have sired Donald SKITTLES Jr.?
@HillaryClinton has absolutely no ideas
Where are your Tax returns what are hiding maybe you deleted them huh.. You pay no taxes you give no charity
yea ummm well actually he is not she still averages 3 points ahead . that will be even higher after debates
She is goign to smash him this is where he will be EXPOSED
please we wear heels the help is graciously accepted.
Mr. Trump, what are you hiding in your tax returns?
BAN ISLAM
your vote failed 
look at london, look wats happening islam is eating London alive wat can you say?
Lets just hope this is photoshop ;p
nope said the mayor of london which is a muslim
Nah this cannot be real, how will this plan ever pass all the other-
London ain't like it is in your movies bless 
2/2 you are protecting your investments in Russia and countries of our adversaries. U r a joke for a leader
ITS TIME FOR THE TAX RETURNS TRUMP
HRC not fighting Isis, arming them! Russia now sending arms etc for Assad, so we are fighting Russia!
By definition, "new ideas" are a change. Idiot.

yes. 100% do you want this? https://medium.com/@aaronloeb/on-your-way-to-the-camps-i-just-want-you-to-know-92a6dbf7c0ac#.e59raahvu …
@Medium
hahaha
carries a little weight to be seen with the president of the U.S. YOU WOULD DO THE SAME!
don't know about fighting Isis but def attacking bills victims.
you truly are ass
SHE WAS REPRESENTING OUR COUNTRY, BROKERING PEACE DEALS. YOU...SCREWING EVERYONE. LETS SEE THE TAX RETURNS. PAY PPL YOU OWE
is #captainobvious - Syria is a mess but he doesn't say what he would do, send troops in or what? #Wordsdontcount
Trump Jr's Skittle 
THAT'S THE BEST OUTCOME... HERE IS WHAT WE ARE ALLOWING IN SYRIA . ALL DEAD...
YOUR GENIUS
Talentless @patrici59152026 supports Putin's Stooge Trump. Who said Hillary's best SoS ever AFTER Benghazi. BAD! https://vine.co/v/iDYrAq9EY2J 
lol it's pathetic how hard u r trying to make up lies about Hillary 
.@realDonaldTrump And what have you done to combat ISIS? Besides running your mouth, I mean.
that was dumb
Trump's worst nightmare , one on one with a strong and very smart woman. No help no teleprompter and no way out .
Is it really about debating, or the real person who can run this country? Cause debating is a good act by a pro.
i heard Bush 1 is voting for Hillary...
Exactly. Establishment types stand together and against the people.
You have no real plan when compared side by side on CNN your no plan is a joke.. Steady and continued fight Im withher!
Yes lets waste our vote on someone that has no chance in hell of getting elected no thanks. #NeverTrump
yea let me guess you think her getting about 3% of the vote now will equate to over 50% by Nov 8th..lmao
Access to power? He has no reason to run for president other than to fix the mess we r in.
#NeverHillary #Maga
If YOU want to die and your children to die in nuclear war started by narcissistic bully vote TRUMP

PLEASE  MUST WATCH THIS VIDEO  

OBAMA  #HillaryClinton is the biggest fraud in politics. 
 
@Manni_syd   Watch ALL the videos of Trump ... That is "nuclear"... Forgot to mention ISIS is proTrump
oh lord you need to see a psychiatrist immediately
what's your plan?
let Putin take care of it. or whatever he tells her to do, really.

Creepy @DrJillStein video from Moscow gushing over Russian human rights support, dinner w/ #Putin, RT's b'day party: 
America loves you Donald!!!
you're very naive. @shawgerald4 @realDonaldTrump
Jill isn't going to bring about a utopia.  She doesn't have the needed support either.
sure thing! https://www.thenation.com/article/what-everyone-gets-wrong-about-independent-voters/ … @shawgerald4 @realDonaldTrump
she's DONE NOTHING and will continue flappin her gums and filling her pockets!! GREEDY and STUPID!! FAILING IDEAS
Janet, you believe Hillary has "done nothing?" Her distinguished career disagrees with you.

#NeverTrump EVER! #ImWithHer
distinguished????? PlZ tell me 3 things SHES  done to better our country not just her greedy self!!
Hillary secured $21Billion for 9/11 recovery, got healthcare 4 8Million children, & saved youth from being imprisoned w/adults
 that's 30 years worth of accomplishments? Most importantly (TO HER) she secured her Foundation and Savings ACCTS!!! SHAMEFUL
@HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump next POTUS?
.@realDonaldTrump  Hillary Clinton is much harder on Trump supporters then terrorists
"than" not "then" 

except the police state is what will happen if Hitler Trump is elected
FYI
Where's ur outrage with the Republicans?

All these countries are friends of the US and some are allies. U are a hypocrite!

According to Trump, u are one of the many Mexican rapists & criminals that enters the US.
she has new ideas. You have no ideas.
New ideas are better than secret, no ideas.
we Indian pray Americans vote to Trump to finish http://Terrorism.Republican  always with Pak,Pak have Terrorist training camps
U KNOW U have NO Security Plan & Waiting too see what UR told then U will take credit like U do everything ELSE
just move to Russia you trader
#Trump is our only hope.   Hillary would be an absolute disaster
our corrupt government created isis and al qaeda and then sends our precious soldiers to fight against them. Despicable
You mean enabling ISIS? Facilitating ISIS?
she won't do a dam thing, Donald. She would be a 3rd term of Obama. We'd be doomed
Bush created Isis, Reagan created Bin Laden, Eisenhower lit the fuse in Iran in 1953...all over US Oil company profits.
@cnn Hey Drumpf, Hillary has ideas, what do you have but loud empty words, and alot of informercial BS. The savior, only I
ISIS SHOULD HAVE BEEN DEALT WITH YEARS AGO..WORST SECRETARY OF STATE EVER!!! (EXCEPT FOR KERRY)
@DeptofDefense We need a ground assault on #Raqqa. Cut the head off the snake, mop up the rest of the worms one by one.
at least she has ideas. You have nothing new to contribute, Trump!  #ImWithHer
No we don't need you screwing things up getting us into a world  war you can't fight and getting kids killed.
we don't need a president like you...
Very True  isis has to go & folks of USA agree! TrumpPOTUS2016

you compared skittles to humans. How dare you. HOW DARE YOU!!!
The ONLY things this CROOK fights is being able to EVER speak the truth.She chokes/coughs on her lies when she opens mouth.
Giving criminal deportees citizenship happened once before in the Clinton administration!Sure!She needs more voters!
But you made the New York's assault
Yes, you need to throw in the towel and admit what a fraud you are!
#YouWillLose
@theblacks4Trump SHE NEEDS 2 BE TRIED 4 #TREASON
why call her names? Just say Hillary , no need for silly namecalling "crooked" etc , people will still know who you mean
but not a change for the worse. You're not a good change candidate. Dumbest narrative ever
CNN twists your words. You never said "racial" profiling. On this one, Cruz was right, need to oversee the Mosques.
what will you do? build hotels? sell meat?
yes there will be a change Obama will be replaced by Hillary Clinton so sorry trump
YEA, CHANGE AS IN MAKE HER PREZ, INSTEAD OF U, LYIN RACIST HYPOCRITE #nevertrump SHOW INCOME TAXES
If only she had been on a fake reality show and running business into bankruptcy like a real man(child)
LOL. You have never done shit. You have no qualifications and dont have a clue about isis
most of the world can't stand you including your wife & own party, DROP OUT LOSER! @GOP @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats
Dizzy Hillary now copying your extreme vetting quote. She will keep repeating until she thinks she originated it.
you have committed tax fraud . bye bye
#ManyPeopleAreSaying your ideas are old @realDonaldTrump. Like 1930's 40's Germany old... No wonder they call you #CinnamonHitler

@KatrinaPierson how about those tax reports?! You calling someone crooked and you use "OPM" for your own lawsuits

. Not the type if change we have in Nigeria I guess?
she was 2 busy using power of govt to enrich herself !
Please release your mental health records. Be transparent. U have been hiding ur mental illness health records for decades.
Donald Trump first nominee of any political party to be arrested and indicated before a presidential election. What a guy!
Hillary's "new ideas" are pale copies of Trump's ideas.
Terrorist policy @realDonaldTrump is phony,farce:Wall & extr. vetting? Profiling illegal-USA citizens commit far more crimes than immigrants
#ObamaClintonLegacy  #ForeignPolicyFail
The Founder of ISIS
At least @HillaryClinton has ideas (I _D _YA _ Z) Funny you don't have any? You have lots about Muslims, Blacks & Hispanics
How can you tell the ISIS attacks are Fake? CNN has all the coverage & suspects within an hour! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbqXG3SQX-g …
I agree that we need @HillaryClinton 's new ideas. Thanks for endorsing her! #ClintonKaine #Hillary2016

whatever happened to 3 strikes and your out???
what are your ideas for combatting ISIS? Oh right, it's a huge plan, a beautiful plan, the best plan... that only you know.
Look at you s sociopath and no one can change you. You will destroy the USA and they cant stop you!
those aren't new ideas. They are the same lies and false promises.
we need a change. And I don't mean Hillary she's will wreck the country more than Obama has
she's had he chance, she failed. #Trumpalwaysright
The answer to all things. He will tell tou Hillary broke your plumbing and only HE can fix it. You're the best Liar Trump!
her new ideas are the ones she heard from trump

What's your idea about how to fight Isis? Bet you don't have one.
what change would you implement besides building a wall in Mexico. Let's get real. No one is ready for a female president.
I'm downright giddy to watch the debates! Please annihilate her. Please! I'm baking cupcakes for the occasion!
HRC has NEVER any new ideas
ONLY ones SHE'S been TOLD to HAVE
DONNER'S & SPECIAL INTEREST OWN HER
Always have,always will..
yeah SHEs been fighting ISIS - while YOUVE been fighting POTUS. it IS time for a change - lets THROW YOU OUT
you have lived in our country all your life if you felt this way you should of done sooner. Be a man
you said she was a great Secretary of State....yes, YOU said that. 2 faced weasel. #eataskittle
change? You mean your crooked ways? http://www.politico.com/story/2016/09/donald-trump-business-campaign-trail-228500 … RT
you really dont know how to be an adult and not call names, huh? I guess thats what spoiled kids do
Ted Cruz was mimicking @realDonaldTrump's policies at the end of his run, just like Hillary is doing now. U say it & she will repeat it.
if ISIS is so afraid of you then why are they doing everything in their power to get you elected? #NeverTrump
u r such a liar!! Let's see your taxes
Trump is right. Time to change the republican candidate
She wasn't in office during the uprising of ISIS. She is a lot of things but that comments is not true.
whatever comes out of your mouth is hypocrisy
u will  be great tomight .   Remember to stay calm, have fun  & know that many Americans LOOOOVE  u!     Let her get angry!
because of her incomp with Obama .....middle east is a mess!
We all Loooove u!  Go get her!!!
serious ? 4 u. Instead of EVERY tweet being a put down or an insult on Hilary, how about a positive messages with details.
as in "radical new ideas" ???
DONALD( THIN SKIN) TRUMP DONT KNOW WHAT HE STANDS FOR! WE MUST NOT LET THIS (SO CALLED) MAN IN THE HIGHEST OFFICE ! GO VOTE
You scare the hell out of everybody. Not nuanced at all.
TRICK NO GOOD!   HANG IT UP HLLARY IT'S TIME FOR THE MASTER BUSINESS MAN THE CHAMPION THE REAL DEAL THE TRUTH! TO STEP IN!
Yeah, you're not crooked for using your foundation funds for yourself?
How about Clinton Foundation using that money for the vets???
hillary &obama created this terrorist problem and paying cash to Iran to fund these terroist.WITH AMERICAN'S MONEY.
Leader of the Deplorables Helps Little Girl With Bone Disease 
Video https://youtu.be/6bY_QmA9Vu4 
I'm confused dumbass, how the hell can she be fighting ISIS last 4 years. Again what HITLER would say, he had small hands
if she becomes President.... I'll move to Cuba and be Casto's houseboy!!
I thought she founded ISIS? She's fighting her own group? Sounds like you and GOP
and we need that change right now!
Not your change, buddy.
Yes, you're right, let's go w the "secret plan" of yours over some concrete ideas. #DopeyDonald
NEW IDEA - show your tax returns you fraud. Word is you've never ever paid any #Hillary2016  http://prospect.org/article/trumps-riches-and-real-estate-tax-racket …
She has no new ideas. She is living in past. Big loser. O is term limited. H is feeble. V Change MAGA
SIR Change the rules of engagement and turn the warriors loose.
You mean "fighting" Isis? by gun-running to them?
Yes, and the change is your face off televisions all over the country 7 days a week.  Loser.
and you been busy spending people's donations to the Trump Foundation on yourself. She may be crooked but you are dirty!

I know Hillary  ideas makes more sense than yours
seriously!
She's napping...
Pinocchio tiny hands orangina - you are the biggest CROOK. Release your taxes. Return the charity money!
Trying to capitalize on terrorism. You are a #pathetic #sleazeball. #Embarrassment to the USA. Delete your account.
Time for TRUMP to CHANGE his DIAPER. #PoopyPants
and you ain't it
great point! If she has a plan, why hasn't she (or Obama) done it already?? #veteransforTrump 
She parrots your ideas to try to get votes but won't follow through. Next she'll say she wants to build the wall #hilLIARy
.@realDonaldTrump the change will not be with YOU. Cheating Donald show us your tax returns
your losing
dt, it's not working out 4u. Loosing in polls again when u lie. voices in ur head = lower polls, looser. #DJTbatcrapcrazy
What does that word sausage even mean?
deplorable peep you must go back to Jupiter
@ Hillary has horrible record. You can't trust her she is evil and corrupt and lies. We must have Trump to save America.
The Clinton dynasty has to go AWAY!
