thinks Presidents can change the Constitution?! #TrumpTrain #TrumpPence2016 #Trump2016 #P2 #TCOT
really, then same sex marriage is not legal in all 50 states? how did that work??
there was no Amendment  defining marriage....
is gay marriage now legal?? Doesnt have to change the constitution to become law fair & balanced?
Nothing in the US Constitution defined marriage in any way at all. Do you not get that point?
@HillaryClinton you dont have to change the constitution to change law ask @BarackObama he's tried
reasonable restrictions, as long as THEY are Constitutional can be made
who gets to determine  what's reasonable and constitutional = Justices matter
Removing access to ASSAULT WEAPONS doesn't abolish 2nd amendment rights!  Far from it!
explain what is an "assault" weapon, what U hope to solve by banning weapons of this description.
Def:  various automatic or semiautomatic firearms used to rapidly fire ammunition to cause numerous casualties.
"various"? By your definition every firearm other than a single shot weapon would be banned.
I think most sensible people are able to discern the difference between a weapon for protection and a weapon for mass casualty.
An AR is no more deadly than a .40 inside 50 yds & probably less so. U want to ban .40 handguns too. What caliber is acceptable?
I'm not debating the potential deadliness of ANY weapon fired at ONE person.  Assault weapons make mass killing possible.
no more so than any handgun. Try again. Fact is in San Bernardino handguns would have been far more practical.
@beausjo @realDonaldTrump well, raping a 13 yr old is a child molester.

so how does HRC take your 2nd amendment rights away? What law Don the con? Constitution guarantees 2nd amendment not pres
1st off she has stated Heller was wrong & she would do everything to reverse it.
so how does a president do away with the 2nd amendment ?
U can gut it w/o doing away w/ it. Orders ATF 2 reclassify ammo ingredients. 

http://www.ammoland.com/2016/08/atf-reclassifies-wetted-nitrocellulose-as-explosive-materials- …
under-federal-laws/
has she said on the record not TRUMP many people are saying she wants to take your guns away? Specifics please
and the list goes on
oh so weapons of war constitute a repel of the 2nd amendment
U asked if she has said she wants to "take your guns away" and she clearly has said such over and over.
you are a dangerous man. Very scary indeed.
donald trump is lit af
yip you're deplorable
Yip, you're another reason

Thanks for sharing!

you must not like the smell of money and success, you low energy loser.
money and success smell like ass?  Who knew.
I'd expect nothing less coming from the left. Broke, jealous, anti capitalist life losers. Sad!
run #donthecon run..sleezy Skeezy lil hands loser
BS!! do u know how many women bill raped and Hillary paid them off??
HAHA so you guys want guns? Then vote Trotsky 1937
Obama Privately Campaigning to Take Over as Secretary-General of United Nations https://shar.es/1xXP0V  via @gatewaypundit
We know all you meant was give up guns ? You first Hillary . Right ?
Trump said he does not want KKK endorsement . KKK has always been Democrat . Hillary still trying to buy her way out .
YOU ARE A LIAR. READ her policy. TIGHTER CONTROLS.COMMON SENSE. WE KEEP OUR GUNS.SCARE TACTICS WON'T WORK. #nevertrump
Read the Constitution. Get it back from Vlad.
Trump troll. You're taking It above 50%. Have fun landing in that orange coward's lemming cliff. @HillaryClinton
suprised she doesn't deny they even carry guns ...
No she doesn't.
Please!!! Do a number on the Iran deal.... break it down and mention the ransoms too....
What U offer is FAR worse #OrangeDouche. Only the bigoted,uninformed & willfully ignorant follow U
She's above the law /can do anything & we get nothing.. Americans stay crippled & cops carry tasers she's mental unstable
Donald Trump if you want Hillary to lose then pressure the debate commission to let Gary Johnson debate. #letgarydebate

Orange dildo, how many times will you repeat this lie? trump did all that hair dye fry your brain?
Hiding his baldness is a metaphor for everything he does. Everything about this man is fraudulent #DeceptiveDon #nhpolitics
You're right. He's an idiot. But worse......he's a dangerous one.
did @KellyannePolls quit? She's the only thing holding this circus show together and you keep ing on your own message!
: are you appealing to the terrorists, domestic abusers, and violent offenders? #checkthefacts
 @realDonaldTrump is incorrect AGAIN.  Hillary Clinton does not want to abolish the 2nd Amendment. Proof in link.
again I ask Trump followers: "why is it okay with you that he lies constantly"? why? why?

Just admitted he is illiterate and can't read! (or he's just lying again) https://www.hillaryclinton.com/issues/gun-violence-prevention/ … I'll go for lying again!
Hillary said the SCOTUS ruling on Heller was wrong & must be overturned! Overturning would nullify the 2A. Same as repealing
Is there anyone who does not agree with you who is not a disaster , loser or weak ? Where is your diplomacy dude ?
The more the evidence points to POTUS,  the more he lashes out, distracts and lies.
NO GUN CONTROL!

WE THE PEOPLE!

WE THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!
- out of curiosity, which deplorable are you?  Just so we know what we're dealing with.
I'm 1 of millions of deplorable patriots who'll stand-up for our country &individual freedom &Constitution
-Not my question- are u a sexist, racist, homophobic, etc.? U can't be a deplorable if ur not one of those.
Well, now I know you're prejudice.
- no not at all- you called yourself deplorable.  I simply asked you which one you consider yourself to be.
Watch out, in addition to being prejudiced, your stereotyping...
- no, still just a simple question.
get some sleep Donnie- you have a long day of lying and hating ahead of you.

he wasn't healthy enough to serve our GREAT nation then,but now the fat pig would b healthiest president ever?
Tray,Tray. Why you so mad gurl? I see your posts, all negative and angry. Noticed most libs are
because Donald must be stopped. We must protect the greatest nation on earth!!!
Why?
Another lie, where are the
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
#CROOKEDDON?
- the only thing I would add is #neverevertrump- love ur tweet!
sticks out eh ? Sadly it seems you have to punch it into them.
Another Hillary supporter promoting violence and punching people. Sad.
@ -double negative- so ur saying contradicting will work in election? What does that mean?
Hey Donald, it's me again. Just here to remind you that you may just be the only politician in this discussion to have ever suggested taking guns away.

Also, she's not the president you moron. That is, unless you've been talking you @seanhannity
please don't let her or Bill near one
Invent a bs scare - someone will take your guns away - to gin up your crazed minions. Dangerous, irresponsible & childish.
She said the SCOTUS ruling on Heller was wrong & must be overturned! Overturning would nullify the 2A. You lose your argument.
WRONG: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2016/06/06/hillary-clinton-on-guns-and-the-second-amendment/?utm_term=.b60559081a1d …
Hillary said the SCOTUS ruling on Heller was wrong & must be overturned! Overturning would nullify the 2A. Same as repealing
The Washington Post is an uber- Liberal rag that routinely writes false pieces in order to shield Democrats. This one of them!
everyone said obama was comming for our guns, guess what didn't happen
Are you saying they should be? Why would you say that?
Do you know what happens if you repeat untruths enough? They still don’t become true. https://www.hillaryclinton.com/issues/gun-violence-prevention/ …
And respectfully— DT flip flops so much I don’t know what he wants, or wants to do…I’m not a HRC fan, DT just seems to me like
One globalist to another.

NEW: Fox News Poll show strong support for stronger gun control 
She will probably try to outlaw toy guns.
How the Clinton Foundation Ripped Off Haiti https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlS4SimQfv8 … …
not true. Saved lives. Trumps businesses are all rip offs. I'm an AIDS activist. I know. Trump doesnt care
Then you know about the Clinton Fdn's AIDS/Hiv scam? + Canada scam, Haiti scam, money laundering?
Research is the name of my game.  It is you you are clueless and loaded with propaganda.
it is sad so many young people do not know what freedom is
@badger3030 maybe not? Lol.
in Obama's Book " Dreams ..." he SAYS he's from Kenya!!! Thats where it came from!'
I HAVE GUNS. I WANT YOUR TAX RETURNS HAVE YOUR DEPLORABLES THREATEN ME.
caller her by her name for once in your life. also when u go to a debate suddenly her name isnt "crooked hillary"? funny.
of course not. .. they are the biggest Hippocrates!
I just want Hillary to go away!!!! Preferably to Prison!!!
Bingo!
he's building a wall to keep you out
- Leslie- is she an immigrant that's not documented?  If not, what are you even talking about?
I not talking to her/him anymore. In true trump style it started to foul talk
ok- I must have misunderstood the thread- sorry.
Of course not! With her, it's do as I SAY, not do as I DO!
In battle, Hillary would stay behind and order you over the hill, while Trump would lead you over that hill.
trump would lead over the hill after missing the draft again and again. He is a coward
With the exception of Lincoln; ALL drafts were started by Democrat and ENDED by Republicans.
a) She has no plans to take anyone's 2A rights away, and you know it; b) What the hell is wrong with you?
She said the SCOTUS ruling on Heller was wrong & must be overturned! Overturning would nullify the 2A. You lose your argument.
-1/2 - fact check - she wants stricter gun control laws, back ground checks. Etc.  how do u jump from that to this?
 LIAR
He offers quite a bit:
why do you lie? Do you even know you do it? She, nor any other candidate has ever advocated for amending the 2nd amendment
HRC stated Heller was wrong & would do everything to overturn it. This means she agrees w/ Dissent - no right to self defense
again, she nor any other candidate has ever supported abolishing the 2nd amendment. Yours, and his statements are illogical
HRC/Dems know they can't repeal so they infringe. Ban gun sales basically means no 2nd. That is her aim.
so, you realize the falsehood of the original argument. Now, please don't repeat it. You, nor Mr. Trump
putting tape over U'r America's mouths doesn't repeal 1st but the difference is moot. Ditto for 2nd, can't arm then 2nd gone
Not true. You and Trump are allowed to spew half truths and lies. Without censorship. Where do you get these ideas!
it sucks when HRC says it herself isn't it?
That claim is as silly as the claim that @BarackObama wasn't born in America. Your supporters r ignorant trash.
I'll pray for you.
Pray for URself, or better yet take a civics class & actually learn the requirements 4 amending the constitution. The bar is high.
you're a special kind of stupid. So cute
Ratification requires 3/4 of state legislatures approval. Article V. No one is taking away 2nd amendment. Now go back 2 school!
HRC has stated Heller is wrong & will do everything to change it. Means she agrees w/ Dissent - no right to self defense.
Not going to happen. 2nd amendment and Article V won't allow. Stick to the economic argument. You'll get more traction.

Another lie, where are the
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
TAX RETURNS
#CROOKEDDON?
no she doesn't just another lie. The one thing your good at.
what about the 1st amendment
Wow, after a post like this, you have balls accusing the NY Times of lying.
looks like somebody has a small (really really tiny) pistol in his pocket
@CNN is playing twister with the English language. 
Is #cnn a news outlet or a "fifth column"?
@tutzerjd 
@kkalmes2 Deplorable #bigot #racist
should be investigated for inciting violence against Secty Clinton.
come out in favor of drug tests for all participants in Presidential debates
= #mostdangerousManInU.S.
QUACK
how many times are you going to threaten HRCs life? Why are you not in jail?
well Hilary has never said anything about taking 2nd amendment rights away but you have issued serious threats against 1st
prove where she said that moron
Shame on you for your lack of truthfulness. This is not a game show. This is the presidency that is at stake!
are you ever going to stop lying and being a childish bully? Just wondering..
all it will do is make as that much esier to take over. Cause you know the crooks won't give up there guns.
You keep repeating the same lies. Lets see your health records. Does it say Dementia? Is that why you repeat the same lies?
If I say something often enough --people will think its true, because American's are stupid.
The first sentence is a flat out lie and distortion, per usual.  Tell a lie over and over agin until it sticks.
and you want to give more home grown terrorists AK guns so they can kill more Americans?????
I hope a wookie finds you and takes your arms from you, Ferret Top.
dude! This is a blatant lie. Kinda like you're NOT a rapist. Lies! Delete your campaign.
If Hillary or her type what my guns they better take them barrel end first!
Another proven lie from a pathological liar.
@gatewaypundit
.@realDonaldTrump  
 #Trump UPHOLDS #2A #NRA Endorsed!
VS
#CrookedHillary WILLABOLISH 2Ahttp://www.nationalreview.com/article/435311/hillary-gun-rights-she-wants-abolish-second-amendment …
Why do you not understand that regulating gun ownership is completely different from banning gun ownership?
Thanks for making history. As the worst presidential nominee EVER! #DumpTrump
This is the greatest lie in politics. And even excessive gun control does not disarm law enforcement. Your tweet is bogus.
right on it
Another day of diarrhea of the mouth Drumpf.
it starts with one then others, she will form a national police force to do it
Doesn't it take 1 or 2 sessions of congress and at least 2/3s of the states before ANY amendment can be removed?
PLEASE, quit your lying!
Still waiting for Obama to take the guns away, you guys have been saying this since 2008. Gunmakers made a fortune suckers.
stop lying!
no she doesn't.....
most of your tweets about Hillary get off her dick damb
fred died from alzheimer's,as you know you will,hence the fake medical examination,You will not know who you are wonderful!
And Your Posse don't have Guns?  Really!  Or do they just Beat Up Old Ladies?????
Why do you feel the need to lie? Most of US, GOP & DEM want better background checks which is what Hillary is proposing.

hate crooked hillary #lyinghillary
hope it doesn't come to that, because it ain't goin happen
you rock
quit it stay focused on issues
NOT MY GUNS.WHATS OPINION ON STATES LEGALIZING MARIJUANA BUT THE FEDS KEPT IT SCHEDULED 1.BUT WANT TAX $$ FOR SALES
t
T
Yo that's some stupid stuff to say
You don't know how to tell the TRUTH! Stop the Con! This is like what you said about Obama. You incite Violence
Make America Great Again vote for Donald J Trump
You first...let's  allow your deplorable followers to open carry at your "massive" rallies...
when and where did @HillaryClinton say she wanted to take away 2nd amendment rights? Show your taxes if you have a pair!
Agree......take from her protection detail
Stop lying. You know she said she wants to take guns away from people who shouldn't have them. Loser.
Michelle Obama stated the need for change, vote for Hillary during her rally.  Why would she say that against her husband?
you are one to talk.
Trump Has 11 Security Firms Guarding Him
You want to take our nation and turn it into a #Deplorable mess. You lie, all the time. Millions know you lie. We're voting
You too have a heavily armed Secret Service. Let's take their weaponry away and watch #ChickenRunTrump #TooFatToFight
~  @HillaryClinton 's Wall = Armed FBI
The times Trump changed his positions on guns @CNNPolitics
Is A Coward @RealDLHughley @ReeveFoundation #DumpTrump
she knows is she hacks & jacks her way in the WH us deplorable won't sit on our hands.
Donald Trump - Speech at The Remembrance Project Luncheon 9/17/16 . . .
#Trump2016 
https://youtu.be/xmmvgZtY4b8  via @YouTube
Do you allow conceal and carry at your events? Prove you are for real and insist that your followers come packing. Sad!
When was that?
I believe the answer is NEVER.
If you disagree, please cite exact instances she said so.

Can't?  SAD.....
lies...more and more lies.
That's another of your lies. And no, the SS protecting her from angry nuts like you will not disarm.
of course that will happen. Right after guns are taken from law enforcement. DA
What are my 2nd Amendment rights?
that literally made zero sense
never once have I heard or seen a policy statement from HRC planning to take away 2nd amendment. Where's your proof?
so when does the world see the real trump? Tax fraudster, bankruptee,
Hillary's anti-gun stance is only one of hundreds of reasons NOT to vote for her! Her pro-Muslim, pro-illegals stances #2!
I hope people use their 2A right to stop you in Nov.
she doesnt want to change the 2nd amendment. She should, but she doesnt.
Not what she's said, liar.
you make me sick.
@HillaryClinton is Crooked Hillary when You are not on TV in the eye of millions @realDonaldTrump? Ur ignorant voters think u r being nice
real Americans are the 2nd amendment militia that our Constitution talks about. HRC will weaken our values
Open carry 2nd Amendment march in Inverness Florida. We are with you Trump!
Who wants to take guns?
what. The. Fuck.
@dknott409 OH YEA, URE FOLLOWERS ARE NON COLLEGE EDUCATED...& U R TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THEM & LAUGHING AT THEM WHILE U DO IT
No, because you told your supporters to shoot her
of course not, she doesn't know what she's talking about
LIE.  She wants common sense fun legislation like most of the rest of the US population. #fearmongering
Another trump lie but his moronic supporters don't care. Please move to Russia when you lose.
How can your @SecretService detail look their children and grandchildren in the face?
how is it you call @HillaryClinton crooked but you're the one bribing politicians for favors?

we need Term Limits to get some FRESH BLOOD in the Senate to STOP the erosion of our Rights!
Nope.. she doesn't. Keep making things up... Asshat.
Lets not forget the actions and corruption from Illary and sleak willie ,bring it sofftly during the debate.l
HRC lies over the lies ..pure talk empty talk
Should you lose your @SecretService detail since you pay no taxes?  #RepugnantShit #MAGA #TrumpTaxes @HillaryClinton
can u give the details on how the guns will taken who will take them how many people will it take to take 400 million guns
