
We're radically better off now than 8 years ago in many categories.


He didn't mock the reporter's disability.  He mocks everyone in that same manner.
I think you are in denial, good sir
#debatenight #debates2016 #debate @aademonte @realDonaldTrump
showing me a biased conspiracy theory doesn't Change anything. Sorry little baby. Maybe next time #ImWithHer
You didn't even read it. Trump mocked a general and Ted Cruz the same way. Sorry little baby. #CrookedHillary
I actually did read it. Stop assuming you racist toddler. #NeverTrump
You must think the general & Cruz are disabled like the reporter then. Stop being such a racist intolerant bigot
... Trump got busted back in his days of his college days back when , then he when into the military to shut up.
Mention Project Veritas voter fraud videos! 
#debate #debatenight #debates2016
He already has earlier.  Great punching points!
@JohnNew2015 Whoo-hoo--expose them!  You got their att'n now, BELIEVE me!  pple are silently changing their positions!
@KazmierskiR Megyn Kelly is ridiculous she needs to be fired from Fox News Channel!!!!! She is so biased!!!
.. she said 'if' he's a sexual predator; she did NOT say he is a sexual predator - biased?
hmm how about those conflicts of interest you got now
Ha ha ha...guess that guilty plea today and more trouble for Manifort has you a bit nervous.  LOL.. THEY ARE COMING FOR YOU... NOT "CROOKED".  HA HA HA HA
If we really drained the Swamp, the only creature we would find at the bottom is YOU sucking everything up for yourself!

#DrainTheSwamp 
@slone @Cernovich @mitchellvii @_Makada_ @WayneDupreeShow @AmyMek @peddoc63 @Ashley4Trump
..loser.
.. Crooked Hillary loser
these opportunists need to be booted to the curb....both dems and rep alike if people want America back..
omg! The real Donald Trump wouldn't have had a clue as to what "mired" meant!!
... Trump-pence in Minnesota twolfs no one brings the wolf out of me 4 native culture open minded vs Crooked Hillary goone.
@mcbreeze69
let us all participate in this
you're messed up your own name. Nobody wants your name on their buildings.  Pay your workers maternity leave you advocate
at least they paid their taxes...
start talking about how great America will be with your policies. If you are talking about HC you are not selling you. Win
I would beg to come out of retirement just to get a set of orders to a Carrier named after him
.@realDonaldTrump RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS DONNY HITLER!!!! #DebateNight
PAY THE STATE DEPARTMENT BACK THE $6 BILLION THAT IS MISSING, Hillary!!!
Meanwhile, in the real world...
MSM is totally bought and paid for by Hillary.
Say the crookedest Reptile in the Swamp.
wrong
NEVER AGAIN TRUMP...NEVER AGAIN..YOU JUST AREN'T AS GREAT AS U THINK U ARE @HillaryClinton @CNNPolitics @FoxNews

.@realDonaldTrump @Toimatom BLOW UP "the swamp."
the swamp is where the deplorables are.  GET RID OF THEM
You are mired in conflicts of interest with Russia, China and the Saudis. The Saudis own the 45th floor of Trump Towers
Can’t wait to hold your shovel for you.
please stay off the message about the outcome of election it's a trap avoid it at all costs and move on fast
another sleepless night for u donaldo
we need Woodward/Bernstein & Weicker type Americans to reveal corrupt BHO, LL, WJC, HRC & COMEY!
Thanks DJT for answering Wallace's gotcha question the way you did it tells your supporters the fight goes on not quitting
The swamp is a network of corruption across the globe with special interests,lobbyists,middlemen,brokers,at Public cost.
: uh huh (yawn)
we MUST grab the pussy!
SIR LOCK ALL OF THEM UP AND FIND OUT EVERYTHING THAT WE DONT KNOW ABOUT THOSE STINKEN TRAITORS

#youreadouche
Yawn....beat a dead horse.
Hey #CokeHeadTrump when are you going to put your businesses in trust #ConflictOfIntetest #truthisbeauty #ReleaseYourTaxes
hahahahahahahahahahaha you got your ass kicked again
- Yes lets drain the swamp. You can see all the left people start to squirm and scream and get real ugly the closer we get!
she just gave up our nuclear reaction time what an idiot.
@jenilynn1001 Hell, it was way worse than that...
please #Drain The Swamp !
Figuratively, "drain the swamp" means "to exterminate corruption or gov't waste"
Why Are You Not Hitting Harder On Her Immigration And Globalism Plan ? It Is Real.Other Countries Are Asking U 4 Help Also
quid pri quo FBI
You got a good start and U didn't even lose 1 poll the ones I posted! Congrats!
you did great tonight Hillary could not even answer some things 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#TrumpPence16

spoken from a true tolerant liberal lmfao 
. Who needs a State Dept anyway? Who needs a Dept of Education? DRAIN THE SWAMP
She sure dodged the whole pay to play question.  Almost lost her balance pivoting...
keep your word and lock her up!!!
# because you are the swamp king
why would anyone except a president that should be in jail I don't blame you for not excepting it if she is elected! Crook!
don't ever back down big guy. Especially if the election results are apparently fraudulent. Expose it all!'
President Obama Finaly named as Chief Obstructor  & Rigger of Election 4 Hillary.Colluding with press & DOJ to deny Voters
I am proud to have you as our next president...MAGA
everyone knows she is corrupt now lets hope the ppl wake up.
wrong
wow. Awesome debate. You won big time!!!!

quick exit - run home quick you "pussy"
@Israelifreedom espero que los concientes cuidadanos de los EEUU tomen.racionalmente la opcion, yo NO votaría por ud.

very pathetic if we elect hillary who represents corporate interest
agree DRAIN THE SWAMP
people don't watch the news they just watch these debates. People please watch the need and you'll vote Trump
Hillary: "Make our country be what it should be"....hmmmm. sounds like, MAGA.
wow I see so many uninformed Americans that is so sad given the resources available to them.
Will save Social Security. Hillary said she'll raise MIDDLE CLASS TAXES!! We are struggling! #debatenight #debate
mention bill Clinton Victims
why can't the Americsn People see that there's a man trying to Destroy the corruption?
Is it possible #Hillary doesn't understand people are struggling?That's what MAGA represents. Middle Class people for Trump
@KatrinaPierson This is just embarrassing. Doesn't he look tired? If he can't handle a debate how can he help America?
you are so hard on Mitt Romney he disappointed you and you choked you're not going to win what about that
Get comfy in Trump Tower because youre not moving anywhere! #DonTheCon, #ImWithHer, #YoureAWreck, #ConcedeAlready

Hillary is the Swamp Queen we must #DrainTheSwamp
WE HAVE BECOME A DISPOSABLE COUNTRY
This woman is NAUSEATING
she can't even keep her stories straight
i dont hate alot of ppl but i genuinely hate u
WHAT ABOUT THE 4 YR OLD STRAPPED WITH BOMBS SENT INTO A CROWD AS A SUCIDE BOMBER.
why you tweeting during the debate
go Baby Go
scored
Great Job President Trump!!!
you're going to lose the election "bigley"!
Clean the house Mr. Trump. We can't have such a corruption in our country.
https://youtu.be/3LkJfuN6ruE 
I will vote for you in early voting on Monday 10/24. & pray for your election
if you are debating live right now, how come I don't see you tweeting?????
CROOKED HILLARY 's top aides were mired in massive conflicts of interest at the State Dept. We MUST DRAIN THE SWAMP!!
do dick of her double talk
.@realDonaldTrump Like @PaulManafort's conflict of interest? Like yours due to Russian investments?
#whineylittlebitch
I support u because Killary Clinton is crooked and doesn't no what she is talking about I'm 11 and my friends want you
#DrainTheSwamp
Trump= Big Dummy 
                                Hillary= President
trump has lost control of himself! Has list debate with his lies and snide remarks! Showing he has no control of himself
Who is tweeting for you?
you have NO idea about Middle East politics.
.@realDonaldTrump you shouldn't be tweeting while you're debating. You need to concentrate you silly goose. #debate
it’s his birthday Donald. Give him a shout out in your closing statement.
The People need to See who she really is Break the Ice Princess Piss her off!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!
Wallace is allowing HRC to bloviate and cutting you http://off.You  will see how much more time she had.
Diplo WARNING;OSAC
When meeting President Trump
Wemen heads of State advised Several undergarments.  @realDonaldTrump
hit her with bengazi
Hilliary says she is an advocate for women and children but she is for aborting  millions of babies every day worldwide
let's go president Trump!!!!
Dodgy Donald, on the run. Quit your whining
HRC you are pissing off Russia with your accusations jeopardizing our relations bad choice security. Google HRC emails
Waco Texas,, Benghazi,Uranium, Seth Rich?!,all the suicides and Murders surrounding the Clintons Break her, Russian Button
oh go away
looks like the clintons paid Wallace off. BIG time disappointed in him and Fox tonight
you cannot give a direct answer to any question, no foreign policy, WEAK!!!
wow, trump making excuses for the CURRENT Commander in Chief. Blaming a sec of state for orders of the POTUS
Hillary, stop the lying, nothing is true any more from you

mujeres detienen a trump!!
wish Trump would ask Wallace to get back to pay for play Q that she avoided!!

it's your fault Clintons illegal server got hacked?


BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH YOU'RE AN IDIOT
Remember when Hillary said she dodged sniper bullets!?
@ivankatrump YOU ARE SHAMELESS. ATTN TRUMP SUPPORTERS. You are on the wrong side on history. Repent now!
what is she reading
Clinton Foundation received huge sums of money from Saudi Arabia and Qatar in exchange for American protection
protection but confiscated to the treasury of Clinton and Obama
@sdalas73  @karen58Romans  #the only way I see hillary winning is if she promises as good a job as Monica Lewinsky did
ask her about the rigged democrat primary and herbhiring od Debbie Waserman Schultz
Talk abt India- Modi development!! Clinton foundation used  only 5% and 95 % in thr poker
how r you tweeting during the debate??? LOL
plz 
If they hadn't pulled out the way they did isis wouldn't have been there in first place have to leave troops or will be bac
I new #ChrisWallace was a liberal. But dissapointed in how he asks Trump about his contraveries but doesn't ask Hillaries
Why was she not asked if Mr. Trump wins, will she concede and accept .

sniff. Incoherent word salad. Need an oxygen tank? You are a criminal.
She's babbling in the wrong direction and baiting again. WE THE PEOPLE need leaders, proud governance.
Break the Ice Princess Piss her Off!!!
where are your taxes
He needs to be more aggressive like her. Attacking no answering her bullets. Just punch her where more hurts to her
okay his supporters aren't gonna know what mired means he should know that
Appalled by her running for president 550% more "Refugees" 
cunt
Donald a girl is kicking your ass. Ops, your fat ass!
Why is @hillaryclinton allowed to read off of a mini-teleprompter anyway?? @DanScavino @EricTrump Pretty Sad... 
we need more time to talk!!!! Wallace is leaning to let Clinton spread her rhetoric


Hillary should have brought up the rape of the 13yo but she doesn't want to embarrass you.  She has class. You sir do not.
My D is not looking great
