
@az_valentine I am so proud of Uu have made wise choices already 3weeks ahead of Obama in cabinet picks, K yrs in wisdom
And you need to address racist undertone of your 2016 campaign and your entire life of racism, elitism, misogyny, sexism
OK how about this? Oh this is Trump? sorry
Breaking News at Check this - http://Newsmax.com  http://www.newsmax.com/Surveys/Results/id/338/#ixzz4NUmYJYDW …
@syoka68 And she did
Keep going! Perfect chance to outline long-standing FAILURES and not-so-soft -bigotry of Dems, especially including HRC.
She's not running for office. She is drifting through politics like a piece of driftwood.
go TRUMP go

@Oprah @nytimes @BernieSanders @nytopinion @FoxNews @WayneDupreeShow @YoungPwD4HRC @johnlegend @ABC #WakeUpAmerica
#Jeb
Sure shows their true racism towards blacks!That & their relationship w/Robert KKK Byrd! Theyre criminals stole from Haiti!
@HillaryClinton The people of Charlotte need to see this ! Actually everyone needs to see this . Wake up America !
RT and RT

@NeilTurner_ how bout trump do that first,
@timothy_mahan we should put them in the Liars basket
It would he a huge basket. I can't believe what our country has become. Very sad to see so many people decline into submission
the PCs
Please come to Bay City Michigan.
very well edited
funny she pimps you hang
wake up #America and smell the #coffee

This is a clear instance of the pot - @HillaryClinton calling the kettle black.
UREAL! She calls YOU a RACIST! Thank you Mr. Trump for fighting for our country! You have my vote and support!
Hillary Won't. Hillary is far from sagacious and has not been Zealous as seen over the years. This will not change.
@fanofthetrump Brilliant move! Call her out
Clinton is acting like she knows the results now so check it out
@DonaldTrumpWall Reverse discrimination is how her sick Pathos works.
Trump  keep letting the people know all about Krooked Killary Klinton. Lots of Americans have no idea. Blast her daily!
I love this, put this ad in every state, and ruin it on a loop. Maybe then, everyone will see how horrible this women is.
..Yes, yes she does. Let all she her at her best,  she doesn't care about anyone and is a person who lives in the moment.
Hillary Clinton in Black History.   A must watch. ..
you have my vote sir. I have met ( at dinner) and know why you will call upon Carl Icahn for trade deals. A great choice
hurts to see Latinos well well brain washed they by the liberal news. Please translate all articles, videos, use subtitles.
Hillary can do that from jail
OUR GRANDCHILDREN NEED TRUMP...NOW....
Trump made a remark that black people counting his money can't be trusted, they are useless, and lazy.
This can not be worst when Trump said he did not want Black people counting his money.
Hey Pres while they are screaming about the Russians hacking the DNC,  OBAMA HAD BEEN HACKING OUR ALLIES AND THEIR PHONES!
and the pic of Obama in Afric that she released to suggest that he was primitive & unqualified to answer a 3'Oclock call.
would love to meet u i have terminal cancer. Also i have great idea for your campain.
I want to believe we are great and will be soon even greater as a nation. United we stand #vote
Time for real change.  Not much better than 1994 today!!!!
Please run this on TV.
Please, before you decide who to vote for, listen to this video. Our Nation is at risk!
, very good point, double standard, that family will say what ever help them in the moment.
, who is the sociopath ?
I am a Hispanic Mr trump and I will vote for you this year. At least the ones that are descent people have your back.
To all of you Hillary lovers wake the hell up. Unless you are just plain ignorant to vote for a crooked LIAR.
You can beat that crooked woman Mr. Trump! You have to! American lives are depending on you!
@perich_angie #How soon people forget@realDonaldTrump
I haven't seen a nation so divided and against one another for 40 years at least. It needs to stop. We are all one now.
Hillary Clinton should be behind bars!
she needs to pack up and go on the lamb
To reach black voters, I URGE you, Mr. Trump:  FOCUS on CHARTER SCHOOLS; Black mothers LOVE it, and their kids benefit.
It's over.
,.., u are a looser
And someone to dress her! As a woman I am embarrassed--Ho Chi Minh not in style Hilary.
Incredible speech!!!
your the devil
Hi, I am Hillary Clinton and approve of this message...and this top secret message.and this top secret message times 30000
great job in Mexico today.
RACIST? You grouped the entire Black community into one group with your "What have you got to lose?" You are the Gestapo.
No one truly knows how racist Democrats are.
How about you first address your racist comments of 2015-2016 first?
Hillary Clinton was hoping Obama would be assassinated in California that year. Roll the clip it's out on Twitter already.
I'm not voting for you, but damn. You snatchin
 Hillary's wig and running.

STOP PAYING BLACK PASTORS  TO LIE

I like "Corrupt Clinton" or Corrupt Hillary better than crooked.
you need to address your outright racism
you have our vote because you say what they won't can't and wish you wouldn't mention. And Will fix it.!
when some thing leaks from the democrats consider it the tip of the ice burg and not an error, under the sheep skin is..
Sir. The old tactic: you're a racist.  Then say how fearful they're made to feel without any proof. I am sick of POLITICIAN
Hillary let me count the ways treasonist, criminal, liar, manipulator, sexual predator, adulteress, greedy, evil!
Bravo Donald! Trump Bravo!
are you kidding me this who she is all the time people just tend to vote for the party no matter what.
is right and @NewDay should open their eyes because @HillaryClinton is not perfect like they are trying to portray.
as soon as you do the same for yours and your father's. #shesstillkickingyourbutt
Trump the new leader of the Alt Right. Trump is a Neo Nazi

What about the racist overtones of your current campaign?
is this someone who African Americans should vote for we may have buyer's remorse if we do so the same old lies won't do
I"m with ya Mr. Trump! All the way baby!
and you need to see a psychiatrist
People forget that Obama is half White. He is not Black. Tone it down to Brown people. Vote Donald Trump 2016
Yard signs keep getting stolen by liberals; need sign big enough for my ROOF!
have to push that in the minority networks! She's been full of crap her entire life. Get her negative and take high ground
Don't take the bait!
"Mirror Images 7: Law & Order!"
Soon as you address the racist overtones of your current one, Don.
flip flop trumpf
.  Donald are you calling the kettle black
q
You're a desperate little man!
A fence on the border.  Put there by Bill Clinton.
Stop calling Hillary crooked. You sound like a 10 year old. Grow up!
boycott trump @the polls


seriously? What about your undertones? http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/nov/23/donald-trump/trump-tweet-blacks-white-homicide-victims/ …
CORRUPT CRIMINAL clinton- SHE IS A HYPOCRITE AND A RACIST AND A MAJOR LIAR!
You need to release your tax returns
stop line no racist undertones that would be you .othering everybody in the country but whites
Go MR Trump we have your back
idiot
Hillaries failure to make a decision when Bengasi happened shows she is unfit to be President.
the Republican Party needs to explain the racial undertones of their entire existence.
Yep.
that was 2008 DONALD fugetaboutit !!!!
Mississippi gulf coast
Clinton's and Obama's have came together, what's your problem?
How about you address the racial overtones of your 2016 campaign.
Trump needs to be sent to another planet!!!! Take your bunch with you too!!
PLEASE, PLEASE! Do what is necessary 2 winn! Help us Obey Wan KaTrump, your r only HOPE!
where are all your apologies for all the offensive things u have said? Double standard sexist bully bigot

we're With you all the way!!!
exactly right
excellent.. please use this in an ad. play it over and over please.
and one more thing that snide smile on her face tells me I'm right she already knows it's rigged.
You know you are winning but that's not how it's going down in the media.
Hillary Clinton has a history of lying to Hispanics and African Americans. Whether video or other form She is disconnected
#Where'sTrumpsTaxes
Amnesty Don
Hillary a racist?? You're hilarious. And clueless about yourself.
Mr Trump  I have something  you might want to say to get Hispanic  to vote for you  you can have someone  call 2109523506
Hillary Clinton is a lying no good person that should be in jail! !!!!
I definitely agree 
what about the electoral votes?? Everyone's bought and paid for...our votes go for TRUMP 2016
GREAT WORK Trump!Reveal the truth!Let's go Sean and Bill, We need this story brought to light!@seanhannity @oreillyfactor
it would be in your best interest to check out http://trunews.com  Friday August 26,2016 episode
@williamevans101 Her policies follow party lines of deceiving poor African Americans for their votes. It has worked for yrs
, you need to address your blatant racist statements made during this 2016 campaign!
all this video proves is that rich white people I detach from reality just like you Donald# really Donald
BOOM! Wikileaks Confirms Hillary Sold Weapons To ISIS......http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=32072 …
I have a way to use a loot of wasted energy we can use this to help build clinics all over the USA that can help vet,s
@libertarianma Summed up in one word: Bigot!
Force this on her this week!!!!
Drumpf's love for Mexicans only goes as far as taco bowls and manufacturing his cheap suits.
some people are calling you #amnestydon
you got my vote Donald!
@VickyBrush I know, try getting her to do that....SHE CAN'T EVEN TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT HER EMAILS!!
Maybe if you actually speak with a group of African Americans we'll listen. Your audience is always white with a token blck
Hillary Clinton Needs To Get buried in a Casket ??
lol seriously?
Taking two steps back here and I see a racist calling out racist policies by the opponent. What does the Donald offer?
INSANITY kicking the same dead horse every 4 years expecting better results! No more Lesser2Evils!
Black people are so much smarter than you think. not falling for the sleazy repub "do whatever it takes to win" tactics
You can't erase the fact that you claimed you didn't know about David Duke or White Supremacists. The Alt-Right loves you!
it seems the more you talk the more you complain. #Trump #terminated #JillOrBust #Revolution
what is your plan to help the poor? The plan, not the finger pointing. We need a plan to make America great again.
you need to address the racial undertones of Steve bannon!!
Pathetic!
YOU are racist! You had blacks pushed, shoved, and even sucker punched at your rallies. David Duke loves you! Not Hillary!
don't try and turn over the race card you bad haired bigot
- hey DT. WTF???  Racial undertones?  You got nothin'
way to make shit up
Give it up...everyone knows that you are the bigot
I will vote for you but I fear you will lose anyway. I have no money to help you ditty
Now reversing of the "bigot" path by calling HC a bigot, Wont work Trump. You know are the bigot and only bigot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljpl0neGk2Q …
