.@realDonaldTrump It's amazing as to what an embarrassment you are to this country. How arrogant you are to post these things on twitter.
all of a sudden libs care about the country and standing in the world, and Trump hasn't sworn in yet, DT is good
is a bigot, con man, fraud, hate monger and for those who think otherwise have not been listening.
Everything he does with his "swamp draining" proves it. He's a used car salesman with a trust fund.
I wouldn't buy anything this fraud is selling. How quickly bigoted comments and fraud case he settled.
he's an embarrassment to the country. A huckster. a fool leading the foolish.
in the end he'll be impeached, drop dead of a heart attack and his family will be pariahs ever after.
if we're lucky. But Pence & his evangelical agenda are scary too.
#China did this in 2015 to boost exports and revive its economy 
I'm in #NZ, closer than you are, but we'll manage.
Man up for goodness sake
Raising taxes of foreign products will drive a desire to manufacture here in the USA!
give up, you're a phony!
NEWS FLASH! Trump just agreed the Warrh###
LMAO. China doesn't have to ask...
This may be true but STOP being an embarrassment to our country with your moronic tweets all night long so we can respect u
@HillaryClinton @cher OMG Dump t. I guess that's gonna cause you more expense to source your labor to China. Poor poor baby
I’ll ask Trump,which cities in China, & Mexico He makes his suits & Ties.I Know his Shirts are made in Bangladesh
really dude..you think anybody will take you serious
Excellent point!  Current Administration thinks they will be able to dictate how you are to do things.
Homegrown Demagogue
never thought I'd say this, but thank God #Twitter is blocked in #China #Trump #trumptweets #trumptwitter
This is not normal. It's not ok for a president-elect to call put or admonish another country. Step Down! #notmypresident
Did the American people ask you to lie and break promises and go on Twitter rants when your feelings get hurt? Hell no
Q:
what's the difference between reality show and reality? 

A:
Consequences
What was that? Jyna?
of course they didn't. They also paid the price & now have to dump billions in foreign currency to prop it back up.
WOW, you are scary to world peace
Barack Obama has created a mess of the U.S. the likes of which have never been experienced before.
did citizens ask you to send your manufacturing jobs to China instead of making your clothes here?
No but we can blame previous presidents and corporations for sending jobs overseas...
you will put America FIRST,  Obama has put America LAST
and yet he makes all his products in China. USA first for Trump lol. More like money!
you obviously havent been listening to a word he has said
how can I listen when he tweets? I certainly READ and definitely see the hypocrisy
any defense for his China manufacturing?
- You never got a response did you. I love it! 
LIKE ALL THE STEEL YOU BUY FROM THEM FOR YOUR SHITTY BUILDINGS?
CHINA @katelin_marie4
Down with china! Hail Trump!
will you tax your companies 35% for all the crap you and your daughter produce outside America
BRING THE SNACKER BACK
you better put these fools in check Donald Trump
@Ms_Mambo @realDonaldTrump that's a fake hat. I've been to his hotel gift shop and the real one's from here. Different font.
Thanks, Uatu
FFS STOP TWEETING.
.@realDonaldTrump Or if you must: "Attended daily briefing today. So much to learn! Burning the midnight oil w/my briefing books tonight!"
Aw, give them their binkies. Feel better snowflakes.
No,  as a matter of fact they didn't.  Nor did they ever cut a deal to the detriment of their own country!
definitely the right time, place and forum to bring this up
it's cute how you and I talked about the 2018 elections as though we'll live that long
You really should stop tweeting or at least have your tweets approved by a responsible adult. Out of your depth
I guess the problem with him being president is that he gets to pick his own responsible adult
I'm not writing because I believe you're extraordinarily unqualified to be our president (I do)
(cont.) but person to person:  you have serious mental health issues and you need help.  Nothing to be ashamed of, but true
(cont) You were able to hide that somewhat in the private sector & on a reality show, but it's glaringly obvious now.
(cont) If you really love our country (& I want to think you do) you'll resign & get the help you need.  God bless ...
... said the woman with serious mental health issues who is delusional enough to think he reads her rants
Well, it's worth a try ...
I could have said: "A dead squirrel on the side of the road called & wants its hair back," but I'm trying to be helpful
please, for everyone, put your fucking phone down and start reading up on the job you just fell into.
Damn Trump voters believe all his lies. I hear banjo music playing!
it's insane. They believe everything he says. He's on camera lying to our faces.
Repeal&replace ACA day 1, work so hard he won't leave the WH for vacation, Mexico pay for wall? Lies
Thanks for proving my point.
Never before has a man inspired such widespread ignorance and stupidity.
yeah but that idiot has only weeks left and then the embarrassment is over
the embarrassment has already started and he hasn't even been sworn in. He needs to 
again u have lived through 8 years of embarrassment but hey if you like beta males that's on u
embarrassment? Record stock market? Lowest unemployment? Auto industry saved? Gladly take it!
you aren't the smartest are you? Check Bush unemployment vs Obama Bush started bail out
bush killed the economy. Trump is being handed keys to a new car. Bush gave a Pinto
and it's gotten no better in 8 years when you look at real data not obama's bs
Did you ask if it was OK to grab them by the genitals?
This didn't age well
Want to bring manufacturing back home? Let's start with Ivanka Trump's clothing line.
The tax bill gives them even more overseas benefits... truth not told here!
Abolish taxes on American goods, tax the hell out of Chinese imports.
You buy your TVs, cameras, cell phones, etc. from American manufacturer's? @realDonaldTrump
We COULD
Only decades ago China killed over 45 million people in less than 4 years; and to this day they still do not allow preaching the good news.
Ya and you said it was cool, man
Reduce imports or go back to quota system, kinda sucks with USN mishaps, China island grabbing, Taiwan & NK thrown in mix.
sovereign countries define their monetary policy. U.S. corporations can react by placing operations overseas. #economics
hey #douchenugget we want our jobs here in #America not overseas
Then tell your boy Donald to move his family's manufacturing back from China and Mexico. #douchenugget
He is a businessman the trade policies why he has plants outside USA.had to compete. Took guts to stop
So it's ok for him but not other companies? Laughable hypocrisy. And he hasn't stopped.
not ok for him the trade deals forced him to use foreign labor to be competitive
He has not even remotely indicated he would move back. Ivanka just moved to Africa for cheaper labor. BS
Did you ask if it was OK to SCAM thousands of people?? #DonTheCon
He scammed more people than the jobs he's "saved"  Lol!!

Trump, in case u don't know how 2 use anything other than twitter, here's what a real leader looks like!
The only picture taken when he was at the White House and not on vacation. He sucked!
Dear China - Most of us voted us against this idiot. Please do not take his incompetence out on the rest of us. #helpus
they don't have to
Welcome to the next four years. Trump doing and saying stupid things and stupid people screaming 'Hillary" to defend him.
its stupid to make good deals and have fair trade? Where's the logic?
How is the president-elect trolling China on Twitter making good deals and having fair trade?
calling China out on their bullshit isn't trolling
Typical ignorant americans. We don't have slavery in China! Do some reading for once!
; He’s not even competent to run that judging from what we’ve seen so far.... @realDonaldTrump
; My sympathies; it’s gonna be a long 6 months (my prediction for the time it takes him to do something impeachable....)
can we impeach before inauguration?
seriously?!  You're acting like a damn high school girl!!  Act like a REAL president!!  You need to learn from Obama!!
he did learn, whatever Obama did, do opposite.
This is really starting to feel biblical.
And another shall rise after them;he (the antichrist) shall be different from the first ones,and shall subdue three kings
The end begins
This man will consolidate power over 10 nations and then over the whole world through treaties and war.......nah,no way.
Could it be, Putin?
you will put them in their place, YOU are the BOSS
really 
Shaquille O'Neil is a fraud.
.@realDonaldTrump is trolling an incredibly powerful country and one of our allies on Twitter. Somebody. Muzzle. Him. Please.
I am baffled as to why his Twitter app hasn't been blocked or something from his phone.He should be locked out. It's insane.
Do y'all know about the POTUS text system? He can text every US phone & there's nothing we can do about it!
I heard. Gonna be pretty insane.
Who authorized that program, by the way? It seems like a major invasion.
Congress. The WARN Act of 2006. It's where the Amber Alert texts and stuff like that come from, too.
So obvi something Obama didn't feel the need to use, and Donald will harass the shit out of us w/ it. Cool beans

of course not. They didn't ask Wal-Mart or Lowe's either. So we pay higher prices for their exports and they take our jobs
Be Patriot and World hero, fight against social dumping, propose a minimun income per hour to avoid disloyal trades
OMG SHUT UP!!!
For the first time a leader has stood against China. The #presstitutes are spreading fear! Be patriotic! USA comes first!!
You need to tread carefully and keep friendships that have been, so carefully created and honored. IT'S NOT ALL ABOUT YOU!
that's what I said, Donald!
or better yet, how may if your products have been made in the US?
Did you ask me if it is OK that you became the president of USA ????
They're a sovereign state, not a child. The United States is also a sovereign state, not a hegemon. #ThatsNotHowThisWorks
I am loving the way u are staking it to China 
Next Time they devalue advance the maturity dates on bonds and cash them out at the lowest value.
sb
I am fine with that!  That is why I voted for you, I trust you
UR SUK A FAGET CUZ U SUKD MAI DIK
Is he trying to go to war against China in order to benefit his companies?
Trump wanted the WIN...not the JOB!  It is obvious!
they tax us to death..The favor should be returned!
Th prev admins+globalist interests tht set up China via 1 sided trade deals never asked th US if it ws OK2 de-industrialize
Personal insight of DP,I think DP will do better than his former
did you ask to build a golf course in Scotland? #iTrumpTroll
interesting fact finding: US exports 134B to China and imports 432B.
：Did you ask China if it was ok to elect you as a president of America？
#AskTrumpFirst if it's OK for me to leave my damn home work undone then wait for you to rescue me from the teacher tomorrow
Squelch the popular vote screams, with a fraudulent voter investigation. Fraudulent voters should have voting priveledge...
china would slap your wiggly ass into shape
China is Lose Lose for U.S.  Best approch suggests restricking the blood supply.  Let's make is U.S.A.
you are so funny
Are you starting a twitter War with.......JINA? Really? May be the first President Elect to start a war.

Ignoring phone calls is Hillary's thing.  Guess someone needs to remind them who won on Nov. 8th. #Benghazi
first, let the Chinese internet really open.
is hello americaa
I would guess they ate also signalling their displeasure with you Donny! I'm sure more countries will follow.
喵
well you outsource a lot of your work. Doesn't that have the same effect
why would China ask us this. Please fir goodness sake learn international politics and get off twitter!
i made car accident in worked, the victim called much repair payment-my expect,who are them?my accident real accident? or?
Do u ever learn from ur mistakes? Because that's all u'r doing. Bring the swamp into the WH and pissing off the planet.
who give u qualification to say that? as a Chinese person I dont think you have right to do http://so.you  are too self-righteous
I do not see the proof to validate your claims. You have cried wolf so many times. Why should I believe you? #resist
You were made to break some protocol. You are doing a fine job. Nothing wrong with taking a phone call from any leader @realDonaldTrump
发展中国家咋还不能搞建设了→_→
Do Chinese have twitter account?
Did America ask us if it was OK to train Tibetan extremists (airlifting of CIA agents and military supplies into Tibet)...
fight the evil China!
East TN wildfires victims need a visit from you! They all supported you and still do!
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/mar/30/donald-trump/trump-miscasts-impact-trade-chinese-taxes/ … OR
we need to boycott all food from China https://www.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10206479047690056&id=1685624746 …
Keep tweeting prezoo! !
President, I support u. But China needs to take care 1.3 billion human beings. Your goal should reset as China's Chairman.
LOL Taiwan has always been a part of China, in the past, present and future, you are a good businessman
rise up china!!!
I doubt China is as mad as the media portrays. Besides hasn't President Trump done business with them?
your companies cannot compete anyway
Please fix the VA system. I don't want to use it anymore, because of the incompetence of many of the doctors there. Help!
would you ask them if you were to devalue yours?
We can't help it if some nations have problems with each other. but we can say, we want all nations to work together
Trump and Tillerson, russian puppet.

#trumphassmallhands
hi loser.2.5 million, keep doing what you're doing. It is such a JOKE AS YOU ARE!@
ok ...most Americans do not want you, but you won....would you please try to learn what the job is. You are embarrassing.
As the President, u can go anywhere but TAIWAN. It's insane. If ur 1st Air Force One ride is to Taiwan, it'll be historic.
its Gina, not China
China doesn't need your permission
那你很棒棒哦 [ 手动微笑 ]
You take whatever phone call you want, Prez Elect. We love you and tks for looking out for the tx payers money.
you are a president, you don't tweet US policy and issues through social media. I don't understand why you don't grow up?
你就是一个不可理喻的大妈，没有脑子。
yes. Did China let us control their gov policies?!? You're making in no friends. This is ridiculous...
China had done a lot good things that benefit the American people，sadly the government didn't mention any of them
is the construct of money SET? Is there a way to re-SET the construct?
kkk
do you think China would say "fine" when they heard you got the call from Taiwan????? Are u sick?

why China need to ask your permission? Do you think you are king in the world and everyone have to obey your command?

keep moving forward!!!  Time to put the "business" back in America!!
Adolf SATAN Trump, did we ask China if we could perform quantative easing??? I didn't think so...
china and us are both great country.understand is the best way to develop. love you.
Hey Trump, last time I checked the government isn't ok with you running your bushiness and be the president of the US.
did china ask anyone before unilaterally declared ADIZ? Communist China will not be alllowed to dictate whom we speak with!
呵呵，总统是来圈粉的吗
Why I Will Not Cast My Electoral Vote for Donald Trump http://nyti.ms/2gJkwVt 
really

China is becoming the Nazi via the connivance of the world.
China is using other countries' resources to prosper itself.
actually they did meet with international leaders. It wasn't on Twitter or ET so I guess you missed it.
We, normal social memers, have witnessed how youbecame the president and will pay attention to you constantly
can you please buy an econ textbook and read a few chapters
President Elect Trump! I'm very Proud of You. You call a Spade a Spade!!
We don't need China's permission! Do your thang, PEOTUS!
@foxnation No one's been home for the last 8 yrs, now that you have their attention, it's showtime..........heh now!

yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuge
are you even thinking about anything else than complaining about the other countries
we need " Fair trade" not " Free trade". Nothing is " Free" in life.

DT screws American Workers. Carrier to move 553 Carrier jobs  to MX. 700 workers at Huntington plant will lose their job.
What do yo call the devil as a girl Hillary Clinton
Dear Sir, you talk tough about China but your tacky swag has China written all over it. Please explain?
Laura is right. Since when does a leader have to check in with China or the far left to answer a phone. ha WOW!!
I dislike many of the politics in China but the American can be even more damaging to the world just like 2008.
amen Mr Trump look forward to more smart decisions in US
140 characters.
Hopefully China will know we have to talk to each other to make better deals with all nations! we must be open to deals.

China Solar cells already have a 35% to 45% American tax on them, us power BROKERS  does not want American made to be cheap
, did the govt of China take some action to devalue CNY vs USD? When did this occur?
中國人在中國領土做事 憑什麼要問你？
liberal fear mongering!  You lost! Bunch of cry babies!  Ughhhh!
