thats an ugly hoodie!
yeah i am right! 
It is ugly! 
No one will buy this!
huh!! Make a bet dude!! 
No one loves trump!!
No one will buy this!!
hahahaha yeah right!!  hahahaha
Maybe don't hire a bunch of DC insiders if you're serious about draining the swamp.
it's full of lobbyist, worst than before...he is not doing what he said
And I am laughing at the idiots who thought he would.
Campaign results summed up

TRUMP SUPPORTERS GOT TROLLED AND PLAYED BIG TIME

How does it feel?
Feels like we #WeWonBitch!!! BOOM!!!
They really don't care bc that is not why they voted for Trump.
They will care when their parents' Medicare is gone and they can't support them. Unreal.
You sound like a cheesy 80s game show host. This shit is serious, Donald.
haters gonna hate. Go Mr President!!!!!! God bless you.
  
thanks!
Hey bud, good thing is he won last week, and your junky candidate lost. Doesn't need you to give him a "chance."
No that was the husband of your candidate, you liberals always easily fooled.
Accused ? Only the guilty one left their DNA on the dress of an intern. All the rest is accusation.
. @realDonaldTrump
very strange days. Increasingly clear he literally has no idea what it means to be president.
God Bless You and Keep You Safe! WE, THE TRUE PEOPLE OF THE USA, LOVE YOU!
Please refrain from speaking for all Americans. Not all of us love @realDonaldTrump
Omg, a one person troll. Wtf? Get lost.
The troll is who you elected. No need to act like a child.
And there's the problem - the number of Trump supporters with no empathy & a need to belittle
They can't help it. Hate is all they have. Empty shells.
They can't help it. Hate is all the left have.
You have no idea what's going on. What an embarrassment you are.
You guys elected a fool and a con man. I know more about being POTUS than Trump. Sad.
So go out and campaign, you have to admit he is a hard worker, full of energy, gets things done.
He's going 2 lounge around on his fat ass in DC Trump hotel & give Pence the keys 2 the WH
Yeah....because that how he became a billionaire lol
How do u KNOW he's a billionaire Rube; he never released his taxes; Russ owns him
Finalists?! It's not a fucking reality show.
About time we had a President that involved the American people in the process, why is that bad?
Wait, do we get to vote via text? Or will there be a rose ceremony?
similar to rose ceremony but swap rose out for tiny, chilling handshake
THIS ISN’T A GAME SHOW YOU TWIT
I KNOW, IT'S A TWITTER FEED.  DON'T CALL THE PRESIDENT-ELECT NAMES, NUMBSKULL.
free speech, dickhead!
of course he CAN, but the idea that citizens and the PRESIDENT should be held to the same standards is bizarre
It is, but that doesn't make it right.
doesn't sound so organized? Is this the apprentice???
shut up
no
you heard him horn chugger SHUT UP
why,because he's right?seems Trumpkins dint like the truth...
shouldn't you be hanging brain on a blowup doll right now?
no.that's YOUR sexual habit and I really don't wanna share that with you
#weirdo
Don't show any weakness by collaborating with a team.
@ausbiz TRUMP WILL BE A GREAT LEADER: He will appoint the best to his team & WIN for all Americans!

you should televise your decisions. So classy.
and yet idiots will still give him a pass even when he starts a nuclear war
that's an idiotic statement as tho u have HRCs hand up Ur butt & u her puppet. There's no basis 4 Ur comment.
what does any of this have to do with HRC? She's not naming finalists, is she?
mist ppl who hate Trump r still on a Clintonaide hangover & believe all her rhetoric about Trump
play misty for me
u know what I meant, and yet u jump on a type error instead of substance. Shallow
THIS ISN'T A GAME SHOW, YOU PATHETIC PRICK!
Jon, you need to pay the tickets so they'll take the boot off your car. That way you don't miss overnite jail
Coley, you need to upload a photo to your account. That way we can see why no woman will fuck you.
Jon don't think about me when you have private thoughts. its a sin
This is, of course, insane

thats not consensual
"They let you do whatever you want, especially if you're a celebrity."
.@realDonaldTrump what kind of cabinet you thinking, a cocobolo cabinet? or maybe a fully plated golden cabinet with your name on it?
IKEA has a nice selection.
...the Babadook, Pinhead, Leatherface, and (oddly enough) Scott Baio.
You're in over your head Donnie. @realDonaldTrump
50 s!

Your tweet has been liked by 50 people. https://favstar.fm/t/798721144165572608 …

https://twitter.com/StopTrumpBigly/status/798721144165572608 …

"Finalists"

"FINALISTS"

"F I N A L I S T S"

THIS

IS

NOT

YOUR

WACK

ASS

REALITY

SHOW
Agreed. Have to ask though. Was the first letter of each word meant to spell out "TINYWARS" ?
HOLY SHIT hhahahahahaaha no way. But it happened.
haha, well done sir :) Shame it wasn't "TINYHANDS" though.
next time imma go for that!
finalists?
@TeamTrumpAZ DON'T TRUST RYAN
Don't trust Ryan! Snake!
. @realDonaldTrump This is NOT reality TV show sweeps; it's the future of our country. Treat it with some respect. 
why should @realDonaldTrump start now?
You're right. The next 4 years will just be a big reality show where the American public is the collective loser.
I desperately want us both to be wrong about that.
just to say it, I'd let more people in on it who have actual expertise so you don't blow it. Usually works better.
Feel free to run for President, Adam.  You seem to know SOOOO much about all these things.
I would be bad at that. And I have the self-awareness to know.
does this mean there is a new season of the apprentice or
jk but actually everything about your presidency terrifies me
You must support George Soros
hey so i know it's too early to tell the sex of the baby but what do you think of elsie for a girl & theodore for a boy?
liberal tears
for a boy or girl though?
I love how this guy is just repeating the same thing as everyone of his kind does: Soros, liberals, globalists,
Don't you have a protest to go to? You can support and cry with Hillary fans on highways.
.@realdonaldtrump  we are with you Mr.Trump. Our President.
your team rn
Christian? cristian? what's your deal guy? you want more terrorists, maybe higher taxes, or more obamacare
you know taxes are only going to be lowered for the rich, right? They protect their kind
the plan specifically will lower my taxes, and I ain't rich but I am pretty handsome, yaherd
when will you announce it?
on a new show: America's Hottest Autocrats
i don't think any of those words mean what you think they mean
Farra, (the linguistic xprt), tell the class wht the wrds mean & why they're nt relevant; in ur xprt opinion?
my man i'm just gonna be honest here, few of those are words, too
when will 56th street be re-opened?
4 years? Can you wait that long to get across town? Can you BELIEVE this SHITSHOW?
are you for real?
Don't be misled by your rich cronies in the 21 Club. The other 9 million New Yorkers despise you with unyielding passion.
Pretty sure the people at the 21 Club hate him as well.
he promised them tax cuts so they cheered
just saw the video. You're right.
add me to department of memes pls
The 14,000 other people who put Harambe in as a write in candidate are probably in line ahead of you 
where did you find that number?
several sites estimated between 10,000 and 20,000 
Just went with the most common #  at random
Any amt of votes for that tho
I love when you give us Tuesday night jokes, my man!
I liked last Tuesday's joke better when people thought Hillary had a chance!  All the weeping was great!
.@realDonaldTrump this basically confirms that it is indeed a disorganized mess.
well this is an unqualified person for office with less experience than most interns
Um, it's not a game show
We're all in his game show now. And we're all going to lose for as long as he's running it.
yep pretty much. The games of an unqualified unstable madman manchild 

https://www.change.org/p/electoral-college-electors-electoral-college-make-hillary-clinton-president-on-december-19 …
.@realDonaldTrump Hear me out. Turn Education pick into reality show w contests like spelling Bee or make high fat school lunch. Nix one/day
lol!
.@realDonaldTrump what size diaper do you wear
Sounds like Jared’s making the decisions for you. Probably a good plan.
The Subway guy? Still a better choice.
haha, still aint gonna win an emmy.
"And I will reveal the finalists.....after this commercial break!"
Did you intend to rhyme?
so hostile...

.@realDonaldTrump Find out who will be destroying the country........ right after this break!
who will get the final rose? You're keeping us in suspense!

Except—this is not a reality TV show.
methinks you doth insist too much http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/309979/trump-transition-team-mike-rogers-resign-pence/ …
when reality tv becomes real life ...
Yeah real organized. You're fired.
seems like a shit process then tbh
@pdacosta The Apprentice White House Edition.
I love this game show! Can't wait for the season finale!
.@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump   please for the love of GOD.  Please  take back& apologize 4 all the ugly, mean, destructive, alienating words u used throughout ur campaign.  Specifically2 the minorities, to women, 2 handicapped, 2 all that u have offended throughout this contentious campaign
and  all of your hateful policies and your agenda that is destroying this country. Your presidency is a disaster and a calamity for history to always remember. You are short of pulling the trigger
You know I'm bright/competent. I've proved myself effective managing people. Diversify. Include me to help improve country.
O great a fellow non taxpayer,  grifter, you'd fit right in.
So you believe our "justice" system is fair, and I was guilty of evading taxes? Neither is true.
You paid your taxes?   You should sue for wrongful imprisonment. Good luck with the bigot & his homophobicVP
"Wrongful imprisonment" is the norm. Our system ignores what's true. Can't sue because prosecutors are immune.Truly broken!
You're a criminal,  you should be ashamed of yourself .
I'm not, but you're free to believe whatever you need to... as is oh so common.
O okay that's what i thought.
Us idiots out here will just get real jobs,pay our taxes,and have people like you TAKE TAKE
Don't you mean no one wants to leave their job to work for a short time position?
Nobody is confirming anyone & anyone you have appointed will have to be called back due to conspiracy with Russia #treasonstretchesnecks @FBI @NewYorkFBI @AGSchneiderman  YOU'RE done @SpeakerRyan
@RandPaul @SenateMajLdr @RoyBlunt
@ChuckGrassley @SenatorCollins
@tedcruz #BYE
What a tool.
Wanna have President like you strong and honest
#PutinBot
@SenateGOP  @HouseGOP  @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats  Time for a Trump take down.  He endangers the world
Are you judging the swimsuit competition?
Well at least you had the final say on flynn.  He is a federaL felon now and always til death do us part. Mmmmm. Oh i forgot the pardon.
You are scarier than Kim Jong Un and not nearly as smart.
#MuellerKnows
GOD BLESS YOU AND PROTECT YOU WITH HIS HOLY SPIRIT MR. PRESIDENT TRUMP! GOD BLESS THE USA!!!
Anne Coulter for press secretary!
Gen. James N. Mattis
You're deciding the fate of #America not judging the #MissAmerica contest! Would you please learn the details of your #job!
As it SHOULD BE!!!!  WOO HOO!!!!
@LuvlyLadyTrump the best wingman available right here! The man is Godzilla!!
Definitely! He is seething with truth and justice! The American Way!
you're an a-hole
not true!!
This is not a game show or a cheap Apprentice show. This is real life and our lives. Leaving us guessing is childish.
and we'll never see wikileaks saying otherwise! MSM r so delusional, thinking anyone believes their lies  #ThursdayThoughts
as it should be!
.@realDonaldTrump if you call you walking around a country club cafeteria asking patrons who you should tap for S of S,"organized",then,yeah
don't trust Romney
Finalists? Is that what they are to you? You're not the host of a game show for crying out loud.
there's unfortunately a lot of parasites living in this country.  You will be our president.  Losers quit whining
you know that God give you the wisdom on who to pick
Mr President Please Consider  Either Jeanine Pirro For Atty General  Or Judge Andrew Napalitano  JFK 2 SDD
this is not a episode of your stupid reality show,this is our country!YOU FOOL! Stop putting your ego before our interests
Donald can I do something I'm a retired banker from Ky.  I will help with flowers anything, just a ordinary deplorable!
A new game show for you " Presidential Apprentice"
so checks and balances or
It's probably hard for even u 2 know who some of your choices r. Well, at least until they remove their sheets. #DonaldKKK
i hope Dr Carson gets a position !
this isn't The Apprentice
what will you do with Sessions, in regrads to Cannabis? Allow state laws to stand or let him tramble Americans votes?
Ummm this is not an episode of The Apprentice or a Miss America pageant..................
#NeverRomney #NeverRomney #NeverRomney #NeverRomney #NeverRomney #NeverRomney #NeverRomney #NeverRomney #NeverRomney PLEASE
The Lies Begin As Trump Takes Credit For Keeping Ford Plant In The US That Wasn’t Leaving
By Jason Easley on Thu, Nov 17th
finalist? It's not American Idol President Trump. Oh and you need to change your twitter handle to @PresidentTrump
Let me guess: racist, racist, racist, racist, one halfway decent person, racist.
which cabinet? Kitchen cabinet? Bathroom cabinet? Fascist Dildo Cabinet?
Because you're God?
FFS get a life DJT. Go back to Las Vegas. Play golf. Build hotels, but stop trying to be POTUS, you're no good at it.
Why wouldn't you discuss this with others so you make the best choices? Oh I get it, it's like a reality game show, clever!
Make things greater for our family. We are tired.
please consider Newt Gingrich for Secretary if State-he is so qualified, intelligent, and has been very loyal -
Cabinets&Draws, on the Dollar Bill Congress is the Kitchen & little bac s mother has a tree that swings people 2 the bottom
@LindaSuhler Dats RIGHT TRUMP boss now
How about the person in Charge of HUD. We are subcontractors and do homes could we tell u about waste enormously bad.
this ISN'T a reality show they are not finalists they are people who could damage or help unite American
Bring God into your country once more.And America will be great Again.The whole world is afraid of your election victory.
PLEASE NO MITT! RUDY, NEWT, HUCKABEE ARE ALL SO MUCH BETTER! LOYAL!
, look at Finland educational system. More equity at home might just be what America needs to be more competitive abroad.
PLEASE DONT TRUST CRUZ OR ROMNEY..PLEASE

You need to apologize to all the people you have offended Me. Trump.
Please no Mitt Romney, the guy is a SNAKE!!!
It's just like 'The Apprentice: America edition'! Last season was much better.
you said drain the swamp,, why Nikki Haley? She is SC's own HRC
OMG! This isn't a tv show! You"re stumped, you don't have a clue, and you're making a mockery of the sanctity of Office.
My congressional signs had your name w/mine in CT2. Hope to serve the Admin again. We need backbones of steel to do the job
Daria fought for Conservative values in CT.  Thank you Daria. #MAGA
congrats! lucky u!
May The Lord be with you and guide you as you deliberate and make these oh so important decisions.
Why don't you just quit! You know you are a discrace to everything American!
pick me, pick me I'll have your back. Down side I'm canadian
Finalists??? You mean like the Apprentice or Ms Universe pageant???  God you are so juvenile.
What is this a Miss USA Pageant!?!?
Dump the Trump and his puppet master Putin.. i have seen wjhere the ones that have voted for him wished they didn't now..
I would hope Christy has a spot somewhere as he is a tough fighter and would be an asset - I hate Sessions! YUK, bad choice
as it should be!
No Cruz No Rommey, they are the swamp.
FOOL

neener, neener, neener
How's that popular vote going?
@kerrywashington @BrandonVDixon @THR @mike_pence Cool! Straight into the issue.
how many "finalists" have been smart enough to decline?
No prosecution for Hillary? That's a travesty!
That is scary!
The finalist? What do you think you're still on the apprentice? You are to much! ha ha ha!
need I say more! For those that actually read detail information that is...
Ron Paul for Cabinet or at least Rand???
Fester Dolt on @NBCNightlyNews talks about Mr Trump's "surprise contenders". How's that for reality show talk??
will there be a televised live rose ceremony when the "finalists" are revealed? What a joke.
please No Romney
I know your picks are for the good of our nation and your feel for people is great thank you Donald J Trump #realamerican
we're praying the Lord is guiding you! 
Prayers are with you!
why are you choosing corporate sell-outs?  You are playing into the hands of the same people who control Hillary.
@veganvecoh MacPherson will be a A+ with BUBBLES.
@realtonybowers Look at all these people bitchin and whining about Not Their President LOL
We all know that you have NO IDEA what you are doing!
Brilliant !  I could not be more pleased how Hillary supporters are acting . It just. Confirms the right choice was made
That is a scary thought!
with all you're tweeting...do you expect to get any work done?
only you know who the finalists are? How do the finalists now if they are finalists then?
Jon huntsman would be a fabulous pick for a cabinet position.
us there room for Condoleeza Rice?
bullshit!! I don't believe one word of it!!you have done nothing to unite- only spread more hate!! Impeachment is coming!!
the God that raised you as the Cyrus of this generation, to defeat all the gang-ups against the Church of God
It's not a beauty contest but I'm sure there's some butt rubbing going on. Trump thinks he's "royalty".
if you put All Secy of State candidates in a house with hidden cameras you would have a great show. Then pick winner
@LindaSuhler White, Blacks, Muslims, Christians, all races & genders vote for you, do nor rush, it is ok!
you know 'they' hate that you won, so now they are going to just spin themselves into the ground about every issue!

what a Fantastic President you are going to be, an answer to prayer!
stay classy.
finalists? It's not a game show, it's my country and our future!
"you are the only one" to screw America up. Keep Tweeting yourself to impeachment.#notmypresident
PLEASE don't hire Romney to be around you. that slimy snake DESERVES to live in Utah.
Finalists? You do realize this isn't a Reality Show. Your decisions could/will cost people their lives. #CinnamonHitler
Finalists?  This isn't a reality or game show! Did you miss that memo?
It is a very hard job hiring 4000 people to FIX all the problems that the Democrats screwed this country up with !!
I trust you when you say you have the best intentions for all Americans. My "liberal" friends are afraid. I say it's ok
On 1/20/17, first order, should be to arrest George Soros for treason and trying to overthrow US Gov.
Who is ahead in the swimsuit portion so far?
Please NOT Mitt Romney for anything, even dog-catcher. PLEASE.
this is not reality tv, they are candidates not finalists.
We LOVE you and elected you, Mr Trump!  Don't EVER let the haters get you down,  together. We'll make America
great again!!
will you include real educators or just billionaires when making US education "great again?"
