Kaine is just like Clinton, they can both smile and lie to your face at the same time.  What a joke!!!!
@FoxNewsLive looks like the media once again protected or tried to protect the Democrats and Clinton team!
@CNNPolitics Obama is adamant that Clinton/Kaine continue his legacy of lies for 4 more years!
I'm curious how Clinton does tonight when she doesn't have the questions in advance??? Curious!!
It's bullshit Obama using tax payers money to fly around campaigning for a criminal, very sad!!!
Sieg heil Der Furher Trump! Herr Trump uber alles!! Sieg! Heil@
why is bad for a model to gain a few extra pounds but ok for a President to be a meat-loaf?
Because the model signed a contract to keep her weight down; the prez did not.
working out at the gym & your boss is laughing at you & calling you names? You wouldn't like it...
the company wanted to fire her. Trump insisted she get a second chance
true sadist, @realDonaldTrump enjoys inflicting pain, physical or otherwise. That, or he's a cowed that..
coward, not cowed.
:-)
So you're finally admitting you're average?
Read it again.
I think you do.
My girls R veryProudOfMe & agreeWithMe that libtards have zero comon sence.They all work hard & R successfull.so F. O.
They might have a fighting chance if they haven't inherited your spelling ability.
listening to @timkaine makes me wanna puke
OMG, what about us "Losers" as you call us.  You are a flaming hypocrite.  You misrepresent Hillary too.
and CALLS them "BAD QUALITY" Americans -- then apologies for only saying HALF
I hate this assholes kaine as bad as I do clinton.god the whole democratic ticket is nothing but liars
the way you did by refusing to pay for labor? tough talk, no walk.
yes she does. Sleeps while Chris Stevens was being drug through the streets.
The ones who actually pay their taxes, mooch?
I'm seeing  biased with this moderator, again.
*bias
Me trump, when you debate that snarky witch Sunday PLEASE talk to the camera and the American people! Ignore her!
Well,well,well!! What a turn of events!!! Where there's smoke there is fire!!
oh this debate is bad...I thought it was VP  debate.
never paid taxes and how did he get 1 billion dollars debt relief. How will you pay the money back #VPDebate Where's the $$
you don't pay income taxes when u have 0 income or loss, it's the law. Don't like it, change law.
that's why @HillaryClinton will get elected so billionaires will pay up
What kind of flag is Kaine wearing on his lapel? It ain't the American Flag
so many of us American citizens Have your back Mr Trump! I am a woman & I trust U over her any day!!
Wondering when you plan to release your tax returns?
Name 1 person you had as a friend Donald Name one of the 100's we'll check
Pretty sure that you, Trump, are referring to yourself.  You & your supporters are bullies.
U so ignorant.HRC said millions of Americans deplorable/basement dwellers. DT only REAL choice.
@realDonaldTrump
ong hillary coddles terrorists. She armed these sobs along with nobama.
oh so well done! She has ice running through her veins.
can't watch the debate. Too busy reading your tweets.
And you smirk at them while you dump your debt on their backs.
hahhaha....Pence just owned Kaine
AND CALLS PEOPLE WITHOUT MONEY A BUCKET OF LOSERS. I GUESS I AM A LOSER CUZ I'M NOT RICH.
Crooked Liar Hillary thinks she's above everyone & the law.Wonder what she has on Comey?Something big I bet
Pency does a lot of head shaking.
The Clintonian & Obamaians caused THE HOUSING CRASH & pushed migrants & citizens into ghettos w their drug dealers.
PAY TAXES, AND THEN U CAN TALK ABOUT US AMERICANS #nevertrump TIL THEN SHUT UR TRAP, AND PAY TAXES, LIAR
PROUD TO BE A DEPLORABLE #MAGA
How many years did it take to get laden lol
nevada loves Trump @TeamTrump
@Mike_Beacham @HillaryClinton #americawithtrump
This moderator sucks.
who needs you commentary! #2minoffame # trumpsucker
The only one that looks like a sucker is you and the porn star mustache.
Nice .. Coming from someone that hides behind the egg! #anothertrumpsucker #uselesscommentary
Grow up, Don.
This moderator needs to stop Tim Kaine form his constant and defensive interruptions!
Can you spell?
Let's play hangman.  You go first:  F  _  _  K     Y  _  U
It has been a year since your hero won, he is a big loser and you must be right next to him...
As a typical mild mannered Trump supporter I will not respond to your unprovoked & imbecile attack that is full of anger, hate & buffoonery!
Have you noticed every time Kaine says "you can't defend this" Pence doesn't even try?
We do.
We all do.
Kain hits below the belt like Hillary...This is not going well. Pence is not fight back
Using Trump's OWN WORDS is hitting below the belt?
Listen to yourself.
shouldn't she be in prison for treason?
Hey Crackpot Orange about to drop out. Looks like you get your asses kicked....again.
This deal's over.

Bill got reelected after having SEX in Oval Office!
won the debate  hands down
Yet I feel betrayed buy Little Donny. Wonder why that is?
must rise above the slung mud Push Real Policy Issues
@karen58Romans Yes Hillary+MSM sneer at US all
Why is Kaine quoting Reagan. I thought he was a democrat. Pence looks presidential
@PatVPeters @HillaryClinton She's shit the whole process up
@KellyannePolls @HillaryClinton Sorry Donald you win that category too.
Kaine can't help it with his shit eating grin
Seems to not have evolved with the "never do better" blacks either...https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CuNDjQKWAAEaiMY.jpg:large …
if wikileaks not main topic we will know 4 sure that debate is rigged
Mrs. Clinton believes most US citizens are "beneath" her to bother...which is why she will lose
#VPDebate #TeamTrumpPA
Get back in your basket.
They have airplanes now!  That's why the navy is smaller!
Tim Kaine looks like an unhinged muppet. He will not stop interrupting. Pence is destroying him
Pay closer attention, ginger.  Pence looks ready for a nap.  Just making you feel trumped.
I know more than Trump, but then so does a 4th grader.
Below average.

@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
He just couldn't take it anymore!
cnn is so biased for Hillary. What a joke. Why even allow them to host.
what is he doing with his eyes
ur boy is losing bigly
why isn't  Pence  attacking Kaine back with all of her corruption!!!
what does D Trump know about average Americans other than how to get out of paying
Republicans ought not participate in these silly simple shit one sided hit jobs, moderator is clearly yet another hit job.
@SpecialKMB1969 @KellyannePolls  called us deplorables on Israeli TV before she did in US. https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=SvVgqO1QAQ4 …
just like KAINE!
You sneer at all Americans
#TinyHandsonepercenter
most of your followers are racist like you from the alt right. Nazis
This is my favorite tweet ever! <3 Tellin' it like it is since DAY NUMBER ONE #BigLeagueTruth #TrumpTrain

- Kaine seems to have gotten that from CH! Kaine hasn't STOPPED SNEERING yet!
Is Kaine actually believing the words that are coming out of his own mouth? He's talking in circles!!!
Below-average Americans, maybe.

Tim Kaine unloads the nasty things that Donald Trump has said on Mike Pence #VPDebate 
what a puppet she has created. I'm am so infuriated twisted words out of context.
You are the prince of darkness. A deplorable racist.
Kaine is reaching into his basket of insults to lie about Trump's past.
https://www.hillaryclinton.com/ 
You were the one sneering on that double-screen last week, Don, rolling your eyes, too. You looked funny.
the below average and average rarely realize who they are - so not insulted.  Wise in their own eyes
Kaine is now talking Science Fiction !
nothing but loaded questions about trump..when do we bring up hillbo baggins lies and corruption?#VPDebate
Pence fails to answer any of the four problems Kaine listed. Yeah I want a VP who stutters under pressure
#Hillary should double down on deplorable- these are not Average Americans, they're bananas. #NeverTrump
spend more time being Presidential instead of a professional Tweeter #VPDebate #Debates2016
Stop. You're embarrassing your children. They just want to stay in the will.
Hillary has nothing but contempt for the citizens.  Marie Antoinette was not malignant, but Hillary is.
No, she sneers at your inflated ego and bigoted ideals.
Knutty Krazy Eyes Kaine: "BEN Lauder is dead". LOL!Recite those lies-- err, lines, KK. Kreepy Klown Kaine
no you di, what the hell us wrong with YOU
PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP
Mr.President. I hope TINY TIM IS WEARING HIS BROWN COURDEROYS TONIGHT FACING OUR GREAT MIKE PENCE!!
Hillary didn't go to ground 0 for 11 days after the planes hit..
how can Kaine say this stuff with a straight face.
nahhhJust the deplorables. Like the rest of us lol
Whereas you mostly sneer at women, minorities, veterans, and the disabled.
didn't say that judge was unqualified.  @HillaryClinton
I am one of the deplorable!
But, I am not as bad as she will ever be!!!
Hillary-respects all Americans. Unlike Trump-disparages all Americans. Pence doesn't even back DT.

u will stick up for 1%ers mr got 14 million from my daddy
Pence is Admiral Stockdale
Mr. Trump, we cannot wait for you to become our President, God bless you and your family sir.
Yes & Trump WILL be a FABULOUS PRESIDENT, CAN'T WAIT! 󾓦
Decreaed threats? Uh?  Kaine is nuts.
Grifter.
you are correct she doesn't care about Amy of us...sad
No fool, sneering at you!
congratulations Donald you've almost equaled the 7% support of blacks. 10% of Latinos now support you. Way to go Donald.
Tim Kaine is a pig.
backstabbed by his own vp, SAD! #VPDebate
Kaine is a puppet! Pence actually has his own voice!
if the basket fits wear it proudly
HRC caused 4 men to get killed and then lied to their families.  She was too busy sleeping
just tell your lie often enough, and loud enough, and someone will believe it

check under the bed, you've lost your marbles!  Your vacation starts in 35 days, enjoy.
trump we need you more now than ever. Please win come November
- Shut up! Adults are talking.
oh, you're looking in the mirror again.
You won't even talk to average Americans
Mike did a great job tonight
great choice for VP Donald.  Mike Pence is awesome!!!!!
Why does Mr. Kaine keep invoking @realDonaldTrump he's supposed to be #VPDebate @GovPenceIN
Nahhh, that's your thing #Trump.
North Korea was given nuclear weapons by Clinton.

not like you did making us pay for your poor business practices
You have no idea what its like to be "average". Mr. I only made 600 million last year. @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton #imwithher
Bengahzi Pence, Bengahzi @foxnews
@KellyannePolls @HillaryClinton Please this from the king of mocking the handicapped, racism and plain ole bullshit. Rlly?
. I love Pence. So classy. Making Caine look like an idiot. He has no substance
I cannot believe Kaine said "we are more safe today" Did that guy read the news today? Russia is a threat.
if that's not calling the kettle black!!!
you sneer at anyone not named Trump or bringing you a taco bowl. Past your bedtime, go to sleep.
You are kidding, right? Your entire life is characterized by you believing you are above everyone else.
Kaine is so pissed his eyes have got bloodshot
Where did killery find this #FOOL??????

sneers at millions of women who also are average Americans #VPDebate #truthisbeaut
Trump thinks Americans are marks for his biggest con, and Pence will forever be stained with Cheeto dust.
Donald @realDonaldTrump  always looks like he just shat his depends and needs Ivanka to change him.
Sure, Donny, in your wettest dream.
"the terrorist threat has decreased because bin Laden is dead." Is he serious?
What about her brother and family controlling the money for Haiti and no one hardly gets any aid.
Kaine thinks terrorism has decreased. He is nuts!
why is kaine getting more speaking time than pence. There is no timer and keeps going
Was HRC on seal team 6 and shoot OBL and I missed it?
STOP AND FRISK and COMMUNITY POLICING don't go together...SNF is POLARIZING and ends cooperation.
Stop and Frisk worked, and is constitutional contrary to Democrat lies.
I'm a proud Deplorable and loyal to American
I'm very proud to Have @realDonaldTrump and very vppp @mike_pence as President and Vice President!!
The #BigLeagueTruth is that #UnfollowTrump worked.
you huff and puff, and look down on immigrants,and go down on only one wink wink #dumbtytrumpty #idiottrump
Tim Kaine stop lying. You are a perfect match for Lyon Hillary.
really....really, says the man who has not paid taxes in 18 yrs. #3amtweeting #VPDebate
deplorables unite! Landslide!
Pence looks like a leader. Kaine is emotionally disturbed and out of control and acts as crazy as Hillary
@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
The receiver box is on Hillary's lower back.With wiring going up her back.Also during the first debate her podium.
Dealing with Kane is like a high school debate. All low shots and lies
Need to stand strong on illegal immigration.  Yes we want them GONE.  ALL GONE!!  That's the law.  No apologies.
Kaine is kicking butt I love it. The Don makes it so easy with his past remarks.DT has got to be embaressed
Trump sneers at millions of patriotic tax payers by calling himself "smart"
What is an "Average American"?
the average Americans you didn't pay after they did work for u
more lies Donald is that all you have Donald is lies you're a pitiful human being man go to rehab for that!
20% or less. YOU said 50% https://youtu.be/HxJSc7ZH570 
she is Hildabeast!
@HillaryClintonwe see your supporters hurl racist tweets and insults, support lies and spread xenophoboa. So, yeah
Poor Pence. He hitched his bandwagon to a loser. (Not that he's a winner himself.)
