Kim bir şey yapmaz bir yaparım dünyada
you are the BEST president ever
The fact that you felt the need to tweet this is absurd
I expect that @MarkBurnettTV actually "conceived" the show and then convinced YOU to be the host.
LIAR!
BULLSHIT
...like the ZERO TIME you spend golfing?  'Cause working so hard for...WHO?  For YOU:  you "have a big stake in it," sure
has NOTHING to do with it but has a big stake in #CelebrityApprentice.
ZERO TIME means not talking, or tweeting about it, or asking for prayers for @Schwarzenegger
Did you really conceive ot or was asked to come onboard with the originator /writers
Except to tweet attack Arnie to improve its ratings BIGLY.
and yet you're STILL promoting it. Stop being a tweeter and be a leader.
isn't having a big steak in it enough?  Free advertisement?
Sure and watch Saturday and drink smoothies. what are your other watch list????
and then you ask to pray for ratings... Lololol
Russian stooge
.@realDonaldTrump "Please ignore the part about having a big stake in it."
interesting you are trying to divert attention away from Russia helping you win the election #distractorincheif
GO TRUMP!
From a Disabled Vet, make America Great Again
SLUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUG
You are a breath of fresh air!!! March forward!
You Are Fired.Haha.
dude have a White House version!   It would be a hit!   
@KellyannePolls "I know Donald Trump very well and I can tell you that work is his work and work is his hobby”.#Apprentice
Will you be getting paid? Residuals? If so, then you do have SOMETHING to do with it!
liar liar liar...your fired...play while you can cause your going 2 be http://impeached.You  don't help the little man being abused
.@realDonaldTrump 
But still get paid?
And "NBC News" coverage no big deal?
Oh, and Comcast/FCC oversight no biggie either?
.@realDonaldTrump 
BTW: 
Russia?
Russia?
Russia?
Russia?
Russia?
Russia?
Russia?
Russia?
Russia?
Russia?
Russia?
Russia?
Russia?
Russia?
he just planned himself well. Give credit where it's due
.@isaacsimbeye @realDonaldTrump 
I can't give credit to he who has made blood sacrifice with Beelzebub to get where he is.
Look at evidence:
.@isaacsimbeye @realDonaldTrump 
3 oldest children are Donald, Eric and Ivanka. 
Rearrange the letters, you get "A Dark And Evil Icon"
.@isaacsimbeye @realDonaldTrump 
He forced TIME magazine to give him devil horns as a signal to his evil master that their time is near
.@isaacsimbeye @realDonaldTrump 
He secretly married his daughter in a ceremony performed by The Illuminati so she can bear the anti-Christ.
we want to concentrate on the good part of him. Obama/Hillary has too much blood . Libya, Syria, Yemen etc
SUCKERS!! ..Talk about being duped 
thats about how i feel when trumpanzees start yelling how he won the popular vote at this point.
emm they're delusional, Fantasy is the place they live.hillary won the biggest pop vote ever! & it's kills them
i cant disagree. but how? genetic, from inbreeding maybe? something airborn? should we worry about it
spreading? an epidemic of idocy til were watering crops with gatorade??? 
well they do love there corn and mash potato's n gravy ..maybe over crop dusted the corn & mash? toxic spillage?
imshouldnt laugh. they need help and protection from the horrors of the world, like a female president...
they need help alright, ironically they need protection from trump,the nitwits r about to lose there S.S & Health
http://liberalsociety.com/mccain-just-stabbed-trump-in-the-back-this-is-the-most-brutal-betrayal-yet/ …

A Republican with some! morals - there as rare as hens teeth to find but there are some

#morals
woot hope he'll join Lindsay into getting the probe out. GO MCCAIN!
A republican with integrity ..Who KNEW!? ..ha!
I know, right? Sadly there's only a few out there amongst idiots. Hope this brings out those to beat  DJT.
yup if they were to just get their heads out of that guy's fat butt, they'd realize that and take him down
#StillWithHer #trumpgrets #TrumpleThinSkin 

Hmmm, America didn't fall apart with the first black president, Fancy THAT!
i hoped obama would be a good presdent.  After 8 years i cant say he was.  Obamacare was focal point
if you really believe that then you republicans really need mental health intervention, ridiculous statement
#recount2016 #AuditTheVote #notmypresident #grabyourwallets #TrumpFraud #StillWithHer #trumpgrets #TrumpleThinSkin
Hahaha with a loser :)
hahaha what a deplorable :)
That's why she lost. Calling hard working Americans deplorable and dividing this nation = LOSS
stinks I like the old days w you n your kids
Liberals still crying. Too funny.
Then you don't deserve the title. You're producing nothing but anxiety, economic instability, and hate crimes.
Nobody watches it   #lowratings
time is not equal to investment, comrade.
Except the amount of time you have and will continue to tweet about it.
No one with a brain in their head is concerned. Keep up the hard work! #MAGA
...And only people with brains realize he just contradicted himself.  Don't follow blindly in Hell.
Donald you MUST quit trying to answer the lamestream media's criticisms. FOCUS on important things. Join Gab.ai!
please dont hands full with usa.     Go trump
"have a big stake in it." Funny, i thought you didn't have stake in anything other than the presidency anymore?
America can't wait until "you're fired!"
You're #fired. You go back to #Russia, #traitor.
Now This Is Funny
Is Not It?
Not as funny as this: #FirstSnowflake
you wouldn't know policy if it smacked ur uggo face. Get bent.
by better you mean more than yes, if by quality than definitely no.
okaaaay! You keep that going.
yeah right just as there's no conflict of interest w yr being president and yr businesses.where r #taxreturns?
until you tweet how much it sucks after the first episode 
Dude. Stop tweeting. You're like 75 and the President Elect. And quit crying about @AlecBaldwin. Who voted for this clown?
we miss u.  but u have more pressing things!  thanks for keeping it on the air!!!
is that because you're too busy watching SNL once a week?
how's this promise going for you?
I assume that means other than the time you spent on it today, or now.
I devoted ZERO TIME to that silly little show too!!!  Woot! Woot!  It's always been a mean spirited, LAME show.
Hey remember this promise? Spent time obsessing over ratings while dismissing intel briefings? Sad misplaced priorities.
what happened to this promise?
#TrumpFraud #trumpgrets

Looks like Trump is NOT even going to enjoy 1 day in the whitehouse - Maybe the jail house 

.
If you have a big stake in it, then why badmouth it? Shouldn't you be encouraging people to watch? WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU??
You're a fraud.
Delete your account. Trump won. Get over it.
- did he though?  Did he really? How ironic that his legitimacy will always be questioned like he did to Obama?
The electoral college was the one thing everyone said he couldn't win. Ironic that he did.
-and not the popular vote.  So I question his legitimacy- my right. You don't have to like it, none of ur business
1) u replied to me 2) Obama is my president until January and I accept that regardless of if I liked him or not.
- I did because you apparently believe in your own right to free speech, but not others. My pt which was lost on u
you have the right, doesn't mean it's not pointless
By "nothing to do" you mean "everything to do" since you have a huge stake in it...
can you explain to me why it matters if he is involved in the apprentice or not? I don't see why it matters
maybe he would be better off spending his time attending security briefings. 4 out of 31. Fail.
you realize that having a "big steak" in something means you're involved with it right?
Can you address the financial arrangement you have regarding the show? Will you receive payments in connection with it?
Payment isnt the only problem, there is still potential 4 influence, conflict.as potus, divest any conflicts
still have time to tweet about it.  Shouldn't you be doing something for Mike Pence?  Like pretending you're in charge?
You might want to tell Kellyanne that. She herself stated that you would be working on it in your "spare time."  #resist
you are depressing
You have a BIG stake in it means you have EVERYTHING to do with the Apprentice. UR lies R blatant. #NotFoolingAny1 #Treason
Merry Christmas!
you have a big stake in it, but nothing to do with it? Does that make sense to you?
That's not even what @KellyannePolls has said. Get your shit story together.
Then you need to tell Kellyanne because she thinks you do and was defending you doing it!
then step down completely and let your ego go on being part of this show that was failing anyway
oh you're a liar!
having a "big stake" in something means you have a part of it. Where is this so-called "good brain" of yours? #Idiocracy
Not true! You were an apprentice to your daddy. # LockHimUp!
Pretty much like you are planning on devoting zero time to the presidency, national security, etc. Go away.
You are a Lair, you will... but your votes want see it coming. Till too late, Stop lying Trump....STOP.. GOD PLEASE.
WE ARE NOT THE ONES CONTROLLING HIM
dis tweet is devoting at least 3 min 69 seconds of your time to the #apprentice. And reading my reply to ur tweet = .69 sec
what happens if you are at one of your properties and a crises in the country unfolds.  We want your undivided attention
Aw-here we go! SMH!
We all know that @realDonaldTrump is a useless, ignorant, figurehead. Sad!
we know Pres Trump we dont listen to the LYING MSM we get are news from you & your team
good thing. Bc according to @FoxNews in 2010 you were terrible http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2010/09/30/trump-sure-pick-em-apprentice-winners-sorry-track-record.html …
kind of like how you devote zero time to facts or racist ideals?

I think President Apprentice, you put Runners in diff situations, such as Oil, Gas, Electric, see who comes out on top!
you SHOULD CALL FOR REELECTION AFTER THE RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE.  IF YOU ARE A REAL LEADER BUT WE KNOW YOU ARE NOT.
How it feel to hav trump tell u he no longer needs ur VOTE anymore.I'm other words "now Piss off"
what i just read is "i have nothing to do with the apprentice except for everything to do with the apprentice"
Ya, right. Too busy using office to line your pockets with more $, while appointees tear the country apart. Thanks much.
Americans being attacked in the name of Trump and all you can talk about is The Apprentice
This is your great leader LMFAO
@asutt I can't see any of his tweets now without just dying
And pocket a huge paycheck,not to mention that the show is on a major network and ethical implications of such FRAUD
LIES.
Donny, are you still thinking that people believe you are a billionaire? Prove it. SAD
anyone defending his Russian connection & his denial of CIA intelligence have no fucking right to call themselves patriots
are you sure? might be a fun way to kill 4 years!
Bullshit... I think that's how you're going to choose the VP for your next term: The Apprentice: Presidential Edition...
The last one you fired was the madam secretary
you are elected president by the Russians
you didn't conceive it.  You were approached to star in it.
I loved The Apprentice.  That's too bad.  Once your impeached, I hope to see you back on the show.
That's rediculous.
Your spending time about it right now you twatwaffle
(bullshit)  #excuseme @realDonaldTrump
first priority in the ppl of the united States & whatever u do in ur  free time is ur's!! @ItsRickOhio
So did you buy this big stake at a grocery store and put your name on it too?
the best NEWS  is from the source himself.. America! so caught up in media.....that is why they are lost souls
Add Chrome extension realdonaldcontext to counteract his lies.
To @realDonaldTrump #FACT REMEMBER GOD DON'T LIKE UGLY!
"nothing to do with it" and "a big stake in it" -OXYMORON
you need locked up Hillary won this election.
not what your soulless girl @KellyannePolls said.  Who's lying and who's truthing?  Probably neither
like NBC doesn't want to have anything to do with you!
trump thinks everyone is dumb enough to believe him.
Happy Holidays 
maybe to the show but hopefully to thousands of apprentices needing to start jobs in the US !
your ego is sooo big... just NEED your name in one more thing? Have you no humility? You are an embarrassment!
haha like you avoid your daily Intel briefings that contain information about the Russians helping you win the election
Past is gone,  tomorrow is Presidency time.   2005 Hurricanes hit,  FEMA aid,  Obama now taking money back.
Sure...like bringing Arnold right after election 2 keep the machismo totally successful brilliant businessman persona going
Making plenty of money. Conflict of interest.
I loved the show Mr. Trump. You were great!
Merry Christmas to you and your family! Best Wishes!
I love how you can project disregard alongside "Oh, by the way, I was in it and I made it, but that's neither here nor there."
I was wrong to say I have ¨nothing to do¨ with it, since I will have a financial relationship with NBC/MGM.  #TrumpIsUnfit
will always be an apprentice. Loser.
I am the ultimate apprentice looking to be taken seriously only in USa could a guy like me be a guy like me oink oink
Can we quote you on that?
Ignore the Libtards! We love you, Mr. President!
please devote time to getting Putin's balls off of your face.
YOUR "BIG STAKE" IN THE APPRENTICE IS THE PROBLEM. ONE OF "TOO MANY TO TRACK"
you should give up all of your steaks in all of your investments if you really want to serve your country properly goofball
You are note an apprentice anymore. You are The President. Vive le Presdent!!! Alleluilla!!!!
Dummy it's the big stake that matters..
yeah right. Can't believe a pathological liar.
Be A President!!!!!
you'll soon wish U never ever dreamed up this nightmare that you're going to be living & wish U were back where U were 
when you have nothing to do with our government, then we will all be better off.
trump, for the love of country, Resign.
I'm enthralled with your inadequacy for this job. Please block me, King Orange Julius!
... and you are building your government on the same principles.
"Putin's Puppet" #notmypresident
lies
We will be watching you!
Little victories...

Guilty!
and that is your right. MSM shut up with your bias.
Then get out of it I looks really bad.
Do you ever *not* lie? Like, ever?
how can you have a big stake in it and have nothing to do with it. Stupid man.
#realnewsfromPETrump! Love you MrPresidentElect!!
I just want to see if you do what I say you will and leave Hillary out of it you got enough on your plate 
you should really focus on it full time and just resign. The Apprentice needs you so much more than this country does.
Quit pissing on our shoes while you're telling us it's raining!
- Do u understand "blind trust?"  It's clear u don't bcuz ur children r running the business & there is CLEARLY a conflict!
im glad u tweet n hope u continue to do so during preidency. U call "them" out. Mel from indiana
So, Kellyann Conway is a liar?
liar
tell that to your staff. Everyone also saw you spell steak and rediculous. For knowing the best words, how about spelling?
Keep MSM edge, do cameo shows  "You're Fired" segments. Can't beat getting Fired by the POTUS. HOPE IT happens in Govt too
"a big stake in it"
always enjoyed it,  trying to out wit the teams by thinking of the best solution to their choices in my mind.
go back to reality tv. actually, don't. just go away.
Who cares
I was wondering what Asylum you have Giuliani in I wanted to send him a note
u must learn fast the art of diplomacy n politics. U r creating a poor image of the nation n of WH.Drop ur bombastic style
So if I have NOTHING to do with watching it, and hope it never airs, or is cancelled, you are hurt financially?  Great!
LIAR, LIAR YOU'RE HAIRS ON FIRE!  #TrumpleThinSkin
well @Lord_Sugar is the real true legend of the apprentice. Alan is a top bloke and a legend.
LIAR!
So @KellyannePolls lied?? Why did you ask her to lie? http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/donald-trump-work-celebrity-apprentice-spare-time-adviser/story?id=44089485 …
The phrase "Stake in Something" literally means that you have something to do with something.
really? You just spent transition time on it.
and leave him alone
But @KellyannePolls said you would. Are you calling her a liar?
he'll do his presidency in his spare time. I think we'd rather prefer that. #StayBusyWithApprentice
