Idiot much?
WW3.... It will be all your fault.

Or use the money for stopping world hunger! OMG!
Honestly @HillaryClinton would’ve been a better president... right...? Idk...
Common sense=NO NUKES ANYWHERE!!
Another statement that reeks of unfathomable stupidity.
Better off focusing on serious high energy physics based laser systems and build anti missile systems we already have tech. 4 in mean time
And there's no reason to keep this idiocy of allowing Russia/China the ability to also destroy us! Build high energy anti missile tech now!
Utterly self-contradictory
Annihilating the planet 50 times over is waaaaay better than only 25 times over. Look at the big ol' brain on you!
Can you just shut the hell up?
You're really, really, over compensating.

Dear Donald Trump. You're new to this so here's a list of things to tweet about instead of nuclear weapons.

1.) Literally anything. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/811977223326625792 …
Judas Trump still does not understand that it doesn't matter that you have the capability to destroy the world several times over as once, just once is enough.

He probably has a safe place for the highest payer saving the rich and later rebuild the world in their image the want if not why are they allowing this fuckery to continue #TrumpRussia #25thAmendmentNow
My God, stop- just stop. You’re not making it any better or professional.
Si piensan que no es amenaza yo pensaría que piensan mal.
Get another job.
Yes "the world" needs to come to its senses. Not you... the world. Okeee.
Do you really feel this is keeping your citizens safe? It sounds like kindergarten taunts with real lives at stake instead of elbow jostling. You are threatening the lives of all Americans just to prove you have bigger hands.
The “button” needs taken away from you until such time as you become sane and rational. Second Tuesday of never. #ILLEGITIMATE #INSANE #INCOMPETENT
You're the only one in the world, besides Kim Jung Un, who needs to come to his senses regarding nukes. Unfortunately for you, that ship has sailed. #25thAmendmentNow
Perhaps you could lead by example and come to your senses first.
Please dear god, build a wall around this fool! I’m talking about u DT.
Did you ever read about the nuclear arms race? And how the cost of it wrecked the economic balance? And the outcome came close to destroying the world? #1 at Wharon my ass. #NoMoreTrump #25thAmemdmentNow
This is terrifying.
Uhhhhh Look I’m not trying to discount you or anything. But we have enough WMD to cover the world in a toxic cloud of radiation that would slowly eradicate all life on earth, Mr.President.
@Twitter @TwitterSupport Surely, threatening thermonuclear war is against you TOS.
Hmmm.  When do you plan to come to your senses?
Please stop tweeting!
You are putting all lives at risk. Including
Your families.
You would gain respect by resigning.
America and the World does not have time for you to come to your sences. Your a Menace to Mankind with your Delousional thinking. Time you leave Office. Your Incapable of making rational Decisions. Not a Game.  @HouseGOP @SenateGOP It's Time to Remove Trump. Do your Jobs.
Ya, because we all don’t have enough already !! FFS
Please come to your senses first
What the actual fuck dude?
You just seeing that? Pretty messed up, huh?
Ugh.
You troglodytes live underground, right? Take me back with you.
I don't know if I can dig deep enough, fast enough.
That's the realest thing I've heard since this garbage fire of an administration took office.

Go home
ios la irresponsable afirmación de quien tiene tanto poder

Lie much?  In these times of technology,count on it.. there are tapes!!! Recorded FOREVER.
your statement last year seems to agree with the @nbcnews story that you want more nukes
We have treaties with other countries stating we will not expand number of nuclear weapons. I would feel better if fake president knew that
Oxymoron in chief
I am not a great fan of his, but I do not believe that he is either an ox or a moron.
Dr Frank Yeruham Leavitt,
ISRAEL
On nuclear buildup, are you insane? Honest question
Idiot much?
Sense? Sir, you have little sense, common or otherwise and the sooner you are put out to pasture, the better for all of us.
an oldie but a goodie. do you want more or not? we the people do NOT. #resist
O course LIDDLE LIAR DONNY TWO-SCOOPS now LIES saying he'd NEVER call for more nukes EVER.

Liar.
#LiddleLiar

"United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability" #RealDonaldTrump own words Dec 22 2016 ^^^^^
"Recent reports that the president called for an increase in the US nuclear arsenal" Trump even tweeted this ^^^^
Hurry and save this old tweet before Trump deletes it.
Seems tweet history keeps biting in the ass. Guess your words don't apply now
Mr. Trump, you are insane and need to resign.
Now he's calling NBC news fake because they reported that Trump asked for a 10-fold increase in nukes. Doesn't seem like much of a stretch..
so #liarinchief u said wanted to expand it. mayb did didnt say 10x's although sourced very well but why deny u said want do it. #magaIMPEACH
SO, WHAT ABOUT THIS THEN????
U R insane.
Ah, so you have said we should expand our nuclear capability. Maybe you forgot about this tweet.
Apparently you said this at one time @realDonaldTrump.
You're old and senile.
Please, Trump, we're BEGGING you to sue NBC. You'll be laughed out of court.
Can someone print a copy of this and give it to Mattis it seems to be relevant to his little press release
You tweeted it then and discussed it with Tillerson now. #truthmatters #1stAmendment #FreePress
Why don't WE, the USA come to our senses re: nuclear?  Fund infrastructure instead of nukes
This tweet aged well 
Is this when you didn't say you wanted to increase our nuclear capabilities? Fake news=@realDonaldTrump #FakeNews #FakePresident
Moronic statement. World coming to its senses means decreasing global nuclear arms, not escalating the arms race leading to annihilation.
remember saying this?  Freedom of the press, pls read & learn the constitution 1st amendment
The irony of this statement.
Guess you don't remember this, huh? I took a screenshot...so deleting won't help!
incorrect
Bump
And then he denies he ever said he'd expand nukes.
We already have the arsenal to destroy the world 10X over. What is needed is to modernize it!
Nothing highlights your lunacy better than this. God help us all 
If just one conventional missile gets through to your greatly strengthened nuclear capability, USA will fry bigger. Do it big Donald.
We can kill everyone in the world 300 times already. The second time is unnecessary. Tillerson was right.
#45 lived through the 60's, during the USSR and USA nuclear competition. Where was he in 80's and 90's when we're trying to reduce arsenals?
REMEMBER THIS TWEET YOU SENT DEC 22 2016? BELIEVE ME---TRUMP LIES!!!
We tried that once before, you dolt. If you knew any freakin' history at all, you'd know this.
You couldn't be more wrong.
what sort of logic is that?
Moron should read treaties that have kept us from nuclear wars for decades
Hey, Sir, you sent this tweet! Explain why we should not hold you accountable? #ImpeachTrumpNow
We can blow the entire world up 37x over! Wish you could buy a clue!
You are the only country to have used nukes . Quite frankly I think the world should be banning you lot from owning any weapons , period .
how about you coming to your senses like in right about NOW ?!!
No Mr President.
end nuclear capabilities and rid the world of certain disaster 
We need to expand our defense thru laser !
The disaster known as the Trump administration is in a downward death spiral!
USA Mr. President have many enemies. Islamic states. Cuba, Venezuela, Nicaragua. Some European socialist governments.
scary how ignorant the hippies are in this thread! deterrence doesnt work if we dont stay current.  NORK, iran, and more getting nukes
Why do we need more nuclear weapons. There is a reason that we are the only country to ever use nuclear weapons against another country.
Wonder what the @FBI and @RepAdamSchiff and @TYTPolitics Think of these facts? Hmmm yea, Trump you're compromised! #ImpeachTrump
No worries you're son snitched on you in 2008 so You can't be mad at him in 2017 Can you? LOL!!! 
You're a Crook! And a Liar! @realDonaldTrump
@RogithVGS அப்புறம் ஏன் RT பண்ணுறீங்க 
டுவிட்டருக்கு புதுசா ப்ரோ :)
நானா ?  பல நாட்களை இங்குதான் இருக்கிறஎன் !! 
He is going to get us all killed because he wants to play G.I. Joe all of a sudden.
"We must make more nukes so there will be no nukes!"
Ur tweet illustrates Ur appalling lack of sense abt nukes, fool! #buffoon #mostunpopularpresidentEVER
Why don't you put your money where your mouth is and lead the dismantle movement?
Some petulant children should learn not to speak about their irrational mental constructs without deep adult contemplation
 If U have a death wish.thats ur problem.go blow Ur own brains out!! We wont let u turn us all 2 soup bcus U R insane !!
And we must wage WAR until the world comes to its senses regarding war. Circular reasoning from an old man who hates life.
YOU ARE A SICK MAN GET HELP
I seriously find you dangerous.  Stop your bullshit and start partnering with people smarter than you.
your throne is porcelain
I guess President Trump likes protestors because there is going to be some protesting about this bad idea.
Does President Trump ever confer with any government experienced official's advice & listen?
we need to increase our stockpile,moderenize it,Russia already is ahead and has broken the reduction treaty.
Hitler had said the same about the expansion of his army to bring peace. We know the rest...
This is probably the dumbest and most destructive thing you've tweeted so far.  And that's saying a lot!
quick, everybody take your bomb shelters out of mothballs; builders get ready for massive orders for new bomb shelters
rely on Hashem not on your own strength..
How stupid can you possibly be?? The world has spent decades trying to reduce nuclear weapons.  Step away from your phone!
Or at such time that we come to our senses about you. I know u know all the best words. Do you know this one? Impeachment
YOU have to come to your senses, not the world. #nucleararmsrace
but...WHY donald? You already have more than enough to blow up the entire earth AND the moon..with enough left for funsies!
Yes You Can! If the Russians have the power to destroy earth 4 times, the US must have the power to do it 6 times!
This is literally the most retarded thing I've ever read
maybe just maybe @realDonaldTrump, you must come to your senses and get out of the White House now. You are a total loser, huge
Can you tell us World citizens why? The US already has the most nukes. Is this to compensate for something?
You are the world, time to come to senses and make the diffrence! Dont start the nucleair race again!
the world is insane because of men like you
be the first one to come to your senses and stop expanding!
come on ppl.  Stop trying to keep trump from getting America all the nice jobs building one bomb.
I can hardly wait for 2018 when the Democratic Senate and Congress will give you back the same medicine the Obama got!
forget about nukes! Military needs newer technology! That's how to build it up. But stupid is as stupid does.
hard to believe we live in the same country John.  Glad you have your gun though.  Hope you feel safer.
You are 100% right! God bless, you and your family and adminsration thanks,Jerry Eads and family (can we have a signed pic?
is this what #PresidentBannon told you to do . stop listening to him #ImpeachTrump #JokePresident #Grabyourwallet
, mutual atomic destruction isn't a win for anyone. Perhaps some history and an arsenal inventory would help you understand?
sure why not. then they will and in the END it won't matter who did what or when cause we will all be dead. f**cked up!
Sickening
Uugh...really? More nukes? As the world comes to it's senses? Sounds like VoOdOo talk to me.
it was only yesterday we were explaining the definition of oxymoron to a GCSE English student. Im sending him this example.
Expanding nukes to bring World to its senses makes as much sense as walking your grandma in the middle of a busy freeway.
Oh yeh this is the "good guy with a nuke to compensate for a bad guy with a nuke." That works!
@potus
You really need to to choose a Twitter account to address the world this should have come from your POTUS acct!!!!
lol so we keep building nuclear weapons until everyone else stops? #deadbeatdonald
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @CNN
, definitely a big NOPE! You're too bat-shit crazy for more nukes at your disposal.
until such time as the citizens of the great Republic of the USA, comes to its common senses & removes you from office.
