I feel that the General is one of the finest.leaders we have had. It's my impression that he,was set up by Obama to fail.
hillary is such a liar!
we are ready to help you and our military to take back our country,can't wait to make america great again!
two men known to not keep their mouths shut while cheating
epochtimes or NTD is also the media that predicts you will be able to win from the very beginning on the election
Dear Mr Trump, please read the newspaper epochtimes  that is the one support you all the time before selection
.@realDonaldTrump so were a lot of his subordinates and other Republicans that wrote his name in for POTUS.
he's a great man,look forward to 20th Jan,look after http://UK.Love  you for getting jobs for USA people.
hope Santa brought you some clues so you won't be so Clueless
Fake President,  Your actions speak louder than your words,  Grow Up.
#petraeus is your best option to replace Flynn and to stop the internal leaks, this would be smart option for @POTUS
You should call him now before you destroy the world.
that's good
I'm glad that you are out amongst them. Happy new year president elect Trump.
If Hillary won the presidency, she would wage war against Russia & its allies. I want NO more wars!!!!
did you show him your easy purple heart?
he plead guilty to taking classified files so his mistress could use that info to write a book. National disgrace!
NO, He forgot to take them Home! And are any of You better? When your down and out, it's easy to make a mistake! SOME TIMES IT HAS A WAY OF WAKING YOU UP AND MAKING YOU A MUCH BETTER PERSON THAN YOU THOUGH YOU COULD BE! THANK GOD AND MARCH STREIGHT AHEAD!
Me too. That he was convicted of sharing classified info & got a slap on the wrist. LOCK HIM UP!
gfff you Q
Zzzzzzzz...
It is very impressive to reveal state secrets to some chick you're fucking. Apparently you're planning to follow suit?
you mean General Betrayus?  He took a plea deal.
So, the President-elect is impressed by traitors? Is Edward Snowden going to be nominated to your cabinet?
He gave secrets to his mistress. Very impressive.
Shared classified docs. Lied to FBI. Adultery in mil. but missed court martial. Seems to be #yourkindofguy #mysogynist
of course u were. He's an adulterer and can't keep a secret
Of course you were. He divulges classified information and cheats on his wife. You guys have soooo much in common @realDonaldTrump
Yeah, I'm impressed too. It takes one heck of a man to give state secrets to the woman with whom he's having an affair. Sad
so the fact that he mishandled classified information isn't an issue for you anymore?
# Perseus ROCKS
They have a name for filling the cabinet with military....it's called a JUNTA.  We have laws to prevent that.
did you remind him that you know more about ISIS than the generals?
gave up military secrets doesnt bother you seemed to when hillary did
I guess it's ok to give up National Security secrets to Naked Women only. So unfair! Biased guy!
That’s great! Truly apologize 4 idiotic Mrmns like Rotten Romney, Glenn Beck, S.O.B. Harry Reid.They don’t live truthfully!
I assumed you would want to lock him up!
f&$k Patraeus!
yes he has brains not a fraud!!
Petraeus gave up classified information LOL I think I need to puke now.
Did you ask #Petraeus about his leaked emails about Israel scheming with neocon warmonger Max Boot?
you do know he is a traitor ..dont you?
you mean the guy who gave his mistress classified info? Is this real life???
the guy who actually leaked state secrets you're impressed by. The woman who didn't you called corrupt. Dear god, Donny!!!
yes, Donny, but you'd be impressed by Ronald McDonald so...
Huntsman great for Sec of State smart speaks Chinese and backs your phone call with Taiwan
that was the most intelligent tweet I've read from you.  No substance but you didn't sound like idiot.
Who cares

Impressed with the same  scandal Clinton went thru
the criminal who gave government secrets to his mistress...birds of a feather flock together.
Really, & you supported Hillary?
at which part ? The codes and secrets he gave to his gf ? Or the classified material he stuffed in his attic ? Hypocrite !
You would be impressed with a traitor who can't keep it zipped up
& thinking that # Dr C would be better fit in a Health Setting, not PaperPushing( He & Petraus cd work to
@realDonaldTrump @janeadamswatts
@janeadamswatts  U hv great People 2 place well. no Gen Pet as Sec State ( secrets will float on& on ) Place # Dr C in VA H
@janeadamswatts  do think the # BEAU BERGDAHL Situation is important to our Military:suggest  to Pres O.Pardon is a # N !
@janeadamswatts  Have always been impressed with # Amber JOHN BOLTON / he Wd be Wonderful Sec State & handle eXpertly yes!
@janeadamswatts  No on Gen Pen/ he will always carry the Secret Frivolity..maybe, another post( not Appointing # Directors
@janeadamswatts  just sayin' / do not think Gen P is right for State Sec/so many many Appointments & secrets he gave#danGer
I bet he wasn't. You are a liar and a cheat.
SOS: Oh, give them a co-chair.
.
...or one SOS and the other two top candidates for Deputy SOS. It'd be a great team.
.
Did U tell him any secrets?
Mitt Romney won't have your back and shouldn't be trusted!
Please don't choose Mitt Romney, he didn't have the best interest of the people, the GOP or you with his actions!
@sohnus your voters are a bit stunned since he's the one who's missing 1000 email and transferred emails to Clinton
what? Do tell. Were you impressed with the woman he banged by showing her his classified documents?
That was General Petraeus, dumbass.
yeah, I asked Trump if he was impressed by Petraeus' mistress. Hot piece of ass. Totally worth parole.
you know Barack Obama is the one with the power to indict right now, right?
yeah, his classified emails were a big hit around the world.
http://townhall.com/tipsheet/mattvespa/2016/11/29/gen-petraeus-reenlisting-to-push-gun-control-n2252100 …
please don't add Mick Romney to your cabinet
because he's so good at keeping secrets. good choice....NOT.
Did you share stories about mistresses?
Hypocrite
So not only did Petraeus do worse stuff than Clinton did, but he also designed middle east policies you say you hate. Sad!
figures a guy that cheats on his wives thinks a man that shares classified docs w his mistress is qualified for Sec of St
doesn't take much to impress you. bunch of old guys with no moral guiding star.
he passed classified info to his girlfriend. get your flying monkeys chanting lock him up
Impressed by the guy who let his mistress have hundreds of top secret classified docs?   UR a special kinda stupid,
As Vet of Desert Storm I attest to his Brilliance Must Have as Sec of State
Hypocrite!
He is a rock solid decent man. Don't let idiot minions sway u. He KNOWS the cruelty done to my only child @SammyTheSadSack
Now hire him! He knows....
pleeaase Lord Emperor Trump, no @MittRomney .Plz keep his dark mittens far away from us. He tried to demean you too much
yeah side with someone who broke security policy but threaten Hillary all election long. #draintheswamp my ass
Might be good to meet with Condoleeza as well
What happened to your caring about protecting classified information. #hypocrite
was he?
I bet he wasn't dunderkopf
LOCK HIM UP!
he probably can't say the same.
did his parole officer attend as well?
Did you clear it with his probation officer?
Didn't Petraeus have an email scandal worse than Clinton's?
isn't he on parole or something?
I'll bet you were. Will be be wife 4 you dick head
Yes me too. Isn't he the general who gave state secrets to his lover. Indeed impressive!
@realDonaldTrump
merry x-mass mr press
GEEZ, IMPRESSED BY HIS HISTORY WITH CLASSIFIED INFORMATION MAYBE? #TheSwampThatDrumpfReFilled
nothing in the news about hillarys emails since the election either.....things that make you go...hmmmmm.
impressed with his email use?
Oh, yeah, the guy who was convicted of giving away state secrets. I bet you were impressed.
So excited with all the good your doing! 
Check him out real good. https://youtu.be/VohSsKgtJhA 
Look up Walter-McCarran Act of 1952. Just what you need to implement your immigration problem. Last used by Jimmy Carter.
did u have 2 clear w/probation officer? MayB u 2 can take a class on married men shouldnt have girlfriends
Impressed at the pussy Patraeus hit is more like it.
does he have a sizable schlong. i know that's a sensitive issue for you
Hope he gave you advice about sharing info with mistresses.
Oh yeah Petraeus, who  gave his mistress classified information in an email. But HRC and that private server. #hypocrite
pardon him & then give him a job!

"@AnnieClarkCole: How can anyone vote for Hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. She is not to be trusted."
and I'M impressed by how every day you grow more and more clinically insane!  Dystopia, here we come
a very impressive adulterer.
umm he knowingly gave his mistress classified info.  How big a hypocrite are you, really?
glad his parole officer let him leave his house for a day
Yes  Petraeus for Sec of State- NOT Corker or Romney!
Didnyou discuss him giving secret info. To his side girlfriend?
because he served our country and you didn't?
how can you consider Romney Sec of St because of work with Bain capital, they moved jobs to China when Romney ran for Pres
hey remember when he was prosecuted for spilling secrets? Oh that's not a problem now? #doublestandard
So Hillary was a crook thats all you ever said, but Petraeus you're impressed with #Donaldisaconman
You are aware he can't keep his mouth shut with govt. secrets.  Oh wait, neither can you.
QUIT NOW!
You are a hypocrite.Look up what that means.Also compare what you accused Hillary of & what Petraeus actually did. Shame.
Why?
#realDonaldTrump You're impressed with your daughter's tits--so this isn't very impressive at all.
He has also had some email issues, you might have heard of them. SHAME
You're impressed with your daughter's tits--so this isn't very impressive at all.
General Petraeus is a great guy and has shown true patriotism. Love to see him in some roll in your administration.
Convicted Felon, a cheat, like you are. Cannot be trusted w/govt. docs. ALL of UR cabinet pics have disturbing Reputations!
I'm sure he was very unimpressed with you. Every rational person I know certainly is.
Why you would meet with General Petraeus that has the same problem as Hillary, to a lesser extent, is puzzling #Trump
And I'm sure he had to take a shower after meeting you.
Rudy would be EXCELLENT as SOS !! Good, TOUGH man !!
hope you didn't hand him anything classified.
The guy who gave his mistress state secrets.
There is a place for this General.  He is the real deal and a great patriot.
was his parole officer with him
Match made in prison! Better concede before its too late. Bob Barker doesn't provide tailor service. Concede
oh great, impressed with the guy who actually was indicted and convicted of sharing classified material. Hypocrite
Sure, Petreaus. And HRC's emails were such a scandal.
Guilliani or petreaus for sos
NOT ROMNEY-DRAIN THE SWAMP
SICK THAT U MIGHT GIVE
ROMNEY SOS POSITION.NONONO
Not Romney for Secy of state
You said drain the swamp STAY TRUE TO CAUSE
Petreaus or Giulliani
Petraeus is a good choice, a lot of people respect and still love him.
The General that you claim to know more about ISIS than? Sad!
did you know he leaked classified information to his mistress. Shouldn't we lock him up?
#Trumpgret whoever flatters you pleases you.
hopefully his probation officer will let him leave his state. Great pick, Don. NOT!
I hope Mr Trump will find a place for gov. Marry Falan of OK.
are you impressed by everyone with larger hands than you or...?
Interesting that Petraeus also had issues with classified emails.
yup, you sure are draining the swamp..haha!
a guy selected by God and I think a real great US president is coming and you will help all over the world and europe
do keep in mind he gave his girlfriend access to secret intel.
isn't he the one who gave classified emails to his mistress?
many and me are scared that he is a nazi-neocon.  
Dont want neocons to eat you.
Was his probation officer there?
apparently you don't care about people's ability to keep confidential things a secret after all....
Stop stringing him along with your silly games. Just pick Senator Whatshisname already
What? The ONE WHO LEAK CONFIDENTIAL INFO WHILE SLEEPING W/ RPTR. HE BETTER CAREFUL.. LOOSE LIPS SINK SHIPS
Itd be cheaper to build that stupid wall out of the lies, hypocrisy, and stupidity that comes out of your mouth. Seriously
wasn't he like Hillary accused of jeopardizing national security? Don't want to lock him up?
With a parolee?  You're easily impressed it seems!
Thats great sir, "America first"
The man is on probation for what you tried to crucify HRC for. Can you not see your hypocrisy!!!!
General Petraeus has our vote, we are a military family. Strong and trust worthy people. Shame on Obama for do him wrong.
Of course! He had an affair and divulged USA secrets? You got IT WRONG AGAIN! Your picks bad for AMERICA, for rich!
Some how I think your impressed by anyone you meet. Especially shaking all those big hands!
Wow! You are impressed by this guy?  He is on Parole for his crimes!
You might as well select Hillary as Petraeus.
sharing classified information with your mistresses?
The cheater and traitor?
You are building a presidential dream team,Awesome way to go !!!
Lead and we will follow, A man of his word and Leader Petraeus should receive a Pardon so that he will be free to serve us
aren't you worried about his ability to handle classified info. Or are mistresses in the "loop?"
