Well you sure would recognize a disaster wouldn't you there Small Paws?
Quite the contrary - still kicking your ass
CNN just dug up your interviewer for Esquire magazines. Another Hillary smoke screen for her choices.
and well she should!
Hillary Clinton is trying her best to make all Americans look like fools!
How do you really feel!?!?!
Clinton camp and media are wasting Americans time on a bunch of B.S. !
Turn the other cheek tonight, Donald. How you talk to the allegations? I am a reformed Christian, because you are!!
Go Donald! Praying for you!
take oil fields lol you are no leader and there are no people
pretty sure you get decimated by the media daily. A strong woman like Hillary can handle it once, big guy.
All these tweets attacking Hillary rather than promoting your policies. Almost as if you've got nothing to say.
You all know Hilarious Billary Clinton is sexy n hot. Note: if you're legally blind!!
@ddallessandro1 seriously do you ever look at your own press coverage
Donny Boy came across as a Putin lover, stupid enough to be taken in by a compliment from Putin, "so I'll say nice things "
HERE YOU SAY DECIMATED. THEN YOU SAY THE MEDIA ARE PART OF HER CAMPAIGN. YOU ARE A FOOL.
You probably should have done the same after your poor debate performance. #67DaysSinceLastTrumpNewsConference
:) IT'S ABOUT TIME
CNN also? I doubt it !
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
the old goat doing to herself. Her and cnn are you largest vote getters!!
there were eight investigations on Benghazi and she was cleared every single time know your facts
not cleared. Just not prosecuted. Big difference. She is being sued!
How many law suits is Trump in right now?
not as many as Hillary
He is as of 7/16 involved in 4,000 lawsuits.
you need to catch up on Trump U. Lol. Cases were dismissed.
Try  casino, million dollar real estate, to personal defamation lawsuits.
Hillary was knowledgeable and great, while you showed again that you have no decency and are an ignoramus. Go to Russia.
Hillary wore an earpiece. She can't even answer rehearsed questions on her own! Pathetic!
Whenever good old Trumpy has to answer a question on his own, he chokes. Sad.

thank you President Trump
It was focused and seasoned. Trump was unpatriotic, un-Republican, disrespectful last night. #trumpunfit
Hillary had earpiece and still couldn't answer questions about emails correctly!
How do we know that wasn't photos hopped or whether she has hearing aid?
Its just the light reflecting inside her ear. She wasnt wearing an earpiece.More lies

That was in the State Dept. Earpiece c/b translator. Sec of State often wears one.
59 times #Trump said "I can't remember" ....
go home Hillary, your disguise is not working...chuckle
she's not doing this to promote her hotels. Taxes please
decimate my butt
hillary is sorry anyway.
A common sign of rabies is muscle twitching. #TrumphasRabies
Ridiculous tweet!
she showed us she hasn't been working very hard on policy. She projects "entitled" politician.
nope.
yes, she did. Her policies have no detail and are random.
You're such a liar. Last night, you looked like the rookie you are. History will not be kind to you or the GOP. Shameful.
go home your delusional hillary
thanHillary. please go home your delusional ...smile..lighten up vote Trump

nothing to say, to your decision to be biased
Fire all those generals who have served 30+ years, replace them with your hand-picked criminals. How many days did U serve?
you've got serious issues.
Long vacation begins in November for Trump & followers.
You really killed it with the pro-dictator Putin loving demographic in the US.
How long will BLM last when America is taken Down from Globalist NWO. There is no room in the Bunker for You...

America has lost Her appeal to you? Perhaps France or Germany would be a fit. America is headed down the path. Wake up Patriot!
Or we could just fix the problems we have with thoughtful solutions instead of banking on a conman who claims only he can fix it
Fixing the problem was Obama's Promise. Cities in distress. FED to abandon the American Dollar? Thoughtful solutions from Hillary?
lol, shes dun nothng honord a p.o.&worked on a few bills  fleeced America #ChicagoMafia #FBIWiretaps Sen Torrecelli
I thought the mainstream media was pro-Hillary? Now they're attacking her. Make your mind up. @realDonaldTrump
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
His mind is a dark, disturbing, and dangerous place. DonTheCon is Charles Manson 2.0

Sorry, got something important to do, like celebrate Clinton the new POTUS. DonTheCon sux!
Hillary for Prison!
You're a one hit wonder, eh? Can you tell us ANYTHING positive about DonTheCon? SMH
he did not support the war in Iraq. https://twitter.com/sweetatertot2/status/773702968638078976 …
@sweetatertot2 Let me know if you need help reading this. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/sep/07/donald-trump/trump-repeats-wrong-claim-he-opposed-iraq-war/ …
This is the sort of "good tweet" that would come from a man who has been accused/sued for rape
What did they expect? Oh I don't know, maybe respect, courtesy, intelligence - things no longer in vogue now
.@realdonaldtrump your entire campaign and policy are disastrous, Mr. Trump.
only in your libertard mind.
In her defense, at least she knew that the military has a court system?
she had an earpiece in. Pathetic and a cheater!
When will we start seeing the Russian flags behind you during your speeches, Comrade?
You are libertard idiots that can't see the forest for the trees!
Yes the 5-time draft dodger should definitely be heading up the U.S. military. #LaueringTheBar @realDonaldTrump
Really? Perhaps you forgot about Clinton's husband smoking pot & doing COCAINE while sneaking out with hookers or
Clinton joining pedophiles on a plane. I guess you think that's honorable in your books.
are we seeking validation now through the "corrupt dishonest media"?
BIG DIFFERENCE! YUGE!!
Tin soldier... farcical. His own "personal vietnam" - out fucking around while young heroes died.
keep staying on Point keep the Pressure on 
show us your taxes then delete your account
sure Mr. "9 controversial statement in 24 minutes" (according to the media.) Whereas HRC had, evidently, none.
how apple recycles https://youtu.be/AYshVbcEmUc  how Hillary recycles
yep; however she's going to be the next president. Remember the election is rigged
. African Americans won't forget the "birther" accusations at the ballot box!!!
 Remember Donald Trump's claims!!!
she treated you like @AnnCoulter at a Rob Lowe roast. You got torched, bro.
All she can talk about is Donald Trump!
oh but isn't their are faut she really need to be mature as she isn't in the truth of their are said so she be confuse

@CNN  @TeamTrump @infowars @msnbc @ABC @CBSNews @nbc Crooked Hillary is Toxic. Every1 keeping their distance. Shes bad news
Hillary does crave power.She's in deep water w emails, money grubbing & murder. Mostly terrified of jail. Ya think so???
I have a hard time trusting her. But ya, she didn't have much to offer. And that speaks volumes. It's twisted.
@AC360 HC's performance was far far better than yours. You just cannot be consistent. U cannot be trusted.Wake up, Trump!
She kicked your ass again. The only medical treatment she needs is a podiatrist, from being sore from all these kickings.
not true. Even NBC reported a Trump Victory!
... Americans with Brains will ... #DumpTrumpNow #EnoughIsEnough #Republicans4Hillary #TrumpsterFire #PutinLover
no..other way around!! The press said you were a disaster!
it was more about how unfit u are vs any of her plans!
as usual, you don't know what you're talking about. You're an ignoramus and demonstrate it so completely!
Bill Clinton is also stupid calling coal miners haters what drugs they on!
Tell us about the 22 soldiers a day again.  Correct the vet and tell us #DoucheBagDon

A #computer error is  a #Glitch, #SeriesOfHumanErrors is called #Incompetence!#HillaryIsIncompetent to be @Potus #Biafra!
#TrumpYouAreTheMan #BiafraForTrump #BiafranFreedom #Biafra!
You are a dangerous excuse for a human being!!  You will never be invited to gatherings at the White House next year.
scary how many americans want this woman to sit in the most powerful seat in the country isnt it
seems general Flynn needs some of the mental health care the VA OFFERS. Looney..
family watched the show and could not believe how poorly prepared trump was.
.@realDonaldTrump cheating Donald and you did you great by insulting our generals. You are unfit to be POTUS
Mr Trump am campaigning for you here in Lagos,Nigeria....Keep winning President Trump

Wonder who will be losing their job soon because of those vetted questions even with the ear piece in her ear she need help
you didn't know jack shit about anything you con!
CHINGA TU MADRE PENDEJO ERES UN PENDEJO ERES UN ABORTO FALLIDO PENDEJO
you are insane
her last statement was, see you on the plane
About time they nail her.
@gobig27. What a fool!
Your love for Putin is very dangerous
Donald are you biased in any way.
Congrats to Kellyann she has you sounding human.
Big job.
HRC chagrined by her hostile, guarded attitude & evasive answers last night trying 2 save face. Don't Cry over Spilt Milk.
Hats off to Trump surrogates. They have the toughest job in the country now supporting his lies and dumb statements. Whoa!
HRC is delusional. Brain washed. Keep you're guard up you're armor on!!

OH WHERE? I want to watch!!'
Wrong. You are a walking disaster, soon to be undone by your own history.
Now CNN'Hillay JV trying to confuse the public by showing polls who will do better in the debate, instead of reality
she gave a great s peach and you talked about about taking away sovereign oil not a good idea
http://www.politicususa.com/2016/08/31/weak-trump-steamrolled-mexican-president-bizarre-press-conference.html …
Why don't you stop with jabs and insults and say something important already. You are unfit to be our POTUS!!
- dude we all know about how you used the media to get where you are-what an eye openers- only fools vote for trump?
why is make America great again racist now ,, but wasn't when bill Clinton used himself? ???
she sounds like the Filipino president .Big D please do not let her get away with this one
but Starfucks endorsed her so that they won't get 'offed'
lol whom? Fox?  That's laughable and makes you seem even more foolish and border line nervous..... Good luck D-Bag!  
Never Hillary #TrumpPence16
Use or lose your right to vote. Liberals, Democrats, RINOs, and apathetic moderates, endeavor to take it from individual
I and every other supporters will be looking forward to you having Hillary arrested for her crimes against humanity.
decimated by Faux...they're not really media.If elected they'll be your State run media outlet
Hillary for prison 2016

She has changed what she shows on Twitter and she is actually waiting to see what you do then she does the same thing
ok be decimated you are next!
Keep being Donald, Mr. Trump! You have always told us what is what
You Lie!
Stop lying about your support for the Iraq war.  You supported it on Howard Stern.
dummy can you did not listen,  keep trolling down the lying crooked road and see how far you will get
Yeah, she didn't excuse rape in the Military, or kiss Putin's ass in a treasonous rant, or bad-mouth our Generals. Like YOU
No idea what you're reading. You're getting killed in the media with all your lies except for @MLauer who tossed softballs
, what did she spit into the glass of water? Pills? Her health status needs to be known!
By the way, you lost some more support from college students who were for you and now voting 4 H. You have No plans! None!
#releasetyourtaxes where are your taxes Donald??????
she's far more educated than you on military, foreign policy, world history. You're unqualified to lead this country.
The Scampaign rolls ON. Tin foil hats are plentiful!! #DontheCon
Mr. Trump You are "fantastic"  at skating around the questions saying a lot of nothing.
you're right
as she should be after more lying last night
you would have cried like a little baby if the media started to "decimate" you.#DespicableTrump

#AVoteForTrumpIsAVoteForPutin
You might want to look at the news so more Don, because all I've seen all day is you being picked apart by the media!
@rkf1215 GOGGLE:what that gold fringe around the American flag means?? SHOC
darn I missed it.
Your performance was nothing to brag about. You basically answered nothing with your vague answers.
but I thought you hated the media.... huh.
the media not so dishonest now? Lol. What a chump.
many many people have told me that you and Putin have a date nite set up! Believe me you could be the odd couple
Finally, the media woke up & sees the empty answers Hillary gives to run this country? But, can we really trust the media?
Trump think been president is about how you look the man have inner ugly that will come out in the office we will go to war
As SOS, Hillary immediately worked on circumventing the law by figuring out how to use her blackberry
Are you insane (not an honest Q, we know you are) you choked hard core, BIG TIME!
what about the 3000 people who lost their jobs behind your bs
YOU'RE MAKING THOSE RETIRED GENERALS LOOK REALLY BAD. YOU SHAME OUR MILITARY AND THEY JUST GO ALONG! YES SIR MR. TRUMP!
your performance was stupid you praise dictators and have no plans yet
Eat it, Trump
Know youll b prepared. Want u to intelligently blow her away wipe her by using her record of corruption & bad judgement
You need to tune in to another news channel besides Fox.
@TeamTrump 
Donald read my lips. @#!:;  €#¥?\ #@?/$&; {#£!?~+=~|! @&$)(/?}<!*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AlSCwFN1yM&sns=em …
I can barely watch @HillaryClinton speak...The way she twists tiny details to make her old statements seem "less false"...
Always mouthing, "Can I be honest with you?"  If only he could but at age 70 it's pretty hard to teach old dogs new tricks.
Yet the media is somehow in on it the polls are fixed except when I'm doing bad. Your like a 2 year old
yeh brother; so right
If you say disastrous it must have been accurate and hard-hitting, and she made a fool of you.
Woah! I thought the media was biased against YOU?!
If that's the case, why would they be decimating Hillary??
Does Hillary believe the middle east is a computer game? And the tens of thousands of lives, the destruction simply a game?

If you win you think the secret service will let you tweet whatever comes across your OxyContin-rattled orange brain?
@DebbieB69009667 that's a first.
How many will be fired for reports of truth! She had her hair OVER
Her ear bud ears...
have reports back to Sept 09 she has been using ear pcs. Stealth information spoon fed to her for yrs.
So was you,you haven't said anything to make vote for you.
Hillary is poop :(
she didn't need to do a thing all you have to do is open ur mouth ..you've about bashed your brains in with those feet yet?
Guess why is humpty trumpty doing everything he can to buy time and distract away from showing his tax returns...?
you want to steal Iraqi oil and invade Syria. @SenatorEWarren

.@realDonaldTrump Dude, you're a lunatic.
stop the non sence...talk about you are going to do and keep going...remember you are above her
