FACT check PENCE. lie, lie lie!!!
FACT check Hillary for 30 years,,,lie,lie,lie,lie...
So you will support a man that said" I moved on her,wanted to f*** her, she was married" ...
in your sick dreams Donald. Does "grab them by the p...y" make our country great again? Sick narcissist.
#NeverHillary,Fact check Hillary and Kaine , you will be insulted and too busy to tweet.Wake up
what are you smoking?
really?  You are ready to stop lying?
Wake up girl, smell the coffe, Hillary has a PLOT, TRUMP HAS A PLAN
#HILLARY4PRISON
you are the biggest liar of them all. #Fraud #WorkingToDefeatYou
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
#NotGoingToHappen #LoveTrumpsHate #BeingDeplorableNothingtoBragAbout
sorry you have lost #ClintonKaine
what planet are you from? #NeverHillary
excuse me
Pence is in deep shit - he's lied repeatedly, and the fact-checkers are already on it @gsimmons03ginny
huevos puto
Donald and pence are the Only Ticket..No more lies..No more...Must stop this now!
WOW!! You HONESTLY believe "if I say it, it's true". IT'S NOT TRUE!!! You 3 yr old!! If U win? America will SUCK!!!
tax returns
emails released and TELL THE TRUTH,,,CLINTON CAN'T DO IT
If you kill a pregnant woman, it's considered a double homicide . So why isn't partial birth abortion?
You need to knock it out in your next two debates Mr. Trump
#youlie it has been so proven you lie
fact check and you will find pence continually saying trump "didn't say that" is that trump did say that
Wake up,,,,,Clinton and Kaine are puppets,,,do nothing politicians just like the current administration.....
what pin is Kaine  wearing .... is he not proud to be an American  #makeamericagreat
Kaine must have a sore crotch from all his fence straddling!
Trump got his phone back. @realDonaldTrump @Gsimmons03Ginny
we need you to give SPECIFICS on how these young black kids are going to get jobs and education!
how many people do you have around you at THIS time monitoring your tweeting? Give us a rough estimate.
am I the only 1 that thinks of Bozo when I look at Kaine?

I love love love seeing Pence shaking his head when yacker keeps talking!
yes
Hillary has been lying for 30 years, guaranteed more to come...Prison is where she belongs
- your State Department MUST be clean, transparent and ANY ONE not adhering to policy gets terminated.
Instead you are making America think again.
Only  Trump and Pence hand by sh God's Bless America great.Keep praying
Pence was a great choice. Congrats!

Where in the hell is Joe Biden from? Taking advantage of Jeb! Because he's a little slow 
. "no more lies"  Is that a PROMISE??  Don't lie to me!
not lying to you, that's Hillary's job


#CrookedHillary " I DONT KNOW WHAT CLASSIFIED Is" UNFIT to Lead. #LockHerUp
how about boring Kaine
tax return? Thief
Clinton email cover up, lies,,,criminal

neither one of you know how to tell the truth .


America is still great. But we have issues to over come which U in a large part helped create.
oh YES, please.
No more lies? Are you high? If Trump's lips are moving, he is lying.
you're an idiot
At what point was America great? When minorities and women didn't have a voice or vote?
ever been to middle east? AMERICA IS GREAT
how many times has Kaine interrupted VP Pence?
can you please hammer hrc on her "fitness" to be potus when she cant recall what occurred with the server.
Hahaha, no more lies? Are you serious? Only race you will win is for biggest liar.
and when Hillary loses you will see what a liar is....
Time for you to do another cut and blow out. Stick to what you know. Ur in over your head
so sad, no need to be so mean....get off the Koolaide and get with it...
Not nean, just stating facts dear. No Koolaid, just intelligence
Really!!! Stop talk crap and go take your evening Pschy meds
get a life...rising above you haters....TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT...
better bring out colour chromatic glasses to help see in the re-1950' s! Trump is backward thinker
hoping when he's elected he opens clinics to help you people get off the Democratic Koolaide
= #PaidTrumpette @alexKsher @realDonaldTrump
what?
Trump has many paid people on Twitter. Watch forcwhenever new accusations on Trump come out.
what's ur point beside how busy he keeps people!?
No. Please tell me that you aren't that dense @Gsimmons03Ginny @realDonaldTrump
No more lies???? Then stuff a sock in Trump's mouth. If his lips are moving he's lying.
#NeverHillary..wake up! Liberal media and crooked politicians are afraid of TRUMP, HILLARY FOR PRISON
...no way
Here's Mike Pence spending time on his knees. #VPDebate
Typical cruel Democrat, get your tissues ready Mr. Nasty,
here we go again with Trump Brat. Not a single original political idea or solution and calling Kaine awful
ok,,,let correct my statement,,Kaine is despicable,  Here you go again Hillary fool#NeverHillary
silly rabbit, it means NO HILLARY AND HER LIES, truth and Hillary are never in the same sentence.
https://www.hillaryclinton.com/briefing/videos/2016/10/05/new-video-pence-wouldnt-defend-the-indefensible/ …
kaine kicked pence's sanctimonious butt!

nice cartoon of Hillary
All Americans are Voting #TrumpPence16 
@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton #VPDebate
all Americans arent voting TRUMP. Guess what he need Blck Votes 2 win. NOT happening.
Ok vote #CrookedHillary then! #Sellout 
@InnocentlyNat @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
The REAL Hillary: EXPOSED! Ask Dick Morris
The real Donald Exposed by himself https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/feb/17/central-park-five-donald-trump-jogger-rape-case-new-york …
kaine is great.
silly rabbit,Pence is brilliant
trix are for kids..
After tonight it is Pence and Drumpf as far as republicans are concerned...four more years.
get a grip of your REALITY
hahaha he was horrible
YES!  Yes!  Praise the Lord, a million times "yes" 
*
*
*
*
*
*

(Which is why you AREN'T getting my vote) (@pattonoswalt )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPBRV6R4EGc … Trump feeds his sheep what they want to hear! Trump would be a disaster!
yes sir Mr. Trump!
Hillary's supporters can't even say that she's honest when the cameras are rolling
America is ready to see you spinning in the vortex of defeat as you're ambitions are flushed.
Trump is an immature creep. Fact.
Kaine sure isn't doing very well, looks frustrated and angry. #VPDebate
#yousuck  #godhelpamerica
Kaine is most likely one of the people wearing a Clown Suit
All Trump does is lie.
Follow Pense's example and be a little less "wild card" for the moderate folks votes?
Polls will soar again for Clinton #PenceDisaster
As to lies--YOU FIRST.  START WITH YOUR TAX RETURNS.  PROVE NOT A THIEF & LIAR!
@GaetaSusan @Gsimmons03Ginny right to an abortion! Besides it should be left to a state to decide!
Pence said it was Clinton and Kaine running an insult driven campaign...as you retweet insults of Kaine...
Kaine is a replica of CHillary and out of his depth!  More hiding behind the curtain!
and America is ready for truth, law & order, and justice!
did you just say no more lies? Who hacked your account ?
I'm voting trump but in all honesty I think pence lost. He needs to be way more aggressive!
do I smell the unmistakable scent of desperation??? I do.
Kaine was awesome. Media changed narrative to help Trump. I'm with @HillaryClinton and @timkaine @twitter
You are not capable of being truthful..a sociopathic liar you are.
Pence is wearing the red,white ,and blue.Kaine is wearing what flag? Where is his pride to wear our colors
GOP ticket is delusional. Do you really believe your own lies?
America is already great... if we can get rid of you it would be better..
Mr Trump you have my vote!!!
71% of Trump's statements are false, mostly false or pants on fire. http://politifact.com 
Keep it up in your next debate! Make America Great Again!
no more lies? Really?  Do you think anyone will believe that?
be assured Pence came off as Professional Honest Respectful Kaine was spiteful rude & disrespectful VOTE @realDonaldTrump
agree! Pence had Trump's back, good man.
When is the real Donald Trump gonna tweet? Can't really mimic that style campaign management.
No more lies?  How about u trying not 2 lie. BC up 2 now u lie every time you open your mouth for verbal 
. How are you going to do this.  With the amount of money you owe Russia n China we'll  be ruled by them
man really you lie every sec trump people not listening to your BS anymore
I'm listening.

Yes Sir we sure are!!


Wronnggg!!!
- Kaine interrupted Pence every time Pence said Hillary. Rude. Last day to register to vote is 10/11/16.
Mike Pence killed it straight up
If you want no more lies, you may want to start with yourself.
Pence for President, dump Trump. 

No more Lies? Are you kidding me? Fact check shows you are not keeping up with all your lies
Kaine actually said in one of his 70 interruptions that "Trump lost $1 Billion per year" Cannot make it up
all lies, all the time, combined with a lack of addressing issues. yep, go #teamchump
Mr Pence is a gentleman the other guy is a creep 
Cain is weak no backbone and that Hillary drops dead which she can't because she looks terrible that idiot would take over
Amen Mr. Trump!
#ManyPeopleAreAsking What is up with all this Trump rape chatter?
actually Pence said nothing but lies in debate.
@KellyannePolls @BorisEP - no more lies? Have u seen PFact file on DELUSIONAL DT?
you have  made headlines with your tweets tonight already...lol
Another Deplorable.....what he really means and Donald agrees is Make America WHITE AGAIN
not quite yet, the American people still have something to say about this! #nevertrumppence
, @mike_pence All lies, all the time. Tout your consistent approach here, dummy.
Kaine is awful and he sounds like a broken record!!!!
Have you listened to ANYTHING that lying CON MAN ha said EVERYDAY. Change the channel
very funny @Gsimmons03Ginny
Delusion at it's worst. How are those new threads emperor/dick-tater?
Trump tries to block Mexican cartels so china can bring in Heroin through the ports of NYC to protect loan
Is this a vow to quit lying? It says "no more lies" which in itself is probably a lie. Lmao #FuckTrump
No more lies? Really? And here I was looking forward to Sunday's Town Hall.
you're both awful this country is awful this debate/election is awful. You being president is not the fix...
that's right we are done with lies, cover ups , and destroying classified information and FBI cover ups.
You're the biggest LIAR and Tax CHEAT
so funny can monster Trump go 1 day without LIES? HAHAHA! Next debate @HillaryClinton will crash U again!
Kane told the truth. Pence lies just like you!
do it by moving to russia
i speak for america-we dont want you
Don't worry, you still are the biggest liar.
agreed...Kaine has damaged Hillary's campaign.  What an albatross.
The Dem strategy is always the same. Attack the messenger. Their failed policies are indefensible.

#WRONG !
in the "Great Depression" if you're elected! You will BankRupt the Economy Day One! File 4 Bankruptcy!
only if you want a Communist Dictator who is building an American Terrorist Network with his hate and rage
Pence is awesome!!!    Please , please , please Mr Trump , do your homework and do NOT put people down.

America won't be great if you win, god help us
@SharNeal @Gsimmons03Ginny #hypocritehillary #krazykaine
America will be great again when your mouth stops moving. #JohnsonWeld2016
TOTALLY !


You're going to stop lying? Yeah right!
no, EE.UU, daja a America tranquila. Ocupate de tu pais
Pence lied over 8 times.
show your taxes crooked Donald!!
Hillary and now Kaine do not know the difference between a lie and the truth.
Whats Donald Trump's favorite nation? Discrimination.
your running mate spends a good amount of time on in his knees in front of you...womanizer
1 ticket 2 policies -- PENCE THROWS TRUMP UNDER THE BUS switched Trump policies.
Truth will cause Kane to have tantrums like a petulant child
lmao 
omg I'm irritated with Kane. Won't shut up! Pence need to stop him. Narrator terrible
why does Kaine stare down the moderator waiting for the cue to interupt?
Your VP won't even try to stand up to the crap you've said. He just turns left to avoid!
Hillary for president
you are awful
Does Kaine's religious views reflect his open marriage lifestyle?
All Mike did was lie
you are the biggest liar in america. Unhinged unfit unqualified untruthful = unelectable.
show your taxes "No more lies".
so does that mean YOU will tell the truth?????#VPDebate

The truth is a Bitch am I right! You know that Pence your cleaner lied for you! You have no shame!
show the taxes then talk about lies
ITS ALREADY GREAT SORRY TRY AGAIN!!!!!!
More crazy #Trump
- Hillarys Walking Kaine
Kane is horrible, this is our opportunity to get our country back on track
you are deplorable
.@realDonaldTrump @Gsimmons03Ginny NO MORE LIES? YOU, the quintessential LYIN' KING r saying this? ROFL!
when Hillary calls you racist remind the world of her hero. Put it in a commercial. There is video.
HRC would have destroyed DJT in August  if she could have. Now it's ONLY INSULTS! Ignore.
@ScottSaxman1 @Gsimmons03Ginny 

Trumpin For Trump - Pence 2016
#PUTIN YOU NEED TO TELL @mike_pence HE IS WRONG ABOUT #PUTIN WHO STOPPED THE #WARMONGERS #NWO #OBAMA

SARCASM?

YOU have ALL the traits of narcissist sociopath- serial liar, con man TEXTBOOK case
