we dont want you in australia.
thank goodness you don't represent Australia as a whole 
Trumps greatness has been noted worldwide.
donald trump is american.  why would he represent australia? you are one crazy kitty cat trace!
who said anything about representing Australia. I think a few more brain cells just exploded.
sorry I assumed you were just wrong like most of your tweets. sorry about your brain cells.  You can't afford to lose them. meow
how you actually believe that your opinion of me has any bearing on my happiness is astounding . Care factor = zero fucks 
where have I made this assumption? please point it out. you are the kitty litter tray to me.
you've been talking to me about stuff that is of no interest to me and trying to berate me and it's pointless #YouFailed
there's only one fool and it's not The NY Times.
Ivoted for you PresidentTrump I'maMedicalDoctorTeofilo Jimenez please you give me aJob how Consul EmbassyinBogota Colombia

We continue pondering the MYSTERY:
Why @POTUS O. condoned H-> http://ClintonMail.com  #ServerGate security hole 2009-2013 he knew all-along. 

https://twitter.com/FrancisJeffrey7/status/792261191322181632 …
https://goo.gl/A8dmmM 
The transcript is here!
#Trump called himself "world's greatest person"
He said refugees are "bad" ppl & in prison.
#FakeNews was right again.
https://goo.gl/A8dmmM 
 'This deal will make me look terrible': Transcripts of Trump's  w Mexico & Australia
Don't worry Donald it's not personal, looking like fools is pretty standard look.  Come say G'day.
@4trump1 @nytimes if so many other countries say you are a fool, then maybe they are correct!!
así es
they will learn
abb ki baar trump sarkar
You're so cute when you show how thin-skinned you are.
grope me donniepuss

The only fools were the ones who voted for you. And us who believed you were a joke.
New Zealand? Did you talk to Sauron?
no WH press credentials
Which is weird because you'd think the @nytimes would be used to looking like fools by now.
you people need to tell the media to shut up
Does anyone actually subscribe??
the new york times has been out dated for years now and they still think they are relevant in todays real world
Judgement?????????????
Or was it INTENT!?!
LATTER I think.
Shame
all mainstream media has egg on their face! Everybody thinks they are a joke
Pls NO @nikkihaley for Secretary of State. Ugh! She didn't stand by you at all. Don't want her. Drain the Swamp!
they sure seem picky about the news when their crook is in the news story wont even hear a peep wikileaks scam
just sue them
It may come as a surprise, but we down here in the land of Aus don't want you or your orange tan #getofftwitter
we are with you President Elect..
lol
Exactly
were the foreign leaders fool enough to listen to your rants
Historical times and nytimes on the wrong side of the times.  Maybe we will see more "fair and balanced media!
this is the leader of the free world. God help us all.
IF i was YOU, i would never give a interview to CNN ..They trash YOU all the time even now.I would give it to Tomi .
Mr Trump - STUFF the failing toilet-rag that is the NYT! Ban the rubbishes from future WH press conf
thats really ugly man!
Like this guy?
not all intelligent like this?Ami I Right?#Caliexit
Shouldn't you focus on the House of Commons and House of Lords and other tiny little country business?
Love from india

RT if u love him.
Like if U hate.
Letz See Who Wins.
You won bigly, except for how 2 million more people voted for her.
They wish they could of swayed the American voters! Wonder how their plate of CROW taste? #MAGA
They did. She got more votes than he did.
Have you watched the news?  I believe he has popular vote too.
You believe incorrectly. He doesn't. Hence his tweet about the greatness of the Electoral College
The first sentence in your tweet is thoroughly incomplete, like your moral character.
stop attacking the president please. He  wants to help this nation. Give him a chance to do his work.
No.
let go of that hate in your heart. We are all in the same boat. We need to work towards the wellbeing of the nation.

Our President-elect @realDonaldTrump is throwing a tantrum today, America.
Hey my guess is his greater demons are going to show themselves the controlling factor soon
this guy has no idea what he's doing, and he knows it.
Trump was introduced by the birther spin from Neo-con /Tea Party selling Trickle Down now NWO also

umm, good news, this American doesn't fucking care about the world.
Well good now you and your 45 followers can go back to your trailer since the world has no interest in you 
the tolerant left, just another fallacy and your arrogance is more proof.
Ah yes you are SO tolerant please show us how you became so so tolerant im literally laughing at you
you can quit with the emotes. It makes you look like a two year old.
no. Nobody looks as foolish as you.
please have some respect for the president.
I have respect4the seat but I have no respect for a womanizing bigot hell bent on taking away my hard earned rights
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2016/11/there_is_no_such_thing_as_a_good_trump_voter.html …
I'm embarrassed for you that you posted this. Makes you look extremely weak minded and fragile.
Your weak mind allowed you to vote for a clueless con man. Unreal.
don't even bother giving your time and energy to someone who supports Trump.Trump who said "I love the uneducated" enough said
hard to believe you spend so much time crying out NYT. such thin skin. I hate you have nuke codes.
I hope your happy...grrr  It's your fault people don't understand me...hmmph
Ivoted for you PresidentTrump I'maMedicalDoctorTeofilo Jimenez please you give me aJob how Consul EmbassyinBogota Colombia
.@realDonaldTrump you should spend more time condemning acts of intolerance than stoking a personal feud with the @nytimes.
you should take your personal time and learn to spell
.@cutiekimmy704 I hope you request a refund on that Trump University spelling and grammar course. Take your personal time and troll better.
Good try, but I would rather use my time accepting democracy... That way I'm not like you, crying about it!
a democracy would have a direct election not an electoral college.
Go read why we have electorial college, then you will better understand
I have I’ve read the federalist papers and the notes from the constitutional convention they don’t help you
reading is not understanding
@JohnJohnsonson @nytimes You use twitter. You know that is not true. You humiliated the US.  AGAIN.
Fret not! - Many of us New Zealanders are well aware of what a great job You and your TrumpTeam are doing! & a Canadian gave me a Trump Cap!
keep friends close enemies closer... but Romney ... sheesh!
President Donald J Trump sounds soooo good!

Drain The Swamp! Of DC Corruption!
The only fool is u, national Security should not be on twitter 24/7, Love the truth for little boy Donald hates it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyS3Ghevf2I …
Hmmm...?  Reporting things you say and do is not false.  That's what nytimes did.
I think our hair looks great! Why would they say anything like that #trumptoup #trump

??? No more campaigning, the elections are done, you are President Elect. Adhere to the laws of Freedom of Speech.
Aussies are protesting your election here mate. We don't want you either.

What can we the people do to stop their lies.  Thank you for the amazing win! We love you & your family.
The liberals here r not only fools they reviled u here labor 2 both paid by Soros now they are trying to claim you
they didn't look like fools. They covered accurately how completely unfit you are for political office. Or babysitting.
OZ N NZ begged 4 months life of drug lords,but ur admirer Dutete just killed 3,600 drug lords in less thn 130 days
The only media that looked the least like jealous fools if Fox.  Rest are pathetic.
nytimes needs to be shut down if all they know how to do is lie
You sound like a whiny child. Way to go.
their coverage of you proves ur a fool thats why you dont like them you dont like anyone who shines light on u
We, the people of Russia, we congratulate you on winning the elections!
Mr. Trump, please please please don't whine. You won now act Presidential. Please. I need you to be admirable. Please.
I think we will pass thank you anyway
They sure do President Trump.  They should not jump to gun before they know what is going on. Proves they don't know.
U sound like a 12 yr old having a shit fit !
Donald, do you realize how childish you sound when you insult everyone who doesn't fawn over you?
believe it or not you don't have to spout off some crazy shit every day. It's possible to act like a dignified person.
@gabrielbock81 @nytimes Biased Media do not Count as Legit media!Stop Australia Dump 1800 So called refugees Obama Dumps
I pray you STRONGLY De-Legitimatize MSM during your Presidency steer Conservative News & Independents to success!
- Use them for the sluts they are. Let's make America Great Again!
https://www.customizedgirl.com/design/3480268/Trump+Bullhorn …
I trust you, I believe you fulfill all your promices and work hard for us. I love you, your a a Godsend.
#wrong
If Truman had tweeter they woud have called him a man of the people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fny99f8amM&feature=youtu.be …
Wow NYT Stocks have skyrocketed. Oh boy SwampMonsterhttp://MustBeMad.LiarKeepTweeting.Media  has made a fortune on your lies



@DavidMilis @nytimes good morning Mr president

your 'judgement' aside, the NYT is an institution that has and will last longer than you and your flash in the pan
the only fool is u.  The queen invited u to a state dinner. She needs a COURT JESTER
#trumpeffect Tenn. official resigns after Facebook post saying KKK ‘more American’ than Obama http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/AAknwkd?ocid=st …
your line
Oh, sweet Christ: Don't inflict yourself on the good people of Australia and New Zealand. Leave them alone.
so what's the difference between a personal cell phone and a personal email server???
The media always lies! no one has the balls to be as honest as you! 
#fuckPC
needs to "pardon" @nytimes in advance for all future BS lies so he can focus on relevant issues, not  irrelevant reporting
the press needs to always be there even when we don't like it
it's easy to look like a fool when you cover a fool
you need to release your taxes now. Reports of your ties to Russia and the election just came out! http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/12901102 …?
YOU'RE the only one looking like a fool
Fresh of Breath Air, you've given common sense a much needed boast of confidence in Australia...
no those countries have formally condemned you becoming POTUS. Like they do to Kim Jong Un (google him)! God help!
no you looked like a fool in their coverage. Just saying.
We tried to give u the chance u asked for + u can't stop the nonsense.ur #racist appointments+beef with #Nytimes
love to see you down here!
Australian media only covered negative aspects of Trump, embarrassing!
it is truly sad how small minded and petty you really are. How you got over 60 mil lemmings to vote for you is sad
@LionandLamb @nytimes Mr Trump,will you please consider keeping the WhiteHouse clean of MSM? SNAKES remember the story
...powers which the people openly & freely elect - to which we willingly submit a portion of our agency & freedom
oi drongo it's pronounced Stralya.
Fools are "stupid is as stupid does." Suffer fools at the peril of #MakingAmericaGreatAgain.
The only way to contact you is to get your number from a golf buddy. Japan can't reach you right before meet.
We don't want you
Just signed up for @nytimes thanks to @realDonaldTrump. My first news subscription! #MAGA
we all love it that you are not engaing with the press news or any--great!
>8}
only the certainty a habitual liar said this
got me factcheck a mighty swollen pimple
Do you have to ability to at LEAST act presidential? Not like lives of  320 Mil depend on you now or anything.
We should all be so lucky to look as "foolish" as The NY Times.
America does not trust Mitt Romney they trust you 100%
be presidential please and stop being so damn thinned skinned
I can't believe we'll have a president that can't stop tweeting dumb s#!+. Juvenile and ridiculous.
Thank you President Elect Trump. Expose the crooked media!
@veganvecoh @nytimes  True Mr President!
On your personal cell phone without conferring with advisors?
r u for real donald duck
you make yourself look like a fool,you fool. Resign. You're in over your head. For love of country #notmypresident
Just another lie from the President-neglect.
Enough with the childish whining. The only fool is and always will be you.
you look like the fool Donald. The nytimes always just looks like the comfortable, stable, reliable nytimes
THEY LOOKED LIKE FOOLS? LOOK IN THE MIRROR
No Donnie, the one making a fool of themselves is YOU!
tells the truth always.
Are you NEVER going be able to be the bigger man and accept criticism? Put on your Presidential panties, MAN UP!!
you have more important things to concern yourself with now. Spend more time on policy and good than on immature attacks.
il faut accepter la contradiction !!
how does that taste mainstream media 
you are the only fool sir.
Hi Mr Trump these protesters are traitors and should be deported they could care less about our rights
slamming the media when coming into power stopping free speech hmmm ...where have we seen that before ?
Looking forward to hearing from more world leaders; releasing schedule to press this AM #soundpresidential
I stopped the NYT. Couldn't believe them
you make yourself look like a Fool!
i love what you're doing to the press!
LOL you must be looking in a boomerang mirror, Sir. Try an American made mirror and talk to the man in it.
i read of these stooges on CNASIA tv  YOUTUBE.these shitty people are hypocrites n holier than thou.get Ryan fired
You are seriously unhinged. Stop tweeting incessantly about how you've been wronged by a newspaper. Grow up for God's sake
...no they dont
No, the fool is you and ppl who voted for you! You have no business being president. Con&fraud. #notmypresident#
WTH are you not understanding?  You can't do that  2 the press when you're POTUS.
@alyssasabogal pls read these tweets
President Elect Trump You won. Thanks for keeping us posted But please don't worry about the press #freejuilen
Donald Trump Slams Obama  　 https://youtu.be/EhyQYQGNwms 
Mr. Trump, On behalf of Australia, we don't want you
JOHN KERRY AGREES TO BRING 1,800 “REFUGEES” FROM AUSTRALIAN —Someone needs to stop this Son of a B-----!
The NY Times just violated that cardinal rule ... get too close to a fool and the fool starts to rub off on you.
Aussie PM needed to get your number from a pro golfer. #NOT PRESIDENTIAL!!
No, they showed you to be the fool. Btw......
You LOST the popular vote! :-)
#DailyReminder #Loser #GegenNazi
they will learn to come on board.
You look like a fool in the coverage of you.
we believe you not the ny slimes
what do you care what they print? me thinks thou doth protest too much. they must be telling the truth!
Careful Donald - its always better to only be thought a fool than to open your mouth and confirm the fact,
