did he watch SNL with you?
while jacking each other off
kys
agree
Can he protect us from SNL? And Hamilton?

なに言ってるか分からねえよ日本語で答えろよエロじじいイヴァンカとヤらせろよ
Perfect Choice.  Please!!!
Trump has earned scorn, ridicule, and disgust, but not one ounce of respect.
Call House Oversight. Demand @jasoninthehouse open investigation of Trump financial conflicts. (202) 225-5074.
Did you demand same of HRC??
why would we want a man called "Mad Dog"... we don't want war...
Bring him on board!
now, tell him your imaginary plan for ISIS
your daughter is so beautiful she should be president 
Hillary kiss my Royal Irish ass
You're a racist.
you've dedicated your life it looks like to hating on someone. What happened to the tolerant left
#MAGA
please do not select Romney for any post.  He went beyond necessary to stop you from becoming the President.
wants health care cost down;military spending up
make the #world great again.
هههه ه هه هه
Is he one of the "losers" that knows less about strategy than you do?
How many personalities do you HAVE? Tell Kelly I said to take your phone away. Unstable presidents-elect should not tweet
i just hope the electoral college is watching so they can see what a fucking nutjob this prick is
not yet he's not. The electoral college doesn't vote until next month
U saying Republicans won't abide by the rules set forth in the Constitution? Cuz that's what it sounds like
if the electoral college votes against him, they will be well within their constitutional right to do so.
I'm wondering how you would know what a "general's general" was.
you cannot go wrong with General James Mattis.
he sounds great, "Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to kill everybody you meet." -Mad Dog 
@TerminalLance If any other SecDef candidate doesn't show you this sign, they're woefully unqualified for the job
FUCK YES
Will all your appointments have nicknames? Just wondering how seriously you're taking your future role
most military men have nicknames. It's a tradition the left wouldn't understand.
A person may not be appointed as Secretary of Defense within seven years after relief from active duty
unless granted a waiver by pentagon and congress. Not a problem we control both chambers! HA!
Now why did you have to go and bust their bubble?  It's funny as shit watching them be fools!
I love busting liberal echo chamber bubbles. It's like stomping on a hill of fire ants.
and a very good choice
would love for you to increase age requirements to join military!
are they made in USA?
really??
what does this design represents?
hahahaha  trump on tank 
this must be a first. You're disclosing candidate under consideration 4 nation's top defense role while still being vetted?
Gives us a clue.... Love it!!!!!
Why do all of your tweets end with a '!' ? Is it to emphasise what rubbish you're saying

Who scares  you more? @realDonaldTrump or Isis?
hey Communist, neither, but one will be destroyed and it's not Trump.

here's one that didn't need photoshop, it's the picture of the loser. Poor snowflakes all they have is rage!
what does your picture have to do with reality? None
I wholeheartedly dislike everyone you've chosen so far. Batting a 1000, big-guy-who-lost-the-popular-vote.
nobody elected you so..... Also, the popular vote is not a "thing". It has no relevance or value. Get educated.
You said the popular vote is not a thing? And you're telling ME to get educated? HAhahahahhahahahahahahhaha and ha.
It has no constitutional relevance.
I think  freedom of Speech is still in the constitution.. until Trump blows his nose on it
And even then? Those rights are still in the Constitution.
You're going to appoint a person called 'Mad Dog' as secretary of defence? I'm off to buy some canned food.
that tells me you don't have a clue if you don't have any idea who mad dog is..
Well I'm happy for you.
this isn't "The Apprentice: Presidential Cabinet" or "The Bachelor: Presidential Cabinet." Just meet and make your picks!
You are complaining that he is being so open about his picks? It's not like he's making money off it...
I am complaining about how he is going about his business as the President-elect. My first amendment right.
Studies show liberals are generally more open, conservative generally more closed. Yet when he is being transparent, it's not good enough?
when the President-elect conducts himself as a thin-skinned entertainer and less as a President, I and other can call say that.
Yeah, I hate when Presidents try to have a little fun on social media...wait, nope. I'm okay with them being human.
I challenged them to a race. 
there is having fun and even a little tongue in cheek. Then their is @realDonaldTrump, who cannot take a joke at his expense.
Is there a reason he's called Mad Dog? Is it because he said 'it's fun to shoot some people'?
he is a true leader ask any marine.
Confirmed
OK. & you don't think that's a problem.
How would you deal with savages?
And by the way: that's a neat little collection of fascist symbols you got there. Bye.
HE WANTS TO PUT SOMEONE IN CHARGE OF DEFENCE CALLED "MAD DOG" WHAT THE FUCK HAS THIS WORLD COME TOO, WELL DONE AMERICANS
that is a decorated Marine General. If you knew anything at all about our service...
I'm not respecting anyone who is that gung ho about flinging us into an all out WWIII
The same was said about Reagan...
Who wasn't much less of a nationalistic POS
Methinks the butthurt is strong in this one 
At least I can still think freely.  You should do the same, not what your officers tell you to think.
you think in a bubble just like everyone else. Don't get all, "I'm an independent thinker," with me missy.
.@realDonaldTrump real reliable choice;sigh.Another"mad dog" hot head in charge of our country's safety.Really?What could possibly go wrong?
He's a torture promoting disgrace to those of us who served, and a disgrace to his own uniform.
Gen. Mattis would make our nation proud!
He's a crazy bastard...why do you think they call him Mad Dog?
"Mad Dog"? Is he a general or a gang leader? Well done on the election btw.
"and he gave me a junior generals badge!"
Gen. Mattis is a great man. He will do much good as Sec of Defence.
's cabinet choices so diverse. Like a box of eggs....white eggs.

"Mad Dog". This shit just writes itself.
trump you need to talk to Robert david steele and steve pieczenick now-your pres personel are selling you out, also mcmasters, priebus,ryan
talk to Robert david steel ex cia, steve pieczenick- they intend to riot, kill, burn things 3 million people and overturn you- talk to alex
I am a Mexican American my family since ww2 has over 100 years of military service we love your pick of GEN MAD DOG MATTIS
 true American love it
He is great!
Please allow for no rules of engagement. Let's start wining again. Thank you for honoring our fallen soldier today.
did he take it well when you told him you know more about ISIS than he does?
Pick the best people to do what must be done, thank you.
Indeed
Romney
I am recently graduated from school with Masters in Business-EMBA. I am ready to work with you to make America Great Again!
Guess Patton and MacArthur weren't available, huh?
I am a #Trumpman I eat red meat, speak my mind and the Truth even when it hurts and I love & make love to women! #Trumpman
This is maybe the best thing I've read in a while
Allen West is a patriot that would be a big help too
Love his Gen. Patton approach to nonsense!
Thank you for stepping up to help make America great again!!
FOLLOW THIS NEW ACCOUNT OF AAP PARTY IF YOU SUPPORT TRUMP
ok hire him then tell us.. Stop the tweets please
you got me wrong I voted for and love Donald I was just trying to help Sorry I offended you I am  Republican and a Trump fan
wow I AM A REBULICAN AND PROUD OF IT> be nice I just have a opinion. I can get used to him tweeting give me time please
I'm sure he'll just love working with a thin skinned narcissistic draft dodger.
real good picks so far for your transition team. We have faith! From my family to yours, Congratulations & Happy Holidays!
#GeneralPattonfan. Would be proud to put your name on my Race atv and show it off around the country at every race.
ironic... this is ok???
Hire him. Dem's and Reps. agree
The deplorables just screwed themselves over, and it's hilarious, karma really is a bitch  http://aattp.org/ts-official-white-folks-in-red-states-are-the-biggest-food-stamp-moochers-in-the-country/ …
A real American , Mad Dog..  Semper Fi General
Please take one, who is more like Flynn than like Hillary...
For Sec. Education, how about Dr. ED Catmull, the president of Pixar. Our children can first learn how to fail fast.
Great "Mad Dog"....I'm sure there won't be another war soon. Unless, you have hotels/financial deals there.
good choice, need to get rid of RULES OF ENGAGEMENT
I love strong minded people!
you have the thinking of Patton. My grandfather served with him and was personal friends, your a blessing to our times ty.
you've got to select this General's General! This waiver for "Mad Dog" needs to be honored! Don't give up on Mattis!
hi
GO TRUMP I voted for you and I stand 100% behind you great job.
.@realDonaldTrump you do realise that this isn't a reality show? Stop attention seeking and just announce your choices.
you do know there are press conferences? Presidents don't twitter shit
he said Israel creates apartheid. beware.
If "Mad Dog" Mattis is equivalent to "Blood and Guts" Patton, I'd be for him becoming the next SECDEF.
we are a Navy and Oil Field family. Plz fix the MILITARY & save our Vets!!  Happy Thanksgiving.
Mr. Trump ppl are getting hurt @ the ND pipeline. Water is a major concern.Contaminated ruins prop.value ground water. HELP
.@realDonaldTrump 
You're considering someone called "Mad Dog" as Secretary of Defence?

https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/800332639844659201 …
#Apocalypse2017
I sure hope he's white!
build the wall out of sand like the military's forts in the Iraq and Afghanistan. Cheap, cheap, cheap.
But you know more than him.  Why do you need generals?
Very good man for this job sir
Kellyanne Conway Defends Trump’s Twitter Attacks on ‘Hamilton,’ 
SNL 
She make excellent press secretary!
general madd dog Mattis great pick if you decide
the uncuckening is happening before our eyes! Praise God, Trump & Kek!
Great choice and a real no nonsense american leader.
BAM!
I was so hoping for a Mad Dog nomination! !!
Obozo TRIED to take him down, help him up Donald .
http://Rebelmouse.com/HooverInstitution …
#HooverInstitutes @FSIStanford 
#JamesMattis flagged #ISIS :
http://Rebelmouse.com/MartinDempsey  
@realDonaldTrump @HooverInst
we love The Mad Dog Choice!
As a MoM Mother of Marine who is Embassy Guard, I'm biased so my vote for Gen Mattis. Need a great Whitehouse guard?
Happy Birthday, Mr. President!
#Resign
Don't come back to Scotland, please!
GET THiS DONE! #maddogsecdef
We are grateful for your transparency; so excited to watch you work Making America Great Again!  Blessed by your diligence!
hey Donnie.... why is it you didn't serve your country?
Well, that is a wonderful choice, keep your selection going. Sincerely. 
I know you will be a great President and a great Leader.  A hard working President. Sincerely. 
TREY GOWDY DANG IT
@Vicki_7777 Wonderful. The country needs strong people.
I read "Mad Dog" used to stay in fox holes along side his men to get a real understanding of their duties.
I agree whole heartedly; him and General Tommy Franks; a couple of real no nonsense; no tippy toe around town Generals.
How the hell would you know a "Generals General"?  You're a Draft Dodger, remember?
Gen. Mattis is exactly who we need. We HAVE to stop playing around.
@SGTROCKUSMC82 Patton Jr. Gotta luv it!
WRONG!
A Sec. of Defense nicknamed Mad Dog, yes that is exactly what we need...
Great choice!
trump thing about picking mad dog for Secretary of State that would great!!
Love Mad Dog!
CONSIDERED? Done Deal 4 U.S. and "Our" Presidency..The Real DEAL..IS..The "Monk"
I'm sure with all your military experience you do know a true General when you see one, right?
A perfect choice for Secretary of defense.  No more Benghazis!  As a former Naval Officer I salute you. Outstanding!

You know jack all about the military. You don't respect the military. You're a fraud.
peace man,you are so impressive if I am not wrong
"Mad Dog", "Soccer Mom" what a cool posse you are building there.  Who are you? "Small Hands", "Gropemaster Flash"?
was rigged
#mypresident
how would you know a "general's general"? You've never served. I have. #notmypresident
your going to employ a guy called "mad dog" jeezus, your one in a million . Good luck with the decoy launch codes. Thanks
do me a favour wake up and realise you have no clue what your doing.
except you're not a General....
I thought you knew more than the Generals!
@elitawi_o m
why does she get an exception
Think 'Mad Dog' would make a sensational Defense Secretary!  Count this Marine Vietnam Vet as a supporter!
what's your opinion of this video, Mr Trump?
Trust your judgement
PLEASE find a job for @GovChristie so we can get him out of NJ! #WorstGovEver
How would you know anything about that?  You are a draft dodger remember?!
PLEASE choose General Mattis!!!!!! PLEASE!!!! :D
Thanks for speaking directly to me and the rest of our citizens. Much appreciated. Please continue.
get ALL the officers that Obama fired or forced out, bring them back to 1 meeting place, and offer them their jobs back.
by General (Retired) David Petraeus http://www.kkr.com/global-perspectives/kkr-blog/infusing-military-talent-business-and-growing-stronger-companies … - It makes Business sense to hire our veterans.
how would you know what a "real general's general" is? You avoided military service. #deleteyouraccount
I await you having news conference n telling the left to stop shooting our police.
what are his qualities and how does he view the lower rank soldiers?
totally agree. Where's the respect
Love his handle "Mad Dog"  Decent man that reads Marcus Aurelius.
I hope u investigate Twitter and I hope u prosecute them for election tampering. They suppressed your fundraising and gotv.
we adore him. Please put this great man in this position.
Myron Ebell? You gotta be f&[¥ing kidding. Worst president elect ever. #GrabYourWallet #DumpTrump
@dnegrontorres Remenber you know more than the Generals so you should be the General.
Please choose @TulsiGabbard instead. If you give a shit about Syria and America.
Anyone with a moniker of "Mad Dog" should be kept as far away as possible from being in command. Shut up.
Mattis quote: "the most critical 6 inches on the battlefield are between your ears"
Thank you President- elect Trump!
Is he not, Gen. Mattis, on your USMC Symposium Board  for all of your  I/O.  Q&A s?
