hillary should've won

Rubio would have won by twenty points
you're a cocksucker
hello POTUS!
puto

draft dodger
congrats from India  Jesus gives victory against the evils ......lot of against Christianity the one god his name Jesus

you are great
delete your account

@wmusic19641 @realDonaldTrump Let's get to work stop the rhetoric sounding more like monster we killed 
oorah 
lord and savior !
WE LOVE YOU PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP!
Mr. President, please 1st thing you do:  send in any and all construction crews u know to FLINT and repipe the whole place
Congratulations President Trump!!! Remove & replace Obama care. Make Keystone pipeline happen. Build that wall.
the beautiful successful Trumps have more class in their pinkie then you will ever have. So sad you believed your criminal cartel.
thank you mr. President
BET IMA SALUTE THEM B
Congratulations Mr. president! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #MAGA
well done Mr President of the USA.
please Mr. President Elect Trump put back the Pledge of Allegiance in schools where it belongs and that it never is removed
Congrats President elect Trump!!! God has chosen YOU. Lean on Him for power and strength. You have good people around you.
congratulations to our future president!
Hoo Rah ... Commander in Chief Trump 
At your leave ? , Chief
....Obama never even tweeted something like this let alone saluted a Marine! Thank you Mr Trump 
Mr Trump the best Cool.
Check my pinned tweet, you will like it.

WOW !
WOW!This Will HAPPEND in Our Country Too!When Mr Trump Takes the Office in January!Forcing Globalist Elite to Reopens Factories Again!JOBS! 
death face to the radical Islamic terrorist.
I can't even
die
way to go! Wishing death upon the leader of the free world. Preach your bio please
lmao he's not my leader thanks for the advice tho
Alexa you ain't gonna do nothing' to nobody girl. grow up!!
She said "die"...nothing about killing him herself.
so, then, how do you ladies want to serve time? reminder - no gay only prisons
What the hell are you talking about?........you're 2 bricks short of a load?
chrissss, chrissssssssss, chrisssssssssssss, god it's annoying to say. terrible name
2012 vs 2016
See the difference?
this is not the place nor time said THIS veteran to YOU.
@u2biker HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR BROTHERS & SISTERS IN THE MARINES WHO PROUDLY SERVICE THE USA
We must honor and highly respect our great men and woman, GOD BLESS THE USA
Donald Trump is a Draft Dodgering Coward
I am really enjoying your presidency so far, Donald! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Congratulations to you Mr. President Elect Donald J Trump!  Fought for you every step of the way!  We love you! 
After he just felt you up too?
Paid Trolls. The election is over and Trump won!
Sure it's over and he won. But it's sad that he won even if more Americans voted for Clinton than for Trump.
Stop tweeting, your the President. It's beneath the office and just weird!
Thank you! +95% of Americans support you.We needed you for a long time, to let us, the people, know what's really going on.
Nice to have a president that respects are armed service men and women!! It's just great  a Christian president and vice president again!!
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps!
@mccarthymary50 And thank you for your military service, SCROTUS! Oh. Right. Your feetsies hurted.
AWESOME
Thank you!!!!
Unless your Muslim, ,Mexican or have brown skin, then the hell with you risking your life for America! Fake @POTUS uses you and discards you
I am so glad that you are my president and the countrys as well
To all negative people below this is for you. "GET A JOB"   WE THE PEOPLE, FOR THE PEOPLE VOTED! @realDonaldTrump IS IT!
Happy Birthday!
#pershiangolf
flag burners should be jailed-in Guantanamo
Imagine if every veteran were guaranteed #basicincome for life? Would we have homeless veterans? Would anyone be homeless?
that's called a pension, this guy isn't a socialist.
Do all veterans receive a pension? Nope. There are many homeless/hungry vets. Also UBI is pro-market capitalism.
Take charity out of the government and back to the churches.
and to the lazy preachers from hell  #NOTMYPRESIDENT 
#StillWithHer
Said the draft dodger
I congratulate you on your victory.I am at your service. Contact me.
thank you!
send all illegal immigrants home
THANK YOU TO OUR MILITARY 
PAST AND PRESENT 
FOR ALL YOU GIVE TO PROTECT
US..
 GOD BLESS YOU 
 WE APPRECIATE YOU 
thank you Mr.President elect
Thank you Mr President for your respect of our Military and Veterans the forgotten souls
It was my pleasure, Sir!
1 of my dear friends, Maj. Joe Gagnon, is the son of Flag-Raiser, Col. Rene Gagnon
Always considerate towards military. I LOVE that :)
Yes and thank you for yours... Oh wait.. #P2
that's a joke to the Native American people. You should've put Duke's picture there.
thank you Donald corporal Riffel usmc
Their sacrifice=our freedom. God bless the veterans and thanks for your service!
congratulations for your victory we Nigerians wish you well.........#More grace to your elbow
What did you do in the military?
So thats what up in the featurs...
is marine engineering from Anna and Elsa and Anna and her daughter and son are you doing today hope you are doing great day
For me, the great joy is to watch an audience watching what We've made and predict...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VnkL8p4Wpk …
Any help in  #Logistic #Obama equipment  I provide free service
Thank you for your service to our Great Country and for all you do to protect our freedom may God bless you and keep you safe
Your chance to step up! Just a little tweet?

http://www.newsobserver.com/news/politics-government/politics-columns-blogs/under-the-dome/article113915898.html …

"Bigots distorting my message. SAD!" @IvankaTrump
Rise to the occasion, sir!
hey donald im worried of your support of guns and that i may get shot im disabled
Semper Fi (always faithful) Mr. President-elect. Marines everywhere have hope again because of you
something you know absolutely nothing about, right, Bone Spur?
恭喜當選美國總統！
Thank You from a Marine
i hope that you will be a good president, lets see how you do. Ill keep an open mind
你们的航母真多。好怕怕。

I hope you say the same on the Navy's Birthday
you don't care about the marines. You will just send our kids to some war you start with your baby attitude.
I live in Costa Rica. LAPD SGT. Ret. Position  Requested: Ambassador to CR. I have an MBA will send Resume.
Mr. President Trump, I'm so proud of America andthe respond delivered on 11/08. We're going to make America Great Again 
I served. Did you? You dodge the draft
unless they're a POW right?
straight from the draft dodgers mouth. you are an embarrassment.

"End of an Error" @realDonaldTrump @transition2017
You're not fit to lick their combat boots you draft dodging piece of shit.
@realDonaldTrump
semper fi marines
Ooh-rah Mr President
USMC 0331
Grand River Band of Ottawa Indians
thank you for saving our country
congratulations Mr president and thank you for your service in advance
Don't trust our weak p.m. in Australia, he puts Moslems before Aussies, he just can't see past his ego
Stop the waste of funds in the construction of VA facilities.   Curuption × 10
thank you Mr President 
Who won presidency over a corporate shill I might add
@DonaldJTrumpJr I'm a veteran and I have a policy I'd like to get addressed and possibly changed for family law reform
Semper Fi Mr. President-Elect!
I voted in NC .Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
- Combat-wounded Marine double amputee, 50 years of working and moving ahead not complaining, only ask for VA to keep faith
@DonaldJTrumpJr when is dad going to file against to women who said he molested them? If he doesn't more will state same.
Semper Fi  Godspeed President Trump #MyPresident
....these protesters need addressed. It has got to stop if we are to move forward and I dont see Obama making a speech
Happy Birthday, we support you. Be safe, come home safe.
Honor NYC Firefighters who died at 9/11. Giuliani bought radios that failed. That's why they died
You are most welcome, President-elect Trump. Semper Fi & MAGA!
@EricTrump Mr President please don't go under the ether of the WH-we need u to be the guy we elected -God Bless & GLuck!
don't forget my president  review a trade of sugar subsidiary
@DonaldJTrumpJr Please remind your father of this praise when he is working on his "Restoring National Security Act".
TY DON, HOW ABOUT AN ELEC FENCE (AN INVISIBLE ONE) FOR THE BORDER, HAHA
Urrah
congratulations Mr President stay safe there are alot of problems out there. Protesting needs to be stopped ASAP
Congrats on the win for America! Will you continue to tweet after you take office?
congratulations sir
congratulations !please say NO to Mike Rogers for transition team  #NoMikeRogers
Don't Fuck Up like Obama...
odeio vc
Please,please choose Ambassador John Bolton as Secretary of State!!!!
congratulation
congrats to you. Well done #makeamericagreatagain
Happy Veterans Day..
God Bless our Troops  https://www.instagram.com/p/uAy4_PNp8D/ 
thank you I'm a navy seabee
i respect & love the #usmc  happy b-day 2 all former& current marines my father in law is a ww2 vet 93 yrs old
Son of a: marine father, navy mother, navy grandfather, airforce uncle, airforce aunt love me some #muricans
you don't even what #SemperFi means
and you do? Haha yea right
shape the world Mr president.
SEMPER FI
They might have a heavier workload because of you.
Any plans to reduce the war machine?
Like taxes?
Ms. Wallis Simpson was born in Blue Ridge Summit, Pennsylvania, the latter Geographic spelling says
true lmao haha
many many congratulations...

President-elect Trump will help all veterans!
Happy Birthday! Semper fi
Poors don't want to change their choices because that is uncomfortable. It is easier to remain poor and blame somebody else
@DonaldJTrumpJr  Thank you Donald Jr!  Col Allen West for President Trump's Cabinet and of course Dr. Ben Carson!!!
Praying for our newly elected President and the citizens of our Country. Peace.
my son is a Marine with 5 tours of duty. I am a very proud Mother of him and all Military!!
https://www.facebook.com/HentaiV/ 
Rudy Supported Sanctuary City in New York
he loves us @M_Dizdarevic  @CleanWhiteBoi
he's probably going to get yo ass killed but 
doubt it I fucking slay bodies
I'm sure you do...
lol dondik  (in hes ex mother in law

sweet Obama the one that ridiculed you for putting his feet to the fire has to hand you the keys
the last person Obama wanted to give the keys to was Donald Trump but now he has 2.
remember how he ridiculed Donald Trump and I think it was a correspondence dinner couple years ago
Happy birthday to U S. MARINE CORP. My dad was a Marine and loved Marine Corp. with all his heart. #VeteransDay
Thank you President elect Trump for your service
Thank you sir.  Semper Fi.
thx
Thought you called them a bunch of Loses...?
So when will u gonna make wall?
pundek. Ramai gila macai
I had a uncle who served in Marines WW2 and my husband also served.  He's deeply grateful for your remembrance.
So thankful your our President!!! 
We all love you!!!
Can't wait for you to take office, your awesome!
If you want to change the VA ask managers in the clinics not people at their desk in Washington!
thank you for always following the military and remembering and honoring them! Maga!
thank you for allowing this first time voter feeling he was part of history!
Don't worry. God is with you. He will always bless you for your fairness and hard work.#staystrong
I know that the way these people are acting. Your supporters and opposer's is not what you wanted or what you had on mind.
just won Arizona electoral votes just announced
#SemperFi #OOORAH Happy 241st birthday Best Military In The World You Lead Them Soon God Bless You & America #MAGA
