can't b that uneducated as we see through their bullshit and clintons corruption !
they r the anti American Marxist party !
wait till Wikileaks starts dumping the mother load in her . Let's see how many rhinos stick w her and sanders ppl
don't care as long as she loses and can move into the woods. Most lying corrupt criminal ever to run !

Drumph is a disgraceful human being. Liar! @realDonaldTrump @CNN
@giggilamour @realDonaldTrump @CNN
About 100% of Fixed News watchers, including you, think we found WMD in Iraq. @terrymendozer @giggilamour @realDonaldTrump @CNN
Of course you would feel facts are unwatchable. They don't dovetail with your narrative of lies!!

Clinton News Network!
yeah, how dare they report on what you actually did and said. Should be more like sycophants errrrrr reporters at Fox.
I agree!!!!!
Boycott @cnn
They are desperate and the lies and attacks will only get more surreal
#maga
That's why I never watch CNN...
as you are a disgrace in the political arena.
weren't you just praising @cnn a few days ago when polls were in your favor?  #TrumpSoreLoser
terribly biased for the libtards
CNN is a thing of the past. Many people have stopped watching that junk. Trash.
Notice Me Senpai
We need your tax returns .we  know you are lying and we need to see who you are involved with


Clinton News Network
what's #CNN? CartooN Network?
you have been Trumped!!
missed fg
first one there...started it..
Nobody's watching CNN anymore. Its refreshing to hear others on the street say they stopped watching CNN
Then why are you watching it? You wouldn't know this if u weren't. #orangemenacemustbestopped
actually I don't think he should ever agree to another CNN feature due to their bias toward him.
Even after this whole Russian thing was proven to be fake news you still repeat it like a mindless parrot.
Haha, mindless parrot!  I like it!!
proof trump is a liar
lol. Comical. Just because you are never winning doesn't me the rest of us are. #LoserDonald
lol right
@NBCNews is just as bad Donald!
then why do you keep watching it comrade? @CNN
Truth hurts Wittle Donny Ur thin orange skin needs to toughen up--As President U'd get worse
& how would you  know it's unwatchable? R U watching it? LMAO
MSMBC is pretty rough to watch too. If it weren't for Jim Cramer I wouldn't watch it either
And O'Reilly is getting sickening too. He needs to write another Killing book..Killing my career
has nothing to complain about from the press. They have literally normalized a monster. @CNN @nytimes
everything is a disgrace when negative towards you, but awesome when negative to the opponent! You're disgusting!
#strongerToGetHerInJail #strongerToGetHerOut #strongerToGetHer
Keep your head up, champ. You're doing your best.
he's going to lose in a landslide or..he'll be in jail over Taxes, Trump U, bringing in illegal models, bribery
you're fully aware that Hillary is possibly the most corrupt politician in history yet you don't care 
I care.  A lot actually but Trump is mentally unstable, loves Putin and couldn't find Syria if you handed him a map
he's not though. You can't be mentally unstable and be a billionaire. That's just a fact.
he is Not a billionaire. He owes $650 mil to China!  If he releases his taxes we will know. He's hiding the fact he's broke
delusional, fantasyland. Trump is factually a Billionaire, check Forbes.
not until he releases his taxes.  Unproven. until then, just his word

WATCH:DEMS HORRIFIED WHEN GIULIANI REVEALS ON LIVE TV WHO KICKED COPS OFF DNC FLOOR!ANTI POLICE,ANTI LAW CONVENTION! 

YOUR party got us in this mess, but the KING OF DEBT will rescue us, right?
Don't forget Obama doubled the debt.
You do realize that Obama, the Clintons, and Bushes are the same, right?
They are all the same because the Executive branch has limited power contrary to popular belief.
They are the same because of their foreign policy. U have no idea, do u? Clinton is owned. The US has been occupied by banks!
...so after all is said and done...What specifically is Trump going to do to turn it around?
always have been frauds at CNN
we don't watch CNN anymore. They lie about all news. Not just political!
CNN is vicious!
They were central to a 6+ month ALL OUT assault of centralized, colluded, synchronized, and simultaneous and seditious stories.
You are digging your own grave
Will we have government  controlled broadcasting under the #PlayDohPOTUS?
#NeverTrump @smerconish @realDonaldTrump
The adviser you took to CLASSIFIED briefing is pundit on Russian govt. TV? Dines at Putin's table? http://bit.ly/2c2iiOt 
time for Trump to move to Russia after blasting USA on Russian TV. 
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-larry-king_us_57d21444e4b03d2d4599c20a …
Wow. Sounds like CNN is finally reporting the facts on you, Mr. Brexit!
they have to Dog Trump because they are scared of the Clinton MOB all those bodies
If not for lies and conspiracy theories, trumpettes and #DonTheCon would have nothing to tweet!
Like he said, he could shoot somebody and his worshippers would still stand with him
Like hillary said yesterday...they truly are a basket of deplorables! Truth hurts!
look at this massive media bias
Not true. One was the morning edition and the other the late edition after Trump's late night speech.
Bullshit!! Both were out in the morning That narrative worked when there were 2 Issues now there R 3
donu really thing #WSJ sends trucks out to newsstands three times a day??,,not a chance cmon
@WSJ  So WSJ is now tailoring headlines to push voters to the democrats. America?
Is anything the WSJ printed false? 

No.
Don't excuse the leftist propaganda machine. It's pure evil you twit.
The Wall St. Journal's editorial board is Conservative. 
We are well aware.
You can just reverse the criticism You are reprehensible. You lie and lie and lie some more. Country should lock you up. U embarrass us all
Amen to that; #LockEmAllUp Via Sessions!
@getongab @CNN You won Clinton lost  move on there are more important things to worry over.  FOCUS
We all know & support u. They behave like obstinate children. Brats & Snots.
it would be nice to see if you were giving money to veterans on your tax returns that you refused to release
typical Trumpet, deflect at all costs.
is that you are can come up with?
Wow
@ARDWashington 
@CNN From The Clinton News Network to The CuNNilingus News Network to the Anderson Pooper Network! Always chasing a new audience!
Now Add to @CNN @Msnbc
Their 100 % Support of #pedophile #Muzhood MBO' Agenda.
they have even besmirched anderson coopers good name
70,000 whites have been murdered in S Africa many others tortured or raped. Their crime,being White. Please offer them refuge.
Hillary's had many opportunities to improve USA.  Instead she lined her own pockets.  Even stealing from poor Haitians
@JudiLoera @realDonaldTrump Clinton says State Primary to Educate and Nourish, SO DID HITLER!
owner of CNN is Hillary's 7th biggest donor! Wake up America!
why are u watching CNN anyway if they are so bad?
you are a disgrace to America after bashing USA on Russian TV.  Maybe time for you to move. 
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-larry-king_us_57d21444e4b03d2d4599c20a …
YOU EFIN IDIOTS.. 
 Thursdays he hosts Politicking with Larry King, a weekly political talk show on the web.
so your candidate supports Putin - a murderer, authoritarian who controls all media, kills his enemies
no, we don't support Putin
another unfit outburst from Donald. Totally unfit. Do we hear Hillary tweeting about fox news? Nope!
it was a factual statement lol look at @CNNs ratings lol it's a joke infomercial for an ol bag who lies
i should've know it was true coming from someone who knows more than 'the Generals'.
Hillary was privy to more and only made poor decisions that actually killed ppl. I'll go w Trump
wow. not one president in History that haven't made a decision that lied to American lives lost.
she wasn't President. She was the secretary of state, she was the one in charge of #Benghazi.
being that this is not first or last embassy to get attack and Americans die.
great attitude? I guess if you vote for Hillary that's what you're going to get, mentally preparing
Fight back. Nobody has ever challenged them. It's time to shut them down!
I don't think you realize what fair and balanced is.
We know. We know. I killed my TV long ago.Journalism is dead in America. We the people are the news now.
now a days they r called paid media
@cstar21 @CNN Your Idol Putin would have shut them down by now, but your not like him. YOU DON'T HAVE THE STONES
Hide and watch.......
I will never hide or go away I will always be there. Enjoy the Show
YOU ARE LIKE A HORRIBLE BOOK OF FICTION @CNN  IS GREAT!!
#NEVERTRUMP
sounds like the truth REALLY hurts Donald!
.@realDonaldTrump and @CNN 's 
@donlemon accidentally said this
#HillarysDeath 'er I mean health @cnn @donlemon curiouser & curiouser, & how much do we really know? #Hillaryhealth 
There's always Russian TV. You can do your shows over there after you get your ass kicked in Nov.
Plenty, paid talking heads.
What can you really expect from tabloid television
Many people are saying if want to vote for a dictator vote for Trump!
@WilburTwoNose @CNN Cognitive Bias and so many other things wrong with media. They're  as crooked as #Hillary.
boy trump supports quick to call Hillary names when they pull his cards so sensitive 
We citizens call it Clinton News Network.
CNN is fantastic. Fox News is disastrous.
Yes media mostly are against you as well as the establishment.They fool voters. HC unfit !
Careful now. You might hurt Corey's nonexistent feelings.
why do you continue to watch? Along with @Morning_Joe ?
No comrade if Nixon had talked like this they would have called him bat shit crazy....It looks good on you.#whinybitch
Your ex camp. mgr works for them. What does that say?
Such a baby Donald! You cry more than any baby I know.  Suck it up already.  You are incapable of telling the truth.
Clinton News Network
The only time I watch @CNN is if it's on in the airport and I don't have the remote
Criminal  News Network  will fail
It's why they have dropped to THIRD place. No one watches their trash any more.
you are unwatchable. Horrible ratings and even worse speeches. Perhaps you want to read dr. Seuss first
but you know if you went to see @ChrisCuomo and @AlisynCamerota even the super bowl couldn't. Match that ratings..
true , CNN the worst
You just get mad when the focus isn't on you, or to your liking.  Get over it. Personally sick of you on TV.
CNN had lost its trust, it is not trustworthy any more  because they are working for Muslim  brotherhood not  America
Definitely a STATE PAID MEDIA OUTLET 
DISGUSTING FALSE REPORTING 
NATIONAL ENQUIRER IS MORE CREDIBLE!!!!!
Are you whining again??? You're a miserable person!
not even reporting your  visit to Florida  .not right
Soon as a news team claims a political party you know their report is skewed.
you will have to accept one day that not every media outlet will like you. For once, be a mature presidential candidate.
You know you watched it. Your insufferable narcissism wouldn't let you do otherwise.
just remove Cnn and it sounds like you are perfectly describing yourself
you are so confident....shame that it is always at the expense of others...
you think they're bad?  Try the @bbc!!!
ROFLMAO!  They finally stop kissing your behind and report on your history of grifting & cons! https://www.rawstory.com/2016/09/trump-has-white-hot-emotional-meltdown-after-cnn-documentary-exposes-his-shady-grifting/ …
ti if I was you I'd get the Indian nations in on this what do they think about what the government is doing to their land
have a little cheese with your whine!!  Donald don't you realize there are fact checkers!
what do you watch
they are part of the globalists agenda. NWO. They will be exposued
But Donald. If you're going to call somebody a liar, ya gotta SAY what the lie is! At least that's what ADULTS do!
But of course, Breitbart, The National Enqirer and "fair & balanced" Roger Ailes / FOX is  journalistic excellence?
why is everything crooked to you except your few suck ups
So how come you haven't been on CNN then for the past few months so you can defend what they are saying?
THEN STOP WATCHING...JESUS THIS ISN'T DIFFICULT!! And they show you speaking YOU my dear are ur worse enemy NOT CNN
you both suck!
Yet you keep watching it.  You are such a cry baby, Trumpy!!
can't you sue them for slander?
not taking any news from tbe trump  haters, seriously.
You are 100% correct. Clinton News Network
SHOW US YOUR TAXES  THE PEOPLE WANT TO SEE THEM
Wah, wah, wah. Is there no end to the CONSTANT whining? Give us a break!
say, Donald when's that child rape case coming up? October, right? Wow. Getting close! #Trumpschildrapecase #Trumptheperv
hey Donald if you can't handle the heat don't play with fire. Do America a favor move to Russia!
then why do you put so much stock in their polls?
I cancelled cable months ago but just cancelled SlingTV now, too, bc they only carry CNN & I will not support them.
it's disgraceful 2 B called out on the LIES U spew out? If U don't want them to report your lies, start being honest!
@DefendingtheUSA @CNN abysmal ratings-whn u r POTUS new media paradigm "alt" wil replace MSM & dominate w/access & reports
It's called  Politics Babyyyyy, put on your big-boy pants if your gonna play the game
. How true  this is. I tune in daily to get news CNN had no one else had,get 15 min of attacking Trump. Come on now!
#ClintonNewsNetwork
The only failure and lie is YOU
Everything you say is fiction, #lyindon
what weird, freaky thing do you do when youre alone and angry?
personally I have thought they have been too kind and tried to normalize a candidate that's not normal.
trump ???? you're unwatchable -
it was disgraceful the bias that they show on their special presentation of you and of Hillary
CNN=Clinton News Network or Communist News Network------choose one.  No wrong answer
they have rights to discuss about your http://nominations.you  come out openly defending it and get ppls support.
Too funny, no tweets on his positions, plans, anything. just "Don't believe the news it's a liberal plot" LMAO!
@JamesS020770 @CNN We all know this. Focus on Clinton lies/failures/corruption.
Trump dictator friendly.
Well put Mr. Trump! You did amazingly well today-not going after bait re: Birther & Obama=3 months left!
The only statement I would have added is "At this point, what difference does it make"???!!
It's a stew of old gas & delusion
CNN == Clinton Nappy Network
That's okay, you've always got #FoxNews and your sycophant, @seanhannity. #DumpTrump
if you Don't lime or trust turn to your network Fox and don't change it back.  Easy enough to do Don't you think
I agree
@wunibald12 @CNN Couldn't be more obvious! I refuse to watch anymore! So Biased!
NOTHING will EVER compare to the ruthlessness & hard-core conservatism of Fox "News"....let's KEEP it that way.
Donald Gay trump. Make Russia and Putin great again
you followed Colin Powell, and, disinformation, presuming a lot, how did 9-11-01 happen on the Eskimo's 42nd birthday?
is the Clinton News Network. Fox is no friend either. Media is unscrupulous.
exactly, the insanity is palpable, makes me nauseated!
#TraitorTrump whinging again.
often times you say really stupid things. sometimes CNN records you and plays it back, for people to see. period.
please...you're a disgrace to humanity, let alone America
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html?_r=0 …
@TiptonTrump16 @CNN your way and more other way.
Grow Up!
I love CNN
exactly bunch of bullshit
you are right, refuse to watch cnn
Hey DT, HRC is on the run. Keep up the pressure. Don't worry about the media, they hate you and it will never change.
Only fiction is when your surrogates open their mouths and spout your campaigns blatant deliberate lies
FOR5MONTHS YOU TWEETED AND TRIED TO DESTROY A WOMAN'S career likeA7thGrader4 asking ques that were lessThanWhatMenAsked
