LIBERALS ARE SO MEAN AND RUDEMr. Pence and his family didn't deserve that
it's called freedom of speech you orange
some friendly advice: quit pandering to this "you hurt my feelings" generation.  You all sound like cry babies.#growapair
that the actor took liberties is a bit much.And he said it with kindness stating that we are all here with love. Listen :)
harassed? you guys that won the election are not the bosses of these people. In democracy, these people are your bosses.
why not?  It's happening to people all across America! !
Mike Pence need to put on his big girl panties!  YOU, sir, need to do the same!
lying about something that cannot be proved is bad enough but you seem to think everyone but you is deaf, dumb and blind.
This is your legacy. Get used to it.
https://www.facebook.com/sam.kalidi/posts/10154397225876622 …
perhaps, you and your circus show should not happen, did you think of that?
This is disgusting & scary.people are dunking to a new low. Also, teachers are ruining next generation. God Bless
you're funny! You dished out insults, demeaning, derogatory comments on the campaign trail & on the debate stage #cmon
disgraceful
thanks for standing up for VP Pence. Dick move to an honorable man. #BoycotHamilton
HEAR my freedom of speech YOU ALL acting like a bunch of baby s think what happens if HILLARY . GOT in lmfao no2amendment
ask yourself this to what was she DOING during the race TALKING to the PPL NO fund raising mostly REALLY TRUMP was out talk
so get off your high horse an get over it
settling racketeering and fraud lawsuits before taking office is a thing that should happen though?
I'm with @BrandonVDixon. @realDonaldTrump must stop using tweets to criticize free speech he disagrees with. That's unAmerican.
not harassed at all. Since when did exercising free speech become something to apologize for?
Mike Pence is not wonderful, whoever said otherwise when they told you to pick him for V.P. was lying to you.
How about when you called Mexican immigrants "rapists and murderers"? Have u apologized for THAT? <<crickets>>
shoukd he do  as YOU SAID: "punch them in their face!" You think violence is the answer to everything. Ur not smart.
we will always find you or one og your stab
coming from the guy who claims he can just grab women by the pussy and had to be forced into a bullshit apology.
only you would think it harassment for requesting all Americans be treated as equal
can't wait til you're impeached in a year.
kind of like you harassed Obama for years about a birth certificate lie?
hillary people and supporters still in shock. Wake them up and say the movement is here, let's go
if that's harassment, your speeches are hate crimes.
then don't go into his space. A play is not suppose to b a political field.
.  You've got it backwards.  Audience booed (public).  Cast welcomed him.  How about Trump fraud?
publicly elected officials exist to serve the citizens of their country; they also exist  to listen to the concerns of the people. #suckitup
it is deserved and will continue #NotMyPresident
No he wasn't! He was booed! Cry more President Re-ject! Keep working in your cabinet of Make Amerikkka Hate Again.
#its ok get some of what everyMinority is going through with your supporter right now.
@TheReviewer23

According to Trump, the Hamilton cast harassed Pence?! He should know all about harassment, it's what he does to women. #OhBurn
what kind of president fights battles on twitter? #trumptroll
what shouldn't happen is the policies that @mike_pence wants to put in place that would strip the rights of those artists.
BS
yes, BS! Boorish Supremacists!!!
hahaha a cast of diverse people asking your administration to work for them would seem like harassment to you and your team
EXACTLY!!! Why don't people get this?????
Well known occupational hazard as a public servant. Anyone/anywhere/anytime may address u. They should eat this & move on
Also not uncommon for cast to have a personal message at end of shows, I've seen both light and serious
pretty sure those "personal messages" didn't single out one person. We have gotten so far away from the point.
Occupational hazard. Point:This was run-of-the-mill from both POVs, political/theater.Seems like thinly veiled deflection
a mans gotta work. if @realDonaldTrump's biz dealings were crooked, wouldn't the bloodhound media be all over it? 
Artists? Why? Because they're all experts in politics? What a joke! Pathetic!
Biggest untruth spoken in the thread. Artists dance and sing and entertain. Nothing more.
@SuddenlyCopWife yes it should. He advocates for electrocuting gay people. He's at a theater. What did he expect?
(2/2) have addressed @HillaryClinton if she had been in the audience and she's disgusting to police.
she's not disgusting to police.  She played to her base by being sympathetic to blm
Here you're wrong. When you invite criminal's mothers to play to that base, you lost me.
that's fine. That's your opinion.
Cops are getting killed left and right. We need a leader who is willing to say #ENOUGH.
the president and Hillary have made that statement.
Not loud enough.
awww poor baby
@TedCruzScandal Mike Pence is a great example of an honest man. Deal with him & deal with the OK Militia!

he shouldn't be an advocate for gay conversion, so there's that 
he said they didn't bother him.  Move on
so so wrong!!  What is wrong with adults, acting like big bullies....  grow up!!!  Get over it!!  We won!!
We are in a free county. U have done worst then the Hamilton crew with ur insulting everyone that is not a white man.@realDonaldTrump
harassed? How so?
That religious nutjob wwas not harassed. But he is a dangerous dangerous man
I think it's the last 8 years that has brought disrespect for others.  This was horrible what happened to a fine man.
only the beginning. you have to get ready for a constant response from the public. enjoy. it is going to be horrific.
The Hateful Killery Followers Have nothing better to do But HATE! Did you forget This country is Free! And No Communism!???
You need some thick skin if you are going to serve.  U think that was harassment, my guess is you haven't see anything yet.
Grow up. What are you 5 ?
he deserve it and I think your V.P. can talk by himself
Cameras were also blazing when white supremacists spewed a Nazi-like rhetoric in your name. Where's your outcry for that?
penis

I agree!!
Harassment means constant; they said wht they said thn wnt on w/ the  performance. #FYI
Free speech. Take the citizenship test and leave if you don't pass. Good luck finding a country that will take you. Lol

idk man I think it seems fair for the many things he (and you support) which are gonna cause suffering to the USA populace
Makes me Upset to See How Free Americans Are Acting!! It's Killeries Hateful Army! President Trump And Vice P Pence CARE!!!
Mike Pence was not harassed by "Hamilton" speaking the truth trump you can't handle the truth if you don't agree with it???
Our Prez Obama was harassed for 8 years at the Everywhere by the cast of Trumpilton ,Twitters blazing. You shouldn't exist.
No, it shouldn't. Nor should a Romney position....old guard! Again?
You and Mike are only employees of the public, not kings.
#smallhands  #smallpenis  #smallheart #smallmind - amazing how it comes together in one man @realDonaldTrump
@HamiltonMusical  should apologize to everyone in the audience. They came to see a show not a personal political rant.
(GALATIANS 5:16) WE ARE SPIRITS IN A FLESH.(1ST JOHN 3:8-10) THOSE WERE DEMON SPIRITS THAT DID THAT . THEY'D BETTER REPENT
They were not rude, they spoke up about their concerns. Someone fit for the presidency would know...u r pathetic!
Read the Constitution, Mr. Trump. Freedom of speech is clearly defined. I hope that you will learn more about that document
he's all class
it didn't bother VPE Pence, so why does it bother you? Puerile response. #NotPresidential #NotMyPresident
I just started a twitter account to keep an eye on you,  all I see is nepotism and cronyism right now.
@kayleighmcenany our wonderful Americans have been offended by the hatefilled and offensive rhetoric on you and your VP
Donald Trump is a traitor as you hear up on the hill today.The Trump family is traitors,Pence and everybody below him
Hamilton sameful!  Love Pence!! Dump Romney!!
You're just trying to distract everyone from the fact that you had to settle the Trump University fraud case.

Oh no our little Pence is scared of cameras. Boo hoo
do you call that harassment? What do you call what you did during your nasty campaign? #trumponetermpresident
STOP BITCHING AND START WORKING FOR THIS COUNTRY.
neither should of your corrupt and election rigging to win a Presidency. because you dont know how to win on your own merit
A Play?  Obama was heckled by a member of congress (republican) during the state of the Union.  That is disgusting.
wrong

Please!
thinks lincoln would disagree that pence had it ruff.
you cannot even pretend that was harassment! He was just asking that the presidency represent ALL OF US!
do you even possess a pair of balls
NOR should you be inciting people!    Look in the mirror Mr. Trump stop your rantings, focus that energy where it belongs!
. @realDonaldTrump Ya. They shouldn't steal that. 
Harassing is your thing.
the cast was rude , doing what they did.
Indeed. No respect!! and are right asking for apologies. When will this stop. Obama is gone thank God!!
get real eejit
why do u have 3 tweets abt this
Gov. Pence is not so wonderful. Neither are you.
and you shouldn't make fun of handicapped people. #getoverit
dictator in the making?
lolollllll roast pences ass he's a fucking psycho
Have you read the Constitution yet, Mr. T?  We all will give you a copy. Meanwhile TAKE A STAND against your Nazi followers
he said himself he loved it.  Of course he did. He's a homo 
#homo
You are just downright mean spirited and extremely rude. No excuse for rudeness.
good
@chrissyteigen So this is harassment!  This a well said statement said in a land where we have freedom of speech!
YOU do it!! What, do as I say, not as I do???
Oh I'm sorry, do you and Mike need a safe space, Donny? You delicate fucking #snowflake
THUS YOU ARE GIVING YOUR PERSONAL OPINION NOT WORTH A SHIT
@mike_pence Mike Pence handled it all well ... and yes, we are a country fortunate to be able to boo and be rude in public.
.@realDonaldTrump  It's called conversation.
Pence is too extreme--bad choice for VIP
Uncontionalble
25 millions settlement!!! Really?! And you complain about "bad behavior" of a musical cast?!
Keep up the great work we are all behind you, the ones who are not we don't need them
@JeffBales6 @I was Shameful act by the cast and they should all cower in shame.
it does not Surprise me the Liberals will not quit. It truly is a mental disorder
SUCH LIES.  YOU SHOULD APOLOGIZE TO THE CAST AND CREW AND PRODUCERS OF THE HIGHLY ACCLAIMED "HAMILTON"
no one should have to put up with anything!!
Anyway I think you should come visit us in North Yorkshire it's pretty wet
hey is anti LGBT  he should expect it..people get harrased for their beliefs all the time..he should have thicker skin
so sorry about Pence  I bet he can handle that crowd.
sooooo true
pics or it didn't happen


booing is harassment? What about condoning "grabbing women by the pussy"?
These people have no clue how great things will be in the coming years.  A rising tide floats all boats.
bad and sad
It DID NOT happen. Watch the video.
yeah and he handled it like a president should not like the whinny little girl you act like
maybe cause he hates gays and  thinks he can cclinical change a persons heart and soul.

he said no big deal! He can speak for hisself need to talk before you speak for him
does Willy Wonka know you left the factory? 
why? You harass people. 2 sets of rules, I guess.
ITS CALLED FREE SPEECH
You who harass Mexicans, Disabled, Muslims, Women, etc. look very foolish for your tweets.
Did someone grab his genitals and just start kissing him?
http://gph.is/1fjm6rM?tc=1  via @giphy
Aw, diddums ...
What should not happen is you becoming president.
k sixaa 
he wasn't harassed. He was thanked for coming! You sir are nothing but a muckraker!
: Hamilton cast unaware of proper manners when they have "guests" in house/home?  Very poor upbringing, but worse behavior!
hypocrite
Pence needs a safe space, @FarizzleBizzle
BrandonV has a beautiful voice. It was a gr8t historical moment & win for theatre+world peace. U2 should congratulate them.
so much for the fragile liberal media, are you offended yet?
LET IT GO
You are a "public figure". Get used to insults and harassment! Seems you can dish it out, but can't take it.
ASBSOLUTELTY feel it was a terrribly nappropriaye time.  I think it is called... they had a "captive audience."
Grow up!
That was a terrible unamerican remark for the actors of Hamilton! Very unprofessional! Bad Taste & disrespect to Pence.
If you resign then they wont be harassed he is part of a disgusting racist team like youand AMERICA does not want any part

LOL
@HamiltonMusical @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence 
Everyone is being silly about this... Everyone.
Ppl who r insulting democratically elected r disrespectful 2 wards the constitution
.@realDonaldTrump That's NOT what that word means, Donald.
""BOYCOTT THIS SHOW"
Hamilton must be at Guantanamo.
too bad ur not as outraged by Richard Spencer as ur for Alec Baldwin & Hamilton cast. Where's ur condemning tweet abt that?
My folks & I love how VP Pence always keeps his cool, never shows anger, disgust & always shows respect to everyone.
Thanks for speaking against these deranged liberals disguised as Americans!
