wow, you're "allowing" her to speak???
I'll bet she is, as long as she's quiet and does as she's told!!! No more, no less!
Only while watching POTUS take the country to the swamp within
I'm sorry you find it necessary to hide behind the BeeGee's. Hope you find peace and happiness soon! 
Love to see Mala
good luck really looking forward to seeing you in the White House . And the system is rigged.
And Donald Trump is the one rigging it!
to bad you Deaf and blind. You need to know some  true history.
I do, problem is, Trump supporters are deaf and blind to his hypocrisy! He claims it's rigged, because he is rigging it!
like I said your ignorance is no excuse theses days. You just another brain washed child it seems.
Not brain washed, my eyes are far wider open than yours! He has you fooled.. again!
little boy you need to grow up. Because your intelligent level lacks very badly.
He's already got it written in the fine print that he is going to screw you over, so it's you who needs to learn to read!
I just watched her.  She was fantastic.  I love both of you.
So exciting?? What r u? 12 yrs old? No one cares!
which wife
Brother, you're driving the I wanna have sex with her truck and it's got a huge blind spot
Michelle Obama is more of a woman than your wife.
@DarleneBeckiBec How come I retweet every one of these tweets, then come back and looks like I did not
que triste país! Ahora ya sabemos por que tanto psicópata alli
That is fantastic...Trumptrain still rollin. We love you Trump!@
does your wife know you get your steel from China
She sys she worked Hard as a "fashion model". She hasn't mentioned her career in porn or as an escort yet.
Reading from TelePrompter.
 Dress has her tits separated way too much in her K-Mart dress.
. You get steel from China
The election was rigged!
it maybwel, be on 12-9..when the elec.voters ACTUALLY vote..they CAN flip...#NeverHillary still can win
what a privilege to have a Lady like Melania as First Lady. Love you in Orange County CA. Blessings
wait I thought Ivanka was your wife? You sure do touch her like she's your wife!!
did she use her own speech this time though?
Great job!!!! Can't wait till your in white House!!!!!   Hillary for jail!!
Congratulations Mr. President! You are our nation's Trump card!!!
Melanie is a joke of a First Lady.
beautiful and peaceful wife. #ElectionNight
Go Mr. Trump!  God is with you.
I am proud of Donald Trump, God is with him. He is winning.
The president of the USA is Donald Trump
does she have to speak? I mean common bro. Really. Common?!
@acegraciee .
.
We loved her speech!  Another bomb!!!!  LOLOLOLOL
We all know the fix was in against you from day one,Win by The people is Patriotism, lost by corruption is not a lost.
:)))))
Pennsylvania loves u
nope, no big crowd there!
beautiful, elegant, gracious, intelligent such a contrast to crooked Hillary
your immigration policy would mean she should be deported since she worked here as a model illegally on a temporary visa
hopefully she doesn't talk about bullying lol
@georgiaaataylor are you jealous of Melania
omg elizabeth i told u to keep it on the DL
that's nice
together as always
She steal another speech or perhaps talks about your cyber bullying
BOUT THAT CYBERBULLING THING IS THAT YOU SHE TALKING BOUT
Your wife should be deported, hypocrite!
who's speech was her 'inspiration' this time???
your wife illegally worked in the USA #shockedface
with that? I depend on medicaid to take care of my daughter with DS. How are you going to make sure she stays insured?
I loved hearing your 3rd wife talk about ending cyber bullying. Should start with you. #TrumpIsPathetic
you mean the wife that broke immigration laws?

She will make the best First Lady!! Elegant, beautiful, kind, smart. Just love her!
no one cares
what language will she speak in? broken English or whatever they speak in her communist country?
I fail to undrstand why ANYONE would want someone in the White House who is under criminal investigation.


that was funny Melania, talking about her husband cyber bullying on Twitter and creating problems with media on government.
what a dilettante Donald Trump is nothing more than a 2nd rate salesman Trump the poster boy for sales tactics for dummies
ANIMATRONIC AND LAME. WHERE IS HER DEGREE AND HER GREEN CARD???
go away and take her with you #dumptrump
@TemiaBrinson pathetic...
Bahahaha, which one of you was where?  #Clueless
Which of Michelle Obama's speeches will she deliver this time?
why nobody understands her
makes sure you Michelle on speed dial for any last minute rewrites.
@veganvecoh Both of you "break a leg". Trump wth BUBBLES in 16'.

I grew up in Berwyn! What an honor!
Put her back in her gold plated palace, she's an embarrassment.
Is she going to be modeling in your airplane of on your piano?  @realDonaldTrump
Follow me if you support Trump!
Another illegal immigrant working for you Donnie?
Pedophile in chief., groper in chief,  liar in chief.
you got our vote President Trump. After 8 years gladly use term President again!
who wants to see pre election #pornography #pornographelection
all the best,,,I wish you you win,god give you power
she is brainwashed and lewd
The only time you let her be heard i bet.DEMAGOG
you got my vote I'm just good old country boy who loves his country. Thank You and stand tall
great!  Who's speech is she plagiarizing tonight!?!?!
don't grope anybody while she's out of town. #weknowwhereyourhandshavebeen
I guess you had to say her name to keep up with which one she is.#wifenumber3 #whichoneissheagain #fourscoreohwait
Whose speech will she steal?
Chicago on Sun Surgery Mon Tks Pres 0! HSA stopped my oncologist visits. Single dad of two in fight 4 life. REPEAL O'CARE
please, I am a nurse and so sad to see my patients struggle with the cost of their healthcare, having to pick, food or meds
probably be better if she would have stayed home@realDonaldTrump
will she steal another speech?? It's hard to understand her with her immigrant accent!!
If melania was to do her speeches topless
So interesting that she spoke about cyber bullying when her husband is the absolute worst of the worst.
alo. I yam dunul tramps vife. Beink muhn
 us bahd. Beink naas es goot. Cybah boolink us bahd. I see NAH to cybah boolink!
SAW IT. BEAUTIFUL WOMAN MARRIED TO THE MOST EVIL MAN ON THE FACE OF THE PLANET.  RUN MELANIA RUN
Will it be her OWN speech or another plagiarized version of the First Lady 
cool man

can i grap her pussy too?
...how does she feel about your rape charges from the underage young woman
she is a loser too nothing can help you
she steal this speech too?
Tell her to use her own lines this time.
she was terrific!

ya wife is ho
you mean she'll be reading a speech! Both of you suck at TelePrompTer use!
Melania is very classy
what a joke
too bad we cannot understand the illegal immigrant.
https://www.yahoo.com/news/national-enquirer-shielded-donald-trump-012900281.html …

boo she's terrible. And so are you
tell her to pronounce words correctly pls
do you grab her pussy as well
Your wife makes me puke!!! 
go.....trump....
will she be "writing" this speach too oh wait it's still copy past
funny that her goal as First Lady would be to stop someone like you from being on internet. #classicmelania
you should take her words yo heart you are the leader of all bullies and lures
is this some kind of joke? Cyber bullying , starting with you I hope!
thank you President Trump
whose speech did you buy for her this time? #crookedDonnie #draintheDrumpf
who fucking cares ... and oh by the way. ....teach her to speak English if she is going to stay in this country ........!!!
GOOD JOB VERY GOOD JOB
your wife is a wonderful classy lady, may God bless your family
is she going to be talking about your affair you had when you were married to her?
Melania is kinda hot. I might hit it if it was polluted. #truth
she is so elegant and I can't wait for her to be our First Lady.
will she be discussing the story about your 2006 affair that the National Enquirer has suppressed?
Might want to put her back in the tower?

She actually did quite well....except for the part about cyber bullying.  She could have left that part out.
Melania is AWESOME! LOVE HER!
my question is this: When is she going to stop you from bullying? You are the biggest bully that I've ever seen!
if elected president what will you be doing for the Native American people of this country?? DAPL??
Speech was very Vanilla, The AP is going to release bad headlines about her.
what will she teach how to suck cock
So Sad.  She spoke against you. Does she even live with you? She certainly doesn't know you
Melania says stop bullying.  THAT MEANS YOU.
she is a puppet Donald. No substance like you
@GreatAmericaPAC That went well. Hahahahahaha.
: Melanie was great! Lovely, honest, kind, smart & will b a fab 1st Lady as u wl b an awesome Pres.
whose speech is she going to copy this time Chelsea Clinton
Who's speech did she copy?
I heard your wife worked illegally in this country, are you going to deport her? #nevertrump
before he knew her right?
#DeportMelania She forgot to tell the truth? Immigration issue?
did she plagiarize another speech?
Does she need her green card for this?
you mean lieing @MELANIATRUMP ? #noworkvisa
is @MELANIATRUMP going to get you to stop being a cyberbully?

is she actually going to write her own speech or use another of Michelle's?
glad to see your wife preparing for her role as First Lady. Can't wait to see some of her programs.
about her immigration status?
who's speech she'll still this time !
Yep, she was talking about your cyberbullying...how fitting.  You should be embarrassed that you're 70 and act EIGHT!
Great speech.. I love it.
I know you must be exhausted but PLEASE keep up the good fight
Melania will not be a good 1st lady.
will you be ok if i just groping her? Promise I'll pop a few mints 1st.
http://youtu.be/nRu3U-nwyhw 
I heard here speak.... Does she even know you ?
DOG show!
I laughed when she talked about cyber bullying.  She should start with you first.
Bab bad speach.
i hope she wont be copying someone else's speech. That poor woman is married to a piece of shit
http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-vladimir-putin-russia-hillary-clinton-united-states-europe-516895 …
I can hear her now "I have a dream!"
HOPE SHE CAN REIGN IN YOUR CYBER BULLYING
she needs to stay home take care of Barron, & her husband cyber bully first. We don't need a First Lady but 1st gentleman
