Can you please elaborate on that...?
China does not ask to do anything. Time to show them the real America again.  I think they forgot  Trump trains a Comin'
why would anyone lie to someone. She didn't want anyone posting my url until u see them asked your intern lives in Trump
prove to us that you're not a narcissist. Prove to us you're not a basket case. We are begging you to act presidential
You R Really Shocking da World and not Sworn in! KEEP em off Balance #Bravo#MAG
are you sure you don't drink???
...Trade 101
I told.my son you wouldnt start a war with China.  Prove me right
looks like you're off to a great job uninting the country  epic fail
oh dear God in heaven please just stop!!
Remember when you said you didn't want ISIS to know your thoughts? Apply that the the rest of the world. Think Presidential
No boundary,
No states,
No authority..
No war..
No military complex in the universe..
Hence why you bought a ton of steel from them, right?
Not debating Trump won the EC but why the hell are you spreading this bullshit?
Donald J. Trump – Verified account @realDonaldTrump "The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy."
Two face MF.
please delete your account and get to work
. @realDonaldTrump Where's your statement on #DAPL, you self absorbed cretin?
Funny how you SJW cucks are so obsessed with Trump you wait around all day for him to post 2 beg 4 attention
Now that's the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Thank you Mr. President.
Thank you Dr Ben for answering the call. You are your FATHER'S Son and your FATHER is smiling down on you.Bless you Dr Ben.
US  taxpayers FOOT THE BRIBE soTrump looks like big man saving 1000 jobs at Carrier while they still send 2100 jobs to MX
please send back all H1B's that are no longer sponsored to their countries of origin
do you like chow mein Donald be nice to the chinese I haven't heard from you I'm still waiting on that half a million.
Me neither!
You go my new commander in chief
Syntax - look it up.
question mark and then you state you don't think so.. try asking a friend or reading your fkn intelligence briefings
you can be best friends with recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Obama supporting terrorist(daesh, PKK, ypg, pyd)
twitter tip: use the 'reply' feature to keep multi-part tweets together. #MakeTwitterGreatAgain
.@realDonaldTrump Glad to see you're interested in the South China Sea! I recommend a subscription to @Diplomat_APAC to learn more.
.@realDonaldTrump Here's a handy guide! http://thediplomat.com/2016/12/donald-trump-just-gave-chinese-hawks-a-great-talking-point-on-the-south-china-sea/ … @Diplomat_APAC
there sure are a lot of big words there - "sovereignty", "non-sequitur" - fancy phrases by elites!
A Ph.D candidate calling someone a B.A. an elite. Somebody has institution envy?
Sarcasm can be hard to detect on the internet, especially when you don't know the other person
sorry
No worries
Thought it was strange
WHAT ARE YOU DOING!? YOU SPEAK FOR THE WHOLE COUNTRY NOW. BE MORE BLOODY CAREFUL. TALK TO THE DAMN STATE DEPARTMENT.
AND PLEASE STOP USING TWITTER TO SAY THINGS ABOUT ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL AND SOMETIMES UNFRIENDLY COUNTRIES ON THE PLANET
Take a seat  and relax. Jaaajaa, you just enter the twilight zone  of Trump's era!
you know the Twighlight Zone is a program where shit happens and people don't always get out alive?
just call him potus 

@myGianLuca Grow some ball, it's time to push back on bullying nations. China wants everyone to kiss their ass.
they can kiss my American ass for awhile, go Trump Go
It is so invigorating to see Americas growing balls. I feel my testosterone levels rising. Ooh Rah
Right! Obama-apologist era IS OVER! President TRUMP will remind the world We Cowee to No one!
Amen to that
You seriously need to stop this bullshit. Pick up a book! Pick up a security briefing! Learn about your nrw job. Sad!
Wow since when did standing up to China become BS? The cowardice showed by Obama admin is over. Deal with it.
Standing up and provoking are two entirely different things.
Allowing China to become more powerful and ignoring democratic Taiwan has been poor policy for decades.
So that I understand, are you saying you agree with his delivery? It reads as reactionary, which feels risky.
and I'm supporting a US pivot towards democratic nations over realpolitik.
and you don't see his approach (not the policy) as irresponsible?
I don't support PEOTUS ranting on Twitter. My issue is with ceding to China over supporting Taiwan's existence.
you are an embarrassment!!
Who are you ?!自以为是
can I come to the white house please?
you have no clue what you're doing. Go away. Resign. You're in way over your head.
grandma should stick to what she knows....which is not much @realDonaldTrump 
#MAGA
Unless, of course, you prefer dying young. With Trump in office, your chances of doing that have improved greatly.
I see Jesus behind you. Maybe you should do as he says...accept and love .... that means Trump as well 
nope. I make it a habit to never approve of a candidate that the American Nazi party,endorses. Just one of my funny little ways
don't believe it's ok to sin... the only staircase you will be offered will be descending only
please delete your account and get to work
you do realize there's a crown on top of that, right? Are we longing for royal rule?
Y LA VERDAD LOS MEXICANOS NÖ LE TEMEMOS Y YA CONTAMOS CON APOYOS DE RUSIA Y CHINA Y BAJALE AL HAARP DE TUS TEMBLORSITOS
did David king of Israel send ambassadors to Egypt & Persia and charge the people for their trips? #JohnKerry is an ass
we need to stop buying from china- halve of it is poisoning us
That's because China has positive cash flow and the U.S. has debt. You should fix that rather than flexing your ego.
I support your stand on China.Be tough on them.
SU ARDOR ES QUE CHINA YA LOS VENCIO PORQUE SABE LOS SECRETOS DE INTELIGENCIA MASÖNICA EMBRUJADA PARA OCULTARLOS L MUNDO CIA
You're going to start world war three you idiot. DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT
Someone teach this bitch how to thread tweets together.
how do you do that? curious
Reply to yourself and delete your own handle. It will connect them together as continuous. And other reply's will come last
ahhh, thank you. Twitter just just build that function in as an extra button when you reply to yourself.
粗魯沒教養的美國爆發戶竟做上了美國總統，可笑至極。
mdzz

You're not elected and you seem to have no problem flapping your jaw
I'm not telling the president elect how to run the country.  That's the difference.  But you missed that.
Please do not mix up Japan with China and Russia. It's unbelievable that the President of USA still have that old biases
You continue to use Twitter to embarrass yourself daily. What will it take for you to grow up and at least act the part?
You guys still don't get it... All this media outrage over Trump is free press for Trump. That's how he won.
Competitive capitalism is insane. It frequently results in wars between countries. To make things worse, you were elected.
you say lazy, human beings say the elderly, the sick, the disabled, the unlucky, the poor...
...because you could be some of those one day. In fact you will be at least one of them!
where do you get your information? Happy to read it and change my mind if you have facts to share.
you realise capitalism has winners and losers - it's the only way it works. You can work hard and still have misfortune.
"capitalism has winners & losers, so let me be a loser and pay for me with your winnings"

Too classic lol
How does it feel that only 25% of the people like you and you lost the popular vote by a landslide?
You do realize it's time to move on?
it's a free world I'll move  @realDonaldTrump develops a heart and has compassion.
Thank you for responding with the typical liberal response. Yes, it is a "free world" as you put it...
美军在夏威夷建军事基地，有和中国商量过吗？中国人在自己的海域搞建设，凭什么要和美国人商量？
but we DO tax imports from China. You're going to be leading my country next year. Get better economic advisers, please.
no lady, we do not make China pay import taxes.. you are braindead.. NAFTA was started by Bill Clinton.
Did China and Canada switch spots while I wasn't looking? What does NAFTA have to do with China? @inaneenglish
NAFTA cost me my job in 2008
I have since had a much harder life than before.
My hope is Trump fixes this atrocity.
I'm sorry that happened to you, but I wouldn't place much stock in him doing anything. http://thehill.com/business-a-lobbying/business-a-lobbying/308764-transition-official-trump-will-not-rip-up-nafta …
he's already made far more jobs than Clinton ever did. I have faith in Trump.
8years of Obama murdered manufacturing.. 
Let's MAGA
that's what diplomacy is for you neophyte
funny how racist people backing the DEMOCRATS that FOUNDED THE KKK, pretend that Trump and Republicans are racists.
I didn't mention racism. I just called him a neophyte.
Doesn't matter. DEMOCRATS ran this election into the ground by lying about Trump while Obama ran America into the ground. Hypocrites
curious: what news do you watch/read? Where do you learn about "lying about Trump"?
I started off very skeptical of Trump.. until I saw how the entire establishment fought him tooth and nail. 
He is real change..
also  I compare all news sources and how they all talk about the same stories u can get a better scope that way. Most news is biased
bias is everywhere. Can you name sources? Do u trust media outlets or specific journalists more?

maybe you need to talk to the people who are really running things before you do anything in clouding  wiping get your ass
Taiwan China create  fake conflict to deceit the world become super power.after Vietnam war
it's OK for US troops stationed in Korea and Japan, and not build a military complex , a sea named after China?
#twitthefuckdown
What happened to your non interventionist foreign policy and America first? I suggest Pat Buchanan for Secretary of State
Did US ask China if it was ok to build massive military complexes in the land of US?I don't think so!
In Japanese.
中国は 自国の通貨を切り下げ（米企業の競争力低下）、自国への輸入品に重関税をかけ（米国は無関税）、南シナ海に巨大軍事基地を建設したが、米国に相談したのだろうか？
何の相談もなく独断で行ったのだ。
Has anyone told you you're not the President yet?
None of your bussiness
Everything you are doing is so great and all the dumbasses do is tear it down.
South China Sea belongs to China. What we do is none of your business.
Naive!
The Chinese and the Russians build junk. China has rocket junk dropping from sky: Russian war planes crash into carrier.
替我问候你祖宗
InviteJulianCastroByObamTOWhiteHouseHired2014 SecHUD,XMayorTexasBroJoaquinCastro(illegaMotherNiceSetup
being offensive will put the opponent in defensive it's an astute tweet keep it up
有病吗
South China Sea belong to China.they can build anything they want
Hope u keep the tweets. The only way we get the truth.
Please remove the penalty for not having health insurance. Replace Obamacare before tax day 2017.  Thank You.
When it become ok to be a bully is what they say but not so much what they do Sir they like moms spot
beschre mannn
lookout china
You Suck
globalism/free trade are THE BEST.bringing foreign business into the US creates US jobs. Keep up the good work! #stayright
You are soooo funny hhhhhh i just can't stop laughing hhhhhh OMG
when are you going to move production of your items into America?
Your killin it! So proud!
The United States should actively considers setting up military base(s) in Taiwan.
I wish you cld visit Nevada co. and see our back rds, I've rplced lwr ball joints evry yr bcuz of rds here + we vted 4 u2
How many US military bases are there in Asia versus how many does China, Russia and all the others combine have?
#World War "ThrWeeT"?
you need to brush up on your writing skills
Mexico had constant devaluations and import taxes. Now we can ($) buy US goods tax free. Maybe a China NAFTA is in place?
Hey buddy, wake up and make America GREAT again before annoying one of America's biggest lenders in the world, China.

great sir
On Taiwan, going back  40 years of US (One China) risks provoking  serious confrontation.  Cuban Missile Crisis again?.
why does is matter? We have no power over China's military and we definitley shouldn't think they have to ask us when...
apparently we don't tax you either Mr Trump. Release those tax forms please #SNL #pantsuitnation
Is the U.S. president "the President of the earth"? I don't think so!
We can sell them billions (with a b) in arms and not take a congratulatory phone call? #DemLogic
becoming President. You're trying to pick a fight with every country that you can.
We have no obligation to tell a person who live in other street what we did in our own garden.
/ They've gotten MUCH too big for OUR britches!   Been allowed to intimidate without being challenged for far too LONG!
Your mother gave birth to you, I agree?You're really funny
Have you been elected president, has China agreed? Your mother gave birth to you, I agree? You're funny
Do their own thing, do not control so much okay

Are your sons going to serve when we go to war with China??
LOL
你平时分没了
looking at the fact that toy have made America the butt of every joke in every country in the world including America?
I think our Chinese just do this for protecting our sea rights, that's all.
mr trump u did not tweet even a single world about india yet.which kind of friends are we
You got that right YOU DON'T THINK at all #LostToHillaryTour
.@realDonaldTrump   China did not ask, and the current administration did nothing to change or prevent it.  #AmericaFirst  #PEOTUS

would you shut up before you start a damn war
我是来自中国的，翻墙专门来问候你的，请问你在你家拉屎需要经过我的同意吗？
hell y s we agree with Trump, which is why we voted for him.

Be careful DONNY if they stop buying Treasury than ur in the Shit
The US is supposed to tax you but you don't seem to care.
防川之口，甚于防民。
Speaking of TAX, where are your taxes donnie ?
Will you please stop tweeting. You're our Leader, not high school anymore. We need a grown up running our country. Be adult

such a smart man. Too bad all of the morons had their chance to make things better, both pathetic Clintons did nothing.
Remember you said: the SS tax should be taken out on everyone's salary ALL YEAR -That would shore up SS benefits big time
check out 12/4 Sunday nights 60 minutes the golden triangle in Mississippi Joe Max Higgins
I love to see Trump products with " made in USA" label.
KEEP THE TWEETS COMING. love to hear the cable channels analyze them to death when it is so easy to read between the lines
TRUMP <33333333333333
I'm confused. Why does China have to ask the US for permission? It's their currency, their military.
What are you rambling about?
AMEN!
@tomcoates from Sanctuary City, San Francisco seems to know how to run the country. Maybe consult him first?
Isa.41.14
Do not be afraid, you worm Jacob, little Israel, do not fear, for I myself will help you,” declares the [1/2]
why din't say north Korea
Mr. Trump, why should a country ask another country if they are doing anything in their own country?
Donald, you talk like a 14 year old boy
Coulde you tell China's government that stopping selling salty soy milk?
no sir murica actually does put high tax on foreign products
smile makes me cringe so hard it makes my cringe face look like his smile which makes it cringy

When you are right you are right!
@Raelockwood  for those of you who voted for him should be should shaking in your boots
I don't think so neither.  PRESIDENT TRUMP... YEAHHH!
Pls. listen to the "Henry Kissingers" in your midst and not the "Rambos" that are ignorant of how the world really work.
take Libya and the oil let me have syria
good question and thank you president elect Trump for acting normal I am behind you 100 percent to make America great again
handle your own! You have managed to brainwash some but even some of your supporters are beginning to regret their vote.
中国不是好惹的
沙雕
you are so right Mr. President, it has to be talked about and resolved for once. Great move!
Interesting ha?
you're not paying your taxes either. So...
China's yunnan province government established FanYa. For five years. $6.5 billion fraud people http://dlvr.it/Mp6HY3 
Dad doesn't need to explain to his son.有
tweet away!
i agree
impress other billionaires. Have you given a single thought to the millions of Americans that are depending on you to know
This is Good!!! AGREE Mr Trump
it is your fault to worship them! Don't follow them...
they are building a military site it is in direct line with the rotation of the earth to attack the US hello
Talk about Chinese Communist, not China,human Right abuses, a political prisoner died in jail on Dec 29. Another  vanished
keep doing what you are doing.We are loving it. We know you will stay strong. Thank you..
you are not going to be Mr Reagan, you will bring bankruptcy to all of US and put shame on your family name
if u really want a Wall, u can come China. because there's a #greatwall# 
Seriously, these comments from a man who does not pay taxes in his own country -- get a clue --
Don't listen 2 these fools. Real change can't happen by doing things the old way. Be yourself! Don't let them control you!
