@realDonaldTrump Will MGM shares split in the 2nd Qt, by way of your magnificent economic structures? Our robust economy is turning the table on the old ways.  Go pres!
Yes you are right that deal was horrible for us too. We regret to trust USA goverment one more time. You proved that israel is ruling USA.
SWAMP is quivering311days after this tweet. Antifa isn't capable of mounting a zero dark thirty deed today. they have to sleep drug then ACT
State Dept. Blames Israel for Terrorism, Claims Palestinians Rarely Incite Attacks #Thesonsoftheshit
LOOOOLLLL
praying for you that you will have the wisdom of Solomon and humbleness of David.  Sorry you have had it so rough
@rebeccalambb 
Please read :  1 John 2:22 to 23
They cannot have the Father without the Son.
what you called fake news I call you FAKE PRESIDENT
ای کوسکش
great job keep it up i've never been this excited about a president ever thank you
I'm Yemeni ,i'm not terrorist,I love peace ,why you foreclosed travel to America what my fault if I peace man.can you ask
are you mad Donald Trump
القياده في مملكة ال سعود مع بريطانيا تسعى جاهدتين لأغتيال الرئس Trump
You have no idea what Israel is do you?  Can you find it on a map? Without google?
YOU PRESIDENT YET THEN
I WOULD LOVE YA IF YOU TOLD THEM
OBAMA IS STILL PRESIDENT
America's military loves you and your beautiful family. It's time to win again! Make us proud to be American! God bless!
Not soon enough!
MAYBE THAT ANALYSIS IS TOO SIMPLISTIC.  EASY TO CRITICIZE FROM THE OUTSIDE.  SEE HOW IT LOOKS WHEN YOU GET INSIDE.
AMEN
Thank you so much for your support of Israel! God will honor you for that, and all your decisions that support Israel.
GREAT!  KEEP UP YOUR SUPPORT OF ISRAEL.
G-d will bless those who bless Israel! Never compromise!
this Rochester NY deplorable wishes I could see u sworn in! EXCITED for our country to be blessed w/U as the 45th PRESIDENT
who the fuck cares about Israel - they are the oppressors duh
Dear President Trump if you and your family are in Tampa I would be honored to have you all for dinner
get us out of the U N. No NWO please
fix Medicare I can't afford a supplement
sir,Mr President. I've asked to be your Ambassador to Belize several times, and no reply.
we like you President Trump Israel will not be dump.
We need all Jewish land complete. 
Thank you,may God be with you .
I hope you milk America for all it's worth. America deserves you...
I agree with every single word that comes out of your mouth. You are a champion!!!!  A winner!!!! And a Great American.
I hope your inauguration will be a beautiful day for the whole Western World! #MAGA #MEGA #freeIsrael
You need to get a brain and start to listen to the CIA breifings
Israel is the last country that needs help. They have a very well trained army that is constantly at the ready.
when suicide rates will rise.  Thanks Trump. You killed America.
@RebeccaLambb yes,  please don't forget Israel.  They have suffered long enough. God bless you Mr President Trump.
#JEWS STOP STEALING AMERICAN TAXES ! ! ! #ISRAEL #AIPAC #ADL #POTUS #MAGAS #VETERANS #antiSemitism #TheResistance #TCOT
CNN rude to President elect Trump.  Throw them out
hang in there Israel
Good luck
Israel are ruled by a bunch of murderers. Of course you would support that. Sad.
What do you care about them? You don't even care about US!!!
all will be better once you scrap the Iran deal and they are allowed nukes #dipshit
Diplomacy is the art of a civilized and intelligent man!!
11 days and counting  till America can become Great Again
May God bless you Mr President Elect Trump, El Sendero Church is praying for you. Yes, January 20th is fast approaching!!
Actually, January 20th is the beginning of the end.
Hi Mr President elected @realDonaldTrump 

Must Watch [litle boy assassined a man] 
https://twitter.com/Tazer_Swift/status/818496114093473793 …
I don't know if is a true image.
thank you for your stand on Israel.
Can't wait for January 20th
And hopefully turning the UN into a VA facility operated with the funds withheld. R&R facility? IDF welcome too
@jeep_sifu we're ready to defend this nation Trump it's about to get ugly open the military doors let us in
I fully expect for you to screw up royally I believe you hear echos inside your skull What does that tell you?
thank God
OUR ONLY  ALLY WAS  SCREW BY TITOTHEAPEMAN AT LEAST TEWITTERER  SAY Y LIKE IT,IF NOT COMPLAIN TO TRUMP
Iran shits on you
amen
Iran deal is one of Obama's few achievements. Keep it. No more wars, no more regime change!
I"ll be great if you add me.Thanks in advanced for your attencion.
@christifidelis @Pyrmha108 @TulsiGabbard @BernieSanders http://www.thetower.org/article/i-fought-isis-with-kurds-in-syria-this-is-what-it-was-like/ …
@TulsiGabbard @RandPaul @BernieSanders @NPR @tedcruz @SamHarrisOrg @BradSherman @tedlu09 http://www.thetower.org/article/i-fought-isis-with-kurds-in-syria-this-is-what-it-was-like/ …
thank's president Trump
@JudgeJeanine @seanhannity @carl_c_ichan @TuckerCarlson @TheFive @MadMoneyOnCNBC @WSJ
ISREAL CANNOT build on Palestinan land !!
QUICK FIND EVIDENCE THAT TRUMP IS HORRIBLE
God bless Isreal!
If you bless God's people Isreal, God will bless you!
sir there is a fake account named @realdonaldtruNp  ...and it is a shame  disrespecting you with such posts

, smh
I want to piss in your cereal,
#Idiot #BDS #BoycottisraeliApartheid #FreePalestine #FreeGaza
the world is collectively holding it's breath....
@ValerieAskew fuck Israel we should not help some one that wants to kill women and children's not a  work of god
you're going to get us all killed
dear Mr. President elect trump, thank you so much for standing with Israel against the bad UN 2334 resolution, Israel loveU
@idol_smasher We stand with Israel!
You know NOTHING about the MIddle East
Donald you have made Izeral and USA close again and the people know that
But Russia is in bed with Iran. Which side will you pick?
#UniteBlue @cspanwj #humor
Specifics, please. In what way is it horrible?
Accountable, and Save Canada from him and SOROS!
I'm Canadian, Defund the UN! Brand it a Human rights violater, and sanction those who support! Hold Traitor Tot Trudeau
It is because they were worshiping the devil behind closed doors my muslim friend told me.
all we need is biafra freedom,my mother was beheaded by Muslims in northern Nigeria today because she's a biafra Christian.
pls come to our rescue biafrans are being killed on daily basis by Nigeria president buhari, my mother was beheaded today
All of the expert nuclear physicists are wrong about nuclear physics. I am right. I am Donald Trump.
donald a open mind is what it takes to rule, inclusion, those erratic tweets will get you impeached    think consult discus
@MissJazzie1 
DEPORT, 
DEREGULATE,
DUMP Obamacare
Stop the immigration of the middle east we cannot trust or afford them. Let Germany take them.
You are the beginning of the end of the world. Europe was devastated after Hitler. Who will save US after you obliterateALL
https://scontent-lax3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t15.0-10/p118x90/15816131_10158940455875206_6041261759732383744_n.jpg?oh=fa879c34cec58116c00e265b38fa1fb4&oe=5922AD88 …
... That'll actually be an effective way to isolate the CIA steered Theocracy in Tehran @realDonaldTrump 1953 1979 ~ Play a Blinder on 'em ~
Move to Expose #Saudi provocations meant to ignite Sunni/Shiite Civil War in region, leave #Iran in #Russian sphere... @realDonaldTrump
now going against the UN, your a looser, and Israel are bullies and tyrants, just like you
YES!  Save us from the End Times Donald.
UN decision on Israel is a total nonsense. Nothing but act of hatred and a mark of freaked bunch of allies against Israel.
60% people born in America don't know who their father is so 60% are illegitimate humans God bless USA
Great. God bless America GOD's OWN COUNTRY as you support Israel again. God will make your administration successful.
I loved the UNITED NATIONS and my family interning there too. KNOCK! KNOCK! LAWSUITS HERE!
For once act with reason. Save Israel from Netanyahu and his corrupt cronies
15..14..13.. :-)
Aust Time :-)
GOP congress is ignoring voters and not defunding UN, instead wimpy resolutions!
but 2021 isnt coming any faster
so proud of you!
Yes it is America Needs Stable Leadership
Israel will endure without any aid if the Bible is true. Keep our taxes here please!
Israel can be Trusted.. the rest of the muslim nations in the mid east cannot be trusted...What possible deal with no trust
One can never trust Iran...Only way is to say:heybozo--take your best shot-- then reduce them to dust....publish that.
احلا ترامب
Hillary & Obama failures in Libya, Egypt, Syria, Iraq, Iran, Ukraine, migration to Europe, North Korea, South China Sea.
You are willing to tear a nation apart because of your thin skinned ego. You do not care
This is the My man !!!
You represent such hope.  I can't wait for the 20th.  God bless and please bring God back to the USA.
you have my full support particularly on Israel
the Iran deal has stopped Iran from enriching plutonium so they can't build a nuke! It is a brilliant agreement! Let it be!
@NJMike319 The "beginning of the end" starts Jan 20 when YOU take ofc treasonous traitor! How can u put ur hand on a BIBLE?
You will be victorious tho  it may be a while before we get tired of winning~ God bless you!
Mr. Trump, if you think America can become great again at the expense of other nations, America is in serious trouble.
democratic societies do not support illegal settlements, be more prepared b4 writing
Thank you for standing for Israel! They are God's chosen people, and our best ally in the Middle East.
the 20th can't come fast enough!
The only thing you know about Israel is that your son-in-law is jewish
it's the beginning of the end of the democratic party, they have proven thereselves unworthy of governing
Yea good one Trump.
@coinabs i turn 69 in a few days.  please be the 1 potus in my voting life time, that stays true 
 "...we the people..."
un fund & kick UN off US soil cause they want 2 steal sovereignty of all countries 4 them 2 take globalist control
watchout 4 BO, violated Art 1, Sec 9, Cl 8 US Const by being 1st US Pres 2 chair UN -& now he wants UN treaty 2 ban US arms
Steadily climbing throughout Obama's presidency. No thanks to you. Save it for your deplorables, Drumpf.
Israel is greasy taking land that isn't theirs never to have peace
again congratulations on your electoral mr. President go 2017..
@shannoncaraker Yes! 
Actually sir the Iran deal has significantly stabilized the region and kept Israel an uncontested nuclear power.
WRONG Mr. Trump. Bibi is a racist hater of Palestinians. They want peace. He wants to destroy them. Banish him
Thank you for supporting Israel. For the so called Occupied Palestinian lands- read the Bible ppl, you'll find our deed.
