trump we r waiting for ur leadership
for the debate hit her on failed Libya, iran, Syria policy and failed reset we with russia
any republic the dose not support Trump needs to quite the party or be thrown out of the GOP
Stand your ground tonight but make  it the Highground!
BARF
@realDonaldTrump
Trump supporters aren't just deplorables; they are irreparable human beings
say*
can't wait for Trump to be elected and all these whining reporters they will holding there dicks on there hand.
we love YOU Trump
You should remember that 30,000 people showed up for the launch of Kim Kardashian's energy drink.
thanks a lot for blowing the election
.@realDonaldTrump Thank you Henderson, NV! This is a MOVEMENT like MANY seen before! Watch some of the rally via Stormfront!! #Election2016
Whoever tweeted this is a truely sick individual.  God bless your soul..
Paid troll @Grannyleigh11 calls me sick for pointing out that candidate she supports organized actual fascist rallies! DISASTER! #ClownTrain

POLITICIANS LET US DOWN
PAYBACK TIME 
TRUMP 2016…
SILENT MAJORITY ARE NOW SPEAKING. VOTE TRUMP.
you are a pig!
this is your Clarence thomas moment. Whole country waiting. Go for it!
I hope Trump once elected and promise the he will   Bring treason charges against Hillary and all the crooked underdogs.
holding your own.
#MelaniaTrump Ménage Tua' cannot be First Lady 
@CNN
@nbc
@ComedyCentral
she has the gall2 condemn other women when she indulged in woman on woman sexual phonographic acts
They come to see what a liar looks like!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who cares ? Show America your ..

I've had bigger movements.
He'll stop correctness too. Show America the ..
Apparently, you are not a business owner or possibly don't even have a job.
Apparently you make statements based purely on supposition like Trump .... amazing.
I am voting for you, but would have been awesome for women's vote, if you gave some credit to your children's mothers
please rise above anything during the debate and the *irrelevant to prsnt chrctr* old tape. USA needs U now more thn evr!
for the debate, you should print and bring copies of some of leaked emails that talk about backwards evangelicals
you suck!
its over.
I hopePeopleRecognize&support u allTheMore4theCowardiceOfTheEstablishmentCandidatesWhoRunAtThe1stSignOfTrouble #stand&fight
, Please contact me. I believe I can help...
I would have Trump as president then a career politician the talks polish and sells out the American behind their back
The first time she said the truth, I guess she forgot Who she was talking to public or Private!!
what movement. You need to change?
pay some tax
do YOU pay more than you legally need to?
a business man or a career crooked lying politician for president. Business man every time

You vote for Trump and I'm the one with Low IQ? love the Irony, and concerning the cheating, he bragged about it.

Joe Biden admits Hillary losing polls
Chelsea got about 125 at her rally  #CrookedHillary gets about 200.
If you add the two "rallies" together and multiply by 10 you STILL wouldn't have the # at a @realDonaldTrump rally!
Hey. You should learn the correct way of saying 'Nevada'.
Almost as great a MOVEMENT as my bowels just had. Errrrr, oh yeaaaah. Now THAT'S a movement.
thanks a lot you just lost the election for us.
PIG!
Im thinking that Trumps "movement" is looking like another kind of movement, if u know what I mean.
just brush it off NBC fake news of your sexual comment.Do not respond to defend Please  be presidential
Sir good luck don't waver on anything she does stay with the issues not what happened 20 years ago we don't care
let's go trump..come out on too in this debate...we're behind you!!
Bring all the Clinton abused women together on a televised panel to discuss Hillary's support for abused women's rights.
Let's see, we have CHC And now CWH!  I say nock them all off the hill!
Never? Well maybe that "I have a dream" thing. Don, most people were there for the #freak show. #Trump #Loser #RWNJ #looney
Obama CUT $800 Billion from Medicare, stole it from people who have worked all their lives, to fund Obamacare.
I need your book #thinklikeabillionare. Email
i've seen bowel movements like this actually
You are the Best Donald Trump. You are America's hero, and mine. Followed your life for 40 yrs. Outstanding
Eric was great against the 3 on 1 CNN interview. You can also do it. Keep to the topics and ignore the punches!
how much are you paying them to show up - well at least they are not on streets pimping or prostituting- hire them
freak show I bet. Deplorables ever present I bet they feed your ego
Thank You Mr. #Trump for giving us the kick in the butt we needed to claim our power and country back.
http://ijr.com/2016/10/706727-green-beret-who-has-lost-many-friends-in-combat-blasts-media-for-misleading-on-trumps-ptsd-remarks/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=partners&utm_campaign=bencarson&utm_term=prm6 … a must read!  @DestinyandBruce @DonaldJTrumpJr @DanScavino @EricTrump @gover_b
looks like a beautiful night to hear about how horrible off, our country is
@brianstelter @Fahrenthold @fitzpatrick_m @FriedlandJyoti Hi guys! thought youd like this
bankrupt failure - release your taxes
We are with the Donald God Bless you with Wisdom in the up coming debate.
an orange bowel movement that is...
Looks like a small group, 1/1000 the size of Obama's followers. @POTUS
#MAGA #BuildThatWall #NeverHillary #ProudDeplorable


we saw it before in Germany in 1933
yes, seen before in Nazi Germany.
get Trump water ready for hurricane victims
don't confuse attendance or Twitter followers as "support." I personally just find you amusing.
You are really a Huge FOOL!!
a nasty bowel movement
Small crowd, very small crowd, the smallest crowd. Ppl are saying, believe me, that ur crowds are shrinking. #sad
#bowelmovement
show us your taxes.

Don't you mean NEVAHDAH?
You got that right...TrumpenuPence!
Fools, giving away your democracy, this is not a reality show!!!
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Journalist%27s_Creed …
yes it is and we r not going to let corruption rule us
You are behind in nevada
Hillary all year has had less people at her rallies than Trump gets in a single day. #TrumpTrain
Hillary staying home preparing for you.Getting ready to scratch her nose again. Should scramble her ear piece.
Again pictures of the audience and not only the podium.
No, we've definitely seen it before.
ur running out of time to slam her! BRING OUT ALL HER DIRTY SECRETS & embarrass the whole family!! Even if its off sub!!!
MOVEMENT HA! You just had to steal Bernie's slogan huh. What's wtong, couldn't find your own Mr. Smarty Pants LMAOOOOO
looks like Nevadans are fed up with the liberal way finally!
the more evident it becomes the Donald Trump's going to lose the more his supporters hatred grows and grows. Scares me
takes more for a movement tahn you just saying so! More like a bowelmovent..
this is a movement that this country desperately needed. We needed to be woken up and get moving and excited again #America
did you gamble in your Nevada casino while you were there?....oh, that's right, you couldn't get a gambling license.
You always have giant crowds.  The People of this land are speaking out.
oh, a movement has been seen like this. Read The Rise and Fall.

check Pence's interview on Good Morning Joe and learn from him.
ehen ya comong to st louis big man
teach them how to pronounce "henderson" as well. !!  In your world, this has to be biggest issue in  USA!
how about learned my how to pronounce the name of the state your in???
Lived in Henderson yrs. ago.  Love Henderson, Nevada.
a bowel movement that is.
- You and your soul will pay dearly for what you are doing to America and Americans. Stay away from lightning storms.
Ya it's a movement alright ...... A BOWEL MOVEMENT
yes, truly a movement... LOL; love that you came up with that slogan
65% tax would literally put me out of business or would get rid of 2 employees! I so scared to tell them and their families
.@realDonaldTrump Mussolini-your pal-got large crowds too.Never have top Republicans said to vote 4 a Dem b4. U've set record! UR mega-liar
Reagan was according to the media 15 to 30 points down to Carter he won 44 states in a landslide
Donald the Armageddon is coming at you. Surrender today and admit defeat. Oh my you're destroyed by a woman. Aren't you sad
must win. A change is needed from family cartels!
WOW !! THESE CROWDS WERE UNBELIEVABLE TODAY !!  KEEP ON BEING CONSISTENT - YOU"RE  DOING VERY WELL  @CrossCity
Its not that Americans like you... They simply gather In large numbers to listen to your verbal diarrhea, wait for 8/11
I was at the Henderson Pavilion today! My second rally. First one was at South Point.
Amazing all these gullible people listen to the king of BS shout Insults , Lies. Awkward Trump in a gradeschool classroom.
Your rallies are so lame. An over medicated Trump reading a speech on a screen. The same speech over & over too. Boring.
I had a similar movement once, worst case of diarrhea I ever had
@IvankaTrump @Tramp  talk about China 
You will win her God said so
@IvankaTrump @Tramp if you can ignore her talk about your plans basket of shame awaits her on Sunday China
@IvankaTrump @Tramp God said talk about China in the next Sunday
It was awesome! Thanks for coming.
Wow what a huigh gathering at your rally-at least 800 people there with nobody trying to get in so don't lie Donnie
#LOSERtrump #LOSERdonald#CRYBABYtrump #Cowardtrump#RAPISTtrump #Racsittrump#bastardtrump #NeverTrump#deplorableparasitetrump
Pence is the better candidate for president
Please Mr. Trump - don't forget us in CA!  We are here.  I want you to know this.
i'll bet ol harry soiled his depends when he saw this
 wreck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXNKQW7QQFc …
bowel movement.
Be the first one to Florida after  hurricane!!
@Gypsydragup  trump wins
u should drive E a few miles to Boulder City. Then S. Have a look at all the fully functional #solar arrays in that valley.
God be with you  Mr President  Trump MAGA

where are your taxes fool
.@realDonaldTrump It's ne VA da. Duh! You were horrible! Really!
the only movement you should worry about if the one I take each morning..  they do remind me of you, Donny
oh it's a MOVEMENT alright.
holy cow that's 25x the amount of people at HRC rallies combined
Where are the tax returns?
the BOWEL MOVEMENT continues
hear this all with Reagan  they were wrong then and wrong now. We need Trump more now then ever. Media is anti America.
Great Rally! Watched LIVE on RSBN.

We support you from North Las Begas Nevada.  Two votes from our house to you and a better life when you win!!!!!
You look like a movement I just had
