My well wishes w/ debate.. WA shooting occurred approx 40 min drive ( w no traffic) 37.1 mile from where you spoke in WA.
Trump is the only American as excited about terrorist attacks as the terrorists themselves.
you're a bigly JYINAAAH!
Cheer up Trump.   I'm sure there will be another attack in the future and maybe that one will be committed by a refugee.
What Trump really means is he hates anyone who isn't a white Christian, but resents being called racist or xenophobic.
He was an American. If you disagree. I'll call you a "European immigrant. "
Here's what Trump has said about people who withhold information,  such as taxes.  "Makes you wonder what they're hiding."
Quit hiding your taxes and delete your account!
He's an American citizen,  with middle eastern heritage.He was as American as http://you.You  want to vilify these people so badly!
You want a middle eastern refugee to commit an act of terror here, you can't stand it. He was American.   Get it right!
What is your policy on drugs, I haven't heard one. Nice to light the match and then complain about the fire #nc riots
Shooter came here at 6, was a legal resident. Here legally for over 15 years. Hard to set policy when based on lies
stop tweeting, get off your ass and at least act like you give a shit.
@RuffusMD the sky is falling :-)

, that's right the Democrats have nothing else to run on except for race
well that would suck maybe if you can convince the Democratic Party to talk about something else besides race
hold steady. GO TRUMP
.@realDonaldTrump - I'll take "Random Pointless Thoughts" for $500, Alex
enough already. real change is coming. time to #MAGA!
sadly governments have lost touch with what is needed at home and would rather spend millions and millions helping foreign
do you like Torn by Natalie Imbruglia?

Tiny hands, like chipolatas taped to an Oreo.
One presidential candidate who inspires the worst in people. Look in the mirror if you want to place blame! @HillaryClinton
I see the lefty posters are up to their usual smears.
The BHO/HRC army is increasing attacks. We need to stop importing people with hateful ideologies! http://bit.ly/2cW9m0i 
NBC started blocking Trump supporters censorship at it's finest
you're a white terrorist

Who's using your Twitter acct? #CrookedTrump doesn't use the words "Middle Eastern immigrant" he blames the religion Islam.
BREAKING: @realDonaldTrump Shocks Media by Revealing Attention Span Sufficient to Read All Three Facebook Trending Topics
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
@BhattiLaw what do you think he's trying to get across with this one? 
wait what did he tweet?! Is it deleted????

Are you the Republican nominee for POTUS or my local news guy? Hard to tell sometimes.
only trump will fix this !!
BHO, is our enemy. The US is under attack...
SHORT TEMPER TRUMP tell the truth not fictional fairy stories
no wonder they called you #DonnieDimwit in school.
Sad.
This was another Islamic Terror attack by a Muslim immigrated fully vetted by Obama/Hillary.  Islamic terror in NJ NY MN WA
what a mess Obama has us in! Plz right this ship
please go eat a lot of greasy fried chicken asap
.@realDonaldTrump thanks for live-tweeting CNN. you would be really pretty if you lost some weight and smiled more.
news updates
You sound pretty excited about the riots. Simmer down.

the republican party was formed primarily to end slavery lol know some basic history
If your last great civil rights achievement was in the 1800s, your party has problems.
GOP also passed womens suffrage and civil rights amendment but just ignore that

@Hr5770 @realDonaldTrump
presidents get the facts before popping off
You mean like saying "a video caused the Benghazi attack"?
you're just saying things
Hillary will continue to protect the sponsors of 9/11 - their blood money is funding her campaign. #TerroristsForHillary
you should be ashamed of your love affair with Putin. He's playing you like his bitch. #FAIL #debates
Hillary and her shills are so full of hate. We've had enough!
Speaking of hate have you been to a Trump rally How many old women on oxygen have been punched at Clinton's rallies
I have been to Trump rally. It was full of love. My friend's children were attacked by Hillary supporters outside, tho.
91 Americans are killed by gun violence every single day. You have proposed nothing to address this crisis.
100% of gun violence is caused by.. guns! what happened to fighting with bare hands like real men used to do?
you got that right! The debate moderators better do their jobs. They better call Trump out on his lies!
Hillary being honest
Um, okay.
I have blocked that POS! There are some crazies on here!
Vote Trump
There's no reason in the world to vote for the inexperienced!
He has plenty of experience as a negotiator, running companies wtf r u talking about?
Can you give masturbation tips to people that also suffer from small hands? #NeverTrump #ClownTrain #DumpTrump
name one thing the Democratic party has done successfully in the past 8 years all they have to run on race
golly gee, I dunno, maybe saved us from the worst recession since before WWII?
her in a worse position now than we were before get your facts straight
I'm gonna call you Short Memory Sean! @runyonsean67
name two things Hillary Clinton has done successful as Secretary of State and I'll vote for her
...ON HER PRIVATE SERVER . THAT'S KINDA...2!;-)
Apparently it isn't only Muslims he wants to ban now. It's anyone from the Middle East. @realDonaldTrump
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
U decided in your own mind to make up words.. that @realDonaldTrump  did not post or say .. The Shooter is from Turkey
.@realDonaldTrump 

Your bobby pins are hanging out!
.@realDonaldTrump 

Try to keep your filthy, tiny paws off of Ivanka.

https://www.scribd.com/mobile/doc/316341058/Donald-Trump-Jeffrey-Epstein-Rape-Lawsuit-and-Affidavits …
Eww...hadn't seen that one.
There is nothing wrong with @MELANIATRUMP having modeled sensually .. Sex is natural.
Yes it is.. She is a beautiful lady & there is nothing wrong w female sexuality
But progressive women are all sluts?
The real people that support u such as my family and myself. U are who r. Don't ever 4get that. #keepitreal.  Respect u...
U are a leader. Hillary. Is a yes Mam 2 #money... Corruption. Shame on her.. Disgusting Hillary. Trump#1
@trumphop Uh Puerto Rico?

Name one unvetted terrorist!
we need you!
Before he starts working, maybe he should pay his many debts and stop suing everyone.
MOST businesses carry debt for the tax break. Same reason I don't pay off my house, tax deductible
Not paying workers and refusing to pay for goods and services isn't a mortgage or tax write-off.
proof please? Biased media articles and frivolous lawsuits don't count.
Well, I guess it would have to be on #FauxNews in order for you to believe it.
sorry  to disappoint you, but I don't trust them either. Don't go to their channel or their website ever
Hot dog! Everything's coming up Trump!
True. It's unfortunate that it takes a loss of lives for him to have a chance of winning though.
I was joking obv. He seems gleeful over tragedy.
Is there any way you Trump people can express an opinion without name-calling?
Not gleeful. Angry. Just like I am and you SHOULD be after Islamic terrorist attacks in our country
Hi Andrew,glad Donald won,he was the only one who talked about Macy's shootings!
.@realDonaldTrump 

What do drugs have to do with mass killings?

You're too stupid for words.

#ReleaseTheReturns
#NeverTrump
Although you've misunderstood @realDonaldTrump, mass killings & drugs are clearly linked: http://hitchensblog.mailonsunday.co.uk/2016/07/25-murders-and-massacres-one-common-link-drugs.html …
.@simonacollins @realDonaldTrump 

Yeah, no. 

This is a coded "drug war" message.

Got a peer reviewed source for your BS?
Nope, just anecdotes. You got any for yours?
Sorry but your rhetoric is very odd. I've provided numerous instances (via link) of a link between drugs and mass killings.
.@simonacollins 

But no #STEM cowboy.

You're no doctor.
Buckle up.  You came to me.

http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/23/politics/john-ehrlichman-richard-nixon-drug-war-blacks-hippie/ …
Interesting,but war on drugs is global, USA's race issues quite unique (from my Aussie PoV). Drugs assc w/ MKs worldwide.
What is the hidden agenda behind all this violence. Martial law? @realDonaldTrump
List of bad things that have happened.  I could do that.   #tinyhands

Al-Qaeda Handbook Tells Lone Wolves To Use "Mental Illness History" to Cover Up Jihadist Motives https://is.gd/IMB1xC 
Your tracks are showing - #BadWeave @realDonaldTrump
OMG what is that. I just threw up in my mouth.
You can't go around throwing shade at gay and black folks and expect getting a good weave  - @JamboSchlarmbo @LeinShory @realDonaldTrump
I've seen better hair on a Cabbage Patch Doll, his hair is wrecked.
not apples to apples.  The only commonalities is trump k and c are TERRIBLE
We need you to help our country.
we need to get tough. Fast!
God bless you.
Trump be kind tonight and you WILL win the election. No sexist remarks, no personal attacks and you'd win hands down!
if you are going to report news how about fact checking that Drumpf guy?
#debate#don't let her get under your skin, just smile!
We want to see your tax returns. Prove your not in the pocket of Russia & the middle east. Show us where your $ comes from.
Turkey is not the Middle East, assclown.
Yes Mr. Trump Hillary wants no borders so she can finish off our democracy like Europe!
And you, "GOD REINCARNATED" will fix this?  Give me a break.  Your ego's the only thing we see. #DontheCon,  #TrumptyDumpty
Why do you not point out the fact that you didn't break any laws not paying federal taxes because of the laws they enact
Move to Russia.
The Clintons stole art and furniture from the White House the first time they moved out. Is she going back for round two?
time2dump the PC BS,Stand Bhind LaWenforcement!Obey the Laws&rules or pay the price.Deport all undocumented&follow theLAW☆
Obama didn't lead period. Why have another progressive Democrats who will just be a carbon copy ofthe status quo?NeedChange
And your point is??
no riots Noone should be watching the nfl
Violence in America out of control People R frustrated some of us R working 2-3 jobs just to survive Weak Obama is to blame
Fearmongering xenophobia anyone? POS
Radical Muslims enact hate crimes; it's murder & it's hate crime. Is it white privilege of Democrats to disregarding this?
Love it or leave it.
I don't believe I'd wanna be living in Charlotte right now.

They are protest in NC, imbecile. I can't wait for you to get served tmrw.
he also a Hillary Clinton supporter
And 2 were killed in East Tennessee by a guy with a concealed carry permit and blah, blah, blah. Go away.
.@realDonaldTrump 

1-K Rts of a factually & intentionally false DT tweet. Shooter was Hispanic not middle-eastern, not that its less tragic
sky is falling chicken little
.  Obama Administration clueless Attorney General mindless

Let me guess...you alone can fix it.
hey the mall shooting was DOMESTIC VIOLENCE  - have @KellyannePolls explain that to you before you tweet again
Feeding your minions more fear and racism I see ...
@SKHECH keep spreading the fear Donald. Need to convince a few more poor white uneducated males
All of the fear and loathing is on your side. Anyone not supporting Hilldawg has been branded stupid/racist.
racists not because they aren't supporting Clinton. They could vote independent. Racist cause they support a racist because racism
Doom , Despair, and Agony on me...

Hillary will continue to keep you off track! When you get off track, you are not acting very presidential!!
Hey, #treasonous @realDonaldTrump: how does #Putin's dick taste, anyway?

#debates2016
Poisoned @Skittles in WA ? @realDonaldTrump
How many people died from guns since you tweeted this? Stop playing the race card. Shameful. #trump
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
I think you are overdosing on something.
How's your comment about having police take people's guns going over with the @NRA?
He wasn't a RECENT IMMIGRANT.  He had a domestic violence history ..like you
are we playing word association?
This made no sense.
why would your followers like this news? Because they are bad news junkies like you?
"let her and her family know you'll be arresting her when elected"
@LATiffani1 it's like purge happening in real life. Has this even happened with any other president?  Police ordered to
All your fault.
The killer from W.S. was Turkish, why can't you say Turkish?? Don't want to offend the Turkish President your new BFF.
@STRONG_OPED 
OBAM-ERICA
Hey, I think you've found your niche in life, a newscaster. Maybe FOX  would hire you.@oreillyfactor would be sad.

that is why we need you in the White House! See u in Wisconsin soon
Be honest. You got an erection while typing that.
stupid trump...
but you are the number one you killed the heart of %60 off the Republicans with your incapacity intelectual
Wait, what? 
.@realDonaldTrump  France, Britain, US - we all do business w middle eastern muslims from Sharia Law nations.
If they try to bring up that trash on sacrifice try explaining how u worked hard for years causing a big sacrifice 4 family
but nobody ever dies from marijuana
mr frump drug over dose in America has tripled ! Especially upstate New York of heroine ! These are children under 20 !
just the way our gov wants it
the one candidate who both instigated and enjoys this behavior.
The News Media Right Away Said It Was A Hispanic Male Before They Had All The Facts.
we don't need prayer for the middle easterners. We need extradition. ENOUGH!!!!
Mr President you know I,my behind you myself I thought you did a good job. But they said you sucked and they No one tell U
AND UR GONNA WHAT? SAVE US? PFFF, I'LL COUNT ON GOD FOR THAT, AND IF U READ THE BIBLE HE (REALLY) SAVES US #nevertrump
Yay liberal agendas
Trump + drug problem = slogans only.
you failed to mention that immigrant was a citizen
Your gleeful tone is gross. Also, what's your point--Donald Trump as cure-all? Yeah.right.
I really wanted your tweet to end "hey look, a squirrel!"
more tragedies, oh man Donald you must be having an orgasm.  More chances for you to put yourself out there!  #trumplies
I'm an Ohioian, there is a lack of treatment centers in the Midwest. Many end up in FL treatment centers.
it is terrible. Al I ask tonight is please stick to the issues- present your ideas clearly -- I'm for u
These Problems are an Example of what Happens During a Democratic President who is a Radical Islamic Terrorist ! No Hillary

SCARY! SCARY! FEAR! BE SCARED!
We sure need our law and order president who will seal the borders and put America first! Landslide Trump2016!
One should not forget to b humble and full of gratitude. It was middle east col gaddafi m who made u rich with his money.
tom  night, you will be exposed to America... I'd be worried if I were you !
need to speak to u Donald.. re: stop and frisk only one issue;; ultra important.. many law abiding citizens fed up
like you...care..do you know that , you are the biggest isis supporter...i dont know how you feel sorry for that..
America needs change Obamacare failure19 trillion debt anti law enforcement Hillary supports sexual harassment from husband
All you do is lie and spread hates and violence among people. Can't wait for November. Time for you to go away.
UNBELIEVABLE
HILLARY no clue on jobs; never created even one! THAT should be focus of debate! &her luv of slaver$; she a woman abuser!
The 7 seals are being broken.  It is sad.  The man was a Turk.
.@realDonaldTrump 
It is possible for USA to help Syrian refugees REMOTELY, while keeping then closer to Syria. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
2016: it's like watching a couple of retards trying to hump a doorknob.
-yeah that sounds like Cuban- a no class ugly SOB-his team will soon be worthless
And your point is??? #DUMPTRUMP
Ohio has a serious problem with heroin drug overdoses and it's recurring. Your tweet solves zilch. All talk, no action.
Obama/Clinton/Soros are getting their way: America has become a Hell-on-earth b/c of their actions. THEY MUST BE STOPPED!
yet we don't know motive of attack. Don't rush to judgement. Not the sign of a good leader.
What about
these muslim camps in the U.S Mr. Trump.?  It is confirmed that there are over 22 Jihadi Training Camps in U.S.A
I wish you had some type of plan to help families with loved ones with addictions. The pharms control treatment!
They are covering for Obama & Hillary the under report the assaults & attacks won't cover it honest!
THE COUNTRY ISblowingUP W/LIBERAL DEMOCRAT PROGRESSIVE passiv"CHAOTIC"policy which=FAILURE!ProgressivesSAY U R LIAR?DT=LAW!
RIP
Shut up
 UK: Muslim gang attack a couple while their Children watch  helplessly! Disgusting!
Many many more will die if you are elected. The country may even go to another civil war. Trump must be stopped
and what u going to do to fix it.
