Great Family, and DJT is our only real choice! VOTE NOV. 8TH
your poor wife having to defend her liar husband.  Hope she gets a big diamond
Trump will make America a laughing stock,  like he is already doing now
she is a true first class woman
Dont let up you got this!
you must have wrote her speech this time, she sounds just like you
clearly your wife doesn't read your social media stuff!
Melania is the next Jackie O and Nancy Reagan! Libs are sexist! WOW! http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/02/make-first-lady-great-again-why-melania.html …

Melania just plagiarized Trump's second wife Marla Maples. Here's the only Google results for "if you could dream it, you could become it": 
She was Awesome! Gob be with you all! Lets win this!
lol gob? Lol God be with you all!
you have small hands.
that poor woman had to be touched by you-bleech #FreeMelania
Really you and your Barbie Doll!
bully
Sorry, no. Highly educated voters are NOT behind Trump. As your clueless bully would say, "Wrong!"
nothing like being suckered by a failed business man who gropes women, divides our country, and has no world view(or friends)
Brutal thought and most idiot man in the world.
She is a beautiful lady, inside & out. Thank you to the Trump family for all you are doing for the US.
keep it up Donald go for the kill!!!!
She described you perfectly in her litany of bad behaviors. Word for word Donald Trump's personality. She is a JOKE!
should the American people be paying for obamas and Biden while the are campaigning

first time she has done anything for campaign not impressed she could care less about us
Best wife money can buy.
She is gorgeous.  Beautiful.
you need a thicker rug...we can see your bald head!
surrounded by all your friends
sick burn
your plane sucks @realDonaldTrump
Troo Storee. Always @realDonaldTrump alone in his gaudy possessions. Lonely! SAD!
your whole family has already made us proud! Thank you all - can't wait for Nov. 8th!! #DrainTheSwamp
#Melinia was totally awesome!
I love your wife. You can tell she is a very intelligent woman & very loyal to her family! God Bless America & drain the...
Thanks to Mr. Trump America has never been more divided. Glad he has wasted $100M+ on his failed campaign. #VoteOrGrope
Educate yourself. You sound like a true lib fool. Obama divided us. Hillary wants to finish us off.
you said you never watch CNN!
And U must not be an American because u OBVIOUSLY support that f'kn LYING, corrupt criminal running against him!!
I'm still wondering how he dodged the draft three times bankruptcy 3 or4 times and two was a casino a casino how?
Keep wondering....it's useless with u people who want Shillary....
real American ha 
I'm proud of our First Lady!
isn't it funny that she talked about stopping internet bullying and she's married to you! The biggest bully on the 'net
And it's Amazing that Hillary is for women rights but yet except money from countries that abuse women. hum?
accepts would be the word to use there.
accept Trump as President would be the new word to use.
I am disgusted couldn't your WHORE have worn a bra or is that not okay with Put in?
your hand is tiny
Tiny hands tiny brain tiny soul tiny morals tiny life tiny heart tiny values...Tiny Trump
you're over next week.
I'm black and ashamed that we are from the same community! Show some love to your country! #BlacksForTrump


So Proud of our First Lady 
Why do you find it necessary to call her "beautiful"?  Why is everything about objectifying women with you?
Oh Mr. Potus! She IS beautiful and we are sooo proud! We know she loves America! Have a Happy 4th!
Thankful for our POTUS and FLOTUS

Yes! Love our @POTUS @FLOTUS
What a great photo of Pres & Melania.
She is an excellent example of grace and dignity and conducts herself with humility.  So extremely proud to say she is our FLOTUS.
I'm glad you liked Michelle Obama's speech!
You have made us proud!  We  our FLOTUS and POTUS!
Your family already makes me very proud Mr. President #45
Yes she is, we're so proud for her to be our First Lady. And thank you Mr. President for renewing our patriotism and hope for a better USA.
Couldthink you don't have #CNN Fake News
I our @FLOTUS!
She makes me nervous. The Slovenian accent and your love for Putin scare me.
sounds racist to me?
Racism matters now after your candidate has been doing it since he launched his campaign? Good one.
so you deny it was a racist comment?  Come on John,  you got caught!
DUH. Being from another country HAS NOTHING TO DO W/RACE.No wonder Trump "Loves the uneducated"
Again, women that are STILL somehow voting for this groper, what the fuck is wrong with you?! #YaBrainBroke
Oh! You've really turned me around by posting that wonderful news source Saturday Night Live! #Pathetic
Wikileaks is not to believe in or not. It's there to expose the corrupt - unlike media

#podestaemails32
REAL women don't vote for groper TRUMP , hows the Stripclub you work for
i didn't know you can abbreviate (in)
https://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/abbreviate …
Watching it all alone.....
.@realDonaldTrump Your beautiful wife plagiarizing that other wife of yours:
.@realDonaldTrump We will all be proud to see you resigned to the dustbin of history next week. #unfit
another one afraid they will have to say by by!
No, that would be Melanie if Trump became president. https://www.google.com/amp/www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/11/05/trumps-wife-worked-illegally-during-her-first-weeks-in-us-documents-show.amp.html …
okay! Once again that would be news if true! The Dems use what they can.
Di you get her visa yet? Still waiting on that proof you promised Mr. F**kface Von Clownstick
You mean the one that worked in the US before she had the proper Visa?  When will you deport her?
looks like you don't have any actual friends there Donald.
Where's your other hand, Don?
Talking about you Cyber Bully
what do they have you got all of Phil's DNA out of the Oval Office yet and now he'll be back doing it again please no no no
You should all be deeply ashamed of yourselves. The only thing  you love, little Donald, is YOU
I already am. 
poor thing needs to smile more she is looking tired.  Now your 2nd wife @itsmarlamaples will never age she is beautiful.
Drop out
Drop out
DROP OUT
DROP OUT
careful, she said that as first lady she would work to make social media less hostile, nevermind, she won't be first lady.

Awesome Awesome Awesome  Praise God for a man like Mr. Trump
all the way to White House, please drop Obutthead and Killary in FBI lobby w cuffs on
And bullying. Don't forget Bullying. I think she was trying to show the world how she really feels about you. Not Good.
And about bullying.
such a sweet picture! #powercouple #relationshipgoals
don't you love the irony of how she's against internet bullying and you wrote the book on it?
Trump get more support for the backbone of our workforce .. the Hispanics which really care about America !
Thank you for your sacrifices for us. Semper fi sir.
She'll be the first Stepford Wife in office. No personality, perfect store bought body, robotic on the inside. #nevertrump
Donald Chump is uneducated and is incapable of staying on topic and answering questions in detail.
@kfstudent17 Look who apparently wears glasses and watches CNN!!!! Busted....
Vegas odds of Hillary Clinton winning. WoW
yes we believe you are going to touch lives .
yea, Melania, the person who steals people's work! Idiot
lemme guess. That's as close as you get to grabbing her p*ssy these days? #loser #deplorablessuck
Sounds like Melania is voting for Clinton.
she did an outstanding job.. congratulations to Melania..and the whole family..country would be fortunate to have all of u!
...Mr. Trump!Please consider this phrase as an addition to your other guarantees...Make America FREE Again...#TRUMP4AMERICA
Doubt it
listen to the words  if she can't get you to stop being a bully  how is she going to help the children of this country?
Melania was amazing.  She's a STAR!  Melania for FLOTUS!
Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen:Hebrews. You Donald are our substance. Trust U
She's SHALLOW becuz she doesn't believe what ur having her say! What a JOKE u ALL Are! Millionaire Hillbillies hahaha
She was wonderful. be proud of her, She will be a fantastic I'll be proud to have her 
represent us as Americ's first lady
We can see your bald spot.
MILF detected. I'll finish the job you can't start :wink: :wink:
why isn't anyone talking about Bill Clinton and Hilary and the paedophile billionaires
beautiful wife?? Ahhh...beautiful trophy wife
Rock-Rap Artist Stanley Keith makes Music video for Trump http://youtu.be/Q_FFzePt4mA 
You most definitely will not. Believe me.
looks lonely in that plane
All plastic
She worked as an illegal immigrant. SMH
Come on MR Trump Please Donate to my Campaign . I Donated to yours lol . No really I don't care if its ten dollars .Thanks
Wow! what a beautiful, classy lady.  Unlike Michelle or Hillary. She will bring beauty, grace and elegance back to W.H.


I wish I could see his face. "Eat the cake Anna Mae!"
Big Difference from Michelle Obama who never was proud of our country.  Trump must win, get out & #VoteTrump16

,@sheliadjo ,Mr.Trump you did a great job ,little rocky to start but looked like a President in the end !
You make me very ashamed to be white, male, and American. Nothing about you or your mail order wife make me proud
only through division can you control. She is an opportunist just like you. She has $$ but spiritually stunted.

Such a Beautiful and Poignant Photo ... @MELANIATRUMP is so Gracious! #AmericasNextFirstFamily ... #TrumpPence16. #MAGA
I HATE LIARS. ESPECIALLY SOME UGLY ORANGE PIECE OF SHIT  u are one of the ugliest men ever how Does malania stand you
4 eyes, yer a loser! Get yer glasses checked!! #maga #rememberwhentrump
there seems to be a few extra empty chairs there on the trump plane... can I come  hang out ?
Up is down. Right is left. Ice is cold. King Bully's wife is going to protect us from bullying. Next, gravity will go up.
Hey, I thought you didn't watch CNN. And why all the empty seats? #lonely #isolated #SAD!
No, she wouldn't! She doesn't think grabbing lady parts when uninvited is assault!  What's up with that?
Nothing u can do or say would ever make America proud.
#rapist trumps wife is illegal. #russia brands Trump embarrassing. Illegal deals with china. #rape claims double
WE ARE SO PROUD OF YOUR LIES, CONS, FRAUD, SEXUAL ASSAULT, RACISM & MISOGYNY. NOT!
wonder how it makes Fox feel that he's watching it on CNN
she could start at home protecting people from a cyberbully  And she used Marla Maples quote? #copycat
will she help you delete your account?
die and delete
ou delete and die plutot

she was awesome
Get out, Melania! The mean tweets are coming from inside the house!
"hey you take a picture of me watching my wife on tv."  You suck
Will that be the plane she is on when she is deported? #DeportMelania #DeportBarron #Anchorbaby #Illegal
We love you and we want your victory as the Victory over evil, You are the solution to America and need of the nation
we r BOYCOTTING CNN!! And all of the corrupt bias media they will never recover!
So, how ironic, Melania talks about how horrible cyber bullying is.  Traitor Trump is a cyber bully.

who did she #plagiarize this time?  GreatWhiteDope
#IBelieve!
- you are not in competition with a single opponent but all corporate America..!" 
go home old man.
get real you fool
can some Trump supporter explane to me his appeal, I'm not looking for an argument just trying to honestly understand him?

Yes, Trump is a fascist. And now the FBI. But we can beat them because they're GODDAMNED MORON FASCISTS! 

IT'S OVER. Trump is an admitted sexual abuser, charged with raping a child, brags about groping women. Is he psychotic?
she plagiarized Michelle obamas speech hun
.@realDonaldTrump Did you miss the beautiful part about her opposition to online bullying .. and ... you realize that you do that, right?
 @FoxNews anchor @BretBaier apologized Fri for false report that indictments were likely in Clinton Foundation @politico
outstanding!

no you are not
Donald Trump accuser in CHILD RAPE CASE cancels first press conference due to threats from Trump supporters!
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/fbi-clinton-emails-investigation-fake-documents_us_581c85f6e4b0d9ce6fbb32fe …
very proud of you both and your family let's hope we can get you in the White House !!!!
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT
https://www.yahoo.com/finance/news/trumps-wife-modeled-us-prior-getting-visa-012948596--election.html …
her crime is she married you. I've no sympathy for stupid wife of yours.  I am so embarrassed for her every time she speaks
Does she know who you are? She's arguing for less hate on the internet -- and  you are the king of vile insults on Twitter
Actually shocked you ok'd this, glasses and such thin combover AND short fingers on display!!!
nah! We good Shawty!
I guess it's true sticks and stones may break bones but words do hurt people, giving away US secrets doesn't bother them?
you actually "allowed" her to speak? Too bad the dimwit has no clue about bullying & no one can understand her
do you people try and make her look bad?
beautiful my ass she's ugly af
hahahaha
