RAPIST
Trump raped a 14yr old girl!
amazing it's women who defend Pervert #Trump Does it excite u listening to the tape?groping his daughter?
I don't condone adultery at all cheaters suck Hillary was the betrayed spouse she is running not Bill
Clinton News Network polls oversample liberals and don't listen to REAL AMERICANS! #TrumpLandslide http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/10/the-twtw-election-model-trumps-path-to.html …
that's the spirit, Nancy.
woah. How will you destroy them?
no problem. I just want to know how you'll destroy people. Like how exactly?
Take Our Country Back! #VOTETRUMP
They are the pharisees Jesus harshly condemned!
let's turn the blue to red or we will all be dead
I'm so glad this ass is killing his own campaign. Can't wait to say Madame President.
Your hate rhetoric and fear mongering is the first step is destroying America.
@maidaa17you obviously don't know the meaning of Trader I suggest you look it up in the dictionary and reconsider your post
if you look up trader you will see the meaning of trading your morals for political gain. Traitor is the Donald .
we  the people are mad as hell
TrumpPence16 FOR THE PEOPLE
I invite all our president  followers, to boycott all the Hollywood  Dummy's.  Lets turn their game around 
MR TRUMP YOU CAN KEEP THIS COUNTRY OUT OF THAT DARK HOLE WE THE PEOPLE ARE ABOUT TO FALL IN YOU GOT THE ROPE TO PULL US OUT
He does not have the rope, he has a helicopter, and a plane to go to somewhere the rest of us can't afford
YES, YOUR POINT AT LEAST WE THE PEOPLE DIDNT PAY FOR HIS BUT WE NOT ONLY PAID FOR HERS ...LIVES WERE LOST GIVE ME A BREAK!
He will not save us, he will destroy the economy, look at Brexit, the pound is crashing, and u want that?
WE BOTH HAVE A STRONG OPINION ON WHO WE WANT TO BE THE NEXT PRESIDENT SO MY FRIEND GOOD LUCK 
I don't need luck, if Hillary wins nothing changes, if Trump wins we all lose, I can't stress that enough.
WELL LIKE I SAID WE HAVE OUR OPINIONS AND I WILL LEAVE IT AT THAT .
I hope u have a wonderful day, and friendly debates are always better then trashing each other.
@SpeakerRyan #deplorables will remember how Rep leaders turns back on Trump & Americans #goodluckgettingreelected
bunch yellow livered dogs.
says the egg... poor Trump, grasping at straws...
Elitist RNC shark infested waters. Call RNC today (202-479-7000).  Don't give them another dime.
Your followers communicate with memes because they can't spell.
*grammar

Thank you for proving the point
We want Trump
FBI Director Comey said he could not find "intent"-He did not look very hard.
just ask the people for forgiveness. God forgives
The GOP is scared to death of Trump Presidency because it will expose their lobbyist's globalist agenda.
I'm a domestic violence Survivor. What's your view on Domestic Violence

#Imwithher

we got you back here in St. Louis
I'm going to start a rat file listing the Rep elected types calling for Trump to hand the Oval Office to Dems.
Trouble is supporting Trump is supporting a despicable predator, molester, asssault of women. The basest or Evil
Just stop saying everything that comes into your brain. Use a filter, for heaven sake!
those GOP traitors have been 'in' with the Democrats all along.. the corruption runs deep!
GOP traitors were always there...chameleons.  But they showed their true colors ~ libtards in disguise.
WRONG AGAIN--UR THE ONE DESTROYING AMERICA #nevertrump PAY TAXES, U LYIN RACIST HYPOCRITE
He followed the tax law that existed during Clinton's adm.. Pays billions in property taxes, payroll t. Etc..
#DRUMPF U WILL OBEY EVERY COMMAND! I'M IN CONTROL! @HillaryClinton @POTUS @CNN @CBSNews @cnnbrk @USATODAY CU2NITE

 Trump Ur Intellect Will Be Very Important 4 DEBATE! TRUMP U CAN TAKE THIS DEBATE...Show These Moran's Who Is Boss!
pay your taxes that will MAGA
tragic that some people don't think of the greater good 
I don't give a shit about the GOP (they're Rhinos paid by special donors) Fire them all Trump - When you are KING
TOTALLY AGREE, GOP are morons, I WILL NOT vote for Hilary
as in BANKRUPTCY 7 TIMES?
It you
You're not even a republican!
When Trump said that on tap a decade ago he was a Democrat until he wised up oh the irony.
Oldie but a goodie.
they did vote4im, w/ a little help of communist vladimir to push their self destructive ultra capitalistic agenda

broke back mountIN IN A THREESOME
Our Representation on Capitol Hill thinks nothing more of Americans than Hillary Clinton does.
we are in it to win it
Deactivate your account and drop out!
YOU are the traitor
a disagreement is not being a traitor, jerk. ONLY in your eyes.... just can;t take it, ca you???
or they're supporting @GovGaryJohnson instead
they are supporting her because they know when you get in their gravy train is pulling into the station and they're scared
Give us a break.  If it was anyone else they'd be in jail.  he should too.
I totally agree
is the vote for #RapistInCheif, who's above the law, because he's "a star". As #LyingTed said, vote your...
you got some vile, sick supporters, man.
so, when is Trump's court date to answer the charge of raping a 13 year old??!!
typical "Trumpet logic". 
you know you've lost deep down
new album not doing well ? have to resort to posting shit on twitter ?
Who the hell is the Green moron?  What kind of sh:)t music does he do?
it's pretty shit tbh but hey, I try
Good boy.
fankz
and they know this, who are they kidding
the American people have a right to vote keep @HillaryClinton  out of office
Endorsing Bill's behavior, Hillary's acceptance of that behavior and her lack of transparency and incompetence.
do the right thing, hand it over to Pence and get out.
So anyone not supporting Trump is a traitor? Is #USA becoming a Banana Republic?
yes it has, if you don't like it go to libya
No not supporting you walking trainwreck. 
We're all still with you Mr. Trump! Keep on Truckin! You're plowing through MSM bullshit, we're almost there!
#RIP #GOP
#TrexitTime
go watch outlaw Morgan on YouTube Donald. He's right on about CNN and kiliary
MOve on. Talk issues on Hillary's treason!
If they have to go down, they want to go down with the power they've already attained.
Trump on tape is exercising his 1st amendment of freedom of speech and opinion.  Nothing wrong with that.
Evidently they want to help Hillary destroy country OPEN BORDER MASS IMMIGRATION our precious tax dollarsIRAN
#NOTRUMPNOVOTE
they don't care. They are part of one world order dictatorship
there is an old saying," It is better to be silent and presumed stupid than to speak and remove all doubt"
DAMMIT! STAY OFF TWITTER!     TRUMP 2016
Now you know who are loyal, their true colors revealed. Remember when you become president.
those people are losers, we don't need them!
we will remember the snakes . Just like we remember hillary protecting that adulterer husband of hers. Go TRUMP T
@maidaa17WE the people put @realDonaldTrump where he is and WE will Put him in the WH.  @GOP @Reince @SpeakerRyan @CNN
All of these Traitors objectify women. EVERY man on the planet has looked at porn. I support you Don. Forget these morons.
is a fake account. Nice.
maybe stop being so demeaning to women and actually get a chance at winning? Just a thought
you should quit the race now!
NO they are trying to keep the country safe from the idiot who doesn't belong anywhere near the White House.

the Republican Elite want Hillary because it will maintain the status quo and they can continue to screw us over.

Ryan bragged about what he was going to do.Well, it's been a year, he's accomplished nothing.Resign
they obviously have a lot to hide
A vote for Trump is a victory for misogynists, racist and tax evaders. we'd be doomed
I told Reince, down ballots that don't support Trump stand a very high chance of losing.
voting for @GovGaryJohnson . both main candidates are a joke
The Bush family started this treason. Historic shame.
Trump destroyed American & @SenateGOP  @HouseGOP @Reince @tedcruz @marcorubio @ChrisChristie & others helped him!
Truth
you are ruining America. Your privilege to grab women's pussy is at the heart of it. Not remotely presidential
Destroy trump..his family..his businesses...his racist ways..hos bigoted ways..hes a molester
.@realDonaldTrump @maidaa17 
Dear Americans, you can't be so stupid to lead @HillaryClinton into the oval house.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
If you think that the dems "just found" the bus clip, you're wrong. They have dirt on every Rep candidate just in case...
#trashTrump
they are trying to save america in the name of decency. your empire is crumbling before the eyes of the america!
We have two horrific candidates. I'll be writing in for prez and voting conservatives for Senate.
hang in there djt. We're headed for a revolution.
Kick Ass at the Debate. Don't let her blind side you. You got to win this.
definition of RAT: Rinos  against  Ttump.
I only vote 4 adults your actions prove u r not one Also Class not Trash #NeverTrumporHillary

Each vote for @realDonaldTrump is a vote against women and reinforces the "deplorables" tag correctly assigned.
yes, voting for HER.
more like they value our country more than party line... it's called intelligence & democracy #GroperDonald
Not voting for you is losing my support for them.
too bad they stuck for a while in your stupidity and demonish act towards women.
GOP hold Hillary as accountable for 30YRS of CORRUPTION. #NEVERHILLARY
as a Republican I am totally disgusted by the party. They are rigging the election for Killary... absolutely shameful
GOP and Dems are ruling class, not protectors and promoters of U.S. citizens. But you know this.
if the gop don't support use and you we don't support them when its to for there election
I hope you clean house after you win!
there's a reason for that, because you're a pervert like Anthony Weiner.
Trump will shuck the world, we are with him all the way.
MEN WHO VOTE FOR HILLARY ARE PUSSYWHIPED or WHIMPS…….REAL MEN and STRONG WOMEN VOTE TRUMP
QUIT!
very politician that pulled out will be voted out of their positions
#Trump apologized for what he said  but #Clinton never apologized for what she did (#paidspeeches #scandals )
I will vomit on trump! Clinton for President!
If I wanted to vote for her, I'd vote for her. But, I don't want to and so I am not going to.
WE WILL NOT VOTE ANY GOP EXCEPT DONALD NOV 8th Not Pulling or pushing any other buttons other then PRES/VP
Please focus on the ones standing behind you and/or still voting for you. Franklin Graham, Ben Carson, etc.#TrumpPense2016
Remember those who abandon the effort.
Hillary will win and you will lose to a woman . You will lose worse than Romney . What did you say about Chocked
GOP is like all scared Americans, too cowardly to stand up and say what needs to be done in the USA.
Trump says "I can't understand Why GOPs won't vote for a looser like me"
I'm with her! PIG
It's OK Mr.  Trump. You can stop talking now,  because I've completely stopped listening. Good-bye.
.@realDonaldTrump @maidaa17 @realDonaldTrump They only have one vote to heck stick to change of status quo
Yes, traitors and jealous backstabbers!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iyAiLkAo4CE …
I agree, GOP is fickled and not thinking with vision SUPREME COURT
Can't wait to watch you spontaneously combust tonight!!
fake account
please make us proud today, apologize again, then drop it and pivot....jobs, infrastructure, safety..with You!
omg! You killed it tonight...great debate! I think the pundits will have to give it to you!
what is more impotant what happened in Bengazi or this nonsense of a back room talk
you did a great job last night. Get ready for the next debate.  Good luck on the next 3 weeks.
is that the one Ozzy sings about

YES!!! Hammer them hard tonight!  All of the so called Republicans who say NOTHING TO HILLARY over her crimes!
Hillary will destroy America with Open Borders and Open Trade. How many American jobs will be lost? Or lives?

Absolutely,even if you dislike the Donald. A hillary presidency would be far,far worse.
#whinylittlebitch they finally wised up opened their eyes and did the dump trump train yay you pos!
WHO CARES, THEY ARE THE SAME ONES WHO DIDNT ENDORSE IN BEGINNING AND THEIR IRRELIVANT ,
Ahhh...Joined Twitter Aug 2016. A fake account?
I can't wait to destroy America. #ImWithHer
You weren't interested in support Donald.  You want control.
YOU WILL STILL WIN!    LET THEM TRIP AND FALL!   GOD WILL HOLD YOU UP!  KEEP GOING STRONG!
now that Bernies requests tapes have been released - will HE STOP backing HER!!! This is a REAL issue
Nothing worse then a traitor. I respect my enemies more then a traitor.
finally people see the error in their ways and are voting on behalf of country and not party! #SDT
Hate that kind of talk 11 years ago but am more afraid of HRC becoming POTUS. Stay on economy, security tonight!
She wants OPEN borders & trade, plans on using executive order on guns. Says 1 thing will do opposite. Hit THIS!
The opposite...Supporting this clown will destroy America
Retweeting eggs?!?! Donny is in trouble, digging at bottom of barrel. Wait til Ivanka spills about those nights.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2016/10/08/politics/trump-on-howard-stern/index.html?client=ms-android-boost-us …
maybe you need to grab them by their P*ssy
they couldn't support us to protect our boarders! What about the oath they take. On tv they say BA violated const
, lol this jackass will take the USA , into the apocalypse. ..
