hush little baby
testify brother @realDonaldTrump
is that roy chubby brown?
hell no.
whos that?
Norman Collier.
I had to google that, phew! not that old
3 million
r u ever going to act presidential? It's okay, I already know the answer.
y are u still talking about it?  Move on!  There are more important things you have to do to boot Clinton out of politics!
Road to victory...
online polls R not real! Ppl can vote continuously So w/ your supporters doing that, thinking U're winning
needs to watch "Podiumgate II" attached. HRC had secret electronic device with personal assistant.
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
smh u wish lol
oh brother
.... a Twitter Name has never been more true ;-) Donald shows us the real trump every day.
hahahahahahaha Sure u did...in the land of make believe. LOL
women hater and evil doer!!
Stay on JOBS!JOBS,JOBS, RADICAL ISLAM, CONSTITUTION, JOBS,JOBS,JOBS, IMMUNITY, TAKE THAT STAGE LIKE IT WAS YOUR BOARD ROOM
YOU YOURSELF WERE IN THE SPIN ROOM, YOU SAD AND DISTURBED MAN-CHILD
we know it's always one sided, go get em dude, it's all out war, us vs them and we are winning, go for the knock out punch

Your blaming a microphone, really! @TheImusShow
Hahahahahaha
Microphone helped us hear you interrupt @HillaryClinton all night long loser!
No, Donald, you didn't...really.
I support u. Debate #2 get her on our future n how she would destroy it versus Trump's vision n how u will make USA great.

has already lost.
Damn it Donald give it up. You can't change yesterday. Move on, please!
u deserve to be President you Have to b President there's no other way for America to go exept down HLL with HLLARY MAGA!
you are delusional
Another wasted tweet when you could be talking about what you are going to do for America. You will lose if you don't stop.
we're you even at the debate?  Start focusing on the next one.  #LetItGo
there should not even be a fight by now after media and Clinton have been so thoroughly exposed
Deadbeat Donald, you whine more than Napa Valley. An excuse for everything. Try being a man.
Actually I won the debate. You weren't even there!
7-0 Nebraska 2nd quarter
love Donald Trump pulling hard for you from Arkansas
Take your meds. All polls, even FOX says you lost the debate. You're screwed and will screw this country.
enough about mic move on.
meant to ask you Don did you crack one off to that "sex tape". #guiltypleasure3am
Formed my opinion on the debate w/o listening to any "spin". Man up, admit you lost. I guess that's asking too much.
Mr. Ttump, you absolutely  DID win that debate.
Typical trump tantrum. If won if you ignore that I lost. I won if you ignore my lies and utter lack of preparation.
i watched the whole thing   you lost no one had 2 tell me that i know it because i watched but i do hope u prepare same way
Who is responsible for giving you your phone back? There was no problem with the mic on tv. We all heard you. You lost.
Put up InnerCityBillboards
MANY there dont watch TV or Internet
Tell them 1LineTruth abtU compared2LiarH
heard you speak over Hillary and Lester loud and clear
THAT DID NOT FIT YOUR SIZE...TOO LOW.  PLUS WHAT IS GOING ON HERE!  WATCH

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=os5fe-ADtZA …
you won only In your head!
And the numbers prove it..... He's got my vote......!
: another #WhiteSupremacist that is likely a playmate of @DonaldJTrumpJr. #AltRightAss

Bite Me!
Delusional!
Focus on the next debate. Don't be nasty, be PRESIDENTIAL!
@KatyTurNBC 
So delusional.
Be a man. You got your ass kicked by a girl. Own it.
Have you seen the Fox polls? No you didn't win the debate. Nor will you win the next 2!
if he even participates
,@realDonaldTrump I saw it live. I could hear you perfectly. You still sounded like the massive temperamental man-child that you are xx
His tweets are that of a petulant teenager not a statesman
but who wants a statesman/politician??  We're tired of corrupt, lying politicians.  Time for a change
so you'll take a lying business man that knows nothing about politics. That's smart
, the list is 2 long 2 list. Watch Clinton Cash & tell me you'd still vote 4 her.
not my first pick but I would vote for her before Donald any day of the week
http://donaldtrumprevolution.weebly.com 
ONLY thing Trump asked 4 in campaign platform is PROTECTION for #Russia invasions. https://www.tumblr.com/blog/jackquestionseverything-blog …
You are totally DELUSIONAL
Dude. Face it. Even Fox News couldn't deny the painfully obvious. #YouLost
delusional! Total loser!
you are a joke.
Really? hope your sniffing when you wrote this..you looked like you always look..Ridiculous.
you bombed big time Donny...
@seanhannity @IvankaTrump chill out, practice and gets your facts. You've got this. Please. #winner
Nope.  Not True!  Not even close!
um NO you didn't! And you were heard just fine at home, proving how dillusional you really are.
:
It was sabotage. We listened, applauded you and boo'ed the unfit, ataxic, lying, criminal dumocrap
you are delusional if you think you won that debate.
U need Ask 4 an EAR MIC ck pre-debate of both of U by an ind prson on the spot. SHE CHEATS ALWAYS! 
http://rense.com/1.mpicons/hillchear2image.jpg …
This is what the scientific polls say:
you need to smile at her stupidly and ignore what she says
If Hillary can smile and get applause lines, you ain't doing a good job. U have to stay on message or u will lose.
you're such a SORE LOSER Donnie! Quit yer cryin, nobody got time for that!
even you didnt pay taxes what about her foundation not giving more than 10% and lying to Haite?
you keep telling yourself these things Donnie #nochance
you must not be on the defense. Slam the old hag on her record . Quit talking about your taxes and beauty pageants
I decided THAT from watching the debate. You walked into all her traps. She had your number. You weren't "unpredictable."
you are microphone was working perfectly across the United States of America. Your actions looked like a man on bad drugs
hahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahah you wish!!!
cam some one CHECK how many Banks do Clintons have. How about the one Obam let the People open Early She has other accounts
keep telling yourself that
honestly I decided you were a big loser without watching the pundits. I need them not to see your stupidity.
#worstcandidateever
Wow man, you are seriously deranged. Alec Baldwin really pulled off the nuance of your unhinged, psychotic nature.
Isn't it strange that @HillaryClinton's microphone was fine????
Waaaaaaa
#WhinyLittleBitch
why are you still on about the debate. Onward and upward. You still haven't announced... well anything you intend to do.
Repeating the same lie again, will not make true. Good or bad mic, makes no difference, we heard you very well at home.
the microphone was working ok,  I heard everything clearly. You are unfit to be president. SHAME on you Donald.
u fear the thing u have contempt of...thats becoming a loser
Palm slap to your forehead... Donald, wake up. You were dreaming again.
bad microphone? You were able to interrupt throughout the entire debate pretty well.  #excuses
Mr. Trump I'm going to vote for you.  But you won the 1st 30 min but lost the last 60 min.  Just saying
You are dangerously unhinged.
please read John 7:53-8:11 Let anyone who is without sin be the first to throw a stone. We have all sinned, go getem tmrw!
, sir, let's look at the future debate, not the past. You have our votes.  Just hang in there.  You are our last hope.
You were worse at debating than a 10yo
You won the debate when you walked off stage so we could laugh at you..
sorry,  short former you lost.
please delete your account.  And take Hillary with you.
U did not. Pathetic.
you can't be serious.

Sniffin n lyin, lyin n sniffin!
Heard you fine at home, no issues. You lost because your mouth kept moving. You just can't help yourself.
You are hysterical.  Ha ha ha

What are you doing? STOP giving the media ammo! Go on the offensive and expose Hillary for who she is! It's time to attack!
you must be kidding
if you say you won the debate why do you continue to whine about it being fixed?  your the one spinning the mic
I am ready for you to rip her apart in the last two debates. Focus Mr Trump...focus @realDonaldTrump
People who make excuses for everything are pathetic. One-sided spin. Wake up Mr Narcissist.
you lost the debate when you decided to run for president
sorry you did not win. You need to do better in the next. Focus on the issues. @HillaryClinton didn't in the last.
I'm sorry your microphone was broken. Do you need a hug?
idiot
I watched.  Heard every stupid word you said. Sad. Terrible.  @realDonaldTrump #Debates2016
As a business person you won. As a politician you have to learn: ambush, taunt, toture,kill n bury, hopefully with FBI help
...oh Dena, if you only had a brain!
I think I found the problem.
yes you did it not fair how you are being treated I will stand by you Mr Trump
Ridiculously childish way of trying to win..
The world watched you played by Hillary like a fiddle! Again!
You are a draft dodging cry baby.  Ur father did not prepare u 4 the real world. Did u always blame the other kids?
WRONG!
I'm going to vote for you but no sir--you were not prepared for that debate. If you want to win--do a lot better.
Any other excuses as to why you performed so poorly in the first debate?
Informed Americans know that...
the objective of H is to spin you away from the issues of her thousands of errors in judgement, don't take the bait no bite
Only in your world.
I think you did a great job in spite of the audience being mostly Democrat. Seems unfair.
doesn't matter anymore. Focus on winning the election.  Remind America about every last corrupt thing about @HillaryClinton
No, Donald. You really were that bad. #loser
keep telling yourself that.    Only in your alternate world is that true
Whah whah whah
It was the BAD Microphone  

#snifflegate #sniffle
She kicked your ass Donald and you know it.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
really ? Really? Really ?? Um really ???
You're still an adulterer who cheats his contractors and subcontractors.
The microphone excuse is the excuse of a LOSER!
Preprare for debate!  Invite Dr. Drew and other Neuro Docs. Invite Haiti Senate Pres. (Powerful) Stay Calm!
YOU HAD BETTER BELIEVE THAT MICROPHONE WAS RIGGED TOO.
cbs was against u from the start. THere 4 The. Liar Clinton administration
lol the sniffing mic. You are delusional
blame, blame blame!
Move on and focus on important issues like national security, economy, and HRC failures. Quit rehashing, it's a turn-off.
Your mic was working just fine on my television. I didn't care for the message but unfortunately the mic was working.
please don't debate her on Halloween !!
how never really answer a question no real plans
I heard you loud and clear. Really loud. Super loud.
You did not win and you will not win, you dont have ideas, only insults. You are an insulting wig, not a president
the spin that judges the debate on content, comprehension of the issues? Yup, Hillary won.
so delusional. Lolol.
That's certainly not what I saw. HILLARY WON HANDS DOWN!
Here I expose you for bragging. Stop watching Hannity and Factor. Your head is spinning.
i don't know about the mic but i gotta tell ya donald, much as i love ya....cokes not cool.
if you really think you won! You don't deserve to be president. You have no objectivity. A strong person would admit defeat
Sir, why didn't u attack?  So many chances...
What does a mic have to do with the laughable performance you gave?
do you know what the words "lunatico, ignorante y misogino" mean in Spanish?
You need psychological help. Drug abuse help! Pathological LIAR with little man syndrome. Happens w/ Klinefelter's syndrome
yes you won 
This is not sound. If a bad microphone is a point of contention for your failings you need to reflect on your failings more
The mic was fine and the viewers heard you loud and clear. Clinton won the debate! You weren't prepared!!!
seriously?
