~ the question went to why??? Why are you diverting to Hillary... You got nothing!!!
~ haha  he is so under qualified!!!!
- it's comical actually. He needs a mirror to look into every now and again. Trust me that would change.
~ The next time you want to refer to someone as an idiot just look at the Donald
shame on the person that taped that....I hope they got paid well.Mr Trump is an awesome person
Do Not Pass Go-Do Not Collect $225,000-GO DIRECTLY TO JAIL
So this must mean your Locker room talk is who you are public and private.
Another words, Hillary is a LIAR!
@Trump4Hope @HillaryClinton
Well Donald we know your private position about woman and how you can manhandled their vaginas!
Idiot.
listen you bleached blond don't apply your own calificatives to me. I didn't insult so don't attack me for my freedom of speech.
Lib insults.Whooptydo.try informed comments for a change then maybe you wont get criticism.Dont say anything stupid first.
seems all her stuff is private but yet she is making allegation accusations of you public wth..
oh n fyi since u so like to bash on ppl..I'm not saiing gropin either way is good..
Let's just say you need a position and stick to it... Somewhere in the the middle... That's honest...
and you violated both
@abc_lmnop @HillaryClinton #blacks #Hillary
@hectormorenco @HillaryClinton That is priceless
@hectormorenco @HillaryClinton
In public we are 'deplorable' and 'irredeemable'.  Imagine what she thinks of us in private.
THAT'S HOW HILLARY JUSTIFIES LYING TO THE PUBLIC.

@pink_sprnva @HillaryClinton Only if u r a career politician
@swshaps3 @HillaryClinton bigger things to deal with then locker room talk.  Really??
I still love Donald and he has my vote....and I am a woman.....
@Jaycin71   Hagatha is her name!
@rlockrocks
Hilary Clinton is right.. we've had enough with her public position, it's time for her private position.... in jail!
it's really that simple... words do not carry more power than Political Power.. I'm with ya
@tntrnch @HillaryClinton CNN the "Clinton news network" will never show the truth,Trump is already saving Jobs not in yet!!
LATEST !   ALL REGISTERED DEMOCRAT WOMEN HAVE BEEN MOLESTED BY MR. TRUMP
< Hit this commie hard on her anti Christian Judeo comments! We Christians will fight her all the way!
@P0TUSTrump @HillaryClinton makes KILLERY A FAKE ASS CRIMINAL! She needs to be in prison! In gen pop
So, how about releasing your taxes so we can see your BACK ROOM DEALS!! Because you are a crook and coward!
http://www.webuildvalue.com/en/atlas/clinton-and-trump-the-race-for-infrastructure.html … cool post about infrastructure
@LaurelCatherine @HillaryClinton her only position will be working in the prison Laundry room washing others dirty laundry!
yup
follow me if you think  Trump should drop out
@NEVERNEVERNEVERCLINTON. Not now not ever.
@dawnellemurray @HillaryClinton It's Obama's fault 4 appointing her knowing/having reason 2 know about her private position
Hillary is pissed...Ut oh....
Who do you think won the Presidential Debate Tonight? @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @FoxNews @CNN
This is someone with very little concept of life and mostly a lib contact list.
Trump; "America First"
But I'm not paying any Taxes
OK ok, it's Trump 1ST
But America is 2nd  
@realDonaldTrump
Trump pays employer tax on thousands of employees but most people don't care about his taxes.
@swshaps3 @HillaryClinton all the time.It doesn't bother me.They going to bring up 2005 when there is so much bigger cont'd
@swshaps3 @HillaryClinton OK so if she say that, why is she bringing up locker room talk.As a woman I hear this all cont'd
@AmyHolcomb43 @HillaryClinton she's political scum.
She certainly had public (the video) and private position  ( terror attack ) on Benghasi
stay on point. Remember too much at stake. We cannot afford crooked hilliary
you should understand this.  Since you are disrespectful to women in private. #rapeculture #trumptapes #boycottmgm
Yep, every person with a split personality has at least two positions and maybe four positions!!
@vanessa_feltner @HillaryClinton It's called a LIE Hillary.
I'm a parent so I get it. One in front of my child toI teach him how to be kind and the other for adults
um-you do.When you represent ALL of the people, your private views take a back seat.
do you mean #LocketRoomTalk you #Pig
Why don't you finish the full quote instead of cherry picking what u want out of it! LIAR!!
DLUD= DONT LET US DOWN
during next debate u need to ask her: "is that your private position too?" @EricTrump @IvankaTrump
Mr. Trump get the GOP together and March your butt into that place and show them your a diff man! DLUD
Like talking about grabbing pussy on a bus The lunatics are storming the asylum.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NPPE6a7mSI …
ah but she told the truth about alluding to Lincoln.
Which is this? Hillary and the art of the dirty mouth
Double mindedness is as WHITCHCRAFT. YES THERE ARE WHITCHES AND DEMONS THEY ARE REAL
this is your exact excuse for "pussy grabbing" comments. They were said in private...
This is the very reason Hillary can never be trusted!!!
Finish it on line.  You remind me of Fox news never the complete story.  Finish it with the Lincoln quote.
@MusicalSyntax @HillaryClinton no integrity
like your private position is a misogynist, sexual predator, marriage cheater.
you say in public you respect women but when you think no one is looking you degrade them Mr. Trump
you mean like the public vs private position you claim to take on women?
When HC uses the term "private position" it means someone quite different than your private positions.
you have the same so what else is new?
Hillary running for her Life!
Hillary tells us to do fact checking by reading more lies on her campaign website
she tells the American people to fact check on her website which is outrageous cuz all she does is lie!!
take your advice and have a position and explain. All we've heard is negative negative and slander.
#hillaryforprison. #TrumpForPresident
http://www.allenbwest.com/matt-palumbo/wikileaks-releases-new-email-exposes-huge-hillary-lie-last-night …
@drichardson6619 @HillaryClinton HRC One Lie 2 public n another Lie to whatever group you're meeting with = 2-faced Liar.
you can have a personal opinion and still do what is best for uour country... you just follow a $ trail.
@DianneOneal11 To be perfectly honest, I do not trust you Hillary. I AM now a 58yr old disabled RN.I deserv
YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC POSITION THAT SHOWS YOUR TRUTH AND A POSITION WITH OTHERS TO GET IT DONE.
your private position - grab women's pussies your public position- criticize women for appearance & weight
As if you don't? "Daughter's a piece of ass"-"No one respects women more than me" Used car salesman.
@fubaglady @HillaryClinton // Whenever she speaks she should be asked to state her private position.
@mike_pence @FLConserve941 A must See we all have questions the Govt & Media Pretend Never Happened https://www.facebook.com/endfederalreserve/videos/799371366831987/ …
Oh, that was about a movie Spielberg made.  Why do people believe this garbage
It's called "diplomacy," Donald, something you should look into.
- You can start sweating now. There are MANY more October Surprises in store for Trump. Stay tuned....
that's called a snake.
I'll explain it in ur terms...it's like what u say to Melania at night after u have raped women. Pub/priv
Exactly, Hillary.  That's what you do.
Speaking of positions, how's your wife and daughters?
She's the Liar in chief!!
It was illegal 4 them 2 record you w/out informing you in 2005. It sounded like you were joking about what you spoke about.
And hillary tells and public one thing and then 180 degrees on the private opinion.
That was just locker room talk!
AKA:  2 FACES
RATTLED HI LARY> 'LIVES IN ALTERNATE REALITY'>A PUBLIC POSITION AND A  PRIVATE POSITION.

She said to Goldman Sachs it would be bad for them (ELITISTS) if people ever discovered the system rigged.
so sad
Exactly-In private it's OK to say 'grab em' by the p***y'. In public, u just say that it's locker room talk
Funny, Winston Churchill said that truth is not as important as the PERCEPTION of truth. Same principle.
example:Benghazi. Told her daughter it was due to terrorists. Told America it was the video. #liar
dishonest peeps are the only peeps need a private & a public opinion, this is a professional liar's excuse
She has one set of moral, policies & laws for her and another set for everyone else. It's all about her.
one policy for her & another for the public.She has one set of morals for her and another for the public
Clinton is right in the released email speeches, saying she is not able to connect with the middle class .
explains why democrats for 40+ years r 2 faced. Say one thing to get elected, but does n says other things!
Really?
We'll never know what she really has in mind for America's future. Willing to bet your kids future on her?
Public: "We'll build a wall, and Mexico will pay for it!" Private: "My deplorables believe that bullshit!?"
@Shelley2021 @HillaryClinton hell yeah if I want you to do something at work I got 3 or 4 different approaches/stands lol
Admitting that she will lie to you for your vote. She has been doing it for 40 years. Nothing has changed.
SHE LIES !!
Keep up the good work Hillary and you will not only have a mandate in the House and Senate but a WOMANDATE!
Translation....LIE TO THE PUBLIC, DO THE OPPOSITE IN PRIVATE AND SAY WHAT YOU REALLY WILL DO!
Hillary, you looked a bit rattled at many times. We saw the tears in your eyes under pressure. poor baby
H,you need a public and private opinion on some affairs?Last time I checked you ARE TO REPRESENT THE PEOPLE
having 2 positions on any subject = having NO position. Just a position of personal convenience.
Two faced Hillary aspires to RULE for top 1% - rest of Americans deplorables
A private position which differs from your political position states that your heart is NOT in your job.
i agree, its LINCOLNS FAULT !!! i never liked him being all honest and everything.who does he think he is?
Benghazi - Public Position "Was reaction to a video". Private Position (to daughter and others) "Was a terror attack".
Like you don't have a public and a private position --- Big League!
HRC admits she's two-faced
We know what your "private position" is!
Trump is all into "positions" - except on POLICIES.
true!
Hillary Clinton & Liberals are two faced in everything & scared you are starting a culture of exposing it
Plus you look like a grizzled old suit with fake hair, an orange perma-tan and a trophy wife.
How much would women score you on honesty, Donald? A minus 10?
how about we start with just "you need a position" because Hillary you just dont have one!
as in what she knew happened in Benghazi and what she told the American People. Lies to cover her own ass!
there she goes again blaming a video, The attack on benGhazi,  Abraham Lincoln, blame the video
well, the Donald wants a “locker room boys will be boys position” and a public one too...
#teamtrump retweet so Americans know she admits lying to voters & doing only for big money elitists
in other words lie to the American people and do what serves you and your donors to pad your pocket Hillary you are a fake
@SociallySherri @HillaryClinto Mr. Trump may have to deal with Paul Ryan but I don't. Paul Ryan is a worm in Obamas pocket.
you DT don't know the difference
Shameful on crooked Hillary!
she's so phony & so transparent; I can't stand her with each passing day!
That was her "locker room" banter. While you were trashing women during a business event, she was working.
Two faced HRC had two positions:  real sentiment with bankers~open borders;  fake sentiment for public.
Her public position, lie. Her private position, deny. #HillaryForPrison
you seem to have a public and private position on women
basically hillary, you admitted to pandering to whatever crowd you're speaking to
You're good with that. Tell Billy Bush 1 thing & the debate audience another, right?
again verifies the leaks!
Lincoln had both. Roosevelt had both. Washington had both.  Im sure Trump has both or his taxes wb public
is a career politician who lies easier than she takes a breath & probably puts less though into lying
@SebGorka @HillaryClinton u made us proud trump!
. @HillaryClinton The victims of Bill proved what you did to them. #crookedclintons
exactly what you did and still doing
why do you degrade women and insult disabilities?
Your #PrivatePosition is to #GrabEmByThePussy #PussyGate @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
I've never seen anything anywhere showing Abe Lincoln saying a word remotely resembling anything like this!
She didn't look good during the debate, @realDonaldTrump got 2 her and it showed, If he looses, so does USA
baldy
WE ARE WATCHING!
well yours DJT is to grab the  of women we all can do without that.
I heard you lie OVER and OVER last night
TRUMP IS A MAN WITH ALL DEFECTS OF A MAN BUT IT'S ONLY HOPE FOR AMERICA.
@hillary Clinton's corruption campaign
sounds 2 faced
So does this mean that she thinks Americans are too stupid to understand truth?? America can handle truth, we want honesty
NO Invasione in USA ed UE sterilizzare il terzo mondo.
Hollande-Merkel-Renzi-Clinton-Obama = islam fucilazione.
O Trump Presidente o guerra civile occidentale.
Arrestare 10.000 politici occidentali nemici del Mondo Libero.
Hillary la mamma dell'ISIS Bill il maniaco con Lewinsky.
grande Trump! Presidente Trump ! Rifare grande America ! Ilaria terrorista creatrice Isis balorda
@clanceman65 @HillaryClinton That's how people that R 2faced think! One way in front of public & a whole other in private!
this is what Giuliani excused your predator comments with... so... hypocritical.
"Both PUBLIC & PRIVATE position"?
 She's either LYING to PUBLIC or to CROOKED CRONIES.
U GUESS WHICH ONE.
GREAT JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP NEVER GAVE UP ON U WHEN OTHERS RAN OFF
@clanceman65 @HillaryClinton I hope you saw how she evaded answering that! Liar!
Darn that Abe Lincoln for getting caught on live TV and hot mics back the day before privacy @realDonaldTrump @LoathingKitty @HillaryClinton

My mom always told me that was lying.
should turn this into a TV ad. It would clearly expose this hypocrisy for what it is.
and then she needs a separate one for each an every person she is BULLSHITING AT ANY GIVEN MOMENT
Anyone else had just about enough of the Clinton Crime Family????
