talking about numbers, why don't you release your taxes? IRS say you can release them whilst under audit..
I'm literally re-watching the debate now. He is under audit however he can still release them. Thanks
Why would you go against the advice of your lawyers?
he said he'd happily do it if Hillary releases her email so he's perfectly capable of doing it
unlike trump supporters who can't say anything bad about him, I agree Hillary should release them

may I suggest real clear politics website check it out so u dnt embarrass urself agn
what?? Ur as incoherent as DT. Is English ur second language?
Trump showed excellent composure, clarity, organized thinking sensible plans!

looking forward to it!!!
do you have the courage to show up anywhere besides Fox#chickenshit

#FreeThe3 Please support to save lives of 3 youths sentenced to beheading & crucifixion in KSA
ThankYou
https://www.change.org/p/congress-demand-that-saudi-arabia-ends-juvenile-execution?recruiter=524822894&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=share_twitter_responsive …
Gonna have to do a few bumps to keep me alert, though. #SnifflingTrump
Yeah, it was a bad microphone that hurt you last night and not your inept preparation.
suggest moving the microphone away from mouth, you can hear your inhaling clearly, you did a great job
we all watched and now we're all watching how they twist the truths. Ignore the facts great job Mr. Trump
HRC mocked 'trickle down' but thats what led to 80s and early 90s boom. Reagan was right.
Of course Fox will support the sham polls that say you won,when everyone with a brain know otherwise.
CROOKED Who
WTF are you thinking you totally tanked and all 50 states said you lost this one. you will loose the next 2
How come you hardly ever venture away from FOX???  It's ok you don't have 2 answer, we know.  What a joke!!
Donnie, you are the man. You have my vote.
How many days since the last press conference,  Donny? 

A man who fears the press is a lying coward. 
.
YOU LOST BIGTIME KEEP TRYING TO SPIN BUT YOU LOOKED LIKE AN OUT OF CONTROL BAFOON "SNIFF SNIFF SNIFF"
You should go on @Morning_Joe and discuss real numbers.
all races do.
and by the way you Dems always state that is was the worst rescission, wrong Hilary, the 70s was worst.
wow, even u must realize how bad u did from all the propaganda combg out from u this morning.#clockcleaned
of course you'd go on fox and friends. The enquirer of new
Shows...
just ask her if she can show us her ears behind that frock she's wearing!
terrible debate review. You lost bigly!
you got smoked chump - period , absolutely destroyed , as usual , country laughing at you
getting ready for work today
Karma is funny. You had your own Rubio moment last night. Gotta time the adderall better.

die
To discuss how fat people are the worst?
great for HRC.. Agreed
DEMS take a HOWARD SHOW as a 20/20 POLITICAL INTERVIEW. Get over it! This is a waste of time.


Likewise could be said about Trumps polls.  Works both ways that logic...
Those are online user polls. They mean nothing.
People can vote multiple times. No statistical significance.
What you have proven is 4chan knows how to click buttons.
down with Donald Dump Trump
Cancel all further debates. Waste of time.  More of their lies gain traction.
Now there's a "news station" we can trust for facts!
Insiders: Hillary won http://politi.co/2dnL1k1 
dude you lost the debate badly. Hiding on Fox News won't change that 
poll numbers mean nothing come clean with your tax returns

you live on a different planet. You got your ass kicked by a girl lol
$300,000 from pentagon disappeared,  $700,000 sent to Africa from electricity, $97,000 sent to Japan, 1.7 m
Fox news is a bigger liar than you if that is possible.
DONT DISCUSS DISCLOSE THE TAX RETURNS MR LITTLE BIGMAN
1- Why take the high road - she doesn't deserve it.
2- Why miss opportunities to finish her?
What are the numbers?
I woke up at 3am to watch you in Europe. Not happy so far. Something new?
you can't be fired if u were not hired!!
so?
At the end of the debate HRC is still a hypocritical lying crook with the same old WA elites smug attitude
i ASK YOU WHO IS PANICKING IN THIS PICTURE !!!
.@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends 
#TrumpLies 
#Debate2016 
Sucks being u, huh?
Ivanka can kiss it & make it better.
http://www.publicpolicypolling.com/main/2016/09/voters-nationally-say-clinton-won-debate-5140.html …
after Nov 8 he'll deny he ever ran for potus! 
Yep, #SourGrapes.
GREAT job but next time prepare more by clicking https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Everything 
Oh the fun we could have had.
A wk preparation with the questions. Hillary, at her best, was nowhere near good enough.
this proves you have a problem with reality Joe... Take off the rosey colored glasses asap
Can you help me get money from premier America credit union? They deleted mother's account death certificate
Hello, Dumbo, Internet polls where people can vote over and over don't count. Stupid is as stupid does.
liar
I bet trump is jealous of Bernies numbers!
you must go hard next debate..
To me, choice is clear, time for stirring of stagnant water by bringing in budget driven leader
and the Clintons don't pay women as much as men either
Fox is the television equivalent of the National Inquirer...that's why you and Fox are a perfect match
How does the mainstream media actually believe that millions of people "rigged" the online polls!?
@TruthFeedNews no one said they're rigged, they're just not scientific. And yes I love my mirror & what I see in it
Trump has TEMPERAMENT & STAMINA to be POTUS. He beat 16 GOP candidates & has kept up a hectic campaign/media schedule #MAGA
So has Hillary while also suffering illness?
check how many rallies she has done compared to him.
Election will be #Businessman vs #Politician People need to choose which one will help most.
Businessman vs DIRTY politician
No Brainer
Vote Trump
some would say he was a dirty businessman at times. regardless,both have faults, flaws, talents
Hers was as corrupt public politician~
He was private citizen & brings needed CEO expertise
What has Trump done for America so far... Nothing... Still Very Fishy
he woke it up! what did you want from him so far?He's a candidate, takes a lot.
An actual investment in the american people before now...
Invests by being in business.TaxRules apply to all & should be used to full extent
I vote no.
you lost
I think you confusing yourself with Obama and Hillary
Donald, you were too nice. She doesn't deserve.
Hillary ended you!
not what the polls aay
polls are not humans no one cares
just like Hillary!  Lol
I know, Hillary is a legend
she has been in politics for so long it might seem that way. Funny how she couldn't remember anything in hearings but did on DJT
Are these twitter accounts real? @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends
Why on earth would Gomez have sex with that fat old wrinkled tweaked-up nut case?
You lost.
u wish. LOL
He did. LOL
... with fields like these, we simply wont need their oil, finally stop funding terrorists!
HRC slams DT re but he nevr took millions & millions from countries where gays & women r oppressed & killed
Lester Holt was the third debater. Why no questions to HC on Bengazi, Pay for Play, EmailGate & Lies
Benghazi. 9 prior investigations turned up diddly against her, why would he ask?
Donald Trump will never leave 4 Americans to die in Bengazi. Hillary is a career, corrupt pol.
Please examine the report of any of the 9 independent investigations. Your media has lied to you.
@fox and friends 
Trump kept eye on the ball. You might have to pass on a couple free shots. Avoid Hillary  victim hood.
Great job! Trump wins on Trade, Economy and Jobs! MAGA! First&Strong! A lot of bs from Holt&Hillary!
sorry buddy I stsy up for this you miss a lot of opportunity to her you gocus on ur ego not her
Good morning #sniffles!
Hillary outdid you boy
#AmericaFirst Great job!! .
~ great interview as usual. Your down to earth n believable
Mr. President, please stop. We're winning too much!

@foxandfriends
people are saying Donnies on Coke.   Just sayin!
FOX & FRIENDS, the only Friends DRUMPF has!
I undecided until you chocked last evening and proved you are just as bad as you blame her to be!
love you Mr Trump.  You did great last night.  Thank you for all you are doing to #MAGA
looking forward to you. Hope you are on Hannity tonight.
why so defensive about taxes and the birther issue. Why did you let her get away with insulting you?
awesome! should be hysterical! hope you have the same makeup artist, that contouring was so hideously orange. roflmao
BTW, cnn poll down would not accept votes for you!
I am going to take a dump. Enjoy!
holy fuckballs man. Was that performance art or something?
blame your FAILURE on a microphone?? LOSER!!!
And,,, another lie from the yellow maned butt head.
You two need to quit bashing each other  to avoid TELLING US WHAT UR GOING TO DO TO HELP USA (IF ANYTHING)
you  tanked and the whole world was watching . 
hahaha so funny! Did you have Vladimir or your 400 lb friend to rig the numbers?
Great debate last night #Dump . Keep up the good work. #MakeAmericaFunnyAgain
@abcnews SHOCK: CLINTON 4TH PLACE... http://bit.ly/2dwdRKN 
@KellyannePolls  ur 2 nice, 2 respectful of HRC, rember she lied about 4 dead ,hides server, she paying lawyer 5th amenders
Get a big jug of water! Need a neti pot to clear up your sniffling?
u know the system doesn't allow non citizens to be President
@USCG_Vet @foxandfriends next debate give Hilary the 1 2 3 4 knockout punch she deserves 32 years of destruction of USA
. You should use a clip of the couple on Fox and Friends today, Sept 27 for commercial. POWERFUL!!!


I thought whole front row was going to move back because crooked Hillary's nose got longer  by the second.
Look at the numbers from CNN.  CNN said that Clinton won the debate.
Ya'll need to Stop the Bull Shit Talk. Ya'll know Trump suck last night with his lies stop being in denial
@KellyannePolls recommendation next debate don't talk or look at monitor, nor HRC nor audience look at and talk to camera.
is this a listening device help her with answers do you see the wire going up her back to her head
@HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends don't know. What to make of this. It was the mic not Donald sniffing https://www.google.com/amp/nypost.com/2016/09/27/was-that-on-purpose-trump-claims-he-got-bad-debate-mic/amp/?client=safari …
oh dear, I hope you've recovered from last night and can string some words together. Bless ya
you smashed het despite Lester un-professional job.
You should have said: I made my money the honest American way.. HOW DID YOU GET MILLIONS!
get Hillary a American flag pin and hand it to her at next debate she didn't have one on last night
we all know you were excessively sniffing due to the dust flying off the witches broom! #ontheTrumptrain
lol you were a HOT  MESS last night!!!  
U must ask the camera-US Citizens,#2 debate, if they want more of the same-failed policies,corruption,Pay to Play or change
4Get abt ChelseaClinton's feelings! She knows all abt the issues & since she wants tobe involved she better get used to it!
You got completely destroyed.
WAR: you were not briefed by intelligence and gave a civilian opinion from beginning. I didnt know...
Yeah, @realDonaldTrump.  Go run home to mommy and daddy after you got your ass kicked by a GIRL. #HillaryOwnedTheDebate
coke fiend
That orange spray-tan must have been affecting his sinuses last night. #TrumpSniffles
you were soft on Hillary. Attack uranium 6 billion loss from the state Department at cetera go after
you won by showing your heart!
you were too nice to her. Moderator biased towards HRC. Birther car crash. Apart from that, great!
Nope.  You're a putz.
for @HillaryClinton yes indeed.
Not bad for an amateur! :)
Dude you took more of a knee than Colin Kaepernick
how did it feel to get beat by woman?
says who?
asks how does the national debt and GDP hope to improve over a hand-out-in-chief successor in HRC?? LoL
Don't forget to tell about ur bad "mic". Is that what u call it sniffles? a poor workman blames his tool
great job. Don't let her off the hook next time. She has too many skeletons!!! Go at her hard. Good luck!!
2 against Trump? Didn't like Hillarys jocker's smile when the moderator was bombarding TRUMP. Evil Hillary
delete your account
Why won't you come out of hiding at conservative anti-Hillary media?
WA,wa,wa, call Hannity he tries to protect me like my daddy!
Did Hillary wear that red pants suit to look like Santa or to hide the flames from her pants on fire?
stop the cocaine use!
when she brought up being sexist u should've hit her w taking $ from countries that suppress woman!
you need to change the J in you name to L. L for loser.
@KellyannePolls  boy Hillary u talk a lot, what have u done? Talk about Benghazi, emails, Libya, Egypt, uranium, server,
I love Trump and I'm voting for Trump, but I'm boycotting Comcast so I will watch on youtube later.
Why boycotting comcast
donald you need to hit her on the economy  when due to it because of them you had to use what was there get
pls attack her on her honest, trustworthy, email, bleachbit, and I don't recall,let ppl believe she is liar!
- I watched it. Media loves slick, non-stick Hillary. People want "real" person as POTUS. Tired of all liars
bias BBC and national papers here in England had criminal Clinton leading, must of seen a different debate
A Mistake her email mess is crippling to NATIONAL security that was the answer Mr. Trump
@HillaryClinton  CLEANED YOUR CLOCK, BIG LEAGUE. She did so with grace+poise. You'd be hopeless in a crisis
didn't you blame the microphone
