well do you realy think people gonna buy it?
What about the other states where you're getting crushed? And the national ones? Sad!
HRC cheats so much: with emails, drugs, rigged debates, & media. But Don will win FAIR and SQUARE! http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/10/twtw-election-model-update-2.html …
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
GO TRUMP GO!
This is just the start Mr.Trump ! You will lead the nationwide polls very soon ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Election2016
You're going to lose BIGLY!!
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN #BoycottCNN
#NeverHillary
#mediasuckshillarysa$$
http://www.mediaite.com/online/trump-supporter-tells-reporters-hillary-needs-to-be-taken-out/ …
The destruction of a nation for fame and money shame on his ENTIRE FAMILY
oh, so you like them now? Loon.
RT if you think this election is being rigged B4 our eyes! #MAGA

Video's from the "ISLAND" soon....very soon.
Polls overall unchanged even after week of phony rape allegations. What will they try next??
Me and my husband are 1st time voters and I'm sure there's many more people like us Polls don't pick up ..BIG WIN #MAGA
Follow me if you support Trump!
“You know, it doesn’t really matter what [the media] write as long as you’ve got a young and beautiful piece of ass.”
Don't forget:
"Women.. You have to treat them like shit" -- Donald Trump
.@nathanTbernard @realDonaldTrump
Here are 18 real things Donald Trump has said about women.
.@nathanTbernard @realDonaldTrump
16 real things Trump has said about women while running for president
.@nathanTbernard @realDonaldTrump
This! 
Donald Trump sexism tracker: Every offensive comment in one place
positive attitude wins!!!! Not game playing or self pity
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
Polls.
but you were planning on losing Ohio?
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
After weeks of calling their BS they were forced to poll accurately. #TrumpPence16
ROFL. look at their last ohio poll. Trump actually lost 1 point rofl.
How many times you need to "ROFL"

You are going to lose in just a few days!
the Democrats are once again enslaving the blacks in the ghettos Americans watch this movie and wake up Donalds right
Stay on topic Donald and u got this!
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
HAHAHA! no, you're not.

when dudes are on the covers of magazines half naked we don't call them hoes or sluts. WTF it's 2016
Imagine she was your daughter.. would you still talk about her like this?

Did ,you say! 58- 34 who do they think they are kidding
Delete your account. (via @trumpdelete)
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.

Already did LOL
aww damn the media is rigged  this cant be truth ? Bias media doing it again. How could this be it.
why media why ? Are you torching us by saying that Trump is leading? When  we all know the big BabyTrump is losing!
so that means the media is not rigged? Because now your leading? Or is it?they are just playing with us!
i guess trump is right is rigged! Trump can not be leading! When Hillary is #1
Holy shit, Batman. Trump is losing Az, Ga and Tx
Go Trump.... Love the player hate game.... Run Trump RRun
#ImWithHer: An Open Letter To #Hillary Clinton, From A Dad With a Daughter: Thank You |
how many times are you going to retweet this repetitive, drooling story?  What did Hillary's camp pay?
are you serious we are country of freedom of speech I loved it.
3 followers Ha!  Freedom unless you want to follow Hillary then you have to be vetted
Lori, followers don't mean much. If they did, hell, you only have 30 yourself.
not a troll
you literally just tweeted the election is rigged.
Yeah, only with trump trolls.
at least we wouldn't have nuclear and a nut job in the WH.
Yet a mock vote by the OH Secretary of State has Trump & Clinton coming in 3rd & 4th place.
dear mr trump
u need help buddy...

@wyomobe @CNN #repealobamacare @LouDobbs Thank You Lou
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.

when u lose, its "rigged" but when you win, it is "wow". Go face ur dying biz and leave crazy chase for the presidency
anyone that hate Trump like bokoharam,ISIS etc. We love Trump #BiafraForTrump .

Men are favoring Trump in typical numbers, but overwhelming share of women voting for Clinton.

http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/men-are-treating-2016-as-a-normal-election-women-arent/ …
Our Mainstream Media are despicable the way the divide us.
we are all for freedom in China!
Nobody wants brutal repression on dissent beside despots.

Typical Trumpster Misogyny.  Women will NEVER allow Trump to win, nor will RealMEN!
WRONG .. careful Renee, you may need someone to save your VIP arse and Hillary won't do it
So, the election is not rigged anymore?
LOL
LOOOOOOOL
Damn Fran u savage 
He's just a big baby...
He really is smh
Bio test at 1. wyd?
Lmfao. Boring ass math and Computer Lit.
Which polls are you reading? You have no chance of becoming president, you sexual predator.
So Dave you support the person that covers for her rapist husband, the person that left ppl to die
Remember how @realDonaldTrump was behind in some polls during the primaries, yet he still won the nom? The system is rigged for Trump. @CNN
Polls are fake. THey always were.
.@Freedominchina sure, as are are most irate Twitter eggs.
Off course, it's a Liberal-leaning group registering voters with fake ID.
.@Freedominchina LOL, Twitter eggs.
iraqi is our side. Liberals are clueless. FACT
.@Freedominchina I'm sorry my tweets about a completely different topic got you triggered you...
Identity politics is 100% Morally reprehensible and Undemocratic.
AWESOME! NOW WE NEED TO SEE THAT IN ALL 50 STATES! Keep is calm and real at Debate..no interrupting ZINGERS, please
those are your cronies, you paid for that poll I am sure

heard you are doing great in Iowa and Ohio. I just early voted for you to MAGA 
Delete your account.
We're getting him in.
 If your lips are movin', then you're lyin', lyin', lyin'  @Meghan_Trainor sorry to soil your song #trumpisapig
#rigged ??
Well, that's one State in the bag- for now. Good luck at that 3rd debate #massacre
I thought you hated CNN #hypocrite
Let me get this straight... If the results are in your favour CNN is OK? Funny that.
no it shows we are winning so big... It is impossible to lie.
This moron doesn't understand how the process works, why in the hell did he even bother to run, go home carrot face!
How embarrassing are you?? ans: very!
rigged
polls are only great when in favor of Trump #BIGBABY
- message for #CNN - if he's up 4% in #Ohio, he's not down nationally. Duh.
Unite the party. Speak to the issues. It is about America.
Wow.  You can have Ohio, racist/rapist Donald. Won't make a shred of difference.
Cant wait until DT has his own TV station
after the initial hubbub dies down we'll all be able to avoid @realDonaldTrump by changing channel
After @realDonaldTrump gets his own station we can ignore him by changing channels
Until he bankrupts it...
SMunpaid cameramen
Black lives matter? His name is Danney Lee Williams and he matters
I thought the polls were lying?  Make up your mind Donnie
so the election is only rigged in states you are losing 
liar
http://fox43.com/2016/10/17/quinnipiac-poll-clinton-winning-with-independents-in-colorado-pennsylvania-and-florida/ …
I thought they always lie?You can't have it both ways #BillyBushMadeMeDoIt only works so many times #RichieRich #truth
the polls are rigged, right?!
I thought the polls were rigged.

I thought you didn't trust the polls Donald. Hmmmm...
I see lots and lots of Trump signs in Ohio. :)
oh, you didn't hear? That CNN poll was totally rigged to pump up Trump.
the only place in the entire US and probably not for long.
but @CNN can not be trusted so that's probably not true
@Sheindie @CNN Don't listen to polls--fraud means it must be landslide vote!! We can do it. #WearRed God's sees all.
U have many supporters than most polls r report, you'll win unless the machines r rigged or paper ballots  destroyed
Maybe in happy little Trump World...where everything is Trumpy!!!!
; When in your favor only....
@jamesbott007 @CNN 
Bet up in almost all polls since they use +D in every poll
keep strong and you will win!
must be voter fraud in Ohio
Don't let up...try to contain voter fraud.
BAD!
hah. You recognized my tone.
the only thing you are leading in is the destruction of the Republican Party! Thank you
After all, Mr. Trump loves media when it stands on his side.

please win Mr Trump, we need u.
So is @CNN good now? Just trying 2 figure out which Media 2 trust & when. Please let us know cause it keeps changing.
so I guess the election ISN'T rigged now? At least for today?
...most of Wisconsin doesn't want you. I sure don't.
A preview of Trump as POTUS. Implement bat-shit crazy ideas, they predictably fail miserably, blame everyone else.
People in Ohio are stupid.

We're with you in OH - IO!!!
NOT BAD FOR A RAPIST RUNNIN FOR OFFICE!
WOW. You've been right all along. The media and you are conspiring against @HillaryClinton.

MORE INCOMING FROM THE MEDIA.
I truly think your win will be an overwhelming landslide that voter fraud cheats cannot combat.
you won't win Ohio.
.@realDonaldTrump that's 1 of 5. Why don't you tell us how the other battleground states are leaning. Ohio doesn't get u the win #NeverTrump
Make up your goddamn mind. You hate @CNN -Clinton News Network, or not? Either way, you lose.
Trump will be biggest looser of ALL TIME Bigly.
talk about Hillarys record
indeed this is great news.
Correct. Great poll numbers. You'll get beaten badly Nov 8th. Great numbers!!!!
Trump thought the American people were all a bunch of fools.He could spout lies and exaggerations and we would believe
RIGGED! The media & government are so dishonest they can't even rig the election polls correctly! #conspiracy
media says Trump is losing Florida in the polls. In Daytona this week saw 2 Hillary signs and lots and lots of Trumps
same i was in daytona a week before matthew and saw only one hillary sign and hundreds of trump signs:)
own worst enemy, keep it that way you're doing great
Trust me, Ohio is anti tRump.
I thought you said the polls were rigged
get off your Twitter rant!you just said that the polls are rigged! Are theyonly rigged when they're not in your favor?
Honestly, who cares what CNN has to say? They're are completely owned by the Democrats!
@RealJonnyMiller @CNN lol being down by 12% is "great?" 

Talk about desperation
But,there are hindred of thousand who want a real group of leaders taking over to take america back in people"s hands.
really? Women included on these polls?

.@PressSec on Trump's call for candidate drug test: Trump "snorted his way through the first two debates..." 
If we isolate ourselves from men whov been schovanistic are we to also isolate ourselves from women whov ben bitchy?
#DonaldTrump
lol yes but you forgot to mention the ones you are losing!!!! Ah well 1 out of 5 ain't bad with your low bar
fight the fights that need fighting, forget the crap or you'll lose
A devil you don't know COULD be much better a  president than a devil you already know. I strongly support Don.
Trump 46.5, Clinton 46.0. Trump advantage 0.5. Wow, what a winner ... *rolls eyes*
Stop crying Donald !
9 points behind
Crosses the tv screen today. .bogas
Is this the same CNN that you said has lied and is rigged? Sad! 
so when you are up CNN polls are believed but when you are down they're not?  So many flip flops, SAD!!!

So wait is the election not rigged again or is it still. Does this poll count only cause your leading ?  #SoConfused
Donald Trump Is Freedom's Last Hope !
and losing big in the other 49 States.
ya know if you got off the coke you wouldn't be so paranoid.
I thought you said CNN was not a credible source. 
OH NOW ITS NOT Rigged !!!! Ass
Now THAT would convince me that the system is rigged,  lol! You're such a dirty old man.
But wait - according to you @CNN's polls are all hogwash, jaded and out to discredit you. Now they're "great numbers"?
The only way this election is rigged is that the GOP has put up a total Ass Clown for their nominee.
@StageYaneu @CNN 
#delusional #rapist #pedophile
there will be anarchy in the USA. Its not good to have the Collusive Clintons running the show. Much distrust disunity
I thought you didn't watch CNN??!! I thought you said the Media is biased?!!  @AC360
why are they saying your down 8 national?  i am so confused with these polls!!
so are the polls rigged or not?
Trump says the Election I s Rigged he is a sore loser
But I thought you said the polls are rigged!!!
your campaign managers really need a "you're fired" this is contradictory to your "hit job" crap but it favors you.
make up ur mind! U can't say the media n esp @CNN r rigging election n then say "look at CNN poll!" Such a jackass.
it's so you let up on them and Hillary. DONT LET UP!! KEEP FIGHTING!!!
I'm can't believe that d death people vote 4 d Democrats Cheaters, liars, thefts, Paul Ryan worry about his seat
be about topics. No more rigged system talk ISSUES
you mean the "rigged polls"? From "crooked CNN" the you don't want your cult members to watch? Those polls? #crybaby
You will lose Ohio
Trump's "imported" 3rd wife is going to be on the "corrupt" media channel "CNN" tonight ......hypocrisy
hit job? Waz they on to your flim flam, fittin' ya for a Chicago overcoat? Best to cheese it so's ya don't get clipped
: Nah...I live in Ohio, and we detest you.
Any poll where you are ahead is rigged. #politicalfact
now polls matter ? And you're reporting  from Clinton News Network ? You're a loon!
be lieving CNN polling could lead to a bad result
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/lawsuit-accusing-trump-raping-girl-13-december-hearing-article-1.2828413 …
@denisleary @CNN go away.
Have they found out you've been eschewing their steel in favour of the Chinese product, yet? @CNN https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_Ohio#Iron_and_steel …
Thought you didn't trust CNN. Thought the system was "rigged". So only trust CNN when they have you leading?
the hit job in which people found out that you sexually assaulted multiple women?
