you think Dems care about her emails? We don't. At all.
Hahaha no that would be Trumpeters
did you just call people who are trying to escape war-zones with just their lives 'rapefugees'?
lol what theory? I'm sorry but random pictures you found on the Internet is not proof of anything.
Israel is with you Trump!
best regards from Israel :)
CC: #AltRight Subj: lol
. @realDonaldTrump And yet you think America is an apocalyptic wasteland...
You couldn't find Israel on a map.
GOP - Greedy Orange People shirt now on @amazon - The GOP hates Vets, Kids, Gays & Elderly https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01HP5RME4 
Delete your account. #NeverTrump
@Peggy7172  The only Pro Israeli president in many years is Trump. Obama is a racist, and is Pro ARAB. I have facts as well
Crooked Hillary. When will the drama end?
you will still lose.
https://youtu.be/YY-CiPVo_NQ  
oh good clown outfit Hillary
if u think I'm for Hillary you're tripping
in what sense...?
And I think you're a clown
please stand by Israel when you are president
Really? This is your response to the FBI news? 
She was talking about Israel the a Puertorican guy she knows. You wouldn't know because you don't know ricans. Racist!
@KayBurley #venkysout
And u find Israel inspiring due to your roots in relig? Ive heard U compared to Hitler. U r just inspi by Pres=Nuks=:)PUTIN

Trump rally
Just happened to walk by Trump rally in City Hall Plaza. Maybe 12 people in attendance. #mapoli 
@AClareKelly This isn't a Trump Rally. If I were holding my own TR would you cover it and say low attendance?
To a person with commonsense we know it's not a Trump rally but that doesn't stop liberals from believing stupid posts.
You would. Shootings, Bombings, money to be made. . . #profiteering
Jason Chaffetz @jasoninthehouse
FBI Dir just informed me, "The FBI has learned of the existence of emails reopen case
She also said Hillary's email server is "Fucking insane"...how can someone be a leader if their team thinks that??????????
threatens to sue his accusers in 'court of law'?
We should ALL be scared.
#FridayFeeling 
#PervertTrump #FlashbackFriday
What scared of Trump, no way. He will lose, so he said he changed his mind about suing them.
Love you Trump!!!  I am a American Israeli and I will be voting for YOU Nov 8. Thank you for acknowledging Israel.You!!
Yet you're working with some of the most anti-semitic individual in the US, Steve Bannon.
Important read on Emails. NOT Clinton's, not w/held, not her server, unrelated case. Only mentioned out of caution.
I wish I am in US for your ceremony. Still love from India. You are next in White house. Let us bring  values and ethics
u are depressing
"Inspiring" is about the scariest way someone could describe Israel. If you support #Trump, you support the continuation of these numbers
that is obviously the progressive mindset to support the terrorists over the only democracy in the middle east
yoυ pig
Gun control, GPS all the weapons. Rays http://idea.lol  good idea? Ya think?!
I highly doubt that
There you go This is the first I've heard about Israel We need to know who supports Israel it's so important to many of us
Heartless Hillary believes this little fellow can still be murdered & has "No Constitutional Rights." #ChristiansVoteTrump
Hello Clinton Team...Yoda Says:
DJT you are DEPRSSING .YOU are making us SICK .
so glad to hear you say that!!!
FBI reopening investigation of HRC EMAILS. About time hope they get it right this time.
I think they got it right the 1st time
..I think ALL of America got it right.
I think she got more votes. So yes America voted for the right person but the electoral college gave it to Trump.
Israel is Gods Chosen People Abrahams Grandson Isaac became Israel
We're praying with & for bless I S r a e l  yes God  in Jesus name
Donald would kiss the Devil-Netanyahu on the lips then kiss his axx to get elected...shame on your Satanist inspirations
@MarcHochman I'm sure you will over look this too
he called the re-election of Netanyahu depressing. They're on opposite sides of the political spectrum. More Trump nonsense.
Obama worked really hard to influence the election against him! There's no working relationship there.
Waiting for the walk backs.
1. FBI not reopening the investigation.
2. Comey legally had 2 inform Congress, because he testified they had finished reviewing evidence,
Israel is inspiring for a inspiring Nazi like you
Israel is awesome!! Without it, the Middle East would be in an even worse situation without it
To some Nazi Germany was awesome and as you know Israel was founded by Nazi Germany.
how disgraceful; as a Sikh, I have tremendous love for the Israeli people; Israel is such a holy country & beautiful country
Lady, I'm sure you know better. Do you really think the win is worth lying!
meet me somewhere and try to call me a troll common please make my day. U sleez bag
yeah right
only someone connected to Hillary would think Israel is depressing.
Bush's, Clinton's, Obama's = (20 Trillion) Debt, KAOS,  Corrupt Globalist Smear CABAL. Send TRUMP To Drain Swamp Nov. 7th.
CONGRATULATIONS ON RUNNING A TREMENDOUS CAMPAIGN AND BECOMING PRESIDENT!!! VITORY
Judging from your profile picture, I can only deduce you are the human embodiment of autism.
Thanks Mr. T! Saw you in Jax. Great rally Gold Star Wife of Jewish heritage. Small income, but I contributed! FBI get H NOW
So sorry that he takes advantage of people like you. #predator #conman #thief
U have to be blinder than my totally blind mother who died @ 95! NEW FBI probe Huma phone 
Yes, and nobody's even read the emails yet. BFD. Meanwhile Trump has 75 open lawsuits.
Even Nixon looks like a Saint compared to Clintons!
75 open lawsuits pending right now - some saint!
This Gold Star Wife may be "Deplorable & Irrodeamoble", but not nasty! I'm just know B&Hill!
It really does pay to 1: Read 2: Understand what is said 3: Not jump to your own conclusions.
what is inspiring about Israel.
Why don't u move there& stop trying to ruin my country by putting worst buffoon alive White House
What does Neera Tanden smoke ?
Hillary is anti Semitic, she surpass herself with Muslims connected to the Muslim brotherhood.
I hear George has that big private Island. Put Obama. Clinton's and Islamic Terrorist there and build that wall George also
Can you locate Israel on a map without assistance?
she's a lying no good hypocrite like Obama sympathetic towards the Muslim community but the hell with Israel our friend!
he is going to sue, people are shivvering with fear the nipples are falling off
It is not understood that Hillary who as foreign minister failed to protect  life of US Ambassador,can save lives fromIS
http://fusion.net/story/328522/donald-trump-accused-rape-sexual-assault/ …
Yes, Israel is inspiring! God bless her and keep her! Amen
stop wasting your money, you 're going to lose on this election,  Hillary is going to be your 45 U.S.A president.
nobody has ever built as successful of a country in the Middle East against all odds
Of course Israel is inspiring. They built a country against huge odds and they thrive.
I disagree--if you think jailing children, killing civilians en masse, and stealing homes is inspiring that's a problem
move to israel
Really Now?.. Have you forgotten?... We Haven't.....
please mr trump stay on point on the corruption of Hilary and the Clinton foundation thank you
I am not sure if any Democrat or Hillary likes anyone.
not so fast Donald!
what's worse: 5B loss for taxpayers or 1B loss in business?
Really? You think it's inspiring but you stand up & refuse to protect Israel? You said you won't get involved! #hypocrisy
Your dead campaign's theme song. R.I.P. Hater Nation. https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=bAJ_74tDZzU …
Israel is one of our best allies and Is think it be best to stay that way.
Report: Weiner Had Online ‘Rape Fantasies’ With 15-Year-Old Girl. Trump may also be involved. They use to run together.
STFU You Douchebag!!
Yeah, NOW you say you do.
look at this despicable deceptive piece of journalism - total smear campaign even in australia -

Trump is going to have us looking good and the rest of the world to
I will be very proud to have you as our President
This coming from a man who once said that the Middle East is a problem source and should be wiped clean. He is hypocrite
and Israel defends itself in the ruthless way necessary to be a nation
Israel is the key to everything.  They are God's chosen people!  We must support them always!!
.@realDonaldTrump @JoAnnEileen If #HillaryClinton's #NeeraTanden  thinks "#Israel is depressing" see #SaudiArabia
yeah!
A militarised apartheid system is your inspiration? Figures.
You really are a MORON!
#Fraud #YouWillLose
I forget, is the system still rigged today? Can't remember if it is or not
@KellyannePolls @JasonMillerinDC @DonaldJTrumpJr Time to troll Hillary! Get to it!
https://twitter.com/NolteNC/status/792060018816409600 …
Hopefully these new pertinent e-mail the FBI director has now received can finally bring charges.
I'm sure Neera was depressed before she ever went to Israel.
You like Russia and Israel.  This isn't gonna work out at all.

This should teach all of us 2 watch what we write/say. True personality comes out when we think no one will see/hear it.
your depressing!
Just out: @realDonaldTrump is depressing.
you don't give af about Israel.
Israel awarded @realDonaldTrump the Tree of Life award - Israel's highest civilian honor.
Hillary lie song https://youtu.be/CnBqfIjUtB4 
LONG LIVE ISRAEL
Seems an accurate description given the context.
I thought the system was rigged?Is this investigation rigged to placate u?lol
THINGS THAT MAKE U GO HMMMM
Israel are a brave people
You're depressing though
And you think Putin is inspiring too. That is a bit contradictory
Israel is awesome inspiration
FBI had to uncover emails that show intent
That should help your campaign.snort.
@DonaldJTrumpJr Israel is depressing to their enemies!!!
you are depressing

Seems hilli is hateful to all races and religions, she  is the one who is depressing (hilli)
We love you too Mr. President!!!!
my sister and I just came back Israel .  I love it there.  Great people.
God will stand with Israel and USA because we do too.
Amen! Mr. Trump
After what they do to Palestinian people it is inspiring? Defies logic.
God Bless You Mr. Trump! #TrumpTellsTruth
HRC says that she will solve major problems!  How come? If BHO has been a great prez,which problems were left to be solved?
The FBI re-opens the investigation through the e-mails of Hillary Clinton
Hilary is not in prison for high treachery for being who is... for nothing more.
And the above mentioned the chief of the FBI said it
Judge Napolitano: What happened to the FBI? It's been corrupted by Obama and his team https://shar.es/1IawUG  @sharethis
.
Israel and the Jews own #CNN. I don't understand whats inspiring about a land grab.israel is a cancer on decent humanity.
But you also said you grabbed women by the pussy, so, faint praise......
Perhaps you could emigrate?
FBI is re-opening the investigation! Now let them do their job,stay focused,on the msg,sort out vote fraud and WIN 2 MAGA!
NYT headline tomorrow : "Hillary Schlonged by Weiner"
Move there
US support of Israel was primary motivation for 9/11 & earlier WTC in 1993 as well:
Because You are investing there or some other reason?
actual photo of a Hillary supporter after hearing news of the re-opened investigation
I can't understand how any honest person can vote for HRC unless dishonesty is acceptable in this day and age God help us
Funny how you always call her for pandering....Funny how things change!
Amen. I stand with Israel!
Jesus blesses those who bless Israel @mike_pence
Random but true: Trump means fart in England.
you're wrong there but I still vote for you
You're Also Under Investigation Have You Forgotten Dec.16th Court Date Of RAPE Of A 13yro. #SexualPredator #DisgustingDon
100 FBI Agents assigned to
Hillary case. Talk radio is on fire
But I thought YOU are running a "dark campaign!" CHOO CHOO!!! #MAGA
that's because you don't have a clue

Great point. @realDonaldTrump
We're all victims of MISINFORMATION fed to us on both sides.
we just want to hear about how you will help our country.  Not name calling.  #sticktothetopicsplease.  Go Trump Go
There is many corruption in the Democratic party

centuries of war with no resolution in sight is inspiring? Come on, you're grasping at straws here.
Honestly, not even Godless Media can defend Hillary and her tribe (+O), anylonger. Before Nov 8th much will be revealed.
But you and your fans don't like Jews.
yes. İsrael is inspiring for Palestinian baby killing. Bush killed baby in ıraq, Afghanistan with this inspiring.
#imstillvotingforhilary
I am black and I am a women and I don't fit into your perfect world
