nobody likes you
no, we love him!!! Your queen is a crook with no conscience!!!!
Sorry, but I have no queen! This is America :( you're gonna lose <3
we'll see!!!
yes we will! :)
IN THREE WEEKS ... WE WON'T BE SEEING YOU ANYMORE!!!  YOU ARE TOAST!
would place $$ on that!!!
trump gets destroyed in a landslide. Only bigots are voting for him
I'm not a bigot and I'm voting for him. HRC will have us in wars for years. I have kids!!
The guy that faked heel spurs to avoid joining the army now wants to be commander in chief.
Dude, you're an ACTOR, ok? I did more the country than you. Get off your soapbox.

Dems still don't get this movement...not about supporting Trump as much as it's anti-Establishment.
I totally get anti-establishment but just not trying to do it with an admitted sex predator.
if any 1 is a sex predator in the room, it's Bill Clinton.  But threats & $ settlements solved that
Consider if it's men who have turned you against what will be our first woman president.
Pls don't play that card. I am a strong wife of a Marine. I know who I am & what I stand for.
I don't understand how ppl hate trump but love hillary who lies promotes hate and is a criminal how can you be proud of WTF
real classy aren't u?
Voter FRAUD is real. Liberals can't win fair and square, even in their own party. Sorry Bernie
we are gonna win BIG
God help us that crooked Clinton does not win on 8 th October
We Trumpsters love them all. God bless America.
stay the course!  It's america 1st it's all us Americans first &;foremost.  Stay on the goal. TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
2 bad Walmart & Ikea aren't running 4 president because wen it comes to big crowds, they wud win. #nastywomam for Hillary
So you're touring the states you're going to loose on Nov 8?
That hurt! Did you send that to a ZERO of your followers? @realDonaldTrump
well, if you must know, tweeting to the world about your stupidity, won't change who you are.
Not with ZERO followers! @realDonaldTrump
you are the best.
I already vote and my family all for you.
great campaigns,  keep it up.
I sure hope and pray, that Donald will win to be our next president... God Bless Amerika
drain the liberal media swamp starting with Fox News ms.  M Kelly
* crooked Hilary
just wondering,  how can the American system allow a person who has abused office like Clinton run for the highest office.
Laura and I were there. The crowd really wanted to Lock HerUp!! They may get their wish.
Hitler had big crowds too.

amazing you could gather a crowd so white in north carolina which is 22% black 9% latino 3% asian, etc

might make a reasonable person wonder about the message?
go home
tried to book trump D.C.  Special rate for gov employ. I am ultimate gov employ. Come on man
Follow me if you support Trump!
We will save every Clinton supporter's mind. We are going to save the nation, hand in hand. @realDonaldTrump
Not far from my home.Wish I was able to stand in lines long enough to see you!
Mr. Trump! What the hell is this all about?!? I can't believe we wasted all this time on you. http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/lawsuit-accusing-trump-raping-girl-13-december-hearing-article-1.2828413 … #MAGA
the usual unsubstantiated accusations that are all to soon disproved
C'mon, this guy can't be president. GOP should start supporting a good conservative nominee for 2020.
Ok let's talk about you blessing HRC's coronation the one unindicted felon
is this accurate?
Of course not, it's Reuters.
I presume you would prefer David Icke or Info Wars
I would prefer my kids'school newsletter. It's not as corrupt.
which parts of the article are you disputing or is it just the normal "everything's a conspiracy" shite?
Honestly, too poorly written to slog all the way through. I may have another go after skating. Cheers!
Great job Donald Who can do 3 Rallies in one day continuously everyday. You are amazing and your stamina is beyond any ones
straight forward victory is near...favourite !
Was great to have you in our town! I hope you saw the many signs supporting you in the more rural areas
our vote in Georgia is yours
I voted for you today Mr. Trump via absentee ballot! May God Bless you and America on November 8 Sir!
NASTY WOMEN VOTING YOU OUT BAHAHAHAHA
@TeamTrump @GOP  I live in conservative area. In line early vote. Long! One and 1/2 hours. MAGA! DJT
you already lost North Carolina. Move along.
already voted for you in Utah
I thought you said it was the 28th?
I don't believe you. Convince me and you will convince 30 million women.
We love you Mr Trump, you love America, we will put you in office!!
I hope that was you I donated my money to last Thursday night.It was all I could afford. I'm still fighting for you.
By the way, most of it was cut except a few sentences. I was so disappointed in the media.
I had a chat with WLOS13  in Fletcher NC It was powerful. The guy cried. This I did for my Christy who died this year.
RIGHT, YES INDEED, EXACTLY, ABSOLUTELY!!...#MAGA!!...TRUMP-PENCE 2016!!!
We love North Carolina!
stick to the issues please,  forget about those smear campaigns and dirty tricks of the Clinton camp.
great pledge to the American people on the 100 days in office :-)
If you want to rig an election…
You have earned the peoples' votes.  You have such great insight into the needs of our America.  Thank you.
Short, Skinny Fingers!
@Trump_World perino and stirewalt are completely against Trump on Fox!
Stirewalt was shown shaking his head when Trump said he'd sue.
how about working with planned parenthood with the goal - to reduce abortions?
We will construct Mosques for Muslims to pray to every neighbourhood!We won't stop our plans! @HillaryClinton is the winner
2017 Blockbusters: #MAGA with #LockHerUp (@HillaryClinton) staring N #HillaryForPrison followed by sequel: #DrainTheSwamp
Love you Mr.Trump
just save fuel on that 757 and stay home, let Pence talk some Spence into this craziness for you.
the real problem with Democrate is bad economy , bad employment rate , hiking college cost , high education debt , jobless
Vote for Trump

This is a bubble camera lens... couple hundred..
keep telling yourself that. Lmao
Its Time America time for change take the risk
how bout you get out on November 8th ??? #annoyinghombre
Low energy BuffoonTrump.
great crowd it is only about 10 thousand people, o my god what great crowd.
NO NOVEMBER 28 #NASTYWOMEN  RULE
this man has campaigned every single day since the is shit show started!! #votedortrump
you are going to lose
TRUMP THE DAMN SKUNK IF YOU HAD TO WALK THE INNER CITY STREET ALONE THEY'D SAY TRUMP IS A PUNK.
Go for Donald here in Florida
Vote Trump to stop the democratic hate!
I'll get out on Nov. 8th. How about you get out now.
praying for you to #doright
sent in my absentee ballot - not in favor of you.
: Go TRUMP!!
You will never be a president,I hope you  know that.
@grannygethealth Please come to our Bikers For Trump rally in Pompano Beach, Fl. tomorrow. http://MickeysTiki.com 
AWESOME JOB!!! People NEED TO HEAR THAT SPEECH EVERYDAY TILL ELECTION DAY!!  AMAZING!!!
Crowds don't make a candidate voters do. Vote @HillaryClinton on Nov 8th
preaching 2 brain dead choir. What makes you think responsible intelligent voters trust a tax evader 'Birther' liar like U?
wow!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNVNAZaKRng&feature=share …
.@realDonaldTrump  Good speech!  Good solid ideas to get our country centered!  Now get those people out to VOTE.  I have already!

is Hitler reborn. Imprison HIllary and attack the media if elected? Pure dictator move. You are a fascist if not Nazi.
get out and vote on Nov 28th lmao
@politico Anti-American Orangeman...

it's not November 28th anymore? #FLIPFLOPPER
@washingtonpost what a loser
At Gettysburg  - Mr Trump  you are no Abe Lincoln


Lk at all the @HillaryClinton TROLLS here!They say, the more trolls we see,the better we're beating CRKED Killary#MAGA
come check out Volunteer Mobile Emergency Response Unit ! GIVE US A thumb's up. We're your Emergency Services Professionals
We will Donald.
congrats! Going great Mr.President 2016
Hillary had 100.
- Leave Johnstown alone, they've already hosted a disaster.
#TrumpAgainstHumanity
Donald Trump asked us to send you this
we're rooting for you to be the President of America! I'm praying for your victory, sir. 
don't want this progressive crap anymore. Socialists are beeing dump down in trash here in LA and
That witch is defrauding the election, Mr. Trump. Please, do not let her get away with that! Americans love you and
Thank you for your truth @ Al Smith's dinner.right occasion & audience filled with hypocrites..God Bless You
DOING THE DINALD !! Vote trump pence 2016,,!!
I WILL VOTE TRUMP PENCE 2016 !!
Crowds want to see a has-been reality show star destroy his own credibility. They don't see a presidential candidate.
If the press and TV coverage can do it to U, they can do it to all Americans! A  woman and daughter  4 Trump.
We need to make sure November 8th is not Walking Dead National Day
. GO TRUMP.  TRUMP ALL OVER HER and this is coming from a woman. How about that.
If you think corruption is the way to success… vote Hillary.
I will. UT not for this racist Man!!!!!!
Middle class being screwed.  Obama care disaster.  There is a better and less expensive way. No mother can stay home.
already voted! And for you!
yeah, racist assholes love to gather in large crowds. Usually those meetings end with a burning cross or a lynching. #bigly
bunch of deplorable bigots and racists where are the hoods and burning crosses
. I thought you said 28th?  That's really more convenient for me than the 8th. So see you all at the polls on the 28th!
not for you
MORE AND MORE BULLSHIT AND LIES FROM TEAM RUSSIA 
BTW GREAT COMPUTER GRAPHICS
Go vote people. Every vote is so important! Rise above! Keep praying! Phil 4:13 Go vote people!  #VOTETrumpPence 
GREAT COMPUTER GRAPHICS  YOUR SUCH A BULLSHIT ARTIST 
SUCH A LOSER
@MAGA @trump2016  @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldTrumpJr @mike_pence  @MayorRGiuliani @realDonaldTrump smaller crowd than normal though
Still no tax returns?
.  You know Mark Cuban has Goodwill stores.  We donate he sells your donations and gets rich
from every tweet I'm reading on here. There are an awful lot of worried Clinton supporters. COME ON TRUMPY  !!
WTF that crowd is ridiculous!
I thought you said November 28th. I'm sure you wouldn't lie so I will help you out, CORRECT DATE NOVEMBER 28th, you all.
@Holly25Marie Thank you for what you're doing Mr. Trump. God bless you!
you can keep your God, you can keep your constitution and you can keep your guns...and if you think I'm kidding, try me.
Donald Trump is filling his polls to capacity , standing room only.  Crooked Hillary can't hardly get a hundred to attend r
may St. Christopher carry you in your travels!
Jobs was the world’s preeminent corporate storyteller, turning product launches into an art form...
That's one diverse crowd!  Not!  Sad.  Disgusting. Disgraceful.
Massive Voter Turn Out, Go Bold last 20 days!
not for you. Please concede now!
We the people, have chosen you, to beat crooked Hillary.
hope your bone spur condition doesn't hinder you from slamming FLOTUS today at the hallowed ground.
Don't give up, man.  Turnout is the key.
A man who is so enamored with structures, can't be trusted with the abstract.
watch NC go to Hillary!  #WHINYLITTLEBITCH #NOTACLUE #LOSER
@Lrihendry  If we all get out and vote. No excuses. We can save our country. You like living in America?
Donald all you are doing is sinking to new insulting lows - is that really gonna help - your 100 plan is bullshit & u putts
Grab a seat looser@
I expect bigots there. No suprise
@TeamTrump - Donald J. Trump is invincible. He's more electable, more Presidential. Better still, he's anti-Establishment.
NOV 8 VOTE Don't listen to this TROLL ERIC VALE
@Esq4Trump2016 Donald keep up the effort - the people are with you - the MSM/Fox and DC elite will be surprised on Nov 8
@Salvato18946554 
USA has been hijacked the politician and the Elite may not give freedom to its citizen just like Pharaoh to the Isrealite
keep going. Success is yours
And they have to stand for hrs. Amazing
I did not see Chris Christie standing by you, why? Donald why? Maybe he his the rig s o b in you campaign?
@nineteenfemale  hey TRUMP, you achieved something historical, got Europe to agree for first time in history: against you
Go Trump Go! #MAGA #Trump2016 #VoteStraightRepublican #DontGiveUpTheSeatsInWashington
This is probably the first time in your life that youve realized how you act like a child, people preparing you for a loss!
celibrate  DIWALI FESTIVAL with INDIANS on 30/10/2006(SUNDAY)&GODESS OF WEALTH & SUCESS will BLESS YOU @iamshalabhkumar
#HillaryVsTrump Supprised the #ConfederateFlag isn't hanging on the stage, Familes of good ol'e boy & a good ol'e party
