Your a disgrace to this country
Rest of the world hates americans so its not as easy as you think
or we'll become world's laughing stock if we elect Trump and hasten our decline
can't take anyone seriously who uses names like that. esp since ur candidate has the fondness for him http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trumps-ex-wife-once-said-he-kept-a-book-of-hitlers-speeches-by-his-bed-2015-8 …
Did they hurt him feewings? Do you want a juice box? They need a time out! Bad old New York Times! Big buwwies!
Actually speaking out on media bias & corporate corruption is a grown-up issue, lady! #HillaryForPrison
Or whining.
@CharlesMBlow Completely destroyed you in the @nytimes and you deserved every word of it, your honesty is non existent
Trying to deflect the fact that you are the poster boy of a laughing stock, will not work. #dumptrump
think they're madder that u helped rebirth NYC, are a savvy business man or that you showed off the DC property?
@natmanelis @nytimes we aren't cousins if ur gonna keep posting trump stuff
eyy but trump is my man
death after sustained contact with Trump! So will the United States enemy's! Our golden beacon for us to follow!
Everything is laughable with Hilary

They are mad as hell. Becoming president will make them hang. I look forward to this
 #TrumpTrain
look in the mirror..you're the laughingstock
You Have Got That Right Big Time
Hahahahaha
.There is a laughingstock but not the NYTimes. Look in a mirror to find it.
release your tax returns con man
isn't that what you do Donald?
true

hey Ronald show us your azz.. oh sorry you just did
What were you showing to Donnie Jr?
you tell 'em Crusader !!
Mr. Trump - Just stay away from the birther issue.  No more comments.
ummm...shouldn't this make you happy?
You act like whiny little child when you're criticized. No "child" has ever been elected president. INCOMPETENT!

#BasketOfDeplorables @HillaryClinton U CAN ATTACK CANDIDATE @realDonaldTrump BUT U NEVER ATTACK A VOTER #TeamTrumpPA 
you cry a lot
Lying Crooked Hillary should not have any leadership position with this country: Vote Trump

Grumpy is just throwing another tantrum cause NYTimes don't love him like he loves himself.
#DELETEYOURACCOUNT
I guess the Enquirer is better. Isn't that were you get your news?
Trump you are the biggest CON since Hitler!
*have
Show your tax returns. YOU'RE  ajoke.
A toddler has less tantrums than you. #ReleaseYourTaxReturns #DumpTrump @nytimes
Sorry, #DonTheCon the NYTimes writers tell the truth unlike you, you are the laughingstock!
All the News that's fit to print...Donnie your bullshit is hardly fit to print. Take a Pill, Tubby.


poor Deplorable Trump Supporters..

the Clinton's have Reagan Privilege....
 http://anationbeguiled.com/?p=9671 
Reagan isn't running.
Mr. Trump. Stamina is to wake up at 3am and have your military rain HELL on BENGHAZI terrorists to save US LIVES!
Trump and Charley Sheen must be hanging out drinking that Tiger Blood.
@lisa_musser @nytimes I love that you are having Gennifer Flowers on the front row of the debate--Hillary will be flustered
u just described ur campaign
you are the Russians laughing stock flunkie
not as much of a laughing stock than you

its so clear shes a gold digger too.  Does anyone believe if trump was poor she'd touch him?

Even Bill won't touch 'illary.
oh ILLary! Cause she got sick like a human being does! What a good one!
@WeirdNews__ @nytimes Ur loser mgr Kelly Anne singing their praises on @hardball tonite. Is she going 2 hear "UR FIRED"?
only cuz they say the truth,unlike yourself, joke,get out
You will have my vote GO MAN! !!
wow, after last night...Hillary and Bill are 42 days away going home.
@GrrrGraphics @nytimes
whaaaaa!
She still has a lot of people who will vote for her, I call them DEPORTIBLES, because we need to deport them
@sme4201968 @nytimes I seen some of their laughing stocks comments. They can have her. 
We want Trump for President! 
YOU FAIL TO SHOW YOUR TAX RETURNS
Your bullying 1st grade #TrumpUNAmerican name-calling is pathetic. You hate factual @nytimes bc facts DESTROY you
admit it Mr Drumpf! You will lose! DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT!!!!
Maureen Dowd has practically licked your shoes clean for you, and you dare insult her for some light criticism???
Nothing failing about NY Tmes.They are not backing you. They're the greatest news machine ever. calls a pig a pig.
wow, you and The NY Times have a lot in common then.
Hillary is not doing badly. You just wish she was.
Sorry Donald has become the laughing stock of America with his Blagard incinuations on debate!!
@colincampbell @nytimes No, you are a laughingstock rag.
can you tweet once without name calling? #fuckstick
@SenWarren - "@realDonaldTrump has more support from Aryan nation and the KKK than he does from leaders of his own party."
Actually, @HillaryClinton claims KKK founder is friend & mentor https://youtu.be/oP-FZe0F8qU 
Senator Byrd repudiated, apologized and was mourned by NAACP. Stormfront supports Trump.
dude -you are such a joke -and such a horrible human being-it sickens me
What is honestly stopping you from hopping on the #TrumpTrain where we honor American liberties?
he thinks women should be punished for having an abortion
Lol... need some popcorn. Do you really believe all the lies pushed by the Clinton camp? 
are you to stupid to not comprehend his horribleness?
i honestly think the portrait painted by MSM is the farthest version of reality. Google arkancide
do you not have any friends that aren't white? Talk to them about him -
I love surrounding myself with diversity. Diversity = Success. I am 10 ethnicities, none R white
Nothing says "presidential" like a grown man tossing out petty insults as if he was a 5th grade bully.
how else to communicate that the whole internet has gone crazy uncovering their (nearly criminal) media bias?
So the best way to expose this "media bias" is to insult everyone? Not a good method for earning respect.
I definitely think these names really stick to people because of how much truth lies behind it. @nytimes sold out many yrs ago
Enlighten me. What news organizations are legit?
Please don't take the bait. We know you're on top so stay that way.
STOP talking bad about anyone that disagrees with you...you are here for ALL of us, remember?

I agree fuck the New York Times.
You have become so profoundly reflective lately Donald! Now all you need to do is turn this talk INWARD
what about the policies and issues? Oh wait the only ones she has are @BarackObama sloppy seconds
I guess the more they hate on Trump, the more votes he gets.
you are amazing! Keep up the good work! I knew you were the only one able to much her ass!
Speaking of laughingstock...
El problema es cuando dicen una cosa y hacen otra. Incongruencia. @VicenteSerrano
@Plantflowes @nytimes keep going, monkey-boy!
There's only 1 laughingstock in this election. He has weird hair & REAL thin orange skin.
A case of too much LSD or Crystal meth!
Its a shithole like Wapo. Jen Rubin has lost her liberal mind, along with the rest. They are the scurge.
Bias needs to be exposed. Don't let up.
YOU AREN'T RUNNING AGAINST THEM!!! YOU JUST WENT UP IN THE POLLS. DON'T BLOW IT!!!!!!
you don't sound very presidential #orangeone

MR.TRUMP PLEASE DM I HAVE IMPORTANT INFO TO HELP YOU BEAT HILLARY,IM HUGE SUPPORTER OF YOURS AND FRIENDS WITH TANA
@CNN like jokes, even more when trump does it.
you sound scared little man
#America vs #trump

#donaldtrump has no affinity for #FirstAmendment.

Oh right,.. he's #Fascist.

@realdonaldtrump
@realDonaldTrump Donald, let my people go! 
Fired from his own TV Show Apprentice b/c he's boring & never contributed, continued to turn off viewers, ratings very low.
you call Hillary crooked you're as crooked as they come. You screwed a lot of people now it's our turn to screw you we will
I CANNOT believe that ANYONE believes your nonsense.  Curiously, do you have any friends?  Do you have a pet?
Did you see the article by 538 today, you dimwit?  You're toast.
why are you constantly reading it, if its failing so badly?
Thank You @nytimes.Great reporting! Don, here's your pacifier again. Man up, Bigot. #NeverTrump
who cares, no one reads that crap....let your underlings make the comments you almost President Trump
@Darren32895836 I gave up on the NYT years ago after all of the phony stories were exposed!
Kellyann great on MTP. "Your job in to cover  not slander"Donald Trump!
You saying its bad, doesnt make it bad. You know just how awful Brietbart is? 

Quit digging, or learn to dig up
She's ahead of you! Traitor! @nytimes
Mr Trump. Take heed. IT AIN'T OVER TILL ITS OVER!!!
You might want to stop reading it and watching CNN until the after the election.
get her on a stand for an hour in front of people taking questions, she'll fall apart!
she's doing great, and she's been resting @ home. The debates will be your demise if you don't worm your way out!
Of course, she bought them : )  #TrumpPence16
We see what's going on and it's pathetic. No lie they won't tell about you, no truth they'll tell about HRC
much like your head.
thank you New York times, America thanks you for the exposing how corrupt we already knew trump is
Hey Crooked Donny, cover your mouth with your teeny tiny hands, you'll do much better.
C'mon. You didn't actually write that? What a dipstick you are.  Childish fool.         Drumpf: Grating On America
I like the NYT
I posted to HC that no matter what she says, we deplorable's are voting for #Trump!!

@LouDobbs for five years he lied about the president of the United States intentionally discredit him knowing it was a Lie
Sounds like you've gone nuts. LOL
You're the laughing stock. Whiney ass cheeto
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=yardJfHE0qg … Michelle Obama said Obama homeland was where?
the times  has got your number donnie  and it was zero  ,  now the number is -1.
YOU are the laughingstock!
be prepared for hillary has an speculated coincidence with @INCIndia  @nytimes
@CNN @MSNBC @ABCPolitics @FoxNews What?  You don't like them pointing out your lies & challenging you.  GET REAL!!
No.... The laughing stock is you!!
we must set up monitoring at election centers and verify absentee ballots . America is very broken Obama did it
Obama started the war with Afghanistan and Iraq we need to hang the SOB!!!
She's still beating you though ....
Calm yourself Donny, stay on message an put your tweeter away.  We're trying to get you elected.
JUST THINK ABOUT IT..THEY WERE PUT IN A LOW HUMAN PLACE WERE NO ONE IS HARDLY AROUND
. R there not some "laughingstock" politicians & media outlets? Is MSNBC & CNN not complicit with Obama & Clinton?
- Everything that comes out of your mouth is a lie.
@LouDobbs @nytimes Trump knows a laughingstock when he sees one! He sees one in the mirror. Don, military academy clown!
@Alien00X @nytimes They are desperate!
Oh Yeah!!  They have to Feel Desperate By Now!

have your Twitter handlers gone on hiatus?
True, the barrage of stories the published yesterday, purely attack pieces with no hint of real news, was sick.
amazing how you defile anyone or anything that you don't like.  You are very good at deflection among many other ideas re u
People who think they are wise when they are not are worse than fools. Yes, you Mr Trump are worse than a fool.
'Trump doesn't hurl insults' Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, lying.
They have foundation for their claims, you don't. Your are the lying-cheating Trump.
someone at the NYT is bucking for a cabinet position in a Hillary gov. aren't they?
don't fall into their trap. Take the high road.
What is your detailed position on HB2 in NC? #imguessingnoclue #dipshit
some hate tweets (dante) on this feed. Thank you for revealing yourselves. You are catapulting Mr. Trump to office
@LouDobbs @nytimes Mr Trump we need your strong leadership of respect for our great country. Firm but fair leadership
Keep wagging your irresponsible tongue.  Riding high right now are U because of polls.  They are a shifting sand.
stay on message. Who cares about these idiots
YOU & your campaign has been the laughing stock to most Americans, for over a year ago; I'm still LAUGHING..hahaha
Proudly read everything they write and the WSJ and the WP.
@realmarkcuban Trump is the definition of a welfare queen.  When are you going to be interviewed by Cuban? #Trump
haha ,everyone saying anything negative about you is FAILING,I'm wondering why you don't call Putin FAILING?!
thin skin gets thinner
whoa acts like a 3rd grader. Just can't take criticism. So thinned skinned.
my favorite toilet paper. It's cheaper then Charmin but probably just as worthless after use.
you have too many yes-men around you... YOU have become the laughingstock - a clown- a jerk-off joke #ReleaseTheReturns
so much venom in your blood you just have to spit out!
Trump and his two bitches Putin and ALT-RIGHT (PEPE)  
#TRUMPSCUMBAGLOSER#
No Donny, YOU are the laughing stock of this Country.  #deplorable #joke #sad #racist #pandering #ignorance
#Deplorable.

#TrumpPence16 
Trump you are the laughing stock of everyone dinner conversation
Your thin-skin is getting more raw as you approach the debates. You know you won't be able to keep up w/HRC. @nytimes
The laughing stock is @realDonaldTrump. Threatens to sue any time someone tells the honest truth about him. #KingofDeplorables
. This comment coming from a man who will say any insane garbage just for ratings.. Don't hate when you do the same
get over it. As long as u carry on ur charade,they will continue to expose the truth about you. 1st Amend dummy.
Wait. THEY r willing to say anything? You are a classic example of PROJECTION (it's psychology; look it up).
if news media doesn't understand your comment on guns in relationship to Hillary it just shows their ignorance
NAZI
literally, no one has ever said this
Hiliary's BODY DOUBLE is NOW on the Campaign Trail! Anyone who believes Hiliary has "BOUNCED BACK" is MISTAKEN!
http://correctrecord.org/donald-trump-jr-confirms-theres-something-fishy-in-trumps-tax-returns/ …
In AU, socialist rags like NYT are failing cause their readers are used to freebies, not paywalls. Meanwhile..
Conservative rags in AU, like The Australian, are booming despite paywall bcz of truth in reporting, who knew?
I beleive you are more crooked that Hillary? Check the fact.
