STOP #H1B Visas #Pharmacy #jobs #flooded Pharmacy Market
Trump's a hump!
such as your tie factory in China or the clothing factory in Bangladesh
for a few days I think it would be wise for you to act like a president. Say what a president should say. Surprise us!!!
nah, that's what his VP is for! Someone who might b able 2do the job, &someone 2make it OK to act like an ass
Joe Biden didn't do much reform these past 8 years.
I didn't say that's what a VP is for, I said that's what HIS VP is for
yea and my point is that a VP has zero role once a president is elected. They do nothing.
but @mike_pence will probably be the one making the big calls if they win. @realDonaldTrump is in no way capable of this job
can u tell me when that has ever happened before
nope. It'll be a first. But Trump needs a President, not a VP.
I have a bad heart so I can't do much but I can pray and I know God hears my prayers I pray for your safety every day
how many of those people you hired did you actually pay
Pls make the case 4-America on substance on lower taxes 4 middle class+small business+jobs+security
Yes, you may give them the jobs, but then stiff them on the paycheck!!!
but he's doing them a favor! Everyone wants 2 work 4 free for Trump!
too bad those 'jobs' don't produce paychecks.
So why do you bring Polish men to work on your buildings most people  a see right thru you

when will you produce your good in the USA??!!
RUMP buy plenty of product overseas , including steel from CHINA, for his construction projects..
You gave all your jobs to other countries, remember?
No they aren't. Trump doesn't even pay the people he hires. Try again.
will you be bringing back jobs done by robots???
no Trump is proven to steal money from hard workers and doesn't pay taxes #quitDonald
"NO KAINE DO"!
Hiring ppl to work for you IS NOT job creation. Unless you plan to hire everyone.
Mine coal,drill for oil, manufacture goods in USA! Trump understands!
hiring illegal latino dishwashers isn't job creation you putz
create jobs, work the project till completion, then shaft the poor fucker who did the job. Job-pay=?
Pls explain your economic plans using business terms to WOW the American voters & put Hiliary back 2 school...economics 1.0
OMG-what a load of Bullshit !  You want to discuss this with the US steel workers ?

ties, suits, shirts to name a few
how blind
The unemployment rate is the 2nd lowest it's been before any Presidential election since 1968
trump hates Americans. Only one of his wives was from here.
REALLY DONALD?!!! Are u going to bring your companies back to the USA, have your goods made in the USA, and pay fair wage?
wrong
Please explain why you capitalized proven, jobs and back.
So you won't make your cheap ties & suits in China anymore? Why are you waiting?
You edited out this line..."But we just won't give the workers any paychecks."
Fact
Your jobs are overseas for cheap labor.
just create more jobs : don't run for president please!
moe like proven scammers, fraudsters and con men
pence pulled a judas last night. Deny deny deny. So much for team trump.
By bring jobs back, you mean ship them overseas to China, right?
ya right! After reducing wages and taking rights away. Pence is evil! You are delusional!
Are you going to start by bringing jobs back from all the countries u sent away?
How many of those housekeeping jobs filled by imported Slavs?
@TeamTr State offices putting the small seafood producers out of business and they are destroying our natural resources.
Its needs to be said Trump matches all 22,000 employees federal taxes every week
- The ONLY thing you have "proven" is that you are as far away from "Presidential" as one can get.
small businesses are great! But, price wise I can't afford to shop in them.
http://ronwhiteforpresident.com 

bullshit!!!!
Start with your own companies & @IvankaTrump clothes/shoes You're all words & zero action as always.
Clinton 25 million jobs created one of America's best economy
how will you make these jobs
No, you either fire people or just do not pay them. @HillaryClinton is a job creator.#MadamPresident #StrongerTogether
make @BernieSanders happy by bringing production back home
Are your jobs coming back from China and Mexico on those cheap looking suits
Proven is you bankrupt and don't pay so your jobs mean very little
the jobs you exported before? #madeinchina
Oh, and running business away from Indiana with his bigoted "religious freedom" law?
Oh, like Pence did when he signed prohibition on bottled e-juice that put  small vape shops out of business?
trust you to criticize someone about their looks. Why don't you make up some insulting name for him? You are awful.
While your merchandise is made in China.....
Are you bringing jobs back from your company that is outsourced to 12 countries.  If you want I will list them

So @realDonaldTrump imports materials from China, offshores manufacturing of his products and imports employees. Who's Jobs?  @mike_pence
your hats and ties and shirts are from Mexico and China
@Thee_Antitheist @TeamTrump @mike_pence how could you pick pence? 
Pence did a great job.He should have brought up how the Dems have divided US socially!
continue 2 PRAY 4 U 4 d upcoming debate, need 2NAILher LIES,emails,corruption, her foundation her poor judgment
Pence did superbly well Kaine'sINTERRUPTION & DISTRACTIONS failed,THANK U Lord &BLESSED mother4Pence
That is a huge whopper of a lie; how many people lost jobs thanks to your tax evasion bankruptcies?
Amen To That Sir! You & Pence Have Evidence of Creating 10's of 1,000's of Jobs. Dems Outsource Jobs
@manthonycooper @realDonaldTrump @FaithFlaherty3 @TeamTrump @mike_pence Joker Kaine...
SAfrica isn't a cautionary tale but a model2follow
https://www.youtube.com/embed/rjhx1-qU9jM …
#Delusionaldonald
Hmmmmmmm. How many jobs overseas or ended with $916,000,000 Net Operating Loss??
Bringing? As in currently? So Trump ties will have Made in America labels now?
.@realDonaldTrump @TeamTrump @mike_pence Sure you are—as long as we migrate to China, Mexico or to wherever else you ship the jobs
Mike Pence was outstanding tonight....great choice for VP.
the jobs you shipped overseas?
In Indiana Pence gave millions of dollars to companies that moved jobs out of state. OOPS.
@ryansinger3 @TeamTrump @mike_pence higher federal minimum wage is job killer & will close small businesses
you bringing them back too? I mean yours that you have on Mexico and China b
@623Sis @TeamTrump @mike_pence @timkaine will bring more whining back to America
anybody that goes for lying Hillery needs serious  help
@suchaluckygirI @TeamTrump @mike_pence
I thought the same thing!!
pence yes you not
why are your products mostly outsourced? Besides the Hats which Suited Reagan not Yourself!!
No official record to reveal Drumf hired & PAID for people, how much income he had, taxes paid etc!?
- you don't pay your contractors or taxes. #UnAmerican #Sad!
VOTE TRUMP ON NOV 8
i guess I  don't understand I'd not more jobs now than when bush left
you and your daughter are going to stop manufacturing OUTSIDE THE USA??
Proven job creators who don't pay their employees!  Nice guys!
What? YOUR outsourced jobs? Does China know this?
Are those the jobs he's shipped overseas, or the steel he bought from China instead of US?
except: you can't. LOLO
pay your taxes first, then we can talk!
You're going to bring back your own companies to the US Donald?
Sorry, where did you say your ties were made?
you get all your cheap shit made in China. Liar.
you are right. Pence is better than you.
Poor Mike Pence!!! Why he excepted being your running mate...I'm thinking 2020.....M. Pence for pres
YOUR MY CHOICE FOR PRESIDENT
and how? With all of the taxes you pay? Tell us how Mr Trump- even though I would never vote 4 you
Democrats have proven records all over the country of driving jobs out of the states.
yeah right like having your ties made in China along with steel for your buildings
Russians are proud of you in Pence Americans would like you to go live there and live after loss
Nice close Mr. Mike Pence 
Nice closing statement!!
Kaine is just rude! I wonder just how many times he interrupted and talked over Mike Pence.
.@realDonaldTrump You create jobs then DONT PAY YOUR WORKERS. You buy metals from China. Shuuuuut uuuuup
it's like yelling into an orange, greasy wind
that would be nice to bring jobs back to USA since you shipped them all over seas for your own pocket!!!
proven job creators for China!!!
@FoxNews @KarlRove  @CNN @realDonaldTrump We need a hero. So powerful  yet heartfelt. Mr. Trump is a great man who will create jobs for US!
pence you make us proud
"You whipped out the Mexican thing again"
laine scares me
pence is winning
OMG KAINE TRIVIAL BULLSHIT THANK GOD FOR FAMILY'S WHO ACTUALLY HAVE A BRAIN NOT TO FALL FOR THAT B.S
people should ck out the 12 yr old girl who was raped smeared she laughed about it
Bill O Reilly said government doesn't create jobs,small business does.
good choice Donald picking Pence he is classy smart and respectful
name one retail product that bears the Trump name that is made in the USA. I'll wait...
Dream on fool!  You've LOST!  LMFAO
Mr. Trump will you bring back jobs that are being filled overseas? We see labels that do NOT say "made in the USA"...
great pick for VP good job Trump #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
bully
#latinotrumpcoalition
Hillary Clinton collects the majority of the Foundation funds for self-enrichment
working for someone that refuses to pay isn't a job; it's slavery!
Tim kaine's face is turning
 beet-red  - almost matches his tie
Clearly Mike Pence has a broader knowledge of world affairs then Tim Kaine 
could ever imagine ~ !!
HRC job creation includes more goverment in our lives & more gov. spending
Bring up the fact that Hillary as a candidate is bought 
$$ by donors and special interest $$$
yes emphasise their great big record of failure
you can’t be serious - you’ve spent 15 months demonstrating you’re an unhinged grifter
more lies!
The,dumb a## 
rhetoric that comes out of Kaine's mouth is stunning!
@AliceCoven @TeamTrump @mike_pence &on the other hand HRC record as a career politician&Sec of St has been disastrous 4US
Does that include  the ones you shipped to China?
Just listen to how he speaks about America
 it's so honorable this man remains focused & has vision
bring ur job backs 1st
looks like your boy Pence is not defending you
Man does mr. Pence know how to Pounce! 
and he brings up all right Points and remains a gentleman!
good start by bringing YOUR businesses back to America. Pathetic
hahaha
I wouldn't call them jobs if you don't pay them. More like stealing cheating and breaking the law
Start buying Steel & Aluminum from US NOT CHINA!
@michelleaukamp @TeamTrump @mike_pence and you can't argue with it
Put Kaine in his Place Pence 
Expose them!!!
@michelleaukamp @TeamTrump @mike_pence I'm gonna say what my brother whom is iq challenged says TRUTH IS TRUTH
Also proven not to pay those workers.
- yeah, bring back the sweatshops and forced child labor! That will lower the unemployment rate!
NO Credit to Obama for Bin Laden, If Bush didn't put soliders there Obama never would have!
@michelleaukamp @TeamTrump @mike_pence Whatever let's look at this with common sense we need more jobs for Americans too
donald trump..take lessons from your VP! He is showing what a nut case kaine is.!go Pence!!
go mike pence. After hearing the trash of kains mouth, my vote is for the dream team. Trump & pence
@michelleaukamp @TeamTrump @mike_pence For God's sake where is the Common Sense you know Tim Kaine knows she's corrupt
BUT will you pay them???
you only created jobs in mexico and China.
except for audio companies u don't want to pay for their work because you lie
