hey dummy just to let you know if it wasn't for New York and California she would not have won the popular vote FACT
well call you little Christ faces whining losers need to do two years in the military there's no cry spaces there
tell me what have you done but take how old are you living off your parents try working don't disparage The successful
and that I know what it's like to have someone else's blood on my hands you worked your ass off so did I
Glenn was a good man; a true hero, a faithful husband and a selfless public servant. You clearly weren't inspired by him.
This tweet is the very definition of giving hate just for the sake of giving hate. @gordonrox24
Maybe, but also true. If we're being real, Trump was never a national hero, public servant, nor a faithful husband.
no, but he never claimed to be. He gave a great tribute tweet to Glen, and was met with unwarranted hate. That you endorsed.
and as a huge Glenn fan, will endorse again. As you know, I've never supported trump, in primary, nor now.
neither did I. But being a fan of Glenn doesn't mean you can give a man hate like that when he hasn't earned it.
But what about when he has earned it. The jury is very much still out on Trump.
Nothing he has done is relevant to his tweet about Glenn. Take a step back and look yourself.
is horribly disrespectful to John Glenn for using a tweet !! His family & memory deserve to hear directly from you,shame.
haven't heard anything from Obama have you?
I heard your #deplorable fans booed #JohnGlenn. Guess they're like you and don't know how to act. #unAmerican
We wish you'd go to the moon. And stay there.
how original. I weep for the idiotic jagoffs who bought Trump's bs. Poor, silly dummies. Enjoy staying poor AF
your fearless leader is the Whiner-and-chief. Go back to Reddit and create new conspiracy theories.
Have you always  been a loser
well said sir. May he fly high.

THANK YOU Mr President.  Father God bless America.
Thank God for Trump and the blue bird
#MAGA
So continue to hire people who deny science and exploration.
.@realDonaldTrump Agreed. He understood the First Amendment, too. A true hero, and a patriot.
Isn't it weird that Ivanka Trump is moving to D.C. while Melania stays behind in New York? http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/311753/weird-ivanka-trump-moving-to-dc-melania-stays-in-new-york/ …
She is staying with Barron in New York until the school year is over. Then they will be in D.C. with him.
Or that's atleast what I heard from un-biased  media.
finally you said something that's truthful
even some #Freemasons aren't above bipolar I mean bipartisan politix... that ain't quite on the level, izzit?
you won't be.
you are such an amazing, caring PEOTUS, Obama wont send a tweet showing his repect for John Glenn guaranteed, BTW YOU WON!
He was no friend of gun owners.  Super anti-Second Amendment.  And I'm a retired Marine.
you're sick, have some respect
Sweetie.  President Obama released a statement.  Perhaps Donny should rather than tweet.
he can do what he wants #freecountry remember?
True.  But a proper statement takes more than 140 characters of a tweet.
then leave him alone
Why?  You do not seem to get that Presidents release a statement.  Not a tweet.
JF Kennedy inspired him, who will you inspire?
awww. 
RIP Mr. Glenn.
: (
Through the despair of Trump, hope and brightness will emerge. Let's fight for them. @realDonaldTrump
Not from the oppressive pseudo progressives who'd rather see the country in ruins than America succeed
Without fail, your childlike temperament shows EVERY time you're criticized. Chuck Jones is the hero; NOT YOU! #ImWithChuck @realDonaldTrump
Are you going to just tweet everything like a coward, or actually hold a press conference?
He was a hero.
.@CNN .@CNBC .@GMA with a constant attack on PE Trump selling racism hate & division Then blaming him 4 it It's their fault
And a Democrat that would not support your type.

Like you really care YOU are a coward who hides behind his twitter like Oz did behind a curtain RESIGN clearly overyourhead
John Glenn was an American Hero all around. 
#MakeAmericaDreamAgain
This game tou are playing with our country is very dangerous.
I prefer astronauts who DON'T die
Offical President Trump Painting 18x24 signed and numbered printMaya Spielman @themayaworld 
Your actions, words and history of doing unfair, shady and criminal business will not be tolerated by the American people.
Today we lost a great man. Take a lesson.
Regretfully, Trump will never understand? @KevinLevin @conniejimjoe @realDonaldTrump
It's impossible for him due to his huge ego.
Then why so many appointments of generals? @conniejimjoe @KevinLevin @realDonaldTrump
DT realized that he doesn't know as much as the generals. Getting ready for war.
Placing his chess pieces in place, I won't be too surprised if he declares martial law? @conniejimjoe @KevinLevin @realDonaldTrump
Nothing surprises me anymore in the case of DT.
The cry of "buyers remorse" will be loud? @conniejimjoe @KevinLevin @realDonaldTrump
A true Legend! RIP Mr. Glenn
John Glenn was an inspiration to many.  Eagle Scout as a young man, Mercury 7 Astronaut, Senator.  He will be missed.
you are such a joke, an embarrassment, you are unqualified, incompetent and a disaster for this country!
@TIME this is more APPROPRIATE #TRUMP #PERVERTofTheYear  #MAGA
Footage of  @mike_pence  exorcising the homosexuality out of me at Conversion Camp https://twitter.com/RicheyCollazo/status/802789435813150720/photo/1pic.twitter.com/ASfvTxpjft 

See how nice it is to say something nice!
Can you talk this way about those still living? Too much smack talk on your Twitter feed. This is refreshing.

Very presidential, Mr. Trump!  Please continue tweeting like this.  We need inspiration from our leaders, not insults.
What is inspirational about whining about SNL skits and bitching when someone calls them out on lies?
if u look hard enough u can answer ur own question
It's ok.  Don't be embarrassed.  Trump can't answer the hard questions either.
I'm not and now that HRC is all but dead I know it will be ok.
why can't Trump supporters stay on topic?
lol like kind can sure
Please stop posting stupid things.. Respect other people ideologies

he's a made man idiot. Do some research
you too
Can't speak to the magnet part, but as far as  the moron part goes....
Wtf is this crap with libetards today?!
, you uttering his name is a slap in his face, you draft-dodging, anti-science, tin-hat demagogue.
dear trump team please block the evil hate mongers from this thread I've been tild they get paid to spam here. Its treason!
get a life then and contribute something to society
don't you feel special? Wow lady.
I have and I have 
-yes was a Hero! Here's a Quote by John Glenn:
Congratulations for showing you how president on Syria as well!
we are behind you!
Great choices for your cabinet !
Business owners believe in u!
Mr, President, WTF. Why are you loading up your cabinet with rich people. We didnt elect you to pander to the wealthy.
,,You confuse yourself, "successful" People who like the USA are who we need to lead our recovery !!

I do hops Soroes is paying you well 
Your welfare is about to expire.

It is truly hard to believe you could vote for Killery or Socialism. Over 100 of her Helpers are Dead ??
I AM ALWAYS AMUSED FOR PEOPLE THAT INVEST THEIR TIME AND EFFORT TO -WRITE-A HATEFUL COMMENT and surely not even voted haha.
obvious when you have people like you commenting nasty comments
killary supporter go get your baby bottle I love the taste of your salty tears
PAINFUL... HAHAHHA
He was a hero! I must congratulate you on your win. You beat all odds. Never have seen or read anything like what you did!!
God bless his soul
:( Not just a hero for Americans but a hero for all of us around the world... RIP
Just out of curiosity, do you believe america was great when he orbited the earth, or while he was a senator?
Your brain will be missed too.
Not one of these definitions apply to you.......  bummer, innit?
bad
who probably hated you.
When you think of JG I bet you think "Gee, there's a guy who didn't shirk his duty like I did"
It feels Good to have such a Great President...coming to the White House
Too bad your followers chose to boo John Glenn. Guess he wasn't neo-Nazi enough for them.
This is the only normal-sounding tweet in your feed.
So tell us did Satan appear at the South Pole? Buzz Aldrin say the pyramids their are evil! You got to battle perdition man
You obviously didn't learn of his passing at a national security briefing....
Real modern hero
Pete is the man for VA
since the swamp wasn't drained & never will be, maybe you could build this great wall, this MIGHTY wall around the swamp?
you did not write this. You don't know who is John Glenn.
He will be missed sir. Being the first man to orbit Earth in itself is amazing. An amazing man!
It is 20 degrees and snowing in WV. Flood victims are still living in tents. They need help. FEMA trailers?
Tommy, enough with the name calling and pety remarks. How about intelligent debate?
Lets send you on a mission to mars. You are already orange, one hue away from red
Said the IDIOT with a GREEN avatar @Alpalumbo123

so you couldn't  find a way to make money off of him.....
https://trumpgrets.tumblr.com 
i find it funny dem loss but yet they cant suck it up and wait four years better luck then they will need it lmao.
DID HE SAY "ONE SMALL STEP FOR MAN"            MAGA
Glenn talked about UFO's will U get disclosure? 60% of Americans want 2 know the truth. Its important 2 NSA too right?
Please defend your mandate. You won by more electoral votes than 4 out of the last 12 elections. Complete landslide
he was a much better person and statesman than you can ever imagine or will ever be. Resign now.
much more of hero than you Me Trump
I honestly with every fiber of my being feel you have no idea who this man http://was.You  certainly don't understand his greatness
I hate you so much it isn't even funny.
Yes, he was. He will be especially missed by those of us who actually value the field of science, including evolution.
I live in Perth/ Rockingham what a great honour from Glenn to be the first American, thank us for turning on the lights RIP
he was a democrat who would have been horrified at what you're...wait, I think you killed him
but you said earlier that space travel is a hoaks. Can't praise someone for something u don't believe in
I don't believe you are touched
it is inconceivable to even consider him. I understand the political Chess game you
If only there were some way to launch Trump and his family off this planet.
We go to space because we dare to achieve great things and we are willing to raise the bar. I don't see that happening now.
remember this tweet when you're doing budgets for science/space programs.
Honor his heroism by leaving NASA the FUCK ALONE!
nice tribute to John Glen but I doubt it came from you the wording is not of your caliber!

John Glenn didn't like you.
It's always the wrong people who die. Wouldn't miss you.
@charlesadu9 may his soul rest in peace
thank you, I appreciate the thought and gesture. Not everyone knows that he passed.
a hero to all.
John Glenn wS a true patriot and dared to dream big.  I  dreamed of going into space.  Husband says he keeps signing me up.
your ghost writers are showing. You personally could care less. John was a true American hero and you are a pathetic sack.
where's your exclamation mark? I feel cheated.
you are the the modern version of Nero. You will stand there and watch as Washington burn
The minimum wage in America should be 15.00 & hour because it very expensive to live in America NationwideIRS should be
God bless and guide you Pres Trump!People sure feel free to say disgusting thngs anonymously.They shd knw God is listening.
He will be missed, but he's probably pleased to know he won't see  you become president.
Trey Gowdy for Supreme Court
John Glenn was a hero for the world.
LOVE YOU HOPE YOUR FOLLOWERS SUPPORT U AS I MAKE MONEY LIBERAL LAUGHING AT YOUR SUPORTERS
Glen was a hero and inspiration ..I'm rather stunned, to know he's gone in this  life.   I know you have firery  arrows .
 Please pick John Bolton for Sec of State
Great hero, Glen!! <3
Too bad your party hates science and nasa, so we won't be able to support these generations of future explorers.
you're so cute trying to send your "presidential" tweets. Try harder
John Glenn was everything you can NEVER hope to be: A gentleman, smart, loyal and a true patriot. You are a cartoon lech.
in his honor, we should launch you into space.  One way.
#NotMyPresident

How is it so many ppl call other "whiners" while defending this biggest whiney Lil Cunt who ever walked? Seriously think!
And a great Democrat, leader, and honest person - you can't relate to any.
I will never forget him. What a hero!!
Mr. John Glenn, a very brave man and a true hero would have made a wonderful president, you, not so much
like u know something about #science
@anthony5505USNVQ-1
#NASAHOAX  #TrumpHoax Hoax Hoax Hoax 666 #TRUMP #nasa
A pioneer who prided himself in a us Democracy, not a win by the hands of the communists!  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/obama-orders-review-of-russian-hacking-during-presidential-campaign/2016/12/09/31d6b300-be2a-11e6-94ac-3d324840106c_story.html?hpid=hp_hp-top-table-main_russiahack-1215p%3Ahomepage%2Fstory …
Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country. Glen answered Kennedy's request. A hero!
Allah khair tay bray par
the science that put him there will also be missed
hi
donal！iam
amanofchina！i like you！
too bad school kids have no idea who he is. I do hope you plan on bringing education back to our public school systems
What happens to trumpty dumpty when it takes viagra?  It gets taller. Bah-ha-ha!
For the 2 years that you went.  You haven't inspired anyone.  John Glenn will forever be remembered.  You, just mocked.
I Voted for a real man who knows how to get stuff done #imwithher , not this orange Cheeto reject.
Glenn paid his taxes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-xgGuyfuBQ …
John Glenn inspired my generation!! May this true American patriot RIP thank you sir for your service 
.
have respect for OUR commander in chief
You miss NOTHING but ur next steak! Loser!
Yeah, the steak thing
That was hilarious
@realDonaldTrump sure gave them reporters the "Slip & Wut Fer" 
An instant Classic
@realDonaldTrump
R.I.P. THANK you John Glenn
You will not be missed, at all.
please don't talk about someone who is respected. You dishonour then and their family by using it for politics.
Unlike you.
Please see attached..... https://youtu.be/KUE9BCakEWg 
I remember that day and John's sweet wife, Annie
you should be so lucky. You will never be a great man. You are a joke. Your voters are blind to you because they are afraid
rest in peace
He was a great man
John Glenn was a great man. it is sad we are not sending people back to the moon probes are the same as human exploration
I think you need to start a "Running Man" show with Linda McMahon in charge.  Jesse Ventura for president!!
glad he doesn't have to live in your America though. Prob will destroy Nasa.
And  Glenn was your polar opposite: brave, humane, disciplined, honest, intelligent, respectful. A decent man, a TRUE hero.
Should be honored in DC, not just Ohio.
He decided now was the time to die, because he could not imagine living in a country that has you as President.
we may have lost a pioneer....but you need to fk off and allow the right people to be in charge....ur a LOSER BITCH!!!!
He'd be insulted by bait/switch - putting a billionaire who wants to make US workers into Slaves as Sec.of Labor.#Jobs #Con
And odds are a million to one he did not vote for you, you Putin blowup doll.
very nice of you Mr. President my prayers go out to him and you have this family
Honor John Glenn by NOT cutting NASA funding for important climate research
no one is going to feel that way about you.  You are killing the constitution
Hero? I agree. Obviously to get your approval, he was never "captured" and jailed behind enemy lines?
