You ARE an idiot. Grow up.
Unfortunately At Age 70 Trump Is Still Stuck In The Pre-Adolescent Stage Of Development! 
Very scary.
Chuck Jones @steelworkers is my hero. Takes a real man to stand up to bully @realDonaldTrump. Chuck def doesn't have small hands!
Well, this is awkward: your VERY OWN VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE said the literal exact opposite about #ChuckJones @realDonaldTrump
you are what makes today's society completely awful and proves that "you don't matter unless you have money", just stop.
We must all bow to King Trump and First Lady Ivanka...who signed up for this moronic ship of fools, and a different America
@shondi99 Never bow down. "We'll beat the bastards with the butt ends of beer bottles" - Winston Churchill.
stop spending time on Twitter. Get some tips from Melania. You sound like a bully not a president.
I wonder what you'll do to your enemies when get actual police power.
frightening thought soon to be factual @realDonaldTrump
Please stop yapping about people on your twitter feed. Pay attention to your job and stop being a bully. Grow up.
Said the "LOSER" who used Chinese Steel.
#unfollowtrump take away his distraction so he can focus on his job
Did you know that the purpose of the President of the US is not to get back at people who have hurt your widdle feelings?
.@realDonaldTrump Please don't cyber bully others.
.@realDonaldTrump please join me in congratulating our thin skinned little piggy for being selected as Swine Magazine's swine of the year!
Would it hurt if I gave this pigification a try?
nope! Go for it
- Morning, I don't suppose you've heard of something called #climatechange? Re's D #peace - #Methodology #Democracy #GMS
.@realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump says the man who wants to replace the human workplace with machines. They can't file sexual harassment...
please act your age! We need a grown up president not Donny the thin skinned child #NotMyPresident
Where do you buy your steel? And where does your daughter have her clothes made?
he's not intimidated: https://twitter.com/chuckjonesusw19/status/807302555483181056 …
- Chuck Jones is a hero. Trump is a toddler who thinks insulting citizens is smart. Stop embarrassing yourself, Donny.
isn't that bit elitist?  It's the workers and their reps fault?
haha
please investigate shady rehabs where there is no real treatment for addiction it's just 1930s AA watch film the 13th step
your tweets about Chuck Jones feel like cyber bullying to me.  He challenged a fact, you attacked his character.  Not fair.
Your bully tweet made a steel workers' union boss cry. Baahahaahahaaha!!
proves he watches CNN-tweet 23min after story - missed Washi Post 2 days earlier LOL @TeresaTiomkin https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/12/06/he-got-up-there-and-lied-his-a-off …
you are literally evil going after a private citizen. Act like a man for heaven's sake. Shame on you.
#WTYS #WeToldYouSo  Trump will be the most despised president in American history.
Rant & rave all you want, Donny Tiny Hands. Chuck's not afraid of you and neither are we. We will stop you!
#ImWithChuck
I like to call him Humpty Drumpfty myself.
He will have a big fall.
He's a big fat egg who lusts for his own daughter.
With a rancid orange yolk and a sulfurous stink.
Mentally still in high school
Where are those Carrier 215 jobs going?  Wasn't there a promise somewhere?
Sorry You've been in the Florida sun too much your brain cells are getting fried. He is doing a great job he's got the resistance behind him
Chuck Jones called you a liar.  And, you were and are a LIAR.  Comment on Carrier promises?  Lies.
not a thing to do with Chuck Jones! No tax and dirt cheap labor just like your over seas companies. Quit tax breaks. Duh
. Trump the trumpet blowing the world of leadership 
. We need Donald j.trump political assistance in nigeria.
أحسنت يستاهل صديقك واخوك لاتقصر وياه
I want to give you a chance. Be honest. Be true. Do what's right not what people want you do. My future is in your hands.
Hillary's mentor Russian Jew SaulAlinsky was 1st Community organizer of union syndication! Sounds very familiar
Please Grow Up!  Stop casting shade on people you don't like. Trump is a Child!  Sad!
You have no idea what it's really like to work. Born rich, lived rich and disrespect others. White trash with wealth.
Trump is a national embarrassment. Drain the swamp????? Same old faces and ideas.  This gov't is just for the rich!
well thank God you and Mikey Bought back 730 jobs with Indiana tax bribe money!
Chuck Jones is a blue-collar worker.  I thought you fashioned yourself their champion.
where is your clothing label made?
A name for that man and those like him is GREED
born with a silver spoon in your mouth who has never got his hands dirty working rips off his contractors & lost $1 billion
every time you send a tweet disparaging someone who doesn't agree with you, frankly, you lower us#growuptrump#grow-a-pair!
If Chuck Jones had $7,000,000 to pay off Carrier he would have saved all the jobs. You failed to persuade and had to pay
get off of twitter and read a book
I thought u said other countries have been stealing the jobs. Do u ever stay with a position? Sad
Crooked Trump you would not know what work is.  Have another taco bowl.
stop attacking individuals! You are the President-elect and it's time you started behaving in a more statesmanlike manner.
They flee because you outsource your products.
did you create a fake @chuckjones account?
how dare you.
Companies are fleeing our country due to greed, which has nothing to do with unions. Please stop attacking unions.
@EileenTownsend4 let's get rid of this# communistic #Muslim and his #henchmen men before they start a # race# war
You're doing a terrible job of representing your country. #NoMandate
Let's thank God for true Americans like Chuck Jones. They are what makes America great now. Speak the truth
how come your cheap clothing line is made in China??? #TrumpsALiar!
So when can we expect your company to have all products made in the US, as opposed to China? #UnfitToBePresident
You attacked a union leader you Pendejo

is the growth plan to pay companies/800 jobs whe they threaten to leave?then invest in automation? Bad negotiating! #trump
Joseph Amodeo - Trump has a keen Amican interest and a aptitude for technical details which is why his weath is great!
god dammit chuckjones @ChuckDewland
disgusting. You are tearing down a man who has, his whole life, worked harder than you. COWARD
im gonna flee the country after you do a terrible job representing the united states
this comment shows you know nothing about the working middle class. And to think I voted for you.
Sorry baby Donald, we all know who tried and failed to keep those jobs. And here comes Ford knocking on your money door.
United Telecom Workers used to say "A day's pay for a days work. I would then ask them "A day's WORK for a day's pay"
no he's done a fine job he just knows a fucking liar when he sees one. Call Vladimir ask him how he handles unions! Asshole
I'm relatively certain that Chuck Jones wasn't in bed with Putin to steal an election. #WTF #TrumpTraitor #PutinPuppet
Wow, can't believe you screwed Rudy over. Your head is too big. Slow down. You're screwing up. Don't pick friends.
Bring your products, Ivanka's and Melania's back to the USA to be made.  Walk the walk if you want to talk the talk.
watching you on Fox tonite. Crazy people harassing you. I pray for your safety always. Please b safe!
Stop attacking American citizens. Chuck Jones serves the middle class. Act like a President please, not a 3 year old.
, who is President-elect of the United States, has done a terrible job representing the working class Americans.
You stoke infighting among those who voted for and fight for you.  You don't deserve loyalty. You're loyal to no one.
= #hatriot @ChuckJonesUSW19 = real man
 BTW America loves Chuck Jones.
Chuck Jones is far more professional than you will ever be
yes the fools don't understand it's the stupid work rules. Employers don't mind paying for work well do. Standing around no
people are fleeing the country because of you faggot
they flee the country out of greed instead of paying workers what they deserve they put more money in their own pockets
and you've done a great job using Chinese steel in your construction projects. #potmeetkettle
As usual you don't retract your error you just insult the messenger. Very sad.
has conned you...he is filling his cabinet with billionaires and goldman sachs execs,
@camjag3 the !
STOP LYING CHUCK JONES IS TELLING THE TRUTH, YOU LIAR
You need to stop the personal attacks. You're going to be President. You won. Get over yourself.
, you're a pitiful, sorry little excuse of man... PLEASE: DISAPPEAR!
let's see how many times of you been bankrupt is it five or six?
Attacking private citizens on twitter is cowardly. Address people's concerns rather than attacking them.
Dear Mr President!
Make Unions great again so we build a great America!
NY needs Union guys (electrician, construc.)2 build
way to attack a private citizen.
, Anybody who disagrees with you has to live in fear of retribution in the public sphere? Democracy my ass! Despicable you!!
It is deplorable that you are using your platform to attack American citizens. You are now a servant of the people.
I agree. Just because unions drive up wages doesn't mean they are representing the workers well... some will lose their job
you have never worked 1% of what #chuckjones has worked for steel workers ! companies flee for the same #Trump companies!
.@Twitter @realDonaldTrump #CloseTrumpsAccount
#bootrump Chuck Jones has spent many decades working for the union, his criticism of you was valid!
Chuck Jones is a tireless hero of the working man.
Just stop. Please stop being so disrespectful to the people you represent.
How dare you blame #ImWithChuck for Carrier jobs leaving over unfair trade. You did not purchase YOUR steel in USA. #greed
You are a mean evil man Donald Trump.  Stop It - I'm talking to you, Listen before you destroy our great country.
Mr. Trump isn't in office yet, and he has done more than Obama in the 8 yrs he's been in. I don't know the numbers, but I
#chinesesteel
The news media have lost sight of the fact that the trump family machine manufactures their wears in foreign sweat shops.
Trump, ur a bully-I made the mistake of primary-voting for u until I saw ur a cruel, bullying, sexist - not 4 this grandma
you are a bully...through and through
Stop bullying people who disagree with you.
Netflix show: Black Mirror, Season 3 Episode 6, Hated in the Nation
Actually, I think you need to work with him to figure out how to make a deal that helps the most worker. Need better deals.
With #NeverPuzder as your Labor Secretary you've punched all those BlueDog Democrats in the Stomach. Huge Disappointment!
PAY FOR YOUR FAMILIES ADDED SECURITY BILLIONAIRE DONT PUT IT ON THE BACKS OF NEW YORKERS!
you're the president elect. How do you put down a United States citizen like that. You're suppose to take criticism.
.@realDonaldTrump Now he's getting death threats because of you and your tweets. Aren't you special?
GROW UP!
Chuck Jones is right and you are a twit. @realDonaldTrump
@Cernovich @infowars @PrisonPlanet @BreitbartNews @Veteran4Trump @latinos4Trump @Blacks4Trump16 @700club
#HaveYouNoDecencySir
stop being a bully and act like a president
You are unfit to be president.
a 180 character of degrading everything and everyone. Can't wait for your 4 years to start.
so far youve been a trainwreck
But he is a real man you on the other hand have never work with your hands but to grab pussy
trump you are such a bully! Your like the mad king on Game of Thrones! #trumpeffect #dictator #NotMyPsychoticPresident
Donny-boy, you have been called out on a huge lie, & you can't handle it.
are you a 13 year old girl trapped in an old mans body?? Cause you sure act like it.
You're supposedly going to be President of the United States. For God's sake, man, start acting like it. Such a fool. Sad.
please Donald! Don't you have anything more important to do? Like be president? Oh, I just threw up in my mouth a little!
I'm asking God to add legends of angels to protect you and yours. God bless you.
Where I live there is FREE Healthcare,  a REAL minimum wage, NO automatic weapons and our indigenous people are RESPECTED
I voted for Hillary.Want my support?B a man & step up 2 the job of prez.Stop tweeting & get 2 work. We need a president
On November 30th Carrier said YOU saved over 1,000 jobs! HE'S the liar! How many jobs has HE saved??
Presidents don't talk with their thumbs. They talk with results.
That would be hard, considering he's not in office yet. Lets give the guy a chance to preform.
He's got as many chances as he wants- sorry if I'd rather see problems nipped in the bud than perpetuated.
Well, at least he saved some jobs instead of doing nothing.  So what if he lied a little, not the point...
what a crock. You and Thr R’s are fleecing this country!
they flee the country  because of u trump.when are u going to bring u n ur daughters companies to the USA to hire amricans that u want to help
eatin’ your words now eh, sir.
lies and more lies, please step down while you can
the dim witted trump lets more crap spill out of his head again
You lied again trump. What jobs did you keep?  None. Carrier is laughing all the way to the bank. Tax deal and laying off people. I am amazed any sane, intelligent human believes the crap that spews from your mouth
Unions obsolete. Lawyers advertise endlessly to sue for anything real or imagined for free. OSHA, EPA, EEOC, NAACP ready to pounce. With social media the country can copy Unions. Stay home from work til we get what we want. 2nd political party. America 1st Party.
Don't you dare disparage someone else for speaking the truth about you.
But you were gonna stop all that, you made that promise. Liar, con man, you are a fucken loser.
@realDonaldTrump
Once again laying your lies off on someone else. I can’t wait till they lock you up. Dotard!
Chuck jones looking pretty smart at this point.
Noooo...the reason companies flee our country is because you and your freaky daughter have companies in other countries that you pay small (as in your small hands) wages to & time has proved YOU LIED TO Chuck, the ppl & those @steelworkers
Liar.   And more companies are laying off.   Are the bonuses that you bragged about companies giving their severance pay?
Re-fucking-sign
Wrong, as always! YOU have done a terrible job at everything that has to do with people and believe that you, a total moron, are above the law.  We are coming to get you through the law!

You are absolutely right Mr. President!!!! By the way, I think you are doing a terrific job!!! Thank you!!!
94% union worker had access to employer-provided #healthcare benefits. 67% nonunion workers don’t. #UnionStrong #Prigg4Progress
Their plan for growing American jobs is rolling back the clocks to subsistance wages with no benefits..  making our workers same as Mexico
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
This is what you're tweeting about you giant ass?

It's still surreal reading a tweet like this and realizing that it's coming from the President of the United States. Feels like sci fi.
Actually, more like a the worst nightmare. How @GOP members can live with themselves and how their families can live w them is a mystery.
Donald Trump, who is president of the United States, has done a terrible job representing Americans. No wonder people are divided.
take time off twitter and actually do your job stop attacking everyone you done like over via twitter. Learn respect for your self
