i know you and your trumpanzees don't believe in facts, but here are the polls, LOL Loser
I saw a few polls. All had @HillaryClinton ahead by 15 points. Do you know what a fact is? #LIAR #SociopathDonald #MAGA
rigged polls
You'd rather make a stupid 2 word answer rather than address Donald lying.  Brain not rigged to work. #Deplorables
that's funny. Hillary doesn't lie.   Hahaha
You probably don't recognize that site because it's an impartial site of facts: @PolitiFact. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/lists/people/comparing-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-truth-o-met/ …
Hillary the religious bigot
You have less thinking skills than a young child.
I think the same of you
Why do you think you won?  You are a total sleezebag. I would never want you to be president!
@socalmike_SD How soon you forget.......
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.  Ryan and McConnell should be as close as possible.
still have bad feeling
Hello I’m a HUGE fan trump
In case you missed it:
Some things never change & Paul Ryan's lack of loyalty is one of them!
lol that's the best joke
he literally sells his name to make a living so there goes that not for sale line...
@SpeakerRyan those who don't stand with Trump stand against me and my families beliefs. Rats jump ship!
turn to God! It's for real, watch!
you are doing great. keep the faith.
you lost
what did he lose...the election isn't until Nov. 8th...at least that's what the celebs said in their ad. ;-)
Donald reciting false Russian propaganda (Benghazi Biopsy: by Kurt Eichenwald)  in his latest rally. Bad judgement, U fired
And when you get caught admitting ur a sexual predator
Im still here! AND BTW, MY TRUMP YARDSIGN STOLEN.
You are slime.
http://www.latimes.com/nation/politics/trailguide/la-na-campaign-2016-updates-morning-cnn-poll-clinton-won-1476099429-htmlstory.html …
Double down on issues not people!
o think you need to tone down, eliminate, your rhetoric against groups of people, then you will see change
Mr Trump please focus on Hillary and your policys not let others distract you from Winning the only thing people care about
Heads up check out tape if Black protester getting rolled out of rally by law Clinton says to give him old fashion talk to.
Paul Ryan has created chaos time for him to box things up and leave Washington
Hi @wisgop Paul Ryan wrote bill that financed Obama's Middle East migrants & brokered deal 4 bill that sold internet 
you are divorced from reality.
so you have a conscience, you'll get through it. We are behind you #Trump2016
If God be for you, who can be against you?
The Republican elite do not want Trump to upset their apple cart. They have it made, they are entrenched, Trump is a threat
No worries, losing Ryan is like removing a boil on your ass and no one wants a boil on their ass.
lol. Support the globalist, supporter of TPP, NAFTA, pro partial birth abortion, higher taxes, supports rapists, & married to one
That's not true. She isn't supporting Trump at all.
all those things Hillary supports...
good you corrected the spelling but left the butthurt
Delete your account. (via https://trumpdeleteyouraccount.com )
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Go Paul Ryan. Very classy guy, very classy guy, very classy guy. Lie 3 times and they believe, right?
Don't be discouraged. We The People are carrying you!
This must've been in Lala-land.
.@realDonaldTrump What debate were you watching, Donald?

Also, Politico poll who won debate: 
Clinton 42
Trump 28
The man has lost all touch with reality. Does he actually *believe* these fantasies or is he lying?
Wow...Trump found out from his 4 year old granddaughter how to spell despite...and she also writes his policies
The people have got your back and stand behind you. You saw that last night at the rally. Go get them Tiger!
@SpeakerRyan should be ashamed and you just used Donald Trump to get voted back on! Not nice sir #ryansucks
I agree Julie this was disgraceful and tasteless
hey Chump go back to grabbing old ladies

prove it. Post links to EVERY debate poll.
every poll? See below, dummy...
NOPE, you only won in the generic polls where people can vote over and over again, you lost in the REAL POLLS.
that's a lie!! He is winning the media is rigging the polls! Trump is for Americans Hillary for herself !

I doubt you'll be laughing when Isis shows up at your house paid for by corrupt Hillary Clinton!
Hold on, got to look for another one .....  Got it!        

dumb ass!! Lmao when you become homeless and there's no jobs if she wins and destroys America!
you do know all the real polls showed you losing debate.  U might tell your supporters that so they aren't shocked on E-day
@SpeakerRyan  #PaulRyan!
 Do Not Trust this Guy!! He is behind this #SteveBannon #Crapola
Get all the commies out & now. Berkley has 2 b burned to the ground as if it were the '50's RED SCARE. Sweep, sweep, now!
paul ryan is a closet liberal!!
Don't know about you, but I have higher standards for child behavior, than you do for a President.
Dozens? You want to prove this? Typical Trump supporter, just making up stuff.
I think that we need to start a movement and march on Washington to protest all the criminal activity involving Hilary
do you refuse to watch news?How many lawsuits and millions did your freaking president elect settle yesterday.
you starting to crack yet, little guy?
CNN Clinton 57% Trump (that’s you) 34% (You’re welcome)
awe how cute, you still believe CNN polls. One day you'll be able to eat solid food.
But why did you and The Donald believe their polls when he was up in the primaries?
told you
"every poll". Ha!
Well minus CNN of course. Mr. Trump could not win a poll as the best dog catcher with CNN.  A biased poll!
it's hard to do well when you're a dull maniac
dull?lol. Support the globalist then. I'm Pro America
Trump imports everything, including workers. You've been had.
false accusations, typical

exactly cause  regulations make it so difficult to manufacture in US. He wants 2 change that to bring jobs to USA
Do you need a list of all the companies making products in the US? He's just too cheap to pay, prefers sweatshops
lol. Ok. Hillary is a GLOBALIST! funded by those who hang gays and rape women!!!!!!! She is so crooked
TRUMP, HATE TO BREAK IT TO YOU, BUT YOU ARE THE REASON "WE THE PEOPLE"  YOU HAVE LESS THAN A 30% APPROVAL RATING - NOBODY LIKES YOU!
The left will miss Ryan greatly.
.@realDonaldTrump Donald, when you say crazy stuff like this it's hard to tell whether you actually think you won every poll or not
I love it when a #libtard links to 5 Anti-Trump sources for their evidence - useful idiots for Clinton Machine.
Might want to look at the polls you despise and their past accuracy. You're in for a shock.
nate plastic of 538 predicted obama. not exactly a surprise.
So if he had gotten it wrong, you'd trust him more? Makes sense. Look at his past accuracy.
My point is simple - Nate silver is garbage and has been anti-Trump since the start. Go read his posts
But I guess we'll see in a few weeks.
j - this is Hillary's support today - 50 people max? show up for her rally https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvBF7TZYRls&feature=youtu.be …
PLEASE please step away from the Bait Traps. Get your head back on track. Talk the talk that made us all love you. UCanDoIt
2 of the last 3 debates were won.  How can  Ryan and McCain desert the battle?  Bo Bergdahl looks like a loyal boy scout.
How did you hold the microphone with your tiny hands. Also, WTF were you doing to that chair. On national tv.We all saw you
they will have elections in two years. As POTUS you should support their opponents
I hope Paul Ryan and his crooked partners lose when they run again. It's time we set term limits on house and senate seats
personally, THINK IT IS DISGUSTING.  We must stand together, & we do accept your apology.
He will regret his betrayal someday....
please stick to the issues! We need you!
Agreed and sad, but American people voting far outnumber establishment voters. #fairelection!
The victory will be so much sweeter
forget the arrogant Paul.
"We the people", who want to change the direction of this country, see you as our last hope. We do NOT care about 'them'.
Paul Ryan can't be elected dog-catcher.Trump shall be there in 2016 and 2020. Ryan's ambition of 2020 candidacy are smashed
They r nothing more than disloyal establishment. Care nothing for the people. V Change.
#no character  #no270
Every poll? Have you fully transitioned to an alternate reality?
drop the wikileaks papers on her !! cnn doesn't want to talk much on that. she knows
you r being ambushed get the conversation back to policy and hrc crimes n weakness
Admit then yes now let's talk about xyz
Yes, you won! However, the race to stop Hillary is far from over & it's time to gather your base to petition the G.O.P.!!!
were do you get your "every poll" results?  Beause that's not what I see.
@SheriffClarke You're joking, right?! Look at legit polls! #NeverTrump #GOPFail #GOPLies #GOPHates #UniteBlue #VoteVets
... ... seriously...
Donald Trump spells death to the Republican party. Republicans have to pull support if they want to remain in office.
liar. You did not win the 2nd debate. Drudge polls don't count. Clown.
Paul Ryan is a putz, could not give a damn about the American people.
read the real pills you lost and will lose on November 8th
WTF? Every SCIENTIFIC poll says you LOST. Crazy people on internet polls don't count. You've heard of science haven't you?
Forget lunatic clown Ryan,his bunch of morons.Concentrate on the campaign,good Ads,rallies,debate.Guard against voter fraud
hang in the Mr Trump! You have a lot of voters still behind you
you lost according to every scientific poll, so this statement is just another lie
u r literally LYING
If you want to believe what you say it's your choice.
@Trump4Hope you're doing just fine, we don't need the republicans establishment
World's whiniest human.
yes but when you win.. U can fire all of them!!!!
Amazing. It would literally kill you to take responsibility for your own fuckups, wouldn't it?
can you build a wall between Canada and YOU....we'll pay for it
Paul Ryan is despised by Southerners. He supported removal of the Battle flag of N.VA due to PC. We don't care about him.
no you did not!
the people support you!! You show the Grand Ole Party who's boss!! #
Drudge and Breitbart surveys are NOT polls. Every scientific (a word you dont undersrand) poll says you lost badly!
this is Trumps x wife. She divorced Trump. She also filed Rape charges against him. Hey Deplorable's look.
http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/ …
I truly want/need what you're smoking or snorting or whatever. #GimmeSome  #DelusionsOfGrandeur
Let's hit it HARD w/o their help! Scream her crimes. WE NEED YOU!
all we can do is stay the course
every poll? I teach government and politics and we beg to disagree with your arrogant belief that you won every poll.
You can't attack establishment then expect support. Must win without them. Let them in your camp and they destroy fm within
Neither you or @HillaryClinton deserve any support whatsoever.
You were saying??
  http://www.politico.com/story/2016/10/clinton-trump-poll-post-debate-229619 … #youaredelusional #OHHillYes #imwither
take the hint...your own party won't support you. #HillYes
boo hoo
you will win i hope

keep on keeping on and don't let the nasty Hillary win...yu got this and I can't wait for yu to make America Great Again
If you have to stand alone, it's OK.  Just stand for what's right, and the right people will stand with you.
every poll. oh, and you learned how to spell despite. good for you.
Play the world's smallest violin. It would fit in your tiny hands. 
I think those Polls are wrong..You WILL win Mr. Trump
I think you missed the part where Hillary dropped the mic all over you.
U say Clinton was on drugs during the debate, yet she still won it; & what the hell was up with u stalking her onstage?
Your campaign used to be for things.   Now it is against everything!

It show the establishment and politicians are afraid of you shaking things up,and ruining thier scams they have going
I'm sure you've seen this though. http://www.politico.com/story/2016/10/clinton-trump-debate-poll-229581 …
voting for trump!!
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/785816454042124288 …. Ryan needs drawn & quartered.  He is POS.  During revolution his gated community will collapse
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
@Avraham5772 his loss.
@SheriffClarke Weve seen spineless Republicans with few exceptions focus on cowering before Dems & Libs for 8 years @GOP
Do not get discouraged, we are in for the long-haul!
@EricTrump @KellyannePolls @KatrinaPierson The man is TRULY SUPER SUPER FCKD UP, Mentally Disturbed and Delusional!!!!!!!!!
you are always praising the other side! Doesn't make Republicans loyal to you!
Now you're even lying to yourself
All the polls go against you. Stop lying.
Republican Officials not for Trump are for Clinton! Those are the Elite Republicans worried about their Power and Money!
You have our support that is all that matters we will take care of the ones that don't support you (us)
You won the award for the U.S.'s biggest embarrassment.
You're only running for president so these under-educated inbreds can have some dumbass who cant debate can relate to.
, who can not betray you is your people, white, afros, Latino, Asian women and men, and all religious
losers point fingers
give it up. Yr done. Try flonase 
. They are honest with them even to distance themselves with a man who does not respect women or Hispanics or Muslims
.@realDonaldTrump How much coke did you do #snifflingtrump, to make you think you won that debate?
what poll? Not any!
you won nothing. Only in your own delusioned mind.
ok. Start hitting Hillary, not other republicans!  Enough!!!!
Hey, at least you have an excuse for losing.
You have the people who really care about the way America is going are on your side Mr. Trump! There is a whole lot of us!
You are delusional.  All legitimate polls show Clinton won. Can you actually cite ONE poll that lists you as the winner?
you did not win. You are a loser, pence is a winner
"every poll"?  Funny.
ah, so @SpeakerRyan is who you are setting up to blame in your landslide defeat ;)
These new "swing-state" polls gotta be killing you, @realDonaldTrump 
You are going to be one of the Biggest Losers of All Time.
Nay Sayers will forever try to block the path of doers. This should only embolden your resolve to achieve goal.
You're completely off your rocker Donald!
You did NOT win, you bozo, and every good american knows this
still delusional I see.   Are you on medication?
Better check this out. It doesn't pass the smell test.
#Donaldlusional Despicable.
Yes! You won the debate ONLY in your warped mind. #trumpvsallofus
@usaforyoubruv They will be kissing your ass when you are President
Unfortunately, no matter what, Democrats stick together to win.. You need fix Washington and the bloated government.
fire Paul Ryan!!! I have signed the petition!
it is disgusting to see republicans abandoning you. Are you not republicans? What's wrong?
You are much better off with out him. Continue to lead by example, you are doing fine.
With a lot of the Republicans now stating they're not voting for Trump, we now know who they want elected! How pathetic! @realDonaldTrump
we believe in you. It's hard, your contenders fans are relentless, but I'm voting for you no matter what.
Our constitution says We the people and not we the politicians.  They have forgotten we voted for them!
