WHAT IS THIS!! HAVE A LOT OF QUESTIONS FOR YOU GUYS IN PA GOV. @GovernorTomWolf @SenBobCasey @SenToomey.
I looked this acct up to see what happening in my states gov & find a RT frm elect day telling folks to vote for Trump/GOP. Where's HRC RT?
Do not allow capital hill to pass a law that can be twisted to remove 
a president
Its getting there slowly but surely Portus
- Mr. President, I just signed up to Twitter because of you. I am so green to this. I wonder do you own  shares in Twitter?
من از داخل ايران زنده باد امريكا زنده باد ايران #ازادي #پهلوي تبريك رئس جمهورامريكا 
hahaaaa.  Move to Russia...don't bring it here. They just want to end sanctions
big Dog Trump
never Romney
congrats to you! I am proud to be an American!!!
Fagott
I wish you good luck t
We r rural America in Northern states. If our ground watering contaminated our property is worthless. We r on wells. Help
I need to address the Pipeline going thru N.D. Mr.TRUMP ppl r protesting bc fear of water contamination.Ppl r getting hurt
there was no record turnout at the poles. Most of those who bothered to vote voted Hilary. I find that interesting! #shamUS
turns out you didn't need my vote! And you didn't get it. Fraud!
我找不到
The Best
not for you
just one vote from me and serve to our nation and entire world nation
My son is on Obamacare and it saved him.  My son could die without it.  Think carefully before you act.
bowel movement!
Another lie.No records broken. Stop lying. Very scary.
hey human to human I don't hate but you don't need votes or the presidency you need a psychiatrist & maybe an exorcist two
conman trump already conning America...appoints establishment Republicans...4 years of Bush coming again
ur such a CLOWNNNNNN
HARAMBE 2020!
GOOD  LUCK  89042983730 Gennady    The best TRUMP
GOOD  LUCK  89042983730 Gennady
@mike_pence  team Trump
good luck
/We are depending on you to fix Washington DC.. 
Voted TRUMP- God Bless America and our New President TRUMP 
Congratulations, Well done!
voted for the first time,and it was for you.
I was proud to vote for you. I am looking forward to making America great again!!  Thank you for running for president!
My husband is a registered Democrat and former Clinton supporter and he voted for you here in AZ. This time we both agreed!
Liar!
PLEASE HELP AND SUPPORT TO KEEP TRUMP AS OUR PRESIDENT PLEASE SIGN AND SHARE!! https://www.change.org/p/electoral-college-electors-keep-donald-trump-as-president-on-december-19?recruiter=630441155&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink …
now that you won, are you still going to pursue putting Hillary in jail for all her illegal actions?
you gave me hope to come back home
Always good to use special effects camera work on those TINY HANDS!!
we did it drain the swamp deplorable EUSTIS Fla
I HIGHLY DISAGREE
Please add reinstitution of Glass Steagle Act into your contract--so important and it was in the party platform
look, I got nothing in my hands, just like the plan to save this country! Smoke and mirror folks.
I pray for you to win , would you help me ?
stay healthy need this to work
great freakin job
Satan Allah fucked up
I voted early for President elect Mr Trump
hey how are you was wondering if you want to hear my song I wrote, "Lets Make America Great Again" (:
I hope you don't mess up our great country.
boooooooooo
so happy you are our new president we are still celebrating
@realDonaldTrump
Congratulate you on the occasion of victory in the elections, I hope that you do not give the Kurds in Syria.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGfHkdR3tXs …
voted 4 U :)
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/-/172404900061?e …
CONGRATULATIONS!!!
Be careful with Obama, he is mischievous, and untrustworthy. He who eats with the devil eats with a longer spoon
Q comiense la tercera guerra mundial
q c
Pokemon go the the polls xD
Do not count on my vote
I think your fans showed the love of TRUMP last night in front of TRUMP Tower.  THEY REALLY LOVE YOU?  Get over yourself.
Gonna miss seeing you behind this table sir. :) Next table is gonna be way bigger
Congratulations on your Presidential win.  We will keep you an Mr Pence in our prayers!
I've never said this before. I've always supported the winner regardless but you will NEVER be my president Youre pathetic
you watching the movement trump the ones who will not accept you as president I wonder how long you will last  #impeachment
I am proud of you Donald Trump.
Gratulujem Vám k volebnému víťazstvu pán prezident TRUMP.
congratulations
I did go trump
GREAAT!!!!!!!!!!
hello Mr. PRESIDENT I ALLREADY WENT YESTERDAY AND VOTE FOR YOU IT'S GOD CHOOSEN  YOU I A M SO HAPPY FOR YOU.
victory
WE WILL TAKE TO THE STREETS AND GET THE COUNTRY BACK. TRUMP WILL NEVER BECOME PRESIDENT
nevermind the protesters. Media warped!!! So glad i voted for u. Im proud to b an American.  God bless u and your family.
congrats
you are a scary individual. The past year you have demonstrate incompetence, lack of respect for others. Our nation weeps.
why take our votes when you already took our will to live
it worked!!
& Remember all the Trump Videos & Trump Songs, for both inauguration & Presidential Library.
Make sure to start the Deportations asap. Ty
never
horrible despicable and very dangerous man. What have you done America?
nobody care bout yo orange ahh
He is NOT my President.
I'm just proud your our President !!!
I try to send messages and it's not letting me send ???
A Miracle ..U are! God Bless U Donald !  Yr Vision OF the "Big Picture" is what Democrats did not understand: REAL CHANGE
we voted
I knew you'd win that's so cool congrats from the eddings
Don't assume that my friends are saying bad things about you :P
I can prove all my words were repeated by you but only I in an empty congress will change the world you can't steel our $$
yea America will be GREAT again
Congratulations President Elect Trump Great Win!!!
Oh please! Many wanna help me build a wall of protection around u, ur plagiarizing wife and ur dimwitted kids.
you are the best keep calm never give up never quite
congratulation Mr. President Trump. You are a true answer to Americans. Cannot wait to see our world change.
Fuck you very very much
From Abraham Lincoln, George Washington,  Teddy Roosevelt, Thomas Jefferson to Donald Trump
good job Mr President.
I voted you in Execute your plans
you are idiot,you are a monster
I am 14 and can't vote, but my mom did! What are the top 5 things you will do as president?
Congratulations Mr. Trump !
In a couple months you can give your jet a break and fly Air Force One ! Well done !
I did!! Proudly!! My 2 children as well!! Today feels like AMERICA AGAIN! THANK YOU!
congrats POTUS 45, you have done the unthinkable and made history 
This country is doomed. How sad for us all.
you are an A$$#@[e
@felicitaciones señor presidente desde argentina
Congratulations from a former New Yorker in South Carolina. #WEWILLMAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
Congrats Donald You are the Right Man to Lead and Set Goals for our Renewal, Court Appointments Reorganize Gvt, and JOBS
it's pretty bad when you go to your voting location because that is what is on your drivers license and they won't let.
Make ameRica great again Trump président of the great USA Make ameRica great again Trump président of the great USA
#DontVoteTrump
so glad you made it!!!
YOU ROCK!!
Sooooo overjoyed, Mr. President. WE LOVE YOU AND MALANIE
@realDonaldTrump
congratulations
in spe
, Gratulation Mister President 
Congratulations! !! I am loving this.  I trust you.
I have been working on Facebook and Twitter putting out your message.I have been bullied +don't care. Deplorable in Florida
tks for this Happy Day. #RebootTheWorld

S2 Trump
fraud. Hate. America Lost
The Trump Train are Volunteers like the 'rag tag' Colonists Fighting the Powerful for Our Freedoms! Lady Liberty Survived!
#ElectionDay Is Islam All about Killings and Beheadings? What Is Islam All about
https://d1.islamhouse.com/data/en/ih_videos/mp4/single/775486.mp4 …
Take it easy
#voteclintonsaveamerica
ترامب استخدم وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي لدعوة مريدية للانتخاب ، بعدما تأكد بأن الاعلام فاسد .. يارب نفهم احنا
congratulations Mr Trump l have supported u from  beginning ITS TIME NOW TO BE HUMBLE & BRING US ALL TOGETHER /GOD BLESS!
no one mocks Disability people not even you
canalha ganhou
Yea Baby ! I Told You America You Can't Play A Real Player #NeverForget It #ElectionDay  Congratulation's #MrPresident
still waiting on the HOW! HRC had the how. And the resume
schon wenn ich diese fresse sehe 
It is a beautiful movement
President Trump, please study the lives of Samson, King Saul, Nebuchadnezzar, King David, a man after God's own heart!!!
What Will WE the PEOPLE do in the first 100 Days
Unless, of course you're not wearing red. In which case, you will be turned away.
U got ur votes goMr Trump
Preaching to the # CHOIR
Yahoo,... "Whaoooo it's TRUMP DAY!!!"
