@ItsKolapo shut up Trump!
congratulate s  very proud of  the family Donald  J trump  work so hard thankyiou
dude no criminal investigation is happening other than with wiener and underage sexing well you want a piece of that
As of May 28, 2017 @POTUS is failing in all Polls even the @realDonaldTrump loving @FoxNews Polls. Everyone hates #Trump.
congratulation président good luck,god bless and help you
... #DumpTrump
Just come all the way out lil Johnny. Don't be ashamed like Michael (Michelle Obama) & lie about it.
read this! #trump rape case
Lil Johnny, when o'when are ya gonna learn & do some REAL research? Tsk tsk. Better luck next time kid ;)
The only ipolls you are leading in are disapproval ratings!
Sir you have a 60% disapproval rate among polls. What are you talking about??
Yeah your orange ass is going to get impeached
You're not leading in the polls anymore.
Congratulations Mr.President!
#USA
got just one thing to say.   Whoooraaaa
i thought polls don't matter. #soreloser #badhombres #whinylittlebitch
They didn't
If You're leading in the polls what is your excuse for not paying you pollster what he is owed?
But didn't you say that the polls are corrupt? Oh, right... They're only corrupt when you're losing. You're a child.
What a joke.Criminals Ob ama -Hi lary, the ones in power cannot rig,but someone having no power, is blamed,Brainwashed puppets
I have no idea what you're blathering about. You don't either. Provide evidence of criminality, or kindly keep quiet. There is none.
Apparently your uneducated,not knowing the difference between preponderance of probabilities n proof beyond reasonable doubt.
it's "you're," and I have an Ivy League education. What you wrote in an attempt to sound smart doesn't pass logical muster. Die.
You have made it real.Where are your accusers and those against you where are they?
Mr. President Elect you made us all cry tears of joy today
#TheDeplorables
Congratulations from Hungary !!!!!!!
Donald Trump the next President of the United States of America. Woo hoo
god bless you I voted for you today I hope you win and to let you know Staten Island loves you Mr.Trump
your delusional 
Loosing Bigly
fix is in. Stuart fl poll denied friend right to vote. Registered. Since didn't vote last election he's not eligible
friend turned away from poll in Stuart fl. Was told since didn't vote last election he is not eligible. He was registered
we're getting down to the wire the country has seen enough of your BS show tonight is the night we send your ass packing!
#winfortrump ,Blesses from India
I need the feed to those polls you are loosing in everyone one I have seen?
But that was Friday.
good luck tomorrow I have great feeling your going to win. My son voting first time..for u and me too
@trumpfor270 if Trump doesn't win we need a thorough investigation of registration fraud
Goodbye forever. Twittin Twump wont be missed
received hi hitter salute, profanity and middle finger from tolerant left Hillary supporter today reason: Trump sign
if we do not win I will be convinced that the system is rigged
thought polls were rigged?
you need to stop lying to the american people you are not winning
"rigged" is code for "I didnt get my way"

Grow up
It’s a shame you don’t know how to talk on your own. Poor baby needs a teleprompter.
keep smoking whatever it is u have been smoking
Yep,  good luck with those polls Donald.
words you'll soon be saying: rigged, concede, Madam President #madampresident #MadamPresidentHillaryRodhamClinton
just do right by your voters...that's all I ask...
liar!
@ABC and many other networks are biased against you. And it's sickening.
You know they're desperate when they need to use celebrities to get her message out.
you are all deplorable
FBI review concluded.  No change in outcome.  No "indictment".  No criminal charges.  Time to make up more lies I guess
Now that Comey cleared the email issue up what will you do Mr Trump?..

. No criminal investigation now! Comey just said nothing's changed since July!! Hillary will win
looks like no indictments for Clinton...sorry DT!
aren't you the same crybaby that claims the polls are rigged? Make up your whiny mind
we are counting on your to fuck America up and so is Putin
If it's even close Hillary will steal the election. How many bundles of ballots does she need to airdrop for crooks to get?
lol this guy is a joke
You are an embarrassment to the US.

Will Mayor Giuliani push NYPD to charge Hillary with crimes related to Weiner's laptop tomorrow?
NYPD held back from charging Hillary.
Liar.
, d system is no more rigged?
"Fundamentally transformed" to a Banana Republic. #riggedelection
but, but the polls are rigged donnie.
suck it Trump
Didn't you say the polls are rigged? And, no you were not leading in many polls. Unless you made your own polls.
Leoma Love grove Gallery Matlache FL
you wish
can't wait to see you on your new TV network next year
nc girl loved your wife, so humble and wonderful. Ask for no more name calling, be a man of thankfulness. Show some love.
please make every effort to get Ms. Brunell Donald-Kyei on the campaign, on TV and in front of the public before election
you're gonna loose. Badly.
Please Mr Trump, give us the Snake story a day before the election, or more if you'd like. Some folks need a reminder.
You're a joke!
where's the discussion about our troops dying over in Afghanistan and Iraq? Have they been forgotten?!?!
Dream on
EVERY AD ON YOUTUBE IS PRO HILLARY. SO SICK OF SEEING HER!!!!! #TrumpPence16 #TrumpForPresident #TrumpTrain
AZ has your back, we just need NC,PA&FL http://now.You 've got this, even without Jay-Z(he's got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one)
no Donald, your not ahead.
Southern California  propaganda
Donald, dont say .
If I will be your president.
SAY. AS YOUR PRESIDENT ****
i wonder how many of these non believer will reply when we win
Make sure u say something tomorrow about nypd police being shoot
You got 8 votes from family in Nv
Good Luck
I thought the polls were rigged. #liar
I thought the polls were rigged. #lier
kent ge da liedje te min voor anja van spring luister daar is naar & calm ur tits
"If you lie to people enough times,  they'll start believing it" words  of Donald Trump! Per Ex wife!
polls about how loathsome a human you are dont count hairdo
sorry you tried your best but you are not going to win
child rape charges coming soon.
you are not leading anything and you know it.
no your not can't wait for you to wear a big L on you next Weds
Hillary looks like mao tse tung in that white debate outfit
new slogan "Its the corruption, Stupid!"
I thought u don't believe in polls  @TheGreatOne2012
emails v rape... epidemic of criminal investigations! You both suck.
Directv doesn't want customers to watch Fox .thats ok  cuz I'm still voting for Trump regardless!
Fox News is off the air on Directv. What a scam! About to cancel my subscription. Well I'm watching Fox News on YouTube!
You are leading Alt-right polls and still lying about FBI investigations. BTW, when does your rape trial begin? #BSArtist
More Trump lies, your specialty.
The world is doomed if either of these monkeys gets elected 
.Mr Trump u can cover the lass if u think more before u speak.
what polls are you seeing? Because you're very false.
Mr. Trump, North Carolina,mention bringing textile industry back.Thousands of women lost jobs closing the textile industry.
when you're down u say the polls are rigged but you're up they aren't. You have no philosophy. All u know best is groping
There is only  1 person that will build the right team to lead America towards positive change. Donald Trump for President!
Obummer is out pushing early voting for HRC in case more evidence comes out against her ! They are running scared !!
Obummer is out campaigning on My tax dollar for a crook!!!
Trump for President...and LOCK HER UP.!!!!!
rapist rapist rapist rapist rapist rapist rapist
You are a disturbed individual! You need some YESHUA ! Quick, fast and in a hurry!
that announcement...against you for fraud or raping a chuld?
Please read the speech Cal Thomas wrote for you. If you give it, you WILL WIN !!!
so is it rigged?? Or not....
polls looking good you know how Hillary goes around hugging people at her rallies she would hug a snake if it  could vote
Hillary thinks she is entitled to my (Hispanic) vote.  I'm an American of Mexican heritage and I'm voting for Trump & Pence
Hillary Clinton is a "Sell Out". She sold out our country and the people for MONEY!
i'm here to tell you, when all is said and done, you STILL are woefully unfit and unqulified to be president....believe me
knew you would cheat in the end...maddow reported how UR biggest donator funded clnton fiction to the fbi and they used it
great when you're winning, rigged when you're not. Depends on which of your multiple faces you're talking out of.
nope....thr comry ennuendo memo had hurt hillary, but she eill still beay you, you are still NOT fit to be presirn!!!
thank God for the stripper poles
You go ! Keep it up. We're all behind you ! Phil
@TrumpPenceUSA I'm in liberal blue state Massachusetts . Many trump signs in my neighborhood !
Im confused - are the polls rigged or not?!
Trump's Hotel are in a slump hope the Spirit of Nancy Hanks Lincoln  is rolling over in her grave
Thank U 4 working  hard for us! UR family has been embarrassed & still U pursue! God Bless U & family for staying strong
You mean the child rape case?
you better win,because if hrc wins she will close the door and weld it shut.
so the elections not rigged ...
till you lose ....
I just got my notice of premiums for my health insurance. They are going from $1200 to $1900. I have voted for you.
please dont let her win, she is a criminal. She needs to be brought to justice!!
I just voted, your are lucky # 17, HC is # 13 - this is not a good #!
if this is true then trump can win the election? Why is CNN not talking about this?
just 6 more days to go my vote is for you
I thought you said all the polls were rigged. It's one or the other, buddy. Can't have it both ways.
Praying for you President Trump
In our house in Sarasota, Florida, we are solid Republican! America is in dire need of good leadership! Donald Trump is it!
#FuckFaceVonClownstick
polls taken from ignorant 14 year old boys who think girls have cooties
No you are not
ha! Good one!
CMON NOW WILL YOU EVER SPEAK THE TRUTH!!  YOUR LOOOOSING JERK !! LIES LIES LIES
sorry, just watched mrs trump in Philadelphia Pa. she was absolutely great. Donald, you should be proud.
My wife is ex Navy. She knows what would happen if she had done even a fraction of what Hillary has done. PRISON!
My wife and I just voted early for YOU Mr. Trump. This is the 1ST TIME WE HAVE VOTED IN OUR ENTIRE LIVES. We are both 37!
Here's hoping you win!!!! Already voted in Arizona
Melania can read, that's all she is doing in Pennsylvania, she just likes the bimbos money.Donny is a bimmmmbooooo
But polls are rigged, right?
are u talking about the rigged pols?
can you talk about anything that you are going to do to help out the American people instead of going after Clinton
you sounds like a little bitch, too much drama be a man and get real.  right @HillaryClinton?
are the polls correct when they favor you?
Mellania has lied under oath to the govt.  google it
you're in denial! You're not winning and you will not win! I guess you grab too many pu**ies!
please stay focused on your plan for USA & ignore the opponent's bait!
Hey D
The Honorary Sheriff Of Hollywood officially invites you to Hollywood at YOUR STAR for election night. Holla@chaboi!
So the polls aren't rigged anymore??
But I thought you said the polls were rigged? Which is it?
let's roll and claim our country back@
polls are rigged.
best of luck
it's never gonna happen, donnie.
India support Trump
according to our hindu culture we have celebrated  tihar festival and put on seven colour tika.
Minnesota is looking red for you Mr. Trump! Yeah! Make Great Again!!!
I don't think Mr Trump is going to win
Trump, there's a disturbing story out. I hope it's not true: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-25-E8Y7B8k …
keep fighting Mr Trump. FBI just announced 5 or more countries hacked hrc emails and she did pay to play

