Loving my Soldiers every one.
All Military Service"Thank You From The Bottom Of Our Hearts For Your Unwavering Service To This Grt Country
There are many black soldiers of US.
God Bless you all.
To really honor our vets, allow them to come home, especially the ones who have done several tours of duty.
你他就一个大傻逼，我祝你亲妈爆炸
thanks for listening to @womensmarch you must have heard our message to stop tweeting and start leading. Thank You!!!
this is so true because some people will never get to see these vets again so we need to show our affection for them.
nice
Also I am in 100 per cent in favor of supporting our military they are true heroes
n


Every other president elect went out and placed a wreath out of respect. Not you though
WHERE IS THE 6M YOU ALLEGEDLY RAISED DRAFT DODGER PRES?
@patriototus says the chickenshit draft dodger that mocked POW's...
how are we supposed to help our veterans when only 2 GOP members in the Senate vote for their benefits? Why do they stall?
That sounds like something #KiddieTrooperRapists do.
That sounds like something #KiddieTrooperRapists do
#MilitarySexualTrauma Prevalent & Under Treated
http://www.apa.org/news/press/releases/2015/11/military-sexual-trauma.aspx …
I believe you will be a good leader

taking AMERICA back
Really? Hes so up israhell's ass
ANY statesperson needs to have relationships with all friend OR foe
guys he is a bad actor with multiple bankruptcies. He will do what his #Owners tell him to maintain his facade.
HE OWES NOBODY A THING NOT GOLDMAN SACHS NOT THE SAUDIS NOBODY UNDERSTAND THAT!
yeah uh huh You try filing bankrupt that many times for those amounts You will be told when payment is in fact due
Nusra On The Run Trump Induces First Major Policy              Change On Syria http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article45832.htm …
except if they got captured.
Thank you Mr President
trump sir same goes t all countries of the wrld, thy lvvv their countries army&soveiegnity, &religion, you respect thm too
@reallady4trump thank my brother james Walker six years navy.to have cops murdered him.when he returned home.august 17/2002
GVP BLESS U
That is something else 3 generals already in your cabinet: Mad Dog, Kelly, and Flynn—cool!
Halleluyah!Win! Win! and Win!of Course hear the Trump!Trump!Trump in of God's Royal Army,Trumping and Triumphing in Victory
included that Pakistani origin guy ??
thanks for making America great!
you were a draft dodger, you could care less about veterans
jerry parks day could be celebrated one week after nov 11 to remember Clinton killings....decorated purple heart jerry
proud 2 b 3rd generation. I have 2 wounded warrior sons & they r proud 2! Hope Sarah fixes the VA  need her help God bless
Is thier away we could repair the old battleship Texas. She served during the D day landing . she is important to our past
Honouring them by skipping out on your duty - will your kids join up, Trump? http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/02/us/politics/donald-trump-draft-record.html …
deportame
Unless they're POWs because as you said, they're cowards. Huh.......
From a cowardly draft dodger

Thank you sir, you are very welcome
Such hypocrisy from a "Fortunate Son" draft dodger
Now take care of them when they return. There are way to many homeless vets on our streets.

I'm outraged at our crooked congress! Vet received 80K severance IRS took 20K but making him repay the 80K! 40K profit? WTF
Severance pay shouldn't be considered a loan especially from a disability check!
Congress has no heart/conscience! Fix It!
Remove the law making vets repay the severance given by DOD (when the military downsizes). Severance pay is just that!
If you care about veterans, don't privatize the VA. Fund it respectfully & efficiently. Without Pete Hegseth's influence!
#Trump would like to apologize profoundly to family of slain US Army Captain Humayun #Khan whom Trump deeply offended
Except the POWs, right? Just checking! #VietDraftDodger
Trump is ugly inside and out, and he has shown great disrespect for veterans
By putting our enemy Mitt Romney in power? Shame Trump. Veterans will remember. You ARE establishment.
You should be ashamed, except you have no shame. Thank a vet? Like you thanked the parents of a dead soldier? #Disgraceful
THANK YOU DONALD.  I SPENT 21 YRS IN ARMY
veterans are not being address just all talk.
Most federal workers are retired vets and hard workers.
I want you to withdraw all American troups out of the Middle East as quickly as possible! ME/Felice.
but not the ones who got captured though, right?
Seriously? You shit all over veterans to the point that my pops and I, (veterans) seriously consider your intentions.
But of course only the 'one's who didn't get captured'. #HYPOCRITE!!
lie you well take the food out of there mouth to save a dime .
TY! My husband is Special Forces, and a vet. We'd like to see the Military's RCP changed back to 29 years!
God Bless our military! We are free due to the men and women's sacrifices!
pl don't forgget 2 increase their  pensions  ))
and you said you sacrificed for your country. Ha !
you shouldve built buildings for homeless back in the day, instead of indulging in worldly things & crooked practices. Sad!
if you want to thank a vet give us jobs.
@RedStateRhonda oh how you would have them removed from in front of your building  or how you stole donations from them?
but only, if not get cought and tortured
AMEN!
Thanks from us vets
Please Honour Chelsea Manning with a Pardon, she saved lives, she has so much to offer the USA Government
@TrumpPresiden16 bummer trump didn't serve...6 deferrals hmmmm
no Romney!!!
Yo estoya favor de mexico si fuera americano me iria para canada o mas lejos.
Mataban gente inocente la mayoria gente inocente a cuento de que le hacen honores.  Trooll
As a Navy Vet. I thank you for your support of those, Who have served. The V/A needs some "house cleaning", at every level
Sir, you owe Senator John McCain a public apology and you know it Be a stronger man and a gracious man Critics will applaud
you used the veterans, then lied to us all.
My Dad is roughly 92 yrs old and a veteran from  WWII and he fought as a Marine at age 17 at Iwo Jima.
coming from a person who declines 5 times to enlist. Coward
Not a prisoner of war though.
Veteran's Day 2017, will be very special!
Trump Supporters HATE THE IDEA of Mitt Romney as Secretary of State #NeverRomney
Please support Concurrent Receipt for Chapter 61 Medically Retired Disabled Veterans.
make AMERICA great again !!! Working people salute you
What by creating a New Reich?
If you are so appreciative, please tell me why you chose not to attend any ceremony.
you should have been ashamed to take that Purple Heart from that Veteran. I am embarrassed for you!!
jajaja. You are only interested in you. Study.
thanks Mr. Trump for all your hard work, and your just getting started!
THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO SAY BE KIND TO ANIMALS SIR. THEY SUFFER HANEOUS CRIMES IN RESEARCH LABS AND GAS CHAMBERS& WILD HORSES
DIDNT YOU TAKE POWER AS PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES LIKE YESTERDAY AND JANUARY IS FULL POWER. BE KIND TO NON ANIMALS SIR
OBAMA HAS LOST HIS ABILITY TO PAEDON AND SO MANY OTHER POWERS 2 DAYS AGO WHHOOOP WHOOOP
BECAUSE THOSE LIKE YOU AND YOUR FEET WOULDNT!!! Jerk!
yet you failed to attend ANY veterans day ceremonies.
something you avoided doing how many times by dodging the draft? 4? 5?
Especially those who weren't captured or died in combat.
yes
Do you support retirement pay for Chapter 61 Military Disabled Retirees with less than 20 years of service
Please support Concurrent Receipt for Chapter 61 Disabled Vets. It will help disabled Vets get what they deserve. @rfw78
bring them home now. Activate the National Guard. Our continent has everything to dump dependancy.
you are our hero now, ...!
Thank a vet
 unless they got caught right?
Or is that not right..
What do you think now?
Can you even think.
You're welcome!  And I would do it again.  Would you?
like he gives a fuck
plz read my tweets
Of course you weren't one of them..
Draft dodgers like you should be ESPECIALLY grateful.
That tribe you love so much likes White countries fighting each other. 
#JewsHateWhites
I'm a retired vet - only gratitude you can give me is to step down - now before you destroy the country I fought for!!!
Unless they get caught..he doesn't like them if they get captured
agree but have to ask why YOU didnt serve OR ANY of your children serve in arm forces for OUR GREAT COUNTRY!?ANSWER PLSE!!!
I served 8yrs in the Army; my folks served 20. Most of my family served. So #thankful you weren't our Commander-in-Chief.
thank you, GO NAVY!!
we need help
Thank you, kind Sir.  People are kinder today than when I was released from Active Duty.  I am a Vietnam Era Disabled Vet.
Respect!
I will build a wall for you so large so strong so powerful it will be a great statement to all the nations in world.
One tweet does not take the place of personally attending a service for veterans!
Did you actually attend any events in honor of our Vets?
Why do you front? You only care about yourself!!!
does that include the captured ones? The POWs heroes? Or do you still only like the ones who weren't captured?
Trump- except for those vets whose families don't care for my politics, I'm going to mock the sacrifice of those families
...please return VA healthcare to ALL veterans who served. I'm age 60 Vietnam Era vet 74-77. It was a promise made.
Draft dodger. Planning on the children or grandchildren joining the military? Yep, that's what I thought. Hypocrite
God Bless Them
That's it, a 140- characters tweet. Next year, a speech,the press, confetti, the works. Among them, my dad, deserve better.
Trump doesn't know what that's like; he got out of serving.  But he has someone else's purple heart so thats the same!!
http://www.lgbtqnation.com/2016/10/remembering-gay-man-saved-17-million-lives/ … #Honnoroursoldiers
North and South korea should be nuclearly prepared along with Japan to secure north east asia security
after comments about @SenJohnMcCain as well as about current military performance, don't speak about veterans.
You didn't serve. What was it, a blister?  Oh yeah, I remember:  you accidentally cut your small toe on a silver spoon.
Perhaps you can send signed photos to all vets. That should brighten up their tents and wooden crates quite a bit.
My father, son, husband served. Did you or your father or your son?
And those who didn't run and hide =)
Taxpayers support the troops. You don't support the troops.
You might be honored if you weren't a DRAFT DODGER
bull. What you said about John McCain shows how you really feel.  Your rich daddy kept you out of nam
. . . except John McCain. He was captured. I like veterans who weren't captured, I hate to tell ya.
You mean after you trash talked one during your campaign!?
Even vets of color & immigrants not from europe, like your wife who worked without a work visa? When will she be deported?
Except for those who were imprisoned by the enemy right?
God Bless you and Thank You

My dad passed on Tues. He was a Navy medic & a Police Officer for 32 yrs. Pls. Pray for my family. No help from the V.A.
THANK YOU
...Prez Elect Trump, your Legacy can be historic. Be the first president to reduce the prevalence of PTSD #ReducePTSD
how about you thanks us by protecting the rights and people we swore to defend, instead of typing a no effort tweet
Arizonas Hispanic Flyboys book page 45 my father very honorable Mexican.Luis Coppola
are you going to apologize to John McCain then or is he still a coward because he was a POW?
oh  NOW they are heroes....?  NOW you honor them?
Yet older vets remain a challenge as far as their healthcare.  Often they're looked upon as hasbeens in a tiered system.
Our vets and active have been forgotten,  they need more for fight'n for this great nation. Needs more regonition.
yes!
yey!!!@!
, the ones who truly make America great again. All of them, including those imprisoned.
hypocrite
#youdidntthankkhan we fought for your right to vilify us.
you are a foolish
worst President ever
those men were exploited and killed and cannon fodder for the industrial military complex to do battles for shits like you
then why didn't you go with President Obama to the cemetary
Of course, unless you were a POW,  right? #VietnamVeterans
A tweet?? That's all you do on Veterans Day?
You never fought, remember? Your Viet Nam was not getting  sexually transmitted disease.
