#VPDebate
so true... Americans ARE stupid... Thats the sad part... They truly are ignorant of politics atleast
We the people are 100% behind you. Go after HRC in the debate.  Do not hold back.
when is your VP going to defend you??? Can't blame but never defend
nigga please
YOU are deplorable buddy... U are the supporter that defines the majority... CANADA needs a wall
you need followers so you can invade their mentions BLOCKED!!!!!!
FYI, they are telegraphing Mosul so they can draw in ISIS and then drop 101st behind them to cut off escape. Like DS1....
@Freechoice16 @timkaine  So very wrong!
@maybsomaybnot @timkaine Tim KAINE proved he's wrong for America...and for the entire UNIVERSE, as a matter of FACT!
Says a woman who supports a man who calls women like her "fat pigs".
"Trump calls people mean names" <-- Not an argument
It's also not Presidential, but you deplorables couldn't care less.
and Trump is just wrong for everything...NEVER Drumpf!!
Tim Kaine is all wrong with no presidential bone in his body..NO WAY WE NEED HIM. COUNTRY SAW PENCE IN GOOD WAY.
how come @timkaine looks like the Joker?
Are we really going there?? That dead fox on Drumpfs head is making him a snake

@DefendingtheUSA @timkaine YES. Kaine is a Clown.He attacked and interruptedPence79times.Nomanners.Dont need this guy!
He's a lose cannon. Tells a lot about Hillary picking a VP candidate like him.
I ask: Is it good for anything?
C is for Hillary, and C is also for Communist & Crippled
Pence is making an ass out of himself....but then what would one expect from someone supporting you.

like she said DEPLORABLE!
Americans are scared of clowns, Tim Kaine is the biggest one of em!
much better than trump
DT, U'R wrong for defense. Hell, U can't keep U'R temper tantrums in check. Quit now
Sadly, this man is what most of us call a 
shyster.
You're wrong for putting the whole country on the defensive
Another self-serving liar.
drumpf is crazyy
tim kaine's performance should tell EVERYONE out there what an unethical immoral underhanded force is trying to run 
The man is a clown,and a yapping,rude,whiny one at that.If this is the best HRC can do,her judgement rea.sux.
Amen sisTA!!!

How, of all the people, would you know about defense?
Defense? He's a total LOON that's a heartbeat away from the WH if HIllary ( God Forbid) were elected
Tim Kaine is wrong for everything, except maybe a Howdy Doody lookalike contest.
kinda like you're wrong for America. #thisaintarealityshow
only liar needs defend which is Hillary!
@obama_speech @timkaine
.@realDonaldTrump #VPDebate
http://washpo.sharethefacts.co/share/04bdb0f3-994e-48fa-a7cd-66e95962ef10 … 
You're wrong for absolutely everything, except possibly testing antipsychotics.
Trump is wrong for America.
AND YOUR NOT
YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOUR TALKING ABOUT.WHY CANT YOU BE HONEST FOR UR OWN http://SELF.YOU  SAID U WOULD TURN OVER UR TAX
.   TimKaine would give Russia a
tea party so they could talk about nukes in a kinder,
gentler atmosphere.
#TrumpPence16
@elvisinoregon @timkaine I could not imagine that wacko being a heartbeat away from the presidency, we would all die
#KaineWreck That puts it mildly.
- You are WRONG for 'defense' and America and all True, right-thinking Americans and Patriots.
Kaine PROVED just how RUDE and OUT OF CONTROL he can be he was like a WIND UP TOY RUDE RUDE RUDE
he's wrong for everything

@EricTrump Mr Trump stay on message/issues, quit going on personal attacks, even though you might be right, you loose !

I need to see your taxes
go to bed
Oh and Kaine lied and lied. http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10-02/clinton-campaign-admits-hillary-used-same-tax-avoidance-scheme-trump …
Kaine will get us killed by nukes from Hillary's Uranium deal with Russia.
Mike Pence lied on stage and couldn't even defend against Tim Kaine. Pence himself lost in all respects.
he acts like a fairy. can't believe he is married to a women.
<will show u come debate time what the fk u really are about...
Sequester cuts were caused by Repub inability to negotiate. Recognize. #BiglyLieAsUsual
@PhxKen @timkaine Kaine is wrong for America just like the joker and penguin was wrong for Gotham.
one word describes my feelings after tonight's debate.  #kaineisnotable
wow, one world to explain my feelings after seeing the debate tonight #kaineisnotable
Because he has knowledge of foreign affairs unlike yourself and served on the Armed Services Cmte..
DONALD TRUMP IS WRONG FOR AMERICA
For sure
we want you to say it if I'm elected she will be held accountable she will be go to jail for treason
we love you we want you to lock her up for treason please
you got that right Donald don't really were a hundred and 20% behind you go after her hard...her in jail treason
if you want a police state and World War, maybe not.  But Peace?  No way I see Trump ever accomplishing close to!
@FoxNews Trump handlers, Please let Trump keep Tweeting. His ignorance and hate is both fun and scary to watch.
and you're a threat!!!
you're never getting the codes to the nuclear arsenal we possess you can die alone like most people do coward!!!!
At least he tried...
TRUMP PENCE for the White House!
Kaine is VERY wrong for defense. He has no clue. Our Military will rebound under Trump and be the mightiest & best equipped
Its to not pay your taxes so we can ppay for defence
#Delusionaldonald
He's her spineless yes man.
You're wrong for the World!
You're just wrong period. Pence took a pass on defending you
@DanScavino @timkaine Kaine has problems with death penalty, but not killing the unborn? Who speaks 4 them?
HRC LOVES PUTIN:Y DIDsickoSELL PUTIN 20% U.S. URANIUM THRU FRANK GIUSTRA/CANADA".SHE IS SICK,DRUNK,GETTG OFF ON HERpower:ew
.@realDonaldTrump @timkaine tim kaine is wrong for AMERICA
, you don't eat all the ethnics in this all the whites shame
Donald if you have so much to say why do you put it on Twitter once you get on TV like a man
Donald, STOP TWEETING, PLEASE!
Kaine Not Only Supported Obama’s Defense Cuts, But Called Them “The Right Thing To Do”
#VPDebate
@realDonaldTrump @chipmunkemt_98 @timkaine
good god stop tweeting!! #maga
Hillary and Tim are to weak on defending our countries citizens. I can't trust their foreign agenda either
is wrong for everything. Loser.
Tim Kaine reminds me of an evil clown!! Creepy!!!
horrible butting in constantly!!
How did it feel getting thrown under the bus tonight by Pence? I can see it now #Pence2020 hahaha
Like our police force haven't done a good job since 9/11?
Sir, Mr. Pence was an Intellectual/POLITE & even keeled Gentleman amidst the childish rudeness of Kaine!!!
and YOU donald are wrong for America
your "cites" to authority for your statements appears broken. It just refers us to your website. Objective evidence?
Pence can't even defend your lies successfully Trump. What hope would he have with a country.
Tim Kaine just sucks period
its true!! I was waiting for him to start bitching in Spanish. I friggin can't stand Kaine!!
Ur wrong for the World. Go back to bad tv
I'm so glad I can turn off #Pence
Kanifer is a lying asshat and his lying had partner are same old 8 yrs
Pence through Trump under the bus. Lol
not as wrong as you are
No he wasn't, Dick


pence clear winner
#VPDebate
@CriswellsOk @timkaine fact check  – at Waties Island
Clinton allowed o willfully to deplete US military levels, will she deplete US military levels even more ? YES !
needs a bust in the head hes skipping
actually thinks terrorist threat is decreased??
Kaine is dangerously weird
But you're wrong for America! #NoTrump #ReleaseYourTaxes #LyingTrump
Kaine voted to reduce military
Kaine would make us Defenseless.
no doubt
Fauquier a real big tweeter
He sucks.  He's a creepy loser.
not interested in defending anything but a global govt headed up by rissia,china and the UN
gross
#NeverHillary #WakeUpAmerica #ClintonScandals #ClintonFoundation
Everything Tim is saying about Donald is so true,Pence is as clueless like you,he did nothing to help you.
Dead wrong!!
and you are a loser in every sense.
no question,  Pence  showed the right stuff!
you're completely wrong for #POTUS
besides the fact HRC.murdered.soldiers and ambassador.....unify.   Vote Trump/Pence unification.mission accomplished
@sme4201968 Tim Kaine is condescending and rude and has nothing but spewing lies.
@Zelectrician @timkaine he is just wrong all together
#NeverHillary #ClintonScandals #ClintonFoundation #WakeUpAmerica
he is angrily biting his lips! Pence calm n zen 
From the man who asked why he couldn't use nuclear weapons. #ImWithHer
you never been to  war neither  one close ones.  You never mourned,  what do you know about security
the only ones that can put American back 2gether again is #TrumpPence ....enough is enough of the Clinton's #MAGA
#taxreturnsdummy
you r wrong 4 everything
Donnie Drumpf is wrong for everything but tiny-handed people and maniacs.
is wrong for everything.
@GovPenceIN  Thank u Gov Pence. For sharing your faith and politics tonight.....FL loves you both!!!!
is wrong for literally everything.
release your tax returns, friend of putin you are bad for defense, security, economics, social justice
Tim Kaine is an idiot
But Hillary is right for the US
Trump is wrong for our country
Trump you're wrong, sad, draft dodging loser,
he reminds me of the jocker!
Great choice Trump!
Kaine is an idiot, he keeps repeating himself cause he has nothin smart to say! #TrumpPence16
what's is your plan? More nukes for other nations?
@mikepence Joke Ticket...
So are you
you are wrong on every thing
But Donald Trump is wronger. I know that bigly.
