Remember this one?? YOU just appointed a registered lobbyist for Saudi Arabia to a Commission!!  YOU, sir, have been bought and paid for!!
gotcha... u can ban anything and perhaps.. everything #USElections
Didn’t you hire people that lobbied on behalf of foreign governments?
Is it just a massive coincidence that when polls down they are "rigged"; but when good you retweet?
if he is actually winning and I could prove it, would you listen?
This is fantastic
first of all your not going to do shit cuz your NOT going to be potus!
was that a genuine thought of your own or did someone tell you to say that

@POTUS No you haven't you still have appointees who are lobbyists!  Shame! Sad! corrupt approach to governing!
Great!  Hillary Clinton will take our Freedoms away!
What a joke!
Uhhh... That would be YOU!  BYE
Trump's tax returns
What did you say about banning foreign govt lobbyists? Oh look, you appointed a lobbyist for Saudi govt to ur admin.
Tear it up tonight!!! This Texas girl is behind you 100%!
All old news.

I think we're watching a lazy orange person procrastinating when he has a debate to study for.

#hatesdetail
alright!!
Self-fulfilling prophecy.
What about General Flynn
We need that in Brussels too!

Sweet jesus who is going to run your campaign then? And your servers??
Hahahaha...that would be just about everyone in your campaign and cabinet!!!
Donald, you're owned by the President of Russia. @realDonaldTrump
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT! #DrainTheSwamp 
you are so delusional
The establishment won't like that. How would the live in luxury after living off our dollars in "public service". Vote DT
go for gold tonight
as a soldier I watched many men die for our freedom. We finally need a voice, no more war!
picked the wrong guy didn't you
Life comes at you fast.
it certainly does
Paranoia strikes deep. Into your heart it will Creep.

Doesn't matter what you do or say. In a few months you will either resign, be impeached or be asked to leave. #25thAmendment
.@realDonaldTrump   Do you hate campaignFinance corruption?  https://youtu.be/2P7WK1HG2oA   Us too.  Hate the game, don't cherry pick the Players!
Remember this?
هلا
Corruption and degradation of America along with her cohorts! #NeverHillary
America has already issued a lifetime ban on you runing for office, Your notice will arrive Nov 8
#You'reFired #BiglylLoser
but Trump is lobbying on behalf of Russian government..
Russians are wonderful people! Educate yourself from propaganda!
don't teach me about Russians
Don't generalize. Not all Russians are bad people!
expose her tonight! All the corruption and what you will fix!
Its sad that the governor of PR had to suck your cock to get help for his people!!
Obama and Hillary will cheat on Election day and we wont let them. Obama already cheated on his Election.
do you know what a president can and cannot do? Do you understand the government at all? #maga
Do it for Us!!! Act Presidential but personable yet silver when you can Without being too extreme
: shut up!
LETS WIN THIS America's LAST STAND We are fighting the biggest crime wave ever Crooked(c)Hilary lie factory
Can't wait to see Donald's front page when he's impeached!
Eminem blasts Donald Trump as 'loose cannon' in new single
Eminem has no room to judge!!
Even Eminem could do a better job!! 
So that means the current staff at the WH?
just. Forgot the Putin Conection? Lol.
Nice to see another appointee was properly vetted.
Think he still supports this? do you think donny even remember saying this?
How about a personal ban on Russian propaganda?
Most of America still has sight but I am sure they will find a way to tax us blind real soon #maga

Your so unstable ... smh look at you now
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
Thank you!!
You really don’t have that kind of power...
for the Christ sakes. Do you really think any of us from middle Amaerica who voted for you wanted Goldman involved w canine
you can start by firing all those assholes on your team who love Russia and other dictators
Don't condemn Russians! They are good people you ignorant unaware yo-yo!
and loving Russia president over ours is unpatriotic
Get real! Love to all you too
I'm w liberal and i strangely feel more patriotic than some this election. Putin murders w plutonium
Obama and Clinton's murder our own people. US military and Benghazi
@JoanneColombo @realDonaldTrump Thank you
Boss, you said we'd say by now "Mr Trump please stop winning". We'd be happy if you'd stop whining! Nauseating.
Obama sucks!
why don't you tell America about the Zionist Jews that are the lobbyist. Or how 70 percent of the senate is Jews.
Zionist Jews trust me. Pull the list up and see who's all in the ZOA
no just google the senate and it will bring up the list of them. They love Israel more the they love america
lower tax rate and take cap off social security contributions. Take out of budget and away from Washington. Everyone wins
man oh man look at all these killary Trolls come out of the woodwork like roaches lol
@joshgerstein good thing you're not running for dictator, numbnuts #voteblue #ImWithHer
you realize she is the same way but with different ideas...
You are the one lobbying for a foreign government. Russia
but then you will never get any money
great idea. Please sink Hillary tonight! Stay on message. Let her choke
but you have taken money from foreign governments sooooooo
"Chronic Amnesia" or "Dementia"... I do not recall! Emailing... Etc
guess you don't know how government works, you can't do that but I'm sure that didn't matter to you. Make it stop!
Deep breath. SHE is guilty of whatever it is, not you. Shut her down. Tell viewers the real deal (Veritas tapes, etc.).
Ask Hillary tonight about the McCarran Walter Act of 1952. It's still a law !
They're selling out America, and we see that now.
A lifetime ban against  grabbing  a women's  pussy.  That is more like it.
Except for General Flynn and how many others?
You'll never get the chance. Heaven help us if you win. You'll be a dictator not Prwsident #TrumpTreason #Liar #Loser
Go away!
please let the voters know about the crooked smartmatic soros machines!! Ck votes before pushin final button. Use paper!
Know what's cool? Slate podcasts decoded twits sent by King Twit, as opposed to his staff--- like this one.
About time!
How? You are PUtin's Puppet.
EXCEPT FOR RUSSIA!!!!!
end the pay-for-play.

DOOMSDAY TO USA CORRUPTION
You are a jerk, but we sure love your kids https://www.facebook.com/We-Love-The-Trump-Kids-1799251833650053/ …
seriously? do you even understand your shitty?
drain the damn swamp!
so sad the American people believe the corrupt media instead of finding out the truth

Trump sounds like a high school dropout when he talks. He's a disgrace to mankind!!!!
In prison?
you forgot to drain the swamp You just made it more swampier you lied to your supporters #baddude
Great, congress needs a good laugh.
fucking hell, third debate and there's something that nearly sounds like a policy...
Help everyone understand how a sitting AG takes the 5th???
Do do that...ty... also wanted to give you a heads up....one truck after another is delivering hundreds of pre-fab homes
How you going to do that? You're never going to be President.
here's what's wrong with the world they put a $ on it and called it their own we need truth & education/media brainwashin
Shut her down #TRUMP We love you.
cant wait for Nov  9 when you are out of our lives
you're not a dictator bruh
Be the *Everyday Americans'*
General Patton tonight!
#Debate3

Donald, a US focus problems, and Hillary Clinton to resolve their problems navel down, there are neurons
Hell yeah
that would mean you Mr Trump would have to give up your dealings with other countries??
@dotdotdothuh
SMASHING PHONES 50% off sav%
idiot psychopath
You're whining is so lame, it's comical.
go Trump
your hitting the right notes mate, keep playing..
That would be great but unfortunately you're not going to be elected president
keep you're cool but kick ASS
That's what you've been doing this whole time - #scarytrump
The unraveling of @realDonaldTrump continues. Poor sad pathetic Donald. He just doesn't learn.

lets go Donald all the way !

Donald Trump is also inviting a local Brownie Troop to the debate. Not to rattle Hillary, but so he can book them for dates in 10 years.
Good luck @ the debate.If she asks abt yr taxes again,ask how she lost $6b state dept and 2 return money stolen from Haiti
Hillary's handlers will hate that!
...does Russia count?! Presumably not. I mean, you do pretty much everything Moscow asks, so I'm guessing they're not a foreign country now.
Hillary is going to help you drain the swamp by changing congress on her coat tails.
why don't you tell your supporters to boycott Amazon and take Bezos down?
And strip them of all titles, government benefits, pensions and healthcare needs! Or offer them 10 year prison term.!
except for Flynn?? Lol.
the vast majority of those lobbyists come from the legislative branch.
Nice thought, Comrade Donnie but by then? We'll already be a Russian client state because of you.  You are dangerous!
Paul Manafort can't be reached for comment. @realDonaldTrump

How about bringing your products back from CHINA???
#ImWithYou
it won't be enough when you lose the election.  There will be a call to boycott any business with your name on it.
Would you please stop with all this common sense talk! Everyone knows our government cannot function on common sense.
Are you going to start with yourself? you seem to be lobbying an awful lot on behalf of Russia.
I would like to congratulate you on being elected as the President of the entire United States, get the crooks.
While at the same time you pay less taxes as someone with a 20,000 dollar income. Trump you're scum!
don't fall for past crap. Just answer BENGHAZI
Bravo! !
Yes @realDonaldTrump, you clogged it and only you can #DrainTheSwamp
#fudt #debate #debatenight
Haha, Russia is lobbying for you now through #julianasange The ban comes after though right?
hahaha this tweet hasn't aged well . Trump has the best foreign agents, believe me.
Didn't you pick Manefort to run your campaign?
WOW! These tweets are coming fast and furious! Are you taking a shyte?
loooooossssseeerrrrr what a debate send this fuck to Russia what a layer God thank you to get rid of him not even a patriot
debate is a real downer.   Nothing but soap box for Clinton.
@FoxNews @MSNBC
putz...a total loser...
Good luck tonight Mr. Trump, kindly knock her socks off!
paul Ryan's life flashes before him
Maybe that will inspire patriotism instead of greed when people run for office.
bull shit
Would the ban apply to yourself as chief cheerleader for the barechested butcher of Grozny Putin?
lifetime ban against you ever running again for lotus
also need at least a 10  yr ban on all government employees working for cotractors of the agency they retired from
Donald everyone knows you can beat on the issues and that great smile a time or two. We support you!
#DumpTheTrump
but you lobbying for Russia and Putin!!! Wtf!
TERM LIMITS IS THE MOST SINGLE BIGGEST CHANGE THAT WILL HELP AMERICANS. GET NEW FRESH HARD WORKING PEOPLE WITH NEW IDEAS
TRUMP SAID. ILLEGALS. NOT MEXICANS.
start now with Russia and tell them to stay out of our country's politics! Then show us your tax returns! You are no angel!
this makes you either incompetent or a liar..!
hey @realDonaldTrump about this statement.  care to re-address?#mpeach45 #trumprussia #RESISTANCE
Hero for middle class Americans.
Biggly???  Is that a word?
Remember?
@FoxNews @CNN WE need a hero!  So powerful yet heartfelt.  Mr. Trump is a good man who will create jobs for US!
hey moderator did not ask Clinton about her attacking slick Willie women he has sexually assaulted
When this is over,the rubber band you're wrapping around all the letters that say "Told You So" only expanding ur doing !!!
