@DTforPre -Wow the truth finally told
@tmann627790 he's getting spanked in every other poll though. Have you checked?

@DEPRESSlONus @realDonaldTrump 
@DTforPre Another deranged deplorable Trump supporter quoting fake polls that have zero validity!!

you're going to show a CNN poll?? Clinton News Network??? !!! Take a quick peek at MOST of the other ones.
did you follow Twitter last night? Trump lost! #sniffles #donnaldisaliar
"He sniffed a lot so he lost"

Your candidate had to be tossed into her van like a sack of potatos
he lost because he proved he was an idiot. And she fainted
no faint here! http://youtu.be/pPHjkhZgvAk 
Collapsing like her polls in Ohio and Florida
they can say she's winning all day...but rallies don't lie!

why is your family so disappointed in you tonight? Is it because you lost BIGLY?
trump says "big league" not bigly
clowns to the left of us, jokers to the right...here we are, stuck in the middle with whom?
oh this must be the one where they asked based on how much water each candidate drank trumps 61% under water XD
If the elections are not rigged, Trump will win.  If he does not get in, it was fixed from the start.
Every poll except for communist network (CNN) shows Trump won.  @mr_niggle lives in cnn network.
#TrumpWon
Russian Mob Millions and All I got is this lousy hat?
@DTforPre
.  Awww she didn't fall down our faint our not be able to talk
. Injections did the trick? She laughs but truly has his from public view
Trump won #YUGE with the whole #debate set up for a Crooked Hillary win: custom podium, advance questions, biased moderator
Disregards Minority Groups. Look How He Treats Women, Immigrants & Minorities. The Mentally Ill Are a Minority Group.
@BipolarUs @realDonaldTrump women have all the rights as men. 
It's 2016
.@realDonaldTrump Nah
#TrumpWon

GRAND OPENING TODAY of Northeastern #Pennsylvania Trump Pence Campaign Headquarters in Clarks Summit PA #TeamTrumpPA 
lmao all the polls are saying he won except a few its hilarious
they are online reader polls
those polls are easily manipulated.
Hillary's odds have shortened today cos she won the debate
lol i know what i have is anecdotal but pretty much every1 i talked to today, even verizon employees cant stand her
why can't they stand her? She had 58% approval rating as senator. 67% approval as SecState so what's the reason?
@DTforPre Your biggest lie so far. Keep it up, as you go downnnnnnnn
@DTforPre LOLOLOL! So wrong!
What
think

you realize these are unscientific polls right
He's too stupid he believes what his fed.
@Scully64 @jasonpuckett @realDonaldTrump Hillary supporters are very entertaining, no doubt
gotta agree there like fishing in a barrel ;)
This Miss Universe became a porn star, are we sure it wasn't Bill that was interested...
Women should not be called pigs because the are overweight.
African American youths should not be called "super predators" because they're black..
You just admitted to 100 million people that you don't pay your taxes. You deserve to be audited. #Debates2016   #shame
Hey Don, did you check out this headline from CNBC? http://cnb.cx/2dnesSy  Favor reload-and-vote-again poll over market?
@CNBC but how that be right? Trump already declared himself the winner! So everyone else must be wrong! 
HILLARY KICKED YOUR ASS. SAD.
Old white males love you! But nobody else does. #LyinTrump #ClownTrain #BigCheeto
Young uppity blacks and stuck up feminists love Hillary. No one else does. #CrookedHillary #Benghazi
Hate to tell you the truth. You lost. Just call Hannity and ask him.
topkek look at all the polls you see. The people don't believe he lost.
stop crying, you lack of stamina
callate go to sleep
shht callate tu


ay!! Callate loco bueno para nada
cc: @JD_Meadows
point: engagement, man. Not looking at bias nor science here, just a surprising result. #onlypoint
.#Trump has stamina.?who was drinking like fish tonight..
sounds like he had a cold. I guess that rates right up with collapsing, right? #nocomparison
Nah, just calling a spade for what it is, people can say what they want lol
that's not a scientific poll... keep fishing
Every poll except CNN is claiming Trump won. ABC analyst couldn't even say he didn't win, they went with a tie.

@CNBC lmao did you read that crap? It even included "Early indications" and "atleast didn't lose" in the first sentence.
my bad not the first sentence, the first quote*
also, @realDonaldTrump failed on the count of him not being able to put a full sentence together -- no points made once
He could have destroyed Hillary when she tried to bait him. He was the bigger person.
*could have* the operative word + was skewered on his tax returns --why not release them? can't explain
LIAR
I think Hillary won and so do any of the legitimate and honest polls out there. Breitbart, Drudge et al. don't count.
Sorry, there`s an error- you changed the names?
TCNy3xza69cK41VEL6CQCpCxq9ETJbufoQ
anyone remember bill Clinton tax return? ? listing his used underwear that he donate? ???
61 % and I would vote for him the truth over lies and dishonesty
gros mytho
bullshit; even Fox News said you lost badly
The American people want to hear you talk what you're going to do for us for America  Hillary is setting a trap
my mom doesn't like you either
WHAT PERCENTAGE OF AMERICANS WANT TO SEE YOUR TAX RETURNS???
HA HAAAA HAAAAAAA  LOL  LOL  i ASK YOU WHO IS PANICKING IN THIS PICTURE !!!
..@CNBC thank you for reporting the correct results ,smart people really do appreciate it.
Thanking them? Isn't bipartisan? If doing job correctly, there is nothing for U 2 thank. Thanks cause chose U. NOT BIPART!
when Donald trump winning the election
you are a choker...#water
...those are not scientific polls. And you pay no taxes...moocher/loser.
STOP! You're killing me. Were you a comic before all of your failings? I'm sure your dads proud of the small $9M he loaned.
CBS does not have a pole idiot
Mr. Trump, I've seen many polls that decimate your claim.  Sir, you need to learn how NOT to interrupt a person speaking.
this is fake & not the real CNBC... But I'm sure someone who is more smarter or in business caught it...
Oh, I heard you got 150%, Donnie! Good work! Fool.
Ambassador Blood-HRC smiling! Iraq is in the blood-HRC smiling! Artificial smile of  bloody clown above US!
Your after-debate whining told America who lost.
this is such a lie.. hahhahahahha
you Think this is real numbers ? Feel sorry for you.

Delusional Donald! He still thinks he's winning.  That remark said about Federal Taxes, "Its smart to not to pay taxes".
mr dumb ,say no to drugs
stop using crystal meth, sad
@DRUDGE_REPORT @TeamTrump @HillaryClinton @seanhannity DJT Won & more importantly Lester Holt LOST as a Huge Bias Moderator
You are delusional.
Why is ok for you to be fat but not anyone else

would this idiot even report a poll that was honest?
neither
OMG, did your peeps learn how to use Photoshop?
that's backward
You're busted for having your redneck supporters trying to fraud the polls!  More lies! Ahahahahahaha!
you live in your own reality 
Awwww Donny. Do you really think you won? That's so cute. She annihilated you.  It was pretty embarrassing for you. Sad!
online e polls are invalid as people can vote multiple times. Only trustworthy polls are scientific. 
is your memory OK? Wasn't it you and your campaign last month saying polls mean nothing? But you love them when you 'win'?
this polls are internet polls dummy it is control by your super Pac 80000000mil viewers on TV 62% for HC you 27% only
Glad you're winning, keep up the good work!  
To: Mr. [Future] President

I voted on Time poll 20 times. CBS poll was a hoax. Internet polls are crap.
wake up Donald u lost the debate woefully and u know it
great job Mr Trump
online poll WORTHLESS
AGREE
Hoi @realDonaldTrump 
Stuur deze tweet niet door aan lieden als @twanhuijs en z'n linkse collega journalisten
anders je verpest hun sprookje
TRUMP
Donald, if God forbid you dont win, we'll know she STOLE it. We WON'T accept it. There will be civil war. #PaperBallots
This is not true at all..this is what i expect from lying trump but hillary won.

Alicia Machado relationship with a Narco and their daughter 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NsVIcVzC80 …

Mr. Trump you have been entrusted too run our country!!
I really hope that when you take the President's chair, you will discover the truth about flight #MH17
Lying....lying......LYING!
@edujapan2010 but why is Cnn posting junks as results when they know that Hillary is going no where?
I see critical thinking is not your forte.
et nos journaleux qui s'obstinnent à nous vendre Clinton..comme Hollande en 2012...beau résultat aujourd'hui !
#inyourdreams
great debate/ maybe should use simple chart like Reagan for people who don't understand your economics

@HillaryClinton WON THE DEBATE AND WILL WIN IN NOVEMBER TOO!! YOUR A LOSER @realDonaldTrump  PLAIN AND SIMPLE!
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large numbers who take online polls & Trump who thinks they mean anything
volgens onze MSM had Hillary gewonnen op punten ;-)  Punten gegeven door Bjorn Soenens ? @realDonaldTrump
Cher @realDonaldTrump Faut encore travailler la présentation, car en face la secrétaire est experte en politique et dialectique
of course you won hands down, while she shook her big ass head and made snide remarks, and avoided answering questions.
and it was his first debate one on one

Shimon Peres, former Israeli leader, dies at 93 http://trib.al/bmnRSdn 
All the polls I saw (w/more than 521 polled) had Trump as the decisive, clear winner.
vote :D
Ondertussen bewijst @DeStandaard nog maar eens zijn eigen irrelevantie
@bo_chart good luck from #morrocco
Yes, he needs it !!!
nationale en internationale media beweren nochtans het tegenovergestelde , net zoals ze het brexit-scenario voorspelden ?
For the next debate, don't let Crooked Hillary pull you down into the weeds!  #debatenight
DEMANDER  ? SVP A Madame CLINTON .ou sont passer LES LINGOTS OR FED?
LINGOTS ?combien sont fourrés au TUNGSTENE ?
#DebateNight #Imwithyou Loved the bargaining for her 'emails' great call!!! #TrumpTrain #TrumpWon
Mr. TRUMP, HRC was sending nose-touch signals to Holt to interrupt...DEBATES ARE RIGGED! THEY'RE CHEATING! PLSE CANCEL!U
Mr. TRUMP, there was so much bias against you at debate, by HRC and Holt, you need to SERIOUSLY CANCEL rest of debates.
omg have you not read ALL the headlines?  Little budy you came in second but hey you at least placed.
Seriously....there goes your fake numbers and foolish followers and your YUGE cyber knowledge!
There is no way you won, and I'm actually pulling for you!
@AlyshaMcCaffrey it's gonna happen 
"400"000 votes you say..
GO Donald!!! You're tough, You're Smart, You Are THE DONALD!!! Don't give her one inch on the 12th. She can't Goad YOU!.
your delusional
@DanielMorrow CNBC said trump....
we the people by big smo should be your fight song
It's a lie, you fumbled during the debate. You lost woefully!
@thehill
every major organization new station has said Trump one except for the bias Clinton news network
@roycan79 #VoteTrump2016  we the ppl will prevail!  So Hillary you better find another White House to invade! 
@roycan79 MSM said our online polls aren't real polls.  But we don't get any calls!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txuUxBS_DZI …
Troll armies rig polls to deceive you into believing Trump won first debate
someone that doesn't pay taxes should not be president
http://www.cnbc.com/2016/09/26/markets-call-hillary-clinton-as-winner-for-first-debate.html …
you were an embarrassment!
Sure, that is what Fox News told the robots in the Fox bubble about Romney until the election and he lost.  Shock!!!
thar poll is wrong as. They shouldn't be believed
Deplorables making MAGA
liberal CNBC only alerts they sent out were pro Hillary. Sickening how biased the media is.
Here's the way the online polls are rigged. Face it, you lost the debate, jackass!
PLEASE! NO MODERATORS! THEY ACT LIKE A REFEREE AT A BOXING MATCH, STEERING BOTH AWAY FROM A KNOCKOUT WIN!  BOO TO L. HOLT !

wow, that global warming isn't looking good Mr Climate Denier
Donald please tie next debate to emails.  She is not fit to lead.
suck on this Charlie
@dunn_martin This is not a REAL poll
