Campaign Finance Laws! 

#OurCountry
#MAGA
They looked stupid too, ll those bubble dwellers

Are they still on the air????
bro ur idiotic henchmen were on CNN 24-7 defending ANYTHING you said or did STOP WHINING LIKE A LOSER
Chelsea your going to get your much needed meds...girl!
call me Mr. Trump I want to be on your team. Make America respected again
CALL HIM PRESIDENT TRUMP ,HE IS A TRUE AMERICAN.
YOU ARE THE WORST - LEAST KNOWLEDGABLE PRESIDENT EVER - AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO THE U.S. - GOD BLESS AMERICA - WITH YOU IT NEEDS IT
Do you REALLY BELIEVE you won in a "landslide"?? HAHAHAHA!!
@CNN showed me how they’re in favour of corruption
Now Comey?? Do you have any clue what an American embarrassment you are? Want to do the RIGHT THING for your country? Resign in Russia!
No!!!
They won’t admit it !
DO NOT POINT FINGERS AT OTHERS WHEN U - AND YOUR ADMIN UNDER INVESTIGATION ALMOST SINCE YOUR INAUGURAL - YOU ARE AN EMBARRASSMENT -
No, Trump’s 2016 victory was not an electoral college landslide https://www.factopolis.com/claims/trump-2016-victory-electoral-college-landslide/ …
Enjoying every moment of it too.
no they really aren't and you won on a technicality. She beat you by a landslide in the popular vote. #lame @CNN
@RichardTBurnett @CNN
@Acosta CNN = Lying Fake News.  In last few weeks caught red handed.  Russia BS. All ratings. Acosta is a silly incompetent lying crybaby!
Close the shop! THEY fired!
HER LOSS WAS NOT A LANDSLIDE - GET DOWN TO BUSINESS AND STOP RUNNING HER DOWN YOU CROOKED  CREEP - TIME U LEFT WHITEHOUSE - ON IMPEACHMENT
THIS IS WHAT A LANDSLIDE LOOKS LIKE DONNY
Tüm iş Thé president öf Thé all américan. You need to live with you.
.@realDonaldTrump @CNN you lost, dude. by 3 million votes. you won one of the smallest electoral college wins in history. SAD
now,now Donald you know that is not true. The American people know the truth.
now,now Donald you know that isn't true! And so do the American people!
2) By no stretch of the imagination did you win in a landslide.
1) CNN was your best friend during the campaign. They even paid 4 of your surrogates as "analysts".
please take your medications.
- FALSE!
3 million voters disagree with you...

مبروك للسيد ترامب هل تعلم ان احد العراقيين أطلق على اسم ابنه المولود الجديد اسم ترامب
You might want to look up the definition of landslide. You're a worldwide embarrassment. Please go away.
Jan.21st, treasonous Trumps low inauguration attendance gets blown away by women's march on DC and world wide march!
You're a  useless orangutan Don
Historically, the average electoral college winner has claimed 70.9% of the vote. Trump’s 56.9% is well below average.
This guy HATES CNN- Maybe he should increase his sphere of influence outside of fox, Drudge, Breitbart, and Russia
hahaha so true, CNN and @MSNBC r so bias. I c why why @FoxNews has higher ratings
that landslide being where she beat you by almost 3 million votes in the popular election?
@protesting2016 @CNN they report the news. You know real news not bs
they're doing just fine-gave ur lying ass more coverage u r a serial liar & ur "movement" r in fact idiots

They could get on The Trump Train
You didn't win in a landslide!  Clinton got almost 3 mill. more votes. 303 EC votes are not a landslide either!
is that why she won 2.5M votes than u?

CNN, NYT...THEY ATTACKED HILLARY MORE THAN ANYONE, INCLUDING YOU. Paranoid?
Bernie's on tv talking minimum wage, $l5/is NOTHING to someone like you. kkk kkkkkk kkkkkkkk kkkkkkkkkk kkkkkkkkkkk kkkkkk
I didn't think it could get any funnier the Dems r putting a wonderful show for us thank you CNN best comedy show yet
actually it's quite entertaining and hysterically funny let the Dems reel and wallow in their pitiful puddle of Tears!
they will find another idiotic cause for sure! (insight by http://commun.it )
Your electoral college ranking is in the 21st percentile -- 46th out of 58 EC votes -- pitiful bragging over nothing.
BREAKING: Donald Trump doesn't know what a 'landslide victory' is
Define Landslide...
I'm so embarrassed by having a total buffoon like you getting elected, minus 2.8 million votes.
She won the popular vote by almost 3 million votes!  You do not have a mandate!

U R  by ~3 Million votes &250 BP on HRC750 Basis Points overall Electorate. Do what U wish Nobody wants U even GOP @CNN
Obviously anyone who thought you'd stop acting like a low IQ trust fund brat if you won was wrong...
So 2.8+ million MORE votes than you received is a landslide loss? #ThatsALie @overrunbydogs @CNN #TheResistance
it's funny because Cheeto Jesus is almost last in electoral college margins.

@DebAlwaystrump @CNN wish they were turned off in airports etc now as they are an annoyance! Fake fake fake news!
 Communist News Network is a joke! Anchors have total combined IQ of 75. Whiny Liars. #FakenewsCNN
More Americans voted for her. You won because of the electoral college. Not exactly a landslide win.
not a landslide at all
delusional. you did NOT win by a landslide more people wanted Hillary than you! yes the popular vote is important
AND CNN STANDS FOR CONSTANTLY NEGATIVE NEWS.  wELL I GOT A KILLER HEADACHE, TWO FOR THE PRICE OF ONE, SORRY HILLARY.
Hillary gets 2.7 mil. more votes than Trump. What landslide?
You are deluded. You lost the pop vote by ~3 mil and won elec coll by 13th worst margin in US history. What landslide?
Gotta love #MSS ! #fables
look up the definition of a landslide. You rate 46 out of 58 elections. Just to be clear no landslide, no mandate.
And you lost the popular vote by ~3M. That is no landslide.
Your “landslide” actually ranks 47th among the nation’s 58 presidential elections in terms of the percent of EC votes.
CNN rocks, you don't, now go comb your 10 long hairs again to cover up your baldness
Do you know what a landslide is? How about losing the popular vote by 2.6 million and counting? Loser! Sad!
What's historic: your loss in popular vote. Largest for any candidate winning electoral college & losing popular vote.
landslide?  Not even close. Electoral vote: 46th out of 58.  Popular vote:  56th out of 58 (so far).
bbi
Not a loss of popular vote!

you call yourself 'intelligent' & 'very smart' but have no idea what a "landslide" is.  You didn't win by a landslide
This is just a silly-ass tweet. I would expect this kind of thing from a very small and not too bright child.
they are all prying they have a job in Jan, we are told sales are done 87%
because Hillary isn't a dangerous, narcissistic, disease of a human being. 
media is not journalism. It is opinionated commentary to bull s. The people. Not working. Discrediting themselves
hahaha! Landslide... Thats great!
President Satan Trump loves to lie. Hillary Clinton won the popular vote - the vote of the people of the United States
Someone tell @realDonaldTrump a landslide victory doesn't mean what he thinks it does. Fleetwood Mac is not involved @CNN
that's because they were expecting someone DECENT as a president. Looks like they're astonished with someone like you
They are proud and so am I in my support for Hillary. Its like the people who stood up to Hitler when it mattered.
Your inner child needs to grow an outer man
She has a popular vote lead of more than 2.5 million. Please choose your words wisely.
its funny cause its TRUE! lol
Landslide? Your popular vote deficit sets records & Electoral College margin only 26th best in 30 elections since 1900
you are such a child
You Trump lost the popular vote, showing how winner take all electoral votes destroys voting power and democracy.
Whatever it is it will be wrong and cfooked
a landslide?? +2.7 million votes is not a landslide loss. It's a popular vote WIN. But u wouldn't know anything about that.
You are just freaking awesome. Carry on Mr President  Elect. We're behind,beside,and in front of you all of the way.
What about your buddy Corey working on the show while on your payroll?
Some landslide @realDonaldTrump. You know you're not fit for this job. Quit now and keep America great.  
https://www.yahoo.com/news/hillary-clinton-gets-more-votes-150522324.html?fb_in_app=1 …
California accounts For ALL of popular vote difference! 49 States gave TRUMP 2.5 MILLION more votes. # PleaseSecede
Please don't have anyone from your cabinet grant them interviews. They are deceitful and disingenuous.
doesn't deserve anything from the trump administration #ClintonNewsNetwork is #FakeNews @HillaryClinton
and you won pop vote by a very slim margin and what does that have to do with the price of butter- give it a break
CNN tells the truth. They are making America Great. You have lied about your promises. You don't know what u r doing!!
Her having more than 2.5 million votes than you is a landslide?
You lost the popular vote in a landslide, dimwit.
The embarrassment is having you as president elect you expect them to kiss your arse nah mate you're still moron
u are the embarrassment not hillary. Focus on ur job and not tweeting about how u can't take a dam  joke.
Wow you can't tweet seen it on cnn. (News scam)
I'm pretty sure you can't lose in landslide AND get 2.6 million more votes than your opponent @realDonaldTrump. Just sayin...
anyone would think you would have much more to do than be on Twitter morning until night.
She beat U by 4 mil votes! landslide & we didnt need russia 2 win! youre illegitimate,a fake phony fraud- Romney right
you lost the popular vote-you dufus!
She won the popular vote by over 2 million, what does that say about you.
HITLERY was the deplorable one.What a wretch it was such an embarrassment to our country to keep hav’g Clinton, again!
@AmericanOldskl @CNN The campaign is over. As the dim bulb in the Marquis of life.. WE KNOW. Lost the popular vote...
. Hillary for Prison.
they talk now as if they'd always acknowledged @HillaryClinton as the DEEPLY flawed candidate she was #crookedhillary
You can't call it a landslide if the election favored you on one side and her on the other. That just doesn't make sense


did you even think she was the only good person running and won the popular vote?
Actually there are over 2.5 million popular votes so be careful what  you call a landslide.
She's 2.7 Million votes ahead of you, so what kind of landslide is that?
Your grammar really tells me that you're the man for this job.
landslide???? I'm sure u got ur news from Fox...LIES ALL LIES I SAY!!
The know what to do.  Criticize and whine (and lie).
lol

now that al the swamp rats are in your cabinet keep a close watch on them and lets here "you are fired"
Vote recount fraud.  Will this crap ever end? 
https://www.facebook.com/plugins/post.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FGOPsukers%2Fposts%2F1420817668225797 …
You won, now do what you said you would do.
https://www.facebook.com/JMcNChicago/posts/10211623819890475?notif_t=close_friend_activity&notif_id=1481034714957843 …
who's loss in a landslide? The people didn't vote for you...the swamp did.
"Philippine president,said in presscon., i'll  always go hard on fraud/corruptions & illegal drug must be extinguish."
Henceforth thou shalt be known to all as Landslide Donald!
wrong!
she won the popular vote haha. By a landslide.
Meanwhile, she crushed you with 2.6 million more American votes. An antiquated system elected you, we didn't.
Donald, you are not my President.
Donald Trump...the President Elect...so childish...Sad.
american is embarrassed u won #manBaby
so easy easy on your landslide comment. You won more electoral votes but you don't have shit for political capital
I know I am probably the millionth person to point this out to u seems you still down "get it" more ppl voted HRC
oh yes, you hit the nail on the head there really reeling.
You are a liar and a cheat.
Our dog Won. Get Over yourselves
your fired
Mr. Trump...

Your fired.
@PolkMckenzie  Do we even really matter ??
Did we ever ??
My hope, praying, and time, was it for NOTHING ????
Such a corrupt media network.  Propoganda and not news. Should be boycotted out of business.
MORE DELUSIONS, LOSING THE POPULAR VOTE BY OVER 2MILLION VOTES ISNT WINNING IN A LAND SLIDE
he is a bully
mr.president elect your presidency will bring God back in this country
You disregard CNN because of their support for Hillary, but FOX is good bc they love you? This isn't biased, I swear.
Since when is winning by over 2million a landslide loss.  You won on a technicality - LOSER
America is embarrassed of you. Call it even then? Or just keep wasting you time?
HAHA!!  If LANDSLIDE means she got almost 3 millions more votes than you, sure. #notmypresident
Not a landslide, you liar. A few close wins in key states and a large loss in the popular vote. Stop fabricating!!
