.@realDonaldTrump No, I was a ghost. I was there. You said you were FOR Iraq. We all were. Stop being a contrarian Donny!
Trump supported going into Iraq een though he loves Saddam Hussein. @realDonaldTrump
.@ProgressOutlook He doesn't love Saddam. Conservatives keep saying that cuz @realDonaldTrump points out regime changes are mistakes.
Never mind his praise for a war criminal. @riwired @realDonaldTrump
. Greeley,co go to Donald trump for president2016website...vote for trump-pence2016...
#lies
That's not what the record says
You supported the Iraq invasion. We have all heard it on tape, Don.
we know u were for it  you gave it two small orange thumbs up

... Trump , Crooked Hillary is the national security threats against her supporters ..  that's the real truth MSNBC ..
and yet you were on the record saying you were for it. Do you have Alzheimer's because you forget a lot of things?
didn't pence vote for the war?
how wrong and corrupt you are, you are lying as you have been, please do us a favor just go away
You supported the war.  It's on tape.  Come on!
: Nice to hear that you blame the Bush administration for ISIS.
.. I don't approve of online donation at all .. Only face to face for donation that's my belif... Thats real life
... Crooked Huma and Crooked Hillary, Crooked Cheryl mills , Crooked Sullivan , Crooked reines , Crooked Sid......
you don't listen to the military do you? as commander-in-chief that's a disaster and that's World War 3
no you didn't #HowardStern a think you will here yourself say you backed it?
It's a good thing you had more information than just your opinion to help you make that decision <\sarcasm> #dipshitDonald
is that the only word you know , disaster?
Record shows someone support3d it before opposing it, I  call that flip-flopping. @HillaryClinton
Thank GOD your opinion actually mattered at that time. You were doing SO MUCH for the country then! #dipshitDonald
I saw you on video saying you were FOR Iraq!!!!!!! Was it your clone? Thank God I have a brain.  HRC is my choice.
NO, with all due respect #DonaldTrump you were FOR the war. You even talked about it on national news: "do surgical strike"
You are a liar like always RollTide
Why doesnt the biased media talk about how Hillary sends thugs to terrorize innocent people instead of attacking Trump?
Its true and proven by @JamesOKeefeIII's videos but I dont expect u to comprehend something so simple.
@III_R_III
.@realDonaldTrump lies and compounds the lies with more lies. We are just days away from voting him out and pushing him back into reality tv
Welcoming illegals to US ADDS to US debt!!
you're desperate. keep going. it's charming.
لا لا لا
It was and started what has ruined the Middle East.
fraud
Donald FINISHED HER with a Ku De Gra
You were for it. WE CAN GOOGLE, DUMMY.
they only dummy is you
The #RussianPaidEggs are out in force. Awesome! Jump off a bridge, Dawnski.
really you clintonites keep proving my point can't debate so you call names make me laugh
are you not drowning in the irony of this statement?
Liar, Liar Pants on FIRE
Big D! Please save us from ourselves!!!
I KNOW YOU'RE BUSY BUT, JUST CHECK OUT THE #TAPE DONALD
when a person denies he says something that all the world has already heard he said that is defined as insanity.
LOVED UR LT-HEARTED HUMOR AT CHARITY DINNERPRAY WE CAN ALL FORGIVESAD HILLARY SO LOOK LOSTSHE NEEDS "GOOD" PHYCHIATRIST
Major Lie. He answered YES when asked.
you were RECORDED on Howard Stern saying you supported it. We've all heard it. Why keep lying about it? It's unbecoming.
shut up
I HATE YOU Donald TRUMP
you're literally recorded saying you support it- nice try, hombre
liar!! It's on tape!!
I like u Don but u lie so much. U did support the war, no matter f u were a politician or not I heard u! Stop lying!!
You are totally insignificant at this point.
So what that you opposed Iraq? You couldn't do a thing about it. You weren't a Congressman or Senator! Basic civics, Donnie
OMG, are you STILL telling this lie? No matter how many times you deny it, it won't change the FACT that you supported it.
You are tapped saying you supported Iraq. Stop lying. Or do you think facts and evidence is too liberal.
SHE VOTED FOR IRAQ WAR, SHE WAS IN A POSITION TO PREVENT IT AND SHE DIDN'T.
Signing for Iraq invasion #mistake using private server for state work #mistake what kinda President comits such blunder
I wonder how she finds it easy to hypnotize Americans on top of her lies and criminal inclination
you are a disaster
People who supported the war did so because of the lies by Bush and Cheney.  And, you told Howard Stern you were pro war.
WRONG!
liar ive beenn around heard you say it send are troops in.
Wrong......wrong......wrong.....
no you didn't we heard you on the tape. Take some responsibility
@HillaryClinton  tell us how you really feel https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-t9-9N1PkGE …
google says otherwise
listen yo Howard Stern's tape where you were for the war too...must be your age where you forget,like assaulting
Women
George Costanza: "Remember Jerry, it's not a lie if you believe it."
@prolifewill YES SHE IS PURE EVIL
u did vote for the Iraq war .. proof .. go google
You lie. #ImWithHer
speaking of disasters, how is your campaign going?#WhiningAboutVoterFraud
I looked up those youtube videos @HillaryClinton was "wrong" about and they ARE there. You supported the invasion of iraq.
Unless you have a voice double, you did NOT oppose it...and guess what?  WHO CARES!  YOU were nothing but a reality star!
you weren't
You can repeat that 100,000 times and it won't erase your words you said to Howard Stern.
Trump, now that you’re under attack, you want to cry woe-is-me and have people commiserate. Slim chance, big guy.
He has spent this entire election attacking anyone and everyone whom he felt it would be politically advantageous to attack
t is sad, really, but for him I have no sympathy.
Trump is back to carelessly shooting off his mouth and recklessly shooting himself in the foot.
#BigFatLiar - you never opposed it "You either go in or you don't" - is what you repeatedly said!

http://www.factcheck.org/2016/02/donald-trump-and-the-iraq-war/ …
, liar, liar, pants on fire!!!
no you supported it I guess you don't remember what you said
you are a disaster
@HillaryClinton Here's the Stern interview you've conveniently forgotten https://www.buzzfeed.com/andrewkaczynski/in-2002-donald-trump-said-he-supported-invading-iraq-on-the?utm_term=.bnp99L4XxR#.ad9jjYyoKP …
@HillaryClinton  I understand, Mr. Trump. After all, that Stern show was years ago...you've 'forgotten'. Early Alzheimer's?
you were FOR going into Iraq longggg before you were ever against going into Iraq. The interview footage proves it
@karenan29064381 Please clear your calendar for the next 8 years, you got a lot of mess to clean up. And we are here 2 help
You were for it. LIAR!!
Don, you have been on both of every topic.  If it is good for the day you are it, then next week, you flip flop.
WHY is this an issue! You DIDN'T, COULDN'T VOTE! You had no say in the matter! She's the one who VOTED!! All that matters!
Liar. Goodbye #GOP!
@MikeOG_ comments on sterns show didnt cause the goverment to do this.  Her vote and others caused this waste of $ & time!!
Please Bring up Clinton deportation force that took Eliana Gonzalez in raid gripping kid from his family
LIE!
you are a liar. It is on tape that you supported it.
that had been totally proven false...
stop lying to the public. You SAID you're for the war! It's on tape! Geez.
lie lie lie you master of evil, hate and sexual abuse on women
#YOUDIDNOT! #LYIN' DONALD
@jbutto Get time on TV have Laura Ingram & Newt lay out everything on her ,show the ppl all of it,WERE RUNNING OUT OF TIME
didn't Bush go into Iraq or did you forget
You should probably stop lying when people have screenshots of your tweets. Or better yet, stop tweeting entirely
WRONG
Please do MY country a favor and leave.
but ur running mate did vote for Iraq war it u said u didn't the records show mr trump did vote for Iraq war u denied
#liar
72% of what you said in the debate were lies. What the fuck is wrong with you? Try a different Dr. #trumpClownShow
We all saw proof you did. The words came out of your mouth, just like when you admitted to sexually harassing women.#asshat
No, you didn't. It's on record. Man up and admit it.
New Yorkers understand what a pure as hole Trump is that's why you only see Rudy supporting him!
dude your on tape saying ur for it
Mosul in Iraq,leaders of IShas fled, the US military it put a long period of time even  in Iraq,wasable torecover security
you're a liar.  You're on video as saying you supported it.
How do you explain this then?  https://youtu.be/GX35BZgYfWI  #LyingCunt #WillneverBeElected #WorseCandidateEver
another lie from a liar no big surprise #lyingtrump #ChrisWallace #debate
No you didn't.  You're on freaking video saying you supported it, moron.
How many of the 17 agencies that say Russia is affecting the election said there were WMD,s in Iraq
MR.TRUMP KNOWS WHAT HE IS DOING,PLEASE PAY ATTENTION TO HIM WITHOUT JUDING HIM. HE KNOWS DO BUSSINESS!
VOTETRUMP!
get over yourself. You lie more than anyone I know.
thats a lie.  You told Howard Stern you were for the invasion and that the President was doing a good job.  #liar #shutup
Never TrumpForever
You are the disaster!!
you lie about everything
It's on tape that you agreed with invading Iraq! Can you go even one hour without lying?
@goladygo45 GO START TV NETWORK POLITICS ISN'T 4 YOU, SORRY 
do you realize there are tapes that show other wise?
NO. You. Did. Not.
ISIS love you big time.
Praying for you and our country.  May God guide you.
Your inability to take responsibility for your initial support for the Iraq War says everything we need to know about you.
stop lying
Donald you FINISHED HER with a Ku De Gra. She just stood their stared at you all night. That alone was victory.
30years of Clinton's experience in creating the gangs of death with different names and places, Since Afghanistan's war 80
He shoots he scores..
just cause you repeat it over and over does not make it so. It's worked for you in the past not this time.
again another #lie. When you are caught on tape saying something #remember #yousaidit.
as well as why 9000 of American and French soldiers are in Iraq?what are they doing there...?
my ballot was mailed out 2 weeks ago voted for Trump Pence Make America Great Again
Bill Clinton's false information was given to Bush which led to us in Iraq Any civilian says otherwise are clueless
A recipe 4humor is 2present a point so disconnected w reality that ppl laugh. But repeating sm joke over&over loses appeal.
even if you did support it  we only knew based on what we civilians were told. There's no shame we're outsiders
there's a video of you saying you were for it...lol
you need to get over this lie of yours.  Hillary wasn't alone in this vote either.  Drop it. It's a non-starter.
Show me proof?
tell her she voted 4 iraq and that u were only a civilian without any power to influence decisions in the congress.
meet #DonaldTrump you guys should get to know each other BELIEVE ME #BigLeagueTruth
I have seen the tape with u saying u was for the war in Iraq. Stop lying because there is proof out there of u saying it.
@hectormorenco you were a private citizen not privy to all intel. Should never be brought up
WRONG
you supported it & there's evidence of this. if you stop lying, will you die?
Trump's ONLY "opposition" to Iraq. Howard Stern asked if he supported the Iraq War. Trump said, "Yeah, I guess so."
There's an actual recording of your creepy, predatory voice saying that you supported going into Iraq! #LIAR
You lie.
Yea right
Little Donny wah wah
lyin' Trump
liar
nasty woman!
http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2016/02/19/sc-gop-town-hall-donald-trump-howard-stern-iraq-invasion-29.cnn …
Since the Obama/Hillary fiasco we've have more attacks and bombings than ever!
Hillary/Obama they go looking for destruction to Our safety. Sorry part they find it
WRONG. #biglyleaguetruth
Sir, with respect, if an SNL sketch upsets you how can you stand up to ISIS. They will play you like a Wurlitzer.
Doesn’t matter; you were a civilian. Don’t get tricked into have your pre-government service decisions count.
Should've have never meddled in Syria.  Should've never been in Libya for that matter.  #NoFlyZoneEqualsWW3
You're being beat by a woman cause you can't stay on script.  For the last time you have to listen to your people.
WRONG, WRONG, WRONG. Video of you supporting the war will forever be out there. By the way, you were a NASTY MAN at debate
hey moron it was the REPUBLICAN PRESIDENT AT THE TIME who convinced Congress.  Know facts before you open that nasty mouth
