Almost 3million More PPl Voted For Clinton And He Wins......Something Stinks And I Think It's The Trump Swamp.
we need to update our inventory
*****#1PRESIDENT*****
.@realDonaldTrump
always costs more than expected because unanticipated problems always arise. Cheap parts also bad answer.
you are making America great again,bring down those Democrats who have ruined our country and bring our military back!
Good idea comrade.

we need to pay down the debt so glad you are now our President elect

そうなんですね。

False.
Point is still the same! Heartland vastly still elected Trump!
Why is a "Heartland" vote more valuable?
Because it encompasses all demographics, not just a few!
Cities (which went for HRC) are more demographically diverse.
the defense contractors have had a great run with very little accountability.
The scam on U.S. taxpayers is coming to an end !

Thank you Donald
WISEST mind at TOP, for the 1st time I've observed; who's SELFLESSLY, RELENTLESSLY & FEARLESSLY thinking Americans' WELFARE
MORE RE-DESIGNED A-10's
In you cost cutting of military hardware remember lives are at stake. You nor your family did not serve, but mine did.
You can't even get 47% of the vote. In the US I mean. Not Russia.
We know you are adept at cost-effective business sir & with great generals to advise on the military, can't wait 4Jan. 20
every day a stock or sector drops 2 weeks was boeing last week biotech now this every day stock drop cos of this moron
like you did with Carrier fool
go to your daily briefings...really, go. Emperor, you have no clothes and people are finally noticing.
that is one of the many reasons I voted for you.
You are such a liar
@CharlesS1952 @POTUS should look at the F-16 going head to head against the F-35. Might be surprised and it costs less.
ummm no vtol on f16.
But you can make them cheaper and takes short runway. http://www.f-16.net/forum/viewtopic.php?t=6893 … #MAGA
this is true but the f16 does not have short take off vertical landing capability
We have Harriers for that.
Harriers have been decommissioned. They're obsolete.
I hope you mean that
You really need to stop tweeting if you want people to believe you "are like smart...." as you said on your Fox interview.
do you think God..myself is taking this lightly..cast aside like a nobody.this political arena can follow every 1into Hell
Swamp is a vast understatement. God is with you.
For $100k I will do a new design, much better than what AF1 is now.
I know the people who support you are morons and will normalize anything you do, but for everyone else, wake the fuck up.
Please Donald, don't change! #keeptweeting
Never change Donald, being racist, sexist, a crybaby because someone mocks you, never change, lol.
Liberal tears are delicious... and they make awesome gun lube!
I'm not even american, but you trumpophiles are so easy to troll, thanks for being an easy mark.
so is Russia going to be selling you cheaper armed goods?
No, you're thinking of the Easter Bunny here
And you were for the F-35 before. The F-35 is a piece of unreliable garbage. Even the military doesn't want it.
what's that son-in-law up to?
lol ya right

Carly Fiorina not Good Candidate for Intelligence would be big Mistake see her Past Dealings Against You is Double minded
My son works at the Ft. Worth F-35 plant. Stop messing with American companies that hire Americans and tanking their stock!
Son and co-workers sold their stock this morning due to your careless tweet. Stop tweeting against American companies!!!
So you're cutting defence spending, publicising it, and trolling China on Twitter? Great strategy.
China just flew their nuclear jet at China border. First time in 18 months. Stop tweeting. Go to a briefing.
Oh boy. That's .. interesting. Is this public somewhere? A link? (seriously curious, not trolling)

Taiwan is China's core interest And it defines a core interest as something it is willing to go to war over
Donald, what are your thoughts on the pedestrianisation of Norwich City Centre?
you should probably DM/private message him if you want to ask him stuff
FAMI LIVE IN 1940 HOOD,FOR 35 Y-TO OUR BUILD MOVED 8 Y AGO VIOLENT-INDIVID TO AP 5D
2014 AP 4A MOVED ELECTRO TORTURER-GYPSY
plant for the production of closed Hammer in Russia. An urgent need to open and send me one car model Nammer H3
Nee
https://drive.google.com/file/d/17xiCMijhD7rd4_eJQiWKOWsx0ztEYMgI/view?usp=drivesdk …
olur olur gider herşeyi kafaya takmamak lazım!?
Another TRUMP lie
F-35 was overpriced with major design flaws maybe fighter jet maybe come true Decades later
Drones R cheaper N fly over take out large amounts of ppl cities...This is what ISIS is using right now.....

This is the Real American carnage that Trump referred to in his inaugural address.
Please review this file which killed 248 American soldiers in Gander.
thank you so much for this!
OOPS!! #LiarInChief #TrumpRussia #Loser #Weak #Sad! #ImpeachTrump #Resist http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/07/10/trump-bragged-saving-us-600-million-f-35-jets-pentagon-says-price-just-skyrocketed/ …
Another victory for President Trump and the USA
You lied about EVERYTHING, not a truthful bone in your body. GET OUT of OUR White House.
, If anyone could do it, I knew it would be you, President Trump.
So glad u will b our president!  America will b great again!
I  Trump and our country! 
What about electric fighters? Imagine a seacarrier submarine
I voted for u so u could help the little people. Why are u cutting off my lifeline? I need SS to live on! Disabled Vet.
It's just cuts. With Killory Clinton it would've been gone altogether!!!
Well aren't you the stupid one. I have SSD, and that isn't being cut at all. So bite me!
No you're the one living off the tax dollars! I'm living off what I work for all my life. There is a difference. So quit whining.
Please keep the A-10 fleet.
$LMT dropped 4% on your tweet. It will probably come back & gain based on your history of tweets. Somebody is making money.
finally I found some1 in that tweet that is thinking like me...I hope @TheJusticeDept is all over this w/ @realDonaldTrump
the Securities and Exchange Commission would be even better
the real problem is he is Pres. Elect & using @twitter ...this is unprecedented
yes. Unfortunately it's not insider information as soon as he posts it
but it could be "insider info" if any1 w/in his "circle" knew of views & placed orders b4 tweet ...both guilty then
.@realDonaldTrump 
And there we go -  180 degree shift - look at this random factoid I pulled out of my orange ass.
.@realDonaldTrump 
But returning to that earlier conversation we were having. Remember when you were accurately called Putin's puppet?
stop messing with my inheritance
Do disgraced pres get secret service after they're impeached & removed? You cost too damn much.
Ha!
how many shares of Lockheed Martin did you sell before you tweeted this?
川普你要是在中国开个社交账号，至少有5000万人关注你
. When you build the wall forget about the gate I seen enough for a lifetime
every bit of senseless drivel from this megalomaniac reinforces his being the world's most dangerous dolt
I WAITING FOR THIS WORDS EIGHT YEARS!
Save Our Souls #SOS
That project is a boondoggle.  It went well over a trillion dollars for a really slow fighter jet.  Good Tech but slow..
this is a great step move on.
Oh and by the way, yes it was brought up before the election
"But. Voted for you!" -98% of Lockheed employees that are currently shitting themselves
While you’re at it, cut congressional pay. They don’t need $200k/year when they work less than a full time min wage earner.
But don't cancel it. That will be a mistake. Administer it better from here on in. Remember the TSR2.
I thought you were all about helping the working man. How does throwing them out of work help them?
...  Finally, a  GENIUS Businessman in the White House.
today Lockheed laid off a bunch of people in direct response to this tweet. Please Mr. Trump, we don't need layoffs.
loser military, 95% of military spending and employees are a waste, fire them all.
thank you
the #F35 is a #Russian design sold to #US #MilitaryComplex by rogue post  #soviet engineers @PutinRF_Eng
you might ask how did we get 19 trillion in debt? Waste fraud and abuse! #draintheswamp
Yeah they don't need those pesky escape pods!  If they die in the crash then they wont be one of those loser POWs!
TRUMP GO TO WAR WITH CHINA SO WE CAN KEEP OUR JOBS BUILDING OUR F FIGHTERS. LET'S MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
@shawgerald4 I was in the Air Force, I have seen how every vendor of all parts Way Over charges military on everything!
use your Groupon to get a better deal on 5 or more jet fighters!
the F-35 costs 80 million per unit, sure that's not cheap, but it is not in the billions
stupid is as stupid does
F-35's are well worth the investment. Maybe you should do some more research.
And then we can spend it on renting your spaces for public functions and your security detail, right? More tax $$ for you!
i thought you was going to rebuild the military
New yes, possibly better...not sure...must find out if it is cash cow or not
@amazingatheist Except don't waste the saved money on more tools of destruction build up infrastructure.
I thought the f35's manufacturing was moving to India because we didn't use them any more
I've been saying and wishing for this kind of leadership for decades.  The old joke about the $400 toilet seat is true
Your comments on the horrendous F-35 program gives me faith in your ability to lead this country.
That's what I am taking about!  Put that money to better uses,  education and healthcare,  clean up the ghettos.
Because you're going to buy the stuff at Wal-Mart? @SMShow

one awesome man
Keep up the great work! You are a busy fellow but I know you like that! I can't wait until after January 20! God Bless!

you tweet, stocks nosedive. Your just making money the way you know how, manipulation....
until you pay people people what you owe them your opinion is laughable.
wrecking havoc on US business stocks. How dare you.
Hate 2 agree with @realDonaldTrump but, he's correct. See it on a daily basis. Sole source contractor's gouge the taxpayer&it's frustrating.
already putting a price on freedom you should be ashamed
@joehos18 Amen!! Finally, we have someone who cares how our money is spent!!
By outsourcing?
Great DT! #DumpMcCain 
#DumpGraham #DumpFlake #DumpMcConnell #DumpRyan 
#StandAloneVote
#UseNuclearOption #TermLimitsNow
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1SqqL_KIUv8DOZVtEjglcXCFYYNU0eK6afypmaqT65LQ/htmlview#gid=0 …
bracing to see how many military confidential programs will be impetuously and randomly tweeted. #SOS
Whatever Putin wants right @realDonaldTrump? Truly saddened Americans are uninformed enough to vote for you. Sad state of our country.
nuclear stockpiles are free ?
- Why not just buy Russian hardware?

Yeah. Going to bring in Putins military to control your country ah comrade! Expect Russian tanks in your town soon !!
Gear Mr. Trumo:  YOU HAVE GOT TO STOP THE EVIL CIA, CLINTON, SOROS et al, BEFORE THEY STOP YOU, OR KILL YOU!
or try and stop the Russians before they install someone favorable to their agenda in the WH... #traitortrump
so who is insider trading your decisions? 820 am sell off started 6 mins before your tweet #notmypresident #theResistance
Whatever you do, don't give your airforce the best against ISIS. Purchase WW 1 bi-planes.
than let your department heads negotiate & you review. Why must u be in the spotlight...ego a little. Leaders deligate
#NAT
you are one that cares country so much. Keep your head donald.
Ed il Ministero della Difesa Italiano ne voleva comprare 95 di F- 35 che bella fregatura da parte dell'aereonautica it.
Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets.” Donald Trump Jr.2008
and you are going to build up the military. Yea right with no money  your friends aren't paying a dime in taxes
good stuff, hope the money saved is well spend for welfare of needy (esp. medical treatment for the underpriveledged)
I see you are working hard at manipulating the stock market again.
Pay some fucking TAXES & then you can talk about it
when trump is not voted in bythe electors then what?
so  many nonsence things. Money  going toward things like bug study plan p arenthood which is not as important as bugs
لا تخاف عليهم يشيلون تسليحها ويحطون بداله مكيف وجنوط وشيلات ويسوقونها علينا!
@itsnobes
Democracy will take care of you before January 20th but just in case it's a little late Democracy has this too
you can get the money from abe
News Flash "Mainstream M. can't admit that PEOTUS DJT is our 45th POTUS on January 20th 2017"; believe me MSM is Fake News!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @engadget
台湾岛是中国的！南海也是中国的！
- I don't usually support this buffoon, but he's right about this. This boondoggle has cost as much as Bush's Iraq war.
Just buy used jets on Craigslist!
Good, but don't skimp on the science.  Dick swinging contests over planes are not what we need as a country.
lefty socialist agenda distract her & she tried 2 use #gendercard on U by trotting out those women? Wha? those SAME Blacks
No one in Gov has ever tried price checking or getting bids, it's like doctors charging 4 times over when you have ins.
more money in your pocket?
...forget the regime change and nation building overseas....help the middle-class
Insider trading? 6 minutes BEFORE he tweeted this and Lockheed martin lost billions, someone dumped stocks
We don't have money.
The cost of YOU is out of control. Billions of lives will be saved if you would stop this farce and comfort your own ego.
Putin must be so relieved!
THX USA ISRAEL GOT THE F35 READY TO ATTACK ANY CITY IN EUROPE STATEMENT FOLLOW FB KURT-SWISS WHO CARE@BUDGET CODE MIGHTY 1
(Liar-Bigot) Putting Americans out of work Don? Sad.
is putin concerned about the F35? He doesn't think we should we have them? Good boy! #Putinspuppet
Can't the Pentagon USAF ever manage in budget with out sleeping with the administrative female staff? same old story.excuse
finally something sane (even if it goes against what you said during the campaign)
cost of your overpriced hotels is out of control,billions can be saved after January 20th since they'll be targeted by ISIS
Your tweets simply reinforce your ignorance
@FoxNews Daily reminder:
President " grab em by the pussy '" Trump
so with Tillison you are going to turn USA into a satellite state of Russia!
Liar.

and how MARAD wasted $400,000 on a study by unqualified firm with former DOT employee working for LMI get the  swamp clean
ur going down for treason
4 yrs of this nightmare
I want like the stars wars its awesome
Americans deserve real information to back up these assertions. Forgive us for not taking your word for it... liar.
You gonna show the plans to your boyfriend* so he can show you where to cut "costs" @realDonaldTrump? #MAGA
*Putin
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
pretend like you know what F-35 means... pssh.
Thank You #PresidentElectDonaldTrump It is crazy spending so much on this when that money can go to help our citizens!
