trump don't give a crap about u and nothing he has proposed says he does his plan benefits rich not middle
@MeatballMom1 @patrioticpepe @realDonaldTrump Let alone the poor. He hasn't a clue
ur right but someone needs 2 tell them he is going to kill us all
They've had to have seen and heard it all. They don't get it. Sad.
I just don't understand how they r so ignorant to facts
I've said it before it's beyond comprehension
You just lost more of the black vote.  Hope it was worth it.
national disgrace
Do you mean the birther movement started by your friend, Hillary?
#CROOKEDHILLARY STEALING FROM DONORS SAD
https://www.google.com/amp/observer.com/2016/09/exclusive-hillary-clinton-campaign-systematically-overcharging-poorest-donors/amp/ …
lol
Colkin Powell  was not reliable  as consaevTIVE.  LANED TO
LIBERAL  IDEAS.  Ignore  his comments.  out of step.
I'm not a doctor but I do play one on Twitter. You and your followers have many mental problems

Donald, you are lucky to have @AnnCoulter on your side! https://twitter.com/cafedotcom/status/773234629327228928/video/1 …
Powell doesn't care what you think of him. Nobody cares.
Trump just can't take anyone criticizing him. Presidents may be the most criticized people on the planet. Could he cope?
you have no respect for anyone.
At least Secretary Powell likely has a healthy BMI.
Our future POTUS
he would be a way better prez than you!!
Rubio is having trouble keeping his own Senate seat which he may lose to Patrick Murphy.  Future POTS FUNNY.
that shirt is horrible.
don't need to go there let him rant he looks like an idiot on his own
When Donald Trump says he was "never" a fan of somebody, it means they pissed him off just now. That is all. @realDonaldTrump
I doubt Powell will vote for Hillary!
shhhh
Careful, he gave a lot of his life to the country and is very worthy of respect. You disagree with him but can respect him
- interesting that you only say that now... What I wonder did you say previously???? #neverevertrump
He talked nasty about you & Hillary - however, he worked with Hillary but, as a member of establishment, he's against you
Absolutely! Every mind has its own vision, idea, and way of viewing things. I'm with you, Trump. You can never forget God.
Biting your tongue, orange you? You want to lash out more, don't you?
GOAT
your a real man of God calling people names God don't like hate
You’re not worth a zit...
On Colin Powell’s nut sack...
You’re a mindless oaf...
#   Always wrong, never in doubt... America’s nightmare.
I think not understanding what the nuclear triad is = disaster.
Love the honesty from DT.  We need a man who says what he believes and will do what he says.
- how do you know he will?
and your guy #fatdonny supported that war. Its on tape, can't deny it.
he still said it.
um yes. When asked about the war he supported it. Unless nothing he says is to be taken seriously, oh I see where ur going
Release your damn tax returns, fraud.
can you even define Tax Return?
LOL, Drumpfsters don't even know what a tax return is. Must be from being perpetually unemployed. #LoserDonald #TrumpUEducation
he still doesn't know what a tax return is to this day
But two weeks ago you called him a great man when he was critical of Hillary and the emails.
seizure? Its called working while sick. Pneumonia. But you're the doctor apparently.
Since when does pneumonia require diazepam injections? Cap hits the ground before they drag sleeping beauty into her van-bulance.
I had no idea you were there as the doctor. What a great job! It's pneumonia, it happens.
do you still believe Barack Obama was not born in the United States?

that lie got debunked years ago. First problem was linking to breitbart. Guaranteed to be wrong.

Jake Tapper "fact checking;" the full credibility of CNN. LOL!
Get over it!
if Trump wasnt GOP Nom Dems would be callin Cruz Jeb Kasich Racist by now 2 cause thats what Dems do #DeplorableChallenge
No, Dems just understand the English language. If you don't hear a racist when he speaks, the mirror is near
if 1 of 2 Trump supporters is racist, & you don't think guy next 2U is a racist, then it's you!
That was obtuse
I think it's more along the lines of slow to understand. You might be obtuse if...
had to read it twice?  Sorry.
it's OK you're forgiven. At least you're willing to admit when you are in error
I guess being wry was off. Too obtuse. How's this: Trump is a lying, racist, unhinged nut job
Trump, I'm a latino millennial and I've decided to support YOU after finding out about all of Hillary's diseases
Colin is not a fan of yours and 68 million Americans think you are a liar, indecent, inept & incompetent!
Finally Someone With Balls: http://www.redpillphilosophy.com/store/t-shirt-trump-finally-someone-with-balls/ …
and apparently, they r fat like the rest of #fatdonnny
@cnn Unlike Hillary who will follow the same policies creating Al-qeada,ISIS & other conflicts around the world,
yes go Trump he has his secret plan that he does not even know yet "believe me" "I will fix it"
atleast he has the intention,can get the right team to fix things,either for good/bad,but thats needed
the team he has around him shows that no one decent want to be associated with him. His only interest is him
thats is ur point of u, do u so much inside information of his team, and all those supporting him,woww
dude learn English please, typical profile of Trump supporter- highly uneducated and easily swallow his BS
thats what u think, people who have alterior motives,who hide behind fake ids,& want harm to USA
Powell is an idiot; he's no Republican; he voted for Obama; he trashed a lot of people in his emails; he's a bum.
Wah Wah Wah, I hate Colin Powell he was mean to me.
you were in favor before you weren't in favor, Equivocating polyp. Worst person in US. can't wait to see you fail.
tv news reported Colin Powell had lied on tv  "pointing at maps add"ing credibility to US positioning & progress" in Iraq
I kn u wuld comment. U have to learn to deal w/criticism. Too thin-skinned (Pres. can't be...)Thats one of ur biggest probs
I'm sure he really cares what you think. It doesn't matter how much money you have. You're still a clown.
Christ, are u a fan of anyone that you don't pay? You probably aren't a fan of Jesus Christ either? Weak, right?
People don't respect a person that is always digging on other people. This is not presidential.
So says the man who didn't know what the nuclear Triad was.
creep
Stay focused on jobs border terror
Attacking Colin was an error 
Let Flynn head up Blue on Blue
You have better thing to do
#American vs #trump

Ronald's fav bouncy-bouncy girl loses it--ugly.
(raid #unemployment insurance)
@realdonaldtrump
LMAO. Iraq never did have WMD's dummy. Bush AKA Shrub wanted Saddam Hussein out for the failed assassination on his dad.
This, gentlemen, is a perfect example of POTUS gettin' all butthurt

funny how the media always calls you a liar and not Hillary the murderer hmm bias much FoxNews
Powell wanted fast out of Iraq, just like in Libya. Gen Schwartzkopf wanted to take Baghdad and occupy. Schwartz was right
You're a sick, disgusting fraud man - get some help #trump=taitz
Are you capable of making a point that doesn't involve insulting someone else?
Yes. Yes, she is. She doesn't need to insult a person to disagree.
please Powell is old news disregard
of course a fascist like #trump is never a fan  of anyone #colinpowell
Many lib whiners out there!  12 years ago, they protested Powell.  Today, they celebrate him.  Cindy Sheehan syndrome.  Sad
whenever you talk military strategy, people that actually understand strategy laugh at you. You're a joke. #DonaldTrump
Who cares about Colin Powell you never did a good job anyway he sucks he's history

The mere fact that you don't remember that VP Cheney and Condoleza twisted Powell's arm to lie. You are a terrible President #MAGA 
if we send you to Mars!
#internationalpariah

you need to apologize you price of shit
you sir are a complete joke, please go away!
didn't he mention somethings about Hillarys hubris?
Must focus debate wHC M.E. foreign policy decisions:$3.4BtoSHIA Iranians & Billions in Arms to SUNNI Saudi's=WWIII.HC fault
I think both sides of the aisle and your own past vocal support share responsibility for the Iraq war rather thn the Secret
But you supported the war before you were against it
STILL MORE REASONS WHY I WAS NEVER A FAN OF MR.TRUMP: HIS SELFISHNESS, IGNORANCE, BRAGGING, UNCIVILITY, AND LACK OF CLASS
neither was I! What a phony he is
What now you are a scientist. How many hats do u want to wear.
Donnie Boy you never seem to like anyone after the fact when they are critical of you...no exception!!!
How will you do better? What's your plan?
Re: Colin Powell, I TRUSTED when he said WMD in Iraq; he made it believable —STILL didn't make sense to kill Saddam though.
http://Iwillvote.com 

but....but...he is not a racist
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/feb/17/central-park-five-donald-trump-jogger-rape-case-new-york …
you don't need just a jerk
tongue yourself
That's right!!!
please don't go down this road again. He has a lot of pull no need to download him and lose votes. Need u to win.
No disasters in your life ever Trump? Other than you ex wifes getting to old.
You don't fool anyone. You can't stand anyone who criticizes you. Some President you'd be
believe me he's no friend of yours either. Nor is anyone in the world!
you missed the great come back. Everyone should question everything
Hey, he dislikes HRC, too so he cannot be all bad.  We know his record was flawed.  Do not follow the shiny object.
of course not, he's black...
What did you do in Vietnam coward
Your incompetence is stunning.
Reason u don't like C.P is because he didn't kiss your butt!!!
Forget traitors, Mr Trump The home stretch is so exciting. We know you'll bring it home And we are right here to help #MAGA
he has intelligence u will never posses and u can't buy. Ur a zero, Colin Powell is a hero
Its about service not a performance seeking fans popularity contest. Competing for understanding is not your strength. Puting down vets is.
@SarahHuckabee thinks it’s “highly inappropriate” to debate a four-star Marine general, yet you did. #TrumpLies
that's right he's a dem
DONALD J TRUMP a weapon of MASS DESTRUCTION AND CORRUPTION. 
, sir... it's best to take the high road.  be above these "small" attacks! Can't wait to vote for you in November
MR.POWELL--NOT BORN WITH GOLD SPOON, DID'NT USE FATHER AND HIS CRONIES FOR SUCCESS, MULTIPLE TOURS IN VIETNAM--WOUNDED-HERO
#TRUMP doesn't CARE being  supporter DOESN'T exempt them being CIVIL #BASKETofDEPLORABLE don't get IT DEFEAT #KELLYAYOTTE
How are you doing on that nuclear triad question? You call him weak? lol
feeling is mutual.
coming from a guy who was too much of a bitch to fight in Vietnam #draftdodger
You know, you have a pattern of claiming long-term dislike for people after they criticize you. Is this mature?
Oh COMRADE, you really do make me laugh.  As if, you knew two shits about anything military 
Hey you still clueless as to what the Nuclear Triad is? Gen. Powell is a great American something you will never be.
Dumb Donald could not hold a candle to someone like Colin Powell! Pay your bills fool! Start with American Freedom Girls.
Speaking of weak, how are things going sir?
...Powell is a no good loser!  He's jealous because he wishes he was 1/2 the man Trump is!
When are you planning to start? Soon?
Trump's tweets are mightier than bullets!
And all those ministers of God are just out to get you!  #FakeConservative
http://www.npr.org/2016/09/15/494064219/trump-criticizes-flint-pastor-but-misstates-key-facts-about-their-encounter …
says the man who has no military rxperience
Evidently, he didn't think highly of you, either
OMG Cheney Rumsfeld and wolfawitz made Powell do it.  Wakeup
Collin just trashed everyone behind thier back.  Worked with lots of vps like that. Trashing people = they look better lol
You will never be the American patriot that General Powell is.
In the last 9 months, you've showed We the People your total ineptness of being president & we're no fan of yours.  So please resign. MAGA
stay on message
me neither !
... yup, He was FULLA SHIT from DAY 1... another SAUDI BACKING bullshit artist.
#there it goes againNo.2!!
YOU thought that you had more clarity & understanding than Gen Powell? Why is that?
Praise Putin and criticize Colin Powell.  You are a disgrace.  #RetweetThat
do you know what it's like to work
all my life honestly
Thank you Trump for working hard to Make America Great Again!
. And yet you endorsed the Iraq war
Who is a draft dodger called Gen. Powell a proving a warrior & military strategist weak.
#trump
You can't be a fan of Colin Powell. You can't match his standard. You are a worm in gutter.
So SAD you supported it.
you suck trump
me neither, but i like him a hell of a lot better than i like you!
Obviously he isn't a fan it yours. If we were to pick a person we respected, it would be him not you. You are a little boy.
You are no President !!!!
@PressSec
 So Very True
ground game? Where is it? You giving lunches in poor neighborhoods to listen to your job policies? If not. You lose.
- yeah but he served his country for decades while you dodged.
"weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction?" Funny, this from the guy who didn't know what the nuclear triad was!
[How did a black guy get to be a general, anyway?]
Of course you are no fan of Powell. He's a black man
Please 
if he said you were gr8 you'd have said he was g8 too. You're "understanding" of things is weak
No surprise to see you disrespect the military.
So questioning Generals is only forbidden when you are President?
you don't deserve to shine his shoes. #disgusting
You were never a fan after you realized he was black and didn't just have a really nice tan.
Powell played both sides of the political fence, and is now a man without a Party. That's what you get for being a RINO.
Teleprompter speeches are great for your minions. Your words let people know who you really are. #pitiful
you make people sign agreements not to tell the truth about you. Is the IRS in your pocket as well.
#ReleaseYourTaxes now.
what the actual... this makes no sense.
he is a dirty one like Clinton please they all sllep whit each other and they get fleas
you are a pariah, but I doubt you or you followers know what that means #pariah
@PressSec are you going to scold him for questioning a general?  Shame on Donny! Shame...tell him Sarah
I know.. You like Russian and North Korean dictators....Traitor!
Good thing you're a weapons expert to guide us through that minefield. Phew.

I doubt you could pull the pin out of a grenade. In fact, I dare you to prove me wrong. 
I double dare you!
I triple dog dare you times infinity. 

I'll wait.
watch Hillary , she a rattler.
nah you should respect his critique too
