you fear the media when they speak ill of you and applause when they support you. SMH
Ur making America a TRUE republic, once more, can show to the rest of the world (Adam Smith) Wealth of Nations!
Well done, Trumpy! - Go for it!! (from New Zealand). :)  - Cher. -(local idiom) -but not all idiots here... only the dumbed-down Press!! :{
predghentranm
NY Times needs to actually talk with/listen to PEOPLE like I did in Pa.
Sadly, too many national reporters (and on TV) have become part of the NY/DC/LA/SF bubble.
It was NOT just white, straight working class males voting for Trump in PA. He had other support, too
Including from gay 2nd Amendment supporters who do not plan 2 B Islamist Supremacists' prey.
This is one of the big stories of 2016. and lessons: never presume to have the support of a group.
Donald Вы будете праздновать старый новый год?)))))
#Resist
you forgot Taiwan!!!
perhaps one day they will teach you, how to spell basic words like "receive", Mr. "Smartest Guy"
I sure hope so your the president. Omg the things you say. LMFAO
praying you read this please hire @OliverNorthFNC  as your SecDef no better choice around! 
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=nKwvv_aqOXM …
I am so happy and proud to have a president with a backbone. Thank you President elect Donald Trump...
All the places you want to expand nuclear proliferation! 

Thanks for calming everyone down.
Do not let anyone change you.  We who voted for you are trusting you to keep all your promises.  No compromise!
your flailing about like a punchdrunk boxer..you really DON'T have a clue what to do..LMAO...#drainthetrump
goodluck
.@realDonaldTrump: I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China..
,  don't worry about news,  keep working, the work too hard
Russian first, amirite?
our stock market going up because your going to be president! 
Donald trump is our president get off his page all you haters and go suckered hillary tit
"I before E, except after C."
Hillary did not answer the idiot presses questions for more than 9 months and they happy w/that why should Trump?
That's so rude and "unpresidential" @realDonaldTrump! Are you still using derogatory words on Media outfits like @nytimes? What rubbish!!!

I'm envisioning @KellyannePolls chasing you around the living room trying to wrestle the phone from your tiny hand
Sweden?
Yep, you have the UK support if you want it, that's for sure.
Without State Briefings it appears. One wrong word or sentence could have upsetting world consequences. Amateurish
this is why some countries arrest news people or news Co. get shut down can cause world war 3 if they lie right
do not forget Kazakhstan. We glorious country that build wall to keep out the Jew.
Were you finished or was that meant to be a period?
Well...there it is. Never doubt his tweeting prowess.
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
The best foreign leaders? Are many people saying many things?
You are amazingly strong.  Stood alone against great opposition.  Stay strong and do the right thing! Love you!
you need to stop bashing the nytimes they are doing their job. They are fair and balanced journalists. Do a better job
many people are saying you love America TOO much!
how is that a bad thing?
Its v.embarrassing when the President Elect @realDonaldTrump cannot spell "received" correctly. The world is in the hands of an idiot.
O'my God. @nytimes already #drainingTheNerves of elected POTUS #trump. What a great Role Model for our children. #bullying @realDonaldTrump
that's what happens when you're so good and popular in the most popular president ever! I MAGA
RECEIVED I before e except after c
could you kindly hire me to proofread what you write, received not recieved
I before e except after c
they get their news from facebook. No real journalist over there
@DonaldJTrumpJr @FoxNews unity and togetherness #AmericaFirst hold media accountable for fear they are placing in lives
Good grief, get a grip.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNbF9PI9Gjo …
shut up

More Americans Hate you than like you...believe me! @NeverTrump
only 64 likes, "NOT GREAT"!!! Lol.
10 more likes than you have followers, oh boring one
My followers definitely have more intellect. Besides, we WON!
what did you win? He's already flip flopping on just about every issue
Kinda true. But shes not President. Happy, late!
I hate her a little less than him
25K Christian Refugees -> 25K Criminal Refugees Rejected by Australia https://twitter.com/GopAaron/status/806340691131596801/video/1 …
https://www.facebook.com/The-Obama-Legacy-609789112559190/ …
Go around the LYIN' MSM at EVERY opportunity YOU WON! I'd screw them over every damn time for sure

#BREAKING: Trump avoids term "radical Islamic terrorism" during speech http://hill.cm/uksDFLJ  
انتبه من دعوت المملكه  السعوديه الارهابيه 
لعاد يغروك  وسيلتهم الاغرائات بالمصالح   
انتبه يسيل لعابك
Guess you're going to laugh when things get better 4 U.S. We will have the last laugh
LoL tool.
Coming from part of the 'collective' this doesn't surprise me.
It's upset you hasn't it Donny? Almost as if thou dost protest too much. @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
Nah, we can't believe the media. We're not clones like you.
but you'll believe Alex Jones?
Can't say I listen to him much.....Life experience has a lot 2 do with it.
congratulations! May Americans and Chinese be friends, not enemies in future
school boy error.. nice grammar muppet
If the NYT fails, it's not good for OUR country. Don't be such a baby Mr.Trump. #Freedomofthepress
Mr.President I more The once urged you not to trust McConnell,Ryan & least of all the Clinton funders Saudi Arabia!
aka "TSmellie" aka "Archie" @nytimes  starring Malania as Edith! Ivanka as Gloria! What's his face as Michael!
No one really cares what the @nytimes says. They're irrelevant!!
you're such a liar
received*
foreign leaders reaching out & some like Chinese premier beggin for appt! Obama gets booed in Europe! #preztrump
Ah yes, puppet. Yes, you did.
Donald, can you spell? Recieve???
just because you don't agree with a paper doesn't mean you have to say "failing" - focus on real issues potuse
oh you definitely heard from Russia! Your BFF Putin couldn't wait to call you! How much you owe him for the win?
Get a call from "Little Kim" yet? Another of the pseudo-Commie fascist dictators that endorsed you.
Duhhhhhh that's there job
@realDonaldTrump @nytimes
If your news for the day is that you don't like a newspaper, we are not interested. Go back to work.
Hmm. I before E except after C. You're #PEOTUS and you can't use a spell checker???!! Blimey.
Especially when that insured client served their country for over 30 years?

You don't suppose to use an unsecure phone, dummy.
release your taxes
"recieved", Mr. President?
-Put "'i' before 'e' EXCEPT after 'c'" in President Trump's Daily Briefing today,Bannon
"Received" @nytimes
receive
@JustinTrudeau  I'm pleased to see that Canada is not on the list of "foreign leaders"... Thank you Mr. President.
you know the NYTimes has actually added readers and not declinedPlease tell the truth when you become President
Obama seems to be trying to apologize for you but hiding that he and his policies is the issue.
Dear President Trump-it goes to show that foreign Countries RESPECT strong leadership which was lacking for 8 yrs!
Thank you for giving us the truth. Alot of the media is full of it, sick and tired of it. They need a major face l
Stop bashing the press. They represent the people. Get it?
Learn to spell.
How about Turkey? Don't miss judge Turkey please, because of Obama's stupid advisers!
Most called to try and find out if you know what you are doing. Putin just phoned to tell you what to do.
U talked with Saudi Arabia? What? I thought u said u wouldn't talk to them? I feel sorry for ur supporters
keep your promises
And don`t forget the talk with our charismatic PM Rutte...just kidding Rutte is an ass-hole first class.
The Top3corrupt liberal PressTITUTES. CNN Clinton News Network, NYT  owned by Mexican Carlos Slim. Washington Post
Of course we know about the calls you took from Russia. We all know about your collaboration with Putin to rig it.
Learn to spell.
WHATEVER!
I hope that it's on a secure phone line
Oh my god - I've baby-sat *toddlers* who were less whiny than you are.  SO EMBARASSING!
I know you talk to Russia. Your lover Putin gave you the election.
,@Congratulations Donald J. Trump

stop Japan from murdering Dolphins,China,Korea skinning & boiling dogs,cats alive!
who cares
I love that Social media gives our President elect the ability to snap right back at the false coverage from NYT.
Yeah, right. Liar Liar little hands on fire. #NotMyPresident
@LAE2429  sighhhhhhhh
Received*
Sir, please help citizens to be free from the forced subscription of MSM-give us pick/pay choice of channels.
Don't u care about your children + grandkids? Please don't help destroy our planet. Think of those u love.
your spelling is bad. A POTUS needs to know how to spell, or use spell check.
Ah, trump can you not handle it?
He'll drink your salty tears during 8 years.
he'll probably be drinking his  own. He acts like a fucking child.
: Ireland's leader called you a monster. 
I agree.  Kids & adults are scared of your Hitler-like team of miscreants.
Assad is not an ally! He's a mass murderer! Killed 400k of his citizens! Must face #justice4Syria
Keep going. Don't give up. Temper your comments. Learn diplomacy from Kelleyanne.  Don't trust rhinos 100%! Ryan?
звонил ли вам президент Украины Порошенко?
They were probably prank calls and you fell for them!
Quitcher lying man! You didn't get calls from them!
How can you speak to them when you're so busy tweeting every perceived slight?!
Remember:
America first
I AM SO GLAD YOU TWEET..AND KEEP CONTACT WITH THE PEOPLE..THANK YOU SIR...# MediaLies
Germany, Ireland, France and the U.K. our strong allies are worried about the future. So are we.
rectification "received" 
What do you think about Rand Paul for sec of state or a cabinet position?
Your phone calls have been on UNSECURED lines
What a hypocrite Trump is. 
you are dreaming buddy .... LOL
"I" before "e" except after "c"
Hey @realDonaldTrump don't you have more important matters than bullying the @nytimes ? #respectfreedomofspeech
The NYT pissed you off? Probably some truthful bit you didn't want to hear. No surprise about USSR among the list.
Publish them.  Love to see how you've been received by the rest of the world.
received. " I before e except after C".
you still in this attack mode donald duck?
"i" before "e" except after "c" and in words like neighbor and weigh....just trying to help!
hehehe you go! #grammar
They are dealing with you because they have to ....not because they want to !!
@Zelectrician @nytimes Praying for your wisdom and stamina - both of which you seem to have in abundance
NYT paid subscriptions UP 40+K since election     
@LDknepper @nytimes stop trying to govern by tweet. You can't do job of Pres, if you insist on arguing w/the press by tweet
"i" before "e" except after "c"
lets show time begin, show d world why u r best from  d rest..  good luck from India
Liar liar pants on fire @realDonaldTrump. We know u want to destroy free press & democracy. The @nytimes makes America great, not you.
regarding to the dinner, as long as the president and families are protected, once in a while ditch the press.
.@realDonaldTrump Never end a sentence with a comma.
Remember Isiah 41:10
@Aljadrawi
Trump should not give illegitimate media access to Presidential and Personal matters, they obuse the privilege
King Trump? - 

http://www.iomtoday.co.im/news/isle-of-man-news/donald-trump-is-manx-well-perhaps-1-8238918 …
bs- don't believe a word of it, no legitimacy to this side show! Alt right will not unite- civil war coming!!
yes, it truly shows how crooked  PM Abe is!
Do presidents need to know how to spell? It's 'receive' not 'recieve' - Twitter spellcheck should have alerted you
I trust the lines are secure at Trump Tower?
Grant you Obama is not going to say any good about you.  He Is FINISHED.  PRAISE THE LORD.  A NEW DAY HAS DAWNED.
no bragging needed. It's your job now.
yes, but were they secure lines?  Need to lock you up for risking national security!!!!!
Obama had to run and see Putin, when he opposed Trump seeing or talking to  him. He just wanted to put people in fear.
"i" before "e" except after "c"
Good lord, could you actually act like a world leader???????
What you don't think POTUS' toddler-like tantrums are good leadership? ;)

good
the @nytimes is officially a joke or a cliche !  They aren't fit to use to start fire in the fireplace
Um, Drumpf, it's I before E except after http://C.You  gotta learn this TOO on top of everything? #WTF
Please Trump be kind to Japan. tHEY MAKE OUR ANIME!
you sound surprised.
Isn't everyone impressed!!!!!!!
You might have talked to them on the phone,but that doesn't mean that they like you or are with you or Respect you
Respect is already coming back, but please still hold Hillary accountable for her crimes.
/ most of them got thier hands deep in uncle Sam's pockets
Setting up business deals, huh?
Get rid of the Racist, Steve Bannon. HORRIBLE decision making on your part. Protests will grow until you grow up.
