@Eagle_Vision more people wanted you out of office then in. Just remember that every day in office
Don't take it so hard @Dawgnuts1
Your football team got the most yards you say?  That's nice...where's your victory parade, then?
that's now how it works. My football team got the most points and still lost. Get ya wording right
wordings fine...and it's always worked that way with the yards and points and stuff....
votes points most yardage electoral votes
nope....when they started this shebang, votes yards, electoral votes points....did you not hear "quest for 270"?
even Trumps tweets on the 2012 election says the same thing. Electoral votes are arcane and useless
If you really loved Louisiana you would show your moobs for beads.
can u comment on the incoming general elections in Kenya.
what's your thought on Kenya's General elections next year!
hello Donald
CA and NY are so far in the red on money they can never pay it back. So the rest of the country have to support them.
and yet they want to decide who wins the presidential race. Don't think so
now let's get to work!
liberals get rekt! Again!
Very truthful humor @HillaryClinton http://100percentfedup.com/best-joke-ever-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-go-into-a-bakery/ …
that's pretty cute actually
showed dishonest Hillary being outsmarted again by honesty!
.@realDonaldTrump But what did you think about SNL last night?  Americans deserve to know.
When you take everyone to the cleaners they will get you out by any means possible. Just watch you jizzz hole!
You got Kennedy a win & this will help you immensely.  Good job President  Trump. Every day you something so great.
I Love You Mr Trump ... your going to be the BEST President EVER!!!!  #stayconnected

- okay, but what did you think about last night's #SNL?
He won on his own merit, it had nothing to do with you. A
Its Over! We know! You cheated! Step down maybe you will get a cell with a window!
now let's put @TGowdySC in Supreme Court! #MAGA #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain #TreyGowdy #AllAboutTheLaw
another seat
thank you for your service mr. President wish you would please address my question most of America has greatly appreciated
listen Mr. Trump, the government has occurred on my property, I have entitlements. With honor, this freedom case is closed.

and maybe Hillary can release all those emails???
you are a disgrace, drumpf!
delete your account
Orange cheater
most people hate you
WHAT R U GOING TO SO ABOUT RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE WITH OUR DEMOCRATIC PROCESS? LET ME GUESS, BEND OVER AND TAKE TAKE IT.
You lost the popular vote
John won... meaning the toilet.
Because I sat on it.
But I still need diapers.
#IMPEACH THE TRAITOR
Good lord...couldn't  you just have congratulated him without patting yourself on the back? Where does your narcissism end.
Any loyal American is horrified at theRussian interference&shouldWANTit exhaustively investigated. What are you afraid of?
You spent Friday evening getting marching orders from handler #putin #gop fears blackmail 4 THEIR emails @CIA now has them
America's fortunes just keep getting better & better thanks to you, sir. We had to bottom-out before we began rising again.
The FBI-------said that there's no connection between Russia and Donald Trump

News http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8045931/1/ …
#ReleaseYourTaxes
why are his taxes any of your business?
So we know who he owes money to, you Russian troll
Also, did the Russians help JOHN win his election, too? Or was it just a one-time deal with yours?
lmao! No one needs interference ppl tired of the bs lies & do nothing dems
So the Russian interference was just excessive then? Like overkill since Trump was going to win anyway?
please hillary pulled out every liw dem tactic there was & still trying & will FAIL AGAIN
this has nothing to do with Hillary it has to do with Trump and Putin you know they worked 2gether @DavidGMcAfee @realDonaldTrump
u r letting us down honour ur promises or u won't get our support nxt time
@StopNuclearWar @realDonaldTrump He won't honor anything, greed is his motivation, war for profit, tainting water #NoDAPL
this is the #DraftDodging #PresidentElect who will take us to war  #NoDAPL  @LeeCamp #TYTlive
Did you have the same condemnation for B.Clinton? B.Obama? No? Why not?
yup
Sore losers this is for you!! 
playtime is over
FAILED  #MerryChristmas
sad for you to put your country above Russia
you ppl are so gullible
not as gullible as a mindless trump supported ... we ppl can think
yep that's why all we hear is the regurgitation of Hillarys false campaign narratives
don't know how any American can do that
Its increasingly obvious in the days to come that Trump is incapable of being president, legally, morally, practically.
Less intellectual people elected a less intellectual president. This nation is fucked.
#trump #PresidentTrump #usa #PresidentElect
dude, that is what we voted against.
I hope I'm wrong but it just seems he's in it for personal gain & to make a load of money for close friends 
I think it's much worse than that. I think he's working with Putin to take down the US.
are you kidding? Have you seen what's happened to this country under Obama?
What was that exactly? Because I see a president who saved us from another depression
.@realDonaldTrump Can you at least promise us your internment camp uniforms will be Made in the USA? #jobs
Know of a good conversion therapist who accepts @OscarHealth? Thx!
RECOUNT!
Cying Loser #You LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL! 
still putting Russia ahead of you country
The election is not over you gonna lose
Hope you thanked Putin for your election! @realDonaldTrump
the recount didn't work or the rioting or fake news so they are trying this now. Sore loser!
Trump loved the fake news. He preached untruths, right at the debates.
Go cry in the corner.
Shows the mentallity of his supporters. Only hear what he says instead of doing own research.
I did plenty of research. Found out how horrible Hillary was and all her criminal actions.
We hate you. No matter what you do, millions of us hate you and always will.
Millions more love him. I voted for him twice. 
not as many as Hilliary over 65 million and growing voted for her 
You mean the baby killer.
I say try really try to work with Dems if not go to the mattresses @realDonaldTrump

What did she win a toaster?
she "Won " 2,841,862 more votes than Trump! Were those numbers are too Bigly?
What did she win a toaster??  
the respect of 3 million more people than Conald could ever dream of
O'l Bentley has a toaster fetish!  
let's run new elections after it's proved Russia interfered  Then we can put to rest Russia interference  get trump OUT
hello
Great to hear that his opponent didn't beat him by 3 million votes like yours did!
and you are still a Traitor #traitordon
You're only PEOTUS because Putin and Assange got involved. What an embarrassment.
R u crazy?U're t embarrassment if u support a criminal who used PrivateServer exposing her criminality @realDonaldTrump
Not even comparable.
Evidence of the interference?
Trump could prevent a building from burning down and you cucks would claim he's pyrophobic.
.@realDonaldTrump You're still a stooge of Putin, and a threat to the US, including anyone that supports you.
what does Hillary have to do with @realDonaldTrump being owned by Putin?
she sucked  -ppl voted against her, she had no msg, old establishment, Benghazi Trials, untrustworthy
who do u think is pushing the russian bs?
@teamcombover16 And that's how it works.  No fraud, no lies.  Plain ole American support.  
I mean!!!
love ya ! Keep exploding those liberal head's until they disappear . They are irrelevant   animals.
it's all bc of you master. Youre a god master. We owe you our LOVE master. WE LOVE U master. YOURE LOVED... now go to sleep
The Russians more likely hacked Hillary's email server you liberal fools.
pick him please
so I stand corrected you have made it a Putin like dictator
Congrads Donald, your a dangerous dictator to all of the USA
Please tell the US voter which 3 action items you agree with? Again @realDonaldTrump not a zero sum #game nor #RealityTV real impact
#MAGA
Emoluments and debt ... Antitrust violator with stretched out lips ... Fraud *(us) A ... Trumped University voters ... A$$
You spent 2 minutes
You and your mafia
John F. Kennedy Speeches (on Karl Marx & secret societies)
the world should know that you are right about banning muslims . explosion in  church in egypt left 40 died

I guess people in Louisiana don't need
Clean air?
Clean water?
Good jobs?
Medicare?
Social Security?
Must be nice?
You didn't win and hopefully , you will be gone !
you are going to be pres stip tweeting start learning how
So sad. Another lying crook. Wicked Donald and his Cabinet of Horror.
Did he have help from your BFF Vlad too??
so why are you still campaigning?
congratulations to Mr. Kennedy. One more Republican vote in Congress. Love it
way too go Justin provide something that will proves 54%
Your Mida's touch. Keep up rolling the pundits and their media.
very impressive Putin gave you time off from being his puppet to go campaign!  He must be happy with you!
nice work. Making things happen already. Can't wait until 2017!!  You've got me energized.

Do you still have elections on going?
Did you call on your buddy Putin & his band of Russian hackers to help out there too?

Let's keep winning and WINNING!
"JOHN WON" of course he did, it,s a movement, just watch 2018
Glad to see your still going strong even though nay sayers are still in denial. Never more proud that Ohio voted for you.
Inaugural ball?
https://soundcloud.com/miwubyoulongtime/alcoholic-astronaut …
#music #trump @SoundCloud #listen #futurebass @MartinGarrix @deadma5 #Itsmi
.   You go Donald we're behind you  !!
But your still a looser
But you spent more time "talking " about yourself...
andyou feel you are responsible for this? Typical narcissist
sad! Pathetic!
Won with your typical snake oil salesmanship?? The 3 R's... Rants, Rhetoric, Racism.
Donald Duck should be where he belongs in a small body of water wading in his own shit!
Yeah, natch, he is also a 2nd choice winner!
Well, then there was someone who won. You lost! By almost 3 MILLION votes!!! You are a criminal and the USA doesn't want yu
US Army wins , Cowboys win, Carrier, now Kennedy !! I'm kinda getting tired of winning  Tnx BigDon!
democrats, I have one question for you all, is John victory relevant to Russia cyber hack interference?
Is this a subtle way of taking credit?!
people get over it. Show respect to your President. I'm a dem. I find him exhilarating! My only child invested in Dry ship
he would have won with or without you.
You're like Katrina. You'll be the reason that the RNC dies with your presidency. No one will want a Republican after you.
WE LOVE WINNING plus no apologies! Dems r reaping what they sewed. If Mitch n Ryan don't produce? They will to.
All praise to our Lord GOD. Merry Christmas Mr. President Elect :)
Let's hope he has some ethics (unlike you) - and will put country first.

big freaking deal!!  another ... look at me and what I did....you are pathetic!!!  #1mostboastfulegotisticalPOSever!
why so nasty
.@realDonaldTrump WE DON'T CARE. Our country was attacked by Russia to elect you. WE will fight back as ONE against Putin & YOU. Traitor.
and Clay Higgins beat Angelle! Louisiana is tired of Political Correctness! Higgins is tough
Don't forget the ones who likes to get dirty  and make their money.Some people like to touch what doing in work.
- take credit for all the victories and blame everyone else for your massive failures and mistakes.  What a sham PEOTUS
Loosing hope , Trust and faith in you Please Seclect John Bolton they fear him
Для матушки России

Yeah, a really weird thing happened, he got the most VOTES.  Can you imagine that?
-No, he was there. It's where he complained Time calls it Person of the Year instead of Man. Really disgusting!
#recount2016 #AuditTheVote #TrumpFraud #StillWithHer #trumpgrets #ElectoralCollege

The Pride is Swelling within me now
omg u losers. Enough with the russia stuff.  Liberals believe anything fed to them by media. U peeps are pathetic. Sheep!
dude you can turn the Cyrillic keyboard back on now
I assume U R taking credit 4 Kennedy's win? Does he also have ties 2 Russia? Seems like everyone U associate with does.
Jill Stein wants a recount.

Team work!
Great work! Majority upheld!
I live in one of our nation's worst cities & know the only way to fix things here is community involvement. We must engage.
- For the first quarter of 2015, The New York Times Company reported a net loss of $14.4 million.
Chanel News Asia, Singapore own Chinese news portal keep on publishing negative news about you. This is Singapore company
do you ever stop saying the word I? It's getting old.

What the fuck are you doing campaigning. Don't you want to hear the US secrets and pass them along to Russian planted wife
#pixoritdidnthappen
khhn
That is BIGLY of you. 
thus the way to go. Let those specialise in cheap talk continue talking
I'm sure that was all thanks to your help. I can't imagine how the world keeps spinning when you sleep.
And he won all because of you, right???  Narcissistic #OrangeAnus
Maybe you can tweet something like I applaud Russia for helping my campaign. It will help my businesses there in the future
If you want to have a successful Administration get Rex Tillerson into the state department.
Donald please check out USA eye glass companies. We buy from China why not here?
this was phenomenal news!!
Another one riding the great coat tails of Trump.
Release your tax returns Army and Navy. Make us all believers.
congratulations
halfwit defeats half ass.
So much for the ELITE MEDIA HOAX that John Kennedy was killed in Dallas!
U R SCREWED!
you had our back here in Louisiana for the nation, DEMS didn't think it necessary to help Foster just send a little money
YES!!!!
you know Trump, Republicans there is still Republican that like to reach over to the other side. And there is Democrats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_4bp8bBNVw …
hay wan a be dictator remember to be a dictator you have to do away with the First Amendment and silence everyone
er you don't need to freaking tweet every FIVE seconds. Oh gee look, I used caps.
So did Russia.  Every victory for Republicans is a victory for Russia.  You are a treasonous fascist
I could go on and on Donald but even with your small pea brain you got the message. All of America is watching you always!
God want it the way you wanted it, so, God wins
YOU INTERFERED DONALD!
whoohooo
To avoid confusion, and in case Kennedy's friends are concerned, I can confirm that despite being tweeted by @realDonaldTrump, this is true.
Yay!!!
NICE..TAKE OVER ALL THE DEMOCRATIC SEATS . THEY ARE FINISHED
you never had the makings of a varsity athlete.
traitor u rooted for a Kennedy
Congratulations on your new fabulous pic4 us senate- John Kennedy Best 4  The BEST
Its time to listen to the braintrust on Climate Change #CNN #Harvard #ClimateAction #climate
Back when Hillary & Bill went to collage they work 4 Americana  communist party still do.
Yet you slammed Obama for campaigning for Clinton. You are a 1st class hypocrite! #notmypresident #trump #Hypocrite
we don't need "players" we need people that care about the USA not naked horse rider Putin.
