You lie.
You are a sad Human Mr Trump
but  God choose you but I want make Kenya to not be attack with alishaba make Kenya's.
how dare you says your business is great when half of them have failed and you don't pay your workers
Yes we knew U & KIDS had BIZ's B4, ur Infidelity, Bragged about physical assult BUT we also can read the CONSTITUTION & LAW
U R mandated to; it's called Emoluments. ONE word instead of 10,000, ONE easy clause Not 10 pages says it all. U R PAST DUE

how can Al Sharpton walk the street owing back taxes of 4 million dollars when irs is driving me nuts over pennies

We're still waiting to see your taxes. Mitt was right-we never will. You're filling up the swamp, hypocrite.
I agree deb  the guy is a con man.had to cheat to win.hope they take them all down corrupt bunch
where are all your  demands for truth for the current president and corrupt officials including Hillary? Obama has sold out
tu ignorancia total, América no sólo es U.S. , América es un continente Trump. Aprende a ver
If this isn't a conflict of interest, I don't know what is!
which great business? The casinos and hotels you bankrupted?
#ImpeachPutinsPuppet
You have no mandate. Unless being an illegitimate president who only plans to steal money is a mandate. Go to jail.


America was great before the election
--Not mandated?! HONESTY and avoiding CORRUPTION have always dictated: NO CONFLICTS OF INTEREST. Con Man Trump.
haha @CNN & @ABCNews still waiting, thinking you were really gonna release your tax records. How dumb. They still trust you
it looks like you've outwitted the dumb media again.  They've been waiting patiently for the 15th and now... NOTHING.
LIAR
If it is in any way a possible "Conflict of interests" then yes you do! You are not exempt from the law old dude!
#FuckTrump #Trump #NotMyPresident #FuhrerTrump #TrumpIsACrook #AntiTrump #DirtyDon #DonTheCon #LockHimUp #TrumpLeaks

we're fucked because of you so u better make America great again
We are watching all your picks with great care and interest that you stay true to no swamp people McConnell and Ryan=bad
#Resist
Hire some real scientists to tell the truth about the imaginary global warming. Stuff Al Gore
Save the American coal Idustry and make America great again.If I lived in America, I would have given U my vote.
Climate change is the biggest hoax since Arson wells foold the nation by broadcasting that  Martians R invading America.
you've made America a laughing stock with your undisciplined childish behavior.  Hope you do well but probably won't
My biggest wish is that our country will still be integrated when your presidency is over. #nothopeful
"All of us as leaders can hold ourselves to the highest standards of integrity and decency.” - Paul Ryan, March 23, 2016.
you ARE mandated. your family should also give up their involvement. YOUR FAMILY SHOULD NOT PROFIT FROM YOUR POSITION!
MAK UR DIK SMAL AGIN
But you ARE mandated President Elect
I'm sick of the complaining people. We all are screwed by illegal bank Fed Reserve and corrupt presidents whom started wars
After all we have seen from the Obummer Admin, the threat of A Clinton return, up is a good place to go & go forward 
You actually are mandated to. And your children can't run the business either. Huge conflict of interest
make america great again   ,maybe made in china is written on the back
actually you are
I love all these Trolls who have no life...DT is our President, grow up and start contributing to a Better America!
encouraging rapid economic development as the basis for geopolitical stability http://bit.ly/2h3qKQG 
#العصيان_المدني_السوداني_19ديسمبر 
#Civil_disobedience_in_Sudan_19December
you got that right. You are not mandated for anything.
liar
Thank you sir.  On behalf of the people of Kansas,  If I can help you in Topeka, KS  call.

Peter Bellucci 785-845-0789
Twitter is for being succinct.
Liar!
Make America Great! Support the Sioux tribe in North Dakota! Stop the Pipeline!!!
Interesting.
America was great before you stopped doing reality TV. Go back where you belong.
when is the last time it was great?  Can you provide a time frame? #dumptrump #noracistsinthewhitehouse
than get off twitter.
please don't focus on us...65 million do not want you.
America needs God to be 'great' again, they need to return to the Covenant of  Jesus Christ ~
You actually are-emolument clause. Hopefully your multi-million dollar business is in a blind trust, not given to kids!
#resist Please just run away. C
#resist #sad The fact that a president elect chooses Twitter to communicate is sad
funny man,  "emoluments"

Of course, since it's only a few million $US of business I guess it's not that big a deal..
Pres elect Donald trump is a good man
Do you know what a fucking run-on sentence is? No?
@FoxNews btw, Fox.  this tweet isn't actually news or a headline.  it's a tweet by a guy known to tweet some crazy sh*t
@FoxNews u gotta release all ur taxes to be in the clear on this. No one will believe u but the Trumped masses otherwise.
Ok we will take u at your word. We want a blind trust or sell everything & your kids will not attend 1 more mtg. Your move.
people choice for http://a.smart  rich man to have his  own  business just do everything well for all if you want for your business
is your choice donald  you don't need it  change if you don't want. Just fix the country your business is not important..
you know Hitler just wanted to make Germany great again
the best way to help America is for you to go to mars and take you racist klan with you #onetermtrump
you're kids will continue to run it. We are not idiots. We see what you're up to
Awesome! Thank You! God will Bless You for It! Amen Praise Jesus!
@CBSNews @marcorubio @SpeakerRyan Please understand the difference between America & U.S., u r barely Pres Elect of U.S. K?
No need for speech. It's something that was expected by all Americans. What took you so long to figure it out?
@hectormorenco to our indigenous people we are ALL "immigrants". Time to honor them before we lose our essence. #NoDAPL
if you want to make America great again, listen to its original people..great wisdom and efficiency of resource . #NoDAPL
pls. reconsider your position on the pipeline #NoDAPL.  Business is useless without clean water or our indigenous people.
really!!!! You need help
such sacrifice. We are so grateful. #trulysad
you are a representative of the people, not a leader.
Give up
You smell.
great again?? pre-internet? pre-civil rights? segregation? what are you talking about ???
in case you didn't notice Barack Obama already made America Great Again. Loser!!
Please just do the right thing! Shake off all the Extra Noise!!!
Words/phrases Trump ruined for me:  great, terrific, disaster, the very best...others?
its all ready great.. It will be destroyed when u get ur hands on it.. Orange swamp bigot
They need to leave you alone it doesn't matter to me. It's just jealousy . Thank you for your great sacrifice !  Dorothy
Interesting the amount of Clinton Foundation donors that pulled away - what kind of favors were they expecting?
- Well at least you won't be able to bankrupt them...
No to Romney!!
befriending Taiwan is a great, huge, tremendous, amazing way to do this. Nicely done, sir!
Dear PEOTUS, I have been trying to reach everyone from my state Governor in Ca to lay makers anyone who will listen with
no answer back, I am disabled do to getting hurt while I was working this happen 9 1/2 yrs ago since then law after law
has changed no longer protecting the worker but only the insurance companies. We get nothing I will never work again
I am know 53 my son was 2 when I was hurt so much has happened to me the insurance company not approving treatment
stopping my income in turn put everything on my spouse he had to work 80 hrs plus we are fighting to keep our life but
it's an ever ending fight. You are my last hope before we lose everything.  I'm not asking you for anything except 1 thing
to hear my story and what I have lost along with millions of others. I would give anything If I to go back to work
but I won't ever be able too and with all the new laws in place we the truly injured workerwill lose and have lostevrythng
My vote Bob Corker Sec. of State!
It will be a good gesture but not enough for some and few will never be satisfied.
Stop twitter whoring and get back to work,
Indeed. Your sole task is to pillage the United States of America.
America is already great, please don't mess it up
you know, using Twitter so much just makes you look even more like an idiot
Support from Ljubljana/Slovenia :-) Many people in Slovenia have trust that You will do great job ! Congrat again!! :-)))
"not mandated to..." You've carelessly and inadvertently spoken the truth... NOTHING about your presidency is mandated.
great job Mr. President
Mr. President, thank You for bringing us the left site: https://twitter.com/2driveSTROM/status/805075079478452227/photo/1pic.twitter.com/hBPlzAo8L2 
it's much more effective with them...
you are absolutely mandated to sell your business. And by the way, it's not enough.
why did you have to validate yourself with the technicality? Can you handle criticism?
exito
the people mandate you to absolve yourself and your children from your business dealings...which is more important?
U r a liar and the media is going right along with u. Having ur kids take over IS NOT TRUE SEPARATION.
"be an ethical & moral citizen & represent all americans even if they did not vote for me"
民族歧视者都去死
你怎么不去死
I was already great because of OBAMA
America has always been great!  To not know this and to admit it shows Americans that there will have made a mistake!
a s s h o l e
@Holmesdonna1 
https://youtu.be/U3P_uNXGPwk 
@Holmesdonna1 
https://youtu.be/sW85ZcswiqM 
So thankful that you will be our New President. God Blessings for you and your family.
focus on all those double chins
Character Donald Character! Seek and te shall find...Maybe:-(
"Ok mom! I'll clean my room! But only because I want to and not because you're making me!!!!"
You mean make America "White Again". which is repulsive
please start being more honest. What are you hiding? Nothing is what you say it is. It's your mojo..the guru of spin.
I have not doubt your wealth will grow in leaps and bounds while potus
And besides, if you don't start by firing that wise guy Mr. Banning, you will be terribly  & lose your direction @realDonaldTrump
When was America great? This country was built off of manipulation, slavery, Hatred , racism, pimping, and drugs ...
I love you but wondering if you are moving your merchandise being made in other countries back home???
Perfect BLIND trust. No kids. #realdonaltrump
time for "Move http://On.org " to move on so we can make America again.
I really thought you were going to prove people wrong and really make America great again
"great business" how many times have you filed for bankruptcy?
Liar.
#notmypresident America is already great.
lovely man
what is your definition of "MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! "you can say it all you want but what does that mean to you?
You are a fucking liar!!!
focus on #makingdonalddrumpfagain
Vets for Trump
please do what you're required to do (but look at the praise you're requesting!). And be sure it's not another lie
YOU HAVE NO MANDATE,
I'm raising money for Back to Africa. Click to Donate:  https://gofund.me/2ecd98we?pc=tw_cr_n … via @gofundme
Is real sir ,right here in Cameroon where i reside ,i can see America great again as from January 20th 2017.
you want to make this country great again? Only tax straight time. Don't tax over 40 hours from a worker
