You really are the lyingest liar to ever tell a lie. WTH is wrong with your head that u have to lie continuously?  Grow up
You have the effective intelligence of a burlap sack containing the world's dumbest ideas that was buried in a creek bed in 1907, recently unearthed, colored orange, dressed in ill-fitting clothes, and given an audience.
milions sir?that couldgo on your side with your connection to your buddy putin.
It is basic math. You did win the popular. We ARE the silent majority.
This again ... Mueller must have something pretty good on you ... can't wait to hear what it is (clink clink)
Yeah, right. Did your crack team of investigators led by lying @vp ever issue a report on this bullshit?
@BabesForTrump This is a Grand example of failure to see reality. DJT lives in a world of egotistical self indulgent wealth
Still gnawing on that bone?

and once you get them out of our country and elections the democrats will never win another election. even in California.
Haha you're such a jokester! Over 3 million MORE citizens voted for Hillary, in direct opposition to you. Liar.
yes,this is true, and they also cheated in many,many other ways too..as in write-ins and dead folks voting, multiple times.

How could you forget Bowling Green Massacre?
I'm a survivor and I can't believe you didn't bring it up
I am a survivor too. Still have nightmares about the things that I never saw.
I reported this account for dangerous propaganda - the level of which can cause damage to American citizens.
Rape and treason are bad for snowflakes.

Got it. Thanks.

Still singing this sad old song.
Pres Trump is correct again.  3 Million illegals in CA.. Drivers Lic issued to illegals. DL used for voter registration.
Cry protest do whatever but he will still be our 45th president. Thank God,stupid liberals!
. Keep lieing as usual. Fortunately some of us see through you.
cause you promised the world on a silver platter to everyone. Now, it's pffft!  That was just for the campaign show.
Nope
Still a lie. #LiarInChief #TrumpTreason #ImpeachTrumpNow
The onlybpeople caught voting illegally were YOUR supporters. You are the poorest winner I have ever seen! Absolutely
@az_valentine    ABSOLUTELY TRUE!!
it literally wasnt. you jumped on thay quick though.
If millions voted illegally - wouldn't that mean illegal voters voted you president? I don't think you thought this through...
Has thought nothing thru including his to pay off his women.
Since your team suppressed Democrat votes, the results would more than likely have still been the same.
Pay for your voter fraud panel with Ivanka's trademark money and the kickback you're getting from Aetna
Why cant we use RICO laws against these sanctuary cities and states? Its a felony to vote unless you are a citizen. Helping them vote is also a crime. There are many crimes these corrupt orgs can be charged with and rico could make it easier and increase the damages they owe.
That’s because this is a LIE!! People can be so gullible. If believed this is true, he would still be talking about how he was cheated out of the popular vote. Yet, there’s silence from his voter fraud committee. What ever happened to that guy and his ridiculous program?
Sanctuary cities are not a lie. 1.5 million drivers licenses to illegals is not a lie.
This is not about sanctuary cities though. This is about illegal voting. Stick to the issue.

ooooo this is a work of art!!!

This should be in a museum.
trump LOST the popular vote by more than 3 MILLION to Madam Secretary Hillary Clinton.
trump stole the oval office w electoral college votes.
trump will be impeached and jailed.
Repeat this 1000 times everyday, @realDonaldTrump
Er no. You would have lost by 10 million if the Russians weren’t involved
Thanks for the laugh! We all need it this week. You lost by almost 3 million. Have fun with that.
Wrong!
you didn't win the popular vote. If their was illegal voting then you won't mind a check of all votes cast? 1/2
get resl
Listen fool, if the popular vote is corrupted & not legitimate, then neither is the electoral vote…. Its the same votes. Keep this up PLEASE
Remember this lie?
EXACTLY!  You keep reminding these clueless liberals we're not taking it.  We demand accountability.
You are certifiably delusional
Even BEFORE election day this was a huge issue that our media chose to hide http://bit.ly/2ekTZg3 
http://truethevote.org/true-vote-election-integrity-project-ca-call-gov-brown-veto-motor-voter-bill …
@Scaramucci thoughts? Lol
the truth is
Of you deduct all the fake votes from Russia you'll realise that you lost by millions more than we originally thought.
As alway you are totally delusional!Nuts,Crazy,I think you had some voting machines rigged.Nothing is past you
This is one of your favorite lies, I'll bet. Shows what a crappy loser you are, as well as a crappy winner.
pathetic small man who can't even win an election without feeling insecure about it
I think this is the point you are being called on to provide evidence!!!  Or is it gross unwillingness to accept truth? @realDonaldTrump
@waxddaddy read for a good lol first then a good cry for our country second because the POTUS is this guy and he’s serious
This guy is crazy.
Yes you did!
picked the best party to lead because republicans find counting hard. He could never con a democrat, we value education.
In addition to losing the popular vote by over 3,000,000 votes, I have won the vote for defending  #RoyMooreChildMolester and the largest number of women and children sexually assaulted and raped  by me.
sooo...you want a recount?
FAKE POTUS. Get ready for jail
You didn`t win anything
DJT has the smallest brain and lowest IQ in concordance to his small hands, according to alternative facts.
TOTAL HORSESHIT!
You really should see someone about these delusions and loss of touch with reality #psychosis
#TrumpIsALoser
Now proved false
Holy Shit! Get over with your bad accusations. What an ego maniac!  Where's the proof!
Idiot! Electoral college hasn't met or voted yet! Most ignorant @POTUS in US history. be sure to thank #RussianHackers
LIAR. This is an easily disproven lie. You must live in a bubble of delusion if you think Americans buy this.
In what world do you live? Facts are real !!
You lost the popular vote bigly. Does that still bother you that 2/3 's of the country cannot stand you?
Idiot
@CNNPolitics @TheDemocrats @nytimes @CNN president is elected not selected.
DEPORT THE ILLEGALS - ALL
Huh?
looking back, all these salty liberal tears just makes the #MAGA even better.
trump says yet another lie.No evidence of this happening.trump just makes shit up.trump got nothing and he is now scared.
You lost the popular vote. #loser #sad

Dear God, is winning by lying, cheating, bullying, part of your plan? i can't believe that this is the work of your hand.
.@realDonaldTrump You're pathological liar, Donald Trump. Did this originate from your dad paying his servants' kids to play with you?
It's GENETIC he comes from a long line of THUGS THIEVES and a PIMP!!!
That is not correct.
DON the CON yet another lie Just like your landslide contentionThat would mean 400+ electoral votes Obama did better than U
Uh, no. You lie. The voters committing voter fraud were yours. You lost the popular vote. You. Lost. That. Vote.
Liar.
True
You lost the popular vote and now you are acting like an upset little boy and lashing out. Jesus - I wish you had therapy.
No bud--you lost the popular vote of Americans Citizens-  badly! 

#fakenews #trump #Fox #Hannity #rush #Gingrich #koch
what a wackjob you are- right up there with that crazy kid who runs  north korea
Wrong.
you're so unprofessional. There is a reason you're hated so much and it's not just bc you are orange and have bad hair
Yes Absolutely you did and you’ll do it again #Trump2020 #AmericaFirst #MAGA #KAG 
demand a recount and an audit.  Let's see the proof Don
is this a fake account or really Donald Trump tweeting this stuff?
Really this bullshit again.  You forget to take you pills today?  #UseThe25thAmendment
.@realDonaldTrump Which Trump are we getting? Gotta give it 2 him he's an unapologetic demagogue. He says what he needs to say to gain power

Wrong AGAIN little Donny Boy... Wrong AGAIN!
@POTUS worst President EVER!!!!
the facts from your statement are slowly coming to light. We will get the truth on illegal voters. CA.illegal voter leader
along with your Transgender son-n-law  who has been registered to vote as a female for at least 8 yrs!
Administration Sends
"@GOP #greencard holder to prison in #Texas"
@washingtonpost
lies lies lies lies lies, you would not have won the election w/out Russian intervention. Election was rigged! U didn't win legally
SO TRUE!  There were illegals dropped off in VA just to vote against you,& it goes without saying that California did too!
that's not possible. U aren't that popular. In fact everyday there are more and more that hate U. Ur the illegal in this.
#DickHoleDonnie
Did not win the popular vote (3 million) you got spanked yet struggle to deal with this. Reality is not just a show genre/title. Wake up..
churches are creating fake i.d.'s
keep trying Donald, but it isn't going to change the Real facts...just give it up!
your absolutely right Mr. President, I live in CA. Over three million voters where Mexican illegal aliens no I.D.
YOU ARE DELUSIONAL. CANNOT ADMIT *TRUE* DEFEAT!
SEE  WHO'S delusional when  country FALLS due to LACK of EXPERIENCE or  COMPASSION or MATURITY,  or ABILITY or.....
officials attempting to expose #voterfraud were charged with #votersuppression by #DepartmentOfJustice under .@POTUS 
.@GOP
HEY DUMBO YOU BELIEVE YOUR OWN LIES??? I DON'T
I am here for the #covfefe
Sounds like there’s a speeding train heading right at him! He’s earned everything coming his way 
I think he's gone over the edge. Certifiable and unfit. Must be removed for the good of humanity.

really? No one voted illegally...you have yet to provide a shred of evidence...you are a liar...but you are President...start acting like it, be respectful, stop whining. act like a big boy...I can't wait until Mueller rips you a new one...enjoy jail traitor
This is a very serious accusation. As a taxpayer and therefore your boss, I demand an investigation.
You lie, tiny hands!
not too long ago my family came to America from Europe.  I believe I am considered an anchor baby.
This election I voted for Hilldog, does my vote count?
You PE- Trump are absolutely correct ! We love you,MAGA 
I want to know how you will help people with disabilities

NOPE!! You lost popular vote!
Actually if you deduct the millions of people who are full of hate, too lazy to understand the issues and gullible, you lost bigly.
Please put down this toy. Use it judiciously. U provide too much fodder for the Nazi left.
as our president-elect, I'm sure you would never make such a serious claim w/out evidence? Can you share your evidence?
No, the majority of citizens never liked or trusted you for the White House job, my 11 year old grandson is would do better
nope, no landslide; your 306 electoral ranks 46th out of 58 winning electoral vote totals; 12th worst among winners
It's irrefutable - President Trump won by a landslide. We have 30 MILLION illegals in America, many who vote in our elections. The Democrat base IS illegal aliens. We can consider those millions of illegal votes null and void.
AMEN
Didn't anyone ever teach you it's wrong to lie.  It's also wrong to disrespect women by grabbing their private parts.
You are delusional.
i am assuming you are talking about the redneck hillbillies felons that held on to every bullshit lie you spoke,
Take your meds. Your delusions are showing.
I believe Trump won popular vote as well.  I agree deduct illegal voters and dead people and cheaters he won handily.
@TheRealDonald12 chief Navajo gets or picks CIA head. Don't go back on that deal
No one sensible should dispute election of Donald Trump He is the President of USA
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @CNN
This factless madness shows @realDonaldTrump to be unhinged. If PresNixon had a Twitter account it would not reflect this much paranoia.
@EdSkipper @realDonaldTrump The paranoia maybe from drug abuse (cocaine) or dementia. #Trump
Best not retweet this image. Makes Trump look like a hamster. @Enrico056 @carlbernstein @realDonaldTrump Might provoke a Twitter rant.
Is this real?
You can find the image here: http://www.vox.com/2016/10/12/13234224/donald-trump-jill-harth-sexual-assault … @CarolynnHagstr1 @Enrico056 @carlbernstein @realDonaldTrump
Please, as the leader of our country by DEFAULT...GROW UP!!!
Are u on crack again. U better clean up before u & liddle Donny go to jail. You may want to stock up on K Y also. TicToc #mueller #fakefoxnews
So does reality ever break through your stupidity there Forest?
You won the Electoral College, but you still lost the popular vote, so you can’t be fired but you are still a loser!
#alternatefacts 
So why don't you inform the general public in how you were able to discover that millions of people voted illegally
???????

Beware...the #FakeNewsMakerInChief is peddling Fake News again.
This one qualifies for the first ever TRUMPIE Award for fake news, AKA as lying.  @realDonaldTrump is seriously unhinged.  #25
@SpeakerRyan Saw 60min interview - if Speaker can't denounce this #TrumpLie with conviction, Republic is doomed. #GOPLies
“The truth is hard to swallow when you're choking on your pride.”YourStarvingInLaws
Those little people talking in your head go nonstop. You should see someone for that.
Yes you !!
 He could only dream of having someone like me in his head. He’d be as intelligent as he says he is.
What crap!
Popular Vote loser @realDonaldTrump
AMERICA FIRST YESSS MR PRESIDENT MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. INAUGURATION DAY 2OTH OF JANUARY 2O17. GOD BLESS AMERICA
You are truly delusional. Get over it! You LOST the popular vote! #LockHimUp
so much manure in such a small place!
DT nobody likes you !! That's why you lost the popular vote by 3 million. The only type of fraud I see is on your parts
