I'm a big supporter but you aren't draining the Swamp . You are just changing names
you need some people with govt experience but good thing is, Trump dumps those who don't get the results he wants!
But Mitch McConnell 's wife!!!! Are you kidding??? I hate McConnell so bad. If Romney gets in I'll die
I hear ya! He's got to keep campaign promises or it will be a tough sell to me. Still have faith so far, we shall see.
That was the most disgusting "presidential" speech in history. Y do u keep talking about urself? Do u ever consider others?
Christy didn't listen I guess. I heard "Americans" more than anything else.
U apparently didn't hear how many times he talked about his "win." & how great he is.
 your tour!
who cares

Obama, should watch it https://youtu.be/f71xB1SPZMQ 
Trump is right This is what Iraq war did a chaos, pain and civil war very sad
Serious very very serious. https://youtu.be/bOjX-o9axmw 
Lock up Al, LMFAO. Why else are you disappointed with the Don?
Please come back to Texas!  We love you Donald Trump!
you are a con!!!
@mike_pence Is this real? https://www.facebook.com/WakingTimes/videos/1168285329917880/ …

Like this tweet uf you likr Trumps Ameri a
Passing by Dallas Texas we would love to see you
@NeilTurner_ Make France Great Again! Elect Marine Le Pen!
His easily-conned supporters have no idea what they just did. #GildedAge
In 4 years he'll say the problems were bigger than I thought, I need 4 more. They'll believe him!
why, to hear a racist, bigoted rant on how you are going to personally bully businesses? Where is "deregulation"?
don’t you have a new job to get prepared for?
Shhh...@MichaelEGrunder @realDonaldTrump is behind by 2.5 Million in pop. vote, maybe he'll quit think he's lost. He's kinda dumb like that.
Enjoy
Shush

will you cheer for the Lock Her Up chants or nah
I laughed out loud!
It's amazing how CNN and the Democratic party are surprise by the way you engage and are making America great again.
THANK YOU MR TRUMP!!  We live in northern KY and proud to have you here in the greater Cincy area!!
just stay down to earth with American people and you'll do great. #ProudAmerican
when u hit Indy b sure to let ur rubes know they're paying 4 ur @Carrier 'deal.' & don't forget to tell'em how great u r!
Trump if I come can I stay in your bed daddy @realDonaldTrump
Real classy way to speak to a President-elect. If you're a snowflake or progressive lib then it makes sense.
hey maybe he can grab me by the pussy you fucking dullard @realDonaldTrump
Go away disgusting troll. You must be a snowflake dem who cried because he didn't get his way. Awww...boo hoo!!! Get over it!!
oh please, shithead stranger, tell me how to talk classily to a sex predator again; I think that's really classy behavior yourself.
Lol. You're one of those Clinton lemmings that believes everything he reads. Idiot.
yeah or what two dozen women said you fuckass
Lol
stop telling everyone everything you're doing. It's a security risk for you, your family, and the country
Please fight #climatechange. This is be THE ONE issue that will cement your legacy. You can save earth or destroy it.

YES

President Donald J Trump

Draining the Swamp of DC Corruption

#DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #DJT45
his transisiton team is 100% corrupt, the irony
will my tax dollars pay for you tanning bed sessions
I think are tax dollars go to a lot of things people disagree with. Fag
bite me deplorable
How to trigger Narcissistic Rage:
1) Challenge their demands
2) Point out shortcomings
3) Express doubts in relationship
Can't wait to watch and see what happens :) 
#MAGA. & thank u for #Carrier & honoring #police again

nothing wrong with President Obama being human
nothing wrong with Mr. #Trump being a hard working president who wants to put #AmericaFirst to #MAGA 
#recount2016 #AuditTheVote #notmypresident #grabyourwallets #TrumpFraud #StillWithHer
You won. Ask Keyllane it's true.
Don't worry about those boring intelligence briefings. Homework is for nerds! Bask in adulation!
What makes you think he hasn't had the intelligence briefings? He works all the time

Trump's "limited engagement" might be improved if intelligence briefings were presented to him in tweet form.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/trump-turning-away-intelligence-briefers-since-election-win/2016/11/23/5cc643c4-b1ae-11e6-be1c-8cec35b1ad25_story.html?0p19G=c …
when are you guys gonna give DJT control of his account again?

#recount2016 #AuditTheVote #notmypresident #grabyourwallets #TrumpFraud #StillWithHer
FOR REAL!!!
And he is about to become untouchable & never be held responsible ever again .Sad day for America 
darkness is truly descending upon us!
hopefully Trump can explain how Carrier is getting 7 million in tax breaks to come out of American pockets
Nah.
No it' doesn't..he's taking a victory lap for supposedly saving less than half of the Carrier jobs...he's a self serving ass
ya he didnt even realize  what he said, oh ya that is all he ever has done. Just a line of bullshit
We thank you for already being our President. Please choose Bolton for Sec of State!  No Mitt.
John Bolton or Rudy! #neverromney #neverromney
Dream Team: Rudy Attorney General & Bolton Sec of State.
We already have an AG right?
Yes! But Rudy is who I loved for AG or Homeland Security
I am so in hopes you can get the 10 year old little girl from Ireland who is autistic who has such an incredible voice to
Mr. President God Bless U & your family!  Proud to be American. Born in Venezuela but 100% American. Merry Christmas!!!
Have you actually called Bank of America HQ? (GET the mind of mechanism) "I have." -E. Law... Anyways I wanted to do adv.
God bless you sir
helllooooo HITLER
keep fighting President Trump we are doing everything we can to back you!!
is this because you realize the ONLY thing you're good at is being applauded?
whoa. Don't be that guy. You're a great actor/comedian. Don't alienate half your fan base.
that's kind of you but I'm also an American and I can't stay silent.
I appreciate that. And appreciate your response.  Much respect. And keep up the great work. You're awesome.
ty again. I admit I get a little hot here. Looked through your feed, you're a cool guy, hope to meet some day. Best,
if we ever meet, beer (wine?) on me. Thanks for all the laughs, especially on Cougar Town. Still waiting for the Tom spinoff.
a twitter exchange between two people who disagree and it ended in mutual appreciation??
it's a Christmas miracle
yeah, nobody doubts you have some deep rooted Daddy issues
you went from having a cordial disagreement with another tweeter to being a jerk to this chick
Did you read her tweet? Take a gander at her timeline? I'm fine with lobbing a jab at her.
what is it that you don't like about her timeline?
her complete disdain for Obama, her hypocrisy over Trump, her contempt for alternate pov's, and little gems like this
like the liberals have not laughed at the ,paid rioters and women bribed to lie about Trump or havoc
uh oh - crazy egg alert
Thx for giving big Corps reason to threaten to leave, good job! Now more US jobs will be at risk. #TaxBreaks for corps 
Candice, did you see the terms of the agreement? Carrier had to make some huge commitments. It wasn't one sided
i think corps get enough tax breaks as is. If corps & the rich paid their share, the other 99% of us would benefit
Tax laws have to change. GE pays zero tax, Warren Buffet brags his sec pays more tax. Ect. Congress refuses.
either way, the rich pay nothing. The middle class & poor do.
Did you know that the lower 48% of the population pays no Fed taxes. That the top 10% pays 90%.
@CondoleezzaRice @KellyannePolls 
Why @KellyannePolls is @realDonaldTrump first choice for Secretary of State...
ummm… No
Are u stoned or just stupid?! Why r u wasting taxpayer $ (security costs) on a self-congratulatory victory tour? #Resign
Inspiring rally!!! Go President Trump!
Uuuuuhhhhh no thx.
thanks for your Carrier deal. Only cost the taxpayers 7 million. What a "hero" you are
HRC lead in the popular vote past 2.5 million, NYT reported. Margin over DT is larger than that of 9 previous presidents
and the world will have peace thanks you MR PRESIDENT TRUMP
Great speech! I cant believe the drivel the media (MSNBC) is dishing out about the Carrier coup! It was brilliant. . .
Give working visa so those can work and go home. Track all workers. They have to pay income tax.  Create a new visa.
Pssst. Elections are over. Only losers and fascists need to keep holding rallies. Going the Hitler route?
Why is it necessary to use taxpayer money to give an old man another ego trip. He has enough people blow smoke up his ass
-like if u thought his speech in Ohio was just another example of someone needing re-affirmation b/c of no self-confidence.
You know you won, right? That you don't have to do campaign rallies anymore?

it was so great to see you! We love you from #Ohio! What a speech! 
Don't tell ISIS where to strike. Keep your whereabouts secret. We'd be lost as a nation without you. :-*
thumb your nose at the liberal dishonest press..give Chris Wallace, Hannity, Megyn your exclusives
Liar, we got the real pictures... You can't stand it when no one shows up.... HAHAHAHAHA
You are still selling tickets??? You're a hustler!
heard it was nearly empty
A rally for what? Adoration? Does your fragile ego know that those days will soon be over? Here's some help.
Dude you were already elected.  Probably a good idea to work on your cabinet and policies instead of public masturbation.
why do you still "Rally" if  you won?
Great Speech we are on our way! I can't wait until #Obama is gone from office #MAGA

#WRONG startin to miss your ego narcotics? Just commit to pointless rallies. Leave leading to the grown ups.
pose for a pic #manbaby
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GodBless #WeAreBehindYou
Great speech Mr President.  I'm finally a proud American vet again.
you realize some point you will have to work and not tour like the Rolling Stones.  Guess you have nothing better to do
https://www.facebook.com/pg/TrumpFanNetWork/posts/?ref=page_internal …
I would rather attend a Shit Fight... in January...than one of your sick rallys,
#MerryTRUMPMAS & Happy TRUMP Year
keep going and bring America back
do your job!!!!
donald trump is a friend. Donald Trump is a genius.
Thank you Mr. Trump
Greetings from Chicago !!
please keep america safe by leaving.
If not, I'm voting for someone else in 4 years. People's lives have been ruined for less than what Crooked Hillary did.
Is ExxonMobile going with? Handing over Secretary of State to ExxonMobile? Hubris is catchy isn't it?
oh making money off the few that showed. Line your pockets off the backs of hard working Americans who actually pay taxes.
@mike_pence @LouDobbs Congrats on speech. However, pence's relationship with ryan in undermining u as pres., Ryan must go.
Hope you'll be in Texas again! I'd love to see you live
Best speech ever.  We are definitely going to have the best president of all time.
tax returns?!?
Thank you PRESIDENT ELECT TRUMP for your THANK YOU TOUR! LOVE how you are BYPASSING the CROOKED MEDIA ( excluding FOX)!!!!!
gotta milk em for that money still lmao SAD
Hilary Clinton's popular vote lead just passed 2.5M.
そんなことより家の大掃除はしたのか？僕はちゃんと手伝ったぜ、窓ガラスを十四枚も拭いたからなぁ。
delete your account
adult 'man' calling himself 'mad dog'? Hahahahaha
Why not ask the remaining employees at Carrier to take a pay cut to keep their jobs or be unemployed.
who gets the money from tix?  Sounds like a Clinton scam if you ask me
This is the man we are supposed to respect ? REALLY ? Bloody hell NO ! DUMP THE LUMP TRUMP !
u need buy a ticket for the rally
keep paying company's with tax payers $$ to stay in the US. Oh it's gonna be ugly..ALL THE WORLD MUST LOOK ADORINGLY @DT 
brilliant idea to go straight to the people. God bless USA.
Feel free to come to the great state on NJ. We won't yell "Lock her up", but we will be yelling at you. #PrezDouchebag
1. ComplacencyKills.NeverTRUMP!NeverStop http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/10/the-trump-tapes/503417/ … 
“GrabThemByThePussy.YouCanDoAnything"
he needs the attention
hi Donald thank you so much for your effort and services .  My family and I did vote for you.  Thank you
A majority of America rejected DT, his campaign against.Woman, Hispanics, and Muslims. DT loser in Chief Not our President
Why do you want to kill the sick, poor, and old by killing the ACA, Medicare, Medicaid, & Social Security? Eugenics?
what a Wonderful speech you did in Ohio,  We are so Proud to have you as OUR President.
why live in Massachusetts Waltham I think you good elected president and president I wish I could join you
the election is over, in case you haven't noticed!
when are you doing your Thank You RALLY in RUSSIA!
#NeverRomney Better choices than Mitt. Please don't...
.  Make sure to plug all your personal businesses and spread your brand around. #gottapadyourpockets
Rally for what?  You were already elected.  Unfortunately.
- n
Donald, ur not bringing in the crowds of yesterday, huh? Maybe ur supporters r finally seeing that ur a liar and cheater. @realDonaldTrump
people have to pay to see you?  ass end of an ass.
You mean the HALF EMPTY arena in Ohio!  #minorityPresident trailing HRC by 2.5 million votes!
Liar.
#whinylittlebitch
I find it highly amusing that the arena is barely half full. My echo is taking up more room than your neo nazi supporters.
Why are you holding rallies? You've already been elected. At least pretend it's not all about your ego.
sooooo YOU ARE on "tour" and the REAL President is lighting the national Christmas tree #FuckYouTrump #NotMyPresident
You know where else there were some really great rallies? Nuremberg.
did watched it, was enjoying it and been positively impressed.
when will you bring back your business to America?? Lets talk about that!
Who gets the money of the tickets?
Couldn't sell it out, big boy?
.    Great speech in Ohio can we work on making English area national language
Why is @realDonaldTrump still doing rallies?
Thank You to show everyone who believed in you they are right !and the others are Democracies are dead Wrong!
Over 1700 Full Time JOBS Across America! More Added Daily! http://www.abelconnect.com 
trump was great in Ohio..victory speech..make america great again..I am from trinidad and say make america great..
Mr Trump pourquoi certain citoyens ont ils peur de la façon dons vous allez géré la politique étrangère ? Quel programme?
You could just turn to the camera and tell your supporters "thank you." Just like you said "stop it."
Mr President I love you I like your principles I pray God to guide you ameen
Sooo excited about what's yet to come!
too far away , lol Thank you and Mr. Pence counting the days !
Fans already turning their backs on u? Have your ignorant fans forgotten how great u r? Less than 1/2 full is really bad
shouldn’t you be busy figuring out what is going on in this country instead of doing your victory tour?!
love to but to many fires in Michigan dealing with Bloomfield park, Oakland and those who use power for themselves not USA
what kind of narcissistic BS is this? a rally? the campaign's over and you lost, so go sit down!
you really need to make a trip to Gatlinburg, Tn. They need your help in the most terrible way.
fool
great speech
You know you have heard Trump do this !
the time for rallies is past. The time for you to do the job you were elected to has begun. Stop stroking your ego & do it.
