You're a hero.  I hope you do #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTheEstablishment
I don't know, man. I think I know a FEW ppl w/more respect for women than you. But just a few #Election2016
you sure don't show it.
Please for the love of country.  Focus on how you will help make the country better than defending your self. We need u!
* winner
how do you say "make America great again" in Spanish?
jajajajajaja
#lyingdonald
Jack the Ripper had more respect 4 women than u.
Move on please.  Get back to the American issues. Let your attorneys handle this issue on the women
@miltday1 So were you lying about Sexual Assault on or off the bus?  Still don't need Gods forgiveness?  Liar!
Your victory expected by a lot of french people
God bless you \○/
All of us "fat, unattractive" women fail to agree...
TRUMP & WE THE PEOPLE PUT R HEARTS INTO MAKING PEACE 4 AMERICA-R WORLDHILLARY CARELESSLY NEGLECTED DUTY 2 PROTECT FOLKS
We're not interested! Time to get off the stage! 
Lmao ...just grab'em by the Pu#$y right Don
liar
this is to side track stay on message
that is what they do, lie...convenient that it comes out the day HRC emails are dumped..no one reports on
.@realDonaldTrump @seraphimmoon13 It it were true, it isn't, it would be "than I". Looks like your Wharton education isn't worth a shit.
i dont get it
I show my respect by grabbing them on the pussy.
You have no respect for women. Just look at the way you talk about them if they disagree with you. You respond with insults
juat focus on the many women you have in power positions in your company, and the smart, capable women in ur personal life.
Yes, you did.  You did exactly what you bragged about.  You're a lying hypocrite!
Steal the election? Practically a tie. Clinton got more actual votes, though Trump electoral votes.
It's so sad that he's still fixated on this.
quit saying no one has more respect for women. That's false. I'm not a HRC fan, but you've proven lack of respect of women
YOU WERE LITERALLY CAUGHT ON TAPE SAYING YOU GRABBED A PUSSY YOU FUCKING LYING PIECE OF TRASH ARRGHHHHHH
hahahahahahahahaja!!!!
I don't think the word 'respect' means what you think it means.
Yet you want the public to believe every crazy-ass conspiracy theory you spew.
you are such a liar!
everyone has more respect for women than they do for you.
Your words precede you.
@lovemrpibb2 YOUR ALLERGIC TO THE TRUTH TRUMP!
Sorry if we're not willing to take your word on this.  Shaming your accusers is no way to gain trust. #LittleMan
you need to move on or you will not win.  Study for debate. This debate could make difference in election. #TrumpPence16
Same words came out of Bill Cosby's mouth too!  There are way too many complaints to not be true.
You respect woman so much you grab them "by the pussy" when they don't want your attentions. #pussyfightsback2016
and yet you call Hillary the devil... sure got a lot of respect for women
Sign of t TIMES, Everything TABLOID STYLE,UNFORTUNATELY EVEN t NEWS & POLITICSBIG SHAME

1st, you brag about your hideous behavior to Billy Bush. Then, a slew of victims come fwd to confirm it—but THEY'RE lying?
love you Mr trump
Yes DooDoo we see the respect you have for women with Megan Keely&former Miss Universe contestant

sounds like a spoiled teenagers excuses for something they know they did.  Sad....enough!
Why don't we ask Melainia? Oh hell nobody knows where she is hiding, she copied FLOTUS and then copied HRC in forgiven you
oh dear. Did you forget to take your anti-psychotics today? Again?
Funny that; with BC's accusers everything true, with your accusers nothing is true? Despite your own words?
PLEASE just talk about the ISSUES & HILLARY'S EMAILS! They do this 2 u as a DISTRACTION FROM HER TRACK RECORD!
maybe for your desire to objectify

#thehypocrisyisreal
#Accountability 
#fuhrerinchief
#notmypresident 
#lovehasnolabels
totally made up huh?  Like all the bull shut "scandals" of Obama and Clinton?
LOLLLLLLLL
I totally Believe You Mr. Trump.....ive never known you to lie....Trump for President
....

Is that why u call strong women who stand up to you “nasty,” “fat pigs,” “dogs,” “slobs,” etc., because u have so much respect for women?
These are words YOU have acutually said on TV or radio, in magazines/newspapers, on Twitter, etc., and can be proven and not “made up.”
The truth will set you free. Try it.
totally repugnant-really gloria? So you got up that morning & this is the best you could do? What a waste
dont u find it funny that it didnt come out till u were a threat to her thats just now why not when u first went in race
Pause...he reflects to himself...
"Why does the  not believe me? Such that I am compelled to defend myself...in a tweet?"

Funny, that’s what Harvey Weinstein is saying.  Modus operandi of sexual assaulters.
lol! And I'm Queen Elizabeth
You are the ultimate Hypocrite calling out Weinstien when you and your family were right there laughing it up with him socially.
...this is all BS ...WHY WAIT SO LONG AND DO IT NOW ...THEY ARE FULL OF BS.
Uh huh
talk about made-up nonsense
I know that you are a respectful guy and a real gentleman. Most people know what their up to.  @KatieKatieo1203
You will be found out.We know you have a problem with women.SICKO#your kids are no different#Kushner bought
You are SUCH a liar!!
can you give me an example of how PC is bad?
Lessee, used to silence free speech? Check. Used to avoid, silence opposition to itself? Check. That's two.
how is your free speech abridged in any way?
If I say what I mean, even if it is in no way offensive, but it labels any group, I'm a racist/sexist/etc.
but who is stopping you?
Hmm... Let's see, people like you, the media, pretty much anyone who supports PC "culture"...
again that is who. My question is how?
except when you are quoted saying you don't respect women.  You are a sham.
And maybe Ted Bundy. He has more respect for women than you. https://www.amazon.com/Sugarplum-Zombie-Motherfuckers-Tim-Lieder-ebook/dp/B01LZWTZ5E …
not true Donald.  I want you on a lie detector..
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah.... you big orange jerk.
And Bulls hit reaps from your mouth
lies, lies, lies, lies and more lies. YOU SAID YOU ASSAULTED WOMEN. No one DISRESPECTS them more than you.
keep telling yourself that
hello just want to say your mouth like like a camels penis hole
You said you did these things.  Now Billy Bush lost his job.  If you said it, you did it
The way you lied to us just to get in power, I don't believe you any more. You don't work for America
Why you always lyin
and us deplorables

Mr President You don't need to prove anything else about this woman. And stay focused on the DEVIL= HILIARY.
#RoyMooreChildMolester #grandoldpedophiles
oh really?
=bill cosby
by "respect" you mean "handfuls of pussy".

Lololololololololololololol
That last line is a particularly outrageous lie & an insult 2 most Americans. Respect 4 women, doesn't allow #SexualAssault
Actions, 45, not words.  Actions!
http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/10/18/6-people-just-stepped-forward-corroborate-people-reporters-trump-rape-story/ …
sou tua fã lindo
now your hotels are losing customers.. my oh my.. You are done!
Fortunately for us all, very few of the population have more of your traits than you do.
little Donnie the saddest comedian.
GRAB THEM BY THE PUSSY!!!!!
You mean nothing more than groping? No anything? You realize, you will be losing some votes from your base.
really!
Unless it's your wife, when you have documented affairs with other women...
is that you in the hoodie?
Fuck off pervert!
Yes, your long track record of misogynistic comments really proves no one respects women more than you.
liar liar pants on fire! #losertrump
Your mother didn’t love you.
Drop it will you and get on the issues or you will lose this election!!!! Enough already...no one believes this junk.

Well then Mr Sociopath
That would mean that NOBODY has respect for women
WikiLeaks has found this was planned since May by the Democratic Party.
We know. Pivot to the great life we can ALL have if you're POTUS and horrible with Crooked Hillary. We all deserve better.
thank god that's not true.
lie again

c'mon champ you are a billionaire with one flamboyant lifestyle.. u want us to believe u didn't grope those $$ we forgive u
.@realDonaldTrump *incredulous laughter from the world* #response #BornYesterday
Where's Melania???Calling Melania, come out, come out wherever you are hiding.
I think MOST people have more respect for women than you do! You have to prove that statement for it to be true...
Don, you've got dementia. Get help.
TRUMP & FRIENDS(MILLIONS CHRISTIANS-GOOD FOLKS OF OTHERS FAITHS) WTH GOOD TWEETS VERSES CLINTON & HER CORRUPT MEDIA COHORTS
If nobody has more respect for women than you, then I'm changing genders (that's an adult word for sex, Don).
did you say that with a straight face?
Where is the irrefutable proof u were providing b4 end of day?
#TrumpLies #Trump2016 #DumpTrump #NeverTrump #
if you think nobody respects women more then you we need to drug test you because you must be on some good shit...
everyone has more respect for women than you do Donald.
liar
Where is your proof that nothing happened?  Just saying it doesn't make it true.
Shocking but many don’t care Trump is a sexual predator. OK, but nobody actually believes him, do they? After he confessed?
a person who has respect for women doesn't talk about them the way you do
you know it happened and you bragged about.. or are you a liar

who can believe anything you say?  Liar, liar, liar.
You show no respect for http://women.You  call them dogs. Everyone heard the audio tape. It was you.
No one believes your lies.
also, ask HRC how broke when left WH, how do she make all that money, she didn't sell a product invent anything...
Trump will have greatest chance of winning tonite Tarot of WuWei http://www.savingusall.com/ClintonDebate.html … http://www.savingusall.com/TrumpDebate.html …
no one is saying "lock him up". However your rape trial is coming up along with your fraud trial. #LoveTrumpsHate
- Let you tell it, NOBODY has more "anything" than YOU. Really???
how dare you say you have more respect for women than anyone! You just want to grab their pussies!
is that why you run around grabbing them by the pussy? Respect? If so please stop "respecting" women :/
America should stand for you because you represent the true America
Erm. You might want to look that big word up. R.E.S.P.E.C.T.
nobody has more respect for anything than me!! BAD!!
that's laughable
I BELIEVE YOU HAVE BEAUTIFUL WIFE THESE WOMAN CAN'T HOLD A CANDLE TO YOUR WIFE  ARE MORE BILL CLINTINS TYPE
FN KNUCKLEHEADS M WALLACE-OTHERS THINK INTEGRITY OF R VOTING SYSTEM(FRAUD & ALL)IS SOMETHING WE MUST BOW DOWN 2TRAVESTY
this is a joke right
Pervert
don't worry you'll win
You mean nobody has more respect for you than you.
GRAB EM BY THE PUSSY DONALD!!!!! MERICA 
Let's not forget @billclinton, he actually raped women! But media seems to be reporting that S much as this
I wish so much a way to tell you privately info my husband,frmr FBI Agent in Whitehouse during Clintons, confided in me
if the problem is they came out now if you think system is rigged why did you bring it up now
Now one of the women is suing poor Donnie.
given your numerous comments about women, you've just set the bar very, very low indeed.
here's one answer for ya
Maybe you could start showing some of it, then... #bloodcomingoutofwherever


