keep tweeting we love it. It is our the people's form of communication with the new president.
stay simple and be the greatest POTUS ever don't let Washington turn you into them thx your support
you might be good human being,but not for the Oval Office. Sorry!!
"they deserve for cleansing of any drug annihilations,as model of our people where they served, public figures
"we might soon conduct high-end apparatus for random drug test to law enforcers,federal employees,politicians
" we touch about DRUGS,all entertainment people,1st consumers are sad.. their protectors/suppliers affected.
Donald Trump president 2016.
Women care most about their children Donald talk about their future with Hillary
yes please do watch Pence you might learn some politics and foreign policy and what a leader should look like
Lawsuit Charges Donald Trump with Raping a 13-Year-Old Girl
what you said in private was supposedly outrageous but rappers say the same thing and make money off of it SMH
never quite,  never give up. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Let's talk Pussie. Hell Yeah
What a winner. Go possie talk. Nice to hear that out of a mouth of a president won a be. lol.
@IvankaTrump did your hear your daddy's  latest tape? He wants to do the same to u and your sis. Proud of him?
no one should he surprised at latest Trump tape. He says the same about his daughters. Pence/Ryan support him.

trump stand for himself , Hilary stand for America .
dump trump
"there are big overhauling/cleansing of all BUREAUS,AGENCIES,PEPARTMENTS personnels...
what does Mike say to Trumps adultery?
how does it feel to have a running mate who can't defend you?
In debate with Clinton tell her "A flies only option is to scour the garbage to survive" Dirty fly!
#paysometax #taxcheat
fuck mike pence
Bad job. Handed it over to your staff almost immediately.
.."MEDIA personalities,Celebrities(in all ages) involved in drug used/drug trades to fellows.protectors inside"
Class act all the way.  Outstanding VP choice.  Loved it!
why? All you will do is lie about him doing well.
Great? Gag. When you are the president, then indicted, impeached and convicted... would you want Pres Pence?
I am from Virginia. We will  vote for Mr trump and pence. Make America  great
I would have thought you were a 13 year old troll if your name wasn't attached. Not helpful Donald
watched the debate last night. now i'm waiting for mathew, to hit us all good, here in florida .
Pence did a FAB job against looney Kaine, HOWEVER no candidate could have succeeded like TRUMP !
It's been reported you were disappointed n his performance. Personally I disagree & HOPE U learn much from it!!
your VP did excellent job and he won now keep it up Mr Trump
after that media performance get out of the debates. Quit taking left wing abuse
Who gives a crap what you do during normal waking hours. It's what you tweet at 3am that freaks out the universe!!
Mike Pence did GREAT in the debate. Kaine was on some kind of bad speed ...
Repeat your plans to fix the budget and the fix the country.
Time to do the math on Hillary:

20 million students @ $50.000/yr = $1 trillion/yr
you should take a lesson from him tubby, how's that BMI?
AND once again, you have demonstrated that you are #Unfit for #POTUS.  #VoteBlue #ImWithHer #ClintonKaine
Great job last night on the debate! I am a very proud Trump Pence supporter!! Kaine did a terrible job!!!
GREAT ?!?!
worst governor next to Scott walker
Pence just lost most of the women vote for you. Women are for choice
perhaps the GOP should have a change of heart abs switch the ticket around? Just saying!
Are you sad he did so much better than you ever could?  You should be...you have no business running for Pres.
. Can u tell the People that no matter if the Rich pay taxes or not. People get paid no matter what. If the WORK

Dear Dear. Trump. This time U did a Hillary when she was thrown on her Van. U LOST it. Did U Pass Out or What
Lyin' Pence. Trump on video saying horrible things and Pence denies it.
zinger missed
When ask about North Korea, I wish you had said 
MAYBE WE SHOULD RELEASE TRUMPS TAXES

I  you President Trump 
- Things money can't buy: Character, Manners, Morals, Common Sense, Trust, Class, Respect, Patience, Integrity
If anyone missed Tim Kaine last night, this sums it up
Thank you Gov Mike Pence for speaking the truth about the "Dire" condition in our country. MAGA!!!!
"multitudes of people like a sheeps without Shepherds...what the hell they are doing in ADMINISTRATION$.."
probably watching to make sure your PUPPET says what you told him to
We're ALL sick of your live tweeting.  BORING!  #DontheCon, #DumpTrump, #TrumptyDumpty

Mike Pence was spectacular!  Win!
Mike first a Christian must have made a deal with the Devil you sat there and lied for Trump Christian parttime
the two of you make me so happy I'm Canadian you're both idiots!! I shudder whenever you open your mouth!!
hey Mike I thought you were first and foremost always a Christian how to get back a man like Trump
pence rocked
Hey genius, they guy that prepared your taxes is 80 now, you only signed it
I wouldn't be surprised if Hillary people say you got your money by killing leprechauns atthe endof the rainbow
I'm really getting bored and tired of the lying shit that comes out of the Hillary and her people's mouths.
U Should Win... amen

because he is running for president not trump. Oh my! Blah blah...
good job mike! Keep bringing up that point that Hilary thinks she is above the law. She has no regard for laws.
pls stop tweeting Gov Pence u rocked
He did a great job!! Say no to Killary!!
Great Gov. Pence! Check out the record WOMEN! As woman I would be a Pakistani female in that state!
lets put money back in our pocket. Thanks for being you and saying what so many think and dont say.
Great debate tonight except for pesty guy who interrupted all night Thank you M Pence for such great composer
Why not let the poor guy have some peace...
@riotta @mike_pence one President first must be correct and pay taxes but not be an illusionist
Mike did a good job, he was great! He was the best. Go Mike
Shut Up T Rump...you have a severe case of NPD...
I wish it never ended ,it was such a joke to see kaine GRIT his teeth and get triggered hahahahahaha
You won my vote tonight
The media twists everything you say so if you know this, why do you continue to hurl insults at your opponent and her VP?
OMG the #CognitiveDissonance and projection is astounding, Bubba.
he threw ur ass under da bus both of u r creeps
you need to expand on the fact that you KNOW how to surround yourself w/the right people to make our country a superpower
He won. Looked like a VP and Kaine looked angry and annoying 5th grader who flunked 5th grade.
what a big liar. Did you forget that lying is a sin Mike?
Donald for President
Mr. Trump, we love your brash persona, but Pence looks Presidential!! Love you!!
, as if you have any veracity at all!
#AblekilledKaine
Retweet it
This is how serious the World sees a Trump/Pence government
Birds of a feather flock together ...little angry birds  @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
Mr. President-elect Trump, please review Governor Pence's performance tonight, take good notes. Good stuff!!
pence was never a great govener he was a huge disgrace!
don't forget Clinton pres 1995... Blame the loss on their regulations on businesses
I like how you say, clips of your actual words is a campaign of Insults and lies. If it's you saying it and it's a lie well
i
You said you were smart for not paying taxes, I agree but you do! However you employ thousands that do, Hello!
Hopefully @realDonaldTrump will follow Mike Pence's example on how to handle when getting attacked in a debate!
you trained Pence to be a good liar ex kept he was smoother than you.
brilliant choice!
I enjoyed watching you get spanked.
Pence did great!  Maybe you should trade places & let him run for President?  He was awesome tonight!  Great choice, Don
looser
I am so looking forward to it. #LockHerUp
Pence is dangerous!
It worked. Hillary is the donor-supported candidate unable to effect change
He blew it, didn't he!!  He cannot defend your ignorance....
great job Mike Pence!!
HRC must have paid lot of people to attack u on twitter..Dont stop there's more of us than there is of them.

Not so great. Pence didn't pivot to the important Hillary flops, her bad judgment & lies.
Great pick for VP 
Pence won debate. Don't trust media reviews..watch the FULL debate ...then decide
what the difference he will have no say in your gov you know it all
if I had been Mike Pence, I would have shoved my Mike down his nasty talking!   You go Mr. Trump!
PENSE can't defend trump  but he gets credit b/c he had stayed CALM???? what?
"Great" compared to what?
Mike Pence did a great job tonight at the http://debate.Gov . Cain kept interrupting Pence and that's wrong.
Abortion is not an option for birth control. Women can CHOOSE to use contraceptives. Go Trump/Pence!
Mike pence is our next vice president ok Kaine you can go back to women restroom
Mike did a classy job of fending off that creepy guy with the crazy eyebrow
it was quite enjoyable watching pence squirm defending the actions of a sociopath!!
Mike Pence won the debate!! I'm proud to be a supporter of Donald Trump & Mike Pence !!!
Donald put down the phone!!! Pence is an eloquent gentleman and did a great job
Gov Pence was masterful and loyal.
…Bravo!!!  Kaine is a weenie.  
Notice Pence didn't support or defend DT
You can tweet us the rest of your porn collection later tonight! 
Penceis so classy & was amazing!!
I bet donald trump looks at himself from a mirror in his lap, how many times did you #trumpsniffles this time?
Mike Pence is awesome
The nations next Vice President-elect won that debate.. Vote for #TrumpPence16 Make America Great Again
pence proved he can work across the isle and is cool headed
mike pence has no plans like you and you guys make me 
#TRUMPENCE 4EVER
pence won
Mr. Trump, Governor Pence is a real gentleman. Kaine an idiot!
GREAT JOB MR. Pence!
KAIN IS THAT TYPICAL HORRIBLE LAWYER THAT REPRESENTED YOUR WIFE AND TOOK YOUR LAST PENNY!.. 100% SHYSTER!...
ok trump start reading all the polls that Pence won. Ha ha
Really Donald Pence is the best you can do he does not defend you well.  He makes you look stupid maybe he runs
please make it clear that you support women!
Hillary doesn't give a shit about our soldiers, then you make a FUKD up comment about PTSD. WTF is wrong with you two !
Mr VP you kicked Kane's ass great job
Kaine is a joke.
TROLLS WANTS TO HIDE BEHIND HILLARY'S LIES.
Pence is doing AWESOME
Where U at Rump? Did they take your phone away & lock you in a closet? See you at 3am # meltingnonbillionaire
and I certainly will not be listening( 2u Trump). C pain n Pence as he tries to support your views and actions?
please don't
she's done nothing but interrupt Pence and give Caine free reign to speak over him.
Pence is doing awesome!  Wipe that cateating grin off the senator.
someone needs to tell Tim kaine to go home
This narrator won't let Pence get a word in edgewise!
Please tell me you didn't say soldiers with PTSD are weak ? I've supported you from the start. Now I'm Fukn mad
Mike Pence is receiving a royal beat up in front of 40 million people, just another loser
Good job Mike on hammering the Iran deal. It is really clear Tim Kaine never even read it.
Mike Pence refuses to defend Trump and ineffectively attacks Hillary with lies.
Tim Kaine is beating the pants off of Pence.He is effectively outlining the policies of Hillary Clinton.
pence is lido g...big time
SO PENCE IS A QUACK TOO!! LOL
Tim Kaine is a disgrace!
Gov Pence is calling Kaine out on his lies. Both Hillary and Kaine appear to be liars who distract from reality
