These critiques seem to be lacking any ounce of substance at best. Hasn't Carter been there like--forever? @realDonaldTrump @VanityFair
It's a toddler throwing a tantrum.
No,  it's a real man defending his wife
Melania doesn't qualify as a best dressed feminist. She's too FEMININE! See it as a badge of honor dear FLOTUS
@realDonaldTrump @VanityFair
how long did it take you to write this with your tiny little hands
Is this the AFA Ian Shelton?
well @VanityFair  got 13,000 new subscriptions, so keep doing what you're doing, there is 65+ million subscribers out there
Ha,ha,ha,
Vanity Fair Visage / Freckles
go Donald
Our First Lady is stunning!  It was an evil plot behind the  poor taste snub from Vanity Fair - unfairness.
Melania doesn't need Vanity Fair to praise her she is like a princess. Michelle Obama can kiss Melania feet.
It's a rag that is as useless as a Sear's catalog...absolutely no saving grace.
I didn't even know this rag was still being published. Michelle Obama best dressed ? Not even April Fools' Day
I quit buying that rag years ago.  Maybe I should start a conservative fashion magazine. Hmmm
No big loss. You and Mrs. Trump deserve better treatment. You are loved and respected by this Phoenix family.
Seriously! Jealous much? Melania is the best dressed flotus ever... and gorgeous in jeans and a tee. Haters gonna hate 
It's time to start behaving like a president instead of a reality show host. Please stop. It's deflating.  @VanityFair
Jealousy is killing you all
Vanity Fair is riding high on its Trump feud http://mashable.com/2016/12/16/vanity-fair-trump-subscriptions/#UN4BSZ_1O05x … via @mashable
Dejó are buying  the snowflakes?
One needs to remeber that the Title starts with "VANITY" LOL vain, supercilous weirdos ever see their fashion editor? Melania is gorgeous. Lib women HATE THAT. they are freakenzoids compared to her beauty inside & out
Why can't we begin a two week moratorium on Trump mentions? Not a word, fake or not, for a fortnight. When he comes back from his own private world, his 'Trumpness' will hit folks between the eyes. Maybe then they can see what he really is.
Your tweets are so third-grade, dude. Sounds like "YOU'RE a poopy butt," waiting for the response "No, YOU'RE the poopy butt!"
Melania wins hands down!!
Melania doesn't need Vanity Fair to promote her she is like a princess. Michell O. cans kiss melanis feet.
VF tried to take a cheap shot at Melania, & shot themselves in the foot! and pocketbook
..Their a laugh. .It's like comparing a Roll Royce ( Melania ) to a dump truck (Obama ) hands down
has anyone changed your diaper recently?
wow youre a big C
is done.  FLOTUS IS TO GREAT OF A WOMAN. vannity fair you suck.  Go FLOTUS.  Love my First Lady Melania!!!
#BoycottVanityFair
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @mashable
Eeeeeeewwwwwww
poor little guy! He's grumpy! Must need his diaper changed!
By you  only,  he, he, he.
has anyone looked @ the numbers of how bad Trump did in the pop vote?  Way down, big trouble, dead! No talent, will be out!
No way, Hillary has the ilegals  pop votes , he,he,he,
It's my favorite magazine. Call your buddy Putin and stay off Twitter , idiotic tweets :P
start acting like an incoming president
He doesn't  have to act , he is a brilliant  pres.
lol @VanityFair subscription rate is going up up up. Also, you lost the popular vote by historic proportions.
Are you saying  the ilegals pop votes
now everyone knows your restaurant is terrible, and vanity fair's subscriptions are way up, so good job there
Ha !
You must know what youre smoking DH.
You'll be the president soon, act like it.
right on DH.

What poor numbers? @VanityFair broke a subscription record, thanks to you: http://thehill.com/homenews/news/310754-vanity-fair-breaks-subscription-record-after-trump-attack-on-twitter ….
Your wife is one of the most beautiful women on earth...class, style, intelligence and an adorable smile....
As always, President Trump has his act together!!!!
Jealous because we have classiest First Lady. Gorgeous and very elegantly well dressed
we don't need a list to know that Melania is ALL class
who cares ,anyone with any fashion sense knows Melania blows Michelle away!
Melania is the epitome of class and grace, says more about vanity fair than Melania.
Just pointing out...What a bunch of idiot's responding with their 2nd mentity lol.
Why don't you concern yourself about your low numbers. Maybe it's you that is failing
@VanityFair . . .I'm gonna resubscribe to your magazine today.  How does a president get involved with this stuff?  Shouldn't he be working?
No, no.  Not poor numbers.  But VERY GOOD taste.
Didn't Vanity Fair go bankrupt about 15 yrs ago?
They Do Love To Flaunt It
Mr. President all hack publications and news outlets will find out soon what not going along with the AMERICAN PEOPLES AGENDA will get them!
fake news
Did Melania make the "Best Undressed List"?.
Vanity Fair went full circus with Bruce Jenner in a bustier.  So no surprise that Vanity Fair is crashing.
Again the Toddler-in-Chief whining because someone in his Family was not honored. Wa Wa Wa
Best Dressed doesn't just mean wearing wildly expensive designer gear that the experts have chosen for you.
Right!  You are the one who will be out!
Obama was never a first Lady a first shemale maybe but never a first Lady
The only small numbers I see are your poll numbers and the circumference measurement of your hands.
Don't you have work to do?
Melania Trump is the other half of dumb and dumber
Your wife is beautiful. You're doing a GREAT job. I told everyone the day you announced you would win.
They certainly missed it when they neglected our First Lady on their list, but I don't like their mag. anyway
. You waste time on some really stupid crap.  Why don't you try acting as a President?
A surprise that u decry any mag, TV show, newspaper, etc., that doesn't praise u or yours? No class Melania
If you voted for Obama and Hillary I wish you would leave this country, you are all  childish and don't care about grandkids futures.
I would not line my parrot's cage with that nasty magazine.  My parrot has more class.
Now that 45 tweeted his displeasure, Vanity Fair's stocks will climb and its circulation will triple,
YOU ARE TRULY A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR. YOU WERE INVENTING YOUR OWN POLL.
Your numbers are way way down. No one likes u or your wife. Sad ex cuse for people. Numbers way down!!
my wife said she'll never buy another mag of theirs
Real surprise u decry anyone who doesn't praise you and yours? Porn star Melania still strutting without class.
Amazing Trump called yet another TRUTH!  Bye-Bye Carter. He clearly is seeing the downward spiral @Vanityfair
Wouldn't buy this rag to burn in my fireplace
Way down. Big trouble. Dead. No talent. Will be out. Ever tried looking in a mirror?
Mr president we voted you for America first. How could you be blowing places up whereas you don't want to house the innocents
Hilarious!. DT after election still upset at Graydon Carter for calling him a short fingered vulgarian in 1980's.
good reply Mr Prez media these days tries to work like a ivy climbing on the shoulders of popular people shame
Is if true that you're gay? @realDonaldTrump @VanityFair
Sounds like someone else I can think of...
Ironic isn't it Donald.  This tweet could describe your presidency perfectly.  

#RESIGN
Are the numbers as low as yours Lieutenant Long Tie?
we all know English is your second language but please at least TRY to keep up!
pathetic
Life and death are at hand and you are worried about your restaurant review. Pathetic excuse for a man. @VanityFair
Get over yourself!
.@VanityFair Has anyone looked at the really poor approval rating of @realDonaldTrump. Way down, big trouble, dead! No talent—will be out! 
you have time to tweet about @VanityFair ? Seriously? #DoYourJob #welltunedmachine #TrumpPressConference #Impeach45
Donald don't forget the great majority of Americans are against you. In your words: your ratings are flat!

Does your wife is half Eskimos?.
- so what's it to you, getting awfully worked up there for an old guy
: Donald Trump, you are a disgrace!!!
just like your inauguration
.@realDonaldTrump @VanityFair yeah and your wife looks great this month twirling around her diamonds. blink twice, melania!
Wow, who are you picking a fight with now?  Get off Twitter already!
Well Mr @realDonaldTrump I'll bet #'s 4 @VanityFairMX R up this wk thx 2 UR wife on the cover. Better get her under control
Just told Kal P., that Mama Grizzly (FLOTUS) got permission from a Fed. Judge to go after anyone who smears her
shouldn't you be concentrating on other things besides @VanityFair? #useless #worstpresever
You the # 1 always
Seriously, @realDonaldTrump thinks everyone is as dumb as his voters. Wants everyone to nod their heads when he talks. #sad @VanityFair
Has anyone looked at the inside of your brain to tell how much mental material you're missing and probably will never have?
I just subscribed - you are a tyrant and you are being installed by Russia. You are a Traitor & treasonous!
The MSM has to call his bluff! If it were me, I'd write articles referring to his returns and lie like he does until he PROVES me wrong.
hay que cerrar ese vulgar pasquin
Good use of your primary talent - world's best insulter-in-chief!  Other talents remain to be seen.
oh gosh did they wrote something that was true and hit home
 is that why u are firing all these press people
Who gives a shit Donald. This is of zero importance right now.
you need to stop trying to manipulate people for your own purpose simply because they don't agree with you.
this is literally the rantings of an old crazy man.
Who cares about Vanity Fair? Every second wasted on these topics takes away time you could be improving Americans lives.
@protesting2016 @VanityFair do u ever look at reality u come live my life for 3 months I'll do yours then we can talk 
no. no one has looked. they dont care what u think. duh?!?
Who cares? Don't you have anything better to do?
if only trump could lose that scowl. I would hate to wake up to that!
Says the dictator with the thin skin. You're fighting with press? Do your job dummy!!
Don stop worrying what the magazines say about you. You have greater details to pay attention to now.
I love it when this guy posts and youve got litterally thousands jumping on his ass to shut him up. Comedy Gold

funny how every publication that disagrees with you is "failing"
why does this concern you?
WHHHHHHHHA trump you don't like when a magazine calls you out just saying. Go @VanityFair
No y would anyone care about vanityfair magazine
Have you forgotten @VanityFair joined you in condemming Pistorius?
Growup Donald Trump!  Stop your whining!  I have seen 5 yr olds act more mature!  Shame!
Right!  I'll buy a subscription!  Poor snowflake, did someone hurt your feelings?
.@realDonaldTrump @VanityFair
grow up and stop trashing American businesses
they are doing great, Donald. I hear Trump hotels and products are losing big time, though
get over yourself the majority voted for Hillary & your approval rating lowest ever in US history
Thanks for the stats. PEOPLE can lose jobs. He is happy about this. More important is Sandy Hook #BuyVanityFair
You @realDonaldTrump attack the media the same way Hitler & Pinochet did& oh yeah Putin too did - are these your heroes? Fascist Dictators?
Your assessment of Vanity Fair inspired me to subscribe.  Looking forward to my first issue.
subscriptions way up!!!  And also NYT!
subscriptions way up!!! 
Biggest crybaby I ever seen in my life
has anyone looked at the fact that our PEOTUS isn't taken any intel briefings? Must not understand them! Sad!
@VanityFai take
here we go again ~ targeting an individual and business ~ hey bully-in-chief FYI a prez elect does not do that stupid
whi reads vanitfair, imbecile! Attend the briefings, get an education
LOL GROW UP - you are going to be ridiculed.  every one in this position is.  take it like a man. if you can
What BS!
your linguistic skills are horrific
tor gale cudi
"Way down, big trouble, dead!" Hey Mr. President elect, maybe you should try to speak in complete sentences.
they misty have wrote something bad about you. #thinskinned #smallhands
Merry Christmas
NMP
why are we letting these people waste the paper and the ink it's a vanity unfair use of our resources
This is behavior is far below a person elected President.  We will all suffer from this type of attitude. SHAME
I dunno, what they are doing lately, but they used to be a great mag, now, just a political hack! #salon
NOPE!
grill grille grill grill grille grille
@VanityFairhttps://www.vanityfairlingerie.com/https://www.vanityfairlingerie.com/https://www.vanityfairlingerie.com/
why, because they said something negative about you?  Grow up you child
i think I'm hearing many many vanity fair subscriptions being bought
What a pussy! Maybe he'll grab it, @FarizzleBizzle
Someone actually reads VF?????
Your effect on the spray tanning biz is devestating numbers way down people fearing they'll be tango'd like u.
Well with a name like Gaydon...#TRUMP #MAGA #ItsOurTime
-BTW, look at the numbers at your genius son-in-law's failing newspapers. He'll be advising you? Brilliant!
