Hi I'm Ivanka Trump and I Have a Special Relationship With My Dad If You Know What I Mean.
That was thoroughly disgusting ... if you know what I mean.
So is your fascist piece of shit candidate
Liberals are so crass, decadent and primitive.  Just like our liberal society is becoming. NO COMMON SENSE!
Maybe wipe the foam from your mouth before you tweet your garbage. Fuck you.
YOU invented a sick relationship between father & daughter ... F YOU, you hate-filled vessel of lonely bitterness.
If this were true, the family would be F'd up. They're not....
That family is very fucked up. Trump sons coke/whores binge in Reykjavik + killing endangered animals in Africa.
@wallsmart @IvankaTrump @WSJ @realDonaldTrump he'd put us in the toilet bowl. Good thing he won't get elected
theyre both gonna look like shit. Because theyre both shit. Not that complicated
and trumper is his left nut. What of it?
Such a NICE mouth! Typical classless liberal.

You're a real prize...rude to say the least Maybe stick with Bra fitting and Wine
Taxes!! .???
What about HRC's health report, emails.....
It is rough being a working mom right @IvankaTrump? Especially, when you were raised w/a goldenspoon in your mouth & you wear $3,000 outfits
hello
Don't really care what your opinions are
What did Ivanka think of her father today with his cyberbullying
You like an angle~
Ivanka your dad is absolutely not qualified. You produce your clothing line overseas yet for US. NOT!!
/U my friend aren't even qualified 2speak, it's 2 no surprise U like Hillary leave his kid alone
I am a veteran, dad to twins, one who is 19 and graduating college in 8 mos going to med sch
did you ever work for the airlines
What a beautiful family. I pray for all the Trump family  daily so that God can keep the wolves at bay.
http://TDUSA.ORG  is a better way to approach the family values issue.
are BRILLIANT! Something we have needed for a long time. They are true futurist's:) @WSJ
 Russia and USA  =
what a beautiful family!
Crime Family
Putin bankroll this photo shoot?
Hillary is better
Mylie Cyprus is better than Swift!
stfu egg
Right back at you next time you get on stage. Your too girly tear jerk songs are so over!
You're the most beautiful girl in the world's a girl
Too late. The brand has already been thoroughly trashed.
. Anita, si je comprend bien vous dites @IvankaTrump  Too late ... Peut-être bien que je n'ai pas tout compris !
why the third person reference?
I  personally love your clothing line, could you please give a list of where I can find your brand, PM me
did she talk about Daddy's rape and RICO lawsuits?
You can huff and puff all you want.
love her old face..
.@CalebRapoport @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump @WSJ I am not for #trump but there is no reason for this. Don't be so low, rise above
I respect your opinion.
@thehill please dude u think msm and CNN wouldn't run with that?
ok my brain is a little messed up after all I'm a combat veteran are u making funome
hello Ivanka
Best
god id grab that pussy so fucking hard..  #hot
ok
I hope your clothing line is successful God bless you. My family supports you and your family.
Thus Ivanka??

Love the pics of the stepford daughter
So??
you so sexy Ivanka you'll be POTUS after DJT & first female POTUS 
Yes, because sexy is the standard we want when choosing the leader of the free world. Idiot.
Baby your good
I will never shop at Nordstrom's again how dare they
Иванка,пусть твой Папа Трамп мир миру несет!?не надо войны!?
I'm curious how repealing the ACA will help working women/mothers.
no one wants to hear what you have to say.
Praise the Lord! Good Luck for You + Family
Ivanka you are so pretty and I love your loyalty to your dad! He will be the best President! Edna Schaaf
There is no reason to giver her hate because she's Trump's daughter.
She's just trying to live her life like any other person.
well done Ivanka
gorgeous family
it's so sweet that Trump adds his children to his sex life.
#FreeSouthernCameroons #FreeAllArrested
it's okay
親父のこと支えたれよー
#NOTMYPRESIDENT #NOTMYVICEPRESIDENT
congratulations at big day from Pakistan
The reason news won't cover you is bc the only thing newsworthy is the man who is darkening your legacy as each day passes.
you know your being boycotted
not polite to buy your stuff when children will die without health care
you guys are awesome. I'm a fan
I like your photos
dear Ivanka my neighbor Brian painted 3 surfboards at the unveiling of your waterfall I loved them
This is Ideal THANKYOU for helpin USA 
ur op-ed was nice. but, with ur father being the way he is, and the diversity he is causing, I would like
2 ask if u have any differences w/ his politics, and 2 share those differences. I would also ask 4 u to
salumu mohamedi
We are proud of you...
future woman President of U SA ,I wish whole heartedly.God bless.


ty Ivanka ♡
trump look the reality
THANKS FIR BACKING YOUR DAD, HE HAS LIFTED OUR SPIRIT AND IS RETURNING MAGA
I love them all
Ivanka steals designs and uses daddy's notoriety to hawk her overly priced goods. Boycott Ivanka!!!
YOUR daddy loves that pic of you in the robe.  If you weren't his daughter & he weren't happily married
please legalize this medicine help us instaed of meds that the side effect are death
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=kd6znjwLR6I …
uko poa
iam brasilian and congrarulation for you victory. Help the world.
THIEF . When is this Trump's court case? http://fortune.com/2016/06/23/ivanka-trump-shoe-designs/ …
I see why your dad said if you weren't his daughter he would date you. It is gross but you are pretty
Ivanka wouldB great asset 2our country as part of admin.She is very well-spoken, thoughtful,smart,trustworthy

Be prayerful, Be courageous, Be wise and Be strong.
Your father will be a great president.
congratulations
I like and admire you. Sorry, but I just can't stomach your father. The most fake person I've known.
So why are your products made in China? Boycott time.
DO YOU THINK TRUMP WILL APPROVE THIS?
: FYI: If you feel your Daddy is being hit too hard, remember that are millions of folks praying for him.
get the word out around the media.  Take out ads with your policies and correct info that isn't covered
Mr Trump has raised 'Ladies' in his daughters Ivanka and Tiffany. As a mom, this says so much.
WHO CARES
Really who cares?!??
Ivanka what would you think about your dad offering to take a lie detector test and the women.
☆ INTEGRITY & TRUST LIKE THAT OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN IS WHAT THE REPUBLICAN PARTY NEEDS. WHAT HAPPENED TO ME?
Pounce on the media Ivanka as only you can do so eloquently, attack back when attacked, but harder.....
praying for you an your family hope your father wins the election preacher jack Elders
no one wants to watch this phoney ass shit.
@joelandwood24 you are one big liar
Is your wife not allowed to talk? Why always Ivanka?
make new cabinet position for women, rights, dignity & equality. You can head get your Father's attention
Has he "grabbed her pussy" - #SuperCreeper
I support your dad 100%
That's some classy dad you've got. Glad he's yours and not mine.

Ivanka you are an elegant, classy & selfless mother An amazing role model for all our younger generation
wow! My Helen of Troy! I love you Ivanka! Run for president after your dad serves his two terms. 
not your own Tweet?...
YOUR DAD IS GREAT
what phoney pictures, looking at building plans, really! Just like your phoney father! Smoke & Mirrors!
I refuse to read garbage from a hack who insist on lying to protect a brand. An ugly hateful family.

WSJ shame on you to endorse Hillary and I will stop buying it.
puh-lease
show us the way. Tell your dad to release tax returns. Take away his drugs. Help him!
Who did she steal her material from?
I'm trying to get a hold of you guys with urgent stratigy for your cmpn need to seek to your advisors
Msg me about poll%s
As a woman who has done some.racy photography in the past, how can you stand by DJT while he slut-shames?
(SOON)
Ivanka would make a wonderful first woman president!
how about you give Americans jobs by not having your cheap products made in China.
The Goebbels family.
you are a great role model
CNN:Blitzer reports they had 20 undecided voters in Orlando at 12:28am Fact check:only 18 people shown
Hi Ivanka, as a supporter and huge fan of ur dad and family. I just wanted to say you dad did a great job
like this
Such  lovely writing ( sarcastic)...
I respect you and your family very much. I hope Donald will help the Disabled in America.

