
Great to see there's still one voter for the Orange Menace left, good for you!
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=5W0H8a5jkK8 …
Just tell Hillary to get out of the gutter with her smears, and talk about the ISSUES THAT AFFECT AMERICANS.
@TerryLambert201 we are with you trump it's time for you to burn HRC and slick willeys ass they have to go you r the voice
'We the People' have your back! During the #debate...Be 'humble' & BEAT the LIVING HELL Out of Her About #OpenBorders!!!!
@jeaniebgd We've got your back like you've got ours! Stay calm, sell your policies, and give her absolute hell tomorrow!
this country will burn and perish if u become president withdraw urself
Focus on debate prep. #MAGA for all americans! Unity, lower taxes, jobs, inner city school choice, sec. border
Media won't talk about Hillary foreign policy illegally 
Aiding arming nations using child soldiers
Imagine what Oct 14 will be like... oh wait, it will be bought and paid for. :(
the next month should be even more interesting ;) You're about to be bitch slapped non-stop ;) Toughen up buttercup!
@Veteran4Trump hang in there, we require President Trump!
This from the queen of corruption imagine if it was a private conversation
Locker Room talk with Hillary Clinton & Lena Dunham discussing Lenny Kravitz's Wardrobe 
@SteveBrookes69 Clown.
Never Fear the #TrumpTrain is with U! We are going to #Amerexit  #TheSilentMajority #TheMovement
The #Next  #TwentyFourHours
Will See Your #STaFFShip On #FullExodus
B$C U Know U Are Very Mean! Ask The 
NoBodyWillStay4U
10/10/16
#JacquelineRoche
#Quotes @RocheJacqueline 
#PurplePriorityPolitics 
#Strategy
#Policy
your a lone wolf just like me trump but soon you will be adding millions of wolf's to your pack
must suck getting bitchslapped by a girl. Do you like Putin's hand up your ass puppet? #whinylittlebitch #fuckdonaldtrump
please just comment only on your proposals. be Gracious! She's a liar and it will bite her!!
@gcamp4 Keep your guard up. The witch has more tools in the pouch. The MSM and GOPe are in the tank so be careful.

time to give it up. No one is going to vote for Grope-US  POTUS
Hang in there, Champ! YOU are the voice of the #SilentMajority YOU believe in #AmericaFirst!
anyone who decides not to vote for Trump because of this is a moron. Mindless media robots
Yup! This is when you lost the election! Oh that video was cheap, poorly done and just terrible, like you!
America has learned who her friends are, and who would allow her to be destroyed over ridiculous, chest thumping guy talk.
@bongo1961 Dumpster Don is living proof that money cannot buy class or common sense. #IdiocracyIsHere
yes it has sir The establishment GOP is against you- but remember #Wethepeople are with you!
I am praying for you for all to go well against Satan Tonight don't fall for her BS Focus on talking about #MAGA!
Come On！！！
Defeat her！！！
11 years ago... Every man and women has   spoken the same words... Glass houses people!!!  Wake up...
@ReTRUMPlican_US Someone need to catch her in a lie
nothing has changed stop this psycho now!
Do you know that old President Bush is Billy Bush's uncle?.The Bush Family are sore losers..
The voters need to know that Billy Bush is President Bush nephew...This is Clinton and Bush TRASH.
So sick of ignorant and uneducated people who no clue of the realities of this world.
Just wait.
YOU HAVE THE COMPASSION, SUPPORT &  LOVE OF THE BRAVE AMERICAN PEOPLE !
TO HELL THE CORRUPT ELITE POLITICIANS ...
Sadly men of power think like this
did someone say let him without sin throw the first stone everyone is human but stay focused on the issue
Mr. TRUMP This was another plan by Hillary . As a woman it sounded like men Evil Hillary  must not be president.
@screenwriter war is declared on dishonest biased media it's making USA look worst than Russia ever was.
I'm in Australia & your media like ours is peddling dishonest stories all day. Who is controlling them?
, and Jimmy Carter lusted after women!
and millions of women lusted after Jimmy. So what?
that was in a private conversation between me and Donald, don't need to explain to you
let's hope it ends today at the debate!
in my opinion ;Trump should answer personal accusations from Clinton...By replacing with "lets talk about America!"
ql2l2oiz.s9p
you have my vote http://wwww.thecroak500.com 
God bless Wiki leaks for the ammo
it sure has. Keep up the dumb work! Opps, I mean good work. Many people are saying that.
The he'll what killary supporters say. Fantastic job Mr President Trump.
Congrats, Donald!! You did a tremendous job tonight! You brought her down!! I am one deplorable thats so overjoyed! #MAGA
you got this debate
.  I'm cheering for you tonight Donald.
...wow a news conference right before a presidential debate? This shows America exactly who you are! #lowclass #nevertrump
I've had interesting days also.
u need to step down now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sir we need leadership! I don't Give a dam what you said a decade ago! I care what yOU DO FOR AMERICA!
that's what you call it "interesting?" It's called an EYE OPENER for women voters. Grab us by the "pussy"? Its over for you
hang in Mr Trump. . There is a lot of ppl with you for President.
@kimieand We have your back Mr President. #TrumpPence2016
don't let's these horrible people drag you spirit through the mud with them President Trump
hang in there Mr. Trump you've got this or next president
yes it has, so let's stick with the policies, no more trash talk tonight. Please. We support you but are sick of the drama
You Hillary supporters would love Trump to drop out of the race! That is definitely the ONLY way You will win! Sorry for U!
Mr.Trump,we are in your corner!Nothing can ever add up to what she has done.Take off the gloves tonite and don't hold back!
@Veteran4Trump Mr. TRUMP all offence tonight, hit the crook hard on open borders
What happened?
I support  you  100 per cent  trash words  don't  kill action  does like the Clintons has hurt America  so much
#Hannity I may not have liked what you said, but I HATE what she has done! @TomiLahren @JudgeJeanine
God has forgiven you, and unless someone feels they are better than God, that should be the end of it!
WE LOVE YOU, VERY BAD THING TO USE,DEMOCRATES VERY LOW AND SNEAKY
Interesting for Trump, horrifying for the rest of us.
stay focused Donald. Real Americans ready for change are behind you. Mop it up tonight!!
Be sure to check #cheater @HillaryClinton's podium for teleprompter & for ear microphones. #debatenight #NeverHillary
The understatement of 2016.
you better bring up the stolen Haiti money
I'm sure Clinton's camp has more up their sleeves.. Beat her at her own game. Apologize for all your human mistakes
Hillary & OBAMA's plan divide & conquer say racist & rich to divide,us then preach I'm your champion weak minded people .
I'm only 1 vote for Trump/Pence ticket. Stay focused and let God be God! We need you to make our country great again!
hang in there! You got this one
bring up everything u know bad about her and do it constantly the whole debate....my kids future depend on it god dammit!!!
mind blowing indeed !

delete your campaign.
We are still all here and ready to fight the crooked Hillary Clinton machine!
still with you Mr. President. If Bill and Jfk can sleep with  women in the white house and we say how great they are.

you're a rapist
No harm was done , unlike Bill Clinton's out of marriage sexual activity .
let's hv a fundraiser for Trump to let the globalists know this concocted 'scandal' will NOT stopUs!
It's all just a test - to be Commander in Chief- prove yourself capable of not buckling under pressure - stay the course.
PLEASE @ #DEBATE #DEBATEWAR DONT RAMBLE nor let emotions take over U on ATTACKS FOCUS on BULLET POINTS Dont get Distracted
Stay The Course!Stick2WhatMattersTomorrow! Economy,Pay4Play,#ClintonCorruption, Benghazi, @wikileaks,NationalDebt&Security
You can lay into her on Sunday, Mr. Trump! Emails lost, pay for play, Clinton Foundation, Benghazi
you are repugnant
grab them by the pussy is a new norm now follow the leader Fck it!
Who has Trump try to rape in the last 24 hrs?
you're DONE!
no wonder you lost on Worst Cooks in America and I was rooting for you. Now watch Trump win!
aw see...ok no matter who wins I can still cook my ass off...lol
true but don't you want to cook in America? Hillary wants open border's and globalization.
me trump makes a he'll of a koolade. I hate her to we're screwed no matter what
no he really loves America and wants what's best for us...more jobs will help you sale cars! 
I hear you but I can't have a game show host as my president.
just one that destabilized Libya which caused the horrors in Syria? What a guy...
if paul ryan does not support Trump bcuz of words, he should step aside from the Republican party.  Need someone w gravatas
. Retweet #gravitas
@xelldeadly1

i still support you 100%, what u said in 2005 doesn't bother me one bit! 
we stand with you. You said some things that were in poor taste but Hillary has broken laws!
STAND STRONG 
FACE HER DOWN IN DEBATE
APOLOGIZE FOR LOCKER ROOM TALK 
AND THEN ATTACK HER WITH ALL CRIMES
FORGET MODERATOR
hahahahahaha oh Laurie, Laurie, Laurie
DONT YOU LAUGH AT ME! 
HILLARY NEEDS TO BE ATTACKED FOR HER CRIMES ON TV IN FRONT OF NATION! 
SHE IS EVIL
Trump is goes on trial 10/14 for raping a child.
Yes it has. We’re all eagerly waiting for your turn!!!
:)
And we care because......? Ur not even a real president.
Indeed! 24 hours of catastrophic failures, right.

You trying to start a Nuclear War is not interesting.


@POTUS you r at war. Stay strong. Get people around u that r fighters like you. Watch out for GOP like McConnell,Ryan.They never defend you
@trumpisajagoff this Valentine's day the reactions in this thread about 'her' are for Melania
how about now! LOL #resign !!!
c tZz@1
..President-elect Mr. Trump ..if you are not going to accept your Presidential pay.. plz give it back to inner cities..
and I don't qualify for disability
for next year because after obama care my monthly premiums are still over three hundred
will go to recent college graduates what are you doing for people considered low income I also just lost my insurance
because of chronic back pain and no one is going to hire a fifty four year old we'll educated and experienced those jobs
I have worked two to three jobs at the same time to raise my son I'm not old enough for Medicaid but I'm unemployed
are the fifty thousand jobs being created going to help low income families?

really eventful President Elect!
We love you Mr Trump!! She accused you of being a reality star, look at her now.....
Are you for or against legalizing marijuana for non medical use? I'm against it. Drugs are bad.
You have to win or it's livhts out for America#OnlyTrump
#hillaryclinton2016
please come to saint Louis and let me introduce you
Loser!!!!! Go home and make millions by your own.... Keep away this Country.
f
@kupajo322 "Hillary Groped Me!!" 
praying for you and your family ! Stay strong Sir please! I salute you
Hang in there Mr T! HRC spent 4 yrs at State lining her pockets. Can we even imagine what she will do as POTUS IF ELECTED.
I recommend going scorched earth on Hillary for her disgusting ACTIONS to horribly harm her "husband's" victims
Right? I mean... when I look like an idiot during two debates and they STILL let me run for POTUS #trumptrain
they r running scared lies all they have left 2 keep Hillary out of news
Blind sheep(Hillary supporters) are easily led to the slaughter house. Voters need to elect a true leader not an actor.
how many pussies did you grabbed?
Talk about the issues! You're letting her bait you! Or talk all the dishonest stuff she's done! Self Control!
@realDonaldTrump
join bill cosby  rember all glory is fleeting.     To the speaker of the house  and you to Brutus
People are going to accuse you of horrible things so they can get money.
Hillary is Satan

do you fly first class or fly on your own plane? What a liar that lady is. Like you would grope her anyway
This election has gotten way off track.Why don't you fool them and start talking about how you are going to create jobs.
Please just keep on message, AMERICA first, we need you! She is a witch. Will pull you into the dark.
boy has it
WE HATE YOU DONALD TRUMP
should be pray!! Partying good too!
Catholic woman for Trump!  Save our country Donald. We party for u every day.
Please please address voter fraud before the polls open!
...Please don't give up!!! This country needs your leadership! She will destroy an already failing nation.

TRUMP APOLOGIZED BUT DID NOT ASK GOD & THE PEOPLE FORGIVNESS.HILLARY'S TEAM CROSSED CATHOLICS & EVANGELICALS.TRUMP HAS TIME
Speak up for animals sir! There are so many votes to be had in the animal community. #chainFREEDogs
and always biased!
keep it up Donald. We are with you!!!
I'll support your third party run. I renounce my affiliation with the traitors in the GOP. TRUMP 2016!!!
I want our country GREAT again, I believe we can do that with you in office. Mike Pence is a great choice. No more Crooks.
cattle.
it will jump start the biblical apocalypse spoken by our Lord n Savior Jesus Christ. Mark my words! We will b branded like
n most of us have to work 2-3 jobs just to make ends meet. So people go out n vote for hilary. For wen she gets in
wake up brothers n sisters for if Hillary gets in poverty will come to us all middle class hardworking people
I'm a regular everyday hard working guy barely making ends meet n living with my father. My message to the black community
bill Maher n his lackeys r nothing more than a bunch of hypocrites. N u can quote me on that
my state's insurance. It's sad Donald really sad that Hollywood won't wake up n realize normal people like me r suffering
our country by the thousands. N they get free healthcare n everything else handed to them wen I can't even qualify for
the real issue is this country, healthcare,economy,protecting our borders, n stopping the radical Muslims entering in to
they r movie stars first n politicians last n need to keep it that way.
fuck them Hollywood bigots like MacFarlane, Affleck,Jackson, Clooney, damon,etc
A snake!
Good sir its time to hit her where it hurts. N bring out the dirt on her n let people see her for what she really is.
Donald Hillary has been running a smear campaign since the beginning of the election. Running your name thru the mud
good people defending our freedom n she shit on their lives. I'm not voting for hilary
And she got our soldiers killed by not properly arming them in bengazi. I'm a former soldier myself n that burns my ass
Donald she's untrustworthy n hiding classified information on those destroyed emails
brand us like cattle. Wen r the American people going to wake up n smell the coffee!
Donald I'm afraid for America if she gets in. Sooner or later she'll fit us all with a damn microchip under our skins
I've now filled out 2 applications n can't get shit
too damn high. N if Hillary gets in its only going to skyrocket more. I can't even qualify for state insurance
