These are rules: No dissing Gold Star parents, disabled, war heroes, POC, Muslims, women...oh, wait, ur Trump. Never mind.
So exited! Stay calm. Remind her publicly how she left 4 to die in Benghazi! Remind her she sold weapons to enemy. Bad!
Let me point out how Bill Clinton abused women in office. At least you won't entertain teens with cocaine
Politely tell HRC not to interrupt you when you have the floor Sunday. Know your stuff-rmnd her she's being unpresidential
Anticipating next debate!Pence ROCKED! Be calm and fight HRC with intelligence and charm!  Proud of you! Pres Trump!
Trump will wi,and he doesn't even want to
sad but true
obviously the letter ext to b does ot work o my keyboard lol
Challenge anyone to go up skirt without permission ... they get slapped
why is no one talking about Hillary's 2015 tax return showing a loss of 700,000 so she would not pay as much taxes
@realDonaldTrump
Humpty Trumpty had a great fall...well actually it's been a lousy fall heading into November.
Daddy bailed you out with many many millions of dollars covering you many many big league failures.
When you fail at the polls you will not be able to find a rock big enough to hide under. The gilt gone from your brand.
Word is out from last night: Pence should have headed the ticket but he's a bald-faced liar just like you.

Donald you certainly are the pot calling the kettle black! Remember "mene mene tekel." You have been found wanting.
No kidding. So rude. Horrible moderator.
FYI... you interrupted Clinton 51 times in the Presdiential debate...
We expect in the  next debate that no interruptions will be allowed!  Follow Mike's lead & you might win.
Substance always wins, stay calm and forge on.  He was stellar.
If you won big why are you crying about interruptions -sheltered life -lmao -crybaby--my mic don't work --oh you heard that
You mean like you interrupted Hillary at your debate? :)
That's hilarious coming from you.
@mike_pence only adult in the debate
Those interruptions were much like crude Trump interrupting Clinton, eh? Only a dumbass would point out how wrong he was!
you did it with clinton n now its wrong cos kaine did to pence? Lololol
ACTUALLY THEM MORE THEY ARE PARTISAN THE MORE YOU GUYS HANDLE IT THE MORE IT SHOW YOU CAN HANDLE ADVERSITY W CALM
Says the man who couldn't help but interrupt Clinton last week more than 30 times. Pot, meet kettle.
he was more a toy than a real figure, thank you pence
what are you fascist, capitalism creates jobs
like you continually interrupting @HillaryClinton with your nonsensical word salads?
#HerrShrimpfingers
#AmericasBerlusconi
#VPDebate A tremendous win for @mike_pence! @timkaine had nothing to offer but rehash of failed policies! @DonaldJTrumpJr
In other words, he acted just like Trump did in 1st debate.  (Eye rolling)
worse.  At least 1st when Trump isn't talking abt himself he made sense. Kaine was unhinged
@bearbisquit @antmaurizio @realDonaldTrump
In other words, he makes sense when he's not talking at all. Trump ALWAYS talking about himself.
You don't like honesty I see.  He does a lot but not all the time. @bearbisquit @antmaurizio @realDonaldTrump
I'm all for honesty and reality. Neither of which Trump has a grasp on.
That's bias if you don't include Hillary is the same way
@bearbisquit @antmaurizio @realDonaldTrump
But your constant interruptions of HRC were okay? #NeverTrump
where did he get that suit? Trump clothing from China?
Gee, isn't that what you did to @HillaryClinton?
Elaine Quijano, gorgeous but over her head AND unfair to Pence.
And you LOST BIG!
Wait..... Tim Kaine did a Trump tactic? #hilarity #potcallingkettleblack
amen
The #KaineWreck showed the world how unfit Clinton is to be Prez She can't even pick a good VP imagine her picking Justices
sign that @realDonaldTrump resents @GovPenceIN for 'preparing' for the #VPDebate - Pence won big and not BIGLY !
I don't think the don is allowed to talk about constant interruptions after his debate
He won for himself for 2020. Sorry, he couldn't seem to make himself defend you. Sad.
mafiamedia lines doesn't work anymore. It's Hillary NO ONE wld defend "deplorables" "Irredemable" #VPDebate
 @realDonaldTrump
Kaine did defend her. Explained how she apologized. Let's compare to Trump's sorry to McCain, etc....crickets.
Mckain (an individual) doesn't compare to insulting a nation of voters.
Actually, it translates to all vets. And call a woman a "dog," it translates to all women.
It's amazing how they let Hellary/Kaine ramble on & on but cut U &  Pence off mid comment. Love you Mr.Trump U R a Godsend.
That's hysterical coming from @realDonaldTrump who interrupted Clinton 51 times to her 17. Everyone knows you're a joke...the worst kind.
Tim Kaine was totally obnoxious. The lack of manners was disgusting. A perfect match for Hillary! God help us all!
Yet you support obnoxious Trump. Too funny.
Yet...you go right to personal insults! Typical!
Show me the personal insult, please.
Just scroll through your own tweets you childish defensive mutant oompa loompa.
Unintentional irony strikes again!
He had to interrupt---Pence LIED throughout the entire debate:
Oh God....again....politifact....
Take a hike.  @realDonaldTrump @weeklystandard
Also, only Clinton supporters trust fact checking websites  http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/general_politics/september_2016/voters_don_t_trust_media_fact_checking …
Want to behave like world is one big conspiracy against you? Your mental health issue, not mine. @realDonaldTrump @weeklystandard
No conspiracy, facts. Rasmussen is very good and reliable, unlike Politifact.
Politifact is Pulitzer Prize winning organization. Scat!  @realDonaldTrump @weeklystandard
8 years ago. Also WP won the Pulitzer, and now it's rubbish. Not prizes, but facts matter
Like you to HRC and the moderator.
except it comes off too aggressive when opponents are sitting at a table with the moderator. Different dynamics than podiums.
Is there anything you won't defend Trump on, even condemn?
just saying you have to use different tactics depending on the setting. Just like they have to with the Townhall debate on Sunday
End of the day, Trump interrupted HRC around a dozen times to speak. He also interrupted whatshisname numerous times.
Dozen? My bad. 51 TIMES, I stand corrected.
You lost big to a girl.
It must suck for a big macho man like Trump to lose to a girl with pneumonia.
YES  #MIKEPENCE Did wonderful..
Women are lying .. you cannot get upskirt without permission. .. it will create a scene everytime
Hello Donald and I fully support you and stand by you .. question is this real ?? I keep getting them in my text and email
wrong! *sniff*
Comments like that AND your support of Trump who has conned the hell out of you is so telling lol Get in your basket lol
Wow what a "lady" you are. Know Clinton is the best person for the job. Trump is a fake and liar who has you conned
Says the man who interrupted Hillary CONSTANTLY #NotHypocriticalAtALLAreYou
what she can't handle it, but cam handle presidency?  Realllllly?
@LookAtMeChange Liar, liar...#Pence on Fire!
#NeverTrumpence
You literally sound 10.
That's ok...I've been brilliant since childhood!
What's sad is I could very well like you as a person but you hold our diff of opinion as a weapon rather than an opp to grow.
You...insulted me...I am just voicing my political opinion...disagree all you want...YOU called me a 10 yr old child...sad
what's wrong w children? Maybe I meant it as a compliment. There are worse things. So negative!
He's ALWAYS been a racist lol A VERY long history of being 1,but this is the1st time he's run for POTUS so we're gonna bring it up
where in God's name did they find that moderator, she should be fired.
News is Assange Wilikileaks holed up afraid HRC gunning for him.more Muslims unleashed on America. Vote Trump
Congradulations, you said he would win from day one, I m elated by the election.
please don't make Spicer Press Sec..odd voice and look.
Are you seriously fucking kidding?!? You interrupted Hillary Clinton 51 times! #shamelesshypocrite
the momentum is getting steam
she interrupted Mike Pence to get him to stop talking.
can someone explain how @timkaine can be against the death penalty and for abortion? The guys a mess! #typicalliberal
but you did the same thing to Hillary you big orange face bafoon!!! 
they were allowed, in my opinion, because the moderator was helping Kaine. When she saw his signaling head nod, ....
what about your constant interruptions of Hillary Clinton? You are no better.
America: Win Big - Attract Tourists - Sell Chinese Food - Build American Shacks - Grow Power - Crush Enemy - Hate - Us - A.
The constant lying by Pence shouldn't have been allowed. But even your VP pick can't defend you. You're THAT bad.
you're the biggest hypocrite I've ever had the displeasure of hearing 
Pence is a good man and humbly said on Hannity radio that you and your campaign were the real winners of the debate.
Mr. Trump, I have supported you all the way. Please understand that millions of us do. Hammer the issues.
Look who's talking! Your big mouth interrupted Hillary so many times. Bringin jobs back?
lol are you serious? You interrupted Hillary CONSTANTLY #delusionalthinking
Pence could not have run from you or his record any harder. Did not defend Trump but performed than Trump anyway. Sad!
he couldn't defend the indefensible.... i.e. you. please get out of public life, NOW!!!
you wouldn't recognize an interruption if it bit you in the ass.
really? What about your own w HRC?
ALSO THE INTURPUTIONS BY THE MODERATOR.
What about your 50 interruptions of Mrs. Clinton doofus?
I think he did well! He is a good man from what i see! Kaine on the other hand is and looks scary!
You better be preparing for the next debate. It's going to be worse than any so far with these 2 moderators & Killary!
your buddy did it too.
hey remember when you interrupted your debate opponent 51 times? Your hypocrisy is almost as astounding as your idiocy.
You're such a hypocrite. How did America allow you to become a serious candidate?
And just what did @mike_pence win? #SmallHandsSmallMan #VPDebate #VPdebate2016
Good luck with your upcoming debate. Don't let Hillary taunt  you into saying something that will hurt your chances.
So why do you get the credit? HE did a good job...not you!!!
does that mean with your constant interruptions with the first debate that you lost? I mean you lost anyways but still
https://www.google.com/amp/www.nydailynews.com/amp/news/politics/donald-trump-slams-tim-kaine-interrupting-mike-pence-article-1.2818310 …
OHHHH BUT WHEN YOU DO IT ITS OK!!!!!!!!!! RIGHT
running out of time-prepare-cut her off at path on personal garbage-HER issues are political..smash her!! smell like a rose
how are you going to keep Hadji out the country when Race Bannon is your Vice  President?
Why isn't mainstream media inquiring about HRC'S health, fraud Clinton foundation and emails indicating sale of arms ISIS?
apparently you think YOU are allowed to constantly interrupt people. 71 times
WRONG
#teammarie
What about your 50 interruptions of Mrs. Clinton ? How is that different doofus?
People who live in glass houses shouldnt throw stones. I didnt think that you knew what interruptions were.
agree, she seemed to never say anything to him.
 Earth ta Trump, thts wht u do orange face!!!  Won big on being the biggest LIAR!  Following in ur footsteps for sure
Do us a favor please....and #payyourtaxes 
call it a necessary loss. At least Tim Kaine defended his running mate Hillary Clinton where was your running mate?
Caine won on substance ...not style .....Pence simply made Trump look like a "maniac" ..and did well for his own 2020 run
are you fucking serious?
Pence crushed Kaine. Kaine sold his soul to the devil when he joined crooked Hillary
Like you interrupted Clinton.  You really ARE clueless!!
Just a couple times and she interrupted him.  Tim Kaine interrupted Mike Pense for 90 minutes!
DT interrupted HRC over 50 times
Kane followed your lead
its ok! It showed people what kind of person he is and who Mr Pence is! He was great! Go Trump/ Pence!
you interrupted Hillary over 50 times. Can't win debates lying #LyingTrump  #LyingPence #hypocriticalrepublicans #VPDebate
a bit of a hypocritical statement coming from you!
.@realDonaldTrump -The hypocrisy of this statement makes me think Trump is completely oblivious 2 HIS OWN actions...
omg... did he really just write that??
WRONG!
No interruptions allowed? Keep that in mind when you are tempted to interrupt @HillaryClinton on Sunday.
Donald I can't Believe this News day Reporter William Goldschlag is so On Hillary's side with his Lying Report in the Paper
you're a looney tune
It was whipping out that Mexican thing!  You both are godless, un-Christian racists!
The constant interruptions Monday by Donald Trump should not have been allowed. Hillary won big! There - fixed it for you.
Now you need to go after Hillary HARD! Don't let her get away w/ her BS.
Are these the same "interruptions" that you imposed on @HillaryClinton ? #VPDebate
Pot meet kettle. You really think you're above it all. #Unfit #Unqualified #Unhinged
but you interrupted Hillary 51 times??? Wrong
TRUMP - PENCE & THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! GOD BLESS AMERICA!
Once again Trump is right!  HAHA!  Gov Pence rocked the VP debate!!

Watch Chelsea confirm that Hillary wants to extend Obamacare to illegal immigrants... Who the hell is going to pay for that? 
YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING.   You interrupted Hillary more than Kaine did Pence.
if you say lying is winning bigly then I guess your lying VP is a winner!!
Senator Kaine will be laughing today when the new Hillary ad comes out! Gottcha!
Pence didn't defend you. He wants to be the president. Bet the RNC prefers him, too. They laugh at you behind your back.
he learned about interruptions from you you puts
By making Pence refuse to support your lunacy he planted a suggestion in everyone's minds
EVERYONE'S IRONY METER JUST FUCKING ASPLODED
....the kept interupting, but it worked for your good..people noticed Pence's calm demeanor and loved it..shine Trump/Pence
it's division
Look who's talking, @realDonaldTrump!!
You will win bigger on Sunday
Why not have a Real Moderator?
Last night's debate: inconsequential. Your next debate: well, probably your last.
you should talk...
http://www.thewrap.com/clinton-ad-mash-up-mike-pence-donald-trump-video/ …
you interrupted Hillary numerous times #stop whining
the constant bullshit by you and pence should also not be allowed
No tweets tonite Donnie? What's the matter, pussy got your Tongue?
LOL! Trump, the law follower. You have been crooked for decades.
you kept interrupting Hillary!
so is that how the moderator should stop you from interrupting?
Mike Pence lied and denied all night. That's not winning.
TK acted like an a Jackass.
Won big with the lies and deception!
We know Trump picks the  best people, Trump is a beast!!!!
Honestly u interrupted Hillary way more during the last debate.u should probably practice more 4 ur next debate.
That's called being rude and scared at the same time!!
Don't watch your last #debate then. Can you fire yourself?
Seriously DJT, you interrupted HRC more than 50 times and you complain...? What ailment are you suffering from???
Mike Pence is a class act and show it thru the entire debate. Live and learn
you did the same thing...
you're LOSING
Sir you are being such a hypocrite.
but it was ok when you did it king clown
let's get even No CNN or people that work mainstream news
being a hypocrite once again i see. 34 interruptions during your debate with Hillary. Youre a joke!
#LaViejaDiabolica chose wisely!
How are you going to defeat ISIS Trump?
Drop a million casino chips on them?
but it was OK for you to interrupt hillary 70 tines?   Bwahahaha 
#NeverTrump
#Debates2016
unless it is you.  Right?
We won't know who won until November. We know for certain that the American People have already lost.
and how many times did you interrupt Hillary?
Hitlary & Kaine are childish, Immature, and emotionally unfit to be in office
Friends asked what Irish drunken hyperkinetic queen was that kept interrupting intelligent Gov last nite,1ofHRCs twitsBillC
cause you have never interrupted anyone before....
says drumpf who interrupted Hillary 51 times
you did worst against hillary loser
Kaine is not only and lucky for one of the most corrupt candidates, he's also RUDE.  GO TRUMP!
stop tweeting for 30 days, please let Killary hang herself.
Mr. Trump when Hillary brings up your taxes again, have them with you sealed and offer in exchange for emails at debate
http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/05/donald-trump-supporters-dunning-kruger-effect-213904 …
Of course, you're still the emperor of rude interruptions, but Pence probably equalled you for blatant lies....
St least he's sane.
