quick point out Mosel on a map...
BuffoonTrump's mouth has nonstop diarrhea, huh?
Iraqi forces abandoned Mosul. You know that though right?
C'mon, Trump can't be bothered with details!
details schmetails
time will tell?
lol Giuliani also said Hillary wasn't at zero even though photos show her standing right next to him... DERP

Who did your fact checking CNN ABC CBS

Hillary = criminal, more taxes, racism, violence, terrorism, open borders, war, child drugging!

Worst. Most corrupt. Biggest liar. Did I miss anything?
Murderer!!!  Hypocrite!!!
I guess I did. 
Bush W lost Mosul by invading Iraq. #CrookedHillary had nothing to do with it.
She will be our best president! Nasty women rule!
You r the worst & the first with son that takes a free drink cup for water to get drink instead Of paying for it. Eric JR
And the #BestTraitor
You're the worst person who's running for president. History will show that. AOG
this is the truth
.@realDonaldTrump FACT CHECK: Obama's whole NatSec team incl. HRC supported arming moderate rebels to fight ISIS. Obama said no for 18 mos.
BS @no2narcissists @realDonaldTrump
Fact. Watch PBS Frontline documentary on rise of ISIS.
and that's the Clinton following and why our country is headed for disaster
Trump boast about being a successful business man. How can you be successful with 6 bankruptcies?
he obviously has it figured out. He's flyin around on a private jet are you? #TrumpPence16
her and blowbama funded ISIS they were selling weapons to them the buck stops with those two she's unfit for President
yeah looks like you've lost votes with Mexicans, Middle Easteners, and other countries too numerous to mention
@cstar21 #neverhiLIARy
Hillary lives in a world that is not real.  She is out of touch with America
yeah yeah... Orange faced liar.
Never said they were. However, your draft dodging, orange faced liar, & God Emperor is VERY Deplorable though. #GroperInChief
Agree 100%.
Idiot we never lost mos. Watch news with intelligent people. Stop listening to Guliani
Snl is right on point with u.
Hey Don, why don't you sit the next few plays out.
TRUMP IS GREAT, AND HE IS IN IT FOR THE PEOPLE, AND HE LOVE'S AMERICA!!!!

He was a business man not a politician.he was doing when he was supposed to be doing, were you?
1st it's not a dt quote it's a hc quote.2nd @RadabaughDiana it says she was getting bin laden.question answered
Hillary is the end of the U.S.A
Only an hour left folks!
How long after Trump loses the election will @MELANIATRUMP leave him?
so people not understand tax depreciation? Idiots
not everyone may understand it but Trump is only out for himself.
change is needed
I don't want to see her as 'Worst president of USA' !
indeed
gana clinto
Rudy would say that.  He's become demented, too.
" She is 9/11 "
and THATS a fact she cannot deny!  #TrumpPence16 #MAGA Thank you Mr. President!
all americans wanted are troops out of iraq . as soon  as possible. not are country to stay in.
@DwbirdDee LOL we your supporters know she is a miscreant sociopath tell the people why you rock :-)
History will write we missed the worst possible President there has been in avoiding your fat A$$! Missed a loose canon!
Like Hillary Clinton, was Calling all The Shots for The President, Congress & Senate, From a Draft Dodging Coward.
And she worked for the worst president in America history!
history will write you were the worst candidate.
The list goes on and on with HRC, are we ever going to see a true DOJ? in our Gov?  http://usuncut.com/politics/hillary-clinton-foreign-policy-record/ …
squander trillions. Kill millions. And after 15 years in ME we got Putin ready to launch nukes. Great job hillary obama.
I LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP, YOU ARE HONEST, AND STRONG AND SO GENIUS AND DIFFERENT, JUST BE SAFE!!!XOXOX
@LMurphy140 hilzry say this is your only wzy to debate
Oh the nasty stuff that's in that dirty ol swamp,, can't print it here, 30+ years of it too!!
Hillary Crooked: make and unmake the office is mad.
tell us how you would have handled it. As always no details. Just diarrhea of the mouth.
Wait! You said in an interview she was the best.. hmm.. flip flop much!
you right after guiliani are the worst human beings, not in our life time, but in all of history. you can't even win that
Clear it's for her own man suite pocket!
Just like that nearly Billion dollars you lost?
#TrumpLies

Vote McMullin  http://tinyurl.com/jzplq4a 

wrong how brilliant  you wouldn't be one thank god
Should never have armed the Rebels in Syria either. Should never have funded them, or weaponized them. Tanks, BTRs. Shame.
Let's #DrainTheSwamp  and take back America from people like #crooked_hillary and Obama and #maga 
@realDonaldTrump
Rudy Giuliani sold whatever soul he had left to your campaign. Have fun with him! #DoodieRudy
WRONG
, y'all know that Hillary gave out classified top secret info when she told the  world the 4 minute nuclear  reaction time
wrong again Donald.
we got ur back
More importantly let us not make history that "Hillary is the worst President" ever. Even America cannot handle after Obama
Indeed, she did.
do you even know which country Mosul is situated? Have the US ever Held Mosul?
@MargaretMcgui16 there has never been a First Lady in history surrounded by so much scandal while on the WH
Of course you are devoid of facts. Iraq and the United States put a time line on withdrawal. Time line came and we left.
https://www.google.com/amp/www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2016-09-16/the-clinton-foundation-vs-the-trump-foundation%3fcontext=amp?client=safari …  #crookedtrump
You called for us to leave Iraq 3 years before Obama did which means they'd be even stronger by now. You're a tool! & fool!
Obama/ Hillary history will eventually tell the truth, it does. The suffering from their actions  going to be real Now
you do know that Iraq is a sovereign nation that required US forces to pull out, and that Mosul isn't ours to lose, right?
- one of the worst things the US government has ever done was to allow the press access to the battlefields!!!!
History already wrote that Rudy Giuliani is an angry old man who married his cousin.
wrong loser
The inept handling of our Iraq departure is why ISIS was born. Obama and Hillary are the parents of ISIS!
isis going into Iraq as army,BHzero 1 shot no more isis BUT
1 MUSLIM helping many,our gens should have RESIGNED.
she has done enough damage in tho middle east. Who gave her this kind of power anyways!
@freedmeto

CONCUR!
@sokeijarhead Hillary is an abomination!
@StopStopHillary ever
So @HillaryClinton lost Mosul? Really? She seemed so tough to me! LOL
"we should never have lost Mosul"?? When did Mosul become Americas to lose in the first place..??
How disrespectful can you be?  Unbelievable.
If only Trump were available during Viet Nam. Saigon would've never fallen. Oh, wait! He was available. He just never went.
even behind closed door she is at her worst I mean just look at Bill Clinton his actions speaks the loudest.
And Obama clearly the WORST president ever!
right again Mosul was won ! Obama and Hillary purposely caused the vacuum that is now Isis
THE #SecretaryofState works under the @POTUS, has responsibility, unlike you @realDonaldTrump
No one no where can name ANY good thing she ever did , except travel world on American tax payer dollar, WASTE
they havent taken back anything yet.War its a thing.
just like her old boss
Don't you share you program if you to be US President? Why you share hate comment of another candidates? 
I'm so glad u said that! How many times does our military have to keep getting killed/wounded to take back middle east city
u are a meme trump thats why i like u
you really need mental health help. Bush established withdrawal terms. You really don't know much do you? You're fired.
speaking of, you need to see this:
some people just don't know how to wipe. She's one of them
Used her office like Carnival ride for foriegn Money in other words she sold us to Donors
It was great when you said to Hillary, "now Obama sends help to get Mosul back" to make you look good, that was PRICELESS!
We all know why she got that Job so her and obama could slush fund money& keep him playing blocker Mr Inocent then parden
oh silly Donald, history will write that you have been the laughing stock of the world. What a fool you are!!
@HillaryClinton only got Sec job for backing out 08 race forObama. Now she thinks it's "her turn" we don't play like that
Google removed the voter fraud videos from YouTube they are also in on the rigged election!
#youreadouche
True lets not use her to prove a woman can run our country. We know a woman can and 1 day will! HC is a disgrace to women
Again, sorry people can't tell the future ahead of time Trump.
history will not give you a chance to take the throne away and be worse than her#nextUSpresident @HillaryClinton
Senator too.  #TrumpTrain
History also will write that you were the president that destroyed America.
Turn off the light!
you are so sadly clueless. I feel truly sorry for you.
You have the foreign policy knowledge of a sloth having a real slow day
@JewRussophile Giuliani is unqualified to judge a pie eating contest.
, Donald... Rocked tonight!!! @ScaryPerrySkate
.@realDonaldTrump so you're gonna lose to the worst Secretary of State ever.. how does that feel, Donnie?
She wasn't secretly of state when Mosul fell you dumbass.
Hahaha.. There would be no war in the middle east if it wasnt for #Killary @HillaryClinton.. Shes a #WarCriminal
I can't help but wonder how many tens of thousands of AMERICANS MEN AND WOMEN DIED DUE TO HER NEGLEGENCE AND CARELESSNESS??
@lyz_estrada I have to handed to you, the strength that it must take to debate a known liar must be  back breaking.
SHE FAIL ON ANY JOB SHE DID, AND SHE WILL FAIL AGAIN IF SHE BECOMES PRESIDENT,SHE CANT FINISH A JOB
just goes to show you don't know wtf your talking about
#BUSH NEGOTIATED THAT NOT HILLARY
HISTORY ALSO WILL REWRITE  IF WE DON'T VOTE FOR YOU
How does it feel to be beat by a girl ?? Bahahaha!
you said @HillaryClinton was a good Sec of State at the time. Flip flop.
@HillaryClinton @seanhannity how many Americans have to die, to keep taking back the same area?SEALS ARE BOOTS TOO!!
TOTALLY TRUE
.....What a joke!
Where is Mosul Donald?
Hillary claims it is on the border with Syria. It's actually about the same distance from Syria as Baghdad is from Iran.
but the USA left all the leaders untouched as they have been leaving Mosul??
I don't know.. @JohnKerry is pretty close to being the worst!
The 4 yr old boy, who broke r hearts, would have been safe if OBama HRC Had left some peace keeping troops behind.
just go away already
Satan..pig
not what u said a few yrs ago #flipflopperTrump
@Ike19777 Hillary plz get out
she needs
two martinis and a Zanex and bed rest,
@BluegillRises she's simply a politician. Say what's expedient for the vote and don't sweat the reality.
@childoflight4 you did great, but stay cool
All she accomplished was enriching #Bill & #Hillary for favors. Some record. Caused ISIS by arming "rebels"
I believe so!
# better being a liar, misogynist and racist
@GramaD386 Fuck Fox For get it !
@satyaprakashty1 http://panasoltours.com/ 
history will write that the first person and only person who would not accept a peaceful transition of power was you.
point to it on a map #debatenight #badhombres2016
Her and bush should be in jail for their decision to invade Iraq
weak argument
.Take back Mosul how? More #American boots on the ground, more lives lost? HRC is a #Warmonger @realDonaldTrump @Seirra75
"wrong" #Donaldisaliar
WRONG!
only Neville Chamberland
Liars Make Bad Leaders!
CIC decides military actions NOT State Dept. you know the job you're campaigning for.
HA HA

YOU LOOSE

BYE
seriously? I think Johnny Kerry is giving her a run for the money.
bullshit
she says take back mostly push out isis? Where to Syria? Why not destroy them in place?

no, history will show she was one of best! It will show you as WORST candidate EVER!! #TrumpLies #debatenight #debate
and obummer
.H &BO CREATED ISIS by poor diplmatic& military decisions(Pulling r TROOPS from IRAQ to leave a vacuum) NEVER CAN B POTUS!!!
she said he has conspiracy theories but we have found out they are true she is so protected very scary #PodestaEmails
release your tax returns con man
Will you please drop dead already?
You're one of the only fools that still considers Rudy Giuliani relevant. Good-bye Donald. You're DONE.
Too many Peace Talks of Democrats, so they lost wars in peace talks!? Shaggy says to his dog, Ben
Ben says to Shaggy Doo; no more peace talks; JUMP!?
@chiefrabbi @israel Chief says Donkey can told to Balaam!? Ben can talk to Shaggy Doo too!? But Scooby Ben Doo ignored!?
By your Logic WWII & Hitler was
Cordell Hull's FAULT, Franklin Roosevelt's Sect of State
How stupid can U get?
@realDonaldTrump
ISIS didn't exist when Obama & Crooked Hillary took office.  Mosul was ours.  Crooked Hillary let ISIS grow, Mosul fall
OK you buffoon. How bout u answer the flipping question on whether you would put troops in Mosul. #dumbass
who is tweeting for u as u are debating right now
