we care less what Trump thinks cause he pays no taxes
you are funny Ruffin. Do you enjoy trying to BS people? You're not good at it so keep what job you have.
He was chosen because he knows Spanish.  Well, that backfired, didn't it?
that guy was hoping up and down in his seat to get the rehearsed lines with red face crazy smile weird
https://twitter.com/Fahrenthold/status/784484724131717124 …
If she could care less, that means she cares. (At least a little) Listen to Weird Al's "Word Crimes"
https://twitter.com/Fahrenthold/status/784484724131717124 …
so true
Do the Gold Star families and Miss Universe ever hound your dreams? Just asking coz its almost Halloween
why would they?
Hehe Kaine just doesn't know it yet..lol
again projecting your faults on other people
And yet they can still have a plan. Where is yours?
Says the person who doesn't tell anyone your "plan" for ISIS.
you're a toxic menace. @toxicmenace
do u & #MikePence even speak or share idea last nite it seemed like he was on different campaign #vpdebate
Rookie mistake. It's COULDN'T care less. Are you even paying attention to my advice?
Thank you for your extraordinary work. I'm with you all the way.
" significant problems we face have cannot be solved with the same level of thinking that created them"
@Holly_Love2 @carol_lcnixon67 ғ υ  @realDonaldTrump woмanιzer
Hispanics are not impressed with their lies.  They have been used for votes, and then quickly ignored.
No one cares what motor mouth says, he says nothing,  wastes time.
@Rockprincess818 @carol_lcnixon67 we could careless what Clinton and  Kaine think! Both are worthless to the USA!
she just needed someone she could lead around by the nose, like she does Bill.
Well who knows @billclinton and Monic Lewinsky had plans together aswell but we found out in hindsight.

guess your name say it all.

she wants his felon votes!
Hillary's going to be president 
President of her cell block. That would be an accurate statement
Like you care what anyone thinks.  You make shot up and call it truth.
@Rockprincess818 How true she already has a partner in crime and Hubbles daughter to inherit. She might even wack Soros 2.
Didn't appear that Pence wanted to really have any association with you; refusing to defend you.
@Rockprincess818 @carol_lcnixon67 @HillaryClinton  found a sucker, @timkaine is not abel.
so I guess, he's the  Leader she's the Follower.
So what do you think of Pence and his views on Russia? Let me guess; right, you couldn't care less.
@VA4DJT @carol_lcnixon67 

There are No Plans ! Please just speak about Trump Jobs, Taxes, Border security
in detail ! MAGA
or the rest of us.

#MAGA
Their plan is to destroy this country and let all the bad people come in and take over....
Unlike you, who ALWAYS take advice LOL HAHAHAHAHA Mr Ego with the tiny fingers and $29 spray tan!
is that your opinion or did it come from a source?
@cnn Plans? Not heard of any plans from u. Only insults, and hate, and scare tactics from u. Type BS
@newyorkpost Hey Drumpf? Do u care what anybody thinks? The one and only. Only I know and can do. See taxR
*couldn't

It sounds like you're pissed though on what Pence thinks of your deplorable ass LOL
why listen to trump?  As Steve Doocy, America's most trusted journalist,  Trump has no skin in the game
Ask her WHY she's keeping her plans secret from Obama. If she knows what 2 do, share w/Obama so they can get it done NOW!!
At least they have plans. Clueless Trump has no plans
unfortunately she posts her plans on the internet For all terrorists to follow!
she picked a push over you on the other hand pick a strong leader which is good if God forbid anything bad happens to you
Kaine raised Cain and revealed you for what you are...absent of any plan.
#Hillary won't share any glory with @timkaine , if there is any. And I sure know she won't share any of $$
BAHAHA... like Pence is even allowed to open his mouth to Trump. It's Trump's way or get out.
hey kaine don't make Hillary angry. She has history. 
@jkc_jaycee @carol_lcnixon67 LOCK HER UP
Did you mean "couldn't care less." Not shocking you don't know basic grammar. #stupidTrump #loserDonald
just like whatever actual good stuff pence says - trump could care less.
@Douglasmaher @carol_lcnixon67 Or anybody else for that matter. Maybe Bills crazy statement on O-care might get a stir.
right on, except Kaine will never realize it because he'll never make it to the WH anyway.
- You have single-handedly degenerated this election into a low-level Reality TV show-like fiasco.
.@realDonaldTrump @carol_lcnixon67 Yeah. And Pence is someone you seek advice and counsel from. You don't listen to anyone Draft Dodger.
At least they have a plan.
Clinton and her husband are toxic to the US and should be banned from living within these borders
z1
Andrea Hillary becomes president we can all kiss our ass goodbye
and you know this how?
TinyHandsthinkshereadsminds
How do you know? 
Coke talk again
@mitchellvii @carol_lcnixon67 #creepykaine & his sound bites vs classy pence was great! #morevpdebates
may do care what they think & not what you think
how do you know?
do you mean she "couldn't care less?" She "could care less" means she does care to an extent #grammar #speakamerican
TRUE
@mitchellvii @bcnaturelady @lynmacjay ACTUALLY there is a preponderance of LAUGHABLE TRUTH in thtSTATEMENT
I dont think anyone cares what that idiot kaines has to say, he Can borrow my lawn mover for his eybrows
Hahaha that is the truth. HILLARY has plans.
and you care what anyone else thinks?  Do you actually listen to what you say?
omg pot-kettle-black Did you watch your own interview alongside your running mate?
Does Pence have your ear? You never mention him. What ideas has he given you? The 3am tweet re: sex tape?
kaine won that debate just because pence was clam doesnt mean he won
Or what you think.
once again you are projecting your own dislike of Pence. Conservatives will run Pence in 2020 when you & brand fade away!
the expression is quote couldn't care less not could care less jerk off
Bill Clinton will have more to do than this guy.
COULDN'T care less. Didn't you see the commercial?
Clinton and Kaine Want 4 More Years of The same old lame game! Let's Give em some Pain...at The ballot box we'll Reign!!!
just like we care less what you think (If you think at all).
i think you meant  "couldn't", poor spelling and grammer is not presidential
@screenwriter @carol_lcnixon67 ,,, The old saying ,the Apple doesn't fall far from the tree explains it all for those 2 ,,,
Preparation is the key! Advisers, please do more rehearsals with T on how to deflect, stay on offence, and not taking bait
lol...so true
if she could care less, that means she cares. Learn to use the English language, bonehead.
SO AS CROOKED HILLARY WINS CROOKED HILLARY WILL DUMP TIM THE BOZO TO THE CIRCUS! HAHAHA
STRONGER TOGETHER IS NOT JUST A SLOGAN. SHE MEANS IT UNLIKE YOU WHO ONLY CARES FORS YOURSELF
Be nice to her lapweasel. It is not his fault he was born a weasel. Weasel is as weasel does. #MockDEM
That's For Sure. She would Snap His Head Off and Spit in The Hole, Then Sit Down To Eat With A Big Smile!!
And that you probably give to your hero Putin.
His face is so far up her butt, she just thinks he's a turd
#Delusionaldonald
Releasing your taxes would be a great start but it'll show that you aren't charitable at all.
I remember you saying that the American People don't want to know what's going on. You're wrong.
You know that how?  Did you notice how Pence threw you under the bus tonight? 2020 is looking good to him
I sure don't see you sharing your plans. You just say a lot of words to make your cult happy.
Apparently, Pence cares even less what YOU think since he went against everyone of your talking points.
Just like you couldn't care less what Pence thinks?
Like.Pence doesn't care about what you think and that's why he barely defended you? Pence for prez 2020?
yes, so true. Hillary has an agenda and it does not include a VP. It's lonely at the top if you are hc
Unlike you, who will be handing the reins over to Pence once you get the title and office. Get real, dude.
True story she think she has all the answers but look at her track record she is not so smart
You can say that again! Especially after tonight! What a fucking Ying-Yang! Thx for Suckn Mike!
You are a great man, so be great for all to see.No more tweet.Stop helping the other side take you down with your own words
Mr. Trump it's time to stop the tweets. You need to be Presidental. Let us do the tweeting, we have your back.
That's she "couldn't" care less!
Wrong again. Donald, on  the other hand, can fix the world all by himself, per himself and his mirror.
@DiamondandSilk did you hear that? #CrookedHillary "has a plan"! 
@oisesu53 @carol_lcnixon67 kaine only thinks what he is told to per hillary
Any always listen to Pence and tweet at 3am all kinds of hateful remarks.
Pence threw Trump Under the bus. Couldn't defend him. Shame
couldn't care less ugh. Couldn't, not could
so true
@DrDarrellCline @carol_lcnixon67 I want you to winTrump please watch careless comments! She does care if he agrees with her
Great choice in Mike Pence.
SO TRUE!
idiot
don't you mean "couldn't care less" you bozo
hilarious. Right on target
couldn't* care less
you mean couldn't care less?
she couldn't care less dummy
it's laughable beyond words to think that HRC will consult this spin repeater with any policy decisions.
Not true - it is you who does not care what anyone says unless it is you saying it
he has no clue # Donald Trump for President
he only got the gig b/c he stepped down from DNC position awhile back...it's more pay for play!!!
is insulting again. @carol_lcnixon67
Mr. TRUMP You need to study your grammar...genius evader of paying his bills no taxes and bankruptcies.
Think, PeeWee T. You mean "couldn't care less".
FROM WHAT I'VE BEEN HEARING.... WHAT THEY HAVE ARE INSULTS. NOTHING MORE.
if you want to know the plans; go read it, we will just stand and insult you instead of telling anyone
we all know Donald values others opinions. Especially when they differ from his.....
Project much, Donald?
. @realDonaldTrump @carol_lcnixon67 How do you know ignoramous?
we would be in bigger trouble if Hilary become president then something happened and Kaine took over!
it's could NOT care less as the expression goes. You bobo.
You could care less what Pence has to think, or anyone else, for that matter
(*couldn't) Also, you're wrong a lot. RT @realDonaldTrump Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks.
 #LIAR @carol_lcnixon67
Watch out for Kaine's black eye or slap mark tomorrow for poor debate performance.
Only cares about herself and donors. Sad.  Corruption gone wild.
@jeep_sifu @carol_lcnixon67  Kaine would have less to do in an HRC administration than Biden had under BHO...
How do you know? Does she confide in you?
she is just using him couldn't care what he  thinks she just needs a yes man
Says the guy who introduced Pence as his running mate with a 25 minute speech about himself.
Now that you posted that...I believe you are correct!!
:Right, I'm sure she could care less.  You just said she does care.  Learn some basic English grammar
Whining Kaine was very rude no substance
Pence did a great job bringing up the real issues to MAGA
... No, it's "couldn't care less." It's impossible for her to care any less than she does. :) #TrumpPence16
Exactly!
I applaud Kaine & Clinton, who are an intelligent, strong, unified, & clear.
Actually Donald @realDonaldTrump you are grammatically incorrect.  It should be HE AND HILLARY.  @carol_lcnixon67 @realDonaldTrump
she only wants to hold on to powers She will do nothing just like she always has! Leopards don't change their spots
#DonaldTrump has a sick mind and a sick soul #VPDebate
@lynn_weiser @carol_lcnixon67 Well if Hillary was really relying on Kaine for content and assistance. SHE'S  DISAPPOINTED!
does this mean you care less about what Pence thinks?
true
she wants power!
@FoxNews @KarlRove  @CNN @realDonaldTrump We need a hero. So powerful  yet heartfelt. Mr. Trump is a great man who will create jobs for US!
Amen!
You don't even know what you think from moment to moment. How would you know what she thinks?
I'm glad you picked Mike Pense even more after tonight!!!! Trump/Pense MAGA!!!!
that's hilarious coming from you!
So what? Pence is running with you. That makes his credibility zero. You suck and you're gonna lose.
@manjrn @carol_lcnixon67 no one brings up fact your opinions on anything were as private citizen not as elected politician
I meant "couldn't care less". I may have gone to Wharton but I lack a basic knowledge of English. SAD!
Pence doesn't care what you think since your son probably asked him to run the country as w/Kasich
you read minds now?
