
Trump's simple rule - "Buy American" #BuyAmerican #MadeInAmerica?
except for his winery..
Keep fighting for the American People & our Veterans ♡
and the 38 % who support you.
Unless it's Trump brand products. From the " Do as I say, not as I do" POTUS
Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort gains visas for 70 foreign workers
#HireAmerican?
except for
Keystone
Guest workers for M-a-L
Ivanka's clothing,shoes
T products at Tower
T clothing
Melania's jewelry
why do you keep hiring immigrants in your own properties? Why is Ivanka still outsourcing her stupid clothes?
Lol you won the permission to hire 70 foreign workers at Mar-a-Lago which is IN Florida. You’re a damn liar.
a sickening liar https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/26/us/politics/donald-trump-taps-foreign-work-force-for-his-florida-club.html … but what else do you expect from a con man?
You are a hypocrite
@JoeMama43
maybe we need to aspirin when we will  go to war and with what countries or multiple countries?
START HERE
=> More like 'Bye America'
The president of the US is a LIAR
REPEAT
The president of the US is a LIAR

He is our National shame . . a stain
This from somebody who gets all of his companies products made in China!  What a liar.
Is that why ur resort and the tRump vineyards are hiring foreigners? U still make ALL your junk other countries. You lie.
and lock those bitches up
You first.
- I love it!
this includes North, Central and South America.
Then shouldn't your "Make America Great Again" hats be made in America, not China?
#Inauguration 
@Pedro_Riguez #GodBlessAmerican 
@TeamTrump :)
after 8 years we can elect pence and ivanka or donald jr or eric we will seethank you
needs to start with you we know you hire mostly immigrants and all your plants are in foreign countries
My Administration: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch: https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/videos/10158310632295725/ … …
maybe your business should follow the same rules.
WHAT A CONCEPT
And why are yours and Melania's products not made in America? Are they not made in Mexico and China?
everyone deserves Healthcare not just a few
so mr. Trump for nobody who drives a tractor-trailer for a living for CNS wholesale can you please please help my son
Obamacare I was desperate for a while and I got on my knees and I asked God to help me
my name is Isabella and I voted for you and I know you're going to do the right thing but most of all we must protect
dear mr. Trump thank you for being a patient man
exept your own goods, eh? Wee little orange fellow.
Youd be a good ogre, if i do say so meself
why is mar-a-Lago staffed with short visa Mexicans. I read your sits vacant adds
Practice what you preach.
you are the biggest liar ever, Lying Donald
Hiring American means not out sourcing your manufacturing to china or other countries you traitor.
Buying american means when you build your building you use American steel/ aluminum not from China you traitor
and what about Toyota, Nissan, all those Asian cars? Oh let's not forget Mercedes, Audi, and all the German cars too...
Yet the #MAGA merchandise caps were made in China...
Will you also be moving all of your investments to America, making sure you invest in America?
Kelly Ann being interviewed says not to pay attention to words that come out of your mouth, it's your heart that matters???
your own products aren't even made in America
But your businesses, and those of your family, will still produce everything outside USA. Hypocrite!
And yet you do neither!
Such Bullshit
Best start with your own steel purchases and Ivanka best start a factory here instead of in Ethiopia.  Hypocrite.
Will you start with your own companies?
You and Your daughter should follow that tweet. All your shit is made in China!
will your businesses being moving factories back to the US?
Eh...sure. And where exactly are your clothing lines made? Oh yeah. That's right. They are NOT made in the USA.
Excellent rule. Please start applying it to ur national & international businesses. Your bizs have used foreign labor only.
Goldman Sachs @GoldmanSachs  Jan 6
WATCH $GS' Zach Pandl on the Dec #jobs report & the fastest US wage growth since 2009
And when do you plan to start buying AMERICAN and HIRING AMERICAN? Kind of a hypocrite aren't you?
you buy CHINA
But... Mexicans, Brazilians, and Canadians are also American......
My husband said he LOVES those 2 rules!!!!!!!
Too LATE TRUMP.... ALREADY OUT OF A JOB YOU CLOSED Macy's which is by the way holding on by a thread. Thanks gold finger
Yeah "Buy American". Got one guy from Hosensack here. Lets get the bidding started Vladimir.
So you won't be doing what you have personally been doing all your life? Hiring foreign workers and using China for manuf.
What about Eric's Vineyards? Huh??? You wanna shed some light on that one? 
you rascit fascit!
wow you are the best president ever simple concept and yet no one has gotten in the last 40 years keep up the great work!
I wish Mr. Trump many happy years as President. Wish he was an Ozzie, the rate we're going we'll be needing his help
Thanks for all Americans who cannot find jobs.
but don't you hire immigrants for your hotels?

lol, you don't hire americans!
Put your money where your mouth is. Start with Trump products. Good PR makes a great president...
.@realDonaldTrump So you don't want people to buy your clothing line made in Mexico and China?
@WSJ @cnni  #xijinping Chinese CCTV to participate in Yunnan Fanya cheated people 43 billion yuan.
THAT'S FAIR START AT HOME,YOU FAMILY STILL MAKING PRODUCTS IN CHINA .
@mike_pence Donald, start with your family..try telling @IvankaTrump to make products in #usa for starters!  #hypocrite
Thank you President Trump
Simply outstanding!
ARE YOU GONNA BRING ALL YOUR JOBS BACK TO THE US AND HIRE AMERICAN AND PAY HIGH WAGES?  PUT UP OR SHUT UP, DONNY!
PENCE IS CONNIVING TO  HAVE YOU BOOTED FROM THE WH.  HE DOESN'T KNOW YOU'RE GONNA RESIGN WITHIN A YEAR & GIVE IT TO HIM!
Your companies didn't, why would your administration?
@mike_pence can't buy Ivanka's line then!
looking good 
looks like you are prepared to be president for the next year 
We are behind you 100%, Please don`t let us down.
why didn't you comes to Tennessee?   The fires were awful. A lot of people without homes.
Mr. President Elect Trump, soon every decision you make will have a effect on every adult and child in the US. Please think
pass the law for Mary Jane and we all can stay high for 4 years. And we won't worry about What Trump does. LoL
Are you going to move your Companies back to U.S.A.  ????
The Win was so sweet and the look on the faces of all the whining, temper tantrum liberals.
 #priceless
why do you make those hats in china?
Bullshit
you mean like you do? Ha ha.
The Army Corp of Engineers has solutions to energize the economy, strengthen our Nation’s security, disaster recovery. Hire
"Hire" people into the Army Corp of Engineers. Get them working on infrastructure projects http://www.usace.army.mil/About/Centers-of-Expertise/ …
FINALLY! THANK GOD FOR DONALD TRUMP! NUMBER ONE PRESIDENT! GOD BLESS AMERICA!
Sure you will. #MRGA. That's why you helped Russia Hack the Elections. #TrumpTrainWreck
He's going to finally start this with his own companies? Or is this just more do as I say, not as I do. But he's not a liar
we are all wondering.  WILL YOU?????  #hypocrite #buyAmericam?
Your admin, but not your or Ivanka's corps. #hypocracy
YOU don't follow those rules, why does ANYONE believe you? Amazin!
When will your businesses do the same?
Unlike my companies,  where I hire Mexican and buy from 3rd world COUNTRIES!
Nobody dictates what I can or cannot buy....period.
@PamelaRamseyTa2 except if your name is Trump. Then China or Africa OK
so does that mean everything you produce Will finally be made in America
....but marry foreign cos somethings need to be outsourced.
?????
.@realDonaldTrump except when it comes to foreign policy. then you buy russian. right?
Make Trump products in America instead of Mexico or China. Nothing wrong w/ profits. Stop slamming/threatening others!
Trump clothes made in China, Indonesia, Bangladesh
yeah! What he said!
hey check out where your ties are made, fool.
:)
please help Donald. Bought an HP printer. Didn't work and customer service is in India. Bring those jobs back !!!!!!!!!!!!!
So you won't be buying anything from your daughter?
first we have to make American! Can't find American products!
Dishonest Working class tax up from 28%-33% under his plan he lied shame on him and his billionaire buddys
Are Putin's private parts original or modified?
Really? When you ship all your big construction jobs to China and have your clothes made their too? You are a fraud. Sad.
@ERNESTZorro @realDonaldTrump  don't cry!! He is the president
Yes, because Putin arranged it. He won't be there long. He's a fraud. #PutinsPuppet.
Change their way of voting, and the electoral schools weigh no more than the popular vote!!
which is why your brand comes from China, right? smh
except with respect to your companies!
fascism always comes in the form of nationalism. Congrats on being an unwitting fascist Donnie.
what a joke. Mr. I made everything off shore to acquire the wealth I now have..
JUST AS TRUMP WINERY FILES FOR VISAS FOR OUT OF COUNTRY WORKERS TO EMPLOY, JUST LIKE MAR-A-LAGO, ET AL. Ppl in US for jobs
God bless America, greatest country on earth.
shouldn't you lead by example?
Why doesn't drumpf clothing lines live by that motto?
You haven't bought american in ages. what a fake hypocrit
http://images.gawker.com/styqp32hsfe5cpgynz08/c_scale,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800.png …
Except those rules do not apply to you.  You are a hypocrite.
you need to practice what you preach, your daughter's clothing line is made in China, lets bring those jobs to America!!!
"Trump shirts were made in China, Bangladesh, Honduras and Vietnam." Didn't know those places were American now.
so why are your products made in China and Ethiopia?
you don't hire American
I think you should put a made in America content rule for all products sold in America that would reopen many businesses

did you buy #Chinese#Steels for your buildings?you are #Hypocrite at best
Does that mean your products will be made in the U.S.?
you do not make in America....
You don't do either. #hypocrite @IvankaTrump
We love you Mr. President. 
Does that mean Ivanka is moving her manufacturing to the US? Are you moving your manufacturing to the US? Tell the truth...
Unfortunately, America disagrees. Open up all the borders so we can increase trade! I want Red Bull (Australia) and Saab!!
No. Your Trump Winery here in VA is looking to hire foreigners. Actually, deliberately soliciting for them. #TrumpLies
Guess he's planning on changing the way he's always done business before figuring out he can make even more money by being President.
We don't export pollution and slavery - just require high labor & enviro standards on products imported. Who needs tariff?
You mean by the simple rule of having all of you and your daughter's products made in America? Remember David Letterman?
please adopt a 'take care of americans FIRST' position & don't wrap your lips around #Israel 's ass #StopIsraeliWelfareNOW

@faagifts Growing up as an American this was our Motto. Televised & packaging. But then things American got made sloppy bad
@mike_pence HIRING FOREIGN WORKERS FOR YOUR WINERY YOU DUMMY 

"The vineyard is seeking special foreign worker visas from the U.S. Department of Labor, ...." more ethical issues.
Trump is like the boyfriend that promises a big diamond to win the girl. She becomes blind to lies and red flags.
"Donald Trump's vineyard is looking to hire foreign workers to start just days after he's sworn in as president." Hmmm.
你们这些年轻人太幼稚，我CHINA都没有选人大代表呢
