#iMAGAy
You came up with #iMAGAy before this week’s Will & Grace. 
Royalties?!?!?
Definitely.

Ya, he's selling you on DACA! What the he'll are you doing? DACA is the end of America!
This is the new #circlejerk?
StfuILLEGAL
You cannot pay a compliment without adding the extra!
you know what arseholes are like but you still work with them more fool you, i supported you from day one now i dont know
Except when you were calling him "Crying Chuck" and blaming him for the failure to repeal/replace. Otherwise, you guys are buds?! #FlipFlop
Hilarious
No wall, keep DACA. So Trump just handed Schumer the biggest victory ever.
This aged well.
Huh? @realDonaldTrump hasn't a clue what a good relationship with anyone is. He believed everyone is there to serve him, not citizens!
#release the memo
ya but where are those tax returns you said you would release
uh.. Available online?
please tell me where, because I've  looked for them
was more of a guess trying to be funny lol, I have no clue.
#POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #LockHerUp #CommanderInChief #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
I know u won't read this but I think u are doing an awesome job so far. Keep it up looking forward to moving America ahead
you sound psychotic from the way you tweet, it's like how a psych patient would speak to themselves 
soooooo happy HR is retiring. Every time I hear him speak I get the heebie jeebies.
Like you said....you used to be a democrat.
Yes, you are the best judge of 'smarter'
That's why you donated so much to Schumer's campaigns!
YES ALWAYS BELIEVE U UR MY PRESIDENT
You are one rude man. Why must you talk like a school yard bully? Is that how you will talk to world leaders?
i love our new president elect Donald J Trump!  I wonder what the J stands for?  Be nice!
too Big lee  you are biglee wrong about Our President  Donald Trump
At least Harry Reid could probably spell Chuck's last name correctly the first time.
shut up Chris
lol yep!!!!
Said you’d fight Trump University fraud lawsuits. Now admit defeat and hand over $25m. And you said Hillary was “crooked”!
never admitted defeat.
We haven't forgotten about your racist cabinet or your obvious GUILT in the Trump University FRAUD case.
way to show real leadership by insulting a figure admired by many.
use him to make America Great
Some are  --TRAITORS  --  to this great  country  in sheeps clothing with there agenda that belong to CORPORATE/ GLOBAL !
Guiliani   A  TRAITOR  like so many other !!! SEE FOR YOUSELF !!  KISSINGER  with the Corporate powers controlling the beltway ! AND GOV  !!
Obama was wise,this one is terrible.he need go extra mile and pray for wisdom from God.
how did Reid go from being average to a millionaire while a senator? Reid is another corrupt politician. #Drain the swamp!
.@realDonaldTrump Just curious, are you going to be using the @POTUS account come January?
THIEF!
claiming "disrespect" after you disrespected every minority in the nation.
listen to chuck talk about how he is all about the blue collar voter ..What a POS! Look at who he has been the last 8 years
.@realDonaldTrump
Do you ever say anything with class?
The followers of the corrupt hillary are crybugs.
Very unpresidential
Schummer just trying to hold on to at least some part of the Liberal agenda...
#MAGA God bless President Trump finally the White House has a set again
Harry Reid has always been a Social Obstructionist.
Mr. President-elect: We (located in Westchester County NY) are pushing #refrigeration coil cleaning for #energyefficiency
stop tweeting
@davidfrum Derek, your tweet was spot on.  Don't worry about the comments.
hmmmm......
so ONLY IF YOU GET WHAT YOU WANT
there is literally a tweet for every occasion.
What happened? Schumer called it the Trump shut down.
I have a feeling that you've been played. Hahahaha. You suck. Please resign.
Finally revealing his real political core. We have divided government and many were mislead that R would control both branches
TRAITOR/LIAR"against" "diversity"Visa lottery when U fund founder 2010 / promote Muslim eb-5 visa IMMIGRATION  "specialist "Muslims4Trump"
Everybody is smarter than you.
HAR HAR HAR
Don't get distracted by Crooked Trump's tweets. He just paid $25 mil to settle a FRAUD case!
.@gene70 The election is over, GENEius. Its all about your boy now. 

@mikemarbach @realDonaldTrump @nytimes

.@realDonaldTrump you know what I wish you had a good relationship with? Reality.
so boycott free speech?
You have no money
But 25mil so he could focus on country & turned down presidential salary? Ignorant troll
Racism and ignorance have no price, its free my friend and you were gifted with a lot of it
call Trump "broke" yet he's fixing country & turning down salary. Ur comment is ignorant
I need an estimate on how long you think it will take to build the wall? This is going to be funny as hell! #laughfactor
we do not want to pay secuity at your tower. Move ur woman
While you're at it. I need you to ban flouride and take it out of the american tap water supply. Thanks.
.@Matt_london_413 why?

You do know that this is not at all a reliable source? @Matt_london_413
Maybe that's your opinion. To me it provided enough evidence to tilt me toward the negative side of it.
It's not "my opinion". And that film does not provide evidence. It uses fear to make money off of gullible victims. @Matt_london_413
Ok so if it's not your opinion you're basically telling me that there is a professional source out there that I don't know of?
Good News would be a sexy red head, me....being the head of Trump News!
I hope the laws about hiring illegals are going to be enforced.
even better news if you weren't president,  stop acting like a 12 yr old..
yes, HR is dysfunctional.
Put your Cacine function as commands jesus k win and win your people and never make people kebrar
popular Voters of USA should not drive to Public against Republicans or they should proves what they sacrisified FOR USA?
wow, another example of Trump flying off the handle again! Someone take this man's twitter away!@philowisdomMD
who are you to judge someone's intelligence? 
Where's your loyalty to Sarah Palin ! Palin wants Interior . We don't want Mary Fallin . We want Sarah
@SarahPalinUSA
did you and your businesses pay off his campaign when u called yourself a Dem?
I agree he's smarter. Just like satan is smarter than a goblin. Beware of him.
You may have spoken too soon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBk0-xTvjT0 …
I know someone has mentioned this, but don't forget corrupt.
i think so you can find other better them paul ryin?  He was agaist to you ..don't choice trash politics ok
show the world your not the evil one so when you keep your promise they all will seek you keep it 100% know then
Harry Reid is amazing and will be missed greatly!
if you do you stay forever  i never know why they  keep really  changing it trying to get a new  presidency to found the
To much time on twitter go make America great again !!
plz dont judge people on how smart they are. You are not the right person to do that...
We will see how much he wants to work for American People or just Democrat views#maga
Please don't insinuate that people are dumb. It's unbecoming.
Well, you'd better get someone in there that knows SOMETHING because you, Frumpy Dumpy Trump, know pretty much NOTHING.
how a bout. http://www.cancilleria.gob.ec/en/official-communique_2/ …
Wisdom is greater than all smartness in this  world. My son and I would love to attend your inauguration Mr President Elect
Good riddens to Harry ...anyone would be better. PS enjoyed your video hope to see them often.
can you ever say anything about someone without insulting someone else?
he's a snake.
Remember, WE THE PEOPLE are your boss. You work for us! The press works for us. Let them do their job. What are you hiding?
POTUS elect Trump, be wary, cautious and very careful with Michael Flynn- he has negative luggage.
Correct
great news on TPP can you scrap TEP too pleases Donald ...TPP "take that Obama" great stuff
..Jeff Sessions SHOULD prosecute ‘sanctuary cities’. Sherrif Joe for Head of ICE :) 
http://go.shr.lc/2fi1Xa9  - @washtimes
That, "Is" ture, but he is a wolf in sheep clothing and does not support many of your issues. 2nd. Amendment Anti- Gun Law
Fire Corker!
I hope you end 2017

Be thankful on Thanksgiving that family members don't kill each other over Trump and Hillary ...  http://bit.ly/2gdN8od 
@realDonaldTrump
The Dems like Chuck Schumer now want to push aside OBAMA care and focus on infrastructure.Just a diversion,focus on Repeal
if Schumer kisses your ass too much we can vote him out. Oh and you too!
hers a clue! Schumer is on with a Anti Semite, Israel hater, anti USA, racist to lead his Leftist DNC wise up
You are such a sad clown of a PUPPET BOY
Want to see how big their grins are after @realDonaldTrump and @SpeakerRyan have killed their #SocialSecurity and their #Obamacare #Trump
With cunning opponents like Chuck Schumer, Pres. Elect Trump will have to be 5 steps ahead of him in order to be successful
SARAH PALIN DESERVES THE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR. YOU PROMISED PALIN 
@realDonaldTrump @SarahPalinUSA @KellyAnnPolls @JasonMillerinDC
A COUNTRY WHO
why did you pick failed Senator Sessions, no accomplishments. 2nd poorest state due to his being swamp senator since 1996.
We love you Mr. Trump! Can't wait until January! Side note - you can smell the unwashed slackers b4 you read their tweets.
he said he would go to Washington DC &  #draintheswamp .
Can't you say anything without insulting someone??
Although not a Reid fan, no need to put him down to make Schumer look better
He has a knife in his pocket.
sausage fingers
Stop commenting on things that don't require it, such as Hamilton, and Harry R intellect.  Do your job and stop tweeting.
fasle tougue
speaking of Schumer when is @AmySchumer leaving the country?
Sun Tsu...
"far smarter". Really? Do u realise ur choice of vocabulary tells me a lot. Ur far less smart than u think u r.
You are the real deal. America is lucky to have you as President. make America Great Again
That's because you're two progressive peas in a liberal, #NYvalues pod

@realDonaldTrump
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
The fact that you must always belittle someone while praising another is very immature. Not becoming of a soon to be prez.
You having a good relationship doesn't guarantee that they will do a good job. Is this good for the country?
Hi Sir, Im 20 years and Study at University. I live in Uzbekistan. Can I visit USA in New Year Eve?
Watch your bck
wrong
Don't forget Jan Brwere.. Sheriff JOE, John Roberts the reporter he was good to us
watch out Dems they say sweet words and smile but in your back a knife.
President elect Trump please help Bitcoin.
السعوديه تقتل الشعب اليمني 
تخرب المنازل تحاصر الناس 
جايعين لماذا؟
crooked ego maniac unable to apologize - self serving and petty
No free pass. $25,000,000 FRAUD settlement, Bannon = White power, "No PC" but attack SNL when YOU get grabbed by "pussy"
I can't stand reed, he needs gone
all New York politicians, even DeBlasio, should come together for the benefit of New York
schumer IS THE WORST AND WHAT IS TOTALLY WRONG IN POLITICS!
Along comes a failed gambling czar who's a corporate welfare king & cheats his suppliers & workers
Work with him and dems to get fair prescription drug prices.
If you want to know who is really crooked...look at Bill and Hilary...not a fan of either...the both should be in prison.
Both of them are far smarter than you. Please resign. #NOTNORMAL
i bet you have...how much money have you greased @chuckschumer 's palms with???
Please reach out to help Melissa Young. She is what's good in this world & she needs our help.
how much have you contributed to his campaign efforts. You bought him
When GOP complained they were shut out of legislative decision making 4 8 yrs Obama responded="Elections have consequences"

he is a pos but you have to work with a pos sometimes
Hope you will think this,he is as slippery as they come and you should watch your back! Never met a camera he didn't love!
SNL is the best! looks just like you. lol
you need to stop being a bully. I didn't vote for you yet I expect you to be an adult.
SARAH PALIN FOR SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR .  WE WANT PALIN
@realDonaldTrump @SarahPalinUSA @KellyAnnPolls @JasonMillerinDC @DanScavino
@realDonaldTrump chuck is a local!  #hehadmyvote #saratogasupportsschumer
How can you promote "drain the swamp" with the ppl you've chosen?  Free falling...
My God. Are you drunk tweeting!?
Kind of childish for the president elect to be calling one senator "smarter" than another, I think.  #trumpwatch
Your an embarrassment to humanity to the United States and you will be considered the worst president in US history !!
And his daughter, Amy, I'd smarter than most, as we'll.
how professional of you to attack senator Reid!
can't stop offending people. And u respect 
God's got ur back! we got ur back! 2 HELL w/the celebs n their over blown sense of self worth! THEY R NOTHING! WE WILL WIN!
cant be good, its coming from you #GoToHellTrump #DontheCon #incompetent
president-elect Trump put them all in jail for burning our United States flag let them go to their country burn their flag
Pres-elect Trump what r u going to do about the fed government paying 4 lawyers  to keep illegal immigrants here in the US
with our tax money
this is terrible we even have to pay for the criminal immigrants to stay this is coming from the sanctuary cities mayors
Being critical of Harry Reid or any human-beings is decisiveness&is not being an imitator of God, and/or a good Christian.
.@realDonaldTrump pretty sure your alt right Nazi supporters aren't happy with this one.
never did Obama tear people down like u
I don't trust him but I trust that you President Trump know what your doing.
Дональд,ты Сам великий управленец,политик и бизнесмен.Только Тебе еще нужна отличная ,,команда,,.Удачи.Юрий
every time I see or think about Clinton all I can say is lock her UP she needs to be investigated
DO YOU HAVE THE ABILITY TO SAY ANYTHING NICE, EVEN THIS IS A BACKHANDED COMPLIMENT!! YOU ARE DSM POSTER BOY FOR BORDERLINE
DO NOT TRUST HIM !!!!!!
NO reason other than purely political 2 give ANY post 2 Romney. He has no experience  other than as a snake in the grass###
Bannon fired a mother with multiple sclerosis while she was on maternity leave.
: An intelligent person doesn't meet the enemy halfway but rather convinces the enemy that they're right and enemy is wrong.
4 coos where shot at in 24hr period and one shot 2x in the face.He had 3 children&was 20yr policeman.Protect them.
