I don't not think that any of team Hillery should be allowed at the recounts...
YOU SAID LOCK HER UP TRUMP SO DO IT. You're becoming a SWAMPSTER NOT SWORN IN YET can't support you if u lied like Hillary
Hillary didn't lie. Trump did. Welcome to reality.
Comical coming from a Hillary lubber of the Denial Elite.
that's the best you can do?
Yeah, we had to do that crap when you were elected even though you have no idea what your doing.
In 8 years of Obama, Rep'ns in Congress consistently voted "NO" as a block to everything, even shut down government! Fun?
Dude, take a chill pill. It's a recount. I didn't see G.W. Bush wetting his pants in 2000 because of that voting fiasco.
Crazy frog's penis
No We the People raised the money for the recount, deal with it Donald
Wow. Impressive. So he won, there will be a recount, deal with it. It's not 1 party or 1 person's doing. Then pray.
@DiamondandSilk that's when she was convinced SHE WAS THE WINNER
you're insane.
not my president , you are Putin's pet
You're likely only a thousandair as well.  Thin skinned phony.
The Russian tampering that allowed you to "win" is the true threat.
Goes to show you that both @HillaryClinton & @DrJillStein don't practice what they preach.

much like you prepared to undermine the election?
ASKING FOR A RECOUNT IS NOT THE SAME THING AS REJECTING THE RESULTS!!! COME ON DONALD, START ACTING LIKE AN ADULT!!!
that's exactly what it is!
Wrong.
Recount: "My bill seems high. Please check it."
Rejection: "I didn't eat that much so I'm not paying for any of it."
All your replies make no sense. They just attack me.
Wow. 479 days later? And no, that wasn’t an attack on you. That was an attack on your faulty logic.
Wow so you, who I do not know rated my business page a #1 out of 5 and that is not an attack on me? Who the f are you?
No, you’re right, THAT was me just being snippy, for you re-opening an argument that was over a year and a half ago and by CLAIMING incorrectly that I was attacking you. Which I wasn’t.
Look I’m new to Twitter. Not everyone is a software engineer. But no matter, I don’t mix my opinions with business ever! It’s more than snippy, it hurts my ratings which hurt me!


well if you have voter fraud you can win popular vote.
...RECOUNT THE BLUE STATES TOO.

covers him unfairly? By repeating the horrors he has actually said and done? Foreign press also think he is a moron.
get over it, he won, he's going to be the next president. Say it president
exactly he won. Why are you still banging on about the media? The media won it for him by never challenging him.
Are you still wanging on? Worried or something?
Considering Hillary has a perfect record of cheating and she's involved with recount I'd be worried too.
trump is too!  Geez
He hasn't cheated. White House already confirmed Russia wasn't involved.
what u been readin?
OMG! Really? White House said that.
We need to follow the money on who is paying for the recount.
new/ wiki / Stephens/ Death / Hillary
she's a hypocrite
Just a fitting end to a disaster of a candidate and politicians Hillary has been, orchestrating a constitutional crises.
I take it you are not happy about this recount
This was in response to Trump saying he would accept IF he won. You know this.
Spare me of the racist bull crap. He hasn't said anything racist.
No he didn't. He said if he was president his son wouldn't have died. Not an attack. Not racist.
What did he say to the parent then?
All he said was that the son would be alive if he was President.
Mornin bagel served with fear of #Recount this morning?
The DNC (Demo Nasty Craps) Along With
Crooked Hillary Are Total Hypocrites...SAY
One Thing & DO Another !!!
U r not the future. WE THE PEOPLE R THE FUTURE. GET OVER YOUR SELF
She should know.  She has always been a threat to our constitutional republic.
“I will tell you at the time. I will keep you in suspense.”
Mister trump please put your phone away
What's the matter Trev, don't like being reminded about reality? Poor baby...
.@mlportersr @realDonaldTrump pls dont trigger me i am very sad hillary lost
Aww, Trevor is sad. Let's all say "aww" for Trevor. Would you like your Binky? Would that help Trevor feel better?
.@mlportersr @realDonaldTrump please... dont make fun of me  i... i cant take it... 
I was just looking at your tweets. all this whining and you're a flat-earther too!?! Too sweet!
i do not appreciate this mockery mister porter
Then stop acting like an entitled child. If you feel angry express that - at least anger is an adult emotion.
Nothing will change.  I am confident in results and welcome a recount.  Right thing to do. #MAGA
And that is how he should have behaved!
Donald Trump you should send a Special Prosecution after Hillary Clinton for the Email.
Hillary is indeed horrifying to look at as well as hearing that squalling voice! She and Ibama just need to go away!
Racist much?
Yes, I'm aware you don't care you are racist.
Yet you support The Orange one?
But you said you would only accept if you won
Trump fetoyu ver bize pls.
u made it a threat by getting in bed with putin ur corrupt conman
you claimed the election was rigged before you won. Now you claim it's not; funny that.
Socialism v fascism.
Hillary is not responsible for the recount.
trump is behind all of this. He gave them the money!!
I'm scared!!
you sound like a white mom on facebook! Stop dicking around and Make America Great Again™
Wasn't Trump the one who said the election was rigged?!
big loser
and you said the election was rigged. How about that $25,000,000 fraud settlement? Pay that yet?
you should've never given her time to heal. She wasn't healing. She plotting her next evil play! Hire ATTORNEYS!
lol, He has already said he is not going to do that!  Funny broken promises already!
I'm not talking about the emails.
we don't have to accept them when our President Elect is a racist, misogynist idiot w no govt experience.
what kind of rock have you been living under?
Don't you know ... when left accuses, automatically true?
That it's then up to us to prove them wrong?
so when the time comes to prosecute her ass don't think twice! Locked that corrupt bitch up
maybe she can make a plea and pay her way out line trump did screwing them at trump Y!
only difference is her charges are criminal .. his only civil... but great try... regressives 
lol any military man would have been court marshaled and ent to prison for half the crimes she
lol whatever makes your loser ass sleep at night! Facts.... FBI director testified she lied joker!
No one paid taxes back then.
well yeah, it sounds to me like a government can work without extortion.
explain to me how "billionaires don't" cause if you're a billionaire you're paying taxes. I assure you.
I'm not but I'm a business owner and I know how running a biz goes. They pay plenty of tax.
you've got a nerve criticising others for changing their minds. The number of campaign "promises" you've gone back on
Like?
well he's changed his mind on barring all Muslims entering US and said he won't appoint prosecutor to investigate Clinton
those were BS promises that Americans fell for.
like "hope and change" or "if you like your plan you can keep your plan?" Dems lie &  you're an idiot
2.  No reason to be a dick in a healthy debate.
presenting facts is always healthy to a debate...
Simple question: Why did you say the election was going to be rigged?

why are you so against a recount? If it makes no difference to your position why moan about it
challenge the Arizona and New Hampshire votes where her margin was razor thin
what are all these about
@sohailmirza07 I like you Mr Donald trump. Because you are loyal with your country.

in case you didn't notice, it's not HRC that's requesting a recount. It's the Green Party dude. What r u scared of?
Wow! You're sounding pretty manic right now.
@NetworksManager  Hitlary is still a pathological liar! Like all previous statements she has made!! America has moved on!!
Hillary has always been a hypocrite
Who believes that liar anyway?
congratulations!
you need to remind crooked Hillary about the jail cell with her name on it. She'll back down like a coward.
only when its convenient for her, she's such a bad influence on this country
They are in a state of denial . And that state has zero electoral votes 
and you said, "we will build a WALL"....no, a gate...no, well maybe we'll plant some flowers instead....
Here is #Hillary repeating 2day's consecutive Tweets by DT @ the 3rd debate. We r all "horrified"  http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/ppUXq …
. These Liberals are all drinking the same Kool-Aid. So sad.
.. You'd think as much attention this Country needs .. you president ELECT ! Wouldn't live on twitter 
You are nuts. You need to be admitted to a psyche ward. @realDonaldTrump
who is writing ur tweets cuz u can't put one coherent sentence together. U r a jerk.
Hey, your Highness!  YOU were the one who said you wouldn't accept decision unless you won..Also #KeepYouInSuspenseBS.
economic conservatism is one thing, but I'll NEVER accept racism and hate. No future there in my world.
A recount is not the same as saying you won't accept the outcome before the vote. Are you losing your mind?
http://www.inquisitr.com/3747450/popular-vote-gap-2016-presidential-election-clinton-won-did-donald-trump-win-electoral-college-recount/ …
maybe you sld hv Someone lookinto her crookeddealings since shewon't respect theoutcome,and the standard she holdothers too
SHE did the gracious thing, her FANS are not happy...you have said soooo many times 'it's fixed' so we'll just check right?
Donald Trump Freaks Out on Twitter After Obama Wins Election http://mashable.com/2012/11/06/trump-reacts-to-election/#htpYEoIKs05h … via @mashable
it's funny how only one side was hacked!
#HillaryClinton and #DrJillStein are #Nincompoops for not respecting the legitimate results of the #POTUS2016 election.
SHE WILL LIE-CHEAT-STEAL OR KILL TO BE THE FIRST CRIMINAL, CORRUPT WOMAN PRES. I DO NOT WANT HER TO REPRESENT ME AS A WOMAN
Well,You have to consider the source. Remember the stupid statement about deplorables! Clinton is our greatest threat
She's a total LOOSER.
See that's why you made a mistake never let your enemy live, take no prisoners, HRC should be investigated and punished !
of course, of a recount that shows we were wrong about any counts has to be ignored, cause it might mean I win by less
yes we do let's all come together
-  the pedo crat posse on blast  are a threat to all  decent Americans! Pizzagate! NOT FAKE NEWS!  kids matter most!
What are you so afraid of? That they find out that you cheated? Because you did
why the surprise - she's always been a liar
things are not always as they appear. Keep your faith!
you should demand a recount in California! It's rigged..no way she beat you by 3 million votes...scam!
We do have to accept the results, specifically legitimate votes, you said many illegal votes casted, so we need to recount!
BLOCK ME PLEASE
Hillary is a snake, pathological liar, only concerned with herself, will rise from the grave to torture us again and again
Lock her up!
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU????? Do you have a mental problem??? WHYare you tweeting about this????
@Scimitar_98 He said "I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky". Lying comes natural to the Clintons
. @realDonaldTrump the results are that she has over 2 million more votes than you. #TrueStory
get the special prosecutor out mate
You truly need to just shut up, Satan.

I would just ignore.
Results will be same. No surprise here.    Just http://stupidity.How  left acted burned in hearts
Haven't you heard? You WON You have a government to form Why are you spending precious time on this BS?  HRC lies We get it
lest we forget he did say he'd run republican cause they are the stupidest group of people. Congratulations...
NOT MY PRESIDENT!
stop crying about democracy and address your financial conflicts http://nyti.ms/2gsHm0r 
there's a fake profile of you on facebook
Correct. Also, "Honest Hillary" said that she would except the results? Oh.. ...another lie.
I want a recount in Nevada! We were victims in 2010 by Reid & 2012 by Obama! Re-count Nevada also! Electronic boxes rigged!

A real leader doesn't always answer every thing people say about them and don't take things personally as you do!#tough day
Unusual amt. of hacking to voter databases, Putin hacking DNC/ Podesta- ? tampering of vote machines undermines our trust!
This is where the voter fraud comes in. Lets not forget the Soros connection w/voting machines http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/10/wikileaks-soros-linked-voting-machines-now-used-16-states-rigged-2004-venezuela-elections/ …

Liar.
a recount is not the same as a renunciation- you not read good huh Trumpy?
What the hell do u know about Democracy. Actually the Founding Fathers set it up as a Republic Read the difference if u can
we are looking to the future and your a mistake that needs to be fixed
if they slowdown the Fed mandated Electoral College in Dec it will tie you thereby leaving it to Congress to split the tie
Yep, she just needs to shut up before she's exposed even more.
Over 137 million voters did not want you in the White House, frankly you don't deserve it. You used fear & lies to win, SAD
After this is settled you should hire that special Prosecutor since she went back on her word to accept results
YES IT IS A THREAT! AND YOU ARE IT! LOSER!

yea but u STILL need to "pay out" the other 75 other "lawsuits" UR STILL IN 
after all your tweets about this it seems you are realy afraid
@DavidWGibson She needs to change her poopy Depends and go away!
she's corrupt what do u expect!! Go Trump
when you were saying its rigged!!!!
liberal=hypocrite
Keep the Faith in God He is in control. I pray for you your family Mike Pence and  family. I pray for our nation. God bless
can't accept your future you lying cheater bullying bribe-man who bought 5 million fake votes
Actually trump, I am not from the US but I can assure you that now is the time for Americans to see how unstable Hillary is
she is corrupt and a liar, too bad she only wakes up to continue to hurt our country!!  She is totally sick!
you can look forward to a long bing hell of accountability
you are THE threat to our democracy!
SHE LIES...as always. Seems she played& paid "green"Jill stein too.
It is a threat to democracy NOT to do this!  2+ million difference is huge!  This must happen to assure it is a democracy!
U are really scared, intimidated by this!!!  You are so WEAK!!!
do you mean like when you refused to say you would accept the results you little whiny baby??
@renomarky lock CrookedHillary UP&shutdown the Democratic Party by Making America Great Than Never Before for everyone#MAGA
is ok Women change their minds! You would want the truth right??
@ahomeforlayla 
Another democrat lie  kkk, voter suppression etc they lie about lying pathetic
blame Jill. She said it. #DelusionalDonald

that don't mean  shit,  coming from a jackass who said he would stomp his feet if it didn't go his way.
She is such a child. A coward. She has the non-educated and the jobless following her.
if you don't have anything to worry about why are you even engaging #youlookweak #probablyknowmichiganmightflip
throw the rag doll Hillary and her accomplasses in prison, we are tired of the bitch, and her evil chuckie friends,
flip the script Tiny Hands imagine YOU won the pop vote by 2.5 m and lost elec college YOU WOULDNT STOP CRYING LOL
Hey Bubble Boy: She did accept the results--what if she were wrong?
We're with you Pres. Trump. Jill Stein paid by Hillary to do her dirty work. Imaginary hackers. It was all kosher.
she is the one that looks bad. Chill don't say anything you are the winner.
A lot of pepe think that beetlejuice remake is a threat to decency, but i believe in you, BJ!

You are SCARED THAT THE TRUTH IS GOING TO COME OUT THAT YOU AND PUTIN RIGGED THIS ELECTION.  YOU ARE AND HAVE BEEN IN
Please, Donald, retract your statement not to go after the crook Hillary Clinton. She deserves to be in an orange jumpsuit.
You are the threat to our democracy.
