8 years? Your high as a kite dude. Might wanna try making it INTO office first.  #notmypresidnt
@GOP # support Trey Growdy for FBI # honest, trustworthy American Patriot
You do realise you have to face another election in four years?
"8 years"?!??
Dream on, Donald.....you won't last 8 weeks.
8 weeks turned into 8 months. But either way, you won't be in office much longer 
abolish N.S.A ,F.B.I. C.I.A. PENTAGON , SHADOW GOVERNMENT DOMESTIC ENEMIES OF AMERICAN PEOPLE 
you should change the people you surround yourself with before its too late Mr President
pffff 8yrs are you ok????
.
You will NEVER make it 8 years! How do you feel that people on all 7 continents have marched against you & your presidency?
Praying for you everyday President!!! We have so much respect for you. Thank you so much for being there for us....
You will not make it through four years.
looking so forward to it. America reborn.
all trump hater's are dumb looooosers.
Playdough, diaper pins, comfort dogs, safe places?
Wtf? The funniest shit ever.
praying for God's wisdom &perspective. He knows hidden motives of the heart & challenges of tomorrow
Hey asshat (aka @realDonaldTrump), you know it's only a 4 year term, yes? I've got $100 riding on you being impeached in less than 3. 
Congress can't do anything in 3 months. It'll be 18 months minimum before Pres. Von Clownstick screws it.
please let's see if you make 4. Delusional
looking good
I can help on nights and weekends man let me know
Follow me Papa
or maybe only 4 ;-)
Bigley, huh? Please please go away
keep up the good work! Love you Mr President 
Please Protect OUR FOOD SOURCE. BAN GMO'S. They were banned all over the world except here. Too many bribes.
so proud of you god bless you mr president xo
Stop. You're embarrassing your children. They just want to stay in the will.
praise God

thank you for the traffic update
tells inbreds he will drain the swamp, put more swamp back in!  #conman
let's hope you aren't alive by then
Will Richard Spencer be there? I hear he's yuge with your fan base
fake news nobody's buying it anymore go away
but apparently not a press conference to answer to the press.
8 years... Try and survive 4 first Donald.
He's talking about the people he's appointing. Wouldn't be the first time a liberal couldn't use comprehension
Maybe try and pick a few that aren't total sociopaths?  Oh, wait, probably beyond your abilities.  Damn.  We in big trouble
your grasp of American English is awful.
let's us know if you need anything
White guys with a solid understanding of the 50s. @MSNBC @Morning_Joe @Lawrence
you wont last a year as president impeached onstead and those appointments will be rescinded...
More like 2 years.  4 tops
the only thing that was rigged is your hair piece.
pray that God have mercy on us all
love it 8 years, 8 ,8,8,8,8,8 8 8 years
#MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
God help us if it's 8 years.  Getting through 4 will be bad enough
won't say ALT RIGHT like CLINTON was slaughtered for not saying ISLAMIC TERRORISTS LOL,HE IS Alt Right RACISTS
8 years? Really?

I might just stay inside the entire time.
get to those Term limits u promised,  issue I agree with. Make that happen.but really looks like ur swap filling no drain
correction next 4 years
he is gonna win again you do realize that
he doesn't stand a chance! Especially if he continues to spew hatred the way! #notmypresident
he isnt spewing hatred dumb ass people like you are. But he still WON right little bitch
think so? What about the recounts being done to prove he cheated?  so did he REALLY win?
In your dreams. Impeachment is coming.
hey retard he has to break a law for impeachment
Read the article; learn about Emoluments Clause of US Constitution.
read it...you realize he hasn't been sworn in to any office ever, yet, right?
I give you 4 months.
you give for months well I hope we sentence Hillary to life
EAAASSSSSY there, pudding pop. 4 years. Getting ahead of ourselves aren't we, cupcake.
grow up
Do America and the world a big favor. Prevent a ghastly four-year nightmare from happening. Just resign now. #EndTheFarce
<--- Delete this threatening account please @Support @twitter
Aww, need a #safespace , li'l snowflake? @OfficialSPGB 

@RobbieWilson45 @Support @twitter
Dump needs a safe space. He's a wailing babyman.
He'll keep all his promises and won't forget anybody. He will make this world a better place for ALL of us 
yeah by scapegoating certain groups of people and dividing the country, he's off to a great start!!
Scapegoating & dividing.. really? You must be watching too much CNN/Clinton News Network
oh ok, so he didn't single out Muslims or call Mexicans rapists and murderers, it was some clever CGI
He didn't say ALL Mexicans were rapists & murderers, He said Mexico wasn't sending their finest. BIG DIFFERENCE.
the fields in CA the largest food suppier, is filled with immigrant workers, if they are deported who's taking those jobs??
they can stay if they're legal.. they can't be here if they're not. Just like any other country.
I see you tweet the Donald too!
No wonder Trump's in love with his daughter. She has larger breasts than the wife.
And they don't cover her scapulae!
But showing the 'nippulae' lol. I hadn't known  they appeared like that in public.
Having noticed her face shines on her moon!
Doh! 
Please stop working w/@Heritage. They are bad news w/bad intent.
why? I hear nothing but good about them everywhere.
They are attached to global foundations.
hummmmm I'll have to go read up on that!!!
I just found out myself. I personally know Dr. Paul Williams, who has worked with them.
oohhhhhhhhhhh
so youre confirming that youre running for re election and you havent even been sworn into office.
another 2 party lemming judging based on intentions instead of results.
you just answered your own question. people HOPING things change but still voting for the parties who cause our problems
really? you realize his name had republican by it on the ballot? there is nothing about him thats "change". youre projecting
you know they're great before they even happen. You just be lying.
with u courting putin+u as tax cutting advocate 4 rich I'm not risking a nickel more in stock matkey as middle class person
you won't have 8 years if you keep breaking promises.
"DeVos is a Common Core supporter
PLEASE RECONSIDER .NO ROMNEY.PUT HRC TRIAL ON BACKBURNER FOR http://NOW.MEN  DIED.ACCOUNTABILITY IS A MUST
4*
For the next 8 years? Okay, your intentions are clear now.. first the world is watching what you make of America in 4yrs.
4 maybe!!
really hoping you bring back the pledge of alliance in schools business ect.  Also, we are praying on our kees for success
Not 8! 4 or less if God answers prayers. I will NEVER consider U president. U agree electoral not fair. Clinton won.
hell no...u won't last that long...can u say CONFLICT OF INTEREST. .FOREIGN INFLUENCE. & my favorite .IMPEACHMENT.
8 years??!  

Faint. Thud.
8 years? Getting a bit ahead of yourself aren't you? you may not get re-elected you know.
oh man I hope not 8 years. 4 is going to be bad enough
4 if you aren't impeached
the Russians will run our country for the next four years.
say no to mitt
picking Romney would send a terrible message to those of us who supported you
Don't you dare speak a word about "our" goverment like you actually give two shits about the people who live here.
My life is spent by service, laws and rights. My wife and ALL Veterans too. To allow Mrs Clinton a pass is to slap us all.
*4 years.
Pres Trump: Romney slapped GOP voters in face not supporting you It angers me Romney Sec of State What about Mike Huckabee
It will only be four years.  Trust all of us on that.
Never Romney
8 years my ass! Impeachment within 10 months...Bank on it!!
I would love to advise you in the area of education for free. This has been my passion for the last 20 years!!!
Stay in the fucking white house and stop costing the taxpayers extra money...
as long as Mitt Romney isn't included. @ChrisBrownBruh
4 yrs. let's not get ahead of ourselves.
8
Making America Hate Again
If you flip/flop on getting a "special prosecutor" for Hillary ...it will only be 4 years. Con Job!
happy thanksgiven to you and your family mr president elect.
#Carly Fiorina as Secretary of State. # understands world market negotiation. #established debater #no nonsense individual
Too optimistic. 4 years if you're lucky sir. #GovtforThePeople #NotGovtForTrumpInc #NoRiggedElections #NoBannon
....8 years? I doubt it, lol!!
4*
... 8 years? 8 years? I've got money on you not lasting 12 months!
lmao you'd have to win again, better ask you butt buddy Puton to help you out, geezer.
*4 years, don't get ahead of yourself Donny
I have great concern for Science & BioTech innovation to make America Great again. Like to change the way it is going.
dream on. You'll be impeached within 2.
hahahaha - i see a 4-yr term or less in your future.
I do not think that Mitt Romney is suitable for Secretary of State.  Listen to Kellyanne and Newt.
8? I don't think you understand it's 4 years for president
4 years. IF THAT
#SecretaryOfStateMittRomney

not 8. Not 7. Not 6. Not 5. Not 4. Not 3. Not 2. Not 1. #nevertrump
#NeverRomney You will lose your base!
You've only been elected for 4. Or did u miss the memo? #TrumpCesspool
or maybe 4 years or less
All signs show you don't care about more than half the country.  Even though I voted with the majority, I'm being ignored.
please come to Imperial Beach California. Make IB/Coronado your Westcoast White House. 
you need to go away
You have no security measures there, dummy.
george bush do yer thing
.@realDonaldTrump
4 years don't get ahead of yourself.
8 years? God help us.
8 years lol you'll be lucky to see 8 months
Don't count your chickens b4 they hatch. The EC might choose your opponent over another 4yrs.
Just say no to Romney and Haley
Correction. Next 4 years. You lost the popular-vote by 2+ Million. There's not going to be another term. Make your $$$ now
Now chose Dr. Helen Parker for Dept. of Labor.
you know, you sound EXACTLY like a comic book villain when you say these things. Not even a good one.
2 probably at most
I'll wager impeachment round the 30th January next!!
in your dreams, you orange buffoon. You won't last a year. #nevermypresident
great that's the only word you know. You speak like 6th grader unless your on a TelePrompTer
Lord help us get through the first 4 years. With luck we won't be stuck with you for even that long.

8 years..I am tempted to bet that you won't be President  2 years from now!
meet with tribes of N Dakota and help them... something no prez has ever really done
Your pathetic lack of intelligence & understanding combined with the psychos in your cabinet will run US into the ground
sir, um, I would like a job where I help run the USA
4 years. That's all you're getting. Homelessness should straighten out a lot of the people who voted for you.
we don't give a damn
impeached in less than 2
it's every four years mr president.
got jokes
you will only get 4 if your lucky with Bannon!!
Sir I'm eager to see what role Sheriff David Clark plays. Leader of anti-gang task force?
8 years? You'll be lucky if you make it into office. December 19 is coming.
8 years??   try 4. If you're lucky!!!
. @realDonaldTrump you spelled "skinheads" wrong
cleanup the house floor now. We needed a strong say it as it is person. Some times the truth hurts. God bless your family
why are you wasting tax payers money and using your home base instead of the transitions office in DC?
You're only getting four, fucknut
More like 8 months
The best of luck!
Don't count on 8 years......no one is going to re-elect you.
u do know that ur term is only 4 years? Probably less once u realize being POTUS isn't a "task" to focus on just M-F
you spelled ruin wrong
4 years
You are a domestic threat to Americas democracy.
.@realDonaldTrump Newsflash: You won only 4 years. Don't you have some intelligence briefings to attend? You need some.
8 years? 
8 years?!?! bitch where?????
More tax dollars wasted on a grift to pay yourself rent.
4+4=8 but are we buying or are we selling? One election - two terms. Now this is truly the Art of the Deal!

four years
my love for trump can move mountains....
.@realDonaldTrump I hope you're wrong about 8. Many say they'll be surprised if you stick it out 4. I say: "so much for your golden years."
let's make it just two years.
#NEVERROMNEY!! RUDY FOR SOS!!
obviously U won't be 1 of them. 2 busy Making America Great again no doubt. Don't quit your day job loser.
FUCK OFF NAZI DRUMPF!
#NeverRomney
LOVE overconfidence........
4 years. You get 4 years
less than 4, buttercup. You're already fucked up and you haven't even been sworn in. History will LAUGH at you. Novice.
hello  how are you
Stop mixing your business with the role of the Presidency. You've lied and now we see how you're not keeping your promises
