Another photo op.  Stay home.
He’s disgusting.  I would think people are more concerned with fresh water and supplies then a visit from 
I got what you meant.  I despise him but I don’t condone violence.  And those poor people have every right to feel agitated. He failed ‘em
I just want people to be taken care of.  That’s all I’m thinking about.  Damn his photo op right?
Kick the mayors out of the way!
Need to employee
The political no one realizes that the mayor is a leftist anarchist period and anti Trump all the way
It'd be  better if you just stayed away and nursed those bone spurs that kept you out of Vietnam.
Where were you deployed Jeff?
Too young to be drafted to fight in a tragic war. Thank, God. Lost loved ones though.Trump lied to avoid being deployed.
War sucks.
I AM A TRUMP SUPPORTER FOR AT LEAST THE NEXT 7.5 YEARS.  SUGGESTION ON NFL PREGAME. LET'S ENCOURAGE ALL ACTIVE DUTY AND AND VET'S 2 SALUTE
quero ver você invadi a corea do norte. Seu comedia!!
IF I WOULD HAVE NOT MY ROOIF IN PERU AND YOU WOULD NOT BE ELECTED I WOULD BE ALREADY DEAD .  MAKE SURE THE DEA BRINGS TOLEDO IN NOVEMBER
Help make "America Great Again" by leaving your post as President of this already Great Country @realDonaldTrump // #Covfefe #FDT #MAGA 
It'll be interesting to see how long he stays & where he stays. I'm sure it will at least have a roof. Idk about a golden ceiling though.
Keep up the great work POTUS!
Did CNN give out free shirts?
The Fake News media is lying about Puerto Rico, sad partisan politics by the Leftist media.
We stand with you Puerto Rico. America is here to help!

Joke...lol
You haven't done anything but cause more harm.  #loser
No. You’ll be showing up for a photo op. That is the only thing you’re capable of doing.
How'd you hit them today??  You play nine or eighteen?
Your presence doesn’t fix the damage you have already done by being passive and then blaming PR for struggling.
ITS TO LATE FOR YOU  YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN THERE A FEW DAYS AGO IF YOU CARE
They probably don't want you there. I sure as hell wouldn't. You're just doing it for the photo op.
Are you going to hand out play doh again?
Consider not going, your ego is too big to allow supplies, volunteers, compassion to make it to the island (in the big water) #PRStrong
Do they still want you there? .@realDonaldTrump
You are responsible for the deaths of American citizens. History will not look kindly on you—nor will we. #TrumpsKatrina
What time will you be teeing off on Tuesday?
Thanks my friend 

Why won't you do something about all the children/babies being raped,molested, beaten .
I hope you see the gravity of it all. And the impact of your feet dragging have caused.
Golfing?
I no longer blame you for being a tool, I blame the congress that allows you to continue. We'll vote them out with you. #CleanHouse
Did you get invited?  I'm pretty sure they may not want you there.
Please just stay home.  You are a train wreck.
America should be embracing Puerto Rico not saying that they are mooching off of us.
Trump attacks San Juan's Mayor from his luxury golf resort where he is spending his 61st day as President golfing. While the Mayor lost her home and everything she owns and is still standing by her people, Trump cares more about his ego and wealth!

Americans have died because of your inaction and inefficiency. You are a FAKE PRESIDENT. Resign! #TrumpsKatrina
55% of people in Puerto Rico don't have drinkable water
You can't say "continue" because you never started giving Puerto Rico everything it needs.
Only took you 2 weeks, will you have the time to spare from all tweeting.
Feel like maybe you're trying to make yourself look good after making a mess of this whole thing? I dunno, just a thought.
No shit. Clean up - Aisle 1.
Try not to embarrass this more than you already have, okay? Maybe stop campaigning and try being the president for once. Have a nice trip.

Resign tonight
Had to be shamed into being president
Staff will make sure you don't get wet. We want to make sure you don't get traumatized like hurricane victims.
They hate you
Translation: "I will be in PR on Tuesday to bitch slap that mouthy brown mayor and get 18 holes in."
I don't think he's ever met a Puerto Rican if he thinks he's going to bitch slap anyone down there. Those folks don't abide much disrespect.
You should have been putting things in place before, during and directly after the hurricane you buffoon! Not over a week later! Impeachment
PRison?

There!  Was that so hard?  You are doing some good things but communicate like a drunk toddler  #compassion
hahaha who wrote that for you..Kelly no doubt

Good initiative Mr. President you're really GREAT God bless u Sir!
You had to wait until TUESDAY because your VACATION was MORE IMPORTANT. TAXPAYER MONEY spent EVERY WEEKEND so you can VACATION.EVERY WEEKEND
Why aren't you there today? Why haven't you been there yet? Too little, too late.
Our President lies so much, Twitter should consider pulling his account for violation of policy.
Then quit following him!
You don't have to follow him to hear his lies! He's got a real BIG MOUTH!
AND I LOVE EVERYTHING HE SAYS!

Your embarrassing
BTW it's "you're"
Bring the Mayor of San Juan a #MAGA hat, and a bottle of Prozac.
Good call. 

To be clear, this is the mayor of San Juan who he insulted. She's using a bullhorn to find people. 
Photo op
#censure #CensureTrump  #HR496
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
Please fuck off
I second this.
Third.
4th
5th.
6th
Seventh.
8th
Don't go! There's no reason for you to go. You're bringing a security nightmare for people who need food, water and electricity instead!
You're going to go there, have a photo-op at the airport and a shelter, and leave. Why go?

Oh, and hawk your campaign gear, of course.
You can get reports from the general you sent a couple days ago. Or maybe FEMA's director can go there and spend a few days in a shelter?
Going down there to kiss a brown baby won't prove you're not negligent or a racist. It'll just prove you're desperate to have a photo op.
By the way, here's what San Juan's mayor is doing today... and what you're doing today.
You really done Mr President, yet my Island need your support from. God bless you and your family and happy new year!
"The people" ....."Our people"
Oh lord!!! Shame on you and what you did to PR
@DonaIdTTrump 's Wimpy Principle.. "I'll See you Tuesday for a crisis that demands your personal attention yesterday..."
Mayor is in the water while the citizens are in boats due to the amount of flesh eating bacteria found In the water. Where is her brain.
Text want to know one
we love and support you and Melanie. Thank you for your patriotism and values.God bless America!
Thank you for doing all you can to help them.
The world is thinking that the good days of USA are gone,  Mr President,  kindly fix up what's wrong.
My son-laws family lost their home totally. Living in shelter. Most can not rebuild cuz no money. What can you do about that?
1st ay home looser
@realDonaldTrump  as a Puerto Rican women who voted for you. I'm disappointed in yourresponse the Mayor of San Juan. Apologies please!  ♡♡♡
The mayor needs to apologize to the people of San Juan!
Wikileaks revealed the GOP Clinton cronies:
Paul Ryan @SpeakerRyan  
Carly Fiorina
John Kasich 
Lindsey Graham
 John McCain 
TREASON, ppl!
make sure you move a twig for the photo
oops you left early.  What happened.  Twitter finger itchy.
NO sense of the Presidency.  U R emotionally unstable narcissist who is disrespectful to people of color.  MORE SICK THAN VEGAS SHOOTER.
Yes, go fly way out into the middle of the great big ocean with lots of water around it.
Mayb they do him like bruiser brody when he gets there

Fellow Mayor Rips San Juan Mayor's Trump | The Daily Caller http://dailycaller.com/2017/09/30/exclusive-fellow-puerto-rico-mayor-rips-san-juan-mayor-shes-not-participating-in-any-meetings/ …
Stay there!
@MattDove18 yet people say he’s not helping lol.
exactlyyyy
Are you going to stand a 1/4 mile away and hand out hot dogs? Stay home. Puerto Rico doesn't need your fat ads on their island.
And how long ago was the hurricane?
Pay attention to how you're received, Dolt, you are neither liked nor welcome in PR....just sayin, nothing FAKE about that #FakePresident
Hey Ed,Why don't you & your kind move to Puerto Rico or find another country!GetOffThisLawn!45#
all supplies are being held by @CarmenYulinCruz cuz of politics.Plz get @fema TO TAKE OVER.. obviously she can't do her job
Get that Mayor that says people are dying and starving to show you! She says they are not getting enough help.
You should have been there a week ago you lummox
They don't want YOU there. Too little. Too late.
...Save your energy Don, we'll do what has to be done! We got this!
Don't forget your golf clubs...
Tuesday,  they need help now!
والله ياترمب انت تخبط شجر ومحلبي تسلمت الرئاسة باردت غيرك وانت حاير شسوي
LOL!!!
Mamao
They would surely egg-bomb you... if they had any fucking eggs!
Please don't take your phone and don't come back.
You will be in PR to further photo opps and ensure that you get fake credit for everything that others are doing to assist & support...
Stop tweeting
Not one tear would be shed, if they beat your ass with the golf clubs you so callously left behind #YouPOS
YOU LACK FITNESS
Oh 8 month falling apart
https://www.facebook.com/DavidJHarrisJr/videos/1962839203928560/ …
...right after this round of golf.
TRAIN WRECK @realDonaldTrump
Why are you not there now? Golf is more important than America’s children?
See You Next Tuesday
Maybe karma will meet up with you there. Poetic
IT is an absolute disgrace to see MSM. lying, getting PR shots with a nut mayor. The US responded amazingly, and MSM. Slaps troop faces.
Puerto Rico needs their president to be there right now not on Tuesday
B+ you were there, but is it true that you tossed paper towels to members of your audience?
Bring the help, bring troops, do something, do your job!!!! #puertorico We are Americans!
Will you be waist deep in water helping your fellow citizens?   Or just anger tweeting at the people truly helping?
#Fake President who's a Real Racist!
Shut you. The mass majority of us know you are a liar.
when u get there draaaaaag that lying democrat mayor WE SUPPORT YOU DJT
#maga
Now I'm really amazed about U demeanor & lies.I'm a republican but I don't like U lies.They could've started earlier. U fault. SAy truth
You should have been there weeks ago
Literally no one wants you there. Send help, rather than yourself. PR has seen enough disasters.
Stay home. They don't need your presence they need your leadership and not your bullying on twitter! #bullywithatwitterfeed
I can only imagine how you will be greeted. Hopefully just as you deserve - with jeers and boos.
Thanks for giving them the warning ... sure word will spread although smoke signals .. idiot
It'll be interesting to see how well you are treated by the Puerto Ricans. Might want to take a jacket, might be a chilly reception. LOL
Please save The Tax Payers money... You will do nothing but cause more chaos! You are Unfit to run our Nation! Go back to your Tower!
They are unsavory, but their not on strike.


You'll be there? I feel even sorrier for the wonderful Puerto Rican people.
I'm sure all will be in perfect order when you leave. Just like everything else you touch. Nafta, Obamacare, the wall, coal jobs, the 99%...
What are you gonna even do guy just stand their and tweet about the NFL all day
TOO LATE!!!

I hope the PR people kneel in front of you to show you their disrespect...
As the chief of America the lack of respect the citizens of PR have is outrageous. You should react faster to a situation like this.
Guess who won't be in PR on Tuesday? This lady. (Lady was being generous)  If she is, check her pockets, you know how she is. Crooked.
Will Melania be there with you? What will she be wearing? Hopefully Manolo Blahnik again. Those shoes helped TX recover much quicker. Sad.
For what! Another photo op your handlers persuaded you to do?  Will you walk the streets or just stand on the plane and wave?And sell hats!
Puerto Rico truckers R "RATS" & don't care 2HELP & R ON STRIKE & demand $50 hour before they truck supplies . CNN/MSNBC & MAYOR avoids TRUTH
Oh..."going to" PR, not "doing" PR...got it...
Just stay on the golf course Mr. president....you will only succeed in deeper dividing people.
You will do nothing per usual.  Your presence there is, I am sure, not wanted.
Wow so quickly
Can you please do more for them than your lazy gold-plated ass did in Texas?
Reports of looting, relief trucks being hijacked. Truck drivers on strike. If this is true, drivers & military should be sent in, right?
There is a corrupt government there checkbit out while you there
Better borrow Pruit's security detail. Just sayin...But still #neverpence.
Looking for land for a new golf course?
Sure about that? You might not like the reception you’ll get and the world  knows how much you need to be liked
#TrumpsKatrina
We welcome you Mr. President!
We tell it like it is and I swear, you'll go home crying in the fetal position while your mom/daughter/wife tries to comfort you.
good idea ms president
Why are we supporting this welfare territory? Why do I have to work hard, pay taxes and they don't? I don't get it?
Take your time Donald, while Americans suffer on you watch.  After all it’s not like you have to row a boat there or book your own flight!
I hope they ask you why it took six days to get anything & why you refused to lift Jones act
Sir they are not doing anything for the people but blaming you for EVERYTHING including the hurricanes. Mental instability at it's best.

R.I.P Donald j. Trump 10/3/17
Be careful President Trump.
What are you going to do? Load a case of water through a truck window?

And give a great big SHOUT OUT to FEMA-  working day and night

Tired of golfing??
But don’t you dare, not for one second, EVER think you are better than anyone in this country or in this world, you are much worse.
You being there is like another hurricane coming.  You're hated and disliked.  Your priorities were proven when take a knee triumphed help
Thank you, Mr.President! #MAGA 
Ignore the evil people and fake news. Keep up the great work your doing! We admire and respect you!!!
Mueller is coming Donald! #ObstructionofJustice #AbuseofPower #TrumpRussiaTreason #RICO #MoneyLaundering #HumanTrafficking #ImpeachTrumpNow
@ConanOBrien can you call bullshit on this please?

You should take President Obama with you, he will show you how a Real Leader acts. Listen real close.
@9975Ts you r doing a great job! Thank you!!
Are you bringing the golf trophy?
Don't waste tax payers dollars. They do not want you there.
You harmed a lot of Veterans and other small business owners with your bankruptcies. Jesus Christ peaceful protestor who helped poor people
Stay home dude. It can be done without you.
