We're going to win em all!
No you're not taking down our National monuments take your selective outrage & find a safe space!
The confederacy is a vanquished nation , it no longer belongs on the national stage!!!!
Maybe D Trump could build a wall of crime?
You are an amazing man and America is so blessed to have you turning our Country around!
Trump getting in practice.


Can't wait to see what WaPo has on you - why else would you go after amazon this morning?
#PresidentProfitteer #FakeLeadership


Trump: "ouch, just pulled a muscle reaching around to pat myself on my back."
Omg...you really think a lot of yourself! You'll never be Barack Obama. Even Rosie O'Donnell has way more class! U make me wanna 
If I were running for office and you endorsed me I'd sue you.
That's just funny! ;-)
Thanks, even though this thing is so horrible I know he hates ridicule most of all so I try to ridicule him at least once a day.
Keep it up Doris, looks like you've been busy today. Some days we just need to vent and this avenue is certainly better than kicking the dog
Just a bad week, had to say goodbye to my Boxer Sadie, she was 14 and I'm going to miss her so much. Being sad makes me do mean tweets.
I am very sorry, loosing furry family is always extreamly tuff. Just be thankful they got to spend their time in a loving environment.
Thanks, she was my husband's dog, she worshiped him. He died a year and a half ago and she never was the same again. She was a good girl.
Picked up the Neo-Nazi and White Supremacist votes did he? Good for him. Just had to sell his soul. #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45 #shame #sad
Lol what s next for the left . first Russia now Nazis. Next he will be a Easter Bunny hater.
The only division that needs to happen on this country is diving him from the oval office 
That's weird, I don't remember Alabama sharing a border with Mexico.
Racist
LMAO! You spin shit like nobody else. Tell me how Confederacy won the Civil War & how white nationalist are 'taking their country back'. PLS
TRUMP 2020
make America white again!
I hear you just promoted your "comfort woman," as any Dear Leader would.

But he lost because people don’t like you.
GET OFF TWITTER
Yes, me me me me me! It's because of you! You are great! Btw, your wall will NEVER be built! #25thAmendment #TrumpRussia #FakePresident 
Dear Racist So-Called President,
When you are sitting behind bars, we will all laugh at your stupid tweets.
Is the stress of the Mueller Investigation making an already insane & bigoted man become even more crazy and racist?  I think so!
It looks like your Racist Rant was all another diversion tactic.  How's that subpoena look on your desk?
The best part is that the Grand Jury investigations are in Virginia and Washinton DC - both major african american areas!  Revenge will come
It will be fantastic to watch as a mostly African American Jury gets to vote on your guilt, and ultimately send you away for life!
Karma, it's only going to be a Bitch to you!  Karma will be America's saving grace!
#weaktrump
Still would Prefer Judge Roy Moore, Sir.  Luther Strange seems to be too aligned w/ @SenateMajLdr & the Establishment. IMHO.
Wow!
You suck.
Swamp! Vote against him!
He got all of your white supremacist friends
What are you strong on? Oh, yeah, supporting Nazis.
You and your entire republican party are a bunch of misfits and don't deserve any respect.  GTMFHAST!
You need to be impeached asap
Here you go!
Yeah. Wow. 1/3 of the country believe every stupid thing that comes out of your mouth, against better judgement. I'm so shocked. Pinch me.

Time to deport middle aged white terrorist
Jon. Strange is going to lose.  Which is good. Fyi
Look at the date.  #maga sorry mr trump someone. Not listing. To us
Trump, you are committing political suicide if you let DECA go thru, please don't do this. Also why Strange? Come on!
Y
#Winning
BREAKING NEWS:  ALABAMA doesn’t want or need Luther Strange. Get over it...we do things OUR way here in Alabama.
You backed the wrong horse Mr. President. Roy Moore will win.
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong ...
Not really.
I think it's clear China is giving Nukes to N Korea.
What? The only people who care what you think are the idiots that voted for you And those are sad people.
what happened to your other Luther tweets? he lost big time, because of you! Big time loser DT. health care, hurricanes,etc
Good
If he's strong on crime, then he'll be against you and your family and administration.
Will you deport middle aged white men now?
34%
Crime that the police almost all over are committing when the shoot a unarmed and compliant BLACK man? Obama DIDN'T, will you?
He is a fool
God you're amazing! I'll bet you give yourself a hard on
Just like a liberal to be profane
Trump, I see Russian bots and bannon bots pushing the whole "the left is violent."  *yawn* Propaganda fails quickly. Time is running out.
Propaganda doesn't work on the woke!
Yes. And everyone's eyes are opening up fast to the shenanigans. Might as well fire Bannon, Trump. He's hurting you :-)
I bet he can hurt him more from outside the White House.

All those DIRTY LITTLE SECRETS.
As long as he hurts him, I don't care where he's located... 
He hurts him either way.  Probably less inside the house.  Everyone is gonna turn on Trump eventually to mitigate their own damages.
tough on crime except for the crimes committed by the governor that he helped sweep away with a sweetheart deal.
Don't you mean despite your endorsement?

Everything is not about you..omg...
FAKE NEWS
Wow 
You used the phrase "since my endorsement." I think you meant to say "DESPITE my endorsement."
Waving your "i'm a petty little buy flag". Cut it out

Jewish-American WWII veteran Si Spiegel says Trump's words are an appeal to hatred. Si says he fought the #Nazis once, and he’d do it again. 
We don't need another career politician in Washington!
Strong on crime, but weak on Nazis.
Yeah, supporting Strange is like supporting McCain. He's a snake and RINO.
Vote Moore. No Strange who is a McConnell clone.
Wow! You're a turdburger!
Will you stop bragging about yourself!
VOTE LUTHER STRANGE. #MAGA
Jeeeeezis. Yeah..that was all you. Dolt.
AFTER THE LAST 2 DAYS AND YOU DEFENDING THE NAZI'S AND PRESIDENT BANNONS GROUPS YOUR ENDORSEMENT MEANS NOTHING ANYMORE IT WILL GO DOWN
Braggart
Jesus! You are diabolically pathetic! Is there ANYTHING you won't take credit for?
#JumpOverThatWallSir!
Being humble is a virtue. You should try it a little more.
Keep up the good work mr president us real people have your back!
But you support the Nazis
Idiot
WOW.....hope those White House renovations have expanded the doorways for your supersized delusional ego to get through
country even battered and confused leftist radicals. After all they are our leftist radicals. Thanks for all you are doing.
Yes the office of the Presidency has authority because of our constitution, our history and the honour of the men who have occupied it. Doh.
It's too late, Don. You can stop pretending that you're useful.
#FillingTheSwamp @lutherstrange would be nothing more than Mitch McConnell's lackey
A strange president endorsing Strange. Watch how history will make the two of you stranger.
[…] Un duro del muro contro il crimine […] That reminds me Mussolini, Hitler, and the related Goodfellas!
Hopefully some of these Rinos will c they will split the vote in 2018. And lose to the  Democatic Clan party. U know the Kkk
I guess he's a Nazi sympathizer too!! You're so awesome... NOT
You're strong on hate, bigotry and racism. Yay American we're becoming Russia.
I agree with many things you do and some things I don't! I'm very happy to say you are my President! Thank you for standing down N. Korea.
Let's put you behind a wall! Better solution than our south of the border friends but they are smarter and wouldn't take you haha tyrant
Stand tall, the battle is not your, it's the Lord's, this nation belongs to God not Obama.
Highly doubt that.  Shouldn't he have won easily?
Hope US gonna demo the Tunnels tht run under the Border&crack down on immigrant gangs(tht move illegal ppl&things ruiningneighborhoods)
Sorry but Strange is nothing more than another Mitch McConnell.  If you like McConnell vote for  Strange, otherwise vote Roy Moore.
#SYLH
It's the wrong Choice Mr. President this man is nothing more than McConnell puppet
YES Please strong on Wall and Crime Senator Luther!! 
Hopefully strong denouncing nazis too... maybe he will teach you how, since you are inept at it
He came in second haha. You lose. Sad.
If you think it has anything to do with you, your narcissism might be showing.
FAKE NEWS!! 
And as a sitting Senator still managed to come in 2nd place.  Imagine what he could've done without you.
Weak on morals and independent cognitive thought! We see that he has not disavowed your support for domestic terrorists. #Resist
LOL

Pathetic!
WHERE'S THE WALL? I HAVEN'T SEEN THE CEMENT TRUCKS ROLLING ALONG
Is all about you isn't it, Old Man?
it's all about you
We are with you ♡♡♡♡
It wasnt because of you. Its because of his own doing. Your head is getting to big for your shoulders. Its not all about you.
I agree with Donald trump a lot but we need Roy in bama
Ick. Just makes the flesh crawl. Do want credit for the sun coming up too? Just ick
And another racist like you.

#IStandWithTrump #TrumpRocks
Wall????? bwahhaha!
A run-off but not a sweeping win based on your endorsement?
Would that additional support involve White Nationalist organizations? Asking for a friend.
I hope he doesn't flip to other side as many in @GOP have five minutes following election- they follow the $$
All because of you? How big is your ego??
Yep it is all about you. What narcissistic foul you are.
you endorsing him only proves he is as crooked as you

Great job Mr President!!!
You are seriously taking credit for him doing good.  Do you ever get tired of patting yourself on the back?
Big orange neo nazi disrespectful of the whitehouse you shoild be more respect ful pf america and your job
Saddens me to say that you're backing the wrong horse.  Judge Roy Moore is a much better match for your policies.
You mean the wall that is only a political ploy by you for your alt-right base.
Looks like they both support #MAGA, may the best conservative win!
With all due respect sir, Strange seems to be a RINO in disguise.
Do you ever not brag? Why are u so insecure that u have to brag constantly?
Wow you are so special. Look at me, it's all about me.
I don't think support is the word you're looking for...
You have to praise yourself or pay someone to do it. People who really do a great job don't have to pay themselves on the back. #sad #USuck
You made a huge mistake endorsing Strange over Mo Brooks. I thought you wanted to drain the swamp. You may have added to it
What wall? The one you told your supporters Mexico would pay for but you were just conning them? That one?
Is that what you really should be concerned about when we have domestic violence occurring in our country because of you?!
Wow! Your dumber than most if us thought. Complete joke with Daddys' money. Lol but True. Sad!
I am glad you are strong sir. Protect yourself..Secret service MUST go after all who threaten your life sir
The blacks has caused all the racist problem
driprussiadripsubpoenasdrip

You don't even know what this means.  Repeated slogans is for mindless children
Let me take credit for everything
Fool
Yeah, You endorse & all the Nazis, KKK members and other hate crime lovers start coming out in droves.  Have you looked at approval ratings?
