I enjoy watching @foxandfriends more then any other FoxNews channel!
go away y
your spiritual manipulation just like paula white she fucking played you to get what she wanted and i and
you were quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
Who are these mysterious "so many others", eh? Please, do name them.
Great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. Thank you!...
: I switch to other News Media to see what? Big Contrast/here! Reporting instead of Hatred! Others showed HTE
There's something terribly wrong with you

go away
Step away from the Fox & Friends...
i have had it!!!!!!!!!
i am telling because its already told and proved
Tune to Real Media for the rest of the story.

By the way, where are those "tapes" you threatened Comey with? Let's hear 'em -- if you weren't lying about their existence. Fool.
Keep living in your bubble. It's sure to pop soon.
Did you notice that the former head of the FBI called you a liar and nobody on the senate panel disagreed?
One of these men is a liar ... and the other one is 6' 8"
#ComeyHearings #TrumpRussia
The POTUS is!!!!
Vindicated
You ruttish full-gorged strumpet
Love the fairness. Love you President Trump!  You are draining the swamp as promised. Yesterday's testimony show us the Clinton crookedness.
Thank you PRAVDA!
So sad that the US has become a circus!
ESPECIALLY JAMES COMEY!!!!!!! Your days coming big guy can't wait to see you perjure yourself and go to prison.
Did it ever occur to you that the rest of the world media would treat you better if you didn't lie and act like a crazy fool? Fox vs world??
Stay strong, Mr. President - we've got your back.

Also, you should seriously consider prosecuting JAMES COMEY!!
This is trap, obvious honeypot, brear rabbit
Would invite discovery and subpoena powers over president
Good shit my nig
Donald, you are fake news. A serial liar.
Trump lied abt Obama wire tap
Trump lied abt 3 mill illegal votes 
Trump lied abt Comey Tape
Trump lied abt Birtherism
Trump lied about ...
Being elected potus. #installed.. by russians no less. And he knew it was happening.

quick, change the subject so the world won't look at your corrupt ways.
You say leaker...we say whistleblower.
You are the ultimate troll.
#Resign
Interfered with election.
Who are these "others" because clearly not many are left to "trust"
Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
OMG! Are you actually watching tv?
Disillusioned much? Or did you miss the part where Coney stated trump lied
The President isn't currently, and was NEVER under investigation by the FBI for colluding with Russia. NOT. UNDER. INVESTIGATION.
Where you been?
You're welcome! ;)
We missed your tweets yesterday during the Comey testimony!
Fox doesn't get everything right, but at least a conservative outlet exists in America
Alternative media still gives the best coverage.
Crack cocaine much?
MAGA.    We win!  Again!  
The dems need to be prosecuted for wasting millions of dollars on BS that only slow POTUS down. Starting with an apology to everyone
Liar
Shocking!

Shocking video

: https://twitter.com/WayneDupreeShow/status/872885725095755776?s=09 …
You really got to start watching real news broadcasts.  Fox just is there to kiss your ass.
As a guy who, like so many, is a patriot who loves his country, I urge you to consider that your resignation would be your greatest honor
From this point forward, even your best achievements will be tainted, mocked, and all for naught. You will never make a difference. Ever.
Joshua 3:7
And the Lord said to Joshua, “This day I will begin to exalt you in the sight of all [1/2]
You do know that Trump can't pronounce the books of the Bible, right?
Just because he says he's a Christian, doesn't make him a Christian.
Comey suggests Trump is likely now target of Special Counsel probe http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/333618/comey-trump-under-investigation-special-counsel-obstruction/ …
Fake news gonna fake
We are happy the truth came out! Now that the President has been cleared we all need to work together to get America back on track! 
OH Don't Bet On It. The Liberals Including The Fake Media Will Make Something Else Up And Shout Their PROPAGANDA To The World.
Comey called Trump a liar five times. Did you miss that?
Comey showed himself to be weak,the man has no credibility at all! Whatever he had left after the HRC scandal, he completely LOST yesterday!
Comey sold his integrity to Lynch for 30 pieces of silver and then she welshed on the deal.
Oh we all know she IS ! Just damn, she will get away with it ALL.
She must be the greatest criminal genius of all time! Trump, however, is a moron. He will die in prison.
Donald Trump is my President! #AlwaysTrump
#MAGA
100% Flag waving American who voted for #Trump to #MAGA
We needed him. 
#MAGA
AND BOY DID WE EVER NEED HIM!!!!!
Yes we did and still do!  We won the jack pot when he became #POTUS  #Trump2020 #MAGA
Thank God for our President 
May 11th:
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/11/us/politics/trump-comey-firing.html?_r=0 …

On May 12th, Trump tweets [beware of] "tapes":
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/863007411132649473 …

Jun 8th:
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/06/08/full-text-james-comey-trump-russia-testimony-239295 …
As I said, he did share information with others in the FBI about the converstaions, didn't keep it secret. This is a nothing burger.
He did NOT "provenance" them! (Procedure to have a superior official or notary initial & time/date stamp them.) Prevents back-documenting!
If he proved to his agents a few hours and days after he wrote them, he's good. Like I said this is a stunt by Trump and his lies are,...
"His agents", e.g., the others who were leaking government material to the press...
The provenance MUST be contemporaneous! It's government.
Dude, are you mental or something, why not just use the quote feature? That said, Trump threw all of that out with a single tweet. Period.
The swamp is draining one leaker at a time!  #IStandWithTrump #IStandWithHannity #AmericaFirst #MAGA

That is my #POTUSTrump the hardest working President ever!  Keep up the good work.  We are with you 100%!  #IStandWithTrump  #MAGA

Yes there is, and we all have your BACK and SUPPORT you #POTUS all the way!
Against the Deep State, MSM
Cooked Lying Fake News
#MAGA
Knock yourself out all you want but the Great Wall of Trump will always remain!  I love my #POTUS   #Trump2020  #MAGA
First @POTUS to keep his Promises that he made while campaigning.
#Trump2020
#MAGA
all the others went to people that dont like you stick of for veterns my assmore like the church for
lmao you have nothing for agenda based on correlation that never existed of my grandpa and your brother
just like the christens your running behind selling awareness on what you or your family know nothing abou
@POTUS  Dont kill wild horses, stop trying to manage wildlife.  let overpopulation, natural selection win.
Great reporting is actual reporting. Not a bunch of people sitting around giving opinions biased towards you.
The fact that anyone is cheering that a credible man under oath called you a liar and a man not to be trusted is absurd.
He lied under the oath. I would fire him too based on what he did during the election. People are so biased against Trump.
America still supports you president Trump.
You do know more Americans supported Hillary?
Those supporters are really hard to find on Twitter. Most I talk to say they supported Bernie. More lies.
They hate you too.. quit sucking up!
Puh leaze
did your ego swell some? seems like it...
couldn't believe James Comey FBI director such a wuss Trump POTUS gave an opinion Comey calls it a lie bogus
Who are the "so many others" ? I thought it was only Fox you liked and the rest were "fake" ? Who else spun it to make you look good ?
what #America wants to get rid of is @realDonaldTrump aka #POSIC aka #POSOTUS & about #LYERS & #LEAKERS FYI they're all the same #POSIC
Bull puckey. Fox is full of liars like you.
Come hearing was Bullshit
They're starting to report actual facts - you're doomed, Donnie. #TrumpRussia
You mean they said what you liked? Well, Adolph, that's not great reporting. Not by a longshot. That's state-supported propaganda.
Only show to watch in the AM
We know you only like the reporters and stations that pat your head and tell you how great you are.
Oh what did Donald crybaby get some nice said about him
Very true! Unfortunately, we lost Bill O'Reilly and now they're trying to silence Sean Hannity.  America is going to hell in a hand basket.
- Ha Ha I have watched CNN for the last two days. They have all called you a liar!
awareness of the way there country treated them do we allow our children to be hindered for future kindness
I'm So Sick of all this BS, Our country needs help now, and I blame not only the DC but the Rep..Stop it and lets go forward..A Navy Vet
Con artist. You have shitty tv shows too.
Oh, so now they AREN'T reporting FAKE NEWS??? Make up your mind. Guess it's only FAKE when you say it is.
It should be @foxfriendsandfools -- cause we follow blindly and believe EVERYTHING the Big Don thinks or says. We're MORONS and we know it!
Pleeease!   They are the fake news.
Resign already!
Good ole FOX news.  Who else would support the Liar in Chief but False Fox News.  Anything else(like the truth) would disappoint.
Yep, great job @foxandfriends. You lie just as much as the man that calls himself the President. @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump
.@POTUS made 492 false stmts in first 100 days. I can't wait for Trump to testify under oath before trained FBI agents.  #TrumpMustTestify

Wonder if they will think different, when Putin walks up and salutes them.
@realDonaldTrump great news from so many outlets that you can only name the same, old, tired one?
Thank you @foxandfriends for coddling the toddler... use only nice words in hopes one will metion the other by name.... " All hail Zod"
Speaking of lies, DJT just said another.That he is willing to testify under oath. He never intends to, he'll blame lawyers, just like taxes
President trump?  I'm not good at social stuff?  I'm a former lib now conservative. Don't stop. We need you.
The Dem wanted to get him fired when he called out Hillery. He is scared he will be next to die. HAPPEN alot around the Clintons
You do understand that foxandfriends keeps reporting fake news just to keep you mentioning them? Its a ratings thing you know...
"So many others" - not sure what reporting YOU'RE reading (haha, that's right, you don't read) but no CREDIBLE sources think you're ok.
You promised to never lie to America. Another broken promise. How are you going to get around that habitual lying thing under oath.
滚犊子
I thought you considered them fake??
translation: I'm a narcissist
That's more like our Potus
So you praise the champion of fake/false news? Thanks! #goestocharater
learning doublethink and newspeak due to peer pressure and a desire to "fit in", gain status within the Party be seen as loyal Party Member
Great so now because you say so, it's NOT FAKE NEWS... Make up your mind, if you only had a Brain...
you love Fox because they're as sexist and misogynistic as you.
Taking notes from your boyfriend, Putin? He has a national propaganda channel, too! Monkey see monkey do!
Praying for you, your family, your entire team, all the victims of this senseless shooting. May God continue to Bless you
#FakeNews Fox is to news what pro wrestling is to sports. You should know that.

You are so welcome Me. President. America loves you!! Best person in America. The real First Family. Number 1!!!!!
(#RussianTrollBot). Nice work.
Not a fan of FOX anymore I like getting my news straight from you. The left will not let this go even though you were VINDICATED
It's just too much all these BOTS on your Timeline.. You still have support #45
They won't be sympathetic much longer. Murdoch is DONE with you. He's a human being after all and hates liars and IS a self made man
What are you going to do when @FoxNews turns their back on you? Who do you have left? You like them because they praise you! You are foul.
NYTimes, Washington Post, WSJ, the Economist...
Just remember it's Fox Entertainment News not Fox News it's fucking fake news
"great reporting" and Fox News in the same sentence?? Hell has frozen over!!!
You mean the yes men who slant everything in your favor, dismiss the truth as lies & fawn at your feet? Yeah, that's some great "reporting".
Fake news
Funny how wiki leaks when it helped your campaign & the biased reporting of @FoxNews become positive when you benefit from them.
Just so you know fox and friends isn't a news show it's basically the tmz political propaganda.
You are sooooo corrupt!
Fox is the fakest of the fakes! A skunk always smells it's hole!!
Also OAN One America News Network.  Direct-tv Channel 347
Yes, yes thanks for the special treatment of me and my People!
They are Fake news who report ALTERNATIVE FACTS.SAD. SMDH. YOU ARE PITIFUL
Fake news! Sad.
Fox is not a news network. Do the research. Fox is a commentary. #therealfakenews
@doorydaoc don't worry fox and friends has it right.
You have the intellect of a stone. Please resign.
Clown
KOX is the only trusted news in this planet.
Great reporting... by those who agree with you! Because that's what's great - no differing viewpoints.
Fox and Friends. That's all you've got. Pathetic.
Fox no longer had any credibility when it comes to reporting anything about you.
Lock him up!!!  Lock him up!!!  Lock him up!!!
Fox news is fake news! They are a total joke! You like them because they kiss your ass!
Real journalists.
Try to watch PBS news hour because it is more even reporting, which is better for seeing things clearly.
Just saying putting the words 'reporting' and 'fox and friends'  together is a total oxymoron. Look it up.
"Lordy, I hope there are tapes"
Fox is listed as an entertainment channel. Alex Jones is a "character" according to him. Might want to hit real news.
If you want to get real news, tune into Fox.
family services took them for these truths????? They were born here and so was i and my grandmother which
CNN says youre welcome, sweetheart.
Oh so the only news that isn't "fake" is the only that somewhat supports you? Ironic I must say
by the church in my heritage which is Scottish which caused same cycles in there freedoms ????
Thank You President Trump and to All the Folks at Fox that report The Real News for All Of America.
Get the Truth Out.
So many others? Fox & Friends is your fan base. Who else? Lie.
