I voted for you can I take it back? Your kid tried to cheat so he has the same shit moral compass as you do. Which way is north?
It wasn't a crime!  Hillary paid Ukrainian agents for dirt on Trump!  It was so nutty that NYT & Post wouldn't print it!  #samestandard
It probably was but she's not president.
Read this, look at sources-->http://www.snopes.com/hillary-clinton-uranium-russia-deal/ … just because ppl repeat things doesn't make them true
Respect to you. It's never easy to admit when we are wrong. Hillary was never the evil monster the right/Fox News made her out to be.
True but I couldn't bring myself to vote for her in reality I didn't vote for him or her there were both so wrong for us
Couldn't disagree more, especially after researching policies of both, but it's ok to respectfully disagree. Need more respectful debate
Why can't more people be like you? Hilary isn't evil she's just boring as shit lol. Trump is polarizing.
Witch Hunt...Sad !
That hospital didn't exist in 1961, blacks were listed as negros in 1961, Kenya was nt yet a country in 1961.....
Your son is not a child, he's nearly forty.  This is unacceptable.
Macron is only ten days older than Don Trump Jr.  Stop treating them as a child, it's nonsense.
Do you feel the walls closing in on you? You and your campaign worked with Russian officials to help you win. That is close to treason!
Never happened! #delusionalliberalidiot
He was not. He learned to lie from you. Face it. Your children are just as corrupt as their father.
Oh please!  You loved liar in chief!
The actual, etymological witch hunts where women were literally burned at the stake? Jr. better hope Sessions doesn't bring those back!
Not one woman was burned at the stake.  You might want to read a book about your gender's history.  Very mean picture of you. Appropriate.
However, it was a legal option under English law of the time, which the MA colonies were subject to. And was happening for heretics there.
Looks like the cookie jar was empty but Jr was caught with his hand in it anyway. Is he the only Trump committing treason or are you too?
Most intelligent, patriotic citizens would not do meeting, realizing it's TREASON. But trumpito ain't the sharpest knife in the drawer.
Not treason!  No law against it! #makingmountainoutofanthill
Said the troll with a whole 9 followers. #Putinbots
What planet are you from?  Is collusion with rival nations standard operating procedure there?
Dems have no platform except obstruction and bringing you down and it will not stop till we put them out of DC 2018 and 2020 and clean up..
Schools and colleges of liberal ideology only then will world return to some sort of normalcy till then we must fight back against Liberals
Very transparent with information already public. As more information becomes known #TrumpJr becomes more transparent... about his lies!
You meant to say  "open, transparent and is innocent" but you didn't because he isn't.
What crime did he commit?  There is no law against him meeting with a foreign national!
Never said he did anything illegal. He's guilty of lying.
Anyone who says anything besides "  Witch Hunt " "  Fake News "  or  " Fake media " Gets a high five   . #FakePresident
The swamp can not stand the truth!
They forgot that they are there to serve the American people not rob them! The big scam is coming to an end!
Stop using words you don't know like #transparent or #innocent 
#dumpTrump #CheesePuffinChief
Idiot...
I agree Trump The Lesser was completely transparent. In that we can all see right through him..
#JailForJunior
Deep State. Lock Her Up, or this won't stop. Drain that damn swamp!
Not so open, innocent or transparent when he lied again on Fox news. Must have learned that trait from daddy. Must learn what a good job is.

His own emails prove he knowingly took a meeting with Russian sources. You're a joke.
He is as transparent as a brick wall. And just as intelligent.
Your own statements about Hillary around the time of meeting certainly seem to indicate you knew about them. The lies are catching up with u
Fire Mueller. Sessions guit hiding and do something about Clintons, Lynch etc. Time for scorched earth policies. Get tough now.
Your son screwed the pooch, man. 
Time to attorney up some more I guess.
I agree. This is the absolute GREATEST witch hunt in history. I've never seen so many witches get caught at one time.
Keep it classy GOP.  Your young are in the next room, if you're hungry.
we the people who elected you are with you and support you and your administration 100% MAGA
@DeplorableAlex but U r right sir. Your son,stands strong,honest,against their attacks.
My new holiday card!
Except all the stuff he forgot to mention, like who was in the meeting. And all the lies before hand denying that there were meetings.
hー
It's only a witch hunt if there's no merit to the allegations. There's some pretty strong evidence against Don Jr..  So...not a witch hunt.
Your son lied and continues to lie.  By the way, were you in that meeting too?
Transparent? Like the wall? Like your friend Jim? Like the space between your ears?
Ugh you didn't use the oxford comma
Maybe we need to use language you understand, "you're fired!"  #impeachtrump #turncongressblue
it's not a witch hunt when he drops the damn emails in their laps.
He's a traitor like his father.
I know, right? Its like he tweets out evidence of his crimes, and now everyone knows he's a criminal. Its so unfair!!!
Transparent about? Meeting with Russian government agent (collusion). Not mentioning who all was actually there. And you didn't know???
Not collusion! No law against meeting with a foreign lawyer!
At first y'all idiots was saying it wasn't any, now it's not against the law... Smh just say you wanna suck his dick Damn smh
No  Bengazi was bigger witch hunt.  Took years and cost millions.  This has just begun.  Yay!  Looking forward to it.
Realy? What about that fantasy you had that Obama was born in Africa?
So transparent and innocent that he never mentioned it till he was found out. #Colluder
Trump's lawyers knew about Jr's meeting with Russians three weeks ago but Trump says he just found out. Liar or incompetent?
three men walk into a bar, a mob boss, a spy, & a russian lawyer; the bar tender says ''u must be here for the adoptions''
He lied, then lied, then lied again, and Now he is transparent? How would we know? after all the lies? Sad!
If your son really wanted to be transparent, he would have taken a real interview with a real interviewer who did not sugar coat everything.
How was he transparent? We are still getting versions of the "truth." Sad, is right!
Not a witch hunt our democracy doing its job.  Thank God these are checks and balances in our government.
transparency - revising yesterday's lies to accommodate today's disclosures
He lied right to Hannity's face.
If you want to stop a witch-hunt, stop riding around on brooms with Russians.
Transparent,  I think not. He came out because he knew it was coming out in the news! Nobody believes that crap, not even you!!
#Liar @DonaldJTrumpJr plans to resign from being Mr Tiny Hands' son citing too much #treason & #corruption.
Your son is a liar and a criminal.  He learned from the best.
Finally, we have an American Patriot President in the White House again!!! Time to put an end to the radical lefts insanity!!!
And you're the witch!
Imagine you could be golfing and sipping on your cocktails  with Melania and people still liked u and admired ur richness. Look at u now!
Why is it the day after that meeting, you mentioned "33,000 emails"? Just something you pulled out of the air? You knew.
Inmate#2353 hehehehe
Looser
it's not a which hunt ITS FACT #youranidiot #moron
Karma is a bitch. She will come after U w/vengeance for lying to USA voters. UR own son will be UR demise. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
DJT Jr is just as guilty as you are of collusion! We all know that you are covering up the truth! The TRUTH will come out! Muhahahahah......
politics BOTH @Sneedlings @lynnsweet know when I was w/d early Reynolds campaign I was OPPOSITE of ts #racecard politics! Also d #HolySpirit
There she is at public hearing a week later sitting with Democrats! Hillary & Obama, Deep Syate started setting up Trump over a yr. ago!
The greatest Witch maybe.  Witch hunt, I don't think so.  They are just protecting their democracy.  Try doing your job and pass some laws.
Happy!
Just rise above it big man ! Don't let people get to you! Some people love to hate !!
A LyingTrump witch hunt.
Jr and you oh yea and Jared are going down!!!!
Not a witch hunt. More like a traitor hunt. 
See you and your family at the treason trials... #MAGA ■■■
I do wish u'd just stop tweeting d.t.
why is it when clinton is caught getting questions for media or other illegal stuff. the media  says nothing about it.
Maybe if the FBI etc. were to go after Hillary/Hussein/Podesta etc. they would be to busy covering their "6" and leave yours alone
How many people were in the meeting??? Transparent, NOT!! Innocent, NOT!!
If you don't understand this one, because it's subtle - ask! I'll use more pix and smaller words.
#Sad @andyserkis
I hate you
The sad thing is USA stuck with foreign agents in the White House. Criminal mob family in the people's house
Liar, Liar, pants on fire. Get a prostitute to put it out for you with pee... i hear you like that.
So why does Orange Amoeba Jr. continue to lie about this so called transparent meeting??
You're going down fake president!  Traitor! Treason!
You really had to congratulate your son in Twitter because of what a failure both of you are? Huh, makes ya wonder...
#FakePresident
The greatest witch hunt thing again? Um, does the date Nov 22 mean anything to you?
@DeplorableAlex please don't say transparent lol. Obama ruined that word and meaning. Lol
No, THIS, was the greatest witch hunt in political history. Judge Jonathan Corwin house, Salem, Massachusetts
Fam,friends not savvy of gov & security. Their desire to help you is destroying your presidency.Get rid of them ASAP!
Witch hunt? Seriously, how stupid do you think Americans are? Caught red handed! By his own admission. Mueller coming. 
Yeah he so transparent not only did he forget the meeting at 1st but then he forgot 2 people that were there isnt it amazing how transparent
Michael Reagan

 I would have met with the lawyer from Russia if I thought it might help my father.I would not have been breaking the law
The thing about witch hunts is sometimes they find witches...
Do you think before you tweet baby donald...
the way things are going, Donald Trump junior will be our next president in 2024! Keep up the great work, thanks!!
Amazing!!! Five LIES in one Tweet. @TrentKittleman  #wackliesmatter
One word. No.
Liar.
You are sad little man. sad and mean and sometimes hateful, as president you think it okay@realdonaldtrump
You call your son a quality person? Where are Donald Jr's Ethics like Honesty, Morality, Intelligence, Kindness!  #RussianCollusion
We all know you masterminded every aspect of collusion with #Russia, but as a serial liar and a coward, you will never admit it. #FakePOTUS
& COLLUSION isn"t illegal. It's Politics. FAILED SET-UP! ILLEGAL COLLUSION =HiLIARy in RUSSIA W/ $$ going 2 Clinton Foundation. God Bless
I feel sad for him.
You are Delusional Donny! Nearly everyday a new lie is discovered. A new omission. A new lack of transparency and more guilt. Resign now.
Given the news that came out since that interview your son is as dishonest as you. He flat out lied to Hannity.

Russian Concussion Collusion Delusion
@realDonaldTrump   TRUMP JR  JUST CONFIRMED COLLUSION WITH RUSSIANS. LOCK HIM UP -     LOCK HIM UP    -  LOCK HIM UP
#DonaldJr did an incomplete job in explaining his meeting w/the #RussianLawyer. The "apple" didn't fall far from the "tree." #sonlikefather
But the Obama birth certificate claim you made for years from reliable "sources"  was OK? No witch hunt there. You're SAD!
I thought you were, "greatest witch hunt in political history!" Stop whining. U and your son are going down for fraud..
Trump: "Did you see the size of that crowd at my inauguration?" Jr.: "Yes master. There must have been about 7, or, 8 hundred out there."
Fake, Fake. HE LIED,  FAKE NEWS
HC Truth: Congress purchases their health insurance offered by the ACA but, the fed govt (t/payers) subsidizes 72% of cost. WHY
You're a sad man who should grow up.  We are people not products, I may not have your money but I'm better off.
If your son gets anymore transparent he's going to need to move his office to MSG. But you knew nothing, right Comrade? Pls make Putin angry
Wow. If this is your definition of transparent I'm curious what your definition of #collusion is! #dripdripdrip
THIS is the greatest witch hunt now!? I thought that was the one to get you?? LOL Either way, nobody believes your words.
It appears that @DonaldJTrumpJr is as transparent as your tax returns. #TrumpLies #trumpthetic #TrumpRussiaCollusion #CrookedDonald
So transparent and innocent...
#putinpuppets all of you!
#akhmetshin
@NoIntrests  sad
You funny little man. Putins gonna be so dissapointed in you.  Not mad,  just dissapointed.  I guess stupid doesn't fall far from the tree.
Not so transparent now is he? Two more people were in the meeting. Like father like son, lie til the end. #DumpTrump #DumpAllTrumps SAD
Anyone who is the protégé of Roy Cohn doesn't get to cry "Witch Hunt!" The world simply does not work that way.
Fake News is worthless. Standing strong behind you Sir.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The apprentice Donald is too dumb to know better-or is biggest cheater- #LOSER like his father, #failingdonaldtrump. Give it up Donny. SAD!
When you defend "the meeting" as just politics...everyone who voted FOR you to drain the swamp should feel betrayed, because they have been.
Wehre are you from
You are one of the greatest liars of all times. You and your family. Scandalous ,sickening
Truth + Intent = Collusion (AGAIN)

Fact Checking 101 tutorials jeff? Facts too numerous to post. @potus speaks words of No Consequence.
I doubt you are the greatest witch.
Mr President your family should and will be off Limits the Politicians Media are fixing to hit a brick wall the Forces of Evil C/N win"Amen!
Delete your account.
Stop the lies. Everyone.....
Fake president
Surround urself w experienced politicians, would have advised u better. Theyre better at dealing w monkey business than businessmen. Sad!
Your right! You would think that he was selling uranium to the Russians for personal gain or something!!
Oh shut up and do your job.... my god...
Since you've been requested to remove your fake "Time" cover from your golf resorts you might consider this real one as a replacement:
You needed to be impeached and convicted yesterday.  Trump, you're a crook!
Trump's response to the leaking of the e-mails: "I know it was you, Jared. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!"
Release your taxes as you said you would. Are you a big LIAR and Con Man?
He's a piece of shit just like his dad
FAKE NEWS
Its not a witch hunt, when there are FACTS!!! #TrumpRussia #TraitorTrump
Your son was transparent alright,he had no choice, don't know about the innocent,all you trumps love to act innocent.
Sickening that you asked Russia to leak Hillary's 33,000 emails in your 2016 speech. Knowing that your family worked with them. Treasonous!
It was a joke!  #fuckingstupidliberal
You must be replying to the wrong tweet. Nothing funny here
No! What's sad is you and your family! Attack everyone with blowhard insults, but faced with facts of your own poor behavior and you cry BS
You are the worst president ever. Hopefully, America will survive your weak, inept, cowardly, traitorous presidency. #TraitorTrump
No whAt he is a lying rich ass hole I hope he makes he's way to a federal prison so they can grab him by the pussy lock him up
Buuuurn Witch, Buuuuurn!
#MAGA
#ImpeachTrump
##PutinsPuppet
I agree Mr. President!!!
Only next to the 1 they keep trying on U. #Sad fortunately U've raised great kids!  I'm so impressed w/all the pressure they remain poised
no disrespect, the ONLY witch hunt I see is coming from you sir!!!!
This is truly SAD
I'm with you to the end!!!
Kushner, Manafort, and your son deliberately met with a foreign agent to try and get dirt on Hillary, then denied/lied about it. Sad.
No he didn't. You lied. He lied. Kushner lied. Then you all fell down. Boo hoo.
Only thing sad is You
You are all traitors Don.
But, wait!  You love emails!
Your son is as big a criminal as you Trump.
Your dinettes son found the witch, but she couldn't deliver.
...says the biggest witch in the country
Your son Donald is a liar, a thief, a grifter and a traitor- just like you!
I WOULD NEVER NAME MY SUN DONALD.... POOR little DONELD
ur son is not a kid or young man, he's a father of 5 for gods sake. Almost 40, runs a business empire - HE KNEW WHAT HE WAS DOING #impeach45
i'm praying for you
President Trump.  We believe in you!
We support Don Jr.  We r think the accusers have a very wicked agenda
- The weirdest president too...
