my family is praying for you and we wish you well
trump is good
see you soon rain or shine! Make America safe and great again
no thanks! I'll be busy building a bomb shelter in my backyard!
Congratulations! God bless you. #MAGA
you mean after you take the weekend off first of course.
have a wonderful day
Godspeed Mr Pres! Drain the swamp and do what you said you were going to do and get the job done! God Bless America.
Unsubscribe
congratulations to us all Mr. President. God bless you for returning America the great once again...
May the Lord bless this day and help you steer this country back to greatness. Congrats President Trump!!!!!!
Congrats on Inauguration Day! Enjoy every moment! Let's Make America Great Again!
Celebrating This exciting event, History a new beginning
Lets see whether you can deliver a good speech. :)
stop Tweeting and get to real issues you Moran
please CALL the Democrats who plan to boycott today to ask them to come together as a nation.
you can't end the ACA without a replacement plan ! You said you would expand Medicare leave SS alone . You best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AREppyQf5uw …
I dont trust the scene my self # dont underestimate.. i wud have sworn in privacy, party l8tr...
thanku sir for your cool
Congratulation my President
proud American wearing red and a  USAF 20 year Veteran.. A great day Sir to see you as our Commander In Chief  #MAGA
all the best
Take those reins Donald and make the difference be felt around this world! Peace
take care of my Governor. He is the best in the world.  Thank you for answering the call to lead.
Good luck sir, so when will you give us.(Turkiye) terrorist leader Fethullah Gulen.
you mean bowel movement, right? What a load of crap. #trump #notmypresident #fuckofftrump
Toby Keith dropped a surprise single for #Inauguration day & he asked me to upload the lyric video http://youtu.be/FECf6cD0k4s  @realDonaldTrump
Toby Keith got Putin's leash on
soo ready for you to Make America Great Again.
best wishes
More like a bowel movement.... sad!
you still ain't got no hoes tho
Good luck sir, I wish you every success.
The Nazi Cheeto gets his moment in the spotlight before cutting taxes on the wealthy.
you're still illegitimate.
ahhh. Did Russia make Hillary corrupt? Baby
#theresistance
Ladies, don't forget to wear your protective inaugural dresses. #TheResistance
#TheResistance
A sneak peek at Trump's new Presidential podium. #TheResistance
This is the only wall we want to see built. #ImpeachTrump  #TheResistance
And finally, your daily reminder that you will always be the popular vote LOSER.#Illegitimate #inaugurationDay
You do realize the numbers on hillary's side include illegal, and deceased votes as well..?
One plea...keep this house as clean as my president did for the last eight years.
Mr President please suspend future presidential elections and crush the left wing without mercy.
and they say trumpists are constitutionalist....
@TrumpShutdown, @TrumpShutdown, @TrumpShutdown, @TrumpShutdown
Congratulations and Thank You!  We're hopeful that you can turn this mess around.  GOOD LUCK & God Bless you & America!
#TrumpShutdown
#SchumerShutdown 
Nope. #TrumpShutdown
恭喜恭喜，愿两国关系和谐，愿两国经济共同发展。。另外你家老师母比奥巴马家老师母漂亮。
Oh,
 honey
Done entertaining any compromise on DACA. Not paying servicemen, first responders and denying services to kids over illegal criminals? I draw the line..they need to get the hell out and thank chuck on the way home
Slave mentality
Hoards disability benefits.
Witchunts female students, vets, employees since the 70s.
Violating EEoC most basic No-Nos
Pimps harassment, sex crimes against humanity.
Gaslights in every language/country w books he can't read & didn't write.
Mental maturity=Age 12
#ThankYouMrPresident45
Jan 20 2018 #TrumpShutdown #Trumps1stYearAtHogwarts  Trumps eating cheese burgers right now watching #FoxNews and listening to Melania bitch about Stormy Daniels. Barons playing his Ouija board. Great 1st yr @realDonaldTrump anniversary party.
And the work has ended. 364 days to break the government.
このツイート面白スギィ！自分、RTいいっすか？淫夢知ってそうだから大統領に就任させてやるぜ！いきなりリプしてすみません！赦して下さい！なんでもしますから（支持率をあげるとは言ってない）
He's defective.
We want a refund!
MAGA
#trumpshutdown
Ha ha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha
How is that working out for you?
will the crowds for the shutdown be as piddling as they were for the coronation?
#TrumpShutdown
And today it ends.
you are not good at what you do
I LOVE YOU POTIFUL!!!! HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!! 
Bravo for a super first year to our GREATEST @POTUS @realDonaldTrump . THANKS FOR SACRIFICING TO SAVE AMERICA.
....and you spent the entire time golfing.
.@@realDonaldTrump the real movement and works already begun #whyimarch #womensmarchonwashington #WomensMarch
That doesn't even look rel. Those aren't people. They're M&Ms. @realDonaldTrump
Or a bowl of Skittles?
I think President Trump will be one of our best Predidents ever!
#trumpshutdown

Readers and writers
can't wait for you to be potus

later this morning it'll seem pretty real.
FUCK TRUMP! #NotMyPresident
he isn't yet, but if you're an American citizen he will be later today. #MAGA #Inauguration
#NotMyPresident Can't wait to see the protests today!  AMERICAN will stand up to this dictator!
dictator? He was elected fair and square. Sorry snowflake. Need a hug?
He won with the help of Russia and he still lost the popular vote by 3 million!  He's not a winner!
Go Donald! Thank You. Never been so very proud. Finally have an Adult in charge
#trumpshutdown
#SchumerShutdown
Thank you for respecting Hardworking Americans taxpayers 
Happy Presidents' Day Mr. President. Loved your talk the other day and your wife doing a prayer. It Was beautiful.
#trumpshutdown
It feels like the same!   Fuck everything...again!
you started off wonderfully. Making it impossible for low income and middle class people from buying homes. #liarinchief
wanna pay for the Wall.  Turn the roads from Mexico to the US into toll roads
feel so sorry for Americans.
Is there an official tally of how many white nationalists were lost to autoerotic asphyxiation yesterday?
movement? I left the 60's behind.
. proud American!!! President Trump has American workers backs!!!!! THANK YOU
Too bad it was a small turnout.
You WONT see me. I am boycotting your inauguration!
Please,please with  all respect you need to act
More presidential  please,today was painful 
Thanks.
great speech,  down to earth and what WE need in this country
Washington DC would require an Martial Law if the brats don't stop by Monday! #MAGA
Plenty of parking! Smallest crowd EVER. Lowest approval ratings EVER. You on a roll, Dude. Promise the lies continue too?
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
what movement? A bowel movement? Because most of the things you've done so far is bullshit
Your head's so big that it has its own postcode
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
Hallelujah!
hail tro the chief!
https://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/new-nokia-3310-is-useless-in-many.html …
I signed $executiveorder changing Twitter's "#" to "$." MAKING ME RICHER STARTS TODAY-Didn't gv pen I used away.It's $gold
haha! No one came to your inauguration! All those stupid people at your rallies and not one of them showed up! #prezasshat
I’d give you a nasty look but you’ve already got one.
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
I am excited. The D don't believe u are going to be the best but we know better. U prv them wrong Mr P
This President means business and gettin' it done!! Now, if we could just get a cattle prod for Schumer!! Liberals all talk
@ComedyCentral #2020
Mr. Trump - You are delusional if you think dumping environmental regulations is what we want
please just make america great again
#trumpshutdown
Congratulations on on your inauguration!
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
good
Mr.President,I'm proud to be an american and your speech was outstanding after your swearing in.
Maybe this is why you're orange
so true, the work to resist your lies, fear mongering and fascist. FAKE PRESIDENT!
wtf movement
#notmypresident
the work begins for the middleclass just to get stiffed. #NotMyPresident #ResistFromDay1
#DontheCon is a #TRAITOR who is a #MANBABY a #PathologicalLiar Who will #MAGA when he's #IMPEACHED or #Jailed #trumpColluded 
#Russiagate
it all began for me today as well. Wallpaper stripping, then replastering and the electrics. Also my 48hr cider is ready!
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
well done and congratulations.  Great speech.  Your wife looked absolutely amazing and is so beautiful.  Good luck xxxx
God Bless you and keep you on your journey Sir! Now get busy! #MAGA #Trump45
allow him enough rope guaranteed he'll hang himself
we pray for you everyday. Thank you for your terrific inaugural address! We loved it

#TheResistanceStartsToday. #45EresUnPendejo
Go Trunp
don't piss on our heads and tell us it's rain!
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
all the hate and nm callin is comin only frm the lft, callin the mn orange & such? Tght our skin tone didnt defy us morons!
Your transition team Revamped the White house website. Took out Health care issue. and some others. You're already failing.
Failing to follow through on the promises that you gave in your speech. You're failing in keeping your word on helping us.
What else are you liable to fail at? Or do you even care at all? Do you care? Or was that all for shit? All for a spectacle
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
so glad that i woke up to a brand new USA this morning!  God Bless you Mr. President!!
What movement? The one in your pants. The majority despises you small man.
And it scares the living day lights out of me and millions of citizens like me.
I turned off the TV, you are to decusting
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
Hey, release your tax returns
can't wait till Monday for you to cancel all Obama's executive orders !!
I'd use a weed burner but that's just me
yo momma so fat shes got pesos in one pocket and yen in the other
Work on your impeachment & removal from office.
your not my president
lowest turn out ever.... Also the world is protesting against you.. Another 1st lol
praying for you as you lead this country and the world
hopefully they will impeach u just fast for treason.
Trump strong
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/top-5-tech-companies-that-offer-highest.html …
#southerncameroons
If I had a face like yours I’d sue my parents.
they need to give you a chance
The dream is over, now is the wake up call. Hope you're awake. 
God help you.May reality bring you to your knees before HIM
Your breath stinks so bad that it destroyed half the ozone layer.
@djss1grgr Yes Sir - We have hopeand faith in a President again! May God help you and re-elect you in 2020! Goodluck in all
OFF COURSE, POTUS TRUMP DON'T BACKWARDS HIS PROMISES FOR OUR COUNTRY. HE'LL HAVE TWO CONSECUTIVE TERMS.
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
6666666666
"The movement"? BOWEL MOVEMENT
p.s. your inauguration sucked
Wise words. For an idiot at least.
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
The Sooner Your president, the  sooner you go to jail...
more people in your parade than in the stands! SAD #whatafail
Let the work begin Mr. President....
Godspeed from us union folk not organized laziness let's build that border IUOE :did u get Rosie an Barbara  a ticket yet
