Trump officially donates $1 million to Harvey relief efforts http://washex.am/2ha6KK7  
"We the people "are so proud of you once again it seems like that's a constant thing. Your doing a great job and we appreciate all yourdoing
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR NOT ONLY BEING OUR "PRESIDENT "BUT FOR GIVING YOUR OWN MONEY TO HELP US!!! "We the people " are so proud of you sir!!!
Wow. 1 million whole dollars? You're such a big man.
$1 million more than you? What does that make you?
Actually 999,980 more than me. And considering my net worth of 0, and his of 4 billion I'm 99.9975x the man he is . #NumbersDontLie
Also considering I served two more tours, and dodged one less draft than he did I'd say my service puts me over him.
And your service and sacrifices iare always appreciated. That said, I still disagree with your tact in the statement.
If I was worth 4 billion. I'd be doing much more for citizens of this great nation.

Don’t listen to these haters. Whining about your taxes.. what other president has handed theirs over? Keep up the good work. $1 mil more than any of these people sent. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
7 plus years to go. I'm sad for you,  Honey.
Well, we know you're in line at Costco to see Hillary. Pick me up some jeans for the Fall. Sad.
Awesome
Bullshit. Where's a copy of the cancelled check? From what account were they drawn? His personally? Or some account replete w/borrowed $?
Trump starts his day at Trump Nat'l Golf Club in N.J.

This is his 61st day at a golf course, 78th day at a Trump property as POTUS.
That's my president!!

Where's the receipt? Until you show it we won't believe you
First time ever bc the @GOP made him do it. LOL Donnie must be so pissed he had to follow thru w it.
No one's been able to confirm that's been received or cleared. Loser!


When you come to #Netherlands mister Trump ?
Can we see the cancelled check and your #TaxReturns ?

Except for the Clinton's of course
Thank you President Trump! Keep up the good work!
The lying media will spin this as "Trump trying to buy good publicity" or some such drivel. President Trump just wants to HELP!!!
Americans know that President Trump is working hard every day - that's why the fake news media pushes sensational smears - to distract!

Cue the libtards who didn't donate a single cent, shit on trump somehow for this great act
Show us the money!  And the receipt....and YOUR TAXES.
DT retweeted a gif of him violently knocking HRC over with a golf ball
it's called
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN
It's not a joke
IT'S SICK
Can we please see the receipt. Hurricanes are expensive but words are cheap.
Too bad you had to be shamed into actually doing it! "It's the thought that counts." Those thought weren't helping Houston.
I understand why you were hesitant to donate though considering $1 million is probably a greater portion of your wealth than most realize.
Regardless, thank you for following through, the people of the gulf coast, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico need our help.
My #POTUS 
Good for you. Now take the treasonous bastard home with you & never let him see the light of day again.
Where's the receipt?
Your a FAKE PRESIDENT ! And @FLOTUS  is going to leave you ! 
Where did the money come from?
Great to see a political leader do something other than double talk!  That is why you were elected, keep it up! We have your back!
That is awesome Mr. President!!


"North Korea needs to know @POTUS  is a MAN OF HIS WORD & will use the Might of US military to protect US & Allies
Trump is literally the opposite of a "man of his word".

Polar opposite.
Not trying to be confrontational... But do you have any loved ones in the military... And have you asked their opinions on it.?
If this question was meant for me, Jeremy, then yes to both.  They (2 relatives, 2 friends) all feel he's in it for Trump; not for America.
my military friends and relatives believe him to be a traitor to the united states.  a foreign owned enemy in the white house.
Sure they do...
Ok Nicole just asking because none of my old battle buddies who have deployed thinks that should happen... But I understand.
I was responding to Maltese about her comments. Every active and Vet I know trust Mattis, doubts the Russia crap, supt POTUS, hate war.

Get off his nuts, Jerry.
Get of your knees Milmore.. trump train just keeps steamrolling u haters
Steamrolling? Lol! No accomplishments beyond Gorsuch, multiple investigations into Russian ties, high staff turnover & a 39% approval rating
The Russian collusion plan was hatched by podesta. Typical Saul alinsky tactic to get the attention off Hillary and the dnc.. his agenda is
Ur just mad u lost.. get over it. Or it will be a long 8 years.everything is getting taken care of it just takes time.Especially considering
I'm not mad. I'm ashamed. And if you think that Trump will be in office for eight years you have been successfully propagandized.
.@realDonaldTrump: My great honor! https://twitter.com/dcexaminer/status/909190439265341440 …
Only 1 ???????? Thought you had Billions?
FAKE NEWS!
Your personal money, or the campaign you're still running, or wait maybe it was Kosair's money?
Opinion on anime?
Trump says he's worth $8,000,000,000. $1,000,000 is 0.000125% of worth. 
Equals $12.50 donation if worth $100,000. 
$2.50 if worth $10,000.
Thanks!  Please show us the receipt
Was this an official donation from Trump's pockets or through his organization or foundation?
I'd like to see your tax returns next year to prove that you really did donate this money!
Now what about my state of Florida?  Any donation for us down here?
Please donate to Florida before you are impeached!
And before his assets are frozen ....just a matter of time now

Investigative report: @realDonaldTrump gets millions from golf members. CEOs and lobbyists get access to president. https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2017/09/06/trump-gets-millions-golf-members-ceos-and-lobbyists-get-access-president/632505001/ …
I thought the @dcexaminer was fake news? 
Everything is "fake news" until they post something nice about him, then they're great! Until the next day.
Thank you. God bless you.
I'm fairly certain that God wants nothing to do with this mess.

I'm glad you actually went through with this
Are you trying to buy your way out of this mess?
Your time is coming. Robert Mueller is coming for you. There's nothing you can do to stop the Mueller train

I am glad that you actually did donate the money. Now what about all the money you raised shortly after inauguration?
Prove it.  Let's see your tax return
Last time he showed his tax returns you all looked like fools kinda how you guys look now constantly trying to find something wrong with him
You just want to plough @realDonaldTrump ass 
You've been profiting off of taxpayers for 9 months by renting from yourself so technically WE donated $1M to hurricane relief.
vickey "YOUR" an "IDIOT" DUM zzz crawl back in mommies basement, time for your happy nappy!!!

Good strategy! Got great payoff in convincing your sheep you have lot more money than you do. It's got great ROI. Like not taking salary!
not that I have any love for the guy but this action is at the very least neutral and it should be let go.
Yeah I mean it's good he did it and is fine. But let's not fool ourselves; Trump is not known for his charity.
very true but I think given he's basically just a large child we should reward his good behavior to
Yeah I agree. Although i think his record of being horrible and enjoying upsetting people is at this point clearly established.
certainly
@LindaAlex19 @dcexaminer Waiting for proof of that donation! Is it in the mail Donald?
Thank you @POTUS @FLOTUS for your gracious hearts and giving & caring spirits. We love you.  #MAGA
He donated one tenth of one percent of his self reported net worth. That's the equivalent of someone w/500k donating $50 #Pathetic
What's ur point?? How bout the $100m he gave toward Flint water?? The hundreds of thousands he JUST spent helping feed Irma vics? He CARES!

The truth hurts. This isn't about President Obama. This has nothing to do with HRC. This has everything to do with 45's history of deciet
Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.
No
What about the Clintons??? what did they donate?
Oh please. You got shamed into it. Where is the rest of the inaugural charity money?
No one gets shamed into donating $1 million
He offered 5 million for Obama's birth certificate so I guess in the case of an actual disaster 1 million isn't so awesome, huh?
Only a liberal would complain that $1 million isn't enough
And only a grifter would think 1 million was enough when he's worth billions...or so he says.
Net worth does not equal cash genius
Listen compadre if he had 5 million cash for the birth certificate then 1 million for worst storm in history isn't that charitable. SAD!
You sound like a famous loser...
Prove it.
Another lie do you ever tell the truth???
@BigStick2013 @dcexaminer How much did big O donate? Oh I forgot he was buying a piece of dirt for $45 Million. Sad.
Did you get the money from your campaign fund?
Can we see your tax returns please? Are you ready to go yet?
I've heard about $50,000 so far. I have a need to see cancelled checks just like you have a need to see birth certificates.
They wrote something decent about u. About time!
You're just going to write it off as an expense anyway which is why you wanted to be president, so you could create more tax loopholes.
Took you long enough
sure.  prove it!
He can't even have money to pay for his Federal income taxes. Hahahaha. It's very funny.
Where's the receipt? You're famous for using other ppl's $$ and claiming it was yours. #Grifter
You don't even know how to humble brag. Better: "It was an honor to help victims." But you did this for yourself anyway so it's spot on
Your personal funds?  Or funds from Trump Foundation?
Such misfortune when private citizens with means donate money to fill a gap that wouldn't have existed had said citizen paid taxes
I'd like a reputable D.C. paper to verify - calling @washingtonpost!
Heard this scam of a story before. Sure he did bahahahaha
What about Irma relief??
Who did you screw the money out of?
BECAUSE CROOKED PEOPLE ROB......
clinton cartel are thief's
Is that coming out of the tax evasion fund?
This great and all but how much does he make a year?
Another photo op.
You misspelled scam.
Well get your book ready for the Female hurricanes .... and they don't cum cheap
I am so honored Teump is my president 
@BarackObama Still waiting on Obamas pledge! Extremely generous with other people's money! #CheapBastard
I want to see the cancelled check!
Right.......
if you had $1,000 would you only givr $1 as donation and call it your great honor, thats what your donation is mr. president
Your honor. You have no honor, self respect or to others.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump! Unfortunately the left will still complain about your selfless act!
But you offered $5 million for Obamas birth certificate, so why less here?
Lil-d, you have
NO HONOR.
No INTEGRITY.
NO COMPASSION.
And soon NO JOB.

https://twitter.com/sam_ezeh/status/910449091750047750 … u had a lunchtime today with a terrorist Nigerian Buhari. But you condemned this during ur campaign. There is God.
@AlwaysIntegrity @dcexaminer Thank you!
I want to see the check. He has said this before and has never followed through Liar in Chief.
Egomaniac
Btw do you even have that cash? Waiting on that receipt???
a small loan
...and what about the $5 million you promised for Sandy relief?
So a photo of you handing out a food parcel does not prove you donated 1 million. When will you realise people are not as stupid as u think?
That's it? I thought you were a billionaire! Maybe it's just on paper
A hero
Which Russian donor gave you the money?
Well said.   "Paid Haters", "Brain damaged Sheep".  Exactly what they are, & brain damaged losers.
Of course he did!! He cares about us all!!
So far they've not seen a cent from you you pledged 1m for sandy they've yet to see it and also for 911 again zip, please provide receipts
 having a CEO Billionaire 4 @POTUS. Thank you, Mr. President 4  of USA & her citizens. #ProudToBeAmerican #AmericaFirst 
Don't see this on evening news!!
You're a billionaire , you should of donated and helped more especially as president. Plus prove it by showing us your taxes ! #ImpeachTrump
Did you ever do anything good for someone and not get caught at it?
I don't believe you.  You've been caught cheating charities before.  I want to see the canceled checks. #lyingPOS
I won't believe it until I see a receipt & cancelled check from your account, not a foundation account. Fake President. Waste of sperm & egg
1) Oh, and by the way, those of us who are actually busy getting things done don't always have time to be commenting on Twitter, but we
Thanks
And it will take more than you just tweeting about it for us to believe you aren't lying about this claim as well. #LiarInChief #WorstEver
god belss you my  dear friend
You're "great honor"?! HA! Buddy. You don't have any honor. #TraitorTrump #RussianCollusion #LockHimUp #TrumpTrain
*Donates 1m, then immediately retweets an article stating he's worth billions on Twitter*
Yeah, let's see if they really get it; and where it comes from. #lyingrealdonaldtrump

Was it from his $$?
#RESIGN
Feel free to donate a more substantial amount, by all means. According to u, you can.
"A small loan of a million dollars"
Sadly, the money will probably never get there. Many people have much more...and didn't brag about it!
Many people? If there's a lot of them, perhaps you could name a couple?
B fucking S, an honor. Remember this
Sure you did.....why don't you do us all the honor and remove yourself from office.


Prove it liar.
Blocked
Actually, you probably donated money to a guy named Harvey and it was actually a bribe.
I just hope nobody actually checks to see if the money actually gets there.
Monopoly money?
#crookedTrump. #LockHimUp
Congrats on donating money from your foundation. When will you be donating that $1million from your personal funds? #TrumpResignNow
How about Irma Victims?
Show me the Money.
#TheResistance #Resist 
.
RT & Like to spread the question.
And your tax returns
Que te estan apretando los iluminatis
You're a freakin' BILLIONAIRE (or have led people to believe so) That's 0.1% OR EVEN LESS of your net worth (like $50 for an average person)
Sure he did, then he handed over his tax returns!  What a jokester!!

As you should since taxpayers are paying for crap at you properties. Also I will believe it when I see your tax returns...FRAUD!
I doubt it.
He donated a small loan of a million dollars
tax returns
Sure would like to see that cancelled check.  Did it come from you or your friends donating in your name?
You're boy give you another loan?
Really this probably the first time you ever did that. Just to let you know money does not buy people who have integrity. Ratings still low
What about Florida?
Did Hillary donate even $1 ?

No mention of donation for Irma victims to date. Perhaps he'll donate Mar a Lago as a shelter until homes are rebuilt!
#Russia #nazis
Thank you President Trump!  Proud to be an American and I support you 100%
Don't believe him he promised vets 1 million in the past never delivered. In fact he is the least charitable billionaire
Michael Dell gave $36 million.

please. make sure you remind everyone about it. pompous blow hard.
That's not impressive considering how much you have. See how TJ Watt raised money. You only donated to make yourself look good.
Yeah, where is the proof checks were received and endorsed for cashing? Until then, this is just FAKE NEWS SAD SELF PROMOTION
Donald the Clown. No one believes your fake sympathy.
God bless you Mr. President. This is the news that doesn't get nearly enough coverage. I'm proud you are our leader. #generous
Your meeting with our allies all over the world today, you represent all Americans, don't embarrass us please.
Now do us an honor, and step down your not qualified for this job, you need to be FIRED!
@dcexaminer  Potus sure did. ♡♡

Of whose money?  Not yours, I'll bet.
That's pocket change to you and you know it
Honor isn't part of your vocabulary or ancestry.
You have no honor. Honor is bestowed but cannot be claimed.
Yeah right, you're a liar and a fraud.
Yeah right, so us the money, you tax returns and list of Russian interests.
Let's see the receipts. We know this man lies. Probably used his super Pac or Eric's money.
#MAGA
Such bullshit 
Hey Spaz, just like your BOT account. D E M O C R A T #ResistIsALie
Somebody looks at the check! Is that @realDonaldTrump 's real check, or his fake & fraudulent charity organization?
Where's the check?
A real donator doesn't need to talk about.
Who did you scam the million from? Also drop in the bucket. Why don't you ante up with a billion?

Great 
gratitude!
