Thank you Mr President, and this is why we support you!
Speak for yourself please almost 60% of us do not!
How'd that work out for ya last election?
You don't understand how politics works, do ya?

#Trump2020
Trump won because people disliked Hillary, that being said #WhiteSupremacy is not a trait most Americans support Trump is done...
Bahahaha! You keep thinking we're all white supremacists.

Even black & latino folks who voted Trump are labeled as such. 


You're done.
I never said that all who voted for him are SMH- but he is & it does not sit well with people even with people who initially voted for him
Educate yourself.
Your ignorance is painful to us all.
Trump's actions speak for themselves
ក្រោយពីបា
@TomRooney Oh wow! Such a shame that this was so different than in PR! The people will never forget this!
The grammar of this tweet seems to be correct... wonder who typed it for him.
1. Why is everything about you?
2. Reminds me of N. Korean propaganda .
3. An exploitative bid to increase your popularity. SAD! 
 #MAGA
Except the outcome of the election donkey crew
 ...

*Accept?
ក្រោយពីបា
ក្រោយពីបា
ក្រោយពីបា
ក្រោយពីបា
Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.
This is rigged. Stupid people
It's just a stupid game!
https://m.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=123018371683754&id=100019267757392 …
BUILD THAT FUCKING WALL
I'm reading that Fema  is not letting help in to the areas that are needing help. It's in the Florida keys.
That's ok, we aren't with you.
Idiot.
yeah..you r right
make America mexico again...
Donald Trump ... and I approve this message...
I'm sure they wish you weren't, you petulant man-baby.  #Unfit #Illegitimate
HEALTHCARE!!!!!!!!!!
All about you, right?

It's all about you not the Floridians that are in need
Still hawking that tacky, ridiculous hat.
We don't want you!
Podesta knows about "wet work". Ask Scalia....
Will you donate another million? After you find your checkbook which has been misplaced since hurricane Harvey?
Thank you
@nciano his hat tho! Loving it. And this so the media hasn't showed this AT ALL
MAGA
Finally we have a president who cares about our country and ALL of its citizens.
The "white-stuff"  #trumpisaracist
Just in case y'all forgot, @realDonaldTrump has been open about his white supremacist beliefs for years. Retweet this y'all. #11cc 
You are the most unattractive man ever
Talk about how you betrayed your voters. No more phoney politicians. No more lies.
There you are putting you in front of the camera before anything else.
Photo ops with the immigrant from communist country and nude model!!
I don't like you but this is important.

I am not with the idiot in the USA hat who looks like an old fool who is lost!
Yes we are with you. We are one.
More state propaganda. #impeachtrump

18003423557这是川普总统的电话号码吗？
How refreshing to have a President who genuinely cares about his people . . .
You aren't with anyone but yourself! How humiliating... Your be ousted soon... What a crook you truly are... http://www.salon.com/2017/09/10/trump-inc-inside-the-presidents-not-so-blind-trust/ …
Floridians are incredibly strong!  They will come back stronger
We certainly aren't with you President Trump
Not even close! He is FAAAAAAAAAAAR from them right Impeach?
I love my President & @FLOTUS 
Thank you for all you do for the human spirit in the USA!
Dude you visited there for about an hour.

I heard a gator bit him
WHY ARE YOU SHOUTING?
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
How about a video recognizing the people actually doing the work? Instead you have shameless ego-stroking videos. Photo-op Don. #Impeach45
How about No
You're right, he's not capable of doing what a real president or decent human being would do.
How about you wait til the water recedes and people are able to start working on putting their state back together? Pres. Trump is the best!

ក្រោយពីបា
ក្រោយពីបា
ក្រោយពីបា
ក្រោយពីបា
ក្រោយពីបា
Sr. Tromp usted ha sido y será el presidente más parecido a Rodolfo Hiller que aya pasado en la historia norte americana una pena para EEUU
ក្រោយពីបា
Little late, bro
ក្រោយពីបា
ក្រោយពីបា
ក្រោយពីបា
ក្រោយពីបា
ក្រោយពីបា
ក្រោយពីបា
Fucking moron. Consentrate on incoming korean nukes florida doesnt even care you exist.
Most dreamers are in college and hold jobs. They can't be in welfare because they are not citizens.  Most probably make more $ than u
But will there be Play Doh?
If only you were genuinely for the people
He is collecting photos for his scrapbook...
Good third try drump!
you should buy up all the property and build condo's or a golf course.


FEAR NOT!!! TRUMP T=TRUMP R=RUNS U=UNDER M=MARY'S P=PROTECTION
The Triumph of Mary Begins With President Trump the Great!
Thank you again Mr President for your strong leadership, reassurance, calm & optimistic approach in yet another crisis facing the nation!!!
Thank you Mr. President as I have many Friends and Family in Florida that were affected by #Irma
me and all world with Florida
VERY PROUD OF POTUS AND FLOTUS.  :)
Yet, you have been concentrating on @HillaryClinton more than anything, this week
Hillary who????
You're the best & so sincere Mr. President 
Why do you salute?  You never were in our U.S. Military. You are disrespectful.
Russia
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON WITH YOUR HAIR
good trump
What about PR and the Caribbean Islands? They just don't matter to you. Or is it that 6th grade comprehension again. Inept oversight. Racist
I hope you handed out that Play-Doh. Maybe people could build walls with it
nothing says I Love U like a 1800 number on a tweet.
Good
Why does everyone hate this man so much?
No sad to say some people want to tax people of Florida
Wats
how much will you be donating to Florida , that invisible cheque to TEXAS didn't arrive yet
Yeah, they don't want you either. Comrade.
Whose phone numbers are those? Never quite sure what the odds are he's telling the truth? Hard know with these huckster "deal" types, right?
Oh, BTW, down with your Stupid Wall! Rebuild Infrastructure, bring back our Immigrants! Make DACA permanent and you need to Take a Hike!
I am proud of my president & my first lady!!!!
You know something is wrong with you if you are espousing hatred during a natural disaster. Something is truly wrong with you unhappy ppl.
Florida and every other state hates you.  You're better off moving to Russian.  I hear a few of them can tolerate you there.
Bullshit, you fucking liar !
How many of those stupid hats have you sold for $45?  At least Melania is not sucked in to that cheap enterprise.
You are the most insincere president ever! You suck!
First! Let's rebuild my golf course...
Come on : Get the Rino's on the Trump Train. The President Cares and has made it happen. It's time to Stand Proud! MAGA
Never mind this .....What shoes  is ur wife wearing
http://www.npr.org/2017/08/30/547396137/trump-wore-usa-hat-to-visit-hurricane-zone-and-trump-fans-can-buy-the-look … Any opportunity to make a buck
Gee Trump... all these agencies you tout about and how much you're doing, and you need MORE volunteers???
You were with your pay to play billionaire morons playing GOLF this weekend while Florida suffered. Stop feigning concern. #Impeach45
Vero beach for Donald trump.simply the best some time.i wished I could shake your hand God bless you and the usa
WHY ARE YOU YELLING?
What happened to Harvey????
THE CRIMINAL NEWS NETWORK (CNN) would never report Americas President in this fashion.
You are the disaster. What number can one call for that?
Thank you sir!
I love when you point at the hoagies ... so helpful
You are so naive...
Guam has already reached the missile defense.South Korean president to North Korea praise and money.
Floridian familiar with that area - full photo op with peeps who have resources and FOOD. AND THAT you should be feeding the poor
God is asking USA once more "Who do U believe in?" "Do you really believe I AM?"
What about Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands? Will you help them or abandon them?
Drumpf on a hat selling campaign

@realDonaldTrump 

Hats are made in China. Prez* made in Russia
Our "president" types with Caps Lock on - wow, how far we have fallen.
1800 dontcallme is your real digits.
Poor USA
Stop hawking your wares by wearing that stupid cap!
@BarwhsB You aren't doing anything to uplift the spirits of the people, your using it to sell your hats and photo ops. No empathy! SHAME!
Hey @Marmot is @POTUS wearing your gear? Thought I saw yr logo on back right shoulder of his shell.
Het so negative
Open up your resorts for people then
I am so proud of Potus, Flotus & VPotus 
God bless Donald & Melania Trump & God bless Florida USA
Thanks for coming to Florida
Are you with Floridians like you are with #MAGA on dreamers. Don't let @NancyPelosi & @SenSchumer define you. We are worried/sick @ heart.
The female lying to you doesn't want you to help me because she's all fraud

Nigerian army shooting & killing in the home ofBiafran leader Nnamdi kanu. @realDonaldTrump @netanyahu @PutinRF @eucopresident @FedericaMog 
BLUE states paying for RED states when the white supremacist snowflakes start squealing cause they're wet again. LOL
That Pam Bondi getting rid of the Trump University law suit for a bride is working well for her this is our president folks only helps some
What is needed is a collaborative effort to revamp the Sahara desert to diminish hurricanes. It is the only long range answer. It is doable.
How will that help diminish hurricanes? (Not being a jerk, just curious as to how it works)
hurricanes start over the ocean! How will screwing up the Sahara help?
Need to study on why hurricanes form over water. There's a Response & Restoration page in NOAA website on how Sahara generates hurricanes.

In my opinion, one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light.
THANK YOU #POTUSTRUMP!
Nice promotional shot of your hat that you are selling.
Melania is wearing sneakers? Good move trophy wife!
Thank You Mr. President. For your prompt response, in aiding those effected by Hurricane Irma. #MAGA #AmericaFirst  
I must have missed that.....
何故暴力団関係者の言い分ばかり通るのでしょうか？いつ山口組や、神戸山口組や、任侠山口組や、稲川会や、住吉会は、特定抗争指定暴力団や、特定危険指定暴力団に指定されるのでしょうか？日本人が暴力団を壊滅する事が無理なら米軍や国連軍で斬首作戦です！
This president has done more for hurricane victims than any other before him if that doesn't make a difference I don't know what will?
Thank you, whichever human person has access to Donald Trump's twitter account. It's good to hear from you between national embarrassments.
Just not with Puerto Rico, right?

Why? Because you can't golf down there now? #ImpeachTrump #DumpTrump #WorstPresidentEver
What about Puerto Rico?
You are doing fine, but don't ruin it by not getting RAISE/wall in return for DACA. If you don't build the wall, you will not be reelected.
Thurston and Lovey wear white on a disaster zone bc they ate so out of touch.
#mk
What about Huston they didn't get all that wind but are suffering by losing everything. as am I.
Shut up. Nobody needs you.
Tell Scott about all your wonderful climate denying crap. #Paris Climate Agreement. Bellevue the science.
.
My family just survived hurricane . Thank you for your concern
People really appreciate the hands on response of the President and First Lady
You were "with" Florida for, what, an hour? What a sham of help. It didn't even qualify as a PR stop! #TrumpLies
Great Job
Well... not "actually" with you, I've got to go back for lunch with the Chuck and Nancy...  #FakePresident
Yessss no yess
Thank you
I am so sorry you people in Florida please as Van Morrison sang "give thanks and pray " to God your Creator and controller of Nature. Praise
PRAISE YHVH, RAIN OR SHINE, GOOD AND BAD,THE  LORD ALMIGHTY IS MIGHTY GOOD GOD.
We should all try to be good and get our behaviour right! !!!
He looks hot. Was hoping for a heat stroke! Unfortunately, he got back to his AC SUV.
You're with yourself and no one else.
I need to get in touch with the ice police
