you need help donald - we see u - we know what u did - continue to do - u will not get away with this - criminal creep - NO ONE BELIEVES YOU
sally Yates is protecting us from you!
Trump is old news waiting to be thrown out
You truly have totally f*cked being POTUS.
just because it was already old news by then that you were attempting to obstruct justice does not mean it wasn't important
The beauty of being unaware is the fact that you are happily vacant and therefore have no capacity to feel shame, remorse, regret.  Lucky u.
Don't you mean "old fake news" you out of control, dirty bathroom rug of a human?
Why does every liberal resort to childish name calling.  #growup
Every single one of us! You're super on point!
Sally Yates criminally leaked classified info to the media and criminally conspired to illegally surveillance of our president based on fake Clinton funded peepee Dossier  we await her indictment and sentencing to federal prison where she belongs 
SALLY YATES THE CRIMINAL LEAKER OF CLASSIFIED INFORMATION - we wait for her indictment prosecution and imprisonment 
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!...
Your heroes are dictators: only your way, destroy free press, discourage  voters who don't support them. You're UnAmerican. You ashame me!
the only thing FAKE is your claims to serve the American People.
That is a tasty nothing burger.
Fake president
She is genuine YOU are fake!!!
The fake media feed on lies!
Wow little Donny is a strong smart woman scaring the shit out of you. Your clowns couldn't break her not even crooked lips Cruz.
You are delusional...for real
She said you provided a traitor a safe haven #russianpuppet
you are a grown man, hahahaha!
The only fake media comes from the White House.
this is a weird time right now seeing all this smoke and mirror dancing over nothing. They lost & they can't deal so smear
Deuteronomy 28:10
Then all peoples of the earth shall see that you are called by the name of the Lord, and they shall [1/2]
Does it hurt to be so pathetically stupid????
Are you THAT delusional?
You're an embarrassment
Um...no. She basically told America that you and your ENTIRE admin are liars. You are being sized for prison diapers at this moment.
You've lost your damn mind! The entire world knows you're lying. You live in a cartoon. We don't! The end is near & you're doomed. Traitor!
Awwwww...the little man baby is pouting again. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TRUMPRUSSIA
Then why did you chit yourself Donny?
#SaltyYates
Trump most loves
Philip mostly loves...
well said Mr. President and great job for firing this woman who betrayed her country
You should have fired her on Jan. 20th instead of later....
Because she is a Soros follower, just like the entire Obama Regime was (is)
I guess you watched FOX News instead the actual testimony
You're going to be out as fast as you got in. With apparently no more smarts than your first day. Damn fool
That's your takeaway from today? The USA is in more trouble than I thought.
wrong. It's over for you Donnie.
liar
It's not about making media or anyone else happy. It's about discovering the truth about your keeping Flynn on and collusion with Russia.
exactly what hearing were you hearing?
She spoke the truth. Flawless.  Absolutely flawless. And I voted for you, against better judgement.  Never again!  Never again.
Thank you Robb. Curious as to if you have friends who share this or if they're still 45 supporters
I was a Dem for years.  Got side tracked in 2016.  Lost my way. As a business owner and CEO I had great hope. Very disappointed as a CEO
Thank you for your honesty. Best to you &  your business. Now let's get to work on holding everyone accountable, no matter what side!
Let's go!
Run Rabbit Run The Wolf of Justice is coming for you.
You're sweating bullets old man.

You failed to vet #Flynn & jeopardized our national security.

#RussiaGate

LMAO

HRC had access to classified evidence about #Flynn, collected under FISA warrant(s), & sent #SallyYates to WH?

Do better.

Oh shit the President misspelled counsel while he was publicly intimidating a witness before congress
Sally Yates made the Fake President extremely unhappy today -- she said the "President" was warned about Flynn!
A very strong, intelligent women, dedicated civil servant spoke clearly today in Senate, promoting truth, respect for law,American security.
She swore under oath that you ignored repeated warnings about Flynn.
Actually it was implied that Pence knew. So bye Pence!!!!
don't you have other shit to do today instead of sounding like an embryo on Twitter? Asking for a friend.
@3rdDegreeBern_ @realDonaldTrump girls should stop having phones inside them, or how does your embryo tweet?
I dunno, ask one of your 16 followers
How is SOUNDING like an embryo the same as an embryo tweeting from inside a woman...how did we get here?
I know logic isn't libs strong point but if Trump sounds like an embryo tweeting he's obviously inside a girl.
Nah. This is a f***ed up kind of IVF. And Russia is the sperm donor. #EmbryoTrump
When u watched the Apprentice how much did Putin pay u? You do realize there's no Putin ties n Dems play on words cuz they think yer stupid?
Sally Yates tells the truth, but of course you don't like it -- you have no use for the truth.  Stop lying.
"said nothing but old news" equates to your acknowledging that it's true, but, anyone paying attention already knew this.
You mean she told them that the Obama administration warned you about hiring Flynn, but you did it anyways then blamed them?
I hope you benefitted bigly from Russian money laundering and tax evasion. Youre going to need an expensive lawyer. Jared & Sessions, too.
Remember this one stunning fact. Flynn held his job longer than Sally Yates.
She blatantly refused to defend an executive order and was not in position to say it was unconstitutional- that's SCOTUS not her - very bad
See my other tweet Re: personal integrity and duty to the law and  constitution. Still fired before Flynn.
What she did was a refusal to do her job and she serves President; irrelevant to Flynn being dishonest to VP on content of phone call  v 
Flynn "served" Pres too. Fact remains he was employed longer than Yates. Just interesting fact to note.
I'm sure Trump admin wanted to take time to deliberate & review raw intelligence w Flynn carefully; Sally Yates no deliberation needed -
Eighteen days! No restrictions. No curtailed access. ???????
However, rather than fire her, perhaps enlist her assistance in drafting suitable order? Just a thought, no?
Only fake is Trump!!
You know who is fake. It is you. When somebody gets close to the truth or doesn't play it your way. You fire them. Tell us the truth Donald
NOT SO DONNY! SAID U R STILL UNDER INVESTIGATION AND IT'S CLASSIFIED! NOT LOOKING GOOD 4 YOU! TIME TO RESIGN SO U CAN HAVE SOME FUN B4 PRISN
I've never seen a president be such a cry baby on social media the way you are. How about you go an actually do some work maybe??
Is it? Just asking
what was Trumps motive for firing a person Comey for investigations to Trump, was he getting close?The people will find out
Childish response.  You are the fake!  Always were still are.  Lying is sad.  Just like the playground bully.
Seriously? She warned you. You ignored it because you are complicit.
It's not old news when you find out the president has something to hide. FAKE PRESIDENT
dishonest president
This is a Russiangate!
Old news? But not Fake News! You're #GoingToJail #RussianMoney #TreasonousTrump #PutinsPuppet #Kremlingate #FlynnGate #DumbestEver
U must be worried firing #Comey..#ismellimpeachment
Thankfully. As usual your perception is not reality

Swore under oath that she did NOT leak anything!
delete your account
when are you going to restore the American confidence in your administration?
She is exactly how an educated professional speaks.  Truthfully, and with dignity.  Like a grown up.  You should watch her and take notes.
Grow up.
Yates pointed out that Trump failed to act with integrity and in the best interrest of the country and its security....complete failure!
fake president
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
So getting your ass handed to you isn't part of your grand strategy to #MAGA?
Actually she said she warned your administration about Flynn TWICE! But I know you don't like telling the truth.
I cant stand to read anymore of these stupid peoples comments from the left, they are programmed Robots, we call the Stepford Party!
Old news, under oath and the truth. I'm sure the last one is new to you.
Old news: YOU endangered the American people for 18 days by colluding with Flynn. EPIC FAIL!
You are drinking your own kool-aid 
The American people see right thru you 
#trumptwitterfakenews#Trumprussia 
#RESIST #SallyYatesIsAPatriot
You sir are an embarrassment to us all
So you ARE concerned enough to watch so called fake news. You know you are crazy right? I mean padded room crazy right? So crazy, sad
Boy, you look so guilty at this point.
Trump has committed Treason.
TRAITOR
How do you say "fake news" in Russian?
Dump Trump - Fake President can't keep his lies straight
since the fake media is Fox News. I guess Yates did make them unhappy. She told the truth.#refreshing.
Oh. But it wasn't fake!  YOU are the fake one!  LIAR LIAR LIAR!
Unlike you and your team of ne'er do wells, Sally Yates has demonstrated impeccable integrity, courage and dignity.
she said volumes every time she said she couldn't answer...or are you too dumb to get that.
Resign, traitor.

your lies are boring; your incredibly low intellect is embarrassing, and the rest of your soulless self is un-American.
You're fake
"John Baron" thinks he's in NY, where he'd control & dictate the narrative as if the WH was the NY Post. It doesn't work that way. Who knew?
Yep, they are calling her heroic.
Nixon fired Cox because he was getting close... hmm... why did you fire Coney? #TrumpRussia
Being rude and defensive really does not endear you to the American people.  The newspapers do what they do. Get over it.  Do your job.
I for one loved what she had to say. I want to hear more!
How many times does the CIA, FBI, and NSA have to say there is no collusion Pres Trump and Russia before the dems believe it, its pathetic
Old news (in this case) equals good news! #fakepresidency #faketrump #goingdown #youresad
Sad!
Perhaps if you stopped watching "Fake News" and did your job properly, people might start believing you. I doubt it though
Not even a good try.
@SusanHathcock1 @LindaKo23218145 Get off Twitter & do your job!  You're either tweeting or golfing neither of which is a presidential duty!
Please define your definition of fake news.......
For the love of all that is good can you PLEASE stop tweeting and concentrate on being a president?
who's next to be fired? Trump doesn't like what was said in court of probing information. We maybe on target! Leading to DT
FBI director fired
POTUS investigated 
Election hacked  
Judges attacked
Media called fake news
Votes suppressed

This is how democracy dies
She said you were fully warned about Flynn. The guy you had "total confidence in" - but you are right, we already knew that.
She slayed and made you & your administration to look like he bumbling bigoted buffoons that you are! Got any more adult tantrums to throw?
Fired Comey LOL & people wonder how a man like Hitler bcame a leader & how could citizens just stand by & let it all happen. Is it not clear
You apparently didn't watch the same hearing as the rest of the country .
Mr. Spicer is a value to the Administration, need to promote him place in different position to clean up all information circulation add
Katrina Pierson as Press Speaker  she has great presence with vocal communication and a Stone,, face.. She can hold her own with Camera.
What a joke she was.
This was under oath.
James, your Fired!!!
You are old news! Lol admit to the people the election was rigged talk the things the people want.
MAGA
Your report is fake news!

Sen. @SenFranken  It is deeply troubling that @POTUS fired the person in  charge of investigating his ties to Russia.   4:18 PM - 9 May 2017
made you scared enough to fire John....oops!
Nope she told the world that u hired a Russian spy and didnt care even after you knew abt it.
You are Jordon deciding. Get a job.
No. She knocked you out blow by blow. Truth is always stronger than lies. When we hear it, we know it. Your hair is dyed, sir.
She warned you that Flynn lied and could be blackmailed by Russia.  You took weeks to fire him and realized he was being investigated.
Yes, but she made us liberal snowflakes very happy :D You are not going to have that job very long.
She was magnificent as U and your administration is looking incapable, guilty, & still like a group of liars.
Seriously??? Your beads of sweat on your upper lip is showing.
Wrong.
“The FBI is our crown jewel of law enforcement......" #impeachment for you should be soon then!
#faketweet
#TrickyTrumpy #FakePresident firing #Comey gonna go as well as axing #SallyYates. Even Andrew Jackson can't save you. #Impeach45 #Russiagate
#FakePresident, yer "You're Fired!" letter to #Comey thanked him for confirming you're not under investigation?  #Russiagate #Impeach45
#FakePresident nobody disagrees that #Comey D Clown screwed up (largely to yer benefit), but firing him now looks bad.#Russiagate #Impeach45
#FakePresident you agree w/ #ChuckSchumer #MarkWarner & other Dems it's time for #Russiagate special prosecutor? Drip, drip, drip #Impeach45
#FakePresident: #McCain (w/"urgency") & Justin Amash (R-MI) want special action; Amash calls yer letter to #Comey "bizarre." #Impeach45 now!
Sen #BrianSchatz (D-HI): "We are in full-fledged #ConstitutionalCrisis...need patriotic republicans to stand up for our republic" #Impeach45
#FakePresident fires #Comey same day fed prosecutors issue grand jury subpoenas to #Flynn assocs...hmmm. #Russiagate #Impeach45 #LockThemUp!
LIAR!!!  RELEASE TAX RETURNS!
2 words: SPECIAL INVESTIGATOR!!
YOU ARE SOOO DAMN CHILDISH!  #GetOffOfTwitter  #YouAreAnEmbarrassment
P trump got hire gowdy fbi dir
She's telling the TRUTH, something you do not know how to do.  Feeling nervous?? You should be.
She's getting under your skin, love it! #grabherpussy
Just because you tweet it doesn’t make it true. You might want to add a double layer of denim to the seat of your pants. Coal miner weight.
Tractor
Yates is a hero, while you are a LOSER!!! #worstpresidentever #repealandreplacerepublicans
Sounds like you talking about how many electoral votes you got...six months after the election. Boring. Move on. Run the country.
Not exactly.
Unlike u she is truthful. That impeachment is getting closer. DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT
You wrong it was a very interesting reviling testimony of what you are about and always know the truth will come out if you like it or not
you can't hold a candle to Sally Yates....she has integrity...you none..w/your limited vocabulary you prob don't know what integrity means
Then, why the heck are you so scared?
You make Americans extremely unhappy everyday when you wake up
Sally also confirmed the WH didn't tell her about EO Muslim Ban!
Older than you? Probly not
