Admit the fact that you are a magnet for laundering money from illegal sources since you've been such a failure at everything else?
Qatar didn’t want to lend Jared money. Is that why you want to punish Qatar? Surely Mueller has investigated that possibility.
So you sell out troop access/base in Qatar to help criminal son in law ?  You think we don't how crooked the whole bunch of you are?  The world will know all your dirty deeds sooner than later.  Btw, what price was Jerusalem?
Why was Jared Kushner and his dad begging Qatar to bail them out with a loan?
I voted for you, but I hope you get PWND if you continue to badmouth Qatar. Many of my brethren are there.!
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders point...
you were quoted in an article by @voxdotcom

Macri hizo un memorandum con Qatar para robar el fondo de jubilados. Cuando lo declaran terrorista?
So that 110 billion dollar weapons deal with Saudi doesn't matter huh?
Mason
Don't 4 get the Sauddi's u think they r any better, Sauddi's destroyed WTC, women have no rights, or maybe it's the oil

Tick...
4 USA 2 punish Country bcuz it failed 2 loan money 2 loser SonInLaw is AbuseOfPower.2 PeepsNLenders or Borrowers.45's a borrower=NotWealth.
Intercept: Jared Kushner tried and failed to get a half-billion dollar bailout for his company from Qatar
Shitty President 

Just one example of #FAKEPOTUS exerting his influence to punish Q'atar for NOT FUNDING KUSHNER!  THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE!
Humm Did this have anything 2 do w/ ur foreign policy on Qatar ? Does @FBI @MarkWarner know?
Did this affect US policy towards Qatar? https://theintercept.com/2017/07/10/jared-kushner-tried-and-failed-to-get-a-half-billion-dollar-bailout-from-qatar/ …

Saudi Arabia reportedly has "clear link" to U.K. extremism http://thebea.st/2tIeXhj  
@IIngina
Stop funding ISIS from your side first.
You know... the Middle East is more than what we look at. Food. Music. Dance. Clothing. Language. Beliefs. Humor. Science. Architecture.
So is there a reason you just sold them TWENTY BILLION dollars worth of weapons. You're either stupid or a monster.
Yet you sold them weapons
It is time to take the head lines of victory from Iran Nd bring with it our face and pride.
It's time to make a stand
I would advise you to have you checked for split personality because something is wrong with you.
So you're cool with the USA's multi-billion-dollar sale of weapons to Qatar right after your tweet? You're a real gem.
100% agree!
That's rich coming from a radical white supremacist....
Remember: DELTA FORCE 1 and WALKING TALL. I'm so proud of you and YOUR  WILL.
So proud! What a big boy!

His will to punish Qatar for not lending Don Jr half a billion? That will?
You ARE radical ideology! Let's defund you! #herecomesimpeachment
I point to Saudis, being the biggest ISIS fundors after US and with their barbaric punishment by death.
President Trump must has the courage to give the name of -radical ideology- . The real name of radical ideology is Wahhabism.
It's not just there, though, please cut the funding from George Soros and other USA based radicals like BLM and Antifa; a scourge upon US.
Jumping at shadows. Boogiemen everywhere!
DS James Mattis and his Qatari counterpart Khalid Al-Attiyah, penned a $12 billion agreement for fighter jets-this makes U look incompetent
You must get a lot of mail
What's up Don
A snake with two heads! US incite wars around the world so that they can sell their weapons.
But selling arms to a country you claimed to be funding terror is A-okay, eh?
If Qatar is such a problem, why are you selling them 12 billion $ weapon 
Right Donald,please still add Saudi-Arabia to  your suspected countries-you permanently seem to overview it. So sad !
So why did you sell these terrorists 12 billion in war planes? You make no fucking sense at all!
Come on! SAUDI ARABIA HAS SPONSORED MORE TERRORISTS THAN ANYONE!!!!! Grow a pair of balls and call them on it.
upturning main AIPAC hollywood roman empire is not as easy as you migth think, but we are getting there
Yet you sell them 12bil in weapons?!?! Do you ever not lie? #LockHimUp
Did you direct them to point it out Mr Trump?
Be careful because news reports state we are selling them aircraft. It doesn't look good.
Ok so you agreed with all leaders that Qatar is the source of terrorism but yesterday you agreed to sell them jet fighters, smart strategy 
translation: I said that
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
trump, you call Qatar a "Terrorist Country". So WHY did YOU sell them $12 Billion in F-15? PROOF! http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2626079  via @dcexaminer
dump trump; dump trump; dump trump; dump trump; dump trump; dump trump; dump trump; dump trump; dump trump; dump trump. SAD
Which is it? They support terror or not? Why would we give a country labeled by many others military investments? $12B :o
y sell them war planes if they are funding terrorism?????????
So let's supply them with more fire power!!  Yo da man trump! #maga hope they learned their lesson!
Course they pointed to Qatar, idiot. Took heat off them. (Typical Trump ploy). Saudi Arabia biggest funder of Islamic terrorism in world  
Yes! Indeed! Look at what a mess you have made. Thanks to you, the Middle East is now in political disarray. Nice
so you signed a $12 billion deal to sell fighter jets to Qatar? #TrumpLies
You do understand selling them jets is funding of Radical Ideology, don't you?
Look! You sold billions in weapons to a country you say funds terrorists. Sad.
Now you armed them with later more power jets . Just because you care. Or just money talks.
..so of course I am selling Qatar 12 Billion dollars worth of F-15 fighter jets.
Fake news huh? Your tweet- not a broadcaster and today the US signs a $12bn deal to sell 36 F15s to Qatar. Silly silly man - world despairs
Dear President .....ur nation has been funded of state-terrorism accross  the world . Us governments funded rotten dictaors of Latin-America
You are inflaming the world with your bumbling ignorance.
It's ok then to sell weapons to a nation that funds terrorism? Ohh, I forgot, Saudi & Qatar are your cash cows & morals go out of the window
What about the funding of Saudi, you hypocrite!
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Theirs 25 thousand Americans in Qatar, including military
US Prisoners  Build Patriot Missiles https://www.wired.com/2011/03/prisoners-help-build-patriot-missiles/ … via @WIRED F-15/T-16 boeing lockheed .23 hr
and still.. you sold them military armaments

Ummm.... is that why you just sold them 12 billion dollars worth of fighter jets? I hope they do research on your brain one day #QatarCrisis
OMG LOOK
Draining the swamp: Kushner works that Middle East peace MAGIC 
Happy Birthday President Trump. We are so proud of you. You are one of our best Presidents
And everybody who's not Saudi points to SAUDI ARABIA. It really would be nice if, just once, you knew what you were talking about.
You are the worst  of all and radical to everyone  on this planet
so why did you make arms deals w them?  Oh yeah...cause you own property there
Leaders should point inward
tambien le cuento que aca en chile nuestro proximo candidato presidencial sera Alejandro guillier nuñez ....y a usted guillier lo apoya...
Mr President we need to immediately take full control of the the Arabian Sea. Support Israel and India and blockade all commerce. Please SIR
So when do you plan to break off relations with Saudi Arabia? You know, where 9/11 hijackers came from?
What about the Saudis???? The ones that planned 9/11? Or they're cool since you have business deals with them.
Yet you are buddies with the Saudi King... Hypocrite
The only thing that happened in the MIddle East is that you embarrassed my country. You are the most arrogant man I have seen. Sad for USA.
هنا تكمن الخيانه من الثلاث دول  عاشت قطر 
You winked an THEN they pointed
You are the colonial America and you want to drag the entire world into chaos in europe/ Your new world plan will not keep you chill////////
The biggest terrorist is the western countries. Your efforts to divide the Islamic states will not keep up
Great job! Americans need to hear some specific hate words from the Koran and hear who and what their Mahdi is supposed to do.
Well then stop giving ISIS weapons. Problem solved
Saudi Arabia the biggest terrorist exporters. They r the 1's that think the king is a direct decedent of Mohammad= ISIS follow the $$
Trolls!!!
After reading the Muslim Brotherhood agenda, I think all the Muslim organizations must be investigated conection with ISIS .
Don't you read your briefings?
Oh boy,I bet they shook your hand and then when you were gone they laughed and laughed. Who do u think you are?Certainly not important there
But yet the 9/11 terrorists came from Saudi Arabia.
Yeah look. Now turkey and iran comes to the rescue!!
Wow Qatar where US have major military base in US favour in the region.
Should have ------him
What is going to happen to our 10,000 troops based in Qatar? Did you stop to consider them before you tweet?
He must be the president of Egypt in the list of terrorism
Leaders pointed to Qatar, the truth points to Saudi Arabia
You are making arms deals to the middle east..Good business??? Bad bad move..
You are a nit wit. You don't have the skills to be an effective school crossing guard.
George bush - Iraq
Barack Obama - Syria
Donald Trump - Qatar
What an ambitious nation is US
Worser than a nuclear bomb
I think they pointed to the half of the funders. Where is SA form that?!
The Saudis are the ones who promote Whabism. Read a book
Then why do you give so much money to Saudi Arabia? You only disapprove of radical nations when it's convenient for you.
After the Middle East I went to Israel.
Your efforts to combat violent extremism are appreciated, but you need to exercise the same vigilence toward racist hate ideology in the US.
...both are extremely dangerous and harmful to our citizens.
#heymcfly well looky what we have here. Another butthead with alternative facts! @MarkDice say hello to your mom for me! Think mcfly think!

Is that why u are funding the biggest country who births the most terrorists? Saudi
So, are you going to be pulling our bases out of Qatar? Those same bases where we launch attacks on Al Qaida and ISIS?
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
& u thought, I have biz in Saudi Arabia, so I'll ignore they attacked us on 9/11 & have supported terrorists or decades.
The ONLY way to DEFEAT ISIS and ALL the other Terror Groups is to DEBUNK their IDEOLOGY!
Ever hear of the term "scapegoat?"  You should be VERY familiar with it already.
PLEASE Go away from the Arab region as you are the biggest producer of terrorism
#my presdo action speaks louder than voice, pls come and save Biafrans bcos Nigeria foot soldiers want to finish us.
Every one knows how you are and what you want
Foreign policy OK, but look into sharia law that enemies inside America wants to legalized. In USA there are few counties accomplices.
So youre taking a pay cut?
Look at Saudi Arabia who funds Middle East radicalization of islam
Which middle east did you go too?
А кто же даёт оружия террористам YPG/PYD/PKK под названием СДС?Двойные стандарты? Волки на подходе
Real men don't wear makeup.#Fake
Do you mean when you're manipulated by the Russians with FAKE NEWS so you can create Middle East crisis. You're NOT Putins Puppet? Okay then
You won because Comrade Putin picked you.#Fake President
as you turn a blind eye to those countries who hold profitable margins for you.
