Head fake!  This would be moot if #mitchmcconell had balls to just drop (not in #Constitution) filibuster rule in #Senate! #RINOs #sedition
#Senate REPEAL Obamacare completely as PROMISED. NO Replace
FAUX news is praising McConnell Bwahaha   The Swamp Leader.
https://www.facebook.com/ThePissedOffAmerican/videos/509154206103814/ …
Mitch should step down he cannot control the republicans-too many R really Democrats in Sheep Clothing and Never Trumpers.
He won't have enough time for years!
This is also on Fox News :
Love it! Letterman said. “This guy couldn’t work at The Gap. So why do we have to be victimized by his fecklessness, his ignorance?”
RT @foxandfriends: Getting the job done! Sen. Mitch McConnell delays August recess to work on health care bill https://t...
Why bother, weak J. McCain & his ilk have no honor! They promised repeal for 7 yrs. Why not repeal your own exemption first!
Fox totally sucks, I can't stand network news period.. FAKE, FAKE, FAKE Your right Prez all FAKE!
Hahahaha what a joke
Maybe we can get some great minds in there to help. Cause obviously they need help. Maybe @DaveRamsey?
Not so much.
I never look at CNN, MSNBC, CBS, NBC  news. Cant  stand to watch those talking heads all with the same story. Even FOX has some.
Re sanctuary cities. ..
Yes Not only do refugees/illegals bring their bad habits/culture..They also bring many diseases that were irraticated in the US..
Trump supporters see him as their lord and saviour due to his money. The real Saviour said we cannot serve Him and money. They have chosen
What job?
Aw. They skipped weesess and now Mitch the Turtle didn't get his win! Quel dommage!
Repeal, Repeal,Repeal oh and don't forget to Repeal Obama care!

This is absolutely frightening, and my medically fragile child does not even quailfy for medical waivers.  Don't forget the fragile kids!
What about CHIP? We certainly pay plenty of taxes for the program.
What is CHIP?
Hi. I believe the correct title is Children's Health Insurance Program,  available for no charge to all children. Enacted in past 15-20 yrs?
My son is only 12.  This is good to know for the future though.  Thank you.
BTW...just heard today, 7/17/17.......CHIP is actually part of new Medicaid BHO expanded. Your son at his age should be convered.
In the state of Georgia, my son can not even get the Katie Beckett deeming waiver. It is ridiculous!! It would help us so much.
Time to ATTACk!  USA HCAccess is Actual access!  Many  with insurance do have ACCESS $5,000 deductibles for example.
Give me an update Mr. Trump, how is that going today ?
More than the lazy democraps, have not worked since trump got the wh, lazy bums!!
Very wise decision. Stay focused and pursue the goal!
http://Infowar.com 
Okay
Repeal and replace McConnell. He's an obstructionist RINO.
As if congress is going above & beyond...please.....

Delay because 8-10 GOP Senators are strong No.  #Loser

https://twitter.com/kupajo333/status/886620786273824768 …
haha- because we are willing to skip vacation as long as we get to eff 20million Murikans outta their healthcare
He probably just doing it so he can create the limelight to come back and vote no.
We can't see what's right under our nose. Reopen closed military bases with hospital, health service can b provides at minimal cost. Think?
Closing our military bases with hospitals was a great mistake because the Doctors & Nurses r already paid. Affordable health care!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump Thank you Senators!
Only the rich Americans do you love let the rest die right
Sad thing is you clowns believe what you say...or is it a show till you move on to the next losers?!
What? They want to find more ways to hurt people?
Delayed because republicans are too scared to face their constituents.
Good for McConnell!
you mean after 8 yrs the GOP only needs 2 mooooooooooore weeks> you are 1 silly little man/child/, y don't y ask putin & macron to help u?

@FOXNews Caught Censoring Damaging Comments on @DonaldJTrumpJr
@FOXNews Caught Censoring Damaging Comments on @DonaldJTrumpJr
The GOP will provide a new healthcare plan when the country has a new leader. Maybe the next election!

We have great health care in Oz... cant you just copy that...how hard is it...
Yeah, that is going to fix that bill.
Talk is cheap. Results speak volumes.
Also on @FoxNews David Letterman: ‘Figure out a way’ to remove Trump from office
Billions Billions and Billions for my, and my boys @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner rich buddy's join us
It is about time they work more. Ordinary citizens work 40 hrs./week x 52 weeks minus legal holidays. Cngrsman senators..how many hrs a year
Gotta get it done cmon republicans work together! If you get this done it will be the shot in the arm for 2018. Let's keep what we have
Look at those old a** h***s.  They don't care about people who voted them into office.
I don't know y both sides can't work together
blue cross says the new plan is "unworkable" 
CBO scores indicate it will fail
Trust Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan ONLY as far as you can toss Airforce One! They are being paid to undermine your efforts, Mr President!
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/708045086135881728 …
He's Rhino should have had plan after 8 yrs
How many times do the people tell they are sick of Russia but you keep bringing it up
I can guarantee you this the closer you get to throwing people in jail they will talk
Nothing but more BS!!
I have no faith anything will be done on HC taxes border control ever. Voting against all incumbents next time around. What a mess.
Reporters use to investigate stories know they just sit on there but and look pretty getting nothing done talk about lat earn your paycheck
You want to get to the bottom of health care and Russia FOLLOW THE MONEY it does not lie you can't hide the money period
Congress has proven once again how worthless they really are why doesn't anyone put them to the test they will do nothing until reelection
Please Mr President follow the money in the Democratic party only then will you find your answers
#JusticeforVets
Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
@Herb_Slojewski Why are you praising Mitch McConnell for doing what he's supposed to be doing?
#FakeNews
@POTUS putting those on the HILL to work finally. If only they worked as hard as he does. #MAGA
Scam artists, I don't know how those liars sleep at night. That's why their boses assume they will do anything for money. It's a clue liars.
Delay the recess to get the death bill done. You have so much to be proud of killer. What a loser President
Well about time they had to work thru recess !!! They're all #pukeoids

Republicans have had 8 years to come up with a replacement and all they have to show for it is a giant turd that helps the rich get richer.
He is hoping to take millions OFF Medicare.  These poor people  have nothing.  Will have less. No wonder he hides to work on it.
Senate Republicans exempt own health coverage from part of latest proposal

If the Senate would "Work" they could take their recess.
Trump wants the bill pushed through so Russian billionaires can take over US healthcare industry #MAGA https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-07-14/russian-billionaires-plan-u-s-health-push-with-d-c-insiders … via @business
I WIIL BE DONE !!!  ITS TIME !  Move on America !!!  NEW AMERICAN ECO ERA IS HERE !!!  Move it  GO GO GO - don't look back 
Repeal it and keep gov't out of hhealth care!
LOL..Trump loves watching the 3 Stooges Morning show.
U have done NOTHING
I'll take back everything Ive said about GOP if they actually do their job.
But wait!!!! You also tweeted that you have little time for TV. And what about that giant TV screen you installed? You are #WorstPOTUSEver
About time the Republicans got to work!! After 8 years of obstruction and doing nothing!! I'm worried they forgot how to work!
Translation: I can't even get enough GOP votes to pass this stinking piece of shit so we're going back to the drawing board

McConnell is playing a game with us. He's an insider. Appears to be for repeal but he can't upset his Senate country club membership. #MAGA
If this passes, you will not only killed Americans, but any kind of future of the @GOP #MakeTheMapBlueAgain @Dems 2018 #Trumpfollies #Russia
Because the GOP needs more time to figure out how best to destroy people in America.
The GOP that once cared about the average person is long since gone. We are a left with a party who would betray their values and collude.
2.5% - 0% and $695 - 0 retro to 12/31/15 , guess time to get a title loan ( suxs to of gotten an abortion ) and tanning tax ?  only 60 pg in
We must still be diligent in ensuring that the rich and Members of Congress are treated better than other (subhuman)Americans under this law
Make Russia  great again
FRB&Abe's Fake Yen!!あなたの一万円札は偽札は米国と安倍政権が作った偽札の可能性あり！！
「アメリカ製円」が、国内に流通!! http://blog.goo.ne.jp/mokushiroku666/e/8dcf8bf884b860de15e8d8b2f87edc4b … @susanou666さんから
Send a message
I need the president ASAP
Get me Donald Trump the police department Orange County is not helping. My seven-year-old daughter got raped a girl named Jasmine.

The 3 stooges. 
This is some of the TV that you didn't watch....

I tried to tell you; but why listen to me? I'm not Hamilton. I'm A Hamilton Spirit.

#ThatsHowWeResist @GOP @DNC #ResistTrump…
FAUX news is such a joke
@realDonaldTrump they have had 8 years and done nothing. I don't think 2 weeks is going to change their ineptitude.
WHAT'S TO WORK ON - JUST REPEAL WITH NO REPLACEMENT.  THIS IS WHAT WE THE PEOPLE WANT.  OH WAIT A SECOND, YOU NEVER LISTEN TO WE THE PEOPLE
Tick Tock Your On The Clock... Make It Count!
That's mighty nice of them. Better have adopted Cruz's plan
Was supposed to be after the 4th. Mitch needs some help I think...(insert sad clown face here)
Economy slowing down
@realDonaldTrump Yep!  They need more time to figure a healthcare bill that's a piece of crap and how to shove it down the country's throat.
Why is it you don't distance yourself from the worst Senators possible. I mean really..  your supporting Mitch
Wealth Care. Fixed it.
About dang time. All they do is take breaks. What American worker gets this much time off
NO to TRUMPCARE!
Repeal
You mean he delays August recess to make sure everyone in the USA gets it up the good and plenty!
AND IT IS STILL GOING TO FAIL DUE TO TAX BREAKS FOR THE RICH AND CUTS IN MEDICAID TO COVER THE TAX BREAKS.  YOU LIED>
Wow, work is what McConnell calls it? Closed doors, no review for Senators, 20 plus million Americans off healthcare, sounds like a poor job
Obamacare Is Not Collapsing, Imploding or Exploding
Republicans can repeal and replace Obamacare.
Don't think they heard about this:
@realDonaldTrump @VP If @SenMajLdr PATRIOT, he will change voting 2simple majority 2further @POTUS appointees & legislation. #majorityrules
We didn't endure these past 6 mths+ of unprecedented resistance from left to maintain the status quo whether it's ACA, taxes, immigration!
Faux News and Friends and faux president.  Both truly dumb "unreality" shows
Thank you for doing what it takes to get the job done.
@realDonaldTrump do any of you watch yourself on TV when you go home at night? If not do so please! Not good. SAD
Moderate GOP Senators who insist on keeping ACA with all its welfare provisions must be targeted for defeat in next re-election cycle.
.#LovePresidentTrump
REPAIR, don't repeal--haven't you people figured that out yet?!!
The only media outlet that will be a puppet for 45. SAD
You people obstructed Obama constantly, how does it feel Mitch????
I would appreciate it if you would retweet legitimate news sources like @wsj and @npr. I dislike CNN just as much as you, but Fox is no diff

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
FYI- Fox is OG fake news #notareliablesource #peopleandplanetoverprofitsfortheprivileged
Dont call a bill that removes insurance from millions, gives u catastrophic care with no er, ambulance or meds. As a MD, I would be ashamed.
Republicans work, while democrats try to fill their pockets. Crooks
please listen to Rand Paul. just REPEAL and not replace!!!
If they want to accomplish something they need to GET MR. CHEETO OUT OF THE WH!! THEN I would say the did something!!!
What happens to the disabled, elderly in nursing homes and children with debilitating illnesses if their Medicaid does not support them?
Why a huge tax cut in a health care bill? What happens if one buys a skinny plan and then gets a catastrophic illness? How are they covered
To #realDonaldTrump, transparency is pulling your pants down in public.
Getting the job done? Clueless media fools!
I'll believe it when I see it
