you give me the change
I am a time traveler & i know when u r died.... The jeen r mad by light.... so he can travel time:-P
Malignant narcissistic sociopath!
Damn ass! Sorry excuse for whatever he is. He sure isn't president.
Right On! Right On! Keep up the good work you are doing Mr. President!
http://4ProofOfGod.Com 
Thank you for all your hard work in dealing with this tragedy
My friend died for this country and she is a gay person.
How can you let gays be fired????
You said you would be supporting the gay community. You are someone I wish I never voted for!!!!
WHY THE DUCK ARE YOUR PANTS SO TIGHT, LOL
Very well spoken Mr. President!
Novel idea; division starts at seating arrangement.  To get things done! Seat House & Senate Rep, Dem, Rep, Dem, Rep, Dem, Rep, Dem, Rep.
President Trump: Please make a worldwide address to the people of North  Korea. Now is the time to save yourselves. Overthrow your leaders.
Ummm Citizens of North Korea don't have access to the outside world
why does ur face look like that
And why I've been with MAGA from the start. I'm still struggling to recover and have no insurance yet. I was fined for last year. Help.
God Bless our President
I have PERSONALLY been to one to many Fallen Heros Ceremonies to dishonor ANY OF THEM THE WAY YOU HAVE AND ARE. Find another way to protest.
...just so you can "make a point"? Yes, they fought for those very same freedoms, but that doesn't mean you can dishonor their sacrifice.
than that. Our beloved brothers and sisters, son's and daughters, fathers and mothers. ALL who fought bravely and faced death honorably...
....by "taking a knee", then you don't get the honor of looking them in the eye and thanking them for their service. We owe them more....
...any of our fallen heroes, the young sons and daughters that fought bravely and honorably for those freedoms you so quickly dismiss....
To all of those that they Mbrs their nose at the flag and the National Anthem, I am ASHAMED OF YOU ALL. If you have ever gotten close to....
We have a President with some balls. That's been lacking for at least 8 years. We love what your doing Mr President. Trump in 2020!!!!
@jennafischer he pledged American help weeks ago.
Booooooo booooooo boooo.  Just stop talking
Mr. President, We The People have become so diversified, culturally,  socially and ethnically,  I believe a New Revolution is coming.
No, he is a victim of Pharmaceutical Companies.
Veteran for Medical Marijuana
Veteran on Medical Marijuana.
Veteran on Pharmaceuticass
Pharmaceuticals (i thought they call these smart phones,  spellcheck.
= loser. Shut up Don. Ur a traitor and a liar. How many businesses of yours failed? Pay back all those Trump U students?
In principle ,mettle relies.
Truly immaculate. A great speech by a great President of a great nation. We, the good citizens & the Armed forces of Pakistan endorse you.
Have anyone ever told you your boring as heck? @realDonaldTrump
Just heard your going to Alabama to 
Campaign against Roy Moore. Thats like going to Indiana to campaign against Mike Pence.
Big mistake
DACA amnesty is a huge NO!
Go home.
No one had anything on Obama he was the lyingest liar ever
I want so much to give u a chance
I am going to apply for a vacation visa to your gorgeous country Mr President trump 
So greetings from Ireland
Please do not give up on us.
*WEAKLY
Amen!
God bless you President Trump & God Bless America!!! 
Bright MGM to stay home and do as they're told okay I'm no traitor
You   stant   with   our  leader    Daw   Aung   Sann  Su   Kyi    .   Thank  my  friend  Ms   Donald   J.  Trump
So very proud of you Mr. President. Keep up the good work. God Bless
Keep up the amazing job...
Laynal zaml bok. Azaml nihahan
His last words "as the childtrn of Gof" , Thankyou.
Correction: "as the children of God"
I would love to meet you shake your hand and say great job keep up the good work
We are having another'hurricane' that is affecting our heritage as a nation! The vandalism of statues is a violation of free speech! Stop it

I love you Mr President!

I GIVE 0 SHITS!
Thank you for this weekly address, so many do not know the history of our founding. May God continue to bless & protect you and your family.
Well said Mr. President, well said. Listen to a Patriots words our @POTUS
ICYMI:
29/ Historians will disagree on "the beginning of the end" of Trump. But his campaign manager getting indicted? That'll be a *popular* pick.
Begin by learning to speak in sentences.
God bless; God bless:
Heartedly love you and God bless you president Donald Trump.
#DonaldTrump
Be careful America, if his mouth is moving he's lying....
Well that was a whole lotta nothing. Wtf! #PhonyPresident
He is holding in a fart bigger than the IBM North Korea launched. Why are we worried??
NO DEALS ON DREAMERS send them ALL back and BUILD THE WALL I'm sick of these people getting there damn way. !!!!
Mr. President, bless you. My prayers are with you.
Thank you my president
Agree
Mr. President, WE WANT *****Roy Moore*****.
Education, Education, Education
Stick to your campaign promises that got you to the WH please.

God bless you Mr president Trump and God bless America 
@realDonaldTrump Now has a weekly propaganda video!!
Good job reading boss! Who wrote this? It was pretty good, you know literate and coherent. Just curious?
I want to believe hes on our side. We the people....that is.
Can u please get a voice/ diction coach so u don't look so ridiculous when you speak?
Go Don Go!
Thank for having our backs for the Constitution. ..Happy happy  Constitution Day 9/17/17
I remember when they called Obama the food stamps President , Trump is the weatherman President or the wall Potus, go for what you know Don

Mentally ill DJT, do you really believe the BS you're putting out there?
U/MALANIA R WHITE SUPREMISTS USING BLACK KIDS 4 PHOTO OP. OBVIOUS IT MAKES FOLKS SICK SEEING MELANIA SO BRAZEN WITHTHE KKK'S AGENDA.TRASH  
You cant follow ur heart when it comes to illegal immigration
You should follow the law and whats best for America
That's why i voted for u
You misspelled 'Weakly.'
Just retire. You are way too old to be president. Senior and useless.
Waste of airspace.
Yuk.  U r clueless
Sounds like an 5th graders oral report.
i thought the weekly address was him telling you the address of a new trump property or a website to buy his hats..
Does anyone listen to these weekly addresses?
What are you squiting at? You are inside.
Why do you always look like your doing a number 2?
I'd give real money if you'd just shut up.
You have absolutely no idea what lies under the soils of the earth, of America all the souls you've single handily  disrupted, Karma's a 

well said
AMEN!!! 
Pres. Reagan started #StrategicDefenseInitiative & he would send Macron & Merkel an #HAARP induced Hurricane back @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Waiting for Maria? – We strike back if Kim Jong-un attacks, we do nothing if Macron & Merkel attack? @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SebGorka @GOP

Put a sock in it
Jesus Christ, how much lard to you eat in a sitting??/
You'd think the lard would work it's magic...
Right? :(

Different Color Hair Dye ? Darker, Is Better. That Light "Blonde" Thing, Makes you Look Like A Bad Dyed Yob Poodle
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
May God bless you for your unwaivering service. #MAGA
Does anyone really watch this?
Beautiful, and so true.
I love the tie!
Poor guy can't read. Make America Read Again.
then how dare you try to ban #Trans people from the military. Your words have no meaning when your actions contradict them.
Finally we have a real President. May God go before you always.
we don't give a shit what you say. It's all bullshit ! resign quit leave now before you destroy our country
Does anyone else find it ironic that he touts the rule of law while being investigated for obstruction of justice?
Awesome  speech
me gusta señores
Found your old home movie reel from Jamaica Estates. Explains everything.
DACA without a wall,staying in Paris Climate Agreement,Globalists&Dems as advisors.Will the real Donald J Trump I voted for please stand up?
Patience grasshopper, good cannot be forced and compromise is progress.
Pathetic. No class, no dignity, no humility. Worst president ever.
can you just make it a yearly address? THe less bull crap from you the better.
Your words pulls no weight, you're a proven liar
39.9 k?  i didn't watch it either.
Thanks for the 5th grade history lesson.
Is ur care and dutty sire
So scrutety and scrutety to the content to the nation that issue Wiman and kids a self working investment uman rights Wimans rights
I'm holding uman rights Wimans rights
I let you have go and look at the how world sire and reptshon for ur bisness reptshon for modenashon
So get on this ad nuff of shit
I can't quite understand why your face looks like your having a bowel movement when you speak? Are constipated from all your lies?
You can't speak to the nation without a teleprompter because everything that comes out of your mouth is BS!
Just stop talking.
Too much talking in stead of action trump is a folk person and a big idiot as ever united state saw as a president he has to go to his busin
Get some eyeglasses!
@HillaryClinton and her friends sought to destroy all that the Constitution stands for.  Thank you,  PRESIDENT #Trump
@BetsyDeVosED  #Teachers
On behalf of all decent people, please please delete your account.
No one wants to see this every week. 
#TrumpRussia #trumpliesmatter
Really?  Retweet your tweet that you retweeted.  It's how you inflate your numbers, huh?  #FakeTweets
Why do you squint so much?  #askingforafriend #TheResistance wants to know.
Blah!!!!
Who wrote that speech? Trump sure didn't know any of that history. I bet that he's never even read the constitution before.
Meanwhile, let's pull out of the Paris agreement. After all,  climate change is a hoax. Narcissistic Bafoon. Embarrassment! #Notmypresident
Indeed, buffoon it is.
Is he serious???
Your lips are moving, must be lying ...
#MAGA!!!!!!!
