Thank you!!!!  I love my president
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs:… htt...
Yes!!!!
The designs of order appear fastened to a shut leak, a knotted off air faux.
Why ?????
WINNING!!!!!
Psalm 64King James Version (KJV)
Thank God!   Now Comey is protected!
SGI池田名誉会長と、俺との会談も宜しくお願いしますね
so when your boss asks you to cover up a fraud, what does it say to do?
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
people do not like you!
Another executive order?Good thing for money laundering because you're the worst negotiator ever..
Did you color in your coloring book again & show everyone your idiotic exec orders? #idiotinchief #LiarInChief #growup
I mean. You could've used a term other than 'whistleblower'. May as well call it 'tattle tale'
Now if only you would do the same for the whitehouse
Love my President!
Sooo, Are Flynn and Page covered when they roll on you?
you only have an executive order obama had a full fledged through the house/senate bill. #quitalready #quitershavebighands
My god, aren't you running out of Executive Order forms?
Build the wall
Drain the swamp
Repeal & replace
Defend life
Dump Ryan
Stop Antifa
Defund Berkeley
USA will stand with you. 
Drain the swamp??? HahahahahahahHa
あなたの目撃情報は…6119146番目親子を捕まえるには、まだまだ情報が足りません引き続き情報をお寄せください
Dog
Can't get enough of your valuable accomplishments
How about signing one that says you have to show your taxes or that you have to forgo using your properties? EO's we'd all like you to sign!
The NYT has been blowing the whistle on you for a year now. #notmypresident
Your the best trump! Making America great again one step at a time!
We Love and Support President Trump 
Worst president
Shut up

@BarackObama fired Flynn @realDonaldTrump knowing that fact, hired "best guy for the job" Flynn as N.S.A., @PressSec
Excellent
Good, long over due.  Now fire those who harressed the whistleblowers.
Protect Snowden
Trump haters dont make them selves look too good when the reply 20 times to one tweet
How's that reading class going? Are you through with "Fun with Dick and Jane" yet?
Although, the movie kinda fits...
Married three times and caught abusing women at least once.. #trump #MAGA @realDonaldTrump

So let me get this straight, you want to "protect" whistleblowers by killing them? Sounds kind of like your health care plan…
…but if the so-called "whistleblowers" happen to be foreign governments, you encourage them to commit espionage against the United States?
Ur like a college kid cramming for a test they're unprepared for. Unfortunately for you, you're not being graded on the # of papers signed…
You loved the whistleblowers until they started unveiling YOUR corruption. Then all the sudden they became criminals.

And yet you literally said, regarding @Snowden, "Kill the 'traitor'"!
You have no idea what you are doing on this topic.
They probably have been funneling money.
Oh, Donald I know you're upset about all the "First 100 Days" blowback but you don't need to parade every single thing you sign and do.
THANK YOU @POTUS FOR #MAGA 
It was great already your Russia sympathizers!
Trump supporters have made the #MAGA So utterly meaningless. It's the lowest standard ever. Words supersede results. No more #MAGA...low bar
Lol...it has a whole new meaning...MAGA means Maggots Are Gutting America! !!
Lmao you got so proud of that, you put it in your bio...sad!
Absolutely...proud as a peacock...strutting my beautiful colors.  Jealous much???
Miz Perfecto another Russian sympathizer, even has Russia as her location.
LOL Yeah, you're committed to "accountability" and "whistleblower protection." Okay. DEFINITELY not bullshit. #DefinitelyBullshit
Also, a real president wouldn't need to issue an unprecedented number of Executive Orders already. It's called "legislation", Don.
he's already signed 11 more than Obama did in 8years. Master of the deal? Master of the FAIL!
Seriously? You may want to check that. Obama signed a total of 286 in eight years.  @POTUS has signed 30.
i do admit when I'm wrong
You misspelled "Obummer."
あなたの目撃情報は…6119394番目親子を捕まえるには、まだまだ情報が足りません引き続き情報をお寄せください




That's before it was discovered that congress and senate don't do their jobs
The Republicans own 55% of the House and 52% of the Senate. He is their leader. Why on earth is he unable to negotiate with his own party?
If everything that he was negotiating up until now was approved, we'd be in a hell hole right now. And then blame it all on Obama.
He is a fan of that. Spicer just blamed Obama for not vetting Flynn for god's sake.
Was Flynn not given high security clearance by the Obama administration?
Obama fired him, Trump hired him. Wow.
Obama fired him because he spoke the truth instead of Obama's Agenda
Deuteronomy 28:7
“The Lord will cause your enemies who rise against you to be defeated before your [1/2]
Working to keep it serious... she's a great lady.
I'm fed up with white christian man terrorism. Why just focus on Muslims?
Examples of white Christian terrorism please? You don't have any.
KKK, dweeb
how about something a little more current, shill
Just as long as nobody whistleblows on you or holds you accountable right crook?
Chicken!
Well, he showed an in depth financial report that shows much more than a tax form.He's still in audit & HRC hasn't produces the lost emails
audit has nothing to do with anything
and reminder: 
-------> 40 years of precedent <-----
it is probably 20000 pages or more and no one could read them anyway
and as you can see, 
people
disagree
It is not about taxes. It is about loss. About finding one tiny little thing. Cause the russian thing didn't work the fraud abuse didn't wk>
yeah, 
sure
you realise you are one twitter account versus
Speaking of signing things & Accountability:

Show us your taxes, Donald.
Show me yours
Why? Did Johnathon make campaign promises of being transparent Including sharing his taxes when elected? No, that's right, that was TRUMP.
He is just another sheep who doesn't want to know or doesn't care if the man running his country is corrupt.
did you care that Obama and the clintons  were and still are corrupt
Only in your narrow little mind.
Donna Brazile, Emails/phones/laptops destroyed, ignoring federal subpoena's, Clinton foundation. and I'm the narrow minded one! LOL
Barry Soetoro Barack Hussein Obama needs to un seal his records so we can see who paid for his schooling & how V. J had his prez. set up
Thank you for all that you are doing President Trump
So people can blow the whistle on the VA but not you.

One you didn't read.
Where is YOUR accountability?
Yes I'm sure ur protecting whistleblowers. Let's ask sally Yates about that!!
Well done. You signed a piece of paper. Better relax on the golf course. #WorstPresidentEver
How ironic considering your blackmail threat to Comey..
but what have you done about snowden? is he to be freed?
Accountability.  That and integrity are lacking in 45.
Haaaa u likes executive orders
Are your EOs purposely supposed to seem like hypocritical jokes?! Seriously guy? What's up with this ass hattery?!
Clean up the #CORRUPTION 
So many tax $'s wasted
Wow, your lies per hour are high for the 27th.  Even for you.
The art of deflection!
That's all you have done in 100 days is sign executive orders you could even get your judge in with out changing the rules LMAO
Let's hold you accountable first. What are you hiding? Your "presidency" is "trumped up!"
Who investigates the cowardly VAOIG??
Who do I report you ineptness to? Who I report your taking money from the Russiansto?
100 days.....0 legislation.
Trump has established pro-econ rejuvenation direction and would produce even more w/o constant Dem obstructionism.
Please block funding for PBS and Judy Woodruff
Including the folks who will eventually blow the whistle on you?
#NoFlyZone4Rojava
Your cabal is already full of corruption, #Cheeto, and your #BlankExecutiveOrder will be blocked!
How bout protection for whistleblowers that leak info about all your idiotic decisions.
HOPE THIS HELPS YOU GET IMPEACHED!!!!!  #PUTINSPUPPET
Another day of winning for America!
I voted for u,I expect u to keep your promises, put the UN in their place,cut their funds in half, get rid of NAFTA,STOP ROB FUNDS FOR OCARE
Can't an executive order be signed to have you thrown out?
VERYGOODMRTRANPUpresident
Please Help Here! >>
My request for expedited treatment of my FOIA request for info on my computer intrusions probe has been denied by the @TheJusticeDept 1/3
Mr. Trump,sit down and talk Imagine that North Korea is a province of China with nuclear weapons. The two are Reds. Less diplomatic hysteria
Any sense. We use to have the best schools in the world, we need to meet/beat the standards of Germany, Japan, Oxford. It needs to start in
How about you take accountability?? You blame Obama for all your fuck ups. Obama fired Flynn
my wi fi no good I back to know my English is no good but I want to know
is that like looking the camera dead in and telling Russia to hack us? I've got a call to make!
Executive orders mean nothing!!
TRYING TO COVER YOUR ASS  IT WONT WORK .... EVERYONE IS ON TO YOU 
The United States must suddenly overwhelm Korea, silently and act, as a warning to any dictator.
Do you know that a VA higher up cant be fired basically? No matter what even death. Check it out. Might learn something outside your box.
Thinking Economy and the ejected in the fake&idiot left-aid for too long time... as mother&wife I well understand the
I thought you didn't agree with signing a lot of executive order you hypocrite.
Only problem is that the rest of the country is blowing the whistle on you. Evil POTUS!
So, do I get this? Your Administration *45 donnyboy @realDonaldTrump @POTUS will be reported to - so you have first shot at covering it up?
Damn, another EO.  When u gonna run outta those things and get something legislative done.
General Flynn will benefit from whistleblower protection.
When are you going to improve your accountability?
Btw 7% GDP for Trump, ridiculous.
Great!
Paul Ryan sold us out w/ last president. Bring our oil off the international market. PUT ban back on oil exports so citizens can be rewarded
He only uses executive orders because he knows he'll never be able to pass this s*** through Congress
Let's get an Executive Order for protecting the Whistleblowers inside the WH.
Good! !

Both Trump transition and the White House did a background check on Flynn. The Trump transition was aware of his business ties with Turkey. 
how about ending Obama's DOL fiduciary rule which is terrible for both the industry and client - we are already fiduciaries
Oh the irony....
ironic
Pardon Snowden
Well that's rich, especially coming from you and your lil racist minions.
Thank you President Trump! Your commitment to our veterans is true! #maga
LIAR
bwwwaaahahahahahahahahah!
When he signing an EO to remove him from office?
And who exactly would trust you?
We're waiting for somebody to whistleblower on YOU, so we can be put out of our misery! Tick... tock...
Build the wall build the wall and get rid of all these liberals we love you Donald Trump let's get rid of. Of Governor Jerry Brown please
Stupid f thinks he can just sign EO's. Checks and balances will take care of your disregard for our democracy
FIRST we need a better Whistleblower Program in the WH since it's full of crooks and liars!
Is this all he can do?  Sign EOs and lose in court?  Yes. Yes it is all he can do. And play golf on our dime.
Blowing your own whistle doesn't entitle you protection! Cough up your tax returns! You already have mine and those of my fellows!
start the accountability sweep in your own house first!
Turn the whistle on your corrupt self
I appreciate these steps forward towards a more promising future but let's make sure you set example & pardon @Snowden #truth #honor #faith
Who cares
Since there are and continue to be many whistle-blowers against you, I fully encourage more protections for them.
Just love doe eyed Pence. He just adores you.
LMAO
Unless the leak information about me. You are a two-faced liar
Will this help with the #Russiagate investigation?
Accountability has been non-existent for a decade! Gov jobs should ALL have accountability to the people, just as our new president has had!
Where is your accountability @realDonaldTrump ?  Can't wait till you end up in prison.
Thank you.  That being said, why are u lowering education standards and yet pulling millions of $ out of school funding? That doesn't make
Shame you don't have the ability to lead. You know like what a president does? All you do is brag about your failures. feckless!
I hope a whistleblower spills the beans about your collusion with Russia. Then we can get on to the IMPEACHMENT PROCESS OF THE ORANGE  MAN
YOU"R" LYING AGAIN,you just made it impossible for career GOVT. employees to "TRUST" that reporting violations will not cost them their jobs
Another executive order ? You was always critizing Mr Obama in the past for such actions ! Why you bragged about them now !!?
You sure do like those executive orders...makes you feel big, huh?  Too bad so many of them are so terrible.
gas is high because Paul sells USA resources (ex:oil), cheap & the citizen pays for the resource again. bring our oil home! cheap gas 4 USA
so now Flynn and ex-A.G. can testify openly? Whistle-blower protection my ass! you were bought and paid for, resign in disgrace already!
absolutely what we need!
@POTUS DT - You need Whistle-blower Protection for your @WhiteHouse so everyone watching you break laws & be ignorant, can come forward ASAP
#Greatmove
Snowden is a HERO --- you're the TRAITOR
Something very much needed !!Hope you have a do this anonymously program! Or people I'll be fraud to come forward ! For fear of retribution
Whistle blower protection should include every department, including  Snowden & Assange
