Thats right, We will MAGA
America is already great. You are just fear mongering.
You're talking to a Soros Bot with no followers sent to overrun his twitter page with negative comments. Ignore them and block!
Guess what @realDonaldTrump ? It is happening already! 
Yes !
Mr. Trump, I voted for you as I wanted change.  But the first thing you do is cut medical for the poor?
Uh, but he said he was repealing Obamacare over and over again.  What the hell did you think? Yet, Prez Obama gave your poor azz insurance.
He was always clear what he planned to do. "But...but...her emails!"
Imagine if you had Trump emails showing he received money from Saudi Arabia and Qatar & in return they received a massive jump in arms deals
Then imagine verified emails show Trump also brokered a deal & received massive donations to Trump Foundation from Uranium One just before..
...Uranium One was purchased by Russia where Putin now has the land rights to 20% of US Uranium. What a scandal that would be.
For me it's still a mystery how you gonna make America Great Again when you can't even unify the country
Game face
God be with you as you and your people make America Great Again. Thanks a zillion
Sir we are going to vote in NEW Senators and a Congress who have your & our back. Those who abandoned us "you're on notice!" #FridayFeeling
You are the strongest person in the world, God bless you and keep you.
Thank you President Trump. It is far worse than we ever imagined.  Please keep fighting for America First!
Fire MUELLER
Yep Real Americans have your back, anti American and atheist don't . That's fine .
We are waiting for that.  So far, you have made us worse and Russia greater.
According to @EWErickson in a piece he had just written, you take no advice from staffers and get angry when you do. Therefore Press leaks.
I have no doubt either that you will be a great POTUS! It's amazing how you fought for us already!! God Bless! #MAGA
Fought for who exactly? Saying Bill did nothing wrong during sexual harassment month...like he knows it as fact? Healthcare recipients? ...
俺は日本人です生粋の(笑)

蒼い鳥の嘶きでテディベア村の村長さんに繋ぐ、墓石だまるで。

俺に睨まれた君はサンドバッグさ、溜まらねぇ。さぁて、肩慣らしに喉鳴らし、嘶け蒼い鳥♪～～♪

空繋ぐ言の葉凪がして声枯れて、俺のLittle Boyを君にお見舞い、この日々が飽くまで飽くまで悪魔でご搭乗。
Except for the dems and the libs.Other than that...all americans
Want to wish you and Your family a safe happy easter !
Ah
please speak up about need for Democracy in China. No Freedom of speech,  no Human Rights,  no free Press & One Party.
Are you resigning?? 
Not hardly!!
Let's get it done!!
you have only managed to bring hate not great.  You always lie, how can anyone believe you?
WE'RE WITH U @realDonaldTrump ALL THE WAY
@Jamenkugel we're gonna make it great no matter what the liberals throw at us PRESIDENT TRUMP! Thank you so much
@eturner010 Why are all of these left-wing bigots, racists, and liars on your Twitter account? They are what they accuse.
@eturner010 They wanted to crown Hillary as Queen so that she could ransack DC and start World War III. She would laugh.
@eturner010 So, you see, these reprobates will not "unite", but want to see America go down into flames.
@eturner010 We need to #MAGA by going on the offensive and destroying this left-wing treason from Obama and all of the rest
Stay focused.Don't let the Left define.MAGA!
GREATEST PRESIDENT! ! THANK YOU  PRESIDENT TRUMP! GET OBAMAS PEOPLE OUT!
Doesn't  it bother you that so many people hate you? That would bother me..............Make friends not enemies
Great Great Great
Make America Great Again
USA USA USA
Trump Trump Trump
Thank you President Trump and Melania you've got Class!

you are ruining America
Please step down go run your business you can continue to step on those in your way Leave USA alone
What is it with you America has always been wonderful where have you been I know your hotels in other countries Wow Nerve
God bless you mr. President! Even though we still have many Americans that are blind, those that R awake thank you! #MAGA
We need to move on Obama, there saying he's got 30,000 Army to take out, plz move fast!
Although most of people don't realize you, I trust you can make a great America again after Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
Being in Isolation of the world, will not make us great. It will make us a target.  Get your Atom Bombs ready.
America is a continent, not a country. Your country is the United States!!!
In my opinion, You are fighting against hegemony of Jewish lobbies and Global shekels barons. Therefore You are in danger!
MURICAAA
time to BOYCOTT TJMAXX (one of my favorites i spend tons there) and MARSHALLS. Shame on you. Just sell the stupid goods.
bing bong
praying 4 u and mr pence that the Muslim ban will go thru! Go trump pence!
I assume you know USA need to do business with other countries, I got the point but need resources,  exchange. .no? Yes?
the american people ??? I remind you ass that México, and all latino América are just that the american contitent
could have been right had you not treated the natives so badley water is life..
where is Barry O when you need him?! Amirite?! SOS @BarackObama
What do you actually mean by "great again"? Great like when women and minorities had no rights? Cause that's how it seems.
Don't stop tweeting N fact U should consider TNN Trump News Network Please consider, Some only believe what they hear & see
#stupidpresident
#peopleoftheworld @ComedyCentral @NikkiGlaser
My husband passed away Nov. 28 ~ We were always on the Trump Train! So happy u r our president!
cnn ratings never been better, people love watching their lies blow up in there face
radicals are turned, you are radical or you are not
cnn polls only include big cities, not urban america
don't be a muppet of no one keep doing what u doing pls If u see Obama tell him ( go to hell lied to allcubans in Miami )
For what it's worth , I think and hope Trump can and will make this Country great again,
Bla bla
define 'great'
america was great until you became our president
"@realDonaldTrump:I have no doubt that we will, together,#MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
and the #NetherlandsSecond!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELD2AwFN9Nc … #Trump
@jim_fowlds Indeed. Donald Trump has redefined "against all odds." We will MAGA, and I am honored to be part of it!
As am I! Trump is awesome! Surrounded by criminal scum and liars!
No, Hillary and Obama aren't there
They are around. Every evil, underhanded act passes down from them.
indeed
Sorry, Iiked you but you crossed a line when you kill Muslims, even in the Navy. I am saddened by your action! Pls resend
America is great! Dont screw it up...
if u want to make America great again just give up give back obama his spot thank you
who said it you or the purge? I bet you don't even know.
We know they're idiots,  please show something interesting!  He's an old attention hound! Lol
ALL WHITE PEOPLE DO NOT ORIGINATE FROM THE STATES. THE STATES ARE STOLEN LANDS ONLY NATIVES CAN MAKE IT GREAT AGAIN!!
Wow...never in my whole life have I ever pinned for a dead comedian but I'm really missing Lesslie Nielsen now.
Who is we? Mid-term elections is where we can start to make America great after 2-years of your administration & you!!!
GREAT AGAIN! interesting choice of words implying that america was great once but no longer is. So when was it great?
caracoles
please spread love, America is already great dont stop the people to come. It will break the hearts of those who love USA.
..
I have noticed the increased optimism and production taking place. Chin up.
then why do YOU continue to lie and make policies that divide us?
Mr. President, Great Leaders are remembered for their contributions to humanity,civilization,justice and a better future for the globe
impeech him pls
...which part of history are you refering to?
Dear president Trump, in your opinion WHEN was america great?.. I still think our country IS great.. I am curious to know
OMG making it fearful is more like it. Thanking the good lord I'm Canadian we are already great!!!!!!!
Great job on the #MuslimBan  Thank you for putting our safety FIRST. Protesters are just the #DIRTBAGLEFT
You betcha! You nailed it! I didn't realize just how many demon-possessed maniacs we had.
stop lying
Actually, I've always been kind of cool with America just the way it was. Everyone else is a pussy #imsorrynoonelovedyou
America was never great
SHOW US YOUR BIRTH CERTIFICATE. YOU ARE BORN IN RUSSIA
Please go ahead and mess with China, it's going to be great for Taiwan.  I hope.
is gonna go down
I don't understand why you hate all of us (latin people), It's not our fault that your business failed in Mexico.
.@realDonaldTrump we were great before u and will be great again when u are gone.
nope.
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/501554/&ved=0ahUKEwiDhpnUpuPRAhUIbiYKHTE1CE0QFgjPATAb&usg=AFQjCNFFexNZPDuyhnm2tcBNPoNGMOokaA&sig2=LXYGjz3vzVUqbuKbkBG-Yw …
America was great with @BarackObama. You're here to MAKE AMERICA HORRIBLE AGAIN!
so impressed at what you've already done and I am so excited to see our country turning back to greatness!
Again? Which time period in America are you referring to?
we aren't together and that phrase is old
it was great before you showed up
maybe before you achieve your dreams you will have already left office.
paiaso
America has always been great.  Stop selling us short.
, but First we must make media honest, working for us, the people, not for the corporations and financial oligarchs 
Estan bien pendejo América es todo el continente
@TammiMGuest I have faith in you President Trump
you keep saying that phrase.  I do not think it means what you think it means. #fraud
América ? Or United states of América, bitch ?
Pizzagate is 100% real, remember Pedophile Island, God expects you to Save his children !!!
People expect you to follow up on prosecuting Hillary, no one's above the law, remember ???  Also pizzagate is 100% real !
Yes! He needs to go after these traitors and America-haters with a vengeance!
unequal rights? If that what great means to you, You are the sickest most disgusting man ever
what is your definition of "great?" Pollution? Rape? Racism? Being a coward?
Amerikkka has NEVER been nor ever will be GREAT!
I believe you can do it!
YAP! GREAT IN SHIT!
I have no doubt you will do just that!  :)
As the old Nike sale pitch was, "Just Do It"! Please Mr. President
nice
MAKE AMERICA SICK AGAIN
do you know any other sentences
America IS great b/c it stands for EQUALITY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL. Your words and deeds go against everything good this country stands for.
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE.
does that mean that we're sending you on a rocket ship to the moon asap?
si lo que tu digas
we were already great, then your bullshit showed up.
you are a monster
your just like hitler "We will make Russia Great again" boii
smd
HELLL YEAH !!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B/FM
#1 SUPPORTER!
Make it great again? Yes, you can. Simply STEP DOWN
The browning of America may now be inevitable BUT the BROWNING of our CULTURE cannot be TOLERATED!
Glad to see your family enjoying themselves while others are jobless and starving in the great USA! #classless
omg! People r so rude! Personally I have a good feeling he won't f up like Hillary  could hav done!
America was already great. But now we are shamed by a President who knows nothing but never stops lying!
Time to cut out the poison and coruption we were always GREAT but we can be greater again
shut up
America is already great. You, on the other hand, are a loser. Pathetic. The worst! No talent!
God Bless the President.
I have doubts.
you say that a lot, dont you?
The US congress and the Senate must play a crucial role in the next 4 years to protect the USA from the ...Trump presidency
#bobandbj22. There are a number of ways to recover $$s from illegals getting benefits, like IRS, taxes, education & welfare
#bobandbj22  doing name checks at Soc Sec, IRS & FBI for back taxes & residences plus employment to locate illegals.
#bobandbj22. Stop all federal funding for illegal aliens and children for all Colleges or stop to recover the issued $$s
#bobandbj22. May I state to recover more funds run checks on all aliens for back taxes to pay before being issued Visas.
By the time he done we won't recognize AMERICA
really? Because I have no doubt that we're plummeting into the 8th circle of hell & you're wearing the horns...
all ur going to do is undo what Obama did... But replace with nothing... Back where we stayed 8 yrs ago,no one was happy
#Obbreview  operation Backbone building coalition saving lives special forces and their families
Great job so far hope you can continue and make the world a better place
when was America ever great? Mass genocide, slavery, racism? It all still excists
America is already great.
Make America Better Than Ever
