speaking from your own countless experience with military affairs and missions? Leave it to people who have the experience.
He went on to say that Mattis called the mission a success.
would Mattie call it a failure? I think not. Remember Vietnam? "Be calm! All is well!" And it wasn't at all.
I have no reason to think Mattis would lie. Top generals testified this week Afghanistan is a draw.
top generals are now political and support agendas. Was true in the 1960s but more so now.
Well, sure, they always have. That and lying are two different things.
a grey area for sure. Remember Tet?
It was a military victory--essentially the end of the Vietcong--and a propaganda defeat.
When you feel the whole world is against you, which they probably are, just remember Matthew 6:43-45
Love you Mr Pesident @realDonaldTrump love Kimberly Laub on dvdjrosa's twitter
43 Ye have heard that it hath been said, love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy, 44 but I say unto you, love your enemies,  bless them that curse you,  do good to them that hate you,  and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you;
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's...
U are a cowardly draft dodger! U have no voice when it comes 2 Veteran's. U refuse 2 show American's ur tax returns bc you are a liar!
Bones.Spurs.
You draft dodging little daddy's boy! It's easy for you to point fingers when you dodged service to our country! #Hypocrit!
Perfect. Piss on McCain some more.
Criticising a senator for lying, now going after a prisoner of war again ("I like people who weren't captured"). Sad!
YOU should take your own advice, and stop tweeting like a manic fool! Plank in your own eye again! Go read your Bible

.@realDonaldTrump Your failure to plan killed a soldier. Words have meaning.
this man hasn't a clue to what he's doing. Sad!
spot on DJ
That was beyond fullish of Sen. McCain
mccain needs his head stepped on for caling the aussies/ and going to ukraine. he thinks hes president. wrongway mccain
quit crying. .
This is ridiculous @realDonaldTrump now attacking a celebrated war hero? gtfo twitter and get to work.
was not elected to do this crap. I was never a fan of yours, and will never be. Get to work!!
Oh, my. You are quite ornery this morning. Go back to sleep, pres. Only 4-5 hours of sleep can make you persnickety.
DAAAAANG CALM DOWN TWITTER FINGERS!!
getting closer.   Just another reminder an ellipsis is "..." but you're doing better than yesterday still you're a #Fake
nobody emboldens the enemy more than you. #Kleptocracy
how would you know about winnig youve lost at everything youve ever tried.
President is tweeting when he should be in his daily security briefing...... McCain didn't dodge the draft like you.
apparently you tuned in late as usual
impeach McCain, old gray goat ain't what he used to be!
I will say it..John McCain is a low life Jack Ass! He is anti Veteran and will only help you if you give to his cause.
Please show we the people, your employer, your record of military service before disparaging Senator McCain. Entitled pansy
and the president of the United States shouldn’t be shitposting on twitter
OK, but that was 15 minutes ago.  What's on FOX and Friends now?
Don somebody has to be honest with the American public since you won't
So it shall be written, so it shall be done
What, like you emboldened the enemy with your #MuslimBan? Hypocrite.
Trump just hear others! Not himself!
@SenJohnMcCain is telling our ENEMIES our Status of Readiness in open meetings, this is OUTRAGEOUS! SHUT THE HELL UP
I looked it up, not a single member of your entire family has ever served. McCain gets to say whatever he wants. Period.
ummmm. No. He doesn't get to say whatever he wants.
under the 1st Amendment, he quite literally does. Fool.
because of first amendment, not because of veteran status.
again, dumbass, where was that stated? When you're being addressed by your betters act like it.
Warren said what she wanted...You saw what we gave her!
Yes, if women could just learn their place Patrick , everything would be better , right?
the people agree he runs his mouth to much
I am a supporter of you. Please stop tweeting tweets like this. We need to come together.
honest question: did you really think he would change after he was elected?
See, this is our downfall.  You have an honest Trump supporter and now you're pointing fingers at her vs him.
How does that help?  I wish more people were honest and fair about how they feel about his behavior.
Right question is, Jennifer, at what point do you think you would draw the line and withdraw your support?
I support the Republican party and it's values. Stop bullying me
you thought that conversation was Bullying?  It was respectful and Charlie was defending you.  #Sad
emboldens the enemy!  Lol!
go fuck yourself you fucking dumpster fire!
Is Trump Really A Mad Or Just Acting?

Please Do Rt :(
I can't vote. There's no option D "He's a narcissistic sociopath."
@SenJohnMcCain watch this the real John exposed!
John Mccain Traitor- By Vietnam Vets And Pow's https://youtu.be/IMcYqtayU7c 
AMEN!
@JohnMcCain released his tax returns. You promised to release your tax returns but now refuse. Weak! Coward! Liar!
Please ask #McCain abt #USS FORESTAL.
.@realDonaldTrump Show some respect. Who is a hurt tootsie draft dodger to tell @SenJohnMcCain when or how to talk abt military operations?
sorry Mr trump you have deal with all these ham and eggers us true Americans stand by you drain that swamp
@Dollfinish It's time 4 #McCain 2 #Retire! #Fed up #American!
He is a rino what more do you expect
He voted thumbs down on health care to get back at Trump SORRY he has cancer but we need him to retire. Already brain dead.
What would u know about the military? Your experience was What? I remember "screwing your way thru the Vietnam war".
of this clown is a hero what about the guys he got captured with he's a daddy's boy mcain the chump
Exactly McCain must think before he speaks !!
.@realDonaldTrump You shouldn't be talking about any military personnel, since even your GI Joe toys didn't want to play with you
-he's missing his Legos 2. Better hurry Donny is having a meltdown#fakepresident#seetaxreturns#2russiawith
Yeah...because your Military experience is astounding..give me a break
You will never be as powerful or respected as Sen John McCain, a true leader who must truly threaten you.  Go Sen McCain!
As a retired Vet, I respect him for time served in the camp. But as a politician... he is worthless.  He is going senile and needs to retire
Things @JohnMcCain hasn’t done:

1. Declared bankruptcy. 
2. Sexual assaulted women.
3. Insulted Gold Star families.
+ treason with Putin +borrowed money from Putin +being a ridiculous ignorant
false news
What is false?
Accusations about his relationship with Putin, etc.  Most of the information ,false!
Totally wrong. Eg. we do have evidence of his purchase of Rosneft via a layer of shell companies
I got one for you, ObAma is not a natural born citizen! Fact!!!  Born in Africa not Hawaii!! Fact!!
Right...another ignorant Trump racist....
McCain is a traitor and so is Paul Ryan. Watch your back
pathetic.
you tell that shitbag mccain, i love it.    mr president
@LdeRothschild Mr. MaCain is very good known in Russian missions in Syria and in Ukraine
But then you have emboldened the enemy with your rash executive order to ban muslims, fuel for their propaganda!
Jesus Christ, Mr. "President," do you ever stop talking????
Have you considered your own words when responding to the JUDICIAL SYSTEM who ruled against you, prior to your new TWITFIT?
you're childish ranting emboldens the enemy. Oh I almost forgot, YOU ARE the enemy !
Why is it OK for you to speak so disrespectfully about a sitting senator and yet Elizabeth Warren is silenced?
Mr. President I am a female aviator. Senator McCain was an aviator. I respect all aviators.
president Trump that is
McCain was a hero and Trump was a coward when it mattered. No number of insults will change that.
McCain STILL doesn't know what side he's on.  Still singing like a bird.
Senator McCain needs to shut up all the time
Not everyone is going to be on board with your policies. The more you talk, the more you fuel the fire.
13 bankruptcies means you shouldn't be talking about success and failure
ugh hope they impeach you soon. completely unfit.
Mr trump .will make America Geat again. Hail Trump!
way to kill American soldiers. Lock him up.
@CarlHigbie this cluster of words and thoughts is indecipherable as anything other than nonsense..
completely agree.  He should keep his mouth shut!
@SenJohnMcCain is a war hero but that doesn't give him the right to sell out Arizona!!! He is supposed to be rep us!
thank you for all the successful missions you competed while in the services...Oh that's right. You "deferred".
Agree!
but it's OK for you to talk about national security issues in front of waiters at mar-a-lago?
u truly have NO conscience, @SenJohnMcCain is a war HERO,unlike u who came up with EVERY excuse to avoid serving ur country
Your insane rhetoric puts American lives at risk!
YOU embolden enemies & evil! @SenJohnMcCain why abet & roll over for this soft cheesy draft-dodging daddy's boy fake POTUS?
Donald you shouldn't be so disrespectful towards a man who has spent so much of his life in service to this country.
@SenJohnMcCain is talking to "the people" just like you with your incessant tweeting. Don't you have someone to vent to?
don't tell a war vet how to talk about our military.  Have some respect!
The media is not your enemy. They are there to keep you honest.
Hey @realDonaldTrump, ONLY one emboldening the enemy is YOU, with your failed missions, racist radical agenda & widespread bigotry!
you tweeted while you sent a Navy Seal to his death. Have enough respect to be in the room watching.
love u man
Nice touch, President Bone-Spurs. SHAME! Do you have to lie about EVERYTHING?
this coming from a fame junkie. Wow, Grow up and act like a president, not a toddler. You orange twit.
seems like you've been losing quite a bit yourself lately. McCain is a hero, you are a draft dodger.
Trumps are my favorite cartoon chars: pissy,illegally,twiggy,dopey,mopey....
stop tweeting
Maybe you should worry more about the innocents you are killing because of your lack of planning and lack of listening.
Mr. President Trump all the terrorists came out from the Muslim Brotherhood, terrorist
You aren't fit to lick John McCain's shoes, draft dodger!
McCain is worth a dozen of you.
You are so petty sir. You lower your position by these school girl tweets.
McCain needs to spend less time criticizing Trump and more time fixing the VA mess in his own state.
Yes, I think it's time for Sen. McCain to retire. He is part of the OLD establishment who are stuck in the past.
He's a real soldier and a POW that you insulted. What would a draft dodger like you know about it...nothing.
I am ashamed to be a citizen of the USA, because of YOU!
. @realDonaldTrump what the f*ck is wrong with you?
The headlines should read: "democrats use illegal wiretaps to steal election.   Still fail..."
Ouch!! Are those bone spurs acting up?
We get you don't like to be disrespected.But McCain is a soldier.Always will B.Military fams want to know U have compassion
They see U as the person who could call the life+death of someone they love.They fear their troops death.McCain is a troop
McCain the SONGBIRD?  The same McCain who ratted out his fellow Pow's? Yup, loser.
First off this was a Obama/Trump administrative operation. 2nd don't have families with terrorist.
3rd politicians are dumb
:POTUS is absolutely correct! Why divulge any comment about your military ops to media? Discuss these issues privately!
Well, seeing as he isnt a filthy draft dodger and was in the military gives him more credibility than you will ever have.
I emailed him and asked him to stay off the talk shows and become a unifier not a divider. Needs to do his job
time for you to get it that you r unqualified to be POTUS #giveitup
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
you are unreleavant so is America
on the contrary, @SenJohnMcCain just utterly nailed your utter paucity. #US #Trump #NotTheEnemy
he is just another example of a poor Senator. @SenJohnMcCain should of been put out to pasture years ago.
we support you!
you shouldn't be talking to us.
Stop putting quotations around single words. It's pointless bc "..." is used to avoid plagiarism. Can't plagiarize one word
most of you who are so easily offended were neutered or spade in last 8 yrs. So ballz are a new concept.
again, your losing everything. You'll be impeached pretty soon
you are right.
get a life!!!
like you have done in the past? I am concerned about your memory.
@SenatorMcCain Is a war hero. I'm proud of him for calling out your ridiculous tweets and ludicrous lies to Americans.
Seriously? Did you take your meds today? YOU work with Russia. Maybe you set a bad example.
#notpresidential
You've done more in 2 weeks to "embolden the enemy" than any one  else.
your gaslighting techniques will only get you so far. It's barely been a month and you're crashing and burning. Sad.
Trump is our enemy.Putin lover and lover
YOU HAVE PAINTED A TARGET ON AMERICA BECUASE OF YOUR RIDICULOUS POLITICS. ISIS use your Muslim ban as prop
While Senator McCain was serving our country, u were dodging the draft 4 times. McCain is a war hero. You have no standing
#Truth
who is McCain to talk, loser. I'm a winner. I grabbed hundreds of pussies and not in jail
What about you and the GOP doing nothing but maligning Obama for 8 years? Maybe YOU emboldened the enemy!!
I'm a vet I think McCain's a piece of s***
right on Mr. President.
Mr. President, keep up fighting for us.  God changes times and seasons; He deposes kings and raises up others. Daniel 2:21
They seem to forget this "mission" was started under obozo's watch, you only signed off on it because of the time frame
What war was it that you fought in again?
Some POW's called McCain a "Song Bird" and also said McCain was a liar, The 2 broke arms McCain  was from a fall
Sen. McCain IS the enemy!
Seriously @realDonaldTrump! You've been BLASTING about the weakness of our military and Russia's strength. Talk about REAL enemies! Sad!
If you can't talk about success or failure, how do you correct the many mistakes and be accountable for bad decisions?
You are our President he lost the election running for one. So he is upset seeing you doing good.
McCain is suffering from PTSD and should be put in the "home".
We who know appreciate your efforts to promote this new agenda rescuing our country...thank you. Dr.Robert L Tegenkamp
why don't you just try and do your job right? Stop fussing about shit and just try to do right by your country.
