I believe that I understand your concern.. But who is going to PROTECT us from YOU COMRADE TRUM
So when are you going to do something for the ppl of Puerto Rico?
@POTUS  --  all Americans, including those before European immigrants?
You’re still failing. Bigly!
another lie 
And screw it up in the process
As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. ...
Muslims Try to Pass SHARIA LAW in Alabama… But Citizens Say HELL NO! (WATCH)

Read more:
@SavageNation Do you support Alabama’s stand against Sharia? Please leave us a comment and tell us what you think
U mean your reach American friends?
Hello
Except for the health care part.
So you do know that Puerto Ricans are Americans? And residents of the USVI? Ask John Kelly for some lessons.
Thankful for a Great President Living in safety with President Trump 
STOP THIS CONSTENT LIES,only for some brain washed  nobody belive what u say after few thousand lies in one year!!
What a load of 
We knew you would! Thank You Mr President 
Uglyljiidi
Thank you, Mr. President.
We the People..!,5USC552-FOIA; Stop telling President Trump the Law & Expose Dirksen Fed. " Fraud Upon the Courts" @ACLU
We the People..!, @SenatorDurbin ,Deserve Transparency=Truth ! @SenDuckworth ,I'm a Vet.Marine @USMC Liberty & Justice is for all ! @ACLU
We the People..!,5USC552-FOIA,So how long elected Chicago politician's are you going to Cover this "Fraud Upon the Courts"legitimate copy?
 @POTUS https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/934539256940417024 … 5USC552-FOIA https://www.consumerfinance.gov/  @mbfinancialbank  @vo_dolton HCB, #046637LEGIT foia Check21,Act;Copy! @OrtizRafeal  @SenatorDurbin DNC, public waits you & your Aide 11-07-17 written 12-29-16 @POTUS44 Petition Reply!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
So?   We can coexist if we co-respect
@chillinginLV  tonight the muslims are ALLAH AKBARRING up in Canada!  Ban them. We don't need to be shot, to prove a point.
Someones using my name this is not my tweet!
@realDonaldTrump

@EmekaGift @Amaka_Ekwo Very simple, but, not for Americans only, but, for the Christians at large, especially Biafrans
I said the same thing
Unless its on a weekend after a hectic week. Please understand, its been crazy!
but go protest u fools
hello trump happy today

Does that REALLY mean everyone, then resignZj
For the 1st time in my life I can say " you are not my President" and I've been alive for a long time. You embarrass all of America
Trump said, "I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people."
Which lives?The programs your cutting will cost lives.
Very simple........except for some
Even Democrats
Lie!  

If true, you would not be trying to take away health insurance from 24 million Americans and increase the cost for everyone else.
Look at all the white people
You're lining your pockets it's that simple! #impeachtrump
Liar
Dude, what about protecting the planet we live on? #ParisAccord #ParisClimateDeal #Parisclimateaccord #ParisAgreement #ParisAgreement
Isn't protecting our climate protecting our lives? #TrumpLies #ImpeachTrump #impeach #trumpclimate #impeachDJT #impeach45
You mean the interest of yourself and your boyfriend Putin
Then why are you trying to kill us with TrumpRyanDeathCare?
You forgot Russia and the other cover ups
i am asian
Why are the Republicans still allowing the dem's to put Us the American Citizens lives in danger by illegal immigrants.
So you are proposing changes to gun laws? 
#TrumpPresident
@hankzsdv then support healthcare and make changes to current plan to make it more affordable and work better for All!
 if you cared about America you'd have left us alone long ago
Thankyou! Please make the healthcare so we can afford it like we do now but cheaper in an emergency!
@RefugeGroup 
glad I'm not American lol
@POTUS Remember this statement? WHY are you forcing #TrumpCare on American's...people will die & you are to blame. #SaveACA
You've go 3+ more years to line your pockets and then you're out.
You are going about it the WRONG WAY!  SAD!  TERRIBLE!
4m

金正恩様、トランプ大統領に会って話が出来ますか。今年は、南北統一をする時です。世界平和は、あなた様が、その平和のドアの鍵を持っていますから、是非とも、今年中に首脳会談を行ってください。6ケ国首脳会議を平壌で行いましょう。
AMEN.
Increase number of guns, bombs and soldiers -  the solution of a peaceful world? War or dialog?
-Who will win the race...?
"....as long as those lives are white and straight"
thank you sir!
but not at the expense of mind control. Cause that's how you control the masses of dummies that can't think for themselves
when fidel made cuba communist,he stop the media from talking n no news on tv. just lk you are doing
Now to figure out who's American.
我作为一个中国人很支持你哦
VERY TIME !!! VERY NICE !!!
All for strict immigration laws esp when it comes to Islamists!!
All Muslims are terrorists just like all Christians are in the KKK. Stop drinking DJT'S Kool-aid! He's a LIAR.
your staff that says let trump be trump, is simply trying to get you out of the way for their agenda. Ratings don't matter
True. Yet, instead of protecting us, you're the person putting our lives in jeopardy with irresponsible behavior.  @realDonaldTrump
well do if you can stop going on all these vacations you talked about OBAMA now look at you hypocrite #worseever45
Soup kitchen and pantries... I helped many , with volunteer time   So always save lives , in different ways
Please show all th awful pictures& video of what illegal invaders&ISIS r doing n EU etc so libs understand
.@realDonaldTrump @RefugeGroup And yet you don't. Everything you've done has ruined our society & put us in danger all for your own profit.
@POTUS Sir what you are doing for our country has truly inspired me to go into business for myself because I of you
@RefugeGroup as I pollute your water, take your healthcare, social security,Medicare,control your. Key rights,post racist +
By American people, do you mean just the wealthy, white, male, straight and Christian or all Americans.
with all the racism, lies, dividing America, calling mexican rapists, being rude to gay kids and banning gay marriage
keep up the good work, just stay focused on making America great, not just for me but for the world!
Way to Go!!
we definitely need the same from Russian President! 
Agreed!
who is going to protect us from you?
@RefugeGroup UTTER BULLSHIT BAN.  U didn't ban #Pakistan, #Egypt,  #SaudiArabia who have serious radical #terrorists.
can you protect us from yourself?
I sleep sounder at night knowing you were aware of the Flynn situation a month ago.
Thank you for doing everything in your power to keep us safe. If something happens we will blame the 9th circus. 
Yemen raid?
You are going to put the US into the biggest hole Obama had us going strong and you come and we are going back wards SEE
and it don't mater how many ppl you have to murder to achive that goal huh, Don???
clean up Flint! Stop the Dakota Access Pipeline!
put an agis cruiser in the South China Sea with SM3,s on board.  The USS John McCain would pass a message.
Mr President, thank you for all that you are doing. We are praying God's protection/strength over you/your family & America
Well you aren't doing well by taking away healthcare! Many people survive because of it lowering costs!
Keep calm and carry on
@KlOeHvb2bhtfybo les musulmans ne sont pas tous terroristes ,
People's President.

good then stop tweeting during intelligence briefing.
Thank You for looking out for us. I sleep better since the election. MAGA
lie, playing the servant, brainwashing, gaslighting, selective inattention, propaganda #PsychologicalManipulation
Like Chief Special Warfare Operator William Ryan Owens?
@POTUS But who will protect us from YOU???
then don't kill us by ignoring climate change. Spoiler alert: it's not a hoax invented by the Chinese. It's measurable.
while you strip away #votingrights, #healthcare, #plannedparenthood, #climatechange protection and ruin #education.
#Loser!
would this include all of the American people? Or jus the rich, white american people?
Fake News
so why don't you start by flint Michigan, Muslims, non-wealthy, dapl, immigrants, women, you can't do this so how Isis?? 
your duty to protect ivankas brands ivanka first
you are the biggest threat to security of the American people.
Thank you my dear, dear President!   You have the support, hope, and confidence of law-abiding citizens!
no you don't, you're just part of the trias politica
. You are not my prez so back off
--if you are truly concerned over our safety---resign! And let us have someone respected for this great office!
Protect ALL Americans, not just the ones that will do YOU some good.
Most Americans That voted didn't vote for you. You only care about what's in your pockets. We can stop you. #TrumpBoycott
no, it is to uphold and defend the constitution, you said it on 1/20/2017
Enforce better training tactics for "Quick to Kill a Civilian" policemen.  @realDonaldTrump
I will never refer to you as my president.
but not the Native Americans at the NDAPL?
please Reinstate the rights they stole from me for Federal funding Please u said we wouldn't be ignored There all I have
my husband is being tortured, are you protecting him?
you know....there's parts I'm gonna miss when you get impeached
So do it, you balloon animal.
and start by banning asbestos. Not for nothing is it banned in britain
DON DON OH HELL NO
U CARE BOUT U WE KNOW THAT'S SO
U & UR FAMILY SHOULD COUNT THE DAYS
U'LL BE AT TRUMP TOWER IN A HAZE.
"...of the *white* American people."
Go President Trump
then stop the DAPL and work towards green energy
Illegitimate
You're a true hero
You mean like affordable health care?
So resign - that would help.
@POTUS then stop lying abt media not covering #terrorism! U can't read but try 2 sound out big wds?
Good. Resign.
@TrumpBsoCool Uh, no. Primary duty is to uphold The Constitution. Do that properly and the rest will fall into place.
you're a joke.
I am an Ameican. Your statement referred to me. I don't think my life or future or children are protected.
Why are you forcing women to have babies they can't support? Did you know you're raising crime by doing so?
quit having sex if you can't handle the out come 
Why are you creating an environment where my children can't survive?
Then why are you trying to start  WWIII?
@POTUS That includes those with green cards and current citizens, yet they were included in the original ban
Is that why you want to let people with mental illness have guns?  Or is that just another"alternative fact"?
well you already failed on this one didn't you?
when are you going to start doing this besides just signing things without reading them!!
so do it. Stop playing games. Get your head out of the clouds. Or have you done to much blow for that?
you need to start reading more, tweeting less.
You're assuming he's literate. I'm not convinced.
very veryinsecure
You guys need to get your act straight. Before you click the tweet there are 2 photos - The WH and OBAMA! Haha!!!!
Yet you're failing at just that. WEAK!
urr geyy. Kill urselfff
@RefugeGroup Why did you kill the heroic Navy Seal Ryan Owens, & the 8 year old American girl? That is on your head, Donald
Then please stop provoking people in other countries.
but u didn't protect the American ppl when your country called during the Vietnam War
from I hope you please protect me from you build that wall around the golden tower please
fake news
then stop banning then from returning
