Congrats @WattersWorld w/ @jessebwatters 
Topped Sunday Night prime time cable news with 1.6M viewers 
DYNOMITE!

…
Part of Jesse's success is due to Fox turning into CNN. Jesse, Tucker, and Hannity are the only 3 hours worth watching.
Also @FOX&FRIENDS in the AM
Sorry Mags, if you watch Faux news, your opinions are given to you. No offense
Sorry your stuck on the 5 Jessie....your the only one on the panel anyone likes....
I like Gregg and Kimberly. Last night was a JOKE. Talk abt uncomfortable. Jesse is learning tho...
Kimberly definitely turned...not sure why and Greg is mostly good but has his moments....Jessie never disappoints
If they keep it up like last night I will tune out too! Thank GOD Hannity didn't sell out... 
Agreed....I'll still watch Waters World and Judge Jenine but sorry Jessie...the 5 is out now
I nearly FAINTED when she gave a read to Charles Krauthammer last night. Nearly fell off the couch! 
He was always a never Trumper anyway
Way to go @jessebwatters for standing up for truth! 

Get ur head out of your TOILET. And the gutter. She DOES have a deep sexy voice.
 "She persisted...WE resisted." 
Totally innocent I'm sure, tell that to the 3 female colleagues who got dick pics from him, a CLASS ACT!
Eat some pasture raised no hormones MEAT. Your brain DOESNT work well without it. You're NOT a deer! Smdh...
Oh I get it, I'm a vegetarian so a redneck perceives that as a negative, WOW must be a small world you live in 
They talk a lot about their systems,embarrassing to eat out with because of special requests and lengthy demands.Bore you all night w crap
They'd be better off not eating the GARBAGE processed foods and sugar! You kno ur stuff Lady! 
Juan has got to go!  He'll ruin your show!!
You both are the worst
Haven't watch since they fire Bill
Where was Coulter?
Do you represent all of the people or just the white supremacists.

Jesse Watters Rocks - Congrats man, you are coming into your own, keep up the good work ! Bob K.
We Love ya buddy keep it going! Just keep the collar down for now. LOL
Jesse Watters is a malignant narcissist, racist, and remorseless liar. He's also a lousy excuse for a journalist.  #GFY Jessie, you traitor.
Jessie is not a journalist. Even @FoxNews would admit that. He is a lightweight who pales compared to the other 4 on the five.

My daughter is 10. She yells at the tv regarding waters world. Walks away  mumbling what a bunch of dip wads.
Great show. Among Hannity..Dobbs..Varney..and all on Fox AM. Plus Fox Bus. My go to when those dem guests come on.
Formally recognize AntiFa as a terrorist organization http://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/forma …
you are laughable. Shouting over others does not prove a point. I tune in occasionally just to see how ridiculous you are.

You must be kidding.  I won't watch to alt-right propaganda channel.  Lose the opinion, get some real news and I might come back.
Good work @jessebwatters Love your show One of the very few shows left on FOX worth watching
So Proud of you Jesse!! Well Deserved!! 
This guy says he is no racist that's why he can't see racism...Sorry but u are who you r..No Igga better live better than u...I know you
One of only a handful of shows I will still watch on @FoxNews. #SpecialReport, #FNS? No way!
Jesse Watters, you have chosen the dark side...for what reason? To be retweeted by the man Nazis chant for just as they chant for Hitler?
You are so way off dude. You must be a millinial!
Wow, Juan won't even let you speak. Dana's head is down ! You keep getting the truth out Jesse!  BTW @POTUS did the right thing today.

You are a goof.
You are welcome. :) Thanks for a great show.

Good times with Jimmie JJ Walker! 
Infomercials get better ratings than that you dope
Is this one of the actors you pulled from Craigslist?

The peaceful permitted protesters were attacked by outsiders. Trump was trying to stick up for the peaceful underdogs in all this fiasco.
Congratulations! 

You were great last night.. had @TheJuanWilliams in a meltdown! 

Looking forward to the next round!

#MAGA
He enjoys his white privilege to say what he wants to Juan Williams, he knows Trump is a racist,why can't he be like his idol Trump
Really stretching it aren't you Burgh? But you did get in white privilege, Trump and racist. Feel better now? Fueled your own hate for today
You have me confused with the bigotry spewing Trump,Clock is ticking for him,Hopefully Mueller shoves a hot poker up his pathetic ass.luv ya
ILLITERATE!
Now there's some FAKE news...
Jesse Watters sez: "Thanks for watching my bullsh!t show! Lots of dimwits out there!"
If it wasn't 4 You I wouldn't even watch The Five  Juan is so far left it's hard to watch an  I really wonder about Dana but I can take her
Congratulations Jesse on no longer molesting children!
Love your show man.
You rock!!! Keep giving Juan hell. Great show tonight!
Get rid of Juan Williams.   He is useless and annoying.
Amen to that!
To bad you gave up your gig on the street, the 5 is not your thing
Jesse your doing a great job. Congrats to you .
JESSE, LOVE U, BUT NOT 4 DACA. U.S. KIDS KILLED WITH COLLEGE DEBT & U WANT DREAMERS 2 GET FREE PASS TO CITIZENSHIP. COLLEGE PAID 4 BY US?
We don't.
RT @jessebwatters: Thanks for watching!! https://twitter.com/fnc_ladies_rule/status/897485607760474112 …...
way to go Jesse
Jesse Saturday night D announcer
 before your show 
called it waters world
just so you should know bro
Lies and propaganda.
It was a great show Jesse- so great to hear real news- u r always on the side of truth! Thanks!

Great job Jesse- and I thought Perino was smarter than to challenge you on live tv. A little disappointed in her !

Congrats buddy glad 4 U! Great points made last nite @TheFive too! Glad I got chance 2 CU in OMA past Dec. #KeepOn
We LOVE YOU  - all ages love you
I hear all these liberals talking about alt right chanting to POTUS. How quickly they forget about people actually praying to Obama
Believe me Donny. YOU have MUCH more pressing things to do than this!
Look at your face. You know it was wrong.
This is too perfect. I mean, there's no way for SNL to parody this. https://twitter.com/jackdwagner/status/897598398492278785 …

My husband & kids are Jewish. After #Trump defended #Nazis, *NO SOUP FOR YOU* until @Campbells QUITS his Manufacturing Council

…
#StateRunTelevision #Propaganda #FakeNews
This is sick coming from a sitting president.
Take over Tucker's spot.
Any college freshman could .
Jesse Waters. Great shows ! Maybe let Barbie talk more. But you are a breath of fresh air. Don't forget " Pride goes before the fall "


@realDonaldTrump @FNC_Ladies_Rule @WattersWorld The absurdity of what you say makes me lol. Stupid always cracks me up.
Change happens.
last call fools & your money is 20 trillion gone with an open border  race riots over 100 year old statues
now that is some Politicking #101
#realDonaldTrump #potus45 will not recover from #NazisInTheWhiteHouse. #TikiTorches parade too reminiscent of #KristallNacht. 

NEVER AGAIN.
Love Jesse!! Great Job!!
Jesse, enjoy listening to you. Keep on not taking any crap from the libs. They have no answers for your facts.
You have a balanced perspective and I really enjoy watching you defend that perspective. Thank you for your service to our country!
You want to talk ratings, DT?  Yours are going down like an elevator to the basement.
Love @jessebwatters can't stand The Specialist or The 5
This show sucks so does trump
Keep at it and give us the real news. We feel you stand up for the "real people".
Jesse! You are my hero on Fox 
I http://also.like  Gutfield but you give them all hell! Thank you for your fighting spirit
Tyrese & Tucker too.
I wish you would have served with me. The best part of that story would be that would be that you may not have made it home. Have a nice day
Only 1 of 3 shows worth watching on the failing weekend coverage of @foxnews
People love to watch car crashes.
There goes that dog whistle again with a photo of JJ. Are u whistling that Afr Americans were watching Fox...STOP dreaming
Jesse 1.  Juan 0.  Dana 00000. Go Jesse.   Great job and keep up the good work!!!!
R U kidding me? U gulped after not a racist declaration & saw the upcoming segments on Rice & Waters & SS with a black man. U r racist. SAD

Her mom adores me.  Thats a special woman,that mom.
Go Jesse, Go Jesse,  Being in number one is better than being in number two. 

Fake
Stephen Bannon, Stephen Miller, Seb Gorka must go.
Their ongoing presence on the Whitehouse staff is Trump's active assault on US ethics.
Just another thing that shows how many pathetic people think that watching that pig is an OK thing to do. Slime on Sunday PM.
Let's see... so 321.5 M of the 323.1 M Pop did not watch
Yes I watched.  In horror.
Hey Jesse aren't you the media!? Do you like what you see in the mirror? You have no conscience
Probably watching for all the wrong reasons!
Really? You retweet this idiot? Jimmy Walker? Washed up has been... just like you
Jesse's so Cool & his show is so Hot. Thanks Jesse

Failing fox News is fake news

@FCC Thats one night out of seven. Watters another mouth piece for 45. Not a news show but an opinion show. Know the difference
Never watch. Never will.
Great show. That's for real news.
lol
Would be better off tweeting the POTUS. Way more than 1.6 M

Nothing to see here just #BlackLivesMatter screaming "I hope they kill all the white babies! Kill all your grandkids"
#ImpeachTrump
Anyone who considers Fox an actual news network deserves the fiction they hear.
I won't miss you on the 5 are Saturday Waters World
This is sick! We have a Nazi potus, retweeting a fake FOX newscaster, trump, do to EVER work? You must be #Impeached
Exactly. Grifter Don must go! #orangemenace
I really enjoy your program and you get better each time I see you!

Jesse do you think you could talk to the Fox News producers about getting a better picture of our White House when they are talking about it
Great job, Jesse!  Your calm demeanor and good humor are so welcome. You bring sense and sanity to the discussion. Bet your Mom is proud!
Delusional Donnie & faux news, fake prez, fake propaganda, reality tv for the illiterati, not news. . . .most corrupt lying prez in history!

The epitome of stupid!
You are a joke
Seriously, have Ivanka go out and buy you a TV that gets more than one channel

And your diet looks like menu at Old Country Buffet

SAD!
Hogwash. Fake News.  Bullshit.
The only fake news President Shit for Brains watches. Racist, white broadcaster.
Dynamite*
Like jesse! Also like judge Janine, Hannity and gutfeld. That's all i watch on Fox news now.
I guess @maddow doesn't work weekends.

Love watching you! You're so funny too!
LOL didn't watch. Propoganda, while interesting in a historical sense, is detrimental to our country while a #traitor is in the @Whitehouse
Over or under how many times trump puppet @jessebwatters mentions Obama tonight... I say 8 .. @TheFive @FoxNews
Jesse, thanks for your integrity and support of AMERICA during this mess.  Great stories to reflect on in 20 years
Trump just retweeted this? Watters was suspended from Fox because he commented about Ivanka holding a microphone sexually. Great father!
Smarmy puke. Youll be gone soon enough.
Jesse, you are the best. Love watching you.
JJ was awesome

Go Jesse! You are an inspiration for those entering journalism. Be truthful and don't lose your integrity by the spotlight. #AmericaFirst
stop watching TV and get your orange behind moving and actually do something for the country
Best guy on Fox
@realDonaldTrump love you JJ!!
Thanks for the worst president ever, Jesse. Wake up.
The Trump Network. How much is he paying you guys?
Enemy of the people. Hope your soul is worth the $. Your "act" is a joke and ignorant.
Sunday night the other channels do infomercials
@maddow  Rachel is right up there ahead of Hannity!  Thats amazing!
.@POTUS should not be spending time retweeting TV ratings from the State News Network.
 @jessebwatters! Refreshing to watch a rational thinker! People, #Stopthehate  #Stopthenonscence #takeaccountability! Help #MAGA #MASA!
#HeatherHeyer #SayHerName
Another tweet meltdown weeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Your welcome. Keep telling it like it is, stay in Juan's ridiculous face, and keep preaching the Truth especially about fool, failure obama!
#ImpeachTrump
Why did you RT this? Dumb.
Is this retweet storm cuz Trump was served w/ subpoenas?Is this Y he's extra grumpy & sympathized w/ #Nazis & the #AltReich ~asking for #USA
Jesse, love watching you on your show and the Five! Thanks for standing up to Juan, I would have a hard time putting up with his lib agenda!
Fake news
Are you seriously re tweeting this? Don't you have better things to do like actually make the infrastructure plan you talk about? #impeachDT
I don't care how shiny his face is Jimmie Walker still looks like ashy knuckles!
Disgusting
