Why does the US Gov't support this evil?
Saudi-led coalition has bombed civilian areas incl. markets, schools & hospitals killing thousands. #StopArmingSaudi https://www.hrw.org/StopArmingSaudi  
Dude that was Obama who was arming places like Saudi, Trump is trying his best to stop this kind of stuff. I'm sorry for your loss btw :c
Lock up Gump
Lock up Gump
Lock up Gump
Lock up Gump
1963 would be very proud of you! #Cuba
Trump would also bring back Polio if he found out Obama was responsible for getting rid of it.
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 3 Days, 18 Hours, 27 Minutes, and 39 Seconds
That's wrong,  it is actually 7 years and the rest when our president is re-elected
You look so cute at your teeny tiny desk. When will you be testifying under oath?
We don't need your negative comments, show some respect, he IS your president!
He was born in Kenya.  Have you ever looked at Obama's bio in the Harvard annual?
First, doesn't matter if he were, he's still a naturalized citizen. 2nd, it's moronic to think somehow Hawaii's records were tampered with
Third, I doubt you even have a clue what you're talking about re Harvard. It might use words too advanced for you.
I went to MIT . I'm sure right. 
Isaiah 41:13
For I, the #Lord your #God, will hold your right hand, Saying to you, ‘Fear not, I will #help you.’
The day you are forced to resign owing to your treason will be a glorious day for America. In the meantime, keep tweeting.
This man, Trump, is by far the stupidest man ro come out of New York City since before the Lenape were the proprietarors. He has no dignity.

We love you Mr President

󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦

Hope you had your biggly bold-style sharpie to sign your name.
You know those big chubby markers are good with little hands!
*for "little hands" 
Philemon 1:25
The #grace of our #Lord #JesusChrist be with your #spirit. #Amen.
Dude has parties for signing memos. How many laws has he signed?? Democrats obstructionists? Nope. GOP controls all 3 branches of govt
Why am I so scared of brown people? #imorange
National security will be best served by your imprisonment in Danbury
I am SO FKN DISTRACTED from our so-called president's stupid repugnant tweets "official stmts?" that I can't concentrate on ANY GOOD he does
How can any sane citizen of this country look that man straight in the face and say "You're doing a great job!" He simply is NOT!
TWITTER Petition:  Shut down site between 5 AM and 7 AM.
Anyone willing to sign this petition?
Really great act, well done, Mr. President!

That's a good 1
AMERICA WILL BE STRONG AGAIN!!
No it won't. The whole world is laughing at you.
Yes We Are! 
You're not the world you snowflake.
Snowflake  An insult*used by folk not used to having more than one thought in their mind.Faced with irrefutable evidence,they shout Na Na Na
Right. Haha ha ha ha ha ha ha.  Libturd is more appropriate for you.
Donald go get some rest
Don't start politicising things Ronnie, I admire you as a player but if you start down this road you'll lose respect.
I think he is under the thumb by his other half who is a staunch vocal labour supporter especially corbyn. Ronnie is from tory chigwell
How is Cuba a national security threat? Are they revealing classified info to Russia?
He just wants to undo everything that is associated with Obama. Kills him that a black man is more loved than he'll ever be.
Ha,ha,ha, that is hilarious. What a stupid comment.
It might read that way to the ignorant. But that's your malfunction... I'm not here to fix you.
Your doing your job MR. President .. thank you
We are coming johnny! Get while the getting is good, no stay I want to see the destruction of the trump empire!
Please resign. This is the worst reality show ever!
Go President Trump
My god, you're such an embarrassment.
Trump is the greatest president of the modern era.

As the only Cuban born Republican Mayor in NJ, I love your new Cuba Policy!!!!
You embrace Saudi and push away Cuba? Sad!
You need to research what he did. He pushed away the Cuban government and doing for the people!!!!
What are you talking about?!

Also, how does whatever you’re claiming defeat that @realDonaldTrump openly favours murderous dictators?

Resign
Libtard
Snowflake 
Isn't it hilarious who have proven to be the snowflakes??? Priceless.
Honestly  I used their insult on them and now they have nothing to say back
See that bugs me. you two are a joke.
Of course it bugs you 
Na don't tell me.. I don't care.
I'm confused. You are concerned about human rights in Cuba, but not in Saudi Arabia? That makes no sense. 
Oh, wait. You don't have personal business in Cuba yet unlike in Saudi Arabia. Are they throwing guys off of buildings in Cuba, too?

Oh, the irony of that tweet.
When exactly will we see you in court, Donald?
@VP Do you also do other things than applaud the Donald while setting his signature?
How much dic did you take atThe New York Military Academy tomakeyou hate women so much?2 much rum sodomy and the lash?
Hello Darkness, my old friend
Ive come to be with you again.
"Fools" said I
"You do not know, silence like a cancer grows"
The words in this song really ring true to what we've witnessed this year
Oh yeah...
Deflect deflect deflect
Guess with Approval ratings of only 35%,  He feels he gotta keep his ever shrinking base.  SAD & PATHETIC
News flash. It's 50% as of today.
Democrats seem to think it was reliable during the election?? The hate is getting old & Evan your party asked for it to stop. Listen!
"National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba"
"National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba" Memorandum… htt...
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
What b/s! This isn't a 'bill' signing. This is a photo op. All showmanship, & nothing gets done. AKA "all fart, no shit". Delinquent Donald!
"I rather tell thee what is to be fear'd
Than what I fear; for always I am Caesar.
Come on my right hand, for this ear is deaf," #Resist
Yeah, CUBA'S the problem. SMH
#MAGA The American people support you and your efforts to drain the Washington swamp, Mr. President- despite #TheResistance from Dems!
64% disapproval rating IS NOT support. He's making it worse and you're on the wrong side of history.
They said his ratings were low, and he would "Never" win the election. Hmm... the silent?

Oh makes sense MSNBC.
By reimposing fifty-year-old sanctions? You're really dumb
Congrat... goes out to you President Trump.....sir 
All these people who follow Trump around... do they like have a job that they actually engage in? Or is it just an ENTITLEMENT?
As our founding fathers had the courage to make things right for the American people, so does President Donald Trump. He owes no favors.
I disagree. Its just make things even worser.
What the truck does that mean?
Wait...I'm not sure-  is this a memorandum?  It's not clear if it's a memorandum, or a memorandum.  Please send a new memorandum clarifying.
I'm sure Lying Ted Cruz & Little Marco are so pleased. You appear to be a more  ruthless dictator than Fidel Castro, but you'll be indicted
Great job !
Trump would also bring back Polio if he found out Obama was responsible for getting rid of it.
He doesn't know what he's doing must less. Understand it!!!
That says 'memorandum' too often
Signing people's rights away with the stroke of his pen, or wait maybe it's a pencil? Yup it's a pencil so he can erase his name.
Liar. Tell the truth to the Cuban Americans. You r doing little or nothing to change our policy towards Cuba
You wrote memorandum twice. Don't worry. It is normal for people of your age.
Guess Cuba did not give any $ to @IvankaTrump alleged charity
Wow a new NSPMStPotUSTC. Someone hand me Cuban celebration cigar.
President Trump is like the "Rocky Balboa" President. Hit after hit he keeps coming back to win. Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump
A memo, good job on making a show out of absolutely nothing. Your memo accomplishes nothing, which mirrors your presidency perfectly.
I am sure you going to build an hotel there so what you just sign will benefit you
Hurting the Cuban people just to spite @BarackObama  #LoserPresidentTrump
These people really do not like you.
But 50 yrs of isolationist, hard-line sanctions never produced the ouster of Cuba’s Communist regime that antiCastro activists  hoped for.
Look up stupid and your picture  is there!
These BS signing ceremonies?, like you are God or something, this is complete crap and a function of your egomania and need for praise
National Security Presudential memorandum on how to DESTROY America w a few pen strokes pathetic! #impeachthisidiot #KeepAmericaGreat
How do you get ties to a foreign nation from international relations ? Ekaterinburg Judo Grand Slam
Dumb Donald meant to say the 'Strengthening of Oppression' toward a smaller, much weaker island nation.  Typical republican mantra.  SAD!
Wow a new low for you...
64% disapproval rating 
Join me Facebook Harry Rand

Mistake....60 years of isolation just made it worse....do some reading, be pragmatic, learn how to lead
Remember what happened to the first Nazi.
What's your position A.H., cause you're all over the place! First, you say your not going to tell other countries how to govern
BRAVO  BRAVISSIMO 
EXCELLENT JOB WELL DONE 
MR PRESIDENT 
DONALD J. TRUMP VIVA
 FELICITACIONES  
Sir why you are so jealous to all the good work Obama did
Grudge is a sin you know
To resist our president is to resist America.  Why fight against ourselves? God bless you Pres Trump! We the people are one
that I calling history moment
We're not having issues with Cuba!  You're ruining great relationships with our allies. You're insane! Leave Obamas policies alone!
Another signing ceremony for a memo?
#FakeFacts #Impeach45 #IncompetentPOTUS
Businesses everywhere are going WTF?
I see two people who aren't smiling!
I love My President 
trump playing with his crayons yet again. How many people is this going to hurt this time?
this is great for canadians! cuba won't be ruined :D
Thank you Mr. President for your sacrifices. I'm sorry there are so many ungratful idiots in your/our country. Keep up the good fight.
Why are you strengthening the policy? I mean it's not like you didn't need to after all you were willing to work with them when it benefited
傻透了，哈哈哈
Saying "Memorandum" twice doesn't make it better.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/cuba-trump-relations_us_59447802e4b06bb7d2734eed?utm_hp_ref=donald-trump …
Essentially another nothing burger from Trump.
Just like how you united around our 2x POPULARLY elected POTUS who WASN'T a treasonousPutinpuppet international JOKE #ImpeachThenImprison
International joke? I see you really are a comedian.
You don't know what any of that means.
Thank you, Mr. President.  We have your back!
send college kids for Bernie to Cuba for a month let them see first hand how Communism works.  Good school project.  They have no idea!
National security threat from #Cuba? Are you nuts, Donald? Oh, wait, I forgot, you are indeed nuts. #CrazyTrump #DonTrumpolini
Another great step backwards. You are living in the dark ages, and taking humanity with you.
Another backward step  congratulations America. You must be so proud.
Knee jerk reaction...if Obama made it so, you'll try to undo it, junkyard cur trying to pee over all the pee marks on the Constitution
boycott #cubans in #america
they are evil ppl
look at the best of them
#cruz/#rubio
Great
YOU CANNOT FORCE ANOTHER COUNTRY TO DO YOUR BIDDING BY THREATS AND INNUENDO. YOU HAVE TO GUIDE THEM.
BUNCH OF ASSHOLES.
Hilarious - a little school desk!!!! Perfect for u little Donnie who belongs back in the 4th grade!!!
Bahahahaha...everytime i see this guy at that tiny desk...bahahaha....they all clap like he is a child learning to write his name..bahahaha
Thank you Mr.President!! It's takes a true leader to recognize our Cuban friends &  what their ancestors had suffered under the Regime!
The photo op of a pimp surrounded by his stable never gets less amusing
Viado
Great move, sir & thanks! Cuban regime defaults on payments due companies that do business w/ them.
My 5 year-old granddaughter can sign her name. 
And she'd make a better President.
We had a good policy. You ruined it.
Ride on, world leader.
Lie....You are taking Cuban policy back 50 years. Majority of Cubans disagree with your policy.
A picture of you signing something doesn't mean you're doing your job. #WorstPresidentEver
Cuba is a civil rights violator but Saudia Arabia and Russia are you bestest friends?  Hypocrite.
Your right again.
Mr. America (making America Great again) Please don't walk right by a Marine saluting you .
Does he know what he's really signing or he's just doing so to undermine his predecessor's achievement coz he seems to be doing so lately.
Keep doing what you are doing Mr. President. Thank you!
"Now when I write my name everyone clap!"
You are the best
These signing pictures of you remind me of every kindergarten student's "aftermath of best day ever" daydream scenario.
Big mistake, Donnie.
Another "Memo".. look i can spell my name... Drumpf

Marco "Ashole "Rubio do not represent the Cuban people nor what they want which is to stop the nonsense and have normal relations with US
It's a "scandal" how bad you are at being president
Don't build the wall 
"Policy on persecuting the people of Cuba" would be more accurate, #DouchebagDonnie strikes again!
The President enjoyed himself and his comments as to the solutions to the problems we are facing showed common sense and logic.
You want to NANNY Americans, control/censor them, WRT Cuba, but you didn't stop poor DEAD Otto or Dennis Rodman from going to see Lil Kim.
Do you actually know what you are signing, or do you just take photos of the process?
#brownnosing much
To all you trump haters get a life best president since regan
Sad your only real agenda is to try to destroy the Obama legacy. Your uncontrollable narcissism & petulance will be your undoing.
B honest ur doing it bcuz Obama changed policy. How jealous are u that a black man is better&smarter than u?
Another ass kissing fest to weaken what was already in place.
Russian and Chinese authorities;  Explained that they were considering the applicant's application 2.
"National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba"
Memorandumhttp://45.wh.gov/of9ceK 
