
Did they have to cancel playing at the grand opening of a Winn-Dixie to be there?
and I believe these is African American kids in that band nice Tony nice #moron
Alabama loves you!
Proud of our Talladega Tornadoes!
Crony capitalism and corporate socialism, as practiced by Donald Trump, hurt us all.
 @realDonaldTrump
 
The Ignorant are Ignorant of their Ignorance
Alabama came 2nd too didnt they ?
way to go! Making Alabama proud!
coincidence that it's going to rain Friday. The environment will be crying.
Twinkle twinkle little czar, Putin put you where you are. #LiarInChief #Trump #usa
Did you get a corn dog, funnel cake, and cotton candy at the State Fair before the concert?
fake news no wonder Donald Trump is failing
somebody played for you? There goes their reputation.
If the fake news is writing stories about fake news are they really fake news? #askingforafriend
yes fake is fake
They are a great band, gave the lead singer five stars for getting me over safe in the Uber.
Really?
Yep! FIVE STARS!  He had bottles of water and everything. Clean car too, a Prius surprisingly.
ROLL TIDE
Well, shit! Looks like I'll have to burn all my Alabama CDs. Nah, just fucking with you, don't own any!
evident by tweets to you. The DNC is employing lots of people. Stay strong.
37% hotshot 37% .
Not a lot of bubble people in Nashville
awsome!!
they,saw the light!
Save Cummins Stop the EPA!!
.@realDonaldTrump @TheAlabamaBand BREAKING NEWS: 147 nations sever relations w/U.S. over irreconcilable differences.
Just a general tip on lying: if you're gonna do it, be sure it's not abt something verifiable. Like your GM tweet this AM. @realDonaldTrump
haters always hate 1.2 million jobs and he has not taken office yet
1.2 million?!  Bwhahahahahahahha!  Ummmm... no. Liar.
actually that is factually correct, give or take a few thousand, nevertheless right direction
Wrong. It's ridiculous.  He takes credit for jobs that he had NOTHING to do with.  Get real.
wrong CEOs of corporations specifically expressed Donald Trump economic plan brought jobs back
Bull. That's what Trump said; most of CEOs did not change plans.Trump outright LIED about Carrier!
Obama lied about carrier said it never happen done deal he was wrong they are staying go Trump
Please Mr trump. Please help spouses of permanently disabled vets get better dental access. She took care of before Iraq to this day! Thanks
Its too late Stephen, all the MILLIONS were spent WASTED on his Inaugeration!!!! Watch out USA!!!!
Every day that goes by w/o tax returns, your message gets clearer.
Great Band!! Alabama loves You,President Trump.
牛批
jimmy Kimmel is bashing you tonight pull his plug !
What a big waste of money, could have fed a lot of starving people with that kind of cash.
#AllegedPresident
That's my his new nickname... sooo much. "Alleged" stuff happening. Trump is our soon to be #AllegedPresident
yeah nice name lady. Get over it. Did you see any rep. Crying when Obama was voted in? Stop crying.
Had the highest rating of any president just going into office than any in many years! Tell you ANYTHING??
DUH!!!  They cant count!!!
You are going to change the world for the best . I know .
Are you kidding marion????  Hes going to have the Whole World Mad at each Other!!!  He doesnt KNOW HOW TO TALK CIVILLY TO ANY COUNTRY!!!  GEESH!!
Can you make it so my wife can get dental as a 100% disabled. We can't afford it on the side. She's been with me since I got injured in war!
hey Mr trump please stop Michelle Obama's mom from receiving our tax payers money for life .not cool at all
TRANSLATION: "I do have friends! I do have friends! I swear I have friends!"
--Actually we just needed the publicity
Boycott Alabama!
I hope you do boycott Alabama. Don't need haters in our great state  of Alabama!  I'm sure Alabama Band won't miss you either
you must have the wrong person, I have never commented in Alabama
Great, one more thing we need to apologize to the world for. This is not representative of our music, world
we already apologized to the world for Obama, Alabama's great music no need to apologize.
IJS even the Iowa State Fair considers them to be a step BELOW Nickelback. 
and nearly dead
bing bong


You know what? Just shut up. Grow up and say something nice for once. Whether you like it or not he's your 45th President you spoiled brat
These are the exact comments people are demanding of trump
1) The 8 years of how u people behaved against obama, shhh, 

2) hypocrisy is a sin
Yes I should say so, the eight years how you all treated George Bush.
I didn't treat bush in any regard.  You make really stupid comments
Trump represents everything that I teach my students not to be, rude, disrespectful to women and bullies.
Hopefully you will be fired.
so Jody, you want your children to be rude and bullies??
.@realDonaldTrump @TheAlabamaBand Stop Tweeting and do Presidential Things!
好
Alabama? It's this the 80's? Lmao
Great music never dies.
Mr. #Trump: Your fear of rejection is dangerous for world leader. Please get counseling to overcome
; You really think even if he were willing at his age w/probably many other issues going on this would ever happen?
He spends exorbitantly amount of MILLIONS$$$  for his dam inaugeration and then makes cutbacks to Students!!!! What an ASS!!!
bing bong
You act as if you like or respect ambassadors, yet you had them fired. Are you insane?
is there anything "real" about you???
Yes there is he's real nasty
You just ruined their career.
not hardly Alabama has nothing to fear from you snowflakes.
Not me. The PeeOTUS.
um no cupcake. Alabama fans will still be Alabama fans. They are true Americans
I like Alabama. I didn't realize it was a citizenship requirement.
you claimed their career was over cause they played for Trump.
So just to see if I understand you, it is not possible in your brain to like Alabama, and dislike Trump.
FYI following him adds to his popularity so thanks again. Look how many followers he has.
dwwwwwvyj
Pray before you decide things. God bless you and America.
Hope you calm down & start to think nicely of ALL Americans. It's stupid & ignorant to criticize everyone. Be a mensch!
While the Democrats that are skipping the ceremonies are all being discredited from being considered capable leaders.
let them skip . I want Hillary not to go too. Since she's another sore loser soros puppet @realDonaldTrump
I wish she weren't but her motives are in question.  Is it honor or is it limelight?
she helping w these riots by association to soros . Don't hear her Condem or say stop
y dont you stop following #trump. Do us all a favor
Can't he's going to be acting as President.
God is with Mr. TRUMP!
This is my first tweet Mr. president all of america should follow this fine folks !!!
heck of a group/band -- saw them live years and years ago and have never forgotten it!!

who are they?
Alabama - Feels So Right https://youtu.be/J2Q0gHA9vXY  via @YouTube
Didn't vote for you but I do wish for you a great  prespresidency. Make all us Americans proud!
alabamaband? Why no Julianassangabamaband?
Why don't you go live in Alabama!
.@realDonaldTrump The positive thing about not having a lot of performers at the inauguration, less thank you tweets you have to type out.
It's so cute when your staff writes for you to make you sound more human and such. Cute, but obvious. Nice try.
DO NOT LET THOSE JACKALS REPEAL  OBAMA CARE WITH OUT IMMEDIATE REPLACEMENT. THEY HAVE HAD 6 YEARS TO FIGURE
Wow the Alabama band.. you hit the big time.. HOW DID YOU SNAG Tony Orlando. Did the senior home cancel their dinner show
Hello
Roll tide  CLC Alabama Foam Finger
No matter how stupid some of these ppl sound it was FANTASTIC!

President Trump. Know that there are so many of us out here standing with you. We are believing in you.
God bless
you were paying 147 diplomats....Or playing...Them....
lol who???
Mr president thanks for helping make our country great again. Go Alabama band good for them.
#Traitor
maybe make health insurance like car insurance
Don't worry We love you. You are our president. We pray everyday for you and our Vice President
#WhiteSupremacy sticks together no matter what. #DontTrustWhitePeople #Amerikkka #racist #sexist #genophobe
who??
You rock, President-Elect Trump! Just two more days! 
Should be ashamed playing for a racist, misogynist, who rips off the poor and sexually assaults women.

Seems GREAT Patriots are from #Alabama! @RSBNetwork @FastbackShelby #WarEagle To Name a Few! #Inauguration

Red Neck hee haw. You don't listen to that music 
Pussy Riot from Russia is your type
We r looking forward 2 Friday 2. God Bless u PET nd God Bless all performers who will b at inauguration.
Amazing

And remember president Trump
"15 A gentle answer turns away wrath,
    but a harsh word stirs up anger.
Making America HILLBILLY AGAIN!
And him getting elected will stand in history as an experiment / risk taken only  go terribly wrong.  MAGA
They must be as old as you! Did they lip sync?
Well at least you'll have college bands at your inauguration. Scott Baio will be wonderful! What a joke
So very excited for you & your family #MAGA. MAY OUR GODS GRACE & HIS SPIRIT LEAD YOU ALWAYS AMEN
Bill O'Reilly FOXNews cableHEjust mentionedTHEYwere having trouble $ &Dpeople steppedUP
I am glad they were there to celebrate  a special event.
Yr phoney/dishonest daughter Ivanka in WH no doubt will help u make hay while sunshines moneywise as Milania has no clue
They ran out the back door b4 u asked 4 a favor.Never seen white boys go out the back door;esp.from Alabama

Only 147? Out of how many diplomats & ambassadors in the world?
Like an old girlfriend. Everything she liked from me, she praised. The rest, she trashed.

thank you for the entertainment
I'm sure the foreign dignitaries were impressed by the highbrow entertainment. I assume Bud was on tap.
Have fun ! It's time to celebrate ! America is great again, the people are uniting for peace. Strongest Ever !!
Who the fuck is that???
Trump is the hammer of God. His tweets are like a hammer pounding on the new world order agendas.
Amerika nerede ise orada zulum var Afganistn ırak suriye siz inşallah ülkeler ve zalimlerden yana olmayınız
Earth Sets Record Temperature in 2016 — for Third Year in a Row
I heard they were male prostitutes guess I heard right
Awww... this is pitiful.
@LouressaMcCaule diplomats
Too bad you can't have anyone as like that for your inauguration, #TraitorTrump! #PutnPuppet #unpresidented
wow, a whole 147?
how come they didn't tweet one word about it? Not one. Hmmmm, embarrassed maybe?
you will never be a speaker that makes sense to the majority.
1st, cut EPA Regs for businesses, then cut EPA staffing by 50%, too powerful
how many rubles did that cost Vlad, Vladys? 4? Couldn't have been more than 4. Did you grope their Bama?
who are they?
Are these the same Diplomats whom you ordered out by midnight Friday with no concern for kids in school?
White trash music for a white trash president how fitting  I didn't know those guys were still alive 
Who?  Are they local?  From a talent show?  Who?

Way to go!  Live in Tuscaloosa, and, LOVE everything BAMA!
Man, you do look earned a breake. Have fun while on it.
that's just great! As if the world didn't think we were a bunch of hillbillies already!
you guys just have the world laughing at you and Hillary and Obuma. Keep us laughing.
who?
no one knows who that band is
Who?
YOU LIE!! Everyone knows they suck! #LyingLiarTellingLies
what about the Russian marching band and drill team.
narcissist @TheAlabamaBand hahaha
Have you gotten any talent that are not "inbreeders" to perform? You Orange Piss Hound. @realDonaldTrump @TheAlabamaBand
shut up
,
.  President Trump . is it possible to make health insurance available through all of our car insurance co.?
I'm trying to figure out how I missed it wasn't it on TV?
who?
who are they?
I am very interested in being on your cabinet as a SAP may I send you my resume
don't think they were there for you! They would have played if Orangutans were there.
who?
the haters need to be quiet. They are just showing their insecurity. GO TRUMP! I'm counting the days til it's official!
ouch! #trumpUniversitySettlement #DTS #TrumpInaugural
That sure was nice of them. Now you be nice and 1) don't stiff them and 2) release your promised taxes.
#Represent #RollTide #SweetHomeAlabama
Who is Alabama? You are freaking repulsively hilarious.
@KurtSchlichter @TheAlabamaBand ROLL TIDE!!!!!
Is that all u could get for your inauguration??? Pathetic!!! Those old coots were good like 40 yrs ago-
what have they done lately????- squat!!
They played because they were told you'd not be there! Hahahahaha!!!
