protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AM...
@realDonaldTrump
Trump's "best people"
Flynn - Russian ties
Sessions - Russian lies
Spicer -SO MANY LIES
Priebus -gone
All ppl that pulled out of nominations
PLZ dont choke on @SteveBannon dick tonight. On 2nd thought plz do

I am sincerely sorry. I looked him up & this 1 showed up. Again I'm sorry I wouldn't wish Trump choking on ur_
There’re those fake account likes again.
AMEN
.@realDonaldTrump People are with you President Trump. Frankly, most of us are sick of the Democrats & liberals protesting or obstructing.
@vjmc
these liberals are what's bad in this country, You Mr President keep up the great work
how about all of the Republicans leaving your side from this? You're a terrible entertainer, businessman, human, leader.
The exec order offers no additional protection but will serve to embolden anti-American sentiment around the world
I know you hate facts but here's one: over 400 people die each year from TOASTERS 

Another fun fact: America hates you
And why vote for him? He didnt win by himself LOL
So you are now blaming a senator with compassion for flight delays.... genius. @realDonaldTrump
lies. Puppet master Bannon should feed you some new lines- these aren't working.
Few problems, if you don't count massive protests, federal court decision & international outrage. #resist
you are mocking the first amendment w that tweet. Imposter-in-chief. #ImpeachUnPOTUS
I wish the same ppl calling for welcoming refugees would show same support and respect for our fallen and wounded veterans returning home
Immigrants aren't murderers. Veterans are. Why is it ok to murder people overseas but not domestically?
There are many immigrants that are murders. Your statement is factually false! Second don’t blame the veterans, blame politicians who create these wars and use our men and women as extensions to kill and enrich themselves.
Proof that many immigrants are "murderers"? And if that's true when why do you defend murdering veterans but not murdering immigrants? 

And why should I blame politicians when veterans WILLINGLY sign up and go to war for them? You think war would exist without veterans?
You can’t be this stupid. If Americans didn’t want to join there would be a draft. You should know this, we once had it
And they could refuse to go. You don't get to call others stupid when you keep forgetting free will exists.
It’s my free will to call others stupid. And you talk about double standard 
Yeah I figured you had no actual argument to prove me wrong. I hope you learned something here today.
What you did was unconstitutional.
..Grown man on National TV crying  tears what's he sad about?...Not America that's for sure...Go back home to your compound
Ruining relationships with our allies is inconsequential.
YOU ARE PUTTING AMERICANS AT RISKS MOTHERFCKER
#unqualified  #resign
Schumer tears are as fake as bigfoot.
#ThankYouTrump Take our country back for us.
it doesn't matter if it is "going" well. It's unconstitutional.
thank you Donald, hero of the Reasonable
more like have you impeached RIGHT NOW!!!
Your ally suffers a tragedy and you're absent because you only care for ratings, Baldwin and crowd size. Not presidential.
Stop spreading hate!
You are the crabbiest old man in America shouting "get off my lawn".  Change your depends gramps and take your pills
keep up the good work
You'd MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN by focusing on what kills most Americans... Americans with guns! Stop with the Islam pretext
@POTUS we hate you
Dummy, there have been no attacks from those 7 countries, in over 17 years, its a Muslim Ban, #alternativefacts
Future generations will look back on Trump’s win with dismay and disgust.
Were you pro-TPP? Yes or no?
We are pro genuine socialism. Everything else, politically, is irrelevant.
What is an example of a Socialist country you wish to emulate?
There are no socialist countries. Actual socialism is the system that comes only AFTER global capitalism has been ended.
So, there's no real world examples, at all? No communes, no communities where this has worked?
It cannot possibly work on a tiny scale. It has to be global. Like capitalism.
Capitalism works on a small scale. Drugdealers in high school didn't read Adam Smith, and still, it happened, even punks sell CDs
Resign and we'll be safe again
which Somali made it unsafe? #MuslimBan
Chuck Schumer does not represent true NYers - we're proud of what you are doing!
Where were Schumer's tears for those killed at Boston Bombing Pulse, Ft. Hood, Chattanooga, San Bernardino, MN Mall, NavyYard
You did this in a reckless, unclear fashion. You have neither the intelligence or emotional stability to be POTUS.
I did vote for you and I'm looking at a illegitimate president who has no place in the WH or US Capital for the way you act
I am TRULY sorry you didn't see this before. Hope you remember this Robert. VOTE IN 2018!!! VOTE AND #RESIST!!!
I honestly made a mistake with did forgot the n't. I'm actually embarrassed to call myself an American.
Don't say that. Do the right thing now. It matters now.
All's going well? Keep telling yourself that. US citizens are being detained due to your unconstitutional executive order.
im lovvin it
looks like you're loving about 15 big macs at a time
what about losin elections dnt u understand? YOU LOST WE WON lol ur not gonna change us stand back and let us MAGA
 My dude, we are just beginning to push back. I'm doing nothing the next 2-4 years but fighting this administration. 
and you don't want us fighting you back, don't start a civil war
Hey buddy.  My family has been to war for this country. Twice. Zip it! War's not a drag race.
.@realDonaldTrump, a 5-year-old was detained and kept from his mother for hours because of your #MuslimBan. http://fusion.net/story/383628/a-5-year-old-detained-kept-from-mother-hours-trump-muslim-ban/ …
.@realDonaldTrump, a Somali woman and her two children were detained at Dulles Airport for 20 hours without food. http://bit.ly/2kInA79 
.@realDonaldTrump, your #MuslimBan means families like Najah's will be separated––indefinitely.
IMPEACH TRUMP MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN !
Build the wall deport all illegals make America safe again. Deport all libtards make America great again
IMPEACH TRUMP - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It appears reading your past tweets this is all you send! Don't you know any more English words than that
I got your attention, it's good)))I like his slogan, I think NOW we can use it against him!
Gues Can't have the kind of safety you're talking about without crushing in equal parts the freedoms we cherish.
absolutely correct. The silent majority is behind you 100%. U r doing a great job. Ignore the libtards.
America is safe except from fellow Americans with guns
Americans  need  be safe fom  trump   cos friend  Russian
No it's not safe i don't trust you..... you sir are not and will never be my president
Donny you're being played by smarter people. Now's your chance to break free - fire them.
agreed direct vetting for all foreign ppl. Rfid chips installed on all weapons. Ban immigrants from firearms ownership
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
Kelly uber competent professional on the mark  media didn't want to show him too much today  lol
That's great--except the ban has a judicial stay on it, which means it is being illegally executed. Which is bad.
how would you know. You are watching Finding Dory with Uday and Qusay.#tangarinetoddler
proud of you,  sir.   Hang tough.
Make America safe again? Ok Donald, there is the door. Please use it. Job done!
Was a NY Dem, Now a NY Rep. Will never go back. Dems are embarrassing, setting the country back yet they blame POTUS
Democrats will complain until the cows come home. It doesn't matter who you choose. Sore losers.
You are making America a joke to the world. You are earning us enemies and strengthening ISIS. Fail.
America is safe except for from our own... What America are you living in?
@POTUS  be careful with this people
My dad taught me never speak badly of sitting Prez But my dad never lived 2 see sitting Prez bully lie belittle & cheat 2win IMPEACH his ASS
u r so heartless and u r going to get us killed - u will start the 3rd WW
President Trump. Don't even consider acting FBI director McCabe as new Director. Beware, he's a Judas. A snake, a swamp dweller
if u want America safe again, u need to leave the country step down  Presidency, don't EVER show ur face again.
liberals make me sick, Obama faked tears too; remember ? They have evil hearts, caloused with sins.
Your mother is portly to the extent that it causes discomfort, and negatively affects her ability to perform daily tasks
Chuck Fake Tears Schumer!
Thank you POTUS Trump for standing strong against the Left drama. Every American who understands the real threat thanks you
Amen
@chinyere542  #MakeAmericaSafeAgain 85k refugees coming in evry yr and more than 50% are £Muslims. What Will be the future?
You really are despicable !
...Gonna start arresting toddlers?

They killed 20 times as many Americans as terrorists did last year
Instead of listening to Bannon and sticking your nose up his butt why don't you look at what's really going on?
NY may be democratic but Long Island is Republican. L.I. has no representation Sir! Hopefully you'll check in on us!
In the US there have been 4000 lynchings by whites. You are worried about refugees becoming terrorists
Tell that to the green card residents who were turned away!
#PresidentBannon
@POTUS hey little Donny, once again you're lying from your inner soul. Horrible guy !!!
U & UR Nomines are mote Hilter like than I have witness..."R" are going to drown in their d/n do as I do...Pffffffdf
schumer never cried like that after 9/11,boston, san bernardino and orlando
If U want us safe, then what abt Saudi Arabia? U know where you have business? I can't wait 2 see your PERP walk when they arrest U-treason
other than alienating Iraq, whom we need on our side in the fight against ISIS. #crazyisnotastrategy
. #PresidentDeplorable
They who cry have been loser all there life. Talking about the demo rats that have destroyed our country for 8 LONG YEARS
Bless the protesters and Senator Chuck Schumer. Good people!!
Donald if you only watch Fox news, then things are going right. When will you tell the truth for once.
@POTUS you have made America less safe. Listen to the experts at the State Department!
"Make America read again" so we never have to put up with someone like you embarrassing us on the national stage again.
Do you believe your own lies and bullshit? No one else does.
yes yes yes
@POTUS speaking of, nice work with that Yemen air raid the other day. Crackerjack job #loser #youlostthepopularvote
More "alternative facts"? We KNOW it's not going well for and we WILL keep it up.
in order to make it safe we need to Impeach you.
the only way it will be safe is if you are committed to an behavioral asylum.
What a con!! You forgot your friends the Saudis!! Remember 9/11, 15 hijackers were Saudis, wake up America! What a fraud!!
9/11 needs to  be memorialized and put in history, not lived as our narrative. Please come join us in the present.
thousands died and your president is buds with the Saudis, funny what a hypocrite.
go save American
AMEN!! :)
You've made the US appear cowardly, ignorant, racist, bigoted, and irrational. We'd be safer with Charles Manson as pres.
All miss going well???  Maybe he was in a room with no communication
good morning dearest president Trump, things will straighten up you doing the right thing we are proud of you !

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
@POTUS You are and have always been jealous of Obama.  Your decisions spew jealousy, hatred, envy and low self esteem.
Keep pushing back against ppl who sympathize with murderers!
stay the course, Mr. President. Don't listen to the media or let the Democrats get you down.
@POTUS 
Why not ban most of the Americans. THEY all have a gun under their bed isnt it? Stop that first!
Make America SMART again #IMPEACHTRUMPANDPENCE
what happened to the land of the free and home of the brave? You are making us look like sniveling cowards!
@POTUS How about USA stops going into other people's countries and taking their shit then they wouldn't attack you
the biggest seat in office I just can't believe this shit. And as an American I will FIGHT BACK WITH  #RESISTANCE
#D day for you.
Pres Trump I am glad your strong and doing something throw them all out and get our jobs back
The real missing link has been accountability ! No one has been held accountable for failing schools/money/bridges ..
When stock take it's "bigly-est" tumble blame your supporters for putting you in office. Keep up these sick polices. Puppet
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
@POTUS You seem to enjoy mocking others pain. How is that #Cyberbullying campaign of Melania's going?  She can start w/ you
yes,all is going well they start the campaign to take u doen as,a president allready , not more then 1 year u tgere yeahhh
America is RIDICULOUS. Non-Americans have laughed at the place for years. And years. The place is a joke. Never 'great'
Thank You May God Bless You  with His guidance and wisdom.  IJN Amen
You aren't doing anything to increase our safety by banning countries that have never attacked us.  You look like a fool.
I believe that he's actually giving them or other countries a reason to attack us.
Alas...THEIR END GAME, perhaps?!!  Start a war!!  But WHY???
Peace isn't profitable.
That makes me sad...cuz you are right.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
America is safe...you are making it unsafe by travel bans.
#alternativefacts
The get rid of #guns
You're sick
so many people I talk to agree with you.
wtf America was never safe
Schmer is POND SCUM, treat him as INSIGNIFICANT LW SOCIALIST Anti-America that he is, EX O Muslim 7 was MORONIC ROLLOUT.
NONE of the countries you have banned have had any attacks from citizens in yearssssss
what about countries u do business w/ that have high Islam pop. & violence? Oh that's right, you're worried about ur $
@POTUS thank you for calling Schumer's acting out he's such a hypocrite. Please make it a practice
"If you want total security, go to prison. There you're fed, clothed, etc,. The only thing lacking... is freedom." - DDE
America wasn't unsafe to begin with. You are disturbed.
you didn't follow constitutional law. Most likely a lot of lawsuits will follow. T
yo momma so fat shes got pesos in one pocket and yen in the other
good drain the swamp
You Go Mr. President.... Glad to see the White House grew a pair.... Don't let these crying idiots slow you down...
@POTUS
as always Trumper, thick as two short planks. By the way HRH Elizabeth knows you have a very small tool
