Weak administration leads to chaos and corruption. That is what we have in this @potus
DID YOU JUST LAND ON THIS PLANET?????
No I have been watching Trump for a long time. He is a liar, crook, and known mobster. His reaction and time delay w/PR tells it all
Keep watching fake news and you will keep believing Clinton is your President you f&$@_in idgit
Comrade Trump
Deep. I'll have to stitch that on a sampler.
This guy is an ars not a show host look at his ratings Gilligan's island has better ratings hahaha
LOL. You gotta stop reading all those right wing rags & watching Fox-PAC. It seems to be rotting your brain.
No, a strong administration doesn't bluster & feel the need to constantly defend itself from every perceived slight. That's weakness.
That certainly explains the weak response. Hey, arse wipe, any word on those Green Berets? How are the Americans in Puerto Rico doing?
It was a strong response.  Are you in Puerto Rico because if you were you would understand it is not as bad as #fakenews puts it.
Me personally no, but I have many family and friends in all parts of PR and have talked to them about it.
As do I. My close friend is from PR, and his extended family (multiple generations) still live there. That's where I get my information.
Unfortunately both the do nothing congress and senate are extremely weak n unwilling
Yeah....too bad we no longer have a strong administration.
Haven't had strong administrtion since GW Bush.. Trump is working on one..
The only thing strong with Trump & Co., is hate & ignorance.  Go to bed, bot!
Ignorant administration leads to ignorant response.
DJT, check out the poll on this guy's profile. It shows how even your fans aren't buying your shtick anymore
You're right! The strong administration of @BarackObama gave that ridiculous @POTUS an improving America. Americans miss President Obama!
Not this American nor ANY of my family. We're so very happy obama is GONE. Woohoo! Thank GOD for our POTUS. God Bless President Trump.
America is proud and free for a reason and its not being ashamed of where we came from it's looking forward to where we are going.
Lol. Thx I needed that
Creation takes time and requires intelligence and skills. Destroying something takes very little effort without any skill. 

Clearly, Trump has proven that he is too stupid to invent anything but rolled back and destroys... The con man has nothing for us to be proud of.
Once a con man, always a con man. Sadly stupid people are still buying into that con man’s scam... sad!!!
If by strong response you mean- spend taxpayer money to golf before tending to your citizens in need- then... yeah... I guess...
Yes.  We miss you, President Obama.
Sooo...when does that start...
Yes, that's true. I wish we had one now.
Good point.  So just imagine if there was a strong administration right now...
Wouldn’t it be nice if we had one.
Very SLOW response by a VERY SLOW administration that is run by a "F@#@KING MORON" @jeffsessions @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @GOP
Yeah. Call me when we get one.
I agree. Wish we had one.
You nailed it we do not have a strong administration and its leader is sick and will be #Impeached

Our administration is not strong it is ineffective and incompetent.  You need to seek the truth.
He is not a leader. He is just a moronic bully.
Your definition of strong sets the bar at an all time low!! Your Admin is a revolving door of which cheats and entitlement enter and exit!!
what response? A moronic response to issues that effect the lives of our citizens. Plus his porn star wife and his addled children - morons.


Firefighter FIRED for ‘Racial Insensitivity’ After Bringing in a Watermelon.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os8TKN0cY7g … 
Lol and we wait. Btw, bullying is a sign of weakness, not strength. Dodging Viet Nam bc of bone spurs & then comparing avoiding STDs to Viet Nam combat is weakness. Caving to Russia? Weakness.
In words the Donny will understand; "Smell isn't everything."
to bad we don't have one,
We only wish we had a good honest sane president
That is HILARIOUS!!!  That’s the best joke I’ve heard all day!  

Too bad this isn't a strong administratuon
Wish we had one
Are you ok? This administration is worse than Nixon. We all know it. Hence 32% approval at best.
The women Trump has allegedly sexually assaulted:
So what do you call this?
stop funding Planned Parenthood
PLEASE EXPOSE FAKE MEDIA COVER UP 
Lie by Lie: by Robert Mueller FAKE intelligence to go to the IRAQ WAR
CLICK ON LINK  KNOWLEDGE IS POWER
http://www.nytimes.com/2003/03/05/politics/full-text-of-fbi-agents-letter-to-director-mueller.html …



That’s rich. Strong administration? Haven’t seen any evidence yet.
kinda like strong b.o. leads to strong deodorant, you mean?  Cuz the stink is spreading. #mpeachtrump  #DumpTrump
And dysfunctional administration leads to dysfunctional response.
And THIS is NOT a strong administration!!
Your strong response leads to strong distaste.

“With great power comes great responsibility” Spider-man the movie
Strong response from the #Resistance
#TrumpIsAMoron 
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist 
#MuellerIsComing
#LockThemAllUp
True but your administration is a failure so......
COVFEFE
Strong administration sounds like a 3rd grader who is failing grammar.
But unfortunately we don't have a strong administration since Obama left.  All we have is Trump, who runs things like a reality show.
We haven't had a strong administration since GW Bush.. Donald Trump is putting one together..
You must be one of the Deplorables, ...I mean Delusionals.

The only reason he seems weak is because when you have both Dems. and Repubs. Fighting against him hard to get much done.

Trump's going to have to legalize it just to pay for his tax scam bill

Throwing American Bombs at Yemen is the flaw in your Plan 
America is now a purveyor of oppression in the world and plenty of people know it
Donald Trump is a hero!
Click and Scroll. Everybody link back to this, my account, and my tweets:
https://twitter.com/ChrisDownsBooks/status/920113102242291713 …
You delusional ass-kisser!! This is the WEAKEST, most corrupt, clueless, joke of an administration in history! What planet have you been on?
Amen
What 'Strong administration'? The #FakePotus who is NOT IMPOSING #RussianSanctions? #Trump loyalty is to #Putin!
What kind of @potus neglects imposing #RussianSanctions with the dictator who is attacking our democracy? A FAKE POTUS — @realdonaldtrump! 
Shame the US doesn't have a strong administration.

Save Biafran now Donald Trump. Remember injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere. Biafrans will stand with the USA at all time if helped.

Global laughing stock leads to Melania-like pointing & laughing.
Sane people,please pickup a bag of trash locally.Shake the hand of those that serve where you live.hate, tolerance core USA value
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #trumpsawhitesupremacist #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisarapist #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #fucktrump
Good parents lift the self-esteem of their kids, good presidents lift the flags of their football players.
We are in deep shit!
Nothing strong about your falling apart administration. How many quit/got fired again? We've lost count...
I. Know your not talking about the Trump Administration the Do Nothing Administration
I guess you need to re-examine your definition of "strong administration". Trump is the snowflake in chief. He can't take criticism
Yes, that should be to get rid of you, Donald.
We're still waiting for the strong administration.
And therein lies the problem.
As Turkey did
Weak administration leads to Twitter wars.

1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 

1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Arrogance is not a sign of Strong administration

Huge fruck-ups by the administration also leads to a strong response. And there are plenty of those.
Where where, haven’t seen a strong administration yet!
True words.

Don't just ask one third of the people who never even voted for him ask the 70% that did vote and do approve
Um, what?
Poll: Trump loses favorability among rural voters

Yet stupid administration’s lead to disastrous responses
So does a weak and foolish one!

Well, Let us know when a strong administration is put in the White House. #RussianSanctions
You mean strong lies
Bwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha...cough.cough.gasp... Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
#25thAmendmentNow
Всем витоге правят деньги и всему есть свой конец . Дональдак ой трамп
Welp, we're screwed then.
Strong smell leads to a strong response.
What strong administration? Germany's?
You do realize that Pro-wrestlers are actors right?
A corrupt administration leads to an outraged response.
#FakeNews
Finally a strong administration for we the people of the United States #MAGA
The strong administration left when Obama did.
Who says it was successful?
So far no comment from Trump on the deadly California fires. 21 Americans are now dead and not a bleep from our so called 'President'.
Your fake news excuses are up in smoke as well. It's time you get to work or GET OUT!
Not OR, PR
Obama is no longer President. Vacuum in Washington
Which is why the response was shit.
That's one of Trumps bots

The current administration is the most inept group of people ever to set foot in the White House....it would be laughable, if it weren’t so terrifying.
Wish we had a strong administration!
Do you really just retweet fox news every day? What does someone so dull do for fun
Definitely
Perception is a tool the weak of mind shouldn't rely upon.
You are a fake.
Exactly. I was getting real tired of Barry pissing himself every time the phone rang.
Love it...
All we need now is a Fair & Balanced Press that reports on everything VS Just Anti-Trump...
Also ZERO COVERAGE of Trump Successes; AND, ZERO COVERAGE of All DEM ‘Matters’ = Lying to America.                After One Full Year in Office, Their #RESIST IS NOW Sedition...
Agree Drew...
All we need now is a 'More' Fair & Balanced Press that reports on everything VS Just Anti-Trump...

Also ZERO COVERAGE of Trump Successes;

AND,

ZERO COVERAGE of All DEM 'Matters' = Lying to America!!

After One Full Year in Office, Their #RESIST IS NOW Sedition...
Love it...
All we need now is a Fair & Balanced Press that reports on everything. VS. Just Anti-Trump...
Also ZERO COVERAGE of Trump Successes; AND, ZERO COVERAGE of DEM Scandals = Lying to America.                   After One Full Year in Office, Their #RESIST IS NOW Sedition...
Yeah so get him outta here.
Please follow back PATRIOT 
You should see the results of the 37,000 odd votes in yer lil maga poll. Trump Loses Just like He Did In November 2016 Making America Gag Aloud
It does, can't wait to have one instead of the weak minded fool and his unqualified staff
Yes, I agree. Also, *really* shitty administrations lead to strong responses... 
Hard working? He's spent over 109 days golfing/vacations.He lied saying he was working the other day when he was playing golf. He lies about the number of holes he plays,, he's spent over 100 million on his trips/vacations in less than a year. Thank God for TV (4 to 8 hours a day
Yeah, that's why we're still waiting for a strong response. Donny's got nuttin...zero, zilch.
You are sick people to believe that this administration is anything but a crock of .  Drew don’t hold your breath waiting for that big orange head to do anything 4 u
So does stupid Polls !
Weak administration leads to chaos.  Too bad bad we're stuck with the weakest in recent history.
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/-500-billion-opportunity-for-exxon-russia-in-trump-cabinet-pick-827731523790 …

Meanwhile..Russia has taken the White House. 
MAGA =  MUELLER AIN'T GOING AWAY

So then this is the weakest response in history?
9
What?
And you’re getting neither
Bullshit
United America will not will be possible as long as this monstrosity occupies the Peoples House where Presidents USED to live

Then why did @POTUS bow to China? On campaign said he would stand up to them re: trade and now? Let’s them dictate whether he can take questions from press and says they were right to take advantage of trade
Wipe your face gezz ha
We don't have a strong administration
How many tin-pot dictators have said exactly that ... thankfully it rarely ends well for them and hopefully the same will be true for Trump.
Oh you are so funny 

Who is this legate  jerk?
 A young GUN PUNK?
  Looks that way
That is why you rattle your sword? For a strong response? Geeze Louize...why not try peace and kindness, just once, without a hidden agenda!
Explains all the weak ass response  to everything you do!
Never the Deranged, detruncated psychopath. Unable to think clearly 
@GOP @SenJohnMcCain #ImpeachTrumpNow #TheResistance @Scavino45 #Resist
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
Weak administration leads to a quick change in administration. Soon.
It’s about time!
Was true under Obama...
The only thing strong in the White House is the smell of BS!
I don’t think Donald realizes this is actually an insult
"Administration with small dick syndrome doesn't do a goddamn thing for a week after disaster." 

Fixed it for you.
Sorrry drew you sold out!
And a brainless, dumb Administrator leads to a destroyed Country...
Merci
Too bad they have nothing strong..but the strong smell of shit flowing from their mouths and @realDonaldTrump Twitter fingers
Spoken like a true weakling bully
Strong administration?  Where?  Where?  Did I miss something???
weak administration leads to weak response.  completely clueless administration leads to weaker response. your administration? no response
The last Strong Administration was the Obama Administration!  This is nothing more than a joke.  Embarrassment.  Shameful.

No DACA!
Georgia Governor Nathan Deal Signs “Switch Bill” Data Center Tax Exemption Legislation: New Law Paves Way for Construction of @Switch’s Hyperscale Colocation Data Center Campus in Atlanta
