Yet you had time to retweet a video of hitting Hillary w/a golf ball before all this important stuff started. Stronger by the day, my ass.
The whole country thinks that video is funny! I hope we see more vids from that guy!
Dear President,
In Japan, Koreans in PACHINKO industry are sending huge profits to DPRK illegally. Punish em badly! Koreans r total garbage.
South Koreans are WONDERFUL!
I can't speak for North Koreans though 
South Korean? Same!

They can't live w/o making lies. Highest felony & sexual crime rate in Japan.

We wanna terminate diplomatic relations.
Would you define a foreign power attacking our electoral process an "enemy"? Just wondering.
Watch Trump win the next election as well. Wouldn't that be a hoot!
I miss having a real president.  Barack Obama....he is a real leader.  Also Hillary would have been amazing!  Bigly!!!
I hope she runs again! You think she'll win next time?
If she loses to Trump twice, well I hope she runs again. Do you think she'd win then?
Please try and not make a fool of yourself and us at the UN this week!
I think you're asking too much.
I agree

There is a lot of Americans who does not love America. How’d would we expect other countries to respect us?
You can't take credit for the economy and the Navy keeps colliding with other ships.  Get real.  Your admin is shear chaos.
The military can't stand you! You're not a leader, you're a TRAITOR and they know it!
DOJ is part of the Swamp , why are u putting Swamp back into our Government. He will not pursue Obama Amid Clinton for their crimes :Phrtt

We need close our borders and implement strict immigration laws that limits influx of China folks coming to America by ways of birth hotels!
Our enemies? Oh boy.
Only true Americans can see that president Trump is making America great. He's the only person who can! Haters are jealous of his success 
You are a LIAR You have no credibility You pander to Nazis and radical white supremacist terrorists.
Thanks for letting me know that the president of the US is having "important" meetings you malignant narcissist. #ITMFA #NotMyPresident
Be careful with daca and Republican house & Senate
You're realing scaring N Korea. He's shaking in his rocket launches.
Is that why they continue to fire missiles into the air? Got it 
No matter how many tweets u send, we won't love you, little man.
You make The National Enquirer look Shakespearean.

Oh so your gonna go golfing.
Make America White Again = #MAGA #Trump
Your little imaginary "reports" on what you imagine a real president would do are utterly pathetic.
Is this a joke?
so far you've made it clear that the enemy knows the stock market is over-valued. Is that going to protect us from nukes?
Please, go golf.
No meetings
No phone calls
No plans
Just golf.
Lol
Praying God meets you at the point of your every need with His wisdom, rest, peace, inner joy, wise counsel, safety.  #deplorableforTrump
1 Girl's FAKE STORY=Jail to Asaram Bapu Ji Million women support Him=No Bail #JailedAnInnocent
भ्रष्ट न्यायतंत्र ने निर्दिश Bapuji के सभी सेवा कार्य जानते हुए भी उन्हें बेल तक नहीं दी। #JailedAnInnocent
BUILD THE WALL


BUILD THE WALL, replace Obama care, reduce taxes to 15%, review trade agreements, and reevaluate foreign aid. When is this going to happen?
Bring back the A-10 Warthogs and let Convicts that have never raped, rob an old grandma's purse, etc. you know, join the military.
MAGA!  Drain the swamp!
Then why arn't you in them?  Why are you here, retweeting memes from overt racists and bigots?
That must be why NK is shaking in their boots while firing off missiles.  Calling and meeting between golf games, Donnie?
Morning 
Not when you tweet shit like this

God Bless you President TRUMP!   Keep fighting the  liberals for ALL AMERICANS!   God Bless you again PRESIDENT TRUMP!  #1 MAGA!
Thanks Obama!
And thank you for your idiotic meme posts, you petulant know-nothing child. 

Just resign.
You keep trying to show leadership by telling us you're "really srsly working".

Want to show real leadership? Rejoin the Paris Agreement.
Incompetent Lazy Trump

5 full weeks golfing + 11 weeks promoting his personal profit
#unfit #impeach45 #TrumpResign
Bloomberg News:
Trump schedule - NO meetings or calls

Gofling while TX, FL, Puerto Rico, US Virgin Islands suffering
+ Int'l crisis mounts
Majority of America says:  "Trump is Tearing the Country Apart"
-FOX (fake news now too?)
You're a bad person.
He's not alone.
Bad, bad dog..
Back to golf now. It's Sunday.
How much of these immature Sunday morning tweets can one take? it makes it look like the US is run by a kid.
I bet the only people dumb enough to cheer for a child President are indoctrinated by purveyors of sexist harassment (at the top)
And this is a real quote from the pervert in chief.
OH YEA NOW

After I CALLED YOU OUT LIKE 3 HOURS AGO!!!!
The real enemies are living among us. #NoAmnesty
Box and grocery stores closing. 70 employees losing their jobs in a month. MAGA? BULLSHIT!!
Hopefully a meeting about how you're endorsing violence against women in one of your retweets today.
 #FakePresident 
God have mercy on you sadistic people
May God have mercy on the idiot Trump supporters.
But.....
Who gives a shit? We weren't talking about Hillary, but the again...
But the again? You need to proof before u post! And if you didn't give a shit you wouldn't have replied! 
Proof of what? That you are a brainwashed Trumpster? You just did that yourself...
The Greatest President Ever 

Are these calls going to result in action or just more talk?  Hope we see action
Just by saying the economy and military are getting stronger doesn't actually make it happen.
I get the sense that your talk of military strength is rhetoric taken from the North Korean playbook.  We already had a strong military
Right before Barack handcuffed and dismantled the military.  First rule, show of force is usually enough.  Unless you have no force to show.
Thank you!  Stocks keep climbing and just got a promotion!  #MAGA + full health care due to awesome company benefits!
Important meetings about resigning the presidency?
To the pregnant Chinese who lies to the US immigration officers upon entering America. You folks are not welcome here!!
U r the only enemy. Get ALL ur citizens off Puerto Rico.
My tax money goes to China folks who preys on the loopholes of our immigration law. Obama’s 500K gets you green cards is a total fail!
Important meetings and calls?!! Isn't that your job description?!!!
If you think we needed this news, you really are a first degree Putz!!!!
It's time to deal with Rocket Man Sir
It figures you'd ask a made up person to protect the #WorstPresidentEver.
But now because of #equifaxbreach the enemies can do real damage, hurt the American public! You should do something!


You got time in your hands. Utilise it well. Let the economy speak for itself.
Where's the help to #PuertoRico though? // #MasPuto
#WorstPresidentEver
You are the GREATEST MAN ALIVE!
Trump Family = TREASON
Republican = RUSSIAN
LOCK THEM ALL UP!!!!!!  http://www.usdebtclock.org 

Show your tax returns!!!
Please give our veterans who suffer every day and their families suffering medical help they need free they gave the govt a blank check which included their life especially Vietnam vets ty 
eres Un rasista #DejaMiPatriaVzlaEnPaz
You are a liar
Does your stronger military strategy involve name-calling, "Rocket Man?"  I'm rubber, your glue, whatever you say bounces thermonuclear war.
Infantile behavior! This man need not be occupying the Oval Office. Everyday an embarrassment.
Give it rest, hun. Most everyone 's Trump and what he's doing as POTUS. That's why we all elected him in the 1st place 
Not "most everyone 's Trump." Majority (55%) disapprove of what Trump is doing. Majority (65M) voted for Clinton. http://m.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/trump_administration/prez_track_sep15 …
That Rasputin report is bogus. Most legit polls put Trump's approval at about a third.
True. I was being generous by quoting the poll most favorable to Trump. Even then, a majority disapprove, and only 25% strongly approve.
Welcome to the revolution 
No bots a doubt that! If you are human, are you being paid to tweet, or just wreaking havoc? Either way, pretty transparent/ineffective.
#NoDACADeal 
#NoDACA 
#EndDACA 
#EndDACAnow 
@POTUS 
@realDonaldTrump
#JUSTSAYNOTODACA
Don't forget his promise to renovate existing fences. 
Your base is shrinking faster than your tiny dick, you fat old Nazi bitch.

None of this makes up for the bullshit he is pulling now. Good deeds do not buy anyone dispensation to perform horrible deeds. Sorry, pal.
Sometimes it's hard to see the forest for the trees. Hopefully, someday you will see he's working for the greater good.
If he were, I'd be the first to applaud. So far he has only worked for the good of rich white men. This will not change.
If we had a 12% Corporate Rate. Most the companies around the world would move here creating more jobs and wealth for Americans.
That is completely absurd and has no historical precedent. It is merely speculation. Lower taxes for the rich just makes them richer.
Rich people hire poor people and create jobs. Some of those people become future entrepreneurs. Which is good for everybody. SIMPLE
You know @BarackObama never had to tweet everyday about taking meetings. He just got shit done. Like passing a healthcare bill.
MAGA is a joke! GOP in pockets of foriegn countries! 
http://www.sos.state.tx.us/about/newsreleases/2017/052617.shtml …
Explain conflict of interest Russia/China have on N Korea, human enslavement funding N Korea's military!! Please.
love Bondi & Haley!
FAKE NEWS
What is planet are you living on?
#MuellerTime
Why does he insist on giving us a play by play on his day? Zero F@cks given.
God Speed Mr President
Trump you are a rerun has been, the commercials are more interesting than you!
To translate: Day 61 at a tRump owned golf course.  Simple, stupid, white supremacists tRump.
Yea well our army would be a heck of a lot stronger if you didn't ban transgender people
How does it feel@to@be the most despised person in America...your lies can't change the facts!
They're not though. You just got rid of 1/2 the military, and your spending is out of control. Jack wipe
And who are those your enemies Golden Goliath?
Yes Sir
from all us Legally Immigrated Asian Americans>#MAGA >https://youtu.be/FzZzJuj2wq4  @INFOWARS  @RealAlexJones  fighting the FED that not Federal!
I have important meetings and phones calls today, too. Imagine that.

#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist and a liar!
Unfortunately the U.S. is sleeping with the enemy
You are such a joke. Important meetings....
Blessings to you President Trump fue being the first President in decades,   to truly work in favor of America.  MAGA!
Nobody cares anymore..
The tweet where you hit Hillary with the golf ball was childish and in poor taste. I betcha you know that know.
You're the President. Important meetings and calls should be the norm, shouldn't they?
You must not have anything planned.
Did you tell them how to stay in the lines when coloring. Your dumb ass don't know shit!
 please act like a real president.

#AmericanHorrorStory
I STAND With Donald Trump.  God put him in the White House.  And the Lord is in charge.  God is going to make America Great Again.Praise HIM

And just who are our enemies Douchetuft? Why are you so in love with the Russians?
Liar
WHAT? NO TWEET STORM ABOUT COLBERT MOCKING YOU AT THE EMMYS? U DIDN'T WIN! SAD!! UUUUUGE LOSS!!!

Then why r u here?
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … gffy
Why are you polluting the world with such useless tweets....
Why do you have the time to tell us this?
Go USA ,MAGA. Time to teach what RESPECT is all about. 100% support You .
We are only stronger in our opposition of you. #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
󾓦 THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING YOU ARE DOING FOR US! 󾓦 YOU WALK YOUR TALK! 󾓦
U lied. U had none set up. Nice try liar n chief
a.k.a. "I'm going golfing"
Important meetings and phone calls? Are you invited?
You are trying to get our attention so badly!! BUT you PROMISED to 1) End DACA on DAY ONE. Not support immigration and 2) Build the WALL.
But you're avoiding the DACA flip-flop.  Leaders don't change course if the wind blows; they stick to principle.  What happened to MAGA!?
When you say "Our enemies", does that mean #Russia? You DO know that they WILL be hacking our NEXT election as well?!!
meeting with manafort and Putin, very important
Did you take your pill today? No pill, no phone privileges.
Which makes the situation much more volatile ya big dummy
Please Mr. President, hold strong on your DACA and immigration promises.  Those that voted for you stand with you in MAGA!
Trump 2020
Sir, please use extra caution with the Secret Service to ensure your safety!! Draining the Swamp is dangerous work!!!
that is the funniest things I have known
Enemies know it? Russia, Iran, N Korea all stronger since you came to office. #Clueless
Jeez is this man the President. So sad for you America
the senile baby is playing president! he even thinks he is doing a good job. How adorable!
Shouldn't every meeting as the president of a country be an important one?!?  anyway thanks for the update on your schedule.
You want a parade to show off our military? Like Hitler did? Go for it.

Did you call Obama and thank him for the economy. You obviously had nothing to do with it.
@Jaime4ou True but still no action2declare viol militant pol wings as Dom Terrorism organizations They're tearing US apart
Which pols are you referring? AntiFA? I'm ready to including them in College Hazing ..of Conservatives!
yes that would be one of them
BLM rates too with all the violence.
if any grp that is violent/advocates violence condones violence then they should be included as Dom Terrorists
It would also be morally wrong and illegal. But those two things don't seem to matter to you. Go figure.
Really? What freaking planet do you live on? I mean, come on. Please let me know. AHABG meaning America has always been great
Liar. Of course, it's kinda late in the game to start telling the truth. About anything. Ever.
#ImpeachTrump
Thx 4 leadn our troops, provide the best 2 fight 4 our freedom...grson just nlisted USANG 2yrs active Army Strong 6 yrs job Fred fire spcl
lol..You're Fired
Just get off twitter so I don't have to see the constant disgrace that our country has become. The people in it and the president.
Fantastic !
MAGA
No thanks to you.
Who are your enemies bwahaha   Must be talking about those that refuse to worship you.
MAGA!! WE ARE PRAYING FOR YOU, THANK YOU & Your WHOLE FAMILY
Make America Great. #ImpeachTrump #LockHimUp
You don't strike me as having a terribly good grasp of the issues. Or English language. Do the right thing: resign. Thanks.
30 days to defeat ISIS? Gonna donate? Repeal/Replace?  Build a wall? Riiiight!
