@Oregon4Trump2 POTUS if money runs low with  the building of the WALL, I am sure, your conservative supporters will donate
yep I won't give u a 2nd thot when I send u to ur death after monitoring a situation from my bedroom.  U LOTS BY 3M VOTES
I do not think I will be visiting the USA any time soon @realDonaldTrump. https://twitter.com/fox32news/status/819721447757074432 … @EvanstonPD @EvanstonPolice @fox32news
NEW VIDEO: Evanston police stop man suspected of stealing car that turned out to be his own http://bit.ly/2iNc6e4  
Where’s a picture of you with our nation’s law enforcement officers, the Federal Bureau of Investigation?  They risk their lives every day going after federal criminals. Do you respect them, too?
#you don't care!! Liar
You gotta like east Georgia mtns Elaine. She's got the right attitude.

Amen and I include POTUS et al.
抵制萨德，抵制韩货
are police and firemen should make better pay. They put they life out their every day.
= Not to mention Mr President .. These brave men and women - GOT YOUR BACK.
keep up the good job and the ban in place for life!!! You r doing great!
@Jjjjjj00778518 @BlueWalkPoconos @bluelivesmtr doesn't matter that this date has passed. We should appreciate them everyday
thumbs up to our  law enforcement women & men protecting our highways,cities counties,we appreciate your stressful efforts.
Thank you for finally saying something wortrhwhile!
So, Donald Trump you are 4/4 days you have embarrassed this country. In the eyes(tweets) of the world you are a lunatic.
Can you take a photo with me too sir?
Thank you all
Hahaha #LetItGoMan
LOL..could you tell they are all pretty pumped to have a supportive president,,,,don't fail them !!
LOVE THIS COLLAGE!
YOUR SMILES GOES FOR MILES
KP. 
@KatrinaPierson I adamantly support the Law Enforcement Officers here in Missoula, MT
I protected a veteran at the VA northport and the VA terminated me for this to conceal my case of error of classification
@elementalviews   LAS.  FARC.  HAN VIOLADO. 6.800. NIÑAS.  Y NIÑAS. COLOMBIANAS.  Y.  SANTOS. ES. SOCIO DE.  LAS. FARC .
today's a great day
@slewis8353 This is a proud moment !This really is the People's President!
Can we get a real 'naturopathy based' health insurance for volunteer firefighters?
GIVE THE POLICE BACK THE POWER TO ARREST ILLEGAL MEXICANS AND MUSLIMS
; 
If you fill your halls with silver & jade, you will soon find them hard to protect! Lao Tzu!
Know your view on CNN, this really happened: http://www.cnn.com/2016/08/17/health/west-virginia-city-has-27-heroin-overdoses-in-4-hours/ …. now the city is cutting 1/3 police and fire.
Thank you Mr. President-Elect, Glad to be of Service Sir.
Tomorrow is gonna be HUGE!! #MAGA
Plz do American citizens the favor and honor of having Brigitte Gabriel as an advisor on Islamic relations
Why not just eliminate the position and save the money for tax cut, etc.
as long as the cancer is allowed 2 exist we shud hav some1 who understands it & will shine the lite on the disease
The Cancer needs to be eliminated for the body of the World by extermination.  They are like cockroaches nukes just wont do.
who you explain to the black community that you have their backs lol
Happy for you Mr. President. I support u 100%.
thank you!!
Reach out, show them all that we will stick together and our reach crosses the whole country, even where they think not.
I know the president is too important for little man, but you said you'd be different. Feeling alone hear in Chicago,
Not a police officer but worker of Amer-I-Can Program, founded by the Great Jim Brown. Please let us hear from you.
, thank you for showing your support!
nice picture
Thank you President Trump for your support in honoring our 1sr responders
prayers coming your way president Trump God Bless you and our protectors!
please protect or protesters they deserve it!
clean the swamp CIA, FBI AND MORE ARE CORRUPT THERE ARE MUSLIM PEOPLE WORKING THERE SPY, TRAITORS, CLEAN THE SWAMP URGENT
I love you and your whole family!   So excited!!!
@chieflasky 
Does that include us firefighters??
You are a bad politician.
put police in those seats
Trump should put the bikers in those seats
how would you know you never ever served anyone but you, fake president
We want you protected.  What is it with the National Guard head being fired at the time you are inaugurated??
been a COP/SWAT 28 years. We need better tools & tactics. http://Www.kirbytacticalproducts.com  Critical Incident Shields will save lives
Watch "cops". This is what our law enforcement is up against.
Thanks to all those in uniform (police, fire, or military) who protect us. Proud to have worn the Army green.
Sir i hope you unlike our current potus will  salute our military
Amen
I like that LawEnforcementDay, should be a Federal holiday, they do great work and are under appreciated.
can u help fix the cease of service due to $$ for veterans who had home health aids in the DC area? #homeinsteadseniorcare

Every day: McPherson Square, 4pm. MARCH to stop Trump from taking power. DONATE to support the resistance. #NoFascistUSA 
Thanks for mentioning us retired cops, Mr. President! looking forward to a great 8 years!
thank you for dodging the draft and not cheapening the meaning of service to our country by trying to participate
We will never hear Obama say this!
great job thank you
@mmj6279 
CAN'T WAIT TILL 1/20/17,  LAW & ORDER,  VETS, WALL, HEALTH CARE, 
U WILL BE THE BEST-EST 
Amen!  They are the reason every single one of US are alive, wish every single one of them were also! 
as a retired police officer and Trump supporter,I thank you sir and wish you Godspeed
I wonder if @realDonaldTrump knows that he can contribute to their salaries by simply paying his taxes!
Yes, I love it, we have black History MONTH, one day for the police is very smart.
John Lewis walked with giants but never became one he road th coat sleeves of great men to  become a career politician
did he actually say something positive?  dang
@7777LYN7777 
won't let me tweet it! Trump sends his appreciation to Our Peace Officers who put their lives at risk!
thank you President Tru.p
I love muslims
thank you for saying so from a #PoliceMom and #USMCMoM I feel confident WE will #MAGA
Nobody works 24/7/365, they would die of sleep deprivation long before then.

just need a 1 an 8 and a 9 then bingo!
...
hopefully the police will get the respect they deserve with a real leader not a divider like the one we have
Intelligence Community should have been included. Disgraceful to ever comment on these Agencies negatively. Praise always!
if by protect and serve you mean harass belittle and humiliate, you would be right about the NAZI gangbangers with badges
Blue Lives Matter!!!#selflessmen&women protecting us everyday, my family and community support their service and dedication
We are praying for your safety. You are doing God's work. Be safe, Be well. Come home each night to your families.
not exactly something you'd hear that idiot Obama say, now is t? #MAGA #winningalready #MSMisfakenews #bluelivesmatter
@AlPefley your a real joke Trump
sir are you the antichrist?
love it,buddyTrump always supporting military &law enforment,but fuck&fight anyone destroying y or ,balls
@Trump4Hope We Just need some honest leadership at the TOP.  THANK YOU DONALD TRUMP AND MIKE PENCE!
.@realDonaldTrump @GeorgeMee For the first time in 8 long yrs our police & military personnel/vets know their leader truly cares about them
Thank You n God Bless us All. We the people stand with you President Trump.
اشاشااساشتش
Chicago police has my FULL SUPPORT. I'll cover them WHATEVER THEY DO - esp. with unarmed blacks. https://www.yahoo.com/news/doj-release-report-chicago-police-abuses-062249940.html …
#love you
my family are retired law enforcement and military reserved. The hate you spread re autism is going to ruin my nephews.

i forget, when did u serve in the military?
good to see a president who appreciates our law enforcement
.@realDonaldTrump @pkrisci Simply, How Refreshing after 8 years of the Hater-in-Chief.
Amen! Time for the USA  to shine again and return to some law and order normalcy! Bye bye PC!
Does this include the intelligence community that you’re unfairly attacked? Very unfair.
Well fuck you, you communist bastard!
@KLM_UK did you protect my brothers luggage? Where is it now? You said JFK but still don't have it
@deepcow you have never heard Obama utter those words. Thank you Mr. Trump for giving credit where credit is due.
No mention of your Intel Agencies? Why would you not include them? You and us  put their lives in danger everyday! Respect!
Thank You for supporting Law Enforcement. Have not seen that in 8 years
this is so ingenious, you have never and never will care about anyone who can't make you money or move your agenda.
AMEN YES~!
Don't even pretend you care. You sicken me.
you're not half the man John Lewis is, the man has done more for people and civil rights than you have. Draft dodger.
No thank you.....
...just add the picture with the one black guy,huh?

God Bless our great nation
Support our local police. Give them the training to deal with the street thugs. Video every action.
PHONY!
They are all great and appreciated.  Blue light on my porch light showing support.
Mr. President, what is your favorite bible verse and why?
My son Louie Panagoplos, a detective in the Upper Darby, PA police dept fully supports you and your beliefs in Making America Strong again.
My husband is a retired policeman.
Agreed. Thank you, law enforcement, for protecting people who are ungrateful. #BlueLivesMatter
ironic post, since we need them to protect us from you, your appointees and your plans to gut protections.
I support the This Blue Line!! LOVE to you all!! Tribute!!
keep up the good work,there are a lot of hard working people behind you.im one of them
congrats on your election as President its God's will #keep##genocide#Nigeria#terror#Fulani herdsmen
Agreed
@bbusa617 / AMEN !!
Who do you think is the best comedy team? ME? I think it's your parents....they made the biggest joke!
Mitch McConnell uglies Man alive  from Kentucky loves  is  White  Hood when he goes a night with the torch and across tru/t
Thank God January 20th soon! #MAGA #BlueLivesMatter
we need to recall a replay trump is team and his family like any normal company recalls A  product not fit for the Mark
Thank You for Your Respect for ALL Our Men and Women in Law Enforcement
Thank you for your Respect of ALL Our Men and Women in Law Enforcement @BossyCowgurl84
Stop pooping on ladies and get to work. America is weak and needs assistance. #maga2017 #Russia
Take your 19 followers and troll #Hillary ~Loser #AssHat @realDonaldTrump @BossyCowgurl84
Please #respect #Trump. He is not trolling #Hillary. #Russia #Motherland
Donald's we need to repeal and replace you your family and all the Republicans what a bunch idiots
@LindaSuhler Well Mr Trump stay sincere and don't make false promises, and you might achieve something others haven't.
