Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!...
@Fox.com. please get rid of anyone who was working with Obama in the White House.   Replace asap.  Keep up the good work.
You can't just say that the press is not honest You are on TV almost everyday you are having them come See you GET OUT
Please Stand by Kelleyanne She is being treated mean by the Liberals. We Love Keeleyanne.
Put a stop to bullying! Butterfly Me, by Evon Latrail .... avail @ amazon  
#evonlatrail #trending
@realDonaldTrump @ABC
A CBS  PUPPET--Geoengineering & its effects on our Planet & our Health w/ Dr. Steven Amato https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eINI9_zFf4&t=1005s …
Every time you open your mouth I vomit. Sad!
Why do you think everyone enjoys seeing your face? We don't.
good luck
me president I like the job u r doing
What the hell is it?
why are you talking to dishonest media?
I wish u would listen. U r not just the leader of your trolls.This mindset will b and is your downfall!


thnaks dude
arnold te mando a la chingada buey
Need to find and fire that creepy transcript leaker boss . Hope you do. #MAGA
when will the executive orders take effect? Were being penalized by IrS by unable to buy health insurance
maybe you can answer some actual questions - using your own brain
i watched it and found Muir evasive and with a one track mind. #disappointing   President Trump, you were great!
I am not watching you anywhere.
Thanks for the laughs! Loved hearing about your "sea of love". Pay them much?
ENJOY THIS!!  WHO CAN ENJOY YOU!!?? YUK!!
Didnot like the interview with David Muir.He was totally defiant and UNFAIR toyou! He would have been different w/Obam
@POTUS watch in horror at ridiculous display of insecurity
do you know what is 民怨？America will be divided by you
PROBABLY NOT ENJOY. UNLESS I EAT PIZZA WHILE WATCH. Not bullshit pizza. How eat shitty pizza? Make pizza great again.
America is not enjoying you Don.  We loath you for not respecting a womans right to choose.  We want u gone.
Have lost all respect for David Muir! Very biased reporting of preset Administration!
. Good interview. The press still hasn't figured you out. Still think they can trap you with gotcha ?s. Thx for @maga.
Great job President Trump @POTUS and I know your record will be better than this.
Amazing how left wing jaded wieners miss the point, we chose him, he won, accept or depart
wrf
Did you get your ten hours of hour and make-up to prepare?
Not watching!!
Not watching anything you have to say on tv! You, with the brain of 3rd grader can't tell me shit! #BLACKOUTtrump
Why not accept the interview with @billmaher.

#bringyourbirthcertificate
Be careful with these "Sold-Out" media people as they seek to ENSNARE you - and don't forget the "EDIT: things.
hope it goes well can we stop all the mean tweets I was very happy voting for you but starting to 2nd guess myself
more shit from your colonoscopy
We "enjoy" food. WORK on YOUR vocablary/word usage.
POTUS  sounded bat crap crazy.  Get some therapy before you take the entire govt down.  @alfranken help!!
I kind of threw up in my mouth, @ABC why didn't you interview the real #PresidentBannon?
have you tried Namenda yet? Maybe some Haldol?
should not give the bias media the time of day! They are disrespectful and try to twist your words
Your performance was pathetic. Sad! #Trumplethinskin  #lyinDon
Very profound interview.  Hope all will share your dream and enthusiasm and understand.
he showed the true colors of #MSM, NO respect for #45POTUS. You're  doing a GREAT job #MAGA & #MASA.
love be you President Trump!  Keep doing what you're doing!
there's a lot of other countries to live in...if you don't like America.
I watched it!  And you are BATSHIT CRAZY!
Somebody needs to tell this bumblefuck that this isn't an entertainment channel, it's real life!
poor David Muir
U praised fake news (Fox) while insulting any source that doesn't bow down to u. U r an embarrassment to US!
Rather clip my toenails Trumpy!
dear Trump BAN must be permanently,we at war,this is fucking America,LAW&Order,we r behind y 1000%,honor fallen's,

#lies
Awwww , bless his cold and flinty lil heart! He luffs being on TV
YOU REALLY ARE DONALD  DUCK
Impeach
Although Muir is a not a to our cause. Not impressed by his interview style
It was all over David Muir's face what he thought of you. I read the transcript, too. Laughable.Incoherent. R'ntUtired
Did you think your "protection" would cause such an uproar. Was this anticipated?
Be great. Not for some but for most.
I am very happy with all your decisions I am backing you up 100 percen
. You're the only one who enjoys. No one watches but your Connie. People are catching on to you!
reptile brain President!!!!!  Deal with facts, stop making them up!!!!! You embarrass the US on the world stage! SAD!
u schooled him! Real Americans first! Hooah
I turn the channel whenever I see your orange face.
enjoyed your interview!  Great job
Give them hell #Donald. He is the face of #fakenews #abc is a joke news agency
don't forget to tweet when you take a whizz!
heh heh heh you look like a pathetic, old man! Got any more old crowd pics, gramps? *yawn* #smallcrowdsmallpenis
whose is this again? New phone

Why would you do that?
enjoyed
Why would you subject yourself to these people that are clearly trying to set you up? Forever Trump!
Watching
Can't wait.
the world hates you! #fuckingwall #ResistTrump
Stop saying enjoy after everything. It's creepy.
It is so creepy that @POTUS says "Enjoy!", as if he just gave us a plate of spaghetti.
we KNOW there is voter fraud/ the Govnmt has an obligation to find out how many and to stop it going forward
I'd rather poke hot pokers in my eyes and ears. We hate you orangeboy
will watch
ok I'm sure your truth will stand out loud and clear.
you are not a legitimate president. Voter fraud and manipulation got you the job. illegitimate president you are
.@realDonaldTrump Boy oh boy did you talk about the inauguration crowd size a whole lot, hun. Are you going to be okay, Donald?
.@realDonaldTrump Angel, I know you're excited about being on television but you must see how very embarrassing that interview was.

yes sir Mr president I'll be with ears on.
never stop tweeting. I get all my breaking news updates from this Twitter feed. I even canceled my cable subscription.
lol...
I'd rather stare for an hour @HalfOnionInABag
ファック
massive crowd...sure..just not as massive as Obamas...all about size with you
He might be worried about his ratings. Is he covering a suffragette tomorrow?
howmuch of it did you tell them to cut because of your stupid answer
I don't watch @ABC but will tune in because you're on.
Pres Trump I would love to encourage you to meet with small entrepreneurs and inspire small business like u did unions
loved the interview, I pray for you everyday for Gods wisdom and protection, you are Gods Best
OH YAY!  BECAUSE I DON'T SEE YOUR FUCKING FACE ENOUGH ON EVERY FUCKING SCREEN I OWN.
I've lost my dinner 
I would, but there's a re-run of Matlock on Hallmark channel.
Oh HATER of WOMEN, fuck with our health care here or abroad and we will make your life miserable. COUNT ON IT.
Trump is so narcissistic and petty.  Who the F#%$k cares about crowd size? You're the pres don't embarrass  the USA!
you seriously just tweeted about this a second ago dude how senile are you @realDonaldTrump @ABC
you used it to repeat your crazy false voter fraud allegations. You are unfit.
the video clip is completely nuts.
this is fucking bonkers
Trump is like Scientology for Hillbillies
Very nice!! 
Thank you.
THANKS FOR ALLOWING AMERICANS LIKE ME TO EXPERIENCE YOUR SIX DAY FASCISM RETREAT! Can we end early?  Thanks!
you need history lesson,you the one who doesn't allow other to think differently big brother is communist democrats like you
your taking us yo hell in a hand basket. Your a wasted vote just like my vote for Bush was!
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump We all make mistakes.Dems are not your enemy.We all suffer with Trump.Join in the fight @ACLU
Dems aren't the enemy.  Between our two parties, they're the saviors.
Agreed. Even stronger united with those who regret voting Trump.
you already delivered on everything you promised, you should leave on top & go back to enjoying your great life
He's done more in a few days than Obama in two terms
So true. They can't deal with a POTUS that does what he said he would & doesn't look/act like show dog
yes like attacking Hillary for her ties to Goldman Sachs & having Mexico pay for wall 
David, listen to yourself, this is getting tiring, you are grasping at straws, give it up, you libtards lost, deal with it.
we lost fair & square I never denied that and tweeted multiple times I hope he proves me wrong
Well, that reply I can appreciate, I'm not American but for your sake I hope your new potus does well for your sake and proves you wrong.
He is doing what he promised! Hasn't been a week. I'm happier! Obama did not fullfil his promises!
just enforce those immigration laws from 1907 already on the books. covers everything wrong!
That wasn't an interview, it was an embarrassment.
GAG

I really think they should have interviewed President Bannon #StopPresidentBannon
HILARIOUS! The world is LAUGHING AT YOU! 
Horrible interview, the horrible part was YOU
My mother was more of a man then you.
feo
You need speech lessons
It was terrible #fool
I think I just threw up a little. So ABC isn't fake news???
Brotherhood Organization of a terrorist organization was notified incited against you and support Clinton
keep it
yours was 1 million less than President Obama! Pathetic!
You looked like you should have been carted away from that ABC Interview to an Insane Asylum right after it finished.
there was nothing enjoyable about that interview. you are such an embarrassment to america
how did that work out for you?
A picture tells a story.
David Muir! Isn't he the same guy that channels Frank the lizard king during those mountain top meetings!?! @alternativefacts
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse
oh we enjoyed it alright...it showed how ignorant and unintelligent you are #impeachTrump
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
who cares. WE SEE YOU ORANGE  FOOL
made me vomit
Why him. No one watches @ABC news.
are there subtitles for this?  Doesn't seem to be in coherent English....
worst interview ever!!!!! Obama got mor audience for his first interview. Loser!
horrible ratings! #efftrump #dumptrump
we don't enjoy anything you do.
nuestra patria es grande, no lo olvide.
Yay @realDonaldTrump! We get to listen to you talk about yourself again!
fix it then i suggest to the world to give him a chance. God, he barely passed a year and everyone is hating on him.
yes it was astounding listening to your lies
I'm sure it was riveting.
Turned off the news rather than hear your whiny voice
Mr President. @EPN sent you a clear message about who will pay the wall. He also cancelled the visit.
