Here’s your buddy, #RoyMoore.
They apparently share an interest 
Yep, Trump even a bit more sickening w all the sexual comments he made on interviews regarding his own dgt.
That's what Trump and Republicans are. Just a white American version of Taliban terrorists. Same shitty males, with same shitty attitude towards women and girls. They treat their own daughters like a prized cattle they can offer as a reward for political position and money. Evil.
You mean ROY Moore the sexual predator who sexually assaulted minor girls? You think he’s a great guy? Clarifying for THE RECORD
Wow, that was a far and balanced indictment of Roy Moore! You did it so fast, and all on your own #armchairjudgeandjury
do you mean “fair”?  Geez 
I just looked at her TL. She's one of those conspiracy-theory-loving psychotic wing-nuts.
Good for you! I'm usually accused of being a Russian bot! 
Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic rape. He will help to... wait what?
Of course Trump LOVES the rapist, the pedophile... what an ass
Two of a kind, they are.
tried to molest 4 women https://news.vice.com/story/alabamas-roy-moore-accused-of-molesting-14-year-old-girl?utm_source=vicenewstwitter … birds of a feather maga together
excuse me - 4 - 14 year old girls -
Don’t exaggerate. I think only one was 14 the others were 17
Another fifteen-at-the-time came forward today.


Is this a legit cover?!  Crossing fingers...
The Assaulter in Chief is backing a pedophile!   Shocking!  Are we great yet?

Roy Moore: "I don’t remember ever dating any girl without the permission of her mother" http://hill.cm/rPZx3ut  
He won't read. He thinks it's fake news.

Perverts gotta perve.
By MAGA do you mean molest all girls (under) age?
#PervsofaFeather
UH NO! But I guess we are not surprised since you think “locker room” bragging about sexual assault 3 wives and 3 baby mamas is no big deal But it does not make america great. You do not make America great. You are a global embarrassment so is Roy Moore!
MAGA: More Assholes Groping Again...we can see why you like him so much.
compare notes on the approaches you take to underage girls?? #MAGA

Moore may talk like a great guy but he's bigoted loon who will only drag America down.
Just like u Trumpy
Oh u r such an incredible judge of character- starting with your mentor and now your election leadership as they face well deserved prison sentences - release ur taxes to PROVE u aren’t owned by Russia
@POTUS admitted to going back stage at beauty pageants #peepingdon
Pervs Gotta Perv #2545NOW
Omg! You are disgusting
And, right there, is your kiss of death (get the tic-tacs ready) for Roy Moore.
Let's all say it together: "Everything tЯump touches, dies."
Nice!!!!
What is wrong with you? How can you support this flotsam? When do you ever chose the decent person who fights for America’s rtights versus an alleged pedophile? This Presidency is so shameful & indecent.
#MoronDon
the #GOP is now, officially, the #PedoParty. congrats....
Clinton started ....duh
you're a misinformed person. i feel sorry for you
I wonder if he knows anyone that could pee on you? #ResignNow

HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa...

(pause to catch breath)

HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa...
Roy Moore Mall permission slips no longer accepted @FEC BOLD COLOR VOTERS kicked him to the Birther Propagandist Trump Apprentice Pravda Presidency @HUDgov doorstep .. @SenWarren reads CORETTA Scott King letter aloud leaving @WhiteHouse with a OBAMA AG .. Sessions should RESIGN
Merry Christmas @SallyQYates Merry Christmas @AmbRice44 Merry Christmas Comey Merry Christmas unmasked CONVICTED former @WHNSC FELON MIKE FLYNN for testifying under oath POTUS Trump @VP ... ignorance of the law is no excuse.. Mens Rea 50yrs later servile puppy dogs ... @tedcruz
It’s really difficult to select my top five most idiotic tweets of 2017 from @realDonaldTrump, when you keep adding doozies like this one to the pile...
Birds of a feather.
#maga #RoyMooreChildMolester #americafirst
Hey! We got JOBS for your lil girls....@gop
#FridayFeelings #FlashbackFriday
Does #MAGA include being a pedophile now? Ive said this so many times but, how are you so consistently wrong about everything? You'd think you would get a win on accident occasionally.
So did you and Moore discuss your sexual assaults and bond?
The LOCKER ROOM TALK TOUR feat Roy Moore @SenateMajLdr never condemned @HouseGOP former Speaker Hastert serial molestation .. just shelved it and elected Birther Propagandist Trump Apprentice Pravda Presidency
he is a pedo donnie
Trump is a pedophile...so of course he is going to defend Roy Moore-a fellow pedophile. Did we learn nothing from the years of cover-ups of pedophilia in the Catholic church? Pedophiles stick together. Disgusting.
He must be rich since that is what makes people "good".  Trust Moore with your child?  #sad #trump #gop #2018
He sexually assaulted a minor...like you did.
Yeah? No surprise there!  perves of a feather stick together!
I'm just wondering how all the NRA daddies with big guns of 14 year old little girls feel about about a 32 year old man....molesting their little girls?  Care to comment?
its us from the future, he molests kids .....not so great. PS> RESIGN
Fellow rapists know

Make America Grope Again, presumably.
Funny!
Moore will not support you! You are flip flopping your support. Your endorsement means nothing anymore. I'm disappointed I voted for you!
then mark your calendars and join @RefuseFascism November 4. Find your city and share the world why you can accept trump no more
No thank you. I don’t support terrorist Antifa either!
here is an important article i think you should read
While I may be disappointed by voting for Trump what you are calling for is unconstitutional. He was elected for a four year term.
then im not sure if youre paying attention if none of what i send you was good enough
I don’t want to overthrow Trump. I’m just disappointed in his direction. He’s entitled to serve out his term Americans voted him in for
for all i can tell, he's only  going to get worse until he shrouds the nation into tyranny and you cant expect he'll ever let himself down
Joe'pedo as he's known by dems & republicans. Has been allowed to have his hands all over children right on camera and no one says a word. Even left wing NY TIMES REPORTER ASKES TWITTER TO SUPRESS joe'pedo photos. Who speaks or cares about these children liberals?
just wondering if 45 & @TeamMoore bragged about sexual conquests. One sexual predator to another!  Totally MAGA, y'all!  #FBR #LockHimUp #perverts
Disgusting predators
let’s not forget the hate speech this man also spews against the gay community, the muslim community, the jewish community, etc. he is more wicked than a pedophile. he is so much worse.
trump+ moore = 2 sexual molesters.  sad times for the United States 
did anyone expect him to be a decent man and condemn this guys behavior ha ha ha this is trumps support base racist and child molesters ha ha ha look what a pathetic man if you even wanna call him that you put in the white house god will punish all of you !


Make America Gag Again?
Damn those typos. You spelled "rape" "race." "Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic rape." You know what that's like, right, conman?
Oh, you mean the guy who “courted“ a 14-year-old girl when he was in his 30s?

Pedophilia anyone?
Of course, you'd endorse a pedophile. Hes your kind of guy
So you backed one candidate over another without speaking with both of them? Glad we can count on your for doing your research...lol
Locker room talk?!?   Did groping 14 year old girls come up??
What are you talking about?
What planet do you live on?
Earth, and you?
Then you should know exactly what I'm talking about   Keep playing dumb tho'
Actually I don’t, can you send link?  Ps, I’m not dumb.

neither Washington Post nor CBS are reliable news sources
Figures you’d get behind a pedophile. I’m sure you and Roy can swap whoppers in the Oval Office. When Jared goes to prison, you can share Ivanka with him.
Well what did you expect? A get together of sexual predators? Oh, uh hmmm....
Supporting L.Strange was never about backing a loser for President Trump but rather him showing loyalty for loyalty. Good that J.RMoore won!
Yeah. If he wins then we won’t just have a pedophile in the White House, we’ll have one in the Senate too!

Love Roy Moore!!
Wow our POTUS is total ass. If your a Democrat or against him and accusations of sexual harassment  RESIGN but a Conservative with same accusations, he's a great American. #ImpeachTrump
#MAGA?  Molest A Girl Again?  The Moore you ignore #RoyMoore, the more the #AccessHollywoodTape, female accusers, and "other stuff" are amplified. You can't hide forever. You can't stand tall?  #RoyMooreChildMolester #NoMoore #AccessHollywood #ImpeachTrump #Resist #TheResistance
Great Guy! LOVES teenaged girls! What a guy! #MAGA 
You really have a good read on people. 
This tweet isn't a recent response.  I am hopeful that common decency will prevail to show support for a woman who was preyed upon as a child.  I pray for this opportunity to "make us great " #Dotherightthing
Turns out this really great guy preyed on teens.
I am sure you believe a pedophile is a really great guy.
He sounds just like your kind of guy. You deserve each other. Enjoy.
You old geezers can get together and grab unwilling underage pussy together.  But it’s ok cuz it’s just locker room talk right?
Damn it dopey I told you to let me run things, go play with a ball of yarn or count your money, just shut up before you ruin what's left of this party #RoyMooreChildMolester
I read this tweet and think that it wasn’t the first time he spoke to Roy Moore.
Make America Gag Again

#maga
Morons Are Governing  America
#MAGA
#MAGAMueller
You sure can pick em! His crime a little too close to home for you 45? Soon
yep, really great guy, if you like pedophiles which I understand you do Trumpy
Did you exchange notes on child molestation?
#MAGA = Moore Assaults Girls in Alabama
That MAGA stuff ??     Will have to come after you're gone dotard
#ImpeachTrump
Predators sticking together.
He will maga like any sexual predator will maga. you and your ilk are doomed to fall, and fall so fu$king hard. The lack of moral authority you demonstrate is as despicable as the treason you’ve committed. #TrumpsASexPredator #Resign
This aged well.
Dear President Bone Spurs - How's it going with your new friend Roy Moore? You seem to have a great deal in common.

 
From pedophile to pedophile 45 and Moore hand in hand.
Roy Moore is a sexual predator.
You both like young girls. Guess that’s something to bond over.
Sex predators stick together.
Make Adolescent Girls Afraid?
@realDonaldTrump gives this man his full support & calls him a great guy who’ll help MAGA
Molest Another Girl in Alabama
How is that Roy Moore thing working out for you Mr. Trump? #AllTheBestPeople
From one pedophile to another. Creeps sticking together.
Figures you two would hit it off. Being you two are child-molesting, rapey birds of a feather, and all that.
Who's a pedophile? Who has displayed salacious behavior with at least 4 young women. I guess @realDonaldTrump is okay with it considering the court documentation of his rape of 13-14 year olds.
Roy Moore, #childfucker.
Are you talking about the Roy Moore who sexually assaulted 14 yr old girls?  Bad judgment! Sad.
Your brother from another mother?
Tick tock donnie
So did you guys compare Pedophile notes?

and now we know why you like him, he had eyes for a 16 year old
He's a crackpot, but he'll fit with the Morons Are Governing America crowd.
Remember how much fun you had doing this? Roy Moore will object. You know you need to keep doing it, too. Or...
Golly, gee. Please don't let him convince you, like the puppet you are, to criminalize homosexuality. I love being homosexual! It rocks.
So you like the freaks.
Do you still think Roy Moore  #RoyMooreChildMolester  of Alabama is a great guy?

You Realize That South Korea and North Korea Hates you Japan thinks you're a Buffoon and China is using Your weakness Flattery to Lull you to sleep While They put together Deals that favor them. 
You are so weak it ain't funny.
Sounds like a great guy? Are you kidding? He is more insane than you are, not easy btw. Your loser was horrible and the winner is worse.
Misogynists Ass Grabbing Again (MAGA)??  @B52Malmet @DearAuntCrabby @Chris_Meloni @sarahTRUMPMORON @cmclymer @_NotFakeNews_
Miniature not massive. Just saying. ;)
I assume y’all fingered some 12 year old together
Ugh why is this in my mentions :'(
Lol I think I replied to a retweet or something. My bad.
I'm totally with you, I just need to vomit at the mental image.
Does Roy know what day the bins go out?
September 26th, 2017: Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back & ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Nov!
He did help #MAGA by losing and showing that your support of a pedophile did not bring him across the finish line.
Do you ever wake up in the mornings and wonder who you are Sir or is that thought a never ending constant travelling with you!
Hahahaha #TiredofWinningYet.
Roy Moore *did* help to #MAGA!  He LOST to Doug Jones!  Now Alabama will have *REAL* representation in the US Senate!
MAGA on, it's killing you.
LOSER!
And he DID. He DID help make America great again... by losing to @GDouglasJones!



Yet another loss for you...now Donny Jr. gets grilled tomorrow!
LOSER


Just to be absolutely clear,

The Republican Party has formally endorsed a candidate for Senate who believes the country was better off…
MAGA: Men Assaulting Girls Again. That's Moore's new slogan. Catchy, amiright?
.@realDonaldTrump So now you like sexual predators? What about this:
Sexting Pervert @anthonyweiner has returned to twitter. Parents of all underage girls should BLOCK him immediately!
Well, when will the Donald's accusers be taken seriously?
#MAGA with Roy Moore? I wish i liked you sense of humor, POTUS,  because this has to be a joke. Moore is bad for the USA.



Between Serial Sexual  PREDATOR @realDonaldTrump  in our White House & his  sidekick PEDOPHILE Roy Moore wanting to be part of Congress, they sure make America LOOK  SICK!
#MAGA ???
Here ya' go
Still supporting this sexual predator?  Did you let him join your sexual predator club?
MAGA = child rape?
Reads like endorsement of a pedophile to me. Well done, Mr. President.
Yeah, Alabama's Horndawg for Jesus, Judge Roy Moore, Makes Adolescent Girls Agree. #MAGA
Sexting?
Trump now also loves pedophiles. So we can add this to the list:
R sexual predators
Neo-nazis 
Putin & Duterte
Coal
Purple Heart recipients 
Ivanka

Hates:
D sexual predator
Elephants
Obama & Hillary Clinton
Clean air & water
POW's 
All of his other children
  of a feather...
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Thank you for confirming that #GOP actually stands for Greedy Old Pedophiles.
Why doesn't this comment surprise anyone. Admonishing Moore would force you to revisit your own sexual harassment of women. SHAME ON YOU mr. president
“Birds of a feather flock together” or rather Molesters.
how's this tweet aging? Sir.
seems you are afraid of MOORE
.SAD!
A great guy?  Well of course you would think that all abusers / pedophiles stick together right.  You make my skin crawl!!  It's Mueller Time to take out the trash.
You think a child molester is a great guy?????  Of course you do.
Pres trump: it's dangerous to take Moore's side. It simply means you justify your own sexual misconduct, assault, and rape. You should stay far away from him!
How’d that work out for you. 
Your man seems to be rather rapey there Donnie!  But then again, you seem to like that kind of thing.
Men 
Are 
Groping 
Again
Yeah he is just like you- a sexual predator. Only difference is he preys on children in addition to young women.
Disgusting.
He's such an astute judge of character
@AriMelber It was one asshole to another I guess. Can we expect better?
MAGA- making attorneys get attorneys 
@AriMelber Birds of a feather molest together.
Morons are Governing America
...smh....  of course you do.  You good 'ol boys stick together and have each other's backs no matter how badly you behave.  Shame on you.
So lying pedophiles will help make America great?? Well, he is your kind of guy: morally bankrupt. And that's s bankruptcy you can't buy your way out of.
Really, pedophiles don't bother you...not surprised...sexual predators...birds of a feather and all
What are your thoughts on Roy Moore, another sexual harasser just like you. How revolting
A kindred spirit, eh, Mr. President?
Message from a sexual abuser to another sexual abuser.
Sex offender's stick together

...so "MAGA" now stands for Molest Adolescent Girls Alot...?
Child rapists stick together.
Dumpie Trumpie has another 1 who is a "really great guy". If one is a sleazy character with a lack of morals that person will MAGA.
