While Hillary is receiving thank you (for nothing) notes at the @jimmyfallon show, you're the one visiting Vegas and Maria victims. Thank u!
Aww poor baby. Tossing paper towels at victims of a humanitarian crisis while avoiding hard hit areas must be hard work.
What do u get when u put all the Trump supporters together ?? A Full Set of Teeth !!
According to me, this tweet resembles this one from September 2011: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/109693836657295361 …
So this wasn't fake news you mean?!?!?
I can't believe you get this excited over such a story.
Doesn't take much for toddlers
Bah Bah sheep lemmings racists bible thumpers haters & greed most who’ve been fooled by your lies & deceptions support you-Dick-TicToc Truth
The quotes for "Trump" is code for IDIOT.
FAKENEWS
What will it take for you to understand that being president is not about you? It's about the American people. #FakePresident #Resign
Trump has done more good for this economy and the people in his short time than Obama did in 8 years.  He was the great divider in chief!
Enthusiastic morons!
32% approval
Its dropping fast
Actually going up, but ok
Lmao dream dream dream
Yep maybe one day he can aspire to reach 35.  What a joke DT is.
You know Puerto Rico is without power, right?
Clearly #FakeNews 
Steve Mnuchin Has Cost Taxpayers $800,000 For Travel On Military Planes
Then go tweet on his acct.  GET  LOST.
We miss you Obama
We miss you, Obama.
We miss you, Obama
We miss you, Obama
I'm not even American.
Still, We miss you, Obama.
It’s always about you, isn’t it?
Yas
Pakistan ==terristan
I can't help but feel there's a P.S.
trump voters obviously as dense as you are
All 7 of them!
We miss you Obama
I also wondered why I missed this issue of Time October 2nd!! #MAGA
You still don't get it do you? The Russian meddling a la FB & other Internet fake news sites had a very big influence on the Dem party.
You keep your promises! We love it!
Never thought I would say "American Refugees!" They are trying to escape Trump!
LOL!
But still #POTUSFNMORON
You’re making a story about your supporters into a story about you.

What an insult to them.
Oh Donald, When will you learn that trying to point out your successes just makes you look pathetic.
Wait, this is a good story?
The enthusiasm of Trump voters definitely is not a "good story"!
I thought the Washington Post is FAKE NEWS.  Which is it?
Apparently not 100% of the time!!! Even A Blind Squirrel finds A nut every now & then!!!
So now is that Fake News like you've tweeted? U told us not to believe them..So if u like the news, its real. If you disagree, they're Fake?
man-child is excited wow
FAKE NEWS!!!!!!! FAKE NEWS!!!!!!!!!
Please stop tweeting.
Bro. The libtards and dems hate you. Sorry, but F them. Fix America. They'll wake up hopefully 1 day and join the living.
Have you ever considered uniting the country instead of furthering the divide between dems and conservatives?
Fake news !
I don’t think it’s a good one
Let's talk about those voters.......
GREATEST PRESIDENT OF OUR LIFETIME
We are so blessed! #MAGA

Nice pic of the Democrats!
@lisaghall6162 you just opened up a hornets nest. Enjoy 
I thought they were "fake news" or is that only when it's uncomplimentary to you?

You mean Kenyan born
You know what’s worse than a Russian bot? A “Christian” bot.
You know what's worse than a "Christian" bot? A Russian "Christian" bot.

#roymoore #ChildMolester

Have a GREAT day, Chris.

I'm thankful for your ANAGRAM brilliance!

#MakeAnagramsGreatAgain
I foresaw truth, comrade!






Your memes just keep getting worse and worse.
bend the knee john
Why are you using quotation marks around your own name you complete pillock
He also just called the late night comics unfunny, but said "unfunny", as if he was being sarcastic about his own opinion. It's very confusing.
Oh God - I don't know what's worse, the malignant narcissism or the stupidity.
Wow. Did you *meet* Obama?  “corpsemen?” And the constant reverential self-referencing? “I..I...I...I” etc.
Obama is neither a narcissist nor stupid. So one up on the idiot you've got for a president now. 
Trump knows how many states there are. Obama? Not so much.
Dumb Obama cont...3. He claimed 10,000 people were killed in Kansas tornado (it was 12) 4. He thinks Marine Corps are called “corpse men”
Happy 1 year anniversary of the access Hollywood tape!
I still can't believe women voted for him after that came out. Shocking.
Hmmm, some women...
@washingtonpost Your entire Presidency is about ratings. That's all you give a shit about. You need to get your crap together. #Privateer
I love  this country and I will always respect it, my president, and my flag. I will stand to show my president the respect he deserves
Why did you put quotation marks around your own name? Do you even know what those are really for, dumb ass?
Miracles happen. 
I can't believe it, either. However, for entirely different reasons.
You mean the idiocy of Trump voters
That wasn't a good story.
I'm sure it's more like they talk about how you've dropped to a 32% approval rating. You suck as potus & a person.
One good story doesn't redeem @washingtonpost
I fondly remember the days when our Presidents were concerned with the country and not just making glowing headlines about themselves.
“Trump” = True Repugnant Undermining ‘Merica’s Presidency
What are you smoking again ? Crack ?

Didn’t you call them fake news?

But that's fake news according to you.  Can't be trusted 
Yep all 32% of them. Lowest approval rating in history. Impeach this warmonger.
Get a hardcopy and frame it 'cause we aren't likely to see another one.
God Bless President Trump
Not reading lying news, not listening for sure. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
I love our country, too. Please read every single publication you can THEN decide. Not asking u change ur beliefs just stay Fully informed!
Why can’t you focus on priorities like hurricane Nate instead of whether press is flattering you?  What about the country instead of you?


Yet the real majority - 74% say the country is headed in the wrong direction because of @WhiteHouse chaos & disorder. Sheesh!  @CNN @MSNBC
I can’t believe it’s not butter 

The election is over, stop reliving your glory days and DO YOUR FREAKING JOB.
Oh yes!! Never wavering!
thats for shure fake news
Dude!! Those people are brain washed & desperate to believe anything. Low expectations for a leader.
Finally!!!!!
Look at your "voters." Are they welcome at your clubs?
You need to step away not a bad man just not the right man
#yourestillasnowflake
Is @washingtonpost fake news or not? Make up your mind.
News is only good if it supports you? How out of touch can you be?
Lucky or "IT'S FAKE NEWS"!!!!...so sad

What happened in VEGAS WON'T STAY IN VEGAS! https://twitter.com/Vegas/status/916329773554655238 …
Take a good breath, you'll likely be under for awhile again, when they see what they've done.
#someonewaspaid
Whatever's in your favor, huh?
U will get all u want completed. USA Swamp California make sanctuary cit law. Waiting earthquake suck all illegals & liberals sucked in Ca.
tell them they are going to pay for the wall, then see how enthusiastic they are,
What, your 32%?
Oh So You're Happy Because It Says What You Want It To Say About Yourself?
It's actually about those who voted for him. So
I can't believe you still tweeting, but it goes to show the wonderful freedoms we enjoy in this country. Only in America
Why do you allow CNN and MSNBC to break the law everyday Defamation is a crime that your AG can go after them
Grahams printed Propaganda for years, Now Bezos follows in same fashion, WAPO will forever be remembered as the D.C. Mouthpiece, NOT NEWS.
The washington post only gives you good press when you do what the jews controlling all US media want! break they're hold on us!

Lol. A story about your base and what's wrong is good?
we don't like being lied to and fact ck.
Geez, you're such a weenie!!
Were they on crack when they wrote it???
Media might finally be seen that the backlashing is backfiring
Bwaaahaaahaaaa!!! Is the word "Narcissistic" written anywhere in that article? If not... #fakenews
That would be FAKE NEWS
I can't believe this is all you talk about. You'd think you have nothing better to do...weird.
Again, you twist the truth!
This news of 1st month of jobs losses in 7 years?
The enthusiasm of your hillbilly NASCAR watching supporters is not "positive" 
trump voters were enthusiastic during the campaign. However, now they see the real trump so his poll #s keep going down- 24% approve of him
Fake Story!
@FreedomChild3 @washingtonpost My best friend a diehard DT fan. He still supports but runs away when I try to talk issues.
Many of those enthusiastic supporters now have trouble dealing with their depression & disappointment along with guilt & responsibility.
So it was a good story about the voters..
Not you
Embarassing
They have many stories about you. They aren’t usually positive or negative they just report what you have been doing.
AND They have seen NOTHING YET. Wait UNTIL 2018 & 2020. This is going to B so MUCH FUN
I I I I I I. love your self centered vision of the world #asshat
Get over yourself!
If U start doing good things for ALL AMERICANS then you might get even more postive reviews by ALL News sources
When did you last apply some timely and meaningful attention to your duty of care concerning  #PuertoRico @realDonaldTrump @washingtonpost
Because they are real news.
Real news.

Great job President Trump!!! Keep up the good work :-)
you mean the 32% that still support you,
Hi
Fake story....for real...
And we are still here
The minions you mean?!?
They were merely covering the enthusiasm of filthy Nazis who voted for you. Big whoop Herr Fuhrer! (sarc). Man, could you be more pathetic?
Not sure that’s such a good story. Some of your voters are back in Charlottesville carrying their torches. Not much to be proud of.
yes
Can't believe the @potus is worrying whether people write about him or not. I want a REAL president. #fakepresident #trumpsabozo
Long over due
That’s not good when you have a couple thousand morons cheering for a moron.
Ps: being pres is not about getting a good story but doing good for ALL Americans!
Someone teach this guy the appropriate use of quotes.  After he's impeached tho.  Let's stay focused and take things one at a time
Is the WP not fake new anymore?
And why is your own name in quotation marks?
32% Aproval
so what good thing will you be involved in now...
Thanks to you Mr President the media have a job 
Doesn't matter ... let it go ... TAX & HEALTH CARE REFORM !
All those deplorables... who cares?
Actually, you didn't. Deeply delusional behaviors. Your approval rating is 32% You "won" at being the lowest-rated idiot in modern history.
It's surprising you'd get anything good except good riddance.
I can’t believe you have 40 million followers...and seem to get about 60 thousand likes for each ricockulous tweet your tiny hands sends out
Donald Trump's tweets are not news. His words are subjective not absolute truths.
Umm, campaign's over. http://Old.Fake.News .
Do you find that their stories are true when and only when they are favorable to your image?

Wait for it .......
It’s about time!
Every dotard has their day...
Blind ignorance.
Cult members are great aren't they
Nobody cares but you and your idiot voters.
And by enthusiasm do you mean blindly following you and never being critical of you?
This is why you need to start a scrapbook...
I owe you an apology, I voted for Hillary.  You have shown me I was wrong, you have all my support sir
Donald Trump always talks about fake news. Then, Why has most of your cabinet is fired or Resigning
32% and Dropping!  #TrumpIsAMoron
Vs the No Shows on the embarrassing circuit for @HillaryClinton who had to b tossed in the Scooby van
You should follow @Trump_Regrets. It'll be fun for you.
Vomit
