At the rate the Left is going, they will never win another presidential election. They're sunk! And they STILL can't figure out "What Happened." 
It all hinges around Voter Fraud....if GOP can remove that, they never will. If you can cheat and get 3 million fake votes, you can get more
We need a Voter Photo ID law!
Thank you for commitment to America, its safety and GREATNESS. What a blessing we've been given - a chance to clean up 8 long years of chaos and lawlessness!
Phoney
63 plus million Americans know it's all lies and FAKE NEWS. We haven't believed any of their crud for the last two years! #MAGA
The stupidity is so funny
How’s that russia story working out for democrats? Sure has been a very long investigation 
Cause he's so deep rooted it takes time. Lots to uncover. No worries prison will b the future soon
Haha keep believing it maybe it will become true
Liberals worship the demonic Soros.
45 is the anti christ
Well there is no FORCE greater to combat Fake News than the Strength and determination of the American Patriots led by President Trump!
Patriots? Hmmm against our constitution? Please....try again
MSM hates what it cannot control. It hates freedom, success, Patriotism, individuality, God. As all liberals do.
YES, THEY ARE WICKED, HATEFUL PEOPLE!!
The liberals are NUTS!!
Chump supporters are dumber than 
Trump, you are a pathological liar.
Hatred..lol This is what you eat, breath and sleep - #Hatred
@POTUS this cover says it all
You are in violation of your oath of office.  You are failing to defend the constitution and the First Amendment by continuing this.

you are the only one who intends to demean, denigrate and spread hatred, you fucking fool
70% of us think you're awful, as a person & a leader. Resign if you can't take the heat. #WATB
You reap what you sow, Donnie boy.
#FuckingMoron
You are such a try hard
Don't you have a golf game to run off to?
You bring it on yourself and you love it, it feeds your ego. So shut the fuck up you dimentia riddled puddle of filth. #25thamendment
#dimentiapotus #FreedomOfThePress #shallnotbeinfringed #wordsaregreaterthanguns
Can't wait to see you in prison, traitor! No more spending millions of taxpayers dollars on golf, ever again! #ImpeachTrump #TrumpIsAMoron
Such hatred - I’ll fight it with hatred. 

Said every leader that has self confidence /s.
You demean people every day. Tillerson, Kelly, McCain, Ryan, McConnell and Corker to name a few @TwitterSupport should close your account
WE HATE YOU - you're an evil degenerate man
Ask Tillerson why
American's are hurting and in danger. CA fires, Puerto Rico, Las Vegas, CHIP. Do your job or shut up and resign!
Hitler and the Nazis appropriated the term to weaken opposition to the regime, primarily “accusing” press of disseminating fake news
Trump you has such a false sense of how good you are.....which is really sad. You have done a horrible job most people see


You are Twitter Trump who demeans and denigrates with hatred every chance you get.  You are a bona fide BULLY; not presidential material.
Uhm, that’s what you do.
Me. President. Please pay attention to what’s vital to our country, ie:Korea, fires, hurricanes, PRico etc. Leave the broadcast media alone.
Mr. President rather. Should be able to edit tweets. Are you listening Twitter?
The Founding Fathers are shaking in their graveswhile the entire world is embarrassed for America 
Shut up you horrid little man!
Change the tape Trumpy. Boring.
The Nielsen ratings said NBC's Sunday Night Football was #1 last week and CBS' Thursday Night Football #2. Guess they're #FakeNews now too?
Thanks God U are here to spread peace, love and respect amongst people & fight against hate, division and public humiliation. We are saved..
LOLOLOLOLOLOL LOLOLOLOLOLOL 

Please tell me this is sarcasm! You hit every cliche in one tweet. Congrats!
The #MAGA movement is larger than Democrat party. We R winning the political conversation & action in America & they hate it! #AmericaFirst
So...will they only thing left standing be NASCAR and Fox News?

Cause that’s about all you got.
Dont forget Alex and Infowars - a fountain of truth. Please excuse that he smokes too much crack.
I hate that I can’t unsee that
Enjoy your NASCAR buddies!
They r much better that the racists, hypocritical, lying, feeling driven, shameful, unpatriotic, murdering, disgusting liberals/Dems! #MAGA
"The election of Donald Trump did not create the Left's HATE, it REVEALED it" How do the hate-spewing leftists live with themselves?! They're the largest hate group in American history!
You’re doodoo
we been knew
Please..I voted for you..but I’m begging you to stop caring what the drive by media spews. Our 1A means gov cannot stop speech, Good or bad.
You voted for this creature? Now go and own the disaster he created in your name. Calling others snowflakes? Now, who is the snowflakes begging who you voted?Don`t feel sorry for you at all.
U ARE TRASH
You're dumpster juice
Rough night huh? You appeared on a fake news outlet last night while trying to take away 1st Amendment rights. You're a fake President.
@maddow You are projecting. They are exposing your corruption.
#FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron
California is on fire & all you can do is whine about yourself. PATHETIC. #2545
You create the hate!
You’re the one who set the tone. Maybe YOU could try being truthful?
Don't like the way the media are treating you? You knew what you were signing up for.
Give up.  Your mind is slipping.  You can’t find your limo right in front of you.  You dont’t know that you didn’t sigh the EO.  Resign.
Who!!!!  That would be you!
P .Trump ONE OF THE GREAT ONE
we learn from the president
They aren’t going all out.  They don’t have to, you make it so easy.  I mean you don’t even know who the Pres of USVI is. #sad #moron #USVI
Demean & denigrate is what you are doing to the country!
You're a vindictive egotistical orange sponge with one agenda - kill Obama's legacy
Gee, I wonder who they learned that from?
I could say the same about you. And I'd be right. #FakePresident

Allepo moment? Real presidents would know the USvi means United States. Shameful in every way possible, daily. Embarrassing
Bahahaha! 

Pot meet kettle
We love you President Trump!!!
You are a traitor to the office. You swore to uphold and defend the constitution and now you want to destroy free speech. You should quit.
you spew more hatred than anyone else, with your constant divisive tweets, shame on you, as a POTUS you should unify, not divide your people
Thier comming to take you away ha ha, ha ha, ha ha.....
Ah, are they being mean to you again? Well you knew what you were getting into.
"Boring, Sidney."
Yep, I HATE YOU!
Donald Trump, the fake president, is going all out in order to demean and denigrate!  Such hatred!!
If there is anyone who knows about demeaning of denigrating, it's you.
Respectfully speaking #POTUS .....Ahhh that's what you do. Btw Stop it
Everyone hates you
I can't believe you want your grandchildren in this world you are creating.
You make fake news, PRESIDENT OBAMA ,dutifully called every diers family, you wait until someone nags you to do the right thing.STOP GOLFING
Just met some Canadians who said they feel sorry for us with you as President, you disgrace us. So true, no FAKE NEWS.
U potus r the swamp itself
Hey dummy, all news could be classified as fake until proven true with crayons and pictures if we were just  children or acted as such.
You should look back on some of your tweets about the last President...if you understand what the word "hypocrisy" means.
Proud to be an American Englisher....
Agreed!
Well, you should be able to spot it better than anyone cause you sure can dish it out. What a putz you are. You can be fired, you know.25thA
Pardon pour cette intrusion éminent Président, mais nous souhaiterions la vérité, toute la vérité et rien que la vérité ;
How dare they cop your steez like that?
Yeah, we all hate you.
You do kinda make it easy for them to do.
You are welcome to resign anytime

#45FAKEPRESIDENT
Have you seen your Ratings. A Disaster. Your polls show how America hates you. Only ur small tiny base likes you and they are Medicated

FREE MELANIA!! You know she's sick and embarrassed by you Donnie girl, and sexually frustrated too.
It all started with you being such a hater yourself
Listen, Trumplethinskin, Grow. A. Pair!  Not all of us agree with The Liddle’ Dotard of Covfefe.  Takes a faker to know a faker.
Everybody but FOX is reporting the same thing so who's obfuscating?  Uh FOX. DOTARD
During eight years you spent time criticizing and lying about President Obama but you can't stand when others are doing the same to you!
Demean & denigrate are all yours. The "fake" news is just making sure "we the people" know about it.
I know! Please stop tweeting it and tell your monkeys to stop peddling it all!
You are the HATRED!
You're sooooo full of it, it's ridiculous.
Yank their White house privileges
YOU GOT IT MR.BAILEY!
Yes the media is going to continue just praise them all lol and smile ... Thank you for the insurance and going taxes
You are fake news
You're correct. The majority of America...the true patriots...hate you.
You go out of your way to lie and destroy you mad you can't get a pass.
Is this fake?
not at all like you, right "Don the Con - the Lying Moron!"??
You got to stop tax payer money to the NFL. A total waste of time and most important our money. Just stop it.
Hmmmmm, perhaps the non existent “fake news” learned from you?
Mr. Trump stop describing ur Modus Operandi in ur Twitter attacks. Be Presidential.
Instead of attacking the news media on their reporting, sit down with them to an open interview.
You're a master of demeaning and denigrating those who don't agree with you.
No we just hate you. You are a liar , a thief and a sexual predator
"You wouldn’t have things like that happen, where you could say whatever comes to your head.”
You're a flatulent old fool.
#25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment
And what is it you do all day - exactly that.  Fake president
Stop vilifying any press that doesn’t kiss your ass or promote your pathetic agenda.


Sounds like you're describing yourself.
Resign you shameless traitor
Donnie John trump is going all out in order to demean & denigrate! Such hatred! #lookinmirror
Liar
You are the fake president! Moran!
Their doing an excellent job!
Hate is a cancer! It’s ignorance when you don’t know how life works! You have the best people & God, your all set!
Says the most offensive, uncaring and evil man on the planet.  Heil LSOSOTUS!
That is why I don't watch it. #Truth 
#LoveGod #HateSin
Who at NBC disagreed with trump? He claims to be a man of faith, so why does he speak vile words and hatred? He says "SUCH HATRED"
Hatred will only weaken the Dems, everybody can see that. We'll take new Republican converts all day. Not the McCain kind either.
The hate comes from you! You are NOT a Christian! Your heart is filled with hate for Obama, & any

It's like a KKK rally!  Sure, lots of hatred, but some really fine people there too
as only you would know!
We hate you
Talk about fake news. What about all the lies being told in the #lasvegasshooting. The public demands answers to what REALLY Happened.

We all hate you.
Donald, fake is everything about you even though you gild everything. Nothing about you and your Life is real.
Yes. We hate you. No, no one's going out of their way. All they have to do is quote you.
The mainstream media is already aligned with Fed Gov Swamp. They don’t practice journalism. Trump is unraveling this too cozy relationship.
I'm sure the world you live in is bright and colorful.
Please help me get FOX NEWS back! I won't  watch MSM any more. Tired of fake news! Please help me!
You reap what you sow
All Fox News does is spread misinformation and hate
You have earned their's and our contempt time and again. #Resign #25thAmendment
Did Kelly and staff prevent you from watching EMINEM rapping the truth about you? Did they sedate you? I try to watch every a.m. Real news!
You do a splendid job of that already. "Fake News" is not even necessary.
 shut up one second .
50 exec orders against 26 for Barack. Please go back to the tv show that's what you are good at.
I never watched it but I wouldn't say he was good at it. 
No, that would be you. You have promoted more hatred than anyone. You, 45, attempt to demean and denigrate anyone who disagrees with you.
Your Twitter is #FakeNews
@realDonaldTrump you just described exactly what you do daily. Go golfing Chump... Just go golfing
And Dont Forget To Tell The President Of The Virgin Islands Hello.....Hahahahahahhaaa!!!!!!!!
Donnie, all you do and all you instruct your spokespeople to do, is demean and denigrate. The hatred starts with you.
