@Taylor_162 
God Bless and Protect our President Donald J TRUMP. Congress get off your butts and get to work. Stand by our President 

Hi Elaine There is medication out there for "Trump Derangement Syndrome" I'll pray for you 
Pres @POTUS  
think about
Sheriff Joe Arpaio @RealSheriffJoe 
He PROVES that OBAMA Used a #FRAUD_Birth_Certificate 
https://youtu.be/jk3KRxTfkLM?t=29 …
Are you sure?
Yes
Mr Pres @POTUS please consider Nominating
Sherif Joe Arpaio @RealSheriffJoe
That man "bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI."
Trey Gowdy, please!
Trey Gowdy...
FBI never lost prestige or respect. You're just crying because he wouldn't lie for you, SIR.
can't wait to get Comey side of the story.. you know it's a whole different conversation. 45 lies Lies Lies....Insane
Thank you for your leadership,President Trump. We the ppl trust you to always do right by America! God bless you,your family & your admin
Wait, that's a joke. Rite???
Resign and bring honor and decency back to the White House!

Comey was a POLITICAL HACK who never should have been the FBI director period. It is time for advancement from INSIDE the FBI.
Agree but w caution.... It needs 2 b an unimpeachable person... FBI has its own US vs THEM outlook even w other LEO's . fiefdoms r dangerous
J. Edgar? Ivanka? Trump Uni? Krusty the Klown? ICP? Circle K? Exxon Mobile greeter? Jeffery Dahmer? Charles Manson? Tiffany? Melania? Eric?
How do you remember this names
My mind is full of margarine.
I bet it's just oozing to come out
@TGowdySC ... Would Be Excellent Leader of @FBI .. Loyal and Steel Balls against Adversity~ #yourhired
I DESPISE HIM THE CLINTONS AND OBAMA AND THEIR MINIONS FOR ALL OF THIS BS
I can only imagine the person you'll replace Comey with.They'll need to pledge loyalty to you alone before they get in. A mockery of justice
The hate, anger and bitterness within you...

What does Comey have on you?

I still cannot believe 62 million idiots voted for you. Shame.
Strangely? Twitter will not allow me to retweet this.
Oh, someone like #SterlingArcher from @FXNetworks? (Trump:"FXNetworks sounds official, hire this Archer!")
Hahaha!! That would be a terrible idea... Archer is much better as a field agent. Lana Kane would be the best one for the job.
Perhaps Mallory Archer would be a better fit politically… But @realDonaldTrump would never want a strong woman of her age either…
Exactly how we feel about you.
Sorely needed! And if this happens, criminals will go to jail! Any wonders why leftists are so hysterical that Comey's gotten the boot?
TRAITOR! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #trumpgate #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussia 

My daughter is 3 and tells more convincing lies then the @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump. Maybe thats cause shes smarter the angry orange man.
Lord help us all
You mean replaced with someone who will cover up your lies, scams , treason and guilty ass? #MAGA by resigning. You are a disgrace
Like you have for America? The health care that you promised wouldn't be what it is, that you still lie about. You have lost credibility
Romney won in 78% of the counties in 2012, but he lost the election by a bigger margin than Hillary just did. Counties don't count.
Trump won, definitely. By a razor-thin margin, but he won, and is president. But I don't have to like it (not that I liked Clinton either)
@Jbrock130 Sheriff Clarke
...a truly good man...and a fighter...would rather see trey gowdy on the supreme court....
TREY GOWDY PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!
You mean, someone who aligns with your false narrative... You are getting too comfortable for your own good. #ImpeachTrump
Let's get #TreyGowdy in there! That would definitely #DrainTheSwamp and #MAGA
Please sir, your one step closer #Pardonkrissaucier #imbeggingforthisfamily #lethimgohome #comeyisgonenowletkrisgo
Hopefully the same thing will be said of you. We need the honor of the Presidency restored.  #kremlingate
Comey will be replaced by someone who won't investigate you & your cronies, you mean? #IndependentInvestigation #independentcounsel #Russia
Who will bring back the spirit & prestige of the presidency?
Trust me, I know from personal experience. @FBI protects the corrupt status quo from you & I, NOT you and I from crime, etc. @JudicialWatch
If Sec of State @HillaryClinton wouldnt have been sending & receiving National Intel on illegal Civilian server We wouldnt have this problem
Gowdy is definitely the man for the job.
You know it.
I know it.
Everybody knows it.
Thank you Mr President. We are so honored to finally have a President who puts America and her people first. You are a Godsend for sure!
President Trump please do as you promised and bring our daughter's murderer out of Venezuela and bring Jesus Gerardo Salazar to justice
And Courage Objectivity Honesty Responsibility Sound judgment Integrity. #MAGA
Lesson to Trump ...your biggest flaw is running off at the mouth. You should have let Comey go w respect but you had to insult him & the FBI
You need to put John McCain in his place. He's a snitch and all others who are upset in the Republican party becuz you won.
Bravo well done
lies
Sounds great Donald! I hear the FBI really respects this guy...umm...Comey I think is his name. Maybe consider him?
@realDonaldTrump says #JamesComey is a 'nut job' and #KimJongUn is a 'smart cookie' #Trumpworld
I'm with you President Trump! I'm rooting for Mr. Trey Gowdy. He is a walking miracle and we need one. Please hire him for FBI Director.
Donald Trump will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and  Prestige of the USA.

Not McCabe and not the liberal Judge from Illinois.
Pick a Swamp monster" Let's drain the Swamp! Don't let anyone tell you who to pick! I like Trey Gowdy just suggestion Ha"
@POTUS  get Trey Gowdy or Sheriff David Clarke! They are Straight Shooters and Pristine in their Work ethics.With Gowdy we will see #Justice
No one gives a crap about who you fired, we care because you did it because he was going to out you. #coverup #trump=criminal
Not if you have a hand in the pickings. You bring nothing but shame and heartache. Are we great yet? not until you're out of that office.
I read that Comey's net worth is $11 million??? In part thanks to affiliation with the Clinton Foundation. If true, he should have resigned
Aren't a lot of ppl out there gonna throw away their reputations by pledging loyalty to an inept, wanna be dictator in the U.S., Cheeto!
Let me guess! You will appoint Jared and Ivanka as co-Directors of the FBI, right?
Please replace him with Trey Gowdy! He would be awesome
how about replacing yourself. You can bring back dignity and respect,to the office,of the President of the United States !!
Actually Donald, James Comey will be replaced by your stooge . That was the reason for firing him. The American people know this.
@rainnwilson
Sheriff David Clarke law enforcement
You'll put someone in there that swears loyalty to you and promises not to investigate you! You're more corrupt than all the others!
Trump supporters know the FBI needs a loyalist to policies to carry out the will of the voters, and of others that will someday understand!
I vote TREY GOWDY
"NO"on Mike Rogers 2 replace Comey. Rogers is a Dem. Obama loyalist disquised as a Republican. #Betrayal #MichiganKnows Nominate @TGowdySC
Please #MyPresident!!! @TGowdySC !!!!! 
And be loyal to you.
Trey Gowdy for new FBI Director!
Yeah, like u r doing after Obama. I hope u get the sarcasm as u say u have done PhD in it.
Drain the swamp Mr.President.
we love you and so proud of you!
I believe Trey Gowdy or Sheriff Clark would be great! Both will go after Hillary and for real justice.
Remember"LOCK HER UP! LOCK HER UP!"?He asked for the head of the FBI to tell him about a current investigation.Bill had 2 minutes W/Lynch
HRC has left the country. Lol
Oh BTW the phrase "prime the pump" did not originate with you. When I was a young girl I literally had to prime the pump. Sicko!
Trey Gowdy?
Comey had more ethics in his little finger than you have in your whole, gross body.  The ratings will be high for your impeachment.

NOT!
Please rename the J Edgar Hoover building.
@POTUS  My #FBI Special Agent uncle sat up in his grave, to heartily clap for you, Mr. President! #LadyJustice
Ideal version of your tweet: "I should be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the US"
@doedeer1664 donald trump YOU TRIED STARTING SHIT IN THE FBI IT WON'T WORK THEY ARE FOR THE PEOPLE & USA UNLIKE YOU ,YOU COULDN'T BUY THEM
I'll give it a try....
America remembers Obama appointed Comey! I have every confidence you will appoint someone who is working 4 Justice & America!
All we need is someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the presidency. #trumprussia #notmypresident
Mr trump, you have my support, but Please have a re think on your proposal for the culling of alaskan bears and their cubs
How about Sheriff David Clarke! He has a lot of law enforcement experience, is a man of honor and has an impeccable record.
You are a shame for the world @realDonaldTrump
You are delusional if you think anything you do will gain you ANY support from the rank and file of the FBI!
Not if you appoint them! We need you to just stop! You have lost credibility. You are under investigation.
willing to step up to the plate and make the honorable badge shine as it should.  One of our highest respected agencies.
go and eat your two scoops of ice cream ....
Keep up the good we . please push forward,to get America back on track. Safe,strong, &clean the swamp
You are the worst president. What you have done to this country is an embarrassment
And when you are impeached, that should bring back the spirit and prestige of this country.
Thank you Mr President~We are so tired of DC's status quo political tirade of corruption & lies~McCabe needs to be replaced to~God Bless You
You will select a Puppet like you are for Hypocrite Putin!
Resist!
Humiliate!
Impeach!
Our so called President.
That won't happen if you appoint Rogers. Many are asking that you appoint Goudy.

Trey Gowdy...Mr. President! He will bring honor and integrity back to the Bureau!
messing the us...stupid act
By someone u hope will make #TrumpRussiaCollusion go away. It isn't! Truth WILL come out! U WILL be #ImpeachTrump #ComeyFiring #Trumprussia
 My President!
What have you got - exhume J Edgar and shove a few million volts through him? Obnoxious rascist organization ...always was
You lie a lot so I  don't believe you.
cannot wait to see interview with Lester..should be a good laugh !
FAKE PRESIDENT  FAKE PRESIDENT FAKE PRESIDENT  FAKE PRESIDENT FAKE PRESIDENT
#DearMrPresident @NBCNews
Liar, Crook, Traitor, Felon
@POTUS: Public Enemy #1
@realDonaldTrump, You're Fired!

#TheResistance #ResistTrump

If so McCabe certainly has no chance. He should be fired too.
And who will replace you to bring back spirit, prestige and INTEGRITY  to the White House?
With everything you do & every tweet you send, you show yourself as more & more Guilty. Innocent people don't act that way.
With everything you do & every tweet you send, you show yourself as more & more Guilty. Innocent people don't act that way
I look forward to your post-President days when you and your business will wither away.  Go retire in Russia.
So you won't allow WH or US news people into your meeting in Oval Office with Russians, they take pictures & post them...
The army of tweeter bot accounts programmed to spew nasty one liners is all the left has got, they will have a robot run for office too.
@TGowdySC  #whenJupiterAlignsWithMars
I love #mypersident #DonaldTrump should appoint via executive order someine who will investigate the #CorrkedHillary Clinton Foundation
Comey was a tool and a political figure which should have gotten him fired already before. Then he did not indict hillabeast, abedin, BAD!
I'm kind of back on Trump train but leave Syria and Assad alone . Assad did not use poison gas it was the terrorists that did it.
Get the BEST!
Someone who will stop investigating you, don't you mean? You are a facist despot! Drain the swamp? You & your administration are the swamp!
8====D @realDonaldTrump
I think your friend Frederick Douglass needs a job. Andrew Jackson who is a great guy is probably available as well. #dumbestpresidentever
President,Thank You for all you do. Jesus Loves you. Don't be Pawn for others who don't Love  you. The Holy Ghost will help you thru Jesus
Trey Gowdy! Trey Gowdy! Trey Gowdy! Trey Gowdy! Trey Gowdy! Trey Gowdy! Trey Gowdy! Trey Gowdy! Trey Gowdy! Trey Gowdy! Trey Gowdy! PLEASE
What is wrong with you?
Someone who will drop #TrumpRussiaInvestigation ? 
We The People will not stop until you are impeached. Coming soon!!! #impeachTrumpnow
Yep. By another one of your completely biased puppets!  Will he be Russian ???
If that's the case, congrats @toddmccomas on your new career
Firing a person while you are being investigated is a crime. You gave him cudos during your campaign. You need to be inpeached
More importantly, you will replace him with someone you can control. We all know your intentions. Your lies are transparent. #RESIGN
President Trump you made the right decision he was too wishy-washy
You need to be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the United States.
Lol
Can't wait for WikiLeaks to expose and have you replaced. Remember your Taxes, Taxes, Taxes? Low Approval Ratings continue to Go Down.
Sheriff Dave Clark true Constitutional Peace Officer true patriot. You should appoint him.
Looking forward to the day when you are replaced with someone who will do a far better job
@jandemsmommy trump will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the prestige of the President
I think you made a BIG MISTAKE by Replacing  F B I James comey. He has protected you and AMERICA. I feel you have been mislead.@dog09673452
@realDonaldTrump F.B.I James Comey has been a good working citizen for the Safety of You and Americans for many years. Please put this right
Ya mean like Rudy, or Jeannine Pirro? How about Judge Napolitano?  You said he's a talented lawyer!
ALL THREE OF THOSE CLOWNS DEAL IN THE BIG LIE.  IF YOU WANT A POLICE STATE IN THE USA, THERE ARE YOUR THREE STOOGES.
I trust you 100%. You have accomplished ten-fold in 100 days what Obama did in 8 yrs. You are a gift from God to the US!
Yeah, sure.
Likely someone with the first name Sergei. #ImpeachTrump
It's a damn shame we can't say the same thing for you....yet
We love u trump
Be brace

Your so sad.
You don't know me, but I'm extremely happy!
LOL, I'm glad you are.
And you will be replaced by someone who will be a better president.  Soon, I hope.
TREASON trump’s use of Russian hackers to widen his corruption is a CAPITAL PUNISHMENT CRIME
Is there ANYONE that drumpf actually trusts?  Anyone at all?
You will be replaced soon and the spirit and prestige of the United States Presidency will be restored. Get your affairs in order.
We’re all patiently waiting for the same thing to happen to your position Mr Prez.
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI....
