




Lol yup here's how much you helped.
This guy can do a better job!
You are such a vile, petty, small man.
Thank you Mr President
what a load of propaganda shit! How much of my hard earned tax dollars went into that big waste? #ImpeachTrump
I agree. You and your team have been magnificent. Thank you for giving ALL in their time of need. You are a GREAT President. Thank you!
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-threatened-to-kill-rape-accuser-if-she-reported-him-a7394846.html …
Here, have some paper towels

No Muthafucka could have done what tha fuck I’ve done fo' #PuertoRico wit so lil appreciation. I aint talkin' bout chicken n' gravy biatch.
I know that you did what need to be done at that time.
 There is a lady in the government that instigate, very leftist.
OMFG when the music comes on for Trump to emphasise how 'heroic' he is utterly ridiculous 
How needy is he..
Only #Moron45 would tweet that

#ImpeachTrumpNow
Your disability is so entrenched there is no reason to react, but I must. 
It's not about the workers. It's about the inept leadership
You, you, you, is that all you think cause that is all we hear!
I thought it was done with taxes and FEMA.
Thank you for being a real president for the people!
So U are so tired of all that work YOU did in PR that today you need to rest by golfing?hope I get to c the day your pants implode with .
again, how do you honestly believe that anyone but your ass kissers believe anything you say. LIAR!
Also a big thank you for the description of an island. Don’t know what we would do without you. #water #bigwater
follow the $$$ tell us where you put the $$$
Wow. Were you severely beat as a child? You need to feel you are the best & loved by everyone. Really? Seek professional help immediately.
I haven’t heard from my family or friends in 3 wks! They have no electric, water or food. You haven’t don’t shit but block all the help!
Wow. I didn't know you could fly a helicopter!!
Why are they still screaming for help then? #LIARInChief What kind of leader lets their personal vendettas prevent supplying aid? sick mo-fo
Well my dad could beat your dad up.  You’re a man child
Dude. You're the president. You shouldn't be doing things expecting a peace prize. You do it to protect the people you serve
Damn, Donny. I didn't know you knew how to fly helicopters and drop shit into ditches. #heckofajob
OMG I DESPISE YOU
- Really - No other President could have mobilized these services ?? What are you talking about Dork ??? Stop saying I -
Thank you Mr. President 
Pretty sure sponge bob could have done a better job
It's ok Mr. President.  As the saying goes, "No Good Deed Goes Unpunished".  We all know you did more for them than they deserve.  #KARMASUX
Well, they live in a hurricane area. One should be prepared...you screw yourself relying on the government
You screw yourself when you want to be a Commonwealth, have your own Constitution, and don't pay Federal taxes...So it should be my dime?
People who truly make a difference let their actions and others speak for them. Self-promotion is for those who seek to manipulate the facts

They're begging for water today and you're on the golf course.  Please spare me your pathetic attempts to stroke your ego. #ImpeachTrump
Whew! I thought they were being decapitated and he continued golfing like Obama did. Where's that lazy Mayor & union workers anyway?
“Treat people the way you like to be treated.”  Thats in your bio, right?  Hypocrite.
yes,I wouldn't treat PR citizens like the mayor did. She said all ok until CNN made her a shirt. & union workers wouldn't work. Foul
That’s not what I saw. I never saw her say everything was “ok”. She was asking for help from day 1
She's being charged with corruotion.
Nice unfounded accusation just because she exposes Trump for the useless POS that he is. Typical Trump supporter.
FBI is involved. Wake up. Why do you think Puerto Rico is in such ruins. Corruption.
That is an absolute lie ... 
Americans only.
And Pureto Ricans are not 'americans' ... right?!
I'm not talking about Puerto Rico.
This isnt P.R. you #MoronInChief
Oct. 11, 2017 - Puerto Rico's hurricane death toll rises to 45 @CNN http://cnn.it/2wNCTxN   @realDonaldTrump
Talk about FAKE NEWS, now The Post has let us know what you really did in your video. Cut out all the truth of the horrible things still on.
No, Sir. That's PEOPLE helping PEOPLE. They have nothing to do with you.
Look at me!  Look art me! I'm Donald Trump! Look at me.
Have you really done anything?
propaganda! Yes, we r helping & a hospital ship is serving 7 patients while many are dying in PR bc of drinking from streams to survive.
yeah - good job throwing paper towels to people who have no food and water, you narcissist
Let me fix that for you: Nobody WOULD have done what you've done TO #PuertoRico.
Yea tossing paper towles was hard work! Big achievement! Nobody could have done that!

Puerto Rico death toll at 45.
Gov says 2 recent deaths are believed to be from the bacterial infection Leptospirosis.https://www.cbsnews.com/news/puerto-rico-death-toll-rises-hurricane-maria/ …
Your Branded  a  LIAR ! _____ RESIGN, QUIT OR BE IMPEACHED ! ___ The World  does NOT want you with Uncle Sam
I’m sure the people of Puerto Rico would’ve sent you thank you emails if they had electricity
Wow this tweet aged well and it’s only been 3 hours!
All these ppl have 'learned'=Condem & bitch @ the US & she will do whatever is necessary 2 shut them up. Time 2 "just say NO"!!

Here are the disturbing numbers on Puerto Rico one month after Hurricane Maria http://ti.me/2gRnGFW 
Poor you
Just a reminder, you did nothing and are continuing to do nothing in regards to any humanitarian efforts for PR, paper towels not needed
No one could and would have done less in your position.
Me me me let’s talk about how awesome I am
REALLY? WHAT YOU'VE DONE? YOU THREW PAPER TOWELS AT PEOPLE! OUR MEN AND WOMEN ARE THE ONES WORKING. SIT BACK DOWN!
dee dee the clueless !
no Donald!nobody WOULD HAVE DONE what you did for Pujerto Rico!!!
My dog could have done more for Puerto Rico than you have.
Man of god are we?
You haven’t done enough for those US CITIZENS!
No points for this! Thousands remain at risk while you speak of ending assistance.
It isn't about Puerto Rico giving YOU appreciation. Its your job. Your the President of ALL the United States just not certain areas.
Look at what God has done for the people who continue to ignore His existence-it will all work out in your favor in the end.
Could you possibly stop worrying about sucking your own dick so much, and start worrying about doing your JOB? Maybe?
They don't even have cell phone service.
It's not about you or the appreciation you "deserve" for doing your job. Stop being so narcissistic and do your job!
What is Article 25?
Well, moving on... how can we blame the wild fires in CA on the Pres? Speaking the truth & being real is an oddity nowadays?!....weird!
Ya this is more @KellyannePolls #propaganda ; the West side of #PuertoRico still has no drinking water & not getting supplies.  #Fail #Sad
Actually many have done far more.
Thank you Mr President Trump !!!we  love u and pray for you and family covering you with the blood of Christjesus our saver 
We appreciate you - forget about the haters!
To repair a damaged infrastructure is far different than replacing the infrastructure from scratch. GO TRUMP give us your best....
We puertoricans truly appreciate your concern and assistance in this tragedy. Please don't let the CNN brainwashed citizens and leaders
Not true at all! You have done nothing but take away our health care and screw over our right to birth control! #NOTMYPOTUS
Those are Americans that YOU are  killing! Get on the ball and get them the help they desperately NEED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ah really are you kidding ? Those people are suffering and you do nothing but complain that you aren't appreciated. What kind of person are you ?  Take care of them they are CITIZENS no tha no a required you are the President that is your job.

Please Mr. President** find us an article ... or go on t.v. ON THE PHONE w/the Governor & tell us 90% of P.R. is not IN THE DARK! DOTARD!
Please, Bonnie Boden... why don't you go back to grade school.  PR was hit by TWO hurricanes. .. Duhhh...  Of course, you want to BLAME ...
And their electric was falling apart and the company corrupted. Now they blame us and want it all rebuilt.
#disgusting #patyourselfontheback #nobodyelsewill #WorstPresidentEver
We know that sir!
You are doing NOTHING for Puerto Rico.  You should be ashamed of yourself... if only you had a soul
How much have you done now?? Puerto Ricans are just curious

US Virgin Islands wondering too-Also looking for their President you talked too
Your not here to be appreciated.  Your here 2 work for the people and you have not done anything for us, only 4 yourself and your buddies.
You will go down as the worst president in history!
"Good" people don't do something good and expect praise. Maybe the fact that you're demanding people acknowledge you is why they're not.
@POTUS
If by "nobody," you mean anybody else on the fucking planet, then yes, you are correct. #donalddouchebag
if all ur craziness...n tweetg , actg like a child, throwg tantrums , bulling evry1, is sumthg 2 b proud of u did it
I can toss paper towels
@realDonaldTrump  are you kidding?  A 12-pack of paper towels.  Smh.  You’re delusional.
Done so much? It took over a week for you to find your socks & underwear My 2 yr old nephew could've gotten it together faster
NarcissistFck
US providing 200,000 meals/day when 2 million are needed. Feds admitting #failure. #PuertoRico
send food now, please.
Thankyou for helping us see the truth
pathetic, self-promotion.... You are their president... What the fuck do you think you were doing specisl
You are such a narcissistic piece of shit. All about u. Embarrassing!!

..hours throwing paper towels and taking selfies. Shame on you
You are the worst POTUS Throwing paper towels as if it was a joke, Mocking them. Where is your heart at??
you bump your head again?
that's bad.  very bad
You did so much. Those paper towels should solve all of their problems.
Where is the food for the people in the mountains?
@PressSec  OMG-edited out all of what's being done by CITIZENS of PR as well as where there is still huge need.  WHAT IS WRONG W YOU?!
stop sniffing glue.
Thank you President TRUMP for the help to
 PUERTO RICO .
Idiot
what an ass you have done nothing since you took office.. plus all you've done is spend more of the tax payers money then the last 2 potus'
We love you President Trump job well done!
Only an un-Christian person, would think that Spankie Trump, “job well done”. When most the island is still suffering. Thank U for proving U know absolutely nothing about the teachings of Jesus & what a TRUE Christian believes. But then U do support a FALSE Prophet & LIAR
Then why are they still needing help? Still dying? Lousy video.
Totally true! Nobody other than YOU could do an a$$hat job for #PuertoRico & deserve so little appreciation!
What's that? Made so many wait for aid? Killed so many? Made a mockery of so many?  These are US citizens you moron!

A GREAT LEADER knows _immediately what to do without anyone asking.
There is no appreciation for increase in unnecessary deaths.
#ResignNow!
R U 1 of the guys on the ground, the boats, or flying the 'copter? If none of the above YOU have done NOTHING! U.S. taxpayers $ not YOURS!

Yesterday, 84% of people in Puerto Rico had no power (per govt stats on status.pr).

Today, it's gone up, to 90% without power. 

You are the most hated person in the world.
For real
you say that like you went and helped, you have done by far the least you could do.
Because it’s all about you and not the victims
Are u kidding me u threw paper at them and u where not caring at all
Omg. U. R. Certifiably. Crazy.
Believe your own lies much?
What Americans do for Americans
good to see that is what makes America great us helping us lets do this on a scale that msnbc cant miss
So this wasn't all filmed in Puerto Rico. You lie in everything you do. Despicable, disrespectful & disgraceful. An embarrassment to the USA
"Nobody called today. She hung up when I asked her name."https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhrcmDFt02c …
#TrumpIsAFuckingMoron #DotardTwerp #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNOW
By some cruel heinous Cosmic joke, u became president of the USA. It is your duty and responsibility 2 send Aid.
Ur such a sad lil' child.
#FakeVideo. You left off where the CITIZENS of #PuertoRico are doing an outstanding job clearing the roads.
That is why i think politics is too rough. Too much mud is thrown even on good deeds. If you had a great life before politics, why join.
"I" "I" "I" that's your problem!! It's not about YOU!!! 
There's no "I" in TEAM WORK!! 
YOU ARE A NARCISSIST!!!!
@realDonaldTrump personal shipments are getting stolen before delivery, because they aren't getting necessities like water, food, batteries
That is what bungling looks like. Get a grown up to explain the chart to you. #PuertoRico
It's not about appreciation it's about doing the right thing
You ain't done nothing!  People there are starving!  This is your Katrina, only much, much worse! #TrumpYoureDrunk
U do realize that real people have connections in Puerto rico & that we all know how little you have done. U did attack them verbally though
You're so full of shit.... yourself... same thing.
Death toll is up to 45 now.. don't worry. They got the paper towels to clean up the mess. Thanks.
Wow. Narcissism at it's finest!  Didn't anyone teach you that when you help someone you don't brag about it after?!
Yeah right!
@MarcAnthony have you seen this?
Another example of Trump looking for praise.
Nothing. You did nothing.
Ya think so!? You're a puppet. A wanna be dictator. The divider in Cheif. Your support is plummeting below 30 %. Impeach!
You've done absolutely nothing to help Puerto Rico. Why is it that the US till have no power for almost an entire years. You compulsive liar...
