Saudi Arabia,Kuwait,Bahrain,UAE & Qatar accept 0 Refugees.Why? because there may be terrorists hidden amongst them.Yet Dems stop Ban Why???
It's simple Lucy, the Dems want to bring in more immigrants, make them dependent on the govt, this feeds their base. Bigger govt, more votes
That's probably more to the point. Hopefully the ban will go through, eventually & US citizens get ID cards.That should stop their nonsense?
Techinically we have id cards, State issued Drivers License & State ID.  But you have places like CA that issue Drivers License' to illegals
So that means illegals can vote in CA?
1)We have a law here called the "Motor Voter" and when you get your DL they automatically register you to vote...so yes, illegals do vote,
So technically Clinton only won the large popular vote in California because illegals were allowed to vote?
Yes! They said she won popular vote by 3 million but then we found over 3 million illegal votes, so her claim went out the window! lol
We love our @POTUS and first family.  God bless. Thanks for what your doing for us. Promises made. Promises kept! #MAGA
Israel & Saudi Arabia are in the Middle East!!! Please try not to embarrass the USA too much on this trip!!!
Huh what do u mean
Taquigrafie please. Business. Lucio g Ramos.
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp; Pope, t...
how come we don't get a lncreace in our social security?
Great job Mr President and First Lady   And the whole Trump Admin and secret service !!
لعنة الله عليك وعلى اسرائيل
Stay as long as you like!
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation
We're so glad that these three distinct regions, Saudi, Israel, and the Middle East, all received the President's attention.
Maybe you should abdicate and move there to help them.
They make big beautiful maps that identify all countries in the middle east. I suggest you look at one.
Yeah, #Ivanka was awkward as usual. Jared too!
I can't even bring peace to my own marriage, family, party, country or planet and now you want me to bring peace to the Middle East? 
Give peach a chance.
You're gonna bring so much peace, we're gonna get tired of peacing.
I'll be in prayer for the Pope. Maybe he can make you understand how important it is to love and care for the least among us.
Sorry, Saudi Arabia and Peace in the same tweet? You've got to be kidding me, surely you haven't succumb THIS low. 
YOU still don't know that Israel and Saudi Arabia are in the Middle East you embarrassing clown 
btw, we hear you're exhausted old man.
Go with God Pres Trump! May God bless you and keep you protected with his hedge of angels of righteousness! Good will always be victories!
Again, I'm still watching Brennan. Hush, please.
Good luck bring a lobotomy kit they all need one!  Brainwashing is winning! 
Lol.. such a childish tweet..
when will you be active on @Snapchat @Snap posting your teenage-stories?
Delete your account

You think he's against the constitution??? Wow. You people are burnt
I mean yes he most certainly is.
God Bless and God Speed...release the GCR/RV
Just say middle east. .tautology
Next stop, Rome! Then on to Italy!!! You're killing me 
Israel and Saudi Arabia are in the Middle East. FYI, the Vatican is located in Italy which is in Europe. It's a city state.
The impeachment issue must be really wearing you down. Maybe if you ask nicely, Hillary will fill in for you and do more than kiss butt
Heading to Pope?
come to manchesterrr? i wanna meet you <3
Thank you President Trump 
Your eventual impeachment will bring great joy to millions of Americans
This is not an intelligent statement! Let him do his work and judge him on the facts not your weak emotions!
the only one U R fooling is yourself! U can't unite dogs at the park, let alone the USA. U divided us with HATE! POS LOSER!
Low energy President, ur wife even hates u comrade
Be leery of the Pope literal "snake in the grass"
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSwamp
Yeah...while you're at it, pray the billions of dollars in arms he sold to Arabs don't kill thousands more innocent men, women and children.
You're trying hard to f*ck everything up. And, no one aboard AF1 knows anything about geography? Well, ask the pilots!
Heading to Pope?
wonder if he knows the pope is a person in the vatican...
Great, @realDonaldTrump ! Totally makes me forget all about RUSSIA & those taxes you said you'd show us. Keep on connin', old man!
Looks like the 'failing' NYT and 'failing' WashPost are kicking Trump’s ass all over town. Maybe they really weren’t failing after all?
Tough to figure out which political story to cover today–Trump cutting $800B from Medicaid or Trump obstructing justice with DNI, NSA & FBI
Trump talking to group in Israel - "We just got back from the Middle East."
Somebody please get this man an atlas … this is painful to watch
I was homeschooled in an isolationist fundamentalist community and *I* seem to know more about the world than this buffoon con-man!
You call him a con man. When he is winning but Obama and Hillary did to us.
Exactly what do you think he's winning at? 
The medal for the bigliest liar and the smallest hands. 
I'll agree to that!





I wish you could ask the Pope why he has a big wall around him? He should just take it down and let everyone in perhaps?
Israel and Saudi Arabia are IN the Middle East you complete & utter moron.
You're such an embarrassment to our country…
William says dumb stuff for attention cause if it wasnt for negative attention nobody would now who he is -A ISLAMIC HUGGING DEMOCRAT
Democrat is just a nice way of saying Anti-American, much like progressive/liberal = Godless America Hating Constitution burning Communist!!
Israel and Saudi Arabia are the Middle East, you utter buffoon.
We all love reading your temper tantrums. Please keep it up.
Sad our president is a blithering moron. Embarrassing.
There's not many morons that have achieved the level of success he has, but the ones that do mostly spend their time bitching on Twitter
Also not many morons who fell ass backwards into hundreds of millions of dollars but sure.
I think it was 1 million. Still alot of money though
And even that was a LOAN, which most people don't understand the difference b/t a loan and a gift lol
Lol this has been debunked pretty thoroughly but you idiots will believe everything he says won't you https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/03/03/trumps-false-claim-he-built-his-empire-with-a-small-loan-from-his-father/ …
Obama went as a candidate, why would he need to go back?
Going as President of USA not same as candidate. So world peace isn't a priority? Obama certainly didn't try to achieve that. Trump trying.
Trump doesn't even know where the hell he is at?  So much for world peace if he doesn't even know Saudi Arabia is in the Middle East!
Pls insult ur own side which shouldn't be hard to do.  The insults to POTUS R like mosquito bites Wish there was Twitter pesticide!
good luck on your speedy recovery from paralyzing old man low energy exhaustion!
At least he is tryig, you jerk
most of those who opposed Trump are people of shallow thought... H is right.
thank you Mr president on Jerusalem. God bless you.
What about Israel?  Lol.
Looks like you may be impeached by the time you get home...
 you haven't been right so far
Watergate took over two years.  Try to curb your instant gratification.
This account has been advocating trumps impeachment since he got in office. No evidence. It's like he wants him to do a crime
Hello? Anyone with a brain in there? Try branching out to unbiased news sources. Geezus
Is impeach_donald_trump your unbiased source? And why don't you show me any evidence trump did anything. Even left leaning outlets got zip
Treason is a damn good reason for impeachment. Obstruction of justice qualifies.
Not doing well.....SAD OLD SQUARE HAIRED MAN!!!
Thank you President Trump.  Safe travels.
Don't come back
This reads like a postcard from your summer vacation.  Sad.
Israel is working hard for peace. Are you a 5 year old kid?
You know of course that Israel and Saudi Arabia are in the Middle East, right?
You need to revisit your pre election rants!Peace was the ONLY thing you DIDNT say! Someone must have reminded you you're a 'president' now
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @BetsyDeVosED @VP @mike_pence @IvankaTrump @FLOTUS #goaway #impeachTrumpnow #notmypresident #whatishapping
So proud of you, you were wonderful there?
Yes, the first two are part of the third. So much for history you big orange buffoon
Wow, homage to 3 religions. Still living in Reagan era, the 80s. World has moved to 2017 though. Good luck America!
You should have your College degree taken away!
The one daddy bought him?
Translated: "We are gearing up for war with Iran and Syria."
Ostrey franmy frenty glayd hemp york, fardey gorlyth never surrendow. Any trade fromisty has temper... Gost respective impost? Traver glass!
cuck
I thought you were trying for lasting peach?
Buy a map, you bell end.
So they're great, like you're going to make America again? So that's what making America great again is, turning us into them?
Israel and Saudia Arabia are in the Middle East. I can send you a map if you'd like.
By banning Muslims from entering the country? You shitbird...
Peace! By selling arms to Saudi? I know your stupid but Jesus this level of cognitive dissonance requires invasive surgery.
Blah Blah Blah So phoney.
Hahahahahaha. This is @BetsyDeVosED education. #stupid #ignorance #ImpeachTrump
ease any of their or our pain for living. Just making it harder and harder to have a decent half way life, thanks to u and the SWAMP.  Dumb!
#DearMrPresident your every tweet gives me a colossal orgasm.
...camp counselors are kinda mean, though. #HomesickTrumpLetter
Israel and Saudia Arabia are in the Middle East. Where else were you?
Thank you for your leadership and service to our country Mr President
You'd get to use more space fo  "     "s  if you just knew the Middle East INCLUDES Israel & Saudi Arabia.
you do love those autocrats and dictators don't you?
LMAO!! He's so incompetent! OMG!!! This is hilarious. You know this is a meme and millions are mocking you right? #FakePresident
Arming Saudi Arabia. Do you not know they were responsible for 911? Time to step down. You dont have a clue what it is to be a president
Buffoon. #ImpeachTrumpPence
Mr. President you were amazing. Thank you for visit us we are tiny country from the north Israel until south in 3 hours God bless you. Amen
Okay.
Best ever Donnie....at least in your midget mind.
Israel & Saudi Arabia are in the Middle East last time I checked

what a @Flotus !
Geography lesson: Israel and Saudi Arabia are in the Middle East.
Israel and Saudi  Arabia are part of the Middle East. Did you see some of the Israelis laughing at You? Need geography  lesson.
You are doing great! Also heard Melania is a total hit!!! Thank you, Sir.
Make sure and embarrass us there. It's what you're good at.
That's great
Trump u can't run the White House or our government ! Please don't start thinking ur some kind of God ! Ughhhh u can't do anything right
stay the wise path our Mr.Pres,"give me six hours to chop down a tree and i will spend the first four sharpening the axe."  Abe Lincoln
"
Mr President, pls stay in the Paris accords.
You're an embarrassment. Are you too stupid to notice that you leave behind a path destruction, disappointment, and fear. #notmypresident
You are disgusting! Insulting everybody left and right
Did the ignorant Buffoon-in-Chiel visit Saudi Arabia and Israel BEFORE or AFTER he has visited the Middle East?
Israel and Saudi Arabia are in the Middle East genius!
I have contact with the core interests of the United States to reflect on you, please contact me. Thank you
Stop giving away our state secrets you stupid fuck.
Well, won't be greedy Jared working in it.  Get a pro.  Be transparent.  Divest.  Come clean.
You did great!
Is this really DT's twitter account? Sure this is a fake... no one is that stupid.
They are in the Middle East...numb nuts !!
All depends what you apprehend from word "PEACE"
You DT did a great job by doing arms agreement of billion dollars so that they can fight terrorism........
here are some guns! great way to promote peace. but at least you got your payday right?
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
Israel outside mid east !    Alternative facts fm this dumb Trump.
They are all in the Middle East you dim wit
Mr.President,with all due respect,in geopolitical terms Israel and Saudi Ar. are in the Middle E...I suggest you to visit Kissinger's house
Yeah its working Great! ! No signs of any attacks yet..........
Try to keep your hands off of women's pussies. You're doing to good to fuck it all up now!
Tell me you were hacked ?
Will send map so you know where Middle East is.
"Doing well." It's always about you. #unpresidented
If u r trying so hard for for world peace, u might want to rethink selling The Saudi's 110billion in arms! Just saying
AGAIN, HOW THE HELL DO YOU GET PEACE BY SELLING WEAPONS TO THE MIDDLE EAST?????
You suck fake President
Proud of u
Asking God Almighty to Pour out His Blessings of Wisdom and Grace and Protection on you and your Family & Team! We Love y'all! God Bless USA
Israel and Saudi Arabia ARE part of the Middle East. You are as geographically challenged as your fans are.
Hahahaha! That will be the day!!!
Praying for peace and for God to be with you and bless you and all the God loving people
@cnn @ msnbc @bbc shameful lack of coverage of TRUMP'S visit! While @FOX carries full coverage, FAKE NEWS MEDIA is dissing POTUS! Hateful!
Liberal lunatics LOST THE ELECTION!  Get over it! POTUS is making America GREAT AGAIN! Shameful, hateful coverage is NOT fooling voters!
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East? Did u ever take a geography class? Please run ur posts by some1 with an actual education first!
We know tweeting is getting difficult for you because your geography isn't as strong as your whining.
You might check map of Middle East.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QdDZJtmTQ0 …
When did Israel and Saudi Arabia split off from the Middle East?
Mouth is agape at absolute stupidity being iterated by leader of country.  Holding head at half staff.
Lmao. No comment
You still haven't learned basic geography? Our President is NOT smarter than 5th grader! SAD!
Grab her by the pussy. #neverforget
Donald Trump needs someone to proofread his tweets, before hitting that enter or send button. He is in the middle east and don't know it.
Peace ? #theneverendingwar
Nobody cares. Noticed your beloved failing FOX network is sinking along with you. The whole house of cards is collapsing. Thank goodness
I loved the sword dance, the Arabian people's loved and respected you also.  Thank you for your bravery and may the Lord Jesus Christ bless.
How about you protect the poor, sick, disabled , mentally ill & elderly instead of taking away help to give you greedy tax cuts & friends
@BarilRay ok ...and this is the reason why you sell bomb? Too quiet ...ok!!
Manchester?????
Israel, Saudia Arabia AND the Middle East? How can you be so incredibly stupid? Can't you even get it straight where you've been?
Very proud of you and the First Lady to represent our country. We are praying or you both.
Russian collusion is treason
Was it easy as you said to get Palestinians & Israelis to have peace? Big talker with no results. Did you "fix it"? @Lawrence @RBReich
