Happy Fathers Day to you SIR!
Fathers that have autistic kids

RT @WhiteHouse: Happy Father's Day! ...
says the expert on fatherhood. who's your wife again, melania or ivanka?

Majorities across parties say GOP/President Trump are responsible for any #ACA problems going forward
http://kaiserf.am/2tSpiV8  
From a man who has 5 kids by 3 women, whom he cheated on.  Great American family values.
Do you care about Tiffany? She's not as fuckable as Ivanka #FakePresident #PutinsPuppet
How many media clones are offending this nice and prosperous family of Trump! Some motivated by "click"-salary, some -simply by envy.
It's funny you're tweeting this. . .you're being a horrible father to this country.
This use to mean something.
He couldn't even give his own personal Father's Day message. He had to retweet something. Pathetic.
happy fathers day president trump
HAPPY FATHERS DAY
Never have i heard a bigger bunch of cry babies in my life Trump is president live with it and let's get behind him.
Happy Father's Day .My president Trump.
Shame of a father for teaching kids by example of corruption n lies
you too mr. donald, as well as don and eric,,, God Bless you in Christ Jesus.

Grab them by the turd!!

#
Happy birthday, Mr. President, jono
I hope you had a Happy Father's Day President Donald J. Trump, I am with you. Thank you.
As well to you Mr. President.
Even to you, LOSER.
I'd like to ask Baron if he wished you a Happy Father's Day... he probably calls you Mr. Trump, too (To your face, anyway).
Lol.
Did you actually see your youngest son on Father's Day? or did you just play more golf? Prob does him better to not actually hang w/you.
Sir!
You to Sit!
Get three wives and get three gifts. Trump is brilliant
WHAT would you know about being a FATHER?  You're the WORST FATHER IN THE WORLD ...... especially to your autistic son Baron!!!!
I hear Ivanka tweeted a loving Father's Day message to her husband Jared BUT NOT TO YOU, HER ACTUAL FATHER!!!    TOO FUNNY!!!!!! 
wow did you spend any time with your son Barron or were you watching TV and your reighn falling
Happy Fathers Day President Trump
From a guy with 5 kids from 3 wives, having fooled around on each previous wife with the next one. & you wonder why we miss PRESIDENT Obama.
Ya all these so called Christians probably don't even know anything about the bible
At least it's the truth, not what comes out of the WH
Thank you! But what about disabled people? Just look here:
Back at you sir, enjoy your day
OMFG, Seriously!!! You cannot even tweet happy fathers day, you can only retweet!!!!!
Nice.
Thank God that we have a President that backs our country and our Military. If not we would be under Russian rule and our freedoms gone.
Anyone else notice that Trump has not shared the his joys of fatherhood on this special day?
Even Melania had a very very short message.
happy fathers day to you Mr. President and also to your sons and son in law, have a great day, god bless you!
Such a warm and fuzzy twit - just like you
Congratulations
Happy Father's Day to my President

happy father day
I know that's your favorite font, but keep it out of The People's House. It's not another trump tower.
Happy de fête de père
You have raised the worst set of spoiled brats the world has ever seen you complete failure as a father.
Or is it because you couldn't fit all of your illegitimate kids' names into 140 characters?

Nah, it's the 1st reason.

#NotMyPresident
So who erased your nasty Fathers Day message: "Happy Fathers Day even if you are a hater or a loser." ???
That's a cute card.  Did Trump get that for Putin?
...to dads who don't sexualize their daughters, that is.
As if you knew how to cut and paste that on your tweet. Lol who helps you tweet?
As if y
Trump can't even offer a genuine tweet about Father's Day? All he could muster was a retweet? He is literally the worst human alive.
My father and husband - both lifelong Republicans - shudder at the thought of you wishing them a Happy Father's Day. You disgust them both.
I liked the first tweet b4 deleted & replaced "Happy Fathers Day, even to the haters and losers" better than this one. 
# Papa don't preach #
LOL
All fathers are special people
so go there instead of making us pay YUGELY for trips to FL & NJ. Or stay & work in the WH. YOU "wanted" to be President.
Thank God!
I'm so happy and thankful that the joke known as @realDonaldTrump is NOT my father
Happy Father's Day
yo you're kids barely even like you lmao
Can you create a Family Day to celebrate?  How about August 19th?  Canada already has a Family Day, why can't we?
How many of your kids - or their mothers - called you to tell you Happy Father's Day, #DumbDonald ?
i don't have one but thanks anyway
Ty
Happy Father's Day too you as well!!!
How's the golf course - many Presidents & dignitaries walked camp David grounds.  In addition, it's a secure place for your family to relax.
Happy Father's Day President Trump, my Dad would have liked you, he passed away in Jan of 2000, I miss him, God love you Sir!
#IllegitimatePOTUS #Investigate #impeach #LockHimUp #TrumpObstructed #Resist #ANTITRUMPMVMT #TheResistance #UniteBlue
Happy father's day to the guy who would rather play golf at his resort every weekend instead of seeing his kid...
Wow, a POS card from the #FakePotus who is leading America!  No personal or official message. What a lameass.
A retweet! That's original. Couldn't fuck that up too badly. I noticed Melania's message didn't even mention your name. RESIGN.
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY... PRESENT TRUMP..
Your father was named Frederick Drumpf and if I was a betting man would assume he was a Nazi.
Same 2 you sir!
To the most pitiful father on the planet. I actually feel sorry for the littlest one. The others? Too far gone.
Already saw your original back handed Father's Day post. Seriously, the isn't one damned drop of presidential liquid in your body.
The radical left are traitors, and the scum of the earth #pondsludge
You retweeted a message rather than doing your own? SAD to the MAX
Must be a confusing day for you....which family do you visit???
Gross
A retweet for Father's Day. How classy. You tweet when you shouldn't and don't when you should. Not like you're an involved Father, anyway.
Do not attack Russia! They R not the Enemy! ISIS & Obamas Generals are helping ISIS! NWO is starting War!


.@SenWhitehouse tells @wolfblitzer there is a ton of evidence Mike Flynn is a cooperating witness with the FBI. Wow.
Where's your daughter Tiffany?

Trump a real great president? NOT! HE ENJOYED FATHER'S DAY, yet DID NOT RESPONDED TO THE 7 FAMILIES that loss their LOVED 1's UNTIL 2DAY@420
What did your three baby mama's get you?
Obama's message got 1.2 M likes.  
You really WILL reach more people through press conferences.
A little LATE
*VOMIT*
Fred's dead buddy, Fred's dead.
from all the kids Trump has no clue he fathered
Looks like Melania has a baby bump! When is the blessed event expected?
To all the haters and losers?
@realDonaldTrump #OTTO has died Mr. President. Devastating news. No words. Except you brought him home. Thank you.
Thanks Mr President.
It might 'say' from the White House, but were you not on the golf course as per usual?
#absentfathet
A staffer's tweet.
He didn't post this. Posted about polls numbers--- that's the real 45

Thank you! (I am mom & dad lol) 
wish your father pulled out
Did all your children from all your different wives all celebrate your sperm donations? Please never procreate again.
People like U shouldn't be aloud to procreate + pass on degenerative genes. U make a special day turn very sour.
@realDonaldTrump thank you, best wishes. You are doing great!
A special Happy Father's Day to Otto's Dad! Pray for the whole family.
Did you wish Putin, your daddy, a Happy Fathers Day???
Hope you had an awesome Father's Day!! Thank you for all your hard work every day President Trump!!
Thank you, same to you
