RT @townhallcom: ABC, NBC, And CBS Pretty Much Bury IT Scandal Engulfing Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Office https://t.co/ ...
Pretty much? Please not a peep. But I'll bet Mr. Jeffrey Beauregard Sessions is paying attention. Uh oh I think someone's going to  prison
She needs to be Investigated
That's because it's a nothingburger.
The fact they refused to turn over the server, gave them a phony one, and denied or refused to admit it was downloaded and copied-..
Of course they do!  Go after her along with the other democraps!   What do they think they'll be left with? The Walking Dead!
Where can we go to follow this? Any alternative news sources out there that can be trusted?
Chirp, chirp......so sad.
They are far more cynical than that, come on now. Its easier to post pictures of the hate they stir. Its like an artist admiring his work.
How true.  As to the media depends on what party you are in
All these companies r probably funded or own by China
The full list of Democrats who paid the Awan family, and the payments amounts with timeline: http://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/dailycaller/awan/awanoffices.html …
I missed the part of the story where a #USMC vet helped to thwart corrupt Democrats #AwanBrothers #DemocratITScandal
You mean they didn't fall for shiny distractions like a TransMilitary Ban announced in Twitter?? But nice try though.

Man Up to His Neck in Shit Points at Someone Who's a Bit Grubby
USA  CITIZENS WILL VOTE OUT SCUM LIB OBSTRUCTIONIST TRAITOR SCHULTZ IN 2018! BYE BYE DEBBIE YOUR DISSERVICE TO USA ENDS
More of your toddler reasoning? It's ok that I did it, since she did it too. @POTUS #SCROTUS
I always though she was a horrible choice for DNC chair! It embarrassed me hearing her on the news shows, being an utter caricature!

She killed her party

3 Years, 5 Months, 24 Days, 4 Hours, 10 Minutes, and 19 Seconds
And then his second term starts!!! #POTUSTrump
Haha so true
@realDonaldTrump Quit deflecting with false information, and get to work! Or resign! #fake #fraud
You need to be in prison.
Yep they did.They keep saying that Americans had the right to know but they keep things from us all the time.Only what they want us to know.

Of Course we don't want to tell anyone about how bad the democrats have scammed this country and people still stand and fight for them "BAD"



except mocking the disabled person was debunked long ago.  When you create a villain it's easy to brainwash people.
Hey Vince.  I watched the video.  He makes that hand gesture as habit.  He did NOT single out the reporter for that.  And I am disabled
The left wing opposition party media can't handle the truth!
Go ahead, Von Clownstick. Keep trying to deflect and divert. But you, your SIL, your son and your daughter are all in Mueller's cross-hairs!
Who cares, she's not president you are.
Real Journalism is dead @ABC @NBCNews @CBSNews @CNN @MSNBC. Pathetically SAD
Small taters when compared to Russia owing the Fake President.
Maybe bc the President's collusion with Russia is a bigger story
You got to be kidding that story is old and over done I'm sick of hearing about it
What to expect from MSM? Complete disregard for the TRUTH! Of course they won't play something that won't push there agenda! #mediabias!!!
Where's the Outrage MSM?
Who has the time for real news when you have an agenda to push!?!
arf arf arf
Yes they did, were is Rosenstein? Seth Rich gave Wikileaks the DNC emails with the help of @KimDotcom . Everyone knows except #FakeNews

Dem mock you when you say the word conspire with regards to Seth Like there's no such thing But its ok though to infer it about the Russians
I want a mask just like the one that Wasserman Schultz wears.

Funny how all these libs post dumb memes instead of commenting on the actual story. Heads planted too tight in their asses to see the point.
It's because we understand it's just a distraction. The Russia story and RICO are important.
Really? 7 months and nothing on Russia. Go read on the Awan Bros. Everything is there.
Nothing on Russia/Trump campaign collusion.Except of course his son SAYING that he colluded with Russians government lawyers.
And dig into that Fusion GPS stuff too. Pull your head out of the sand and see that the collusion wasn't with Trump or the GOP.
What part of "Trump Jr. met with Russian govt. lawyers for dirt on HRC" you don't understand?
She isn't a Russian "Gov" lawyer dimwit. Works with same sketchy firm behind Trump dossier. You do understand that right?
They won't like this: https://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-raises-further-concerns-over-foreign-agent-registrationhttps://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-raises-further-concerns-over-foreign-agent-registration …


.
Please, note, NOT a private meeting w/no witnesses. Also, campaign was not influenced. And, Obama imposed $5Billion in oil sanctions...
.
Why would they report its not negative about Trump
Honest question, if you care about this, how can you not care about the endless corruption from Trump & team?
This fella was investigated found proof and THEN arrested. Trumps investigation has just begun, & already evidence of intent has been found

Yeah, that's a shame. Anyway, let's talk about your Russian ties.




DWS needs to n prison as another critter from the Quagmire Mess fiasco n DC. Americans & our ctry deserve more credible EO with integrity to represent our interest without conflict!
@RMaintainers of course. She's one of them
The Republicans are burying it too.
Shocking
Lock her up. Small fish to sacrifice as long as we get the megalo-DON @realDonaldTrump locked up before his term is up.
Sad
By the way.....George Webb is a Bernie Voter who Defends Obama, NOT a Right Wing anything! who is pursuing TRUTH
We won't bury it! #DWS is going to see justice in action! This is too big to let go!
Typical of them not to report the Democratic huge GAFS and indiscretions.
and "they" are trying to Block George Webb from entering Journalist's Motion to Intervene whereby they HAVE to allow evidence
Their silence on the story proves one major thing: IT'S TRUE! #ImranAwan
Sorry. We were busy with the ongoing Russia investigation of your president.
- good one !!brainwashed much?!?
*Lucy*
Actual picture of "Pam."

Please use English words instead of memes. I'm literate.
What happened Trumpster? Who's making up facts today that's got you in twitter rage? Who do you want to fire now?
Fire all democrats
That's the right idea one party that's the way forward
I like your way of thinking
But then again republicans have divisions among them too so there goes that idea
.@realDonaldTrump In all seriousness, @NBCNews and @washingtonpost were the first places I saw this story yesterday:
Cause you don't watch anything else ?
Um, the argument was that it wasn't on msm, but it was.
You don't get to choose which news is important, Mr. "President."
He sure the hell can !!!

A picture of our great president visiting Hillary in jail. What commission he hscfir gross sinners & fools
This morning on @FoxNews "@realDonaldTrump White House cabinet holding weekly bible study"God leads US again.
We need the truth and transparency




Well if they think he's making idiotic tweets then they should ignore and try covering other news for a second 
Well I can say the same to you considering the original tweet was about the Wasserman scandal and you take it straight to Trump tweets?
Did you have a comment about the media and the lack of coverage on THIS particular story? I'll wait. 
And what deems this phony in your eyes? I'm just a "deplorable" so I don't know how to decipher real vs fake. Not like amazing D.C. Elites
It's a shame that everyone wants to forget the Hillary scandals and go against a man outside the swamp who's trying his best to help the USA
Not even reporting it
They media arms of the dnc have no choice, they have to cover for their leaders
No worries... "we the people" know all about Debbie Wasserman Shultz & her crimes! #Justice
Well of course just like with Hilary
Bury her and her boss
drain the swamp (debbie)
#Pedophilia is a killer
I want debbie Eastman Schultz investigated as soon as possible. Smells like bribe money.
She should be put in jail.
The DOJ should appointment a special prospector to look in to her dealings and include Hillary and Loretta Lynch.
Not a conservative but must agree was buried. Although not a huge story but should not have been dismissed
Maybe it will be a story when she's behind bars. Shhhhh don't tell anybody.
And this should surprise you how?
It was on CNN so why the claim it was buried. Just you spreading falsehoods about the " fake news" again, Donald.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz's IT story needs to be explored and aired publicly. The facts need to be known by the public and FBI.
Fake News and DNC colluding to bring you down.. Time to investigate collusion between DNC and Fusion GPS and Russians. Need special prosecut
love how people use homophobic slurs like it's okay, yet the minute I call @CNN out for being cock holsters to child molesters, it's (cont)
offensive and wrong. it proves my point is what it does. that you can be as racist or homophobic as you want, so long as you hate POTUS.
over 3000 pedophiles arrested since Jan and MSM is loosing their minds over it, claiming Trump is against gender equality, or some (cont)
absolute BS. At least America has a leader with a fucking spine to stand up to terrorists and pedos. our leader kisses their asses (cont)
while giving them millions of dollars. we're told that they shouldn't adapt to our way of life, that WE should concede to THEIRS. #smh
@FBI @POTUS How does #DWStweets get away with the IT & Money Laundering schemes and accessing confidentials by Rep #DWShultz and 6 others.
You guys are all pretty creepy.  I'm religious but not in that way.  Shame on you all for being hypocrites.
Major Network media you will be exposed
This exactly WHY we need special prosecution. This is unfair to EVERY AMERICAN. These people cannot get off. They did crime, they do time
 im shocked!! NOT! That's the bigger scandal frankly speaking.
Get back on this shit and stop distracting from Dems crimes
This scandal may be the straw the camels been dreading!
It was never mentioned on the fake today show
But it's fake news, so . . .
That's because it hurts their side!  The FAKE NEWS media would never dwell on something that makes the LEFT look dirty & despicable.
@jaketapper @CBSThisMorning Demonrats lying?  Presstitutes lying?  Why the confusion, RATS are the media, media are the rats. Jail them all
She's locked away, crying. Hope she's got bail money....
Yes It's buried by Msm. Focusing on SCARAMUCCI. Even FOX NEWS!! WHAT the He'll IZ going on here???
The alphabet news agencies are not interested in breaking news,. unless it's fake.
YfrdftffyS
were is Chuck Schumer and Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi and Hillary Clinton talking about this why is it so hush-hush
Ya. Looks like all of the networks buried the final score of my softball game too. #PRIORITIES Get over it...
Because it's bullshit, just like you and your administration which focuses on eating their own people
As agents of the DNC they are just doing their job. Propaganda is a important weapon in trying to destabilize the government of the USA

Can't fool All of the people All of the time. Don't insult your audience!
If anyone wants to know how crooked this bitch is get into the safe at her house and the kickback cash will be in there
@angelavansoest Trying to keep the public clueless so this can get swept under the rug, just like normal.
Arrest her any ways!!!!
@ABC @NBC @CBS are getting exposed...the true repercussions have yet to be seen by them. Of course it will be too late =) #MAGA
What ? Something is not newsworthy? You don't say!!!!?
@realDonaldTrump, it is possible they aren't reporting this because THEY LOST THE ELECTION. You WON. Your crimes and craziness are the news.
Imran Awan #ImranAwan #AwanBrothersIsASpyRing #blackberry #congressionalipads
If by "buried" you mean under the mountains of scandal and treachery that @POTUS AND HIS ADMIN are raining down on America, you've nailed it
Also: Debbie Wasserman Schultz Resigned D.N.C. Post https://nyti.ms/2al9inp.WHY  NOT CHARGED WITH INTERFERING WITH USA ELECTION. Unbelievable
@POTUS Remembers Extortion 17. 30 dead troops Aug 2011
#Afghanistan. The #Awan Brothers had Top Secret Clearance.
What did they do? #DNC @VP
Donald, enough already! Lets start acting like the president you wanted to be or pick up your toys and go home..
How is this Trumps fault? Do you think he should ignore something like this? This is a MAJOR story and only proves MSM is in bed with Dems
I don't think Blabbermouth is going to come out to well with this scandal, but  we never know what will happen in the swamp .
No surprise there.
As usual.. real scandals, collusion and crimes aren't news when it's a lib. Network news is dead
Sorry but this woman looks like she was just in a bukaki film with that hair, how can anyone take this bird seriously?
Of course they do. They are probably in on it.
#Maga #Resist gee, we are worried about Debbie, hope she's not the next "suicide" victim, brother Steve Wasserman is Asst US Attorney for DC
Arrest the "thang" for corruption
Wrong.  It's being reported by them but not INDICTING BEFORE ANY FINDING from the FBI.  It's in the Wash Post fgs:
I am in IT and believe me- you NEVER- EVER give your password to anyone, including your IT person.
Huge breach of NIST policy. 

Fire them!
Big Coup issues are heating up. Can RUN but CANT HIDE!
Hey Debbie what's up?? #AwanBrothers
Thank the Lord for social media or American would be experiencing third world country news.
Cause they are fake news
High time this got huge national attention!
No surprise
MUELLER Clapper McMaster Bill Bush's Are  Afghanistan Heroin KingPins bringing Americans her drugs since LSD crack opioid Meth Heroin Weed
Not burying it so much as just can't squeeze anything else in, while the drumpf Russian circus is in town.
Wasserman is out - Clinton is not president.  Who cares?
Its funny how zestfully the media pursues any negative story about Trump, but nutjobs like Al Gore can make ridiculous claims unchallenged?
See there is  no prejudice with the media
She is a repulsive, ruthless, arrogant person.
Fake news

DemocracyNow isn't even reporting on this story.
@Leann350 meet Debbie Weirdo
Outrageous that media is burying DWS It man scandal
Leftist news agencies what else would you expect????
"The Press" no longer exists... It's been replaced by Corporate Media - corrupt to the core.
So what's new they always do
B/c it's BS! 
The same way you buried @LizCrokin's reporting on #Pedogate!
Of course. You didn't think they would make the radical dems look bad.
Does this surprise anyone? Protect the Liberals is their mantra.
What do you do in the land that you do not even know where you are on the map
It's called covering news over outdated nothing.
Who the hell does she think she is? I hope they lock her up,she is so corrupt in so many issues,they arrest people for far less.
Pivot.  Not working anymore
SAD watching how the three best hollywood majors that made masterpieces with universal value are crashed so down
@realDonaldTrump Fake Media touts importance of reporting news and having on camera press briefings, but it only applies to Trump and admin.
Liberals;
@realDonaldTrump this story is a bunch of bull shit,tell Hannity to stick it up his ASS !
Nope.  Not buried.  Saw it today, in depth on @TheLeadCNN @CNNPolitics.  Was it fake??
Why r we surprised? Awan reportedly wires $300K 24 hours prior to Dulles departure. Nothing to see here folks, move along
Well let's get this big big scandle out.,Wasserman Aide Imran Awan was arrested at the airport for Fraud! Big Story Big Deal.
Note: Wasserman Schultz NOT a national leader. Has little influence even down here in #Florida National media must focus on national issues
Of course!
God, pls let's overcome the devil with all this corruption in Government!
Debbie is so shady!!! She is a disgrace!
Nothing new. If they don't bury the news the Clintons bury them.
