....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!
You need to stop lying about things and goes you need to stop using social media because  all's your doing it making up stories
It's not really as complicated as you think. Just stop being such a thin skinned victim.
PLEASE just shut up and get off twitter.  You are an embarrassment and not a Presidential material. You won by stealing he election.
Keep using social media Mr. President. Keep the lying msm crying.


This is perfect 
Yes he did win. Yes he does represent the majority of Americans. Thank you for standing up for Americans President Trump
The congressmen & women can see and hear bully for themselves. Your words and actions
Even a legit win wouldn't  give a modern day president the privilege to do anything  u want

When thisday comes & it will, America wins!
#OrangeIsTheNewBlack for 45 & his #BandofBigots

#Wealthcare #CORRUPTION #RussiaGate #GeeksResist #HeroesResist #Impeach45
not gonna happen snowflakes
What high crimes and misdemeanors has he done? Can't impeach just cuz you don't like him. If that were the case Obama would be in prison now
Yes, he is our current President with more flaws than talents. Hope you said the same about Obama to your six followers. #MTFBWY
What's been said about Obama? How about, "Impeach". "Should be tried for high crimes", "Hung for treason". Different tune for this guy. Sad.
the double standard the GOP dark side agents operate under is quite simply intolerable and unjust. the entire party is evil #TheResistance
President ManBaby has yet to learn how to be a gracious winner. So insecure. We all know u won. Trust, we die a little everytime we see you.
We lost
Eplain this. Fake president!
You shouldn't be let loose anywhere near a keyboard. You are a complete and utter gobshite. Or a GOBSHITE as I know you like capitals.
With the help of the Russians, you won the Electoral College.
You are the fraud!
May God Bless you and give you the strength to save AMERICA Happy Independent Day!!!
Thank You Abba Father God, for your help! Amen 
Be SWEET to watch you are your team crumble. And then your poor little supporters will be crying like the babies they are. I CANNOT WAIT. 
I love the tweets! Everyday I get to watch the goddamn President of the United States cry harder than the fat kid in a dodge ball game
Keep tweeting. I'm on your team. You reach a wider audience than you did before 2016. Prudent wording helps.
We would all like to forget your 'winning'. In fact, we would like to see it proven that you committed treason in order to 'win'.
Fake News !!!!!
You and your Russian friends stole the election! Everyone knew that Hillary would win and she did! You are a fraud and will pay big!!!
Yeah, and the world lost as a result.
you suck!!!!!
When you talk of Fake and Fraudulent you've discribed yourself perfectly, everyone knows it.
You are an awful person and not worthy of the office.  Go away.
Your supporters are fleeing like rats off a sinking ship. Historically low approval ratings.  SAD! But please keep tweeting!
Absolutely! And Happy Canada Day to you too!
Just stop. As leader of the free world You should be setting a good example- not providing a cautionary tale.
Oops forgot being the president of an entire freaking country is just a game to win
You need meat
Keep on tweetin' #PresidentTrump It drives liberals crazy  #SupportTrump #RobertsRooms #Veto118
The FAKE &amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - ...
Yes you did.  You won the electoral and lost the popular.  Just remember that only 19% of Americans voted for U, most of us did NOT!
After you deduct all the illegal votes, that 26 states are refusing to disclose. Trump will be winner of popular vote by millions. Wake up
Ummmm, like the man you voted for, all of the voter fraud has been disproven by experts who actually know their shit, unlike you and 45.
That is incorrect. Get away from your filter news. There is more and more evidence coming out of illegal votes. 26 states now hiding it now.
Trust me. The media isn't working hard to convince anyone of anything. You're doing that all by your self.
The only reason why I'm on Twitter is to see President Trump's tweets
Me to
Did Russia help?
Apparently there were people in denial about Nixon until the end too.
There were people in denial about Reagan's Alzheimer's, which appeared while he was in office, too.
Well we can't deny that the president Trump has Alzheimer's that b**** brain left during the election
Only a fool shoots himself in the foot repeatedly & keeps reloading
Well then, put the gun away
It was more of a FRAUDULENT win; like when you FRAUDulently promised a FRAUDulent degree at a FRAUDulent university named after a FRAUD. 

Yes we did suffer the last 8 yrs, now we are recovering from that OBAMANATION!!
Sad that you hate a fine president just because he is black.
I don't think it does anyone any good to use race as a response to disliking someone's politics.
Nobody seems to be willing to admit it but it is true. 30+ years of brainwashing seems to have convinced many Christians to openly hate.
Fox News, Limbaugh, O'Reilly, constant stream of vomit, hate , polluting  for years.  Trump, direct result. 
People are like frogs placed in a pot of water. Gradually heated they will never notice that they have been boiled alive.
Keep right on using social media to communicate because we realize that is the only way we will know what you are truly saying and not what the fake media wants us to believe you are saying
Sorry to disagree with you but I think FALSE MEDIA sounds better - just my humble opinion!
Thank you for keeping us informed.  It is like little letters from the President.   I appreciate your efforts.
Donny! You're out of your element!
the day he answers you back..... Hilarious.
I would rue the day. That idiot doesn't have the wit to compete.
I'm not a Trump fan, but how ironic you're using "rue the day" completely wrong. The opposite of what you meant to say, no doubt.
I meant I would hate the day to have to destroy him with wit. Did I use wrong?
How can a witless person like yourself hurt the King of Wit and wisdom, President Trump.
You're a bad president/person.
The bad president left in Jan.Get over it.
I criticized him too. Thanks for your well thought out response.
You call that winning, by losing with nearly 3 million votes short? You are what is FAKE, Fake Man, Fake Pres, SAD
Hey Genius!  I love everything you do...and I did everything in my power to get you elected.  NO regrets.  Thank you for speaking directly to us daily.  Thank you for speaking Truth!  Love you dearly for that!
The fake & fraudulent news media loves your tweets. They share them with the public, including the blocked, every day!!
You didn't win, You had Russia Hack to make it like you won,That's Basically Cheating... Not Fake Real!
It is interesting that the main thing you worry about is that you did not receive the popular vote. Go run the country.
Funny how news was never FAKE before you arrived.
Reminding that you lost the popular vote by MILLIONS! You're only in office because of a few thousand in rural communities. You're a  loser
Historically, 4 American presidents including President Trump have won electoral college and not popular. Trump has no evidence of cheating.
Please share the proof on how Russia changed the election? And Fox?
I won, I won naa naa naa naa naa! I guess since you're already 70, growing up is not a realizable alternative. Carry on, the play pin awaits
Play PIN? Spell much?  You libs can't accept your defeat - and YOU are making it worse - or more exactly Pelosi & the lib press are.
He a good "bishop"  SMH Shame on him.

Yea, #BlackLivesMatter Say it LOUD, I'm Black and I'm PROUD! 
It's not a race to the top of the highest unfavourability numbers...you know that right, Donald?
And?
Contrary to what you may think you are not a Dictatory like your buddy Putin. You work for the PEOPLE of the U. S. Please remember this
Who checks your tweets to see if you are telling lies or not?
let President Trump do what he does best. Get the job done and boy he has a lot of work to do
Pretty sure G20 leaders are not talking about John Podesta. And frankly it's bizarre @POTUS is thinking about Podesta at the G20.
What did the bad president do?? Lie, commit fraud, care about the environment, get along with world leaders??
I enjoy your tweets & sense of humor-especially irritating the media part, lol. They're too stupid to realize they're being baited
and we would be right you are only hurting yourself by tweeting your now under investigation because of it wake up
It doesn't matter if Hillary won the popular vote by a billion votes , she's still not in office. Go Trump!!!! Fuck the haters
You are definitely  UnAmerican Trumptard.
The only thing faker than you as president is your trophy wife #russianpuppetpresident #trumpisacunt #tinyhandstinybrain
Thank you for keeping in communication with your people as much as technology allows. It's the prudent thing for any leader to do.
Your fool. The question you should ask is; For how long?
With the help of FAKE &FRAUDULENT news from Russia.
Thank God we don't have Hillary for president, just the thought of it brings me shivers up my spine.
How could we forget?  Seriously, I would like to know....so I could forget.
You cheated....you had your Russian friends help you.  You know that you should not be President and we will soon know.
Social media is the only way 4 us to get the truth  tweet on you're fighting against Satan and his disciples (CNN) thank u for exposing them
Present evidence.
What does that have to do with anything
Well yes we don't believe the media any more they sux
Yes. And your the boss. So keep up the good work. I'm still with you all the way. And 2020.
Believe me I wish I could forget .....
Oh we remember.  It's in our face every day. Now if someone could make me forget that would be news worth reporting
Thank you President your the best.
FAKE AND FRAUDULENT PRESIDENT
Sorry Josh, you are blind to God's plan for America!
And we're all very SAD!!!!!!!!!
Keep tweeting but be factual. Doing great job so far.
#FakePresident
Grow up

It's only real if it kisses your yuuuge ass like Fox but fake if it doesn't
Grow up manbaby
Not republicans, just people! #TheRealAnonymousIsBack
@NoreenR1 I had a bunch of child traffickers try to bully me offline, but I told them where to go!
I don't even fight them Just Block not worth the effort  the Worst are the spelling Police 
I wrote in Capitals & a nut job
Told me t stop screaming ha 
I told her if the letters are screaming 
She needs a shrink & a lot of mess 
Hahahehehoho
#25thAmendment
Use it, but cut out the childish stuff sir. I will come work for you and handle only social media. Please, we NEED you in #TRUMP2020 HIREME
President Trump I totally agree with you.  My late father taught me to not believe half of what the media reports.
You are the president...please keep doing what you are doing...we have your back
Say no more Mr. President of thee United States of America ..... YOU WON.!!!!  W
Yes we remember it very painfully everyday that you won... don't consider it a great achievement.
You foolish old man you should be in jail
PRESIDENT TRUMP YOUR THE BEST WE HAVE IN A LONG LONG TIME GOD BLESS YOU FOR ALL THAT U HAVE DONE FOR US AMERICAN'S.
Just remember no matter what you say or do it will always be judged by.  That is one of the reasons Americans picked you.
You are strong.
Doesn't mean you are smart!
Could you at least pretend there is a brain (and a president)in that fake tan head of yours? They are trying to improve your image here and
You can't even speak the truth, so everything you say is fake news and you don't even remember what you say.  Unbelievable  it's on camera
ABSOLUTELY, and GO, SIR!!!  We "ordinary Americans" are proud of you and support all you're doing!!!  Thank you!

Notice how many tRump/Putin bots in this thread? No followers or under 100, I reported or blocked them all!
You won because Putin influenced the college election. America did not want you.
Q#@ ##@
Actually they LOVE your tweeting. How else could they hold you accountable in upcoming court cases?
president obamas dog would be a better president than you
Sir, most of the time, you are the only source of news we can trust.
I don't see why you should not...... Social media is an effective tool to convey your messages!
Crooked Don Jr?  Soonds familiar.
The party's over I wish you a fail well. I have never experienced this much hate against any president . You deserve to have lost!
CNN is terrible
Guess you won but that doesn't mean you're above anybody else

You only won thanks to Putin.
So now it's time to act like you did. Grow up.
That is abusing your position and power? why use that over others?? Are you in Junior High grow up but not in the wht House. #nytimes
YOU CAN SAY FAKE NEWS ALL YOU WANT WHEN YOUR OWN PEOPLE START TELLING ON YOU YOU WILL BE THE ONLY ONE SAYING FAKE NEWS CHECK MATE IN 2
THINK KELLYANNE JARROD BANNON MILLER PENCE RENCE SPICER HUCKLEBERRY FLYNN WANT TO BE CHARGED WITH TREASON KNOWING THE PENALTY THEY WANT YOU
You cheated tho so that don't count
Impeach Trump 2017
And we are losing.
Lmfao
you should chill, though.
Your American and that's are right for freedom, the media is communism
you said is always right
Have you thanked Vlad for your victory yet?
Fake media calls attack in Jerusalem terrorism when Under intl law, it is resistance in occupied territories!
Who is the real fraud really?
Keep tweeting Mr. President! Do You.
You did win, By default because the #DNC Cheated - see #DNCFraudLawsuit - they #CoronatedHillary - #BernieWouldHaveWon
It's pathetic that they're so afraid of you being able to communicate directly with the people - I wonder why that is?
I voted for you because the MAGA platform will restore America for Americans. A prosperous America can do a lot more for others.
You are right. I will stand by you cause I know you love America as much as I do. Love you Trump.
and we are glad you did
Fake 45
Go with your gut!
Did you win? Really? You hadn't mentioned it in the last 20 minutes, so I forgot for a second.
The intensive toilet training and punishment you suffered at the hands of German pedagogical parents has really left a stain on the nation!

YOU'RE fake & Fraudulent. It's only a matter of time before you're exposed. #Impeachment
Keep tweeting! Love you Trump!
NO YOU DIDN'T! Stop lying to yourself, we all know the truth! You should stop using social media because you embarrass America!
Actually you didn't
You didn't win popular vote. Someone needs to put a muzzle on you and take that phone off you. Acting like a 10 yo is getting old! Grow up!
That's how the truth gets out.
I feel Personally in touch & connected to you by your tweets, they are prudent and real. Why stop
You do you @realDoaldThump
You are President, so that allows you to use Twitter as your bully pulpit? You seem to be the only one saying over & over, I won. Move on.
Is that all you know how to say? You sound like a broken record.
I remember Obama snootingly proclaiming that ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES! - 
How fast they forget
While your propaganda machine is working hard to convince EVERYONE that you are a legitimate elected official who knows anything... at all.
DJT you are the only person I fellow on Twitter. Thanks for the being the President.
President needs back up and the American people stands by he's side.
My household has complete faith in your ability to govern this country out of the dismal terms of the Obama Administration. Success Sir!
On you m8 i gota get off this for a bit makes me deeply upset to hear all the negative response of man
Tweet on Prez
Democrats are SUCH WINERS. Quoting Matt Damon, They 'need to get over it'
Mr. President, thank you for your comm's with real America. Here is a thought - never use "*-American" we have "Americans" and "others".
FDR was hit for the fire side chats......now a corner stone ... don't stop tweeting .....you are setting a valuable example
