I think you should smart move
How about duct tape over your and Spicey's mouths for the sake of accuracy?
yep hell with em!
May I suggest questions submitted and answered via Twitter. A perfect record and we distribute to the world not just those with a TV
hah, you're assuming he actually listens to people...as in, you think that he actually reads his @ mentions
Or better yet maybe YOU should stop lying?
Losing control?
PLEASE DO IT! #FakeMedia
Maybe the BEST thing to do would be step down and walk to the closest federal prison. #TrumpRussia #impeachTrumpnow #TheResistance
If you cancel the #PressBriefing what questions would these written handouts be responding to?
You could start by asking your pathetic Press Secretary to stop hiding in the bushes.
Oh yeah - that'll do it...   Except you're the President of the United States - start acting like it.  Cowboy up or take the Remington out!
Or just get rid of the press. Putin would! #thetruthmatters
So long as they are independently fact-checked.
What's nixonisn, is smashing 15 govt blackberries & for Comey allowing FBI to allow HRC to wipe her server clean & say there's "NO INTENT"
clearly you're hiding things. maybe the best thing would be if you resigned.
You can't stifle the free press sir. Your written responses would be no more true than their spoken words. You finally told the truth.
No little donnie that's not how it works. #impeachTrumpnow #slowminded #thecluelesspotus #Trump
Oh you'd still find a way to call them liars once you went back on your word
Maybe you should stop contradicting yourself. Maybe you should say what you mean and mean what you say.
You admittedly said you were DUPED by Russian photographer. iNCOMPETENT FOOL
Nobody believes what you and your surrogates say publicaly anyway. You've been a habitual liar for decades.
The self-important, preening hacks in the White House press room have no interest in fair and balanced coverage....
If you lie, your staff lies, as you steal from America and work with Russian Spies ... why not resign? Give Mike Pence a chance.
Anything to make the libtards cry harder is a success
How much $$$ would that save me?  #doit
So act like a dictator?! Okay got it!
Or maybe you should not change your story 5 times and just tell the truth!
#FakePresident
Especially when they have to keep up with all the lies.
I'm interpreting this as "maybe I should prepare my statements"

And the POTUS is only now thinking about that...
DO IT #CNNSUCKS
Whomever wrote this: Sit down, you are embarrassing yourself.
This is how a dictator thinks.
A lie written on paper instead of spoken is still a LIE!
Continually trying to bully the press just reveals how weak you really are.
Or, you could get your Presidential shit together? Nah. Where's the fun in that. Keep up the carnival sideshow, Donnie! Impeachment looming.
Maybe try presenting the truth?
Turn the Press Room into the Trump channel and send Trumpets to the people
The best thing would be to cancel & impeach President Trump for threatening Comey & others who stand up to him #TrumpRussia #Truth #Impeach
Just tweet your press releases don't even entertain the media
Nope… yet another horrible idea. Try not lying & maybe go from there?
Your administration can't even keep your own story straight in the SAME DAY bc there are so many lies.
Why are you so afraid of the press? You're just like Nixon & Hitler!
If you want them to be "nice" to you, maybe give them some material to work with? All you've done is try to take credit for Obama's work 
Anyone cheering on your authoritarian actions & threats would've done the same thing under Hitler, smh
THIS is why they teach history in school, kids. Looking back, most of the people I know who complained about learning it voted for you 
& by "for the sake of accuracy" you mean so you can review the transcript so you don't get caught up in as many lies?
Whoever decided to replace @seanspicer with @SarahHuckabee somehow managed to make Trump's WH even more of a joke… Props to you 
Maybe the best thing to do is for you to resign.
U lost me here explain is this current confused!!
sure, am down with that if you'd actually answer questions, not have journlists threatened, thrown out, manhandled. But you only belch lies
stop supressing Democracy. Not so easy to keep lying and not get caught.
Why Trump is sooooo scared of news?! Because news tell THE truth! LOL
That’s what lying losers who can’t handle doing their jobs would do.  Why so scared of a microphone now?  Patheticness is in all its glory, folks.
...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sak...
you're right except for reporters who can't read!!! They make up their own narratives! Right?
Yeah, you're renowned for accuracy, not the lies and bullshit thing.
That’s a great idea than we wouldn’t have to listen to your LIES or those of Sarah Sanders or your team!!
You are no longer President. @gop is considered a terrorist group. You have Russian ties stole from the U.S. citizens #civilwar2017 @gop not RECOGNIZED we have new President and Congress ready NOW believe in law you and @PRyan meet @fbi to surrender for Russian money and BRIBES
I would love that Mr. President...cancel cancel cancel
Maybe the best thing to do is to tar and feather your cheatin' a$$ right down Penn. Ave. and into the Potomac.
or remove press credentials of any organization distorting the facts...
Good idea. The ambush sensationalism media uses for profit is not the USA's friend. I'd miss the briefings but written responses would foster better journalistic discipline among the media and public.
sounds great to me because the MSM lies anyway I am sick of Washington and the MSM all they want to know is DACA end it American ppl first
Keep up the good work.  I'm standing with you.

Depends. Do you know how to write?
Why dont we just let Mike Flynn, Jeff Sessions, Vladimir Putin and yourself hold press briefings oh yea and the other 2 Russian leaders
Better to stay silent and be thought a fool than open your mouth and remove all doubt.
This President and his staff can't handle answering questions accurately because he lies more than he tells the truth.
The best thing to do? Or the fascist thing to do?
An even better thing to do would be to surprise everyone and resign! (take Pence and fucking Jeff Sessions with you)
Good no one but you would be lying then.
Good idea
HAHAHAHAHA   Just have the Russian press there.  You seem to love yucking it up with them
Cancel press briefings.They don't deserve it. Periodically, release list of important info of past weeks
Scared a bit?
@FLOTUS 

"Nobody respects women more than me... just grab 'em by the pussy!"
~Donald T.
Mr. President has anyone thought of investigating some of these corrupted news media morons?  I am wondering just how many should be in jail
@potus
Delusional: check
Vindictive: check
Whiny: check

TrumpTweet complete.
That's censorship.. Bad! Totally un-American!
Amen this is what should have already been done.DO IT
...probably a good idea but please keep posting on Twitter so we can have the unmodified truth.  Thank you, sir.
And #LockHerUp!
Don't blame Spicer & Huckabee. They reported on the memo from Rosenstein. U should've made your thoughts clear 2 them.
Now you got it. Less tweets too. I have faith in you. Please don't let us down. BTW it's time to get fat boy out of the picture
Absolutely! #MAGA #CNNFAKENEWS
As a 75 year old observer of political actions, I never expect Sarah Huckabee or Sean Spicer to be on top  of everything you may be doing.
You have a couple of options. Limit accessibility. Limit seating capacity. Lottery system for media. A - F on Mondays G - L on Tuesdays etc
Yes and Hitler discredited the news organizations as fake news. Study your history facist
Grow up
You wouldn't know accuracy if it leapt up & bit you on the bum.  Please, I urge you to get help - you're not a well man.
Maybe, but first, you need to hire some people that know how to write.
u promised better healthcare 4 all please check in and see 4 yourself
Congress will make u look bad with the #AHCA
You will still flip flop with what you believe is true ot not.
You can write? We already know you can't read...
If you trolls don't like POTUS, quit following him on Twitter. I mean, damn...
Wow.  Stop the press.  I can see flame coming out of your ass
Yes. Do it. Obama never held this many. They get too much info. Or pick a select few only for briefings
PS also them to have a nice weekend lol
Now I really like that. We no longer have any real news reporters anymore, just sensationalized entertainment.
That would be best thing to do, so biased against you, never reporting your accomplishments just gotchas! do it!!
It is time.  Cut them off.
Please do this. Or just host the press conferences personally!! Everyone will love you more!
Maybe the best thing to do is just call it quits mate.
, NO maybe the best thing to do is to stop Fucking lying, what a novel idea. And yeah, you can have that one on me!
What else would an #Alt-right #FakePresident do?
You can run but you can't hide!!  haha
well... isnt tha what Tweets are? And you still manage to mess that up, so...
Accuracy is important. If written handouts improves your accuracy, I'm all for it.
Presidents before you were just as busy. Maybe if @seanspicer stopped hiding in bushes, he could answer more questions.
what do you have to hide?
Of course. We need to put the slimey, lying mainstream media out of the picture all they do is lie and mislead. Always twist the truth
Yes it would. The nasty truth, and desire to know keeps getting in your way.
It is a shame to scarifice good people as canon fodder for the media shooting range spectacle, staged fights don't serve truth or progress
Do it, and then I hope the ,media goes dark on you....
Written by whom? In crayon by the velveeta tweeter? Such tiny hands manipulate a crayon easily, and there is the small matter of thinking.
Also, handouts after meeting behind closed doors with Foreign Liders to put to bed all these speculations if you had loosed-lips  or not.
I see you've taken a page out of The Fascist Handbook, perhaps you should read The Constitution instead.
Canceling press briefings is the act of a scared, cowardly POTUS. Nothing more.
How about y'all just getting your lies straight?
Please, POTUS, get rid of the fake news
Please continue press briefings... Canada needs this reality TV.
Then you couldn't keep your name on TV everyday. You love the attention.
don't do it. Keep briefings. Otherwise everything will be even more suspicious.
The best would be stop tweeting....
You have given most access in history. They have proven they just abuse it. Cut it off, address like past admin(2x-mo).No news is good news!
Ur dealing w/ ppl that thought polling their own& misleading the public would win the election. Don't give them time of day, we don't!!
This would be awesome. We'd have it in writing!
Yeah, that would be a good move (NOT)
That's crazy thinking. You are a CLASSIC NARCISSIST. Always someone else's fault. Look it up.
Cancel the Press briefings.  Most of them are anti-American and make up their own news stories anyway. Breaking news two scoops of ice cream
No offfense but your heavily unqualified for your job
LOVED IT=Addicted 2 watching Spicer smack down Fake News MSM (clinically mentally ill) looking 4 crimes where none existed
they can't keep up with you any way, if they really want to know what is going on they log into your Twitter account already...
@Potus @PressSec  Working as your press secretary must be the aboslute worse.  You put them in a position where they have zero credibility.
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
Dude. DUDE. I thought you believed in the #Constitution? #1stAmendment #LiarinChief
The irony is ur press staff repeated what you had put in your written explanation. To fix it u have to stop changing ur story.
Do you know how to ATLEAST keep your stories straight?!?!?! #45isAnIdiot
Maybe you should just cancel your presidency and and out written plans to ruining our country.
Do it ugly. Makes no difference either way
Maybe the best thing would be for you and your orange ass get out of OUR WHITEHOUSE!! EVERYONE IS LAUGHING AT YOU IN A MEXICAN TWEET. JA JA
Sounds like the best plain.
Why you don't trust you water boy
Good idea.  We can hear your lies on Fox or read them on Twitter, if we want fake news.
Do it!! They do not deserve, to be in the same room, as you! "Morons"! You give answers, and they still distort the truth!
Or just don't flip flop on everything you say so we know where you stand on at least one issue
He fears the press because he knows they will find the truth about his Russian lover Putin, trump should HANG for his TREASON.
The Media is gone crazy. Each day there are more fake news. All made up and Hillary must be relishing all that, Evil woman that she is.
This is a step on the road to authoritarianism.
Or you can just quit being president so you can play more golf on your own dime. That's actually the best thing you can do.
you are the only Fake thing out there...
You might be able to call in your press briefings from the prison phone. Remember though that it has to be a collect call.
no the best thing to do would be for you to resign or be impeached
I think before the news media is allowed to broadcast their nonsense it should be reviewed before it's put out because they just keep lying
Because u cant keep ur story str8 otherwise
Yeah yeah sure try that because it works so well for your Twitter @realDonaldTrump  you backtrack and contradict each time you tweet
Those pages you have copied from Mein Kampf are really paying off. The first thing is to put doubt that the media is honest. Well done!
Agreed, you seem to have a hard time reading the lies you write
Impeach
