This guy is CERTIFIABLE! It gets worse everyday!
It's not a healthcare program it's an insurance program stop interchanging the language
..king...⚘⚘
Respectfully, small correction @realDonaldTrump Our healthcare is the best in the world. It's our health insurance system that's a mess.
Just stop  the dumbest shit I've seen on the internet!
By treating far fewer people with more money... yeah, that'll make things look better (& more profitable for the blood-sucking bosses). Arse
People are saying Donald Trump is brain dead!
Have you even read it asswipe?
Universal healthcare
Other countries have better healthcare systems than America because they all have single payer systems.  Your ignorance is overwhelming.
Not at the rate you're going with it.
Welcome to Saudi Arabia
You are seriously uninformed. #nationalembarrassment
Trump Will fix it
What a shame taking all our rights away and I was giving u chance 
So why don't we model what works, what is better, instead of your disastrous life threatening bill. You and your bill are pitiful
For the rich ... I'm crushed
You're right! And they have single payer and it's funded by having a higher tax on the, wait for it...rich!
Obamacare is not dead. Your political power is what's dead. You will see in the Senate that you are no longer feared.
Australia and other countries have better healthcare than us because everybody is covered. Here you are pulling people off.
Play the populist for the poor but you're just a puppet for the super wealthy. This is wealth redistribution to the top.
Funny thing is you're risking bad optics of trying to yank citizens off healthcare without much chance of passing Dumpcare
You hate on Meryl Streep but she does less celebrating winning an Oscar than you do over a bill that's DOA in the Senate.
Only POTUS who lost his bully pulpit faster was William Henry Harrison. He died 31 days into his term. Doubt you knew that.
Mr. President, your words now carry weight with a lot of people and many people take them at face value. Please speak wisely and truthfully.
Part of the problem is your Doctors are over paid compared to the rest of the world.
You, sir, are delusional! Obamacare wasn't perfect, but your plan is inhumane and insufficient at best. You're an embarrassment. #Impeach45
You mean as soon as they change the name of it. I think that bothers trump more than anything... The name Obama .
Have you even read the bill? What about coverage for preexisting conditions?
Do you even know what universal healthcare is?  YOU ARE SO CLUELESS.
Donnie, you couldn't even remember the PM'S name, let alone what health care they have.  Sorry, we don't buy your excuse.
You've got to read what you sign. The GOP are liars.
You are killing America bruh 
If you're a Republican congressman...  The rest of us get #AHCA. Sorry, America! #Unfit #DonnyBluster #ImpeachTrump #MakeAmericaSmartAgain
Bowel movement time!!!
Twinkletoes, EVERYBODY has socialized medicine except us.
Everybody?
And why do you think that everybody else has better healthcare than we do? Could it perhaps be because of universal coverage?
The year in which other countries introduced universal healthcare
Here is the health insurance coverage rate in America compared with other countries before Obamacare. Yes, let's turn back the clock!
this is a bad tweet
I know yours is, but what is mine?
yours is soon to be lacking healthcare?
I don't lack health Care.
Yet. Thanks Obama!
I lack healthcare. Too f*cking expensive. Thanks Obama! You single handedly ruined the free market healthcare system in America.
Work harder and make more money lazy ass
$400MONTH $6500DEDUCTIBLE or $890MONTH $500DEDUCTIBLE.2 sh*tty choices.Not lazy,smart to opt out.I thought u cared about the poor u p.o.s.
Oh, put it out there 4 America to vote on then we'll know how great?? It is.
Respectfully disagree!We have the best healthcare in the world! We need insurance reform,not healthcare reform
Travel more. Please. This is an ignorant comment. The US has one of the worst healthcare systems in the developed world. Obama took steps to fix it, Trump is rewinding it to third world standard.
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will...
When are you gonna give us single payer
THEY HAVE GOVERNMENT FUNDED UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE
Trump went straight from celebrating the passage of a bill that could throw 24m off their insurance and give tax breaks to the wealthy...
....to praising the healthcare of a country that has a government-run, single-payer, Medicare-for-all system
He just said Obama Care is failing! I for one have paid for good insurance my whole life. Now I need it can not afford to visit my Dr.
AND THEY WONDER WHY WE MARCH.

#FridayFeeling
https://www.crowdpac.com/campaigns/225084/march-for-truth-june-3rd-2017-d-c-la-nyc …
Are there really enough lobbyist jobs in Washington for all of the congressmen who will lose in 2018?
#FridayFeeling
The Australians have single-payer.
And we made sure people who have mental health issues could buy guns but not get decent healthcare.
Australia is part of the rest of the civilized world that has Universal HC.
We can do better.
#AHCA
#FridayFeeling 
#TheResistance
Ahhh but we have a constitution that prevents me from being forced into a system of universal healthcare Maybe you should move to Australia
Where in the constitution does it say that we shouldn't have universal healthcare?
It doesn't.
Yeah, I read the 10th amendment, and it doesn't automatically determine  universal healthcare as unconstitutional.
Everybody has a better president too!
As long as you don't disqualify current medicaid recipients.
We have free market health care already; when will you release the latest advances that the rich already enjoy?
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great!
Don't blame Obama for everything wrong in the  USA! You're not doing ANYTHING GOOD FOR OUR GR8 NATION WAKE UP TRUMP 
Please Mr.Trump I am 46 and 2016 was my very first time voting and I voted for you... please leave alone pre existing
Should voted for jill
If it's so great why is GOP keeping ACA for themselves? Shove this crap bill off on people to rape them and kill them then bankrupt them.
It is Universal Healthcare. You know ..what LOTS of Dem Soc countries have. You DO know that, right? Did Kelly Ann prep you for this tweet??
Wrong your is so bad you see your own klan people turn on you your the worst president ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Did you say dead?  Many of your supporters will be dead when they have to go without healthcare...
You celebrated my daughter growing up without her mother in the Rose Garden then had a beer #iamapreexistingcondition
Then why don't you copy the Australian health care and mimic your bill by what they do. ?
I am disappointed 44 did not get rid of toxic plastic garbage in this country. I hope you will. Stop making us sick save on healthcare.
Except the current bill isn't up to the standard of other countries' health care! Single payer now!
wonder if anyone is as sick as me about our so called president,that they gag when he opens his mouth,even before his stupid words come out
Yes as soon as you are impeached and the obstructions are out we will have single payer!
Worst healthcare bill in history of USA.... SAD
You can't even lie well, sad
So you are saying we should have socialized  medicine? That  is what Australia  has.
Nothing you do will be great.
EW
make America great again is about unity and care for every American. But not for a group of people
When?
Not if you keep letting house, senate, & WH mouth pieces keep telling you lies. Emperor With No Clothes.
Of course they do because Australia doesn't have Republicans.
Hahahahahaha!! You a cracka mate!!
I hope so Donald. The GOP has a bad reputation. Healthcare could be your legacy but it needs to be gutted and rebuilt like Australia's model
Why cant it be free? Like Canada?
Stop tweeting about it then and do something
If you cared, you would have improved our healthcare, but you made it worse. Stop lying to the people. Shame on you!!
So, why not go with universal healthcare like Australia?!!  That is the right resolution to Obamacare!
Your mental illness shines brighter everyday. Oh look a balloon... wish I can refuse to pay for you. Go back to your old life you love
Check out their healthcare and copy it.
@realDonaldTrump No, they don't have better healthcare than "We" do.  They have better healthcare than 99% of Americans.  You are not "We".
Trump loves Universal Health Care!!!!!
Thanks 
Then get us #SinglePayer #SinglePayerNOW
Make sure that HC benefits are capped for those who ruin their own health, & that illegals aren't covered or GOP may suffer loss in 2018!
And now, we willl have the worst healthcare in the world, only if we let you!!!
You really don't have a clue. You are the biggest liar of the us.
Did you read the plan you fool?  Delete your account.
True original medicine unlike the crap we are poisoned with today .. Nature has the best medicine ! Chemicals kill n are poison !
how w#ould you know? Somebody tweet you?
Maybe for the chosen few. .. but for millions your changes will be catastrophic.
I can't afford private healthcare, but my kid has hip surgery next month. Won't cost me a cent. Do THAT for your country, then celebrate.
Your #trumpcare is nothing but an unpolished turd.
Then why are we not following their model rather than than the crap you're peddling?
CAN YOU GO AWAY THEN EVERYONES PROBLEMS WOULD BE SOLVED
Good to know that you support a single-payer system.
Well this TRUMPCARE or AHCA is not a Healthcare Bill, it's a Death Sentence!!! So Idk what Healthcare ur talkin about
It's clear you haven't read the bill
How do you live with yourself by providing tax breaks to the rich & the wealthy by killing millions of Americans with your healthcare plan.
Numerous people will be dead on your plan! But you'll have millions more in your pocket which is all you care about!
#Dumbass! 
They certainly have a better leader...a much better leader.  One that actually knows how to lead.  And the ACA is not dead.
Finally something my president & I agree upon, "Australians have better healthcare" . #UniversalHealthCare
Probably because, like every other OECD country, Australia realises that health care is a right, not a privilege.
When are you going to make the better plan??
Why isn't Erectile Dysfunction a pre-existing condition?
#dumbass
Your health care will never be great. Canadian health care, our family of 6 plus 3 grandchildren provided without fee thru our tax money
Only because the republicans have fought tooth and nail against negotiations with health insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies
Healthcare in the United States has always cost to much compared to other countries! Tax breaks to corporations won't make them create jobs!
Not unless it is universal and single-payer.
Show us your tax returns,comrade
Single payer. You are right. It is better.
In fact The Uk have a far better healthcare than you mate. #healthcare
Mr. President, DonaldJ.Trump, I think, bases of #AHCA should stay intact, but the pieces should be somehow voted on by the people,everyone!
Then adopt their system. All talk - no balls!!!
Great? Not in your lifetime.
Thank you so much President Donald Trump!
You do realize they have universal healthcare right?
Yes single payer. We want Australian plan
The best way to make healthcare great is to work with family's members who have sick person at home or in a Hospital.
Healthcare is not just the problem their are doctors and Hospitals that work like a car garage.Some of them don't know what they are doing
Good save. 
Try another adjective please!!
It will be garbage. This healthcare plan is not what Americans need!
BULLSHIT!!
What a joke!
So, we will have universal single payer? Awesome!
It will be great when it is free for everyone
A bunch of us were having dinner tonight and we all agreed you really suck as President. Just thought you should know. Sad
does your delusional mind make your world brighter
no it won't and you suck
Your plans Will kill thousands thank God sits open up before it will pass.
Why? Are you quitting ?
Haven't seen't yet! All usa'll rise up against u when ur real self dawns on them all 'sheeple'!
Are you serious?
The only way to get affordable health care is to regulate the pharmaceutical companies then insurance
A website could be formed by one of your Staff leaders,allowing people 2 suggest ideas to add 2an even more incredible #AHCA a #United plan.
Now that you've 'fixed' it, we call it 'Trumpcare'. Keep your fingers crossed...
I think I'm moving to Australia; you are ruining my country with your vitriol, divisiveness and narcissism.
Not with that shit show you and the House proposed.  Get it together man, my 13 yr old could write a better healthcare bill.
If anybody can make it happen you can keep up your good work
Of course they do. It's called single payer, universal.
#Trumpcare!
#AHCA
#Trumpcare
It looks like a tax break for billionaires.
#GOP calls it healthcare.
#Trumpcare
Use at your own risk.
#whealthcare doesn't care about anyone but wait no one!
If you subtract the care from #Trumpcare you get a multimillion $ transfer of wealth from the poor & middle class to the top called #AHCA
Will be great because their won't be anybody to insure since your plan will kill everyone or the www3 you are about to start
when we have single payer medicare for all, then our healthcare system will be great like other civilized countries in the world.
The ACA is still the law of the land. Just make the needed corrections to it and be done! Trumpcare will kill us all!
The best it will be is that "no one will die because they don't have health care." What happened to your promises? Evita kept her promise.
If you want to make our healthcare great, make it single payer system. That's how the US set it up in Europe after WW2.
You're such a schmuck
Great for who?
Hahahaha. Hahahahahahhaha... Wow...
HOW?
he did it4u average Americans,his lifewould have still been great without doing anything anybody but he was tired of deceit
But it is universal health care.  You reject this.  Yiu are clueless and very sad.  You really should be embarrassed.   #cluelessPOTUS
Reckless comment that's an insult to the great doctors, nurses & healthcare professionals who provide outstanding care to all of us!!
Not as long as your big insurance and pharma companies are running the show.  Single payer now!
Great opportunity to cover everyone Single pay.
Go to Google. Type in countries with Universal Healthcare. You'll find the "everybody" you referenced listed there.
They have better health care because it's FREE you twit!!
Republicans have sealed our healthcare fate which is single payer socialist care
