Love ya Diamond and Silk!!!!!!!!
Bahaha...Well said ladies.
Do you really think if Democrats actually thought Donald Trump's tweets were hurting him they be trying to get him to stop?
My position is when a man is busy digging his own political grave get out-of-the-way!
Such as what? We elected him to change course. Get with the program!!
You're spot on! He hasn't done anything! He thinks tweeting is the same as governing proving he knows absolutely nothing about government!
É...a mídia diz: Pro Tramp parar de se entrometer com a Rússia. Porque a mídia não segue o próprio conselho.
RT @DiamondandSilk: The Media Says:  The President Should Stop Tweeting about Russia. Well, Why Don't the Media Take The...
MOST "RUSSIA created DYSINFO" is LAUGHED AT & "filed in ROUND FILE" AKA the office rubbish can. Dems & HRC LOVED this dysinfo enough to BUY it which is REALLY IGNORANT since it would have been FREE.
I'm a old white guy, you two are Great!!!!!  KEEP IT UP!!
Even the young & non-white appreciate Diamond & Silk! KUDOS! Merry Christmas!
I appreciate your comments love your tweets and videos.
Somebody (DNC & HRC?) paid good money for RUSSIA "Dossier" bec it was SCANDALOUS FICTION. But they didn't CARE it was DYSINFO bec Sen McCain hand-delivered it to then Director Comey of FBI to "get TRUMP" who is Sen McCain's OWN GOP President but he wanted JEB BUSH!
Maybe because the media is doing their JOB and Potus should focus on his.....just maybe?
I love u ladies
You guys are awesome and all the real Americans love you. 
We love you thank you for your sacrifices and happy Fathers Day!
Never stop tweeting Mr President. That's what they want so u don't control your message. They want to control it. Never stop
Lol
Ok so if the Pres wants to tweet all day long why doenst he do it under @POTUS
Because they're informing Americans about our President being investigated for possible crimes! Simple concept, which appears lost on you!
Leave the president alone. It's Father's Day for Pete's sake.
Russian interference & Trump's involvement is an ongoing investigation - Media's job to cover.  Trump tweeting about it is idiocy.  SAD!
POTUS is a criminal. That's news.  But POTUS should never stop.When he tweets, he reveals more about his criminal activities. Any questions?
The President of United States retweeted these two? Seriously?? The President of the USA!!
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY! Diamond &Silk you two girls are awesome.
Why should they that's their job! UR job 45 is to ACT like a president and leave the tweeting to the celebrities which U R NOT!
Not sure you understand what's happening here, given this idiotic equivalence. Trump is *hurting* himself w/ his tweets. Try to keep up.
Technically I would suppose all he would have to say is he wasn't the only one that had access to the account.
The media saying that, is actually good advise for DT.  He keeps digging his own grave with the tweets. The tweets are evidence enough.
Right on
The left doesn't like ppl who talk back, the media thinks their rights supercedes everyone else's, especially PresidentTrump. Keep tweeting.
Actually it's up to The @realDonaldTrump
Reaching ....
Truthful as always ladies thank you
Why do you think?? Seriously, you're making that statement??
No doubt that the news networks are out to get TRUMP well if they do one hell of a war will break out across America and the dems R why
Maybe because the president is commander-in-chief, and "the media": is a large collection of disparate unconnected organizations?
Are you really this ill-informed?
MSM LIES!!  (So does Shep Smith)!!  #FireShep !!!
it's the media's job to report on it.Trump is only doing damage to himself x10 because then it only gets repeated over & over in media.
Because it potentially constitutes treason. So, ya know, there's that.
Because the media isn't under FBI investigation for TREASON.  YOU are
When did the media say you should stop tweeting about Russia? The media loves your tweets. A peek into the mind of a petulant child king.
Worth about 10 billion. Eat your heart out.
Who Trump? Lmfao
Kidding right?
Liar in chief lies about everythign. He claims Trump Tower is 68 stories tall, but it's really 58. He is def not worth 11 billion.
Haters be haten. That the best you can do? Like to keep America alive with love for my grandchildren. I was always a Dem. Not now. They suck
He tells you exactly what you want to hear. Then he never delivers.
Just what we need is the best con man to cheat the hell out of all the others who have cheated us. The guys not even taking the money.
Because for better or worse, as he's president, what he says is news. Do you really not understand, or are you just faking stupidity?
Where's your checkmark? Do we have a faux to the faux? Not clever. Sad. Very
Why doesn't 45 show his taxes and financial records.
Becuse Donald trump belongs in gail
You tell them girls well said . Go President Trump .
Grammatical errors man. Proof read your twee silly man child...
The Media is telling him to stop tweeting about Russia bcause he is lying the majority of the time & his tweets are a record
#FakeNews #MSM #CNNisISIS


Lol! I love Trumps humor!
Psalm 149:4
For the #Lord takes #pleasure in His #people; He will beautify the #humble with [1/2]
PERFECT HYPOCRISY! Also, that Witchhunt Investigation is total HYPOCRISY! Include Hillary, than at lest they would have a "Witch To Hunt!"
Hillary wasn't involved with Russia interfering in the election
LMAO!!!!!!!!! Baaaaaa baaaaaa!!! 
Oh I'm the sheep?? So she interfered with the election to what lose?? Think about it sheep girl
I think Jill Stein was a lobbyist and stole money from that fake recount.
Literally no one has said he should stop tweeting about anything, especially Russia! It's great evidence of his crimes! #twitler
What crimes specifically? Which laws and evidence do you have? Please share because the FBI and Justice department don't have it
Please share how you know what the FBI and Justice Department does or doesn't have. Thnx
What she said. Because anyone paying attention would disagree with your statement.
Tell trump to come clean then,What will everybody say when they find out its true still make excuses for him..
That whole Russian narrative a hoax to hide the real leaker is DNC murdered Seth Rich. Many deaths followed
It was not a hack. It was an insider leak. All Seth's belonging found on him botched robbery? I don't think so

I have never heard of so much insanity. We all can say anything we want to.  P. Trump was a candidate. Even a friend would say anything
Did ya'll see the picture of chuck shummer in the middle of Elizabeth Warren, Nancy Pelosi,  Bernie Sanders,  who would trust that.  Lol.
Because of the treason?
Why don't the media start accusing Hillary of the truth.  Would not have to lie.
Maybe the dumbass "president" should just up and deactivate his Twitter account. Telling us about lunch, Russians, running his mouth. FuckDT
These people are one of the best
You two realize Trump is endorsed by the KKK, right?...
So what he did not ask for it or accept it. Lots of Dems were in the KKK a historical fact. Let it go and stop mouthing Anti American noise
Because it seems that POTUS colluded with a hostile foreign nation to steal an election. In other words: it is newsworthy. #LetJusticeBeDone
Legit no proof of that and Obama did it more than once, check yourself and stop looking like the fool you are
@LouAnnRoberts4 good evening diamond and silk they can't help themselves they're like a broken record
Love you Gals!
You tell them girls. Love you all.
Diamond and Silk need to find some brains and common sense. The media is doing its job. Perhaps SCROTUS should do his--OFF THE INTERNET!
It is urgent that Democrats stop the resistance and chaos.  Everybody knows this is causing a big mess with the Russians and everywhere else
No, the media wants him to keep tweeting so do I, impeach him now, impeach him now!!
pssss.... #trumpstain couldn't give 2 shits about you 2
You don't need to capitalize every first letter of every word...
Well said
Move on you god dam cry babies.Donald j Trump will still be our President 
Love these ladies!
Liberal Media CN calling Trump/ Russia story a mistake now.  Says everybody makes mistakes. Lol.  Got caught up in bogus lies.
That. Is. Ignorant!
Exactly! 
Tell It Like It Is, Ladies!!!
That was to CHERRIE
Thats Right!

Lol Yugo sisters
You girls are the best! 
Oh another Soros Shill, lovely. So much hate, so little time lol. Good luck in life, you're gonna need it 
Outstanding laydes thats the truth!!!
AwHaww!
Exactly!!!!
The media LOVES this idiot tweeting. That is what he and his idiot supporters don't get. He is screwing himself over with the tweets!!
YOU AND TRUMP NEED TO GO BACK TO AFRICA
You are right on girls.
Nailed it! I LOVE your tweets! They're just mad because THEY CAN'T SILENCE YOU! & Don't you dare let them! This is the only TRUTH I SEE!
Because it's news & media isn't under investigation.
Well put!! Thank you Ladies! 
Great going Ladies.
Ladies, you are great. I love it. Keep it up!
because the media is not a president...
Trump's many surrogates keep saying that "the tweets speak for themselves" - that means the tweets are NEWS, ladies.
You are all such an embarrassment.
Good for you girls.  Media! Stop talking about it and stop accusing the best President ever!

read complete event of watergate @realDonaldTrump
Simple.
You two heifers go sit in the corner
It's the media's job to talk about Trump & Russia. They're trying to let the idiot Trump know to stop tweeting because he's burying himself.
This is soooo absurd on sooo many levels 
You go girls. I luv you.
media is not under investigation but, sureyou already knew that...
EXACTLY! And ObamaCare,too
Love it, way too much logic for the media 
@realDonaldTrump they should replace no good Rachel on msnbc with Diamond and Silk. Don't know how she has a job
OLD POLITICAL TRICK? OTHER'S WILL LEARN OF YOUR DIRTY DEEDS, ONE DAY.  SO, YOU BLAME THE OTHER GUY FIRST.  TRUMP HAS BEEN THAT GUY TOO LONG!
Too beautiful! Love to you both!
I agree

@SkyeShepard God how I love you ladies'
#hahahaha..
If the people want the president to stop tweeting about Russia, he owes it to the people to comply. He works for us now and we can fire him.
You really don't understand the distinction, do you?
Who are you...get Educated ...
Look up for yourself. You will know exactly where P. Trump is coming from.  He has a backbone. Money very tempting but he made his own.
Good one ladies
Porch monkeys
DJT needs to stop tweeting and do the job he was sadly voted to do!!!! #GetOffTwitterDJT and do something positive #ContraversialPresident
THESE LADIES ARE AMAZING
GOD BLESS YOU TWO !
RIght on ladies... I really do love you!
wow the pres retweeted this!! Kudos to u girls!!
Love it!  You are absolutely right! Brilliant !
Right on sisters!
Trump should never stop tweeting!  The democrats want to control the message and that must never be allowed again! Never again!
*doesn't mutherffuck
Well, ladies, because of all the evidence. I love to see your guy mess up all over twitter every single day of the week. He is going down.
I love you two
I just luv you two
Ladies u tell them!
Smart ladies. Why don't they?
Love these girls
Hope you girls get your own show.
#diamond sisters  own show.
The media should just zip their lips anyway. Donald Trump is much more honest and interesting any day.
I love the tweeting, it the first time in my life I feel truly informed by those in power. I think more leaders should be like Trump! #maga
Agreed
Because it is a media's job to inform about things. Ever thought of that?

Well, because it benefits the media to talk about the Russia story.  While in the other hand, it HURTS Trump to talk about. Morons.
In 1936 there were Jews who supported Hitler.  I never understood that either.
I just read that Ted Cruz and Rand Paul great tools for illuminati.No vote from them.  Have to sell your soul to be members illuminati,Satan
Love you ladies! Keep doing what you do. Always watching on FB now I got Twitter and watch yal here too.
Donald quit contribution to the anger of the media.
@realDonaldTrump the president should stop tweeting in general.
You are so sad
# They are angry with his tweets bc he's unfiltered talking 2 his supporters. How's he going 2 talk 2 the ppl 2 hear what he's sayin if stp
How did y'all get so smart??!!!!Love it
Exactly
Dear Diamond and Silk. Tone your real truth talk Thank you for being so level headed` -from another non white hispanic woman!
Sorry, mistake J meant Love your real truth talk I
Because you are a traitor
stop talking abt Russia? lmfao ya u wish sweetheart. Keep dreaming
Yeah because that works so well
Dems can't stop talking because of daily Twitter storm from @realDonaldTrump. Pure BS. He is under investigation! Evidence - all on him.
Yes
