Macron is a decent president unlike trump, vulgar, uncivil and incompetent!
I love you I can't wait to meet you some day
Me too.  Live out to our president and to our country.  Country before political party
so your ok w a little treason bc he's an American?
We Love you,  thank you so much for your service President Trump
NO. You did not represent ME.
We are 20 trillion in debt, we need a real American who really loves America and not ashamed of it !   Love out to our country
Idiot
You must be a Democrat not over the election last year or just a hater in general
It is embarrassing that Macron gets to represent France, my country, when only 23% of the registered voters voted for him !!!
Love to our president and to our country so proud that he took this horrible job on even though he did not have to as he was already wealthy
Power to change the world is what he go now !!! It is much better and he is doing a better job then who we got !!
Awesome
Great job Mr. President, keep up the good work to make America Great Again.
Trump! Lollllll
Makes me smile when I see the haters and whiners on Trump's TL. Such winning! Seriously #BastilleDay #FridayFeeling
Lordy, look at that orange face start to crack, your false teeth about to fall out and your waddle wabbling around. Sickening
Better than obama's brown face, phony-ass smile, and cocky, jive-ass swagger.
Welcome home.
esperamos no digas otra guarrada a la esposa del presidente frances. Eres un mega naco
Monsieur Macron, dites-lui qu'il doit retirer son approbation pour les forages de pétrole dans l'Arctique
c'est inadmissible


Love THIS & right on @tedcruz Cruz speaking TRUTH 

https://twitter.com/GeorgiaDirtRoad/status/885683812126121985 …
I want to say two curse words. But not going to out of respect not tou@but me.
And you still managed to creep on another president's wife. You have no class or morals
Macron globalist is disgusting...sad days ahead for France!!!
And there are not there to see you
No it's  an embarrassment  that you represent us
AWESOME
Satire?
No thank you, but I see you like to indulge
3 Years, 6 Months, 6 Days, 5 Hours, 55 Minutes, and 43 Seconds
Has this clock stopped or is it just my imagination?
Oh if you liked that parade, just Wait until you see the magnificent parades we will have for your impeachment!
Can't wait for that parade
You Trump haters are pathetic. He's simply saving our country from financial ruin and liberalism. (And you)
FUNNY saving what OK
PRESIDENT OBAMA WAS THE BIGGEST LAUGHING STOCK OF AMERICA
???????????????? WTF r u talking about T...N
Sir trump you need to be in good shape & handsome...enjoy your tour....hilarious 
Don't u get it? All laughing at u/America! Please resign & take treasonous/greedy family with u! #impeachTrumpPenceNow
Honor for YOU. An embarrassment for US.
Oh if you liked that parade, just Wait until you see the magnificent parades we will have for your impeachment!
@tweetmommybop Didn't you pay attention when Clinton was impeached? The President must actually do something
You did a great job President Trump!!
????????????
Yes you did us proud T!
Do u mean P not T ya 40% of NOTHING N CLUELESS. Tell Melanie to stay there n find herself a new man that looks better then the WIDE LOAD she's with now, she deserves better. I'm so sorry Melanie.
Misogynist...
Vive-La TRUMP!! #MAGA #BastilleDay
I was embarrassed when he was such a pervert with Mrs. Macron. I wish she would have bitch-slapped his face right in front of the cameras.
You do not represent me you puppet!
you are the greatest president in the world my name is el Carmi & i  living in israel and ever won in israel love you mister president
Your hair is embarrassing us. It looks like some artificially colored animal died on your head. Can't you manage a mans haircut?
You do NOT represent the United States. You represent Putin and Russia.
Hope that you climb back on the Paris Accord if not we will do climate change without you
I love the sound of Trump and his administration getting flushed down the toilet that's the best sound I have heard for awhile THANKS RUSSIA

Why do you think YOU represent the USA? Macron il ne fait pas!
You do not represent the US, just Russia.
Are you congratulating Macron on the parade? His country still existing? I'm confused.
Or are you congratulating him on your presence at the parade?
You only Represent about 40% of America.  Hillary Clinton Got MORE VOTES!!
Here here. Trump You do not represent we are the laughing stock of the world
Macron is the leader of the free world.
You get a little bit carried away on this one :) like trudeau, he is a young and popular president, but he prepares to destroy our work code
Ooooh! Trudeau is the **other** Leader of the Free world, along with Angela Merkel! You guys have hope and change. We have an orange buffoon
On the orange buffoon, I can't deny you. We still love you America :)
International Trump haters 

He looks old here! Vulgar and inept!
0 followers hahahaha
It was ironic that the President of France hosted a fascist on #BastilleDay
Have respect, dummy up
What are you congratulating him on, you bumbling buffoon? Have you ever read a history book? Do you even know what day it is?
Friday of course, almost time for golf.
His 25th holiday of the year - its tough being the 45th POTUS!
Holiday?  How do you figure that?
Going to a golf resort to play golf and relax is, um, taking a holiday.
Perhaps I missed something. Who is going to a golf resort?
DJT is on his way to the women's open .... I really hope that's a golf thing.
BWAHAHAHA!!! On the golf thing 
You guys gonna wife swap?
would you?
Not with him!
If you'd been alive in 1789, you'd be getting a haircut at the neck, @realdonaldtrump.
In case I need to explain with pictures & stuff...
Because the Ancien Regime (that's the king & his court of hangers-on, buddy) were raising taxes & stealing harvests...
Eventually it got to the point where the 'haters & losers' stormed Versailles (That's like their old White House) & murdered the guards...
They also destroyed the Bastille (no, that's not a metal company) a hated symbol of the regime... kinda like your 'wall'!
Then they spent waaaaaay too long deciding whether to kill the King & Queen, but they got there in the end.
You frothing-at-the-mouth, raging, neanderthal, radical Left WIng liberals really do want to bring beheadings back. Not unlike #ISIS. #MAGA
If it means less MAGA sorts, sure, let's bring back le rasoir national.
Booo @kevincorke selling out! Trumps a fraud!
Bullshit
There is some irony here. Macron will understand.
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations Preside… htt...
faux cul ce Trump 
I bet #Trump doesn't even know what led to #BatilleDay. Otherwise he'd be worried about his and #Republucans' heads with their contempt for the masses in favor of the rich. Repeal the #TaxScam.
I'm ashamed that you mister illegally elected, represent this great country that I fought for that you got out of for a bone spur on ur foot
What a lousy coward you are and I can look myself in the mirror as a proud UNITED STATES MARINE YOU'll never be able to say that MR TRUMP
Remember-17 people were sent to prison with watergate. You are very likely going to be swept up in Trump's mess and you will regret it
https://twitter.com/mechelle1966/status/934847506797727744 …  #TaxReform #ABetterDeal #GOPTaxScam #GOPTaxPlan #DemPartyPlatform
Write your representatives and let them know you will vote against them if they vote for the Tax bill.  https://www.house.gov/representatives 
Congratulation
President Trump, the USA should have a parade to honor both service members as well as police, fire, and medical folks out there.
Thanks for always representing us so well!
Thank you @POTUS for making America great again!
It is embarrassing that you are representing the United States
You are an embarrassment to the Office of the President. You are an embarrassment to the United States
You are turning the United States into a laughing stock
Trump is not just turning us into a laughingstock. He's endangering the lives of 22 million people who will be stripped of their healthcare.
And my daughter has a disability,  if her insurance is damaged in anyway....
I will be ready to lead a civil revolt.
So could afford the premiums under Obamacare?
You need to start an investigation into why Trump supporters are unable to spell “you’re”. Are they missing the apostrophe key? Please help!
You're so smart you voted for Hillary, right? ...did I get that apostrophe correct Snowflake ?
I did not vote for Hillary.
Oh, then you're ( or is it your?) not as smart as I thought. Now you're really feeling the Bern huh? Did I get the apostrophes right?
I did not vote for Bernie.
Then you have no business in this conversation
Oh dear. You’re the one who started a conversation with me.
LOL so my reply to your (did I get that right?) cut on the President in this twitter "conversation" is me starting the conversation? Twisted
Stop #TrumpCare!

Save #Medicaid!

#ProtectOurCare #SaveMedicaid #BastilleDay
Kushner lied - again!

"Forgot" 1 key meeting from 100

#TrumpRussia
DNC who lied!  They hired Fusion GPS  working w/Rinat Akhmetshin on his lobbying for Magnitsky Act w/ Natalia Veselnitkaya worried? Baha
President D.Trump, can be nice for everybody !!!
38% approval rating! Ouch!
do you even know what they are celebrating? #notmypresident
You realize that all the other leaders in the world are laughing at you
We have figured out when you say "not everyone knows this" you mean "I didn't know this thing you all knew until my speechwriter told me."
We all knew France was our oldest ally..... why didn't you?
We all knew Lincoln was a Republican.
Many, many people have written many, many books about the causes of the Civil War.
And everyone but you knew healthcare was complicated.
please sir our people here are in anguish#FreeBiafra
You did a great job beautiful.  That was sarcasm.
Hope you are getting your head clear your the best for are Country
And stop groping women. Do you watch the videos? It's ridiculous #thisisnotnormal #resist
You didn't represent me.
You don't represent me, you're a traitor.
Oh by the way your wifes a strong 7 out of 10

FINE & DANDY TO BE DIPLOMATIC FRANCE IS NOT MAGA 1ST YOU YOURSELF TWEETD HRC GOT AWAY WITH ALOT WNY HAVENT YOU ORDERED AG TO INVESTGATE IIT
We would really prefer you just watch Fix News and send out your cray-cray tweets and not embarrass umm I mean represent us, please.
Love you Me Trump. 
Happy with my President
People are so cruel in their tweets..Im grateful that you are my Commander in chief.. you are a true patriot..
Your salute to our armed forces was an incredible sight to see! Thank you, for standing up for our veterans and military.
It may have been an honor for you but as to the rest of the world....
You do realize that you are exactly like the tyrants who were Guillotined aren't you?
United stolen states
And for the ines who are working against it 2018 is right around the corner!!!

You embarrassed us with your wrestling handshake moves. And, of course your objectifying of Mrs.Macron. Sad!
Yeah you're a lucky SOB-I just wished you better merited the honour.
America has thousands of Charlotte Corday. And only one Marat
Too bad we aren't proud of you! You are a national embarrassment and should keep your ass at home so you stop embarrassing
Yes it is. Must start fighting fire with fire!( dems)
You are a traitor to the American people. And to think, I liked the first two seasons of The Apprentice.  Now you just suck!
It was an honor to not have u going on wild Twitter rampage about cable networks. U should take more of these type of meetings
you do NOT represent me!
Ya the video of you watching the band play, you looked thrilled with great honor!
Great Picture, Great President!!!!
By the way, YOU LOOK GOOD!!
This just in! The last thing you will ever do is REPRESENT the United States of America.
It was an honor to embarrass the US, yet again, by continuing to be a sexual predator?#resign #25AmendmentNow 
#impeach #resist #incompetent
Macron is the GLOBALIST sex toy and now HE is dillusional and thinks he rules Jupiter!?! WTF?!?!?!?!
#Borderwall #MuslimBan
You should move to Canada for your free MEDICAL.
You don't represent my views or morals, or what I believe it is to be American
Trump, damn your hair is a train wreck.
You never have and never will represent the US. You are the antithesis of everything that was great about the US. Honor left WH on Jan 20.
Nice picture . Would look better without you in it.
Stay strong and push those so-called republicans to unite behind you, and get those campaign promises done.
Thank you PRESIDENT TRUMP dont mind the coward sell out TROLLS.....MAGA!
You should already be in jail under treason charges. Conspired to ALTER VOTES in your favor thru enemy state. Hypocrite GOP and constituent
I also can't wait to see you @realDonaldTrump and @DonaldJTrumpJr in jail, along with the rest of your shady, treasonous crew
Let go of his damn hand and keep your hands off his wife, u sleaze.
Idiots that post on here get all their B.S. from the MSM because their 2 lazy 2 research the truth, & that's what's destroying this country!
Bruh he's gonna get us killed from China or Japan ganna bomb us
Are you also proud that you were checking out the first lady of France while your own wife stood there?
बधाई, सर।

照片不错，用美颜了吧
Silly, fool. YOU don't represent US! #IllegitimatePresident #TrumpRussia #impeach #25thamendment
You DO NOT represent the United States!
Represent??  Delusional once again.  They were taking donations to help Jerrys Kid(Orange Amoeba) Trump.  Very-Sad
Hello sir
The Russian military complex thanks you for hosting them at Trump Tower 6/6/2016. They say Спасибо for the gift.
You sexually harassed his wife and he played you like Nero's fiddle!  Look it up...big mistake, huge. You are shamefuln
lost respect for macron. impossible to lose any more respect for trump, when there is none

You don't represent me...
I blocked his posts & they keep popping up! Ugh
Iu
Trump knows what happened to the monarchy and aristocrats during the French Revolution right? Most lost their heads.
OMG, Macron is SO handsome and fit! He makes Trump look so OLD and flabby. Well, he IS old and flabby. Nothing to do there...
<
My wife and I stayed in the Marriott very close to that location you are standing. Very nice view.
Remember? That's the guy who you didn't want to win the French elections.
It is so refreshing to see a new and sincere friendship grow.France and the United States have always had a lot in common!!!
Good thing you just sat there and did nothing, pretty much what you do everyday.
Hide me, Manny!

We love both of you. Real people. This is why you both won the election. Only the smart@people@get to this position. Go make things right!
The french people by an 80 to 20 margin think ur a joke. Way to be tricked into thinking anyone respects u, u fool... #resign
No way did that orange buffoon represent us. The entire world knows the majority of the U.S. voted for HRC.
-_- :) ":) ;)
I apologize to the people of France for the disappointment that is the current American president
You were not representing the United States.  You don't.
An honor to behave like a crude, vulgar American fool?
my Highness wen will you plan to come to kenya
