YOU HAVE ACCESS TO ALL OF THIS INFORMATION.
You can literally pick up the phone and call the FBI.
Why are you citing Fox?
#MondayMorning
Is it because you know the truth?
The FBI will tell you there was no surveillance.
BUT FOX NEWS KNOWS ALL.
God, you are embarrassing.
Literally.
Every.
Morning.
#MondayMorning
#TrumpRussia
This should get at least 65 million shares.
#MondayMorning
#TrumpRussia
#TheResistance
#MondayMorning
#TrumpRussia
#TrumpRussia
#MondayMorning
Stop citing Fox - they're the most fake news-driven outlet of them all. On par with Info Wars & Breitbart.
And it's just brilliant you're ccing the FBI into your tweet - like they'll sit up and pay attention. Sad.
"Quick, the guy we're investigating for corruption just tweeted some Fox News bullshit - put Russia on hold!"
In short: you're a ridiculous hypocrite that loves making himself look brainless. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/781838706030313472 …
Yet another Donald Trump tweet that has not aged well.
Someone should make a Twitter Moments called 'Donald Trump tweets that didn't age well'. It'd be lengthy and would need updating daily.
Like when he said Clinton would have a scandal-riddled Presidency? Or she would be the most corrupt politician ever?

So many lies to pick!
Your Meme means if they're under investigation for doing something wrong, but the surveillance was done to him . Think before you tweet
YES! We, THE PRESIDENT, need to watch FOX NEWS to get our intel, and we relay this intel to the FBI via posting it on TWITTER! This is #MAGA
Previous Presidents were SO WEAK with their reliance on one of the BIGGEST and MOST PROFESSIONAL intelligence communities IN HISTORY.
Who needs INTELLIGENCE BRIEFINGS when we can also watch a MORNING SHOW on tv? This is POTUS 2.0 with INTELLIGENCE 2.0 - SO SOPHISTICITADED!
AMERICA 2.0 - almost better than some of the BEST SEQUELS in movie history! (By the way, is that BANNON in the back of the truck?) #MAGA
Lmao 
 "Twilight Zone "dear God is it over yet?
Nope
atleast you spelt it correctly this time. never thought it would happen, thats unpresidented, well done. oh! and FAKE NEWS, sad!
Fox is a FAKE! entertainment channel honey. zero credibility to your tweet and faux news
I have a source, you!... feeding me fake news
Your crumbling all over the place sweetie, you're making a mess. get yourself together kitten.

#tinyhandsdonnie #TinyHands

Normal?????
Why did you tag the FBI when you can get the info from them? You don't have to wait for FOX. This is unprecedented. You are the President.
And when I cooked a Hot Pocket last night I heard voices from my microwave. Coincidence?
And why did you like my tweet earlier?
He has Alzheimers for sure..........needs to be checked before going any further.
Not necessarily. Many different types of dementia. My money is on Lewy Body dementia.
Yes.
Hilarious!  You sent a tweet and copied the FBI. Do you realize that the FBI is in the Executive Branch - you could just call them!
Trump University may have failed you. I think you need a quick refresher course on the US Constitution.
Maybe next you'll be saying that this is how grapes are ACTUALLY made.  Period!
Who made this amazing image?
These guys :
Thank you!
It was nice to have some non political research for a change.
:-D
So you hate anonymous sources when other news outlets use them but it's ok for Fox?
"sources"

Remember, don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist.
I'm confused is he telling us to not believe fox
For the sane people, yes. For gis supporters that blindly accept his hypocrisy, no.
Your TL suggests you're consumed w/victimhood & no paranoia. I'm happy for a Commander-in-Chief who stresses working together/common goals.
The POTUS doesn't want to "work together" when he alienates Dems and other dissidents as the "enemy". How delusional are you?
However delusional FoxNews tells them to be, I suspect.
NOBODY WIRE-TAPPED TRUMP.

The FBI wiretapped some shady Russians.

Trump was caught because he was in contact w the shady Russians.
Trump is the subject of a counter-intelligence investigation by the FBI. 

THIS is unprecedented in American history.

He is scared.
As has been reported/validated again and again: there is NO evidence for Trump's wire-tapping claim.

He's lying.
There is no evidence that russia hacked our election either but here we are.
Ha!
Believing anything posted by the NY times without performing some due diligence is your ignorance not the Presidents.
Not just the NY Times, my friend. 

Every. Single. News. Organization.

And like half the Republican party at this point.

Catch up.
isn't there a more effective way for you to contact your own FBI than through Twitter????
nope, this is definitely the best platform for that.
FBI:  New twitter, who dis?
.@realDonaldTrump Our IC is funded to protect against foreign agents selling out the national interest–deal with it
1. So @AP now reporting that Mr. "Never worked for Russian interests" Manafort began architecting a global plan to benefit Putin in *2005* 
Oh look–your former campaign manager, staff have turned themselves into foreign agents, selling WH access–what's your kickback? #paytoplay
He's right. He could literally shoot someone and nothing would happen. Is it possible to make a citizens arrest on the president?
Guilty conscience much?
The stench of treason surrounds you, Donald
It blends alluringly with the stink of desperation and mortician's makeup. Watch him try to bottle and sell it.
Nice 
If true it was completely legal!!! This means they have probable cause that you committed a crime!!!
Surveillance is not illegal when they have a warrant.
Are you really too dumb to understand that the legal system gave them the right to spy on you, if true?? This is bad for you not anyone else
You are right.. this is unprecedented.. no President before has committed such treason to warrant this type of govnt action!!
He's not too dumb to realize anything. He is winding his zombie fans up.
This is the #Bannon45 way of #Presidenting.
#LügenPresident
Total insanity. He's actually using material than makes him look bad to encourage his base. Incredible 
What did Goebbels say?
Bannon would know I reckon
Wow, I've read the first quote before but not the second. Thank you. It really is terrifying isn't it?
Do you mean unpresidented?
Seriously dude, turn off the TV & prepare for the week ahead. You have a meeting with the leader of China. TV can wait.
Do 3 hours of homework today and then you can watch all the Fox News you want. Juice boxes too!
Sure wouldn't want you to be my "teacher of etiquette".
"I will be your father figure, put your tiny hand in mine"
I will be your preacher teacher
(Be your daddy)
Anything you have in mind...

Great, now I have that song stuck in my head!
I'm sorry! But it's my in an endless loop in mine as well for the past 2 hours!!!

No wonder you don't like him !!! Your not from are country !!! So Shut up !!! Go home
It's our country not are country and it's you're not your. If you're going to be intolerant of others opinions, at least have good grammar
Hell, if you're going to try to act like you represent our country please have good grammar. Trump's embarassing enough!
He probably thinks you mean grandma.
OMFG did you really tag the FBI in your tweet? 
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/848880519458717698 …
This con man is intellectually unfit for any job
Apparently not, She's not on Fox anymore. Everyone stalking our PRESIDENT is seriously demented.  Geez, get a life.
"Demented?" Could you be even more uneducated, fake profile person? Get an education and a real profile, then you can join the big girl chat
Did you really just @ the FBI on Twitter?
Maybe he doesn't have any contacts there. Let's connect him with our buddy @projectexile7
He's probably been trying to call Guiliani all morning.
Well, Guiliani's cell service sucks when he's in his crypt with the lid on the coffin.
Let me get this straight... you, the president, are tweeting at the FBI, to tell them about something Fox News said on TV?
In the immediate aftermath of a terrorist attack in Europe, yes.
 #Priorities I'm sure an aide will tweet something flippant when Don goes down for his nap.
lump can't read past a 3rd grade level so he dictates all his tweets to aids anyway
stop
Can't stop winning bro
sooo much winning bro
I'm sure you meant "Whining". But @realDonaldTrump is WINNING! Every single day!
Where? In Russia? In his daydreams? On the commode?
Sooo much winning on the commode. Nobody wins on the commode like he does. Bigly.
You fools said Trump could get the info if he wanted so don't be mad when it comes from the WH.
Then where is it. Where's the proof?
Duh, Fox&Friends. Nunes signed on to costar w/NicCage re film adaptation
There was just a bomb blast in St. Petersburg. Shut off your paranoid rants for a while, you narcissist.
Silence speaks volumes.
wish you would do the same....
That's what the mute button is for, Kenny Boy! Using it in 3..2...
It's Monday morning, shouldn't you be working?
REALLY???  this president does more in one day then Obama did in a month!  please!
Are we talking golf? Tweeting? Agreed.
You have access to any intel you want. So why are you citing Fox News? 
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/848880519458717698 …
Excellent point lol. I think he has morning WH briefing read to him, then watches @foxnews and tweets whatever conflicts with report
This. Is. EVERYTHING! Her face is like "Ugh! THIS shit again?!?" 
Oh shit he's losing it...
& let's be clear he's quoting Fox and making it look like he's quoting the @FBI when in reality he's just trying to tell them what he heard
.@realDonaldTrump Which means a FISA court approved it. Which means you're guilty as hell. #RussiaGate #resist
Monitoring tweets is technically "electronic surveillance". 
Since you replied to others before/during/after election, you've done the same.
Touche

You are the President. Why are you relying on Fox for your info? Is it because they are putting up a smokescreen for you to cling to?
If you and your goons got caught up in surveillance of Russian operatives...that's on you buddy. https://youtu.be/HfqafLjePqw 
Hey Donnie? You don't have to tweet to the FBI. You can use your iPhone to call them now. @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @FBI
Donny Boy is a Samsung Galaxy man.
Deflect deflect deflect...
You're getting "intel" from @FoxNews? #Sad. Instead:

1) Call FBI

2) Ask: Was a FISA warrant approved?

Anticipated answer: No. #moveon
Answer is actually yes. LOL we already know there was a FISA warrant in place.
And now, our regularly scheduled rage-tweeting binge from the so-called president. @realDonaldTrump
.@FoxNews from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." @FBI
I didn't realize until recently just how insane the whole Cernovich / Hoft "Obamagate" derp-fest had become. Holy crap these ppl are nuts.
Pretty sure FOX news isn't an intel agency. Maybe a cartoon though...https://youtu.be/HfqafLjePqw 
On the bright side: you've learned to spell "unprecedented." #UnPresidented
.@realDonaldTrump Per @FoxNews also: "Obama microwave ovens and refrigerators were the main tools used for surveillance."
.@realDonaldTrump You're terrified of the investigation. You should welcome it if there's nothing to find. #RusiaGate #resist
Because people close to you are colluding with foreign adversaries who are already under surveillance. Dig deeper. Shovel isn't big enough.
You are President of the United States. Why are you getting "news" from a propaganda outlet instead from the resources of the US government?
Because Fox tells him what he wants to hear. The FBI won't.
Do you mean 'unpresidented'?
I hope we can all say "Unpresidented" in reference to Trump really soon. #Impeach
What is unprecedented is your lack of ownership into any of this. https://youtu.be/HfqafLjePqw 
You're president now. Shouldn't you be getting your information from the FBI and the CIA???
Oh look who learned how to spell "unprecedented." At this rate, you'll be reading at a sixth grade level in prison.
This is all time you could be working with Pence on the exact language for the pardon you're going to make him issue you in a few months.
The @FBI already knows. You don't have to keep reminding them of your treason. If you want to help, stop obstructing the investigation.
.@realDonaldTrump don't u hate 'unnamed sources!?' Don't u always discredit them if they're not named? Name those sources! FAKE NEWS! #Trump
Where is your or MSM evidence of Russia and Trump?
Well let's see--incidental contact on wiretaps concerning Russians who were bad guys. Many links to Russians by his staff and family 
Again....there's no evidence being shown to me.
I have looked at every single thing about MSM/other sites and there is no official documents or audio recordings to prove it.
I know--because Comey saying it in open investigations that are recorded are so suspect. Like pussy grabbing.
Might be time to shutdown FBI/CIA and create a new intelligence committee. Kennedy wanted to do the same thing. Who can you trust ? SMH.
At minimum fire #Comey ASAP & re-organize the #FBI & #CIA. #Pompeo needs to make sure his operatives are loyal to him. Fire all Obama agents
I agree, but some of the Obama agents probably have recruited some agents to be with them. Question is how many and who can he trust ?
It may be a long process but it has to be done. Top positions have to be loyal & work down to loyalty in the field. #POTUS must stop leaks.
the cia isn't pitical and agents have worked for lots of presidents.
I don't trust them or the FBI to be honest. ? In the short time that Trump has been in office has either of them been caught in a lie ?
are you suggesting Trump has not been caught in a lie?  He has 500+.
This is espionage conducted by Clapper and your FBI Director.  Comey & McCabe are Dirty!  Clean House Mr President.
you people need to read the law lol!  You obviously don't understand unmasking is legal.
no maybe a history lesson might help u understand the difference here look up Watergate!
There is a lot of evidence, that is why they started inv.
I beg 2 differ it started bc Obozo wanted a way 2 tank DJT & make sure Killery win
ok, i know that news Russia fed u.  It really is easy to find out what is fake.  If you care.
hahaha delusional give me just 1 piece of evidence that Trump team colluded w/ Russia
seriously?  Pay attention, there is a lot.
Why Is The @FBI Still Doing Nothing 

Why Isn't James Comey Fired Yet? 

Why Isn't Clinton / Obama In Jail Yet? 

AREN'T RICH PLP ACCTNBL
Politically corrupt establishment is apparently not accountable.  And in USA the media doesn't cover it. Also apparently. What's going on?!
'Sources' ... hahahahahaha. Aren't 'sources' things you called 'fake' last month? #fakepresident
Shut up already. Starting to wish i had not voted for you. About to start wars with @NorthKorea24 and others. Ww111 here we come
@Trump_Regrets You aren't alone in thinking that!
not when there is an ongoing investigation and all your ppl are talking to Russia!!
WE The People demand prosecution. WE will not tolerate anarchy by the Shadow. We are no longer sleeping.
Don't let up Mr President! This entire team was after you the entire time and even now that your are president.  They need to be prosecuted.
he has been med The King Of Whoppers by our gov?  Won Pants on Fire? . .no?
Don't be like that old man... You know why they did it.
No it's not Donald.  It's been going on for decades. See Clinton / Echelon political spying.  Snap the fucknout of it.

I have a torn miniscus or I'd be doing that!
Ouch! Hope you heal up nicely
Lt Gen Michael Hayden former director of NSA, "absolutely lawful..even somewhat routine." Quit trying to pull focus off RussiaGate. Pathetic
And, illegal. Obama emptied the prisons just in time for its new residents in crime, @jeffsessions 
It was surveillance of Russia and that you show up on that surveillance is unprecedented #Resist #ImpeachTrump
This is going to make watergate look like a speeding ticket.
Unprecedented? For a corrupt businessman with known ties to both organized crime and foreign powers to be legally monitored & investigated?
Are you sure you know what that word means? Because what I think you meant was "entirely predictable".
Although in all fairness the only word you need to learn is IMPEACHMENT.

Tick tock, orange man. Tick tock.

#CountdownToImpeachment
I hope Susan and the Obama  gang go down now. I am with you and my momma taught me respect! Makes you more successful.. #jewgal #israel
Of course there is surveillance of you! Its because you are a spy for Russia, a traitor to this country and a total criminal. Mafiosa!
No, what is unprecedented is that our President and his administration are corrupt, incompetent and in over their heads.
When the POTUS is committing treason, yes, it is unprecedented!
Happened! Which if other candidates were survailed too?! T can't be only one!! #RiceGate @AGJeffBSessions @FBI
@JOMainEvent @FoxNews @FBI  You might REMIND Comey-"who LIED TO CONGRESS"-THAT HE "FORGOT TO WARN YOU OF THE SURVEILLANCE."
Bill O'Reilly "should have fought the charges" Like you fought the Fake University charges? Hypocrite!
Excuse me @realDonaldTrump can you let us know when we can expect you to act like a president? Will put it on the calendar. Thanks!
#April15TaxMarch

#WhatIsHeHiding?#ReleaseTheReturns!#ChickenDonald,
#ShowUsYourTaxes https://www.facebook.com/taxmarchnyc/videos/1252265924841782/ …
Well you must have done something wrong
This from a man that just signed our internet privacy away?
The sources that kiss your ass? Sources from the voices in your head? Which ones? #Trumprussia #Impeach45
DOES TRUMP HAVE TO ROLL AROUND NAKED ON THE WH LAWN, EAT GRASS, AND GO "VROOM, VROOM. I'M A LAWN MOWER" FOR US TO IMPEACH HIM?!?
Mr Trump please listen to Bannon and REFORM government like you promised. Don’t listen to anyone who says contrary.
Because you've been laundering money for Russians for years now.
Fox News is your bubble.  As president you should expand your horizons.
From your mates at Fox News. Every time you put that in a tweet the whole world laughs at you.
@NBCNews #DrMrPresident you are so embarrassing
yeah because the criminal activity of you andur campaign was unprecedented!!! You jackass buffoon illegitimate embarrassment. #impeachtrump
You are crazy.
#ImpeachTrump! Your whole corrupt band of crooks is going down. What's unprecedented, is a WH meddling in their own investigation!
Mr president, please release the tapes and show America how bad these "deep state" ppl are... I DARE U @realdonaldtrump
Those "around" Trump fell under surveillance because of their Russian contacts particularly given hacking etc
Don't you mean unpresidented?
no, when people are suspected of colluding with an enemy of he United States it's quite common to listen in!
Maybe your people should not have been talking to Russians during the election?  How about that for an idea?
You should check with President Bannon. Don't you have access to the FBI? You have to tweet them? #SAD #foxNewsFauxNews
I am a raging, lying a$$h0le.
Are you listening @FBI ? The crazy man in the White House wants you to know that Fox News uncovered the big scandal!  @maddow @nbcsnl
You SHOULD be under surveillance: you've made your treasonous biz deals quite obvious. @FoxNews @FBI
You're seriously the worst human being still breathing.
Hey,  pssst - Fox "News" is entertainment channel. Try getting your intelligence from the Intell. Community!
#Wrong More #FakeNews from the #fakepresident   Way to go #crookeddonald
Fox news knows nothing the FBI doesn't  Don't be a fool.
Did you forget about Nixon and Watergate? Precedent. 
But I wouldn't expect you to think.
Also unprecedented: a potus who warrants surveillance in the interests of natl security. Oh my.
Yeah, you and your people were engaged in treasonous activities with foreign agents and were swept up when those agents were investigated.
Prz @realDonaldTrump: U NOT ALONE! ThousOfUnwittgCivilians Targtd4Unconstitutional FBI&NSA ElectronicHarssmt+WORSE
YOU are wasting our tax dollars reading tweets & tweeting...for EXAMPLE...today from 6:30-8:30am  @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @FBI
We need a new head of @FBI @CIA @NSA to restore confidence.
Is our president really Tweeting at the FBI?
Make America Great again, impeach Donald Trump
You know these guys are after you Trump. Fire all Obama leftovers & get rid of Comey. You'll see he's behind 90% of this spying of you.
It's embarrassing that you present Fox News as a legitimate news source to your deplorables.  #FakeNewsMedia
U just SOLD our Internet Privacy but ur upset that you may have been caught committing TREASON!?R u frigging kidding? Fry in hell,hypocrite!
Trim is ridiculous and  bi polar a disgrace to the office
Who are the sources? Where is the evidence? Does your ass get tired with all the lies that come out of it.
We love you sir! Stand ur ground we are all behind u! Twitter will bury this tweet probably but Americans are proud of you and are loyal!!
So you tried to manufacturing evidence and it backfired, lol.  You're going down soon senile old man.

Peace and Justice, Rep that and I will be impressed.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @FBI 
a) No there wasn't. Those reports are unverified.
b) STOP TAGGING THE FBI. YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT.
People with brains don't watch Fox news
it's not unprecedented when someone now in power is committing treason, you piles of human waste! #Watergate
Would you just do your dam job !!
Yes let's get back to you Donnie we all know your actions were just a distraction
You are utterly delusional
Your microwave is watching you Donnie...
Tony Napolitano fired. Mark Levin exposed. Alex Jones exposed. Do you get your info from hallucinations, comic books, or the Nat'l Enquirer?
#fakenews 
The SS sends me hour sheets for all kinds of surveillance. Golf mutch?
#1917Live
'Multiple sources'. Seems legit.
Crooks and cheats are often under surveillance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=Cw0xln927lc …
Who needs intelligence sources when FalseNews I mean @FoxNews has the best intel on everything. Build the wall! Watch Fox News!
#trumprussia Ofcourse they are on your case. You have shitloads to hide. Good job #fbi
#TrumpLies #distraction from #TrumpRussia
Arrest, along with Sanctuary City/State Mayors, and put in prison.
Stop passing fake news
You're delusional.
Psst.  They know already doofus.
Unprecedented, but not unexpected.
But it's still a rub... & they couldn't cheat & win.
Oh well.
Back to the future!
wow. you're TWEETING AT the FBI? you have NO idea how anything in government works, do you? also, re: Fox News Claims: WRONG.
Your again spreding Lies w/ No Facts or Evidence. Time to Grow up and Not destroy the Country w/ a Tweet. #FounderofFakeNews #ImpeachTrump!
Is someone spying on you through the microwave again? Or through the TV, radio or computer? Better check your mobile phone too.
Yeah, just like there was monitoring of President Nixon. It doesn't matter how you get found out, it only matters that you get found out. 
A woman-abusing president defending a woman-abusing news anchor.  Unprecedented and Unpresidential.  #PresidentNutJob
Failing @nytimes has at least documented the crimes of the previous administration. #TheResistance is feeble.  Implicating #BHO #SusanRice.
Maybe it's because you're a Russian agent and ya know, we just don't think that's cool.
H-he actually tagged the FBI. For a report from fox news. The FBI. The same people that help with intel briefings?
I think he has autism.
It's also untrue. U are the fake news U rally against.stop watching Fox News and do UR job!  Such a child! #TrumpLies
This is an outrage! But it's interesting that Obama's admin found nothing to blackmail you with pre election with intel surveillance.
I agree! However, I have faith in you and more  importantly in GOD!  You will overcome this and much more. Praise Jesus my hope & strength!
And it's illegal.  Make SURE those who are responsibly are all held accountable.  Just just fired..but PRISON.
Will you stop f'ing lying? My God you SHOULD be under surveillance! You're trying to sell our country! This isn't t.v. buffoon. #badprez
But you hate sources 
WHO CARES!!!!!!  START BEING OUR PRESIDENT.  STOP ACTING LIKE A BUFFOON.  GET SOME B#@LS AND GET RID OF BANNON AND A COUPLE OF OTHERS.
Funny, you cite Fox but you control all the evidence. Why not just show us all the evidence? Because you have none!
Advertisers pulling Ads from Fox. Paid millions for a pigs actions. I guess OReilly must have been inspired by you and Billy Bush.
Do you have a cocaine addiction? This kind of paranoia is common. Get help.
AG Sessions committed a felony by lying under oath. Now Kushner lied on FBI form. Felony. If ordinary people did it, jail time. Charge them.
You and your band of criminals should be under constant surveillance
@rogerailes is a serial sexual harasser b/c it worked with some!.Anything @FoxNews says is unbelievable if their jurons are morally bankrupt
Right now every media outlet BUT FOX is spreading fake news.
