So what? Not even keeping pace with Obama's job growth.

From someone who promised JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!?
Don't forget! The graphic includes the words, "So far." It's a cliffhanger.
That's right! Don't forget to tune in to next month's episode of Crazy Uncle President Destroys the Economy, exclusively on Trump TV! 
I love how these #TrumpSupporters act like the number was at zero until he got into office. Economists say it's @BarackObama continued.
Well, guess that depends who you listen to, kind of like polls! Only as good as the info inputted!
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence #American People would like Acosta to do an investigation on how Obama & BLS were able to Fake the Jobs Nos.
They kept saying more working, i saw was work force sitting on butt, getting free food & phone!now only have 1 young man out of work.
This is false. Facts matter.
Okay I get it now. You people just really get off on lying.. America will have the last laugh
Context matters.
Jobs added Jan-Sep (in Thou)
2011 1,532
2012 1,620
2013 1,785
2014 2,204
2015 1,881
2016 1,797
2017 1,198
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics
Jobs added Jan-Sep (in Thou)
2011 1,532
2012 1,620
2013 1,785
2014 2,204
2015 1,881
2016 1,797
2017 1,198
How about monthly average from Jan-Sep for the last 7 years?
2011 170.2
2012 180.0
2013 198.3
2014 244.9
2015 209.0
2016 199.7
2017 148.2
I added 3 new jobs !  LOL
Fixing #fanniegate will create thousands of jobs not to mention pull our Constitution out of the swamp. Need to expose Obama's theft!
Who is the fool who wrote this. They bailed them out taking 240 billion ti soend as the seem fit return fir tax payers money.
Fake fox
Serious question: Why do so many of you lie so much? I will Pray for you guys.
Oh yeah? What about today? What about #equalPay? What about getting compassion?
Job growth slumps in August

Here's one job @POTUS added, 71-year old golf caddy.

My mother has been blessed by God to survive 3 strokes and a heart attack to witness the country she loves saved from the Democrats.
I see a second term in President Trump's future
Really?  Maybe you should have your eyesight checked.
Put high tariffs on China's trinkets and trash now and keep them there until they control north korea
Thanks Pres Obama for turning out economy around, helping auto industry and investing in Americans'! Obama got us on the right track! TRUTH!
Thank you, Mr. President!  My son was one of those who has a new job!  He'd been out of one for over a year.

Thanks Obama!
And I'll only need three of them to make half what I used to.
Obama made more jobs, same period last year.
Many more!
Stock market tripled under Obama. you have no facts, only hate.
So, in other words, Trump is claiming credit for being at the top of a bubble that he's intensified since taking office?
He does not control the fed (or has he crossed that line, too?)
He has created fewer jobs than Obama over same time frame
where was your Obama count? Oh yeah that would be against your bash Obama rants..
STOP WATCHING FOX! They NEVER give you REAL FACTS and you look RIDICOULOUS BRAGGING! THANKS, OBAMA!
 https://data.bls.gov/timeseries/CES0000000001?output_view=net_1mth …
Yup thanks to Obama.  Let's revisit this in a year.  BTW is it true Eric Bolling likes to send pics of his junk #youmustbeproud
Far less than prior administrations... Divided by six months plus, I wouldn't be bragging.

They sourced the BLS.  https://www.bls.gov/  Care to fact check them?
Yea, they just aren't mentioning that it really doesn't haven't much to with Trump and a lot to do with Obama. Here's a really interesting
Paper I found on the subject of dem economics vs republican. Enjoy  https://www.princeton.edu/~mwatson/papers/Presidents_Blinder_Watson_Nov2013.pdf …
Obama had more. Thanks for playing.
Oh BTW... #FireHannity #FireHannity  #FireHannity
Really tho? A million jobs in 6 months? Which 3 of those months were spent on a golf course? Get real @FoxNews @POTUS
Thank you so much!!! 
@BarackObama #TrumpLies
Obama did the same during his first 200 days, and he has kep it going.  You have nothing to do with the jobs!
Here's one job @POTUS added, Communications Director.
So we're down 200k jobs from the same time last year. You're slowing down the economy and sellling it as progress. Trumpets will believe it.
Your figures are FAKE NEWS....not based on gov't report, but on ADP "estimates"..and added jobs before Trump was in office...more lies!
#grandjury
OBAMA'S NUMBERS WERE BIGGER AND BETTER
Potus Trump breaks the record to make a lot jobs. Obama hasn't enough balls to do that.
You are all the worst
The job growth is still from @BarackObama presidency
How is it fair and balanced when your network is obviously conservative Republican? Major conflict of reporting.
Conservative news channels
- One America News Network
- NewsMax
- The Blaze
- Any Sinclair Broadcast station
You forgot:

-Alex Jones's promo shoutings live
-O'Reilly's angry groping podcast and 
Limbaugh's Bowel Movement Monthly
that's true 
but I was keeping with TV channels
When you count radio and the Internet, the Right Wing dominates propaganda in America
oh, it's true
Right Wing hate radio dominates AM radio
RIGHT WING TALK SHOW LIST
=> https://www.conservativeusa.org/talk-show-mega-list …
BLS stands for BuLlShit
Hahaha! And what about my 401k I wonder???  There is a huge atmosphere shift of hope in my nieghborhood! Everyone thinking of inovative poss
The first 8 months were still in Obama's fiscal period. That's why your news SUX! #IMPEACHTRUMP #MUELLERTIME #THEGOPSUX
Orange Blob does not get credit for ANY growth until after a year in office.
Thats stupid these libs need to get a life
Would you like cheese with that? Kind a jobs...
Good thing cuz a person needs three of these low paying jobs to make ends meet.
That taking the piss how many ppl doses it take to be in offices
Less than Obama years.
How many were added same time last year. Its the Obama effect fake fox.
Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha Hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha 
RT @FoxNews: Jobs added during @POTUS' time in office. ...
#Fake45 #Impeach45 @POTUS @realDenaldTrump
So many things wrong, he got 1 million not millions and made that into billions didn't just spend it




God, I WISH!!

Wow:  Obama says Donald
Trump is not "equipped" to be
president…

#ReTweet if you Stand
With Eric Bolling  

We Stand With You

…

#EricBolling: "Donald Trump
is your president get use to it" 

#EricBolling: "Stand up and
show some respect for your
country, or get the hell out"

…

  WE FOUND The 60
Minutes Interview George
Soros Tried To Bury  
@realDonaldTrump 
If Obama's administration did this it would have been plastered all over. Where's Trump's congratulations!
Obama administration DID do this last 6 mo of 2016. 1st 6 mo. Last 6 mo of 2015. And so on. It's not only not historic it's below others.


right..... but you do realize the numbers have to go down because the US is approaching full employment ?

#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus
The leader(chyren) will suddenly become known to the world ; just keep watching
lol
Prophecies of Nostradamus have been debunked over & over throughout the decades
It's certainly not from optimism of his leadership. 15 mill under Obama, 22 mill under Clinton. He's on par w Obama starting in depression
Jobs added over the same 1st 7 months last year 1,372,000, so you didn't do quite as good as Obama .. but keep trying, you are a good boy.
No matter what you do, nobody likes you LOL
One can only imagine the growth had the GOP ended constraints of Ocare & opened up full time employment again, possibilities were endless.
Thank You President @BarackObama!!
It wasn't ALL his doing....FAKE NEWS !!
Not true. Those statistics go back 18 months. While Trump may think he was president that long, the rest of us know he can't do math.
Great job on creating jobs Mr. Trump!!! Best president we've had in a long damn time!!!
The dollar has lost all gains made this year after Trumps crazy rant yesterday.  Thanks Mr. President.
Which didn't happen because of any trump policy

And what's the nature of such jobs ? are they well paid ? and in what sectors, Quantitative Finance ?
?
#ThanksObama
Bullshit
Thanks Obamas.
Twitter Audit for @foxnews 8,838,156 Real
6,400,044 Fake
Followers (Looks like you have credibility issues, just like Trump. Go figure...)
Without Obama and his staff you would have nothing! #ThanksObama
Thanks, Obama!
and what piece of legislation has that idiot passed to create one of those jobs?
@LoveTrumpNow @POTUS 
Fake news with false numbers
Job creation going down with h Trump! What a mistake electing this guy!
When big red button is pushed, a job wont help. We can have a president who accomplishes the same things without fomenting nuclear war.
The Trump presidency is having far reaching effects on employment. I found inspiration and a job, because of Trump's new America, in Canada.
Thank you President OBAMA!!!
Thanks to President Obama & the Obama adms Chump is delusional if he thinks ppl believe in 7 months he is the cause of these jobs
Too bad most of them were in the works since the last admin was in office.
All thanks to President Obama!
R u counting ur Daughter&In Law appts into Govt job in this stats #POTUS?Wow u created 2 jobs + your own as ur only achievement @NewDay
Obama added at least that during his last 6 months.  And he took us out of the Great Recession.
BULLSHIT NEWS!
So less than under obama?
Those jobs are added security guards at the golf courses Trump frequents
AREN'T YOU ON VACATION WITH PUTIN.NO MEETINGS NO CALLS PLEASE,  ONLY TWEET FROM TWEETER MIN 3h INTERVAL LESS THAN 5 PER DAY NOT AFTER SUNSET
And it has not one iota to do with Trump.
BULL SHIT REPORT
More LIES from Failing Fox News!
Is this an acceleration over President @BarackObama ?  No?  Oops is didnt think so?  Gonna take credit for the 200+ sunrises too?  Pathetic!
Thank you President Barack Obama.
Haha what a stupid lie.
Thanks Obama
Class acts in the WH and Trump properties : 0
Thank you @BarackObama
Thank you, Real Deal President  @BarackObama for the trend you left behind. Hopefully 45 doesn't screw it up.
And all thanks to the Obama administration. Thanks Obama!
Thanks President Obama!
President Trump MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MEGA #WeAreTrump
Even more important is that 1.1 Million is off food stamps! Great job
Impressive!
THANKS OBAMA! Trump and his supporters are SO ignorant and uneducated to understand simple math!
Recruiting in Military will add the numbers.
All those jobs based on Obama's management. Tell it to the coal workers.
Thanks, President Obama! Twitler had nothing to do with it.
Lol!!! Ok
Keep going.  You may catch up to the 11.3 million new jobs created under President Obama.
Does BLS stand for Bullshit?
FAKE NEWS!!!!
Thanks Obama. All Donald did was embarrass the US and make this country a great laughingstock. This is his last term.
Who cares
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS thanks OBAMA

Please add to that: One boneheaded endorsement of crony hack Luther Strange.
Obama lost Jobs in the beginning. Then finish on a high note. Now trump has gain Jobs in the beginning and will finish on a low note. #facts
Look at all those jobs added!  Thanks Obama!!

Hey America Who do you think I am Loretta or Elizabeth 
@AGLynch Used an Email Alias While Trying to Bury Clinton Tarmac Meeting 
Wow that's BIGGEST , LARGEST, HUGEST NUMBER EVER . Big big big !! Wow ! Wow  wowza  happy golfing President T Say hi to @ericbolling 4me
BULLSHIT!
I can "create" a mill jobs too. Doesn't mean they exist.
Thanks Obama!!!
Why would you endorse a McConnell pick who is obstructing you & not Mo Brooks who backs you entirely? Mixed & confused messages. ???
Riding Obama's coat tails
#FakeNews
@realDonaldTrump  37.4 thousand "likes" are fake.
It would be 3 times that if Congress would get off their high horses & actually earn their salaries & every thing else they can steal!
Zero fiscal policies but sure take credit for job numbers
Thanks, @BarackObama!
Please share how Trump is credited with these job #s? Explain ehat he's done legislatively to create jobs.
Thanks Obama!
The very affluent, and only the very affluent, have received significant raises in recent decades

#FireHannity

You forgot to add the 150 illegals that he hired at Maralago.He doesnt hire AMERICANS. #pence4Prez #MAGA
Guess what? When you take the cumulative sum of something the numbers always go up. Misleading. No appropriate economic context. Sad!
Yeah right  more. Wages are the same. You were a horrible biz man now you a POS President
thank yo Obama for all your great work
#ThanksObama
Lie. Proverbs 12:22.
Fox News = Fake News - so what is it for ?
Thank you, @BarackObama
Fewer than the jobs added in the same period last year. Thus @POTUS is a failure, insofar as this number.
"FAIL" 4 ALL hashtags here (August 6, 2017; 23:30 EDT) #RUSSIAGATE #FOXnewsus #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Well below Obama's jobs numbers from the same time period his last 3 years!! And well below GW Bush & Clinton's numbers in their last 2!!
Explain HOW Trump did it. Saying it doesn't make it so. #FakeNews #Foxnews #considerthesource.
Just like President Obama's last 6 mos.
That's like saying I was responsible for the sun rising just because I happened to be outside this morning! #Trumpaganda
you got a long ways to go to catch up
Fewer than in the first six months of 2016.

SAD.
Fake News

Do you remember that women's march and that flood of hats a you flipped channel to channel .. Me to .. except I was looking up at you ;)
U all need to b thanking Obama. Cause this piece of whatever u wanna call it. Had nothing to do with that number.
Jimmy Carter added 2.14 million jobs in his first 6 months. In other words, an unpopular Democratic president doubled your numbers. HA!
Thanks Obama!!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS thank you President @BarackObama !!
Your numbers pale in comparison to Obama!
Say thank you to the black guy......
Every white house job still counts as one, firing and hiring people doesn't count
If Trump retweeted this it must be fake news.
Fake news
YRYIN SO HARD TO MAKE HIM SOUND GOOD. SAD
