U have had more attrnys who have either left of their own volition or have been asked to leave.  Either way, no attrny wants to work for u.  

Ultimtly, your administration is so disorganized that ppl don't want to wrk for u.  And, you have made ur disorganized bed now lay in it!
Srsly? Srsly? Like you have no time for golf? Or tweeting? You obvs watch more tv than I do. You're a hot mess! You're house is a hot mess!
@RepAdamSchiff is getting to him.
U will profit from tax scam b/c of yr real estate holdings & chg 2 estate tx. Amer ppl that voted 4 u b/c they thought u would help them w/wind up paying more txs. Ryan wants 2 go after "entitlements"-SS,Medicare,Medicaid & u said wouldn't b touched. Who's lying?
Bull hockey.
You only work for the RICH!!!
But you just said after watching TV you decided to sign that POS tax bill...now go play golf oh lazy one.
You don't get what you wish for, you get what you work for.
No, working people have “very little time for watching TV”.  That means it couldn’t possibly apply to Trump
For sure! Eight hours of watching tv must seem like 8 minutes. So you’ve heard that your approval rate according to the Pew poll is at 32%. I know Fox reports inflated numbers but still, a growing disapproval rate. Sad, eh?
So @realDonaldTrump, this tweet doesn't seem to have aged well. 8 hours a day of TV watching?!? Dear Fake Jesus man, you need an intervention. 
#InsecurePresident #WeakEgo #MamasBoy #Wimp #Dotard #Despot #DickTaterTot
YOU LIE LIE A RUG
He is nothing but a liar and anyone who thinks he cares about the real working class is crazier than trump is
Has anyone invented an implantable lie detector?  @realDonaldTrump has agreed to be a beta tester.
Ahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha Haaaaaaaaa! Okay Drumphie #TrumpRussia
Maybe take down all the tv screens THEN you're not watching tv.  Loser and traitor of American president. Failure.
Except for state run television False News, er, Fox and Friends.  On a loop, on a loop, on a loop....
Uh,huh.  That's why your Tweets repeating idiocy from Fox and friends happen every morning. You're addicted to propaganda.
The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform &amp; many other things. I have very little ti...
Hahaha, all you do is watch TV and throw twitter tantrums. Do you hear that? It's Mueller and he's coming for you. Have fun in prison.
.@realdonaldtrump You're a liar. Every day, all day. You have no doubt been glued to TV all day. You have no real interest in anything else.
You are going to jail, boo.
I am retired in Uruguay and I can not spend my money in US
PLEASE FREE VISA FOR URUGUAY, I HAVE SOCIAL SECURITY AND I CAN NOT ENTER TO US, IS UNBELIEVABLE !!

Kinda hard to carry a t.v. on your back when you're out on the golf course I guess.
Paul Rayn has to start working!! Help our prez, our country! He talks and talks and do nothing!! “ Mr.Ryan, what happened  2the health bill”
And now? Paul,,,You keep talking but, does nothing about the tax bill ! What’s happening to you guys! Are you incompetent ! Resign! Let someone else to do the work!
Our prez works more than the whole congress!PRESS Paul Ryan to stop wasting his time looking “cute” He wants to be the prez! We can c it!
You're delusional
I love how the MSM think they have the next big story to sink 45.
If this was true & not #FakeNews there'd be no reason to say so oh king of  the well oiled machine. 

#25thAmendmentNow
"I have plenty of time on my hands..all I do is work,” says Trump, explaining his football tweet parade while ignoring Puerto Rico disaster.
Obama personally answered press questions about the ACA for thirty minutes

imagine how much you would fail if you tried to do that
Disappointed in John Mc Cain and R. Paul. It's bad when Bernie is praising you. Listen up John and Rand Paul.
Bullshit. Watching TV is about ALL U do. Since you know zero about government and running a country watching TV is only thing left 
read a book
Fag
Not cool.
You've failed at all of the above. Plus the wall, Muslim ban, infrastructure. Don't blame Congress for failed health care. You're the Pres.
Uh huh...whatever you say Donnie.  Just resign please.  #trumpresign
Lmao. It's so fun to watch you lose track of your own lies as you slide into dementia. 
If you weren't so morally bankrupt I might pity you.
Sure...
My gawd all y do is lie and play golf.   You don't know the meaning of hard work
FOXNews just TRASHED you, Donald!!
Then why do you watch it all the time?
Hahahaha!
I disagree. Nothing human beings do is ever perfect.
LOL #ImpeachTrump
But plenty of time for Twitter and golf, eh fat man...
WH is functioning like The Flintstones vehicle. Going backward to the dark ages. Yet King of the country still has has steak for dinner.
"Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain."
hardly anyone would listen to me, but they are now!
This tweet didnt age well...
lol sure donny
When  fly
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
You are PA THE TIC!!!!!!!!
As you watch Fox News while Tweeting this.
I love it when Donnie shares a tiny morsel of lie that means chaos in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, it is a tornado siten. 4 shelter.  5,4, hold on 3, 2



This is hilarious, even for clownass @realDonaldTrump
This hasn't aged well 
Ha!
Hahahahaha. Donald, u are a joke.
Do you still have your father's KKK hood? Asking for a friend. #Resist

Is there even anyone left at the WH? Or is it just you arguing with Lincoln's  ghost over who the bad guys were at this point?
DELUSIONAL
Lol but please watch this:
Go back to golfing.  No one cares what you tweet anymore #twitler.  We like @BarackObama s tweets
Seriously? "Running perfectly"?
People are running like rats from a sinking ship! You're UNFIT, UNQUALIFIED & ILLIGITIMATE ! RESIGN!

Bwahahaha! Seriously?!
The healthcare went really well--almost as well as the secret plan to defeat ISIS in 30 days. So much bigly focusing going on at the WH.
Remember we pledge allegiance to the UNITED STATES of AMERICA not #@POTUS
For someone who has little time for TV we have a lot of things from TV to tweet about
Liar. You constantly tweeet w/in minutes of TV mention or appearance. What is this compulsion you have for lying? You aren't fooling anyone.
Yeah right. Haha
Really now, whom are you telling to sell that to? The debt ceiling & budget debate are coming too.
You are fooling nobody other than yourself.
I am dying with all the "Fake News" that YOU put out. Remember when you point at someone/something you have 3 fingers pointing back to you.
Unfortunate about that Newsweek cover then - no?

#Fake
And An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud. 2/12
And yet that's all you tweet about! Newsweek cover portraits you perfectly. Focused on doesn't mean getting things. Useless & illegitimate
Yet you posted 6 Fox News screenshots this weekend...
No need for u to watch mate we r quite happy to watch yr comedy shows..
Stop with healthcare you lost!!!! #losing #crybaby #wishyouwereinjail
Wow. Your delusions are just epic.
Your actions speak louder than any words. You should heed the advice of advisors, flush your phone and actually do some work. Just sayin' TU
LIAR
OMG!! And the lies continue!!!!
And almost no time to visit my properties and golf...
LIAR
Hey : NOTMYPOTUS...
Get a grip on realityoh... forgot... hard 2 do 4 a mentally deranged "so called" man       Grab em by the pussy 
Lies


Says the guy who spent the first three hours of the morning responding to what he saw on TV.
You watch @FoxNews constantly & worse, you make policy based on those clowns! Your fooling nobody! When not watching TV, ur golfing! #lazy
Sweet lord
You tell them Donald. Just imagine how bad health care would be going if you weren't focused.... Love you #TrumpFacts
 Sure Jan 

Between watching tv and playing golf there is nothing else
*cough* (bollocks) *cough*
How do you know what's on liar in chief?

You actually believe your own lies don't you?  Sad.
Right! Watching TV would cut into your golf time!
Donnie, a memory from YOUR past speeches:
Resign @POTUS
If you have to say you don't have time to watch TV, it reveals you're insecure about watching too much TV, sir.
You really don't know that most of us are laughing at you, do you?  Sad.
You only took the job because GOP promised to do all the difficult work. You were just their mascot. Time to go
Geezus your face is covered in chocolate and you claim you were nowhere near the cake. Riiiiiite.
How about taking a little time to tweet about the terrorist bombing of the mosque in Minnesota? Your silence speaks volumes.
Which is why you didn't have time to watch Blumenthal on New Day on CNN. Are you capable of saying ANYTHING that isn't an obvious lie?
On the next episode of Chopped WH, who's head will be in the basket?
the country is LAUGHING at you Donny. I have no respect for you. Never felt that way about any pres. You are an amateur & getting rolled.
You're full s***t
Perfectly? The American people know better! You are a low energy slacker who would rather play golf & watch TV than govern. Sad!

Oh great.   Thanks for clearing that up.  
Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies Lies
Very little time for the TRUTH either???
Hahahaha I cannot believe you are the President of the United States
Take your meds and go back to bed.
Ok..TIVO boy..
stop lying
You have done a Dam Thing but Play Golf, why don't you just leave! Your a Terrible President @realDonaldTrump


I love the nonstop libtard cry fest as their neocon bs party burns to the ground.
Liar! Sad!
No ACA repeal
Stop sabotaging ACA
Dump Trump all GOP Reps voting for ACA repeal
Very little time for TV?  While being the president?
how would trump describe functioning perfectly? Madhouse that he calls a dump.
You are a NOBODY and you KNOW it.  SAD , so SAD.  
What a joke! Really?
Rereading this from the perspective of August 1: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
BUT PLENTY OF TIME TO TWEET AND GOLF RITE CLOWM!
I love my President Trump
Thank you President Trump for all your hard work,Me and millions others appreciate it
Cheetos man you are so delusional. It's not your fault though, you have made up your own news and theories so long the truth is miles away
Bwahahaha! You’re insane.
Your comms director:
“Reince is a fucking paranoid schizophrenic.”
“I’m not Steve Bannon, I’m not trying to suck my own cock.”
Perfection!
lol

Well, this tweet hasn't aged so well.
6 months... your a disaster
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA you're amazing. Just a little more polish on your material & you can open for @GovMikeHuckabee at Mr. Yucks in Duluth.
I mean, unless you're in prison by then. Mueller's coming. And Schneiderman. And US & allies' intel services, & journalists. Yeah, prison.
Well, if you didn't look inept before now you have egg on your big orange face
Did he while speaking of ending gangs go off track and remind all thanks to him r 2nd amend is safe. Great time to toss a bone to n r a.
But plenty of time for golf and twiter. Yea OK.
Of course you don't have time for T.V. you spend all your time having twitter tantrums. #Presidentfucknut #trumpsucks #Resist
You are so goddman delusional! Holy shit!
THE PPL R TRYING TO TELL YOU THAT THEY DONT WANT OBAMA CARE REPEALED. DONT BELIEVE? HOLD AN ELECTION.
by d #HolySpirit? I can relate 2 d #CainAndAbel analogy cuz I experience a #JUDAS betrayal of those certn nat. Dems like 2 my AHC court
@WhiteHouse running like a #welloiled machine? d media says @Scaramucci & @Reince45 have some #CainandAbel ordeal going on & since I am lead
You are lying on both county.
You are lying on both pointa.
Besides give us an unaffordable healthcare, Isis,  4dead Americans while he slept. 27dead seal team 6 in Afghanistan...should I go on? I can
Johnny boy feinstein you must have a miserable life. Trump has already done more then Obama in 8 years tell us what Obama has done...
But you do get a lot of "twittah" time huh? Oh, and golf time...
You demand  loyalty from  everyone but are loyal to no one!
Your anger with Sessions just demonstrates your complete lack of comprehension about the legal system.
He works for us...NOT YOU!!
staff gets caught  in yet another lie, you have a problem with the leaks...not the lies!
You mean capital hill.... the w.h. and your staff are shit show. I dont watch tv and I can tell from your ridiculous post #translivesmatter

Every Morning I. wonder what sort of Outrage the President has in store. #NeverHillary  :)
God Bless Democracy 
God Bless America  :)
Lol http://nypost.com/2017/07/25/tillerson-taking-a-little-time-off-amid-exit-rumors/amp/ …
Yet you have time to tweet 20 times a day, our fearless Cheeto leader
