@xileenie MAY CAN DO MORE. NEEDS TO BE TOUGHER.
Yeah. Sure you did.Not. The #PM doesn't have time or patience 4Putins Lap Dog. No way she took a call u never made @POTUS
Love u Mr. President! You're doing a fantastic job, disregard the haters, Elizabeth Warren sympathizers, F those people. You're the Prez!
Thanks, dad. She is, after all, the leader of Great Britain, and along with Angela Merkel, the free world.
Strong？Doing very well？Strange!
In times like these, I'm sure it's good to know she has an ally in the USA against ISIS.
I support mr. trump he is good man
Please educate her on not letting everyone into England. It is a lost nation. Very sad
God is in control , we know how the story ends Praise God
Amen
Love you Becky! Praying for you girlie! God Bless you:)
Thank you. Lord bless you too
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and...
good to hear that
You were able to call the London attack terror but you can't muster up the courage to call today's incident in VA the same, can you?
I guess you have to call her everyday for condolences since they're having a terrorist attack a day..
an empty gesture coming from a lame 
What took you so long?
thought you tweeted earlier that you called her right after it happened to offer condolences????
unlike you...you're going down for treason...enjoy
Gifts of Islam, open borders, globalists, multiculturalism keep on blessing the UK.
yeah, she wasn't the one terrorized of course she is fine moron. Thanks for the fake news update!!
.@realDonaldTrump Did she offer condolences on your imminent impeachment?
He's done nothing wrong and I think someone's still upset that their child rapist defending 3rd wv feminist lost.
As opposed to our actual rapist soon-to-be-ex-president. Shoo, troll.
there's currently no reason for our president to be an ex-president. Go play witht your tacos.
Will do. Enjoy your white boy rapping.
take; some: (more)?, Bait. ¡Pleass!
Thanks for letting us all know you're doing your job.  I did mine today too.
too little to late my mind made up
Close those borders
.@realDonaldTrump the people of London are strong. Focus on them, not on Theresa May
we need the tax reform asap
President Trump has already done far more for this country than obama. Go cry elsewhere....
.@realDonaldTrump So you Trumps are human now?  Have you seen your fine young son's @DonaldJTrumpJr tweet about the London Mayor?  GFUS.
grab her pussy
What do you care about people? All you care about is money!
You are supposed to also offer her any intelligence we may have to assist, traitor. #ImpeachTrump
Trump's promise FL st fairgrounds in October: "We are going to have great health care at fraction of the cost. You watch."
.@realDonaldTrump Strong... something you are NOT
thank you Mr President
meanwhile @DonaldJTrumpJr  inanely tweets to stir it up. Those that stir the shit, will one day, have to lick the spoon.
So glad she is doing well...TWIT
what an absolutely RIDICULOUS thing to say. She hasn't been personally targeted.
*Doing very good* what does that even mean? She never had trouble farting? Did you call to check on  attack or her health?
Shame you couldn't stop your dumbass son from tweeting nonsense about our Mayor. Takes after you for talking shit!
But, just like you, he'll say inflammatory, untrue things about good people and not apologise for it. You're both wankers.
Still, evidence over your Russian ties is strengthening. Looking forward to impeachment? Golf every weekend! Oh, wait...
a heck of a lot stronger than you...





I thought he was being investigated and proven right to his allegations...we R all under surveillance..
However as Americans when surveilling others are names are not to. exposed, they were unmasked
Yes & Dems upset because Nunes had a spine & told Americans the truth!

.@holachola @cdgrafics @coffeegurl60 @realDonaldTrump CNN is spinning more lies when Clapper and others have said it is not true!
God Bless you Trump

•@DevinNunes leaked this to me. #trumprussia #russiagate #PutinGovernment #resist #putinspuppet #TheResistance 

@realDonaldTrump
I'm pretty sure I also found @PutinRF_Eng's blackmail tape. 

@DevinNunes @realDonaldTrump
I thought you might like pictures of THE REAL POTUS @HillaryClinton. #StillWithHer 

@realDonaldTrump is a #FakePresident #SoCalledPresident

#LockHimUp #LockHimUp #LockHimUp #LockHimUp #LockHimUp #LockHimUp #LockHimUp #LockHimUp 

@ironrookie @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump
Make it THEM & lose the feckin' key!

For once, you're correct. Theresa May and others affected by this tragedy are stronger than you'll ever be!
But in all seriousness, is it normal for a head of state to condone leaks of NUDES from officials in foreign countries?
I'm sure your first question was whether or not a Muslim was behind it. Since you haven't RAGE tweeted, we know the answer!
Also, sorry to burst the bubble of anyone thinking Trump's starting to show some self-control, but he didn't write this…
Now that we know Bannon has put your phone in time-out let's look at ur son who happily used this attack to push his agenda
Your son blamed London's mayor for the attack, so you're responsible for the next attack on US soil… not the judges, right?
Thank God ur working to prevent a similar attack in America by spending 3 days a week golfing & campaigning for 2020! 
You've stripped funding 4 NYC's terror protection and cut funding to our Coast Guard, while giving ISIS recruitment quotes.
For sure @realDonaldTrump has shitty policies but no amount of respect for Muslims hinders ISIS: not even Germany's superlliberalism.
Ppl down w/ ISIS—down w/ slaughtering Shia & lax Sunnis; never mind Christians, Hindus, & Jews—surely don't need Trump for motivation.
http://www.vox.com/world/2017/1/29/14426892/trump-muslim-immigration-refugee-ban-isis-terrorism …
I've seen that sort of argument. Thanks for the new (to me) article. I like to keep abreast of this line of reasoning.
I find the reason dubious, though. Those who join ISIS already don't care about Muslim suffering—ISIS slaughters Muslims.
Fuck you.
Wow! Now there's an intelligent comment, hmm? You MUST be a rocket scientist for sure!?
Must be! Such moving words he uses....
100 percent not tweeted by u. Since this was semi-normal.
Ivanka used daddy's log in.
Bet you wouldn't say that about a man.
I'm not sure you understand basic thoughts, then.
She is a leader. Of a country that has dealt with terrorism for decades. She doesn't need to be patronised.
what was wrong with my comma? Specifically?
How soon before you contact U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May to offer condolences on the latest terrorist attack in London?
.@realDonaldTrump Mr. President: We thank you so much for fighting to secure our nation! God Bless you & our nation!
Yeah, Captain Bone Spurs is REALLY fighting for us.  Fake-ass account.
That's lovely for her, Donnie. Nothing to say about those who were killed and injured? Sad sack.
Or their families and friends facing the new day without them.
I did want to say more but 140 chars is never enough when laying into Donnie Tangodome.
I know the feeling. I could write essays on my loathing of the current admin.
ouch this still didn't get as many faves as President Obama. No one likes you. Just idiots do. :)
hey what about empathy for the victims?
she reminds me of Obama !
قناة الجزيرة  فرحانه فى شهداء مصر ان شاء الله هم  فى الجنة وانتم قاعدين مساطيل محتلين من اسيادكمالامريكان  بس تاكلو وتشربوا
- Does May teach you how to kiss the Queen's ass when you will visit her?
Theresa May is strong minded and her goals are for the best interest of the British people!
She probably screened the call. #liar #Resistance
You only acknowledge these incidents if they fit you political agenda....so transparent and meaningless.
u know it and I know it, ISLAM IS DOGSHIT!  Quran calls for death of non-believers (infidels), a good muslim is a jihadist.
That's correct, because she is a leader, you see. Unlike some other "leaders" I could name.
like you really care. You only care about yourself
what you didn't tweet ?
Told junior to do it for u
yes london is strong defiant the message to is or what ever other name these criminals want to call themselves is shove it
and then your son insulted the entire nation. good work, Trumps.
As opposed to you, weak and doing very badly?
Did you talk to the mayor of NYC about the terrorist attack there? Fucking con man.
doing even better without you I'd dare say.
thought you were gonna destroy isis? Another lie???
Ummm. I'm not really worried about her but ok.  Weirdo...
unlike your healthcare bill!
thanks unfortunate named dude that means fart
She wasn't in the attack. You're not so bright, are you?
aren't you impeached yet??
I love you President Trump!  Keep up the good work!
Strong possibility you can be impeached.
don't get caught in the quicksand of the swamp!  Watch out for booby traps!
gzf3cppfcpxd 3f ffe2gf
Give up your golfing crap and go to london instead if you're so concerned
of course the ISIS attack any country because there are many country support theme and America one of theme
What about the rest of the UK. Did you send condolences for the as well, or is it just Ms. May you want to hold hands with?
that was very mature of you. Glad to see a truly presidential tweet
fico contente por saber isso... por momentos temi por ela. GLAD
@HillaryClinton @BarackObama @TheresaMay_MP that's the worst and lack of compassion statement ever. Wait, Because that's who you are.
well I'm glad she is doing well....
lxx
replace the missing votes of Freedom Caucus with moderate democrats.  FC will drag u down, just like Boehner...
what's the big billionaire going to do when we come and get him and put him in jail? Payment on the Chinese. Or maybe Maine
show no mercy. Don't worry about the snowflakes, they'll get there's in time.
Gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
why did she lose someone close?
Are you funny?
You pretty much wrote the book in dishonesty and lies.
@TomiLahren trying hard to get noticed by Trump
Do they still not want you to visit their country?
no we dont. He might contaminate our lovely Queen, with his icky. Also he is a wazzock. We dislike him a lot.
Don't trust ryan
fake president
you don't speak to Teresa  May you speak to the families of those who lost there loved ones on your so called"FAKE" media
tirrorusm us gotten way out of hand... But what would we expect from unfandels?
you Sir are a liar. Big lead. Sick and tired of having liars in the office. Missing Obama?
not missing Obama. Actually where is Obama? Where is Clinton?
@vickibazter @Chicago_Bit_ch Like You GAF, LIAR, LIAR, LIAR, LIAR LIAR.
You are an amazing President & I'm proud I voted for you along with my family. You continue to exhibit your humanity. MAGA!
Psst little heads up  - we all know she's fine
Again, when will U recognize tragedies HERE??
do you realise that you have the rhetoric of a 5-year old? Sheesh
and you are weak and failing !!!   
Of course she's strong!  She can probably out-bench press you!  Stop patronizing! I hope she told you to bugger off.
SHE IS WELL, SHE IS WELL!!!!   WHAT ABOUT FAMILIES AND THE TRAUMATIZED??  YOU ASS!!!
Your mother is portly to the extent that it causes discomfort, and negatively affects her ability to perform daily tasks
are you going to Maralago every weekend bc your tanning bed is there? Be honest.
can't you do anything for the Syrians?
haha calling theresa be strong youre gonna be FIRED...UK need strong leader
you are weak and doing terrible
I can only imagine the eye roll after she hung up. From her, not you. 
thanks for letting us know 
are you even going to mention the white supremacist who murdered the innocent black man on Monday?
How could a hater of President Obama, who Trump couldn't make a pimple on his butt, care about anyone who isn't his (orange) color?
I guess those of us who don't fall into the conservative white male demographic don't matter to this guy 
@mitzihinkey When politicians/family of politicians start becoming terrorist victims they may wake up.#OnlyStrangersDying
Did you remind Theresa May that you won by a YUUUGE number of votes?  Did you tell her she's not a "10"?
:  Thank You Sir!
Bless You President! this world is on fire!!
wow that was a good idea ... you are the president you know ... GAGGING.... why do u need to tweet about it?????
Could use you as a floppy soldier for her dippy egg, mate.
President Trump,please repeal Obama Care and put medical care back in the free market. Nothing like Obama Care. Thanks
"We were a 10-year opposition party where being against things was easy to do". Welcome to the real world...
Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
And yet complete silence on the attack in NYC by a racist who killed a black man.
you don't seem to be man enough to do anything you said? what happened to cover more people with less money. Big Lee.
where is the healthcare bill????  What happened?? Much like your marriages couldn't go the distance????  #liarliar
Compensating enough? @realDonaldTrump #tinyhandstrump #USPolitics #uspoli
how can said you
for a girl you mean? #tinyhandscantpasshealthcare
Glad he called Theresa May.He has the right priorities!
Thank you for looking out for our country, we appreciate it.
And in denial!!!!
and probably rolling her eyes at your call.
@williamlegate and others who have nothing better to do than talk trash all day should really get a life. Sad & Pathetic
Scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons and electrons. They forgot to mention morons.
Brains aren’t everything. In your case they’re nothing.
