Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their...
Absolutely, Mr President Trump! You are amazing. In Texas, I have been told their is NO Ocare!
Stop blaming the media for something and find something else to do... idk like improving the country??
Again let's go slow on the new Republican healthcare plan. Let's allow Obama care to take it's natural course. The proof is in the pudding.
We know what you've done to sabotage it, fraud!
The only thing dead is the feral cat lying on top of your head.
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
You're the worst.
No doctor will take those patients because of their coverage
It's better than ur's. Just fix it.
If Obamacare is dead, you are a murderer!
fake president?
Because it is fake!
You have to give them bigger and better news. Like Hillary is going to prison.
so obviously partisan...
You said as recently as 2011 or 2012 that Hillary was "one of the best" SOS.  But... come 2014 or 2015 and esp. 2016, you rip into her
You sure love to flip-flop, eh?  Mitt Romney could only DREAM of that!
pay for it!" But... now you're all about "that free-market healthcare" and DE-regulating insurance companies to let them go nuts. yeah ok
Didn't you say in an interview not too long ago that you SUPPORTED some form of universal HC, if not single-payer itself? "The gov'ts gonna
They need to keep the people that buy into their crap filled with fake news
How come Congress voted to exempt themselves from YOUR healthcare plan???
They were also exempt from Obamacare.
http://Healthcare.gov  is a joke and their flaws need to be exposed. REAL NEWS @realDonaldTrump
Source?
@realDonaldTrump   Maybe because it's not???
The only "fake news" you hear is when Donald Trump opens his mouth.
You're too old & experienced in business dealings to really believe what you're shoveling here.
Amen
Why is it they you can't stop lying?
Hold that thought Boss imma 
answer your question #MAGA
Okay Boss I'm back  
#MAGA #FBIDirector @TGowdySC 
https://twitter.com/4allsoulkind/status/854883941991538688 …
Because none of that is true
Probably cause the Trump Circus keeps bumping it off the front burner..Jeez!!! Can U please friggin resign already, DAMN! 
Fake President Fake News
Your reality is very distorted.  Thanks to your reality my reality is very soon I will have no healthcare affordability.
I have a better question why didn't the media tell us you were on qualified to be president instead of praising you
Might be because you're killing it?
insurance companies want money for nothing. and give nothing
You, Sir, are fake. Stop with the fake news crap
But booting 24 million people off insurance is better? Maybe for the top wealthy people that get that 300 billion tax break? 
All of us LOOk to u for our NEWs the media is part of a 3 - headed -snake along w/ the Liberal Meccas (Colleges) and HOLLYweird. Ur OUR MAN!
We already no how bad ocare is  No Insurance co and $10,000 deductibles is no health insurance
Because you're the only one saying that. And you're a habitual liar.
ACA was a disaster! Many people couldn't afford it, others lost good ins they already had, just another DEM fiasco by a bad president

When will our president learn to spell or at least hire someone that can
crybaby commie Donnie is a big, fat, LOSER
Because they are not objective reporters They have been liberal psyops for decades They are part of the swamp #Draintheswamp #PrayForAmerica
@realDonaldTrump #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies #lie #lier #lie #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies #lie #lies #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies
Aetna pulled out. Picking up my much need meds for multiple sclerosis has been a work in progress with my pharmacist.
Doesn't fit their "Hate Trump" agenda!
Stewart Varney has reported it all along. FBN.
because you give them ammo to talk about stupid shit. think before you tweet, please
Cuz it's called fake news for a good reason. They only report fake news.
It's so obvious dems don't understand Ocare at all! They simply repeat the "party line!"
Your a popular guy to the braindead leftist. Keep up the good work.
Because its not
GG
Give your own daily news report with no media there.
so is the democrat party.
Healthy americans means a strong country #bringOutCancerCure
@realDonaldTrump
If cancer cure would be allowed to be released, we would not be in this situation. @realDonaldTrump  #bringoutCancerCure
People are uneducated about healthcare. If they knew, they would be behind you. I am a medical billing rep. So I get this. Educate USA
Not yet, bud!
Dead like your brain.trumpcare is a disaster already and will never fool anyone
The World is Backwards , good is bad for Republicans , Democrats bad is good for Democrats ?????
The Affordable Care Act is saving millions of lives.
Why is it that you have nothing to say but "fake news" over and over and over and over and over and over and over LIKE IT MEANS SOMETHING???
because then it would indeed be “fake news!”
we are doing fine here in Cali, loving the "affordable Care Act". There is no such thing as Obama Care!
Please hang on until June. I have that month in the pool!
Any facts to back that up? Nope? That's the definition of "Fake News". Your tweet does not make it true.
Not Yet The smart thing for u to do is put everyone on MEDICARE like the rest of the civilized world. everyone pays a premium. USA no leader
Why don't you give them something 'great' to report about?
Dead like all the people who will be without insurance or any alternative protection?
Because you are trying to kill it and the American people!
BTW IN LUBBOCK TX WE LOVE TRUMP!!!
Sir will you please request the FBI reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails and the Clinton Foundation. Please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Would help millions of Americans.
You are a grammatical wizard in as much of the same way as Christopher Reeves is an excellent horse rider. And also, your paralysis....
Because Insurance Companies and their greedy CEOs are in for profit, no concern for their subscribers. Just sound familiar?
It does go to show you suck as a business man. The man U claimed to be could have rescued ACA and made it the gold standard... failure is U
Because your news is the FAKE NEWS. You should be held liable for your comments leading to addition companies leaving based on your lies.
ACA was a beginning. The smart thing to do is improve it,not start fromscratchwasting all the time that was spent writing it by good  people
Do you realize that Putin, Kim yong un, Adolfo hitler, et al, hated the press and tried to control it? It was their "enemy".  Sound familiar
Do you realize that PutinErdogan
Because there buffoons!!
Rather the $B insurance companies were running for their lives than citizens were unable to afford simple health insurance. #WhoseSideUon
56% disapprove of your replacement bill. It will never pass. No historic victory, no win, just more failure
Fake news on the WH site! Aetna fleeing mkts BCUZ GOP subsidies uncertainty r not biz friendly.They LIKED Ocare.So do we w/pre-ex condns.
If fake news comes from fake media, it follows that there is a fake president.
That's what happens when you repeatedly shoot at it
USA is the greatest country on Earth. You describe it as a disaster, failing, in disrepair. Remember, a fish rots from the head down (YOU!)
When will they acknowledge that Ocare has also weakened all the other programs like medicare for elderly and vets care too.
Because, Sir, news media outlets are so anti-Trump that they are blurring the border of traitorius behavior/verbiage. And not just the news.
Best solution is to extend Medicare to everyone. Ask me. #HarleySachs
You cut the legs out from under ACA giving insurance companies option to flee. Only thing dying will be the people you took healthcare from.
Probably because that is an outright lie. #OrangeShitgibbon LIES again!!
Fake news on fox is far too busy peddling your propaganda and shite to report on the real issues.
Why do you have Herpes?
is  there somewhere where we can read the bill itself instead of relying on the news to tell us how to feel?
Because it's not true.  It has probs yes, why don't you get with Insurance companies and demand they keep their costs in line?
Almost EVERYONE loved OBAMA! Almost EVERYONE dislikes YOU immensely.
they're not reporting it, because it's not true! Try again ass-hat.
Best president ever
Fix this circus once and for all
I had to tell her look I'm not going anywhere obviously am I
On my last visit to the obstetrician the office manager was nagging me for payment
Should have sued them for more
My child was in the NICU with birth complications cuz I had to work at Burger King till 1 in the morning to pay the obstetrician
We sue the insurance company because the salesman lied and said it had maternity coverage and it didn't
Nobody cared nobody
Without fail right on schedule greedy bastards
even back in the eighties I was always calling the state because insurance company took their maximum allowable increase every damn time.
You know what your problem is everytime you mention Healthcare cost it is about the health insurance premium you're going about it all wrong
Trump nothing like fake news Trump you are fake
Trump,Ocare because of you because most insurance companies owners are racist like you that wants president Obama out Mr Trump
Why Is It That You Government Officials 
Don't Take Lie Detector Test To Show Your True Intentions ???????????????????
Cause they like to lie to the people and stay. I'm office
Fake
FAKe Potus- deranged and evil
What do you use for your bathroom air freshener?
seniors & middle aged people such as me are going to get screwed as well. Just repeal & get gov't out of healthcare altogether.
Why don't you come down on the big pharmaceutical companies that are charging twice as much for drugs then other countries.
Fake news. Fake president. Sounds about right!
But if it's still around then.... it's not dead??
They are coming. They are coming. They are coming. They are coming. They are coming. They are coming. They are coming. They are coming. T...
We're not worried about the wellbeing of the insurance companies.
because its not true
Insurance companies don't have lives, PEOPLE do!
W8 how are they fleeing on there last leg then u say insurance companies are making money off OCare taking advantage of Americans or fleeing
Because it's not!  Look at the real numbers!
Actually, Trumpcare is dead because it suffered from a pre-existing condition. Obamacare is covered under the plan.
. BECAUSE THEY'RE FAKE !!!
Why is it that the Fake President isn't tweeting that new Obamacare plans are being offered in Tennessee? #TrumpIsFakeNews #TheResistance
and the U.S. populace is fleeing your mess; you're doing great for getting Republicans out of office
#FakePresident
#GolferInChief
#Sad
#Pathetic
#ImpeachTrumpNOW 
#BillaryForPrison
#HillaryForPrison
The ACA is working and needs to stay and be improved for all. It might need fixing but do not destroy it.  The only fake news is you !
We shall see. Staying glued to this vision
Ok...Moving on
Thank you for your commitment to MAGA
Dear God,  no one is safe with you. This is what Comey deserved after all he covered for you? We're watching you unravel, and it's a shame.
