i feel obliged to thank you mr president and this great country usa for your support for greece god bless you



I love you Donald Trump I'm a Canadian you are the best 

Let me in your country thank you Mr President
Surely is was not his #sorryWorld
Gay

do you honestly believe that tweeting is how to stay in touch with the public?
Who the world honor's as calling you as EVIL
Thank you Mr. President Trump!
Even though he met with you, he still thinks you're evil.
Oh Donnie comb your hair. You’re on tv.
And having U as the welcome wagon to foreign dignitaries is a GREAT EMBARRASSMENT to AMERICA!

That's why you still help aggresive islamic Turks ,wright ?
What a wig
CATALONIA following #BREXIT! We want SOVEREIGNTY! No LAWS should take away abilities to remain sovereign! Anyone passing them are enemies!
Should Andalusia declare independence too. How about Galicia? Fuck It. Let's just go back to city states.
I notice only + comments for@you are from slanterns and beer swilling grunge necks! Good luck with that!
This is awful.  Give T a pacifier and shut him up. He obviously did not prepare and sounds like a freshman in HS giving his 1st report
You could barely pronounce the words in the speech written for you and sadder, obvious you had no@clue what u were talking about tin man.
Did you bend over for him? We've heard about those greeks....
Why?
Donald, l am watching our great US figure skaters competing this weekend in Moscow in ISU Grand Prix Rostelecom Cup in this Olympic Year.
Another free lunch. Had you heard of Greece before your overthrow election?
Except all u Did was talk about YOU! Why do they even bother coming to WH?
Thank to our awesome president!! Trump2020
Mr President you're the best
The Greek people love you Mr. President 
Bet he thought you were an embarrassment like everyone else does.
If only it was his great honor to be there #yourenotfittolead #resignalready
the middle east is full of Muslims, from Greece or Palestine, from Iraq or Arabic nations, they all believe the Quran, why sell arms to them
yes go trump.
You have no honor... you are a street thug.
Was the REAL Melania there or her stand in!?  
He was right to hope we never had to face the evil that is YOU.
GREECE PLEASE DO NOT BE TAKEN IN WITH THIS PRESIDENT-NEXT WEEK HE WILL BE TRASHING YOU
You are such a phony Trump. You are so insincere

#Election2020 #TheFutureIsComing
#Trump2020 Let's #MAGA 
VOTE @realDonaldTrump for @POTUS 
Can you even find Greece on a map?
Try to behave. Please don’t embarrass the country any further.
PRESIDENT Trump
Thank you Mr. PRESIDENT for keeping your promises to all Americans. We are praying for you.  Be strong! God is with you.
Who hates trump policies. Calls them evil
Did you introduce him to the President of the US Virgin Islands while he was here?

Please make this country good again for our children and adults bring back god in everything one nation under God,feel our nation with love
Great thing as long as you didn't invite the President of Virgin Islands. He wines a lot like a toddler and has speech deficiency.
hi how are you
I like how the other guy is looking around cuz u boring
Pathological low life
Leave the world
He thinks. Ecause green beret deaths don't matter they are not heros. You are repulsive such trash!! Leave White House
@doedeer1664 Greece trump not a person of his word he will turn on you don't hold rest of us responsible beware of trump America is
who are you? A democratize
@HillaryClinton got an invite to the UK before you. So you're second best on the UK eyes, just ask @MayorofLondon our celebrity no hoper!
Don’t lie to him. #stopthedamnlies
Emmanuel bono love CDC
Hope you served @DippinDots / the ice cream of the future!
@johnvrodos

Duped may not be the best description for Kremlin loyal communist film makers practising crude subversion.  
cc @strannik_1981 @propornot 
I'm sure the Prime Minister was horrified to be seen with you, and made fun of you the entire time. #resist #trumpsAjoke
I bet he wishes it was Christmas!!!

سفاك للدماء ماذا توريد من العالم ياقذر
Did you notice how he was trying not to laugh at you the whole time?
He hates you!! Hahaha
Good cause he made a fool out of you and it went over head lmao catyosey
And it was his great honor to laugh his ass off at you 
isn't he the one that called you insane?  Yeah...what an honor
Hahaha! Too bad he doesn't feel the same way about you! The only world leaders who like you are dictators like Putin.
Um, he hates you, too.
Fire mueller! He is a crook
He hates you and recognizes EVIL just like the rest of us. Go drink your toilet water.
Mr President, please honor Americans by walking AG Sessions out the door!
I wish I could retweeted a thousand times. I am disgusted with our aj
@jwamerican  -Can you feel my outrage??? Or am I being too subtle???
I am right there with you
I hate you racist you don’t like me cause I’m black well you no what I’m black and I’m proud @Donald Duck oh and I meant that ugly die bummm
Like everyone he was probably wondering how you ended up as President.
As Citizens of the U.S. Pray you are removed from office before you do anymore  DAMAGE!
Yea...he thinks your evil!
I thought you said you hate Greece?
But i doubt that it was an honor for him
He has no money though
#FuckingMoron
You know he doesn't like you!

Was the president of the Virgin Islands there, too?
I bet he was super excited to meet you 
NOT!
Did you get it right finally? Are you sure he’s not the president of Greece?

Funny how he called you evil !
Is he actually tracking with his finger so he knows where he is reading on the page? how cute my kindergarteners do that..
of course it was. His sh*t show of a country is almost as broke as the us.
YOU HAVE NO HONOR
How long before you start mocking?
GREECE IS SUFFERING UNDER MERKEL AND JUNKERS. WRITE OFF GREECE'S DEBTS AGAINST NAZI WAR CRIME REPARATIONS.
Well, hopefully you persuaded him to do everything possible to reverse the ongoing colonisation&islamisation of Europe.
is heavily guilty.
Donald Trump is a phony all he do is tell lies and attack people he didn't  aay nothing when Eminem told the truth about him he is a racist
Donald Trump Is A Racist Klansman He is the KKK and the Republican party  is Racist because  they let him play the race card every day
Could you pronounce his name?
Did you hold his hand like you did with Theresa May?
The pleasure was all yours.
Hilarious you didn't realize he had talked about you, & none of ur staff schooled u b4? Standing there looking like the #Fool of all times!
President Trump i am sory for what says before for you the Alexis Tsipras...
All your buddies have account at the Bank of Cypress, right?
Does Mr. Trump know that PM   Tsipras be a socialist?
Hey Donnie, what was it like to meet a real leader? #FakePresident #moronsaregoverningamerica
Please learn how to speak publicly. You embarrass yourself & us everytime you open your mouth With your IQ I guess that's what we can expect
He thinks you are a "great evil" who can blame him You have torn this country apart separated the races, class system again Worst in history
Chuck shumer and Nancy pelosi Are having  an affair what a site
#Tsipras is a communist and a supporter of the dictatorship in #Venezuela.
That crazy broad talking about trumps phone call is dam nuts a real idiot
If #Turkey tried taking #Spain from the rear do you think #Greece would help?

You are very good man,I love you
They know something about bankruptcies too! Probabhad a lot to discuss.  #LiarInChief
Did he say hi Malaka?
Greece today is Puerto Rico minus the hurricane. Ashamed of my birthright.
#PeepeeTapes #trumpMoron #SteeleDossier #ImpeachTrump
You are the biggest Monster in the swamp
It is amazing how many idiots in this country voted for you
Can’t listen.  Afraid you went rogue and said something embarrassing again!
First time experiencing Greek?
But seriously, Greece is a beautiful country with such fascinating history.
Isn't that the guy who said you were "EVIL"?  You want to be liked so much, what did your daddy do to you as a child? Not enough love?
The only Greek word I know, besides food names, is "scata" (sp?) It means 
'scata' could be scat, Scot, scad, scatty, Scott or skate.
It's a Greek word. Don't need your help @_spell
he thinks that you're a dangerous orange nutbag. HAHAHHAHAHA.
Ok. How’s PR going?  They have water yet?  Impeach
I assure you,  my fellow Greeks think you're an orangutan.
The man who called u pure EVIL.
He hates your guts. Like the entire world. @realDonaldTrump
Bla bla bla!
#25thAmendmentNow
Hey Yankee...
Leave the Middle East and go your home...
Donald tells Greek PM to please not leave his behind! HaHa! That's good!
Poor sod!
Our apologies to him for his misery in your company.
 he called u #Evil and u had no clue.
He says you’re stupid, and that you smell bad.
Did you introduce him to the Emperor of Nambia?
Not a great honour to bow before the fallen?

I am appalled at the mean, disrespectful comments. You are doing a miraculous job regardless of the nonsense. I am a Proud   Trump support
cant you ever think about anything but yourself for once?
Και οι δύο βλήματα.. @xrusagleek
ειδικά αυτός ο χοντρός
He said you're evil 
And it was certainly to his great shame.
What does he say about Soros
Correct. It‘s Greece, not Crete.
#TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow  #TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow  #TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow
