
No service to/from San Antonio yet unfortunately.
God Bless you and your family @POTUS ...You are truly the warrior we've been praying for.

and same to you
thank président
Happy Easter to everyone!...
Happy Easter Mr. President.  I wish you and your family have a blessed day.
You're a bad bunny x
@Maxwell_cook12 cheers
No.
Happy Easter for you Mr.president
Thanks
hahahaha 
you are a crook!
.
you too Mr. President.
Resurrection Sunday (Saturday actually). Easter is Ishtar the god of fertility.
为什么中国不过这个节日呢？郁闷

God bless ur leadership my president
Trump
and the same to your family
Happy  Easter.  A little  late but  better late than never 
if you were a real Christian you would welcome refugees with open arms #FakeChristian #Hypocrite
Hope you had a great EASTER! It is for amazing talent as u are which shows how valuable the worth of souls are to do His work here on earth
哈哈
you too President!
Hophophop!
Please don't cave on the wall! Let the Democrats do it. I'm 76 and still hanging with you!
@Johannyyy_
Thank you Mr. President and Happy Easter to you too!
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
Thank you for your service President Trump. You need to know that with your leadership I feel safer than ever before. And we are!!
thanks
Bring back the battleships!
Happy late Easter we Love you All
you are truly awesome presidents happy Easter to you and your family
Jesus doesn't like you he may love you but he doesn't like you
my God you are such a joke to be leading this country. If we enter any war make sure your sons are on the front lines.
It would have been a VERY happy Easter if you had resigned. Face it, you are in over your head, get out while you still have some dignity.
Thank you. Happy Easter to you and yours too!
Wow grt. ...you r celebrating easter by killing people in Syria..u r  frd Geo Bush JR is responsible 4 all what is in Iraq Syria right now
Happy Easter.
Nicest thing you have said in 100 days
I hate you
Noticed that Melania received many more likes on her Easter post than you. too bad.
N
I wish... not even a bite of a ham.     77 yrs old.
It would be Happier for all if you fell off face of Earth
Thank You Mr. President.  PS thanks for all your doing to try and drain the swamp.  We have your back
From a middle eastern refugee who died for sins to a rich white Protestant who uses nepotism and deceit, Happy Belated Easter.
Lord loves Donald!
Happy Belated Easter Mr. President.
Good and nice god bless u and http://yr.total  family members !
Atleast u know how to wish...others..
You too
Hello
No to Islamization Biafra must go now to worship our God. No man can stop it but I pitty those rich thieves working against Biafra Freedom.
Thanks so much Our most deserving President
same to u
Shut up
Did anyone see what JetBlue did to me. NBC national news  now they will not help WW II vets
Love your sense of humor !!! dr charmin  you never lost it  classic !free tickets  or moneyfree flights to Disney world Vets
You're not Christian.
Why did your wife have to nudge you to put your hand over your heard during the National Anthem?  You don't believe in it or what?
same to you and your family Mr President
hope your whole family had a wonderful Easter. God bless
Jesus wasn't white
Happy Easter mr. President !♡
Oh shut up
Happy Easter Mr President, God love you and your family...
Just show the tax returns already.
Not with you in the Whitehouse!

It's more like Halloween!
Frohe Ostern, Happy Easter
bite me!!
Would have been better if Melania hadn't had to remind you to put your hand on your heart for National Anthem
Too bad u caused world war 3 and u haven't even had a year if being a president
Christ IS RISEN!  INDEED HE IS RISEN!!! God bless you President Donald John Trump and all your loved ones



@realDonaldTrump MP so nothing to do about phony IRS calls coming in on the USA lines?  Stating that they are IRS from USA. Elderly at risk!
Although Easter is over people lock their doors to keep unwanted people out why can't the U.S.A. lock its doors to keep unwanted people out
Happy Easter to you  and your family     Such a pleasure to have you as our president!!!
Dear President Trump, I am looking forward to hear you say "Merry Christmas" this December.
Hupocrisy noticed when @USEmbassyNepal retweets easter greetings but doesnt condemn arson attack at Catholic church in Nepal. Shame!
takes a real man to make the sacrifices you made for us
THANK YOU FOR STEPPING UP AFTER OBOMBA SHIT ON US
will be thanks to you.  Happy Easter to you and yours
Ditto Mr. President #MAGA
Thank you, Mr. President, for all of your hard work to #MAGA!!
Thank you .I wish the same for you and your family.
Happy easter
Thank you sir!!
How special is it again?
I do not accept.  Please do not include me in your tweet again.
happy easter tp you.
Happy Easter Mr. President to you and your family! Thank you for the job you are doing! Support you 100%
Ldhana tovah
Best part of real news coverage
Not everyone celebrates Easter.
Thx Mr President
Happy Easter sir
Happy Easter and peace  in Strength be with you and The USA
Happy Easter Mr. President. God bless you and your family. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!!!
How was the service at the Church of Satan?
Please protect Christians all over the world
what are you hiding??!!
Even the haters?
Same to you and yours
Nice to see you in church.  See you again at Christmas.
You wouldn't care who'd died on that cross for you anyways. All you care about is separating families.
OMG! Mike Lallier, charged in SC w 3rd degree sex crime involving a 15 year old boy enjoys Easter at Mar-a-Lago with POTUS & FLOTUS
Thank you, President.   Happy Easter to you & your family.  He is risen indeed!  Hallelujah!
Help! REMOVE WA State Jay Inslee & Mayor Murray!! They raised Taxes! Taking $ from citizens giving to illegals! Raised car tabs threefold!
It will probably be the last Easter per Spicey on SNL . You're gonna destroy America you Russian puppet!! #impeachTrumpnow
Coming from the 9th tee and not the first pew of church.
I wish Christians in India and rest of the world where faithful are oppressed, Joy of the Risen Lord and New Life in Christ
Happy Palm oil Mr Trump 
"You pretend to be holy with your public prayers, while you are evicting widows from their homes. Hypocrites." Matt 23:14
Sorry for the late response...may God bless you and keep you Mr. President!  Happy Easter!
"What profit is there if you gain the whole world -- and lose eternal life?" Matt 16:26
I don't want eternal life.
Neither do I, I'm just giving Trump a free Christian lesson because he's so lacking. Sad, sad, sad.
"Don't be like the hypocrites who pretend piety by praying in public where everyone can see them." Matt 6:5
You're not a Christian: "An evil-hearted man is filled with venom, & his speech reveals it." Matt12:35
Dear God please protect me from your followers.
It's a Christian holiday. You would have to be familiar with the Man and His message to really appreciate the concept, don.
Ty Donald .It is so refreshing to have a president that doesn't distance himself from Christianity.
Thank you President Trump!
You're not a Christian, people are saying that you r a secret Muslim. Some people, I'm not going to tell u their names but their saying it.
Please go to sleep grandpa.
Love easter bunnies and candies for kids and grandkids...Love the changing America..someone kept stealing my signs with Trump for President
Allesandra leigh ....sos
Jason Hagood needs a good sister!!
To you and your family as well!!
We appreciate all that you have done thus far!!
do you mean everyone or just straight, white, christian men?
