Go demand answers #Vegas!

#LasVegasShooting 
#MandalayBay 
#Vdara
#JesusCampos
#VegasStrong 
#LVMPD 
#FBI
#CNN
Laura Loomer and Mike Tokes not allowed inside @LVMPD press conference https://www.pscp.tv/w/bK-sLDFXZ0tnYXlKWk1KRXZ8MU93R1dvZVhFTU5HUXfJ4Xi8XMFfyTH5aGslM_yEa0o6FnVTMIQYTsOT4aD9 …
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ...
Future belongs to Pakistan

.@FBI @SecretService @FBISanFrancisco @FBISacramento @WhiteHouse @SacBee @CHP_HQ @ChicoPolice @ChicoER Death Threat Behead Assassinate Chico
& u know it
Your doin a good job Cousin! Keep it goin!
Fix your turkey neck already, are you unable due to DVT, on blood thinners?
Democratic people's Republic of Korea great already!
Mr. President,  please don't let North Korea advance their nuke capabilities any further.  Diplomacy has NOT WORKED. IT'S TIME FOR WAR!!!
God our president
If its almost a year into your presidency and you still have to say that, you're doing something wrong.
Go to sleep
Hush.

Shouldn't your slogan be MAHA.   All you need do is spread hate!
Ballroot
You must have gotten your ass handed to you over your divisive bs
You've never said anything like this
You DIVIDE not UNITE
You were EPIC tonight!!!
Only by resigning

He won with a SOLID -2.9 million votes. Great win!
He did not win the popular vote. Get your facts straight.
Something Huge is about to happen.  You are tweeting like a madman at 3 AM! Mueller getting by close?!
It's way past your bedtime!  Get some sleep because those bags under your eyes won't go away on their own!
An orange man who tweets at early morning hours is a man who has thinks he has too much power!

Strategically placing a black guy in a "Trump & Republicans are not racist" shirt behind you at every rally is…pretty racist #PhoenixRally
Give it arrest Venny. Believe it or not there are a lot of black people that support Trump. By what u just said I'd say you are the racist

Isaiah 41:13
For I, the #Lord your #God, will #hold your right #hand, Saying to you, ‘Fear not, I will #help you.’
Don't ever forget the millions people that stand for rightiousness stand strong with you!!! #MAGA #MASA #GODBlessYou
#GOD bless our #Nation  #FollowJesus #OneNationUnderGOD
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
#GOD is with us  #JesusHeals #OneNationUnderGOD
Resign
JUST GO AWAY!!!
Go to bed!
I LOVE MY PRESIDENT TRUMP 
obama still gets more retweets you jerk
Funny how you speak about loving everyone equally as your ridiculing a protester. #loserinchief #impeachtrump #dbagdonnie
You are insane! IMPEACH!

Unfortunately for you, your base is falling apart, and people are walking away from you. Throw in the towel traitor.
India is with you.
Disgraceful speech
You would think with 37 million followers you would get more likes....that's like 00.1%! You might want to rethink your fading slogan
We will never be great with a racist, toddler in office. Your ignorance is surpassed only by your followers. You are destroying the US
As we're ur rever now
Good job proud of you
The violence in #Phoenix is on you. Mayor told you there would be unrest. Rally not a work event. It was only to bolster your massive ego--1
Protesters responsible for their own actions,  but they were there because you put your ego before safety & security of US. #TrumpResign--2
You don't care about your supporters. You're using everyone who will let you. #TheResistance will not stop til you are OUT! #ImpeachTrump--3
The voice of divisiveness... our Whiner-in-Chief.
You don't even know what that means. It was an empty line that got you lots of applause, so you just keep using it. You are losing.
Strong man !
i mean it was great until you came along and started ruining things
So...Whatcha campaigning about? Or you just jonesing for your admiration fix?
Bring Antifa to heel!
Nah. Bring murdering neo-Nazis to justice.
There are multiple? Can you provide me a link? First time I am hearing this!
Go to sleep habibi
We can if u resign
Really? Go back to bed its 3am ru THIS insecure
#MAGA
When you leaving?
Go to sleep.

Who praises a racist sheriff and attacks a war hero with brain cancer?

A so-called crazy President.

And who cheers that?

Crazy supporters
what's alarming is the number of crazy supporters. How does the country manufacture these whack jobs?
A problem is the number of people who have replaced analytical thinking with a willingness to let #FoxNews and #TalkRadio do their thinking.
they haven't the ability for analytical thinking,  victims of his charisma and celebrity
All of 45s rallies and tweets leave him like...
Thank God for TRUMP
#Trump2020
Ok, if U like narcissistic, ego-maniacal, bombastic, bellicose, sanctimonious, racist, misogynistic, overbearing, frauds, knock yerself out
RESIGN
America is better with out  you
"What our brave soldiers never forgot." All of them? or just the cisgender ones?
Then please quit walk away move on and let us vote on a new real president who will help America
Trump is a Nazi.
Make America Great Again: Fake president needs to resign!!
You mean Make America White Again? here's the problem...Native Americans aren't considered white by you and they were here first.
yes please #maga.. and resign.. we r a great country in spite of you & your racist ways.. get out of OUR White House!!
not the hotel's that most of american's can't stay in or golf and country clubs where not all of us are welcome. Just what have you, you ...


Okay. Resign then.
Nauseating.
Never come to Arizona again, thank you.
Repeal and replace Republicans with younger better true republicans!!
The last 3 presidents worked to reduce the national debt. You don't give a shit want us to borrow more for the stupid wall.
Please do. RESIGN!!
MAGA & NO AMNESTY FOR DACA please
RESIGN!!  OBAMA WAS A WONDERFUL MAN AND PRESIDENT
white ppl smh
YES WE CAN!!!
You've been paying for "diversity fans" to show up & hold signage. #Sad. How much worse could it get? Oh, right, Ichan quit. Ouch.
Fired longtime aide over small turnout resign and make the white house great again.
Thanks for sharing!ly
Then get out
I was very impressed with the prayer, very humble before the God of the Universe, heartfelt and sorely needed, HE IS WATCHING 100% guarantee

People should Bing/Google Maurice Symonette to see who proudly stands behind you at rally. His color doesn't matter..his ACTIONS DO!!!
first job would be to get rid of the President who hates people not like him...gays, blacks, and all others that are different.
https://twitter.com/AriMuradd/status/902218526005583872 …


By discriminating against those who want to serve while no one in your family has ever served.
Arizona never wanted you... I was going to protest you...
How much have you paid this "Black" man to sit right behind you for the camera?  He has been at most of your rallies. Must have deep pockets
Your treasonous friends are threatening civil war what do u think of this?
You're both Russian Bots
Same guy...odd huh?
You suck
quiero que sepa que América no es solo Estados Unidos, América es TODO el continente AMERICANO, gracias.
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH!
Thank you President Trump. ....I know this hasn't been easy. Weaker men would have given in . Thanks for holding strong!
More like make america white again
nigga did you really make this shit on iMovie
By bringing back someone like Pres Obama instead of dealing with a uninformed, racist, misogynistic, half-wit who won an illegitimate race.
YOU SPEAK OF OTHER COUNTRIES NOT HOUSING THEM...BUT WE ARE!.. THEY EVEN HAVE TRAINING CAMPS. + NO GO ZONES.. IN OUR GOVT!!.. 2 ISIS CITES!
THEY RULE MANY TOWNS... STOP THEM.. OR WE ALL GET BEHEADED ... DO YOU WANT YOUR GRANDBABIES RAPED AND PISSED ON!  + A JUDGE SAYING  IS OK!!
Don't allow the deep and shadow government control our government, stay true to your campaign promises!

Your day is coming Donnie. Very very soon
You could care less that people will lose everything along with being displaced. Jennifer Lawerance
Make Fatherhood Great Again
#MAGA Morons Are Governing America
Wait wait is that the only black guy that when to your party the other day.? Wow as you always say bad
Can you even form a complete sentence.  Try this one Dump: The car is blue.  Even you should be capable of that one.
Make Germany great again! Erm I mean America. Oops got you confused with Hitler again.

I am Cambodian, I still support you 100%
we are working on Making America Great. But you need to GO first #mentalinstitution #ImpeachTrumpNow
Oh and your Blacks for Trump dude....oh boy. Now there's a protester you want on your side...
You can't make America great again by creating factions and separating them with beliefs that someone must be excluded and blamed
Joe Biden should be quiet! Just like he was while Obama tried to bring down America ! Joe Biden has no idea what "American values are.


How you can do that while value of the dollar and dollar index are decreasing? Strong dollar means strong president and usa image in global.
puto americano imperialista

It's past time to arrest Obama and consenting democrats for sedition and treason! Obama is behind the chaos!
Trump you stay in there saying make America great again about you tear our country down inch by inch. You are pathetic!!
Yes #resign to make #maga
It was great. YOU destroyed it
MAGA, but nearly all Trump products are made outside the USA, by not American workers.
"Mexico will pay for the wall...believe me!" Another failed campaign promise from the #IdiotInChief #TrumpsLiesMatter #JustResignAlready #45
Impeach Trump is the first step.

Thank you Mr. President.
Sorry for the disaster that happened in Houston in Texas.
apprentice is over ...Presidency is not a SHOW
America was great before you! You are toxic!
Arizona says "f off!"
I saw pictures of the people at your rally.  Didn't seem to be as many as you said.  Are you lying again?
You could #MAGA by #Resigning.   You would end your presidency with a great approval rating, instead of the pathetic 34% you are at now!
4000 not 15000 attended.  Your supporters started leaving early because you rambled...Sad!
You lie like no man's business. Why remove 'on both sides' you crook.
And we will defeat Communism again!  Antifa#
Ew.
And you just pardoned wacky sheriff. Oh the mentality...

#TrumpTrain is Being Attacked By #Terrorists #Antifa this Is My Story about #Durham NC MAGAFirstNews@gmail.com
#TrumpTrain is Being Attacked By #Terrorists #Antifa this Is My Story about #Durham NC MAGAFirstNews@gmail.com https://www.pscp.tv/w/bHR0QDFZTEVKTkdsR0p2RU58MXlwSmRsbGxFakxKV7VY4KCmWHZrb5XzuI3cl5TxJ3WeCVwJ7PeWk6QjNJPH …
They need to change it from POTUS to just POS.
Did Putin tell you to say that?
I hear people walked out of your rally.  By the way, who is the guy behind you. People are saying he is one of those very BAD PEOPLE
When they lock you up Then America will be great again
Trump, worst president EVER!
A good start would be to remove all military back to between Canada and Mexico where they belong let the UN and NATO handle world affairs
Did anyone else find it #ironic that #SNL was using one of it's only two #black male comics to identify a real black male as a "#token?"
So you're resigning?  That would definitely make America better!  I can't wait until you get voted out of office you creep!
Hey everyone this guys a PHONY. A great big PHONY
They heard wrong ,our President is here to stay.
Yeah. You leave .. Stop paying actors to attend your rallys !!!-

Yes, but how can raising the debt ceiling #MAGA?
