Football players with such disrespectfulness is shameful. First it was about the National Anthem, now race. Ridiculous!
Grandstanding Game ShowSnot who knows nothing abt govt & whose business acumen is:FRAUD,LYING,DebtDefault,Bankruptcy & theft sgd b in jail
Funny. Just reading an article about how everyone quit & said you'd tweet that YOU dissolved the groups. And you did! #Charlottesville
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not hav...
Nice replacement results! Zero
pls consider that u words harm than help. We  want live in health, whole world. We don't want wake up in a land of destruction and violence.

Hey Donny - what happened here? Nobody returned your calls?? #Liar #ImpeachTrump 
You are so weird its unbelievable !!!
Great job.This Vet is proud again.Thank You!
You are the king of grandstanders.
The second is this, ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these.” 
 - Mk 12:31
End the wicked practice of child support and men of all groups will keep you in office and I don't even like you
Sad you cannot say BLM who kill cops destroy cities and rob businesses. We cannot help inner-city youth when they vote Dem again & again SAD
And those of many will leave too
So who's chomping at the bit to join your counsels? Go on. I'll wait.
You are crazy
Because no one likes you
And no you don't
time to kick you and your family out of the country you don't belong here either since you have all come from another country too.to bad
people just found out what a gutless cold hearted below pond scumm you are hope you understand the old saying what you sow you reap.
lmao you can't even find one person to hold a piss can for you..you have no heart or soul thats why you turn everything over to someone else
What will you do Whit Kim chen un
I love it Mr. President. U need CEO's that have patience and are pragmatic and do not overreact to day 0 liberal news attacks.
Small minded & foolish comment. Don't talk do...
DON'T FORGET BETSY DEVOS. HELP HER GET STUDENTS TRAINED FOR THESE NEW JOBS. ALL DO NOT WANT OR NEED COLLEGE. WE NEED CRAFTSMEN BADLY!
Your doing great Job, #DrainTheSwamp
34%
why are they  leaving   maybe  you  need check yourself.
Good for you Trump!  I know you got this!! Your the man for this country and we are thankful for you and your service to the American people
okeeee
Clown.
U of all ppl shld know what a grandstandet is. That's all u ever do!
Yeah? I don't think Krups, Hugo Boss,  and Mercedes Benz want to go down that road again. #NeverForget
Ahhh nope...they all jumped your sinking ship.
They're leaving because of you!!!
You cant even fill vacant Cabinet positions! 
Yeah, Don, they're really begging to get on your now non-existent panel. Is there nothing you can't botch?
Another crack dream from the insane pres, Lol!
All my retweets come back around not retweeted.
Strength Mr. PRESIDENT IS the only way to handle it, Great Job! TRUMP 2020!
What Mom and Pop stores??
Yaaaay! That's great!
And why did they drop out Mr. President?
The wall ? You are the biggest threat to the american people  !!!!!

You'll never be the man or have the class of President Obama
T, Stop complaining about everyone!  What is Wrong with you?
So many that you pulled the plug...#justanotherlie
Ur pathetic
Call me I will do the job.  I am tired of China stealing my ideas and selling them on wayfare.
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
Our President Mr Donald J Trump, you are in  bang over target 
If you need some good help, I would be all in
Admit it loser. They all left you RACIST .
(Insert picture of Donald crying here)
They why did you disband the council?
In today's era, an email signature is appropriate for everyone. Hand Writing HTML code.Visit
http://bit.ly/2tFaR9j 
Ivanka tweet again-->https://twitter.com/IvankaTrump/status/896705195228381187 … We want 2 tell d American ppl what Ivanka tweets make GREAT political #responsetoracism!!
1:2 There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis.
legal case a PRIVATE entity was invaded by certn liberal Black Dems whom want 2 play #racecard politics I did like  CEO's here I #leftmycase
U're seeing d difference between d PRIVATE sector & politics!! What U said about #Charlottesville why these CEO's leaving My @advocatehealth
Sure you do.  You are toxic.  No one wants to get anywhere near.
I need a job since you don't need to know nothing about nothing I think I qualify
Imagine that. A businessman that other businessmen want absolutely nothing to do with. Wonder why that is?
#ElPatoDonaldTrump #TrumpVenezuelaSeRespeta
You went bankrupt how many times?? What can you do? You've bankrupt the Secret Service #ImpeachTrump
What a RICHARD
Donald there are no CEOs who will take their place you are too toxic
Is that why you shut it down, dummy???
Get em trump they were weak stock - bought and paid for trash
Do it, replace them!
Thanks for the jobs Mr President I will need them probably so thank you!
HAHAHAHA LOSER! Talk about BS
Thankyou mr brasdent
:Phrtt: Media's polling #'s are low about you , just like the Election They forget about the Silent , who are not polling !
:Worry not! many Republicans & Democrats will b replaced . Election's are around the Corner. Poor Americans are tired. SOS!
President Trump, We The People on Twitter 947 million strong R placing all these companies 0n BOYCOTT.
Shut up and re-think what you should do.
@realDonaldTrump so how did that work out for you?

Just don't allow @CampingWorld and/or @marcuslemonis 
They support violence like this against your supporters:  http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/06/16/this-list-of-attacks-against-conservatives-is-mind-blowing/ …
Just for them to leave. Your turnover rate is really really amazing and great. It's the best. Everyone's talking about it. The best. WAH
Tweeted right after they all quit & you claimed to have "disbanded them" THEY QUIT YOUR LOST CAUSE PRESIDENCY LIKE RATS FLEEING A SHIPWRECK!
… But grandstanding is all you have, No?
Thank you Mr. President for everything you do for us! We are ready to support you always.
Russian oligarchs do not count here, Donnie.
Every CEO who dropped out of the Manufacturing Council is a coward and not among the patriots of the USA.
Woah woah woah ..if this tweet is true, why did you dissolve the Council. ..smells like fake news to me
Awe man very happy to see your support of Steve Jobs, inspiration to us all #ripstevejobs
But you don't!  You had to disband Council(s) because no one is lining up - another epic fail.
Couldn't get replacments. HA HA
How'd that turn out? Filled with all new replacements?
You're such a #Loser and LIAR!
You are the biggest grandstander there is trumpy
You have no one to take their place because you have no friends.  Hitler took his own life, will you emulate your hero? #TrumpIsAllAlone
He did a lousy job at the press CONFERENCE..TRUMP IS A BAFOON
He's  a WAR MONGER and A BAFOON
MILITARY COUP
Where are they?      RESIGN!
Awesome sauce
You just don't get it do you Donny
Rats will jump off a sinking ship.Good people will work to save it.So you got rid of rats who would hurt rather than help
#TrumpUSA Everyone is replaceable... except for you, PresidentTrump!! #Champion #President
You're the only grandstander!! Everyone of substance is jumping the Trump ship!!!
Control of the country, and governance and address the problems of people, men, Nick is...Thanks...
Funny how you can spend countless brain cells condemning CEOs, but none condemning the madness of the alt-right tearing us apart. IM@potus
You could have done great things and surprised a lot of people. Instead, you just suck at everything.  #EvolveAmerica
Take his phone away. Painful to watch anymore.
Mr President Trump thank you and your family for serving our nation. You don't deserve the sh!7 people are saying about you.
That is your problem. Lack of loyalty and intelligance
They are abandoning you not the country they love. It's time to rethink how you come across
Lol. That's right. Let them leave. No offense to those that do.
get them out, get them out FAST!
yeah? who? U r toxic to the world
You have become a pariah
Except you didn't lol and then "you" disbanded LOL #LiarInChief
#nobodylikesyoutrump
Where are the CEOs today, #DirtyDonald?  I will tell you where they are. Plotting to have you impeached. #YoureANationalEmbarrasment
Impeach impeach Impeach
#NotMyPresident 
#uknowuraracist
Why are u still here?? #timetogo
Mr.president stay strong the swam must go congress must be change,senators as well, this is very serious what they doing
Dear this political propaganda, in the highest level, the swamp is rising, the media destroying the country & democrats

Who? Where are they? Is there a waiting list? I had misunderstood that you had terminated the Manufacturing Council. Fake news? Sad.
Replace Jared Kushner now please. He does not belong in D C at all. Big mistake.
And where are they lining up Sir in the vast empty space inside your head
You lying slime ball. Top American Leaders in production, research, investing trillions in US Economcy.. Want Nothing To Do With You.
They left because of your poorly thought out statement. JOBS will be lost BECAUSE OF WHAT YOU SAID WHICH WAS VERY HURTFUL! I'm 
Mr. President, how will this impact the Department of commerce?
Mr. President, I don't care what Dems, press, or RINOs say, I still back you 100%!
XMr President...please throw all of the bad media press out of the White House.. Let them go to Fox News for updates.
Another oopsie tweet, when are you gonna learn to keep those tiny hands of the qwerty keys.
Really so why did they all leave you?
Please explain why Trump brand clothing was manufactured overseas? As a private citizen, you did little to promote U.S. manufacturing.
Pretty much what you do when you go on a campaign rally, instead of trying to heal the country from your racist followers. Hurts don't it.
Update: no one to take their places. Had to disband in an attempt to look like he was in control.
This from the Grandstander In Chief...
No one wants to work for you Donny Johnny
I guess that wasn't the case
Yup they all lined right the fuck up for you oh wait after you said this all of them quit Fuck The Great Orange AssMuppet™!
Perhaps you should ask yourself why none of these highly successful business men and women don't want to have anything to do with you.
Maybe @realDonaldTrump should hire @BarackObama as a life coach...
"Grandstanders should not have gone on"? What does that even mean? You personally attack everyone who disagrees with you, grow up!!!!
YOU CAN'T BE ON BOTH SIDES PICK ONE @Optic Pamajj
just read the article about what led to this tweet. These CEOs were standing up for equality. You childish bigot. They have my business.
If you had so many to take their place, why did you disband it? Can't take a little criticism?
#LiarInChief #Loser
#MAGA?
Fake News
You are so right, these morons are grandstanding and need to go. over 60,000,000 support you & back your decisions, got your back.
Awww. You are adorable.
Yup. This worked out just like you thought it would.
#PutzOTUS
What a difference a day makes
Time is catching up on you ... tick tock.
Says the chief grandstander. You're projecting again, Donnie.
When you randomly tweet "JOBS," is that Tourrete's Syndrome?
So, @realDonaldTrump you have many more CEOs to take their places, is that why you disbanded the Manufacturing Council 1 day later Aug 16?
Diluting talent with numbers works very well when you don't care about the results and ignore the people meant to advise you.
