are you going to apologize to Obama? I doubt it! That would be over your head! No vacation this week? PoorDump

Thank you for interesting & substantive Weekly Address,MrPresident!The results of your vision coming together
Name something he has done in 50 days....nothing. Not one thing! His vision of division. Tax returns?
Jon,so sad you're seething w/utter hatred of POTUS,&whining like baby over tx return.GetALife
Sad u can't see the truth. I like how you gave many examples of what he's done....crickets!
No pretty much chalked you off as certifiable. Don't waste my valuable time debating looney libs
Yes certifiable! I ask a simple question and still not one example of anything Trumputin has done!
Instead of spewing hateful bs,educate yourself! Open mind&seek truthful news/info so you'd know


18 handicap? That's not to good and you probably lie on your scorecard. Hack! Hack golfer, hack president.
Dear President Trump,.
I believe that,
You Can  Make  America Great Again!!!!!!
Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGA http://45.wh.gov/hcdvxr  ...


why watch? Same old lies and BS!
#TRUMP JOKE. MUSLIMS ARE SO DUMB THEY CAN'T EVEN FLY AN AIRLINER THRU NEW YORK CITY WITHOUT HITTING A BUILDING!
Make your constituents proud of their president !!!!!!
your face and voice gross me out though.
TSA and National Guards, Elder Americans, the Sick. Your America is for the CEOs. I understand the  slogan.
drain that swamp buddy
Donnie only one day of work left until you can go on your weekly vacation! @realDonaldTrump
stamina!
Yes I Hate TRUMP
#InaugurationDay

We Hate Trump Like You Hated OBAMA.
However We Hate Trump Because He Is Racist, You Hated Obama…
I would not be surprised if you were a 13 year old girl

@POTUS Trump 
Thank you God Almighty,
 I #LoveMyPresident
Yes thank you and God bless all pussy grabbing philandering traitors everywhere.
Amen.
really Donald Trump's by American Be a merican really
Can't wait for you to take credit for everything Barack Obama did for Us. MAGAGAGAGA!
Remember, Saturday night is Daylight Savings Time, which means one less hour of the Trump Presidency!
... that seems pretty accurate
I hope relations are restored between America and Russia it would be good for the world.
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
.@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse #JobsReport
.@realDonaldTrump @oppstn How is 235K jobs great now when it wasn't enough under Obama?
@CNNPolitics Hey CNN is US @ war wth Russia? SOUNDS like it listening to @CNN. R ppl frm US allowed 2 go there on holiday?
you are not a good man.
 Today’s Mar-a-Lago flight is serving Angus beef w dark chocolate & juniper jus; & choc soufflé w cherry vanilla sorbet
Thought today's flight was serving Russian cranberry vodka, with a bit of Scottish golfing creme brulee
no we pushed that to his return on Sunday night.
You are both nincompoops.
FYI: you broke yet another law by sharing the jobs report numbers within an hour of their release...
is the president above the law?
& it's not just you... @seanspicer / @PressSec undeniably broke the law as well—it's your whole administration.
It's crazy—you've violated so many laws, people have begun ignoring it. Remember, Clinton was impeached simply for lying...
Have you thought of firing your speech writer - they don't seem very smart? Or maybe its all relative Mr Tiny
#MAGA  doing fantastic !
I can get lies anywhere. You're a dummy.
Unless your resigning and admitting to being a traitor, I'll pass on the #liefest
are you going to answer hard questions
forever under her shadow.
Wonder why it's there? Pretty sure he can change it.
dear mr trump millions of people are being tortured daily #targetedindividual they need your help shut down
the TI torture programs in USA and around the world
Mr President I always look forward to your weekly address because good news abounds! You are the BEST!!!
you don't speak or understand English do you Sammy.  Can I get whatever you are high on?
I'm high on President Trump. He has no equal. He is the best of the best! Long live @POTUS !!!!
Tel me why you believe that Sanmy?  I am truly curious.
4 a long time USA has not had some 1 in charge who actually shows leadership. Don't waste it!
were set up to protect us from a dictatorship.  Because of the Republicans acting as if
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
what r u doing with Vladdy after he attacked us, aimed missils at our ships, sent spy ship to Connecticut?
Attacked you? Aimed Missiles? The Spy Ship comes over almost yearly, sunder Clinton, Bush, Obama... not news (or a threat)
Just watch....BIG attack on our soil is what it will take just like 9/11. You and I , all of us should be very concerned
I'm not concerned with Russia launching an attack on the USA. Someone has been lying to you regarding the worlds' threats.
We have cause to feel pretty safe in that regard, I think. We keep killing each other in this country; scary.
End the Syria war soon. We need peace not damn war.
Why don't we send illegals back to their countries that break our laws after they become US citizen
sad day as Pittsburgh steelers owner has passed away
so when you try legally and does not help may be that's why ppl come here illegally??? Just s thought.....
Feb 2016 jobs added 242,000 under Obama.                 Feb 2017 jobs added 235,000 under Trump- said Obama was bad but Trump was great.
Currently watching your news conference with the king of Jordon. You are an embarrassment to our country.  Don't talk.
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
b
going to Florida again this weekend? https://youtu.be/HfqafLjePqw 
he's going to Louisville no one knows why including the people of Louisville!
You have no proof that OBAMA tapped your phones but you are making it increasingly obvious that you colluded with Russia.
Russia Russia Russia! That's ALL you can say!Sorry Hillary LOST cause she insulted 1/2 of Trump Supporters.
So you aren't the least bit concerned about all of the Russian ties that have been proven?
James Clapper & other officials, leaders say NO evidence found of Trump involved w/ Russia!
stop watching fox and listening to sphincter
I was listening to sphincter news @CNN where Clapper said NO Russian Evidence!
yo got yourself a couple round trip tickets for this crazytrain didnt yo

Letting Republicans be in charge is health care is like asking the dog to watch your dinner
..like asking the Dem's!same dinner,new plate! #GoSinglePayer
*USA needs hackers around the world to find trumps tax returns and reveal them 2 the world
Do us all a favor, #Resign
How do you explain your lack of extreme vetting on Michael Flynn & Paul Manafort? You have dirt on your hands!
sound foolish 
Keep up the good work
You may Get The Space Shuttle Ready For Tonight SAT.Loaded em ALL 
......21H30 PM
Trump turned the WH into an ocean of scum!

no one will watch you.  You are a conman #donthecon #Impeach45 #impeachtrump #trumpgate #trumprussia

didn't think there could be a bigger media shitshow than the Jodi Arias trial Can't wait for yours
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse
It says media can't be displayed. Hallelujah!
Perhaps Pres. Trump should hire White House fence jumper as security design consultant for Mexican border wall.
Can somebody pls tell me why legislators are meeting with foreign diplomats, a duty of the State Dept.?
They are either trolling for cash, or think they're more than they are, public servants representing their ppl.
you should talk to the press instead of lying to the public #ShitHead #so-calledpresident
How's Russia, Benedict Arnold?

better for who? What about people with disabilities, they matter too!
I only listen to real news, I am finished listening to lies.. We the people are coming to clean up our house

#DEJAVU Song that hit the charts after the Cold War. #Russia #StopTheNeocons! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4RjJKxsamQ … (H/T) @marroquinedgar 
Why is you son in law meeting with foreigners that should be meeting the Rex Tillerson, is he selling stuff?
DRAFT DODGERS should not salute honorable servicemen and women.
Ryan's Health Plan does DEEP HARM to ppl & gives $592B payday to rich & corps. Rename to: The Trump-Could-Care-Less Plan.
 Best POTUS ever!
said that 6th 4th

.6r

. 

Really?
yet another weekend playing golf on our dime.
Gag
<<< Poor Misinformed Confused, So Sad.      
 @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
Obamacare is NOT imploding. That is your fall back when yours implode.It is Trumpcare now and you own it MF
Praying for you and success in decisions that honor God. Let Jesus use you to set a precedent for those looking
No extra bull shit needed, thank you.
https://twitter.com/LouiseMensch/status/841608867125551104 …
it will be interesting to see what you look like behind bars.  you are a crooked man.
It's still America thank goodness we still have some freedom not to watch it  or will you change that too?
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
You show off that's it .#fuckyoutrump

release your taxes and how about the Russian interference ... still waiting
No thanks. When your lips are moving you are lying. Tick tock! #RESISTANCE
u must have been friends with WH intruder bcuz u r both mentally "troubled"
Of all the mistakes your parents made, you take the cake!
So which white house staff member is gonna end up being your patsy Donald. Mr President?
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
who gives a shit, it is all lies! Media should boycott YOU!  Mr Tyrant
Also, I understand that the CIA doesn't think you are the boss of them. All that arming and funding AQ was
ahh... how sweet. hope your staff isn't stealing your thunder by f*ing up while u play dress up w/ the boys.
GOD WANTS DONALD TRUMP TO APPEAR NOT SO POLISHED BECAUSE GOD WANTS YOU TO REALIZE THE PRESIDENT IS JUST LIKE U!
ok bye bye trump please go now. I heard you've been enjoying our tax dollars every weekend profiting your biz.

LIAR! TRAITOR!  We need you to answer questions under oath and be held accountable! Putin did this to harm US!
Tune in for your weekly dose of lies! #Trumpcare #garbage

Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
yup. Lots of fucking stars alright. Like a kick in the head.
Mr President, a good friend of mine who's also iblack, passionately feels you need to speak out against hate.
impeachment is coming to you and you and your cronies are gona be in nice orange jumpsuit can't wait.
Make sure you address the fact that @IvankaTrump is bring her products from China. Yeah make America great. 
This weekend will mark your 9th and 10th rounds of golf in about 50 days. You play more than a retired doctor!
- Hussain Haqani is currently residing in USA and trying to destabalised my country is some one could stop him
thank you for the Presidential commemorative invitation! This is a wonderful and thoughtful gift
I heard news clip of you saying you inherited a mess but things are much better now. 50 days you have done zip
guessing your way of saying job numbers are real now. News flash, 235,000 jobs added last 3 Feb of Obama Admin
there's still carnage, Flint still has dirty H2O,  2nd Ban, Russian Steel not USA, 1/2 your cabinet in bed w/ Russia,
TrumpCare not what you wanted. Big battle in congress & American Citizens don't want that bullshit you guys are peddling!
If stupidity was painful, you'd be in agony
missed it, did U talk about 50-60% unemployment rate? FAKE reports UR given - very BAD, economy IMPLODING
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
FALSE wire tap claims argue for REMOVAL of DJT and/or IMPEACHMENT#whiteliesmatter#toddlerinchief
amazing how left are eating up the plan of the enemy, to derail our country. tell enough lies they become true!
T Y Mr President. The democrats are very sneakily plotting manipulative tactics to their way in.
I'd rather jab hot knitting needles in my ears. Thanks tho.
Where is our President and what have you done with him? BTW how'd u like SNL? Hilarious!!
No thanks. If I want to hear people who speak at your level, will visit a kindergarten class. More authentic.
now make the fence higher! Add guard dogs for patrols and have 24 hr seal team assigned to Pres! NOW!
government is not reality tv. Please grow up. This is inane and insulting.
More stupidity at 11 AM.
you're a hack and a hypocrite...
#DumpsterFiresideChat
Did Bannon let you play with the video editing equipment again? Very nice, now go put a star on the  refrigerator.
nope

