God Love you President Trump, u make us Proud, & God bless all through this difficult time
Don't put my saviour in that. He was from the middle east. Remember Trump put a travel ban on them.
Tanisha your statement is so foolish, I can't even imagine how you came up with it 
I don't remember anyone lining up for Obama. Like they do for Trump is the most popular person in the world weather you like him or not
Amusing lol he is actually one of the most Hated persons in the world.
Your the one that follows him if I hated someone witch I don't hate god teaches us not to hate .
Yes. He also said how can you love me whom you have not seen and don't love your brother whom you have seen. Read your Bible.
Another great southern state,great moral people in the south would give you the shirt off their back if you were cold or feed you if hungry.

WHAT IS A SPIRIT. THE WORLD DON'T KNOW WHAT THE WORD MEANS. WHAT DID JESUS CHRIST SAY A SPIRIT IS HE IS THE ONE THAT COUNTS.
SPIRIT IS AWESOME be careful of the evil spirits they're here in AZ also of all shapes and sizes let's deport them to hell they rejected GOD
What is a hereos?
Love you Present Trump. You have my support!
Make sure you have God's support because you sure going to need it.
@thankyou

,ты не должен принимать решений в интересах евреев.Российская империя никогда не признаёт Израиль,Украину,США еврейскими.
the lives you are killing in Yemen???
what about your war in Yemen!!!???
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard… htt...
No outrage over the disrespect of the flag in ur video?
Hmmm surprised you didn't flip out on those wearing flag as clothing which is a big no no . SElective btwn black & white violations of flag?
God bless them. Too bad  no one else in Calif knows that Republicans won the vote.  Their turn to suck it up
USA LOVES TRUMPS  Blessing 2 USA
No, Trump supporters love Trump don't be blaming that on America. We love all people.
Finally America gets to see a real President.  Thank you Donald Trump for your outstanding service and performance.
You mean Obama?
OBAMA sent 150 Billion Dollars To Iran In Cash... 
Texas hasn't  Received Any Money Yet... 
Is it because Congress Is On Vacation Again?
No, your president is.
i miss having a president who knew how to spell
Thank you for giving us our country back finally President that I am proud of. Thank you President Donald Trump.
Pretty slim turnout. It must be hard on you to be the least liked President in modern  history. Hang in there - less than 3.5 years to go.
加油
Thank u too for showing concerns
@POTUS @NationalGuard oi
You sir are a draft dodging piece of hippo manure. But worse you only fertilize and grow hate and discord. You lack the cute ears as well.
Way to distract the zeroes POTUS! Now get out of Nancy and Chuck's back pocket. We elected you, not them. Back to work!
As p
The dreamers are among the hereos( heroes) who saved many lives 
I'm surprised Tweeter didn't censor this video too! I was NOT allowed to retweet the video with our President in Texas w/the people & Troops
From a greatful veteran keep up the great work Mr. President
Como podem ver, os americanos odeiam Trump...
look at how small that crowd is
Presidente donaldtrump tienes que ser más flexibles con los emigrantes abrazos para todos el mundo
it was the wildness of it that got me going.
DR.TRUMP, IT WOULD BE POSSIBLE TO INVESTIGATE IF COLD INJECTION CAN BE DISTANCE WHEN THESE STORMS AND TORNADO ARE FORMING TO ACAVARLAS
DR.TRUMP, SERIA POSIBLE INVESTIGAR SI SE PUEDE INYECTAR FRIO A DISTANCIA CUANDO ESAS TORMENTAS Y TORNADOS SE ESTAN FORMANDO PARA ACAVARLAS
What's a hereo...is that like a cheerio that saves lives?
Better greeting than New York
We are proud of YOU Mr. President!!!




That edit tape will be a part of his 2020 campaign
I see a bunch of white people looks like a kkk convention- did they forget their hoods?!
You can do it better
Trump is...... he's an old fart stuck in his narrow minded ways. He's also stupid. He's also a criminal
O
Barry from Kenya would never visit anything unless hot dogs were being served. Thank you Mr. President for every sacrifice you've made
So much SUCKING in the White House!
God bless the Cajun Navy!  and NOT Donald Trump...NEVER TRUMP!
Small turnout. Sad. And what's more sad? They were paid.
It was bigley!
LOUISIANA depends on Oilfield for employment. Taxes to high, no one wants to go there open manufacturing.oil down, lots people unemployed
Trump- Biafrans youths died cele ur victory  by Nigerian army still u haven't said anything. not kind of u as the president of the world
good talk
LA may need more than spirit, like boats, food, water, new mobile home, etc. etc. @LouisianaTravel
.  M
HEREOS? Did you mean Oreos?
I have seen more people at a supermarket opening by Jan Michael Vincent

@DonaldJTrumpJr is about as dumb as they come, and that is GOOD for our laws and justice system. https://twitter.com/RawStory/status/905832855900737537 …
Looks bigger than the inauguration crowd!
Hereos?
#
fools, each and every one.
True Americans
Greatness
How much did you pay those people to show up? They don't live in LA, son. Trust me, they don't.
Thanks for visiting us, sir! I was an OIC of shelter in N.La with the Guard.
HEREOS? #DonnieCantSpell
How much did you pay them 15-an hour
a
See you that's really what pulling together is all about!
Actually all of those people stood there to see what a real ass***e looks like! They wanted to see if ur are for real
 dumb president we have
Spirit is high for the country and you @POTUS Get Congress to stick to passing the agenda. Careful of the Dems. No such thing as compromise.
You stole another Obama tape???
Here-os, there-os, everywhere-os!
None of us actually like you don't get cocky :)
POTUS YOUR BASE HAS YOUR BACK!#MAGA
LA despises you & your racist policy.
Mr president.  Thought you would like this . A fantastic home goal by the haters . Lol
Great job Louisiana!
Glad you came our way loved having you .make America great
My grandson is one of the national  guard in la.
Did y'all see how high there gas is !!  At the gas station in the video outrageous  CA there gas is 2× as high  as the rest of the country
Ray Boyd camouflage hat make America great again
You have already done more than Obama. I lost everything in Katrina and still don't have a home! 
Pretty sparse crowd.  Plenty of room left, but where are they?  #Notmypresident,#Donthecon,#Blotus,#DumptheRUMP,#Blotus,#cheetoman

God Bless America!
"HEREOS"

lmfao
CNN has damaged their self beyond repair.
Totally understand and awesome
Thats AMERICA
Not what cnn( clinton news network) would have us believe
Two DACA young men lost their lives in Texas being "HEREOS"
Great to see the response in Texas & Louisiana but Trump needs to turn some attention to the fires out West !
some of them are dreamers who you just stabbed in the back...from behind Sessions. COWARD.
You need to pay the actors more for these "impromptu" rallies. Pretty sparse for a president. Obama's were real, and huge.
Lol there's like 40 people there.... ooooook
Literally 30 people there. Just saying
lmao only 1 row deep!!! much much bigger 4 OBAMA
Small crowd if you ask me.
look at all those inbred redneck trump groupies
LOL...look at all the people the showed!  LOL...pathetic.
Wow...only 40 people turned out to see the Traitor and Chief. The crowd is so small it is BIGLY pathetic.
HoooooRAH! 
Yes, thank you @NationalGuard, #LEOs and the #CajunNavy for doing what Trump didn't have the guts to do.

Throwback to when: .@BarackObama agreed with .@realDonaldTrump on immigration. #daca 
The one that is beside him or just as dumb as he is he's like a 5th Grader Less Than a 5th Grader he knows nothing
there much  problem over de world  my president solve it before talk about emigration
@POTUS Remove ALL Deductibles to patients. Offer Zero Co-Pays/Co-Insurance. Premium Policy covers 100% of ALL Medical. Americans want this!
We love you down here!!
What about the Coast Guard? These people work rescues and disasters EVERY SINGLE DAY.
Just the heroes you like, though, right?
Gas.really  million and .having..hit history...foolproof..!!!!!!
Disgusting parade and campaign stump when you should've been addressing and comforting victims of Harvey. Too little, TOO LATE!

Mr. President what a wonderful feeling it must be to know how many American care and love you!  Thank you for being our President.
From a draft dodger
Though the left is trying to show that the President has low rate, it is the opposite of reality.   People would like to see the President.
I'm so disappointed in my state rn!!!
There's definitely no black people there
You are so low you had a picture photoshopped of you saving two cats in flood waters. The real hero was physically fit, not broad ass like u
HEREOS????
"Never underestimate the bad taste of the American Public."  H. L. Mencken #DumpTrump

The Commander in Chief can block @VoteVets, the voice of 500k military veterans and families, but we will NOT be silenced. 
Is this a line to see Trump or did they open up another Chick-Fil-A? #DumpTrump
Go trump
wow!
Pro americans
What is a hereo?  Sad @realDonaldTrump pays so little care and attention to thanking people doing such hard and difficult work for Houston.
Pretty sure these were not YOUR crowds
My commiserations to the crowd who were expecting to see a worthy, respected and beloved president and then got you, not Obama.
