Why not focus on creating enough medical supplies to meet medical demands of the whole society? Privatization is the wrong way forward.
Who says we need money ;) It's just a medium of exchange demanded because of shortages of resources after all.
Then you realize that capitalism isn't a utopia.
I'm not a socialist. My economics is neither socialist nor capitalist.
Why? An executive order dropping the mandate would give the choice back to the citizens. Can't afford it next year like millions of others.
#HealthInsurance is not #HealthCare. Use @Umahealth to find doctors, skip #insurance & lower cost. Get $25 for signing. #aca #obamacare
It’s broken because Trump quit making the payments. It’s not perfect but can be fixed. Instead Trump and GOP will leave 30M with nothing
They should get that fixed I followed you kindly follow back
Trump, you suck!
Wow! 
Did you call him on your big boy phone?!
Elvispresley born in the dog old  same to you
A lot of people know a lot more than trump! He is such a moron.
You forgot to hashtag that!
Lemme help u out 
#TrumpIsAFuckingMoron
Obama care should exist
you really think you matter still. thats cute. The gop no longer needs its useful idiot after you sign the tax bill. then guess what? bubye donny.
الى الجحيم
Who knows?!?!? YOU! you and the other #morons that work and voted for you ..THATS who!
You're dangerously obsessed with  @BarackObama. If Obama touched it, you must get rid of it. #IranDeal #DACA #ObamaCare

You are breaking it instead of fixing it.  Hurry up, before the Russia investigation indictments start.  Then, who knows.


The only thing crying Chuck wants to do is to drum you out of office and install single-payer ..never trust him
Working with Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi is like working with the gunk on the bottom of your shoe after walking through a cow pasture
America doesn't want an improved Obama care plan they want it overturned demolished and erased forever
Obamacare 4 life until we get another president with brain then will be fixed but not with pussy grabber president
REPEAL IS WHAT WE WANT
You are causing it because you are weak and jealous #spychopath

Well, the RINO'S have sure made a mess of things. It appears they are more interested in the KICKBACKS rec'd fm insurance companies.

Sessions? He still exists? Wouldn't know it!
You support this?
who even knows?
you state and i "badly broken,big premiums WHO KNOWS!" how can you say repeal and replace if you dont even know if its broke?
Only thing I know is since you became president the world lost respect for the US. Time to retire - let America get back to being great
You don't because you don't work on it.
How does a "President" have so much time to use #Twitter? Don't you have shit to do??
You should have thought about that before you started cutting funds for the Affordable Care Act. History will reflect what you did
Help me understand Donny You call to improve Healthcare in the day you OK depriving contraception to millions? Do you not see the irony?
Look what I broke Chuck! Want to clean up the mess I made! #TrumpLeadership

You can start by not destroying Obamacare. Tell your party to work with Democrats to FIX it. People will be covered, and they will like you
According to me, this tweet resembles this one from April 2013: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/324924905453936641 …
#SupportKurdistan
If it's broken, can't we fix it rather than repealing it?
the saps that you are the same people who gave you this crap are now saying they could fix it and you libtards believe it
We already know what you did. We were told by the news media that you’re always calling “fake” or “failing.” You just confirmed their story.
YOU keep breaking it. How DARE you come after our birth control coverage! BC treats hundreds of women's health issues!
Why should I pay for your problems? Thank America for Trump!
I pay for my insurance and if I’m paying for it, my meds should be covered the same as yours. So STFU about things you know nada about.
Fake President.
We miss you Obama

I’m a #hedgeafile @dazzlebrain
I think if you were to actually improve healthcare like you promised many hurting people across america, you would be more popular.
Go spend time with your son Barron.

The party you claim loves you WON'T DEAL WITH YOU? So you deal with the DEMS?
“Repeal and replace with something better on day 1. This stuff is easy, it’s what I do”
You don’t know much, that’s for sure!
It takes a man of great knowledge to decree another man has little knowledge. Are you such a man? Bishop, is there any greater than you?
WE need something months ago! I've been without 3 years. Are you stopping the fine for not having insurance?!
REPEAL! THAT WAS PROMISED!
Can't get repeal through congress - establishment keeps blocking attempts. He's looking at block grants to keep the system from imploding.
Hi Gina! Thanks!
The instability in ACA is caused by your Administration's sabotage.
Need to guarantee that individuals with pre existing conditions are protected!
Need to hold COSTS down. And increase coverage.
Every prior effort has been a thinly veiled effort to cut taxes for the wealthy. Must renew #CHIP NOW!
We need BIPARTISAN efforts. @SenatorCollins and others will work with democrats if they are allowed.
Cutting funding for Planned Parenthood and harming women should NOT be part of any deal!
A just make it like it use to be. Because all of that killing our taxes for not having it is some bullshit bro LOL For Real
.....I HOPE CHUCK IGNORES YOU. WAIT, U WILL BE IMPEACHED. THAT BIG LOUD MOUTH WILL BE SHUT. GOOD RIDDANCE!!!!
GUN CONTROL!
Go after Big Pharma. Legalize marijuana. Best cheapest life saving medicine. FREEDOM
We the blue collar workers need help, living paycheck to paycheck because the cost of living is through the roof!  I have faith in you! MAGA
TRUMPCARE IS DEAD IN THE WATER!!! IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP!!! YOU ARE A LOSER, RACIST PIG, LIAR!!!
#FAKEPRESIDENT
Making a deal with the snakes?
Who knows? Definitely not you.
So work with the side that created the mess and has been voted out the majority.
Even the woman who you supposedly sleeps next to every night hates you. Imagine how we the people of this nation feel... 
Y waste your time dealing with him?
To heck with Chuck Schumer and all those #REPUBLICRATS.
You’re terrible. I have incredible and increasing disgust for you.
You're helping to break Obamacare.  The dems will fix it.
If it's broken, why did you just give the employers the right to take away birth contol and shorten the enrollment period? Stop the sabotage
big premiums are better than impossible hospital bills.
Chuck doesn't care about the American people. He puts himself and party above everything. Obstructionist!
Tweak and fix the ACA. It's better than starting from scratch.
Nobody wants your insane ideas go away already
That will put pressure on ins co to sell ins to people in the general risk pool or they lose the business to gummit .
Stay away from @SenSchumer he don't want to help you, he wants to hurt your job! Dems want single payer, that's what ACA was about anyways
#stealthdem
To be honestI would not trust any Democrat!

your health care will probably put us all in the http://po.house 
Get Schumer on the phone.  We'll have a whole different kind of conversation 
Damn skippy
Shmucker will back stab, lie, looks and behaves like mafia...cannot be trusted.
It don’t hurt to try, Mr Trump. All you need is five
make american universal health care act a.v.h.c   hmm
58th times a charm? C'mon! No matter how many times you say it...we still think you're being a baby about it.
@POTUS maybe one day Pelosi & Schumer will actually listen to what the American people want!!!!!
You sir are taking an active direct role in hobbling it. If you were serious you would’ve gotten farther by now & had a plan in order.
You're breaking it and hurting millions of Americans in the process. #loser #racist
Big Don, fuck that ObamaCare straight off!
Just give it up,you failed at health reform and now move on and lick your wounds,hop had 8 years to back the talk and failed,bigly !!
Shut-up
Fake President, you have no clue about healthcare.  you don't Care about the American people.
..Leave it alone!
You need to call Sanders he has a Single Payer bill ready for you to sign
Please, Affordable Health Care works fine. Insurance companies , some, are greedy. Like you.
https://twitter.com/CoveredCA/status/915962350959603713 …. Not sure if you are aware of the lives health care currently saves...fyi
It’s #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth. Mammogram screenings are included as free preventive care on all CoveredCA plans. http://bit.ly/2hCITXH  
How about calling your own people and telling them to get busy - and how about you help.
Real uplifting phrasing you got there.
Don't hold your breath.
But...you said that each one of your other 56 health care bills were GREAT. Were you lying then...Or, are you lying now??
Funny how all the trolls don't even know what is being proposed but still talk BS at @realDonaldTrump
There are specific issues that are a problem and CAN BE FIXED.  Fix them.  Repeal/replace is a head horse.
Oops...DEAD horse...
Are you exclaiming or making a query?  Consider and punctuate accordingly.
Get it fixed. Please
You & your henchmen are sabotaging the ACA. You're playing politics with people's lives. I'd say " same on you," but you can't feel shame.
Blah blah blah.. Zzzzzz
it's failure rides with your administration now.
I'm paying just under 600.00 dollars a month for two people and my husband is covered by Medicare
Wish aca gets repealed. So all those stupid who voted 4 #putinsbitch n needed insurance suffer the consequences. No matter the consequences
bc you are making that happen.  Typucal, forget what the country wants make them all pay for your jealousy!
@realDonaldTrump is a NUT JOB. Somebody needs to test his psychological fitness. His base needs to open their eyes. He's unstable. #SpeakOut
Repeal it please #Potus. Then open the free market system. This is not a socialist country, after all.

Tweetie, you lie and injure the nation, resign!

Keep your friends close but your enemies closer. As long as you always know they do not have your best interest at hand (nor ours)!
You are undoing it slowly do people will be without.  Unethical mean and cruel
Вы-Молодец!
#FakeNewsTrump
If it it broken then fix it but my question to you is why does your employees have Obamacare.
He'll only 'deal' if the progressives get their way. Watch your back!
Force feed them obama hussein care. I bet they vote quick! No exemptions! #DRAINTHE SWAMP
What did Chuckie say?!?!
You are such an amazing and classy person and POTUS. Hoping you can get the ideologues to listen instead of talking.
Just be sure Chuck isn't pissing any more TEARS, we don't need that Democrat sympathy stuff, same with old Nancy Peloski, UGH!
Don't do it!  Chuck is not an American and doesn't have our counties interest in his heart, he's a liar!
Just repeal!!!
Repeal OBAMACARE without replacing it; only then will Democrats cooperate to come up with legitimate healthcare, not, global lunacy.
Great healthcare bill?  They want to shove single payer down our throats.  We're better off if you sign a few EOs.  RINOs totally useless.
LIAR
you don't have a great healthcare bill.
The ACA's problems are GOP created.
Oh,and the only thing broken is your brain!  You prove each day that NOTHING works when you're involved!
Why r u so hateful n divisive... think bigger than self... Cofefe
That he achieved more than what you have so far or ever will. That he's also way more popular, admired and respected by not only millions
The Dems and Supreme Court created this mess, and are therefore, responsible for the cleanup.  Let them bask in their inability to govern!
I notice that you didn't say "here's what Shumer agreed to".
WHAT'S YOUR GREAT HEALTHCARE BILL CALL?! UMMM, NOTHING...YOU DON'T HAVE ONE!!!
NO obamacare fix! Repeal it. The voters are replacing Senate liberals and RINOS in 2018. No need to deal with devils to prop up obamacare.
The ACA is fine, but you're doing your best to sabotage it.
ACA was never broken but u don't know it only needs tweaking not a butcher!! U just want to totally erase his name but u wil fail at that 2
We need to replace it get back to where was the country was doing fine! Go back 10 years ago our country's been around since 1776
Who knows ? Not you thats for sure
You are screwing everything up.
Unfortunately it will never happen. They have zero interests in helping you succeed. But, we the people who voted for you do!

If you want to do a great deal on Health Care. Make it Universal Health Care. What is your hold up!!!!! Make it happen Trump!
Isn't it your responsibility to uphold the laws of USA, including ACA, which you are actively trying to destroy? It's want majority wants.
After the #epicfail on your healthcare bill, now you want to talk to the other side? You are the #MoronInChief and should  #ImpeachTheMoron
Ahaha your suppose to find out
Ok!
(President Trump)TODAY YOU SHOULD CALL A NEWS CONFERENCE MAKE 2 POINTS. HEALTH CARE IS FAKE EXPLAIN WHY.REQUEST THE RETURN OF  MY DAUGHTER.


Mr. President please suspend penalties for those who can't purchase Health plan..really hurting the middle and lower middle class. #MAGA
Quit sabotaging it, Donny. You are doing all you can to make it fail and it's not working for you. You look incompetent and petty.
You wont fix it because its Obamacare. Doesnt have your name on it. You threw 9M children off insurance! Disgusting!
And Schumer said to suck his ass!
It seems that,  trump want to clear all the good deeds which is done by Obama. So trump started from Obamacare.
Chuck Schumer needs to be removed he's a disaster.
But if Schumer were removed, where would @jimmykimmel get his material? He would have to improvise his sniveling, phony, liberal talking points!
