He's still alive?  He's GOT to be senile by now to consider you to be a strong leader. Did you pay him?
Poland knows what's up.
Bob Dole don't even have a working penis....
how would you know?  What does it look like? tell us.
Thank you @SenatorDole, very kind! ...
Why are you mentally ill? And why are you not getting professional help.

Thank You, @SenatorDole for Your kind words & thank YOU @realDonaldTrump...for being a PRESIDENT for US.:)
Dole is right , nice letter , well said
Care to explain why #Syria was one of the safest countries in the world prior to 2011?
You think Syria is nice what are you from there and if you notice you're the only one posting anything on here and you never shut up
@WeidmanBill that's you're contribution to this thread? Don't read my tweets if they are too much for you to comprehend but I won't shut up.
I remember d #October1996 debate Sen Dole had w/Prez @billclinton cuz I watched it in Wisconsin That's d weekend my @HUDgov bid went through
Tom Coates is a loser
I love all the@losers who claim lying media is correct. Lying media is collapsing against the powerful trump truth.
he also announced to the world he had no idea USA had 17 Intel agencies! Dumb-AZZ

Oh my goodness. Well we know uncle bob didn't write this... but whoever did is equally deep into dementia.

Bravo Mr. President BRAVO!
He's senile
Well done the World has heard and has responded in kind. One person one community one country at a time.
It is great to read the support for our POTUS who has USA's interest at HEART. Time for us all to get behind him.
get there fast before he gets behind you
What a complete absolute piece of BS! None of that is true! Dole has gone fully senile confusing Trump with Obama!
Like Bob Dole actually wrote this. It's hard enough to believe he actually thought it.
Bob Dole is senile and you're taking him serious. Who wrote this?
Senile old fool...
He's like 9,000 years old. Sad that was the only dude you could find w say anything remotely positive about your cluster trip. #trumprussia
I fact-checked your lying tweet.  He's 93.  You were off by 8,907 years.  You leftists love fact-checking, so I award you four pinocchios.

I Love Bob Dole

Poor Bob Dole.

No one cares. He's more senile than you are.

I'm wondering to, why its social hour .. get to work!!!
deblasio is worst than new York times
Best president. Ever
A letter from an out of touch career GOP politician that backs a clueless Russian lackey..... very impressive.
Prov.11.14
Where there is no #counsel, the #people fall; But in the #multitude of #counselors [1/2]
I'd believe 45* is a Martian before I'd believe he's a Christian. #Blasphemy #Hipocracy #25thAmendmentNOW #ObamaWasWayBetterThan45
You were amazing!
Why is Dole trying to speak for America? You need a cabinet position?
Wow, that's a whole other level of ass kissery.
Your daughter is not the president. Do you know what would happen if I sent my daughter to treat my patients? I'd get sued and fired.
You are incapable of being eloquent. And the only stirring you manage is in people's stomachs.
You are not accepted in the eyes of many.
Accepted in the eyes of enough real Americans to be president for 8 years. #MAGA
Americans should be proud of Trump's strong American leadership? Not if that leadership includes prioritizing Putin over our country
Where did u get that from?
voters want term limits for Congress.  Do something.
sorry don't believe in your rhetoric.
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE TRUMP AND AMERICA!!
Get a kick out of news saying Trump's numbers are going down. Bullcrap. What are they doing? Making up numbers? Uh uh.
We can't trust polls. They're a propaganda tool used by the desperate.
Everything I hear I take with a grain of salt, especially Polls from God knows where.
Putin also said you were ahhhhmazing.

Thank you @SenatorDole for acknowledging @POTUS success 
oh yeah, flat tax or I want to see the rich paying more more more. Do away with income tax-FED sales tax

Love and miss them dearly!
We are all proud of you @realDonaldTrump
So proud!!  Now it's time to come home, @POTUS Trump!  #MAGA
#MAGA Make America Grovel Again
Well, aren't you special @Katmai1113?  Lol!
Why yes. Yes I Am. Thank you for saying so. Lol!
Look how they welcomed a real leader. On the plus side. You had much bigger protester numbers. Winning 
And poor little donny with all his friends
Alpha males like Pres Trump don't need 2 b popular.  Libs will never understand this concept. Trump didn't go there 2 make nice w/globalists
Trudeau & Macron r borderline females, at best Metrosexuals in skinny jeans.puke! Putin is an Alpha male, as is Pres Trump, u know it's true
Trump has never drank nor done drugs.  Can't say the same 4 any of the others.  So if Pres Trump wants 2 indulge a little in his 70's, good!
But has bragged about sexually assaulting people
@realdonaldtrump gets confused because it's another red, white, & blue flag. @POTUS puts country before party, the country's just #RUSSIA !
DEMOCRATS WHINE RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA WITH NO PROOF AND WASTE TAX DOLLARS!! MOVE ON!
This just proves the liberal resistance is failing miserably since Nov.8. It's just damaging their frail party even more.
I'm sure there's more than just Russian collusion from Obama adm. I believe he has ties too ISIS.He's Muslim and wouldn't identify the enemy
#ObamaWasBetter
Unlike Doe, Trump, or Bernie, President Obama doesn't have to struggle with Depends every morning...or Low Testosterone. #RESISTANCE
Michelle has more testosterone than Obummer
Oh man. Only a real clever person can come up with this insults. Way to go! Should get a participation trophy!
The trophy is getting liberals triggered easily
Aw well I'd say it's worth it! I mean someone has to be so obsessed w libs to sit around and just trigger them. Good thinking!
No I'm just chilling while watching #UFC213, liberals are the ones that race to be the first 1s to reply to Dons tweets during the weekdays
You would have a point if thin skinned potus would stop blocking them. What a leader!
True words and thank you President Trump!
FROM THE HEART WE LOVE PRESIDENT TRUMP
@SHSanders45 @SenatorDole too chicken to go on camera today? Shame on you
Do you ever stop promoting yourself?
Trump associates who've offered on-the-record or *under-oath* falsehoods about meeting w Russians- Pence Flynn Sessions Kushner  Donald Jr
He's mentally ill.  Jus like you
100 Year old Dole? 

Is Dole senile too?
I'm loving this
Shocking that Dole is 93 years old and worth 240+ million.  Senile or de facto beneficiary or proposed tax cuts?  Or both. You choose.
Too bad you couldn't/didn't write this speech.Good you had a lucid moment to read it.
I admire Bob Dole but I seriously doubt that he wrote this ... just watched an interview from 4 years ago.
Donald Trump has accomplished more in 5 months than BHO  accomplished in 8 years!
Did he lose his marbles between Poland and Hamberg?
I see all you CRAZYS ARE SO IN LOVE WITH Russian SURE PUTIN WOULD LOVE YOUR ADS OVER THERE
What I heard first was the normal bile he delivers about the press and media.  Bob Dole must have rocks in his head.
Always so proud of President Trump!! So kind & classy!! Love him so much!!
Two senile men complementing each other.
Another trool
This is why I voted Trump...down with liberalism..down with globalism..protect or boarders..protect our way of life and values..
Bob Dole has lost his mind
Thank you, Sen Dole. I am very proud of my president as well.
Time to play offense.  The American people want the dems who blatantly broke the law to go to jail.  They will never support you, but WE DO!
Trump must be stopped and removed from power. He does not speak for 3/4 of americans.
Greatest Speech ever!!!
Very classy and respectful letter from Mr. Dole.

#MAGA!
Really? This is how the world sees you as @POTUS & how you are making a JOKE out of our beloved USA. SAD & SHAMEFUL!
I totally agree with Senator Dole
This is why i voted for President
Trump.
Im feeling like more of our politicians are coming around and being won over by President Trump's speeches and U.S. solidarity
Jackass!
Funny how the other countries don't share this sentiment.

Did you forge this?
so some disagree with your views .... I 100% with your views please visit chattanooga
Congrats!
Maybe he's one of the ones that wants the massive tax break
The rantings of a semi-sane racist.
How narcissistic, have to keep showing everyone when you get a compliment. Like you Fake cabinet meeting where
how bout that @chucktodd

This is awesome. All my respect @SenatorDole! Love you-God bless you and yours.
Very very nicely written. wish he was still in the senate. I think u did a great job Mr. President. Keep leading & ignore msm click bait.
Where's the signature?  Looks fake to me. You lie daily so wouldn't be surprising
https://sarahabed.com/2017/06/20/german-academics-pen-open-letter-slamming-western-interpretation-of-syria-crisis/ … #Syria didn't need an intervention or any outside support, there was no crisis prior to 2011, this war was imposed.
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/national-security/graham-slams-disastrous-meeting-putin-calls-russia-trump-s-blind-n781096 …
This is a Patriot speaking truth! Thank you Senator Dole
He's senile
Who pays attention to Bob Dole? For Christ's sake, the guy can't even peddle Viagra anymore, which he and DJT both rely on.
She blew right past @POTUS, to shake @FLOTUS  hand first.  Probaly was AFRAID of getting her "P**** GRAPPED" "T"
Bob Dole is still alive and a Senator?  I haven't heard anything from him in a decade.  Reaching aren't u
you yourself could learn from that
IN GOD WE TRUST - IN TRUMP WE BELIEVE...Amen..
https://twitter.com/American1765/status/884039328304726016 …
I think he's actually mocking you.
Dole must be senile.

Wow! When did Bob Dole get Alzheimer?
#25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #FakePresident
Wonderful! And thank you Mr. President for what you do in helping Venezuela. We admire your courage and conviction despite the odds.
This is very gracious  Mr Dole

WH spokes haven't talked to POTUS  about climate views, whether Russia interfered, or if he's read healthcare bill–WTH do they talk about? https://twitter.com/glennthrush/status/880858734045614080 …
finally a fellow republican willing to give our President the credit he deserves. Take notice other repubs
By the time all the dead voters got through HRC lost by 3,000,000 votes not counting the illegal votes from NYC and LA
all your underlings had to say all the rehearsed dribble of how great ppl say you are. Now that was truly Fake
It's so sad to see Senator Dole in such cognitive decline.
Spot on
@POTUS @vp @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @CNN @FOX @MSNBC @GOP Scripted and practiced speech is different fm what DRumpf ( Trump) Tweets -Get that ?
I'm happy.
Poland and most Americans weren"t amused. @POTUS has the speaking skills of a 6th-grade bully - just threaten and spit adjectives.
Very nice to hear intelligent commentary from a respected Republican 
#MAGA
Well said Senator Dole. I would greatly hope that other leaders agree putting aside politics and lead 4 the good of our country
in 2009 BHO admin abandoned Poland and Czeck Republic with promised defense commitments.
Trump is a fraud
April fools? He did pretty much the opposite of everything you said. He is such an embarrassment to the USA.
Tell Sen. Dole you didn't know what you were doing!
Does Bob Dole have Alzheimer's?
Unbelievable. I had no idea he was even sick!
Sorry, you can't brainwash everyone. Well maybe what's left of your supporters. Numbers dwindling.
Your doing great Mr. Trump
exactly!  I think the world leaders and people see it better than democrats in America
We freedom fighters also need our own freedom from this contraption called Nigeria.....Nigeria is no more in existence
Trump black every real&good things! only rubbish he eat& take in whatever he do,that y we all so sick of him!
Agree 100% with Senator Dole (and many, many others) - it was a FABULOUS speech, hitting all the right notes in tone, words, message. 
Goodman
From the man who gave us Sarah Palin !  You are made for each other.  Take your daughter to work day at the G20 meeting. Pathetic !
Thank you Senator Dole! Great to hear support for our President.
@Angel1000percen @SenatorDole Damn! You're excited about a letter from Bob Dole. WOW.

Stop lying for him. He went there with the intentions of getting information from Russians. This is a crime plain and simple
THIS IS WHAT WE EXPECT TO HEAR FROM CONGRESS AND ACTION IS WHAT WE DEMAND TO SEE.

Clear evidence that @SenatorDole has lost his mind.
Wow like his word or opinion means anything
One for  the ages?? Eloquent??  Give me a break @realdonaldtrump
TY Senator Dole! I agree our nation is comforted and proud of @POTUS. DJT has returned the integrity a pro American White House represents!

Winning!
It's about time some of these so called Republicans started supporting our president.
