Iae Donald J. Trump
FAKE i am a boy
DonTheCon. GO FUCK YOURSELF. Sincerely, the majority of America and the rest of the world
Quit whining. The majority of people that voted, voted Trump. How are you gonna trust polls when they said Hilary would win the whole time?
The majority of people who voted did NOT vote Trump. HRC won the popular vote. 
I only mention HRC because you told an easily disproven lie.
I'm still waiting for someone to prover me wrong.
Write one thing that doesn't become about you... Just as a challenge...
Impossible
Do you think it was you're doing or perhaps it could've been something else like his own campaigning
If he loses will you also claim that it was your fault that he lost?
I feel bad because he might lose this election because you campaigned for him.
It looks like congress is about to get a plethora of evidence showing that you colluded with Russia
Are you still debating the fact that Russia meddled with their elections?
You still debating Obama wiretapped Trump tower? Evidence proves President Trump was correct. Suck on that!
Wanna know who's going to jail?
WRONG! Obama never wiretapped Drumpf tower!! A make believe story by a true narcissist.
Oh it's true. It's damn true. Even fake news CNN confirms it. Get out of your bubble.
Not everything is all about you. #narcissist
I am praying MOORE wind it, he will be much better, & will help get things done
#DrainTheSwamp luther is backed by the swamp
Roy better choice, Mr President. #MAGA
Wake up people! Two lunatics r about 2 start a nuke war endangering billions!!  Stop the madness!!
Dotard
Sorry POTUS Trump, you are betting on the wrong horse. You'll regret it, he won't help you if he wins. Don't let the people of Alabama down!
No he won't he is part of the Swamp! #VOTEROYMOORE
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I   its pretty much all I with you
Rallies instead of press conferences? Really? Face all questioning American citizens. When will this happen?
Sorry sir. Voted for you and support you. But have contributed to Moore as I contributed to you
Alabama get it together; defeat this asshole
i am voting for any one TRUMP stand with
Strange is a swamp creature. Don't understand why you indorse.

No
Sir. Voting for him BECAUSE you have endorsed. As an Alabama Deplorable voter; we are confused with Palin, Bannon, Huckabee not....
Yes because your humble
How
Cringe... the constant personal validation. Resign.
"Gone up a lot in the polls?" I bet you're proud that you spelled "a lot" correctly, but you sound like a pre-schooler.
U shouldn't waste political capital on a LOBBYIST like Luther Strange. He's @SenateMajLdr's man. I pray #Alabama will send #RoyMoore. #MAGA
Well your support will definitely rally the racist
I'd rather see him go up in smoke because he's as tainted As You Are
#dotard
I'm glad you think so Donald so does Mitch McConnell he is a complete Rino & perfect fit for the swamp!
Your doing an awesome job Mr President! God bless you
Bot
You do realize your approval rating is much less than 50%? Many would avoid you like the plague! #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Coincidence. Not that he's a good choice, but Moore is as stupid as you!
The #MAGA movement is built on LOVE. President Trump is protecting America & its people - he's doing a tremendous job. THANK YOU! 

Now they've indicated they will test an H bomb in the Pacific. Well done, Twitler. It's now a fight to see who has the biggest dick. #WWIII
#Bullshit is lying and ralling all you can do
Let's hope so.
Wait is this about him....or you? Oh, right. Everything is about you.
Dont know what polls you are reading
Alabama, Vote for True Conservative Patriot Judge Roy Moore! #JudgeMooreforSenate
Me,me,me me, .......because YOU endorsed him .For fuck's sake Donald get back in your pram.
In spite of that fact
Politicians endorsing political friends is how the swamp got full.
He "WILL" be great in DC? Do you plan on rigging his election, too?
Did your endorsement help him win?
Please do not betray your base. We feel Mitch McConnell is a disgrace. Do not go to Alabama. We want to Drain the Swamp


No, he will not. He is one of the 'Swamp Creatures'
Of course he has...
It's always about you. Ughhh
Cannot take your ego being any bigger even though you base your statement on false data
Verify his loyalty first
It really does not matter which one wins.  Just deciding which flavor of bat crap crazy you perfer.
Ppl don't vote for Strange he hasn't supported DT all the time & is Mitch's puppet part of swamp lobbyist. Vote Judge Moore will MAGA
JW says your DOJ lawyers are protecting Hillary any reason why ??
Dear Mr. Trump,
It happen to come to my attention that in Korea there are no civil guns allowed. Can you confirm this? #haeltrump
Your humility warms my heart.
Too bad you're not so "great in DC."
He'll be a great....wait what do you call a puppet's puppet? #Putinspuppet #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
Isn't he the one who lost to Judge Moore? Don't feel bad, the Judge is a patriot & he love the Lord. I think U will find him an allie.
You are full of it!
There are real monster out there taking your kids and we are talking about poles, illegal immigrants  but what about your children.
Love you but Strange is aSeamp monster. We want Moore!
This is the first time I disagree with you.
Go Moore
You saying there are a lot of white supremacist their or did you ask Russia to help him too?
Make inlegal and criminal  traspass the borders and give them jail time 2 years 5 years and 10 and I sure you no vary try to cross again
If congress can't get healthcare passed you should sign an executive order requiring them to take the same health insurance forced upon us!
Sir, with all due respect Mr. Roy More will be a better Senator IMHO.
Moore by a landslide.
Why do you support him?????
Hahahaha
DOTARD IN CHIEF!!!!

You have no idea what the word great means.  Every time you use it, you're describing something that is not great.
To be fair now... to be fair... he's pretty great at not knowing what great means
Great point.
Because , as always , it's all about you
Don't trust him. Part of the swamp. Don't get sucked in he won't have ur back
Your endorsement is like thrusting a rusty dagger in his back!
Love our @POTUS . From AL & can't in good conscience vote for Luther Strange.
Did you ever in your life expect to endorse someone named Luther - let alone have him be white - other than maybe Lex Luthor?
Strange and stranger,  perfect duo
you have to take credit for everything except legislation which you have gotten Zero passed
Lake most conservatives i'm breaking without you on Strange. Roy More all the way
Ever notice how 45's tweets in support of Strange don't actually reveal anything about what makes him a good candidate?
You need to get back to draining the swamp, stop making bad deals with Dems and keep promises you made to your base.
Please stop making everything about you and how great you THINK you are and start doing your job. You know, the one you were elected to do.
PLEASE stop supporting Strange, he's one of the swamp who's out to get you.  Roy Moore is pure MAGA!
You betrayed us
Narcissist ahole
You should do satnd up comedy. You are a riot
Wake up Trump!  He is part of the swamp you are trying to drain!
Dear delusional Donald. U don't impress me much. Stop flattering urself. Ur poll #s r in the toilet.
What is going on between you two? Why this exorbitant push? This isn't just normal support... This is weird.

Seriously, what's up?
Maybe Trump is trying to get some strange.
LOL Love that, haven't heard about getting "strange" in a long time. Maybe North Carolina? Anyway, thanks for the laugh.

You do not make America great again , the only reason why this country is better because people stood 4 the right things ur a dictator.
ANOTHER LIE FROM A KNOWN LIAR!
Ego in work.. seriously
Indeed Mr. President. Clearly he supports your agenda. A favor please? CCI an you get rid of all old BHO staff, including chief of staff?
You have teeny hands.
You endorsed the wrong guy. #DrainTheSwamp WE don't need / want to refill it. #MAGA  #Vote #RoyMoore
Why are you supporting Swamp McConnell?
We will bring him down Donald we actually want to drain the swamp
"I'm the big dog and you should all know it."
-The leader of the free world.
gross
If Strange is supported by Ditch Mitch...I VOTE 4 Judge Roy Moore, who refused to take down 10 Commandments monument...Lost job! Go Judge!
This from the bat shit crazy #LiarInChief #zerocredibility #donthecon it's unfortunate we can't believe a thing you say or tweet. SAD!
No he won't. Just another racist like Comrade Trump
Not
No he won't! Luther Strange is a progressive political hack!
Oh yea all becuz of you! Your ego is disgusting
Amazing how you continue to pat your own back and toot your own horn. Must be sad having so little support from Americans.
I disagree, you have been misinformed Sir. Like I said b4, he is a mistake waiting to happen, Do you really want a McConnell lackey?
Compared to you anything will work!
We wish you had just stayed out of this race. We support what you campaigned on, not making the swamp stronger.
If Big Luther wins, we're looking at Russian interference!! We don't care for him . He let crooked Bentley off & was appointed not elected 
So are you saying that your endorsement matters?  You keep telling yourself that.

Luther Strange supports #DACAAmnesty and selling US visas to wealthy foreigners..he is Mitch's tail
You would rather have the popular vote.out of your own mouth..#illegitimate ....Loser  #Russia
Great President of the Greatest Nation on Earth. Rise up to ur call and you will one of the Greatest
Dotard!
Donald you ask Strange if he against Obama care?
The Judge would actually be a much better ally to you! I think that your endorsing the wrong guy and many in your base feel the same!
Everything you touch turns to ****. Of course, by that I mean "gold".
Of course his rise is ALL because of YOUR endorsement.
You don't acknowledge polls though. Flip flop every other minute. Absolutely no integrity. None. #ImpeachTrump
No he will be another Trump lackey!
I disagree. Anyone Mitch supports is not good. Go Roy Moore
Congrats...  @ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
I trust you have a plan. Moore will win.

Alabama will pick their Senator; just like they picked their POTUS.  We got this.
Your ego is way ahead of your tiny mind and zero accomplishments. Guess that's why you talk about HRC and 44 constantly. Jealous and scared.
#DougJonesforSenate
He is the SWAMP! Moore will beat him. Same folks who voted for you will vote for him!
Stop tweeting.  Resign.
If he was losing without you maybe he is meant to lose. He shouldn't need your help if he's the right candidate.
b******t
Is he a congenital liar like you, Donnie?
Moore or Strange will be Great for America
Another Bigot feather in your flock.
#CrookedTrump
I'm sure your Russian friends will help you out.  Donnie
Sorry, I like Roy Moore. He has the guts and the spine to do the job. Just like you have President Trump.
Since I endorsed him?  So if he wins its down to your endorsement and not his own merits?  self promotion is not cool, Infact it's pathetic!
Good
Thats strange.
https://youtu.be/GWm_qkb9tKw 
Love you POTUS but we have loved Moore much longer
Great as a busboy at your hotel?
#dotard #DotardTrump
birds of a feather . . . impeach.
It's all about you! Every fucking day!

You are toast!
@realDonaldTrump didn't you think the same about AG Jeff Sessions who is a total disappointment as AG
LIE
Yeah, I'm sure the KKK came out in swarms after you gave the command.
Eh. You'll betray him when he's not useful to you anymore.
Deplorable Dotard Donald trump bigly sad. @realDonaldTrump #dotardinchief
That endorsement is enough to let me know what this guy is about !
Yeah, I'm sure your 35% approval rating is very helpful. You are a joke.

Strokin yourself a bit huh?  Feel better?
Instead of talking about all these BS why don't don't fight congress to eliminate the Jones act which restricts shipping to Puerto Rico
Yeah. So much winning… take a rest, you must be tired of it. @realDonaldTrump
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
You forgot to mention you Mr Trump has gone down in the polls and surely that must be fake news anyone you endorse will go down in the polls
