Just this week, you went from "#TrumpRussia is a hoax" to "Junior's interested in adoption" to "I have the full power to pardon" (Whew!!!!!)
"What is NEVER?" 

A US president NEVER needs a pardon if the allegations against him are fake news!
And the special counsel has power to indict, but we don't see them doing it.
Folks who speak of pardons are generally not innocent.
@POTUS Good morning PDT Trump, that's the point I made before, only after you won, did Obama ask the Russians to leave why?
We should ignore an attack even if that attack fails?
The next series of American Horror Story Confirmed The Administration of @realDonaldTrump
Russia is watching how our country is so divided now and how the Left is doing nothing for Gov and loving it. Left is making US WEAK! 'SAD'!
zero evidence?? What about his emails?? (I mean Don Jr's)
Man... do you just sit by the keyboard waiting for him to tweet or something? Haha
It would be wise to support Mueller to find the truth so you can concentrate on work not Twitter. But you may not know what that is.
Seems not fool
And the intent to collude is proven by Jr.
"We are going to get the @POTUS message out into the homeland where is belongs" #DraintheSewer https://twitter.com/ShennaFoxMusic/status/889427827560468480/video/1 …
He is excellent and will be a big  Asset to the president.
It's bullshit OK we get it now let's move on remember zero point energy all that times up mr president 
Yes it's the fault of the democratic party of ignorance and fools on a witch hunt to keep their greed and corruption intact
Sessions, Kushner, Trump Jr, Flynn and you all lied about constant contacts with Russia. Kushner went to buy dirt on HRC. Zero my arse
Thou doth protest too much Donnie!
Fact check - You are being investigated by the FBI for Obstruction of justice. Special prosecutors aren't appointed for "nothing"
The only thing that unifies the left is their hatred of you. That is why they will always lose now. They have shown theit true ugliness.
Maybe your base is dumb enough to believe that.
Donny, don't u need to get to work?
funny how u call the news "fake", yet u watch it at least 5 hours a day.
BTW SNL has great new material
Ludacris statement of "no evidence" The evidence is mounting daily against you and yours. Stand by or #resign. Jail or freedom? Your choice.
trying so hard to cast doubt on investigation. @POTUS this is a ploy to deflect from his Guilt! @foxandfriends are enablers
That doesn't absolve you & your crime gang of collusion, Putin-lover.
Your a joke. Nobody takes you seriously.
You missed the point. With no message, Dems let 2016 get close enough for Russia & you to steal the election.
By you you mean the American people who had enough of the dimms lies or the bernie brats that were betrayed right
Demo rats new way of filibustering....no laws r passed, no work gets done.
There is tons of evidence, as you will soon find out. Schumer is just saying that Russia may not have changed the result. You are a traitor.
More like with zero evidence being made public.....why don't you just declassify everything russia and let the people decide?
Don't you dare think that that statement means you did not collude with Russia.

You are a crook and a liar !
You have no idea what the special investigation has uncovered. It's Mueller time!
A very convenient snippet. You really are the least self-aware person, aren't you?
@POTUS44= cause of downfall. Newsflash to Dems&America.  He hates USA and did all he could to prove USA not better/unique
@POTUS45=Patriot
Schumer saw the polls saying people were furious about the Russian conspiracy lie. He didn't develop a conscience all of a sudden.
for the election...NOT RUSSIA!
This nation has placed its own profit ahead of its cherished principles and continues to dissipate as time progresses..
The Stock Market since the election has been doing incredible - economy numbers are tremendous, but the Fake News Media won't cover it!
That's Obama's Bull Market...thanks, Obama!
Come back Obama!!
Tweet all you want. It'll never change this.....
It only proves this.....
It also proves this.....
The world is waiting for this.....
Everything is crashing down & all you can do is this......
When you're not doing this.....
Because thats how you MAGA! 

By always doing this.....
All those promises!

Being kept like this......
Would you be the first President to perhaps sign a bill to help families with Autistic members.The numbers have grown so much if nothing is done now when.they reach adulthood it will be too late and it already t bamkrupts families.3 million it costs a life start to finish autism
That would be a huge gift to help these parents out.
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame our...
Unless the release of the dossier or the @TGowdySC 4 page TS documents would cause “exceptionally grave damage” to our National Security? And it won’t.... because it’s not TS, it’s just classified TS for political reasons only...then declassify. #ReleaseTheMemo #Releasethedossier
Amen to that.
Can we put this statement from chuck on the front page of every newspaper.  They r accep
The many investigations into your crimes are just getting started!
I searched that quote expecting to debunk it but even godless snopes had it as 'undetermined'. Holy shit these ppl are believable!
**unbelievable lol.
I've come to believe you are willing to look like a complete idiot and try to move away from Russia because what they have on you is even WORSE than being the shittiest president in History.....
There was Russia collusion - Hillary Clinton hired Fusion GPS to get Christopher Steele to get Fake Russian Disinformation.. that the FBI knowing it was false used to weaponize and spy on Trump ..the FISA Memo proves Special Society knowingly fabricated Trump-Russia to stop Trump
He is trying to wash the crap of his Party off him. Probably in his political interests to do so.

Pretty high-priced lesson there, @chuckschumer
Everything you say is just plain nuts!  We will send you out of the WH you should be gone already for lying every day to America you are a disgrace to all that is decent !
Didn't think he had in him.
Democrats in the House should blame themselves for all the evil in the world today. They R Anti-Christian, Anti-God, Anti-Freedom Nazis.
I think Trump is that a good job best one in years
The GOP obstructed the Obama for 8 years. They can't even get out of their own way. Bunch of idiots. #StupidIsAsStupidDoes #Gump
Just saying, how long did you spend trying to disprove Obama's birth certificate? You're making yourself obvious. We're listening and LOL
I’d wait on the obama comment the trash is floating to the surface right now Barry sotoro is getting burned and trumps wiretap claim was true so becstill little democrat truth is coming out it don’t look good for Obama or Valerie Jarret
That is so true
Love it!
Scary.
Hes got that right!
This is great!
Drop that line Donnie boy. It's getting old and the deflection isn't working at all. Admit it, you suck as POTUS, and you're going down.
Please   I need help with the IRS
So when it's you - "just drop it" after investigations. When it's Hillary "come on 2nd amendment people" after investigations. Crooked Trump
Should we blame ourselves for North Korea should we blame ourselves for our diplomats being attacked in cuba? We have rivals Mr Trump .
Shumer admits lying then?  Isn't there laws protecting the innocent from false accusations? Will they all just get away with it?
Schumer is a schmuck
They sld blame themselves 2b part of a system that allows a traitor hold highest office in the land,to have such many fools supporting you
Watch Alex j interview Roger St info on McMastet bad Soros connection. He is enemy#MAGA
Really? You are exposed and soon you will be back at Swamp Tower headquarters of collusion and corporate corruption
#FlashbackFriday
Zero evidence ?
That doesn't sound like Schumer
Zero evidence yet we have mueller who by law is not allowed to take case bec of friendship w Comey !
Tired of media telling me that  polls have 35% of the Am people  support u. I don't know 1person that voted for u that changed their mind.
Washington post just wrote there is evidence you conspired w Russia
GOP grabby old pig
He's still a 
@SandersS1973, @RealJamesWoods , @SargentDaikon  - Awe, your peeps are overdrawn. The irony of it. DNC can't even balance their own budget!
Good one!
Probably making copies & sending to outside interests.Advisable to screen all coming in & out, Mr. President. No telling what they R taking
Didn't Don trump jr provide proof? Also, the democrats having blame doesn't mean that russia should be blameless.
I am so very proud of my hard working, patriotic President Trump!MAGA!
The evidence is never ending. Even your own son provided it! But you're too much of a coward to address it here or in front of a camera.
if it is so phony, why are you itching to fire Mueller.  Why did you fire Comey?
Go get them Don.
President Trump ,Chuck Shummer and Rhino's are willing to destroy America and the people who hired the bastards.So drain it that Sucker dry.
.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions @GOP: and Chuck Schumer should be prosecuted for complicity with Russia treason by the dear Clintons.
Wtf?
Duuuhh
. God bless OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP
Blame ourselves for your election, Donnie. Keep up. 
TV is getting to you... or is it the dementia? 
Let's see...

Swamp? 
Chuck? 

Could a Hillary tweet be next? 
Either Hillary or voter fraud. My $$$ is on Hillary
Or maybe Obama. He has not tweeted about Obama forever (like, at least a week).
At the rate he's going I'll be drunk by 8 am 
Lol! Need to add "allied" before "country". He only complains about we poor old allies.
Donald Jr's email is clear evidence of collusion.
Junior's emails confirmed his intent to collude. There is no other possible conclusion.
Only if its conceivable that Jr freelanced, or wasn't acting to gain Daddy's approval. Manafort & Kushner received the email and were there.
Dan, your orange God is going to fall from grace. It will all be because he can't control his own greed.
I’m for removing Trump from power ASAP if not sooner. He’s an orange haired narcissistic, moron of a madman.
AND THE DEMOCRATS OUGHT TO PAY THE COURT COST/ ATTORNEY FEES FOR THIS RUSSIA WITCHHUNT FARCE. STOP SCREWING TAXPAYERS!
 silly girl
Stop defending your Presidency @realDonaldTrump ! Drain the sewer and kick the commies to the curb or jail them ?
So you agree. Donald should resign, confess, go to jail, and take his swamp creatures with him!
Rose, you completed middle school. How nice for you.
This isn't about Mrs. Clinton. Donald colluded with Russia, obstructed justice, and led. He made very bad choices. Soon he'll pay.
Rose, are you expecting me to become upset? You have not provided a single fact to support Donald. It's okay to admit he is a loser.
Chucky @SenSchumer u did accomplish 1 of UR goals which was 2b absent 4 voting on The President of the  addenda &buying time 4dems @POTUS
If it was a dem you'd want all computers and bank records searched....
Zero evidence? Trump admin and family met with PUTINS builder thinking they were going to get Russian govt help to win.
Trump camp met with Russian they believed to be working closely with Russian govt and all we have is the liars words that nothing happened.
We the people said that on election day democratic rule doesn't work
STOP WORRYING ABOUT SCHUMMER, WORRY ABOUT "LIL KIM"!!!
Chuck is a nazi
???? Sounds like the dems have been trying to set you up (Duh)
Divide and conquer won't work. Unite to conquer the task at hand for our country.  Stop focusing on Obama and get your shit in order.
You will never get support of Democrats until you change you attitude towards them. You should be trying to unite not divide.
http://radaronline.com/celebrity-news/seth-rich-secret-meeting-natalia-veselnitskaya-dnc-emails/ …
stop autism epidemic
  . 

Imagine how terrible you'll feel when Donald is carted away in handcuffs.
Rose, at least try to sound like you have an ability to debate with facts.
Rose, beware of snowflakes. When you get enough together, you have a blizzard, and your middle school comebacks are on ice.
@realDonaldTrump @MikePenceVP I pray for both of you & continually do so,that God will give you the wisdom to guide you.@POTUS
And that's "proof" in your poisonous silly world.
There is evidence. And we should blame ourselves. It's Americas fault we allowed you to bully & lie to our citizens.
Lock Them Up!
God I miss @BarackObama
we all blame ourselves for the #shitshow that is your presidency. #howareyourratings #veryverylow #lolnoonelikesyou
Frshut up
They are starting to come around, are they?


Lord help our president please, he forgot that he's president of the United States. @Hauwertsr @MarcanBrady . @CNN @CBS @ABC @FoxNews
Really? The absolutely hardest working president in US History; working for ALL people in the US?
Other than the evidence of your team lying you mean
They should read his lips & stop using d investigation as an instrument of distraction. So that America can be great again.
Let the investigation run as long as the Benghazi investigation did. If they don't find any collusion, they will drop it.
So, after 1 yr - WHAT are YOU (& Admin) hiding/COVERING UP w selective memories & REFUSAL to be TRANSPARENT? This what's being investigated!
POTUS we need offense. Sessions out, Mueller out. Trust your instincts. You need YOUR people near you.
Why is every one leaving you
Not exactly
Where are your taxes
Just because they do not have enough evidence YET does not mean you did not collude. It WILL come to light. The truthALWAYS comes out.
m smart, funny, kind, handsome, successful - Ja umnyi, smeshnoi, dobryj, simpatichnyj, uspeshnyj (ja oo'mnyi, smeshno'i, do'bryi, simpatee'
You are great at taking items out of context! Our perhaps you can't read with understanding?
It ain't over until Fat Man Trump is kicked out of the oval office door!!  Lock him up  Lock him up  Lock him up  Lock him up  Lock him up

Time Session investigate them. so many need to be held accountable. Session needs to show the justice dept works for the people
I have never been so SICK of all your lying ppl in my life. This is not what he said. CHANGE THE F. CKING CHANNEL
Mister President please keep pushing for an investigation into Hillary Clinton.
Trump legitimately treats women as play things and this is what you focus on?
oh you wish there wasn't evidence.  
Quote the whole interview, not just the words that you want to make you look better.  Won't work..
It hasn't been a year yet. So how does his comment change your collusion with Putin? Please explain.
NO evidence is going to be released until the investigation is completed. That's common sense. I know you're sweating it. Guilty much?
You're taking out of context and insinuating something them wasn't what Schumer met as usual.. of course you are not a Harvard Law graduate
You will finish the second term when the Dems continue to investigate something not exist...
Time to reverse the sanctions from on Russia,uphold law,give back Russian embassies and mend American-Russian relations!!
@larouchepac  @SchillerInst @PutinRF_Eng @RT_com @BRICSResearch @ArchitectsJrnal @OBORCHINA Time to mend for progress w/Russia&BRICS
Arrest him
I wish they would blame themselves
They failed us miserably! Right out of a horror movie! 
More B.S. from our B.S. president!
SATAN is running & Chaos every where GODS will B Done Your the most incorruptible PRESIDENT & Man I'vein 32 yrs HRC TheKenyan,911BUSH PAY
Finally! Let's see if the media and Dems get on it!
Schumer just another idiot elected official. Vote his ass OUT!
It is futile to fight every fake news story.  You would be better served concentrating on your agenda and promises made to American people!
LOL! Good to know that expensive education you had didn't help you learn to count or use logic! #LOLTrump
