Apparently it doesn’t take guts, it takes lies, cheating, disrespecting women, giving classified material to Russians, not paying taxes, abusing every aspect of legal and tax code, insecurity, and just being plain nuts. Know anybody like that traitor?
Couldn’t have said it better myself
road. In hiem
yep he was embarrassed that you are the best the republicans could come up with in the election.....a liar and a conman.

Go back to your #adultdaycarecenter Dotard.
You're whining he lacks guts similar to how you can't stand up to your nazi base in Charlottesville? #trumpFailsDaily #WorstPresidentEver
'The White House has become an adult day care center' Now THAT'S a CORKER! POS POTUS has become the laughing stock of the planet.  SAD
Do you prefer solid orange, or stripes when you're incarcerated?
Sounds like he's a real Corker
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
You are not news, Dotard-in-Chief. You are noise. Either GROW UP and actually SERVE this country or step down. Stop trashing it.
Don't you mean your own agenda. Why do you demean people does it make you feel like a big man? Wannabe bully. Go get therapy!

Your friggin agenda has only one item on it. Take USA back to the 50's. We hate you for that.

great agenda

I think you need a babysitter and he’s right about you.  @SenBobCorker
There's still time to resign, Mr. Potato

Mueller will make America great again
You haven't passed any of your awesome agenda.
His awesome agenda would need some action other than tweeting.
Great. Now, get rid of J. Sessions before he gets rid of you. Worthless DOJ, DOJ assistant and FBI director.  ALL BAD. Get Rudy back!!!
You are truly a cyber bully. You are just plain mean.
You are such a child.
Shut up
It's called being a politician. Stop with the personal attacks why don't you? You are the one that decided to run for president
He's not standing out way of anything great. All you have done as president is try and divide us as a nation.
This is exactly what the Putin wants as well as all our other enemies. He wants us divided. It's the oldest trick in the book. Divide and conquer.
Anyone who supports Trump, supports division of this country. It's obvious that Trump is trying to divide us.
Today we all stand with Frank Sinatra.
Clever. You criticize him and then diminish his credibility through your assertion of negatively and fake news.
But the rest of us know this is ONLY about you being criticized and the fact that you can’t handle it. Immaturity and adult day care.
I think all his good ol boys club should go with him! MAGA
Just like you don’t have the guts to stand up to the NRA!
Oh dear god you are the president of the United States you braindead,embarrassing, moronic,pos! Please for a day act like it
What great agenda??? 
Destroy the country??
Or the entire democratic system?
Well we all know what happens to people who aren't "loyal" to Dictator Donald. He can't be apart of the ruin america racist club anymore.
I misread that as "guns" initially, wouldn't be surprised.
Can you imagine a nation whose people would loathe and swear at their own president on a daily basis? Putin? Ah, no. Trump. Reality.
tRUMPlethinskin should focus on helping Americans instead of dividing the USA with his lunacy
Bye Corker Tennessee don’t trust you @SenBobCorker
Corrupt he had a multi million deal going on on TN
Please stop!Your schoolyard bully tactics are a horrific embarrassment & are going toget people killed! You don't give a damn but we do!



Not with a 32% approval rating lol
Your agenda is to bring US to a nuclear war, bankruptcy a once great country and tweet Fake News. Got it. This is what all great leaders do!
"Great"? I think you misspelled "racist". Or "plutocratic". Or "Christofascist". Or just "fascist"? Or "sexist". Or "authoritarian"? Or....
Take a good look, America. This is your President. Are you ready to do something about it? #VoteDemocrat2018
Didn't want to have to work with you and your Nazi, fake MAGA, ilk.
LOL! You know shit is about to hit the fan & you need to put out fake news to prepare your ever shrinking base
He's not going to go down with your ship as an enabler
President Trump's To Do List:
Drain the swamp 



Derailed
YOI GONNA CRY FOR ME? GO ON AND CRY, CRYBABY!
Or the guts to legislate 
okay but people in Puerto Rico are still suffering
Why are you tweeting about this when another devastating hurricane has hit? Biloxi is under water. PR, Texas & Key West still suffering.
No, we are not under water. A few casinos got some flooding, completely normal for us. Biloxi will be just fine, and plus, we  our @POTUS
To casinos flooding or not. You should want a POTUS who is focused on what matters instead of whatever the hell he’s rambling about today
I do want Potus that's out to #MAGA. That's why Obama and Hillary aren't in the whitehouse anymore 
Um, Obama isn’t in the White House anymore because of 22nd Amendment. @seaux_breeze @tamikj @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Thank god for the constitution. And for the republicans that actually want to keep it 
Thank you for acknowledging that Constitution can be changed via amendments @seaux_breeze @tamikj @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
https://twitter.com/trumpsterMG/status/914514286852104192 …

This is Steven Paddock!! Reno hate rally earlier 
In pink Worked for NASA ,wearing NASA shirt 
Mike Obama.             Milania Trump

"On the day I was born, nurse said leave this one alone,  Hes bad to the bone " 

 

https://twitter.com/trumpsterMG/status/917031376108613633 … .
 
Can't be dangerously polite! Famous quote "its the economy stupid"  truer statement is 
        "ITS ISLAM STUPID"
3 out right lies. Corker really knows government and foreign policy. He thinks you are a clown as do we all.
TRUMP LOVES NAZIS!

White Supremacists Return to Charlottesville Chanting, ‘Russia is Our Friend’
Had the guts to run from your dictatorship
FAKE ILLEGITIMATE POTUS DJT SR U R A DEPLORABLE, LIAR I'M POSITIVE U ASKING CORKER 4 SOMETHING AMERICA IS ON 2 U R LYING..
 wasn't given his& Binky
Your "great" agenda. Donald, you fool, should go to clown school.
Corker's telling the emperor he has no clothes!
Your arrogance is absolutely astonishing. You bragged about how well the economy was doing but you stripped Obama era regs thinking this
Would bring in jobs. Really? Is that why 30,000 jobs were lost. But you'll blame the hurricanes that JUST HAPPENED as to why we lost jobs.
You need to be impeached before you start wars, destroy our economy, and lose allies. You're the laughing stock of the world! #ImpeachTrump!
great agenda?  Destroying America yea, right!
America can’t take much more of your divisive rhetoric. Shut up and get out! If you’re insistent in waiting for a conclusion, guilty! Leave!
...technically @realDonaldTrump and @VP would have to resign and let another POTUS would bring the great agenda.

The Senator is only a few voices not afraid to disagree with you. I congratulate him. You are not a despot and America is not your kingdom
#thisisacorker posting quotes about #MoronDon, his mental health & the babysitters #trumplies #moron 
#adultdaycare #MoronDon #trumpquotes
Big fan but I  learned if you cant say something nice often its best to say nothing
"Lie after lie after lie".  This is some of your best #FakeNews (lies) & #AlternativeFacts (also lies) you've told so far Don! 
#LiarInChief
He stands against your instability and bad agenda. He is speaking the truth. You can’t handle the truth.
Dolt. Gaslighter. Liar. National embarrassment. #donaldtrumpisamoron
Hope he has the guts to vote no to your ridiculous agenda. That would be the mark of greatness!
Resign now.
I notice DT is not going after Weinstein like his talking heads. Guess he does not want to discuss both grabbing pussies.
I would assume they are friends.
You are going more and more insane!

You really DONT mind airing your extremely dirty laundry in public do you? You do know you look like a prize prat to the world dont you?
Maybe he's running for something else
The thing about rats jumping overboard is that they know something that the 'captain' doesn't. Tillerson was right but understated it.
LOL From what he said, you begged him to run again and he is more believable. He is entitled  to his own opinion,  But as soon as someone disagrees with you, you attack. That approach is getting rather old.
they all jealous of you MR. PRESIDENT . he knew he doesn't have a chance , put his tail between his legs n withdraw .
your  only agenda is self praise, as you have already forgotten you work for us, not us for you
FAKE NEWS!!
360,000 likes on his response. How many did you get again?
The White House is an adult day care center, and the the only client is our Clown President. It is obvious that you are breaking mentally!
HE DIDNT TAKE YOUR SHIT..HE SPEAKS HIS MIND. HE HURT YOUR PATHETIC WAY OVER INFLATED EGO....JUST LIKE THE OTHERS WHO LEFT BEFORE HIM....
I believe we the people have been getting corn holed by #Gov for Y-E-A-R-S Taxation without any thing, and getting Rich to boot they are.
Great agenda for the 1%.
Do you wear disposable diapers, or cloth ones? Given your choice as head of the EPA, I'm guessing the former.
Adult daycare center 
You're the one with no guts, just other people's money.
He may not have guts to run but with your gut you should really run more. #cardio #hitthegym #sparetire #uglypieceofhumangarbage
@SenBobCorker Corker is a traitorous coward! Thankful that he is smart enough 2know he would never make it past primary!
Can! Donald! Trump! Ever! Send! A! Tweet! Without! Using! An! Exclamation! Mark?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The! Man! Is! Clearly! An! Idiot!
You can’t touch Corker. He’s got ethics something you know nothing about.
Really wish you would go away!! But seems we are stuck with you!!
You’re standing in the way of the agenda of the American People who actually voted for Hillary by more than 3M votes
Hence?  Your fans might get confused if you aren't careful.
He just joined the growing number of legislatorsw and world leaders who see that your failure will just start a war where millions die.
Bob Corker says the White House has become an adult day care center. Someone obviously missed their shift this morning.
A total of eight false statements in this thread.
#fucktrump
Just like you imaginary health plan, where coverage would be great, and premiums much lower! You are ripping of the tax payers!

2/ WHAT WILL BE FUN THOUGH IS YOU WILL BE IMPEACHED AND THEN MUELLER WILL PASS INDICTMENTS AND YOU WILL NOT BE PARDONED! JAIL IS COMING!
America greatest tradigy. The 911system kills 150,000 Americans a year and your Mayor and Governor Don't even Care. https://youtu.be/x6toqtazi0k 

http://Churchill328.le-vel.com  come thrive with me
YOU'RE AN IDIOT DONALD TRUMP. BRING BACK OBAMA, WE WANT OBAMA, YOU WILL NEVER BE OBAMA, YOU CAN NEVER BE OBAMA ENOUGH, GO STRAIGHT TO JAIL!
His influence ran out of product.His respect from voters_tanked:establishment is burnt bacon bits.
Will you EVER grow up!!!  For God's sake, stop acting and reacting like a child.  No wonder everyone calls the WH the Adult Day Care.
Idiot....
Like you didn't have the guts to do your duty in Viet Nam? As matter of fact, have you looked at your gut lately? That long tie not covering
Lol. They are starting to turn.... 34%
He did have the guts to call you out on your childlike and unpresidential chaotic behavior. Wish there were more GOP senators like Corker.
You are toxic for America, taint everything you touch, and a laughingstock around the world. Was fine before u became Putz-In-Chief
He has the guts to call you (paraphrasing) a dangerous, unqualified, immature, threat to the U.S. and the world. Impeach Trump Now!!!!
u r the most negative voice, ur agenda sucks, u have hugely fat belly but no guts. as usual, what u say about others is about urself
What agenda? You can't even run the Moron Club. #PresidentMoron
If so he finally has opened his eyes and has seen the real you.
Depends on what your definition of great is! Your agenda is going to get our country annihilated on so many levels... remote killing
He's only one among millions who are against you and your insane directions for our country!  RESIGN!
Actually, it’s your negative voice & actions that stand in your own way of any progress.  You just don’t get that.
You are theone with NOGUTS.Your a narcissistic bully who got your position with the help of Putin andfriends.GUTS WOULD REQUIRE YOUR DEFEAT
You even have the wife and x wife fighting.. you may need a break
Corker is smart and honest..
Tennesseans support President Trump!Those politicians not working for the good of the American People can go!Bye Bye!
Maybe he isn't running so he can join the long list of people who will be running against you #Corker2020
you're lying about him 'begging you' to endorse him. We know bc you lie about EVERYTHING #unfit4office
OMG you are so fired
Great agenda my ass.
I think they are afraid of u Mr.president
hi
You're just pathetic.
Wow, Mr. President. Your high IQ (irrelevance quotient) is showing.
He is a moron that’s going to cause a war
Corker lets the cat out of the bag... Not just all of US, not just Dems, not just world, but GOP all laughing at you. ADULT DAY ARE INDEED!

JOKER#moron#FAKE45
Is you agenda the elimination of minorities and poor people that don't directing service you from the U.S.?
#TrumpIsAMoron
Damn you're one #whinylittlebitch.  No wonder daddy didn't love you.  Well at least you'll always have this picture to remember him.
Some agenda Mr Pres. (Kneeling NFL players? WTF?)
Your idiotic agenda will die from inertia, regardless of Sen Corker.
Go throw paper towels
So who do you think we believe? Believe me, it’s not you.
Hence? Wow!
BULLY @POTUS

At least he has the guts to stand up to an erratic, impulsive, petty actor whose sole purpose is chasing ratings & watching tv all day.
You have made decent ppl hate http://politics.You  lied and cheated your way into the highest office and you  all over the p!ace
