وين اعلانك لادراج الحرس الثوري الايراني في قائمة الارهاب؟ ما عندك سالفه كلكم مثل بعض اجرام
if 2% is soaring...we're in trouble. but we already knew that.
what about the sky high number of people killed and wounded in Vegas? those numbers are incredible too. believe me!
Calls NBC fake news, uses CNBC graphic.
thank you President Obama
GO @realDonaldTrump you are absolutely incredible!!!
Oh yes, go! Go away. Go somewhere you can't even pronounce, or an island in a big sea. Just go AWAY.
Cool
Thanks to you, Mr. President.
Don't forget #Trump 
Please repeat, repeat & repeat
 #PersianGulf 

#NeverTrustUSA
#MAGA
WRONG! #DotardDonnie
Companies are hiring again in my area.  Restaurant business is up as well
You're a sick man, you need help
Good for your 1% oligarch friends
Many in the US haven't even a job full enough to actually be "consumers". Some have no access even to clean water, but you don't care...
You and your rich friends make the war industy rich. While taking away basic things like health...
Fox news is fake news. Like your Twitter account. Almost 2000 lies in 9 months. Tweet more, you can do 10,000 lies in 4 years.
Well this will be a real shit show when the mess  you are making of things starts taking its toll. And believe me, it will.
Can we touch on the 33K jobs lost in September?
Im sorry. Did you not see multiple hurricanes demolish huge cities?  Or were you following all the #RussiaGate hysteria?
You are not likeable enough to feel sorry for so instead we will just pity you.
Your kidding right? You know your despised and have threatened our Democracy. #ResignMoron
Even if the economy is doing better, it is not worth the social setbacks you have caused to our country.
Wait until war breaks out of 45's causing... those numbers will be quite different.
Leave office or face impeachment. The choice is yours. #WeTheResistance #resist #remove
All hail Caesar!
CALLS NBC FAKE NEWS THEN SHARES CHART FROM NBC....
Finally we have a president to be proud of. Thank You President Trump
Don't listen to it though, as it's #FakeNews!
This doesn’t have anything to do with you. You can’t just take credit for anything that’s good.
You will never have the respect of the majority of Americans. You are a shady con man.
Thanks Obama! #missobama


You're hurting his feelings....


Thank you Mr President 
For what?
Fake News
Ayyyy lmao
President Trump alone has lifted the American Economy to ALL TIME HIGHS! Imagine what's possible if congress gets on the #TrumpTrain
Want to lose big? Bet against President Trump -- That’s how George Soros lost more than $1 Billion
We Will NEVER relinquish control to the Deep State Never-Trumpers ! #ImpeachTheMSM
GREAT News!
RT and Sputnik might be bad, but they’re 100X more reliable than #FakeNews NBC/CNN
@JacobAWohl has stretch marks around his mouth.
Went down to 32%!
Ha!  It's from @NBCNews!  It has to be fake news! Just like our #FakePresident!  My guess is it's the talk of #25thAmendment & #ImpeachTrump
Still can’t accept the loss of the election
True, but #failingpotus #manchild #dotard hasn't accepted any of his non-stop losses since his Daddy died and he took over Trump inc.
Get a better candidate next time
That won't be a problem next time, or the time after that, or the time after that...Ur boy has paved way for Decades of Democratic Dynasty!
I don’t have a crystal ball, so we will just have to wait and see.
You do know that @CNBC is owned by Fake News @NBC right? Ha!!!!!
Please!  He doesn’t even know he’s the President of the USVI or that Puerto Rico is part of the US.
Of course he does.
No he obviously doesn’t
Why do you say that?
Because he’s an idiot who disregards the people of Porto Rico because they sent “fully” American
He’s an idiot?  My friend, you’re watching too much liberal TV and reading the WaPo too much. The media works overtime to poison minds.
U disagree he’s an idiot? Jesus Christ. Also I’m sure u still believe the myth that the Dprk is out to get u? THAT is media manipulation
I find it rather ODD that you have an info-graphoic from a source you repeatedly call #FakeNews.

Obama's final fiscal year ended 9/30/2017. State of economy, jobs, GDP, all his. You don't get credit for that.
Consumer Confidence is not a lagging indicator. Consumer Confidence is based on the present feelings of those who are polled.
Sure
Facts are 'sure'.
Wouldn't call that factual. A lot of consumer confidence (or lack thereof) is a matter of perception. Not necessarily logical.
Consumer Confidence is based on the CURRENT perception that people have toward the economy. It is not a lagging indicator.
It's not dependable either.
Then why do you even comment on it? Many economists recognize Consumer Confidence as a measure of economic conditions.
“Trump confidence lower than Gas Station Sushi “ 
BS
Yes, I thought that too at first. 24%?? How can Trump’s numbers be that high??

Weird that my children could die because one of our elected representatives was paid millions to kill their health coverage for profit.
Trump is so jealous of the respect and admiration people have for Obama that he has to destroy everything he did even if he hurts people Sad
Obama was in violation of a federal judge's order. If Trump continued the subsidies, he too would be in violation of that order.
Again pointless arguing with someone who won't hear it. You keep telling  yourself Trump isn't jealous or inept, I know that he is both.
Dems and libs are lawless. They despise the Constitution. Pure Alinskeites.
The courts gave permission for subsidy payments to be made while case goes thru appeals, but don't let facts get in the way of your hate.
Where do you get that? Are you spreading disinformation in order to cover for lawless, inept Obama?
Reported here that appeals court overturned the lower court's ruling. Looks like Trump is actually breaking the law.
Amazing you're talking about this when Volunteer Veterans Nurses Doctors & other private citizens are doing your job in PuertoRico #maria
What are you talking about. Are you delusional? It's not Trump's job to go to work in PR. Volunteers do this anywhere people need help.
Not one person said he had to be there personally. Hiding behind this Troll account shows how week your Trump support really is; bye troll.
He's doing what he and the US Government are obligated to do.
Not according to this source at Goldman Sucks...
Nice job! Thank you!!!!
What a joke!
Thank you, President Obama's economy!
He has nothing to do with it. He’s old news now.
Then why y'all keep talking about him & Clintons? LOL
Cause we love knocking them.
So do you have any original arguments or do you only know how to regurgitate right wing memes?
I definitely hate memes, it's annoying. When I come across 2 posts from the same person that are only memes I hit block. Have to guess that…
God Bless President Trump ! The best we ever had !
I agree. Follow back

I'm confident too. Confident you're unfit to be president.
My, oh my. So bitter still about the loss of your candidate.

love the homemade facts. Like your approval ratings. No basis in actual fact though.
It’s so hard to accept defeat, isn’t it?
New Poll : Majority of Americans Would Support Trump being launched into N.Korea
Never saw that poll. More fake news
#ThanksObama!
The Obama economy was built for long term success.
44.5* doesn't know how to succeed without really cheating.
How about Obamas highest deficit than all other Presidents combined and highest number of people on welfare in history. Real stats!
Obama was the food stamp president. The libs want people to be dependent on handouts
Isn't this fake news? Oh, right only fake when reporting on your disasterrous actions,.
Love it! It simply show just how much you're WINNING! Keep up the great work, sir!!
Thanks to Obama. Certainly nothing to do with you.
Lying once again. Trump makes it up as he goes. Hey America, wise the fuck up.

Fake news
#lies #lies #lies #impeachNOW #heisNOTfit
Lying, Fake POTUS!!
Thanks to PRESIDENT OBAMA
Thanks Obama.
Only cause your taking tax policy back to the 1930s!
So nbc is fake news but CNBC is okay? So full of shit
Not your numbers! TYVM PRESIDENT OBAMA! #IMPEACH45NOW
Hey trump, here's your numbers:
Favorable 39.8%
Unfavorable 53.4% 
Undecided 6.3%
ignore the uneducated masses below- you're doing a great job trump - keep fighting for the ungrateful masses.
Tony Schwartz is right about you!
Riding the wave of Obama's policies.
Fake news
You are delusional


Sorry, this doesn't happen over night.  Good thing for you most people don't know basic economic principles.


Thanks Obama.
Awesome - 3 years to the meltdown....
Mueller.
All b/c President Obama, (the last real President) turned the country around after Bush left is a total shambles. 2018 is 1 year away, bye.
thanks #Obama

http://surpay.site/?r=247276 
Thank you President Obama!!! #TrumpIsAMoron #nocredibility
https://www.facebook.com/Mediamatters/videos/10155004878831167/ …

Not you not you not you not you not you not you not you not you not you not you not you not you not you not you not you not you not you not!
bullshit. People are stockpiling, readying for the next disaster.
Where did you find these "fake facts"?  Must be those nightmares you have.
Keep plugging away captain,got our back.

#metoo
Your claim is baseless because it is based on your lies
So what?  You have nothing to do with that. No budget. No tax cuts. No infrastructure. No jobs. No nothing. Thanks President Obama!!!
@usmayors
So people are more confident in their toaster than their President. Umm ok I guess you can call that a win?

Liar-in-Chief
Ivanka, please resign. We are not in a monarchy or a dictatorship. Your assignment is pure nepotism. Have some self respect.
More lies from stupid Crooked Donald.
https://www.facebook.com/msnbc/videos/1699405853488993/ … child please
Consumer confidence and jobs we can thank President Obama for that. Now that’s how a real President acts. He is the real deal.
Guess filing that bill of impeachment against you is lifting everyone's spirits.
.#BREAKING @realDonaldTrump was subpoenaed for his sexual misconduct allegations #ImpeachTrump http://nbcnews.com/politics/polit … via @nbcnews
Do you just dream this crap up. All you care about is looking good (which you don’t) and looking for adoration(which is not there)#stoptrump

These women spoke out against @realDonaldTrump for the sexual assault and rape he committed on them. Their voices matter.
#MeToo 

Thank you President Obama. Trump will destroy this.
Thanks, Obama!   We all know that POTUS is a 
Thanks, President Obama.
Are you joking?
Job growth has stopped for the first time in seven years.
Once again, thank-you President Obama!
I thought this was Fake News site? Confused.
Consumer confidence up, Americans safety down, American health care down, earth health down, hate for Trump high!
You believe that?? SAD.
Wtf?
Your approval-rating is at an all-time LOW, only 18% of Americans voted for you, & you lost the popular vote by 3 MIL.

B.S. Based on what?! If true, you also have Obama to thank for it since you have done ZERO, except open that ugly pie hole and lie.
Lies.  Again,  more lies. Typical Trump.
Bullshit
Not mine.

Nope.  Health insurance stocks went down.
There you go spreading fake news
You RTd yourself. Again. @scavino45
It's a house of cards that will all come tumbling down when your bubble bursts. Mark my words. It's happened before.
If you have to tweet, keep it to things like this please.
Alternative facts are the same as fake news..You post CNBC graph yet call them fake?? Your alternative reality..
Book of Proverbs, 16:18, "Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall..." In other words, #MuellerIsComing
U just suck






Trump will say anything & everything, but the truth!
Deceptive & corrupt presidency
Keep up the great work Mr. President!
https://m.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=123018371683754&id=100019267757392 …
Thanks to OBAMA  are you jealous?
Luv my Potus 
Taking credit for the economy Obama left you ...again, and again.
Fake source! You big fakey!
It took obamas policies to kick in. Trump will ruin it within a year, IF he doesn’t get kicked out
Thank you.
Nice survey of all your millionaire buddies drooling over your tax reform.+
Stilllll not buying anything. Lol
Thank you,President Trump&Pence.
Fake news. Action done by a true dictator.
Making stuff up again? YOUR economic numbers will start to show soon. You're too dumb to understand Obama's numbers are still in play. Sad.
From the old white man poll.

Straight from Faux News.

Sad
You DO KNOW you lost 4 military people recently? 

Sad
Thats because of our great President. God Bless you for all you have done
I had dream about you and if it comes true ...yea but telling my dreams on point ....so I suggest.... U change
And you think that REALLY has anything to do with your bumbling administration? #MoronInChief #MoronTrump
Where he getting this FALSE information
You only been in office for 10 months. Your policies haven't even been implemented yet. So how is this your doing??
!!! 2004 a marked difference
People are spending money like there's no tomorrow because there may not be a tomorrow as long as you're in office.
"I'll just keep on self-fellating myself with figures that Obama created, while California burns and Green Berets die in Niger..." DJT
Russia,like the US,like France,Like Great Britain,Like Israel etc. etc, are responsible about nuclear weaponry.Trump MAGA greatness.
It's funny how according to you everyone lies,but, your azz+
@doedeer1664  REALLY YOU HAVEN'T DONE A THING YET YOU TAKE CREDIT WHERE CREDIT ISN'T TRUE
Thank you President Obama!
