why did you appoint him?
OIG AUDIT: FBI FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER MUELLER PREPARED BY KNOWN CROOKS #citizenjournalist #IAmAndrewBrietbart 
http://iamandrewbreitbart.blogspot.com/2018/04/oig-audit-fbi-financial-statements.html …
It’s time for Sessions to do his job as AG.  Rosenstein has overstepped his Authority Rosenstein is only in charge of Russia investigation has nothing to do with what he just did
Be careful what you ask for. You leak a lot of intel...
He's the President.  He can't "leak intel." Nothing stops him from telling us everything.
Integrity, a sense of responsibility, basic human self control... All of these things should stop him. Sadly he lacks them

Remember when he bitched about too much transparancy risking our security? Ironic.
The discussion was that its not possible for him to leak,  not whether he should tell
Could be a rouse.
Wish you would fire Jeff Sessions. He is no help to you.
So what's the holdup President Trump, get rid of Sessions and get someone in there that will uphold the law!! Get someone who will move on all the evidence that has been brought out about Comey,Hillary and the rest. And Fire Mueller!! He is criminal!!!!!!!!!
You should be looking for a better AG. I had high hopes for Sessions but I think he is compromised. If not, then he is just a weak man. Unless something happens to change my mind, at this point I would prefer to see him resign and take  Rosenstein with him
@RudyGiuliani to the rescue
Time to remove AG @jeffsessions !
She has her tentacles dug in far and wide
It's pretty simple Dotard, Russia has them. Remember when you asked Wikileaks and Russia to find the emails? You've colluded with a foreign government. Go to jail, do not pass go!
Old Tweet!
Right now Sessions is useless.
Why don't you stick a couple of Marines up his ass and make him?
Yes, Sessions is not only very weak, he is very ignorant on many issues that deal with the health and well being of US Citizens. We don’t need a narrow minded ignorant head of DOJ! You know what to do Mr. Trump!
Atty Gen'l is not aggressive n doing nothing but blowing smoke.
Time to fire this loser and bring in the top guns.
#AmericanJustice is a JOKE!!! Crooked @HillaryClinton gets subpoena on her Emails and she destroys laptops, tablets, cell phones with hammer and 33K emails! If Trump did that he would be in JAIL! The Justice System is a SHAM!!!
Hammer Sessions or fire his ass
What was the purpose of your July 2017 criticism of Mr. Sessions?
When are THOSE warrants coming...
I pray that Sessions isn't dirty too.  God Bless you sir for everything you deal with for us.  We are with you in force.
While I agree it seems he's been asleep at the wheel, lately he's come out swinging. M curious if hrs been biding his time for the rigjt moment to strike. Don't fire him yet, instead give him a kick and wake him up so he starts doing his job.
Maybe you're sleep deprived. I voted for you but you, Mr President are behaving badly. You should stop bad mouthing the man U chose!!!
Loyalty goes both ways, President Trump. Love you but have to say not happy with how you are treating our @attorneygeneral  
Look what Sessions hasn’t done .....so many from Obama admin need to be in Gitmo. I pray he has them all lined up now and just s matter of time. Tic tic
#qanon
#followthewhiteabbit
#pizzagate
FIRE HIM!  He is tainted!
Rosenstein has to too
I think he is running the DOJ
Sessions does not have anything to open a case... Ever considered that? Or are you after another series of Benghazi nonsense?
HILLARYS GUILTY AND YOU KNOW IT. STOP THE NONSENSE.
OMG get over it, Impeach Trump
Get lost!

And you are mentally ill woman
Very upset.  We all need good Healthcare. Mom had a stroke and i hear you're helping the wealthy? We need Medicaid. Sad .
Mr. Trump, you can win by keeping healthcare  and improving it, You don't need a new bill, you just need to make it better and win
Obamacare is criminal what the democrats did along with Justice Roberts. Roberts should resign for arguing the case for Obama
Just like in a chess game. You don't down the Queen on the first move. Get Real President Trump!
Can you just as it down with him and ask for investigation?  He is a good man or you wouldn't have him in the position.
Where are your tax returns?
Where are $$$ owed to your contractors who went broke due to your 5 declarations of bankruptcy?
Attorney General needs to take strong position on Russian interference in our election and people who colluded with them. Hillary not pontus

Give it up trump, it's not the role of POTUS to direct the judicial branch
Trump needs to get involved as what is going on in this country is criminal. The treasonous swamp is Winning
that he has--but the duty is the ethics commitee's job and they don't got none-
Already investigated.
Sessions has let the country down. With the volumes of crimes committed God couldn’t stay out of jail.
HE SURE HAS!!
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT HIM!
Sessions LIED under oath that he dIdn't have contact with any Russians!  Your ENTIRE administration's now engaging in obstruction of justice
Regardless, his recusal was the right thing to do. Now to get u to stop cyber bullying tactics. #endthenightmare #resign #poorleadership
When you finally dump that prohibitionist, the right choice to replace him is NOT a failed neocon like Rudy. @Judgenap can do the AG's job.
I hate sessions but I hate you more. Fire his ass and America will seal your fate later!
So why did you hire him?
Once again the Great Deflector is hard at work. 67 Million of us will be singing in the streets when ur gone. #Impeach45
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
- Treat Sessions like you are the you will treat the people you say you care for the same. Shame on you
This sounds just like why you fired Comey... performance concerning HRC investigation. I guess you've a pliable,immoral,greedy SOB waiting 
Seems you're taking a weak position on Sessions. Tweeting is exactly a power concept
I am no fan of Sessions at all but how can you demand loyalty from everyone when you offer none in return? Sad. #CountryOverParty
Your Presidency is going up in flames. No one fears you they are laughing at you Blondie.Your name is a punchline and your cabinet is a joke
public flogging of Att Gen. Sessions is very wrong! You look small. Stop it! You two sit down in private and resolve this.
he can't do it all at once. Stop the leaks first. Stop the public bullying of AG Sessions. You are going to loose your base
wonderful things are happening! TALK about that. At Boy Scouts U threatened Sec. Price. Don't berate Price &Sessions n pblc
Time for Sessions to go!! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!! REPUBS CAN GO TOO!!
Only mentioned by you to pitifully try and deflect interest in your own suspected collusion and obstruction of justice? You would throw...
he is hiding something that would take him down...You have been more than patient with him...I don't trust him at all...time to let him go...and get Trey Gowdy...he will do the job on the Clintons...we are sick of Sessions...
Jeff Sessions is a good man do not elect to get rid of him, let him do his job and support him.  Do not embarrass him in public.
I see, you are just looking for a way to get Mueller out of the way without taking responsibility for it yourself. Typical.
2/2 have a better AG! Please talk and work it out I know you have taken alot of crap and your family too but this man is not your enemy!
I love both these men. I hope their teaming up for a victory and this is all BS.
Donald Trump is the first president in 30 years that actually gives a shit about the United States and look at his accomplishments
Because @realDonaldTrump told everyone in Nov 16 not to investigate @HillaryClinton “I don’t wanna hurt them (Clintons) They're good people”
Fire Sessions
Unbelievable how many negative people there are. Why don't all the whiners actually do something good for once.
We are. We're working to impeach the RUMP.
He is a traitor he must resign
It's adding up to be he was a never trump plant to obstruct any prosecution
Yes sir they had it all planned he thinks he will get off Scott free mmmmmm

you are the one who said to ignore hillary's crimes -- YOUR FAULT!!!!!!
MORE TO THE POINT WHERE ARE YOIR TAX RETURNS
You're going to be impeached.
Keep up the good work. 

Hillary Clinton.
Now that makes me LAUGH.
With much respect should this be discussed at a meeting. @USAGSessions is not an opponent or the enemy. You "Clintons have been thu enough"
Mr President, Don't forget the 120+ suspicious deaths (e.g. Vince Foster Seth Rich) linked the Clinton Crime Cartel.
What's you're beef regarding her? You're in the White House, not her. Grow a pair, grow up, and run the damned country
The most unloyal person in the United States, demanding loyalty. He works for us not you, civics lesson perhaps?
can't you just call him? Why don't you just fire him?
How much longer do we have to put up with this?
It has been investigated there is no case
And this inept guy is your POTUS? What a world embarrassment. Obviously all old trump family money couldn't buy class or common sense. Sad.
Poor Donald!
Where are your tax returns?
Agree
Big supporter sir don't fire session. I will continue to support. But it would be dumb as$ move.
You were asked if you would investigate Hillary after you were elected and you said they suffered enough.  Origin of weak position on you!!
At this point you should be worrying about yourself.
wasn't a supporter in primaries, but have been defending you since- please lay off Sessions, it's a big mistake
Maybe Sessions should do his job & then people would lay off him! Whose side are u on, HRC's? We want her charged & prosecuted 4 her crimes!
No, but he was right to recuse re Russia to avoid any perceptions of bias- give him time and he'll deal with HRC- not always about sides

Impeach 45.
Traitor!
Lock him up!
Donald Trump himself praised Hillary for doing a great job when he was first elected.
My family voted for you President Trump...my mom had a stroke and needs her Medicaid. Sad you're only caring for the wealthy.
I'm sorry to hear about your mom. Sad about what is happening to our country. He's always been only for the wealthy sorry you didn't see it.
Jeff Sessions must be a friend of Killary Rotten's.
Jeff Sessions could kick you a$$.
I don't think anyone will take a weak position on Trump's crimes as they are revealed. Praying with "There is nothing hidden..." as to Trump
Money truly can't buy class! This is low even for you!!
Real question is why has the Special Counsel ignored her crimes!  His mandate from AG Rosenstein is INCREDIBLY broad yet he appears reluctant to look at them.  Tony Podesta not indicted but Manafort was WHAT BS!
He wants nothing with you and he thinks the people will forget what he has done so far!! He's in deep and so are you!! #Impeach45Now
President Trump, you are going one step too far. JS is doing a good job!  Apologize to JS and get a Special Prosecutor. You need JS!
You need to elect a more proactive AG!  Too much justice is needed for a passive AG
please fire Jeff. Put in tray goody or Ted cruse or Mike Huckabee.   judge Jeanne from Fox News  please president Trump
.let him do his job--you do yours
Thank you former President Obama and the Democratic Party. The party of working families, science, business, and religious freedom for all.
Mr. President, I thought you yourself said you wouldn't prosecute Hillary Clinton.  Why is it now Sessions' fault?
You cannot turn our democracy upside down we the people will not have our country taken over by a dictator like Castro Putin and Hitler
There are none. Hillary is not guilty of anything. But YOU ARE!!!!!
No,Sessions has taken a VERY WEAK position on Emolument clause violations,$ laundering, conflict of interest, tax fraud... #ImpeachTrumpNow
@attorneygeneral A.G. should file complaint with justice against prez 4 creating hostile work environment let special counsel investigate
FAKE NEWS!
Those investigations take place behind the scenes.
I agree but tell him and work things out
He's not there to appease you, he's there to appease the American people. You're the president of the United States please act like it.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @USATODAY
You fire Comey (you say) too tough on Hillary & now (you say) Sessions isn't tough enough on Hillary. Which is it psycho?
How are you unable to simply talk to your cabinet? Talk about weak? Look in the mirror.
Grow a pair and just fire him.
Fire him Mr President. Don't let them push you around. He abandoned you. Disgusting
@JeffSessions works for @realDonaldTrump 
Replace Sessions, fire Rosenstein who set you up.
Passive aggressive?
@jeffsessions Stick with your job Mr. Sessions! Don't let Donald bully you into quitting. #bullyinchief cannot continue this behavior
Really getting tired of your negative tweets! Can't you use the tweets for a positive
As Limbaugh said in May against sessions he has just been around the D.C. Crowd too long thinks in the family. Does not see evil
Give it a rest, bro
QUICK DEFLECTING. It only enhances your obvious inability to do anything right as far as our country is concerned. Please leave.
U need 2 get over yourself.Sessions didn't endorse u because of your crowd size (faKe),he endorsed U because of your agenda
Do not embarrass your own staff publicly. Don't have them embarrass other staff publicly.
No crime was committed, except yours.
. Anyone hear how @FLOTUS cyberbullying efforts are going? Can you confirm if she is pro or con?
I wonder how many crimes you've committed in the last 6 months? Karma is salivating with anticipation and WILL catch up to you, sinful liar!
yeah, that happens when no actual crimes exist...
Deflection and distraction are the only things you do well.
You are starting to lose you supporters with this stupidity. I'm out and so are s few more financial supporters!!
No he's not.
I know how frustrating the Swamp can be, think back on difficult deals you have made in business before...you know anything great worth wait
Wait? The investigations need to start.
DID HE TAKE THE JOB AS A.G. FOR THE GLORY OF IT OR TO DRAIN THE SWAMP?  I am very disappointed with Jeff Sessions!.
Your not a dictator and time will tell with you how long your prison sentence will be.
Well then shouldn't he also be issuing arrest warrants for @DonaldJTrumpJr & @jaredkushner for treason? #WorstPresidentEver
We are not in the campaign anymore. @HillaryClinton needs no more investigation. How about your finances? Watcha hiding?
See a doctor, Donny, a real one. Your dementia is getting worse.
@realDonaldTrump .. Repeat after me.....YOUR FIRED!!!!!
He'll ya go get them TRUMP
Get he out POTUS!!!! Don't let anyone tell you what to do!!!
ur a joke
Probably right next to where you hid your "pee pee tape".
Another day, another public servant who's outlived their usefulness to you tossed under the bus....
How about the very weak position you have with no action to stop Russian/any threat/voter interference
FIRE @USAGSessions no clinton investigation no comey investigation no lynch investigation FIRE sessions NOW!! totally incompetent
I agree. Not enough people with principles and a spine. Stay the course Mr. President!
@TGowdySC  for AG!
Jeff Sessions is a loyal person and does not deserve public criticism.  What happened to one on one conversations about expectations.
Maybe because lawyers are impartial and unbiased when determining criminal action, & not indict them bc they're the opposite party.
Mr. President, you should realize these childish tweets against @jeffsessions makes you look so very small.
Patience & trust. He's a smart man. Let him work the process. @jeffsessions
Question for AG: Is it ok for everyone working with classified info to do like HRC, Huma, SusanRice, WassermanShultz, or just elite Dems?
President Chump has taken a VERY weak position on defending America from foreign enemies. He's the Intel leaker. BAFOON!
The last person I want to see fired or resign is Jeff sessions just do your job that's all I ask
be sure to tell JEFF SESSIONS to leave our weed alone .....
this is as old and tired a story as your claim of winning popular vote and huge inauguration crowd!  Get over it already
Session didn't recluse himself you made him get involve to fire Comey so all this drama is just a diversion to keep Session your AG
What Hillary crimes? Do you mean the fantasies bumping around in your dysfunctional mind? Get psychiatric help.
You both need to spend a weekend working out problems! There are solutions! Don't loose your friendship! Good people are hard to find in DC
He is not being good to Trump. He has betrayed him. Actions speak louder than words.  He needs to go.
He is not your personal lawyer, he doesn't work for you A-hole, he works for us, the constitution and the rule of law!
Isn't your wife trying to end cyber-bullying? You should listen to her @realDonaldTrump your twitter tantrums are an embarrassment
Donald, why are you so afraid of SN investigation, you should welcome it if you're not guilty.
@RinoRooter babe, you're ALL TALK #ALLTALKTRUMP
Sessions needs to get his head out of his own ass and do his job or step aside
FAKE ILLEGITIMATE POTUS DJT SR:IF YOU ARE SERIOUS ABOUT RETURNING AMERICA TO GREAT U WOULD RESIGN IMMEDIATELY BUT THE SO-CALLED MAGA CRAP IS JUST MORE OF YOUR BULL....
SESSIONS IS SWEET. SWEET IS NOT WHAT'S NEEDED FOR CLINTONS MANY MANY CRIMES!!!
Sessions should gracefully withdraw. If he keeps recusing himself, he should have his salary docked.
Too bad Trump’s dad didn’t withdraw.
Leave AG Session alone or fire him! Stop shaming him! Move on
Intent? See
I cannot believe a POTUS tweets insults all day instead of doing what I'm paying you for! Governing!!!?
Sessions is obsessed with fighting states that's legalized medical pot.He needs to go after Rice, Clintons, Brennen ,Obama.
Give him time, he's been working on other things to law officers credit.  They luv him.
Exactly!
Have a joke
