મોદી સાહેબે એક દેશ એક કર નુ સ્લોગન આપયુ,આપણે સ્વીકાર્યુ પરંતુ પેટ્ટોલ અને ડીઝલ મા કેમ GST લાગુ નહી પડે? 
#લુટતીસરકાર

Make America Great Again! Not tired of winning yet !
President Trump wasn't kidding when he said there would be soo much winning! #MAGA
Tweet away u fool.  Soon, u will be turning in tax returns & facing felony charges. Obama so outranks you in EVERY WAY.
Of course he does snowflake.  #MAGA #TRUMP2020 
Only 38%
He squeaked by.
Mix in a little black with that blue.  #MAGA 
Why do people in GA and SG vote against their interests? Their children are going to suffer for years.
Yeah I know. Just the other day #CNN reported that Trump threw a couple of thousand old people off a cliff. 1 survivor. #MAGA #TRUMP2020 
Oh wow, I'm seeing people saying now "Hail Trump" I guess this proves you're Hitler. Man, you need gone soon!
At least it's not Hillary!
Rather have her than a Nazi
Stupid comment
Honor us all by releasing your tax returns, Don.
So much winning Trump, I can't take so much.  Please stop lol
A successful businessman knows not to spite anyone...but as you weren't successful at anything how can you unite people?
#MAGA
Super wins.  Congrats.  May Ryan and McConnell pay attention and get the Trump agenda done now.
Love PRES Trump..
Make America Great Thank you  President Trump
Are you supporting a democrat?  You're not really willing to take that whooping again are you?
LOL, so you get couple more in the House, but do you realize you still control Congress? You still can't get shit done fool.
Winning sir winning. Not tired of it yet. They keep saying you will quit? Never.
He's not going to quit,he's going to get thrown out. He will not last 4 years . He is under investigation. Hopefully out b4 were in a war
Again a clear indication the #Trumptrain keeps on going strong get on board or get run over #MAGA

Yes she did...and you helped by doing what u promised
TRUMP THESE ARE ALL SOUTHERN STATES!!!!!EVEN WITH U AS PRES THEY WILL REMAIN LOYAL U ARE OUT. HALEILEJAH.
Please don't mix God with Trump
WE JUST CANT STOP WINNING!
The Democrat party is rollin-- whoops, nevermind.. still a Trainwreck.
IT'S #MUELLERTIME You're going DOWN just the same, little weak-minded man. #MUELLERTIME #TRUMPRUSSIA
We're particularly honored that you lost 15 points relative to the Trump-Clinton '16 margin, enough for a D landslide & House majority
Ben is yet another dork.

You are in your own world
#draintheswamp
He barely eon. Add that adjective. I'll wait while you look up what that means. Tick tock. Impeachment and 2018 are coming. #hallowentheme
please help I'm so tired of winning I can't take but maybe another hundred years of this #All aboard Trump  coming through
Hey Donnie you are at 36% now!!
We would be honored by your resignation, Trump.
I am honored by every American who is trying their hardest to serve the people. Public servants rock!
Privileged, ok. Not sure where righteous comes in?
Still tweeting I see. I'm honestly surprised you're not out golfing somewhere
Awe I love our Pres!! I like your Meme!!! He looks kinda cute!! #TrumpIsMyPresident
I'm glad you found someone you love #NotMyPresident
He only won by 3 points in a race Republicans should've won by double digits.
A win is a win ! So now what !
Is this why the #DemocRats have a #jackass as their animal symbol 
Fitting that we're #elephants who can #trample said #jackasses 
All these dumbasses are gonna find out they've been hoodwinked when you take away healthcare and not provide new jobs as promised....so fake
Mr President! Shame on you!
It was the Russians again, (those sneaky bastards)....
#MAGA!
Hmmmm
#MAGA
Amen to God guiding and Jesus we love you.

You ever gonna condemn the right wing White Supremacist that rented a van, then drove from Wales to London kill a bunch of Muslims?
Or mention the 7 dead sailors? Or the Muslim girl in Va beat to death on Friday night? I'm guessing no since he has yet to mention Portland
Ppl die in war, military give their life every day and accepted it might happen when they took the oath. They r heroes and proud to serve
Trump you are awesome! Everything the left does to you is backfiring!
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your...

OK
Liberalism is failing
GOP gained nothing from these races, they already held these seats. But the margins are tighter than they have ever been in these districts.
And they did gain something. They made sure a democrat didn't take a seat in Congress. That's literally everything.
Idiot
That's what they gained. She said they didn't gain anything by winning. You people are not too bright.
Maths is hard for you, huh?
THE SEAT WAS EMPTY.
But previously filled by a republican... So the numbers stay the same.  No net gain.  See maths ain't so hard.  Keep trying!  You'll get it!
 #MAGA
Grab any pussy lately What Pride
Here's one
You know I'm spiritual but I'm not religious. Trump is the Antichrist for the planet. He makes it two more years I'll be amazed
So glad you are proud of someone who doesn’t think PTSD exists. All Veterans should take note.
Great...you all plan on getting anything done?
buena tarde no entiendo ingle
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
No honor in supporting your fascist regime #EndFascism #DumpTrump #NeverTrump
You promised winning like never before if you got elected. Dems have no answer and neither do your critics #covfefe #trump #maga
winning an election isn't success. doing your jobs, and serving your constituency is success. #Resist
Aww not feeling it!
lack of Democratic leadership is a miserable embarrassment. but not nearly as embarrassing as @realDonaldTrump so yeah not feeling it...
Where are the trolls? Bring in the trolls. Hey Trolls, Archie lost South Carolina & I am laughing my Ossoff.

Yep...
Dems don't want Healthcare, they want socialism. Use failed Healthcare 2get it.
Global warming is a $100billion yr Hoax & EPA wasn't by Dems
The people on healthcare are being screwed by the Democrats. Intent was 4 it 2fail & provide really crappy healthcare till money runs out.
GOP 6 Dem 0
Please don't use words you don't understand the meanings of like Honor, Integrity, Oath,Truth, ect.
Norman did worse than Mulvaney and you
It was a narrow win in a red state. Our resolve and our numbers are strengthening every day. Our numbers are growing.
Glad to hear it!
The GOP panicked and through money at it, we know scare tactics and money work.  Just look at you. #FakePresident
Not To Long You Will Be Passing Law @TrumpForVets2
Traitor
In fact, I find that very odd!  More reason to believe the RNC exposure to voter's data may have been used in the elections!
You know jack shit. Someone had to tell you who Ralph Norman is and what district he was running in. You're a pretender and a fake. You 
actually it worked for the republicans during obamas tenure
Please stop animal abuse sir. Too many are getting off with a slap on the wrist for it.
May be you can get a plea deal and make a little money for Healthcare or family Planning. Sell raffle tickets $10-$20 apiece top 10 winners
Only won by 2000. Very close race. Not won by a landslide. Shows Democrats could win in 2018
why is my daughter not or is missing not told to me and im arrested by police on tiy gun charges when im 3+
Don't screw us on health care and illegals appoint counsel to investigate counsel
GOD IS WITH AMERICA MR. TRUMP,
IT WASN'T AN ACCIDENT THAT A REPUBLICAN WON.
grow up.
It's past your bed time
Yes he did God bless him.
This race was very close as well!  Only 3.2%.  This race didn't even get the coverage that the election in Georgia received!
Wow Trump won again? The hateful left will riot for sure again
All should read Tom Friedman's article in NYTimes today. It is his lack of moral authority that makes DT incapable of leading. DT must go.
Your day is coming Trump
This mssge was brought to U by Donald J Troll the slug in government, the only mark he's made is a secretion of body fluid he loses 
A twist! This tweet attracted a Trump supporter.
I'm guessing people are just sick and tired of listening to the democrat's whine and decided to shut them up!
Unlike you, Norman ran a civil and honest campaign.  We are honored by his success, but we are still dishonored by you.
almost lost.
And we are all disgraced by yours. #americandisgrace
So am i
You've got big coat tails, Mr. president. Big League!
...We are building our base from the bottom up so it will be strong! You lost 10% of your base recently. 70%-60% approval. SAD!
Keep on kissing he's ass but one day yo gone see the big picture.
Congrats Mr. Norman.MAGA
Thanking all the supporters for South Carolina for Rep win God bless your State 
In 11/2016, @ombpress Director Mulvaney won SC 5th by over 20 points.

This week, @RalphNorman barely eeked out ~3%.

What changed? @potus?
Not as successful as the Panama canal but a success nevertheless.
Again, speak for yourself Orange Manchild
Ruby red and it was close...we are coming out to the polls.  We are campaigning across district and state lines

As long as we keep voting frud out the way we is going to keep winning , thank you God thank you Christjesus !!!
#trumprussia
he fired the shot across the bow of the  tanker leaving the Iraqi port and started the gulf war
在共产主义的光辉下屈服吧。
Congratulations Ralph... winning is contagious. The Trump Train still headed to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.. Welcome aboard.
so if im not a target why is robert Martinez murdered and im the witness to it not me at risk for help for my daughter
Although you will make it all about YOU. Speaking tonight? That is Must-miss tv!!
Message getting through sir! Now we need to show everyone that the government works FOR them... MSM losing the battle! 
YES we are!!! GO MAGA!!
Is it even remotely possible for a Democrat to win in a REPUBLICAN GERRYMANDERED DISTRICT?
THIS is 100% TRUE.
Paul Ryan, you BRUTUS, your time is up in AUGUST! IT'S ALMOST OVER FOR DR. FAKE!
You don't even know who that guy is.
if i said get gere to me and speak to me im the boss of you and i demand you do as your askex.im the highest ranking elder
Wondering how much the Russians worked on this election?
No we aren't
Impeach Fake President

Don't you have a job to do like run the country?? So busy tweeting instead of working. #resist

Improper use of "honored." #Ass
quit and put Baron in office.  He has more sense than you.
Get off Twitter and get a job.
He is a rich Republican just like the rest who rule us.
Another loser in the swamp #LoserPotus #FakePotus #DirtyDon
For you to do the best matter is to resigne from position to save America. No Wasting time for stupid comments everyday.
