Too be fair, Clinton was defeated via Putin Trump Quid pro quo collusion.
#traitor #TrumpColluded  #TreasonousTraitorousTrump
She lost, because she sucks, and should be in jail
How so? I hear that from well-paid Right Wing Sycophants all the time but the truth is Clinton hasn't done anything illegal.
Certainly not on the scale of Treason / Colluding with a Foreign Power to rig an election.
You’re still butt hurt that old bag lost. Trump, he’s still our president, and he’s doing a great job.
Great job?
My hunch is you're another highly uninformed Trump voter & super proud of it! 
Willful naive  ignorance.
Have you ever been productive in life, or have you always been a liberal?
Define productive?
I have never run interference/ cover for a con man, a treasonous traitor.
Nor have I chosen to bask in a sea of lies & falsehoods.
Trump Train Titanic
#theemperorhasnoclothes
You are a fucking idiot, block me please. Productive, opposite of bleeding heart liberal. Help make America great or get out.
Also this was an election of good and evil and good won! Also many prayers were answered!
Classy and humble stmt Mr President . But there are millions of US that know she lost because she is not worthy in Gods eyes #spiritcooking
Thank Mr. President we are all behind you 
You asked RUSSIA to LEAK emails which you used to divide America and subvert our democracy-- AND you lost the popular vote TREASONWEASEL
Don had fewer votes.  If Russia had not boosted Trump her enthusiasm level would've been just fine for a victory #Treason
You are a #fakepresident who needed Russia to get elected.
just as guilty as you are now.
you're going down as the biggest fraudster to be potus in history. #URAJOKE
No but Obama will in the next few weeks
She lost because she's a liar and is treasonous to America.
why are you still.discussing the election. Are you trying to tell us something .. like you cheated??
Guilty as hell, yet cleared twice. Your logic needs work. She lost because she made the error of assuming USA had brains.
How much longer can you go on about this?Methinks you protest too much.  Sounds like you're not sure about your win.
you seriously don't know when to quit. #friday13th you are our shared nightmare
why are u still being a poor winner #donald? #growup #adultchild
Still blaming poor Hillary for everything wrong. Take responsibility piss boy. Paranoid schizophrenic. Take your Thorazine.
She should have been put behind bars for her emails .Who gets away with a crime because of ignorance .She knew better
you are funny but really I hope when you become president this tweeting stops... you will need to run the country.
i just want obama back
I see the lack of respect for the new president is growing everyday. The next 4 years is going to be a circus
you will forever be running against Hillary Clinton it seems. You will never escape her shadow tubby
agree 100%
Also: Guilty as hell of what? She hasn’t been charged with anything.
OMG, please don't start. Only one of the two candidates had a federal investigation against them
Trump has a federal investigation against him. Keep up.
Uh, no, sorry, he doesn't. Get your facts straight.
Actually he is under investigation, and so is his foundation.
Please show me evidence. A lawsuit against a company is not a federal investigation against a man.

I love it. Comparing this obvious smear campaign to Hillaries scandals. Liberals grasping at straws.
Now that you are president, could you consider tweeting without swear words? Think of the evangelicals who voted for you.
I bet you can’t wait to see what the FBI have got on you. Also: she got 3m more votes than you but hey ho.
and important fact about those 3 million votes they just happen to have all come in Los Angeles and New York City
Actually, a lot of them came from Texas.  Trumps victory Margin in this red state was much lower than expected.
buy a drop sheet for america is beeing pissed on    BIGGLY

And you and Putin giggling over her being hacked.

people were fed up with the Clintons. How many Clinton either died or went to jail while working for them. Uber Corrupt
#LockHerUp
Kellyanne denied you got the dossier briefing and now it's confirmed you did get briefed. What's she so afraid of?
no he did not!
Lost cause she lied to;stole $ from Found.& poor Haitians;wanted socialist left;labeled s;abused women;Benghazi lies
MORNING DONALD. why not have a glass of water and a stretch first thing in the morning, rather than tweet, ey
LOCK HER UP!

President Donald J Trump!

The Hypocritical Democrats Have Zero Respect, HRC and Gang LOST! 

#MAGA #DJT45
Lock Him Up.
folks, don't get sucked into dons rants, he's intentionally causing chaos & distraction to take away from real issues
she got 3 million more votes.  STOP TWEETING.   PRESIDENT LITTLE DICK
.@realDonaldTrump She had a point
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HdVq27tVnus …
what a guy, well done America
is this what I have to wake up to everyday? Nothing about plans for education or reuniting these divided states #scary
H &O still fighting us! Took President Trumps convention,victory & still keeps pushing hate 8days in2 the inauguration!ppl
.@realDonaldTrump why r u still talking about this? bc winning a contest was your ONLY goal? you don't love america #ifyoublockmeyouareWEAK
Delete your account, bozo @realDonaldTrump
You're still attacking her, @realDonaldTrump?

In the words of Joe Biden:
.@realDonaldTrump Why are you still talking about Clinton? Explain why you tapped the Goldman Sachs CFO. How is that draining the swamp?
Idk maybe because of the liberal meltdown, everyone is attacking him 
Trump tapped the CFO of Goldman Sachs, who he claimed is corrupt, because Liberals are attacking him? lol?
Sachs attacked him lol
Then why, when he claimed during campaign Sachs is corrupt, did he tap the CFO of company for his cabinet?
Rage-tweeting in the middle of the night is beneath the office of the president. Put down the cocaine and get some sleep.
Cocaine is pretty serious, got any proof, or is it just more fake news.
Inflated ego
Delusions of grandeur 
Paranoia

and this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BJjUv_TD2E&sns=tw …
That proves nothing, how about he takes a drug test, if clean you go to jail. Lies has to stop.
The problem with lies is if the President can do it, anyone can do it. Lead by example?
Speaking of lies, we have text book examples just look at the last 8 years.
I believe you just discounted yourself as a reliable source. Pathetic
that is true why she lost... but where are your damn taxes? Why are you anti-CIA? Who's going to benefit from no CIA?
who cares why she lost. She did... You are quite simply the most ungracious winner in the history of mankind.
Three million Americans care why she lost. Three million Americans just didn't want him. He's proving why.
.@realDonaldTrump Honey, you were up at 6 spiraling again. The election is over. Hillary isn't fighting you anymore. It's time to drop it.
.@realDonaldTrump I'm sorry the leak embarrassed you, but try not to dwell on conspiracies and paranoia. You have to stay focused, Donald.
.@realDonaldTrump Just breathe and say: I am a beautiful, smart, honorable, respected man and I won so I have to try to President.
Because this is a national humiliation that must be held accountable in every possible way.
Trump is the embodiment of how our country is so terribly divided. His message is one of bullying those who disagree.
Funny that, we see it as the other way around. In a nutshell what you folks have done is one reason Trump won.
very classy.
did he say that recently ?
.@realDonaldTrump Sir, getting back to the job of governing: More jobs are lost to automation that outsourcing. What's your plan to help?
The World to adapt and learn new skills that are useful for the new World. A rather easy answer.
It would make no sense to force unproductive/ineffective labor. It goes against economic progress.
if you don't like it go South or North of the Border
she won the popular vote you win electoral get it straight popular vote is the ppl's votes stop saying falsificstions
I'm not a trump supporter but let's face facts tho, she did campaign in the wrong states. It's like she didn't campaign to win
but she won the popular vote so she campaigned in different states and won the popular vote which is the people's vote
that was her mistake, she should've known the popular, or the people's, vote doesn't grant you the victory
well it is all of the US mistake for mistakenly thinking their vote mattered their vote held no weight nor does it ever
A. She won by nearly 3 million votes.

B. The FBI themselves said she did nothing illegal.

This is total horseshit.
When Cal leaves the Union, have Hillary as your president. Oh, but they won't, they need/rely on fed funds
When Cal leaves the Union America will be bankrupt.
You really need to use a little of that logic.
Dude Twitter is based in Cali.
again you assume that they would stay there, big mistake
Talk about bringing a nuke to a knife fight.
One resource, natural gas. produces 1/10th of their consumption. Logic? truly not self sustainable. Relies on outside state
we get it, you won. Now try to be presidential and professional and get off twitter. 
he won't stop
it's pathetic. He's an embarrassment to the USA.
she wanted open borders and would have gotten us into WW III with Russia over her illegal server, not worth it!
and she had no message.
No at least Trump has a plan to let business have big tax cuts and let little people pay taxes.
do people in US still believe in trickle down economics? Discredited years ago.
HRC lost because she is unlikeable, untrustworthy and a hypocrite ($25M Saudis-no rights for women, US uranium 2 Russia)
Trumps likability ratings are worse than Hillary's.  You have been gaslit by DonTheCon #TrumpIsPutinsBitch
btw, learn to spell, and don't believe #fake polls. @realDonaldTrump
yeah right, I forgot, Trump followers always think any poll not favorable to him is fake #Gaslit
Ignorance is a choice.  Study the poll internals, surprise yourself. @realDonaldTrump
I have a graduate degree in statistics. You don't understand. Trump got less than 50%. It's not complicated
Then you are well-equipped to study the poll internals.  I understand you're in denial. My President -->@realDonaldTrump
It's very ironic that you think I am the one in denial.
she got more votes than you
Project Veritas has footage of DNC staffers admiring to mass voter fraud. So no, she didn't.
sounds like evidence- when will charges be laid?
disgusting treasonous war mongering pedophiles have ran our country for decades. Trump was the only shot
illegitimate
she lost because BOTH of you committed felonies aginst the constitution #TRAITORTRUMP
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”
if you'd of lost you would have blamed it on hacking. Yet u won because of hacking
Then why don't you press charges instead of just flapping your lips?
bullshit.
Thank God 4 you Mr President! You're a hero! I'm glad u have thick skin. Praying 4 you & our Nation!
People know she was a crook, before the emails.
I wouldn't get cocky if I were you. She won the popular vote so America still doesn't want you as president.
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
you literally lost the popular vote
We do all know you are just form, no substance.  And the form is chaos.
U were the one who should not have been allowed to run. A self admitted pervert, crook, bigot & fraud
Just give him the rope, he'll eventually hang himself
He already has. Combat vets like myself hate the coward . Cold War Vets-Oh well what can I say?
Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
American lost when you came out on top of this. I hope the @DemConvention regrets the shut out @SenSanders.
Donny just USED the states who voted for him. He would never have gone there at all, but you're stupid, so...
Vote for @BTS_twt for #BBMAs' Top Social Artist using this hashtag #BTSBBMAs
Apparently you thought Comey briefing was off the record. Telling. Did you have reason to think he was your errand boy?
Brains aren’t everything. In your case they’re nothing.
She lost because Wikileaks had guts to reveal the truth! Who else would have done it. Putin loved fellow, CommieBernie!
yeah she lost the proper vote by 2 million.... oh wait....
so let me get this straight.  They investigate Hillary, all true.  They investigate you, all false.  Convenient!
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea.
you only won because Russia hacked our election it's ok though you'll be in prison soon enough
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
COMING TO A CINEMA NEAR U. The rebel Jew. Tryna stop a hitler part 2. 
One orthodox gyal out for blood...
* * * * * T R i U M P h a n t * * * * *
Well, you said it yourself: she would have won, if she had campaigned in the right states.
Still not over your exceptionally huge popular vote loss?
You have 427100 seconds to come to terms with it.
Yo momma so fat, when her water broke she created the Pacific Ocean.
you're still stuck on the fact that most think you would have lost without Putin support.
I dont know how it is possible to win with a team of liars. No wonder old rich broads from the dream factoty supported her
Sore winner.
Were you born this stupid or did you take lessons?
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
forget Hillary it's over
No!  They were Very nice to YOU, Donald.  They didn't reveal any damagng information they had on you.
MOVE ON TO DOING YOUR JOB! You are too weak to be our leader!
They found she was not guilty of anything. You, on the other hand, are guilty of not understanding things like "facts".
And she was a horribly corrupt candidate.
She thought she didn't have to because she was already a winner because of Blacks, Hollywood, and Obama
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
You are the reason people are blind
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
please take your 3rd wife and kid with you NYC does not want you   ... you  lost the state remember?
, she lost because you cheated, but then you can't win any other way. We will catch-up to you soon.
Well, this proves it. You can buy anything if you 
have enough $!
@cspanwj #UniteBlue #humor #TheResistance 

We think Jim Comey and buddy Vlad had a hand in this. Hope we are wrong.
tired of you...
Hillary's guilty?? How many people accused you of sexual assault? You're sick.
yet she won popular vote-lost in those states by a very small margin. FBI should have let us know about your Russian ties
Put an end to this and let AG Sessions charge her with everything.  It'll put an end to all the "she should have won" talk
Of all the mistakes your parents made, you take the cake!
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
@protesting2016 cheers trumpton.....
@lawrenceangbk @realDonaldTrump @protesting2016 Give It a few months, this well be reality. Thanks to
3 million preferred HER over YOU -- I'd say that was enthusiasm
& Also because she was and is a huge Crook our country will take time to recover from her poisonous wars & corruption.
According to intelligence reports, you should never have been allowed to enter the presidential race. Go home to Russia...
she lost because we the little people knew the truth about her...from Rose Law Firm to stealing the silver on way out of WH
She is horrible, scummy. Can't wait to say President Trump!
Dude stop acting like a girl. My bad, forgot you are one!
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
she lost because she's a thief and a liar
Show us your taxes
@MSNBC why are you still campaigning?  Great job of uniting the country.
I know how you got so rich. Yo momma's so fat,when she wore high heels,she struck oil
@HillaryClinton Also, you should probably stop gloating about winning an election when you had a couple million less votes
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse
What worries me R the Americans so willing to ignore Hillary's lawlessness & pretend shes an honest person, Frightening!
national political scene n d early '90's when I was w/d Reynolds campaign building my GREAT Illinois Dem Party #legacy!!

so my three autistic sons will loose their healthcare and you're okay with that?
Uh no @realDonaldTrump... Me favourite Democrat Candidate lost cause your mates in Russia HACKED into the Voting Systems causing u 2 win! 
She lost because your Russian bed-buddy held your tiny hands and gave your submissive ass a golden shower.
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
oh leave her the heck alone and get on with your own affairs. More to worry about than the past!
@belllabooo13 - forget about her. She's no longer important #HRC
You Are 100% Correct Rose!! 
Wasn't in the game - took it all for granted! Mr Trump paid his dues won the vote fair and square! Great work ethic! 
She spent more time giving 200k speeches to her special-interests cronies than she did talking to The People!
She even used white-noise machines so reporters and people couldn't hear what she was saying!  How crooked can one be!
Hillary had the popular vote. you wouldn't be the elect if the electoral college didn't exist
Don, you can quote yourself on Twitter so the last part doesn't precede the first. I do it all the time ;)
Once again, your mind is on YOU not us Americans. You do not deserve the office.
and she is and was surrounded by scummy people - she belongs with scummy people - she is scummy people
Hasn't she been cleared by the FBI about the emails? Yes. Nobody needs the approval of Putin's boy toy
What a sore "winner". Please, try to do a good job. None of us want our country to fail. Quit your moronic Twitter rants & get to work.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
I am a cancer patient on Medicaid. What happens to me? I have 4 children who need me
