Hang on. This is the 'failing' New York Times, authors of only fake news right? The 'phoney' MSM. Can't be trusted I'm afraid.
LOL. 1 good story amidst 100 negative ones. We all know this.
Oh I see. Only the positive stories are not fake news. Got it. Which of course is batshit crazy.
of course his fake news claims are BS
Doesn't that worry you? That he's trying to delegitimise all criticism,  whether justified or not. He wants no accountability.
well.  He's kicking back. The media fawned over Obama shamelessly. He's right to kick against them.
Did Fox fawn over Obama? Did Obama spend his days constantly crying over their criticism of him?
99 percent of MSM didn't hold Obama to account. They deserve all their hypocrisy. They are now waking up lol
Why did you post this? Isn't NYT FAKE NEWS to u. Oh, that's right, only when you don't like what they print about you.



Businesses are already reacting to @POTUS' vision with renewed optimism and investment. Last month the economy added 235,000 jobs. #VPinFL

MAJOR IMPACT: @POTUS Trump is 50 Days in and moving swiftly to get America back on the right track. #MAGA 
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/03/10/major-impact-president-donald-trumps-first-50-days-in-office/ …
You're NAILING IT Mr. President. Truly the saviour of America and Western Civilization and Western Civilization. 

While Trump FIGHTS for Women...

Germany has invented “anti-rape undergarments” to make it harder 4 Merkel's MUSLIM "Refugees" 2…
damn all these trolls read everything he says why don't talk troll HC leave our pres alone he cutting shit out gov
What shade is your foundation? Asking for a friend.
NYT? FAKE NEWS!
FAKE NEWS!
The FORGOTTEN AMERICANS CONFIDENCE HAS CHANGED! working and families "STILL STRUGGLING" has ran its course!  THE MOVEMENT!,  MAGA!
if only we could change to a competent @POTUS.
aren't you on vacation again??? Pitiful that you have to tweet to make yourself feel important
these are not facts so not interested #ImpeachTrump
when will drug prices come down? why is it part of third phase? you think ppl are dumb? or #PaulRyan thinks ppl are dumb?
Go Trump Go!
Man, your ego is going to swell up and pop like a big hot pimple.
 #LovingTrumpsTweets
As well as the confidence of the American People. The rational ones anyway. Confidence in our Government next stop
isn't this the same "failing New York Times" you keep telling us about?... oh and aren't they "main stream media"?
Yeah more nervous. 
#TheResistance
#DontheCon
Nope. You're still Groper-In-Chief.
you owe an apology to President Obama, and to the country...
This small business owner is terrified!! You are clueless and reckless at the same time!
@oppstn You haven't changed at all.
not quite true though is it?
@DonaldJTrumpJr  follow advise of @RealAlexJones create a Pres. TV SHOW come directly to People EVERYDAY to FIGHT  this WAR
Someone is REALLY overcompensating for something this morning.
ok I understand you better now. Everything is in "quotes" so you're "joking" and "don't literally really mean" it.
Finally, the real leader! Thus business reacts normally
lol nytimes? have they changed?  if this article still a bunch of anti-MAGA, let me know.
Roughly 500,000 veterans use Meals on Wheels a program you want to cut. So much for supporting service men and woman
Cuts r needed to reduce the 19 trillion debt Obama created. Why don't u donate to meals on wheels instead?
wow Jennifer that's a bit heartless. Cuts made to seniors is nothing to joke about!

yeah apparently he just regurgitates whatever is on his news feed. Keep feeding that ego!#Pathetic
Your success is predicated on the misery of others. #Russia LOVES #Trump #usa #RESISTANCE
funny you don't mention Hillary's campaign manager meeting with same Russian officials , why is that
you say you will make changes to help small business, but real benefactors will be big business.  Rich get richer!
YES YES YES!!!!  It's why we voted for you - so you could do the country's businesses some GOOD! And you're doing it!!!
. And wages will go up due to demand Not because they were mandated.
BTW: #45IsCompromised by a hostile foreign government: #Russia THAT is a real danger to our country. #Treason
I am a small business owner and I appreciate what you are doing for us! Thank you! #MAGA
What's he doing for you? What has he ACTUALLY done for YOU? I'm genuinely interested.
Did you not listen or read the attachment! Plus people the economy is up and people are spending money again. During election people weren't
It's a difficult concept for economic slaves to understand
In spite of it's inherent clarity
wait hold up. You're tweeting a @nytimes article? What about failing? What about fake news? I'm so confused...
funny how 1/2 Donald Trump keeps calling nytimes failing news but keeps quoting them and using their stories...
Fake news.
......FAKE NEWS...Remember.....#whatadick
Who would believe, it would be better with an idiot in office ...hehehe
how come every negative tweet comes from a writer or actor I've never heard of?
...or self proclaimed comedian lol
And dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. Instead of making it great again, you're destroying it!!!
So it's only FAKE NEWS if it's against you?
big business hurst small business i.e.  homedepot, wal mart, CVS .
Small Hands you mean?

Yeah, he does: HITLER.
Not only do you use a pronoun in the 3rd person, which is really weird, you quote the "failing" NY Times, when it serves your purpose. Sad!
You're citing the @nytimes? I thought they were failing? Or do you only like them when they say nice things about you?
only when it's not fake news.
Ok so, when it's pro-Trump is real news and when it's against him it's fake news?
Yes! Not possible to legitimately criticize me & team! Critics are fake!

Precisely! Fake criticism! Fake journalists! Fake humans!
Then you clearly will believe anything.
"The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence"https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/03/12/business/dealbook/small-business-confidence-trump.amp.html …...
Entirely over rated >> Kill the EPA >> dang woodpecker cost mother $30,000 + a new roof - phui !
is well aware he's pampering the richest and screwing his voters: "Oh, I know."
This literally happened...
Tucker Carlson: "The counties who voted for you will do far worse under your plan"
Donald Trump: "Oh, I know..." 
repubs can make any plan they want heCLEARLY in that interview said he won't sign it unless it benefitspeople
How many thousands of times did he promise that Mexico will pay for the wall? All lies.
spend way too much housing schooling and free healthcare for illegals that savings alone would build the wall.
We can find our own fake news, thank you very much.
#Ohio say the prospects are better because they believe. 
@Geraldanthro @amoine @Mariotte67897 @tahino1 @TomthunkitsMind
The livestock market has seen arise thank you Mr. Trump
I thought you said @nytimes is failing and fake?
You have changed ? Very doubtful, you are still embarrassing just think about how you treated Merkel!
By destroying government for all and making it just for the greedy rich. #youfucker #impeachTrump #resist #notmypresident
you said @nytimes was "failing fake news" are you saying this tweet is fake news?
Wait, so now you're supporting the NYT?
isn't the failing nytimes fake news?
the failing New York Times, eh?
WHOA! WAIT A MINUTE! You said the NYT is "fake news" you also said they are failing and the enemy. Why cite them??
for some reason I read the quote and read it as "small hands" omfg 
so not fake news? Girl, you need therapy.
Trump is still a jackass
trust me. We are not confident. We are scared out of our minds whether our business will last this calendar year
.@realDonaldTrump I am a small business owner and have NO confidence in you!
Diverting the wiretap claim internationally?why only Britain and Germany?Add some more!Lost an opportunity to apologise!
@TeamTrump @nytimes Change for the better, we are very pleased with the positiveness. Sincerely 
FAKE article
fake news！
Sure, those Pesky Regulations and the forced care of employees is a drag. Let's continue to move back to the 1800s
so is the @nytimes no longer the Failing New York Times?
What's that, @realDonaldTrump, you said, the @nytimes is FAKE  NEWS !
I thought the @nytimes was "fake news"...
PBO is going to bring you down without doing anything. You are doing it to yourself with your lies and paranoia.
An article from the #fakenews failing NY Times? Those businesses are screwed, then.
Oh, so now the failing NYT is good again? You're such an embarrassment.
wait so now you repost @nytimes who you call failing when they write something remotely positive about you? #mentallyill
you are an embarrassment..So sad
Wait, don't you accuse the NY Times of being fake news? I'm confused.

But so are you.
Did no one notice Trump called the US a great "company" then quickly corrected to "Country" in Merkel Press Conf?
keep up the winning , it's refreshing to see small businesses encouraged instead of over regulated into obscurity . #MAGA
, the key word here is 'promise', and from a man who can't remember what he said two hours ago. sad
Donald your correct. These naysayers are schmucks!
My business flourished under (Black) Obama - since your election I am already having my worst year!  SAD!
I Donnie is dumb which makes him dangerous. &Mike_Pence is just dangerous #Impeach
But the New York Times prints FAKE news, right?
I thought the @nytimes was fake news, tho. I guess they're only fake when you don't like what they say, huh? Ass.

so you like NYT when the story benefits you?
FAKE NEWS!
so you are quoting from the "failing" @nytimes ? Sad! I thought it was fake news? 
my small business is terrified of you
I call bullshit
I thought you said ny times was fake news?? Hypocrite!
So this isn't fake news? You have said NYT only puts out fake news..so..this is fake correct?
I think and I hear only good things about this . Good job !!!:):)
Thanks Obama!
roll back regulations sonpoluters can pollute.
Yes, the President has become a bigger a-s-shole, and so has the suffering of small businesses increased! #fakepresident
Donald do this small business owner know he'll loose the health care tax break for small business with your plan
Wasn't NYT a failing news????
Thought you called @nytimes #fakenews? Guess it depends on the perspective of the story.
Wait until the great recession hits because of your policy. It will happen by the end of 2017.
@TeamTrump Same trolls every time  GO TRUMP
but you still have small hands. #moron
wooo!
You are right, NY Times must be fake news if they something positive bout you
Yes, we have many new buildings, many are still empty, just like the old ones all over town. Not Good Business Confidence
So all of a sudden NYT isn't failing or fake news?
need to completely repeal Obamacare rep Trent Frank's said repubs have a good plan but can't get it passed
Fake news.
I own a small business. I'm confident you're the biggest childish, lying twit to ever hold that office.
Dude, this is a NYT article. U called it fake news for ever. I can't have it both ways. U think u can but you cant
yes, there's one less billionaire on the loose screwing them out of their money--At least until you're no longer POTUS.
actually didn't @KellyannePolls say you made a fortune by hurting small business owners?
If you say so.    We the People are confident too. Confident that we require an independent investigation you & Russia
I own a small business and my confidence has not increased at all. Your budget is morally bankrupt amd your vision dark.
Yes, the smart ones are scared to death...!
Trump tweets again. Residents of queens NY forced to apologize once again for rearing the scourge of humanity
I thought they were FAILING FAKE NEWS? Is this fake??
so has my inspiration!
#Trump lies About Everything!
The Pres "Changed" what? From orange to umber? His socks. His 9 iron? He needs to change his address, OUT of W.H.!
but wait, are they failing? Are they fake? Usually you say NYT is. But I guess when they say what you like... #fascism
Go Trump!
I thought this news organization was failing? You're throwing them a bone with the retweet?  Shame!
Why are you tweeting #fakenews ?
If you could find a way to be less biased, you could sell you paper THE ENTIRE COUNTRY.Make a business decision
You said NYT is Fake News and Failing NYT. This article therefore has no credibility or validity. Nice try.
until we small business owners can't afford health insurance.
wonder if they'll still feel the same when they come to realize they were conned?
but I thought NY Times was fake news that would never write positive stories about you and your accomplishments.

"... the cross is folly to those who are perishing, but to us who are being saved it is the power of God."
1 Corinthians 1:18

…
I call bullshit, sorry.  My husband and I just closed our shop.  Things are NOT rosy out here.
but you said the failing @nytimes is FAKE NEWS! Are you saying they're not fake anymore? #MakeUpYourFuckingMind
Anything you retweet is suspect, #Donnie, more #fakenews. #RealNews sees how you damage their cred. #Ingrate.
And peons working for zip! Watch already extreme poverty grow. :(
they've changed to hopelessness.
Most Americans WISH you would change. But you can't change, you are a pathological liar. Can't wait for your impeachment 
@cashflowgroup @nytimes The President is exactly who he's always been, hence higher confidence.
Resign, liar.
You're cutting the SBA. You're a joke
We all lose when we sacrifice values for profit.  Apparently that lesson was lost on you long ago it seems.
