The real media reports real news. FOX panders to the 33% of Americans who still worry about deleted emails.
Actually Fox is rated Number 1 so trust me its more than 33% all the left saying they don't are liars
Number one what? Most disproved news reports? Favourite station for the challenged? Source of fake news?
As In ratings
Which shows what? Numbers don't equal accuracy or truth. Game of Thrones is even more popular, but like Fox, it's entertainment.
Cognitive Dissonance seems to be spreading like wildfire among the left .
Look mom, I know learn the words: "Cognitive dissonance" yay
"But mum, I don't actually understand how to use them in a sentence".
Like the Senator Mendez court case. A public figure that needs to be aired to the public. No news by tv stations.  Why??
He said it best  
my twitter sucks
Lol that is a good one. I'm flattered you perused my page kudos...

As it turns out,Investigation Proves the Poo-Poo Dossier was a WitchHunt. 
Abuse of Government to Destroy Political Opposition
#FreeAssange 


HURRY, Somebody get 3 HAG SACKS before I get SICK!
It is called STINK EYE! 
Iwas gonna say stink eye, now more they give me stinkeye cuz I belly laughed like 1 guy oh wait can I say that or am I insensitive 2 gender
You are definitely one of the GOOD people there!
Maybe it's more true that the media is the message. If Trump or Fox says it, then it's true?
Like your prejudices show up in your tweets?
Very true, Jesse!

I want to see the dance when he gets re-elected 
Ditto that!  Go Trump!
Ironic! Unless a story favors  Trump Fox doesn't cover it. The Five proudly mock anyone who disagree.  The Five is a bad talk show not News
Well let me report this: What I've personally seen & heard from Trump is nothing but insanity, stupidity & ignorance. He says it all himself
Turn off your tv's ... There is little truth & less balance to reporting than ever.  Media picks what they show their audience.  Wake up
Kind of like presidential bias isn't it little man.
Trump, put your phone down and go golf.  For the love of all things innocent on this planet.
Thats President Trump to you.
Oh you meant "that's". Ok.
Ok wise ass.
Your profile and header miss the president too.
Hi ladies just hope you all are seeing the news and see how far Trump is he's doing a great job he's got his nose to the grindstone

Glad you notice
And i really like what they do report.and.what they do not report
1861-1865 Civil War
2016-2020 US Media War
Patriots WILL STOP the Globalist Media ELITES LIES & Political Agenda
Media WILL NOT STOP TRUMP
For example, Fox and Friends not reporting on your Russian collusion.
Yeah, I've noticed that FOX rarely, if ever, reports any sort of hate-crimes against minorities.
No kidding!
Kind of like how @FoxNews won't report anything negative about you?
RT @TheFive: "Media bias is not just about what they report, it's also about what they don't report."-@jessebwatters #th...
At least he's not tweeting classified information this morning but it's early.
Trump is in front of the telly again...watch TV, golf, tweet, threaten nuclear war, repeat.
https://thinkprogress.org/hours-before-trump-threatened-nuclear-war-white-house-adviser-said-north-korea-isnt-a-real-threat-2cea22555e6d/ … A Flea?  Or not?  Wag the dog much?
That is the truth.  Media is controlling the world's outlooks and opinions and it's more than frightening. Turn off your tv's people
Indeed
I agree.  The media pushes their agenda down our throats!   I don't have TV, I only listen to conservative talk radio.

So what's @foxnews not reporting?
So much. They basically leave out everything unflattering to the president.
#FakeNewsMedia
Trump needs to decide whether fox is his intel service or the states this is the 2nd time in 2 days he used Fox News as his intelligence
1 in 4 say Trump acted illegally with Russia: poll
It is also about How it is reported. Most media practice Yellow Joutnalism today!
Dishonest media.
Or misleading information presented in graph form like this?
This is fresh coming from a state run news media.
Well they report everything so I guess there is no msm media  bias! Unless you are  are talking about fox,the  most biased on the planet
Hi Leakrr in Cheif. A little birdie told me North Korea is a sham. Something China and Russia pulling  Un's puppet sttings for you to stop
#RUSSIANGATE #TREASON investagation by Mueller but alsa
But not just because trump says it wasn't reported. Or should I say only reported on vs what he doesn't want reported
Like Donald not commenting on the Minnesota mosque attack?
Shill
Very important point. Knowledge is power & MSM knows it.
Our news reported better overseas & other countries more informed than we are!
Wow...you mean like Fox not reporting on sexual harassment in the workplace?
He just really doesn't care what the media says he just does and does and does and they keep lying
Nationalise the media.
@subschneider @jessebwatters and how they report it, who they interview, phrasing of questions, time allocated...
32% approval rating your getting closer to 30% keep up the good work, I know you can do it!
Still more popular than Judas.
Which one?  There were 2 apostles named Judas.  
Yes. Luke 6:12-16 

I would hope you know I meant Judas Iscariot, who betrayed Jesus. Or Joshua as some would have us believe.
Eets called a joke. 
Forgive me, it's early and it's twitter.
True. Lol. Hope your day gets better!
As long as we don't have a nuclear holocaust by tonight, it should be fine. And thanks, same to you about the good day.
I know right! Fox "News" knows all about media bias!
Didn't Trump retweet that Fox and Friends report that leaked classified military information about North Korea?
Right before taking us to the brink of nuclear war?
What the hell is a "brink"?  44 elevated doing ZIP to a work of art!  "Thank you Obama?" #dufus
Haven't met a hobo. So many questions: Do hobos still travel the country by boxcar? Do you carry your belongings in a bandana on a stick?
Sorry you are a block head.  In 2008 hobo folk was 20% population in every state! "Thank you Obama!"
In 2008, when Obama was elected and inherited a full-blown economic recession from Bush? A recession Obama turned around. Thanks Obama!
Can we get back to my Hobo questions? Boxcar? Bandana and stick?
#impeachment is coming
The true Americans can see right through them, it just making president Trump movement stronger ..
What's not reported is the biggest part of fake news.
Lolololol
Oh like u? Not being able to say that Museums schools & teaching at home is an alternative for those flags & statues.
,...just like HE took FOREVER 2 release HIS TAX RETURNS (August 8, 2017; 21:31 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL

Trump is making America great again, Obama did nothing but weaken the US
this must be part of..., (August 8, 2017; 21:31 EDT) #FOXnews #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
The worst
World's most powerul man has been fighting with media but failed to tame. He should come to India to learn how to tackle them.
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters Jesse Watters made a crude comment about Ivanka. What happened to your "get even 10X worse rule".
SO TRUE!
DANGER of the DEMOCRATS=
Propaganda "News"
-RECEIVING 1/2 of the facts in order to form an opinion equates in POOR DECISION MAKING
Censorship reflects a society's lack of confidence in itself. Media bias is a forms of censorship of information to the public-that simple.
Does Fox Entertainment cover Russian collusion?
Media should report news, but seems there are far more commentators the news reporters.
@LindaSuhler @jessebwatters #thefive U quoted #Watters? C'mon Doc, ur grasping at straws. Now #ShepardSmith, he's the real deal.
AMEN TO THAT
Sad doesn't even describe how much we are
What about what you don't report?  What about shit Trump does you don't cover or gloss over? What about his lies?  #complicit #spokeshole
@TheFive is part of the media. No different than any other media show on any media outlet. Sells ads by telling stories. BIASED!
You should know.
So we'll see how this will turn out on the government's climate report. Who will report and who won't... :)
Btw, I heard Muller is digging through ur finances. I bet ur tax returns will be the first thing LEAKED, don't you?
Watters - that's the guy who mimicked #DerHorrorClownsDaughterWifeIvanka performing fellatio. It's on tape, y'know.
I got to work for my little pissy paycheck you got a big check. With your Gold Line house in New York really.
Like the amazing lack of coverage for DWS and her never ending lies?
So the implication is that networks other than Fox have bias, and Fox doesn't. When in fact all have bias, and Fox leads the pack.
All pro Trump and far right Republican.
True that!!
you all ought to know. eight years of trashing a sitting president because he's half-black. i hope your network turns into TMZ
Yes Fox News is king here.
Maybe they should push more fake conspiracy theories made up by that crackpot #FireHannity
I can't for the life of me Remember What they Reported before they Had Pres Trump to RIP APART??
Hey isn't  that guy who is being accused of sexual harassment from The Five? #TheFive
So if they is not telling your side YOUR way using YOUR words, it's bias, right? That's the standard you cling to? That's called propoganda.
How profound!
Time to change direction.

Boycott fake news and sponsors of fake news
Reality check time for those who say Trump is a failure.
"Delusions of grandeur are not just what they acknowledge, it's also about what they don't acknowledge."
p
cppp000] $r0tr05m55
The Five finally figured out what Fox has been doing for years and they want it all for themselves.
https://m.youtube.com/results?q=why+we+are+decline+cultural+marxism+&sm=1 …  Why is everyone scared to talk about the connections to cultural Marxist practice from our former administration.
The irony of this retweet is lost on the "not so smart" president
Trump does stupid shit every day and gives the MSM something to report. He says one thing and does the opposite. There's your media bias.
Trump bias is not just about what he tweets, it's also about what he doesn't tweet--mosque bombing.
You mean like when Fox News fails to report that the ACLU had obtained an injunction allowing the demonstration in Lee Park?
President Trump doesn't like the media to report he said "fire and fury" without adding "and we approve."
You don't report facts, only things that make Trump look good. That's bias if I've ever seen it
Bryan, The problem is the people who complain about media bias watch Fox News and don't know what bias means.
Cockholster
Yeah but the five just talks about what Tucker talks about. How about you find something else to say. Or be more like O'Reilly
Which is bullshit! News is news....start reporting news and stop reporting your opinion!
What isnt your channel isn't reporting on?  I don't see you covering it all. Looks like a channel out of N.K. We'll see only what you want.
Not even in war and we have had more military and civilian casualties than any other President thus far. Let's not forget Yemen.
Predawn raid at Manafort home by FBI. A #WitchHunt sometime finds a witch #REALwitches
I think this will make for a good discussion. Maybe Guam IS NOT THE TARGET. Maybe they just want us to believe that.
Exactly the reason why Fox News nor trump have talked the bombing of a mosque in Minnesota.  Only newsworthy if whites are being bombed.
Amen, NOT ABOUT CORRUPT CRIMINAL LYING MEDIA & FAKE NEWS,#PERSIST JUSTICE FOR AMERICATHANK YOU JESSIE FOR YOUR SUPPORT OF PRESIDENT TRUMP

The Main Strwam Media TRIES to keep as MANY People in the DARK about what is REALLY Happening!
Hence, TRUMP TV!!  Sins of omission; lies; PROPAGANDA.  You are a threat to democracy.
Retweeting the five now..good grief! Watch cartoons or something. That crap will rot your mind!!!
RESIGN
The majority of American people don't believe a word that 45 says
Such as the #Russian contacts you have? The fact that you surround yourself w/unqualified, incompetent #Corrupt indiv's like yourself?
Well said about Fox
Not reporting is far less dangerous than injecting false hateful garbage into our society. You really want to talk abt bias Faux News?
Tell our @BBCNews that.All the brilliant positives we have as a result of Brexit are squashed and hidden as they push their leftwing agenda
Nazi, Fascist Propaganda with Agenda to make America fail.
Your bias is branding any media outlet that doesn't agree with you "fake" and publicising one that does.

"FBI Coverup"ACLJ Obtains Compromising Documents! Obama White House involved! Moving Full Speed Ahead!  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bFiKnTFQWEtkUmtrWVluRWV8MWt2SnBqbGxhUWJLRZuYpfuSobyDw4IahIi9BrQU5WIHbv5nrodQsAlV8gOP …
Perfect example: Trumps "Real News"
What an ironic statement totally lacking in self-awareness. Or maybe it is just disingenuous?
Give it a rest, sparky.
If you understand the medical term for leaking, all of you have a hand up.

Yet no comment on Marine loss of life, no comment on mosque bombing. #thatsrealnews
That's been going on, during my news viewing years, since the '90's.
Totally agree!
Oh god. Please apply this standard to literally any moment on Fox News. Also a reminder that Jesse Watters has no discernible talent.
like @foxandfriends not reporting the actual truth!
Amen!
Dick Picks
Jesse Waters is a hack. Real journalists report the actual news. Not fake news. Not alternative facts. That's all Fox, Breitbart, etc.
FBI JUST RAIDED @PaulManafort home in #TrumpRussia probe. We already know they colluded(thanks Don Jr)but what else?
Ironic coming from a Faux News show. #FakeNewsMedia  #foxisfakenews
Donny did your team ever find @BarackObama birth certificate when they were in Hawaii.  I know you hire the best!
https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2017/08/08/daniel-dales-donald-trump-fact-check-updates.html …
It's also about how they misrepresent what they report- @the Five & that ignoramus- Jessebwatters

Our leader NEED  to stop lieing. How can we trust him
They stole ur line @ValentineShow
Oh wait The Five...  Is that Sinclair propaganda?
Agree with jesse but sure dont like the show the five !!! Hire jesse away from Fox
I actually agree with that, as long as those who say that look in the mirror and make sure they're doing the right thing.
Ya FOX !
Manipulating the news is just another form of propaganda. MSM aren't journalist but political commentators.
So, you're not denying what's going on. You just want more deflection.  Got it...
`That's the new slogan for #TrumpTV
Exactly, The fake news like Fox and the POTUS has yet to talk about why the weaker $ because of Trump hurts the poor but helps the wealthy.
Hellooooooo!  I have been saying this for 2 years!
Fake or manipulated?
We the people who voted for you will stand with you and not waiver. My vote is being systematically made irrelevant. Wars started this way.
Lol..Jesse..Greg" they should vote what they bench press"JW, "Greg you look great, you've lost weight! " Greg's laughter was contagious#MAGA
Moreso...
*yawn*
They tell us only what they want us to know teaching us what they want us to think.
Yeah, like the bias on #FOXNewsUS #FoxAndFriends and all their other shit!

Bias is sugar coating. It is innuendo & lies specifically to decieve & CONTROL viewers. We know; & STOPPED WATCHING.
Says Fox News or #fauxnews You are the #fakenews you always have been and always will be. Stop kidding yourselves.
You are weak Mr. President.

...and WHY!
Like what FOX doesn't report, or changes to "alternative facts" hourly
Yes, this statement is very right up his alley.
My thoughts about #Breitbart and #FoxNews , exactly.
Absolutely definitely!
http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-propaganda-document-admiring-tweets-photos-chyrons-2017-8 … Hope he gets his calming fix with Propaganda Document
Did you report the Eric Bolling story? He probably share the pics with every woman at your table
Don't buy and don't watch products of media outlets that do not report!!!
"Media bias is how they frame a story, then editorializing at nauseum creating talking points. Manufacturing fake news."
Good God!
Exactly
