@realDonaldTrump @nytimes OMG Tired of the same old song and dance. Give it a rest. Some of your supporters may believe you but that's it. Half the country plus 3 million more voters than your half do not believe it is fake news. You are delusional.
Says a President??? That has lied over 2400 times since taking office. Now 2401.
Oh, I remember them printing an ad written by Putin.
For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accur...
Research all the names in questionable reporting. CHOSENITES!!!
and, what would you know about truth
such a hater lol - good post though. #NYTimes #commercial #viral #Droga5
_What the actual f*ck is wrong with you @realdonaldtrump? Do you actually have:
(a) brain 
(b) heart 
(c) none of the above
#totaldisaster
I love how everyone is a critic of things that they can't even understand , The swamp must be drained, Double time now
it's such a shame you see everyone else's short comings but yours and You are the biggest Failure of Americans
betcha "failing @nytimes " will be around long after failed president.
Insult Watch: This one's a classic. The ad the Times is running is "a bad one". This is a perfect example of the gratuitous insult.
Hahaha, about that "failing" nytimes.  They're not.  But you are. You're a fraud and a sham. Go away.
yeah, amazing how they keep winning Pulitzers what with so much failing.  You Cheeto colored cartoon of a leader
NYT - doing just fine Accurate & fair? Try leading by example
"Try reporting accurately & fairly!" ? You can handle accuracy or fairness.
Yes! Fair
President Trump, what do you think of an average Joe sitting on discussions to help pass or discuss Normal issues.
President Trump I support you blind. ..
let the fake news fail
should try and stay off of twitter
Keep getting a NYTimes bill, never subscribed or received a paper. Guess they really are the NY Failing Times!
but their subscriptions are up... you're a very confusing man, you know that?
president needs to stick to facts. NYT is not failing. Even your kids know that!
Blah Blah Blah.  Have you heard of,
 "Freedom of the Press"?
a newspaper way off the real topics of our time should be nyenquirer
NYTs is extremely fake news, we know what type of people fester there.
You lied and claimed they we're one of your "sources"were awaiting an apology for this and to President Obama #SAD
Nothing's failing as fast as your reputation.
VERY SURE NYT NOT FAILING, BUT YOURS IS, RATING DROP DROP DROP BOTTOMLESS
NY times has more subscriptions than ever
when you stop making up delusional unbased distractions from real issues!
unfortunately mam for the rest of us 99%life hasnt always been fairtake the binky out of ur mouth and potty train.
- Try actually leading America to help save your failing administration! TRY leading accurately & fairly!
repeal it!
you are incredibly and believe me I don't lie you can trust me to say you are full of crap and liar.
they do; you don't
it would seem weird if a CEO took their time to respond to watercooler chatter?  #biggerissues
I subscribed just for you
subscriptions are up
Read your briefings not FoxNews, Breitbart etc. Will you please act like POTUS?
It was a great ad! I now subscribe to the nytimes.Can't believe anything that comes out of the White House
why not you stop LYING ! Guess you do not actually realise the difference between falsehood and truth ?
There mad cause you wont pay em off, thats what their use to.
@seanspicer YOU GOT TO FIGHT LIKE THEM!
That's FAKE news Donald. NYT does not have a failing reputation. They are already rock bottom. They can't fall.
So you're the President and you're attacking a legitimate American business! FOOL
stop tweeting and do your job. Work with pharmaceutical companies to make meds cheaper!
have you checked your failing popularity latley. LOWEST of any President in History.
L
A
M
A
L
A
E
R
E
S
T
U
M
I
E
R
D
A
Stop the stupid talk.
right
Do you know what 'accurate' means? How about 'fairly'? Did you confuse 'tap' with TPP? It's not 'tapp'. SAD.
Should read, "For the first time, and "will take a bad ad to..." Use the word "and" also, not &.
YOU TALK ABOUT FAIRLY?
LET THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DECIDE WHAT THEY CHOOSE TO BELIEVE!IT IS OUR RIGHT!JUST BECAUSE IT'S NOT WHAT YOU WANT TO HEAR, DOESN'T MEAN IT'S
THINK YOU SHOULD WORRY MORE ABOUT YOUR FAILING STAFF! LET THE MEDIA DO THEIR JOBS!THEY HAVE THE RIGHT TO "FREEDOM OF SPEECH"!
they have these Dirtbag liberals on there and they give them their five minutes of fame I wouldn't air them at all
the problem is Fox News is probably the only Network that reports fair and balanced and sometimes they overdo it
I think for myself i Dont let the media tell me what to think. Dont let them force you to lose sight of the prize
: The times has been around much longer than you and will last much longer!
Why? It seems as if the illegitimates and improper excuses always find their way to the top. Just like you.
Your entire family will bear the shame of being related to you for generations.
كلزق
never saw a POTUS who had to run ads like he was still a candidate before! Or one who had ads for nominees! Hypocrite
Why don't you lead by example Donnie and tell us the factual, indisputable, and unequivocal truth?
ii agre with the president dont listen to wasted news reports
want them to tell your lies  ?
President Trump you need to replace your FBI director now
Serves them right!!!!
You are the one who needs to save your failed reputation, bigly!
Lies
Are all they know. Only Washington Post is more inaccurate.
If they did, you would like it even less.  Like calling you the #liar you are. #pussygrabber @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
you are truly a piece of work anyone that disagrees with you is sad , fake . Now for a world leader that's SAD!
I have an idea why don't you do the same, instead of always trying to create a smoke screen

The "failing New York Times" now have the most supported they ever have. That's because they hate you
Try reporting facts that Russia hacked the election. It's not too hard to find evidence
sounds like you're projecting.
The era of print media is diminished by much of today's print media.  Keep them there tweets a comin'!
what a racist country you have inspired… Wonderful!
 That's right on their head.
I signed up for 3 subscriptions just to piss you off! #FAKE45
Make sure you are not causing damage to a business by an abuse of presidential power. You are under oath.
every time you mention them in a tweet they pick up subscribers so keep it going.
why don't you try telling the truth for once? POG
the New York Times must be happy with all the free publicity you give it!
try following your own advice derrr
more lies.
They took an ad once before from you that turned out to be false (proven) & you STILL standby it. Pesky science!
when you back a cat in a corner it will come out and attack.
NYTimes has you out-classed by miles. You're a pathetic, little, wanna-be dictator. Even the NYDailyNews knows it!
@ElContador2000 @nytimes Your complaint is that it is reporting fairly and accurately. Grow up.
actually their making money now. Journalism has stabilized. THANK GOD JUST IN TIME!
The nytimes is right. Trump is wrong. You seem to be loosing reality. My advice: listen to reporters. Stop lying.
45, I am quite certain you would not recognize the truth if it came right up and kicked you in your behind.
Treason
now, now Mr. President, just because you don't like what they are reporting, doesn't mean it's "fake news" ;-)
that would be refreshing
failing President. Worst in my lifetime!
give it up, drumpt.
maybe you are not capable of the selflessness required of the POTUS.  Try praying for this.
Try finding your Qi POTUS.  We expect better than you're giving
I'm coming from a fake President
glad to see you profits propelled by the disgraceful attacks potus is making on news & media #growupPOTUS
and you try to have a grasp on fking reality you tiny handed fakery factory jagoff
they do!!
Disabled in wheelchars All in for Trump
wife too
proof is in court system. They got the warrent ?
quit crying about the press
You should try being accurate. You might like it.
please get help.
dude they'd  to write a fair (nice) article if that news existed. Karma is a Democrat!
They never will!!



AND I hope if u r going to continue tweeting YOU too take your own advice &try tweeting more accurately & fairly.
let thm go out of biz
NY times rocks.
I seem to remember ur full page ad in @nytimes calling 4 dth penalty for 5 innocent boys. #IllegitimatePresident
Tell me how this relates to the disaster president we have right now. Idiot Nu 1. Cant learn, disinterested, patience of a toddler. Very sad
Like they did on Hillary Clinton's use of private servers? Were it not for that....
Donald, try not to lie
#tRumpRussia
Get off it, Trumpy. Just because you don't like the truth doesn't make it inaccurate or unfair.
@Trump4Ho
pe @nytimes Mr.president, please stop this  Obama wire taps treason obstruction of justice. We must lockem up
@Trump4Hope @nytimes We are with you all the way President Trump.
Hopefully you'll all be gone too, with him.
just because they bring to light your inadequacy,  you call them fake news.  #FakePresident
end them failing @nytimes they also write too much bad shit against india
you're really on the edge this morning you've let your psychosis become public Paranoia reigns thru the kingdom
They wouldn't have 2 report the truth if u were transparent & honest. Instead u lie & spread bs.Quit playing games
you are the one who is inaccurate and unfair. @newyorktimes110 keep up the good work!
Loved the ad!! Thank you @nytimes for staying negligent!
Trump is littlerly dumber than a new born baby. This must be true because @nytimes haven't reported on this story, right?
Well @realDonaldTrump we know you secretly care a lot about what the awesome @nytimes writes about you. Thank you NYTimes for #Truth
too bad the failing 45 lied repeatedly in his address. Try speaking accurately and fairly
Why don't YOU try telling the truth some time, Donald? At least once? @nytimes
About this, I'm fully on your side. nytimes,or CNN or what else , all make fake news.
the truth hurts sometimes.
Thank you for pointing the finger at the #fakenews media! They will now either shape up or die!!
The fake news is Enquirer, owned by trumps friends who approve all stories thru him. that is fake, he is fake & u are a fool to fall for it
