
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border &amp; save lives. Now the full House &amp; Senate must ac...
Sounds good so far

Really? This is not what I've been reading.
PRES TRUMP...JUST DO IT...IGNORE CONGRESS!!!!!!!IT'S OMB THAT CALLS THE $$ SHOTS ANYWAY....TIL YOU REVAMP THEM...
Presidential Order once they do nothing.
YES!!! BIG WIN  make the wall all around US, that this stupid president can't get out anymore. Keep him there, cause nobody likes him on
Thank you Mr. President. You are doing a phenomenal job. Keep up the great work Mr. President Trump! Thank you! God bless you. We love you!
THAT WET BACKS VISA HAS BEEN UP WHY SHE STILL HERE DEPORT THAT FAKE TRASH BACK TO HER LAND!SHE IS NOT MADE IN AMERICA!
WELL U OUGHT 2 START BUILDING THE WALL AROUND UR WET BACK ILLIGAL ALIEN WIFE DONALD CHUMP!
You have turned our country into a mental asylum.
"Build that Wall" "Drain the Swamp" "Pass Tax Reform" "Stop Illegal Immigration" "Remove benefits from Senate til Repeal"
WELL BEFORE U LAY DOWN THE FIRST STONE, YOU SHOULD  START BY DEPORTING UR WET BACK WIFE MELANIE&PUT HER BEHIND THAT WALL AS WELL!
With our House and Senate there is no guarantee. Republicans are just Democrats in political disguise.
How can we afford a wall but not food for our poor?
Thank you from Florida 
If they don't act all legal Americans should get a get out of jail free card
People that are against building the wall.Should leave their homes unlocked with no fence.And let the homeless camp on their yard.Do W.Y.P.

Trump banned transgender service members to secure funding to build border wall, Politico reports 
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/26/trump-transgender-military-ban-behind-the-scenes-240990 …
Jk. Not done. You know people can still fly over the wall, yeah?
Can we build a wall to protect us from you? Cheeto monster
You mean your "see through" wall? Look at you, saving the lives of Americans who get hit by drugs
Impeach Trump 2017
Watch the Wetbacks throw 2 ton bags of Taliban Heroin over So Border Wall making $88 Billion for Russia to invest in T'umplandia Real Estate
1.6 billion to a pointless and divisive border wall, yet they say we can't afford to provide Medicaid and TANF to children 
How will it save lives all it will do is create conflict
Doesn't point to a bill, where's the bill? This is just more discussion about a bill, no action.
Yes my President. Es muy bueno. Felicidades.
Does anyone still believe this stupid wall is gonna happen?
And it will also keep trump out of Mexico 
Building the wall is the only campaign promise you made that I care about at this time. Do-nothing Congress will do all they can to block.
Big WIN today for building the memorial wall for all of the victims of restrictive immigration policies worldwide.
Big loss for the wall. How many times did you pledge Mexico would pay? LIAR, sad!
Praise God
Clueless....DJT you are clueless.  We are not building a wall. The Mexicans won't pay.  Taxpayers won't pay
Billions on a wall? NO! If this wall is going to be such a success pay for it yourself. Then you can justifiably brag about something.
This #asinine #borderwall is not a win. Doesn't work and is theft of property, waste of tax payers' money.
Also, after the wall and other measures are completlly sucessfull we can discuss what to do about nonconcrimials who want to assimulate.
Mr. president, If the DemoCraps want DACA  to live, advise them that if they help fund the wall we could include both in the same bill.
THIS IS HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PEOPLE DON'T REALIZE WHAT A BIG STEP THIS REPRESENTS... GOD BLESS YOU SIR!
You still think this wall is happening. Stop trying to make fetch a thing.
ahhh another lie - the money is to repair the existing wall not to build anything new. ya know if u told the truth no one would belive u
ur building a 20 Billion dollar wall that a $100.00 drone can fly drugs over? u make Obama & Hillary look like a genius rocket scientists.

How is this supposed to save lives?
So Mexico gave you the finger when you asked for payment huh .
Real news, only American taxpayers will be paying for this wall of yours goofy.
Bridges not walls. No seriously our bridges need maintenance and repairs. Your wall is ridiculous.
This is fantastic!! Arizona has been over run in the the past and needs to be Emptied of illegals! They killed our economy!
How many pesos will Mexico pay us back for the $1.6 billion you are spending of OUR money to build your wall?  #LiarInChief
I don't care if you had business in Russia. Tell republicans to work harder like the rest of us. Lazy congressman. Clean up their act.
Great Good News!!  Now could we get some Leadership allocated in the house for tax reform? If we can find any.
U r a builder potus it will be done right away
So we are going to waste money on cynder blocks and barb wire.
Functional country + disfunctional country = wall
Oh, dry up! Who cares what you think!
It's about time
Not going to happen, Donnie Boy.  You can't even get your dick up, much less a wall.
It will do nothing. Just like your presidency, just like how people remember you.
Donald, come to San Diego and see the tunnels under the fence from Mexico.  How will you stop the tunnels?????
fuck the stupid wall Donnie, how is the federal government going to get all the drugs into the country? Oh yeah new FORDS
I have to say, your more recent comments re the wall not being border to border makes more sense...  says this flaming libtard.
You better start paying attention Sir, LOOK AROUND YOU, THAT'S THE ENEMY IN SHEEP'S CLOTHING, they dont want you to succeed, WE DO!!!!
Where's all that money from Mexico? What a liar.
When you build this faggoty wall...make sure you  go hide yoir Burnt Orange  Face
Why don't you pay for the damn wall yourself instead of allocating funds from congress if you care so damn much?
#JustTellLibs
#SolarWall
Solar wall 
You got elected by saying you would fix illegal immigration how about doing the job
I know 4 people dieing of cancer, I know zero who've been killed by terrorist or illegal alien.  Maybe 1.6 billion could be spent better?
https://goo.gl/hV1U34   https://goo.gl/n3i5cE 
Chill dum Donald
This better be a sick joke. NO money should go to this stupid wall.
No one likes you.
AND U.S.TAXPAYERS WILL PAY FOR IT. What about your precious promises?
BUT YOU SAID MEXICO WAS PAYING 4 THE WALL 
Crazy new invention Mexico just came up with in response to wall
#Border Patrol responds to Mexi-Ladders...
You want to cut funding to Medicare medicade food stamps and kick millions off insurance but you get money to build a wall. 
#NoBanNoWall

You should read my favorite book, Trump Temptations
What happened to Mexico paying for it?
Only Wall of significance is his wall between reality and nonsense.
You are absolutely right,: #Merkel is INSANE w/her uncontrolled open borders and is destroying Germany&Europe. We have to get rid of her!
By all means steal social security from seniors and Medicaid from the poor to pay for this wall that WON'T WORK!
Big win for Mexico!
thank you donald trump build the wall and stop the drugs
What a waste of money ! I don't wnt to pay for that wall !
Could this be a win-win situation? I would be worried about the criminals that are in United States,  the immigrants who break the law
Thank you, Mr. President! MAGA!
Why not make it a solar powered electric fence?
Good
And WHO IS PAYING FOR THIS??
Trumfuhrer has tweeted..... Making Nazism Culture Great Again!!!!
I thought Mexico was going to pay for it? You are an even worse liar than George W. Bush.
Go, President Trump! If you Republicans can't get behind your President, wait until the next election, and we'll see who is kicked out.
Wasted money more Debt. Please make sure to deport your wife...


Wait, I thought Mexico was paying for the wall?
Another election promise kept, we are ridding a winner with Trump !
I want to see some action!!
Sounds like a win for Mexico 
It's a waste of taxes. You might say it's for the nation, but It's just your self-satisfaction. I would spend the money on welfare.
The punishment for entering the us illegally should be hard labor on the wall.
"Secure the border & Save lives"? How so? By wasting money better spent on housing or healthcare?
I thought you said Mexico would pay for it.  what is this?
That BIG BEAUTIFUL WALL,  a site sooooooo BEAUTIFUL,  THAT NO ONE, WILL EVER GET OVER IT ! LITERALLY!
The wall will, SAVE LIVES,  SAVE $$BILLIONS, STOP a lot of DRUG TRAFFICKING,  Create JOBS! 
& MAGA!
Not so fast.  It hasn't been approved by the House nor the Senate.  Speak to the truth, if you know what that is.
Just start building--it won't be a wall it will be caskets for EVERY GOP stupid enough to support it.
Not going to happen. If we can't afford to take care of the elderly, mentally ill & poverty stricken; YOU can't possibly afford your wall.
Build complete wall across @USA borders stop all illegal immigration stoping @Americans paying for illegal immigrats ! Make @Mexico pay
It won't do shit, and you know it.
History is not going to be kind to you or your family. Liars are always eventually held accountable, and your day of reckoning is coming.
Too bad it will die in the Senate. Better luck next time dingelberry
Can you and your foreign wife get on the other side before it's built?
Wait so is Mexico paying for this or not? Cuz this is clearly our money going toward the wall.
YESS!..Let's do this!
I will chip in if you promise to stay on the other side.
Yay!!!! Thank you @POTUS! This is why we elected you! Keeping America safe is our first priority!!! #Trump2020 #ivanka2024 #BuildTheWall ♡♡♡
Yes if he wants a wall ,let the trumpsters pay for it
You are going to be nailed on that same wall, be careful what  you ask for, orange boy
Finally, they are doing their job, keep goingTRUMP'EM TRUMP
They better act before they come up for re-election
I will travel to see the wall in person when it is complete. Love my President.
Very Yuge win today. #MAGA.
The promise was Mexico, not us paying for a wall while cutting medicaid sir. You promised medicaid wouldn't be touched.
I hope the wall goes up soon.  I want to thank you Mr. President.  Our weather works fine without geoengineering dumping on us. :)
Building it with food stamps and contraceptive money. Goodbye planned parenthood, hello unplanned pregnancies
but cut planned parenthood... resign now and face less jail time
Well, technically - you said the Mexicans would pay for the Wall, not the U.S. taxpayer, but who is counting?
Donnie boy give me a shout when building the wall.  I did bricklaying at Reid Kerr.  Happy to help out buddy.  #shithotwithatrowel
Hey Donny, this sounds like Americans will be paying for the wall.  What happened to forcing Mexico to pay for it?  Another lie perhaps?
Finally. 
BTW if under exec order you require every American to present a U.S. passport in order to vote, it will stop voter fraud.
#JesusChrist and others helped me #BuildTheWall.  It's finished.  Will anyone report it?
Hi Barbara. Well done! Are there pictures?
So Mexico is paying, right?
Spending $20,000 on a wall that can be defeated by a shovel, ladder, c4, RPG, grenade, catapult, circus monkey, trampoline, and a boat.
Stop it my sides are aching...hahahahHHHhHHHHHHahahahahahahahHHhahahah
Can't they just fly over it? @realDonaldTrump
WAY TO MAKE THE MEXICANS PAY #MAGA #BuildThatWall
How much are  you personally contributing to this wall. Our border is fine!
Thank you and the Republican leadership for finally honestly telling the American people that we (not Mexico) are paying for the Wall.
A wall to keep the Russian out needs to be built around the Trump Crime Family
Wonderful.can't wait.I live 50 miles from the Border
Eminent Domain.
Excellent!!!  #MAGA
Build the wall!
Wall & Voter Registration ID would pay for themselves saving LIVES & $$$.
Traitor Dem-Lite GOPe, Congress, SCOTUS asking for Civil War II.
Is this the wall Mexico was supposed to pay for?
Good! Let's move forward.
Can I get a Hell Yeah!?
#MAGA #AmericaFirst 
#russian_asset has boner for dumb projects. Just look at his college and casino's.

WOOHOO!! 
I thought Mexico was paying for it, O Pompous Orange Buffoon?
are they taking the money away from the Obamacare?
GOOD
#MAGA Build that Wall
Business is business the wall goes up Making America Great and Stronger Thank you Mr President
Add that to the long list of winnings!
Also - tax payers will pay for wall
BUILD THAT WALL
YESSSSS
