@toxiclittleboy doesnt have a job so she doesnt understand things like taxes and the problems with ObamaCare
"had" and its relevant when Obamacare is being talked about honestly
if he repeals obamacare it will move ppl into an open competitive market w/more options better than Gov forcing its watered down version HC
As I always said let Trump fail and then we can come together and fix the mess. Stay tuned!
The mess Obama made?
Exactly what mess are you referring to? 
Dude. You have a duty to faithfully execute the laws of the United States. Obamacare is the law of the land
He misunderstands the meaning of the phrase "to faithfully execute..."
Just like you run your businesses, right? Let others suffer so you can reap the benefits later. Is this why you went bankrupt 6 times?
You'll willing to kill thousands of Americans because a black man's name is on a major piece of legislation. SAD!
On the campaign trail trump boasted that he had a plan that would cover everyone at a fraction of the cost. Was  trump's plan FAKE NEWS?
I keep wondering about this. He said he had great plans but wouldn't specify what they were. Because he had nothing.
What are we staying tuned for,another crazy episode of Trump can't fix America  what time is that coming on ? Lol 
@maddow @MSNBC @Impeach_D_Trump  when your kid nails it @funnyordie
DAB 
No, you always said you’d deliver cheaper coverage for everyone.
Of course, if you always take both sides of an argument, you always win. Now I understand.
What I want to know is why was it the biggest problem getting my dad (20yr USMC Vet) taken care of at a hospital other than the VA


You said repeal and REPLACE did you forget? It is going to be sooo wonderful soooo cheap total winning
As we the people have said, let you be convicted of treason and then come together and destroy the evil GOP. Stay woke!

#TrumpRussia #TREASON
If Obama Care was so bad then what's taking you so long to do another one?
Or you can fix it so people can keep their health care, and people who don't have health care can get it.  Or is that too logical?
#DopeyDonald knows all about failing. Sad! #NotMyPresident #SoCalledPresident #UnPresidented #ImpeachTrump #PutinPuppet #RussiaGate
bruh lets get tickets and start a petition to bring back the guillotine for a 24 hour period
Where is your killer instinct, Mr President?  Find it. Use it. Fire those who cant help you
You have not always said that, Donnie. 
Trump Translator: As I have always said I'm a staunch Democrat - I mean Republican and I've always loved - I mean hated Hillary Clinton
Obamacare is not failing-try listening to the experts for once. As far as YOUR replacement plan, you have not been very successful, have you
Compassion in this tweet: 0%
"Do" a great healthcare plan. Is grammar even a thing anymore..?
Spoken like a true LOSER that can't except he is truly a failure, a fraud and a traitor to our #UnitedStates
Democrats created ACA to fail and force Single Payer on America Created an entitlement and GOP wrestling with fix  Pre existing demand Care
#KEEPFIGHTING  Mr #POTUSTrump  America is behind you
I find it amazing that people still believe anything you say despite your complete failure to deliver on campaign promises. #ImpeachTrump
Because President Obama is everything #BenedictDonald WISH he was but knows he will NEVER be.
Err.. so Mr. Trump… If you are such a great person to build from ruins… who is going to do that after your presidency comes to an end?
Lmao it was all about "repeal and replace" till you guys realized writing bills is hard.
a great health care plan would be where us working class people would nit get fucked by the insurance agencies.
Why can't Medicaid expansion, everyone fighting over, just be decreased incrementally to protect poor & lower income cap from $85k?
Hear that scraping sound Donald? The guillotine blades are being sharpened!  Maybe on your last day you can wear a beige male romper!
We all agree let it fail
"Stay tuned"? This isnt a tv show, there are real lofe consequences for your ambivlence and stupidity

make Congress live under the law by eliminating their illicit health care subsidies. The President can make this happen.
The ACA was not failing before you cheated your way into office. You and repugs and expressing a false narrative.ACA GOOD
Paraphrasing Donald-tweeter:
'As I have always said, let TrumpAdmin fail & then come together and get a great administration. Stay tuned!'
It's all about you isn't it...let Obamacare fail and you fail millions of Americans...oh yeah you work for Putin!
Pretty obvious you don't care about those who will "fall through the cracks" until "Replace" comes about (if ever)!
Your health care plan is shit.
Republicans are nothing but screw ups
Yeah, no, have you REALLY ALWAYS said that? Hey, look! I learned that caps thing from you.
Putin has you by the 
OBAMACARE failing means thousands will die w/o health insurance, oh by the way it's the same plan legislators voted to keep for themselves
HEADS UP TRUMP SUPPORTERS. Here it is. In his own words. He WANTS you to be without HealthCare. You're sayingPremiums2Hi.TryNO HEALTHCARE!
I don't even want a Pres as awful as you to fail. How could you want a law to fail- to hurt the economy and Americans? #shamefulMr.President
Negotiate to slash drug costs. Keep ins companies in. Stand up to the crazies. Be the hero who makes healthcare work.
Please repeal and don't replace. Not the job of Federal government.
So let's kill as many people as possible and we won't have to worry anymore.

At least we know where you really stand.
Sign an executive order to put members of congress on ObamaCare and see how fast they put a good healthcare plan together.
U did not always say that you liar. What do U think will happen to repeal w.out replace the poor will suffer and  we know you don't care
He's so stupid he doesn't see the end even as he's driving over the cliff
Brilliant. Let ACA fail and the GOP will rightfully get the blame.  #Idiot #NotMyPresident
Wife just started chemo, if ACA fails, we will be dropped, treatment will end. People will die. That is not a plan, it is evil.
I agree. Let the bums fall flat on their faces, but forget a healthcare plan. Keep the govt out of health care.

And screw everyone who already have ACA? That's cruel!
This is the white hope of White Racist and Nationalist America, instead of sharing in Am Bounty they want to Dominate, we must defeat them
"Pardon" me but I believe you're what's failing.
What about the 32 million people
You are a mean bully jerk! It's a shame you #lied to your supporters! They will suffer. #jealousofObama #meanboy #jerk #NotMyPresident
Donald: tell us what this "great plan" is--how do you expect Dems to support it when it's done behind closed doors?!
If you do that, many Americans are deliberately hurt. A replacement must be ready to go! You're in this. Own it!
All these replies are super cringe. I love reading them
America used to be such a great country to look to - but not anymore. What a shame 
Seriously, what kind of piece of shit are you that you want the healthcare of millions to fail??
Sounds good, lmk when u have more info. x
I'm loving all your replies, @MSCsen84 to @realDonaldTrump! I second all of them!
Maybe he'll block me! #lifegoal #seeyouincourt #fakePOTUS
See you almost have it, but then you keep going too far. 
Just #Repeal we don’t need a replacement that’s what free markets are for.
Obama care will NOT fail. RESIGN!!
Do that! Don't listen to anyone else in the WH. Follow your own instincts!
THE NEW HEALTHCARE NAME SUGGESTION IS THE              PEOPLES CHOICE
Actions by a sitting president in opposition to a standing constitutional law are treasonous under his oath of office.
Republicans don't care if America's die. They only care about their billionaire Masters like Stone, Koch and Mercer. Money is their God.
"Stay tuned while I try and figure something or cause I'm totally bullshitting this whole thing right now but no one can tell... right?"
nothing screams true dickhead like letting someone fail and then white knighting it to look far superior
you have aggressively done every thing you could to destroy Obamacare! No matter the cost to Americans
Any senator that votes in favor of this bullshit repeal plan, needs to be voted out at first opportunity!
Yeah it's $12.00 a year
Fool
Why wouldn't you have a real replacement ready before you repeal the ACA? Is it that you don't care about others suffering?
I don't think that word always means what you think that it means
It is not what you always said.  Everyone covered, great plan, cheaper, day one. That is the latest line of BS you laid on all of us
As you have always said....That's the damn problem!!
It'll never fail, you just want your name on everything. Isn't being president enough? We're still waiting on "America to be great again"

Maybe you should think about the people of the US instead of your ego. Put the people first instead of your hatred of Obama.
LET IT FAIL OR LET ME JUST NOT PAY THE BILLS AND LET IT FAIL. OR A QUICKER WAY TO KILL PEOPLE, WOULD BE TO LET IT FAIL. WORK WITH THE DEMS.
Good Idea...Leave it alone without saboutaging it and if it fails it fails... But it might also WORK.
What's the update? Think I deserve to know!!
It seems like you don't care. You are a power hungry  person . Your reign will soon come to an end
Democrats are blind sheep and Republicans have just a few non-team players, RINOs, just enough for Democrats to block all, remember them!
It better not be Government run Care!!
So awesome how willing you are to sell out Americans to get your way! How many will die for your toddler tantrum?
This is so stupid!!!! 

RT @realDonaldTrump: As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together ... http://tmi.me/1fjdNg 
He's not intelligent enough to recognize the vast difference between health insurance and life insurance, so...
How many ppl does it take to figure out we r being poisoned? Not my reality, Elite who think we r ants in giant test tube, given diseases!
How many hospitals, walk-in clinic, online doctors, speciality Drs. Do we need, take the crap food, water, air and let us live w/o medical!
Maybe take the freaking poisons out of our environment and only healthcare needed would be trauma doctors??? OMG, then Amer. wold collapse!
As far as I can tell, eating the crap we have to eat, drinking the water we have to drink and breathing chemtrails, who wold need healthcare
Yes, but what if our healthcare, doesn't care abt health, so far the gov. hasn't, still Chemtrails death  We may need to stop this???
Follow Putin's desire and Destroy Democracy and the return to unhacked and rigged Elections that were Free and Fair!
Only the 81k Likes onTrump's panel want 73 Million Americans to DROP DEAD. They are traitors to America and its Goodness. They want to
Free market works let insurance companies offer policies they want
Congress has spent so much of our $$ fighting, bashing Obamacare instead of fixing it. They've had years to have a plan in place. Outrageous
Wanting ADA to fail is wanting Americe to fail.  Intentionally causing it to fail is arguably treason.
If a horse's ass could talk...
Trump should let his base know that "Obamacare" is the same as the Affordable Care Act". Many cheer the death of their own plan and not know
"It’s a strategy designed to test the opposition’s capacity to absorb  human& political suffering. It’s one Trump has the power to  pursue"
45 is a complete baffoon
When can you admit health care is way over your head. You have not been supportive to any American. It's all been for tax breaks to the rich
How can you kill Millions of Americans? You should be Shameful.
That is not what you 'always said. 'You said you would not let us go without healthcare. You are a bald-faced liar.
At this pt, having failed 2 defeat Obamacare, I fear Repub Congress will get blame in '18. Hope U give #GrahamCassidy a chance. NOW is time.
Know what I like to do when people come together? Play Bob Marley and open a bottle of cheap wine.
If you can do a great health care plan, why aren't you doing it? Fart of the Deal. #25thAmendmentNow
I will continue to pray for you and the misguided people who voted for you. I will stay tuned to the investigation.
Typical money launderer's mentality...
pretend failure, get rich. Show us your taxes, Donald.
Your great health care plan is death. The American people deserve better than your bullshit. #WeWillResist #StrongerTogether #ITMFA™ #RESIST
#MedicareForAll
Didn't you say you will create a plan that"costs less, covers more& be incredibly easy" where's THAT plan? Get OUT THERE & sell it to people
Kick Meuller and his band of thieves to the curb!
You are being petty. You are being small. You are not being presidential at all.
Good old boys Network would not give Republican woman want they want?
In other words: YOU LOSE.
Why don't you stop repealing it and fix the things you don't like about it. How about letting the people decide.
Why don't you just address the parts of the ACA that need fixing instead of creating Trump care?
WHEN DID YOU SAY THIS ...... WAS IT WHILE YOU WERE COMMITING TREASON, LYING OR LINING YOUR POCKETS AND YOUR LYING KIDS POCKETS.....LIAR!!!!!
I'm sure you've said to let America fail too so that your destructive choices look normal in comparison #TrumpmakesAmericalast
What do you mean "stay tuned"? You were pushing for a repeal hours ago! You would have come up with something if you knew anything about HC
Heartless
Are you on a commercial break? Reality break?
Stop mandating that everybody enroll in medicare or they lose social security benefits. Dr. gets  out of medicare.
Let go of your ego and make health insurance accessible instead of a financial nightmare.
Do you hear yourself? You are despicable. A danger to the American people, as well as to the rest of the world.
You are a raring narcissist and a traitor God help you
Creating a bankruptcy, death panel for millions of Americans is not "a great healthcare plan." Repeal with no replace even worse.
What kind of leader of the people would take healthcare away from someone who needs it just to satisfy their own agenda??
Please get rid of Obama Care. It's like having no insurance. Let's just start over from scratch. PLEASE
Be the Leader, you have the stage, fix the ACA, don't wait for it to fail. Be the LEADER!
Spoken like a true leader.
#impeachandreplace
You are sick and evil man donald trump. Your crimes WILL be revealed and you will be haunted by them for all of time.
I'm staying tuned!  Does this mean I get a tune-up while watching toons?
You got that backwards. You are the president & CIC of these UNITED states and the military sworn to protect their citizens. Act like it.
Hey, sorry, was walking Coco. Last we spoke,you said you'd replace it. Can't find msgs where you said it should fail. Pls forward? Thx!
To DO a great healthcare plan? Maybe next time try: to write or to create... and then actually trying caring about the impact on US lives.
A decent person would be ashamed! This is people's lives! Not a negotiation. Let it fail = let Americans die. Is that clear enough?
Well, you are an expert when it comes to letting things fail, I'll grant you that.
I thought you had one president* #heelspurs? Yet another lie? You are truly pathetic.
Ahhhhh..So your plan failed tremendously and THIS is your back-up plan? Good call... #stoptalking
Oh bullshit! You said "Repeal & Replace" thousands of times and only you could solve it! Your mouth wrote worthless checks. BAFFOON
Yeah, I have the video where YOU sabotaged Obama care because of jealousy of Obama and you will let Americans die. You are utter EVIL!
