Yeah your'e right you are dishonest.
POTUS = Pussy or tits; unashamedly sexist (and racist and stupid and totally fake).
NoRooM4FAKEBAKENEWSLOOSE SANDRACULLENSCVPXO
SoTrueMuchTrue
SandraCullENSCXOVP
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look ...
FAKE president
What do you know about fake news @realDonaldTrump except that u like to create it w/no facts . U still owe @BarackObama an apology. #ConMan

Would you expext anything less than from these liberal talking head mouth peices, there pethetic
BLACK AMERICANS WAKE UP! Th media is biased! They edit&censor! Trump is for ALL Americans! He may be a lot of things, but he is NOT racist!
So breibart is fake news. You use to like them. They don't like you now ha ha ha
Attempting to discredit the media will NOT save your corrupt ass! #FAKEPOTUS #RACIST #NATIONALCLOWN
I'm sick of media disclosing all our business to the whole planet. Who else does that ? Stupid media. They'd broadcast the launch codes.
You need to quit calling news " Fake" that are correct. You are the king of distorting and manipulating facts. We are not stupid!
You're past, plans and actions are clearly sinister.
Ducks you
#gonnastartwwIII
Notmypresident
Screw you trump
Duck you trump
Did anyone mention Debbie Wasserman and the Pakistan IT connection to the Democrats? Debbie does Pakistan will obliterate the Democrats. LOL
Why did u feed the fire
Hahaha
Pretty cozy there with your best friend Putin.  Very cozy?
Breaking news Sir
You follow the steps of every tyrant before. Attack the press. YOU are on TV. As God is your witness you said. Liar! He will JUDGE you.
The are not fare losers minister President Trump. But stupide fools have no respect jou ! Rieki Peters. Netherlands
America is in big trouble. You even bankrupted CASINOS! IF you love America like you say, RESIGN. In WAY over your head.
Sick of you screaming FAKE NEWS. FAKE PRESIDENT is more like it. You've gone through life HURTING PEOPLE. Launder any money lately? 󾓬
Here Donald. The declassified version WE got. You & PRESIDENT Obama got the classified version https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/ICA_2017_01.pdf …
You slipped off for over an hour w/your partner in crime, Putin. You ARE the epitome of sinister. Stuff nightmares are made of.
If I've learned anything this year it's don't trust American news! Bad agenda. Misleading. Propoganda. Lies. Go Trump!
Fight the good fight POTUS!  Americans smell the stench of bad news. CBS NBC and that other one. WOLF BLITZER is a puppet. I support TRUMP.
nigga the ppl who say that roblox is trash is fake news
Maybe it's because you are a fake president.
Still stuck on stupid huh!?!
mom says you are so mean and Mooch is sick, so i can only come visit you if there is an adult present..

your new friend, 

pickles
And you make it seem more and more sinister all the time. You know how you can make this go away? Cooperate with the Special Counsel.
Trump is dump
this is the most retarded sentence ever
Bc u have no honest agenda...stop pretending
It's hilarious and liberal resist trolls on Twitter are a joke... "small percentage"
Thank you, President Trump so grateful that you took on this job when you did not have to!! #MAGA Sir  God Bless You &America!!!
Stop cribbing, Mr. President. Relax. The world loves you like a train wreck. So accept the reality. Go forth. Ruin the world. All the best!
Liberals are committing all the crimes and nobody gets indicted or jailed.Republicans cant even speak on the sts without thugs attacking the
@FoxNews @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @PressSec @SHSanders45 @KellyannePolls @Scaramucci #FakePresident #LiarInChief #FakeNewsMedia
When r they going to indict or bring Lynch,Comey and Hillary before Congress.We can get Obama at a later time.There's many more Liberals
It's not only Russians his family making decisions about our lives not right
Trump will sale off America piece by piece to the Russians
He calls it fake news so his supporters will continue to believe his lieing mouth
Fake is you Donald Trump
Have you looked in the mirror... you are the poster boy for dishonesty
Anything you or your family does is sinister. Every one of you is no more than a con artist. If your lips are moving, you are lying
President Trump just ignore it, your feeding into it the more you tweet.
Mr. President, it seems that we have quite a large group of liberal pansy trolls here. Makes me calculate how many steps to the bathroom.
There are no degrees of dishonest. Can't be a little dishonest. Can't have a little cancer. Can't be very unique. It is or it isn't.
If the president who gives a shit about your Public Image at this point
It is sickening what the media is doing to your family. God has chosen you and will see you through. God bless you sir.
That's why it is called fake news 
No one said it was sinister. You are for suckin on Putins nuts. U just had to ask him to not release those blackmale docs. U like lil girls
@realDonaldTrump - all kidding aside, do you not see that everything you do looks sinister?  Years of being a jerk to people will do that...
You are the king of mendacity. How can we trust a man like you? Sad!!!

Mr President you are my hero
TRY TO IGNORE THE DISGUSTING FAKE MEDIA.THEY WILL ALWAYS SAY HORRIBLE THINGS ABOUT YOU.BUT AMERICANS KNOW BETTER.THATS WHA T MATTERS MOST
It's like watching the king of fake news Alex Jones on obama
Make Congress use the healthcare they pass for us!  Not their platinum plans that we pay for!  Send McCain to the VA in Phoenix!
Make Congress use the healthcare they implement for the rest of us!  Not their platinum plan we pay for!
Well that's because it's in every spy film you can't blame that on fake news.
Probably because it is you pos potus
the only thing fake is you but the world knows that you don't
What're you guys discussing?? How your families are doing?? Lmao
Oh thank goodness, I saw some sinister news saying trans people weren't allowed to serve any more. Glad that was fake news!
YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT. NOT AN "INTERNET SENSATION". Get it together...MANAGEMENT OF DTJ...take his phone. FUCK!
Guilty conscience Donny? If you're not hiding anything don't be so paranoid
Something tells me that the Germans think you suck
We have a fake President....
Can you define your definition of fake news? Does it mean they portray you in a bad light? You are such a SAD has-been....
Fake president
Dude. This didn't come from any "Fake News," you perverter of the 1st Amendment. It came from foreign diplomats & we both know who
Hang in there yu are doing the best yu can do with all the knuckleheads in washington
If you are in, its fucking sinister.
But you're the one who has been proven to have lied all the way to the white house... You should be ashamed of yourself.
Sessions is a HERO. Trump is a ZERO.
I can't believe this a legitimate thought a mostly-coherent human being had in 2017. Did you sleep on the stupid side of the pillow?
Ok, it's called "Fake News" for a reason.
THE ONLY SINISTER PERSON , ITS YOU. 
WAKALA!!!
the only fake news is the news that you tweet every morning because you don't have a clue what you're talking about
You are so obviously self serving and are approaching zero in credibility. Yes- fake news is a problem- shut down FOX before it's too late!!
Sir, in the photo line up of the top 20 leaders why didn't they put you in the front and center? Appalling disarray 
You're presidency is as fake as milanias love for you.

So sorry that Media is picking on you
MSM is the Enemy of the American Citizens.
What about all these Clinton connected murders  does anyone care why?
hey egghead, Obama put the oomphf in the economy, and you are the wrecking ball!
The only sinister thing there was YOU!
You are fake news. Watch some documentaries on Netflix and you will learn a few things about your "friends". Haha!
Welcome to the jungle.
Several years ago, Putin and his team persuaded you to run for president in exchange for funding, money, favor and future collusion.
Actually it was called the G19 summit because diaper don attended
Go Mr. President!!
Tell media listeners to call GOP representatives to get off the stick. Dick Morris has Facebook page that backs you. Healthcare one of topic
when I feel depressed I think that our president is Mr. Trump and I feel good
Use the radio internet  media to do mini town hall meetings to push GOP POLITICIANS to remember their promises encourage listeners to call
it doesn't look sinister it is sinister stupid!
Take it one day at a time .your my #1president sir.
Pres. Trump please watch what your saying. Obamacare has been out for 7 years not 17
please work things out with AG. Your frustration  is understanding, but he should stay on, open Clinton investigation.
Luv u
Don't fire Jeff Sessions! He has always had your back.
If you fire Jeff Sessions, you are a fool. He has been one of the best people to have your back.
Fake president
all your tweets are fake news ......better go back to WWF and get slapped by some fake hits from a wrestler......at the good old times
No 45- you make a scheduled dinner look sinister when you cuddle up to Putin.
Perhaps you should see a dermatologist, your skin is way too thin.
UNTRUE! The dinner was known and reported as planned event. The surprise was your ~1 hr chat re Russian "adoptions" (code for "sanctions").
Lolllllll no one likes you
Impeach Trump 2017
Did Vladimir use protection?
Sam for south Africa. The media houses make the Corrupt ANC look like the good guys. Fuck them. Meanwhile south Africa is still fucked.
Fuck fake news. I personally believe nothing on the news nowadays.
Manchurian media set up 2 make u look bad due to truth being known by US citizens.Electronic torture, human tracking thru implants,HELP US!!
Your deplorable behavior has caused all of this! You are a nazi dictator who has a temper tantrum because we have laws to stop your behavior
Please IMPEACH crooked Trump is to dumb to be President.  Be longs in MENTAL INSTITUTION   QUICK!!!!
The @DNC @RNC continues to wag the dog over this fake RUSSIA connection.
They have nothing else until they make-up something new.

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
Why?  You are under handed, deceitful, "wining at any & all costs" is your motto. You continue to prove this and it is dishonest w/all of it
Umm probably because if it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck it probably is a duck
No comment!!!
Nice move, keep your friends close and your enemies closer ;)
Just be a little more kind, charming to the media. They are angry because you were pretty much rude to everyone.
When a turd is running the country everything stinks.
Us americans would love to see you arrest these guys
Us true americans will love to see you arrest these guys with the sanctuary city who want to destroy our citys!!!
anything involving you is sinister #NotMyPrez #FeedTheSwampThing
Mr. President forget about those clowns just keep kicking them in the teeth every time, by moving forward.
It's only sinister if you're there
The news didn't make it sinister. You did by collaborating with Putin - who is in a cyber war with the USA & The Rest of the World. #Resist
Your @Twitter handle should be FakeNewsFighter™
& don't use my name. #Sinister
Fake News as you correctly refer to is only watched by libs and Dims and Rinos and special interest. Your voters don't believe them.
Well it will get more dishonest because fake news always comes from the white house, Donald you need to stop publishing Fake News
Fake news?! Fake president!
Crazy
Fake News is a figment of your fascist agenda. Keep feeding that Kool-Aid to those not very bright Trumpsters, they love it.
Because ur Soo dishonest, U R the biggest lier in the world.
They have to match the BS that our president is pushing out to the masses! You are the biggest fake @realDonaldTrump
... This coming from the FAKE PRESIDENT???
The best thing is don't engage! But keep tweeting zingers that drive them crazy . I  MY PRESIDENT
Can't we arrest George Soros? His $$$ paying for the violence and chaos!  HAND HIM OVER TO RUSSIA. PUTIN WILL HANDLE HIM!
The #msm CNN msdnc all just seem extremely desperate, confused even...propaganda is really hard maybe they should go back to just real news
