dead civilians = not a failure? wow. #notmypresident
Please stop lying about your botched raid. Your incompetence also cost the lives of innocent women and children.
how is that any difficult from Obama?
In this case, @realDonaldTrump was told that Obama WOULD NOT HAVE cleared the mission. Otherwise, two wrongs....
Obama killed her brother six years ago. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abdulrahman_al-Awlaki …
As I said, two wrongs don't make a right...
Change the record and argue against Trump more effectively (which isn't difficult). The posted image is a bit silly too.
As I said, two wrongs don't make a right...
You aren't very good at this are you?
Since you've been here all we've done is lose. The only winning is when you take credit for something OBAMA did. SAD!
Besides, HOW MANY DIED IN WWII?  We consider that a win on our behalf, right?  McCain is a tool.
McCain should resign. Hey snowflakes, I'll come to you so you can tell me your anti-military and @POTUS comments.
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and sta...
honestly I expect nothing else from McCain the traitor.
You are a loser and you cost the life of an American 100 times a better man and 1000 times the patriot that you are.
by winning, do u mean getting in bed with Putin?
def a failure. The leader targetted is still alive. U killed a US soldier, 14 civilians, and an 8 year old US citizen ...
President Trump has changed the course of America. We are winners, not losers. Don't let Sen McCain's negativity take over!
Certain Americans prefer being whinners vs winners. So be it.
this country was amazing until you caused anger and divided it. You will cause #ww3! Our @POTUS is #sad #resist #RESISTANCE
just WOW....
.@realDonaldTrump I'll take McCains word on successful military ops, a veteran who has been a POW, over yours.
McCain has proven to be a lying liberal pos
Proof? Evidence?
When did the winning start?  This operation sounds a lot like Benghazi.  Did you have adequate intel before authorizing?
#TrumpYouAreALoser 
You will continue to lose
you killed 30 civilians, an American child, and lost a SEAL. That's a terrorist attack, not a win.
We would win "bigly"  when you are impeached.
Grow up. Be an adult. Your lunatic is showing.
Then quite making your clothing line in CHINA AN TJ ,
And give the American people the job of making your stuff ,
Obama got bin Laden, you got the U.S. military kicked out of Yemen. Winning! #impeachtrump

what's a trool?
@vicberger Trump cant grow facial hair, Low testosterone ! Sad!
Lucky, those small hands would struggle with a razor.
Don't want to overcharge your android device?
Spammer!
Ryan served heroically regardless of the mission's success or failure. We don't win just because you say we have.
Time for you to #resign #liar #sociopath
You are going too far now. You don't get to casually tweet about a fallen soldier.. Shameful.
St. Mattis!!!!
kendinize dikkat edin halkın desteğini kaybetmeyin unutmayın tek güç millettir
@POTUS no compren nada de la entenada ivanna trump q se vayan a tomar por el trasero
I agree 100%
deep r spect for our fallen and none for your cavalier dinner table decision.  Your Obama moment of glory backfired.
I beg you....please stop tweeting!
You wouldn't have any clue as you were in the residence prancing around in your bathrobe.  You hair was mess I here.
Smart and winning means smart power and its judicious use Sir; not brashness
send your kids into danger and then tell me if this mission was a success.
We're you watching Get Smart last night?
a 9 yr old publicvideo and did not get target. Mattis said that after you urged him. You killed ppl w/o enough intelligence
up is down and down is up in your world? Take your meds!
. @realDonaldTrump is insulting a war hero again. He will pay bigly.
his service doesn't make him infallible in perpetuity.
I support you 100% keep up the good work I know you are for America even tho the snowflakes tweeting without a brain don't. Snowflakes funny
Murderer
So you think a 72 yr old is going to change their ways...lol...you're adorable 
Obama gave billions to a terrorist country. Don't trust his people he appointed to any government position
That was Iran’s money to begin with!
what about the Kid...and Other innocent people ???? You suck trump boooooo
so much winning, so little time
just keep lying to yourself. Or is this what #PresidentBannon tells you at bedtime to make you feel better.
he and others died for your ego. You're a horrible horrible person.
and the Hindenburg was a successful trip.
who won?
AMEN.
- "losing so long" is PURE BS, produced in your D-world! McCain has taken wins & loses like a man - which YOU CAN'T DO!
That's going to be hard with a loser as POTUS. #LoserInChief Even the Scotts think so-wait I mean Scottish!
what is it about wars that keeps u awake at night? U ever think about doing positive things ?
30 children killed, 1 SEAL, and you missed your target? That is winning? Who are you Charlie Sheen?
He didn't die on a winning mission. YOU killed him. You thought it was a pissing contest with Obama and KILLED a NAVY SEAL!
#FAIL
To label a mission where a SEAL loses their life as winning is asinine. Have you no morals. #despicable #URtheSwamp #leave
lie lie lie lie LIE
You,a draft dodger sent him to his death. YOU ARE a failure in so many ways!
Oh please #tinyhands, the majority of Americans know you fucked up, and it was a failed mission. No point lying. We KNOW.
he died because you bumbled the mission!
@SenJohnMcCain logic of lives/equipment loss = mission failure means WWII was also
Wouldn't want to tell WWII vets that!
It is shameful in any context regarding sacrifice of our military who serve(d)
What the fuck do you care about soldiers? You hired a man who planned attacks against US Marines. @realDonaldTrump
by killing pregnant women and young children? you really call that winning???
...I wonder if Navy SEAL William Owens family thinks mission was a "success"?
soldier killed, innocents including an American child killed, Yemen banned US ground raids going forward: abysmal failure.
our hero should never have been sent on that mission. His blood is on your hands.
we will start winning when you are no longer number 45! Do America a favor and #resign #resist
hey, Get Smart reruns...best watched in a bathrobe
How dare a sitting US President trifle w/loss of life this way!! Horrified!! Everything is NOT about you!!
because  of your  incompetent  actions a family lost a son.  Shame on you, S.O.b.
Start winning again? We have yet to start winning anything with you in charge
His death is on you, and you alone. You signed off on it.
apparently we can just say we're winning and that makes it so.
wow...yet again acting like a schoolyard bully instead of a president.
.... damn right it is!!!
Grading on a Trump University curve, are you
you promised winning then you lost a helicopter, a navy SEAL, and all credibility.
because you have the attention span of a gnat, a member of the armed services and many civilians died.  Investigate
Stop sending troops to die on missions with half-baked intelligence.
I'm sure that Hero Ryan, is glad to have died in a winning mission. Maybe trump is delusional, but not fake news.
1997 interview w/ Stern,"I feel like a great and very brave soldier." bcuz u, supposedly, didn't get an STD in the 70's.
Tell us about your "glorious" military service. Oh, sorry, I forgot about that "foot thing".
sad when a presidents celebrates a death of a soldier. Declaring it was a winning mission.
Same mission Obama wouldn't approve because he is way smarter than you?
why is that the biggest coward on the block talks the talk Trump is a draft dogger. Prove us wrong send your to fight
every time you loose an American life is automatically , A FAILURE ! And more when 30 innocent humans die ! including kids
Ryan died in a poorly planned mission (according to Ryan), not a "winning mission". Time to get a smart President again 
which of the Obama staff signed off on your failed mission? The answer is none. But keep producing lies: history remembers.
Hmm.  Trump lost twice in court.  Ivanka lost to Nordstrom.  Doesn't sound like winning to me.
You botched it big time!
the mission was a failure. You failed to get your target, you lost men & equipment, & you killed CHILDREN! #TotalFailure
USA is loosing because you are the President, PLEASE RESIGN AND GO LIVE IN RUSSIA YOU TERRIBLE LITTLE MAN
Understand you HAD to say this. Still sad you did. U.S. has to kick their habit of  slaughtering OTHER people's children..
In addition to Ryan, several women and children also died. Pls stop murdering civilians in botched ops
what would you be saying if that were YOUR son? Oh, wait, they would never serve...
John McCain needs to resign. His statement was horrible. Why didn't he say anything like that under OBummer
US soldier dead, civilians dead, old computers seized, target got away. Sounds like failure to me.
Slaughtering 30 civilians, an 8-year-old US child & a SEAL, +being banned from Yemen doesn't sound like a success. #Idiot
you call the death of 1 of our own, and killing innocent kids a "winning mission"? Where's your strive to do better? SMH
How about you get smart and don't kill people?
U didn't even bother 2 go thru proper channels generals appealed 2 your ego U took bait. The Fox = generals & the Crow = U
Cool! When are you resigning? That'll be a major win for every nation.
May God bless Ryan and his family.Sincere condolences to them.May God shed some grace on the ungrateful.
You failed Ryan, his family and made a huge mess for nothing.
Why not try showing love instead of hate and fear??
The United Nations is to protect other Countries, and they are not. WHY? @MargotBirckhead
1. What did we win? 2. A truly successful mission is one where everyone comes homes to their love ones. Wake up.
Where you lost a 90 million dollar plane and killed women and children and a navy seal. Yep, sounds like a great success.
Also, using a soldier's death to stroke your own ego is, IMO, reprehensible, regardless of circumstances.
dying is not winning it's an L no matter what an honorable one if the mission achieved the objective Only u & God knows
Ryan died because you neglect to inform yourself! You are not as smart as you think Conald the Destroyer!!!
It's a failure, the guy you were after is in the wind, you missed and donald FAILED.
The target escaped, and you killed a bunch of innocent children, adults, and one American soldier. Not a success!
the buck stops with you, you lost a 72 million $ aircraft and lives. Mission not accomplished. Failure.
act like a human being,at least pretend publicly to regret killing women and children. And  for loss of our brave warrior
it was a loss. You are the failure.
WE were winning b 4 u! Stock 7K to 20K. Unemployment 10% 2 a tad over 4%. GAS 2.35 natl average. Deficit reduced! #potus45
#faux45 killed this soldier! 2 busy @ dinner to get the real info on raid! His death and this loss is on ur head!
Gen Mattis never said "winning". man who dodged military service putting words in mouth of General...impudence...sad.
He was a seal ,he knew consequences, Just as everyone serving or has served
In fact the operative you were after in Yemen is now making fun of you on the air.
Just because you call it a winning mission, doesn't make it so. Get your head out of the sand. It was a collossal failure.
America has had this illusion for years. Winning as seen through the Holywood lens. We are all winning in our own ways.
You tried to pull an Obama and failed miserably. He got Osama bin Laden. You didn't use your head. Blood on your hands.
, 
President Trump, I believe the CIA is deliberately thwarting your administration.
time for 45 to be impeached
So Ryan won what?
you're irresponsible actions resulted in the death of CPO Ryan and numerous children and other civilians.
SEALS DONT DIE ON WINNING MISSIONS.   Why dont you give it up.  Before we all die.  Please.
you killed someone's son..this isn't a video game
USA will NEVER be smart with you at the helm!
America will start winning again when you dictator trump is out of office !
not with you we won't. You are nothing more than a low class conman in an expensive suit.
