Please I want to acquire nationality American please. ...
What Are U Going TO Rally? OR R U Goning To Talk To AmeeiKkka. About What U R Doing. Oh Yeah Show UR Taxes
JABS, JABS, JABS 
Make America Great Again 
Please please please name an article or source so we can prove you you how delusional you in-fact are.
Big progress? Like the GE plant in Waukesha moving to Canada? The only person spouting fake news is you.
when Ronald Reagan was president he become the president not actor Ronald Reagan. But trump is rude and disrepectful
Everybody would love him everywhere if he was halfway decent and didn't lie all the time. Grow up.
You meant to say, "my super, very very nice supporters on Fox and Friends. You should see their IQ's. I have the papers. Bigly!"
Yay!!! Bring it on!!! Safe Travels!
Anchorman Tlump speaking... you applied for the wrong job. Check if FoxNews has vacancy... #WorstPresidentEver #Covfefe
What's the REAL news???
Your running around does not create jobs.
Because news isn't slanted towards your ego doesn't make it fake. Remember that.
Being fake makes it fake!
how about you quit wasting tax dollars flying around work on cutting our taxes so we can live and build the economy.

LIAR!!!
How is it that Paul got shoved to the top ? Manipulation much hey? Clear evidence of how the bots made it!!! The ole Pepe!!!

You're all TALK,TALK,TALK!
Draft Dodger Nazi Sympathizer Trump can't because of his little tiny footsies
You're wrong Trump was http://drafted.Today  coward who never served w family who's never seeved,tries to block those who want to serve.
No. Ask your niece.A deferment keeps you frm being drfted.2day, #draftdodger coward attmpts 2 prevent people who want to serve from serving.
LET ME TYPE REAL SLOW. TRUMP WAS DRATED, PRESIDENT CLINTON WAS http://NOT.You  have to be dated to be a draft dodger.Ask your niece.

MAKE MANUFACTURING GREAT AGAIN!
Blue collar workers have suffered from the false of globalism for far too long! NO MORE!
It is time to crack the whip and get Congress to accept Sec. Ross's letter of intent on NAFTA!  Their laziness are costing us jobs!
WI District 1, please do the country a huge favor and lobby .@SpeakerRyan into actually working for the COUNTRY, not his Wall St owners!
If he will not, VOTE HIM OUT &  .@pnehlen IN! The Speaker of the House is not doing his job, and it is past time he paid the consequences.
You are still in your own fantasy world. Wake up & smell the covfefe. Big fail about to happen! Talk is cheap these days. #Comeytapes
We are with you.....semper fi
You wouldn't know real news if it smacked you on your orange head.  #LockTrumpUp You in handcuffs... That'll be real great news...
and the bullshit meter reads a 15 on a scale of 10
How did we screw up and lose GE jobs? Wisconsin deserves better treatment
Shouting "jobs" doesn't make it true.
So does shouting collusion, it doesn't make it true!
Steve died a few years ago.
Too suitable for Trump and Cult 45 victims.
That doesn't matter if we don't have clean AIR, AIR, AIR.
Mcdonald's is hiring a lot of workers ? more lies from our FAKE President.
It's crazy 2 read some of these comments from radical leftists.They wait all day to reply to DTs tweets hoping/praying any1 would click like
You won that state but you don't represent most people in #Wisconsin. I love that state. don't F this up.

PS - its the 1 next to Minnesota
Still with the Loser talk... I use to respect u but  now u are just a little cry baby . He won move the fuck on...
thanks for the really informative tweet. Sorry if i offend you. I'll find you a safe space!! #SnowFlake
you dont offend me ... it's the point I listen to you for as long as u were in Miltown  and loved ur work... u r better than petty tweets
-crybaby
-loser
-fuck
-petty

got it.
We can review ur timeline for debatable words if you would like. Let's start with SnowFlake...my point is move on Mike. U r better than that
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is repo...
My President, it's embarrassing for your administration to allow Buhari gov't in Nigeria to wipe out the Biafrans who wants freedom.
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/06/07/100-congressmen-filing-lawsuit-stop-trumps-foreign-bribes/ …
and by "real news" he means Fox News. 
"Fox News" is part of Donald's favorite morning viewing habit, followed by reruns of Scooby Doo.
Please dont insult Scooby Doo
After a year no one knows the act ("collusion" but what specifically); what law it violates; what evidence, but there is AG recusal & a SC.
Obama's FBI/CIA/NSA saw no collusion; neither did Congress; POTUS never tried stopping the investigation per Comey. Why is there a Mueller?

60 SECONDS: The Sunday shows were a DISASTER for the #TrumpRussia theorists and Democrats. (It shows what a blow Comey was for them!) 
Comey Vindicates Trump Where it Matters Most https://medium.com/@YossiGestetner/comey-vindicated-trump-where-it-matters-most-8d4e7c33d26?source=linkShare-6e8610e03f7-1497360963 …

Feb 16: How Trump Can Restore Order in a Week
There's already about 600 vacancies in his WH. no one wants to take those jobs. 600 more would HALT government completely.
I was talking about those 600; they are mostly still held by Obama guys. Exactly my point. @KellyannePolls @Reince45
There are CURRENTLY 600 vacancies. That's happening now.
Keep tweeting us the news directly from the White House! You are the most accessible president of all time. A true leader of the people! 
then why did he block WH visitors log? Why make govt less transparent for its people?What would he be hiding?
You're thinking of Obama, June 16, 2009
Division and insults like that are what caused events that happened today. Let's debate politely without insults.
and I am making progress on your indictment for that dead skunk you call a  wig!
Takes one to know one!
what am i a mirror
Anywhere you don't have to talk about #Russia, huh.
What about carrier who played u for a fool. Took the tax cuts &still cutting jobs.  U are only here to help urself. Oh and Melania is a spy
Be safe God bless you, your team and family!
You haven't made any jobs jobs jobs
bullshit.  You are destroying america #firethefool
How do you know what a job is? You never had one.
Boats boats boats!! #HIMYM
Please describe the big progress.
Progress? Where are the numbers of the new created jobs? What have you achieved? Nothing you nitwit.
And clearly a acorn dick ha!
You say jobs, but all you talk about is fake news.
Cheeto Head meets cheeseheads--a perfect match!
Donald not covered well by anyone !!
@realDonaldTrump  Oh by real news you mean CNN, MSNBC, ...? Because they ARE the news!
You need to stop calling facts that you disagree with 'fake'. You are making the lives of teachers miserable.
hop they dont have tourism there.  tourism way down
Pfffftt.   You have done NOTHING so far except to de-regulate environmental statutes!
Can some body tell me how many jobs ?
I thought I smelled something nasty in the air 
I dare you to go to California, New York, you know the states with the largest populations that didn't vote for you - Chicken Sh!t
Jobs Jobs Jobs it's a great initiative.
 I KNEW HE WAS STILL ALIVE! This is bigger than Elvis. Was this he Lie Mercans were told?
You tweet like a child Donnie.
I just farted and my dog walked out of the room.
I think you could change two of the JOBS to CLIMATE CHANGE and EDUCATION
Y plz focus n creating gud paying jobs   .. i bn working 4 a tech company 4 da last 8 yrs & today they told us. They r moving my job 2 mx 
Idiot
Spoken like a used car salesman.  :p
going to get your ego stroked?
I heard you're going there to talk about jobs.
What jobs ?  Your buddy Janet just raised rates !!!
Very, very and tremendously uninteresting!

What about all the jobs moving to Canada?  Are you going to take credit for that?  Stop it!  If you can!
why we love trump ...@marklevinshow @DineshDSouza @DonaldJTrumpJr @PrisonPlanet @YahooNews @washingtonpost @CNN @FoxNews @nytimes @nypost
what real news?
Delusional Donnie talks jobs but does nothing, like other Rethugs for last 8.5 yrs!
Delusional Donnie loses more jobs than he creates!
#Liar
Thanx Obama for leaving a strong sustainable growth economy & 75 mos of job growth that even Trump Rethugs havent stopped--
yet!
But will!
Liar.  Please resign. Americans hate you.
@GovWalker promised Wisconsin JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! He didn't deliver. Neither will you!
Anything to keep you out of DC.
if only you could define big progress & real facts but your limit grasp of reality impedes your ability to do so #Resist
Will that be to make up for the JOBS, JOBS, JOBS you've slashed? In your words: "very bad"
Why would reporters / reporting make an impact on JOBS? Just saying.
YOU might start the JOBS thing and relocate YOUR biz back here! Why haven't you???
Jobs? Lol, the US is in $$ TRILLIONS $$ of DEBT owing to other nations...
Talk, talk, talk.
More coal jobs? That's the future!
Great job President Trump!
are they mining coal in Wisconsin?
Bull crap! #TrumpRussia #ticktock #ticktock #lockthemallup #wearethemajority
Will you use big words?
Stay the course Sir!!!! America is now headed away from the rocks and shoals and has the wind behind us as we head for safe & deep waters!
Steady as she goes!
Will it be like the temporary @Carrier jobs or their permanent tax breaks & the funds that will not be going into state or federal programs?
Maybe your daughter can close down her Chinese factories who abuse people and make her cheap knock off's in Wisconsin.
FIRE MUELLER!!!
FIRE MUELLER!!!
FIRE MUELLER!!!
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! Just ask those Carrier employees!!
President Trump rocks 
Why do u only go to certain states? Oh that's right u go to the "loyal" ones.  U r such a joke!
Fake President with the biggest lies of any before. You are brimming with bullshit, better wipe your mouth.
Only jobs lost. Stay out of WI
Happy Birthday sir!
When can we talk about walls walls walls?
Now! Let's Build Them @POTUS !!
Jobs jobs jobs at whose expense.
Perhaps you'd like to talk about RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA, There are some unanswered questions there, and I think you could offer some insight
Stay out of our State you have ruined enough of our country keep WI clean
Promises kept! Yep! Great Leader, Otstanding President. After 8 years of a Wishy-Washy dude, We finally have a WINNER!
God Bless Our President Trump!!!
The things in your head...the voices...the visions...those are not Real News. Those are called crazy...hallucinations...imagination. Fool!
You realise that adding "great" before all of your tweets doesn't ACTUALLY create kinship with the people therein, right?
Bull, bull, bull
Maybe you can explain how you let those auto jobs go to Canada!
Was the real news at your first cabinet meeting
The Don coming to Wisconsin is absolutely Yuuuuuuuuuge! #maga
I have an idea, Ivanka could have her clothes make in America, that would create JOBS, JOBS, JOBS That would increase the value of her brand
There are some things Government does better that private companies.  That is why the government exists.
Stay a little longer and see what you do about GE heading to Canada. My brother (RIP) worked there many years hope they'll stay... HELP
Please help the oil and gas industry in Louisiana...they were ready to drill in our area and then boom prices fell out...
When are you going to get them jobs flowing. And why is your base going to suffer for the Republican agenda to strip the people of funding
Liar
What you got?
In your mind
I'm curious, what exactly denotes "real news" and "fake news" as far as you're concerned??
Can you tell us who the "real news" is?
Anyone who blocked #VOTEVETS where 550,000+ vets voice their hard earned opinions and cowardly dodged the draft doesn't deserve 2b CIC!
The state that GE is leaving for a country with full health care benefits? #GE #Healthcare #Canada
You are eliminating health care for 23 MILLION people and therefore are also eliminating the jobs of roughly 2.3 MILLION HEALTH CARE WORKERS
Aren't those jobs a result of obama? I don't think i have seen any legislation by djt that would cause jobs to be created. If mistaken pls
Your just going to Wisconsin to speed more of your B.S.
Thank you Sir , & let me tell you something from the people of the UK , you Mr POTUS are very very welcome to the UK .
If you're referring to Fox and Friends, it isn't even called a news show by Fox. You have to stop believing Fox. It doesn't reflect reality.
Whathappened to the wall?Just another Zionist puppet that prays at the wailing wall to Satan.
Nothing has changed Israel has their President
Just 3 though, 3 jobs. Talk all you want, you're killing jobs and impoverishing workers.
If you still support don the con please get you head examined.
why has there been no reports from Pence on the voter fraud info you sent him out to gather?
When people exclude you passive-aggressively it is worse than a direct gunshot
Being a boasting egomaniac, with illusions of grandeur. A real man leads by example, admits his faults. Takes responsibility for his actions
Your too liberal but. I respect you as president.
FAKE NEWS!
You mean you & Ivanka are moving your jobs here instead of China?  How will you find sweatshops here?
Liar liar your pants on fire
Like the thousand jobs you saved where 900 were sacked withing 3 months?
Wi. Loves potus
You are such a joke now.
He talks incessantly about jobs - but, not a plan to create jobs. Another campaign speech is headed to Wisconsin.
Great=Not Great, Jobs=No Jobs, Big=Little #LikeYourHands
are you going to do or say something about zuma and the shit he has caused in this country. white people are dying. state capture !!!!!!!
@merylbenni tu devrais chercher les "real news" et arrêter de te focaliser sur les "fake news"
real news
JOBS JOBS JOBS
LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! Right, republicans? Right? Hello? *crickets*
The great state, what garbage! The governor killed unions for the wealthy ceo's & stockholders. No workers rights! #AllAboutTheWealthy
I want a job of terrorism
I thought you got enough "jobs" at that whacko sycophantic stroke fest the other day https://www.google.ca/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/culture/2017/jun/13/late-night-tv-recap-donald-trump-cabinet-meeting …
You talking about FOX News, or as I like to call it, Comrade Trump National TV? It's like a playbook out of the Kremlin. Putin's Puppet.
Fire Him If True That He Hired 5 Anti~Trump people to investigate Only You? Not Lynch, Bill & Hillary or Comey-Leaker Investigations!ENUF!
The rich are fine, they don't need help... In fact how many of them do you think like you anyway?
Jobs? like the ones that carrier is giving to Mexico
The only thing great about Wisconsin is the shit load of trailer park meth labs.
The Real News is that you have the lowest favorability rating of any President--ever.
JOBS JOBS JOBS by bringing back coal fired power is not worth the price
if you repeat a word three times it makes it real. That's what daddy Bannon tells me abyways.
