I'm sure that was a tough one. lol.
Sean Hannity. Alex Jones' sockpuppet.
Psssh. Hannity is not biased. He  even asks fellow conservatives in Congress the tough questions. Alex Jones is a little out there though.
He's a snake. I saw him perpetuate a horrible lie about a congressman that even his opponent spoke out against. But Sean pressed on.
Of all the people at FOX, I find him most despicable. He has no scruples. At all.
HE has no scruples!? And Bill and Hill do? Hillary’s spoken numerous times about women coming forward about sexual harassment/ bullying...
Yet she discredits every single woman who has claimed sexual whatever against Bill, before and after Monica to date. Scruples!? PSHHH
I’m just pointing out their character as a couple, and individually. Suggesting you do not a d they have never lied is extremely foolish.
How about being interviewed by a station not owned by Sinclair?
If CNN actually offered an interview, Trump would prove by the twist they put on his words by taking them out of context...FAKE NEWS
It’d only serve them to be as foolish, as CNN claims subjectively that Trump is. I’d love to watch that interview.
If Trump advocated for banning semiautomatic rifles, the rad. left would scream TYRANT! While simultaneously creaming their undies. Fickle!
https://www.facebook.com/deborah.destefano.7/posts/1953263181357777 …
I know u’ll  b ‘real’ Mr President. It is the radical left who can’t cope with the reality of ur presidential victory. Spiteful obstruction
You are awesome, I knew the Lord had something great in store us after the crap we have endured all these years from the dc swamp!!
The good lord picks average people to do spectacular things. People who will grow towards HIM and declare only with Gods help could I have!
Now when you said you hate everyone in the White House does that include your wife & son?
How will Sean interview you with his mouth full?  How will you answer with yours full?  #Twoliarsonecup
Keep pushing forward mr. President remove all the garbage from Washington that has their hand in the till.
Poll 

Which source do you trust least?

Vote and Retweet
FOX!!! we all know the answer is FOX!!!!
I guess his nose isn't gonna brown itself.
FAKE NEWS CHANNEL
More

Bill O’Reilly first and then you?  2 sexual predators. Who next?  #trump.
Why not show some guts and interview with Chris Wallace? You're a coward!!!
Umm.. no thanks.. really.. no no no
Fellating the shitty press again, eh?!
So they’re going to televise the 2 Of you blowing each other?
Really? Good... i just would watch if were @jk_rowling

Of course you will. Nothing like getting a reach-around from your number one cheerleader. #FakePOTUS #hacktalkinghead
So you will be interviewed by a Trump fanatic who won't ask any challenging or hard questions. Must be nice.
Nah dude, gotta catch up on Mr. Robot

That was the absolute worst presidential interview I have ever not watched #ImpeachTrump #Impeach #25thAmendment  #resignnow
What's there to enjoy???
All these Russian bots...nothing to see here except 2 idiot traitors yapping to their idiot echo chamber...
Bbbbooooo
Fox News is fake news. License revoke?
You might as well just have Baron interview you. It would be the same outcome
Or Ivana, the "real first lady".... because she is so eloquent and educated.  This family makes the Mansons look like kid play.  #Loser
Of course you will. Two peas in a racist pod. I just threw up a little.
Yes nothing helps expand the base more than a hard-hitting interview with Hannity.
Hope it is to resign as you do not support the constitution take all the other traitors with you. You don't appreciate real America values!

Will be watching!
I'd rather stick my dick in a meat grinder
When will you allow CNN to interview you?
Manbaby doesn’t want to be asked tough questions.
Every day I am thankful that Donald Trump is our president. We love him so much, he's a sweet man.
Ok thanks
The dictator appearing on state tv.



Get them ratings! Right donald? Jerk
When is the eminem disst track coming
WE The PEOPLE love you Mr President! 

I’ll save my enjoyment for your impeachment.
Real brave of ya.
Fox Fake News at its best
We will enjoy when you are impeached!
A moron interviewed by a fuck stick...riveting
You're good ole boy Sean. Your #1 stooge
Trump appears afraid of North Korea&China.Bush defeated Saddam Hussein & Gaddafi.
If i want to watch shit roll up hill i'll hire some dung beetles. How the true #FakeNews like YOU & supporters bullshit with a straight face

#LockHimUp
#worldwar3 #adultdaycare

#RussiaTrump

#TrumpAdminPrivateEmailScandals
Enjoy! Lol making fun of you
Fox News spreads more fake news than any other station. Should we look at pulling their broadcasting license?
Will you kiss first, or just get down to business? Nice to see you take on "hard" journalists. #Coward #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrumpNow
Trump is afraid of North Korea&China.Bush defeated Saddam Hussain & Gaddafi.

There's nothing I would enjoy more than an impeachment...
exactly id even take him resigning too
There's still too much dignity in resignation for my taste..
true but still gets him out of office and man does he need to go. Its getting scarier every day.
I see someone is a big fan of Mr Tiny Hands-No brains. 

I was right! That insane riff about the deficit/nat'd debt was perfect! Thank you. I TOLD them you'd say something stupid! #resign #idiot45

Barf!

That's not an interview.
Of course it’s on Fox News
It’s only real news if it supports you, right?
We don't want to hear 'bout how you're going to #MAGA  and more of your #FakeNews . Have fun with your buddy #SeanHannity .
You must mean "stateTV"
It'll sound like this: *blowjob noises" *cum gargling* *whatever sound it makes as you pass semen between your lips, back and forth*
Biafra need freedom, you have to say something about the killing of indigenous people of Biafra ( ipob ) by Nigeria government
Oh boy you get interviewed by your little buddy how ridiculous
You don't like Trump you bark to much do yourself a favor get a life and help make this country greatagain.Kneel for God stand for country.
#25thAmendment
Thanks... I'll make sure to watch another station...
@realDonaldTrump Thanks Mr. President! I'll be sure to watch! #MAGA
Enjoy!Never would subject myself 2 listening 2 ur lies&FAKE PROMISES. U R devoid of morals,ethics, compassion.Amendment 25 looms over u like a storm cloud on horizon.
Thanks for the warning LOSER!!
who gives a rats ass. Fake news!
Never watch Hannity or Trump, and together, hahahaha, not a chance.
Love Sean Hannity show. The real truth about PRESIDENT TRUMP  is so apparent on his show. President Trump is doing a great job.
More softball questions? More lies from you, of course there will be. FAUX News the original FAKE NEWS for the fake potus
Enjoy the shit show, folks! Only three more years of this free black comedy sketch!
I don't want to throw up
The two empty bucket heads! Can't wait!
Yes we heard you Campaign speech.  Shame your ACTIONS do not match your words.
I know you have been told this before. Stop giving out your schedule. Secret Service can not protect you like they should.
Thanks for the warning.
Thanks for the heads up.  Comedy night on fox news at 9
Nobody cares.  That's your job.
NO ONE CARES. GO TWEET AND LET GROWN UPS GET BACK TO WORK
I would prefer to have a root canal with no anesthetic!
Who cares Donny
Speaking of fake news....
I think the discussion went very good.... they were talking about plans he had in store for America .....
If you need a BJ Hannity will do it no questions asked.

No thanks!
More fake news from you? No thanks! :)
Enjoy?! MORON!
Good duck you looked great out there in case you know lol....
Good duck.
We won’t.
Nobody gives a shit about FUCKS news but you and your Retarded supporters.
http://surpay.site/?r=247276 
You may call it an interview. I call it "ramblings from a dotard", Donny Johnny. #ticktock
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment
#25thAmendment 
#25thAmendment 
#25thAmendment
Who cares about you and the biased network FOX, specially this moron Sean Hannity!
@tomcolicchio  If they're not showing up for rallies anymore,I guess this is the next best thing,huh?
Play the clip where Hannity cut U off erroneous stock market lower the national debt babbling.  You have no knowledge of how it works. #Fool
Of course you will be only organization who doesn't hate your orange self...
Good luck chief
Oh good.  My weekly colonoscopy prep!
Is that where you thought Retreat was being played for you? Can someone please explain this to you?
#Sycophants.....
FAKE NEWS #fakenews
That "interview" was a litany of lies and vague statements and applause lines. If you want to improve the media, pull Hannity off the air.

Did your guys send over the questions before hand? What about that IQ smack down between you and Tillerson? My money is on him! 
You retweeted your own tweet.
wow what a circle jerk that must have been,
But, I thought Fox News was "fake news"....?
And now..A word from my sponsors.
Fox News is your propaganda channel. Are you frightened of being asked difficult questions
#fakenews #sad
I hear
No we don’t watch fake news.
Right. "Interviewed." That's what we'll call it.
Nobody gives a damn about your lies but your cult followers!!
Be sure to thank all  major sports leagues the refuse to stay at any Trump properties.   So happy to know that.  The all deserve applause.

So lie are you going to tell.
Who the f cares
Enjoy???
“I will be *fellated* .. by @seanhannity..” there, fixed your tweet. Ask Tillerson what that word means. You’re welcome. #FakePresident
@foxandfriends & @FoxNews are the ones who need their license’s revoked, not @nbc. They have more #FakeNews than anyone in real #journalism!
Who cares
enjoy?? you are out of your fucking mind.
No, you will lie for an hour with Hannity.  Just to clarify.
Only because you're afraid of real reporters who will ask hard questions.
Only doddy old racists watch @seanhannity.
You are not on the campaign trail any more. #mediawhore
Sean Hannity is a Russian traitor too You sure attract Russian loving traitors.
@seanhannity enjoys your mom
As if I needed another reason NOT to watch Faux News.
We are waiting for U to be interviewed, under oath, by Mr Mueller.
Literally no one cares. Have you talked to Tiffany lately?
How do you not pay attention to how many people dislike or even hate you?  It’s all over Twitter !!!!
Grow some and give an interview to Rachel Maddow!
What a joke!!
CRINGE!
You need therapy. Maybe a strait jacket.
VOMIT. #25thAmendmentNow

You think Fox News is "real news" when they openly admit they operate on opinions? Sean Hannity isn't a reporter or journalist.
@FoxNews is partisan, distorted, and fake. They’re a fraud and so are you. #Resign
Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!

Will u give “equal time” to other networks? Or will u continue to ignore more than 1/2 of the country who look at Fox as ur propaganda arm.
It will be the lowest rated show ever
Great. More lies lies lies.

Coward - go talk to @StephenAtHome instead of your cronies at Faux News.
Nobody cares
How many lies will you tell then?
Are they fake to?...... Obama would have never said that the news people was fake.... the real President Obama
Who cares??
