I am authoritarian. I have writed books ... co-writed. I am very smart.
#InCrayCrayCrayon
It’s writted not writed......me smarter 
LOL 

P.s. me has a digree in Hinglish and I knows my coreckt spelling, tank you  very muchly bigly
Wooooow!
I declaire the above to be a very consensual correction of best words
Declaire  ? 
Wots my award?
Hambergers
I got lots of them.
I maid a fort out of some so I can hyde from Sneaky Robot Mueller
It takes longer to make drawings and visual aids instead of what most people are able to comprehend...WORDS
The have to convert to high energy graphics and mention your name a lot so you will pay attention.
Do you need a blankie and a cheeseburger? #WhinyLittleDotard
So called? Lol. What planet do you live on dude?
You're strange!
Ur strange lucifer, intelligence is not on ur radar dopey
Wow sooooo strange. Mysteriously strange. I am so befuddled by the strangeness.  It is also bizarre and weird.  What could it all mean?  .... Idiot.
No kidding strange, let's talk about the postponed things you've done Mr Trump. Your making up lies

Sounds like the "president" is about to shit his "pants" over the TRUTH coming out.
But these are US intelligence agencies.

Are you sure you're in the right country?
Seriously, It’s not to late for you to call the FBI. 
Tell them everything about your family’s money laundering. 
Get new lawyers, & a plea deal. 
Putin videos are embarrassing but life in prison is far worse! 
The @FBI will protect you from Putin.
Oh my god. We know you don’t like intelligence. I get it! We get it!
you, of anyone, should know how slow the courts are... Don't worry.. you'll know when... we ALL will...
Hey Donnie, Mueller added a cyber-crimes prosecutor 
If you don't trust US intelligence...you have to leave our Whitehouse. You can't even read or comprehend a briefing.
You never paid attention to the first one you got a year ago!
#TraitorTrump
Nurse, medicate Trump stat!
They are busy turning it into a coloring book for you
OR, maybe they'll take you away in handcuffs on Friday. YAY!!!!!! #OrangeMoronInAnOrangeJumpsuit
I get it. You don't like intelligence!
Sort of like your shitty media awards that will likely get people in your administration in legal trouble if they help in any way?  That sort of delay?  
Or the delay on your details on your infrastructure plan (still waiting)
Or the delay on your details on your opioid plan...
The sad thing is that you question your own “intelligence” community. These are your people telling you about Russian hacking our election and you prefer to demean them instead of find a strategy to help prevent more.  Why?  What are you afraid of?
You sound like a Russian cheerleader, not a US President.
This is the president. The same guy who loves to ignore or delay intelligence reports.

He's just lying again.
The 'Fake News' bullshit awards postponed 'til who knows when, perhaps non-demented staff members managed to put embarrassing circus off. Very strange! #Presidementia
Your fake news awards were delayed so, um, maybe want to dial it back a tad.
You postponed your "fake news" awards...
So-called " Russian Hacking"?  Oh, Sparky, Please catch up.  No one is questioning whether or not the Russians hacked. How else do you think you got the DNC emails?
You keep saying the Dems colluded with Russia... Then why do you want the investigation to stop? Why are you afraid to testify in person to Robert Muller? Very strange!!!!
They ALREADY have their case, and you KNOW it!!! Going to be a rough ride, Donnie Boy! Have a good time!
Just like you delaying your fake news awards, perhaps more time needed to invent phoney claims. Very strange!

You’re the “strange,” you Nazi idiot. We are gonna get you outta there, don’t you worry. We are coming for your ass. Nothing will stop us. Your cultist followers, your devoted, nihilist, psychopathic, collaborators. You’re done. Bring it, you evil fuck. Bring it.
Not as strange as a Russian tool in the Oval office. Sad. Bigly. #IdiotOrange #PresidentPeePeeTape #ComradeGoldenShowers
Everyone agrees that there was Russian interference and hacking except you. Very strange!
They're probably trying to reconcile reality with all the bullshit lies you tell. 

And breaking reality in the process.
This will give you more time to work on your awards presentations
When you garner the intelligence to memorize some of the words to our National Anthem let us know.
Kind of like how the Fake News Awards had to be "postponed" on Monday until today. We are gonna see these awards presented tonight, right #DirtyDonald? We all know you are guilty, but only b/c you have told us frequently.
"people" say you are a "terrible " president.
It's only very strange to people who are very stupid.
YOU WILL BE IMPEACHED...INDICTED...JAILED
Build a case on your money-laundering. Bye-bye! Hope that orange jumpsuit is nice and comfy for you.
Nothing is more strange than the word "President" in front of your name.
Maybe they decided draw the briefing in pictures with crayon to help you understand what hacking actually means and why it's bad.
You are so weird
Come on Donny Boy, you don’t have to be a genius to figure this out. And yet.....
#Dotard doesn’t understand that they have to drawl funny pics & dummy down the language so #stabilegenius can understand it!
Could it be because @SenFeinstein released the docs yesterday that prove the repubs have been lying and there is strong evidence the Russians conspired with you and your campaign to win the election?
Says the guy who delayed his fake news awards.
Your uninhibited use of "quotes" is very familiar...
So funny omg
Not strange Ding Dong Donnie. Just thorough. It's the intelligent way to do things. You wouldn't understand.
Maybe they need more time making those 3rd grade diagrams so you can understand it...

Does this same thinking apply to your putting off the 'Fake' News 'Awards'?

You're such a tool.
Put the phone down, old man. Your Tweets age as well as week-old fish. Just don't. #TrumpRussia #electioninterference #installedbyPutin #collusion #kompromat
What an asshole. Publicly questioning & ridiculing the United States Intelligence Agencies in the defense of a foreign adversary?!?! The GOP & any American left defending him ought to be ashamed of themselves.
Someone lost the Pre-K dictionary so the report wasn't translated for @POTUS in time
Or maybe the weather warnings kept people home and safe?
What do you care? You don’t accept the IC’s findings anyway.
Two friends of mine are on your security detail and they prey for you to die. That’s hated you are. It will get nasty and your in prison. Ever seen the girl with a dragon tattoo? That will be you in prison.
We will destroy you.
Fake president.


Stop Larry Lorenzo
The news is real
Good luck Mr.President!you pointed out alot.&alot are coming true. People can scoff all they want.they just cant handle what you are dishing out!
#STFU #liar #thief #traitor #Pisshound #putinspuppet.  you will not be allowed a dictatorship.  Your fall will take out Putin too.
Save California trump
HEYNMORON!  Watch THIS and weep. Tick tock, said the prison clock.
Very #Treason
Heh, you don't know what due diligence is. Let me explain. No, there is no time. Let me sum up: Nothing you want will ever happen.
What alternate universe are you living in? #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump #fakepresidenttrump #factsmatter #fakepresident #Unhinged
You do realize this is a HumInt/SigInt data collection technique, right? I don't want to explain it further as you are a key subject. #Dolt
@SenJohnMcCain either you or the President is a liar. Please stand up and tell us which one.
Very strange that you are continuing to struggle against reality.
Very strange that anyone calls you "president".
#ICYMI Is this case related? Has anyone from your campaign met Roman Seleznev or Valery Seleznev?

#Trumprussia 
https://www.instagram.com/p/BU0dYtJgD6Z/?taken-by=departure_gate_3 …
I don't think these fellas are Chinese. Friends of #MikeFlynn maybe? Or #PaulManafort? Are we on the same #CarterPage?

#Trumprussia
Have you seen this???????
The thumbs aren't his. He has very bent thumbs.
The truth will set America free.  Doing nothing about nothing is othe best recipe.
.Keep the good work
.@realDonaldTrump Why are you tweeting about this? Doesn't the possibility of backfire occur to you?
His mind works differently than most humans! So no, it probably didn't occur to him. He's a Neanderthal!
Stop getting me arrested
stop whining. YOU'RE THE PRESIDENT act like a person who is. U don't have to respond to everything YOU'RE THE PRESIDENT
so what are you afraid from?
gimp
love that 1 word answer....says it all lol
You should be worried
...Not my president!  Narcissist, pathological Liar.. Lost your credibility with public! Embarrassment!!  Shame!!!
I guess you were wrong about this too huh??
thank you Mr President, for making Saturday Night Live great again.
Look inside the Federal Government, Muslims are hacking departments, freeze their wages and bring them in for prosecution
Mexico, China, Israel, Australia,Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen... Who's next?
can I pee on you too?
" the Iranian people and government now feel what we did with Afghan people in the way while coming in iran ..keep doing ..
Strange indeed.
Kind of like you delaying the release of your tax returns... which you promised after the election.
Trump Administration  may want to bring on a Technological Tsar as an advisor in this age of High Tech and Cyber Security.
@Emily62177572 Remember, you don't have a mandate & you LOST the popular vote by 2.8 mill. #TheResistance
you must be for the free stuff! Sorry for your loss  TRUMP


Go Trump Go Do not let this liberal wear you down the people are behind you !!!
nope, more time was needed to rewrite it so a sixth grader could understand it
everything is recorded now, if you say it, type it or do it, anyone can find the record of it. #CIAspeech #fullofshit #liar
The Presidency isn't a popularity contest, if it were you wouldn't be where you are! Put down the phone dickhead
But you are behind them now 1000%? 
WRONG.  DON'T PICK ON YOUR OWN PEOPLE.
Congratulations PRES. TRUMP! Godspeed!
真的是推特治国啊！
people who have never placed a bet in their lives are now betting on how long before he is taking down!
the more he worries the happier we all feel. The more you have to hide snowflake lol
clearly they have no case.Clinton's are good friends with google btw & the CIA/NSA seed funded Google in its earliest days.
why wasn't anyone from the DNC jailed for fraud after rigging the system against bernie ?
lying
yep!
OMG...let's praise the Russians, if at all they were responsible for keeping a felon out of the oval office.
/ it's all bogus
That's the goverment your going againsted.
if you want respect, be respectful

hey man make a subway from South Carolina to California and a hyper tube just to have fun
Mrs Merkel has her own hacking experience
Clinton is still attacking you. Her connections with big Pharmacy. They will continue to fake bad press.  She owns CIA.
did you get your days mixed up again?  Alzheimers?  It runs in families. You can't learn new things, a symptom
I would like to see your tax returns.
Hey care to comment on this now? Oh right, now you think it is the Russians. Very strange!
They never had a case, they needed more time to try make up a convincing story
I'm a conservative that lives in California. Paul Ryan Town Hall was a great representation of your ideology on policies
hey Donald what you meant to say was they need more time to fabricate a case
Trump has Outfox the liberal Lefty's
Time for the TRUMP card to be played with the IC. Perhaps the proverbial house cleaning is in order.
Not really
We in the heartland have your back Mr Trump. God Bless you sir!
Have some respect for your next POTUS!  Donald "The Don" Trump!
Woooohooooooo!!!!
I understand free speech, but it's a shame the libs have to use it like low rent no class punks...
what do they have on you? You know you could still step down before becoming the most hated man in the world!



Schumer said, “Let me tell you, you take on the intelligence community, they have six ways from Sunday to get back at you."
took awhile to edit out all the Obummer stutters, if's and tongue clicks.
they WILL build a case, any case. Sack them all when you get in. They are traitors.
Donald´s tax records release delayed indefinitely. Perhaps more time needed to fake them. Very strange!
still havent heard the info only u know...past tues or wed so what do u know trump??
sounds like you fucked with the wrong people. You know "Intelligence"#PeePeePrez #trump #goldenshower #russia
It won't be long now. It is catching up to you. You only think your above it all. I can't wait for it all to unfold
