trying to stay calm & trust. Competition & ability to buy across state lines is vital.
Old idea that doesn't work. InsCo aren't interested in selling across state lines
Old idea that doesn't work. InsCo aren't interested in selling across state lines
Many states allow&doesn't lower cost/incrChoices. InsCo don't want to do--too costly for them as HealthCare is local
@hbcampbell @foxandfriends need to have purchasing across state lines.
Many states allow&doesn't lower cost/incrChoices. InsCo don't want to do--too costly for them as HealthCare is local
two interesting articles. Thank you.
Your speech writers are killing you. And get across state lines out there. 2 and 3 are in the crapper. Lose the Insurance lobby, it obvious
Many states allow& doesn't lower cost/incrChoices.InsCo don't want 2 do--too costly as HealthCare networks are local
And insurance competition, like cable TV & cell phone services, NEED TO COMPETE for our patronage! Why not?
Trump is probably the stupidest president ever aside from highly embarrassing in ever way imagineable!!!
Seems that liberal news media are about the only ones who want President Trump to stop tweeting, so he should definitely keep it up!
if it isn't right the first time, don't push it through. Quit screwing the people!
do it right the first time if you're going to change things.the costs are increasing and the rich get richer
Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollou...
YOU KNOW getting rid of state lines only allows greedy corporations to ALL reside in the state with the LEAST regulations!
STOP. WATCHING. TV.
STOP.
DROP.
- you are keeping all of your campaign promises and more 
the old repub strategy of "savings" accounts for medical does not work in a nation without jobs.
the issue is getting rid of YOU in stage one...like NOW
.@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends with you in power, we all worried. You don't have a plan so stop telling us not to worry.
meme
there will be phases, like buildg & subdivisions, Tracts, parcels -- phase 1,2,3 -- progress takes time
We will see Donny boy.
STOP WATCHING TV and STOP TWEETING.  PS - trumpcare is a joke.
We TRUE Americans love you President Trump!!!!
Are you enjoying playing President?
How's your plan to eliminate ISIS in 30 days going?  You are great talking about plans, bad at execution.
half his "followers" are not real people. They're made up, and if they're not, they're probably lower class.
Thank the lord!
forever remembering when @marcorubio destroyed you in that debate 
. It's Flip- Flop dummy!
Why does Agent Orange keep tagging Fox and Friends? Don't think he understands how Twitter works.
GET RID OF THE THIEVING MANDATE!!!
Insurance companies can already sell to customers in other states.  Not sure of the gain here.
hahahahaha. Don't worry?     Hahahahahaha
Your plan will cause needless suffering and pain, and will drive up cost of insurance. #resign
Lies! That thing will do nothing but put bigger profits in CEOS pockets #liar #resist #Impeach
abolish the states! All 50! Return the land to its people!
if are are an American citizen trump is your president whether you like it or not
not my president. Ever.
keep saying that won't change the fact that he is your president 
phase 2, 3, you said same day. Liar
good
#vault7 #wikileaks DISMANTLE THE CIA
KEEP IT UP!!!
Good. We lost our doctors on Obamacare. Had to get exemption from IRS so 17yr
does this AHP affect SS or Medicare.  If so how?
5 states already got rid of "state lines" and it did not promote competition.
Gotdamnit! Turn off the television and get to work!
What a miserable excuse 4 a man and a president
.@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends STOP LIVETWEETING FOX AND FRIENDS
: the only friends @realdonaldtrump will ever have.
Wrong. There are millions of us and we're not paid to "support" him. #MAGA
..as matter of fact WAY over Half of US if you cancel out illegal votes
When you repeat debunked, incorrect facts you really lose all credibility.
Shut up Robot!!!
Wow. Grow up. You are embarrassing yourself. Go back to your Jerry Springer show.
Nope actually working at my JOB - u Libtards should get look into it & not just protests
Speaking of getting rid of State Lines, the #CalExit is looking really good right now. Even if it's Russian funded.
Why do you keep Tweeting at Fox and Friends? Can't Sean Spicer send them a briefing? Fox & Friends is not the Press office.
Hmm, it might have something to do with the fact that F&F is the most watched and trusted morning show...
LOL imagine trusting fox and friends as a reliable news source! i'd never watch it
As opposed to CNN, MSNBC, HUFFPO, and the  NY Times?  You know, the purveyors of fake news
You really honest to God believe that? That Fox is real & everyone else isn't? Bless your heart.
Without eliminating state lines, healthcare will be the same disaster.
Thanks...
WRONG! (said in debate voice)
never gonna happen dude...tick tock Donnie, it'll all be over soon. As always  #LiarInChief
Going to be a hard fight to lose state lines. I think all 50 governors want to keep their states intact.
Overrated
your health care plan is hurting the weakest Amun is our seniors.. it's bad fix it!
You know what'd be great? If you read the bill instead of telling us what Fox News thinks abt it. @realDonaldTrump
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/839108868584124417 …
someday we will realize how insane it is to retweet him then think it can be balanced out with a little commentary
Don't worry, we're worried.
.@ragbjg So, you don't need healthcare? Clean streams, air? Solid education for your kids? Affordable housing? Fair taxes?
#TrumpRussia
So much for women's healthcare. #Trumpcare #TheResistance
The pill is the most used contraceptive amongst many teens that has proven not to work.








Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
@Richmari01 @foxandfriends 
That doesnt bring prices down 
Maybe call a friend to get the right answer
Anyone who actually understands how insurance works knows you can't sell across state lines. Do your homework.
...which is what the Rs want to change. And they have the ability. Yours was a terribly underinformed tweet.
Well, dipshit, it was already allowed in several states under the ACA, and no insurer wanted to do it - no provider networks!
Well, you're charming. Regardless, a few states allowing it doesn't provide the scale that you'd need to justify the cost.
When it's allowed across all 50 states, we'll likely see a change. Look at credit card companies as a model.
Fox and other bigots, prejudice, hateful, deplorables!  "FRIENDS"  SO SAD
this will actually create monopolies
so you and the @GOP no longer believe in States Rights?
What will we call that one big new State. Trumptopia? Funny how you don't understand how insurance works.
if I opt out of ANY PLAN I BETTER NOT GET FINED!! We pay taxes for welfare for those in need, & THATS GOOD!!
Some of the doctors are rejecting insurance from company retirement plans because they don't get paid well.
2 & 3 phases DC Govt BS. We voted u in2 REPEAL not rewrite a failing plan. GET GOVT out of healthcare NOW
FOX NEWS is the fake news people you keep talking about. Fox is fake news
Yeah, sure.
you are going to make it impossible for disabled to care for themselves. You are wrong
People are still going to show up at hospitals with no insurance and get FREE care.
whenever you say don't worry I do start to worry because you are obviously only for the rich

#FAKENEWS! #LiarNChief!  More #AlternativeFacts #RussiaGate #Indivisible #ProtectTheTruth #SpecialProsecutor
Doc networks are local and regional. Companies won't compete nationally, doesn't make business sense.
Ho-ho-what!? Health insurance over state lines is integral, though not integral yet for the new revisions?
No No NO   WE don't BELIEVE it will be in there  ----. MUST do it in  phase ONE or they will make excuses --
I've been at Mayo for everything & now I can't go to my Drs or get my scans covered!
why does it have to be in phase 2 & 3?  Why not now?  It was a campaign promise!
How will you handle out of state provider contracts?  Only the largest companies have them.
Liar.  Mississippi insurance will cover crap in New Jersey.  Stop lying so much.
yeah sure
Would require all major carriers to completely restructure their markets & take oversight away from states.
Nah. I won't be worried that your nuts and need ECT RX
I'm Ready to work together Donald! Call my people!
Well done Sir.
Gov. out! Only mandate private health companies must sell to ALL if to any, across USA.  No rejects no mandatory purchase.
I'm so not worried. Phase 1 isn't sorted. So phase 2 and 3 should be sorted by impeachment day? More detail.
DO NOT SIGN THIS OBAMACARE LITE PLAN, we need FREE markets and an ugly plan like the current one. we voted for better THX
Yeah, I'll gladly pay u Tuesday for a hamudburger today, bwaaaaaa
what year will tha be 2030?
of healthcare.
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
We are not worried chpy because trump care will not i repeat NOT PASS HAHAHAHAHAHhahahahaHAHAHgahahahahahah
mum plp mk
Oh that's cute, you think we're going to believe and trust you 
@peplamb @foxandfriends why not in Phase One?
- You mean removing states' rights?
Competition is a must Also let us know how much $$ are illegal aliens costing our healthcare system
I really hope the impeach you soon all mouth
What about take Obamacare and add 2 and 3 to it?
dear mr president help humanity with release of suppressed cures healing technology and et disclosure
But state lines are what made your electoral college win possible.
There's no prohibition to insurance sales  across state lines.  Please go away
@xmlwx75 @foxandfriends Wrong !
phase two is the day after never and phase three is the day after that?
i love trumphttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOd2tfY0NTw
IF it ever gets to phase 2 & 3...   UNDOCUMENTED DEMOCRAT Paul Ryan has a different agenda than @POTUS

as an insurance professional, I like this.  As a capitalist, I LOVE this.  Competition favors consumers.
I'm Worried about YOU causing WWIII after you colluded with Putin! Praying your impeachment happens soon!
No it won't. You're delusional if you think the insurance companies will cut into their profits.
HUGE bonuses to Insurance Execs!!!!  Thanks Donny.
Well I'm glad they got the repeal of CEO salary tax breaks in phase 1. Priorities are important.
AFTER PEOPLE HAVE DIED DO TO LACK OF HEALTHCARE #LIAR #ImpeachTrump #PutinsPuppet
how about there are different laws for all states that make impossible to buy insurance across state lines.
That was a huge mistake.  That needed to be #1!
I am worried. Needs to be complete NOW.  Ryan is feeding you a line of bull.
But Donny, phases 2 and 3?  They're going to mess up your precious page counts.
Again, did the GOP sit on their butts for 6 yrs, & this is the best they come up with!?  Not good a deal
B.S. We are fed up with you nonsense, your lies, your tweets, your pettiness and your narcissism.
talk is cheap. So far, you're not delivering on your healthcare promises
is that like getting rid of borders?
- You we're going to repeal and replace in ONE DAY!  There was no "phase 1,2 & 3" during your campaign!  Sad
Fully repeal first.
Get RID of any rollout that benefits anyone breaking our laws to be in our Country! NO FREEBEEs 4 criminal's! #Repeal Keep your word. #MAGA
People are worried because of contradicting tweets on health bill.
with all due respect Mr. President you're being sucked into the swamp! Don't believe rhinos.
Don't let @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr bully u! My fam will lose healthcare under Medicaid expansion. Be a hero for once!
Amendments will come and patch/fix what people don't like. A deeper look at Doctors' and Hospital business is a MUST too.
...we need this now..in two years we will all be broke
vai Donald ok!
premiums are not going down. Why in hell woulf insurance companies charge less if they are already getting their money.
Thank you
@getting rid of state lines...sounds like #USSR
And STILL you have no idea how this works.
Very Worried. Oh, HIYA foxandfriends!
Might be a critical element
Put it in phase 1, liar.
Sure it will... like Mexico will pay for the wall.
Great to hear... Really liked that part of Paul's proposal!
A big circus, and & clowns have gotten loose. You lost, be part of the solution, or get back into your tents
All that will happen from that is they'll all go to whatever state has the lowest taxes.
it doesn't promote competition.  This is totally false.  It's just a race to the bottom.
Don't believe them. Congress lies.  Insist on phase ONE &Don't let ins co.s tax us directly 4 gaps in cvrg.
that Muslim President screwed up my healthcare do your best to fix it Mr President
ALREADY can buy across state line's wake up it will be the same messed up system as it was before
Taxccuts for rich, death for the poor.   How can you show your face you liar?
