Blasio in a soros puppet scumbag
Why is this of top importance to the president of the United States? Of all the national issues in this country, this is most important?
Whoa, you are going to need to resign. They just nailed Donnie Junior being told the intel he was trying to get was from Russian government
The 1st (of many I'll wager) smoking gun...

I guess tomorrow you'll twist the truth into yet a more bizarre pretzel & say colluding w/Russia to attack our elections is a good thing.
If its on dumbUdown @FoxNews its made for Trump's low Intellect, amoral followers
If u add the IQ of all the Trumps it might add up to 176. Have u heard Trump speak? Its at a 8th grade level. So is his knowledge base. 
This is a excellent example of the inner workings of the LEFTIST MIND ! Absolutely DISGRACEFUL & should be made to resign !
Way to go DiBlasio! Bring back Giuliani or Bloomberg. I remember how they persecuted Lindsay in '69 blizzard for being on vacation HORRIBLE
Blasting is a assh###
Oh really???
When Fox is your only news source- perhaps you need to branch out?
You're right, how the hell can a guy like him hold office! Running here & there, & not taking care of home business!
Stop retweeting Fox News. They are not state media and, for now, you are the occupant of the Oval Office.
RT @foxandfriends: Head of the NYPD union slams Mayor de Blasio for skipping vigil for assassinated cop Miosotis Familia...
@realDonaldTrump
Wow. A searing assessment of the President of the United States by political editor @CUhlmann of Australia's ABC. 
President Trump Calls Comey's Leaking "So Illegal"... Is Prison in His Future?
What's the matter? Your tv only has one channel? Fox ENTERTAINMENT? #gaslighting

Why retweet this? Its not ad if YOU'RE any kind of example of duty.
Trump: But, but, but, Faux News said it was true..........

I'm sorry... the reason for tweeting this is...???
Mayor needs to step down so that someone who stands behind those who serve the citzens can be placed
I just threw up seeing the @GOP President retweeting Fox News. We are officially the laughing stock of the free world
Is that what your agenda pushing sites tell you? Lift your head and look around.
Somebody is losing it this morning
Just curious MR President and I use that lightly what time do start work???
Read the Constitution instead
Who else missed it... your son. Keeping a low profile after the Russia meetings came out! Anyone on your campaign NOT meet with Russia?
Why isn't this jerk being fired and arrested?
The New York people won't put up with him again!  He is such a lowlife.
Someone's on a roll. Feeling constipated after your long haul flight or just doing the usual by deflecting?
As wife of a police officer, I'd be ok with #diblasio doing this as you are a #GLOBAL threat. There's more at stake with you ruining US
You are a fool
I am ex GOP. I wised up. If U R a hardworking American, I hope you'll do the same. GOP works 2 get u 2 hate the left while doing nothing 4 U
Wised up? You mean dumbed down. I feel sorry for you, but just know with trumps new healthcare you can get the help you need
So what? If he can't handle it, quit. Corrupt cops aren't missed. The mayor is the chief's boss, thus has no need to kiss corrupt cop butt.

And this...  #TrumpLies #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #FakeNews
All you're doing is trying to incite more anger and violence.

How much time did the MSM spend covering this fallen hero?
Deflection alert deflection alert deflection alert loom over here not at crooked Donnie
HIS PRIORITY WAS HIMSELF NOT THE CITY! BIG POS 
Sounds like the guy in the White House!
Please elaborate on exactly what the POTUS has done to hurt America. Tell me all about it.
Take it easy. It'll all be over soon. Then the guys in the white coats will take you away.
A gave you a opportunity to explain your grievances, but you refused. So very ignorant !
Well that didn't take long...Hillary, Comey, Obama, Podesta, now de Blasio..keep going..each tweet makes you look guiltier than the last
So you speak on behalf of FOX NEWS & a slain cop...but you had nothing to say about #PhilandoCastile and the full tape? You're ridiculous
#PhilandoCastile doesn't fit into his narrative. The only news he deems worthy to repeat is that which is anti-Obama, or strokes his...ego.
His retweeting of Fox and Friends is basically a circle jerk. He gets off on their praise, they get off on the ratings boost he provides.
correct

A pres retweeting news is so ???? You're not going to be a dictator so stop with the steps you learned in Hitler's book. Impeachment Now
Ah, the ol' playbook - turn your hordes on someone when the heat gets too much. Turn Fox off, Grandad.
#TrumpCrimeFamily
Maybe try using a photo that doesn't have Putin photoshopped in it.
This one isn't real either.
Well, you really do have a lot of extra time on your hands with this nonsense, don't you? Lol
I retired early, you?

Have you chosen a debate topic yet?

#DiaperDon Tweets and the Russian lawyer that he lied about?
when will the "blue" collared leadership figure out this  communist is not a friend? DeBLAHsio practices ant-icop party line
BdB was too busy marching with anarchists in EuropeHis ass needs to GO

"You can keep your own doctor"...what was that about pathological liars going to lie?
3 Years, 6 Months, 10 Days, 5 Hours, 5 Minutes, and 19 Seconds
Bahahaha yeah meeting with a Russian AFTER the election when he was promised information on HRC that's real criminal. Give it up.
I read it was after this AM but it makes no shit that's not collusion. Moreover why is it no one points to the fact crowdstrike is RUSSIAN?
Diblasio is a Marxist, Nazi scum. Officers get no support from Mayor, yet teaches Step son about possible profiling
Mayor de Blasio hates @NYPDnews. Mayor is RESPONSIBLE for these officers. These officers WORK FOR THE CITY. Where is mayoral duty & decency?
The Anti-Police Atmosphere Was Created By Bill de Blasio, Six NYC Police Officers Were Murdered In His First Term As Mayor! "A RECORD"!
Deblasio is a bum ! Does not back our men and women in blue police officer  he disgusts me !
Does the world have to stop? Morons!
#WTF #SnowFlakes and Moslom Bastard
Stop deflecting...watsup with Junior?...apple doesn't fall far from tree.
Even Fox News is running with the facts.  Every Trump operative met w Russia & lied about it.  Witch hunt lolololololol
You do understand that a president elect and his people usually meet with foreign governments? And so do senators?
Name other countries Trump operatives met with over & over, coordinating their lies & denials? Tell me what country interfered in election
Also Argentina Australia Canada China Columbia Egypt Denmark Germany Greece France Hungary Ireland Italy Jordan Lebanon New Zealand (1)
Been around a long time never seen it this bad.  Time to shut it down

"Start by doing what's necessary, then do what's possible,
and suddenly you are doing the impossible." - Francis of Assisi
do not tweet back and forth to each other tweet to the white house or 
@realDonaldTrump tweet where u can make a difference echo chambers
More deflection while you continue to sell us out to Russia
http://Can.you  give me the evidnece ?.not trying to be smart but people keep saying that and all I have seen is "Anon sources"
Trump suggested in a tweet his intent to form a joint cyber task force wth Putin to keep our elections safe. Need more proof of selling out
Uh I think that's a great idea. We need more alliances and less enemies
Even Trump himself backed down on this
Why are you even involving yourself in this?
News flash!!! I guess you missed it, well sweety he is now president of the United States and that means all of them haha
No he involved himself only so he can take a pot shot at someone.That is very typical of him as president!
So you know this how? OR... did you here it on cnn?
No it's very obvious.
Are sure? It sound alot like something cnn would say, if they said it would it be true?
Enough with the BS CNN crap.. I don't watch CNN the majority of times. Besides u mock cnn for lying u better include the president n staff
You sould tell everyone you do watch it alot, that way atleast you have a reason for delusions of our great president
Every day you stress this country out. Every single day. You are the worst, most ineffective and corrupt "president" in history.
I'm stupid, but you can't spell "the?"
You go ahead and keep blowing your leader. It'll be that much sweeter when all you troll bots sink with him.
As I've tweeted earlier, It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. You should have stayed with your failing tv show. LOSER

This is an obvious attempt to divert attention away from the fact that your administration is strangling itself with lie after lie.

De Blasio goes to Germany & thinks he'll return to a heroes welcome from his liberal mates on the left. Boy did that plan backfire!

Deblasio traitor should have not been permitted to return,impeach
That's was just plumb wrong to choose a protest over your officers death. Shows how much he really cares about his law enforcement people.
Fire him

Notice you didn't Retweet their correction on James Comey.
How rich, coming from @RealDonaldTrnp ,the same man who only sees his children at photo ops. #Loser #TheAntiAmerican
"Facts that are out there are not true" 
That's the quote you decide to highlight? Hey FOX aren't you trying to help the cops?
Got to attAck CNN again
Even Homer Simpson would have a limit on how much FOX News(Not Even Worth Seeing) @nytimes  @FoxNews
Why.  He thinks Hitler did great making Germany great again
He also thinks Putin to be a great leader
I live in the Bronx near where this happened.  Shame on Trump for politicizing our tragedy;he should let us bury our dead in peace.

Your always sharing such significant information! I have to point out that this is a joke... I know you are slow.
The gloves are off now, unless everyone stops picking on Donnie he's going to retweet a fox tweet every hour on the hour! What a joke.
We're more focused on your treason, but nice try.
Mayor de Blasio is a disgrace !
-(1/2) de Blasio betrayed all of the citizens of NYC. He betrayed all of dedicated NYC police officers, and he offended and betrayed the
shut that off we don't want here fake new from fox or trump

Your game of going lower and lower is stronger than ever. Anyone who supports what you're doing should be ashamed.
@realDonaldTrump 

2.
June 9: Trump tweets about Clinton’s missing 33,000 emails
deBlasio is a disgraceful excuse for a mayor. He should come home with his tail tucked between his legs. . .
Don't you have bigger things to think about like what day is visiting day in prison to see Junior?
this is heartbreaking. My grandson wants to be a Trooper and this scares me. Are our police safe doing their duty protecting the citizens?
Once again please allow me to introduce the TV Critic #potus - he even sucks at this stupid job. #sad #TrumpCrimeFamily
Good he's disgusting
Yes I still can't get my head round the fact he's a president?...!
@realDonaldTrump to be clear, you knew nothing of the meeting?
Your tweet contradicts that.June 9, 2016 you tweeted about 1.
U're jealous u can't cite/retweet cnn and friends, msnbc and friends etc. What? Out of the circle, like ur acceptance in nyc. We hate u.
日銀黒田は、お金がなくて困っているアメリカのために、日本円を無制限に印刷して為替操作してきました。　日本はハイパーインフレで餓死します。

 http://reut.rs/2t7AvPS  
What is wrong with him anyway?????Hope he never needs NYPD services
Rattling the cage of you base will not keep Jr. out of jail. Lock em up!
Not important rn as Trump, his administration & fam are being investigated for the federal crime of treason & foreign power solicitation
@CNN @NYCMayor Maybe we can take him skipping in the Hudson River oops not a good idea the fish will jump out!!
DePukeo needs 2 stay over w his commi buddies! We up NY put him in unemployment line!
Do we file this under satire, entertainment, russia or oops made a mistake, will retract?
The man is worthless. Hope he doesn't come back. Can you revoke his passport?
He skipped?!? Watching local #Faux and they reported and showed him paying his respect at funeral home in da Bx? Is this #FakeNews

PENCE MAKES A SURPRISE ANNOUNCEMENT:   GOP is 'days, or maybe just weeks away' from repealing Obamacare   http://cnn.it/2t76i3p 
No one cares.
Disgraceful actions by De Blasio.  Our country and our police need to be backed.
The mayor is a disgrace to the citizens he is supposed to support and represent.
@realDonaldTrump
He is so evil! Please give the NEW Yorkers a new mayor!
@realDonaldTrump If it's on Fox it has to be total bullshit. Period!
de Blasio thinks HE is President...No!! You are not! Jerry Brown is President!!

Economic freedom is at hand...#RiseUp #Nationalist
May de Blasio shld be fired from his job & investigated for Treason-he can protest he on his own because he is a citizen of THIS country but
#FailingFAKEpresident #ImpeachTrumpNow #25thAmendmentNow  @GOP
ahould never be less important, so Americans of all will know clearly that what is right to do & what is wrong to stop as a good responsible
@realDonaldTrump  Are your powers of persuasion so weak that you've got to buy your own Congress?
.
THIS IS AN EXAMPLE,
THAT IT IS THE POLITICALLY CORRUPT 
WHO UNDERMINE THE POLICE
PREVENTING THEM FROM
@realDonaldTrump "skipping"? You act like he was sitting at home in his pajamas. He made sure to be back for the funeral.
Fox news help the Russian government attack America .Trump followers are a cult
Do you have any thoughts that aren't completely petty?
America will not fall. Steady as a Rock.
Democracy is the government of the People, by the People, for the People!
Let's recap

Who: Trump family…
He is disrespectful and ruining the city get him out! I have other choice words but it's not polite
C'mon the 1 term mayor is pandering for the black vote like ALL democrats do...back the blue lose the black.

You know fox is fake news right? Can we stop this joke? Fox is entertainment not news. That how they get away with lies. Your stupid Mr.P
"Facts are not true?" So when does Fox hire this guy? Or is the White House planning to do that?
Fox is not a real news organization.  It should be called Fox Variety or Fox Talk Show.  Calling it news is a misuse of the word.

Calling all Trumps, particularly Jr, ORANGE is the NEW BLACK.
And trump continues to fuel the rage and separate America we are a third world nation in 4 years if this clown is allowed to continue
Vote that loser out of office
What a crappy mayor
Wow. Way to show support for your PD. This Mayor is unbelievable. I couldn't never work for someone like that.
What if I told you that most of the US knows ur a lier and pretty much the rest of the world (besides russia) knows as well. Bahahha
U HAVE AN ANTI COP ATMOSPHERE BECAUSE OF THE CROOKED RACIST COPS IN  UR RANKS.  CLEAN UP THE DEPT & GET THE CRUDS OUT.  STOP PASSING BLAME 
@FBI @SenatorBurr @MarkWarner subpoena EMAILS of Trump, Don Jr. Jared and the SERVER of Trump Tower. #TrumpEmails
Missing the real news today! Treasonous @DonaldJTrumpJr! @gop & @SpeakerRyan should be mortified and running from this administration.

Bush 43 WH ethics lawyer on Don Jr. mtg: “Let's cut through the baloney here” — when Russians offer oppo, you call the FBI (via @KatyTurNBC) 
lilibaker0@gmail.com
Mayor is an embarrassment. So disrespectful to fallen officers family
Blasio needs to be replaced, it's obvious he doesn't care about the NYPD! Support the Police 
Disgusting traitor!
He had better plans - I bet to meet with these people  https://world-politicus.com/2017/07/08/obama-goes-g20-summit/ …
Mayor Di Blasio is a NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE!!! THE NYPD turned their backs!!! GOOD
The mayor should be ashamed of himself!
Did they really think that this mayor cared??
Can you impeach a mayor??? This one really needs to go
They need to dump this dumb a.. He's a joke and really doesn't care about NYer's.
He wasnt Muslim Sharia Law, thats why.
Blasio is a disgrace...how can New Yorkers be ok with this! Impeach his ass. He's trash!
You're posting fake news and you're suppose to be the President of USA. Please find a life outside twitter.Retweeting fake news is Pitiful.
What about the POS judge that let murderer day before he left out WITH NO BAIL. 
NYC, Chicago, LA are modern Sodom and Gomorrah.
That's nothing.  Trump cut the NYPD FUNDING!!!!
did you attend Philando's funeral?
Absolutely right! That de Blasio is an embarrassment to America. He needs to be kicked out of office. New York is too important.

..and be the leader of the free world. He said Obama was weak while he cowards & plays to Putin. I wonder why? Trumps Russian bank ties?..
He dont care
Does @foxandfriends tell you which propaganda pieces to retweet or do you do it all by yourself?
Can't distract the world from your illegitimacy
Where did YOU give your condolences to the children of Officer Famalia??? #guncontrol
