Fake News as defined by Donald J Trump... pretend Time Magazine Cover,
President Obama was not born in United States, my crowds are larger?!
Don't get us started on Obummer's birth place,  sealed records, dividing our country,  the list goes on. ..
Paul Ryan is an elected official. Trump can't fire him. 
We stand with Trump....build the wall....
hi punkin its me
a wall will not keep drugs out
... boats, planes, postal service, tunnels, ropes, ladders, catapults
gee, get a clue
The only thing fake about the Media is when they report facts about the Fake President.
Oh, you mean the one that didn't win...Hillary? ?
Do you think you can quit tweeting. And get back to your promise s.   On your campaign. Do what you said. Not what best for your bank accoun
We love the tweets. They are not going anywhere. He donates his entire salary. Get a life already.
Build the Wall!! 
yeah spend $36 billion for a few ft while they pay $36 for a ladder!
take media?clown dressed in a potus suit#!fake pres.
No talk of wall, lmao. Have you actually done anything? Ohhh Donny small handed Donny , the truth is not fake. Bless its little hands
@MariamTheMighty "ART OF THE DEAL" Illegals build the wall, in return they get a work permit NOT citizenship


#JusticeForLaVoyFinicum
I hope so, Mr President. We are counting on you You're the only one who has the balls to do it PLEASE, don't let us down #BuildTheWall #MAGA
Donald the media is reporting facts,
Where's the wall?  Oh, there is none -- is that fake news too?  Guess what, just because its bad news doesn't mean it's fake.
Sen. Cruz proposes to use the money seized from El Chapo....sheer poetic justice!  Great press too!
Is that even possible?  I sure hope so.  Poetic justice---YES
Notice how the left awaits justice loses their minds in continuous hate rages. But we just sit around and hope! (which side has the virtue?)
Guess what #DonTheCon .... The wall isn't going to be built now. #NoWall
We will build and pay for the wall if you promise to stay on the Mexico side of the wall. You r a disgrace to America!
you are playing to your rascist, misogynistic, nationalistic base.  if you read you'd know  wall ain't going to do much except cost taxpayer money that could be used to go after  owners of the compay that lied about efficacy of opiods when they knew they lied.
меня сперва пустите в Америку потом закроем границу
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, hu...
And you'll get a check from Mexico right, trump?
No, a border wall would not significantly curb drug smuggling https://www.factopolis.com/claims/border-wall-would-significantly-curb-drug-smuggling/ …
It's a scam! They climb right over it and dig under and fly over it stupid ! Quit wasting our money!
Your wall won't get built douchebag..you'll be out of office soon.
Use your own money! Pay for stuff your self and not use all ours! Thief!
@MariamTheMighty
@MariamTheMighty illegals build the wall, they get a work permit. ART OF THE DEAL
They should get automatically US citizenship
@MariamTheMighty illegals build the wall, they get a work permit to stay
If you elect a clown, expect a circus!
That is not why you want the WALL and you and Putin know it.
No offense this idea sucks don't get me wrong I hate drug dealers too but their everywhere criminals well find their way threw
Also illegal immigrants should be able to be here too they come for jobs because Mexico can't offer much. My mom came for work long ago
You know something the wall WON'T DO SHIT president Trump the criminals will find their way they will
Mach ,,die CDU Merkel Mafia kaputt 
Deutschland  versinkt im Multikulti Scheiss 
Putin . Höcke  Gauland  Orban        Trump  die Freidenker und Republikaner .
Nice.

Taxpayers pay for your play time.  You pay for your wall.
The heroine in america is worse than ever, that doesn't have anything to do w our military in afganIstan does it????
@SarahHuckabee i will sell ladders to pay for hc
Trump banned transgender ppl from the military to fund A RACIST MONUMENT "WALL"THAT TRUMP SAID MEXICO WOULD PAY FOR!
Trump banned transgender service members to secure funding to build border wall, Politico reports 
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/26/trump-transgender-military-ban-behind-the-scenes-240990 …

Trump banned transgender service members to secure funding to build border wall, Politico reports 
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/26/trump-transgender-military-ban-behind-the-scenes-240990 …



What's "etc", douchepuddle?

Make it a SOLAR WALL=$ & energy to liquefy LNG shipping from Gulf-peel off DEMs shame the greenies-ya got them on the run! Produce 5Gigawatt




2)we have a opiate epidemic on our hands. What are we doing about the heroin coming from Afghanistan? Heroin is killing Americans!
1) I think human trafficking is most important! Contrary to the MSM lies, 90% of americas heroin comes from Afghanistan not Mexico.
Hope making it able to produce solar & also wind energy is actually feasible. Would be great.
We know they lie and think People are stupid. We are smart & know whom to trust! They have become irrelevant. #MAGA
And Mexico is going to pay for it right?  U did ask their pres. right? I hope U were not too scared to ask since we know how strong u r
Who going to pay for the wall you said Mexico would. Now you want us too. No sir
@SarahHuckabee billions wasted as they spend $36 for a ladder.
silly
Yea dont watch Fox
One thought, Maginot Line.
We NEVER listen to their garbage except to laugh
love the truth in the Tweets #45 sends to us
keep them coming!!!!!
That sound fine, but you still need field and farm workers. Maybe designing a plan for temporary jobs in your fields and farms would be good
Dawn let off shade shoving poses on the wall of a bullet-posted fist.
Mr. President, When do you foresee attempting to get this thru Congress?
