#Trump－only #POTOS excluded－claim part of #OneAmericaAppeal #HuricaneIrma＆#HuricaneHarvey #relief－after push④$929M cut
#RT#Video②#Resist
5 #US #Presidentsbanded togetherto form the
#OneAmericaAppeal campaign to provide#Relieffor #HurricaneIrma＆#HurricaneHarvey#Victims
#OneAmericaAppeal  campaign was kicked off w/ this#video w/ All Living #Presidents…EXCEPT #TrumpYet Trump implies member too
#RT
Huh? You're not "in"with the #OneAmericaAppeal Popular and Cool Crowd! So SAD you had to try to push your way in!
Your mean
Do you mean, "you're mean"? Just telling it like it is! Trump is a liar, a racist, a crook, a sexual predator & not fit for the office!
Are you shitting me Don??? You don't count. Your words mean nothing. You're evil.
For this alone he should have been denied to run. How cruel can a person be?Trump is a criminal at WH
What the hell are you doing??? No debt ceiling?? Chuckie? Pelosi? You OBVIOUSLY forgot who put you there and why!!
Just waking up to see what a liar and con man he is?  Welcome back, we missed your sanity.
Some of the things he's doing.. directly against what he promised..that doesn't fly with me no matter who it is. He can be voted out quick
We can only hope.  Now, if we can get a few honest people to run....
I agree Lynn let's see if the Tea Party can put a straight shooter out there.. obviously the Rhinos can't..
Spread the word Susan!
Oh I will honey no worries 
"Oh ya, I was SUPER busy and couldnt make it...they totally invited me but, you know, with like all the hurricanes and stuff."
But they're clearly NOT PROUD to stand with you. You were not invited. You are not in their league, you low rent con artist. #25thAmendment
Awww, the other REAL Presidents left you out?
They didn't invite you to participate. Even they won't claim you as President.
How's the hoax theory working out for you?
Yes intern!
The real presidents didn't invite you to join and they certainly don't need any help from you, Comrade.
They don't like you. You will never stand with them. Impeached presidents get the Lance Armstrong treatment. Your term will be erased
They will NEVER stand with you.. you have NO  Compassion.
Why won't you approve aid for fires in Montana and Oregon?
Boom.
No thank you. Btw, are you legal??? 
damn glad I wasn't drinking when I read this. you proved how you feel by cutting funds to FEMA, EPA, USDA
Five real presidents taking care of the citizens. You're not one of them. So pathetic that you try to glom on and take credit for nothing.
When you are a former President (which will hopefully be VERY soon), *then* you can stand w/them. Until then, do your job (for a change).
I personally would not give to that #OneAmericanAppeal   Goes right in their pockets and not where it needs to go!
Ha ha ha, you were snubbed.  Real presidents don't want to be seen beside #nationalembarrassmentdonaldtrump
This is a good place to donate your million.
You're not standing with them. You weren't invited.
JUST IN: All 5 living former US presidents come together to announce http://OneAmericaAppeal.org  fundraising effort for #Harvey relief. 
Sit down, Donnie. They've got this.
Were you in the picture? Did they leave you out? Did you miss your flight.
The question is whether they are proud to stand with you. Doubt that since even the GOP Bushes refused to vote for you. #standforethics

How about the challange of #ClimateChange ?
Maybe don't cut the disaster relief funding? That's how you should help.
Well that's obvious, because everything he has done is horrendous. Of course you don't realize it though, you're just as ignorant as he is.
I think the fact that you can't admit when he does right even though you don't like him shows your ignorance, not mine. Thanks though! :)
Lol k, get out of here with your privileged ass. He has done NOTHING GOOD OR RIGHT. Can't wait until he does something that affects you.
You are totally entitled to your opinion, just as I am entitled to mine. Have a wonderful day, Cole! :)
They don't want you. That's why you're not in the video. None of us want you. Resign. Immediately.
sick of your cow towing to all the DEMS! I voted for you but NEVER AGAIN!
Get over it, you won.
The one weekend you didn't go to Florida- sad
Did they invite you, wait let me check video, no trump
No no no!!! You don't belong with the former Presidents. You see, the difference between them & you is they all shared their tax returns.
Real Presidents don't invite the #fakepresident
Lol. You still can't sit at the real presidents' table.
Oh, did you not see that you're not invited? This is for people with actual souls.

You weren't asked to join the club.
Where's that 1 million $???
Nope, still can't see Trump in the video
NO one wants you to stand with the former presidents, because you are not considered as a president.
He feels like ..!! And he needs attention poor orange scream baby  BLAAAAAAAAAHH
As usual, try to hijack the efforts of others. Hurt your fragile ego that these 5 True Leaders didn't want you included? You are such a SHAM
You didn't even make the cut. Even GWB got invited! 
Sorry #45 you weren't invited to stand with anyone. #whatchagonnadowhentheycomeforyou
Dude stop
#OneAmericanAppeal presidents involved on one mission #humanityfirst yet @POTUS44 was always attacked by hypocrite @POTUS #StopTrumpInsanity
LMAO, Did they invite you to join the party?  Think NOT!  #resign
Ummm....there's a REASON they didn't ask you to join them...you must first be a REAL President.. sorry, but you don't qualify to join them!
Are you crashing the Party? because the way i see it posted, You were not invited.. You must feel like shit
You were NOT included in their foundation or the messaging. You tweet these words and action speaks very differently!
But those Presidents were not with you in the video.
They didn't ask you. 
But they don't want to stand with you.  Wonder why, Dishonest Donny?
Yeah,
You see the video was real Presidents not for Fake President.That's why you were not invited man.They didn't need Russia to win.
They didn't want you. Told you that you will always be the least popular kid picked to play!
They don't stand with you.  The other five living Presidents got together and didn't invite you.  You're not included.  End. Of. Story.
But you were not invited to stand with them. Sad for you.
Don't think for 1 second you can't be removed!! Soooo disappointed & let down!!
Were you asked to stand with them? Don't know if they need or want your help. They are a pretty solid group without your "help"!
They didn't ask you, Sir. You were excluded from the real living presidents club. Only people capable of empathy allowed. Sad.
But THEY wouldn't be proud to stand with YOU.
But they didn't ask you because they don't like you.
What do you mean you 'stand with'? You're not part of it, are you?  Interesting
Pretty sure you were excluded for a reason....
I don't think the @REALPresidents invited u or needed u. Stand strong USA for this cause no matter what pol party ur with #OneAmericaAppeal
Stand in some strong resigning winds. We would all like those winds. #resist
@realDonaldTrump any challenge but the fires devastating western United States.
They don't want you in there space find your own pls and sit down
Will you please step down
I'm surprised they got as much as 3%
The Ex-President's club right now:
Right??? They're all like...
Prove it
Call me
The only other five living Presidents got together, didn't want you there, and you were so embarrassed you felt compelled to tweet "me too."
Then confront the fact that you are a child and should not be a president. Please step aside so the grown ups can take over.
Didn't get invited to the party? Hmmm, trying to call yourself president? You are an embarrassment. Every. Single. Day. Please resign 
One America Appeal is a rip-off donation scam. Clinton's/Obama/Bush Sr stole Billions from Haiti disaster. Google it. Salvation Army is best
That is funny, you weren't in the picture....  oh....
Great...@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
Let's see how all that talk actually turns to action. SOUTH FLORIDA IS WATCHING YOU DUDE!!! When you actually HELP us then you can talk.

It's unbelievable that Trump appointees at State/DOJ are opposing JW's efforts to expose truth on #Clinton scandals.
http://jwatch.us/kRFyQt  
Mami , mammi  why i was not invited ? Mami they don't like me , mami ? But i have the whole cake for me . Im not sharing my cake !!
Yeah, don't count on any donations if @BillClinton is involved. #ClintonFoundation #Haiti
Haitian people did not see a dime of the money donated to the Clinton Foundation. Media covers up #OneAmericaAppeal #StopBetsy #Hannity 
Uh...not invited...what does that tell you
AMERICA IS GONNA HOLD YOU TO THAT LIAR! BECAUSE THE WINDS OF BOB ARE HOWLING & YOUR IN HOT HOT WATER UP TO YOUR EARS THE REST IS CONCRETE!!!
You're a #FakePresident who will go down in history as the WORST "prez" ever!!!!
Love  my President! #AmericaFirst #ImWithHim
"WE"as in "NOT YOU", they are subtle, you obviously missed that, but who ever accused you Of subtlety. #SentToCoventry
Exactly
ONLY HUMPTY TRUMPTY IS ARROGANT ENOUGH TO THINK HE WAS PART OF AMERICA'S BEST LEADERS. HE WILL NEVER BE A TRUE LEADER.
How about you worry about acting like at least a decent human being and focus on learning how to be a president
Or how many nukes you wave around.
Sucks to be excluded, doesn't it?
Who was left out? I don't think you will ever be part of that club. Impeached Presidents in Prison are not allowed in that fraternity.
Did they ask you?
Well looks like though racism & treason can get you into the WH, they'll NEVER get you respect or popular votes or support from your party
You weren't invited. Pushing this will make you appear too needy. And weak. People do not trust you. The nation is ashamed of you. # resign.
Mr. President Sir-Will there be help from the United Nations for our people affected by Hurricanes Harvey & Irma?
@Gentleman_jak if there's one thing we know it's that hope floats and you can't keep a Trumper down! Rise up
They do not stand with you.
Mr. Rump, the Americans in the two rotten apples selected the more rotten one, really sad ah! Sorrow of the world!
ar_scotty#J.I.A. Jesus is with Pres. Trump. Like Peter you'll walk the waters and stand protected in the winds of life. God is with you sir.
Fucking hell. It's one thing to be the most horrible people alive today but did you really have to try to run a country. R.I.P U.S.A
#Psalm109_8 THE Bible prayer for @realdonaldtrump #Psalm109_8
#MAGA
America for sale by trump , his family and friends by the way u trumpets are like rabbits having baby’s let’s hope u don’t need food stamps

Hmm...You weren't invited? Can't imagine why! What is that Sesame St song? One of these things is not like the others? You are an aberration
How about showing some intelligence & confronting climate change!! The other Presidents believed in it.
Then confront your party and demand they send #MedicareForAll to your desk to be signed. Get the dam GREED out of our healthcare industries!
Except you're not a president and no one asked you
don, the Presidents have not invited nor do they view you worthy of standing with them.
We love you, your wife and family. Thank you for all of your efforts. Don't let them wear you down. Stay strong, may God bless you +yours
Help! Get Gov Mapp USVI to release control of security on St John USVI to prevent more looting/robbery.  Americans trapped in island chaos.
I heard those presidents ordered you a table for one.
You weren't invited to this party. So sad. Maybe you can pay your way in by throwing a couple million at it. Your best bet, anyway.
So you the Mexican they gonna beat you up
You have deep pockets but small hands. I'm not expecting you'll be donating anything.
Right! That's why you were kind enough to open Mar-A-Lago to the public in need of a shelter! Oh, wait, a- hole!

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
You're not invited. Your lack of empathy for anyone, doesn't put you anywhere close to these past presidents. SAD. 
Your pride is meritless.
Dude. You weren't invited? Only REAL presidents are invited. You are the Russian impostor.
The other presidents didn't invite you to #OneAmericaAppeal
To late.. Sorry your resort got hit. We will not pay for it
Unfortunately for you the feeling is not mutual, which is why you were not invited.
You were no where in the recording.   Gee, I wonder why. ....This tweet is pathetic .
This is sad. You weren't invited.
Dude, you were so like not invited. Sad.
The past presidents' voices are a unifying force of good. You don't belong in a video with them.
Dude, they don't want you. You're just a massive fail at this point who has proven time and time again he DGAF about the ppl.
You were not invited to the cool kids club. Guess why!
Haha!  They didn't include you!  That's b/c you're Pres in name only, not by action!
Thank you President Trump for being our President .  I am behind you 100%.  Thank you for protecting us.   I now feel safe.
U are not anywhere near who those 5 are. You were not invited
They all feel dirty having stood next 2you. Christ even Nixon would need a shower after shaking ur hand. #ITMFA #heeltheunitedstaesofcovfefe
Can you Stand?
Are they proud to stand with you, though? I sincerely doubt that, because you're a ridiculous moron and they were Presidents of the USA.
you
You say this now but you are rude to all of them. You are the bully nobody wants to be around, not even at their funeral. You are unworthy!
Great job! BPE
They would have invited you if they wanted you involved. You were illegitimately elected so you are not one of those honorable presidents.
You aren't part of the group. Don't act as though you are.
Not a tweet from you. No exclamation points. Someone has their choke collar on you. #thatsfunny #whodoesdonnyworkfor #kellysbitch #hahahaha
No comparison
How come you were left out?
You're not a real boy, Pinocchio.
Talking about this? 
Jumping on the bandwagon, still trying to be one of the cool kids? Hahaha, you're textbook pathetic, no matter the title or the money. 
Nothing he does we'll ever make the anti Trump crowd happy.  I'm beginning to think they like being miserable
Hahaha AGAIN! The intelligent ones didn't even THINK to invite you I mean they had BUSH JR. there but didn't go as low as you! #Reject
Show us your tax returns. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
You weren't included in the group of presidents. It's sick that you're enjoying "press coverage" talking about the devastation in the South.

We ALL need to get on our knees and ask GOD to turn the storm and calm the winds!
You're no president, Trump.
You can barely speak or spell.
You're a bad joke and you humiliate yourself on a daily basis.

On Friday, we'll know who visited @realDonaldTrump at his Mar-a-Lago club. But we already know how much it's costing us. 
Dude they don't like nor respect you
@POTUS  and your grifter family can't touch a dime of the money. I didn't see where you were part of it anyway.
this is one club in which YOU WILL ALWAYS BE AN OUTCAST!
DON'T EXPECT ANY ONE OF THEM TO REACH OUT TO SOON OR AT ALL!!
You weren't invited.
If the 5 living REAL presidents wanted ur support they would have asked!
u will ALWAYS BE KNOW IN HISTORY TO BE A FAKE FAILURE 4 A POTUS!
You're not standing with them, traitor. You're not fit to carry their water.
Seems all FIVE of them aren't too proud or eager to stand anywhere NEAR you.  Petulant much. #DonnyNotInvited
Traitorous trump, they did not invite you to stand with them...
Well, past presidents .... took Trump to show you how to do it.  It's called being PRO active..... not REactive. Big blow yards.
You mean stand with REAL Presidents, not reality show versions. #snowflakeintheWH #LiarInChief
You weren't invited.
You are not part of the #OneAmericaAppeal. Does it bother you to be left out? Says a lot about who/what you are. Loser.
You weren't invited
You weren't included. I'm sure that was intentional, because you kind of suck at being either a good person, or a good leader.
AMEN
We didn't think you were invited 45 so sorry...
Climate change
You're NOT Included. Only REAL Presidents, NOT Traitors and Russian Placed Presidents and ENTIRE ADMINISTRATION!!
How about a shout out to Mexico! What help are you sending them after they helped in Harvey?
They didn't invite you, traitor #ImpeachTrump
