Good grief Rasmussen has you at 44.9. Why must you  lie about everything? Oh and just heads up you will never ever be better than Obama. Obama has more class and intelligence than you ever will.
#Delusional
@jackschofield While Our President simply tweets a thought, Jack has to tweet a book in response
Trump is the kid sitting alone at lunch who comes home and tells mom he's really popular...only I'd hug that kid and Trump will kill us all

#Fakenews #delusional
Lying again.his lips are moving!!
Definitely there is something terribly wrong with your ability to assimilate facts. Your brain twists everything and you are disillusioned
It's like he is dyslexic what he sees is not necessarily what's there. So he has to improvise he confuse up for down left for right
Everyday I count my blessings for @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
Didn't know a poll could be accurate. But wishing it's true. GOD BLESS OUR GREAT PRESIDENT
Stay drunk snowflake
In your dreams liar! It actually is 38%. You're 100% Liar tho!
Need to stop getting carried away on this gun stuff... Leave the gun shows alone..geesh... it's not about guns... it's about mental health and school protection.... don't punish all Americans...for these crazy people....smdh
Actually Me. President we believe it to be much higher. Don't believe polls. 
Try again:

"As we begin President Donald Trump's second year in office, the president's approval ratings are at the lowest level for any modern president at this point in his first term at just 39 percent." 

Let's not forget we're no longer #1 in World Leadership thanks to you!

They're all haters Mr President.  You do you and keep up the good work!
you can't keep his name out of your mouth huh
Just another lie    #worstever
Why are so obsessed with a former GREAT President? Are you that insecure? Stop lying , start leading !   If I was still in the Marines under you I would have resigned, you have NO HONOR!!!!
My understanding is that you can't trust or believe in polls just as you couldn't believe in the Labor Departments unemployment figures????
And especially not DUM-BO
You can't even for a second accept that you will NEVER be loved or even liked by us and we will ALWAYS LOVE AND REVERE Obama. Sad.
That's the problem, you think you speak for everyone and you don't. Elitist
Your nose is going to start growing.
You must mean your nose! Yes it's like surpasses Pinocchios by far.
Needless to say, that's not true. Aren't you embarrassed that the fact checkers have to keep correcting you?
You Are A Troll! If You Do Not Like Trump, Then Do Not Hang On His Every Word And Boo! Do Not Follow His Tweets! Easy Pezy
I'm not a troll and I don't even follow him. It's just that I tell the truth when his lies come up in my timeline....
Tell me one lie! You're so mainstream media and they are so anti-President Trump that's not what this country needs!
You're a deluded moron. @realDonaldTrump is  pathological liar who based his whole career on lies, including the racist #birther lie about @POTUS44
Love me some Trump
Yewwwww! Sick!!!
You need a shooting og congressmen that temporarily unites congress OR bombing a country to get your approval ratings up to 50%. SAD!
39%
Righ
I haven't seen you tweet about this poll lately.  You are down to 40% on Aug 16.  Is it still one of the most accurate?  Bad and Sad.
Delusional. 90% of the entire planet doesn't approve of you even breathing on this earth. 99% love Obama. Not O u disrespectful twit
AP poll: #Trump approval 35%, disapproval 64%: http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/338092-trump-disapproval-hits-64-percent-in-ap-poll … (#TrumpRussia #TrumpFail #TrumpLowApproval)
In Trumps world, it's accurate even if it's extremely biased. As reflected by his treatment of the disabled and minority races.
Is that the new Russian poll
You are obsessed and pathetic. No wonder you are hated by the UK
LOL, Donald.
Actually the IBD/TIPP poll is the most accurate and it says your approval rating is 37%...
Ooops: the most accurate Poll now saying you suck http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/trumps-approval-rating-just-dropped-to-a-new-low-in-his-favorite-poll/ar-AApaSmv?li=BBmkt5R&ocid=spartanntp …
How's that Rasmussen Poll doing' big guy?

Actually that sucks for you as that is primarily a Republican based poll. So now you only have 50% of your own base approving of you?   
And you believe that LIE??!
And to think you have dropped 3 points since then.
Ummm no Don.
QUACK, QUACK!! DON'T WORRY ABOUT OBAMA, AND POLLS. WATCH YOUR BACK. IT WON'T BE A PUBLIC ENEMY THAT TAKES YOU DOWN; IT WILL BE A JUDAS....
Wow. Half of the people in US think you're useless.
Fake news !!!
Stop worrying about your approval ratings from polls, put down the golf clubs and actually do some work.
How great is that!!! #MakeAmericaGreat
Hey @realDonaldTrump Are you going to mention that @Rasmussen_Poll has you at 47%-53% .. Ha, even with their skewed results .. That's crap!
That means 50% against you - -  no absolute majority of the people is behind you
Little boy president. Pička
In my neighborhood(a Red one at that) your rating is at 15%
Well, it's 36 today, Oh Master. I guess people are getting to know you. #impeachnow
You are a joke.
Until the next one
You're so pathetic...
Your  a liar!!! Your polls are no where near 50%. Your making stuff up again!
Did your daily approval rating drop again today because Ford announced they're going to build the Focus in China?

Let's ask Hillary about the polls! LOL
Let's look at Rasmussen today....
We're All living in a Reality TV Show now, Sad! We were all expecting much more. How will History Remember this crazy time we're in now...


CBS NEWS POLL: At 36%, Pres. Trump's approval rating is now his lowest in CBS News Polls since becoming president http://cbsn.ws/2rLMcQs  
About time somebody figured it out that u have been working not like the demos
Donny needs an ego boost. Its been a whole 3 1/2 minutes since someone kissed his dimpled A$$.
again Liar.
Love you Donald
This is a reliable poll.
When was the last time you told the truth? What were your first words?
So 45 how are those polls working out for you...,..crickets   Loser
All depends on how they take the poll and who's taking the poll.   It can show approval or disapproval.   Polls are unreliable at the most.
OMG, do you even check?  Obama's was at 56% 
http://time.com/4822956/donald-trump-tweets-rasmussen-poll-barack-obama/ … This is a right-wing site!  UNRELIABLE & wrong. #TrumpRussia
And those sailors who died...families don't give a crap about your obsession with poll numbers
Sorry to burst the #AlternativeUniverse #AlternativeEarth swamp bubble world, but that's just #AlternativeFacts #FakeNews
snorting
God - can you ever not lie?
QUACK, QUACK, DONALD DUCK!!!! STUXNET! YOU ACTUALLY DIDN'T WIN!! PROBLEM IS NO ONE CAN GO PUBLIC BECAUSE WE INVENTED IT, AND USED IT FIRST.
That's bullshit and we know it
Nope. There you go thinking that saying it makes it true.
What a joke. You and the poll
#Trump approval hits low point (36%) in CBS poll: http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/338535-poll-trumps-handling-of-russia-investigations-weighing-down-his … (#TrumpRussia #TrumpFail #TrumpLowApproval)
If you could blow yourself you would...
Trump, you hate to see Obama, our President of color, so well loved.
Just one more lie from you, President Obama was at 56!
What a crock. The poll I just saw that came out today had you at a 36% rating & said it was lowest of all presidents. Is your nose growing?
WHY ARE YOU SO OBSESSED WITH OBAMA!!!! #getalife
what is it now...or are they now fake news
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's ...

We the people deserve the right to know if B. O. ,LYNCH FACE AND RICE  CAKE WERE SPYING ON THE AMERICAN PEOPLE  #GET THOSE RECORDS
More trixon fake news
Don't believe that. His approval rating has to be 100 %. He is the best President we've had that I can remember and I'm old. 
Trump, you are a liar first class. Shame on you!!!!!!!!!!!
With you all the way sir.pls have Muller fired. We will suoport you.listen to Gingrich & Pirro.Stop press gaggles. bad guys
You are being mocked, satirized, criticized, hated and so much more..... isn't that something to be proud of?!! Never seen anything like it!
stop your BS, Don.
You set a new record low for you in the Rasmussen poll at 42 percent today, why aren't you tweeting about that? Or at least how they suck!
You tweeted this 2 days ago why do you repeat yourself all the time do you have an ego complex
You are a liar.
Ur delusional
Not bad only half the country hates you. Way to unify people

Yes, Trump's approval numbers are even worse than we thought https://bloom.bg/2gLs9dy  via @BV 
You're so easily fooled , like a child . Sad!
....SOMEONE YOU TRUST, SOMEONE WHO CLAIMS ALEGIANCE, SOMEONE WHO HAS THE GOODS ON YOU. HMMM, WHERE'S BANNON? SPICER? KELLY? CONWAY? HMM?!?!
@SenateGOP 
NO HIGH CRIMES for doing constitutionally allowed action
No more tweeting about these CAREER DEEP STATE CROOKS
Dude, time for a med check
In your dream your rate is crumbling down boooo and get over it you will never be as great as O, so quit trying to destroy his legacy. #fake
If the truth were ever told,  86% of America voted for you! Actual Americans
Id say president trumps approval rating is probably only about 78-82% because the left probably has it rigged otherwise it would be 92% +

Lol okay nut job
Fake news
Your approval rating will NEVER be higher than Obama's!! He was an intelligent, kind, thoughtful man, you're a pathetic, petulant child!!
You DEMS wouldn't say anything  cause you've been fed shit by OBAMA for the past 8 years.....all BULLSHIT
Do you really believe this or do you just want us to?
Then why was "O" such a better president?
HAHAHA
Putz
Come on now Donald, everyone in America knows your approval numbers are among the worst in the historical record. Please get your facts str8
It is in reality much higher, pls know this. I am out here, I see the support! We very much appreciate your hard work for us. Very much.
Single payer, jobs on main street, everyone paying fair share in taxes, fund public education, free community college and then you will move
WRONG
Hey Trump! What's your favorite Poll have you at now! Why don't you tweet what your approval rating at today? BAH HA HA HA
The polls don't reflect your popularity. They said you couldn't win but you did.
wrong: Rasmussen June 2009 : Obama's approval rating was 54-58 %,higher than yours.Check your facts before you tweet.
That's funny every single poll out there shows you've never broke 40% lowest approval ratings of any president in history
That can't be true. You're delusional. I'm sorry for your presidency. Nobody's perfect but you're definitely far from that!
Get off of Twitter tho. You've got work to do 
#fakeasspoll
look at other polls. trump worse president EVER
Sorry your approval is 38%at best! But bragging and beating yourself on the chest is your signature.  Shallow little man!!
HaHa...That 55.4% was the disapproval of you. Your approval rate from the poor dumb klutz is 38%. Obama was never that low
LMAO! I have family members seriously regretting voting for you, and friends that won't admit they did
Haha!
That is a lie, you're in the 30's no matter how much you keep saying it, it's not going to come true.

Why must you continue to lie to puff up your ego?? Fake news and lies. You will NEVER be even a tenth of the great man Obama was. NEVER.
Down to 39 Cheeto. #wampwamp
Hidden in Polls - it's about age - 67% of 18-34 yo Americans disapprove of Trump, 19% approve! Hail to Millennials!!
Fuck this is what you first think about when you get up? Yes we know you were watching @FoxNews too because they were talking about that.
