
Carter made peace at Camp David. Ur unworthy of it. Like ur pal @newtgingrich ur life legacy is a toxic blend of public & private depravity.
There are seven families who are suffering right now but I am glad you are having a good time. You're beyond vile.
He called the parents. What more do you want?
And how do you know he called the parents?
Because that's what he does. He has done it every time. I don't need anyone to tell me who he is.
Neither do I and he's more concerned about himself than the people who have their lives for this country. Shameful.

Thank you. Sadly, nothing is enough for these resist cults.
Before they found their bodies. Try again.  And what didn't age well (from your other tweet)?
Can you just go there rather than Mara Lago. Much cheaper for the American people as we are paying for your travel.
Well said
Are they cracking down on your "off time" spending? Have to "slum" for a while? Budgets suck, don`t they?
Why did you tell the Attorney General to leave the room?
You are a classless bafoon. Our service men and women deserve so much better.

we drove by there yesterday, guess we need an invite to stop in MAGA
It's best to shake your clothes out.  There might be roaches from the last guy.
so govt entity can run things very effieciently after all!!!
Fumigate
I'm sure they tolerated your presence with dignity and honour. Something I could never do.
Happy father's day to the noble #POTUS
I'm happy you had a good fathers day
So proud that today you honored the seven brave Sailors who lost their lives...right?
Bet they wished you were spending the weekend on the range instead. #TargetPractice
I guess you couldn't find 3 minutes to tweet about the 7 dead sailors. Time for the poll numbers, though.
Nothing he does will be good enough for you people
Glad you enjoyed. Happy Father's Day!
I have $5 says you don't ever go there again!!!
But it has no toilets made of gold so that will be your last visit right?
NJ thanks you- please dont come back!
Happy Fathers Day Mr. President!
Will you resign now?
Make us that Honor
Go pack and take your circus with you
Says the jackass who talked about how bad it was
You do good poop
Takes so much Democrat talent to come up with this response.
You do good poop too
Democrat genius. Hope you like watching your party go down in flames :) and you are a fine example of why

Um, his 36% approval rating says otherwise...nice try though!!
I'm so sick of hearing about the fake polls. Liberal cities release negative numbers and polling data just like they did during the election
Y'all were wrong then just like y'all are wrong now. A few cities don't get to control everything, there is more Trump supporters than not.
No there's not. Disapproval rating 56%!
Finally a weekend that didn't cost the taxpayers an arm and a leg.
How did Melania like the facilities? Is there indoor plumbing?
Not My President.
you should be a comedian because That is a truly hilarious statement.
No you're the comedian thing he's doing great!
Thinking he's doing great
If that's what you believe, then I can't stop ya. :)
His approval rating is near Richard Nixon at impeachment. & trump didn't win the popular vote. & I didn't for for Hillary, to be clear.
@cherokeesher2 Didn't you call #CampDavid a dump you wouldn't spend 30 mins in? What happened? Were you forcibly sedated?
He's afraid.
does secluded Csmp David feel safer? I thought maybe he had to go there b/c it has no WiFi or TV. But no...
Very secure.. Bunker.. Etc.
Camp David in June 2017 is a lot like Berlin in May, 1945.
You shouldnt be ANYWHERE NEAR ***REAL*** POTUS go since they were LEGALLY ELECTED unlike you you #treasonoussnake. Cant wait til we #takebackourcountrybyturningredstatesBLUE so your sheeple wont be able to save you & dear God, #EXECUTIONforTREASON
Happy Father's Day mr. President!
Keep fighting for us! We love you
You do know he is against your interests He will ruin America for the corporate interests of the corporatist Which he is one didnt you know?
Said the snowflake with purple hair
You do realize the term snowflake was written by a gay man about CiS Normality that can not handle change and anything different than them.
Rexxie, r u ever going to get tired of that moron U work for crawling up and shitting all over your desk. Las Count about 6 stacks and the final stack brought on by the  N Korea meeting, w/o you. final stack appears to have been produced by diarrhea. Do you have no shame, man?
Define great to me please. What has he done so great
As one of your Naval Officers I can say that I am truly honored to serve under your administration. I wake up with pride every day!
Thank u for your service!!
Mr Tillerson- I don't know if u visit your twitter  but I wanted to let you kniw that many Americans are distraught over your parting. You have class, dignity, and took a step down working for T but kniw you wanted to serve
The LORD bless and keep you Mr. Rex Tillerson and your family God is ON the move IN the USA, the change in the State Dept. is His plan, nothing to do with you personally GOD IS IN CONTROL
Mr. Tillerson, you are a Gentleman. If I've understood @POTUS correctly, he needs someone in your capacity who can understand Hillary's head. You probably can't, because you are a Gentleman.
Thank you for your Service. The @StateDept was a gracious Office under your direction.
If Tillerson came out and said that the president is unfit, and  that venal concerns for private gain have influenced his foreign policy, impeachment wouldn’t begin tomorrow, but Trump’s already narrow public support would shrink further. come on Rex help us save our country!
I'm ready to come for a visit. Let's do a veterans weekend at Camp David #Airborne
Deferment Donnie can't do veteran's weekends. The coward isn't a vet.
Commander in Chief
Thank you civilian
I voted for Bill Clinton. He did same thing. We've crossed that bridge already but thank you
So glad you decided not to take a 25th vacation to one of your properties wasting our tax $ to line your own pockets! Kudos!
Let's look into Obamas vacations! #MAGA
LOL! Facts are fun! 
Trump spent more in travel in his first 4 months then obama did in 8 YEARS in office. 
http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-travel-spending-outspending-obama-millions-taxpayer-dollars-2017-4 …
Hummm! She sounds like a Russian Bot to me... where's Her facts and Proof? Hummm nowhere???
Now, we know why we've never heard Jared Kushner speak.
Why Tom ?
You must hear and then you'll know. As an actor, his voice would be dubbed, if in fact he wasn't recast. Nice fellow, wrong role
Read, Kushner, was attempting to extract $$ from the Russians for some failing business ventures. In Exchange potus lightening up sanctions?
More to come, hopefully before Trump fires Mueller and the entirety of the Intel Personnel.
I'd be highly surprised if potus accomplishes that. Mueller has way too much support, from both sides of the aisle, for potus to do that
Obama's FBI/CIA/NSA saw no collusion neither did Congress; POTUS never tried stopping the investigation per Comey. No reason 4 Mueller.
Because all facts are known right away and ongoing investigations never progress or change in scope, etc.
What's the matter? Did they aerate the greens at your golf courses?
I'm getting where I'm ashamed of my government. Al ways committing war crimes; now shooting down a Syrian Jet in their country! Disgusting
Well said!
Did you get some Russian hookers to pee on you there?
Great!  Maybe you can use it instead of jetting down to your FL resort and Save America Money Again. #apprenticePOTUS #SAMA
Happy Father's Day to our Commander in Chief. 
Very few people are proud of what you do.
Big kid! Ahh guns n tanks n guns, lets play war
Did you write this yourself, Kyle Mchon or a any journalist, has anybody proof read it for, yah ??
We're you able grasp the concept of trees and how important they are to the environment. There not just pretty to your notified mentality...
... do not take are forests for granted. No need to build a golf course everywhere.
#KEEPITCLEAN #BREATHABLEAIR

DRAFT DODGER!  YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO BE THERE!
I bet it have you the hives bring as rustic as it is. No gold plated toilet must have made you feel quite bourgeois.
Wish u weren't there to shame that special place
Kissel Kim
Mr. Trump, I am so PROUD OF YOU AS OUR PRESIDENT & YOUR MOST BEAUTIFUL FAMILY FIRMLY BEHIND YOU!  FEAR NOT! OTHER EYES SHALL SOON SEE ALSO.
Finally. Thanks for not spending our money enriching your properties! Keep it up and stay at the People's places: White House & Camp David!
Fore
Better to travel there than to cost taxpayers millions to go to YOUR resorts which make YOU money.
They are chattel to you.
I do not believe your family  liked it. liar
What do u know about military you can't give a statement on the loss of sailors where the hell are you?
What did you take a break from. Golf?
isn't that the place you called a shithole
glad you decided to actually go there instead of FL this time.
The previous president was always in the office, you take the weekend off. This job is not 9 to 5, you slacker.
Why don't you keep going there instead of FL or NJ.  It would save us some money.
Hopefully, you and your family will spend many more weekends there. Barron can take some friends and they can have a blast.
Did you make any money there?
Glad you spending time with son on fathers day. All military are close to my !!
More like this please!
Don't let all the nay-sayers get you down. You have proven to be a very good President so far. Screw them.
Make it your go to place instead of your owned properties for the little time you have left in office. Nixon all over again yet worse
#FakePresident
No honor. It's there for all Presidents. Stop golfing and go to Camp David instead.
All your time is weekend you dont do anything just tweet and tweet , at least tweet for homeless one time
How was the chocolate cake there?
I'm surprised you skipped the chance to line your own pockets again
Please, we know you would have rather been golfing. Nice try tho.
It's a shame that you weren't impeached before you soiled it.
Your verbal skills are at a 4th grade level at best, IQ of a 2nd grader
You should spend more time there instead of lining your pockets with our tax money by staying at your golf resorts...
Well, it is cheaper than Florida... make it a habit for whatever time you have remaining as President.
Nice of you to finally use it, instead of charging the tax payers so you can stay at your own resorts. Time to RESIGN
Wow..did the little o ever stay there Dimtwit?   @
Any woman that would follow a man who admitted to being a sexual predator, raped a 13 year old girl & lusts after his daughter is pretty ill
Must be nice to have a free holiday home at the expenses of the taxpayers! 
Well it has a history 
Yet another vacation. Go figure. The first Mon-Fri POTUS ever.
You were draft dodger.  What would you know about honor
I support you Donald but passive aggressive bragging.   Eh, not so much
Let's count the billions in cash obama dropped off in middle of night to Iran if all of a sudden we're concerned about money
So why did you run off to play golf?  Too much family time for you?
Really? thought you said "Camp David is very rustic ,It's nice. You'd like it. You know how long you'd like it? For about 30 minutes." U ass
So maybe you'll save us some $$$ and spend your time off there instead of your private, for-profit properties.
Glad you took some time for yourself and family
Translation: it's a dump, can't wait to be promoting my properties and living in style. Hated it,
We read that you are falling apart and went there to hideout! I hope they take you out in a straight jacket! 
So glad you went my new favorite pastime is watching the snowflakes melt with anger lmao maga were gaining strength
Translation: I hated every minute of it. Dirty looks from military every where I go. Place is a dump. Needs gold. Sad.
And just think you could have gone there and saved tax payers millions... but this isnt really about US is it orange man?
STOP SENDING YOUNG MEN TO DIE IN THE MIDDLE EAST
Then why have you spent tens of millions of taxpayer money going to your properties? Because it makes u money @ r expense
It is a special place - how about a follow?
What? No golf?
I heard you spent the weekend throwing a fit. You can resign. It's okay, Donnie.
Have you other business than to tweet every second ???
See Spot run. Spot runs fast. I like Spot. Spot likes me. We have fun. Fun is good. Are you good? Pat the bunny. Trump's brain is sloooooow.
It'll take years to fumigate that place now. I know @VP is licking his lips. (But you're too busy licking Putin's to notice.)
Very good
Maybe you should stay there more often and save the taxpayers some $$$
Safe space for you and the family
Gross.
Didn't you call it a "shithole" not long ago
WTF!!  You also said it may be the LAST time you go to such a "rustic" place! That is wasn't fit for a president.  Fess up Donnie!
Shhhhhhhhhhh
President Trump is not taking a salary...I think a lot of you forget about that.
I like what you do
I was wondering why there was no news of the winter White House in the news this weekend
