I spoke to a group of influential CA GOPers tonight, long time activists, bundlers, influencers. Support for @realDonaldTrump has increased
I was blunt in my criticisms of @realDonaldTrump and objective re his successes --Justice Gorsuch, regulatory reform, #ParisWithdrawal, the
superb national security team, clarity and plain speaking re Iran and NK etc-- but mostly this audience hates --hates-- elite media. I am
under a cloud 4 simply working with @MSNBC, even though my politics haven't changed much since 1976 --still a Ford GOPer, Reagan alum-- but
MSM and polling is missing the "breaking of the world" (to quote the Wheel of Time @CillizzaCNN) when it comes to American politics. It is
deep and enduring and the always-berating-@realDonaldTrump media doesn't get it. They don't even want to.  It doesn't mean his suppporters
aren't critical. They are. Of many things. But @ealDonaldTrump has all the right enemies. It isn't the Alt Right or Alt Left. It's a media
story. And the media writer are generally missing it.
You are apparently using Trump's data. Legitimate polling show Trump is slowly dropping among core base.
Yeah... just like polling data had HILLARY CLINTON winning Electoral College. Even better, Nate Silver's polling = Hillary win 93% #YouLost
Try your BS elsewhere. Maybe one from your favorite might help you.
The Electoral College wipe out during the election shows that polling = guessing!  Guess we will see in 2018.
We sure will. Have a good night
You have a good night as well.  Btw... thank you for the civil discourse as it's rare these days!
Would you please define "virtue signalers," Hugh? That's a hell of an alt-right-sounding term you're using there. But then, that's you.
Nice propaganda skills.

Trump supporters are a national embarrassment. And they know it .
We trust #TrumPence2020 more than all of them put together!!!
Bot's be botin'
And Scott be Scottin'??? 
This voter will not abandon President Trump. The mentality of the media and most of congress was obviously arrested in middle school.
He'll always hang on to the 30% of his uneducated base. I don't think anyone will argue that. Others are jumping ship like it's the Titanic!
Here is where some support is growing. For his impeachment.
No where not
Bot
Hewitt fell in line after Trump insulted him "very few people listen to your radio show. That’s the good news...check out the ratings" 2-16'
you all don't understand the Trump train is picking up more people,  as the snowflakes melt. ..#MAGA
Support for @realDonaldTrump is strong as ever!! He's MAGA despite MSM lies & DC swamp-dwelling Dems & Rinos. God bless Pres Trump & USA 
Hugh -President Trump is not a racist and he certainly doesn't approve of the REPULSIVE White Supremacists! Trump supporters are 100% #MAGA
No We Are Not! We Will Stand For You Mr President because You Stand and Work for US Everyday!  We Love You ,Sir  Thank You ! Prayers
Hugh?  Come on.  His job approval has dropped by 20% of what he had at beginning of admistration.
They're tweeting about crooked Hillary and the Swamp. The truth can't penetrate their Fox News smoke screen. Knock Potus, knock them.
Remember they also forecasted HRC would win the election
Dislike you and your base
And this makes me happy @hughhewitt REPORTING
Trump Supporters are EVER strong and Gaining strength. Anything else is FAKE NEWS
I pledge my life & sacred honor to defend @realDonaldTrump #MAGA !!!
no, we are not.and the establishment should be very concerned
Trump resigned the presidency already — if we regard the job as one of moral stewardship...
Not even close to deserting...more still converting!  Base more fired up than ever. The Donald is crushing it! MAGA!
What the hell is a virtue signaler? Sick to death of these labels. P.S. Yeah, they are.
Likely this sad turn of events -- supporting nazis by republican leaders and influencers -- is real audience for Romney article
your right never happen. Repub have  to stand with POTUS
No we are not!!
Nope. He is the only one in DC that seems interested in delivering on promises. The GOP, not so much. They want fight him than fight for us
Are you insane? Have you no eyes and ears? He is doing nothing. He doesn't read or study the bills so has NO idea why they fail. He deflects
He's a bot.
Well at least you didn't call me a Russian bot or a Nazi/supremesists so I'll go along with your make believe idea. I'm just 1 of the 65 mil
Proof the moral majority has no morals!  Hypocrites!
I spoke too soon.  Someone with morals.....
My statement regarding my resignation from the President's Evangelical Advisory Board. 
That's right. We're more supportive than ever. We love @POTUS.
Of course we aren't! We love him more than ever
Double more !!!!!

RT @hughhewitt: #NeverTrumpers elite MSMers and virtue signalers are persuading themselves that @realDonaldTrump support...
Republican fund raising is killing the DEMOCRATS! Last month by 6.5 million! People are DONATING BECAUSE of the TRUMP ADMINISTRATION!!!!
Most donations were under $200..Blue collar donations!!! MAGA!!!After last night's so each it will get even better!!!
It makes me laugh all those stupid people giving money to a rapist Clinton .Obama robbed the American people the bushes are murderers lies
We love #45
All 65 million is now 150 million @VP @RealJamesWoods 
@LouDobbs @MarkDice @GrrrGraphics @mitchellvii @bfraser747 show them MAGA
Wow, you've passed "completely delusional" and went straight to "hopelessly stupid"
And look at you, pretending that the president's open embrace of white supremacy makes you some kind of contrarian for staying with him.
He’s saying what they’re all thinking and that disturbs me to my very core. They’re all despicable
Despicable? I say extremely ignorant with a general lack of understanding and care and no desire to have any
Why not both?
Just because one is ignorant does not make them despicable, lack of desire to want to be educated and learn is
People are ignorant by choice. If you can read you can learn. If you don't want to do that you're just stupid. There is no excuse
We are all ignorant of something...a person who lacks the desire to learn is just Stupid
That's what I do said stupid
I'm not I'll be with trump for the next eight years. His supporters know what the corrupt democrats are doing
Agreed corruption exists on both sides of aisle, but Trump has had 4000 lawsuits in 30 years! He is completely corrupt! GOP must remove him.
What's that got to do with the cost of tea in china? Clinton was running for president while under FBI investigation. Should'nt of happened
Agreed. Clinton was dishonest, deserved impeachment.  Trump is dishonest and deserves the same. He doesn't care about us. Insincere.
He cares alot about our country and military obama didn't care about our country or troops. He depleted our military. Shame. As the left say
He lies. You've fallen victim to fabricated partisan fight. 1%ers perpetuate this as distraction from their efforts to control politics.
No you r racist. I didn't see any protest with terror attacks in san Bernardino or Orlando Florida and obama stood silent he didn't condemn
Lord knows, I'm a lot of things, but no racist. I'm swing voter without loyalty for any one party. Vote dependent on current issues.
It's just the dem message is now vociferated & they are causing trouble and more issues that are getting media attention.
Sounds like you like to talk out of your rear end almost as much as Trump does!
OH YES THEY ARE! Trump's approval is lower EVERY week. CRAWL back under your rock!
Anyone with any sense, patriotism or conscience will abandon him. Which explains your devotion. 
u are right. his core kkk and nazi demographic remains solid
# of KKK and Nazis in this country are minuscule...these few freaks are helping the media besmirch Trump... You've fallen for their ruse.
The way the media mind-controlled trump into referring to racists as "very fine people" was disgraceful
Did you read his full remarks in context? He did not say that racists are very fine people, as you characterize. Media has jumped the shark.
No, I did not
Did they ask Trump to condemn the left when a crazy leftist shot a bunch of Republicans on the baseball field?
"I only hire the best people... believe me!"
RULE #1: When ANYONE ends their sentences with "BELIEVE ME".....DON'T!
Really? Spoke to a couple when I got to SC Friday. Tuesday was an issue for them.
Wow..so you know it all @hughhewitt  Your @Potus #FakeNews    Move over to @FoxNews your a disgraced to @MSNBC the  true #journalists
https://twitter.com/TeeCee_85/status/899248164892495873/photo/1pic.twitter.com/qoXDbl2kot 
#IStandWithTrump
Like these very fine people? What a joke
65 million Trump Fans are the Builders of America. Thanks Trump.
Hires actor POC for Arizona "rally"?
Ok Hugh...whatever...ICYMI @msnbc has had several interviews with a guy who was so devoted to Trump he volunteered...he is just one who....
is actually going on TV & telling people that he really regrets having voted for Trump! I personally know many people who feel the same way!
Ask yourself this..if my neighbor (who basically thought Trump was the 2nd coming, distributed yard signs, etc) & other DIEHARD Trump....
supporters are sorry & wish they had not voted for him & WILL NOT do so again...how do u think Dems & Independents, who 'held their nose'...
& voted for him feel about having voted for him? Well...I know a few of those too & to say they are sick about it is NOT hyperbole!
Sad clown
Notice the trends.

the only 1's leaving is the leftover swamp garbage from the Obama Administration. They all need 2 leave@Shirley
Support for @POTUS is growing. The good people are breaking away from democrat party. They are extreme Marxist leftist, destroying America!
Well Americans are:
#WeStandTogether with 
President Trump  #MAGA #MASA
Hell No!
Who GIVES A SHIT. I'm writing a letter to MSNBC , you've got to go!
Right, they are NOT deserving.
That's right. We aren't going anywhere except the next Trump rally. He may be brash but he speaks for the Americans everyone else ignores.
Agreed will stand with this president
I'm not!
They are not?
Tell yourself and his base that. He never was the popular candidate and people and business turning away from him

Perhaps only those within the White House. Hewitt the bag man. #sycophant #TrumpNazi #MAGA
nevertrumpers should inform themselves about: CFR, NWO, BILDERBERG GROUP AND MORE
So you're admitting it's a virtue to stand against Trump? 
Since it's such a burden to you to be associated with MSM, here's hoping you're soon in your way. Say—why not give Breitbart a call?
It's a sinking ship Hugh. I'd stay away.

You are FOS and an ass-wipe for Trump.
no we are not
Delusions of grandeur are a symptom of Trump Derangement Syndrome.
I love watching the democrats destroy themselves daily Today should be fun after the rally in Arizona they will try to criticize preach hate
You are very correct. Trumpers grow & ban together as Americans whom have been screwed and robbed by the Dem lib gov. We need to obey laws
Of course they aren't. You GOP are white supremacists who love when Trump validates your position
@StockMonsterUSA @realDonaldTrump I Love my President

You are immune to irony
We are not! We are with you
just keep telling yourself that.....  white supremacists do love Donny- others don't want association.
We are stronger today than we were last Fall when electing you into office. Nothing will change that!
I am a TRUMP democrat and haven't deserted him yet,  the FAKE news media want you to believe that our president isn't worth being one, liars
Have you relocated away from planet Earth?
...'cos the Nazis and racists still love him.
WE THE TRUMP SUPPORTERS HAS STAYED STRONG FOR THE PRESIDENT TO HELP #MAGA & WE WILL CONTINUE TO SUPPORT HIM & I KNOW OTHERS HAS JOINED IN.
the #nevertrumpers and #fakenews alt-left lovers @cnn love the lie regardless of what it does to their minds ... #reprobate #tcot
For sure not  percent with him
They are not participating in polls I guess  oiiooh Hugh
Bullshit Hewitt. You never Trumpers just don't get it. We the voters do.
I will never leave Donald J Trump #MAGA
The whole MSM "elite" thing is feeding the "us vs them" narrative.  How are you (Hugh) & Trump not elite?  College degrees, wealthy...elite?
Sounds like Marxist Divisiveness like the last 8yrs to me.
What is currently going now??  What could be more Marxist than discrediting others as elites?
More Marxist? Actions of last 8yrs which which follow it's Doctrine. Undeniable.  "Elites", just a word loosely tossed around by both sides
Thrown loosely I agree with. Is a cornerstone of the actual administration currently.  Remembering our last exchange (civil) on Trump...
The last Administration was 8yrs of generalities, loosely laced together and dangerously thrown around.

You better believe "we are NOT forsaking our President!" They are just pushing us to stand stronger!!! And STRONG we will stand with Potus!
#NeverTrumpers elite MSMers and virtue signalers are persuading themselves that @realDonaldTrump supporters are deserting.
Still here
Keep dreaming Hugh!
I stand with @realDonaldTrump now more then ever. #MAGA
Not MSM. I live in Cali and I talk to people here. Even the most right-wing are backing off Trump.
Land owners need Mexican farmers - mad.
No We Are Not!
#IStandWithTrump
Uh, yeah, they are.    
Don't you read the tea leaves any more? @realDonaldTrump
stronger commitment as you tell from democrats actions, they were so close to destroying our country.
Donald Trump is a walking invitation  ridicule as are you. If the media is reporting his actions and words it will look like ridicule.
They aren't Fox or Breitbart. Would have to not talk about him, lie about what he says and does. Will not give him a free pass and ignore it
Who cares about who supported trump! He got 3 million less votes! They needs a few hundred thousand more votes in key states! That's it
WE. ARE. NOT.
They are Jumping Ship while they can. Otherwise they own him in his entirety.
Holding onto a Trump Presidency is like holding onto a thread of a knit sweater to save your life but it's QUICKLY unraveling! #hugeregret

Like the Dems, they like to rally for "lynchings"...but we won't let them hang anyone any more. The Truth Trumps Their Hate & Lies!
#Hughblewit
Have you looked this morning? #potus45 underwater in #MI #WI #OH states you flipped red. @ 35% Sad. Check back tomorrow. #TheResistance
Omg cnn will u ever stop ur fake azz news
Shouldn't you stop taking money from @MSNBC before you start railing against the "elite MSMers"?
Oh yes.  Yes they are.  In fact every elderly member of MY family that voted Trump -now DEEPLY regrets thr Vote 4him.  So does JuliusKrein.
they would be  wrong
How do you know?
have they fired u from MSNBC ? If not wait for it....
No Truth in any of them. U must turn it completely upside down & twisted, just like they are, 2 find any truth N what they r hiding...
He's got poor judgment at best and is criminal and evil at worst. If the GOP is feeling better about him, it deserves to go down in flames.
Getting stronger,watching all the idiots
congratulations!
Then they will go down with his sinking ship.
I'm 100% behind Trump, the more the media and establishment fights and stone walls, the more I am behind Trump.
I hope you are a strong swimmer because you are going down with the ship
NEVER!! He can do no wrong! No matter what accusations spew out of the left's mouth!  Go President Trump!! 
The Americans I identify with are even more Supportive of you Mr. President.
You must be blind Hugh. It's obvious people are deserting him in increasing numbers. People are tired of his off the wall behavior & racism.
1. Cmon @hughhewitt you have a show on MSNBC. YOU ARE ARE the MSM... i'm a liberal but I've always appreciated your conservative commentary
2. And input,  but no need to jump on the scorched earth tour trying to destroy the publics faith in the media in which you work.
3. Donald J Trump is a bad person plain and simple you would get better conservative policies achieved under Mike Pences authority.
Actually. They are. Since less than 30 percent of the people who actually take the polls support you.
@realDonaldTrump America loves you and you are not losing any of your supporters! You are gaining more support#MAGA
It doesn't matter if #tRUmpkins desert #tRUmp's train. Only the delusional pray for the delusional to change tracks.
Never give up Pres.
I support our president. I appreciate how hard he is working for us. I pray for him and his family daily.
I have deserted you, as has my family.
Oh yes they are.
Why MSNBC tolerates you is beyond me. "Elite" is almost (not quite, but almost) as bad as 'n****r'. It means only one, ugly thing. Stop it.
We love the Trump.
@President1Trump @swargcoming @1RedTulie @ThatsMissThot2U  @Trump4Hope @Laffingmom Correct! Behind POTUS more than ever! #MSMPollsareFake
If you use both hands to pull the cheeks farther apart you can get full nose penetration
Hugh Hewitt, the simpering ass-wipe for Trump, refuses to believe polls showing Trump approval at the lowest level yet!
We stand strong in numbers for Pres Trump. Included are all races, walks of life and,etc. America & Christ unites us under Trump Save us

People join to read his ridiculous tweets not because they support him.
"Virtue signalers," are people that are anti-Nazi. You are mocking those opposing Nazis?
Oh yes they are in bunches
No they aren't
You said it, not us. Seems like you must be worried about. That's the only reason to bring it up. And it is true that you are losing support
we don't bother with what d likes of shumer say...its knwn dat no amnt of re-brandin can hlp his ragtag team.dey av noting2ofer us anymr
No, we are not deserting you.  We are so thankful for you leading us and we pray for you, Pence, your families and true republicans daily.
We know you aren't Hugh. And who really cares? If you support him you are everything he is, congrats.
You always have been a jerk and why @MSNBC even had you on amazing. You had plenty of bad things to say about trump. Must need a new gig
Yep, stronger than ever!
well if you don't disavow somebody excusing the kkk murdering someone.....
I assure you with EVERY BREATH IN MY BODY THIS IS BULL$HI¥!! We HAVE @POTUS's back -ALWAYS! #MSM-know this as FACT B4 making a big mistake!
I really don't think we care. this we do know, even if he still has 50% uneducated whites, so what?  they  know he has done nothing for them
I know this fella and his followers are in his corner:
Nope! No way! People sometimes say the wrong thing under pressure and this MSM is just shameful
We are still with you!
Sad clown
Actually, more and more people are becoming Trump supporters every day.
Liberals hate America like drooler supremacists hate Jews.  No ideas, no leadership...only division, waste, poverty and misery.
No. They are talking about secession from USA and all out war via cyber and streets. This has to stop. People can't think this is over.
I despise the elite MSMers and virtue signalers.  I despise the GOP establishment even more.   Anything they are against I am for.
How can I get in contact to activist for DT in Atl,ga
Bolderdash! His agenda for America is solid. When  he can't be a perfect speaker or is it the listener? Both are wasting  their time.
Your anecdotes of confirmation bias are not > than everyone elses', and they certainly aren't > data.
Props to MSNBC for hiring this guy
Good for you, Hugh!

https://twitter.com/RK_Hayes/status/898975516408946688 …
