you are a tiny little man and you know in your heart that you are inadequate to every task that has ever been given you.
You are a failure and a loser. You have nothing. Nobody loves you.
you say that but sad truth is nearly half of his country voted for him
No only 37%. That's less than half. Just saying.
haha ok.. Nearly half of the voters then

3 million people don't think you're the ratings machine a whole lot more think you're a Traitor crooked  racist pervert
@kathymd999 @realDonaldTrump #predator&chief of the White House
WHY IS THIS TWEET WORTHY TO YOU?? Like hello, if you want respect tweeting about crap tv doesn't warrant that! Holy shit 
you CLOWN. Holy smokes man..CLOWN. You got a squeaky nose and 100% you make balloon animals & exclusively ride a unicycle.
As much as I u, pls don't gloat, Dems are destroying themselves, no need to pull them off the cliff, will fall themselves
I  you too and agree with Julia - don't gloat about something as UNIMPORTANT as a tv show. You are PEOTUS.
LOL, everyone keeps calling me Julia lol. How ya been Joy? Hope all is well :)
Hi Kristina, doing good and getting ready for Christmas. How about you? It snowed here last Friday.
I always forget where do you live again? It snowed here as well, but that usual for MD in Dec?  Enjpy the snow, figure it’s like holidays, only get so many pet lifetime!
I live in the Houston TX metro area - half way to Galveston.
My memory is so bad, you’re ok with the hurracine stuff right?
My house is ok, but it was close. Our subdivision was created in 2004. So, it is very modern. The strange thing is there are 5 main streets in it and 4 of them run parallel. The back 2 streets had no damage. The others had significant damage.
FYI, you're no longer in Junior High.
Hey @realDonaldTrump You are correct that you are a huge "ratings machine". You know what else is a ratings machine? A train wreck.
you're almost the President. A President's words can kill people. Please, please start acting like an adult
why would he start now? The whole situation and beyond, is beyond a debacle!
Lolololol you're already the worst US President in history. Sad!
what kind of nut refers to himself in the third person as a "ratings machine."
Answer: not someone who should be POTUS.
he's not qualified to be 1st grd class pres. He takes joy in the failure of others..he thinks that makes him a winner
OMG.Are u for real? This is not a tv show. So unfit to hold the office of POTUS
What a petty sleazebag you are
@Trump_World I voted for you. I don't  care about the TV Show. Get on and do a good job for us Sir! MAGA Right?
doesn't give a damn about you. and America was already great. w/DT it's going to shit. @Trump_World
@Trevornoah DJT ratings machine!
@TheDailyShow
@KellyannePolls DJT ratings machine!
Wow, the ratings are in and you got "swamped " (or destroyed vs @BarackObama pre-SuperBowl ratings
Ratings! No one is watching 'Celebrity Apprentice' or anything associated with you, because it's bad news! #BlackOutTrump
@Schwarzenegger
The fool feeds on folly and not wisdom...
you get things done Mr Trump .f the haters ,your the Man. Make America Great Again !
How does it feel to be the most hated male, public figure in this country who doesn't sell Jell-O on TV?
Please?
go the fuck to work!!
Wow, the inauguration ratings are in and Donald J. Trump got "swamped" by comparison to the ratings machine Richard Nixon.
WOW, the ratings are in and #trump presidency got "swamped" by the ratings machine, Obama ('09 & "13), & Women's March '17.
Donald you talked about how much money Hillary spent on advertisements, what price did you pay for Russia's help.
Well, even if the whole nation goes to shit, you've still got that feather in your cap. #winning
because people are protesting the show not because of Arnold but because of you
Imagine how bad the ratings would've been if we'd all boycotted the show (because of YOU) back then, too! Get a grip, dude.
oh my, there is that humble side of you-said no one ever! #NarcissisticPersonalityDisorder
You are bragging that your own show sucked
.@realDonaldTrump Why are you so confused with the meaning of swamped vs destroyed? Asking for a majority of the popular vote.
you're a clown, not a president. All of America's issues and you're focused on a damn tv show.
man... you must be hella bored to be focused on that...
@HorseShort If @nbc had not pulled thier stations from @DIRECTV they may have had great ratings.
wow that's crumby for @DIRECTV ... didn't know that! #DrainTheSwamp 
Do you feel better about yourself now, little big man?  #TinyHandsHugeEgo #NotMyPresident #FoolsVotedForYou
I was just looking at your ratings for your first State Of The Union Address: way below Presidents Obama and Bush... sad!!!
Arnold is great. I refuse to watch because it has your name on it. Who is the EP?
@Schwarzenegger 
And yet, you retained a financial stake in the show and you're listed as an executive producer...
what you don't get is no one is watching because you are still linked to the show you are the reason not Arnold
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @mashable
Apprentice ratings tanked because they're a reflection of how the public grew to feel about YOU. Not Arnold's fault AT ALL.
Please put on yr big boy pants and act like a president not a narcissistic fool.
Very unpresidential and revealing. Pathetic!
@realDonaldTrump@realDonaldTrump I mean truly are you for real? You are really going to lead this country? God help us all!
what an idiot. Your focus is on reality TV? Act like a President!
sir, u will be the president in less than 2 weeks. Don't you think you have more important things to talk about?
can you at least pretend to act like our president for a minute? #tinyhands
: @schwarzenegger - ' 'll be gone ....'
Please. Who cares Donald? You're like a petty teenage girl.
this is not important to Being POTUS, who cares about show anymore. MAGA
Don't you have anything more important to do than worry about the ratings of a reality show? Like maybe security briefings?
surely you have slightly more important things to worry about than ratings??
I am sorry, but your penis is still tiny. Nothing is going to change that.
aren't these the only ratings that matter #notmypresident
@TimAtenKnows Shouldn't he be studying to be President so he doesn't burn our country down?
@natalie_allison Really you are going to be the #PTOUS and you are paying attention to ratings on a silly show.
Trump fails to realize ratings are down largely because no one supports anything he can profit from. #dumptrump
@therealroseanne Lol. The PEOTUS loves being underestimated and seeks to be.

Wow you really don't know how to be an adult do you.
OR it could have nothing to do w/ @Schwarzenegger. Ppl don't want to be associated w/ you in any way so won't watch ur show
take an honest look at your own job performance. If you worked for you, you would fire yourself.focus
#lies #liar #criminal #treason #investigatetrump
So pathetic and goes "way beyond sad". Is there no 'bottom' in that well of yours?!
Nobody but you gives a about The Apprentice ratings @realDonaldTrump. Sad. #Failure #notmypresident
People just tune in to see u make a fool out of yourself...keep it up
HEY ARNOLD YOU STARTED IT YOU ATTACKED POTUS TRUMP FIRST.
Ratings? How big a your crowd is? Seriously how pathetically small is Ur ego that U need to reassure yourself constantly ?
what about your ratings as president? They're the lowest in history. Sad! #FAIL #worstpresidentever
Stop dwelling on this, you a'hole! Pray for the US, which you're destroying!!
Wow, the women's marches numbers are in and DJT  got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison. So much for #InaugurationDay
Wishing you success you are a real person very happy that you are the president of your fan from Israel
.@realDonaldTrump You're so tiresome.
Should not be your problem now.
Wow, the fact of what a birdbrain u are surprises everyone!
Sir, convey to All actors to keep to their profession, they do act well! you have a 'broken castle' to rebuild, do it will
you realize you're literally gloating about being a popular internet troll.
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
who. Cares !!!
I'm watching
jesus christ ... really donald! Stay off @Twitter
@therealroseanne Who the hell cares about a tv show? You have bigger fish to fry....Putin,terrorists,etc etc etc.
this is the fakest Twitter beef ploy to try and get ratings for your floundering reality franchise. Snooze. #prstunt
在昆明 #泛亚 涉骗事件中-地方党委纪委不能成为部门摆设! http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/P9EkyYwut_UBSfV66BKxdw … #国家大剧院 #国务院新闻办 #刘光溪 #李纪恒 #陈豪 #单九良 #问责云昆政府  https://youtu.be/Az5F-CIh4OE?t=4 
You should have put Chachi in the role.
十六家国有银行是泛亚诈骗帮凶 - 明镜新闻 - http://go.shr.lc/2hTFtiC  #泛亚 #国家大剧院 #国务院新闻办 #刘光溪 #李纪恒 #陈豪 #单九良 #问责云昆政府
and that's an important issue for a legitimate US President why?  #wastingtime
WATCHING Arnold @Schwarzenegger ,  Beat the pants off of trump, Arnie Ratings are comming! Brilliant!
@nbc @ApprenticeNBC only reason why I & many people aren't watching is because you are still a producer of the show

Wow, the votes are in and DJT got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to Hillary.See DJT? Tweets by a twit. Rinse/repeat
No 1 is watching bcuz ur EP. BTW, what kind of Businessman roots for his own production to fail. Lying DTL Loser!
Donald...don't give in to commenting about such trivial matters.  MAGA
so Arnold and Meryl are worse than your buddy Vlad? God help us through the next 4 years.
I am far from West Africa and who really trust your approach to leadership.  You will make the whole world great again.
excited for you in office!! Mr Trump will make it great again!
OMG I love love the new Celebrity Apprentice!  Get to the choppa!☻
No one's watching Because ur the Executive Producer #IdiotElect. Drop that "job" & I bet ratings sky rocket.
god help America with this reality star as president. We are doomed we must take control children need us now #MerylStreep
Wow, talking about yourself in the third person again? What an embarrassment. We all loathe you.
Really? You're watching TV instead of learning how to run the country? We are in deep shit.
Do you know how to be gracious?
killed The Apprentice ratings when he launched his toxic, racist campaign that was boycotted by NBC. Too bad for Arnold!
Grow up!
Stop tweeting about reality television and pay attention to our nation. What the hell are you doing?
maybe it's because no one likes you?
Funny thing is, you're more concerned about a damn TV show that's doing better w/o you than acting like a President.
you know that all these distracting tweets..is just that Why should Trump be PRESIDENTAL #11moredays
wow look at all the cry babies- why do people get mad when u state a fact?
no le da vergüenza  lo que hace?  por dios como pudieron votar a este hombre
bull, uhhh Trump shit!!
NOT PRESIDENTIAL! You sound like you're 12 years old.
We are in even worse shape than I thought if this is what's occupying your mind
I watched it for the first time because Arnold was in it. Maybe it was the nobody cast that sunk ratings
anddddd your the executive producer
Must be the terrible producers.
hey bozo - you were FIRED by NBC for CAUSE! A non patholoical person wouldn't flaunt that! But you are, and you can't stop
Stop tweeting k?
illegitimate Donny, illegitimate Puppet Boy, illegitimate BLOTUS, illegitimate in future history books, illegitimate 4ever
MORE IMPORTANT MATTERS ! LIKE DONT DROP UR SOAP..MISSTRESS WANTS ROUND 2
who chose Arnold to take over the show?? I thought it was you.   I had no idea he voted for Hilary?
Whats getting swamped is ur administration.

it's ok if you are a better reality star than @Schwarzenegger because he's a better politician.
Wow Donald on Donald,not looking good.
Donald, I support you, but this doesn't come across well. There was no need to comment, U R the P.E now, this is beneath u.
Grow up you Narcissistic child, your cutting down your own show ?? Lol..And you're gonna be President 
As executive producer, aren't you ultimately responsible for the ratings?
No one can ever replace you on that show. That's YOUR show. I won't even watch @Schwarzenegger to laugh at him.
He'll have to use his "tiny fingers" to build his damn wall, cause Mexico said NO!
I just hope you still look out for unions and middle class Americans
YOU ARE THE BEST OF WORD FOR PEOPLE BY PEOPLE OUR CONSTITUTION OF USA 
FACT IS : HE IS OUR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
NOTHING YOU CAN DO BUT ACCEPT IT AND REALIZE HE WILL BE A GREAT ONE.
good luck with that
I'm not about to get into a pissing contest with you, I'm much to smart for the likes of you. You wouldn't stand a chance
C'mon, you're our President, put this crap to rest! Who cares about Celebrity Apprentice, time to Make America Great Again!
Yiure such a pathetic little man. Act like a president and not like a 14-year old boy.
Trump is just mad that an immigrant took his job! #HA!
<---LIAR!  Ratings were DOWN when Arnie took over.  And U R the only 1 who hyped the #HotMess as a #NumberONEShow...#Pfft
I watched it for 20 minutes, one time...It's one of the most brain-dead, mundane, crappy shoes I've ever seen. U SUCK!~
rating machine DJT should care more about ratings in new edition: The Apprentice II - The White House. Record breaking low!
I like @MatureTrumpTwts
@MichelleBuer1 Please Mr President STOP. NOT RELEVANT
Cause of Dam in CA after being warned 12 yrs ago fell under then Gov @Schwarzenarnold his failires relevant?
Yes that's relevant.The Govenator. I forgot about Pete Wilson
You're really sad. Like an estranged, successful father who shows up at Christmas and gives everyone towels sad.
Hey Man! Yes it is! Miss you, too.,I,was just talking with someone the other day about you! Give me a call/text, anytime.
@DavidLGrenier Takes a special person knowing how to run a TV game show, Arnold didn't have correct skills couldn't cut it.
I'll be back, and asta lavista baby, will only get you so far. Ha! However, Arnold better than Jerry Brown in CA.
Can't believe Brown elected twice in his lifetime as CA Governor. Had a good thing going w/Ronstadt. He screwed CA over BIG!
Pretty funny! Every time I go down to CA, I feel like I'm in a nostalgic time-warp with music playing everywhere. The 70's! BFD!
Depends where in Cali you go, but I understand what you mean. Much of that Northern/Southern areas, not so much in the valley
Valley is current.Palm Springs is a trip! if you get out of airport to rental to drive to Palm Desert or Indio, you're okay too.
what @POTUS does obsess/lie, 'highest rated' SOME & JUST NBC, keep in mind spin show’s numbers vs times pres fails ALREADY heavy revised sky-high promises broken, STILL Exec Prod/share in profit, Creators said CA SCAM, poll US favor his Twitter account being shut down #Pretender
LOSER!
.
Everybody knows that ratings machine DJT will be a hit on air with a new Matt Lauer talkshow:

The Stars Trade Sexual Assault Tips!

Fox will broadcast it.

#MAGA with poppers and @GeraldoRivera 
https://instagram.com/p/BcI-W6lgxoF/ 
of course who wants to watch "a girl-ly man" who screws his maid.  The @schwarnegger is a loser

your Tweet was quoted by @mashable  http://mashable.com/2017/04/06/late-show-stephen-colbert-ratings-trump-saturday-night-live-the-apprentice/ …
remarks like that are why you're in the mess you're in now!
all Arnold has is a Nasty big mouth  he kills everything around him
let him, he ruined his family, he killed calf, ruined prentice. let him run  LOL
you do know that most people did not even know your lame show was still running? Dude, please.
I'm sure it's because people are boycotting that show, Donnie. It reminds us all of you. 
Not surprising.He's a paid off crybaby snowflake too. Just ignore these  whiners.We know the Best man won & they hate that.
I debated voting for you but did not. When elected I thought ok he's my Pres let's see.  Now I'm afraid
PLEASE THEN, GO BACK TO "THE APPRENTICE"! Make America GREAT again!
That show has always been one I refused to watch- Why because of that ratings machine DJT- total butt.
The show was so much better without all of ur offensive pompous behavior.This is You
Arnold was extremely disappointing. And deserves to be fired!
that show sucks anyway! its BAD! and no one watches it anymore. LOSER!
Really a judgment of a loser
LOL..Chalk it up as another failed business of yours..
Hey shit for brains, how about worrying about more Presidential type things instead of a tv show?!
Schwarzenegger didn't cause the problem with Celebrity Apprentice.  He's great. You are the problem.
Wow! You are really sick. You don't even know you're swimming in the sewer. Somebody put a straight jacket on this creature
Ratings got "swamped" because the DJT Swamp Machine drug it down
