Why divide us and say republicans will do better? You are all Americans president. Please stop dividing, you have the power to spread love
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will...
MAGAT!
Repeal #Obamacare and replace it with nothing. #deregulation will drive competition up and prices down
Yeah that's always worked. "Big sale on chemo!!" Get real.
Free markets have always driven better prices . Enjoy your cell phone? Same can happen for insurance if we get government out of the way
You live in a simpleton's world.
Don't just condemn Obamacare, come up with a reasonable alternative.
So - you take credit to taking people off healthcare, killing families and destroying Americans!!!! Lovely -- will start that bandwagon.. Dumpstercare is what is killing you!!!! Remember that folks... he loves his new healthcare...... it is all his......

Dumpstercare
I have to agree & @BarackObama was that concerned he should've solved tge matter himself un the 8 years he was in office rather than expect
Mr president trump i know i am a nobody but why do people want to cut down the seqoya forest. Please don't allow that to happen they are
Today's Date: 2/8/18
Current enrollment in ObamaCare/ACA: Over 11.7 million
You: Liar (and incompetent)
Advice: Self-Impeach
You will do jack and shit.
How's that working out?
someone to fix it for him. That'll be my only comment.
Trump is home and it's time to PROSECUTE some leakers. Spring clean the Obama holdovers!
We're done with "sources say" on BOTH sides. Trump is over the fake news drama and so are we.
A North Carolina state audit reveals that hundreds of votes were illegally cast by felons and non-citizens in 2016
oops sorry, I just get tired of this.When you realize we are telling the truth you go into Hillary and Obama mode. It is ok, I know it hurts
Open healthcare to private insurance markets. Cut back on medicaid recipients but increase benefit to Medicare levels.
So Y are u threatening 2 stop health care payments? flip flopping again? Come ON come up with a policy & stay with it. FOCUS ON SOMETHING!
As old as the dinosaurs time and definitely don't let people pressure you to because people don't know what is actually good any more
You dont make any sense. Go back to the ward.
Nothing you say makes sense, all opinionated
Oh boy, honey. I've tried to lay off and let you President like you said you would, but this is a new kind of simplistic nonsense rhetoric.
I know you're trying to pivot away from how embarrassing the big trip was for all of us to watch (Pushing! Pope! Saudi bowing!) but...this?
I don't think she's related to this famous Czech fencer:
This must be your version of "let them eat cake."
We already have a healthcare plan that has "more dollars." One that didn't give tax breaks to billionaires.

It's called the ACA.
But please, veto any plan that isn't the "best anywhere."

Until then, your signature is poisonous.
get real!! Poisinous? Poetic romance, love tweet lol
The word was RIGHT THERE and you still couldn't spell it right? You had ONE job... *smh
She turned off spellcheck because    it's a libtard conspiracy.
She just thinks it's lying to her
Canadian, we have universal health care for all. We love it. Why wouldn't you want it? All Wstrn nation have but you. Why?
Repubs think the poor are dead weight, so they want them dead, now. No healthcare is the way to do that.  They won't get re-elected, though.

Bull sh*t
Let us buy across state lines & remove individual mandate. This will #killthebill. #ACA already dead. repeal & replace feeds #CorruptGOP
Do you suffer from short-term memory loss, Donnie? Is that what the flashing red lights in the White House are all about? Brain training?
I'll believe it when I see it. Your promises mean nothing.
You passed a bill that wasn't even read. You are a greedy hypocrite. And you my friend are #notmypresident
Why do you appear to have such a vendetta against @POTUS44 (President @BarackObama)? #thishasnothingtodowithhealthcarereform
GOP plan has been proven a failure. If you want to provide better healthcare, single payor is proven cheaper and better solution.
There's a generation waiting on affordable healthcare to retire.  Millions of new job openings created.
You don't even know what their bill consists of! You are such a moron!!! You haven't read it, and you won't. You will just sign anything 

Whose dollars?  Republicans have NO business in healthcare, unless you have a different plan from what we've seen.  so far #trumpcareSUCKS
The GOP has had 7 years to rewrite Obamacare... they're a joke now.  I pray that Trumpcare will do better
Liar
No they won't. And then they will all be voted out!
Don't #kill us because you hate Obama. We work & pay taxes. #corruption #liars
Stop with your LIES!
Oh they will. But it hopefully won't take a whole year and get turned into diarrhoea mud soup before it comes back totally different...
Yes!!!
Dumb Donnie, you've been saying this for a long time. NO ONE BELIEVES YOU!!
That'll teach those bragging Europeans. Call dental "medical" too. And Mexico is going to pay for it!
We'd like to see our health care improved. Your plan does not do it! You're cutting off your own base. How about pre-existing conditions?
Your healthcare system will never beat those countries who already have universal healthcare 
What exactly is "Healthcare". What the heck do you mean to say?  More dollars for what???
... and I might add ,in this book, you will be named! Don't think for a moment you can slink away somehow. YOU will be remembered.
What bull shit you're spewing as usual.
More bombast from Trump.
Well it's ur budget, so maybe cutting 610$ billion from Medicaid isn't such a good idea--that YOU proposed!! Jackass!!
This country consists of more than Republicans. Also not all Reps believe the same things. Be a leader to all Americans.
Prove it so far all we see is empty talk and a crap plan. Everyone knows it needs fixing bit I doubt you're the guy to do it. Sad little man
Please tell me more about how your plan will ignore people with pre existing conditions
I suggest you set an example by doing what will lower health costs and improve people's lives - exercise and lose weight!
You should lay off drugs. You want money in healthcare, but pass bill that cuts funding from healthcare?
Use the big words while you read "Dick and Jane bow to Putin the Trump family biography "


Your beloved FOX News recently released its own poll showing that the majority of Americans WANT Obama's ACA, and not #TrumpCare
Resign cause ur gonna b fired!!
maybe you could add more dollars to healthcare if you cut down on your million dollar vacations to FL.
Why don't you propose a universal healthcare (option) ? A minimal tax per household could fund the entire thing...
Only if republicans get they're collective heads out of their asses and actually do some work.
You made sure ACA would fail.
That's like saying the Nazis had the Jews best interests at heart
Are you legitimately mentally impaired? Are you stupid? Is there any thought in that empty orange paint can you call a head? #maga
LIARTrump!Medical insurance companies are pulling out because DT is incapable of passing healthcare&the Insurance co. can't make 2018 budget
You mean the health care that dose not cover pre existing conditions. Takes rights for women and trashes them. Setting us back 30 years.
and how does that work when you have proposed gutting so much of the healthcare budget?
How about a catching up with the rest of the world and provide universal care. So everyone can be insured.
+ which can be EXTREMELY painful. They also help regulate this process. It also helps improve acne, and can help with diseases, and its SAFE
your republicans had years to come up with a legitimate plan. #fail
“There was a philosophy in some circles that if you cant pay for it, you don’t get it. That’s not going to happen with us.” What about this?
What does this mean
all talk no action - your new nickname!  You CANT do better, because you dont even know what it is.
Oh puh-leeze. Go pander somewhere else, Fuckwad.
Where does the Constitution give fedgov power to meddle in healthcare/insurance?
Nowhere!
at a time when the GOP is looking at a proposal intended to cut medicaid, gut employer mandate and coverage for preexisting that is rich
Republicans had 7 1/2 years to come up with something.  What's the problem?
@SenToomey @SenBobCasey See? You know #AHCAsucks. #dobetter #saveourhealthcare
I suggest you care about every American....
this is literally the opposite of what your bill does. Have you even looked at it?
Oh my God.... 
Just when I thought I heard it all... He comes up with something else stupid to say.  #NOTMYPRESIDENT
You are so sarcastic!  Right?
The Repubs are killing it
I think Everyone should pay! 26 yr olds should pay for own heslthcare
Perhaps the White house should walk away from insurance and let it go back to what it was before.   People got to get out there and earn it.
Very doubtful ITS not going to help the poor and thousands will be without insurance
Your stupid plan is what is driving up the cost of health care
Universal health would make it great just like Australia
you have a loooong way to go before you can even come close to the Canadian medicare system. Get rid of the huge insurance companies.
Keep in mind Congress is exempting themselves... They are keeping ACA for themselves & their families...
#MorallyBankrupt
Obama was my DOOD please leave his plan alone
Clueless, idiotic moron says what? You have NO IDEA what you are doing!
#WorstPresidentEver!
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
Why? Not Federal business.
If it weren't for "The Affordable Care Act", Republicans wouldn't be doing anything about Healthcare!
More trumpish lies!! #deplorable #pathetic #dillusional #uglyinsideandout
Your plan throws 23 Million people off of healthcare!  It takes away our guarantee of basic coverage!  It is a major FAIL.
No, they won't....
Americans don't need to add more tax dollars to healthcare. Copy the Canadian system and everybody will be covered for half the cost.
I agree we need more money but not for the insurance companies.   We need it for SSI and SSDI
White power!!!!
You do get that you're supposed to be the president of the U.S. and not just the Republican Party, right?
No, Republicans won't do much better. What would be better is a true bipartisan solution, which was not sought.
Your plan to destroy health care for people AND the entire health care industry is the one that's dying. Wake up and smell the coffee
Ask Ben Carson!!!!! He campaigned on the exact thing the government should be doing
You look need healthcare dragging that fat can around but you don't do you, you just wait for a golf cart.
Republican healthcare plan so far is terrible and would negatively impact so many
You're a lying piece of sh*t. And you know it.
Adding more money to healthcare does not benefit working class people who get healthcare through employers.  Others should work for benefits
You need me!!
You don't understand how any of this works, do you? Like forget Schoolhouse Rock level, I'm pretty sure you can't even math good.
So far, that has not happened.
#CBOSCORE American genocide on the poor, sick, disabled, preexisting conditions, children & elderly #Trumpcare #23million #GOPcare #AHCA
when?
If obamacare dies, remember that you and GOP responsible and Americans won't forget how you betrayed us. GOP party of sleaze.
THIS IS NOT ABOUT WHO IS BETTER. IT IS ABOUT DOING WHAT IS BEST FOR OUR COUNTRY. Maybe you should look at it that way, asshole.
#WRONG 23 mill with no healthcare is bad.  Hey you want to take care of my moms med bills I hear you have money
Shut up
Repealing #Obamacare would remove dollars, & that's your stated goal. "Add(ing) more dollars" to healthcare is anathema to your stated goal.
Resign
LetMeSayItInAWayYouWillUnderstandMySimpleEnglish. MajorityOfCongressMembersWillPickUpThePaceAndDecideToImpeach. Capeche?
Thank you President ztr
What happened to limited government?
Go fuck yourself  !
What the *#=+ are you taking about?
23 million people losing coverage is not better. The Affordable Care Act was flawed. The Republican plan is offensive.
The republicans will do much better at committing treason - trading country for greed and power. Shameful.
Then why does your plan REDUCE Federal spending? Repealing the ACA will RUIN you & your crooked cronies.
TRUMPCARE & ALL IT WONT COVER ... LEAVING 23 MILLION AMERICANS WITH NO COVERAGE. COST TO HIGH .. SABOTAGED BY THE #illegitimatePresident 
Country over Party please. #DoYourJob
#obamacare is still alive and well in USA Maybe we could emulate one of the best national HC plans in the world-Australia
Nope. Killing Americans isn't health care.
More dollars for who exactly? The people on Medicaid want to know.
BY CUTTING MEDICAID AND MEDICARE BY ALMOST A TRILLION DOLLARS BUT YOU WANT BETTER CARE? (REMEDIAL MATH CLASS NEEDED)
We want improvements in ACA.  ACHA is a (to quote your favorite word) DISASTER.
President Trump I think you're doing a wonderful job George White said that keep up the good work
I blocked that troll.  Sickening!
ObamaCare is not dead but, this is one of the most sensible things you've ever said - make it like Australian Healthcare system (I dare ya!)
Another nonsensical tweet. Unless you're going to one payer. That's not something republicans are willing to do.
you tweet suggest Congress has a fake budget as you didn't write it nor have a clue what's in it...
I suggest you resign from office
I don't think so....Your are doing nothing but, destroying health care.and you will always be remembered for a plan that cuts care for many
Show me the money!
Fixing healthcare cost should come first. Everyone is looking out for themselves. Insurance companies price gouge the poor, etc.
It's not about who does it better! Y can't both dems and republicans make it better together? Country over Political Party.
Obama care dead?  Have that wrong nugget, under your coloring book health care plan more people will face death.
Are you serious about funding health care for all or are you just tweeting it and will blame the Repubs for AHCA?
We're waiting...so far what you've offered up is a death sentence to millions.  Don't decry the ACA until you come up with something better.
wat?
Shoving the knife further unto the American people? Money for whom exactly?
You could have been a hero. Now you're just a joke.
MEDICARE FOR ALL.
Yes, give the people what YOU PROMISED in healthcare.Shut down social services abusers.Entire towns on gov't disability. Look at WV 1st.
Ask the French President Macron, France has the best healthcare system in the world! No preconditions, no network, maternity leave etc...
