Firm behind anti-Trump dossier also worked for Russia, Senate witness says http://fxn.ws/2tOZ4qc 
I'm sure he knew about the raid on July 26th shortly after it happened- we should line up his tweets from that morning to see his reaction
Someone probably alerts him something is going down so he tweets.  Interesting theory.
Russia wanted Hillary 2 follow Obama's incompetence & they NEVER wanted DJT with a strong open mind that could go against them~MAKES SENSE~♡
God answered our prayers thank you lord 
 #ImpeachTrump #bewitched #endorarules #witches
@POTUS signing sanctions bill is howuhave lost the next election,exec power,foreign policy,unpredictability,ability2"deal"as allinDEM'shands
"Good noW!"®,B"H. They put NK, Iran with Russia in America bill 2 dupe U, and they did. Now Russia,VP, Chess Master has given order 2 755US;
"Good noW!"®,B"H. Already fleet show,Iraq, NK, visit, no leisure park, whereas VP supported U.Ucan change this. Rescind bill, get POTUS back
"Good noW!"®,B"H Act as if U haven't taken yr hand off the piece. Change moves. Call VP, apologise, Talk about opportunities,Trust as allies
"Good noW!"®,B"H. Revitalise the Job, WH, foreign policy, investment, options 4 MAGA&the world,do "Good noW!"®, B"H.Deal2stop terror by Iran
"Good noW!"®,B"H.All with1exception missed fact 3rd Ifada stabbing began with Iran Deal. Psyched Arabs up.Side with PUTIN v Iran terror M-E
"Good noW!"®.B"H.Herein lies solution2conflict in M-E &change the name from "state of Israel"2Israelshalem/LiRoShalem-our narrative2complete
"Good noW!",B"H.The world's completeness, Sheva7Shalem "7complete7" demands U get your @POTUS back, noW! Rescind the sanctions bill v VP!
Here's theTruth. Putin Views DJT as A "Simple Idiot" &Has Manipulated HimEven B4 theDay TheyMet *OnlyDisloyal Americans Succumb2 RussianRule
Repeating a blatant lie doesn't make it true. You told Russia to hack your opponent, homie. I hope you go to jail instead of impeached.
He sure defends himself a lot for a man that had nothing to do with Russia
BS! You said "Russia if your listening her emails would great!" She was hacked and so was the Democrats #TrumpRussia
I'm sorry, but please point out the joke in that statement, libratards that's nice keep being ignorant
SHUT UP.  Seriously.  Just. Shut. Up.
Please don't start World War 3 until I've had my breakfast thank you
Continue lying. The sheer tonnage will sink you in the end
The only reason you won the elections was because #Russia #Hacked Voting Machines. You are #Illigitimate!
LOL!

OMG ... LMAO!!! That's Too Funny!
This investigation is more abt covering 4 obum administration than collusion with Russia They r in a good position 2 make evidence disappear
taking money from people who don't have a lot is evil. I wouldn't be surprised if you're not skimming from treasury
3. WATCH: And here's another fundraising pitch from Eric Trump with this message: "We’re NOT letting the witch hunters win." 
Putin wanted YOU, dahlink. And why do you keep referring to yourself in the 3rd person like a cartoon megalomaniac?
In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military & low oil prices. Witch Hunt! https://twitter.com/foxandfriends/status/890848095424180225 …
Hey Mr. President, we the people would love if you took away from Congress the special health benefits and make them use Obama care.
Yes, because @foxandfriends are the last bastion of investigative journalism. 

A ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ha.
Monkey hour.... #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #Trumprussia #TrumpJrEmails #kushnerrussia #pencerussia #putin #G20 #MuellerTime
Wrong #Russians met in Trump Tower to provide intel on your opponent. You were aware. You colluded. @DonaldJTrumpJr
The Russians were against Hillary, because she would have actually been a qualified, competent President.
And SHE would not commit TREASON.
And she did not need their money that's one of the main things
You lie as easily as you breathe, don't you?
If he's breathing he's lying. It's a genetic trait shared by his entire family and a secret ingredient in the chocolate cake at Mar-A-Lago!
Ya don't like to hear the truth soo ya ignore it. Typical snowflake
Oh come on! U must take us for complete morons. There is hard evidence, provided by U and UR PPL. U expressed ur devotion to Russia from -
- day 1 of ur campaign. They knew they had u. Don Jr said "I love it!"....u wanted Putin to be ur "best friend"....THEY WEREN'T AGAINST U.
Russia tries to sabotage democratic elections in many countries, not just ours. One of their tactics is to delegitimize both candidates.
Only saying that Russia was against both of our candidates, although it's been portrayed as one-sided.
I love you, Katherine Howe. I really, really do.
Trump read Umberto Eco's essay on the 14 character traits of Fascists. You meet the definition of a fascist. 
http://interglacial.com/pub/text/Umberto_Eco_-_Eternal_Fascism.html …


Your 100% Correct President Trump.
Mueller is after u Donald...2 grand juries impaneled with the power to subpoena documents & compel u and ur cronies to testify under oath.
Russia clearly got you the job- you are the worst POTUS and an embarrassment.
@EricTrump @foxandfriends @FoxNews nice try traitor. Too bad so sad.
We all know that's a lie.
in other words, dumbest family in America

Obama is conducting covert operations from his DC home to create a take down of you Pres Trump.  How about wire tapping that usurper of 8 yr
Smoke screen redirection won't work. You're guilty of treason at the very least. @gop #mueller #impeachtrump #breiitbart @nytimes
...a witch-hunt to distract from democrat/Russian collusion.
The Trump witch-hunt investigation is just smoke and mirrors to cover democrat/Russian collusion.
Awww pookie did you and Vlad have a fight?  I'm sure y'all will kiss and make up soon
Rogue Russian oligarch's and their minions are not "Russia." That's dumb. Like the CIA is USA?
Donnie, no one believes you. Your son, son-in-law, and campaign manager colluded with Russians. Putin wanted your incompetence.
We dare you show your tax returns to prove you have no ties to Russia. Be honest and acknowledge your campaign was strongly helped by Putin.

I love the 3rd person thing. You seem stressed out, like you're still colluding for your own best interest? #TrumpCrimeFamily hates USA sad
No one believes you. No one.
The FOX article does not say or imply that in ANY words.  The 'other words' you refer to are coming from the voices in your head.
In other words, you are an embarrassment
If #Russia was against #Trump in 2016 #Election, why did Trump want to team with #Putin on #CyberSecurity. Think about that. #Impeach #USA



Hey Donald, better not betray Pootie-Poot.  He might decide to release the tapes. Do you really want the world to know about the micropenis?
no someone steal his brain long ago so now #Trump is brainless
Liar. Remember when the boat in "The Perfect Storm" was sunk by huge wave? We are the wave. Trump's gonna get wet. #TheResistance @SenateGOP

Did Trump win something no one is aware of? He's still looking for his first legislative victory, seven months later. #MakeFactsMatter
Amen, DJT. I, too, want a witch hunt; the more witches we can round up, the better.
Bob Mueller will sort it out. You can count on that...
Hillary wanted stronger sanctions against Russia, supports NATO, called out Russian Corruption. No,don't think Putin wanted Hillary
THE NEW AG @ALLENWEST you can get rid of Obamacare as they are stealing from #FReddyfannymac and Corrupt @BobSMueller wasted $100M taxpayer
The friend of my enemy is my enemy! Hillary decided her fate @POTUS, @JudgeJeanine. Don’t let anyone tell you we can’t handle their arrests
Russia Russia Russia now Racist Racist Racist. Y'all have lost your mines. He's going to Drain The Swamp
Seems like he wants to recreate a new wave of MCcarthyism in the USA,
 must have enjoyed the previous one!!#schönböse
List of members of Trump campaign with undisclosed Russian contacts:
-Kushner
-Sessions
-Flynn
-Junior
-Manafort
...
Did you not read the article?
It doesn't say anything about that.
But thank you for keeping the #TrumpRussiaCollusion story in the limelight
Can we tie you up and throw you in a river to see if you float? Then this issue of witches will be solved& the FBI can end its investigation
Why haven't you signed the Sanctions Bill yet? Why are you stalling and delaying?
No
One
Believes
You
Traitor
Oh yeah strong military is good very good jobs after all Putin is going to be sorry he messed with you sir
I heard REAL witches are doing spells on you daily.  I don't know for a fact, I hear things.
Just RESINGE Donald...
AND MAKE THE WORLD A NICE PLACE AGIAN
You are the the only Witch DONALD...soooo if you put yourself in a ...it Will be good for everybody
You are colluding with Russia..you are a traitor and we will prove it.
LIAR...you and yours knowingly WERE/ARE in collusion with the Russians to harm the US Electoral process. You didn't win...you CHEATED.
Russia was for you- and you said so yourself.  Lying is like breathing to you
So if you're talking about Trump, who are you?

Bolton & I agreed back early that Russia was using reverse psychology and were really for Hillary.
THATS WHY #HILLARYCLINTON GAVE THEM NUCLEAR MATERIALS TO DEFEAT #TRUMP BY GIVING HILLARIOUS MONEY FOR ELECTION FROM SALE OF NUCLEAR MATERIAL
The truth comes out and the leftist socialist double down on stupid! Dems are trying as hard as they can lie to all that will listen.
Let's match the dem's attack mode by investigating their special counsel witch hunts! Get Schultz, Clinton, Comey, Holder, Lynch, Clapper!
Dont deflect you are under investigation. Not over till the fat lady sings and every time you have unrest at the hill someone will sing
Thanks to you I have a better vocabulary:  collusion
You are in bed with them, their dubious & criminal acts encouraged by you turned the election. You are fake Pres. supported by russian mob
Oh Russia thought they wanted you. Just didn't realize how inept you really are.
Please fire Mueller and his minions.  He  is doing you and America a world of disservice on behalf of Democrats.
Nice try @POTUS. Everyone knows you & Putin planning next election. @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @SenateGOP @lisamurkowski @DRUDGE_REPORT
Traitor
Fake News, liar Trump trying to deflect his Russian colluding.  Trump is nothing but Putin's Puppet on a Stick.
https://medium.com/@LaddEveritt/from-russia-with-love-for-the-nra-ffc69088fe41 …

RUSSIA has NEVER been "against" Trump!!!  

QUIT SELLING THOSE LIES!!

YOUR TIME IS RUNNING OUT DONNY....#TickTock
Please don't assume U can explain anything to anyone.Most USA has seen what a fool you are.Republicans just waiting to get ridOfYou forPence
This was Russia's reaction - congress owns this. You did what the wanted and now they must be held accountable.
Funny, if Russia was against you why were half your campaign staff including your odious son taking meetings with Russians?
PANTS ON FIRE  PANTS ON FIRE  #LIARinSeat #trumprussia #trumpchina
The thing about intense unfairness, outright lies, is it causes one to defend people that one might otherwise ignore and it becomes personal
We all know Russia was behind you & are blackmailing you ... tick tock tick tock
Lol if only your SON'S EMAILS didn't contradict this completely.
Can't wait for impeachment!!! Studied History and the likeness to Hitler/Stalin is scary. This orange thing is bad news for US!
Real Resistance!
Fake President.
Come on
You cannot be this ignorant.
It means the opposite. It means they gathered crap on you to blackmail you b/c you are a puppet to them
Can't turn a sow's ear into a silk purse and Trump's the whole pig!
In other words, it's only a matter of time before Vlad starts Putin and pee-peeing all over you.
When are you going to have some dignity and act like president,of course Russia was messing
With our election and you denied that.
what ur saying is propaganda...

4 those who aren't mindless drones read @Billbrowder full statement

spoiler alert: its REALLY bad 4 @POTUS
You are a fake and a fraud and Russia helped you win the election.
when treason is proved
#impeach45*
Get off the computer, traitor!



Strong military include excluding the LGTB soldiers ? Yes the same soldiers who are fighting so you can expend taxpayers money playing golf
All of this begs the question: Why is Robert Mueller is still investigating Trump?
@foxandfriends bull s*** Don. U owe them $$, one debt you can't stiff. Ur selling our country, to pay that debt. Traitor
This conflicts with what your son reported.
Mr President, your collusion and financial shenanigans will come out.  POTUS IN JAIL
Cmon they clearly wanted you to win and you are very very weak on Russian Cyber crimes
Rus not against Trump, just making Plan B in case you refused to collude.

BEST IDEA OF 2017: Let's see how FAST congress moves when THEIR children are on Obamacare.  https://twitter.com/RealJamesWoods/status/891478241474740225 …

https://twitter.com/1GigiSims/status/891562459311611904 …
The WORLD HATES YOU 45!
You are going to prison
WE SHALL SEE!  CONGRESS DOES NOT TRUST YOU!!!!  GOOD FOR THEM TO FORGE SANCTIONS BILL ON YOUR CRAZY ASS!
The MSM collusion
About Russia&Trump
Was Media manipulation of a market
That is an Anti-Trust violation!
SEC Investigation
Depositions NOW!
@foxandfriends Did you come up with that quack theory while sitting on the can?
Trump is a Russian puppet and a TRAITOR
You can't be so dense u think people believe Russia was against u n 2016. Everyone knows they're the reason you're occupying the white house
They thought you'd be a "Useful Idiot".  #HalfRight
@foxandfriends is Russian propaganda. Everyone knows Russia helped u b/c they're scared of Hillary!!! Russia knows ur a dirty money-grubber!
Fox and Friends will run whatever you pay they to run.
Wait!  Take a breath.  Your dimwit offspring verified, via emails, that Russia wanted to help YOU.  Stop spreading lies.
The Russians clearly wanted Trump to win but to then control him.
You keep believing that, you Cheeto faced loon.
Oil prices were lower under .@BarackObama
Your attempt at Jedi mind tricks is laughable.
Bullshit!
If they were against u Y are you trying to reward them by lifting sanctions?!!... @Scaramucci  is right, the fish stinks from the head down.
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH
Shaking in his boots.
That is literally one of the dumbest things I have ever heard What is your obsession with witches? As Above-So Below This will haunt you
OMG what is wrong with you?  2016.  Get over it!  You have more pressing issues then the dang votes!  Good Grief!!!! Enough already!!!!!
At this point, they have stopped the hunt and positively identified the witch. It's name is Donald Trump.
There he goes being extra GUILTY again. If your NOT GUILTY why continue to bring it up? #TeamTrump has too many ties to Russia #TrumpRussia
The playbook!!!!
I said, nothing to see here! Nothing! Nothing at all!
#TrumpLies #trumputin #trumprussia #collusion
Every time you talk about yourself in the third person, Rachel Wolf worries about your mental health & dissociation from reality.

We all hate you
STOP TRYING CONSTANTLY TO DEFEND YOURSELF! WE ALREADY KNOW YOU'RE GUILTY!!!!
You and the kings of fake news at Fox are pathetic.  All of you could make America great again by resigning.
You committed treason asking Russia to find deleted emails. You asked them to hack the DNC. You colluded with them to win the election. 1

You're a liar! The Russians have your number, traitor!
Just as long as those sanctions are signed. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPence #failedadmin #RICO #TAXRETURNS #LAUNDERING #Bayrock

Sweetie. Give up the goose. There's written proof. Ask your son. Remember? He was "transparent" a week ago, you said. About the emails.
Shut up. Liar. Traitor. Plutocrat. #
