Football players with such disrespectfulness is shameful. First it was about the National Anthem, now race. Ridiculous!
Grandstanding Game ShowSnot who knows nothing abt govt & whose business acumen is:FRAUD,LYING,DebtDefault,Bankruptcy & theft sgd b in jail
Funny. Just reading an article about how everyone quit & said you'd tweet that YOU dissolved the groups. And you did! #Charlottesville
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not hav...
Nice replacement results! Zero
pls consider that u words harm than help. We  want live in health, whole world. We don't want wake up in a land of destruction and violence.

Hey Donny - what happened here? Nobody returned your calls?? #Liar #ImpeachTrump 
You are so weird its unbelievable !!!
Great job.This Vet is proud again.Thank You!
You are the king of grandstanders.
The second is this, ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these.” 
 - Mk 12:31
End the wicked practice of child support and men of all groups will keep you in office and I don't even like you
Sad you cannot say BLM who kill cops destroy cities and rob businesses. We cannot help inner-city youth when they vote Dem again & again SAD
And those of many will leave too
So who's chomping at the bit to join your counsels? Go on. I'll wait.
You are crazy
Because no one likes you
And no you don't
time to kick you and your family out of the country you don't belong here either since you have all come from another country too.to bad
people just found out what a gutless cold hearted below pond scumm you are hope you understand the old saying what you sow you reap.
lmao you can't even find one person to hold a piss can for you..you have no heart or soul thats why you turn everything over to someone else
What will you do Whit Kim chen un
I love it Mr. President. U need CEO's that have patience and are pragmatic and do not overreact to day 0 liberal news attacks.
Small minded & foolish comment. Don't talk do...
DON'T FORGET BETSY DEVOS. HELP HER GET STUDENTS TRAINED FOR THESE NEW JOBS. ALL DO NOT WANT OR NEED COLLEGE. WE NEED CRAFTSMEN BADLY!
Your doing great Job, #DrainTheSwamp
34%
why are they  leaving   maybe  you  need check yourself.
Good for you Trump!  I know you got this!! Your the man for this country and we are thankful for you and your service to the American people
okeeee
Clown.
U of all ppl shld know what a grandstandet is. That's all u ever do!
Yeah? I don't think Krups, Hugo Boss,  and Mercedes Benz want to go down that road again. #NeverForget
Ahhh nope...they all jumped your sinking ship.
They're leaving because of you!!!
You cant even fill vacant Cabinet positions! 
Yeah, Don, they're really begging to get on your now non-existent panel. Is there nothing you can't botch?
Another crack dream from the insane pres, Lol!
All my retweets come back around not retweeted.
Strength Mr. PRESIDENT IS the only way to handle it, Great Job! TRUMP 2020!
What Mom and Pop stores??
Yaaaay! That's great!
And why did they drop out Mr. President?
The wall ? You are the biggest threat to the american people  !!!!!

You'll never be the man or have the class of President Obama
T, Stop complaining about everyone!  What is Wrong with you?
So many that you pulled the plug...#justanotherlie
Ur pathetic
Call me I will do the job.  I am tired of China stealing my ideas and selling them on wayfare.
Our President Mr Donald J Trump, you are in  bang over target 
If you need some good help, I would be all in
Admit it loser. They all left you RACIST .
(Insert picture of Donald crying here)
They why did you disband the council?
In today's era, an email signature is appropriate for everyone. Hand Writing HTML code.Visit
http://bit.ly/2tFaR9j 
Ivanka tweet again-->https://twitter.com/IvankaTrump/status/896705195228381187 … We want 2 tell d American ppl what Ivanka tweets make GREAT political #responsetoracism!!
1:2 There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis.
legal case a PRIVATE entity was invaded by certn liberal Black Dems whom want 2 play #racecard politics I did like  CEO's here I #leftmycase
U're seeing d difference between d PRIVATE sector & politics!! What U said about #Charlottesville why these CEO's leaving My @advocatehealth
Sure you do.  You are toxic.  No one wants to get anywhere near.
I need a job since you don't need to know nothing about nothing I think I qualify
Imagine that. A businessman that other businessmen want absolutely nothing to do with. Wonder why that is?
#ElPatoDonaldTrump #TrumpVenezuelaSeRespeta
You went bankrupt how many times?? What can you do? You've bankrupt the Secret Service #ImpeachTrump
What a RICHARD
Donald there are no CEOs who will take their place you are too toxic
Is that why you shut it down, dummy???
