Don't try to fool Indians with this drama. We Indians very well know that USA is always supporting & funding PAKI and the whole world knows that Pakistan using these funds for Terror organisations.
That was in Oct, now it’s Jan 1
Lol
Make those offers they cant resist, and. US benefits financially. Make America great again.
#CooperationOrCapitulation It's really up to Pakistan.
you surely changed your tune a$$ hole @realDonaldTrump
Amazing. Every word in that tweet is wrong.
No, our relationship is rapidly deteriorating. What you meant to say was that ‘China is starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders.’ As we retreat from our leadership position around the world, China fills the vacuum.
اوئے ٹرمپا تیری پین دی سری
اوئے اسی لتاں بھن دیاں گے تیریاں
اوئے سالیا سانوں ای تڑیاں
اوئے چٹیا باندرا تیری .پین دی سری او کنجرا ساڈے توں بچ کہ رہے
They have pussy just for the taking
Your lack of continuity, and inability to maintain any kind of stability, dooms the entire world.
Changing manner of trump.
Trump stock is up way up
Pakistan is The greatest fighter against terrorism. We the Pakistani losed Thousands of life in fight against terrorism. Long Live Pakistan
Really condemn the brutality being done by United State,Russian and syrian forces against the innocent muslims of Ghouta Stop#killing#muslim
I’ll bet you couldn’t even find Pakistan on map..
thanks,u
For what?
Please let the President of the Virgin Islands know that I can’t stand him.
#PsychopathicCultLeaders like flaunting their superficial charm in the spotlight.Reality...they're easily bored, impulsive & irresponsible.
President Trump said “Americanism, not Globalism, will be our credo” – Promises made, Promises kept! #AmericaFirst
World leaders RESPECT America for the first time in a long time!
We need to #ImpeachTheMSM
President Trump alone has produced 13 year high Consumer Sentiment – Congress needs to get on the #TrumpTrain
Want to stop the opioid epidemic? Built the Trump Wall, and Build it NOW!
Putin is a HUGE fan of the Iran Deal! Make your choice now leftists. You’re either with Trump or you’re with Putin
Don't drop the soap after your conviction chief.
#Wrong - corporations, the 1%, politicians, and lobbyists corrupt our country. Your ignorance also contributes #GetInformed
Maybe you can build a shitty hotel/casino there?
Do you want to become part of terrorism ?
Good job Mr. President

Pakistan hates #America & #Americans. Pak citizens burning the flag of US. Pakistan is not a friend but one of the enemy of America. 
SLAY ME DONNIE T
 #winning 45 #MAGA #IStand
Not a good leader. You really suck at presidenting.
Maybe you could move there?
But you keep fucking it up with American territories
Maybe you should try this with America!
Come on.  Don't you have anything better to do than tweet 10 times a day?  We have so many issues right now!
our main issue seems to be him
Pakistan knows how to turn and twist things to their favour.
They’re smart players, we need to be careful with them !!!
kena mara majara
Like this tweet if you love America
Tossing Iran to Congress was a chickenshit move.  You are not fit to be president.
Dear sir Trump don't ask for "Do more" please as we have already done enough
You insulted them earlier in the week. Reread your comments.
Probably taking credit for something he had zero part in. Give it 10 minutes and he will give Pakistan a nickname and threaten them
So, next Trump Tower is going to Pakistan???

Hahahahahahahahahahahahahah.......... ahahahahahahahahahahahah
It’s just a matter of time- #25thAmendmentNow
Wouldn't put too much trust in them. #keepyourfriendscloseandyourenemiescloser
Like giving us Bin Laden, they sure are the best peeps ever!
everyone hates you!

Fuck off resign your a fucking idiot you probably think you're president of Pakistan!!
Who used to speak against "radical Islamic Terror" is now developing relationships with Pakistan? Hypocrisy ! 
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.

Pakistani dog @AamirWaseem87 
A randian (prostitute) map 
Pakistan is either America's dog or China's dog.. But one thing is clear that PAKISTAN is DOG 

Dekh le kutte
Some more Randians on road
Gandi naali ke keede Pakistanio ki soch bhi bhot gandi hai 
Do you recognize this?
What are the problems which @realDonaldTrump is going through? Please retweet and vote
This is what Pakistan is .. So never expect Pakistan to change or improve 
Come on cow pee drinkers...
On many fronts
Careful Pakistan citizens laugh about take US money and protecting Isis . If it ends the lose funding . Word from American Pakistan 
Are you going to do a cute little sword dance with them and then touch their glowing orb? #MAGA
We'd like to thank you for resigning
Nope !
Ok Russia
You wish ! Is that all you have LOL?

I request and appeal all Americans to not support "Pakistan" which is actually "Terroristan"..
Beggers. You may start licking American boots now.
Oh, so the beggar of Pakistan who is alive because of "favours of Mahatma Gandhi" is peaking this ?

Hindustan Zindabad 
Pakistan Murdabad
Pakistan ka matlab kia?
La ilaha illallah Muhammad ur Rasool Allah.

2017 was all good but they lie in 2018 
Hey schizo.. remember this?
You literally tweeted a few hours ago that they had given us nothing but lies. WTAF is wring with you?
Thank you

glaring inconsistencies Mr Trump 
is it your lover`s tiff with Steohen Bannon that got you triggered
lol look at this

@HillaryClinton
The enabler and witch her minions..flying fuck monkeys!!!
What a change can he sustain
@mabs239, you should know that father of Pakistan is India  .. So always respect your Father 
Mehmood Ghaznavi, Shahb ud Din Ghouri, Balban, Babar, Sher Shah, Jehangir, Alamgir. Don't get too big for your clothes. Ruled you centuries.
So they were not Pakistanis .. They were just Mughal rulers !! What are you proud about them ??
You've been bashing Pakistan since the beginning of the campaign.  What changed?  Who did you buy?
You may have noticed that their Senate just approved the legality of pedophilia with their child marriage customs.
Be ready to give more aids to pak.for pak, friendship with US means dollars, weapons and umbrella support with closed eyes towards terrorism
Dogs tail kept in pipe never gets straight even after several years,  here dog is Pakistan..
Well said sir
start to develop a brain
Thanks!
Finally US back to its agenda since long continue using terrorist and countries who provide safe havens fund them nd use them
And we were thinking that trump will be different as of obama nd Hillary all r same purely a puppet in the hands of someone else
Pakistan?Like Harboring Osama bin laden for years; well many of our brave soldiers sacrificed their lives searching for him!
#Disgraceful
#FakePresident #FuckingMoron  Yes of course, lets make friends with the source of most of the terrorists!
You have got to be kidding!!!!!!
Maybe you can let them talk to the President of Nebraska
@narendramodi did we choose a wrong ally in fight against terrorism 
@GovernmentRF  is our Oldest & Loyal friend when we needed them
How many times will USA trust Porkistan ? World is about to end under Islamic terrorism of Pakistan.

You really forgot 
Where have been killed Osama
Where was Mula omar save haven ex leader of taliban
Where have been killed Mula mansor
Non-nuclear deal helps to guarantee pacific coexistance between communities... Terrorism  needs to be treated as a common global issue.
Relationship with Pakistan I think is too complicated for you to understand.  They will play you like a ukulele.
This is not right Trump ! 
#Pakistan is the Sponsor of Terrorism ! Against Christian, Hindus and minority Muslim ! Stop funding terrorist.
Probably in your imagination
Please don't forget Nambia - you did not make our country great, you created it!
Great Job Mr President
Where most terrorist are great job! #impeachtrump #impeach45
Great
Pakistan contribution and sacrifices for peace are more than any other country. World should acknowledge that.
Check out the Awan scandal going on...
@realDonaldTrump Oops! So much for our "much better relationship with #Pakistan". How did THIS happen? #Terrorism
Viet nam la nguoi ban than thiet!!!!!
Can't/won't u ever tell the truth.Truth: there is no DIFFERENCE in what Weinstein did for decades that what Trump did for decades,joint cell
I voted for Tump.  I think he could be a better President if he seperated his personal tweet from his professionaltweetsanduseEthicsCode
How long will it be before you pick a fight with them, too?  2 hrs?  24 hrs?  A week? You have no concept of how to behave maturely, do you.
What will Americans do with all the money and power in the world when there will be terror everywhere !

They hate you.  They ALL snicker at you behind your back...lol. #LeavenworthBound #PutinsCockHolster #Racist #RapingAmerica #Liar
Isn't Pakistan where they train zillions of Muslim boys to fight jihad...read it in Readers Digest back in the late 90's.
Go to hell US. We just did this because of innocent person are in prison with family, not for you and your US. We did not play any more.
#MOPA
Lord help us. Why don't you work on your relationship with the American people. Especially in Peurto Rico.
Any country such as trashy Pakistan who act like heathens towards Christianity are no friend to USA!
 If suddenly a Christian church in #Pakistan's Mardan is on fire, and hundreds of Pakistani Muslims to dance around it. 
then delete your account as social media is haram for Islam.
Now U talking like a man And A human, you have 2 cool dawn Mr.Trump U were far too aggressive, the world can't afford world War 3
After effects of CPEC
meine Herren, ich empfehle Ihre Taten! du hast meine Unterstützung und danke! SEMPER FIDELIS
My respect to all who kneel
U talked serios busines & thy responded. Increas serios talks on mny fronts 2 help US AFG &India fight terror. US shuldn't b deceived anymor
Thank you and I believe together we can eliminate the bad dots from earth . Stay united and stay strong Pakistan , US
we as Pakistanis are very happy on this statement by president  Donald Trump
And when does your first hotel go up there?
hope you'll be set up on your own statement..
Thank you Mr. President
@realDonaldTrump @narendramodi  well done
you have to keep one country in hand either Pakistan or India .. If both then solve Kashmir issue completely ...
On many fronts like terrorism...I don't know what pakistan do other than these..
Die
wait, no. they are deceitful AF.
+Build Relationship with"Islamic Republic of PakistanVisit
G8#CPEC#COAS Gteed SEC
#OBOR-ALL #COASs in ONE Boat
Lpc
You'll end up saying some stupid shit and piss them off too.
Shows US is always confused. A little window dressing and the big business magnate is happy.
Sir, US needs Pakistan in the game it is playing against Iran . Needs India for China and needs Afghanistan for safety of Arab states
Do moreہن توں کہیا نا میں تیری نا ساں تے مکا مارنا.
Good to know , Thanks alot to our @defencepk  @Pakistan_Army for make us feel proud #ISI #DGISPR  @OfficialDGISPR
Fat Donny is such a loser and liar.
Afghanistan has more Shilajeet then Pakistan. i guess with better quality. Please try Afghanistan shilajeet.
Pakistani  nation want  peace  all over  the  world but  few  people  trying  to destroyed  this  world  Peace so  think positive more plz
Sorry that we can never tell U stuff!
People can't see that the man USA choose to be the president is actually ruining the land. Instead of tweeting you should run your country.
dont close ur eyes on pakistan issues and scrifices
Head down to liberals in media and intelligence services.

Pakistan is not promoting terrorism just Iran?
Headass
Are they in bed with Russian/Putin too? That would be right up your alley!!! #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
We pakistanis only want bilateral relations with your country. No foreign troops in pakistan allowed. #SaveSouthAsia

@realDonaldTrump instrumental in bringing this family home. You won't hear on @CNN @POTUS going after bad people it
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/freed-family-reaches-canada-says-kidnappers-killed-1-child/2017/10/14/454b6904-b0b8-11e7-9b93-b97043e57a22_story.html … 
Another nuclear power with a hair trigger worse than KIM!  I just love the folks you choose as friends!
Meanwhile, you're screwing up long term relationships with other allies.
Pakistan will hurt you where you cannot think of , you  are making a mistake sir ! Anyways the Americans never learn,new n great America?!
मुंबई हमले का मास्टरमाइंड हाफिज सईद को रिहा करेगा पाकिस्तान
Starting to develop better ties with Pakistan, says Trump .. Thank you
Mr President .. Hope to see bright future b/w Pakistan & USA ..
You’re doomed
DOWN WITH U.S.A
how about gun violence?
More Pakistanis than people at the inauguration.
DISCUSS PAKISTAN IN DETAIL W/INDIA WHO IS FULL AWARE OF ISLAMICST &MIL RULE.DO NOT TRUST W/OUT VERIFY! &STOP US$AID2 THEM! R LIKE LIB BABIES
Shabash hy
Your mediation required for solve the kashmir issue according to the UN resolution
Pakistan is laughing at you just like every country on the planet. Even Russia.
Thanks for remembering Christmas Originally Christ's Mass! Happy holidays Originally Happy Holy days
Not Xmas! That x out Jesus Bad!

Why are you trying to take credit? You didn't do a thing to make better relations with anyone except Putin.
Does thus mean anything or we are reading too much into nothing.
This is the only way. For the interest of both as well as the region
Pakistan is reliable friend trust us & finish the trust deficit. It shall be win win for both US & Pk
I think you must think before you speak before that you insult #Pakistani_nation ... You seems so diplomatic...
Try to do ur best to gain our confidence back Or our generations know nothing other than fighting 
#WeMadeYouWorldPower by breaking #USSR
OMG......I hope someone is intervening in this....because Trump is clueless..
pakistan will have your ass donald  they are big boys and moslims  they will never step back for you    and i agree
I'm really glad. 
Scum identifies/relates to Scum.
The best way to check relationship is to defund Pakistan. In fact, 5 yr moratorium on allforeign aid. Put the $ on the Wall
Dictated you dictator.
Good luck sir, keep feeding and make pak a monster.

And the cycle goes on. Billions to Pakistan and  terrorism for US.
You used your SoS?
U must respect Pakistan sovereignty...we wanna c a good relationship with USA.. don't mess these relationship..
Pakistan zindabd pak FOJ zindabd. .
#shame - on - you - Trump
why you dont stop war in kurdistan
FUCKING
Better late than never
I
