The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with ...
gringo maricon y la concheumare
That should do it!!
Loser Trump lost all battles with middle east, europe, mexico, china even north korea, but victory to canada. Go to HELL!
That would be CHINA. You think thats possible?
WE MUST DO IT !!!!! NOW OR NEVER !!!! CHINA IS BEHIND NORTH KOREA! CHINA BECAME RICH AND POWERFUL OFF OF USA  MILITARY MFG USA !
Yes we need to many countries rely on the American economy shut them down
Still considering....
My voice
It will be tough! We need to find options to get things we really need from other countries!
CHUPALA TRUMPETA KLO
perkin culiao
racist I am chilean and what
N O R T H - K O R E A ..is majority @AmericanAtheist @AtheistRepublic ..
all.. A T H E I S T s ... Nation - @rowan007
That is great Mr. Trump!! Do it!!!
这才是川普总统
You must realize the entire world knows that is a completely empty threat. More wind out of the blowhard Trump. Your family relies on China
So much jealousy in a black man you are childish Mr Trump just childish
You have no clue
how about you actually do something other than say youre going to do something. Do they need to actually nuke us for you to take action?
If there's one person qualified to speak on what it means to be international embarrassment it's you #FakePresident
President Trump condemns North Korea nuclear test, calls the country "a rogue nation" and "embarrassment to China." http://cnn.it/2x1NDMG  
Do you honestly think that will work SMH
who do u feel the need to conduct international 'diplomacy' on twitter? are u thick or something? doesn't take a genius to work it out
why do u*
Too bad your family's riches are so tied to China that your threats ring hollow. Liar-in-Grief
u are floundering badly 1 problem to the next Sad donnie very sad
Including China?
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/declare-george-soros-terrorist-and-seize-all-his-related-organizations-assets-under-rico-and-ndaa-law …
Amen!
Will this effect Walmart and internet purchases from China?
Telegraphing your moves?  Thought you said that was stupid?
But where will you get your maga hats
Many entanglements with that move Don. If anyone can untangle them you can. Stay strong in the swamp. Be ironclad below the waterline!!!!!!
That's intellectually brilliant thinking POTUS. Be careful that they don't hack that Intelligence like  Benedict Barry allowed.
Not after @POTUS erases all he did wrong 
Would be effective in less than a month.
Please do the same with Venezuela
So you'd stop ALL trade with China?

Hahahahahahahahaha!
You get more delusional by the day.

Congress? 25th Amendment time
Please do this. Stop all trade. They need us more then we need them. Please Mr president. Show the world we're back and you do t mess w/us
Guess your 17th bankruptcy will happen forthwith then.
Please don't trust your advisors completely this could be a false flag. Talk with n Korea leader
Stupidity.  Isolate your allies.
Really?.. so no more trade with China?.. I doubt that

How will the people get your hats & ties then? https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/904377075049656322 …
uh, scuse me, but Walmart/Jina connection is pretty tight. Our country without Walmart???? Go head and blow it up.
Btw. What does the treasury Secretary have to do with drafting a bill for Congress about NK
That's not a great idea.
You will never stop all trade with China. This is a childish thing to say. This statement tells NKorea they are dealing with a child.
I'm sure that will come as a huge surprise 
STOP LYING! You are one of the main people doing business with CHINA!
China does big business with North Korea and they bankroll you! So stop pretending and talking tough!
What happened to "Fire and Fury such as the world has never known?" You are a joke! KJU toying with a toddler!
Everything you do about North Korea is reactionary. And why are you tweeting your plans? How imbecilic is that?
What plan is he tweeting? Do you understand how to read and comprehend what you read?
He tweeted ONE option. It appeared to be a plan because there were no alternatives. Presumably the most favorable. Hence why he tweeted it.
Jessica that is your opinion. Is it possible he tweeted the least favorable to see how MSM would jump all over it? His detractors ridiculeit
Aren't you assuming why he tweeting? This is your opinion, this is not a FACT.
Leader of Free World 101: NEVER tweet BS bluff threats you cannot back up.
i connect leader of the free world with angela merkel. don't speak of it ever again. please
250 billion dollar a year trade deficit with China. When will it change? Make it here. Sell it here. Buy it here. America First! 
Dude, your #MAGA hat is made in North Korea's number on trading partner. Trump is playing you for a fool.
Seriously there are so many misguided liberal kooks on Here that live in fantasy land that Lil Fat boy Kim doesn't want us dead
They think the same way about ISIS and believe. Muslims just love the gay community liberalism is a freaking disease
what a stupid statement.
You realize how much money this is going to cost your supporters when Wal-Mart shuts down and they have to buy American-made Tiki torches?
Where will you get your ky jelly for your boyfriend
Dude we all know you're not going to cut off relations with China. That's where all your garbage ties are made 
Not to mention Ivanka's dealings there.
Including...
Don't forget Ivanka's crap. That's all made in China too.
The Silent Majority will be silent no more! We won the Presidency and continue to show them why @realDonaldTrump is a great leader!
The silent majority - you mean Fox news?
No, he means common sense people that are not 
You mean the Nazis protestors with a new found love of statues celebrating coming 2nd in the civil war !
Ummm.... wrong again  but, keep guessing I am sure you can figure it out sooner or later!?
I'll keep guessing, right up until impeachment time, listening for the silent majority.
Wow. Guess youll be waiting until forever because @realDonaldTrump isn't getting impeached! #MAGA
2 grand juries and a special investigator ex head of the FBI with IRS, issuing warrants, conducting dawn raids, subpoenas.Fetch the popcorn!
Literally not achievable given that China tops that list and we are far too dependent on that trade to give it up.  Empty bluster.
The US will be fine without China and they know it.
Well, that's one way to quickly screw the U.S. over.
"The United States" or just your whackjob of a brain that doesn't get that Twitter should not be a focus group for foreign policy?
Mr president stop that knuckhead in NK before he ruins everything for billions of people.no going back once he does something dumb GO PREZ!
Sure.  Stop all trade with China. Thanks. The shelves are empty at Wal Mart!
You don't need to be able to see me to know this one is BS, Donny.
You gonna stop trade with China? I'll wait.
(jk, I wait for no one)
Ifeel it's time he goes away now President Trump Thatsick twisted bullie's got issues beyond even what hes unable to PUT A LIDON IT! Lets
Concerned that you are antagonising North Korea. Do not get us all killed
Awwww....no more cheap #MAGA or #45 crap then?
Wow great informative post, really adds a lot to the conversation. Do you have any actual solutions or just gonna pile on sarcastic hate?
Really gonna stop trading with China? How ever will you get your products into America?
Humpty trumpy is a COWARD. racist & coward. His sycophants are even worse. He has evil in his heart. Americans will rid USA of him. head
https://youtu.be/BKGHhWlF3uk 
Irma is now "one of the strongest hurricanes we have witnessed in the last decade." RT THIS AND INFORM EVERY1 THANKS
Do it now

Considering stopping trade with China? 
Da pttttttgggggi
We will sacrifice & adapt. This N. Korean maniac must be dealt with. No more kicking the can down the road on this one.
Go Ahead! Go Go Go Go Go... Go!
Would agree with this totally. It's about time we stop all the nonsense we have the control to do business with smart leaders .
Money talks and Trump knows money! Right leader at the right time!
Any military action on North Korea would prompt an immediate thermonuclear reprisal on the Metropolitan US.
When you're convicted of treason, and you will be, there will be dancing in the streets all across America!
Keep dreaming clown
Mexican news fake, I talk to my employee
they told me different than, what I see in the u.s. news
Mexican new is misleading there people's
Buy USA. Not China
How you gone live without goods from China you really are delusional and need medical help
I #. Ads dac@advadvdn the
Does no one think this guy is a troll?  How could that pic be anything but a joke???
Consider away. You won't do it because of all your family's products. china.. china.. china.. china.. china.. china.. china...  .. . ... .
I think Sanctons to Stop the Money flow, is an Excellent Idea! If they can't continue to do Business It will hurt them deeply!!
World Champignonship
Addicted to war: Since 1776, US has been at war 93% of the time – That’s 222 out of 239 years!
Just asking, how will that benefit us?
great way to finish destroying the US economy. maybe you should get some real advisors instead of Yes Men
I know this has nothing to do with anything, but i try to get a copy of my america citezen certificate and cost like 800 dllsthat its crazy
RESIGN PLEASE!
Have you done the math in how many millions of American citizens will lose their jobs if you do that?
We don't need them we never need them
So your crappy merchandise wont be produced in China any more?
KICK ASS
Liar
Really? What about China? How is that going to benefit us?
SOS Brazil, enough of the Communist Government, we want to be free again!
Took long enough
Except China because that's where all of Ivanka's products are made. #pence4Prez #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
so wonderful
Stopping trade with China would push us to recession.  We like low prices!
Last option Sir;
Kim "Sun Gon"
Can you even locate North Korea on a map, putz?
The incremental steps have not worked.  Make China & Russia take care of their neighborhood!
Good
Get on with it, then. Do something other than threaten people. Everyone is becoming immune to your threats because that's all you do.#Doofus
Might nip the tweets in the bud when they make thinly veiled threats towards country who could call in note they hold on USA at anytime.
Mr. President, we also hope that you consider in your exterior policy the problem in Venezuela, we the people will appreciate your help
Great job president
Ha. Made in China. Says it all. Couple the American economy is by were to do that. Bozo
Dear Leader, I mindlessly support you. However, WTF dude? We gonna boycott trade with Chima and South Korea?  Tribble on yer head be cray.
Good make America safe again.  Thank you
we would stop doing business with China?? Yeah right!
Has your Presidency been Hijacked!
Does this mean you and @IvankaTrump will shut down your Chinese factories? 
#NorthKorea
In China,selling veggies can be fatal.The woman has since died. Communist Party: says all the nice words, does all the nasty deeds.
You need to stay off Twitter
What do the regimes of Russia and N Korea have in common? They both want us to suffer. They are coordinating our destruction as you watch.
Who's the hooker in the photo
Hello
I was so looking to get a Note 8.  Thank you, Twitler.  Does that mean you'll move factories here.
Want to buy a watch buy of me
About time.
Very smart move.thankyou president trump
So, who's going to make your cheap ties, & @IvankaTrump's tacky clothes & knock-off shoes?! #Unfit2Lead #ResignNow
Why dont you stop trading with china and help India. It will make at much cheaper rate, and you will tackle chinese menace.

I LOVE #SHITPOSTING 
china business with N- korea
What are you waiting on
IMO BEST THING U COULD DO, THAT INCLUDES CHINA, RIGHT !!!!!  MUST DO WHAT IT MUST DO !!!!!!!!!
Yes do it it's about time we have to start doing something not just talking about it
Do it starting with China and For Gods sake get on ignore all the rubbish and end Cold War with Russia and full open boarders. R not enemy
That's bullshit, Walmart would go out of business.
thank y0u s0 much ,,,they need t0 be with theyre c0untry ,,, we are american and its 0nIy the american way
I would like to protect the people of the whole world including President Trump. Please consider with all the staff around you.
Maybe you should stop tweeting and do something real for the American people!
isn't capable. If he ever did anything 100% selfless, his head would explode.
He isn't capable

Recognize the American savior! 
Do the same with Iran before it's too late
Go Trump
Not tough enough in my view.
Diplomacy does not work with NoKo, but it does with China.  China needs to understand that they are the key to stopping NoKo nukes.
Holy fucking shit did i just AGREE with something YOU said?!  
Only now My Q. Is this:
 what, exactly, are the additional options....?
How about Russia?

500 Moabs for North Korea please. This is waiting too long.
whoa..that got a bunch of likes!! Responsibilities for friends of our enemies.. I like as well!!! Build the wall
Ahhhhh the old "if you are her friend, you can't be my friend" routine.  How very 5th grade girl of you, Mr. President.
Will there be an exception to Trump merchandise coming into the U.S?
The Americans can’t just launch a military strike on the North Koreans. The US would burn out in a thermonuclear inferno.
YES...
north korea can't do any types war  
why people doesn't understand that ..?
 who is real problem .. ?
Hmmm.... there goes your GDP.  Do you honestly believe China is paying any attention to your rhetoric.  Think again.  Think before tweet.
President someone should have advised you that communist China always supported NK to protect its border. Nukes in NK is to their advantage!
This would cause problems for the world economy. Causing higher prices for everything and it probably will cause someone to attack us but...
It is better than letting this idiot destroy this world with nuclear bombs! It will put pressure on China to get him under control.
: We as a nation are getting tired of playing Mr. Nice guy, time to reel NK in  
SO...are you ceasing all trade with China???  If so, their economy just might collapse.
