POTUS & repubs in office r brazenly screwing their own voters bec they know...they can. Like good little masochists, their voters take it.
Says 4 GOP led congressional fact finding investigations on Russia...its not the dems. Its ur own party. U guys are just empty cheerleaders.
Im not into this nonsense of treating elected representatives like their my god! Im worried aboutanother crash/loss of pps homes/savings etc
Im worried about babies/kids..not fetuses, who nd healthcare, affordable housing, a healthy mom, public schools, non toxic food...
So true Mr. President. They only std for false rhetoric. They do not care about the ppl & this country. They r proving that. #MAGA
Dems in a nut shell. Also lazy- they r doing NOTHING to help the Am ppl. in Congress. A Youtube video. That's it. #MAGA
Except Feintsein who now wants to investigate Lynch which is a total shocker
Many, verbally slander @POTUS as a casual and accepted practice. Some even make it a hobby. They need to look in the mirror at themselves.
Ur worse

Love This!
オバマケアとトランプケアも別個に作って競合するのはどうですか。
トランプ大統領のケアも
日本では、病気じゃない人も病院を進められたり、医療費が上がるように進められたりしてます。病気と診断されると生活保護受給者に認められやすくなるからかな？。日本では。
JERK
Stop blaming everyone & try to do your job! Your continuous failure is a complete lack of your ability...Oh Yeah, You're A Schmuck!!
Maybe the Dems should help you like how Repugs helped Obama. #Trumpisawhinybitch
If you can't get anything done with a complete majority you might want to rethink your message.Trump=Loser. #Trumplies #Trumpaganda
FAKE NEWS from the president!
Dems. Suck
Your delusional thinking is toxic. Your message on theses subjects are terrible and not good for America.
The Democrat message is obstruction and scandals.
Hey, remember that time you said Republicans should block Obama from appointing a Supreme Court justice? Remember that?
Issue adult daipers to FBI to help with their "leakage" problem.


The

president 

is 

right, 

the 

parties 

must 

unite 

instead 

of 

fighting 

each other!
We are too busy thinking about your obstruction of Comey.

4 syllables Donny who's tweeting on your behalf
R's control all 3 branches. You still have accomplished nothing. Pathetic, piss-poor leadership.
@HouseGOP & @senateGOP  need to get on board also. They are lazy & incompetent
Donna Brazill on Stephanopolis whining about integrity in our Govt. What a joke!!!  She cheated at the debates giving Hillary the questions!
GOP controls Congress and you still can't get anything done. Your own party hates you. #FAILEDPOTUS
@mcolfer02
Your F***Republicans won't even allow Democrats into the conversation. Look at the underhandedness of Mitch McConnell/talk about dastardly!
Wa-ha!  Look in the mirror, if you dare.
Odd how many "Democrats" have an R after their name. Foreign owned dictators MUST be obstructed. #ReleaseYourTaxReturns #EmolumentsClause
Oh you poor hypocritical little snowflake. Were you complaining about the obstructionism of the @GOP when they were blocking @POTUS44?
In any case, you have your own cabinet and Republicans control both Congress and Senate. Maybe you're ineffectual because you're incompetent
Economics: tax the rich
Jobs: renewables
Obamacare: fix it
Anything else you missed in your briefings?
We are also Americans butmunch! Why don't you stop creating civil unrest! Pathetic leadership....sad
And what did Republicans do for 6 yrs?
Btw, you are a liar.
Where is your game plan #45? Oh I know...giving information to Putin and his entourage. Putting the U.S. in harms way! Great job
Comey a coward? You were drafted but a wee bone spur in a foot kept you from showing how brave you are.REAL COWARD!!
How can they be "obstructionists" when you require ZERO of their votes?  Maybe you need to listen to @MichaelSteele
By dragging the confirmation hearings out leaving him short handed,opposing smooth transitions. Sore losers all of them
Nice try, but Trump is referring to his legislative agenda, not confirmation hearings, which were standard in length.
It's funny how many he has to ask to take a job and they turn him down. They know he's dirty
Yeah, remember when he sent billions to Iran ?? Oh wait that was your boy, gave uranium to Russia?? Oh that was shillary
Ikr corruption at it's finest from prior administration
Breaking news for some of you: TRUMP IS OFFICIALLY UNDER INVESTIGATION FOR OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. Irony is delicious.
Good.. and will you accept the results?

The Democratic Party is destroying itself from within.
Obstructionists to your totalitarian aspirations?  I certainly hope so.
Totally entitled to your opinion but bad wish...
Says the guy with control of all the branches of govt and STILL can't pass anything. AT ALL.
YES THEY ARE
Obama Administration did a great job our nation, and created millions of jobs.
We know, they can't think critically as they have become addicted to a false narrative perpetuated by the bias media. Report opinion no news
aand destructionist
We could just start referring to them as their mascot. Jackass
The Democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only O...
They don't have any message other than to resist you, which is why they will lose big in 2018. 

I reject the democrat party. #Trump2020

MAO had a better barber!
And you or your administration have no plans to govern "All" people ! Only the rich ! Returdlikkkans are ASSHOLES & LIARS & CHEATERS 
U R teaching everyone about obstruction, every day. How many more can you fire to keep the truth from coming out. You are a criminal conman.
Actually, they do have a strong message...

You're screwed.
Liar.
Takes one to know one!
Alternate facts
What's strange is all the female Dems dressed in whit st the address in January now they killing pelosi weird
well democrats is an anagram for "Cream Dots"...still a wall but don't touch
Then STOP them.  Prosecute them ALL
Like your lousy GOP party has been for two decades
Progressives do and we're coming for you
You keep using that word.  I do not think it means what you think it means.
Fake job growth stats pulled out of your ass, the Russian ties with your administration, fake Comey tapes and, of course, THE FAILED WALL!
One word for snowflake in chief. Feckless
You are awesome sir. The obstructionists are ruining our country. Plus, they are not governed by the 3 laws of obstructrorobotics. #impeach
You control all of congress and the wh.  Dems couldn't obstruct if they wanted to
No you're talking about the Republican party
Sorry sweetie. But it's your own gop that can't get the job done. Democrats can just sit and watch this circus you've created.
They are only after you
You have the executive branch and both houses. Democratic obstruction?    Buhahaha
Mr. President, you are so right. I am afraid to say it is exactly the same in the UK when it comes to Brexit. Best wishes.
Absolutely true!!
They obstruct all the good you want to do, but WHEN you get it done anyway, they won't complain about a better America, better healthcare...
As a republican, it pains me to say the Dems have a message and it's a lot better than the crap that spills from your mouth. #ashamedgop
Maybe tweets like this contribute to the hatred that resulted in today's shooting?  Time to re-think this tactic!!
@realDonaldTrump is correct. Too many libtards with nothing to do trolling his feed lol
No, all they want to do is bring you down!
coming from the Republicans
Like the republicans last 8 years
What we have in the WH right now is the most undisciplined and unkempt administration in the history of our country. PURE RECKLESS DISASTER!
I don't care if they are disheveled or groomed. They are unqualified for the jobs they hold and too incompetent to figure out what to do.
I don't mean their physical appearances. Couldn't give a rat's ass about that. They as a whole administration are a disheveled mess in ..
Open your eyes neither do you and they have more than you!
You have the balls to call the Dem's OBSTRUCTIONISTS????? Wait! I forgot who that came from.
we are behind you 100% you have our support
Nobiy wrong🖓
#FakeNews #FakePresident
Yes! They only want to bring this country  DOWN!  And at any cost ? Please be careful who you trust cause their a den of Vipers !
What's your agenda?
Coming from someone who can only get things through on an executive order pretty hilarious.
@kimguilfoyle And your message is? Oh that's right on how to feed the public bullshit and boloney
This would be true if NOT for the fact that GOP runs both branches. Maybe it's just you.
Doing what you're trying to get done is encouraging to us who are forward deployed. Fighting for good.
Dems are toast didn't even win Montana Ha! They are a corrupt mess
Oh they do; but theyll talk to other politicians. Not a wanna be hack
Except you're the one who is being investigated for Obstruction of Justice.
We are hunting for the right helms person for our Queen of the South meets A Bad Batch NewMexico created and set story ... With border polo
There criminals that's all I can do
You, DJT, have created such divide in this country.  Is it any wonder people are angry with you.  Since your inauguration you have spewed HT
yep the dems are a dying party
He's still complaining about the GOP ESTABLISHMENT POLITICIANS. Big difference.
You are the presidential equivalent of the sad trombone
YOU ARE THE ONLY OBSTRUCTIONIST. CAN'T GET ANYTHING DONE THANK GOD
Which planet are you on
Your party is in control of everything, so you just really suck at being president.
YOU killed ACA in Ohio due to your pledge to defund it. #Maga #FAIL #LockHimUp
Not all democrats are obstructionists. Only the ones with law degrees.
#DearLeader your bitchy little whining is showing, again. Try actually nominating positions & writing legislation instead of golfing.
Oh...just like the republicans were for the last 8 years!!!  Pay backs a bitch isn't it?!!
I've got a message for you.  You are a liar and a traitor, and I hope you are brought to justice soon.
Wow Don the coming from a person who has still yet to run the country instead of being like a 16 year old tweeting. Just RESIGN
Isn't that like the pot calling the kettle black? Hmmmm #HYPOCRITE much!?!
The Republicans obstructed Obama for 8 straight yrs...so get use to yet I guess it's tit for tat, s/b people before party !
You know the message. Calling you out on your lies. Blocking your bad ideas isn't obstruction, it's patriotism!
Wrong again!
tread lightly on social security it could be your Achilles heel. I do not believe Dems or Reps will tolerate any cuts
What a very short "vindication"!
Thank you.
That's because you don't honestly want to work with the Dems.
Just like the Republicans did during the Obama years, huh?
AGREE,
How so? Reps control the House, Senate & White House. WTF, they still can't do anything.
You can tweet that again
Your comment on the Democrats Falls right in line with you your actions in the things that you say that you have failed to accomplish
OH YOU MEAN THE ACA, WHICH YOU HAVE BEEN BRIBING INSURANCE COMPANYS TO RAISE THEIR RATES AND/OR DROP THEIR CLIENTS.STOP THE DAMNED LIES!!!!!
They are obstriches with ostrichism, always put their head inside the sand.Many types of food:
Republicans did that for 8 FREAKING years under Obama. The irony in this tweet is unbelievable.
Whats the Russian National anthem
I wish malignant narcissists only affected themselves.  But, they get into positions of power and then inflict the rest of us.
LIAR.  COMPLETE AND TOTAL LIES 24/7
farce. It is not on solid ground legally either. As it is your interest to make money off the US govt/tax payers. Especially, when u demand
Would be helpful if sessions could still assimilate more than one phrase of a question. Just saying...
these are feelings, not facts & your feelings should be indicators, not dictators. Emotions won't effectively run a country
sorry but you also work for the Democrats of this country. Not just people who share your agenda!
Neither on your tax return
Wow. You really did take a job without checking first to find out what you'd be doing.
Wow..so presidential of you...
How are they obstructing anything? Dude, repugnant Republicans have the top 3 branches of government. Your own party hates you, that's why!
You HAVE DONE NOTHING worst president ever
We learned from the best! So glad democrats are there to protect us from your hateful policies!
Liberals still all butt hurt looking for crayons and safe space. They lost in landslide after landslide. Now they riot and burn.
DEMS/LIBS disgrace to USA! Never witnessed anything like this in my life and can't believe they would sell out USA to obstruct @potus #MAGA!
Mr. President I think the Demo in Congres are now part of the corrupted News Media since they forgot what we are paying for??
This MAY be true, but you are not the answer!
#resist #NotMyPresident
The GOP holds a majority in Congress and control is the White House.  You don't need the Democrats.  Still its their fault?  Yeah right.
Yes, we are obstructing a traitor and a man guilty of obstruction of justice.
So what is your message?
I'm not a Republican not a Democrat but I certainly know an ass when I see one
Trump you hate Obama so much you will undo anything he had done. He was born in USA liar. You are a threat to our democracy. Wake up people
Trump wants to be like Puton; whatever
Well your greed and ignorance is way worse than anything I have ever experienced. You are so sad so sad
Pot. Kettle. Both are black.
White House Press Briefings no longer allows audio or camera. This is unprecedented.  A Russian reporter was allowed a question by not CNN.
Honestly Mr POTUS I have a little fear in all that's happening, your strength and resolve give me hope. TY
They surely are obstructionist...the only thing they're professional at. They waste MY precious time! At some point, it needs to stop!
Dude, look in a mirror for the last 9 years. At least pretend to have some intellectual honesty.
These are people you are supposed to be working with and for; these  words and thoughts will hinder that effort always! 
Waiting to be replaced by Republicans!
You have set up procedures to cause more and more healthcare industries to step away from Obamacare which is why it is failing. Shameful
Says the champion obstructionist. Real presidents invite dialog. Demagogues silence people by blocking their twitter accounts. Shame on U!
True
How is the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act failing? Please be specific...
Don, At what point did you realize that you are trapped and won't be able to escape justice for your crimes
I believe that's what you are under investigation for right?! Yes that's right you certainly are!!!
