When You will reveal the TRUTH about shape of our Earth mr. President? We are ready.
Paid being the key word
The most disrespectful thing I saw
You had no respect for those lives lost behind you. No standing ovation. Paid clappers. Why do you lie so much??
Paid audience.

Fraud.
@realDonaldTrump
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @newscomauHQ
#syntaxerror
doubt it, really really doubt that
Once again not sure why as President you need to draw attention to people praising you, hopefully this is a phase....
Declare your taxes if you are a man.
Sorry, I just saw "paid great" and I wondered how much you pay the studio audience that follows you around?
CIA People thought you were going to apologize for calling them Hitler's people That is not close You talked about crowd
Americans heard otherwise! We can all see that you have a long way to go to be presidential. #RespectTheDeadAndTheLiving
way to go
How is @seanspicer, is he resting comfortably in an isolation cell after being meme'd so hard?
Paid great respect to wall? Are U really that dumb? When U go to a cemetery are U there to pay respect to the tombstones?
I watched it. It was awkward at best.
question- would you hold a campaign rally / comedy routine at a graveyard? Because that's what you did yesterday
Respect to the Wall? I don't think so.
Ignore the idiot Brennan. Protect our war fighters and cyber troops at CIA. Go Team!

very good. ..dear president...best regards. ..
That's not what they said.
please do something w all these riots &all speaking ill w threats towards u!  u President Trump! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@realDonaldTrump were you @ a different meeting than we watched?
liar
fake news
#donaldtrump.loser
you are an insult to the Office of the President. Sad
So glad that you now have respect for the CIA, next on your list should be women. #WomensMarch shows what we can do 
So have you women rallied against fgm.
release your tax returns
everyone made fun of you, I swear you need to see a psychiatrist. 
no respect at all. I didn't see any
You love walls, don't you?
The PRESS like many of those in the CIA and FBI often place their lives on the line to further TRUTH in the world. You are an agent of lies.
Those weren't long standing ovations, those were protestors.
Hope you suggested them to immediately stop any funding, supporting and logistic counseling to ISIS
you have a via agent on CNN saying different.  I believe you. Fire his ass.

That's the most embarrassing speech a US President has ever made. I felt sorry for you.
You are a Loon.
I'm suffering from an intense case of voters remorse
U R Pres!? We all know the guy w "small hands" who is insecure who talks "bigly" "Long" to overcompensate eh @lisambrandt
let's talk about menstruation
@Treadstone71LLC @realDonaldTrump I know exactly what he'd say "You're disgusting"
alternately, "I love menstruation!"
#spicerfacts
I saw you placing the wreath on TV. I feel secure since you took office. I loved your speech, nothing more need to be said!
Praying for you daily, Sir! God is watching over you! Jesus is your friend! So nice to be able to hear Jesus included!
You and the CIA will Make America Safe Again 
TAX RETURNS? CAN'T FIND THEM? SAD!
you paid NO respect to the wall. Treated it as a photo op, then dismissed you own belligerent tweets about CIA. No reality.
We did vote. That's why you lost the popular vote by more than anyone else in the history of our country.We're watching U.
Donald we watched ur CIA speech & no u didn't show any respect. U rambled on about ur nonexistent crowds.  #notmypesident
did you see the standing ovation on the street, must have hit your ego.. also maddona might send you some post
Nah, you were disrespectful, thin skinned, dishonest, boastful & incoherent. Sad.
I love  @realDonaldTrump
Media is SO DISHONEST about Trump's crowd sizes! TRUTH IS HERE --> http://twtwsports.blogspot.com/2016/11/crooked-nme-publishes-hit-piece-on-me.html …
FAKE NEWS!
God, you're insecure, talking endlessly about crowd size and how much people applauded you. Try showing respect/humility.
You are extremely rude.  If you're not interested in President Trump's messages, then unfollow him!
We are going to treat Trump exactly the way you clowns treated Obama #payback
The only question is why so many at the CIA were clapping?
Given that Trump paid actors to applaud for his presidential announcement...
.@realDonaldTrump Honey, when you said "Secretary of this and secretary of that and all these great positions," it just seemed silly.
.@realDonaldTrump And sweetie when you stood in front of the CIA and said "I feel young. I feel like I’m 30. 35. 39." it was also silly.
i feel 5, 10 , 15  now
The "speech" was a farce. You REALLY believe they respect you?  Stop patting your own back. It's unbecoming and desperate!

All this adoration you see is all in your tiny head.
yeah!!!!!!!!
Isn't. CIA  owend by the New world Order "The Bank elite like
ROTHCHILDs 
Hello Trump Sou do Brasil Tenho 16 Year meu sonho e ir Os estados Unidos
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, ama...
CBS Confirms Trump Brought His Own Studio Audience To Clap For Him At CIA Speech

http://www.politicususa.com/2017/01/23/cbs-confirms-reports-donald-trump-brought-cheering-props-cia-visit.html …

You are a JOKE
You are becoming the laughing stock of the Universe!  You are awful!
That award belongs to Trump
You lied to their face.
he stole some of his inauguration from the bee movie
About as sharp as a shoelace
Who do you think is the best comedy team? ME? I think it's your parents....they made the biggest joke!
and you forgot you also lied!
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
I applaud you Mr. President!
I really love how open you are on Twitter. We know you're not trying to hide much.
"Longstanding ovations" were paid supporters. Everything u do is steeped in LIES. AND the people DO want your tax returns!
Lies. Lies. Lies. Yeah. They’re gonna get you. (quoting the Thompson Twins).
those hand-clapping monkeys must have cost you a pretty penny
Little orange man paid people to clap and give standing ovations.  Fake!
I'm the best. Everyone loves me. My dick is big league.
the ovations were from the people you brought in, not the CIA.
Your mom must have a really loud bark!
I sincerely doubt there was a standing ovation for you at a CIA meeting. Come on, Donald.
What drives this need to continue to aggrandize this or any event? We don't need to know abt applause, manufactured or
delete your account
the CIA is good at lying your not. On the real tho what disguise did Putin wear?
What about all those claquers??!!
Yeah, packed with your sycophants that you made attend!
your vocabulary looks like the #legoMovie
"everything is awesome!!! Everything is great when you part of the team!!"
- awful boastful speech. Had to turn off my TV. At least u are saving my electric bill.
It's easy to get a standing ovation when people's jobs are on the line and when you bring your own audience.
U do realize that they couldn't sit until u told them to. This is what comes from complete lack of experience or decency.
you like walls - try facing one.
"long standing ovations"  ok lil hands
@cberrl how many paid sycophants did you have there to cheer you on?
No you did not respect the wall! I was watching and listening.
it wasnt a standing ovation; lol! They had no where to sit! Lmao
.@realdonaldtrump America also knows it was their leadership and not them #DTS
you didn't pay respect to the wall,packed house bc you brought a band of stooges with u to hoot and holler. #shameontrump
No there weren't, and you were fighting with the intelligence community.
Leadership at too many agencies has been HEAVILY politicized. Time to reverse that & put in ppl who will work for us ALL.
Gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
the CIA hates you, schmuck.
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
Good thing, considering you criticized them saying you know more than them.
packed because you brought your own pathetic cheering section. SAD!
why is it all you  ever fuckin do is talk bout yourself...SAD!
.@realDonaldTrump *desecrated space devoted to the CIA agents who have fallen in service to our country. Not the place for cheering ffs!
You are doing a great job!!!
you are rubbish
#unhinged #unfit #egomaniac #CIA
Did you pay the audience?
when you don't tell them they can sit, it's not a standing ovation.
I've fired someone like you. A total flipping hack who couldn't spend the time to get prepared and tailor himself
you only had to bring 40 of your own cheerleaders
LIAR.
You should have given respect to the whole room. How much do you pay for the long ovation my son needs a job?
:Don I have been lighting a candle for you at every Sunday mass
Packed with your own paid audience, you mean. You are a total joke and the public is laughing at you. We KNOW what you did.
you showed no respect
You paid for the standing ovations. We aren't followed by your theatrics
Packed House at CIA? You think that was random?...They all knew the boss was visiting...They probably knew before even you.
Turn your ego down .
you forgot to mention the 'ovation' came from people you paid to do. Same as when you hired actors for you campaign launch.
Mr. President: Can you please tell me if Roswell UFO crash was for real? And alien autopsy at Area 51?
CIA said you were incredibly disrespectful. More "spin" from that black widow spider you call a brain, Pussy Grabber!
what is your obsession with packed houses, standing ovation, bow down and kiss the ring?  Seriously you need mental help
You, sir...are a #FRAUD We all know that the #CIA was filled with your staffers and not CIA employees. #alternativefact
You lie! You brought your own  cheering squad, put them in the front row, and forced everybody to stand.
Is this the same kind of great you will be making America?  Hopefully no.
oh,Bob. I'm so sorry you are so sad
Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
that's not what they said you fool
Ein Politiker, der vom Volk geliebt werden will, hat schon versagt, bevor er begonnen hat. Wer Ziele hat, hat auch Feinde.
packed house? Really did you bring those people in too?,
Paid ovations is not respect it is pathetic
that was ATROCIOUS Don!!!
You can't count your staff standing along the wall applauding for you as a standing ovation. Stupid man.
Packed with your own people! Then you continued 2 campaign in front of their 137 fallen instead of sincerly supporting CIA!
as for Nordstroms they don't understand their base?  Wont be shopping there nowThey created a real choice. Delete account.
If Trump has these ppl supporting him, why is there any questions abt who got the biggest crowd? Rigged election exposed?
keep up the great  work. Boy did we need you.
Ty very much.i sleep better.
