There is a big chance that the phone used to make that tweet was made in China.
No not u HIM. Lol
Do not worry Ian we have our own home grown seemly crass harmless buffoon.. Both very dangerous.
& if u follow the puppet. U r A muppet.. lol a multi $ that slags China of 4 making$. come on world r u that stupid. pres co. ex
Oriental women are beautiful. 
She looks like a lot of fun to be around.
Be blessed you guys. 
Yeah, and I'm sure they're over the moon about you.
Trump: China?
China: Yes?
Trump: I want the wealth of America's middle class back, that you're using to point weapons at us.
China: Waaa!
Don't be surprised at Evil China. Land of child labour and animal torture
Philippians 4:19
And my #God shall #supply all your #need according to His #riches in #glory by #ChristJesus.

China is under no obligation to help us & never have. They've always been that way. You promised a plan on China. Let's see it deal maker.
Just stop!!!!!!!
Please go take an economic 101 class

America is disappointed in you.
And we are disappointed with you!
Next move?
3 Years, 5 Months, 21 Days, 17 Hours, 30 Minutes, and 54 Seconds
Until the SECOND term!
the hell that'll happen
That's what the left said the first time. But it looks to me like we're #Winning.
What are you winning? Please list for us just a few things he has actually accomplished for you 
NEIL GORSUCH!
Any repub could have done that... & it's only one... please continue
1 and counting! Anthony Kennedy will step down next year!
Are they wrestling the iPhone out of your hand again?
Someone needs to !
...Ivanka get in trouble because of her sweatshop there?
The trade balance is skewed because the Chinese have a culture of moderation and saving, whiles some Americans choose to live on credit.
Get them where it counts. Let's get to NAFTA! Health care going no where. We have Dems in the Republican party

Good evening you're doing great job don't worry about anything I'm sorry it's so stressful but we haven't changed you have legions of people

Donald, get our troops together and grab them and bang their heads on your POLICE CARS!  YOU are a SICK, SICK person!  Do a TOUR, DUCKY!
SICK, SICK, SICK Person in OUR HOUSE.  OUR WHITE HOUSE!  Daughter & Son building $$$'s.  Trump laughing like the JOKER!  BILLION $ LOSERS 
Sad thing is... it has become OUR Billions of Dollars!  Give me ONE reason OUR HOUSE has nepotism??  Tried to get son a job. Was told NO! Y?

By all respect, you are one irrational person. If you are so disappointed by #China, the #TPP should have been a thing. #dumbo
China is quietly becoming the next superpower... and our president is tweeting. WTF
Move production to India and Taiwan
You're disappointed in a lot this week, aren't you?  Maybe it's time to take some responsibility for your failures.
The most amazing chocolate cake didn't bribe the Chinese?
...but...but...I thought #KimJongUn is a smart cookie?!?!  #Trumpnesia #Sad #SmallHands
You mean that chocolate cake DIDN'T do the trick? U r a LOSER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#MAGA 45 #TriggeredLiberal tweeters make me lol  every day
Your new best friend? Great Relationship? Where did it go?
Here we go #25thAmendmentNow I repeat #25thAmendment
Çinlilere Araplara yaptırdıgın kahpeligi yatıramadın degil mi. Pis faşist.
The Chinese at one point had honor in it's gov't. WWII destroyed their ancient ways.
I am very disappointed in myself for being so ugly
Foolish pass leaders actually were the ones that made America great. The foolish leader we have now is tearing us apart.
Obama picked political HACKS to manage relations with China!
We need to re-engineer the way we do business with China
No more one-sided deals where America loses and China wins
We have a tremendous opportunity to make positive economic deals with China
We have no choice but to stop the bleeding of Cash and Jobs to China
No matter what you read about China, believe me, America is still the World's Number One Economic Powerhouse
We're bringing back AMERICAN Manufacturing!
The Obama model for Foreign Policy was to apologize for America's dominance in the world -- Not Anymore!
Appoint me....

Perhaps you have a better way of reaching China (gina!) than Twitter?  Like a secure phone call?  Seems.more appropriate.
they are a sovereign nation.  If they make money that's because they are doing something right unlike you.
Look at facts before making some really stupid ststements
Sad!
Jesus, give it a rest, you raving lunatic. Twitter is not the place for the president to share his most inner thoughts...
...Why are you flippantly berating other countries on social media? You're so unprofessional and bigly ridiculous. Have some self-control.
Trump is mad at China yet he makes all his ties, hats, and all his dumb products there on the cheap.
Then he sells those products to his MAGA supporters for a huge profit by ripping them off.
And he still takes their votes and uses their money to make more products in China and rip them off even more.
Yet his supporters love him for it as he empties their wallets and strips them of their healthcare.
...all of your ties are made there?
I don't know if taking to Twitter and saying OUR leader "allowed" China to make money is the way to go. 

Do you have a foreign policy?
Yes America "FIRST" as it should be, as it should be for every Country
There really hasn't ever been a POTUS who didn't make American first, but the whole concept of trade is lost on this "great" businessman
Public Servants do NOT have the concept of negotiation to be able to get a good deal

#Trump is correct, US &  get screwed in trade deals
Not sure I understand your "public servants" comment. 
Trump has not negotiated a single thing...not one, in six plus month. NOT ONE!

Fake AstroTurf fire incoming to Trump.

Thank you President Trump! We love you and keep praying for you & your kids!
Agree no more!What foolish past leaders!!!hhhhh
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a ye...

You will never be half the leader the
Past leaders were and still are you 
are a fake and most Americans are
Ashamed and disappointed in you

可以
China owns how much property in North America? and what percentage of the national debt? So now Russia takes over the government and China owns the Country... Please don't trip and fall on the button.
and Americans are very disappointed in you, Mr. President!
When you get free of Jewish power then talk.
nice job Nitwit!!
.@realDonaldTrump And China continues to let you cheaply produce your crappy suits there.  Dump Trump, buy USA!
给他他也管不了
就给你打口炮的机会不多了，现在你还有主动权，过不了多久你会被大大和金三彻底遏制住，连一点反制的机会都没有了
其他国家制造核武是用来看的，但天降伟人显然是用来实战的，实战的对象就是美国。现在留给美国的时间不多了，美国人应当联合起来向川普抗议，因为不出几个月朝鲜将批量拥有搭载核弹头和化武的洲际导弹，谁都清楚洲际导弹不容易拦截，只要有一颗漏网之鱼就会让美国人死伤遍野。
I am disappointed in you! You manufacture there yet complain about it! Unreal!!!
Clintons gave China MERV, multiple stage, guidance systems and other technology for illegal campaign funds; High Treason!
Clintons, Carter and Obama make Benedict Arnold look like George Washington!
Jimmy Carter is happy about Obama as He is no longer the worst President of the U.S.
JIMMY knows he was a good president. You aren't very bright. Learn to think instead of tweeting nonsense.
You mean think like Brzezinski your Advisor who said "It is infinitely easier to kill a million people than control them"
I am not a kid, and you are a globalist and gave away the Panama Canal, and gave everything to China. Great thinking there Mr. President?
I remember the state of the nation when you left office, high inflation, gas prices, & Iran hostages and morale of U.S. devastated.
As much as I dislike the Carter Presidency, Carter has supported Trump against the vile and false accusations and disrespect. This is good!
GOP voted to repeal ACA repeatedly over 7 years. Was it really so bold to predict they wd easily do so again?
GOP was definitely a clown show. Didn't have plan ready & couldn't get votes 4 anything.
Same clowns. Not optimistic.  Won't be Trump's fault if can't get him bill to sign. Sad
Good to hear.
I'm very disappointed in your foolishness.  Fool!
As apposed to you going over there, being taught about the  conflict issue and. Munching on chocolate cake. Making a difference!!
中國人民也很失望。
Finally someone telling the truth! China is ruining western economy!
Quit letting them buy America! They own SO MUCH here!!! Stop!
Don't wait in China to long ..., NK need there butt kicked
American made so much money on trading with China
Take down the little brother Kim first
you (DONALD TRUMP/TRUMP) have NO right 2 be "disappointed in" ANY1 (July 29, 2017; 19:29 EDT) #RUSSIAGATE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Get a grip, grow up, this is not the appropriate venue.  Why are you still here? You are not a leader. #TrumpCrimeFamily
Please delete your twitter!
It is a well known fact that China steals technology patents from other countries.  It isn't right to have a trade agreement with them.
OK，bye！
Trump is looking to the republicans to create a healthcare bill, that he claimed to have had a better plan.
Mr. President, you can't satisfy all the people all the time, but you can satisfy some of the people some of the time. I'm satisfied #MAGA
Nobody fucking cares about ur dissatisfaction or disappointment, China certainly doesnt.
川建国同志要继续努力啊
As u well know (many of ur family products have been made in China), it isn't wise to poke chinese. Making products more expensive for (1/2)
Americans who can't afford it. Did u forget they have nuclear weapons and a higher population than us? For USA's sake, top poking the bear.
How are they doing with all the Trump trash they produce, hats, ties,  etc. ???
You are the biggest threat to world peace  since Hitler.

We ate very disappointed with you 
Get off Twitter and do something positive for the USA, instead of putting a wedge between everyone.
The comments below remind me of the hard core Brexit Remoaners & look how Britain is benefitting now but Remoaners taking the £££'s anyway!
#PardonSheriffJoe
U and yr family have contributed millions to China's economy with the contracts yr businesses have done there. Don't blame Obama & others
Our foolish current "leader" is going to get us nuked. That's ones way to get rid of #TrumpRussia probe 
"Foolish past leaders"? For real? You said this about former Presidents of the United States? You have no class whatsoever. None.
I agree
Stop blaming past leaders, you don't know what you're doing or the peripheral affects that could occur from your isolationist policies.
He's obviously never going to become presidential or stop tweeting. The more we react  the better he likes it
Did the Chinese see this tweet? Ur blaming a foreign power for our ability to keep a US nuclear threat in check. Great leadership
别说话，谢谢
Quit wining
Ps Ivanka  China
OK make another enemy!
Why are you afraid from north koria ? Your country is super power . If u have made these then u should not ban another country.
I doubt they are thrilled with you either.
You're right, sanctions against the communist party of China!
Sir,  you of all people? You and your family enable China by manufacturing there. Hypocrites, draft dodger, Russian traitor

You would know, your business and your families business import products from that country! Like your "Make America Great Again"
Im very disappointed in you.
You should know.U are in bed with all of our enemies & have alienated almost all of our allies. You will trip up.U aren't that smart. 
I am disappointed in you who are national disgrace
and they don't have USDA safe foods etc!! We don't want sick chickens etc in our stores.
Go back to China
And what have you done 6 months in??  #squat
I'm very disappointed in you for being so ungentalmanly in the way you talk about women. #bigot #failedPresident
Lol then you dare to stop the relationship with China?
Excellent comment President Trump. Keep Tweeting it's the only way to beat the Fascist Media liers.

My source knows who "Maria" is and is willing to talk to journalists about story but doesn't want her hurt or to jeopardize case. https://twitter.com/truefactsstated/status/891630421741588480 …
Stop tweeting....please!
Nothing like blaming another country to show leadership
The current ass hat "faux pres" was more worried about Trademark deals than the country LOSER!
And we're very disappointed in you. Thin-skinned, childish. Destroying our healthcare. You will go down in history..as the worst.
丢你老母
犀利!
"BLAME THE BLACK GUY!"  That is your answer to everything isn't Donald John Trump?
And I am very disappointed with you.
Trump is right. If pressure had been mounted on China , North Korea government would have collapsed long time ago
Yet your products are manufactured there....no talk of sending your companies' manufacturing to the USA.
Im very disappointed in your mum
you live Russia and China, so stop the fake whining
#American  #politics are real unlike in our African context were u hav non to blame bcoz the losing #opposition join the ruling party!
好走，不送
China is disappointed in you
Breaking news : Melania begging Canada's Trudeau for asylum. AND some decent sex!! King of Tacky.
What makes you think world leaders are going to take you seriously??? What about those Russian sanctions? Have you signed those yet? SAD?
But at least you and your daughter, were able to those trademarks you wanted these past years. SMH
That would be ur wife
It is time to lower the hammer on China. Enough one sided trade!! They need to pay to play!
Stop bashing your Predecessors. FYI it is Bad Form. Don't forget you have many public appearances to attend w all the living ex Presidents.
"Foolish past leaders"  you spend our tax dollars flying to Florida and elsewhere for golf, never heard you going to Camp David!
@realDonaldTrump You are TREMENDOUSLY bad at this job.  No art in your deal; in fact no deals at all.
The new sanctions on Russia, will make N.Korea, China & Russian alliance stronger. Better, if the sanctions were called off.
Big shot u r all talk. China is deaf so now what?
You announced- actually celebrated- a multi-billion dollar with Foxconn five days ago.
Have you talked to XI again?
Why do you have your products MADE IN CHINA? WE THE PEOPLE are disappointed in you, such a FAKE!
@PaulRyan LOL past fools? #FoxConn straight from #China is in #PaulRyan backyard invited by your boy @ScottWalker #FAKENEWS

Chinese state media says President Trump’s "emotional venting" on Twitter won’t help with North Korea http://nyti.ms/2ueYKMD 
We can thank slick willy for that. He is responsible for NAFTA and making China our most favorite trade partner. They screwd us big time.
you lost the popular vote.
Korea and Chinia are cousins, and China must get more involved.
That's so weird, I thought YOU were the president... it's almost like you could do something about it, but right, golf takes prescient.
Those billions are mine and mine only. All those foolish leaders since 1952 should've been holding it in trust for ME! ME; I say! Just me!
Just stop it. If I were your mother, you'd be in time out indefinitely ... with no social media privileges.
US got a mad man on the P chair.

Fake news!
foolish? Don't you have any respect for our past leaders? Why do you talk like this?
How much of that trade money was in your clowny ties? #ClownyTies
Your just about as foolish as anyone else if you think you can depend on China to reign in North Korea on there nuclear ambitions.
God gives them!
I am extremely disappointed in YOU. Obama NEVER disappointed us.He is truly a great man something you will NEVER be....resign make millions
I'm very disappointed in you. So what are you going to do about that?!
Never mind the trillions that the world has made in profit by taking manufacturing to China.
Be careful, China may retaliate and kick out Ivanka and close her sweat shops!
Where are you going to manuf your extra long ties?
嘴炮 你有种就直接出兵攻打朝鲜 跟中国叫嚣什么
Y u so mad at China?
