Donald my mail as well as Court have Feds using immigrants to steal mail and forge official business we have them in
So proud you are our new POTUS!  Very Proud to be an American!!  Thank you for making America great again!!!! USA!!!
To do Shi and make better mistakes than do Shi
You win the #Internet today Donald.  #NobodyLikeYou #MaybeItsAChakraBlockage
this was lame, your lame.
"From sea to shining sea...wait. Do I have the launch codes? I need the launch codes.I will be the BEST launcher of nukes."
He just signed away healthcare for 20 million people with no replacement.  Thanks for the death sentence.
You did it again So what are you doing with the tweeting you are the President you have to have things to screw up right
lie, gaslighting, brainwashing, propaganda #45iknowwhatyouare #yourmaskisbroken #PsychologicalManipulation
you go President, we the people who voted for you are behind you
@realDonaldTrump
NORDESTE  CAMPANHA JOVEM SÓ ENTRA KEM ENVIE ALIMENTA O POVO EM ARROZ E FEIJÃO
@RealDonaldTrnp 37% approval
I hope you stick to this, this will be great.  This can turn you into a GREAT President, with an amazing legacy.
GOOD LUCK AND GOD BLESS


do repatriation of Africans and other nationalities in a more dignifying manner. @Return_Migrants shall welcome them.
in psalm 114 the JordAn is the saint John s river in Jacksonville Florida the ocean that fleeth ATLANTIC OCEAN

You're the president now put the fucking phone down.
Thank you gor thinking of the people now while you are celebrating the pinnacle if your success. We love you and are so thankful for you!
We will follow and have your back from the haters of a American dream. We support your vision it is our vision of a USA!
does that include the MAJORITY of americans who voted for hillary? #trumpILLEGITIMATEpresident  #trumpNOTMYPRESIDENT
Congratulations Mr. President. So proud of you. # Let'smakeAmericagreatagain
You're going to be so good for the black community the Democrats will never win another election! WE DID IT! 
more fake news
thank you for sering Mr. President Trump
remember that Hillary won the popular vote! #America
Great speech!
never ignored unless you're one of the 65,844,954 people to vote against you.

To racist white nationalist compound to compound, I will shut down the Free press...
@jack 140 characters..?? come on $TWTR
This is the inclusive laguage. It does not include criminals or killers or those who debase the human existence. Get it rt.
Boom
You think the Donald and his billionaire cabinet give 2 cents about anyone who doesn't have a face or bank account like theirs?hoodwinked
step down
congratulations mr. President and may God bless
I hope he does
vanguard fidelity worked collectively to control the stock price  imho  te to crack down!
ibm was pumped today to manipulate the market
Don't ruin our country out of malice and incoherent thought! Do the right thing for all Americans not just the elite!
We now have the House, the Senate & a lifetime of Supreme Court Justices, WE DID IT! We are so proud of you!
so if he fails now we really can blame the Repubs.
the people spoke against globalism, blame whatever you like, you would anyways 
I blame stupid people for electing Trump.  It's not their fault. They do not know what they did.

Wish I would have thought of this for Barry's admin - 'days without stabbing straight whites in the back'.
lol nice racist reply from a tRumpanzee!
Speaking of Mountains, how about the rack on our new FIRST LADY. AMIRITE!?!
.@realDonaldTrump it's clear you don't care that the world will remember you for being the scared little boy you are.
yep he was so scared he is now our President.
thanks, I wasn't aware.
obviously not. Man wake up you actually have to work now. Free ride is over!
@I_See_Russia @jeremarketer @cie_christy 
 I love my stamps .. and I run to the mailbox on the 3rd to get my fat check..
Most of these deplorables are on food stamps. They think it's a debit card. 
Oh hell yah.. I trade them crack for food they buy.. Mostly meats..
Thank you for standing your ground for all people and standing your ground for God! We are still One Nation Under God! Golden Rule People! 
CC, I hate inform you but the president is an atheist. Does not attend church and he certainly doesn't behave in a Christ like manner.
Grab your wallets folks... this devil will charge admission into hell. @downwithtyranny
Gosh I guess you really know him huh? Not
I know you are a Neo-CCCP piss-stained conserva-cuck yellow-snowflake.
That's the trouble with you losers-you think you know things, but don't
Bow before your piss-stained golden oligarch and wait for all Hell to fall.
UR a really sick one
Maybe so; but I'm not a Neo-CCCP traitor like you. Your own GOP hates you & all Trump sycophants. Bow to your sad False idol.
.@realDonaldTrump Mountain to mountain, dear? It SOUNDS very speechy and grand, but what am I supposed to be picturing? People on mountains?
We simply wait our turn, then take out the trash when it overflows.  Today, the trash was taken out.
I got upset about your comment, then I looked at your picture. That explains everything
You can do better than that Snowflake!  Lol
are you a grown man using an "lol?
I'm eight. Smart for an eight year old....
not you dummy, the bandana bitch. He (she?) used 'lol'
No, don't hold back. Tell us what you really feel. #orangebuffoon
Oh, don't worry. I have been - and I will continue. Buckle up.
Such hostility from the "loving and tolerant liberal" against people he doesn't even know and will never meet. 
He was just telling the truth. #orangebuffoon is a lying, scamming, misogynistic racist bigot.
are protesting AGAINST you!!!! LOL!!!!!
Tell them u. didn't approve of Mike Tyson
either but, u respected his punch !
Muslims love America and they love Trump.!
some do... but some do not... that's the problem
Get used to hearing this, Donald:

@BarackObama 's was bigger.

"They never had so many people." - @realDonaldTrump
Clintons Inauguration was larger too.  Almost as large as Obamas.
You gave a dark, depressing and menacing speech. You don't speak for me. Never will. You are a US traitor. #Resistance
That's b/c you listened with the DNC headphones. Try taking them off, that should make a WORLD of difference.
Do you watch networks other than Fox News?
@ezrocks0011 maybe Mexico can hook you up pendejo
is that what you do your probably pro at that
never forget.

Hillary Clinton: 65,845,063 (48.03%)
Donald J. Trump: 62,980,160 (45.94%)
sorry, but in this country we don't go by popular vote.  Get over it.
cool spam account bruh
what spam?
literally your entire account
lmao do you even know what spam is
yes. literally your entire account.
then I don't think you know what spam is. Lmao
unless you live in a blue state
Yeah, cause it's the United States of California amirite?
Yes, I believe that places with more people should have proportional sway in government. Good question!
Funny, because California already does have more sway than lower population states!
not even close to proportionally. A vote cast in wyoming is worth 3.6 times as much as one cast in Cali.
yeah, because the US is a federation that compensates for extremely disparate populations by granting a minimum amount of power.
Yes, and that's not a good way to set up a country.
Says the person from Canada. How's all those "refugee" rapes going?
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
except for the people who didn't vote for you.
frm sea 2 shining sea DA
I have a solution to the refugee problem. Impose a voluntary tax to whoever wants a new refugee.
it was the most beautiful inauguration I've ever seen -you are the Best  and anyone  with any oz of brains knows it .
VideoGameTiger
ask Melania to smile at all times!
you, kelly, and your press sec. are liers.
Yeah...you're for the people.    http://time.com/4641511/trump-inauguration-mortgage-payments/?xid=fbshare …
Hmmm,low turnout.
Please don't ignore how so many people are against you.  Its schizophrenic to deny reality.
HMMM  SOUNDS FAMILIAR....U LIFT THAT?
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
so excited to have you as our president. Hoping to get my health insurance back.
Can't wait to see you shine Mr.president !!!
Please Resign.
don't use my tax dollars. Too many poor in USA
estupid
...from wall to wall....
If you truly cared about ALL Americans, then why did you screw the Native Americans with the Dakota pipeline??? Shamefull!!
Loved the speech!
I’ve been called worse by better.
This is what the Left Media & DC misses. Their lives are 'Rich' but we struggle to see the sun come up
did you really quote your own speech the very day it was given? *sigh*
Trying to say something on Twitter with sunbstance is cowardly and meaningless.
vegas odds give you less than 6 months...from their mouths to god's ears
PLEASE DON'T FORGET KENTUCKY!
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized

you mean all the protestors against you worldwide?
Thank you
So you follow in your wife's steps. Plagiarizing is the new normal?

If brains were made of gold, you and your family would be beggars.
I believe you, just remember DC doesn't make deals they compromise and that's a slippery slope to unintentioned results.
Americans in every city, near and far are protesting you today, as are people in 60 different countries.  Did you notice?
Looking forward to your impeachment hearing...
its official HEEHAW HEEHAW  USA elected a DONKEY  Francis goes to Washington unbelievable
https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-partisan/wp/2017/01/20/a-most-dreadful-inaugural-address/?utm_term=.267798607b5b …
Ridiculous, words don't cut it DJT what U do doesn't support what U say. We aren't fools & aren't blinded by you. #Resist

Did you even finish 3rd grade?
I wish you could make America a better country
thank you 
we do not believe you
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Hey, unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
I'm glad he said racism has no place in America I've been waiting for him to say that
All those places still hate you
did you see the massive crowds today across our great country & around the world for the Women's March in protest of you!
TO WOMEN FROM DC TO LONDON, FROM FRANCE TO AUSTRALIA (repeat until count 57countries ok)
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
I’d slap you but I don’t want to make your face look any better.
You couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
. Keep your head up President Trump we the real Americans love you so much!! And thank you for all your help!!!!
# Sir we need help we are a small family owned business for 70+ years we are not getting paid for government work done
so Mr. Prez I voted4 u imoutofwork Served my country but I work as tractor driver in fields butnotmexicanenoughforthem
**Thank You, President Trump!! Please don't let the D.C. Swamp infect you!!
is the BEST President that We The People ever have. 
#MAGA #TrumpIsMyPresident
for those who voted for The Donald...
nah. We're good. #notmypresident #LiarInChief
I'm not American. But i have u there.
Your twitter feed is strangely silent. You sure you're not ignoring the tens of thousands marching in DC right now?
