you know who has historically low ratings for their first months in office? YOU
Are you actually trying to destroy America?? !! You really are a sick man! You have no clue how to communicate to human beings!
I think there are other things to worry about. Go make friends with your Asian playmate.
Worry about the boots on the ground not the cletes
The only disrespect being shown to our country is you being in office. Go to church KNEEL and ask forgiveness for your stupidity
Give it a rest already! Football was &  is still more popular than you will ever be. Stop this whining & act like a president or resign!!


Do you realize Puerto Rico has no electricity?
This NFL crap is getting ridiculous, give it a break old man. #TheResistance  #Dotard

Widow Of Former NFL Player Who Died In Combat Rebukes Donald Trump - HuffPost
https://apple.news/A_3ibdNvtQcuQuTPOfacuNwhttps://apple.news/A_3ibdNvtQcuQuTPOfacuNw … #morningjoe
.@realdonaldtrump
Are you investing a lot of time in reviewing TV ratings? People in Puerto Rico are certainly very proud of their president, retarted dotard!
You are the one who is disrespectful by not addressing racism in this country. You told the police to rough up suspects, address racism.
Freedom of speech, land of the Free, peacefully protest!  You "say" you stand for all these....but kneeling is a freedom?!
No cable , more fun. There's more to life than 
Reading is better for the mind!
Enough! Enough about the ratings and the anthem. These are Distracting from the fact you tweeted us into nuclear war
Again,shut up
Get a life. President by accident
You forgot to set your bots back into propaganda mode.
Give it a rest talking about football you loser. Don't you have more important things to talk about in the world. Like how you declared war
Life got you down?
Boycott  That will be the only way to get our American Loving Message across to those Overpaid Entitled Athletes. 
Unless your trying to distract people from...ohhhh...wait...now I get it!! Not gonna work #MuellerIsComing
Haven't you got more important things to be thinking about? If they want to peacefully demonstrate then they are free to do so!
Hi America 
I am not a USA  citizen. I just want to tell you
You have a beautiful FLAG & ANTHEM
Every American should be PROUD of IT.
#Sad #BoycottNFL
I knew we wouldn't stand for this... Thank you Trump.... With you all the way.... Your making us great again if we could get past the Senate
Give it a bloody rest !!
Donald the angry president.
I am so happy that i live in Canada away from this idiot
How are your poll numbers?
Hey Bum. The people in Puerto Rico need American assistance. If you can’t lead please let someone else take your job before it’s too late
I mad what they doing the anthem it makes me sick
It’s seriously pathetic how hung up you are on ratings when yours are the worst ever for a President as new as you 
Jerry Jones took the knee. Even Trump's biggest friends are turning against him.
Monkey see, monkey do. They are protesting a false social injustice. It does not exist. Systemic racism is a lie.
We stand with you.
Jerry copped out to the PC police.
We support Trump.
TRUMP: please support GOLD STAR MOMS.
NFL: Liberal hypocrites.
SUPPORT OUR FLAG. 
Not spoiled athletes...
Who cares about the ratings? Who cares?
U tweet about everyone's rating except your own,which is failing! Maybe U need to get your ratings up before speaking about others..
It's not disrespect sir!
please Mr President take away their sweet heart deal health care plan and make them suffer with Obama care the way we have to!
Hi
Only by your base who get nothing about what these issues are.  You taking away freedoms.
#45 YOU are disrespecting our country!!!!
I love you!!!!! your the best president!!
Hi Russian bot how was dinner with your parents in Moscow.
Hi, lol what do you mean?
Ur sick
Oddest statement ever. Didn't it just happen? I often don't tune in until I see who's playing. #DoYourJob #PuertoRicoNow #WaiveJonesAct
So are your ratings. Worst ever.
They should be down we need to stop watching
You are %correct and if they did not stand like they all should do. I turned off my TV.
If they really cared about black lives
This is one of the most racist things I've ever seen I'll find out where you work and make sure they know how racist you are
They don’t show the anthem on tv... geez get your facts straight.
What will you do when your ratings finally go down?
nFL sux
Covfefe!  Even an 8 year old KNEW what they were protesting, but Trump is only 7, obviously!
Wrong again your Orangeness, way way up, the rating skyrocketed with your boycott.
Loyalty has disappeared we need to bring that back
False news. So sad..
Actually Mr Nincompotus, the kneeling solidarity is in response to you calling for the firing of NFL "sons of bitches"
BINGO!!!
https://www.facebook.com/groopspeak/videos/1276729875788092/ …
LIAR
You care about ratings? Really? Didn't the nfl owners blackball you from having a team?  lol. #russia #north Korea.
Lie!!!
who cares everyone should stay in the locker rooms til its over since u feel so disrespected .Will the FEDS come down U ha!

You're a fool, Resign
Trump has mental issues, critical of everyone. It this stage of his life one would think he would want to find some happiness, do some good
Quit
ratings for your job will go down, if you even make it out of 1 term you damn sure won’t get 2 terms
You gonna delete this like all your other failed tweets about Big Luther Strange? Because, you know, it's demonstrably wrong?
Where's your proof of this claim? #FakeNews
Sometimes I feel you are a demo version of you.
Ok
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH AAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Ratings in football are the highest they have ever been thanks to being able to watch the games on our phones Dotard.
Russia and Trump are both attacking NFL players -- is this MORE collusion or just a "coincidence"?
lmao check out the facts before tweeting #Twit
Only 11%, you should not be POTUS if this is your focus. You obviously have nothing to do.
I believe that's his intent.  That's how he got where he's at in the first place
@eugenegu they all took a knee before the national anthem. They stood up and stayed standing during it like everyone should be
Please believe ME,I know it YOU know it ,Everybody knows it,You are so far an unproductive,ignorant,Pres. EVER!!!!!!!
You know what disrespects the country and the flag?!  The confederate flag!!!! 
You know the one you behave tattooed on your butt
When Colin K is signed ratings will be up. Worry abt ur ratings #in toilet
Ironic coming from the #douche who thinks it is okay to let nazis ram people down with their cars
Pretty sad when you show more attention to someone kneeling rather than nazis and kkk members rallying up, seriously injuring people ...
Puerto Rico Mayor begging for help.the hell with NFL - do something for Puerto Rico FAST. https://www.facebook.com/therachelmaddowshow/videos/10154996526969067/ …
I don't bother tuning in. I know whats going to happen. Just like all the hollywood awards shows, Total waste of time.
Or...to watch the kickoff. The time when most everyone starts watching a game, y'know, the beginning...?
#trump Fuck U,U orange racist, inbred moron.U disrespect our country EVERY DAY w/your actions& filth that comes out of your mouth

How are your ratings, Donald?  In the tank, obviously.
Hey #Dotard I guess you don't plan on running in 2020 cause you won't be getting millions from NFL owners this time around. #TakeAKnee
What are you taking to Puerto Rico for their aid?
Instead of blaming the NFL, as President why don't you talk to them and try to come to an understanding.
It’s astonishing that you literally don’t understand why they’re protesting
back to politics soon right
Entertainers and Athletes should do their jobs and entertain us, not be divisive agents of political agendas that destroy our country
Yada yada. You don't have a clue what you're talking about.
This is such fake news.
It is not disrespectful to make a peaceful protest regarding the disrespect they themselves are receiving from law enforcement.
Get to work on stuff that matters please. Signed, the grown ups.

You say the same crap about everything you dislike...you can't tell the truth
Idiot
#TakeTheKnee
Gurl...shut up
@realDonaldTrump don't you have more presidential things to worry about? Like, I dunno, Puerto Rico having electricity and clean water? Sad.
I shut mine down.
The BLM should be against these protests..they are people of color in harms way and as I see it, they are disrespecting them.
Good, they deserve it
You are the most disrespectful thing to the country
Draft dodging, never served, con man fraud.
Nice one Donnie!
You just keep promoting division in the US. The rest of the world is watching in disgust
Let's just not
Nada damn thing but cry about the 1st amendment, try n divided the country threw NFL and didn't do shit for 6 days for P.R.
LoL ! Yeah, well...we love our Nation B4 we love overpaid Sports Stars cashing Obscene Checks each week ! :)

Yes
Yeah, that's totally what happens. #nincompotus
Yikes omg
We know your hate for NFL, been turned down by the Pats,Bills and lost money with USFL hoping for a merge.Look for more important things 

Mr PRESIDENT will you please return USD to gold standard?/
Ok. Mr Trump.This the Lam And lion.i think that way.i don't see why not line the asking of sand up.lot learned for the nine lights.
We got to show before all your lights go out.your corporate lights.the table i see.no more .frank my uncle frank moore
You've given me a new passion for NFL football. Thank you. Does Joe Namath still play for the jets? Lots of catching up to do.
Please stop tweeting about this you're just making it worse.
Don't you have more,to work on then ratings in NFL,get a job
It’s not about the ratings. The ratings just further prove how many people are ignorant & you are fueling their fires.
Great
So glad your spending this time on football instead of other matters in our country, very presidental.
NFL players are new bogeyman in town.
And where exactly did he get his statistic of NFL ratings down? He  made it up; that's where. He is CRAZY.
Msm has a long history of telling the truth even when it doesn’t fit their narrative.
We are giving them the attention they're seeking. If we stop maybe they will. We need to just boycott,boycott,boycott!!
Exactly agree
Another Trump, fake news lie. 

CBS Honcho Les Moonves: Donald Trump Is Wrong, NFL Ratings Are Up!
http://www.tmz.com/2017/09/27/les-moonves-donald-trump-cbs-nfl-ratingshttp://www.tmz.com/2017/09/27/les-moonves-donald-trump-cbs-nfl-ratings …
That must mean your rating is shit since you constantly disrespect our country.
The only ratings going dowm are yours @realDonaldTrump
It's not about disrespecting the country & the men & women who gave everything to defend it. It's about social justice and equality.

Typical Trump. Don't let the facts get in the way of a BS tweet

You are a daffy old guy.
Not so long ago in a country very nearby they decided bras and flags were no good. A war ended and relations between the sexes improved.
How does it compare with your approval ratings? Pretty much need a microscope to view them last I checked. #Loser
Boycott boycott boycott
IS IT POSSIBLE BECAUSE ONE BLACK MAN TOOK A KNEE COULD BRING DOWN WHITE BILLIONAIRES AND INVESTORS EMPIRES ... NOT MUCH JUSTICE BUT START

You are the most bizarre person to ever hold this office. You are completely looney man
Never received an Emmy! #TRUMPlittledick#TRUMPpissonme#CROOKEDTRUMP
Ratings are up fool!
Puerto Rico is in dire need of help. Please help United States Citizens like an actual President of this country.
Our country will not be disrespected.?? says the president thats still focused on tv ratings and football
#fakenews
The fact that you're president shows just how fucking stupid everyone in this country is...
