Is this for real?
You are attacking this black man, but Nazis in the streets (and in the WH) are okay? #MondayMotivation
The world is on fire.

But great that the Merck CEO resigned because you won't denounce Nazis.

Okay, pal.
#MondayMotivation
Rasmussen poll approval rating before your N Korea blustering: 39%
After your dangerous spouting off: 45%.
Remember:
#MondayMotivation
There.
Is.
A.
Trump.
Tweet.
For.
Everything.
#MondayMotivation
This is the only "locked and loaded" the vast majority of Americans would like to see.
#MondayMotivation
#TrumpRussia
Lock him up LMAO GO MUELLER GO GET TRUMP LOCKED UP
Mueller won't find shit, because leftist innuendo & paranoia isn't proof. Nobody has any proof even Dem Senators & Reps
GO MUELLER GO FOLLOW THE MONEY LMAO
Kenneth Frazier showed integrity by doing something you refused to do, condemning vile white supremacists! Thank you Ken!
He has proven himself to be a man of character for not wanting to be associated with an administration that supports neo nazis and the Klan!
Instead of taking infantile cheap shots at him over twitter like a whiny brat having a temper tantrum, you should follow his example!
Ken's actions demonstrated that he has a moral center, something utterly lacking in a man holding the highest office in this nation.
It is disgraceful that you would attack a man because he does not want to be associated with racist miscreants and those who support them!
Once again, instead of mustering up an ounce of moral fiber (you probably have none), you choose to play to your white supremacist base
You are an utter disgrace and unfit for the office you hold. RESIGN, TODAY!
Is this the kind of anger you preach in church ? God understood @POTUS heart said and meant ALL hatred must stop including yours.

I can think of thousands of reasons to hate all Democrats.
But the biggest reason i hate them is..all are Racist!




BLAME  Charlottesville Mayor & Virginia Governor; they didn't do anything to break up this "potential war" Saturday 3 died, lucky not more
Check out @SLandinSoCal's Tweet: https://twitter.com/SLandinSoCal/status/896979347046780929?s=09 …
Glad you said it! McAuliffe is dirty with what went on Sat.
This scum will be Democrats Nominee 2020
He wanted the killings more press!
Your statement FINALLY condemning white supremacists came under pressure and was TWO days late and a dollar short!
You failed a key test of leadership! You don't get to reboot and have a do over. Your initial comments reflect the sentiments of your heart
Your support of white supremacists and failure to create a climate of peace in the nation caused the death of an innocent
The test of leadership is giving moral clarity in the moment, not three days later under pressure! Too late to reboot. We see you clearly!
#SayHerName

Heather Heyer

An American marty

Last words on FB "If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention."

2017.
POTUS, we're paying attention
Quitting Trump's councils in disgust:

Elon Musk (Tesla)
Bob Iger (Disney)
Ken Frazier (Merck)
.
.
Thiel: Trump is "incompetent"…"a one-term President"–it took losing friends, reputation in Silicon Valley to come around to this conclusion? https://twitter.com/yashar/status/894688703431540737 …
Curious. Did he personally attack Iger & Musk like he did Frazier?
Musk, Iger stepped down over Trump's Paris Agreement pullout–he has not singled either publicly for attack on Twitter as he has Frazier.
Precisely. 
Must be a simple oversight. 

<cough, cough, Central Park 5, cough, Indian gaming, cough, birther>
Wow so you can respond within an hour of someone quitting your council over good conscious but you can't denounce white nationalists, sad
Sending your "best regards" and saying "sad" in a tweet a day later displays poor leadership
Sad & Best Regards were only words anyone ever wrote in Trump's yearbooks.
Ooh burn!.. I bet nobody even signed his crack.
Lmao so you admit the pharmaceutical companies are exploiting your citizens because your mad he's not gonna partner w/ you to do it anymore?
You will catch his block soon  but drag him queen 
I can't fuckin WAAAAAIT
CHRIZZY OMG
KAM
CONGRATS BABE
THANK YOU!
You are a deplorable human being. And the republicans were idiots for choosing you. Knew they'd have a puppet but didn't expect the twitter
can you believe how trump is feeling that the lauren jauregui is tweeting him. the legend only
When Trump sees Lauren in his notifications, he must shake knowing he's going to read the truths kkkkkkkkkkkkkk
"Truth" truth???  from where? Liberal bullshit sources?

Donald Trump is the king of fake news

He's been spreading it to the media for decades

Google "John Barron" if you don't believe that
trump is actually the kid who says "i never liked u anyway" after all his friends leave his side cus they realize he's an asshole.
Most of his Twitter followers are the same when trying to have civil debate. Name calling & emojis & then I'm not invited to the sleepover!
You forgot memes
So true! Sometimes they can only produce old, tired Hillary and Obama memes.
34% approval and sinking. Nice work!
YUP! lololololololololol
It sucks you started talking about politics recently.

You should of started a long time ago, think of all the missed humor.
Quick to lash out at Merck CEO for standing up to you!

But you refuse to directly call out #WhiteSupremacists who support you

#TrumpMustGo
What does Ivanka think? Does she follow his beliefs? She acts so arrogant but maybe thinks differently. Her clothes won't sell on that.
Ivanka's on a slightly longer leash than the sons, but that's only because she's obviously daddy's favorite.
Let's ask her.

@IvankaTrump - how do you feel about your racist, predator father?

He's a danger to the world, and you're enabling him.
Seriously, what the fuck is wrong with you. Just go away. Nobody likes you.
Sometimes I think these can't possibly be his. Who would say that? It's defensive & immature.
Yeah, but look at his press conferences. He is defensive and immature then, too.
look at literally everything he does. He's a five year old bully.
A five year old bully who complains that he is victimized by everyone.
just like his supporters, they whine blame and complain then get violent then say its all conspiracy against their right to be morons
Maybe the #Merck CEO will focus extra funding on cures for dementia...

#TrumpMustGo
He's got his father's disease - Alzheimer's
Unfortunately, this looks to be what is happening.
#ThrowbackThursday @RealDonaldTrump I burned your tweet.
Like A Boss 

Make America Great Again
Trump is under FEDERAL & CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION IN THREE STATES. First POTUS this has happened to in USA HISTORY.
Grow the fuck up.
Every time I think I can't feel any more repulsed by @realDonaldTrump , he proves me wrong. He is emotionally tone deaf. #delusional
it took you one hour to condemn a CEO. You still haven't acknowledged Heather Heyer or mentioned the words, white nationalists.
It's amazing. When people don't like you, you tweet. When racist Americans kill Americans, you are silent.
you are not a stable person
#drawdicksontheright
You're such a sore loser. Get a grip. Really.
How can you say @realDonaldTrump is a sore loser when all Dems can talk about is him winning and them losing . hypocrites
Really wasn't what I was taking about at all. Scrolllll
This is one of the most vile things you've ever tweeted: a black CEO resigns from your council b/c of your weakness on #Charlottesville.
You are, in fact, a racist piece of shit. There is no place for you, for this, in the White House, in our government. #Shame
Wow you're tougher on black business people than you are on police killing nazis
You can't say he's unaware of his brand loyalty.

The Donald embarrassment count down went from months, to weeks, to days, to hours, to minutes. The man is nothing more than a turd sandwich
Shut up asshat. #resign for the betterment of this entire nation.
CHRISTIAN FOR PRESIDENT
Chill.
lol you are a child
WORSE RATES EVER, NOW CRIMINALS KKK & WHITE SUPPREMACIST SUPPORTING YOU 
@isitreallysin @wonderfullone @PuestoLoco @tedlieu @tahino1
White supremacists have a knack for backing the losing side don't they? "Supremacists". Ha!
U attack a black man with integrity but take 2 days to give some forced weak ass condemnation to ur nazi pals?
Trump attacks black CEO of Merck for resigning from Manfacturing Council over Charlottesville. Still hasn't denounced the white supremacists
I can't believe you're attacking a specific person but you won't attack a domestic terrorism group after the death of a young woman.
You won't condemn Nazis. You go out of your way to condemn someone who quit because you won't condemn Nazis.
What's that make you, Donnie?
This isn't brain surgery, Donnie. Even you should be able to handle this one.

EVERYONE in the #ManufacturingCouncil must resign - stays are endorsements of Trump's anti-democratic and white supremacist agenda.
You forgot to mention why he resigned. He's standing up for America while you coddle Nazis. He has more dignity than you ever will.
And since when do you care about drug prices? You think health insurance costs $12. You suck at your job. RESIGN!
You could also reinstate Merck liability for vaccine injuries like autism, saving the Govt. billions and they can be sued again, instead.
Yes!!!! Hold them accountable
Except Trump just admitted he appointed a guy to his council who he KNEW was ripping people off, and you're the sucker falling for his BS.
And yet you had him on your council.
That was before Donald knew the guy was going to turn out to be anti-Nazi.
Sad.
Stay focused, stay true to your promises and don't worry about haters, they will never be satisfied with ANYTHING you do or say-
Most of the haters are being paid to stalk you, BLOCK them!
Keep blocking them so you can see more from your supporters 


Blink twice if you need help.
Thank you Mr. President!
Obama's fiscal year ends Sep. 30th. Those jobs have nothing to do with tRump. Thank you Mr. President!
O,kay, you just keep telling yourself that..
No class. You can't stand Frazier taking action as a leader in response to your response on #Charlottesville #CharlottesvilleVA
@UnderArmour CEO just resigned too! Awesome!
And another one bites the dust...

Check out @MarcusC22973194's Tweet: https://twitter.com/MarcusC22973194/status/897184658298998788?s=09 ….  Trump went right back to his snarky, dismissive self.
He's a fake president, goes along with his fake news. 44 was a Real President, he's let's pretend I'm a real president.
Pres Trump - when are you going to GROW UP and act like President and not a Bully.  I voted for you and I am ashamed of myself!
Appalling that you're more critical of Ken Frazier than of Nazi terrorists who murdered an American citizen on US soil on your watch. #Shame
You are an embarrassment to the world.
RESIGN TODAY. Spend more time at white supremacy rallies. #BestRegards
.You mock Black CEO Ken Frazier by name but you never mocked David Duke by name despite his public support for you. #Despicable #Resignnow
Stop the #RipOff of Americans #KenFrazier  @Merck
Except Trump just admitted he appointed him to his council KNOWING he was ripping people off, and you're the sucker falling for his BS.
Please delete your account as you are irrelevant, if you don't like our President move! #Liberals = #terrorists
He's evidently a man of honor, and he respects American values. You are a dishonorable man who does not respect American values. Resign now.
"American Values?" Why are those that profess having such values on Twitter, are immoral hedonists? You must be a 1 World scoundrel Jack.
Please go troll someone who is as stupid as you are. We'll both be happier.
You must mean to "troll someone who is" not as indoctrinated as you, Jack. I just have an uncanny way of seeing through your B.S.
You're delusional. You're a fucking idiot if you actually believe your own BS but I assume you're just a paid Russian troll....
Thank you President Trump. they're trying to dictate only single hatred.  instead of hatred for all groups. Thank you for your courage!
He doesn't have a clue what he's doing. That's not courageous, it's dangerous.
You're the one that doesn't have a clue and you're a Soros troll
You make these guys more popular with your immature tweets. Why?
Of all CEOs who quit your council, you've only viciously attacked one. No statistician wld believe your choice of target is due to chance
@Merck SINGULAIR Destroyed many !! how did it become legal to omit LETHAL Data ? HOW CEO states CONSCIENCE yet turns Blind  2 T damaged under SHAME on Mr K.F. 4 his  fundamental values & HUMANITY does NOT include Those DESTROYED by PHARMA CORRUPTION
Praise God for President Trump!
So you can fire anyone who pisses you off, but if someone doesn't want to work for YOU you send out nasty tweets about them. Got it.
But YOU picked him and now he wants to leave you attack him?  You need therapy #pleaseresignalready
How come no comment on CEO From Intel, Under Armour. They re not African American but they left your business group. #trumpracist
Why was he on the council to start? You can't have it both ways. I voted for you, expect you to be a powerful leader, not a poor loser.
Nobody is ripping off this country like you and your family
What are you thinking, resign first or wait out the impeachment process. Just curious, totally between us. I swear, I won't tell anyone.
The #FreeKevinTrudeau cause? IT IS ABOUT YOUR #freedom 's ...
@POTUS you love #justice right? Well then #FREEKEVINTRUDEAU
TRUTH. THESE CEO'S NEED TO RECALL WHO IT IS THAT HELPS KEEP THEIR BIG CORPORATIONS AFLOAT, AMERICANS!!
you can bash others all you want, it just shows your true character -- or lack thereof.  #notmypresident
Since we live in such a racist country how is it Ken Frazier, a black man, can 'earn' $14.5 mil / year? Gosh, what racist country! 
True that.  They're all globalists. They want to rule the world and it's people. Our POTUS is shaking up the gravy train.
So true!
How about time to do a vaccinated vs unvaccinated study the CDC continues to refuse to do. #cdcfraud #cdcwhistleblower #vaccinescauseautism
Now it's your turn to #resign. #FakePresident
Mr. Trump @POTUS I agree with you but just condemn the Neo Nazis Don't talk about ANTIFA Come down hard No forgiveness
I totally agree with him I just want this to end
True They will never be satisfied But I still think he needs to have a stronger message about Neo Nazis ANTIFA will show who they are
True
It didn't take you that long to go after Ken Frazier but it took you 2 days to finally go after these terrorist groups/your friends
What do you expect from a clown who is only concerned about his own interests?
I was taught a long time ago you don't bite the hand the feeds you. You see who he is protecting
I've also learned not to vote for a racist, bigot, and hypocrite. Apparently that wasn't taught to others.
Why the hell did you select him then you numskull
Wasn't an issue when you saw him ALL THE TIME for your powwow sessions.
We'd say the same about you,"Now that #CrookedTrump" has resigned from President,he'll have more time to collude with Russia & rip off ppl"
...Either "resign" or "impeach" would suffice. Hopefully soon you won't have a choice. #CrookedTrump  #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpTrainWreck
The comments on this site are a type of terrorism.  The world would love to see this nation fall and divide the parts.
Remember in any forum you are responsible for what you say and do.  Right or Left.  Respect the office of the President.

My guess is he's golfing.    Pass the mayo
Or....
Your behavior is disgraceful. You always resort to name calling and bullying when things do not go your way. What a sad example for our kids
Lmao so you admit the pharmaceutical companies are exploiting your citizens because your mad he's not gonna partner w/ you to do it anymore?
If you wanna talk about ripping people off, can you hazard a guess as to how many lives your casinos have ruined, you shrivelled old prune?
is so insecure and petty that he feels the need to take cheap shots at someone making a conscientious choice? #MoronMonday
The swamp is draining thanks to our #POTUS #MAGA
He was good enough at the time, but now that he's disagreed with you, his company is a ripoff?  Life isn't about getting your way.
#blameandconspiracy this is how this immature #POTUS responds to adversity and to those who don't kiss his ass
NOW ITS TIME TO TELL WHAT WE HAVE BEEN CHEATED OUT OF... HIDDEN TECH ... FREE ENERGY!!! WE DESERVE THIS TRUTH FROM OUR "ELECTED LEADERS"...
Perhaps a better approach was to work with Congress & incorporate lower drug prices into a healthcare bill.  But healthcare is complicated.
Your attacks are always aimed at people being loyal to USA over you. When will you honor your oath and protect Americans?
Keep offending business leaders, please. It'll get you out of office faster.
All I can muster is 'wow, you are absolutely clueless'
If only you went this hard against nazis.
#GrabYourWallet THREAD: All products made by Co.'s #Patriots #DumpTrump's #ManufacturingCouncil Let's get busy folks
Yes @perlmutations I just posted #GrabYourWallet on these companies until they leave the #Trump regime in the dust until he's ousted. https://twitter.com/perlmutations/status/897311033626427392 …
.@realDonaldTrump He's beholden to #Soros
Companies Owned By George #Sorosin the #US and Abroad
http://zeetalkradio.com/?p=939  #FreezeAssets

.@realDonaldTrump said one year ago that price-hiking drug companies were “getting away with murder.” Now, he’s nominated Alex Azar, a drug company executive with a history of raising prescription drug prices, to lead …
I Love You President Trump. Don't listen to these haters. Stay on the Trump train that we voted for.
You petty little bitter man. You just can't restrain yourself from lashing out @ anyone who dares to speak out against you. As you'd say SAD
why did you court such bad bad people to be included in your council. Mr President
Agreed!
Gawd, u get salty sooo easy it's hilarious.

Funny how Unite the Right Freedom of speech rally became White Supremacists after being attacked by blm and antifa 
Merck's high prices on life saving drugs exclude many in this country. It is a form of Eugenics.
Get God into your life
Lying don true CEO's are showing you how to act as leaders. I know U R unteachable.  So just sit back and whine. U R a major disappointment
& u only made that statement about the hate groups because u were pressured into it not because u believed they should have been called out
Drug prices need to be a priority when changing health care. When other countries sell for less, we can, too. Stop their ripoff!
What Will you win with Racism dear Trump ???
If you thought he was a ripoff artist, why did you appoint him in the first place? Or, did that only matter when he criticized you?
Bashing the CEO of Merck right away but it took you 2 days to talk against KKK????
Disparaging a successful, tax-paying, publicly traded, job-creating U.S. company is not a good move for a President of the US. Obviously.
Typical Trump condescending response. Never takes any responsibility. Shame on Trump for supporting the white supremacy groups.
I'm praying for you.
Keep it classy!
You are a FAKE PRESIDENT! Puppet of the KKK! Get it from your father?
Anyone who believes that moral values, integrity & character be required from @POTUS join us in #boycotttrump businesses. @BoycottTrumpBus
This has to be some kind of admission of guilt right? Like if this was going to help, why weren't they kicked out of your council.
Dropping almost as fast your approval rating. Thank God for the #WhiteSupremacists #KKK #AltRight, eh, Trumpy?
That's right Holly you simple minded twit
Disgusting
So if this was the case it was  bad judgement by you to have  him on the council in the first place.
Typical Trump. Bash someone who was your friend yesterday just because you don’t agree with them today
Not sure y u are so concerned about Rx. U don't support healthcare. It's indicative in how ur life is conducted. It's clear u r off UR meds.
Mr. PRESIDENT,  DON'T FORGET TO CXLD. SUBSIDIZES ON AHC FOR CONGRESS. THEY DON'T DESERVE ANY FREEBIE'S. 
THEY NEED TO WORK WITH YOU.
My little kids are more composed & mature than you are...
nobody wants to work with you except your nazi's in your regime.
Frazier is looking pretty smart now. He didn't even need 2 wait 4 your Trump Tower shit show on Tues. 2 take a life raft off the Trumptanic.
Hey I know him!! I know him!! @monica_kapur
You're bad
You're not racist, but you only attack the black guy, not the two white guys. Got it. @YesYoureRacist #YesYoureRacist
You are so petty! Stop Tweeting your attacks! #unpresidential #emperorTrumphasnoclothes #45ispetty #45failsagain
Now that Trump is golfing, he will have less time to destroy the US.

I'm so super proud of my President. POTUS didn't cave into the PC MSM Socialist narrative supporting facist antifa and racist blm violence 
KEEP LEADING MR PRESIDENT WE GOT YOUR BACK!!!
Maga!!!!!
Awww, are you mad someone broke up with you? It was business on his part, I'm sure. Stop taking it so personally.
Afraid the Nazi killers won't support you because real people don't support you and they're dropping like flies. You're going down
Why did you only respond to Ken Frazier's wise decision to resign from your farcical council:why not the other rapidly growing list of CEO's
You are acting like me when my boyfriend in college dumped me
He took his bat and balls home and now you're just pissed he won't play on your crappy sandlot.  Loser!  #PrezidentKukla
You and Bannon are going to be left fiddling while Rome burns; or The Titanic sinks.  Pick your analogy.  #ImpeachTrump
It's SAD that you're quicker to attack Ken Frazier of Merck than the violent neo-nazis and KKK. #FireBannon
no one likes you! Also I'm pretty sure you're a racist.
Like negro
what the fuck is UP Kyle
Dude nobody wants to work with or for you! RESIGN #45 #NotMyPresident
GRANDSTANDING MAN BAIRS SHOULD NOT BE PRESIDENT EITHER! Be a man...have some class!
You lose a councilmen and then bash him, you are just transparent at this point...
God, you're such a baby!
Like you care about low prices!  Lower the Ripoff President!!!  #Resistance #RipoffPresident
You're a child. I teach children and you come up with the same come backs they do. You've had 70+ years dude. You should be smarter by now.
Really, that's the best you can do. We have a President with the vocabulary and temperament of a 12 year old.
He's not "wrong" on this one 

Drug prices go down 
Your health insurance at least has a chance to go down
To constantly be condemning others is morally wrong and unacceptable for a president to do. You bring our country great shame.
#Impeach45
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4716252/ … THIS IS WHAT PASSES FOR VACCINE SAFETY STUDY! Even a child knows that's not a proper study!!
You do not care about drug prices, you're just butt hurt b/c he left your pointless Council. He was right to leave! #resist #ImpeachTrump
You're upset that a black man couldn't stand with you sympathizing with white supremacy? Oh, poor you.
than you just blind and theres no use in trying to help you see it stop letting your hate for trump blind you from reality
You're a petty old man. We all can't wait until you're removed from office. God bless your heart, Donnie
Great job President Trump, ignore the noise. Many of your followers are quite, we have jobs !!!!!!
You are a bigot...driving the one token black on your business counsel away.  The mark of a very poor and divisive leader.
so this wasn't important until he left the panel? Guess we know where you stand on the issue.
He resigned because you're a racist & a bigot. He resigned because you're unable and unfit to unify this country. Stop acting like a child.
If he's such a crook then why did you hire him for your panel in the first place? 
uh, that's YOUR job.  Jesus.
The presidential version of "I know you are but what am I?" SMH
It's the  only admirable thing Merck has done in years. Thank you Ken Frazier, for standing with humanity!
@realDonaldTrump You are ripping off everyone by over charging at your hotels and clubs! DC hotel is $650.00 a night talk about RIPOFF SICK
Don't give yourself a heart attack.
Crybaby?
You suck
He's not the first and won't be the last. By the time your presidency is over you will have NO friends, MORE enemies, NO social life. #watch
Took you two full days to condemn homegrown white supremacists, but just a few hours for a butthurt tweet about Frazier. You suck, #45.
Why do you have to be nasty to decent people who are trying to support you ?
Answer : You are a malignant narcissist #narcissist #trump
Soros loving @Merck CEO is anti-American & #MAGA traitor.He bowed 2 Liberal pressure.He notonly turned his back on @POTUS,but also Amer. ppl
You should probably send your detectives to look for his birth certificate...
*picks up football and goes home to Mamma*
You are an animal.  You make us all embarrassed to be Americans.
Mate, you gotta stop  chasing the scraps .
Stand Up, Face Up, Front Up and Lead!
The cops and Virginia State Police were in on it assisting antifa facists and blm racists 
MSM is not telling us the truth about Charlottesville. Here's what REALLY HAPPENED. Soros ! https://www.pscp.tv/w/bF5F4jF4ZUVXeGVCb2txUVB8MXlOR2FtUllZQWdHahFGGMb_SbnZrrj4gb1x0wjru8th7rSKdSk7TnEsOcZL …
