Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! #JeffSessions #SanctuaryCities
But the Chicago Mayor wouldn't lie to us.......would he?
Those federal dollars sent to the city -the mayor is the one who signs off on the check. If it's a deposit he has exclusive control.
This Is #Potus in Phoenix #Season to Shine Fake Polls Can't lie #mypresident
Not so sure that we agree with you 100% on your police work there...
http://www.miamidade.gov/releases/2017-08-16-mayor-statement-trump-charlottesville.asp?utm_source=media&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=release-distribution&utm_term=mayor …
He is sad and disappointed by you.
How quick will you attack him once you realize that fact.
.@POTUS thanks  @MayorGimenez for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! 

#tcot 
I love Trump and all he stands for.
May God bless and watch over our POTUS and AG.   The media is not watching out for the people, it has turned into a 24 hour lie cycle.
Yes God, please help the media; they face impossible competition, even Fox can't compete with the lies flowing from the White House.
Actually the truth is heard from the white house.  24/7 lie cycle from CNN MSN NYT and Wash Post
Mayors of Sanctuary Cities should be held criminally liable when Illegal Hurts or murders American Citizens or anyone for that matter.
Finally someone is following the law. I'm not a saint by any means but we have to protect our country. @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr

The fact you are deporting everyone, not only criminals is the reason why crops are rotting on the ground, food prices skyrocketting.
The left can't stand it that nobody was murdered in Miami over the weekend. Make America Great Again! #WeLoveTrump
DT go home.  Take @jeffsessions with you and @SebGorkaPOTUS45 and all your other racist buddies aka NeoNazis #theResistance
I'm so proud we finally have an AWESOME President and Attorney General!!
President Trump, and Sessions are the WALL!

Let's see if your mostly unemployed white supremacists are willing to pick the fields, refuse to do the work that Mexicans do, cutUIbenefits
And there is another lie and proof that your bigot plan is society cleansing, 105k deported to Mx  in 6mo, over 46k had no criminal record.
I feel safer when I know that all members of my community can call the police and stand by as witness without fear of their own punishment.
With you all the way. I'm in cal
I can't believe I'm thinking about vacationing in Miami
Trump international in sunny isles
Sweet, thanks
Sir, Charlottesville was completely set up by the Left!!!
SB
#AmeriKlanNazi  #NaziAmeriKlan..Swiftly changing the #RepubliKlanParty@GOP Are U gonna let Him ??
@realDonaldTrump
The Economist cover. Devastating. 
@ThePerezHilton @realDonaldTrump @funder @paladine @dailykos @MisterSalesman You are delusional. Take your meds
I actually think he knows exactly what he's doing. He's clearing people of color from America. Just what a good chunk of his base wants.
Christian/White, that's what he wants. That's why Falwell, Robertson, & their ilk will never leave him. The Mercer's. They want power.
Sessions takes a photo with friends.
Thank you mayor Gimenex
#NOSANCTUARYCITIES !!! GET THEM THE HELL OUT OF OUR COUNTRY!! #AMERICAFIRST

STANDING OVATION FROM NEW HAMPSHIRE!!!
My vote as an American citizen of Hispanic descent, is being undermined by all of the illegal votes cast by illegal immigrants!
I admire your tenacity and courage to stand for what you believed. I'm reading you daily like a book.
FBI FIX YOUR HOUSE ARREST YOUR OWN THAT ARROGANT SELF INDICTING UNDER OATH, COMMITTING CRIMES UNDER COLOR OF AUTHORITY S.O.B. JAMES COMEY !
#ImpeachTrump
Sanctuary cities create an ever growing Dem voter pool..it is all about their power base to accomplish their takeover objective.
You don't even understand what a sanctuary city is, because it has not been translated to Russian.  Resign before you are impeached.
Your stupidity,Racism,lack of world view,destroy N Korea,venezuela,mexico,my missile is bigger than your is what will destroy this country.
#liar Not true. Even if one of your buddies told you so 
Unfortunately that common sense hasn't permeated #Philadelphia mayors office & other #Dem help feifdoms. Dems have 0 intelligence of late
Our illegitimate president, NOT sanctuary cities, makes America less safe.
Why is Sheriff Arpaio convicted of ignoring court order on immigration, but leaders in sanctuary cities break law many yrs & get away w/it?
Because they are breaking no laws. Just refusing to do the INS/ICE job for them at local expense. Immigration in Federal. It's their job.
Um....they broke the law coming here in the first place. If no drivers license cuz no ID then they r breaking law driving too.
The question was for City level. Not the individual. It's a Federal Responsibility to Police those individuals. The City has broken no Law.
Ok, so city can ignore federal immigration law, but Arpaio is a criminal 4 enforcing it? Hypocracy at it's finest.
Now you are so far off topic that it's... Well.  Deplorable.
Hmmm...you must be lost, cuz topic was about following or ignoring the law. I'm not sure what you're confused about. And yes, I'm deplorable
No Deb. I'm not. Nor am I surprised that you are nothing but an entertainer of no real relevance. . Why would I be. You voted for a Clown.
This is another lie. since sanctuary cities have lower crime rates. But I know data, science and truth are optional in your world view.
Apparently they're optional in yours as well. As that's absolutely incorrect data. Get real statistics from real police force not CNN news
He's done with too. You're a means to an end.
Because nobody feels safe to call when they worry more about your jackboots deporting them? Fewer calls doesn't mean crimes have gone away.
Wish everyone would stop being so silly! It's not non-citizens are banging down the phone lines reporting undocumented people crimes.
This is unfounded and inhumane. Do your research.
Absolutley true....criminals should have NO place to hide.....follow the law..it applies to ALL.
Sanctuary Cities were upheld by the courts, so it is the LAW.
No it's not!
As always, you fool, the truth is the exact opposite. Your beliefs are not truths. Facts are the truth.
Literally no one likes you
Jeff, when are you going to get off your bum and make the FBI arrest Antifa terrorists for attacking ppl.?
How about you get @jeffsessions to deputize 10k patriots in each state and start allowing US ALL special prosecutor powers & end corruption!
#FLORIDA IS #CORRUPT WITH LEADERS LIKE #WASSERMANSHULTZ #KATHYCASTOR #MEDICAREFRAUDKING #RICKSCOTT #LILMARCO #BILLNELSON 

@realDonaldTrump
Nah dudes, YOU make our country less safe
Don't need safety.  That's why I have lots of guns and a second amendment right.  I need liberty.
Way to go Miami!  Love ya!

All these liberal mayors need to be replaced with other candidates that want to protect Americans.These, DeBlasio and others are traitors!
When will you finally understand that YOU make our country less safe?
The Commander in Chief can block @VoteVets, the voice of 500k military veterans and families, but we will NOT be silenced.
What about the white guys in funny outfits that you do give sanctuary to ?
This one is definitely in bred indeed. Has any one checked this one birth certificate. Were mom and Dad Session's brother and sister?
We all need sanctuary from you!
Thank God for enforcement of our laws, stand strong.
You need to just step down Mr. President. Your legacy is set. Worst POTUS ever. Thank you for the vindication.
Hello
@darhar981 @MayorGimenez you too President trump you are good President
Oh dear. You are lying again. The data (aka facts) actually say cities and people are safer.
Very awesome....
It really is ! I love that he gives a tweet of gratitude 2 those who deserve it. Must be like a slap in the other's face. @POTUS U R Da Best
It should feel like a slap, but somehow I doubt it... So glad to see Jeff acknowledge Miami.
Stop being ridiculous. You don't like him because your taught not to & that's your right but stop the slandering, because u got nothing else

Dios ama al presidente Trump y Trump ama a Dios punto! Tú eres el ignorante el este momento!
ahi me avisas cuando de una patada te regresen a tu isla
Que come eres! Yo nací en los Estados Unidos, yo estoy en mi país! 
no creo que a trump le interese una mierda que tan lame huevos seas. el solo ve tu raza y color de piel, asi que preparate para los KKK
En la historia de  los demócratas son los racistas! Los republicanos siempre an estado de favor del los de color!
Over reach of the Federal Government makes us less safe.  It's part of the Republican platform.
Resign....resign...resign....resign....resign...Resign....resign...resign...resign....resign...Resign....resign...resign....resign....resign
Please put an end to ALL sanctuary cities!!!
Every single study says the opposite. It's like saying Melania loves you- no matter how much you repeat it it's never going to be true
GET RID OF SANCTUARY CITIES SURROUNDING SUBURBAN COOK COUNTY NEAR CHICAGO!! THE NUMBER OF ILLEGALS ARE MULTIPLYING! PLEASE STOP THE CRIMES!
Federal is the sublime and sovereign govt that protects national interest of America-not the cities.
You need not look any further than the CPD. They are NOT enforcing the rule of law. @ChicagosMayor The CPD are afraid of their own people.
Why to democrats desperately want sanctuary cities and ILLEGAL immigration?  Why call those who oppose racist?  Cheap labor & votes...
Great call on crime!  Your winning!
Donny we love you Soul Blood

You trump are making our country less save with your hate speeches travel bans deportations racist remarks lies deceit mockery insults etc.

@jeffsessions
I agree.. the demise of America will be internal.. the legalization of marijuana is also a threat. Focus on a strategy against illegal drugs
#FakePresident #fakefact
NO!...neo-nazism and white supremacists make our country LESS SAFE! #RacistTrump #FoxNews #Resist #DildoTrump #AltWhiteTrash #Hannity
Yes thank you Mr. TRUMP and my Company is growing because of God perhaps working though your hand and pray for you as well thank you
We have some more tickets to the most spectacular impeachment EVER. A bigly event
Stop calling them sanctuary cities and implying they don't follow the same laws everybody else does. You are FAKE NEWS.
The fake media has published so many fake (unfactual ) stories that someone should sue. Without accountability they'll continue. Bad example

Crime in sanctuary cities is much higher liberals won't realize the facts

https://twitter.com/GeorgiaDirtRoad/status/898575332000780288 …
PLEASE KEEP MARIJUANA LEGAL, Mr. Pres. Especially for medicinal purposes! PLEASE TELL AG, how necessary it is! No one has ever died from pot
An unstable Prez makes our country unsafe but thats ok as long as he is protected .
Nazis make our country less safe.  And you.  You make our country less safe.
#TrumpRussia
#TrumpLies
#ImpeachTrump
#FireBannonMillerGorka
Wrong again. Your little fear mongering is driving up crime. PPl are afraid to go to the police. You're a wimp & your're ignorant.
speaking of Miami -BOL pro choice culture of death functionary
TRAITOR talk!
No. Sanctuary cities represent federalism, which the GOP hypocritically loves when it's in their favor, but hate re: weed, immigrants, etc.
You make an entire world less safe
Sad we have to thank politicians for following the LAW, even worse that others scoff at it.  @mayoredlee
WHAT ABOUT IF YOU RESINGE DONALDUNBTRUMP.... AAND THEN THE HOLE USA AND THE WROLD BE SAFE..... RESINGE DDT..
*****PRESIDENT TRUMP***** 8 YEARS ALL THE WAY!!!!! :-)


only you would deny any human sanctuary..you deport good people..and we have to support your mafia ass..you broke more laws
You're making us less safe.
Lies
I live by San Francisco, it'll be criminal city very soon. I'm afraid nearby cities might go less safe, because of SF...I wish they'll stop
You are ruining this country. Please walk away. Move to Germany or Russia
No, Sir. You make us less safe!
KEEBLER. ELF SPEAKS
For so many controversies cease to assert it but they wanted it not to vote for it
You tear families apart, create a climate of fear amongst good, hard working people. 

You, sir, are the most UNAMERICAN person I know.
DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT THE "RULE OF LAW " IS?

What DO you know? Lying, Bigotry, Bullying, Anything painted Gold, Golf and Chocolate Cake.

https://twitter.com/libertyselfgov/status/897506098386685952 … READ ALL TWEET CHAINS 4 2DAYS  #MAGA @realDonaldTrump @VP #GENKELLY. @MadDogMattis @GOP @IvankaTrump @seanhannity

Mr. President, soon you will be seeking a sanctuary city. May I suggest Sebastapol? I hear it's lovely.
You make the U.S.A. much less safe.
Please provide an actual fact you lying ass hat.
Good job mayor
You go Attorney General Sessions.
Trump you know nothing of rule of law. Did you just learn that term?
You and the dt administration make us all less safe especially the vulnerable.
Great......@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
Less safe...Really for who? Either you are safe or you are not SAFE!!! Speak truth or don't speak at all!
What happened in Charlottesville was terrible but at least the media isn't talking about Russia anymore that's because there's nothing there
https://twitter.com/American1765/status/898217487359025153 …
Look at this little pimple on the cancer tumor of trump.  Who blows who here?  Pass the hot fudge
No, you out of control dumpster fire, you make our country less safe
The mayot lost the next election
Your face makes us less safe!

Lmao.  Antifa gave a journalist a concussion and posted this on Facebook to justify the attack.  This is some insane bullshit 

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10207912997862775&id=1831459356 …
Pass the Dream Act and there will be less need for Sanctuary cities
@POTUS @MayorGimenez YOU MAKE OUR COUNTRY LESS SAFE...TIME IS RUNNING OUT DONNY YOU IGNORANT OLD SEXIST RACIST BUFFOON
Nazis make our country less safe.
Yes yes yes
Yes! Love my champion of Cicero and Aristotle. No one above the law!  Maybe we can finally start reading the constitution when you get home?
#impeachTrumpnow
Jeffie Sessions talking smack about racists and the KKK is the definition of irony, just like your so-called "presidency."
Rule of law! Jail Trump for breaking laws.
What the hell would you know about that! #trumpsanasshat #trumpsanembarrassment #impeach 45NOW
ACA is the Rule of Law.
Sorry to inform you, but since November you and your team have made America unsafe. Your words have a negative impact as a whole.
YOU make us less safe. Complete fraud

You make our country less safe.
Follow the 25th amendment @VP
You make our country less safe
LMAO #WhiteSupremacistInChief they dont. If I was an undocumented immigrant would I put a red light on my head & stick out like sore thumb?
Now go after the mayor of murder city.  What a piece of work Rahm is!!! Then jerry -cookoo brown. He was crazy years ago!!!
Love TRUMP
Now, come after Portland oregon
Mr President, Houston's Mayor Sylvester Turner and Chief of Police Art Acevedo have kept their commentment to Sanctuary City status.

Why are you saying thank you to Jeff sessions? People are dying in Chicago and you're doing nothing to help them people! So f*** you
No money from us the employer to the public employee
UnAmerica Delusional Donnie makes us & America LESS SAFE!
Attacks rule of law, courts, the Constitution, a free press!
Blackmailed by Putin!
Failed fake prez embattled & bitter Delusional Donnie an UnAmerican race baiter, a scourge on our nation, a plague in the People's House!
White supremacist make our country less safe but you don't go after them?!?
There are more crazy anti-fa running amuck than white supremacist
WE may stay quiet, we work; pay our taxes; you won't see us riot or hurt others.   But we are tired of threats and disrespect to our POTUS.
HELL FIRE AND FURY WILL COME DOWN, on anyone hurting OUR POTUS.  .....PROMISE

Thank you for showing your true colors and standing with the Nazi's and KKK mayor.
Such made up mon-sense!
California will kick Sessions ass if he ever shows up here.
Sanctuary cities are safer than non-sanctuary cities.  Try, for once in your life, to tell the goddamned truth.
Kate Stanley and her family would disagree snowflake.
How do you know what they think, bird dropping?
How do you know what I value, do you have friends in my family, too?
