repeal obama care start fresh.
work with real people  take politics out of planning, then you can get a real great plan,
Ryan never fully had your back and his plan shows it. The Freedom Caucus has your back, have them create a plan for you.
I find it hilarious that our president tweets
can you just drop dead already?
Your right GET RID OF YOU
you lost clown! Ha!
ACA wasn't perfect, but President Obama for the best plan he could, depot the GOP sabotaging his every effort. Majority like ACA, just fix
The ACA saved my brother's life - and many others... YOU will KILL Americans.
...unless your a pregnant woman, newborn and newborn needing neonatal care, old, cancer, any "pre existing" so called by U
Write you senator tell them what you want. They don't give it fire them next election
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your ...
DO YOU HATE President Obama, maybe not, just jealous of his brain!!!!
Still waiting...... For your ass to do something...this is not your life!! Step down!!
Waiting............................
Oh just stop will you please???? You're beating a dead damn horse....apparently you couldn't come up with anything better ,just shut up
Do you have ANY idea that MANY people just don't have the money that requires? Yeah..nope, you don't really understand that
"Repeal  it or I will let obamacare stay" Do you think that's a threat? LOL Sounds like you're encouraging them to notvote
Your plan is going to fail! The congressmen that vote for it will be out of a job in 2018!
Your plan is not going to be great
Ur party had 7 years 2 develop an acceptable plan & U STILL couldn't come up with a plan that doesn't hurt Americans PERIOD
. @realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump the CBO is projecting premiums will rise and others are predicting deductibles will go up. Isn't that bad?

They don't care and they don't listen when it does not put money in their pockets.
well, you said you had a 'BETTER' plan, and seems this attempt was a 'glued together' last minute thing..#Trumpcare I mean.
obviously you have not read the plan. Someone who knows 0 abt HC s/n be making decisions 4 the rest of us. This plan SUCKS!
how'd that go for you?
Do you understand what this bill does? It doesn't do anything you promised it would do during your campaign. #Trumpcare
Can we just repeal & replace Trump? *asking for a friend*
.@realDonaldTrump HEAD OF STATE
Mature.
@RepMarkMeadows @freedomcaucus vote yes or we vote you out! don't be selfish! you represent Americans!

for someone who doesn't utilize Obama care, you talk a lot of shit! Reform it and you have a good plan.
Great plan for exactly who? Let the accounts see it BEFORE the vote and maybe I'd agree with you. #RepealAndReplaceAfterReview #TrumpCare
No it's not
how do u know?
Costs more, covers less. Hurts the poor and elderly. How is this better? Stop running your con on the people.
I didnt vote for you to replace. I just want it gone.
You'll fail and give up.
you Mr. Trump are one piece of work. Willing to throw older Americans under the bus. You have lost ALL credibility.
Nope. Trumpcare sucks. Inhumane, profit over people. We see you. #ParasiticPresident
replacing parts of ACA is cheaper than Repealing it. I'm not even adding the cost to Replace. Letting it implode costs 

#FridayFeeling 
This is going to be a great day
.@POTUS @VP @FLOTUS @KellyannePolls @DanScavino 
#MAGA #AmericaFirst…
Ur sick
I hope your right @POTUS  If not, 2018 maybe a UGLY election year.. Just saying. #MAGA #RepealAndReplace
Thank you!! My family has been paying the penalty because it was cheaper than any plan!!
To be fair it's Ryan care.  Trump's hand hadn't fully been played yet.  Current bill won't pass. Next move.
Possibly a path to universal? That's kind of what he promised during the campaign; )
Maybe.  I agree with you.  He said during campaign to fix #ACA.  It was GOP that wanted Repeal message.
PLEASE DON'T KILL US! PLEASE! No timeline on something this important. Taking your time is a good thing!
if this is such a "Great Plan," then why didn't the vote take place yesterday?  You (Donald) needed to give an ULTIMATUM!
C'mon, even you don't sound remotely convinced, and you're a senile bed-wetter with the brain capacity of a sieve.
And please, whenever you refer to your atrocious, inhumane healthcare act, call it its real name: Trumpcare.
Or maybe just throw Paul Ryan under the bus so you can distance yourself and focus on the Russia scandal?
That exactly what he will do. Never his fault. A good leader takes responsibilities
He is a terrible leader and is in over his head. Trumpcare is a disaster, a complete failure.
Kinda like Obancare collapsing under its own weight.
you are a liar - everything out of ur mouth is a lie - get help for gods sake @realDonaldTrump
Rosie I thought u left the country what's taking u so long

.@realDonaldTrump can you tell us a little more about how community rating requirement will interact with ditching EHB requirements?
Chris.

.@realDonaldTrump CBO: 52 million uninsured by 2026. This is a great plan for rich people.
.@realDonaldTrump $274 billion to the richest 2%. 

Trump is trading sick people for healthy bank accounts.
.@realDonaldTrump And within those 52 million uninsured are Trump voters who traded in their health for red hats.
@HouseGOP You could not be More Wrong!!  Obamacare has saved countless lives!   The ACA is wonderful!!!
Many among the 99% need #medicare4all more than the 1% needs tax cuts.
He does not care he is in the 1%
It's their chance for a great plan, but you don't have one. You're just double-crossing your voters
Think of the 24 million suckers who will lose healthcare insurance because you lied to them...
it's clear your not a trump fan, find a new play ground
So what attracts you to ignorant 3x-married adulterer, sexual predator, racist & pathological liar @realDonaldTrump?
you know what you are not worth trying to talk to your just a brainwashed fool
I love the fact that you trumptards are illiterate as well as stupid ;-)
How brainwashed are you when you can't accept that @realDonaldTrump is a pathological liar?
Remove the illegals from it! NO reason they should be covered. Time for them to be DEPORTED. All 60 million.
u and ur think tank spread hate and fear not unity u are not deceiving anyone but ur supporters who will destroy a nation
what happened
IT'S NOT A GREAT PLAN SIR....I VOTED FOR YOU BECAUSE YOU SAID REPEAL OBAMACARE.  NOT REPLACE WITH OBAMACARE 2.0.  VERY SAD!
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump   If it was a great plan as Trump said it would have passed. But he failed to sell it. He failed
Throwing Americans is not a "great plan"
#FakePatriot
ZeroFucksGiven is not a name that says you care about much. So why say I am a Fake Patriot???  I have always been in politics
@SpeakerRyan is a career politician,as well.That doesn't make him a Patriot either
Whatever
Pro Tip: When you attack a person's,name,color,or appearance,It shows you're defending a bankrupt ideology.
Whatever I don't need a Pro Tip from you!! I am done responding to anything you have to say. It's a waste of my time!
And they need to keep pushing.  Many people need the new healthcare.
Go ahead and repeal AHC.  You thought nothing of slaughtering women and children defunding PP. Old and sick people should be easy kills!!! 
US only country in the world that doesn't ensure its citizens have healthcare. Has no sense of public good.  Greed prevails
Wise words. For an idiot at least.
but you failed. After all that talk you still blaming others. Sad, Sad, Sad
True. Repeal first. Promise kept. THEN series of bills to fix system.
true Obamacare is aweful but the plan you proposed
NOT likely!!!!
20 million covered, an end to preexisting conditions and better medicare and medicaid.  What's wrong with that??
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
still waiting...
sure.
really???????? 
TRIANGULATE away from these liberal Black Dems & their #welfare handout programs & hv my replacement house n @LakeCountyIL
Yeah what is it. OH wait. lol
So horrible it saved lives.
it's worth changing. Just because u say so doesn't make it true no matter what u think do a better job in the details
YOU THOUGHT
Yes, it was horrible when I could get healthcare. Too bad your "plan" got voted down and you didn't get to take it away!
Ok...what exactly is it and exactly how is it better for low to mid income suffering americans??
real doctors help people not themselves, people take care of real doctors
another Trump lie
This is bullshit. I'm sorry but I can't put it any other way. You wanting to repeal Obama care was dumb af. 
Why aren't you looking into cancelling "opiods" for short term severe pain, driving them to harder street drugs?
show  people what Obamacare is/means.  People will push congress and senate to change!Obamacare gives no one a choice!
Praying for successful repeal.  There's no "perfect" solution, but we can do SO MUCH BETTER! :D  Make America Great Again
has it already be seven, amazing years of having access to doctors and medical treatment? #obamacare #fucktrump
𨳒你老母！
Let me know when you get a great plan....or any plan...and a backup plan...and a backup to the backup #ResistTrumpCare
AND if you call in the next 15 minutes you'll also receive this keychain healthcare plan AND trumpcare tote bag!
by great plan you mean: kill off the poor people so there's more money for millionaires/billionaires ? Got it!
uh...what happened there big d? Repug tried 50 times to repeal..fail every time. Defeated again. Yuge fail you own it.
@PressSec Help!!! Retired Firefighter paying 1/3 of pension in healthcare premiums... twice what I'm paying in mortgage.
Oh, the plan that didn't pass?  New plan?  Show us the premiums and coverage first, as we don't believe a thing you tweet or say!
Do you even realize you r our employee. We r your boss. We pay your salsry & health ins. When people protest u - listen
costs are high because insurance companies have too much of the pie. regulate them.
actually I got my first REAL health plan thanks to #Obamacare. What's YOUR  real Plan?
SAD THAT YOU FAILED TRUMPCARE, 7 years and you crashed and burned. IT's YOUR FAULT NOT DEMS.  Everything you touch FAILS.
Heres a AHC plan that Demos&Reps cant argue with,the same one they have..Give Americans the same HC plan that Congress has
@seanspicer how'd that work out 4ya? Should've let @melissamccarthy handle it, she's MUCH better at it then you lil girls.
You’ll never be the man your mother is.
@seanspicer ....so we can get back 2 work! I have 2 watch this man suffer everyday as he has dropped his mgs on his....
If I said anything to offend you it was purely intentional.
LOVE OBAMA!!! CLINTON GOT 3 MIL MORE POPULAR VOTES THAN YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
...you have to stop worrying about Obama ...he isn't there anymore already !!
it was a shit plan and you know it
You are repeating what you heard on Fox News. Most people don't think this will happen.
The system is very expense if one can wait until they are sick to purchase insurance and that isn't fair to the rest
@Zoompad not great not even good stop doing things alone
you are a liar
Premiums were actually going up faster BEFORE Obamacare.
Republicans passed bills that made Obamacare collapse on purpose. Share the risk with insurance companies and be the HERO.
And you blew it!
@seanspicer i already have a great plan
yes I wish democrats realized this. I work for a pharmaceutical wholesaler and never have I paid so much for insurance
Great! When can we expect to see a great plan?
only if you're rich. The rest of us will suffer
#fuckyouloser
how did that work out for you, Tiny Hands?

try again, Loser. Maybe this time you'll fix it instead of starting over?
Trump = telling Titanic passengers that shit-sandwiches will be served in the main dining room in 1 hour.
Is that why 20 million will be cut off ?
how did that work out for you?
Feeling a little over your head Donny boy? You may not be able to see over your ego, but all of us can.
@freedmeto I'm so sadden by the way our own senators and Congressmen turned agains we the people, the ones who voted 4 them
IT WAS 7 WONDERFUL YEARS, ARE YOU JUST LISTENING TO YOUR RICH FRIENDS AND GOP?
and your any better like seriously your pathetic
I appreciate you
drumpf stop the madness thank goodness OBAMACARE is here to stay 7yrs and your party did nothing
Your plan doesn't  cover the majority of us.
24 million would lose insurance, 30K deaths/year yet you both stand there lying on how great it was! Shameful.
- YOU FAILED!  You FAIL AT EVERYTHING YOU DO.  Daddy isn't here to fix when you fail America. #FAKEPOTUS
yup and you try to pass a plan FAR WORSE than Obamacare.
No The AFFORDABLE CARE ACT, allowed me to BUY ins that my employer doesn't offer. Expensive ins is still cheaper than death
@KatrinaPierson except it was a shit bill, u never read your team didnt either and the GOP is eating itself alive
@seanspicer we will stop shaking our heads when the lies stop.
You know, your mom is a big liar. She said that she never makes the same mistake twice... then you brother was born
how incredibly embarrassing. Epic fail, dude. Epic.
the health care is great, its the cost because no one is increasing the pool and REPUB governors have sabotaged state plans
How'd that "chance for a great plan" go? Looks like your "plan" wasn't so "great", just like you. #jerkwadslimeball
the republicans control everything n we couldn't do it we r becoming a joke to the world
Do you even know what the premiums are? The deductible?
If brains were made of gold, you and your family would be beggars.
Great plan that sucks for most of your citizens. How is the skiing in Aspen?
Delusional you are this was a bullshit idea doomed from the beginning.
obviously you plan sucks!
the entire political system is failing. For the people , of the people,and by the people, since when. I havnt seen it yet
