Sounds like a bully to me and what if he doesn’t? what will you do blow him off the face of the earth because you want this to be your pet project of accomplishment 
This tweet aged well and worked!
I agree with you. Klm isn't reliable. He is a liar like his father. His regime should be judged by God. I believe God will save the christians and people of North Korea tortuered and persecuted by his regime.
Bot ulism
Here is a president that truly cares about our protection. Here is a president the wiped out ISIS, here is a president that I-a 19 year old college student-can feel, and a feeling I have never felt before, safe. Truly safe. Thank you Mr. @realDonaldTrump you are truly an American
Kim Jong Un now wants to talk peace and was not giving anything. Unlike other Presidents who tried to bribe NOKO failed.  President TRump called the bluff of Kim.  
Good work!
Love you!!! Help us at Dangerous http://trailers.org  please I am going down
Bot
putho
Your computer program failed bot
jochhh hoy perdón señorrrr pero usted no tiene el derecho para desatar una guerra al igual k el norcoreano respetesennn y ya dejen sus mamadas k parecen niñoss
Bot trying to talk to Trumps Spanish base

What is seen cannot be unseen...
Now,, Come on boys.. Put your toys away and stop risking the lives of innocent people on both sides #rulingclassproblems
I love you trump
You are the aggressor no other, with the shootem tootin cowboy way! You’ve created a white suprematist world rogue state hell bent on war regardless of its consequences!
you were quoted by @NBCNews
you were quoted by @NBCNews
Locked and loaded... With ifs, wills and talks?
Hey trump
Mr.president.  I see that you hire people that have no qualifications or experience... Is their possibly a job in the white house or somewhere I could apply?
I’d go for his lawyer Cohen. He’s giving out his own personal cash..
If the United States doesn't stop N. Korea now, the world will pay a far greater debt in the future.
Wow do you feel really cool saying "locked and loaded" old man? Nuclear war isn't cool
How far up you ass did you have to search to come to that conclusion of him "trying to be cool?"
Haasi ma funnies kkkk

Just not sure how POTUS is allowed to post that the Death Star is in firing position on Twitter. Like shouldn't that shit be a secret.
you got this.....
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will...
You suck so bad.
And for Christmas this year Mr. President I am sending you a "Do Not Resuscitate" Bracelet!
Kim Jong Un will be reunited with his father and grandfather very soon. The world will soon see what the MAGA movement is all about!
Libetards ur non american values&idealogy of society is weakening. Do the U.S & yourself a favor and head North. Trump 2020, 7 yrs to go
Sorry u feel that way,our U.S is infected wit Foreign insurgents.I know insurgents! The Obama fairytale of living is over! No more freebies
ur right, this chart show reality, our reality,  reality that is making our country great. People like u either accept it or get the F out.
I will stand with you if ever needed as an RN! It would be an honor to have you as my Commander in Chief! #PresidentTrump

Well this is super scary...
Aren't you a tough guy? Glad to know "military solutions" are finally in place. We've had them for decades, just not a blow-hard-in-chief.
Wanna make some easy money online?
Click here: http://virl.ink/lyOqnr0WYv 
Mr. Trump PLEASE NUKE N.Korea!
Thank you!
Thanks. Feeling very secure about you tweeting us into nuclear war. Great. Real leading here.
Implementation of Communism you can't afford Warning  North Korea
Why is Trump not banned from Twitter for making threats of violence against another country?
Still talking!!!!!!!!!!
You are in need of Mental assistance
You stupid clown you gonna destroy planet earth !!!

I think you're crazy.
Idiot.
There is something wrong with you, no smart person would keep playing with this man! #TakeTwitterFromTrump
Are you really POTUS or just a bad dream?
#TwittershutdownTrump
All these remarks are useless... Relax... Kim will not attack.
Time to stop warning the North Korean KrAcKpoT.
What would Nike do?
北朝鮮が非現実的に行動すれば、軍事的解決策は完全に整備され、施錠され積み込まれる。金正日（キム・ジョンイル）氏がもう一つの道を開くことを願っている！
Now I just hope Russia comes up with a good plan for fixing Trump & Kim's mess... The boys in the sandbox only see to the tip of their noses
you have been saying this. we need action.
You're going to kill us all...while you hide in your secured bunker. God help us
I really don't like you, actually I despise you. But you need to smoke this fool. 
@SenJohnMcCain doesn't seem to agree with you.  He has military experience, you don't.  Maybe you should listen to him.
Trump made it clear if they threaten u.s again the u.s would respond with fire and fury.Since, in17days they launched 2 icbm+ 1 Hydrg-nuke!?
Remember fire and fury?Trump said if N.korea threat u.s again... just today north korea threaten to reduce the u.s into ashes...again! So,?
Okay so let's announce it all over social media..... smh
Bf
We do not won't no war 3 please for get about it trying make friends with them lol  thanks you
You could send a C5 to Miami to evacuate the rest of the people stranded at the airport. Much love and appreciation
End daca
u want to die. you think this threat is a game, oh wait, the entire presidency is a game
President trump have u thought about improving the veterans hospitals and open them up for uninsured
It is time to end Kim Jong Un, we cannot allow him to continue jeopardizing the safety of nations to test WMDs
Wipe him an his army off the map put a end too this talking  his like a dog with rabbies you cant do nothing with them but put them down
World waiting now...unless, of course, the 'military solutions' @POTUS referred was a bluff. 
H-bomb testing must qualify as 'unwisely act'.
Great  prez  we have well done
Love u trump
Damned if you do, damned if you don't
You are a fool.
Yeah. When you see a mousey you just get really focused and you wait for it to make one little move so you can pounce. I know how you feel.
Go.  They already did act unwisely, as they have clearly done for over 5 years now.
China is acting thru NKorea to intimidate,attack with increasing impunity.Before the menace reaches critical level,US shud act to destroy it
Kim is not very wise and maybe its time the USA takes him out.
Elle a raison et elle a le droit de se défendre tu est qui pour interdire aux autres ce que tu fais toi .la loi de la force c'est finit
Text him .... See what the story is... Your welcome.
Who hate our Pres get a grip. The world is "f"d up not practicing innocence & stupidity. Our Pres will not starts it but he will finish it!!
to who hate our President. He is facing the enemy. Kim sends missiles over Japan.Their people took shelters. Kim is the aggressor not Pres
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
And?
Your doing a hell of a good job proud of you!
Were they not before?
I mean, you're gonna find yourself a few thousand bodies down soon if you have it your way, right?
yeah, we know HE is "loaded" with SHIT (August 11, 2017; 7:29 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
so, we're "LOCKED & LOADED...," (August 11, 2017; 7:29 EDT) #NORTHKOREA #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
"FAIL" 4 ALL hashtags here (August 11, 2017; 7:29 EDT) #NORTHKOREA #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Cry "Havoc," and let slip the dogs of war. -- William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar, Act III, Scene 1
Yes, straight to your house.  Get the whole family together
hi are you the real Trump ?
Hows the War Profiteering in Afghanistan going? I thought that was a crime. Oh,sorry, forgot who i was talking to. A thief!
Mr. President, we love you. Keep your eye on North Korea. They have never been trust worthy. They are more dangerous than ever.
John mccain and kerry no heros  liers
So true
The real crooks but the brain dead didnt hear that
Thank you!
Lots of foreign nationals here including US civilians, can we get a lift or borrow some guns & ammo, gas mask would be nice
Please shut Trump... you're like a raging lunatic!! Causing problems that aren't needed...
I' don't think K.J/Un is a stable person, anyone that can kill off his family, or disagree, even watching US. TV is killed.
Better or all his people in this country will be put on notice
U. S. Military action plans for N. Korea have been in place 65+ YEARS & updated REGULARLY. Not your plan
We burundians also stand whith american president because we are all proud of him
Proud of him 4 Wat?
You're a world's leader because of your fighting against islamic terrorist movements,your a very and very powerful president
I will pray for your kids. You are lost. May God have pity on you and all your followers
you were quoted in an article by @TechCrunch
Back free speech much Valerie?
Is this really the appropriate forum to put this information out. A wise man uses discretion.  Praying for you and your family.
We do not want another war!!!'n
What at all this wrong with this fake heartless man you need a counselor Trump I see that you are a beast not human
Hmmmm
I wish we could just get all our military home and buy whatever we need on the open market. It would be cheaper.
朝鲜邪恶政权的存在是文明社会的耻辱！这个顽疾希望您解决它！
…and now I feel much safer. Like the ceo of Enron sayin “its all good just ride it with me & you’ll be golden.” Fuck
U 1st do d Clint Eastwood-->https://youtu.be/V7Nci-GVuHE  Line up ships off #NorthKorea-->https://youtu.be/XdJY3-H9rEg  Then Tillerson do #diplomacy
your Tweet was quoted by @USATODAY
Surely the top brass can ban trump off twitter
he is one big embarrassment looking for a war 
that only he wants   ban him
We do need peace.U.S.A
 you trump
wish we can have a peace world
NOT QUITE. I UNDERSTAND THAT OUR AIR FORCE NEEDS SOME SERIOUS OVERHAUL.
I am 15 and I'm really scared because I dont want to get bombed and it scares me so much I love my family alot and i dont want to lose them
Natalie, you are not alone. Be close to your family.
Just bomb them and get it over with
That leader seems to be psychotic... Not to trust
Aren't you the guy that said you wouldn't warn the enemy?
Keep up the good work Trump! I appreciate you and your incredibly experienced team!
Steve Bannon, one of your advisors, of @BreitbartNews said THERE IS NO MILITARY SOLUTION to N Korea. So...?
And He did! Thank You Pres Trump for standing up to NoKo!
Terrible!!!!!
대한민국 문재인 대통령과 민주당 의원들이 전쟁반대와 과거 부터 지금까지 미군 주둔을  강력히 반대하며 전작권 환수를 바라는 인물들입니다 그리고 평화 협상이란 제목으로 북한에 몰래 막대한 자금과 기술적 물자 지원을 은밀히 하고있는 것으로 알고있습니다.
@realDonaldTrump Hopefully Donald Trump will find another path! Ýou are totally insane, Mr Trump. Two wrong do not make one right..
Saying that he will defend the country if Kim attacks is "a wrong?!"
Try expanding your vocabulary first and then work toward peaceful negotiations!
The menace of NKorea is a permanent threat to US and world peace that needs to be neutralized and evil destroyed.
Firmness with Yoga of knowledge and karmayogi along the path of action is the hour of your decision.-M Rajagopal
You need to make it plain that your not promoting neonazi or any such group. Your trying to gather all the facts.
How is this related to this Tweet?
Southern people are proud people. President Trump sometimes people take NYERS the wrong way. NYers are a different breed.
The president should make it clearly known that your not with neo nazi's but there were innocent people their trying to save their history.
Unless you are going to be on the front line, you have no right to give military orders.
You and your bone spurs should resign.
Actually, if you can please open your history book, you will find that, wait a minute?! Most US Presidents or world leaders in general, are not on the front lines? He has every right to give military orders.
Resign
I was hoping you would find another path.
#behindOURpresident
Wow... Just wow.
Why in hell do you post this for public consumption. Wouldn't the element of surprise be better?
A.K.A "Go ahead make my day"
Do not start another war we can not afford it. Pay off the old war debts first. Do not sink to level of lunatic dictators.
Your mouth should be locked & blocked since its loaded with crap
More likes than comments. Snow babies lose again
Hail
Jesus Christ get a grip
always believed that lot of the trouble in the world would disappear if we were talking 2 each other instead of about each other
R Reagan
C'mon Don, we all know your 'military solutions' are slang for jello eating skills.
May is the end of american time
Primera vez que tengo Twitter y lo abrí solo para enviarle a usted. Se que es un señor muy ocupado. Pero solo usted nos puede ayudar. :(
Venezuela lo necesita señor presidente. Por favor ayúdenos. No nos olviden. Ya está bueno de tanto daño y dolor. Que mi Dios le bendiga
Soy venezolana y vivo en España desde hace poco más de 1 año. Pero tengo la certeza de que usted sacará a maduro y sus cómplices de mi país
Señor presidente Venezuela tiene sus esperanzas puestas en usted. No nos abandone. Confío que Dios le iluminará para que libere  a Venezuela
Bino kaka boye. Longola Masolo oyo awa. Botika pe koyiba bomengo na biso RDC pona koala minduki Wana.
朕之大清乃天朝上国，吾等蛮夷可知
One question Mr. President, you believe in god or man?
So your solution to dealing with a guy with a stick is to threaten him with another stick... did you or did you not pass kindergarten
Wow
Locked and loaded? That's serious rhetoric.
"Good job president"
PROTECTING LIVES and FREEDOM  PRAYING FOR PEACEFUL RESOLUTION
