Arent u worried about Muehler impeaching u?George Webb says what will happen in fall. He gave Comey and McCabe complete immunity!
Mueller can't impeach anyone and Republicans won't do it. Trump is safe.
I hope you are right but I don't trust Muehler, McCabe or Comey.we know how they can frame.look what they did to Flynn.RINOs not dependable
I do trust him...I do not trust ones wanting to bring him down....the way Mueller was appointed to Special Council when there no crime
It will all work out.
Creating jobs upsets liberals. They prefer everyone but the elites to be on welfare. Well done Mr. President #MAGA
Awwwww!! So nice!  Unfortunately you’ll have to thank them from jail
You committed #TREASON & you will PAY FOR IT. You will be arrested & spend the rest of your miserable life rotting in jail
Or... or... He will turn around the Nation with more jobs, higher stock markets&cheaper gasoline prices... Wait, he's already done that...

Nice!
The unhinged lefties that comment on Trumps tweets are why he won. Keep it up looooooooosers.
Thank you, @Samsung! We would love to have you! https://www.axios.com/trump-effect-samsung-may-build-u-s-factory-2233101986.html …...
So does that mean you will be making your suits ties & shirts in the USA? Probably not. $ over citizens.
Obama was never gainfully employed other than running a school newsletter, he was less qualified than @realDonaldTrump #45>44
I MAY win the lottery.

Don't take credit for this.   This was being encouraged by the Obama administration 3 years ago and Samsung, not Trump, caused it to happen.
Mr. President u r doing great things for America! Patriots r united n support for u! Keep up the great work while left keeps imploding!
Thank you For putting #AmericaFirst #Jobs #MAGA
Support #Samsung
You know...it is a touch odd that you want factory jobs yet want to destroy Americas education with Betsy DeVos.
Betsy is a billionaire buddy with zero experience in education. 
billionaire w/ zero experience.  They are two little peas
it's time to stop the welfare and social security to illegal immigrants and refugees .,pass a bill PLZ ASAP

US Treasury, without Congressional knowledge, just lifted sanctions on Russia #FSB http://bit.ly/2klMPJD  
#apprentice
Four people have been charged with treason by Russia for passing on secrets to US intelligence, defense lawyer says http://ln.is/money.cnn.com/2017/0/SAlEl …
Why lift sanctions on Russia's FSB? Oh, yeah. Putin owns you.
#theResistance
I guess we know the answer to this. #TheResistance
Winter is coming, y'all.
Agree with regulatory measures to be sure their phones don't explode and catch people on fire.
they're building a factory to make appliances not phones or batteries.
Thank you. My mistake.
What was not said in this article & we know now, is this company& LG (who by the way was considering before you came) said it 2 Shut you up
trump pls we need factories in africa.pls nigerian government are not building the nation.am jackson
they can come here now that their shit is literally blowing up? No thanks.
Did you even read this?  "These moves may not add up to significant job growth, but it's hard to beat the PR."
let's make it clear, those whom were violant at berckly are anarchist professional rioters. Read the news
You realize this has nothing to do with you, right? You didn't make this happen.
your mind sucks
Go President Trump!!
@POTUS @samsung tablets and smartphones made in America thank you both perfect
Boycott Samsung no new electronics
On the table since the Obama administration, so no cookies for you, Donnie!
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
This is an accomplishment. It's important to know that more jobs are lost to autonomous machines than to outsourcing
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
trump effect,? Seriously???
there's no such thing as a Trump Effect.
Keyword: May.
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'd be glad to do so for you.
did @samsung tell you that factory will have <20% of the # of workers thanx to digitization! Otherwise it won't pay.
Great! Go for it, Pres Trump! We are with you,!
can we play Note 7 roulette?
Hey maybe they can use the Nanotech bldg @SUNYPolyInst in Utica, NY!! Plenty of brains who need jobs there!
more jobs  or manufacturing is always a good thing. Hang in there Mr President! A lot of us with you
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
@SharonMcCutchan @samsung @axios please see @nikkihaley regarding possibly locations.
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
you are a great POTUS
Dude stop acting like a girl. My bad, forgot you are one!
has literally nothing to do with you.
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
Congratulations, confidence is growing and so is the stock market. You are all we hoped for and more!
marghody 1 mobile ye darky ta share ki sumbey
January 21, 2017, was the high point of the "presidency" of Donald Trump!!
may is the operative word!
Stop taking credit or CEO's who actually know how to run a company.
"MAY" come back. I count my chickens when they hatch.
LIAR
kewl
Funny, this post has turned into a discussion on Putin`s ass.  Not something most people want to envision.
@DrMichaelMcEvoy @samsung @axios Should be able to attract many smaller Japanese companys away from their earthquake areas
Samsung is not even a US company!
@CO Grandma you are as delusional as trump and that's pretty bad
Would be fine if they would hire American workers and not foreigner or illegals....but this will not happen
You're on vacation already? 
Bravo Bravo!! Thanks to President Trump.
you're going to let phones that explode. In the U.S., but don't let Muslims in ? 
they're building a factory to make appliances not phones or batteries.
samsung 
Samsung if you do it would be the biggest mistake you ever made.
STOP DESTROYING US
thank you ladies!
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
Gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
CNN needs to stop disrespecting the president. They haven't even taken time out to understand how Trump operate.
Another win for you Mr President!
Bearing in mind this idea has likely been in the works much longer than two weeks. Not Trump's credit to take.
You are the reason people are blind
wonderful news
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
Donnie, when are you going to fix your Orange Egg Avatar ?
Or is that your new trademark?
What are going to be the environmental impact of having this kind of manufacturing here?
Mr. T. Learn to look beyond your decisions and your words. This insight can keep you from mistakes!!
selling S7 Edge for $1  going with a different type of phone now.
@TeresaEllison18 @samsung @axios #ThankYouTrump @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #MAGA
you probs paid them
i really like my s6 edge!
jee bee yong #bad #arrested #corrupcion #chicomalo upsss
@Kkk1268Kim @samsung @axios Apple we would love to have you!!
Great!   Let's get these jobs going for Americans!!!!!!
this is great news!!!
Is it going to build a bomb factory?
Dude stop acting like a girl. My bad, forgot you are one!
@TrumpWhiteHouse @samsung @axios u
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
wonderful. Love Samsung
Personally, don't know about that...bc..many Korean,taxpayers,US citizen,green card feel unsafe to go abroad trip
Does Samsung have products that can survive a nuclear winter?
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
Is that even a legit website? Or an "alternative site". The only effect you have had on us is DOOM
throws phone into fire
Your teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when you smile
at end of 10 yr tax exemption n MS., Nissan threatened to close up, so they got extension after extension.
the more the merrier stay the course and maybe Samsung can give the paid naysayers a real job
WOO-HOO! Keep it coming Mr. President
Trump you know they already are here right?
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind.
then I would be proud for you to be my PRESIDENT Don't listen to the haters - u could be so  great!
I hope so and I will buy the products.  you Trump!
Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
yeah...about that... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/2017/02/09/samsung-factory-made-note-7-batteries-catches-fire/ …
too bad all those uneducated folks you promised jobs to won't be able to fix the robots doing those said jobs.
Keep up the great work Mr. President!
Women think about sex every 7 seconds. Just not with you.
Can someone send this guy a Galaxy Note 7 in the post please? Thanks
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
Why? @samsung @axios
clean the swamp
Thank the South Korean Company. Now move Trump Label and Steel back to USA. Crazy POTUS
Be certain the "extreme vetting" they're doing is of this WH.
Why all bickering? Give Trump a chance. If you were my kids I'd give you about 8 years of time out.
don't care for Samsung... cheap components in their TVs
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
What on God's green earth are #alternatefacts ?! Pull your silly heads out!
that would look good on you Don. Keep the jobs in America. Keep doing what you are doing. Election promises
Hey, Russia called – they want their idiot back.
I have all Samsung appliances, tablets and cell phone. Beautiful.
can you actually hold a Samsung phone with your tiny hands?
lol doesn't he hate China lmao this man really needs to review what he says more
wow that would be awesome
are they bringing the child sweatshop labor too?
Love the Trump !!! Keep doing a GREAT job.
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
mr.president usage samsung instead apple 
I want to March with my friends to tell the world we love our President .
if sum1 said something negative about you is it automatically "fake?" Because ur a special snowflake that can do no wrong?
since S. Korea's president is getting impeached, why not move on to a new victim?
You’ll never be the man your mother is.
Yes, build in #America & mayb ur products wont B CRAP anymore so tripleWIN
trump and reza pahlavi save world #Rezapahlavi
Hopefully put on of those dodgey S7s near his face.
Scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons and electrons. They forgot to mention morons.
Eww, gross. Have them in camera filled room, like your pee hookers were in
I like the sound you make when you shut up.
