It is legal for an employer to refuse to hire snowflakes. They cry 4 imaginary rights, yet do not represent a legal class
Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrai...
q11qaqq
Day honoring   the farmers ..work hard
I am not one of your nay sayers and I am happy to hear this but, I do worry about GOM do you have anything in your agenda to control this?
hhhhhhhj
Aha
@realDonaldTrump SUPPORT THE AMERICAN HEMP INDUSTRY!  
@mrsgondola Free the Hammond family Obumas apptd judge "imprisoned" 4 their 700 ac ranch. A 1999 case. They R Not Guilty!
You know nothing of farmers and ranchers. #AmericasWorst
Best Wishes sir. Best of luck .God Bless you and your friends. Take care Always.
what do you know about our nation's fabric? All of yours is imported from China. #shutupandshowyourtaxes
Yes. We did get off of our tractors ,as the  Democrats sarcastically said, and we voted. For You. #MAGA 
We certainly did :)
@JamesComeyFBI Why doesn't Comey excuse himself? He can't do the job correctly. Obama fan I'm sure
Remember, you're one of the most hated people to have ever lived.
By Globalist fascist like you . AGREED
No longer forgotten? Thank you Mr. President!
farmer needs to put in front of their tractors
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #MadeInTheUSA
And after tomorrow you will lose your healthcare coverage ENJOY 
Psalm 20:4
May He grant you according to your heart’s desire, And fulfill all your purpose.
.@realdonaldtrump
yeah but your denial of climate change and budget cuts will adversley affect the agriculture and farmers you speak of
I'm surprised you mentioned farmers on #NationalAgDay.. Its just that you forgot to mention the Jews on Holocaust Day Bad!
so easy to tell when someone else's writing your post for you. SAD!
You suryly knotty-clawed puttock
- OF COURSE, so: help remedy climate change for them!  Get us off pesticides, aka FOSSIL FUEL.  Time for PRO-LIFE w/out FF.
Farmers and ranchers of TX, OK, & KS are in dire need of America's help. #wildfire
You're the BEST PRESIDENT GOD BLESS we finally have someone who really cares about Americans n stand by what's right
Thank you for your hard work. You seem to have a lot of people wasting their own time replying to your tweets.


From the American Farm Bureau:
From the National Farmer's Union:
The President of the National Farmer's Union:
From http://Agriculture.com :
Let's be clear here, farming will be affected by a 21% drop in USDA funding:
دوخت العالم يا رجال 
وين تريد توصل فهمنا. .. لكن تعجبني قوتك وشخصيتك
I would ask that you review the budget where cuts are made towards agriculture, and consider impact of tariffs on food sold
Political opponents have attack the President's promises to deliver NECESSARY CHANGES in rural areas that he will help.
you certainly supply enough bullshit to keep those fields fallow
yes they truly are the backbone of this country. My hat's off to each of you. Thank you.
Thank you. I'm a farmer and working outside today in the heat of March. Global warming is a huge threat to all of us.
that is why you won't protect the land and water! Tweeting doesn't make u a good guy
Yep and im sure mexicans did a lot of work there...
...By cutting 4.7 billion in spending.  Less food, unclean water(less EPA), more dead people.  The plan is working great.
Haha! You said farmers and ingrained. And here I thought you had no sense of humor other than your hairstyle.
I love you President Trump! Thank you for giving up a billionaire lifestyle to help a nation in great need of awakening.
he hasn't given it up... You're just paying for it now  #maralago
your current budget destroys the Great Lakes possibly causing severe harm to the residents living along its shores
#Trumpneedstogetlaid
If you cared, you wouldn't be slashing agriculture-related budgets
Governator says your ratings suck 
You have never worked an honest day in your life!!!! Hear that..... I think it's the door to your jail cell. ::CLANK::
I am not losing sleep. I just really enjoy THINKING! YOU SHOULD TRY IT!
so many paid trolls, pretty sad actually.
thank u 4 planting seeds in a our nation. 4 encouraging us to b fruitful + productive. God bless America with wisdom + love
well at least you gave them a day after you took their healthcare away #smallhandedswine
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS The Unreal Donald Trump should read this.
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @GOP
"Nixon was a far less dangerous man than Donald Trump," Carl Bernstein says. He “lies in a way we've never seen a president of the US lie” 
Maybe if you actually cared about the farmers, you wouldn't massively cut the agriculture budget?
Also, I find it funny how every single one of your congratulatory tweets are via "Twitter for iPhone" #FakeTrump
Also, your climate budget cuts will destroy the very middle-American farmers who voted for you…
https://www.epa.gov/climate-impacts/climate-impacts-agriculture-and-food-supply …
Will Trump's budget cuts be detrimental or beneficial to our climate and, by extension, US agriculture?
Automation transformed fulfillment centers in just years… imagine what it'll do to agriculture
Today is #NationalAgDay & there's no better way to honor our farmers than this video! @realDonaldTrump
National Farmer's Union: "It's a good thing it's Congress that writes the budget, not the president."
U wanna make a difference? Get off Twitter, stop harassing ppl who disagree w you, get a job & contribute
America would be nothing without it's farmers!
Farmers are the people who fought in the Revolutionary War to create this great nation.
Trump cares about the average. From farmers, to coal miners, hard working Americans can always count on President Trump!
you need to wake up!  45 is concerned about his wealthy friends!  Not those of us in the middle class!!
those "wealthy people" are the ones that employ millions of people and move economic progress forward.
Wealthy do not spend as much on necessities as middle low income. Sheer numbers.
One rich guy, buying one yacht will spend more in sales tax than I will pay my entire life in Federal income tax.
I don't know where you live but the sales tax here is 8%that's pretty low if you ask me
eventually, there won't be any agriculture left if you continue to deny 99 per cent of all scientists on climate change.
but that is beside the point. No-one wants to talk agriculture today. They want to talk about the FBI investigation.
Can you remember when you said Hillary shouldn't be president while under investigation for her emails?


Don't waste your air. 45 tells them to eat a shit sandwich, they will

FBI INVESTIGATING TRUMP TEAM.  Let's talk REALITY.
WE STAND UNITED BEHIND @realDonaldTrump #TRUMPTRAIN UNITE
We all must unite yes
farmers and ranchers are the real wealth of america.  Thanks president trump for your attention. 
Yes
resign
It's won't work. We tried that with Obama and Bush, but they only doubled down.
but what would you do if you had a brain?
Very clever. No brain is required to regurgitate propaganda or lick corporatist/globalist boots.
exactly what you're doing. Shamelessly worshipping a coward who has lived in a golden tower all his life.
A "coward" that sacrificed his lifestyle to serve the people, and withstood the relentless assault.
lol no he's a coward.plain and simple . Didn't u c him run away from a cardboard sign in nevada
Such a coward that he risked his life, fortune, and privacy and deflected 17 opponents.
Need Fed investigation of Oregon Bureau of Land Mgmt, Sheriff Wade & Gov for murder of LaVoy Finicum & jailing of Hammonds!
Your actions do not back your words.
Yes, bring our country back to real farming! We need laws to support local farmers not Agribusiness who destroy our seeds!
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
Think we can get a mention about all the Ag losses from wild fires across Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas on #NationalAgDay?
- We are all praying for you Mr President.   Watch your back.
you honor no one except yourself.
Does @realDonaldTrump get someone to tell him what "day" it is every day, so he looks like he's working & distract his voters from RUSSIA?
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'd be glad to do so for you.
So stop destroying their lands and lands of Native Americans! No pipelines across their lands!
Don't look now!
You're such a phoney!
u r a liar, u care 4 no one but ur self, u colluded with Russia 2 steal the election & will pay 4 ur crimes. #Crookeddon
Agriculture Day! Gee, how appropriate, considering  all the manure you've been shoveling at us.
NAZI
as you cut the budget, I'm sure they will appreciate that shallow gesture.
Who do you think is the best comedy team? ME? I think it's your parents....they made the biggest joke!
yes because they are the ones Who voted u
is it true twitter is going down? Please say it isn't so!
BEST WORKERS ARE US-Russian miners & children - sometimes we need to be open to hard working peoples and get over politics!
I thought you weren't going to golf like Obama did?
don't forget the pipeline deal you signed and the great people who taught us how to farm. #Hypocrisy
wHEN i wAS a YOunG BoY My fATHER TOoK Me IntO THe cITY to SEE A MArcHIng bAND
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Yep all those farmers that due to you and the swamp will be starving by next year.
Any comment about the Bundy Ranch situation?
"ingrained" ... I get it. Wait, do you? 
... by taking away healthcare. #russiagate #yemengate #lyingdonny #crookeddonny #impeachtrump #trumpyouarefired
RELEASE YOU TAX RETURNS
#Trump is the great president
you don't give a damn about anyone but yourself
bacon and eggs
You've already screwed them over.
Just not in our budget?  Shameless.
do they know that you're screwing them?
You dont honor anyone but yourself and your family People re facing that fact by how low your approval rate is PEOPLE DONT TRUST YOU
you wouldn't know how to honor anybody if it kicked you in the head.
how? By eminent domain? Taking good farmland to destroy it for your pipelines the majority hates?
yes that is good job
the exact people who get screwed over by #Trumpcare
Don't forget their genocide

FAKE National Day of Agriculture! Hypocrite! You are doing a TREMENDOUS job of shitting on America
Thank you Farmers. You keep us breathing.
i'm sure you'll figure out a way to ruin them too
Try naming three of either.
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
and a dying breed once again, now that mining and oil interests can pollute the water supply.
john Wayne another coward
as a rancher, I thank you; and I look forward to COOL'S big comeback!
you Honor them by taking away the money they need
farmers are the backbowwwwne of our society
You were hired to rid America of illegal allians and to build "the wall".  You were also hired to repeal obamacare. ??
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
please help patriot ranchers who protested at Malheur..they are being railroaded and much worse! http://redoubtnews.com/2017/03/24/judge-navarro-says-defendants-3-rights/ …
.@realDonaldTrump we honor them by making health care much more expensive & harder 2 access for rural communities??
Leftists will have a hard time when they pass from this life & realize they were wrong, & get punished for it!
- I hope that you'll be getting around to that $1 Trillion in new spending on infrastructure that you promised soon...
How could u talk about American Steel 4 pipeline, LAST NITE, when U APPROVED RUSSIAN STEEL 4 IT WEEKS AGO.Liar & Hypocrite!
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
and they were all IMMIGRANTS!!!!!!
can we also acknowledged the pollution and erosion that most big industrial farmers cause to land & water?
Do you have a day set to honor our great American underground coal miners, buggy whip weavers and VCR repair technicians?

Nunes 'Unmasking' Report Vindicates Trump Claims on Surveillance - Breitbart http://bit.ly/2mtzfIi  via @BreitbartNews
right on. Check out "eat right for your blood type" can't deny it
And in the fat rolls around your belly after scarfing down all those Big Macs! You don't know beans about hard work.
Trump is destroying farmers and ranchers.
thank you Mr President for honoring us, the farmers of the US!
It's very "interesting" that it seems no one knows anything about it. It didn't happen in an urban area so.....
Wide Open Spaces...We love you in Southern Arizona Mr. President. 
everybody knows when your daughter Ivanka is tweeting as you because you sound sane for a change. Give her the Oval Office.
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
We surely do, and We don't appreciate Monsanto in USDA or your favoritism to big Ag.  Out you go!
IMPEACH! IMPEACH! IMPEACH! Karma is catching up with you for ALL the bad ways you've treated people in the past! SUFFER!
I thought you made a clever pun with "ingrained" but then the mixed metaphor about fabric revealed it was just bad writing.
millions of democrats are behind trump and we are happy to have him as our president.we are behind him 100%
My farmer son would like to keep his current health care and so would most of his farmer neighbors.
THEN CAN YOU HELP THOSE LOSING CATTLE TO THE WILDFIRES???
You're ingrained like fleas on a dog. #idiotinthewhitehouse @dccc @POTUS44
then why are you hurting them w/your budget & messing with #NATO, #NAFTA which helps sell produce
Realise Trump that a man of greed n no character or dignity or principle, sounds like a fool when they say they are not.
#Guilty
