which you did what to secure? demonstrate ignorance of the constitution and being a grade A SALESPUKE? #grandjury #indictment #now #traitor
Did you negotiate this? The answer is no but you surexlije taking credit. #snakeoilsalesman
You REALLY think American Citizens believe Mueller called you to tell you that you're innocent? Another of your imaginary phone calls! LIAR!

Again. Nothing to do with you
Good job Sir
3 Years, 5 Months, 16 Days, 6 Hours, 57 Minutes, and 36 Seconds
You'll need to add 4 years to that :-)
...back-stabbing Republican traitors are mot your friends. In fact, they (Senate republicans) are your worst enemy.
Mr. President. Please make it your mission to advocate for these Republican rinos to be primaried out of office, or u may end up with dems.
#FELONYFRIDAY!!!!  IMPEACH TRUMP!!!

Please fire MCMaster!!
Oh good. When is the Trump organization going to move operations to the United States?
Comrade Trump, Grand Jury !!!
Wouldnt that be Japanese manufacturing?
MAGA
MRGA
Stock Mkt/Dow Down - Dollar still down!
Good morning! Thank you for fighting the good fight for THE PEOPLE. 
Yes, foreign car companies invest and build here because of oppressive big government regulations, which are GOOD for America!
Oh Goody!  Hope you'll be able to admire them from your cell in Leavenworth!  #MAGA when you #impeachTrump  
#MAGA  lock him up!  
Eh. People are buying fewer and fewer cars. Very twentieth century.
Lord ....is trumps nose growing yet?

And thousands of Jobs have been cut too!
Pretty soon your job will be cut as well, once this comes to light http://ir.net/news/politics/126520/report-trump-allegedly-procured-young-girls-russian-organized-crime/ …
Just because you are President doesn't mean you get a free pass at committing crimes!
We the people demand that you give this man his job back!
Second that notion
I'll third it. 22nd Amend is a clumsy shortcut to do what an informed citizenry should be able to do on its own: oust bad leaders.
Realistically, only Presidents who cld have won third term since it was instituted are Eisenhower, Reagan (*alzheimers), Clinton & Obama.
pooping again?
Good morning! It's Mueller Time!
You know Fridays are the best days for things to break, right? Thursday was only warm-up. IT'S FRIDAY!
Oh, and you made the front pages again. Congrats!
Why are you up at 6am? Nightmares? It's Mueller, isn't it?
No, he gets up, tweets, and goes to work for us. I love how all your eggs are in one Mueller basket.
It's more Trumps eggs being in Mueller's ball crushing vice. I love how you think Trump will get out of it.
What is there to get out of? He's completely innocent. After the grand jury fails, you'll try to find more #fakescandals
You just keep telling yourself that. Keep watching Fox and make sure you keep on top of everything with Breitbart. It won't change anything.
How many Presidents have been ousted through grand jury and impeachment proceedings. Which house does impeachment begin?
Thank you! #MAGA I definitely give credit when and where it is do.
Pity it's a deal Obama setup nothing to do with humdy trumpty
Thank you, Mr. President. We love you and your jobs plan.
Ha, ha, grand jury and Kushners green cards....time is running out for you.  Tweet away while you can
How many coal miners did you send back to work today?  How's the coal industry doing? That's what I thought...
coal jobs - lies . carrier jobs - lies. you have a history of tweeting about job gains that don't exist or don't happen. kindly F.R.O
AMC has to rise to 30 USD again
Not so fast 45 ... Your a liar let them announce it first. Even kids know not to listen to you...
Mr. Trump...FIRE MUELLER AND HIS POSSE PLEASE
You shame the world
Let me guess, you're going golfing again this weekend.
@ConradBfx @PatrioticBrits @JewhadiTM @Pamela_Moore13 Ouch!
That's great news. A President will be judged on his actions.

Trump blames sanctions + the U.S. Congress representing voters

Not Putin

Why?
More deflection

Trump White House attacked the Statue of Liberty

"Fake News" NY Post

Taxpayers are paying Trump's own resort - paying Trump
How is this allowed?  He is making money when he goes to his own place!
The Republican way
how so? You're a christian bashing a president thats done more to support the christian faith than any other president in years
So USA is the only country that should never build plants in other countries?
And @POTUS is the #americafirst president whose family makes none of their products in the United States
Let me guess... you are first giving them $6 billion to do so???
Why should we believe a single word that you say any more. You disgusting human. http://ir.net/news/politics/126520/report-trump-allegedly-procured-young-girls-russian-organized-crime/ …
You know what today is ??? RESIGNATION day!!
Go powder your face with some more cheetos.
Japanese* manufacturing
Yep.  Stupid is as stupid does.  You do realize these companies will employ Americans?  And they will also pay taxes here?

Man, you sure proved me wrong.
Game over.


#DrainTheDeepStateNow !!!

We won. Move on.
Map must be fake? It shows Alaska at least 1/3 Blue but Trump won all three electoral votes.
I hope it comes through.
Word is today you seemed to forgot most Japanese-branded cars in the US are manufactured here. What is up?
Cool, I bet you want credit for something they decided before you were even elected huh.
And a wonderful voting result for our Great American Leader!
that's great, those company makes huge profit from USA, with the American spec which are like brands in Nigeria, Africa.
We are very disappointed with Jeff sessions he has to go it's a cover-up
Thanks OBAMA!!!!
Aren't you worried they'll pull a "Carrier" on you? 
Japanese cars are outselling American cars right now. So much for MAGA!
Another great win for America! POTUS winning winning winning it never gets old. America on the rise!
4 000jobs
Now this is a Tweet! Good Job Mr. President kept it coming & build that wall already !!
Like this if you like Hispanics

American Owned is a nice thing too
That's because President Obama saved the Automotive industry!   We are eternally grateful to him!   Thank you # 44 !
Tennessee Knoxville realy bad sir
But you conservatives hate foreign companies and foreigners .
The Great President
What are you doing? Going as far as starting a nuclear war to get out of the trouble you're in? 
Stop it you fool!!!
Well done Mr Trump 
Thank you Mr President!
Lots of presidents hid from justice. "I did not have sexual relations" lied strait in the face of all Americans.
@stavors062 ATTENTION @TurnbullMalcolm
Bring them to Detroit. . .
President Trump keep praising God Elohim seeking his will. You are making so many positive choices for this nation!
Thanks for working hard to bring jobs here! Liberals are ungrateful and disgraceful.
And you are claiming that as your success? You had nothing to do with it, like so many other USA successes!!
Not to mention what Mercedes is doing here in Tuscaloosa, Al. We got yet another manufacturer moving from Germany to here. MBUSI
Negotiated years ago.  Yawn.
They were doing that before you came, pumpkin!
Lies more lies 
Will this be near the carrier plant in Mexico?
Thank u president & Toyota & mazda
Tell them to bring the plants to Wisconsin - We lost our GM Plant in 2008'
You going to put money on your son book when he in prison
When  where?
ALL WE NEED IS TO GET THE WORTHLESS GOP CONGRESS TO DO THEIR JOB.  IF NOT 2018 FOR INCUMBENTS WILL FIRED
I follow anyone who retweets my link please. http://www.gofundme.com/helpfloodplease  #donations #Survivors Thank you all.
yes we know it was a big deal Obama made with the companies in 2014 but you can take credit if you need to feel successful
Thanks to God
If you don't increase immigration you can never get to 3% growth. You need bodies to fill those jobs.
You can thank Obama.
Congress better deliver on substantial corporate tax plans per your agenda or these investments will come to a screeching halt!
But can you manufacture my ass?
Hey @Potus @RealDonaldTrump Tune in to http://MagaOneRadio.net  a dance mix that is helping to #MAGA
Tune in to @DJTheStallion tonight for hot #MAGA  party mix on @MagaOneRadioNet  http://magaoneradio.net  
What if the Japan will try to impose rules that all Japanese companies must bring back their jobs? You're happy when other produces in US?
Yeah and it's all because of you. Right?
I believe that's what you call a job well done Mr. President.
All previous tweets of this nature were blatant falsehoods or touted achievements made by Obama . You've lost any and all credibility.
Thank you Mr. President.
I believe what can be seen you lie tooooo!!!!! Much pathetic
笑:-D
And Fluor just let go 5k.
You going to take credit for something that was planned a couple years ago, come on, stop the bullshit
So many snowflakes bashing Trump. Educate yourself. You have no clue.  Stop watching fake news.
Thanks Obama!
They started planning this partnership back in 2015 genius. You had nothing to do with it!
You are such a liar. #trumpisliarinchief

https://mobile.twitter.com/TonyRenner/status/894055632751525889 …
Tu
Trumps the MAN!!!!! 
Sieg heil nazi fuck
Donald Trump is the hardest - working president in my life time.
At what cost to the U.S. taxpayers?  You are just allowing more H1B visas to TAKE AWAY jobs from U.S. Graduates.
Well that's something
Thanks Obama
助けてください。私はシボレーカマロが欲しい。しかし、価格が高価すぎる。私はシボレーカマロを購入することができない。
@realDonaldTrump you can thank Obama for that. He saved them from crashing and was criticized for it. Now you take the credit. Pompous jerk
Lets hope they use USA contractors and citizens in building these plants.
Great Good Trump
Thats good news, wonderful!
Thank you for all your hard work Pres. OBAMA,job well done.
Where are our plants on Japanese soil?
Until the electric car takes over. It would be nice if you saw passed your noise ones in a while...
FAKE POTUS FarmRs losing Farms. U killed TPP w/o discussion FarmRs panicking.  Fam. Farms failing.  Now NAFTA FarmRs rely on Exports.  COAL?
shut up
Donald great job to you and your team in bringing back American manufacturing! How come we didn't hear this in the news?
Good job ??
Jobs jobs jobs
Thank you so much President Trump. You, your family, Vice President Pence and his family are in my daily prayers
How does this have anything to do with you @realDonaldTrump ? Did you talk to them like you did with Carrier?
Thank You for being a faithful voice for our country and for the jobs you are creating.God has Blessed us to have a strong leader
Fraud J. Trump
Making America great again
Or is this just fake news since all of your self-proclaimed media enemies are reporting this?
Liar in Chief.
Thanks Obama !
Great
So great!!! 

I didn't speak English when I came to Hawaii. I learned in our public schools & am fighting for every family to have the same opportunity.
Let's hope so
Its amazing they are still going forward given your business incompetence...
With no thanks to you.
These decision antedate UR swearing in by years.  Good to mention but U had nothing to do with it.
Again, you had nothing to do with it.  Is this your thank you note to Obama?
Believe it when I see it
You mean automation jobs
Thanks Obama. Decisions to build a plant as such take years not just 7 months. I guess this was planned 2-3 years ago.
Another promise Trump is fulfilling. While the dems r belly aching over fake Russian scam Trump is actually doing something good 4 AMERICA.
Like you had anything to do with this.
What does that have to do with You? These plans have been in place long before people knew you, stop taking credit for other peoples work
Cf
Good job Obama, who landed the deal in 2014...
"Toyoda denied that Trump's views influenced his decision." From Fox News
You had nothing to do with it ass whole!
Go president Trump.
I doubt it
AT&T moving many jobs overseas, Mr Trump where r you
@cdotb_isfvkd
Toyota has been building the Tundra in Texas since 2008 when they switched to the full size model
the Japanese are creating jobs in America. Looks like they're just positioning their chest pieces so when our economy collapses
Thank them not you.
Russia is the issue.  Quit acting like a child.  Stop lying.  Fake Trump
