"Thank you, ladies and gentlemen and don't forget to tip your waiters."
I knew it!!! You are going into comedy. You could call your show "Trolling Presidents to  Stay Relevant by @Alyssa_Milano. Good luck!! 
You've proved yourself to be a lame duck for the next 3 yr. Nothing will get done with this PREZ. He is the disaster. No bills get through
As long as this PREZ is in office nothing gets done.  Trump could not even accomplish repealing Obama care. Go back to selling buildings 
No one even fears this guy.  You habe disappointed the American ppl. Go back to real estate 
Don't start a nuclear war that will destroy this world I know your on your way out but the rest of us don't want to die , just yet 
Sure (@realDonaldTrump)- is 'crazy' like they say, but I bet he saner than the other REALLY crazier one- NK, so he ll always be a step ahead
Trump doesn't know his underlings. Both Kelly and Mattis have retired from military service and thus are civilians, not 'military leaders'
You're welcome?
Mattis will have your blocks and cars all laid out on the mat in the corner for you while the big people talk! 
Don't thank me, I didn't vote for you.
There is a need for real and serious dialogue between the two governments of the United States and North Korea in neutral territory not war!
This ain't abt "dialogue" bro. People dialogue with sane people, the guy(I cn't evn type his name on mypage)listens to no one! Talk more of
The only solution to this "mad-man's" problem, is America should quietly take only him out but leave the innocent North-Korean people unhurt
Watch your generals Mr. President. They are working against your best interests.
You’re a RW nut job...
Call him what you want, but he’s accurate!!!
Oh that's interesting. I'm guessing this echatepalla said something but he blocked me, so if he did then I can't see it.
No shit?
The best thing about that tweet is the Thank You at the end.
Don't forget to take your crayons.
General Chaos will be there, too. He's my favorite. #ShitForBrains MuellerIsComing #TheResistance #TrumpRussia #MuellerTime #MuellerTime
Maybe he gets to sit in a truck!
Best president since Ronald Regan
Thank you?
You end a serious statement re: international governance with 'thank you,' like we just served you a warm croissant.
#MAGA
You're welcome?
Thank you? Who are you thanking and for what?
youre welcome
Resign Russian-Colluding Racist Traitor...Resign Russian-Colluding Racist Traitor...Resign Russian-Colluding Racist Traitor...Resign
September is a great month to kick you out of the band Donnie. No chops, out of tune, no class...we want our previous lead singer back!
And you'll be there, why?
Why are you thanking us? Or are you thanking yourself? The latter seems more plausible coming from you.
We love you president trump prayers are with you god is by your side and deplorables are to stand tall!!
Oh and won't it be harder to fight a war with no Dreamer and no Transgender service members? Just a thought.
Was winning a game of battleship in college on your resume?
He won?
Fake news
No no.  Thank YOU.
Leave a message after the beep.
you're welcome
So polite
Thank you!
Russia, collusion, money laundering, election tampering.  Don't forget about them.
You're welcome
What happened to your national day of prayer, Don?  Did it somehow morph into a national day of warmongering and sabre rattling instead? 
Someone who helps a lot of person deserves to be released #FreeKevinTrudeau
no one fucking cares
It's as if you're instigating hostile relations between us. Instead of trying to "intimidate" on twitter we should be promoting propinquity.
Please Mr President try To discuss with Leader KJU on fairplay basis! I am sure U can!
So you need approval for just doing your job?  U R welcomed!
Its sad to see people that will disagree with all of his decisions just because they don't like him. He can't win with some people.
Thank you? Who are you thanking? Step down now before impeachment.
Brah! what about talking to North Korea?  "Hey Kim, stop it you're weirding us all out!"
China is the most important . i am Chinese, i think talk is the only way.
You mean General Kelly, General Mattis, and other military leaders will discuss North Korea while you play with your blocks?
I am a proud Veteran that this great nation has a Commander in Chief that loves the American people! God bless you President Trump!
Do action upon to them 
Because action speaks louder than spoken words or discussed issue

He has NO idea what he's doing! Just destroy everything in the past. So sad!
#Flashback
@SpeakerRyan 2014 #DACA unconstitutional promising change "if we get the Senate." https://twitter.com/prayingmedic/status/904755500566274048 …
Why do you put every thing out there do it by surprise don't let them know our ever move but do it right the first time
How about you tuck your ego in and find a diplomatic solution that won't get millions of allies and military personnel killed?
Good. Now sit back quietly and let the sane adults handle this.
We need to let our troops loose on the enemy's within our gov't.
Shut Congress & Senate down until all are tried for treason.
#AwanGate
Stop acting as crazy as North Korea leadership #NeverMyPresident
,,, Less Discussion, more Action, send a Message w/Bombs as an Attachment ,,,
I find it ironic that you're playing into NK strategy so easily. It's in the regime's best interest to promulgate and prolong a paper tiger
I mean you realize you are being baited right? They want you to attack first.
Dear Mr. President---please let them do the talking.
Getting rid of Kim Jung un won't solve total N. Korean problem but a good start.  U.S. Govt. waited far too long to stop him.
I was attacked in Nigeria during Govt. Coup, being American, blamed US CIA contributed to assassination.  CIA should assassinate Kim Jung un
Sanctions usually hurt regular citizens not governments causing problems.  I lived in Nigeria, during Govt. Coup under Martial Law.
Sanctions don't work, must use force before too late.  US guided missiles can strike key N. Korean ground military facilities.
I hope you do the right thing: Don't take out the innocent people of North Korea who are also surpressd by the 'Mad Man'. Take him out alone
Just wondering what @UN, @UNICEF  #WorldLeaders are simply doing by simply sitting and watching the mad NK man vibrate as tensions explode?!
Most times, "I wonder where our essences as humans wander?!!"
Quote by @MQS_B
Don't sassy your Nana....he is a danger to our country
Convince Hillary Kim is going to testify against her. He'll be dead in less than a week.  Apparent suicide.
Why would Trump meet with generals when he affirmed he was smarter than them had a strategy of finishing Isis North Korea off in a month HA
What do they call that again? #Circle what? #TrumpJustStop
Get em Mr. PRESIDENT.. WE got your back!!
I enjoy watching you at work president trump I've enjoyed the many chess games you play sadly it's the way politics is played
No, thank you. Literally, NO, leave the military in competent hands of generals. No dumbassery from u needed.
All the best comrade Trump
Thank you Mr. President for being so proactive in protecting us.
Go Donald we are with you
Mantle dog
Good job on the most recent THAAD deployment. I had a good hand in that.
Don't.
It is a smart man who surrounds himself with great talent, listens to them and uses them to the best of their ability with reins loosened!!!
Can they trust you? I doubt it same for those that voted for you which I am one
Drop another MOABs on that creep, he likes to be surrounded by those who kiss his buttocks(military leaders). One bomb on Pyongyang , enough
You're welcome.
Those two highly decorated military men must cringe every time they have to be in your presence.
You should be sending them all out the door. Put Kelly & McMaster back in the field and for Mattis
And those generals are probably wondering why you're the president..
The war n Korea wants.The war he will get.That kid is mad he doesn't know.President Trump.And General mad dog mettis.He will never asked war

Great....@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
For what?
I will be meeting with my peers at work today too if anyone cares, thank you
Remember:
N.Korea
NOT N.Dakota
NOT N.Carolina
If I was commanding North Korean operation. I'd be sending two carrier strike groups off each coast to show who is boss!!!
#NorthKorea is behaving like a jackal
Who is a dirty spot on humanity.
When
a dog  GOT mAd
Shoot  is the only option for human society.
Where is SOS @RexTilllerson @realDonaldTrump? Shouldn't he be there OR is Tillerson SOS in name only now? What's up Mr. Trump?
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign #UnfitToServe
Oh you're welcome, so glad we could help. Now take my advice and go back to your former comfortable corrupt life.
ويش تقوااال
You're welcome.
Bet you could barely point out North Korea on a map 
Hopefully they brought a lot of pictures so you could follow along and then nod when they made your decision. #NorthKorea #ImpeachTrumpNow
There really is nothing to discuss.
I pray that God keeps you safe everyday
Let the adults make the decisions. It's too dangerous for a mentally ill megalomaniacal halfwit to be involved.
Hope the best to get good results.
In other words the grownups will be having a serious discussion and you'll tune out the way most elderly people with dementia do.
Thank you!!!!
Pakistan is the main reason for helping North korea to build secret nuclear bombs, first pakistan should be punished and get have sanctions
And not a one of them need you and your ineptitude there for them to determine best policies. #pandering
Please stop pushing Kim Jong buttons I don't want a war. I want the children to have a future. Russia or China are not supporting you
Long Time To You
Thank you for being a strong leader! No more can kicking, time's up!
Donny it's time for you to resign, honestly. This is complicated stuff and the years of you playing with licensing deals- ur not equipped.
Aren't they "YOUR" generals.  #incompetentPotus is a traitor
Please get rid of this mushroom head. Send in the Delta force or a seal team.better yet nuke him before its to late and we are being nuked
but why do you do that? North Korea is not in america.
Thank you for what? For putting up with your stupidity?
You have the support of all REAL Americans.  We trust in you, the best President in my lifetime.

.@FBI refuses to move forward on @HillaryClinton email scandal & justice due "Lack of Interest"
Citizens, whats your interest level? Plz RT
It's a relief to know we have the best people working on our side.  Thank you!
Trump just as smart as when Russia claim it discovered baseball America's pastime when learned from a form of American Indians pastime fact
All is N. Korea trying to prevent is our intervention like Iraq and Libya. Our democracy don't work for all. Let's try to free Saudi Arabia.
Hopefully the generals talked sense into you! You are unfit to be the leader of us
We will be forced to blow them off the face of the Earth, sooner or later!
try listening to understand and not just respond for a change.

Because badass shit talking always works so well with crazy people...
How 'bout meeting with diplomacy experts?
No more war
You don't have to discuss 
The discussion should be action 
Not talking about what to do and what not to do
@realDonaldTrump 
The empowerment of #NorthKorea & #Iran was via Espionage by Clinton's & Obama. Why do our troops have to die & they live?
Confused - many countries have weapons, why is this different?
What about the military option? Bomb those rats so that the world will be safe
They will be meeting - you will be huddled in the corner of the room alone unable to add useful information to the conversation. #45out
Way to go Mr President!! That chubby little nutt job needs to be set straight and your the guy to do it

Do not worry about North Korea the Lord almighty will give you wisdom to deal them ok you are all ways in my prayers and the First Lady 2
U tweet & all I hear is "hey everyone.I really am at the big boy table.I dont understand anything but the ice cream is good.I get 2 scoops!"
Annnnndd...so long, and thanks for all the fish! Say goodbye to planet earth. Been nice knowing you all. #madmenwithnucs
Aren't you happy that they are including you in a meeting ?? Hope the snacks are good
Who is he thanking? #TrumpLies
God you are so desperate for attention that you will cross any boundaries!
Mr.Trump,Please go to North Korea and talk with Kim.
If USA today is free of democratic syck system, Nessesoriully his political actors need find how KEEP all nationalbless to have more strong.
You're a disaster...make America great again by resigning
You're welcome. I'm sure you have everything figured out.
Dennis Rodman is Kim un's friend. Why not use him to communicate?
At the f'ing CHILDREN'S table no doubt, you TREASONOUS POS! #ImpeachTrump #TREASON #RepubliKlanParty
You're welcome
Not welcome.

Keep them in line Mr President
Thanks to you and your ignorant comments you have aggravated North Korea and put our country and people at risk.
Please let them handle it girl, thanks
Tell them I said hi. I gotta work  otherwise I would totes be there. Give my love to Kim if y'all chat!

Looks like Kim needs a lesson in respect for power..maybe another Syria operation..
They know more than you so listen for a change.  You may learn something !
Are your ratings dropping trump, is that why you threaten war?
@intibernard1
What's with the "thank you" ??? Isn't that you're job?
The best SOLUTION is to destroy all weapons so NO HUMANS, nor my MOTHER feels threaten!!! I know you know what I mean!!!
It is not strange your GOVERNMENT and allies are feeding terrorists with weapons using diplomatic flights!!!
Hey Don...I hope it's a fantastic crowd.
you the Matherfucker
I hope to God they can talk some sense into your thick skull.
No, thank you for isolating our country from the rest of the world so we have no allies to support us vs North Korea
IRS CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION TEAM SAYS YOU'RE FUCKED BOZO!
Trump- Biafrans youths died cuz of u by Nigerian army still u haven't said anything. That's not kind of u as the president of the world.
TRUMP SHOULD MEET WITH KIM JUNG UN-FACE TO FACE
Pray for peace but prepare for war. God bless America and our allies that are good world citizens 
Good idea to meet with advisors who know something about the tooic.  Now stop acting unilaterally!
"Thank you??" For what?? Don't you dare put us in danger!!! Do NOT!! Grow up!!
Pleas don't.  You will only make things worse.
You're welcome?
You want a blue ribbon?  It's your job.
I know you care for our Military and Vets along with their family's.
It's just above South Korea, FYI
