50 millions cancer people will die in two years no ins for them this what trump gave them death
This is a lie.  Stop spreading fake news!
A subject shot fact hot in the heart, leveraged the ruin of verity, a jail of fear posable.
I lo ve hoy
The way you are going, you will have every country HATING USA. Make America Hated!! MAH!!
I hate the health care bill that was passed today not a friend of 50 to 65 year olds
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good...
You are such a fantastic President, Sir!! 
Opps wait a minute. YOU CANNOT TAKE BACK WHAT IS APREDICTION.......or as we put it 
Serious crime for the People of U.S.A.
#resign #treason #prisonbitch
We hate you.
Thank you Mr President
NAFTA brought to you by George H.W. Bush - another GOP creation.
You want to protect a handful of farmers and give up  millions of real US jobs and $100s of millions in US  exports.
Jessica
Lets raise the prices on everything. You don't care but someday you will regret your life. This 2 Shall Pass
Yes relationships are important. That better be one hell of a fair deal sir.
Always on the side of the American people.
Flipity flop, flipity flop flop. Flip flip flop!
You have NO idea how bad this would be for US economy, do you? Especially for several pro-Trump states like Texas. Please hire some experts!

LIAR!
U don't understand anything about NAFTA. You have no clue. You are just moving ur lips AGAIN and endlessly on and on with no relief in sight
This is an area where our President Trump shines, he will have fun with this deal formation.
Terminate the farmers that depend on NAFTA to feed their families. Mexico is the #1 export of corn. You said u would do it. They now regret
No NAFTA-revolving door of overstays and illegal traffic!
U have the house & Congress, and they still cave to the left " WTF" u can't do it alone.. P.S. that budget they passed sucks!!!
The man in the Oval is #Unintelligible @CNN @MSNBC @Morning_Joe
You bcktracked on this one too, what have you done that you win votes for and that can be considered a win. All those EO's can just be gone
Will there be actual grown ups representing the US? Pls say yes. 
Also, don't just pawn this off on Jared like with everything else.
You are hedging, Don. You said you'd terminate NAFTA. Weak. Sad.
Striking up a Deal that affects so many,Both party's need to be good for there word. Then and only then will bring about a good name for
For Satisfying results.
I wouldn't trust you to negotiate at a car-boot sale.
Watch OUT @potus45 #SnowFlakeAvalanche #WeAreEveryWhere
#MondayMotivation #NotMyPresident #UniteBlue #seoresist #MayDaySea #maga @dnc #rt
I know your brain dead supporters probably believe this tweet, but really 14 million jobs were created by NAFTA.
Yeah, so you can't do that without Congress. So, you've got a good scapegoat when you can't get it done.
check this out, notice who the US exports to the most, 9 million US jobs rely on trade with Canada, stop poking us with a stick #MAGA
Good idea. ... we lost our giftware  factory dye to NAFTA. .. GO GET A BETTER DEAL
Foolish and stupid White House Trump
Use another hotel at the UN General Assembly. Lotte Group Lotte chairman Lotte Group
You are just worried about how much your pockets will be lined with Gold.
Liar
oh, please
Way do you HATE THE U.S.A. SO MUCH
We trust you on NAFTA
No you won't.Quit talking s***!
Lying agsin
You really have NO clue how our government actually works, do you? #ImpeachTheDickheadNow
Yeah you flip flopped on this too -QUIT LYING!!!!
I remember hearing a
 quote from a man I highly respect saying you fight for the pennies and the dollars will come
Do you realize that your softwood lumber tarriff is only 2% of Canadian imports and will cost the middle class more to build
At least he's trying (as hard as one can standing on a golf course)
You have to go through congress to renegotiate NAFTA. I don't think you understand at all how our government works. Sad!
It's nearly impossible to renegotiate NAFTA,  Mexicans want that you and EPN terminate this deal. We don't want anything to do with you!
Relationships with Canada and Mexico are good? Whose telling you these things? You're a jerk in the eyes of ALL true leaders.
Trump... if it where up to you, USA would be the only country left... bombing places that don't need, wrecking nafta and the can dairy ind.
@realdonaldtrump forgets this about is VP https://www.uschamber.com/above-the-fold/mike-pence-has-great-track-record-trade …:
Maybe you could understand NAFTA before spouting BS about it
NAFTA has cause more damage to the US than the open borders. Both need to be  locked down
US can export to Mx and CA and vice-versa. Isn't that fair? If NAFTA is gone millions of US citz will loose jobs and you will be the guilty1
Trump still has no idea about how trade works and how under NAFTA our economies and our supply chains are intertwined. Oh, well, tee up.
Stop aid to Mexico use that $ to pay for wall
I dont like it, it had better be a good deal. Thanks for the heads up.
Yes Brain ofis and 127 Üniversite A.B.D my no JUDGE problem kefalet.And only Stephean Hawking criminal judge Brain.Afroild old meny müslüban
4 words - Strategic Maple Syrup Reserve. Canada has one and we don't. Choose wisely.
will you please stop threatening everybody with everything. You have everyone living on the edge.
FAKE PRESIDENT PLEASE RESIGN
You realize that a NAFTA withdrawal would jeopardize more jobs than you will create in your short one term presidency?
All talk no offer, seems DT is either afraid, or finds NAFTA too complicated.
Even our allies are forming against YOU, and we will suffer.  Enjoy your bigoted Rally with your sycophants..
You laughable fool. Mexico has countries coming to them for their exports JUST BECAUSE of you! Watch BBC/WORLD NEWS.
You're doing awesome
This grammar hurts my soul
NAFTA INVOLVES   & .. YOU alone can't dissolve it, so I'm glad you finally got some information & your staff intervened AGAIN
Don't forget the local economies of the United States and Mexico, which NAFTA disrupted.  Clilnton tried to have Marcos killed.
Pull out of NAFTA, you will be hurting Millions of American workers. You act like we are over here with an evil laugh trying to screw the US
You are a extremely foolish childish ignorant bully! You have already pissed off most other leaders, so now time to bully your closet ally!
file this one under "tweets that didn't age well" or "tweets that would hurt my MAGA hat wearers in flyover land"
Dude! Bernie would terminated NAFTA by now.
You said you would dump it keep your word and make a good deal. First dump it  we know what you have to overcome and are behind you.
Kevin is a twitter bot. That's all you need to know.
You don't have a clue as to WHAT you want to do.  Evidenced by how quickly people can influence you.  Get the hell out of office!
nafta has been bad for Canada. Now all U.S. corp in Canada  and US citizens buys mostly nothing from Canada    Nafta sold out Canada to USA
u have gone back on everything u told us..u just lied 2 all of us..good luck we will remember
Liar again
Canada would rather see u jump in the lake, Trudeau can't stand u
Negotiate. We will lose if you continue to be a bully. Try listening to others. You might actually move forward
TERMINATE
You fail faker
Mexico is the 2nd largest importer of American grains. Terminating NAFTA Will destroy farmers in this country!!! When farmers fail, so do we
We don't owe Mexico or Canada anything!  Terminate the deal Mr. Prez.  Otherwise it will be seen as weak handed and soft.
Repeal first and let both houses "representatives" explain to the people why they are not willing to bring their jobs back!
Impeachment coming
OK, can support you on this. We know you have US interests @ heart FIRST. So, will trust you to do exactly that on NAFTA, or terminate!
What I believe is tear up NAFTA Period and issue a NEW deal with each country. Different Goods, Different Needs!
Please use the english language properly...WTF is this??That sounds like a threat..do it and see what happens..good luck when u come begging
You are ignorant and delusional. Do you even know what you are saying?
It took two screenshots to record your ramblings from today. Please try to be coherent and stop campaigning. Facts are facts.
Oh.... that'll work.... #losealot
All of the jobs are gone. Hershey is in Mexico. The furniture factories here where I live are gone. American steel is dead. Kill NAFTA.....
KILL NAFTA ASAP
LIAR!
Trump the NEGOTIATOR at work!  Go Donald!
all these haters who voted for clinton standing in your way,  it dont matter what you do good or bad.shipem to n.korea see if they love Ame
Good to see that @jack ass pushing the paid commie comments to the top.
twittering our future away
I think it has made America dependent on other nations for even our basic needs
Remember, include the "wall"
I suspect you'll blow this one, too through your ineptitude & unwillingness to research issues. Justin Trudeau/Enrique Nieto=better leaders!
राष्ट्रीय प्रेम ही प्रथम होना चाहिए। देश सुरक्षित तो हम सब सुरक्षित। भारत माता की जय हो।।
You do have a college education, right? You didn't just go to Trump University. How is it possible for you to be so idiotic? #ImpeachTrump
Please do not terminate NAFTA. deals are give and take. we all lose if NAFTA goes.

Yes please do.
A fair deal huh... As in if you can't scam them then no deal huh. Ok then..
 liar
Need to understand the law.
NAFTA decimated the AGRI Business in the WHOLE of Latin-America with millions of TONS of cheapest Grain dumped on them After the Rus EMBARGO
i think you had better check with mexico and canada, they might just decide to keep nafta there are three countries involved not just one.
Act like a president, stop with the tweets
Do things seem real in your world?
#AmericaFirst in all things! Now bend #Congress to your will and let's #BuildThatWall #o4a #rt
Dump NAFTA!
Terminate NAFTA & all the farmers who voted for you will turn on you in a heartbeat. Even as negotiating ploy it's weak. Sad.
