911 terrorists came from Saudi Arabia! Y r they not banned? R u emulating Reagan w/BAD decisions as to Iran/Iraq? #Trump
THE DEVIL IS ALREADY IN, YOU SOULD BUY A MIRROR
well to say he's the most powerful man in world now, he makes his first big decision and it gets over ruled 
did you clear the language on the EO through Justice? That would have helped.
"Pouring in" Stop fear mongering and listen. You may have scored more points if you attempted a bipartisan solution.
the judge doesn't have to live with the consequences of his ruling. Let those people in his neighbor hood
uses drone strikes and heavily-armed terrorists (Navy Seals) to export hate. Terror breeds terror, US now in more danger.
because the ban was lifted our constitution is being honored. Do your homework first!
This is an insult to the English language. Does he have any respect towards proper grammar? Can they teach him composition?
yep, time for you to give up. And BTW, how about those guns regulations? Coming along? 
takes one to know one (a terrible decision)

They can't be worse for the country than you.
because he is not kissing your ass.
meet some of the terrible ppl
FEAR mongering
you're right. Because they were "pouring" into our country before you came along. Take a seat.

Really classy Perez. Remember the children are watching.
the judges job is to rule on the constitutionality of law, he did his job. Now do yours.
I'm just wondering where those BAD people were before you show up 
OH, it's a ban again? Write constitutionally sound EO; don't give it to a contemptuous old fart and skippy the wonder boy.
jajajajajajaajjjajajajajajajajajajaajjaajajajajajajajajajaja I'm choking g jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaj1
no twit, your actions inspire terrorists, helps them recruit. All you are is a hammer, so all things look like a nail. Sad.
Thank god you banned immigration from Canada.
@POTUS None of the 9/11 terrorists were from your 7. OKC & Columbine, Sandy Hook, etc.
they need passports and visas to enter the country & visas require vetting already, see? You didn't invent vetting.
Such as 5 year old children... Well - if the US do need to be afraid of children... halleluja
they are immigrants they should not be covered by constitutional rights. So why all the fuss?National security comes first
Maybe you should use your pea brain and figure out why the Poll with your Aproval numbers are at a HISTORIC LOW!
#failure
well you're the president so they're already here
any "facts" to support your statement?
Don't let them Stop You...
.@realDonaldTrump: "many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country"
We know already the White House has no credibility, tells blatant lies. We must remember this when they announce there's a national crisis.
credibility? This coming from a liberal...lol!
Most of us are praying for Trump #TrumpUSA
Campaign,by fear, lead by fear, do you have anything else to offer?
they will halt you every chance they get. Soros has so much money in this country. It's as despicable as he is. Don't quit!
Too late! The baddest & most dangerous is already in the country & in the White House!
PLEASE HELP FLINT WATER CRISIS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Here is a complete list of refugees that have attacked America from the countries you have banned.
so... We should wait till they attack and.... Blame trump?
no, we should realize that just because someone is brown, doesn't make them a terrorist.
why not some more protection . no harm dude
Because it's not "More protection" - it's a racist ban against Muslims, according to Trump.
@1VoiceMatters 
Let's get this trending:
#BanBadHombres

BLATANT LIE
A great, Constitutionally correct decision to correct a terrible decision by someone who is trying to rule w/ fear. Shame!
Donald, you could be announcing your secret plan to get rid of ISIS instead of litigating (AGAIN). Where's that plan?
this ban won't solve the problem, if terriosts want in they will find a way and you can't stop them that's the way it is
choose ur words carefully. You'll get farther w/sugar than spice. Societies has become soft & can't handle straight forward
if people do not like trump, move to Russia, Canada or wherever.what are you waiting for? Move on now.
the most dangerous person is you, because you are clueless.
@POTUS get used to it, it's called separation of powers. You are not the Emperor.
me @ your ancestors immigrating to america
Agreed,,,terrible decision.  Who is backing him?
the very bad and dangerous person is you Trump
Never forget, President Trump, u r already an incredible hero and ur very being is reverenced for all u have accomplished!
no,  a CONSTITUTIONALLY sound decision.  You should try making one once in a while.
No more are pouring in now than were pouring in before you.  Non bans like yours also restrict the great ones.
so you agree it's a ban now?
all you know is how to instill panic in all the monkeys that elected you.  Doing a bang up job breeding hate and fear
Because of some star struck idiots, we have a very bad and dangerous president. #ImpeachTrump
when a 12 year old Syrian entering the US under refugee status bombs the Freedom Tower, we'll admit we may have been wrong
He needs professional help. Seriously. None of us can survive a narcissist having a breakdown & who has the nuclear codes.
many judges 
with actual legal expertise
unlike you
... NOT being racist against us ON CAMERA ONLY! KICK THEM OUT BECAUSE US BLACKS WHO ARE NOT AFRICANS DON'T WANT TO BE ...
"pouring" is a liar word.
Proof?
YOU ARE UNQUALIFIED TO BE PRESIDENT
@POTUS HOW COME THE LIBERALS GET TO INTERVENE IN SECURITY POLICIES?
or, as is more likely, they may not be.
Once again, you are. . .
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/after-saying-dangerous-people-may-be-pouring-into-our-country-trump-has-repeatedly-put-off-inking-new-travel-ban/2017/03/01/6f3ca47e-fe86-11e6-8f41-ea6ed597e4ca_story.html …
You messed up this tweet. There's no exclamation point at the end of it. You failed. Of course! (You see what I did there?)
mr. Trump please stop tweeting why don't you act like a president for 10 minutes
A terrible decision??  A terrible decision,  that`s supposed to be a sentence????
@POTUS American lives no longer matter to the Democratic party, unless it's voting time.
why the special treatment for people that hate America by opening the gates wide open by "American judges?"
forgot to ask about that aneurysm. Hope it's growing for you.
come on
Fearmonger much?
@realDonaldTrump @shekitty1 I support Trump, which IS the patriotic thing to do!
The only real bad and dangerous people are already in, you and all you have appointed #Trumpswamp
Pouring. Just pouring. Name one.
Everything in DC is fake.  Announcement of the GCR & GESARA will bring back lawful arti 3 cts. u can appoint art 3 judges
@POTUS unsubstantiated statements are not truth. Sad.
#fearmongering . Please cut the crap. Choose to lead.#ResistandPersist
scratch that, bannon is. we all know he's the real driving force behind everything you do.
FEAR AGAIN. WOW, YOU REALLY HAVE NO OTHER TALENTS TO DEPEND ON.
Russia helped an immature and unqualified "person" become President! BAD
oh yeah...pouring in.  STOP YOUR INSANITY AND LIES!!!
when wall gets to western Arizona border go north towards Canada ! Lol
There is already BAD people here and many are Americans. Stop the fear tactics.
but i thought u said it was not a "ban" was it or wasn't it? not a hard question for such an educated man lol
stop undermining the judicial branch!
NO MORE MUSLIM IN OUR COUNTRY!!!!
why don't you pay them like you do everyone else, shame when an individual has to pay someone to like them like you have!!!
maybe ur a bad, dangerous  person and we should ban you. Buh-bye.
wait, I thought you said it wasn’t a ban?
I see in the newestvpolls that you now own a new record....the most hatest President in 60 years. Nice accomplishment.
he's so skeered
reminder - your staff said it's not a ban so stop calling it that #trumpidiot
judge has nothing at stakes and lives life luxurious without any ground reality
@POTUS I thought you said it wasn't a "ban"
many good and worthwhile people may be able to enter as well.
U mean like grand daddy Trump a German immigrant fleeing from tax evasion & joining the forces & dabble in prostitution????
Have someone explain the Visa system to you. You should know these things already.
