You ever vote for someone and then instantly regret that decision? Yeah that's me right now. You are only doing what's best for you, not US
But.....up until the regret you were OK with The Wall, the Muslim ban, the misogyny, the name-calling, etc..... that was all cool.
Remind me why I did vote for Trump
I wasn't asking for an apology, all I did was point out your sad reasoning for voting for him to begin with.
That, and my joy at the fact that he'd let you down and now you have no one to believe in anymore. No. One. At. All. 
Still better than Hillary or any other liberal we could put in office.
Because threatening to annihilate North Korea on the Twitter is a good thing? Or actually LOSING 33,000 jobs in September?
How about almost losing your crappy health-care coverage for something even worse,  not once but TWICE?? That's SO MUCH WINNING!!!
This is still funny.
Trump's tweets show us what his "defense" will be.
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Foc...
Because of diplomacy. You can't accuse a world leader w/o evidence. With all your ingnorant fanatic followers they had to let you hang yourself.
#notmypresident #yourgoingdownfortreason
#yourdaysinthewhitehousearenumbered
#stopusingObamaasyoursmokescreen
#theircomingforyou 
Also if you stop acting like you work for Putin people might take you more seriously.
remember when your idiot son tweeted out evidence to the contrary
You should be killed
Less is more, something this guy will never understand
Another Democratic inconvenient truth.

Aww, you crying again? Investigation getting closer to you? The pressure too much to handle?
Mr. Trump, please stop blaming President Obama!
Obama, Hilary, emails... Blah blah blah. Move on
So now you do believe the Russians were involved? What would you have said if Obama came out and said something before election?
O used it to his advantage to frame T. They are still guilty of treasonous acts and need to be prosecuted NOW! Start with O then C! #dirtyO
So there was meddling and you won with help of a foreign power. Good to know. Thanks for finally admitting the truth.
Man,you're losing it!
T?? Who writes this stuff?
Did U "forget" the spies he kicked out, the compounds he seized (you just gave back) or the sanctions he put on them (that you just lifted)?
What are YOU doing about it now?
Now you are agreeing your Russian friends meddled!  How much $$ have you taken from Russia? Show tax returns T.  #MAGABS
Lol!
OMG! YOU told the Russians to hack Hillary on national TV. YOUR aides/relatives met with the Russians and LIED about it. We'll focus on YOU!
It's time to put your big boy pants on and take on responsibility of running this country not delegating it to everybody else admit Russia
How can they focus on something that you say never happened?  Change your mind?
You are literally  the most ignorant person on the face of this planet ...SAD
yawn
Also, thought tweeting on the golf course wasn't allowed.
Keep draining that wretched swamp Mr President!!!  #MAGA

Wait, isn't WAPO #FakeNews? So,now Comey told the truth & WAPO is respectable journalism. Better get your angle straight before you testify.
Obama DID Take Action...  The question is Why are you trying to undo those actions (remove sanctions) every chance you get?
@realDonaldTrump maybe stop blurting out our secrets to the Russians.
Still going to remove Russian sanctions?
It's called projection... Dems blame everyone for exactly what they do.... but they secretly hate themselves and want to be you T!! #MAGA
LOL!!
Remember

showing your taxes,

not cutting Medicaid,

not putting RUSSIA's interests over

America's,

& your bone spur,

@realdonaldtrump ?
He's not cutting Medicaid. There will be a cap on Medicaid starting in 2025. We can't keep borrowing $ with no intention of paying it back
tiny
tremendous
terrorist
target
Tinky-Winky
troll
thick
turd burglar
tanner
Scared, Donny?
Sorry Drumpf u r guilty as sin

There was action, dope!
Why did Flynn have to resign, Comrade T?
What are you hiding, Donny?  Tick tock.  You're time is running out.  An orange jump suit will match your spray on tan
Why have you been denying that Russia for sure meddler when imyou e had access to the information since I were president???
...
...
Ok cupcake, let me take you through this step by step. Now focus, I hope you view this series of weeks as @FLOTUS hand & you try to grasp it
1. The focus shouldn't be on you, Obama or anyone except the Russians. Finger pointing after the fact is the labor of desperate wretches.
2. You admitted the Russians interfered in the process, ask yourself why? Because the specifically wanted you. Why was that?
3. Typically you want your opponent to be weak and to be clear, Russia view us our their opponent and you as weak.
So here is what we (your employers) need you to do; focus on the greatest security threat this country has seen since 9/11. Do your job.
If at all possible, cancel your cable subscription, delete your twitter account and start acting with assured humility rather than in fear.
Dent...Are you tweeting from the backseat of a short yellow bus?
Nope right now I am tweeting from my vacation home in the Mediterranean 
I can't tell if this Trump tweet is based in propaganda or stupidity
#NiceTryTrump
Donald was informed of the Russian attack during his campaign and did nothing but ride the wave into the White House.
#NiceTryTrump
You have done your best to obstruct this investigation, and your effort to cast blame is pathetic. You are the focus of the investigation.
You have dismissed this serious attack on our sovereignty until now, when you feel you can get score points against Obama. It's outrageous.
POTUS is guilty of treason. His refusal to do anything about Putin's attacks on democracy reveals his allegiances, trying to lift sanctions.
And the insane wrestling character you play on Twitter is giving our adversaries intel to exploit your fragile ego.
Your voter data firm Deep Root Analytics is getting sued for negligence and Cambridge Analytica investigated for UK data protection laws.
You make this sound so sinister and underhanded when the suit involves unprotected data and has NOTHING to do with Trump. Grow up.
If you truly think the Cambridge Analytica investigation has nothing to  do with Trump, you're already beyond being reached by facts.
I'm all about facts NOT HYPE. Data mining is big biz. It's commonly used in all sorts of advertising campaigns. What's your point?
And you've done nothing to combat the threat to our democracy why? You benefit greatly - You're so transparent I can see right through you.
Idiot
@SuperTone09 powerful friends you got there T!
I do not return @realDonaldTrump's calls so hes not a friend.@BarackObama is my dude tho, often go paddle boarding etc #TAndFriends
really? You really are a stranger to truth aren't you?
You knew. We know that you knew you human tool.....I take that back!!! A tool is useful. You are not.
I pray for you everyday Mr. President. I don't trust the left. Keep up the great work
Oh so you are finally admitting that Russia meddled? You just can't stand it when Obama gets attention....
Sphincter face, you're the problem. Your Twitter tantrums, lack of class and intelligence, and your pathetic excuse of an adult. Manbaby 
Can you say " complicit" ? #RussianHacking
Oh President Obama setup Secret Russian meetings about sanctions and 500 Billion Exxon Oil Deal but nothing about Election Hack makes sense

Reply6
Indeed....
Running SCARED ?!  Loser
CERTAINLY THIS IS NOT A  SERIOUS ??!!
Maybe because you were screaming rigged election and would have accused them of that. They did do some things but you do nothing.
The election was not rigged that's been proven Hillary is the one that needs put in jail and investigated for her Russian ties
Stop tweeting, I bet if you stop tweeting all together you would get more support from many people stop tweeting and act like a president
T is the one who is the guilty party
Wrong Hillary took millions from Russia and gave them 20% of our uranium get your facts straight
With Russia. They're trying to stop you from succeeding where they failed. They also want to punish Russia for losing
@POTUS you claimed that Russia never hacked the election. Now you admit they did but blame some one else. Grow the f up.
So after all this you invited them into the White House.
we took away the russia barbie doll house and you gave it right back Ken #idiot
Can you show real proof to this?
Personally donny, I think your jealous of Pres. Obama. Actually so infatuated you can't keep your mind off him. That's unhealthy.
So you're "T" now, not "me?" Trumpian grandiosity: sad.
They put in sanctions - remember , the ones you and Flynn promised Putin U would get rid of - your memory going ?
Why wont U investigate the Russian Meddling? Are u afraid of what they will find? What are you trying to hide Boris?
@POTUS they aren't as much fun. They don't whine like t does.
Well what matters now is what The People do. Impeaching your traitorous ass along w your entire criminal organization is the plan. #LockEmUp
How could they take action on something YOU say is a hoax and fake news? Seriously Mr POTUS, you're talking out of both sides of your a$$.
T go to jail
@realDonaldTrump u say Obama did nothing with Russia Meddling which is a lie once again. What sanctions have u put in place btwn Jan 20-now?
Once again these snow flakes have nothing but time to tweet annoying comments!
No
Same with Killery and the crooked admin cabinet.  They are all crooks.
They did take action, and the even told your people, but you deny deny deny,  no collusion from you because it didn't jppen
You can't deny the meddling and then use the meddling as an argument against someone, that makes you "stupid"
Hey @realDonaldTrump Did you Notice he isn't answering you? That's called class. It's something money CAN'T buy. #thisisnotnormal @potus 45
What have you & your bunch of Russian puppets done during&since?  Deny, obstruct, collude, cover up.  NOT what innocent patriotic leaders do
T? Like Mr. T?
Well "T"....he's not the president anymore...soooo....there's that...but you are () so when that animated hemorrhoid (aka ur mouth) spews
statements like this...it makes you..
"T-RuMp" sound like u hidin' sum big 'ol junk in ur trunk...I'm not talkin KFC..u get me player?
You're a fool. The  dribble that your brain produces is toxic. 
Stop ruining America.
Trump big shot
https://twitter.com/secretpolicedpt/status/879670392478195716 … CNN producer admits Russia narrative is not real.
https://youtu.be/jdP8TiKY8dE  CNN producer admits Russia narrative is not real.
Nothing to see here folks everybody just move along keep drinking the Kool-Aid
Your admitting that they meddled. You shouldn't be in the White House!!
Another uneducated snowflake why do you get your facts straight look at the shit HitLary did we want her investigated for her Russian ties
Not gonna let Twitter, once again, put left #BlueCheckedLoons tweets 1st. ALL Obama Admin ppl ADMITTING they knew. Stop lying lefties!
R u so weak n inferior that u always have 2 blame the black guy.
YOU knew way before the election. You were briefed on this.
FOCUS ON THEM??DO YOU EVEN UNDERSTAND YOURSELF ANYMORE?? YOUUUUU ARE IN OFFICE RIGHT NOW!!(UNFORTUNATELY)SO WHY TF WOULDNT WE FOCUS ON YOU?!
Remember when "T" invoked Russia to hack HRC's emails?? "Russia- - if you're listenin....?"-DJT colluded knowingly!
You mean HitLary and Soros get your facts straight snowflake
Again you accuse someone else of doing something you're doing.  You're the 1 who's doing nothing re Russians.  Do you owe them something?
You mean HitLary the one that has strong ties with Russia hell she sold them 20% of our Uranium seems like that's who needs investigated
A lose is a lose accept it and move on
It's like your mouth is a shit machinegun.
So no one told you anything? Even though you are the PRESIDENT!
Take responsibility for your own action.
Stop playing the Blame game #45 BULLY.
Let's talk about HitLary and her Russian ties millions for her selling 20% uranium to Russia get educated snowflake
you were told then too and you called all of the IC liars. How easy you forget.
They are focusing on Russia you twit .
You requested it. Obama placed sanctions and expelled diplomats over it. What have YOU done about it?
Got investigated and threatened with impeachment smh
Yep. That crap probably wouldn't have happened if Trump would have at least lifted a finger against Russia over this.
Um...hullo?  You there?  It was *you* and *your* campaign.  I'm sure it was planned for many years before that.
Umm Hello wrong snowflake it was HitLary with Russian ties and we demand an investigation on her thank you wake up snowflake
@gabriella_akat   Educated guess tells me they were working together
#TrumpLies
Fake news lmao you people need to seriously wake up this man cares about us and America HitLary and Obmama admin was trying to strip
But I thought Washington Post was fake news
Quit living in the past!!
Did you just call yourself T? #lyingT
#LowT
T-Bone, T-Square, T-Bag, T-Ball, T-Wrecks, Absurdi-T, Vulgari-T, Insani-T, Zero Gravi-T, TeeP, Golf-T and of course,, Weak-T
You'd be pining for the spotlight if it shifted elsewhere.
It's getting closer & closer to you & you're feeling the heat. You know they're coming & you're scared. Scared because all of it is true.
What action will you take when you meet with Putin?  Or will you have to decrease sanctions as payoff for him getting you the US Presidency?
Because this is all a farce and a distraction for your Administration so they can move files to Obama's Library it's working so far
Obama was such a terrible President.
U should thank him because u might not be President if he had of made it public
That was yesterday.  Today you are president so what are you going to do about it.  Tell more lies?  Two wrongs don't make it right.
to protect us from further interference.  Or do you think you'll need their help to win a second term?
Most definitely facts
You're the POTUS now. You can still take action. Why no action from you? This is a BIG deal!
because YOU are the President now
Did younjust admit to russian meddling 
How about YOU 'focus on T', instead of 'them' (Obama, H. Clinton, etc. )
U r OBSESSED with OBAMA, makes your envy and jealousy real OBVIOUS!
@POTUS You will be found quilty of HIGH CRIMES!!!
DENT for presiDENT lol
Dont blame Obama for you becoming president. I know it cuts into golf time, but u did run for the office. Oh & used info leaked by Russia...
But you knew, invited them in, lied about it, used "rigged election" charge, and now blame Obama.  Sad!
WTF are you doing about it now that you're top dog
PS -you were first briefed by CIA in August, 2016. But you remained silent becuz you knew what was going on & how you stood to gain!!
Obama didn't act cause he was a wus; and what is your excuse?
You have the right to remain silent on Twitter. Anything you tweet may be used against you in impeachment proceedings.
Stop investigating me!!! 
Always trying to make Obama bad
https://www.vox.com/.../tax-cuts-ahca-republican-health-plan … The GOP wants to give 33 bill in tax cuts to 400 highest income fam.This equals the Medicaid expan for 700,000+ppl
They didn't lie and you have lied these past seven months. Illegal president,  stolen with Russian help.
What have you done about Russian meddling since becoming potus? Unless you believe we're dumb enough to believe u found out over the weekend
Is that T-bone talking?
Focus on you, the person who 'hired' the Ruskies. Fingers pointing your way! #Undermicroscope  Born on Third
Foster children lives do matter
Aww, putting himself in the third person to make himself seem smart and avoid owning up to how crooked, inept, stupid he is.
T for Twat ?
A great British word that needs introducing to America....
Who says they didn't act?
What are you going to do to prevent future meddling?
No, really? What the hell are you doing? Look forward. It is like blaming the manufacturer that your robe is not good enough while u wear it
You WILL go down as the worst president in US history because you have attacked the principles that have made us a great nation. Nice.
Obama & Hillary take responsibility to clean up your mess and lies. Trump you do the same if you have any. The river flows both blue & red
So true! God Bless POTUS you made great strides this week speak to me and wow what great hugs! Hear Japan studying Art of the Deal ?
there  was action. I expect you  already know that  but you are  throwing shade on O just to distract everyone.  do you need the report?
Just do the right thing for the American people, there are poor people in the world you know.
Ok, glad you admit that Russia was behind you in influencing your win.  So what does that make you? #illigitimate #fakepresident #liar
Wait I thought you said this was a hoax.
So is that why you won, your best friend rigged the election #PutinsPuppet
 uh oh that also leads dems where they don'[t want to go - so funny - turn over your  computers to show  you mean bs.
Lock him up!
Just resign! Give up the jealousy and go play golf
Something tells me they wanted to see just how deep the rabbit hole will lead them. Just guessing. Let the rats chase the rabbit perhaps?
What have you done?  Deny your own collusion, obstruct justice.  Just resign thereby making America great again.  #FakePOTUS
Nobody likes you.
The left is the left. Do nothing and blame everyone else.
Rock on Trump!
What does T plan on doing about the Russians interfering in our elections? Invite them over for tea and cookies? Shut out American Press!! 
OLD NEWS, OLD NEWS!!!
Wrong again, they didn't want to be viewed as helping Hilary. Your presidency is illegitimate.  Sad!
17 reports came out before the 2016 election about Russia and American Traitors trying to undermine the election.
Because Obama didn't want 2 appear partisan unlike Trump! Obama has self control! He doesn't need 2 blast every move like Trump! Trump Sucks
