FAKE president
President of the United States with his due respect I say q change the law of Mexicans q is seeing is very quiet
~(*L*)~ ... the truth of the matter is that through the years P. R. has generated in many ways revenue for the USA.
~(*L*)~ The USA funds P. R. with approximately $4B’s per Year. The USA generates yearly in an average $71B - $4B = $67B’s NET | GOOGLE it!
What do you yourself owe to the world?? Oh wait, no one knows because you're hiding it! Stop Tweeting and DO YOUR JOB!
Have you ever experienced physical pain? Have you ever been without water for days? Have you ever gone without food for days?
Course not.
FEMA is doing a fair work in Puerto Rico.
STOP WITH THIS CRAP @POTUS i voted for you, but dont insult a nation regarding their debt to america.  geez.   a little over the line.
Truly interested to know where you think that line is, ‘cause he seemed to have crossed it years before he even ran...
there is over the line and there isnt.   this time he went over the line.
Yeah. I think I have a handle on that line...
Its not my fault if you cant understand plain english dude.  have fun trying though.   Try reading for dummies.
And, this ends another round of “Fluster the Trumpkin”...thanks for playing!
BLOCKED.

~(*L*)~ I’m Puertorrican & Proud of it! Born in the states & raised in P. R. WALL STREET created the housing bubble here in the states ...
#Shut up royce, very annoying!!
Where is the DESPISE button?
Just frigging help them
#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron
What does #Pendejo mean?
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
How much money do you owe PR for your failed Golf Course? We know you owe the Russians millions too, when will you pay them
~(*L*)~ ... and we (The Tax Payers) bailed them out. The same entity WALL ST created the debt mention by @realDonaldTrump in Puerto Rico ...
#WorstPresidentEver
are you going to pay what you own them? You did walk out on a $33 million debt you owed them. With interest.
People are dying because of red tape and idiotic regulations. You can do something about it. She Was Not Criticizing You. She was pleading.
Record breaking hurricanes are "not the time for climate change" discussion, but are the time for Wall Street debt discussion #priorities
Record breaking? Incorrect

1950 holds record 8 powerful hurricane's. Volcanic activity is what made Irma that strong
But hey lets ignore reality
I wasn't making a statement about climate change, I was making a comment on what's appropriate aka only things that seem to fit WH agenda
But hey, let's just be snarky assholes to each other because that's real helpful.
What part ignores reality or history? I didn't make up the multiple articles I cited that outline what records broken by 2017 hurricanes...
No you just click bait garbage and think it's gospel
Sad
The banks don't really WANT the money.  They want to OWN EVERYTHING THERE!
There are at least 2 states that owe MORE than Puerto Rico.  GET A GRIP!  And neither of them were hit by hurricanes!
And yes Wall Street and the banks should be delt with, no more high risk speculation and predatory lending
PR's debt really shouldn't be your concern,
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING! WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE OF A CRISIS SO NO WE WONT OWE THAT TILL EVERYTHING IS NORMAL!
How much do you owe to Wall Street, the banks,  and #putin?
How about they take a page out of YOUR book and just not pay it. It worked for you til you had to get $ from Russia.  We haven't forgotten.
Once Mueller deals with your banking, what you think won't matter. Have you picked out a Fed pen yet? Some are less butt-rapey than others.
You contributed to that debt when you bankrupt and default 300million dollars to PR bravo for being also part of the problem!
Then allow them to declare bankruptcy, it worked for you 8 times.
Start by paying back the $32.7M u bankrupted on. That might help a bit. Mayor didn’t complain, she asked 4 help. USA is complaining! #loser
$33mil of that is YOUR debt for your failed golf course. Nows a good time for u to pay, ppl of PR need help, not talk of owing Wall Street.
I know you won;t help because your Wall Street buddies are salivating at Puerto Rico hoping to cash in on their "buy low - sell high" plan.
STFU, you cretin
I think we can all agree that Wall Street can suck it. They just need to deal with LIVING.
Remind me how many times you declared bankruptcy again?? And how much PR taxpayers footed for you?? #PayUp
Why don't u suggest they go bankrupt every 10 years like u do? Then they won't have to pay their bills like you don't do either! Seems fair
A legend in his own mind
Debt is what's top priority right? As yours to putin just doesn't go away. Sit tight, they're coming to get you. #trumpinprison4life
Their problem is our problem--or has anyone told you that Puerto Rica is a U.S. territory?   Stop posturing @realDonaldTrump
Trump shames people of Puerto Rico for their debt. He declared bankruptcy 6 times! Is he going to repay the banks? #hypocriteInChief #resist
When Trump's Puerto Rico golf course went bankrupt, he left Puerto Rican taxpayers with a $33mm bill! And he's blaming them? #paythemback
What about YOUR debt w/Puerto Rico?! #PuertoRicoUSVIisTrumpsKatrina #PuertoRicoUSVIisTrumpsKatrina #PuertoRicoUSVIisTrumpsKatrina
President Trump find it in your heart to help our Puerto Rican these people need our help,Please !!
You could help by paying your part of that debt.
the only supporter that you will have in hell is the devil himself
What kind of low life mentions debt owed to a bank in reference to critical & life saving aid that we promise to provide?
Way to kick em while their down. Do you feel like a man now?

Here's a handy guide to how your taxes will go up, unless you make more than $471k. #PayTheirFareShare 
Quit
No, they aren't doing well, thanks to your inaction. No matter how badly you perform, you always declare undeserved victory
You owe Deutsche bank and Putin hundreds of millions on your own.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtY9OtQ5vE8&t=43s …
In your dreams
How much do you owe Puerto Rico for your failed golf course?

Keep up the great work for all Americans.
How about the money you owe them. That would be very helpful right now. Have you no conscious?
@realDonaldTrump Helping Puerto Rico YET!? Or are they not white enough?
Puerto Rico needs help NOT, and you're whining about debt??  #priorities
Are you saying you owed wall street and the banks. Well that makes sense of your cabinet picks and legislation attempts so far.
Money is your first concern?
I agree with @realDonaldTrump: "Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with."
WHO THE FUCK CARES about debt to Wall Street - people are dying and in need of help!!
Stop talking about what PR owes!  We puertorricans haven't been able to go bankrupt like you!

Not doing well.  You’re lying again.
When are you going to deal with this? Are you going to photo op in PR then give them an invoice you made up like you did to Germany?
You are aware PR is part of US right? Or is that big ocean confusing you?
This is the face of America. God Bless Our military and all they protect!
You know all about stiffing banks, Donnie. Why don't you school them in how to get away with not repaying debt? #PuertoRico
Maybe if you paid them the 13 Million you owed them in taxes over your failed golf course, they could get more done.
I am a Puertorican in PR, getting a small signal for the first time in weeks. Food, water, gas and meds are NOT DOING WELL.
- you are #1 liar - teaching kids how to not make truth matter. You've also got a very hateful attitude toward color.
You know all about getting out of paying debt and taxes why don't you give them advice.
I am in Puerto Rico, and I must say we are definitely NOT doing well.
Screw Wall Street. Create an executive order for the Day of Jubilee for Puerto Rico. Reset debt to zero, forget Wall Street.
owe so much and could fix their grit and infrestucure !!!
maybe if you pay back the 34 million dollars you stuck them with , when you bankrupt the golf course , they wouldn't
NO GMO'S  PLease Mr. President
Trump only cares for white Americans. Black and brown people stand up before historic recurrence. #orange will cling to power and abuse it.

Trump talks about Puerto Rico’s ‘massive debt’.
$33M of it came from his failed golf course.

#ThursdayThoughts
Bankruptcy for the failed golf course.  We know your tricks, Crooked Donald.
And tell everyone the reason WHY PR owes so much money, Trumpy.  Tell everyone that YOU left them with that debt when you filed
the mayor of San Juan says your lying. No gas, no power, no food, medications, STOP. The lies
please stop lying to us. Have a moral compass. We know the truth. You hate Hispanic people
Add what you owe PR .
How abt U pay back PR, w/ yr own $ the $33 million debt frm yr failed golf course in PR?! YOU filed 4 bnkruptcy - hypocrte!
Fake words from a Fake President.
Your a LOSER, POS.
Wow, you left PR with a 40 million dollar debt when you abandoned your failed golf course and never paid them back!  Is that why no help?
When Twitter is gun a way people ill be happy
How about instead of wasting time tweeting about the NFL protests which have nothing to do with disrespecting the flag you HELP PUERTO RICO!

Yes, he got smart.
Birther 1: Send 3M US flags to PR. Delivery in person. Send water, food, gasoline, and supplies.  You will add 3M standing patriots to base!
How about paying that 30 million you left Porto Rico holding the bag when you let your golf course go bankrupt
speaking of Wall Street..what, IF anything, are you doing about the continued 'illegal foreclosures-'lost the original Note", across Amer?
Owed to Wall Street by you before the election! A real leader would give a hand to help those in need! Not run from it and make excuses!
Forgive me, new to this.,.though the people of Puerto Rico is of the highest priorities...I am still asking other 'homelessness' q's such as

As a combat vet, I fought Nazis ofWWII. Today I #takeaknee, once more, in solidarity w/my brothers&sisters still fighting 4 equality&justice 
And didn't you leave PR holding the bag for $33 mil for another one of your  wildly unsuccessful ventures?
Is that why it took eight days to get a three-star general down there
trump, wtf is wrong with you? obviously you know nothing about PR's debt. it's an American territory that needs help. do something.
Assign Navy Admiral to coordinate rescue/recovery in Puerto Rico & Virgin Islands. Give him/her all the resources they ask for. Send boats.
All the women in glass boxes, ur hire more security personnel! Like any normal person. Simple is always best
Even with a "deal making"billionaire, add politics and they turn to shit? If u had the casinos and a cereal purse thief. U wouldn't put ...
More jobs for people long term. Less stress and worries from under staffed places. Why is it that simple logic and problem salving skills..
U can't be this stupid! "Build the wall" u will need it patrolled to check for damages/hooks hanging. So just fully staff patrol now
Stop forcing the crap we know in our face and invest in jobs so people can pay to buy it.
And stop them from wasting money on advertisement we keep trying to get away from. Coke Pepsi many many more billions on tv spots.
You mean the illegitimate debt with insane interest rates.
No billionaire need to make a choice self greed or a proud American. Invest in career opportunities for jobs replacing robots.

So you're gonna bring debt into this NOW? You are officially the single worst President in American history. Congratulations, you fuck. @VP
Tweetie shut up!
Here's a novel idea - tell the banks that got bailed out that they need to forgive an equal amount of debt from #PuertoRico.
Pay Puerto Rico back the money you stole from them you dotard
What about the money you owed to various workers n companies you didn't pay by filing for bankruptcy Pay Puerto Rico b4 pointing fingers
You're 'unconsionable Trump!There's a cold hard stone where ur heart should be!Puerto Ricans ARE AMERICAN.Send HELICOPTERS
You're a BIGLY reason for PR's financial problems Don the Con.
Those Americans are a little brown. You'd better ignore them. #YouAsswipe
33 million of Puerto Rico's debt CAME FROM YOUR FAILED GOLF COURSE!!!
http://www.snopes.com/trump-puerto-rico-golf-course/ …
You don’t put debt above people. You put people above debt, There is a human moral imperative to deal with that situation first.
Lift the Jones Act then and help our brothers and sisters in PR
maybe you should pay port Rico back the money you personally owe them !!

DO YOUR JOB!!! 3.5 MILLION US Citizens need help in PR. You spend your time protecting YOUR 1%er CRONIES! DEPLORABLE!!!
Ameri Puerto Ricans r dying today & u have abandoned them.WE're as much American as TX, FL & U.People are dying it's ur fault.I never forget
NOBODY is doing well.People are dying & the blood is in your hands.Shame on u. You've abandoned PRican people to die while talking about NFL
You've already failed the Puerto Rico USA people.U looked the other way.U r responsible.I'll never forget the dealy bc of u.I voted 4 u
@SenJohnMcCain why no MANDATORY leave of absence? Studies show treatment of brain tumors causes cognitive disorders
What are you doing to help??? Please take action now!!
You're a monster.
What about the $33 million YOU stuck Puerto Rico with when U took Bankruptcy. If U paid them back it might help them get on their feet.
really? Wall Sreet banks need $ more so than FEMA?! WTF. Could only come out of the mouth of Trump.
What the hell!!! Money owed must be dealt with? Doesn't sound like food, water, and medical are your top priority if you bring up debt first
Your heart is just black. What a thing to highlight now, especially when Congress is responsible for much of Puerto Rico's $ crises
And believe it or not I created a Twitter account just to be able to say that since you're known for just paying attention to social media
Because YES Mr. President we ARE American. We HONOR the flag and you are just letting Puerto Ricans fend for themselves and die slowly
So instead of worrying about their debt why don't you simply do the job that YOU were voted for and help out your fellow Americans
To make way for the FEMA workers. They were placed in an abandoned property at the moment with no food, water, power or anything to help
Do you even realize what's going on over there? They REMOVED women with small children, elders, handicapped, and families from the shelters
So no aid till they pay up..!!! Is that what you are saying??  They don't vote in usa elections so they are of no use to you.
Hillary told you to deplore comfort ship which should have been done day one..the ship would have been there by now
WTF
IMPEACH
You are disgusting.  Can't wait for Mueller to finish his investigation.  Maybe we can find you a cell in PR.
These states debts did not matter. Why should Puerto Rico’s? You are shameful in whom you chose to protect. It is transparent.
Maybe they should do as Trump has done many times and file for bankruptcy - BondHolders must realise they must take a haircut now
deal with PR debt to Wall Street & banks by repeal and NOT replace Jones Act.
How many Millions did you stiff them for and leave them holding the bag, You Damn crook!
If you want to help P.R. suspend the Jones Act. Unless you really don`t give a damn about them.
Let's get our reset and gold backed currency going. Stay strong Mr President, get rid of the Fed.
Way to kick em when they're down, Donny Boy. Always a class act
