YOU'RE A VERY SICK & BROKEN PERSON, MENTALLY, PHYSICALLY, EMOTIONALLY & SPIRITUALLY
YOU ARE RUINING THIS COUNTRY
YOU NEED TO STEP DOWN
SAD!


Last time I checked he’s in The White House and if you live in the #USA and are a citizen, he’s your #POTUS You gotta love that huh punk ? Bwaaaah !!!!
You sound a little unhinged
Are you ok? lol
Nope, if you’re a citizen of the #USA he is your President. Like I said, yer gonna love the next 7 years. Tighten your chinstrap
Nope
You live in the USA ? If so, he’s your guy
How much longer before you get the fuck outa office? #notsoonenough
So what trump? Are you bragging? You always are!
Those pipeline are leaking millions of barrels of oil now.
How do you feel about that? 
There were protests where you had federal agents shoot people in the face for telling you they would leak. They were right. 
How do those agents feel now?
You are all pathetic.
That’s the current oil spill area at Keystone. SAD!

MIPER: Mentally Ill President Enabled by Republicans.
You behave like a child. You dishonor the office.
No one's apauding YOU. BUT GHOST
Russian sanctions bill is not implemented.  Another of your failures
Yeah they forgot to mention that you totally fucked everything up... But we will always remember that, Donald. #pathetic #loser #
Hmm look at California if want to know what kind of damage the left and environmentalists do more carbon in the atmosphere than automobiles
Do they drug test you
Dude. Those are all really really terrible things for our country. Also this:

#StolenSupremeCourtSeat #TrumpIsAFuckingMoron #LameDuckPresident
Welcome to the new oil spill on the wilderness of Alaska. Keep at it.
So dismantling the epa is a good thing? How about fixing those fantom problems w/o making USA a 3rd world country
We are not forgetting about Puerto Rico even though you seem to. You slam the NFL but the neo-Nazis are OK w/you.Worse president in history
The only credit you get is Supreme Court. Congrats!!
during a protest against plans to pass the #Dakota Access pipeline near the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, near Cannon Ball, #NorthDakota
According to me, this tweet matches up with this one from October 2013: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/385421673437986817 …
He was focused - on taking a crap and wiping with those tiny hands.
The Paris Accord helps protect the planet, which includes America! Let's keep America GREAT!
It did nothing 4 America 
Like most other Democratic deals
A big ol money pit

@realDonaldTrump let's keep the @NFL on their knees all day and get our National Anthem Trending  https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=national+anthem&view=detail&mid=DA51E337871275CFEE6BDA51E337871275CFEE6B&FORM=VRRTAP&vrvid=DA51E337871275CFEE6BDA51E337871275CFEE6B%3b1CEF4758160B88B85FB61CEF4758160B88B85FB6 …
https://soundcloud.com/mona-lidji-fishman/thank-you-president-trump-new-rock-song-for-trump-america-loves-donald-trump …
Great but Marino??? Drug lord!!
Reaching. You are not a winner no matter how you spin it Mr. President.
#resign 
#25thAmendment
You're celebrating people drinking dirty water and breathing polluted air. Yeah, some "accomplishments" those are.
Says the “mystery man” hiding behind a silly picture..really
Your profile pic is of a random beach. F**k off.
Jealous?



And there you have it
When our coral reefs die, our oceans will die. When our oceans die, our planet will die.
Why is #TRUIMP constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? Wait he hated @BarackObama #Hypocrisy
OH HONEYYYYYYY 
keep up the good work mr president
So you want more negative press? Gotcha
The EPA is suppose to help protect our earth. You could care less!
I’m quite educated. Thank you. The shit Trump does is harmful to the environment. Science proves it. But wait. Y’all don’t believe in science.
Y’all meaning those who believe climate change is fake and that shit like coal and giant oil spills don’t hurt our environment. Y’all.
I said nothing about solar panels.
Keep ruining the environment and 8gnoring what the EPA neess to do
Everything you're talking about is destroying the planet.  So two . ... go ahead .... take credit.
Why would you brag about what you did to screw over the future of America???
Yeah, the world is thrilled that you're destroying our planet. #MoronInChief #RESIGN
Plus we have a phony ass president don't know anything he doing are we going to stand let them for everything we wantworkforenough is enough
He is so sick. What he's doing, sickness is sure to follow
Shut up,please!
At what point in your grandchildren's lives do you think that tapping into this planet's natural resources are going to run out? What then?
RT @realDonaldTrump Now would be a great time for YOU to follow up on #Healthcare & get rid of the congressional exemption from #Obamacare .
You monster!
WTF is wrong with you? You brag about things a decent human would be ashamed of and you do it so naturally. You're so broken...such a mess.
Your on the wrong side of history assholeno work = feckless fat fool.
HOW MUCH MONEY DID YOUR VESTED INTREST MAKE WHEN YOU APPROVED THIS
We don’t have anything without an environment
Your making America sick.
sad
Gave environment  to the biggest polluters all for a quick buck.Conservatives know what you are, voted for you have no moral compass
you must hate your kids/Grandkids since you don’t want to save the earth for them. #Resist
Time to dump Trump
All of those things are bad
You have cut EPA to a toothless Agency.  Now thousands if not Millions will become sick & many die. POTUS IS A MURDERER of future Americans
These are not good things
Look at what China's doing, moron!  Coal and fossil fuels are DEAD!  China is producing clean energy, solar, wind, etc.  ...
....You're turning the USA into a third world country.  You are a dinosaur.  We know you stole our election.  The world is laughing at you..
Sad news for America. Waste of taxpayers money, don't need the oil.
Anyone who plans on continuing to breath for the foreseeable future knows they need clean air, except you, #DumbDonald
Oh yes, I'm the great polluter.
Nothing is great about a bad agenda for the future
You suck. Go away.
Yeah, ppl LOVE that ur doing away with our environmental protections. Cant wait for r rivers & lakes n Ohio to burn again & thick air, yea!
I work for a non-profit environmental org. in Cincy. We do some work for the EPA. Not any longer though.
You are bragging about destroying our environment for generations to come? Congratulations on screwing everyone on the planet. #dotard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FagvwUyiUMY&index=3&list=PLIwzXth25lqpQtU5LtPOkz6Cni0lyiFeP.000 …
That’s just a limited list of your #MAGA disasters.  Why suddenly so modest? 
we - the people - do not want this
Pipelines=Broken treaties, stollen indian burial grounds, only someone with no conscience could okay something like this!
These are all very bad things!
This is what happens when you surround yourself with people that don't know what they are doing!
Only thing to come to fruition is your Supreme Court pick. Nothing else

So effin’ hilarious how u think these things are good !! Read your memos u fool and see how @EPA regulation are NEEDED !!!!
2 of my 5 sons are Active Military. God Forbid something happens. You better pray
Anti labor judges and anti environment outdated fuel options. Brilliant
ugh
Translation: "look at how I'm fucking up- not just a country, but an entire ecosystem."
Just horrible! I wanna cry
Your desperation is showing, Donnie. Time for a nap?
We need a true leader not a divider. We need good president that can put us on the board. Not someone who is making money out of us. We need leader that has compassion toward his people, not a person who berate us. A true leader is respected not laughed at.
...your kept or unkept promises and do your f*cking job. No one wants to work w/ or for you. No one wants to be attached to you or this 2/
Hooray for destroying the Earth! #maga
Your EPA is going to cause sickness and death by rescinding the rules and    Regulations they are cancelling
Get a life Trumptard
Unlike you losers, I have a vary big and smart IQ.

TRUMP-Picture your grandchildren in a world SO hot that their shoes sink in melting asphault & their lungs fill w/ disease causing pollution
Yay great. Big $$ companies can now poison our air and water legally. So much winning 
How about you get some new wall construction started?
#NotFitforPresident Sole accomplishments is dismantling protections for workers and heir children and cutting taxes to the rich. Despicable.
Good Job POTUS!!
All horrible.  Are you proud of this shit???
Yeah!  Look at the poisoned water, air, and land!  Isn't it great we don't have the EPA anymore?  Praise the KKK in the Supreme Court, too!
You are a worldwide laughing stock. In Europe past 2 weeks and the entire WORLD laughs AT YOU! It’s sad for America to have a clown POTUS.
PLEASE RESIGN  !!
Great Job Mr Prez!!
I voted for you.  Do not name Marino as drug czar.  He is the swamp.
Yeah for you...and your investments in Keystone and Dakota and Coal. More $ in your pocket at the expense of global environment #crookeddjt
Not a fan of Keystone but would accept it if you could keep wind turbines out of Nebraska Sandhills.   Please end wind turbine subsidies.
All of these so-called accomplishments of yours have done more to destroy our country then anything in the last 20 years.
Most of these things are bad. You suck. #resign
yes, the country is good no to hell with you at the helm.
The new EPA is complicit in the murder of people by hurricanes and fires resulting from lax regulations of polluters. #GOPlies
Oil leaking all across the country. Pollution pollution pollution.
Why you would publicize these things with anything other than shame is beyond me. "Look at me! I'm destroying the environment!" #impeach
fine
Are you happy with your decision???
These are not accomplishments to be proud of. History will not look kindly on your environmental record.
So, you WANT the New York Times to dredge up all of your biggest failures? That's an interesting strategy. #Resistance #resist #failedpotus
None of those are good things!
You realize that undoing is not doing, don't you.  You can't claim accomplishments when it's just undoing real accomplishments.
What is so sad you think that is all good. You are helping to destroy Earth. Any idea where we're going after Earth becomes inhabitable?
Horde of sheeple making comments about something they read on the internet by people who know less about it than they themselves. America
#UnfitToBePresident #2545NOW
Genocidal planet killer!
Pipelines will contaminate our water and the disregard of the EPA will take our breath away and burn up the earth. ? supreme court justice.
YOUR CANCELLATION IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW
THE SUPREME COURT JUSTICE YOU STOLE?????
THAT'S NOT HOW GOVT SHOULD WORK. EVERYTHING YOU & REPUBS DO IS CORRUPT! STEAL ELECTIONS! NO ETHICS!
The reasons you should be out of office.
All are abject failures! But you know anout busineds failures, dont you


ALL BAD.
You are destroying the U.S. environmental future not to mention how it affects the globe. Remember, money matters not when no air or water
The Republican agenda will be the end of the USA
Hooray for screwing over the world! Thanks Trump for destroying the world for our children!
You will be remembered as the Planet Destroyer
Not my POPE! !!!!!!!!
Wow there is nothing new nor yours in there, everything is repeal Obama's doing, you have not given any new policy or program, deal, nothing
So you're celebrating pollution and a justice who shouldn't be on the bench because @GOP play dirty?
keep your fucking hands off our oil...you ready to war with your own people and Canadians?
