Nervous, aren't you? Feel the walls closing in. Don't know who to trust now. We're all so suspicious of you it makes you suspicious of us.
People are starting to call out your lies right to your face. There's so little fear left. You need us more than we you, and we all know it.
Even Jared and Ivanka are angry, saying this was all a big mistake and you never should have run. You're going to destroy their inheritance.
All the money in the world but you have next to nothing. Only thing left is the adoring fans and their endless adulation. Time for a rally.
But the goddamned news won't shut up! You hate the DV-R but you can't look away either. You have to know if they know. Guess what. We know.
Laughing up their sleeves. JFC.
"What are they saying? If we hadn't been caught lying we'd be running the country right now?"
Brazile has even admitted that she repeatedly lied. Repeatedly. After doing something that's likely an offense. Never punished.
Did you see the video of the CNN panel attacking Scottie bc she talked about what Brazile did? No apology.
Well, CNN. Enough said. Viacom.
Trump approval rating 36%, a new low. Every Repub policy hated, esp AHCA. No Repub congressman has courage 2 face a townhall of constituents
No polls predicted Hillary would win in a landslide. 538's last poll said HRC was up 2% in pop vote, which she did win by 2%.
But fine, polls could be inaccurate. Trump's approval rate might be 35%. Or lower.
I'm actually laughing at you bro. This is some first rate unraveling.
What does KARMA look like for those who start up Birtherism theories?

Mr. President, that’s not how the directors of the FBI, CIA, NSA, DIA, NGA, and the ODNI see it.

When all else fails, blame "Rusha Wikileaks!" *sigh*
Blame Obama right?
No, Obama says they don't know of a Russian connection
Oh really? Does he say that now, or are you going back several months to the beginning of the investigation?
There has been no revelation since (relating to this subject), they now obsess over linking Trump to Russia.
That's a good answer. It's unfortunately not an answer to the question I asked you about what you claim "Obama says".
People of other countries would admire the USA, or fear us, or hate us, but they never laughed at us.....until now, thanks to you.
They laughed at us the entire time Obama was in office with his bowing and apology tour. Lol
The apology tour. Such crap. Diplomacy is apology, but threatening other countries will MAGA. Crazy.
It's a FACT n everyone seems to know that except for U.  Lol
LOL! Because he bowed to the Japanese Prime Minister? It's a sign of respect. Unbelievable...
Then why has no other president ever done that before him. Lol
Nixon
That shut her crazy shit down! Well played, sir. You have won Twitter for the night.
Russians don't wear sleeves.

laughing up their sleeves? dementia - u are about to lose everything donald - make a deal - save ur children - u r not well - RESIGN djt  GO
Is that supposed to be funny or ironic or sardonic? It's none of those things.  Which is why you've been sidelined for a decade.
Ellen stole your gig for two reasons.  She's likable and she's not crazy.
Maybe that's why President Obama kept saying no to the visit @realDonaldTrump #maga
almost as funny as that haircut.
Have you heard that term before? Laughing up their sleeves? I just came up with it last week.
No, but I am going to start using it immediately.
You mean like this?
Dipshit.
@Rosie.Truth."laughing up their sleeves"-"word salad?" w/ hyperverbal, tangential, flight of ideas, irritabilty, perservorating..Bipolar?
malignant narcissist - borderline - dementia - physically he has never looked worse - i don't think he can withstand it for much longer

You do know Trump was on a reality show? That makes him a celebrity. 
Or maybe laughing bc they got to film every square inch of the Oval Office.Or bc they got VIP WH treatment after trying to hack our election
Who knows what they snuck in and planted in the Oval. That's what I would be worried about
Why are you like this? You are a 70 yrold man running a country who tweets this weird whiney antagonistic stuff. Why?
More to the point why is he still being allowed to do it ?
And yet NOTHING on this?  The @FBI has confirmed that this @GOP foundation is being RAIDED as we tweet. Firing #Comey DIDN'T from coming.

But he's still campaigning and raising campaign funds? There must be a reason for this. McConnell's compliance is also suspicious.
No victory as of yet, not until a bipartisan conclusion into this investigation is reached, whatever that may be.
The Russians are laughing because you've betrayed this country, doing Russia's bidding from the Oval Office.
Does doing Russia's bidding come before or after bombing their ally, Syria?

While they jeopardize our security by blocking treasury nominee, who will sanction Russia, thus empowering Russians
Democrats are in bed with Russia!
Democrat politicians are worthless, partisan hypocrites. If all left DC today, would anyone notice? Except the air would smell sweeter

 
You, sir, are a liar. Scumbag of the first order. A fraud. A power hungry psycho. An emotional child. An idiot. A buffoon. An embarrassment
Ladies and gentleman, the President of the United States is a child. A child.
My apologies
Most kids are better behaved than this. This is spoiled rich kid wanting a Rolls instead of the Jag he got for getting a D+ in math behavior
He's smarter than y'all, so where does that place you?
Ok 
He's a billionaire, he's president, he has socks that cost more than you will ever make.
Socks that cost more than I'll ever make!? My god! I've been wrong all along. What a GREAT president he must be...
They were laughing at you yesterday.

1. That you hosted their touchdown dance in your office

2. That you allowed them to bring cameras in
They're laughing because you let them into the Oval Office of the @WhiteHouse, you buffoon. #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #ImpeachTrump @funder
Everyone is laughing at you, dude. Nervously.
Oh mate....I'm sorry to b the one to break it to you but the fact is: the whole world is laughing (out loud) at your demented   "Presidency"
"Laughing up their sleeves?"
just fucking resign, you demented dumbass
Yes we're all LAUGHING UP OUR SLEEVES what the hell are you even talking about you traitorous incompetent pig fart??
Thank you Mr President for your outstanding service to this country, support you 100%. #MAGA #winning #Women4Trump #AmericaFirst
If anyone is lauging, it's at your horrendous leadership skills.
What do polls say about @realDonaldTrump as president...? Take a look here...
People would saybthe same about u or U if the media 90% of the media spent all day every day rumning us n2 the ground w/lies & distortions.
Which lies....??
Americans R laughing at democrats 4 reaching over the moon 4 lies & deceit against U. We have faith N U N every respect Mr. President.
Democrats ARE Americans.  And we are not laughing.

They are certainly laughing, but I think it's your peepee tape that they're watching.
I have it on a loop to masterchef to? It doesn't sound like kitchen-appropriate viewing material.
Pretty sure they're still cracking up that you let them into the Oval Office yesterday while you kept the U.S. press out.
You definitely seem not mad bro
You mean "something up their sleeves" I'm sure of it.  Also, please seek help.  #Twitler #MixedMetaphors #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Fire Mike huckabee as your joke writer.
Do you mean....Russia HAS SOMETHING up their sleeves? Because yes, I agree.
Wow, that's.... clever? Is that what clever looks like?, Cuz reading these verified anti-Trump army tweets, I forget.

#MAGA! 
Nah, you're right. I should've stuck to a hashtag and the same emojis over and over again. Now THAT would be clever.
Bahh! Don't be salty and jealous of my trigger spice.  Get your own.

#MAGA! 
World laughing at you, fake @potus, who lets Russian "media" aka spies run loose in Oval Office as you grip/grin with Kremlin puppetmasters.
"Russia" is a singular noun so it should be "its sleeves". Hope that helps.
They're so confused  

KEEP USING IDIOMATIC EXPRESSIONS
POTUS keep pushing your America 1st agenda & focus on 2018 election! We America 1st people'll be there! Let MSM & libs spew! We'll ignore!!!
#Pray ForOUR President Donald Trump:May LORD Continue to Bless,Protect,Strengthen President,VP,Military,National Guard,Park_Police from Evil
Amen!!! We need to let him know we are here!!!


I just woke up from a two year coma. Why is Donald Trump posting this on Twitter?
u don't wanna know
You just can't get over that damn election.  You are going to prison for treason. #impeachtrumpnow #trumprussia
Laughing up their sleeves? Did this not translate well from the original message Putin asked you to tweet?

Guess you would know with all SECRET meetings.NOT GOOD. Can't lock out U.S. THIS is AMERICA!! If you want that then go to RUSSIA.. NOT HERE!
If you had any competency as a leader, you would try to bridge the gap between the major parties, instead of furthering the divide.
Couldn't even show her face & give a concession speech to her fans the night of the election. Not a peep from the media about that!!
Oh, they're laughing, all right. In your office, in your face. I saw it in Tass.
Armando Ianucci himself couldn't have concieved a farce this fantastic.
should you be tweeting right now? https://twitter.com/jemillerwbal/status/862721747203829762 … #TrumpCAMPAIGN #RICO #GOPInvestigation
FBI investigation of GOP fundraising firm in Annapolis is run out of Washington, not a local case
Russia is laughing at YOU, Donnie, for the way they tricked you into letting them take photos of you & a Russian spy in the Oval Office.
With all due respect, I am a Democrat who voted & support you, my President.  First & foremost, I am an American!!  God Bless you & USA!
You are true American. I am a 100% disabled Viet Nam Vet and you make me feel proud and I wish you could have beenj at my empty home coming.
I thank you for your service, sir.  I lost my father, a Marine, during Vietnam in a horrible plane crash.  It shaped my life & beliefs.
how does someone laugh up their sleeve?

you're a fool
Watching the self inflicted banana republic USA & its Russian orange baboon is great fun Lets hope USA has enough democracy to jail him(-:
easy way to tell if they're laughing - lift your head and lean back for a sec.
call Putin and ask him.
Putin is hysterically laughing. Especially since @HillaryClinton gave him 20%+ of Americas Uranium. Sure hope DOJ Indicts The Clinton Mafia!
WE CRY FOR JUSTICE for those hurt by the Clintons corruption!!!!
Resign
The US is tearing itself apart because of you
They are laughing at how easy and cheap they bought you. #notmypresident
We know liberals are petulant children crying! We're ignoring them now like we did on Nov8th!!! Know that! We don't care what they push!!!
America isn't tearing itself self apart! It's liberals, DC establishment & MSM! We who voted for you know what idiots & leeches they are!!!

Isn't it time someone told Mitch McConnell & Paul Ryan that their pet homunculus has chewed through its restraints?
While you blather on here, you put the people responsible for the financial crash of 2008 into your administration.
WHAT ARE YOU SO AFRAID OF? If I were innocent, I'd welcome an investigation. I think you protest too much....
Man, you are batshit crazy.
I think the #Russians are 'laughing up their sleeves' at how easy our leadership hands over TS info. Oh #whataboutheremails
The world is laughing because you have turned America into a reality show spectacle.
The world is laughing because you are grossly incompetent.
#SadIrony Is that the Russians have copyright on the picture you used! Your a orange gone bad in a box of red apples #ImpeachDrumpf

YOU'RE THE LAUGHING STOCK OF
THE WORLD !
Continuing LIES & PURE BS from our CRIMINAL POTUS. Be afraid, Trump. Be VERY afraid.
The Democrats and the Russians are working together to undermine president Trump. Intelligent people know what's going on.
It has nothing to do with the loss. It has to do with Russian influence of your win. And all of your associates involving Russians. Corrupt?
Mr . Donald Trump President of United States. U would have lost ,sir the race if the F B I director haven't done what he done to miss Clinto
Who cares what Russia thinks? I care about affordable healthcare,  clean water and clean air does that matter to you?
Thanks to you, Russia is laughing at our WHOLE nation, and the idiots who put you in the WH. #babyhands #disgrace #resignnow
They aren't laughing at us, they are laughing AT YOU!
Russia laughs loudest at their puppets.
Russia is laughing up their sleeves for you letting Russian press not American press into the meeting. #impeach
I have to handed to @realDonaldTramp; he won thanks to people who vote con-artist. Rich people they bought the seat. Great economic market!!
#RUSSIA started laughing when they found out the got the perfect #puppet in you , #Clinton warned us all
They just can't deal with you winning...and the fast moving good job you're doing!! Keep up the hard work...we need you for "8"!
Why are you still talking about that!?!?!!!!! This is so embarrassing!!
They are really laughing as well at the suggestion as Garland as an FBI Director pick. Hell, nominate Hillary as well and Lynch.
Now- tell us again - why do you love Russia so much? What have they ever done for the US? (Not you personally, we already know that.)
Donald U should certainly know what Russia is Doing. Get Ur New Orders Yet Comrade??
Is that really an expression, "Laughing up their sleeves"? Or is that just more bullshit that you excel in?
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over their their puppet win the election and become POTUS
The World and  Americans included are laughing at you, the moral decay of the Republican party is being well documented for history
Oh, they're laughing, but for a slightly different reason. Think of the one person you truly love. He's their comic relief.
They are laughing at you, AT YOU!
They're laughing, cause you're the mini me of Putin
NO they r  laughing at YOU but PUTIN Wants his $$$ from u N your crew @kellyz713 @bodysculptorokc @kiki22wj @mmpadellan @sawsharee
Way to MAKE AMERICA GREAT, taunt the American people like the 4 year old child that you CONSTANTLY act like!!
Your obsession with the election needs to be addressed. #Psychiatry #Narcissist #psychological
No they're licking their chops at your spiteful devisive criticism of your American adversaries, just waiting for you to trip over your lios
What is laughing up their sleeves? Do you  even Twitter BRO???
keep the faith and don't let them get u down! Your no.1 fan n Palm Bach Co. GO TRUMP!!
So true!!
Nope. As usual tubby, the joke is on you.
Russia must be laughing at the inadequacy of our 45th President. I know I am.
How about you quit dividing the nation and DO YOUR FUCKING JOB?!
I would vote for you again.  We need positive change for ALL Americans. Clinton was worthless, with no message, & corrupt. Continue to MAGA!
Excuse? Fix us! You're the real reason other countries are laughing at us!!! I supported and voted for u and I feel betrayed by ur actions!
and Im sure you know that first hand since u met with the prime minister. In fact im sure u laughed together. #trumprussia
you sir undermine the honor of the USA
You embarrass the integrity of the USA, you blotus#45 fatty fat are a blight on USA.
Like the story of the boy calling 'wolf' the story will eventually get old to viewers - hopefully before they can start WWIII with lies.
Maybe he should try being a banana I always liked them better than oranges anyway
The elections over, try to do your job!!!
Our President makes less and less sense every damn day. Its disturbing.
if the U.S is tearing apart, as a president shouldn't to be able to stop that and stop tweeting all day?
A consistent pattern of behavior has emerged...whatever blunders you make, blame someone or something else. You're mental. Get help.
no sir. They are laughing at you
Reminder, investigation into #TrumpRussiaCollusion began July 2016! #fact
why are you stuck in December 2016? Are you ever going to start being a positive role model, show you can do your job?
The world is laughing at you @POTUS  @realdonaldtrump...
You incompetent liar...17 US intelligence agencies said Russia interfered in the US election 2016....
@4TruthAndReason You will never know me, but this week me and another hacker potentially saved your life.
"Laughing up their sleeves?" Is that an expression? I guess it's better than when you said "Obama signs exec orders like they're butter."
#draintheswamp and please start with @MaxineWaters - she is a treasonous, seditious witch as is @NancyPelosi - both are demented.
They are laughing at how easily U are manipulated
I wouldn't b surprised if the Clintons aren't the root of all the negative press!
'an PRESIDENT @PutinRF_Eng &HIS  PARLIAMENT LDERS SEE @TheDemocratsAS A BUNCH OF INSANELY WEAK CRY's LOSING 2@POTUS@realDonaldTrump
Just remembered what goes comes around. Now we will discover what huge crooks Obama, Hillary and the leftist communist are.
Watergate would have been so much more entertaining if Nixon had had Twitter. Keep em coming, Oompa.
Russia probably sees the communist trying too take over our country. Look at Europe, now that's a mess. We don't need that here. Nuff gimme
personally I've never known another president to b crucified daily by the media. I'm really disappointed & sick of it!
Russia is laughing at you b/c you didn't even know the info you gave them was secret. How could anyone be sooo stupid?
Actually, they are laughing...they are laughing at you. Thankfully, the founding fathers protected us from people like you. We will be ok!
Did you forget...Dems won the popular vote. You lost the popular vote. Why keep bringing it up, more than 6 months later?? Worried??
sooooo tired of the Russia narrative.. when will it end!!!!
they're doing more than laughing right now they're testing our Military to see how ready for them we are thru EMT's, Flybys & Bombings
Really it is your apparent cover up that is tearing us up.  Obvious you do not know U will be exonerated.  Probably impeached 4 coverup sad
That's not why they're laughing.
Amen.
It certainly looks as if CIA interfered in 2016 U.S. election. Perhaps blaming the Russians is attempt to get the attention off the agency.
Drain the swamp till thier all gone
Oh they are laughing, just like the rest of the world, for us electing you. You're so stupid it hurts. Your supporters are worse.
My semi pro cycling friend slows down when dogs chase so they wear themselves out. Keep the democrats in full hysteria mode shows themselves
Didn't you say that you were going to #unite the country? Tweets like this aren't helping. #impeachhim
No the only laughing be done is at your incompetence.
We Americans are absolutely giddy about the thought of you being impeached and jailed for treason and obstruction of justice!  #trumprussia
They are laughing because u are still President !! " Not for long "
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. president leaks CLASSIFIED intel to them without even blinking.
Stop blaming other parties. This is the shit that tears everyone apart. Moron. Blame people and their actions not groups.
Absolutely true !
Word is if Hillary crapped on Anderson Pooper- Coopers desk,he will lick it up like the lap dog that he is!
#FakePresident, Russkies laughing at YOU! Ironic callin' Comey "nutjob"; likely'll be Jared's nickname in da joint. #Russiagate #LockThemUp!
No they r laughing at the states cause u r a joke
seu viado corno e baitola vai toma no cu se baidi
It's entirely possible
@NoLeftTurn2 Mister President , we are still out here and we still support you 100%.
President Trump, you should tell them to kiss your as. Don't let them detract you. Drain the swamp...
It is NOT a Dem vs Repub issue. It IS an issue of National Security. Trump, and far too many Repubs have come out AGAINST National Security.
The man who is unable 2govern (judging by reality), takes refuge in low  arguments, in trying 2convince people 2let him govern  #Trump #USA
You are acting like a 70 yo child! grow tf up! Stop tweeting like you don't have other things to working! Omg
No - their just laughing at you. As the rest of the world is.
Russia is it getting exactly what they paid you for
Your shareholders want results, not excuses. you can't get't together they'll find someone who will. You're not king, sorry. It's business!
Until you Mr. Trump get impeached
That's the stupidest comment ever! We have got over the lost, why haven't you? If you would act like a pres of the US we could handle it!
It's so awesome that the world is laughing at us because of you, u ass
no they are laughing because we have a Moe Fine in the WH
get a life and get behind are President
Democrats = cry babies.
Thanks 4 sticking up for fellow Americans like a President should.

Oh wait, @BarackObama stuck up for us. You never have, tiny man.
While we're looking for memos how about Comey's memo on Hillary Clinton. We want transparency.
They are laughing at you!
I'm gonna be laughing my ass off when you're impeached. 
The vodka must be flowing big time to celebrate  every night as they watch American Fake news.
