You behavior is disgusting and childish. Calling people names makes you feel like a big man, huh? #notmypresident #RussiaGate
So says the man who admitted to being schooled about North Korea by Xi Jinping, and who doesn't read briefing papers longer than a page.

        research & build nukes as well. Why are you singling out & threatening   ???

Your fixation over the Clintons will serve you well as you sit in your cell.
You were tremendous at the UN.   I am 73 years old and never thought the UN was doing a good job.  Keep it up!
Forget Hillary.  You're supposed to look forward and not waste time on the past.  You're ridiculous.
Didn't the test in 2006 under Bush, and didn't you know our Allie Pakistan who we give Billions, contribute and create NK'S nuke program?

I wonder sometimes if you are alive in today's world ?  DO YOU REALIZE how critical NK is & WHO-O-WHY r u concerned about HC & emmy's ? @CNN
Seriously I WANT TO KNOW ?  DO YOU EVEN CARE WHAT HAPPENS TO THIS COUNTRY, YOUR CHILDREN, YOUR GRANDCHILDREN ?
Hillary needs to go home and be quiet.  If we wanted her, we would have elected her.
You're blaming North Korea on Hillary Clinton?
Yes, yes he is. He's insane.
I'm confused. Remind me, which of you is under investigation for collusion & financial fraud? And you have the audacity to call her crooked?
Seriously, how can you, of all people call someone else crooked??
The village idiot is BACK!
Isnt that always the case w/clintons .they fill their pockets today rhen change their minds
I say stop all trade with China until China takes care of rocket boy. Do this Mr. President and the country will salute you
Petty and small minded. You're wrong about NK. Your bully tactics will get us all killed.
.@realdonaldtrump
Do you have to give nicknames to everybody?
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW WTF YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT! NO WAR, NO TAX CUTS!
Ur lies n stupidity r embarrassing. Talk to Putin. He gave N Korea, their Nuke tech. Nothing 2 say to Putin? U r a Putin bootlicker #Treason
I'm pretty sure that the N Koreans have been building bombs before the Previous administration
is the only crooked person.  Mueller will show all very soon.  Get ready.  There'll be no pardoning either.
Looks like you have upper your twitter army,   @potus.
Accept the stalemate position US has been cornered by tiny hermit NK. David and Goliath scenario. Hack NK satellite or try diplomacy. No war

Can you explain how they allowed them to Buildnukes?
So now you want to commit mass genocide and wipe out the entire country?
I'm pretty sure he doesn't WANT to 
Didn't Bill stop the nuke program Bc he used diplomacy? Also, your speech was embarrassing/horrifying. Try learning?
Get over it u r just jealous of Hillary and it shows. She is smarter and more popular than you. Ur new nickname Tiny Dancer
You know - you are getting repetitive like a broken record traitor Trump!!!
You are president now Donny boy. What are you doing other than name calling and making threats? So shallow stop being a braggard & bully.
WHO CARE WHAT SHE SAYS
Calling people names just makes you look like a child!  Stop!!!
Mr. President . I like how you call Kim Jun Un Rocket Man. I think that's hysterical. LOL.
well said Mr President. this Latino deplorable loves you.
Once again she got under your skin and you can't handle it!

#TrumpSoHard
You're a failure and being invesitigated, can't wait to hear those wiretaps! 
And btw Trump was right 
Trump has never been right about anything!
Of course not...He became a Billionaire by always being wrong 
That's a laugh, he's broke and living on Putin's dime and taxpayers of course, Mueller is going to bust them all!

Leave them and let them face the consequences ,we are together
Omg shut up.
All you do is talk about Hillary. Obsessed much?
Hillary seems as obsessed with him too... guess is mutual love
after failing to study the situation and listen to your advisors, you have made it much worse. You're ego is the problem...
WTF
They both are full of BULL SHIT
No one “allowed” me to build nukes. I build nukes because I am Supreme Leader. 
PS: That noose is tightening around your neck. Can you feel it?
#MuellerTime #NorthKorea #LockHimUp #BREAKING
Hillary reminds me of a cat covering poop.
Agree.
It is the height of hypocrisy. Obama and Clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to North Korea by their policy of appeasement.
By
Don't forget that crooked Hilary is the one who loopholed #Paul Kagame killing more than 5millions ppl who could not get justice  in #GLR
#AlertTheDayCareStaff

I have an idea.
Why not release your college transcripts?
Let us all see how brilliant young trump was.
Release your college transcripts just like you wanted us all to see President Obama's.

#ReleaseTrumpsTranscripts
Glad she's OUTTA HERE!!

http://amzn.to/2slijpT 
Hillary's a woman?! 
You say that I "hate women" and then your idea of a brilliant comeback... is to call me a woman? Bravo! 
Can you go a day without blaming someone else for your incompetence? #thanksGOPvoters #youfuckinginbredidiots
That's the truth. Thank you Pres. for always saying the facts. Obama & Clintons massaged the country
Funny thing they never thought of it as a future problem who elected these  reprobate politicians
Build the wall
Why all the namecalling. You are in a position that should be above all that. Please return our country its dignity and work on diplomacy.
Can you stop tweeting and do your work as a president? We fear #WW3 instead of creating war! Build Peace! We All Humans!! #ObamaComeBack
Probably Bill had a few North Korean girlfriends that enjoyed cigar games and blue dresses so he worked a deal.
Yep! "Now she criticizes!"
And I love her for it! Oh!....
And she most definitely isn't the only one, in DC,
with that opinion
It is kind of ironic that both places you hate so much don't have Trump Hotels. Is this why you hate them? Iran/NK.
So clever.  For a third grader.
It's disturbing how obsessed u r with her. She is ur #1 concern and all u think about!
#TrumpSimpleMinded
#LIBERALS stand for NOTHING & everything that is WRONG in Society! #CROOKEDH & Bill started all the all MORAL DECLINE in AMERICA!
- haters are gonna hate Mr. President.  For most average Americans, all they're doing is securing your seat in 2020.  #MAGA
sit down & shut up!! stop blaming others.. u r POTUS.. please resign.. we need someone like Hillary to lead us.. you are failing.. "bigly"!!
...try going back to Truman & Ike !!
And you want to start a war with North Korea. Soon we (the one against wars) will chant DJT how many kids did you kill today.
What do you think this is a dictatorship that only works in business maybe sometimes but rarely
North Korea range and nuclear capabilities have increased more in the last 6 months than last 20 years. Blame yourself.
I'm beginning to think you are attracted to her. You can't go a day without bringing her name up.  Let the past go!
Iᔕ TᕼIᔕ GOOᗪ Oᖇ ᗷᗩᗪ
But your mishandling of North Korea will mostly likely cause a War.
Hillary is past , look forward Captain
You love cute nicknames like #RocketMan how about #TreasonousTrump or #BenedictDonald  4 you? #TrumpRussia #Nambia #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45
HBC is a creepy snake
Someones on a suicide mission
I could give a damn about anything that woman says. I love your speeches, Mr. President!
Excuse me ,you are a person who lives in a glass house throwing stones
Look! Fire trucks! Vroom!
you'll NEVER GET OVER LOSING THE POPULAR VOTE TO HRC!!
"It would be a dog's
dream if he(trump) intended to scare us with
the sound of a dog barking." North's Foreign Minister Ri Yong
Nukes were built under Bush.  But ok, nice try.
==4 3
I have been thinking that you would  be a lot happier running North Korea. Imagine all those people marching with you.
Why are you like this
Jesus made water made water into wine but he can't make anything out of whining
Don't you mean "Crooked Don"?? Who had many bankruptcies? Who is lowering the status of the USA in the world? Scary!
Sir, Executive order:  Natural Disasters victims need (united- America)compassion. Peaceful voice protesting(awesome) Riots 0 tolerance!!
And now even more crooked Trump, continues to criticize past actions of his enemies. Release your tax returns, crook.

Did you take economics?
Crooked hillary oughta hurry up and die.
Will you stop with the damn name calling and grow up and start setting a better example for kids today.
She's to bad and to sad to be a joke
You think calling someone names is going to better your stature with them President Dump?
Hi James, if that is the only criteria than I think you are right, but evil needs to called out and exposed, only then can it be removed
Damn yo lips is stuck on his dick her tits, that’s all yo Bitch ass do is have the #Clinton’s name come out yo mouth STFU already @POTUS 
Hillary Clinton vomits negativity everytime she opens her mouth. Yet she claims to go high when others go low. God bless @realDonaldTrump!
You need to put Clinton in jail with Obama and stop hearing from them.
TheCrookedHillary 'CHUMP-WAGON' is broken down & cannot be repaired! She has 4 flat tires, out of gas, a busted rumble seat
God gave you power because you said you will not export your type of democracy. Some countries are better with dictators.
this man's a fool. What he said makes no sense whatsoever! Duh!!
What is wrong with you, since all you can say is Crooked Hillary from now on you will be tRUMP with the silent t ....   .
+ SAME WITH CHINA /MOVING THEM ONTO FOBIDDEN ISLES  SO THEY CAN BE SURE TO HIT US.. WITH OUR URANIIUM.. .GET THEM OFF THAT ISLAND!!!  PLS!
Peace of world is camouflage.
Peace of Jesus Christ is genuine.
Cardinal Richelieu and Bismarck are peacemakers. They were God-fearers.
If you can have nuclear weapons, why can’t they? Kim is more stable than you!
Idiot
After allowing North Korea test and lunch rockets, All you can do is call their leader a rocketman
Dear Mr. President,

Thank you very much for the announcement of the Japanese abduction issue by NK toward the whole world at the UN!
Don't forget sir, that it was Bill C, who allowed the sale of nuclear reactors, which produce the waste product needed for bombs.
Thank you for everything you do my trump. Please keep fighting for our countries future. Please don't let the crooks get away.
Tack by the way is a polite way of getting your point across without attacking or default or up roaring the other party or person
You really are that big an idiot aren’t you Donald?
@desh_bhkt   GREAT JOB SIR.....
It is easy to criticize you.  You give critics so much fodder. You are too immature to be a leader of anything.
Don't we have them also.  They are fools just wanting to protect themselves.  Should sound familiar.
Its about time someone spoke against the disrespect of pro athletes of nor respecting our country and our countries flag!  Other ways?
.
Just like North Korea allowed you to become President.
Do u ever talk about people without the bully words
You said the right before criticize they must know the past
Mr. President, health alert!  please consider: hurricanes sewage/water in streets media is standing in it, w/boots, yet, public see it as ok
Instead of focusing on North Korea you're tweeting about the Clintons. Please explain. Thank you.
Because she's got nothin else No answer no consciousness no solution Only empty Kim Jong U look a like suit with a better haircut. A LOSER
God you are stupid. You can't control who has nukes. Read something for yourself. Quit listening to 10 different opinions and then pick one.
This is what is happening at the Arizona border.  Support border security.

Slick Willy thought HE was Rocketman.
It's ok my Great President. Who gives a crap about crooked Hillary and BJ Bill! Ur large & in charge! Luv you! Thank you 
You are delusional! Please get help for your serious mental health issues. You are morally, intellectually, and emotionally bankrupt.
Clinton policy wonks claimed that light water reactors couldn’t be used to make bombs. Not so according to Henry Sokolski,
Because they (Dems.) did nothing to stop them developing it, and to think they gave them more dollar$$$ is just sickening.
Passing the buck and shirking responsibility is what dems do. No surprise here but I wish she'd just go away. What a loser.
Seriously doubt #LyinTrump can do better .... unless it WWIII time !!! #WeThePeople are watching you @WhiteHouse @FoxNews @foxandfriends
Who calling HILLARY A CROOK the BIGGLEY CROOK OF ALL THE ORANGE THANG DUMP
POTUS KEEP AN EYE ON NORTH KOREA LAUNDERING MONEY WITH DRUGS FROM VENEZUELA CUBA AND USING RUSSIAN RUBLES !!!
You're always screaming about what others have done and what mess they loved you
YOU, Trump, ARE GOING TO PRISON. NO GOLD TOILET IN PRISON!
Be fair she was busy meeting donors to the Clinton Foundation.
I used to think she was criminally insane, now I think she's only insane and a criminal...no she's criminally insane.
You have fired people over gossip  or because they disagreed with you
Can you go annhour without thinking about Hillary?
one name   Manafort
Your allowing it too don't know if you know this but your the president she never was
They had nuclear weapons 4 years before Obama was POTUS & Hillary was SecState. Their nuclear weapons program began in the 1950's. #liar 
Be the same problem with Iran what happens if NKorea does launch Hydrogen bomb into pacific?
Lying bully, you and wife need to leave WH, resign now
Of course
