If terrorist supporter jeremy corbyn wins at our ge in a few days please can us Brits come to usa
lol I'm not sure 
Look just accept you're are privileged carry on paying for the masses of benefit reliant immigrants & solicitors battling for criminal imm 
You just have to battle through you don't want lefties calling you racist now do you? 
Keep reading all the "loser" comments below. Still can't get over I fact they lost. How Sad  
It was a BFD because your Republican congressman assaulted a reporter, and has to go to court. You've encouraged violence
CONGRATULATIONS GREG GIANFORTE!
I agree with Trump i wanted Trump to beat up the protester too. I wish he would he should send the army to crack some skulls.
The Montana race was great my favorite part was when that chickenshit liberal got slammed like a bitch and got his stupid glasses smashed
The lowest ppl on earth. Just liars crooks. Anything for money and power.
Get off of social media and do your job #doyourjob
Well, I did notice how you had much to say about that and not a white supremacist who murdered veterans. You are fake news.
He assaulted a human being. He should not be in office. Nor should you.
Your wife hates you.
Dude body slammed a reporter. How and why do you keep applauding this? Oh... wait, yeah sorry. It's cuz you are a violent sociopath.
Maybe he will body slam you with any luck. Then we will have something else to talk about. Oh wait there is Russia and how you stole the WH.
Everything you say is bs.
Your Tweets are childish and not worthy of a President.
How come you take the time for this shit instead of saying something about the 2 men who lost their lives in Oregon defending 2 Muslim Women
Does anyone notice all the hate crimes committed since you began your campaign?
Remembering the 30 civilians and Navy Seal in Trump's botched Yemen raid.
V was a national embarrassment. You should denounce a politician who physically assaults a journalist, not whine about poor press coverage.
Because a heap of illiterate dumbfuck wankers that excuse sexual assault and are morally bankrupt voted for him?
You are the President of the ENTIRE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. You are not the President of the Republicans. You are in office now, stop
If 70% of people hadn't voted early, he probably wouldn't have won! Wasn't  going to be close according to Republicans! Another #GOP bully!
The media has learned that attacking POTUS improves their ratings.  The more scurrilous and vile the better their results.
Yes, (1) they've lost t objective market, & now need to appeal 2 t niche tht wants their positions reinforced

No respect for GOP thugs in Montana or the White House
.@realDonaldTrump No u Dickweed, nobody's paying *any* attention to politics these days.  And unprovoked body slams are a-okay . Twit.
Hopefully the bankrupt and short sighted media can in the short time air their lies but the reality remain for the stronger win party
They got a consolation prize
again you go after the dems. As pres canidate you used stolen emails from the dems daily on the campaign trail.  Who was
tne source of those stolen emails??? In july 2016 you knew they could of been stolen by russian intell agents. But still
you continued to use documents stolen from the dems.  I know the stolen docs were put through wikileaks to make them legal
to use. Kind of like money laundering. But as a usa pres canidate why did you feed the american public stolen docs that
could of been hacked by russian intel agents?  I would say you dont care about americans and potential exposure to russian
plots and plans against the american public and the american people.   Now look becuz you regarded the source of the stolen
dem docs as inconsequential now you got #trumprussia all over you and you cannot seperate yourself ever from the fact you
used daily and repeatedly stolen emails from the opposition party to win the election.   It will always be on you. Was the
Another defeat Sir. MSM always hides the Dems failures- hence never reporting becos they never succeed. They are losers Mr. President.   #MAGA #Trump2020
Isn't that where the republican body slammed a reporter?  And you condone that type of behavior?  #presidentdumbass
Montana is still the wild West GIANFORTE all the way! Dems sent a fake reporter to instigate a confrontation! Haha we won!! WINNING 
Keep up the fight Mr. T. !!!
Will you just focus on your goddamned job?? How did you ever run anything? You're no Bloomberg, that's for sure.
We don't care or trust a word you say. Resign before impeachment
Love you Mr a President sir you have millions of followers that need to start being pro active against this sum the s stand tall .
You are a bad person.

Once the Alt-Left MSM saw how Montana LOVES a good bodyslam, they dropped that story like a hot rock.
YES WAY TO GO MONTANA
No.
You should be ashamed of that guy but instead you celebrate him. He's a disgusting thug and a disgrace. So yeah, he fits right in w/you.
The winner is a THUG. You should be ashamed of this tweet.
Just like when you won Sir. MSM has no clue and still doesn't get it. Stop daily press briefings, withdraw from Paris, hold EU accountable
I agree.  I want more news on the upcoming trial or lawsuit against that angry bully.
Noticed he won by single digits and crazy people applauded him abusing a reporter - thanks for that
日常怼
Nope.  People are still pretty mad about it.
Please keep an eye for the GA Election. Some folks love Voting Machines because a programmer can pre-program the winner!
LOL coming from a so called man that dreams up his news #Trumprussia #independentinvestigation #PenceKnew
Yes, because dems are professional losers. It's what dems do, it's who they are. Media same thing.
Oh no. I just liked my first @realDonaldTrump tweet.  @thesecretisv
God I hope  you have a massive heart attack 
A person got elected who is charged with assaulting a reporter? Seriously? You're proud of that?
"V"? I have zero doubt you have early onset dementia. Anyone else I'd feel sympathy, but with you, I just feel bad for this country.
have two takes on the WH leaks. One the kitchen staff, they can get in and out to bring drinks and wha
Zinke won by 16, you won by 20. It is a big deal it was close.
was a non-story until a politician assaulted a reporter, which is apparently fair game on your watch. Pathetic, thin-skinned losers (plural)
"SMH" 
Are you seriously celebrating the election of a man who committed assault to--oh yeah. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/10/08/us/donald-trump-tape-transcript.html?_r=0&referer=https://www.google.com/ … #bythepussy
So you support physical violence against the press? What a shameful position for a supposed "leader" to have. #pathetic #youaretheswamp
This is exactly why no one believes you when you say you want to work towards uniting our country. Abhorrently divisive rhetoric won't work
Greg Gianforte is a THUG!
We all noted that factoid. Big win for GOP and the Trump agenda. Stay the course POTUS and ignore the media buzzards.
Omg you're such a loser.
Does anyone notice that Trump thinks it's okay use violence against people who ask questions? We don't trust you. #FakePresident
Early voting saved that fool.  His behavior was unforgiveable, as is yours.
Maybe no longer news because election is over? Now we are concerned about Portland and ongoing, increasing racial violence. Are you?
How's you like to be choke slammed? I know a few children that could def take you down like the bitch you are #pussy
He's an abuser! Of course one abuser excusing another. Shocking.
Of course. I and every American feels the media need to be drained. Defamation of character lawsuits needs to be initiated.
It was a big deal that he attacked a reporter ! It is also a big deal you pushed a Prime Minister! Guess this is fake news?
No, its still a big deal that a thug was elected. I am a Montanan, and Gianforte is a THUG. T-H-U-G. Just like you. You FAKE Prez.
Is there a reason in your Twitter Storms this weekend that you didn't mention a single thing about #portlandstabbing and Three Brave Men?
Try governing, not tweeting, you  moron
Did u notice that ppl r catching on, u had kushner try to est. secret com with the kremlin,he will go 2 jail w Flynn #Trumprussia
He is going to jail, are you proud of that? Bullyingness!!!!
Rick Santorum to President Trump: Stop tweeting
http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/28/politics/rick-santorum-trump-tweets/index.html … Good advise. Listen @realDonaldTrump
Boorish behavior
The man attacked a reporter for gods sake.  Jesus u r loopy
Mr President can we have a National body slam a fake news reporter day? We so need it and the deserve it.
Ok with the inability to control a freaking low level news reporter?  What a suprise.  You repulse most of us.
So, what's up with Jared??
Just listened to Nancy Polosi please get her and brown out of the swamp we can't take anymore of their bullshit
Bot
Troll
The election was the side story to the assault of a reporter.
Come on it was just Montana, there were only 8 people that voted
I think it actually improves your status in Montana. Like owning an array of flannel shirts.
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican w...
Russia talk is distractive, no issue like TrumpGate Dem & anti Christians try to engineer. Pls waste not public resources.
Don't talk about Montana. Just because you don't understand why it's wrong for a person holding a public office to assault a reporter. Wtf?!
WTF this are even say?
Like gas prices, they always say when lower. Hardly a wisper when higher.
It really wasn't a big deal until the Republican committed assault... but what's punching a reporter to you, other than your best wetdream?
God is big:God is on the president's side we love the president GOD BLESS YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP 
Still talking about the election. We would like to revisit it, though. I would like to see what happened with the voting records hacked by P
That is because the asshole assaulted another human being. He should not be seated in Congress.
Total thug of a guy. Your type of guy? No class, no self control. He would not have done that if u did not establish that as ur new norm.
Did anyone notice that Repubs outspent Dems  by a huge margin to buy the race?
Congrats. You elected a man arrested for assault of a journalist who simply asked a question. Bring on the brown shirts.
Hard to notice much more than your unhinged Temperament.Let's be frank, your self obcessed incompetent angry liar pretending to care for US
What fake news? He barely won in a State that you won by 20 points.
So you replaced one jerk with another jerk
Hard to get past him beating the shit out of a reporter.  Stay classy
Please have ethanol removed from gasoline!!!! It damages all small engines and devastates out board motors !!!!
It's always a big deal until Repubs win! Then, crickets! Thank you Pres Trump.
The Republican that assaulted a reporter? Thanks to you and your rhetoric.
Yes everyone loves a bully ....
I watched all about the republican winning and how he assaulted a reporter.  Proud moment for repubs!
Did anyone notice e how the Republican candidate in Montana assaulted a fellow human the day before the election?
I am there with you. You care for us and this is what makes you different.
Please stop tweeting Mr. President
Trump your man is a Thug
Oh! I was wondering who won - thank you!
this is the final straw with you, it WAS covered on both sides of the aisle and it's just not presidential your obsession, do some real work
did u notice it was close?  Voters of yours are disgruntled
Hell the repug had lots of coverage after he went ape sh*t
It was close enough to make ur implanted hair curl.  ur panties and skirts must be bigger than Malania. Only a woman curse as much as u do
Can't wait for your crooked father to go to jail. ...preferably with you too
You're surprised??
Au contraire, the attack on the reporter was well reported.
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop RT pls

WAH
Sir, c'mon.
Eric Trump.  I love you on SNL.
I love you President Trump!! Keep on doing your thing! Make us great again!!!
The victory by an arrested abuser - oh #ThatWasCovered
No
Sir please whoever the reporter was that tried to ask the EPA Administrator where he ate last night at last second should lose press card
Trump FAKE President
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA wait, you're serious?
Just your type of win....violence!
