Could you even point out Jordan on a map?
Also, you'll be at Mar-a-Lago tomorrow… you're extending your weekends from 4 to 5 days now? Why don't you tweet about that?
For anyone keeping track…
Monday: Campaigning for 2020
Tuesday - Wednesday: White House
Thursday - Sunday: Mar-a-Lago
Glad you finally addressed the chemical attack, but it's pathetic you continue to blame Obama for YOUR problems… https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/376334423069032448 …
Also, could you explain this?
Eric Trump: “We might be here because of nepotism, but we’re not still here because of nepotism."
& while you're at it, we'd also like to know the following:
• Why was Bannon removed from the NSC? Russia again?
• Is Kellyanne Conway OK?
Lastly, I'd like to end it on a happy note for Sexual Assault Awareness Month & recognize all your alleged victims:
For everyone saying "but the Clintons!"… if you hate them so much, yet you make comparisons, either:
1. You hate Trump
2. You're a hypocrite
You know Jordan is a country, right?
I'm guessing you may have been thinking about Michael Jordan. That's incorrect. Jordan is a place too.
Some additional information that you may not have known: Jordan is a middle eastern country...
Now hold on there, Mr Trump. Don't get all wound up. Yes, they're about 92% Muslim. Whoa! You're turning red.
I know, so much new information for you. Yes, haha, reality television is much easier than being President.
Now, Mr Trump... Trump? Sean, can you turn Fox News off, please? Thanks. Now, Mr. Trump, pay attention.
No matter how much you try to distract the American people with this bullshit about Susan Rice or Obama tapping your phones...
The majority of American people, you know, the ones that didn't vote for you? They do not want a nuclear war.
Thanks man.
I...uh....I guess I support you too?
Lol
It's so funny these losers think they can spam the President but block smarter people. Good thing real Americans love Trump more than ever!
I think it's important to tell both sides of the story but the Leftist propagandists would rather silence us. We can't take it sitting down
We need to remind everyone that Barack Obama doubled the national debt without creating any real growth. Why do people still defend him?
This was down when Pres Obama in office. Trumo had very little to do with this. Hope ICE doesn't pull you in & keep you for 3mo or more than
YES! Jordanians are known for their legendary HOSPITALITY, and we will do our very best to be EQUALLY gracious hosts! Just...not to SYRIANS.
Almost forgot to say that the White House is a VERY SPECIAL place, though. And we KNOW IT WELL. Because of those long hours in MAR-A-LAGO.
But wait, those little babies were BEAUTIFUL? And INNOCENT? But then... why should they be BANNED from entering the United States?
King Abdullah really knows what being a SOLDIER is, THAT we can tell you! ...we can tell you this from REAL ESTATE SOLDIER to SOLDIER.
Oh, 3:00 was a TOUGH one! We wanted to thank the Jordanian soldiers for their INCREDIBLE COURAGE but it somehow came out as INCURRING WILLY.
"wanna thank all of THEM for their incurring willy..."
Wait, there was a wonderful delegation from IRAQ? But didn't we want to BAN people Iraq from entering the United States? So confused now!
Why are we GIVING MONEY to Jordan so they can HOST REFUGEES? Remember our SKITTLES ANALOGY? Are we paying Jordan to eat POISONOUS SKITTLES?
#WednesdayWisdom  #13ReasonsWhy #holdthefloor 

Trump Declares April Sexual Assault Awareness & Prevention Month

#WakeUpQuestionMadness
#WednesdayWisdom  #13ReasonsWhy #holdthefloor 

Trump Declares April Sexual Assault Awareness & Prevention Month

#WakeUpQuestionMadness
#WednesdayWisdom  #13ReasonsWhy #holdthefloor 

Trump Declares April Sexual Assault Awareness & Prevention Month

#WakeUpQuestionMadness
#WednesdayWisdom  #13ReasonsWhy #holdthefloor 

Trump Declares April Sexual Assault Awareness & Prevention Month

#WakeUpQuestionMadness
#WednesdayWisdom  #13ReasonsWhy #holdthefloor 

Trump Declares April Sexual Assault Awareness & Prevention Month

#WakeUpQuestionMadness
#WednesdayWisdom  #13ReasonsWhy #holdthefloor 

Trump Declares April Sexual Assault Awareness & Prevention Month

#WakeUpQuestionMadness
#WednesdayWisdom  #13ReasonsWhy #holdthefloor 

Trump Declares April Sexual Assault Awareness & Prevention Month

#WakeUpQuestionMadness
Fox News, Bill O'Reilly have spent $13 million to settle harassment suits: Reports
Why do you support Bill O'Reilly, a known sexual harasser?
You and Bill O'Reilly seem to have a lot in common.
Dirty old men stick together.
Why do dems support Bill Clinton as a spokesperson for women when he took advantage of a WOMAN?
Isn't it incredible the double standard? Bill Clinton's victims number more than Hillary's accomplishments but facts don't matter 2 libs
Speaking of Slick WIlly I've always loved this sign 







Today is the fifth day of Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month:
Funny how all those allegations went the way of the dodo after he won?  #fail
It's funny how so many problems like being accused of sexual assault goes away by throwing enough money at it, you mean? Yeah. Funny.
No actually several of the accusers dropped their cases. But, whatever you say!

I am no match for your memes.
Acceptance is the first step to recovery.
How much money do you have invested in Jordan?

How much time have you invested wasting your time bashing Trump?  sounds like a case of OCD to me, might wanna get some help!!
are you now a doctor with a fourth grade education? #oldwhitemensuck
We need to find out what Drudge report thinks 
You read that garbage. lol
I was kidding

Like @POTUS could get his kankles that high. He "plays" only one sport, and does so POORLY.

Bigly good one 





except Mexico Canada UK Australia France.. oh you meant Russia my bad
Yup definitely your bad! Acceptance is the first step! That's good since he's not seeking approval of Libs, Illegals & Terrorists! #MAGA!
so he's only the PRESIDENT for his limited a d shrinking supporters? Good to know
Glad you think you know something! Baby steps Lib!! Safe space to the right if you get scared!!! 
it's weird that you use "lib" as an insult. I guess I am tho. At least I have morals
Super glad you think so! Hey approve any baby murders or harbor any illegals or fight against your country lately! Morals! Rock on!!!
nope not today.. but It's early why would you think fellow Americans would do that?
Just like you were deeply committed to Steve Bannon, right?

It's not the hats on your head that make you a great leader. It's the shoes you've worn on your feet #trumpRussia #impeachtrump
And none of the shoes were combat boots.
And all were made in China
How you Know?
Wild guess since most of his products=made there. Even maga hats.
Don't go to war in Syria, that is all for now.
Don't be surprised by anything the so-called President says or does. #NeverForget that he is @realDonaldTrump.
So called? Why didn't you serve in the armed forces. All that gusto you got could have been useful. Be more then a sore loser. Be more...
Bone spurs.
What's ironic is he did exactly what he begged Obama not to do...
The world is looking at you..

#SyriaGasAttack #SyrianChildren
YOU ARE BEING WATCHED! Trump is the BEDST THING AMERICA HAS SEEN SINCE FDR. GET OVER IT. U LOST
Amen!

Psalms 12:1 Send help, Lord, for mercy has come to an end; there is no more faith among the children of men.

THANK YOU VETERANS!!!

RT AS OFTEN AS YOU CAN…

 
https://twitter.com/MagaFeed/status/847830482016497664 …

@OldSalz 

Every day that goes by, I am more proud that I helped elect President Trump. 

He keeps promises. 
…

TIME IS RUNNING OUT 

Every Child Deserves a Full and Meaningful Life. #ProLife is God's Choice! 
probably more than we can muster cause it's fixed, like a gambling machine is only 1 winner
and you do 100%, btw if you say yes your a liar
hahahahahahaha what does *you're mean is it 1 of those stop question me words? lololololol
Resign.
PLEASE PLEASE RESIGN!!!!
Isaiah 30:21
Your ears shall hear a word behind you, saying, “This is the way, walk in it,” Whenever you turn to the [1/2]
right hand Or whenever you turn to the left. [2/2]
Half the American population live in counties with unhealthy air (166 million people). And your environmental plan? Increase pollution! 
 you have to be a parody account.
Mike Flynn.
Carter Page. 
Manafort.
Jared.
Don Jr.
Tillerson.
Sessions.
Epshteyn.

So MANY comrades, 

Comrade @POTUS !!
So MANY comrades, so LITTLE time
#impeachtrump
#resist
You're the #Pepsi President Donnie, you look bad, taste awful and will never be the real thing.
and the Tillerson thing 
and the Sessions thing 
and the Kushner thing 
and the Carter Page thing 
and the Roger Stone thing
and the Mike Pence thing!
But your Susan rice is the real story libturd
Doing her job as required my ass. Remember her horseshit Benghazi story

I don’t know it’s hard for me to see any Trump ties to Russia
except for the Flynn thing 
and the Erik Prince thing
and the Manafort thing
And the Carter Page thing and the Steve Bannon thing and the Rex Tillerson thing and the Jared Kushner thing and.....

You got sources to back up that weak meme?
Yes she does, trump said it. That's her only source, but it is a source. I didn't say it was a good source. Just a source.
And when he steps in shit (daily), he blames it on everyone else - usually President Obama. Talk about crying "wolf". Nobody believes him.
I have said it b4, but trump lies so much if he said the sky was blue I would still check 4 myself
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSwamp
.@RealDonaldTrump I burned your tweet.
Be very careful in Syria, sir. Very doubtful Assad would bring this on himself. Looks like ISIS framing him.
ISIS with direction of McCain, who if I'm not mistaken was just "visiting": http://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2017/02/23/senator-mccain-makes-secret-trip-syria/ …
realistic way trump actually supports jordan
This is totally fake. Everybody knows that Trump can't tie shoelaces. #Largegutsmallfingers
Trump looking down at untied laces like
Damn D, you thick
Dat ass though.
Cake by the ocean
Oh, there you are. We were starting to wonder if you got grounded.

Hey asshole, if you give a shit about #Syria, OPEN THE FUCKING BORDER
Since you're aIso a sexual predator, is @FoxNews like a safe space for you or something?
All those allegations have been proved false, have you anything better to do with your time?
I can show you an interesting Access Hollywood tape that says otherwise.
Seriously, that doest even make him a sexual predator, peope accuse hi of rape and those get proven false
Ivana swore under oath that he raped her. What's so hard to understand about that?
Bill Clinton swore under the oath that he didnt have sex with the intern he lied! lol classic liberal just because its said means jackshit
Bill Clinton isn't relevant. We're talking about Trump and the fact that he's a sexual predator.
Now I'm suspicious. What's in it for you?
Go on, take a guess where Jordan is.
He's talking about Michael
I don't think you'd know "deep commitment" if it bit you on your tiny little hands.
Overcompensate much?
wait, you worry about "over compensating" and you voted for Trump??!!! Lololol - best irony I've read all day. Thanks Kirk!
Says the guy that spends his time tweeting about hand size....and bad hair. Nice try, bob
really Kirk? And yet you support a man known for his infantile and unstable Twitter tantrums?
Bob, as it turns out, his "crazy" tweet about being surveilled turned out to be, at least partially true.
not in the least, Kirk, but nice try.
Bob, did you watch Obama Cabinet Member, Donna Rice? Sorry to burst your bubble but she admitted it yesterday
24 hours without tweeting... I think that's as dangerous as waiting too long to push the button. Just remember: 4, 18, 15, 16, 23, 42.
[S]
Go back to sleep.
@RealDeanCain  you're on the wrong side!!! Trump is a pos
I'm on America's side, Christine. 
You were deeply committed to change the news narrative. Maybe for 1 week. Bad news though, the FBI is still investigating you.
And dt cost us 80m$ to take focus off #Trumprussia and risked the lives of our military to do...but oil prices are up..treasonous snake
And yet people think it shows power. Power is getting congressional approval. Or is he afraid of another no vote?

Ty God bless
1st time I think u are doing something good for humanity @realDonaldTrump
I once wanted you impeached.
Now I want you impeached AND DEPORTED!
Exile Trump!
I want him to feel real pain physical and emotional like he's inflicted on others
I think I like you!
Awww shucks lol
Why didn't you say the magic words "Radical Islamic terrorism" with King Abdullah or el-Sisi of Egypt?

Asking for 65,844,953 friends...
Whatever situation we're in
We are in it together
We will prevail against evil agendas
When will the hate stop?
I believe we should take out another air base just to make sure we mean business!
Let's take his air power Out! NOW!
Happy Passover to you &wonderful family, we pray for your success, for your family successful Amen God of Israel will bless you always Amen

Too bad Trump didn't have a massive heart attack on live television.

Mr president of usa heer me lound fight issi for good and make frient whit russia for war agains issi siyria
Cosht issi is not human me been usa army from ney york no the 1979
a proposito di bombe....
King AbdullahII is a real leader. He actually fights his own wars rather than draft dodge. You could learn a lot from him.
God bless america
One of these guys sits up tall like a LEADER. The other, our POTUS slouches like a PETULANT TEENAGER.
HOW EMBARRASSING!
President Trump and his admin. are right on target !!
you acted so fast

Can you even find Jordan on a map?
good on you! Fuck your approval rating where you actually live, let's focus on Jordan .....
It appears that since the Kushners have moved into the west wing, your tweets have become her tweets. Should we be calling Jared #45.5?

You have played golf 11 times in the short time you have been president. Obama played zero times in this same time period. Committed???  HA!
Peace to the Middle East.
Congratulations!  You are either a dupe or a #DeepStatePuppet
http://www.palmerreport.com/opinion/tomahawk-missiles-were-wrong-choice-for-syria-attack-but-donald-trump-owns-stock-in-the-company/2224/ … Deeply committed to lining your pockets are OUR expense you mean! #IMPEACHTHELEACH #LIAR #TOODUMB2BINOFFICE
Screw every one of those camel jockey rag heads.
@RoeMasterNYC @KingAbdullahII they and Egypt the only #Muslim countries with a bit of sense..,
love me
Thank you for everything ,,, you are good man ,, I believe you wall do more ,, for siria and for us
How many KKK members did you hire to fill the ICE positions?
thank you mister president
That gas attack came exactly when you needed it.  How long did it take you and Putin to plan the attack and the response?
Trumpkin, you're a puppet, you are a puppet in the hands of a mafia that rules only by the U.S. ,not the world ,you're a regional power
What a huge mistake, supporting Takfiri fascist fools.  Otherwise known as ISIS.

Top-job, Mr. President.
Kushner won your Soul.
You are deeply committed to preserving your greedy, crooked family and strengthening your relationship with Putin, Puppet.
the Best President with the heart the right place.
please do not consider Scott Angelle for any position in Washington he is a traitor. I have dirt
But you treat Australia and Britain poorly. Shame on you.
How's about Germany? You planning on being respectful to them?
Your attempt to boost approval ratings despite being a traitor to the Constitution of the United States has not gone un noticed. #Impeach45
If you replace Assad Jordan will be in a difficult situation once Isis gets Syria!
So why are you saying what we already know, Mr. Trump?  Are you going to ask Jordan to attack Syria?
Too bad you are not as committed to the ecology of the world and USA as you are to making friends we don't need. New golfing buddy?
We didn't vote for you to be the leader of the free world; we voted for you to be the PRESIDENT of the US.  America 1st, not Israel 1st!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_and_state-sponsored_terrorism … @PatriaPreciosa @yosoytes @Beatrizgomez278 @DiajaniraL @Lin_Manuel @AP @VisitCA @CIA @Change @MQuevedoF
Hi
@FoxNews @foxandfriends @setuckercarl @TuckerCarlson @PrisonPlanet @mitchellvii @Lrihendry
Syrian refugee obliterates CNN, PRAISES TRUMP. "If you want to help us, help us stay in OUR country!"
.@realDonaldTrump 
Looks like you're accidentally deleting Tweets.  Here it is again so you can make sure ppl see they must blame BHO:
Thank God, because my good friend in Jordan does not feel you are. Further, she is convinced she & her brethren will be your next ban target
Just as you did to Angela Merkel *
Do you even know where Jordan is?
...your focus is always going to be you and how you can benefit from every action you take.
Exactly.  Preservation of  Constitutioncleansing country of Corruption limiting Federal Government  securing borders  honoring LAWS
Time will reveal the real truth. There is no truth in him. And you are just misguided.
You embarrass the American people when you fake caring about the victims of the Assad chemical weapons attack in Seria. You are not sincere!
@realDonaldTrump 1) quick - where is Jordan (the country)? 2) tell us one thing you know about Jordan.
So whatever happened to your commitment to Israel? Forgot?
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA #IllegitimatePOTUS #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #PutinsPuppet #impeachTrump #LockHimUp
You hate Arabs why care about Jordan
#makeamericacoldagain
Liar
Please stop the airstrikes on Syria. The chemical attack wasn't done by Assad's regime. There wasn't even an investigation.
I don't want another 2003 invasion again. Just pull out of Syria.
We trusted you and u disavowed us. Alt right put yer ass in office. It won't happen again. We worked our collective asses off 4 u! BETRAYED!
Iraqi orphan-----blames America for killing his parents

Powerful video http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/5921603/1/ …
Don't attack Syria. #Syriahoax You will loose all support.
Proud to have you as my Prez.
US ConstitutionArticle I, Section8, Clause11, says POTUS must have Congress approval B4 starting a war???
Honesty us foreign to you, I know, but you did not inherit a "mess" from your predecessor.
هل تحب الحمام ؟
The airbase that you bombed it was protecting the Christians that live in that area you screwed up 
https://wordpress.com/stats/day/themarshallreport.wordpress.com …
But you set up a military strike in Syria
Too bad he has a better command of the English language.
Nunes out, Bannon kicked off the NSC and you bomb Syria the very next day? We see what ur doing. And like everything, ur not good at it.
Chemical attack?
Quick. Where is Jordan on a map?
War industry wants to start WW III. Syria is the pretext. They did not succede with Irak, Afganistan. Their job is DEATH, on tax money.
You are deeply committed to you and you alone. Hypocrite!
I trust in you and your decisions. Stay strong stay true. We support you. I retired a millionaire at 37 . Hard work. Push through. Humanity
Трус!!!! A coward!!!
Thank you Trump for bombing "THE HELL" out of the air base in Syria.  You are my PRESIDENT.  God bless you.
MAYBE IT'S TIME WE STOP FEEDING RUSSIA'S MILITARY.  THE "BREAD BASKET TO THE WORLD" SHOULD HAVE ITS LIMITS.
I thought we were going to focus on USA, who cares about the middle east.
