This is more fun... You need to get in this game with me.  Download the FireFan app and come play. It's a blast!
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey. http://45.wh.gov/NationalSecurityPressConf … https://t.c...
I can be helpful and serve the population of Earth.
get answer re Tilerson 's remarks.............
30k after taxes. Hahaha. No seriously. I think it would be worth a shot. Peace is worth it , I feel.
Apparently "so-called" nude stripper 1St lady too busy changing diapers  nursing two children in the White House 2 function as a 1St  lady.
Funny how you can comment on any and every irrelevant topic but you are unable have a substantial comment when it counts. #Charlottesville
Stand up to the violence & say something to these hateful groups. Your silence will just lead to more of this evil  #Charlottesviille

 
Bet it, CNN, doesn't tell you how many times they've been caught lying since they lied to YOU about Hillary Killary winning on all polls.
and you keep believing the liberal media. 
How STUPID!!!
OMG ROF LMAO
Crazy animals
Another Confederate flag...darn.
Oppps Confederate flag again.
Looks like a Confederate flag to me. Hmmm...odd
A true activist.

Wake up

Grow up



you mean "press conference in bedminster" after you PLAYED GOLF??? (August 11, 2017; 22:06 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Wow this guy loves to pat himself on the back
I hate u
A president who betrays his electoral mandate should be indicted instantly
C
Idea trumph
Aiuto ai giovani
Sostegno stato per attivita
I giovani tutti
Hanno da banche un bujet attività
In cinque anni rientrabile con ricavi utili prestito banca aiuto trumph
Militari feste con loro
A loro servizi in piu
Poi feste diplomatiche
Inviti politici del mondo
Ambiente crei unita uragani acqua verde e reparti intervento
Economia

E va la vostra
Ma occorre piu giovani e nuovi

Poi va analizzata per crescere

Oh lei e' industriale
Sanita ambulatori
E medici dottori
Tariffari servizi bassi
Pagabili
Miniassicurazione statale
Ok aggiudicato
Sanita base
Dottori
Ambulatori
Medicinali alcuni

Tariffari calmierati non costa
Moda e tv finanziata e che facciano
Aiuti paesi in difficolta import export
Sanita....voi sanita con assicurazioni
Università finanziata ma lontano sono loro...
Politiche territorio
Militari accanto sociale e affari che e' lavoro
Per me
Usa soldi in calo
Occorre
Economia sviluppo diplomazie
Cordinate per estero
Due anni per vedere impronta
Basta litigi casini
Va governato due anni
In tv
Oh
A battuta non mi licenzi....
E da gennaio non le danno tempo di governa
Lo dica in tv occorrono due anni per vedere
Conosco solo l'Italiano
Nothing threatens our national security more than the #NazisInTheWhiteHouse . We the people do not believe a word that you utter.
Tradurre sempre in italiano
Please convey my commendations 2 the team that does your gardening. The lawn looks immaculate.
Trump is so insecure he can't do a press conference without being surrounded by others. GWB & BHO weren't afraid and needed reinforcements!
You wouldn't know a FACT if it smacked you in the face!  Always tweeting BS stories.
Stay busy but stay away from microphones PLEASE.
Why is it so popular to hate trump, honestly?

Your father raised a magnificent son !
Now you're in deep trouble at home Donald,stop all your military drills in others backyards especially inKorean peninsula&stop all barbarism
My EGO knows no Bounds.
Thank you very much President Trump.
God almighty, more Bullshit coming out of your mouth. I've done better than all previous Presidents. Yes at Screwing up America.
Sir, your infrastructure presser was the best ever!! You do so much better reading from notes rather then from the TelePrompTer!! We  you!

Dear Sir
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus 
#SantRampalJi is
"World-Victorious Saint"…
#OSOVenezela PT HELP PLEASE HELP PEOPLE Venezola!!!
NESECITAMOS CON URGENCIA UNA INTERVENCIÓN MILITAR DE ESTADOS UNIDOS EN VENEZUELA PARA QUE SAQUE AL DICTADOR Y A SU RÉGIMEN CORRUPTO SOS
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TAKE A PLANE TO NORTH KOREA AND SEE HOW MUCH OF A MAN YOU ARE! OBAMA HAS ALL OF THE TRAITS OF A TRUE MAN! NOT YOU!
https://youtu.be/P54sP0Nlngg  this is who DT supports. If you still stand by him it says more about your character and morality than his.
Hi! Thank You,You are my President.
Thank You Sir! Thank You All! God Bless & God Bless America! MAGA! GREAT JOB!
When the power of love overcomes
The love of power
The world will know peace
Jimi Hendrix
#lawnmower
Wow, you crazy ........

Funny how Unite the Right Freedom of speech rally became White Supremacists after being attacked by blm and antifa 
#resign
Resign
OK we agree White Supremacy is repulsive & you know Constitution gives repulsive people rights to demonstrate without being bashed agreed
Clickable HTML Email Signature. If you want this signature? Contact me-
Details for visit-
http://bit.ly/2tt4BgX 
Also do not fire Bannon!
Mr. President please look into the firing of 3 men from NSC
D I D  Y O U. H E A R ?  T R U M P  I S             T O O  A R A I D  O F  B A N N O N  T O                       F I R E  H I M!
NAZI President!
You are a nation security disaster. You are the danger to society. Your rhetoric fuels violence. You are a Nazi. What more is there to say?
Wow are you one huge delusional mentality case.  Your big bully mouth nearly brought us to a world war.  No one is impressed
When r u going to fire the crooked & .corrupt IRS Director. He just rehired over 200 that had been fired for corruption! Wake-up, please!!!
#ImpeachTrump
Reportedly a leader but can't calm the country. Try silence. Sad!
Brilliant lider in the world
I salute u Mr president Donald j.  Trumpet for peace

I'm so super proud of my President. POTUS didn't cave into the PC MSM Socialist narrative supporting facist antifa and racist blm violence 
Nice! But be careful boss ... McMaster is iffy
Dweeb in chief!
アジアのために最善を尽くして下さい英語
Resign now.
Love you Mr. President 
No surprise. Your dad was arrested at a KKK rally as a member. Apple does not fail far from the tree. Any comment Mr President?
Stupid White Nationalists, Stupid KKK (KOKOKOO), Stupid Neo-Nazi and Stupid Putin - Super Professor's Podcast [http://www.buzzsprout.com/34189/552126-hello-stupid-white-nationalists-stupid-kkk-kokokoo-stupid-neo-nazi-and-stupid-putin.mp3 …]
By defending terrorists on American soil you are becoming an enemy of the United States. STOP DEFENDING TERRORISTS!!
You lost your sh#t.  #FakePresident
Arthur, King of the Britons, your Knights of the Round Table shall have a task to make them an example in these dark times.
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentRightNow 
#Amendment25 
#Amendment25now
#Amendment25rightnow
Mr President you are doing AWESOME. Dont let Dems get their way, last 8 yrs should tell us all alot! Keep Bannon and rest of fabulous team!
Hang in there, your supporters are with you.
Always keeping yourself open and accessible. Love it!
my question is, there is an American ambassador in Japan in Korea in China, we have not hear from them? why? why we give salaries to people?
It's real the time USA to destroyed for the president of collorparts  and country devided  many parts and they are to elected Trump
Thanks #SwedishEFredrikLubbingEUAttorneys & #Sweden
https://youtu.be/p5fMfhByUnM 
I just luv to hear Mr President talk. Eloquent, poised, true.
douche.
God Bless you President Trump!!!  So appreciative of you trying to turn this country around!!!  Why aren't the Republicans backing you???
Please help Israeli POWs imprisoned for yrs denied contact w/ home in violatn of intrntl law. Everyone-Arabs included-shd obey intrntl law!
Obviously you don't know the definition of a press conference

The POTUS can't please all you perfect folks. He was too brass on N.Korea; not tough enough on the Charlottesville's!
Nikki Haley is a joke.  Ridiculous choice for ambassador.  Zero qualifications.
president trump i am very concerned for you, i feel you have to arrest obama for treason and 100's more crimes please arrest obama please
Obama and his party accused Trump of collisions Obama is Set to attend Kenyattas rigged election and inauguration Trump is innocent forks!
So how's those war plans for Venezuela going dumph
Babbbbbb"z! Hola Mg3
We were in Vietnam war for over 19 years.
U WON! kim jong un JUST BACKED DOWN. U called his bluff; your strong stance worked.Tell that to the whimpering, handwringing leftists.
https://twitter.com/pnehlen/status/896631671683985408 …

This video,  if you pay attention, tells a lot about Trump. He's an intelligent, business man. America is a business with problems.
Chaos before order.... if you wanna change the current, wanna change America,  this is the process. America has a strong current N it's bad!
While #ICE are getting rid of #CriminalillegalAliens, take away the law that allows people to become #Citizen bcuz #IllegalParentsGaveBirth
God take thi man away from America. We Deserve better.      white race house.
Across the board cut #AnchorBabiesCitizenship from #IllegalImmigrants.  #CutTheIncentive ....
Why the need to pimp your crappy golf course during a national emergency? You can't mention terrorism, but can Bedminster? Come on! WEAK!
We need to take away #Citizenship of people whose parents come here #Illegally. This would take away the incentive for #IllegalMigration
@soyfdelrincon Kischner también perdió en la Provincia de B Aires. Empató en la cuidad de BAires
Fake President.
Obama doesn't say Islamic Terrorist for 8 yrs. & no one says s__t
Trump doesn't denounce the kkk & white supremacist  for 2 days. Hmmmmmmm
Than if they do, I very much like to think our president Mr Donald Trump actions will speak much louder than his words ever could of.
https://twitter.com/adudeinaplace2/status/896933172012822532 …
If you must tweet sir, please ONLY ask them to please do not fire missiles at Guam.
Please Mr Trump no need to make further verbal comment.  You have already issued them a warning against threatening the USA.
I am a disabled American veteran living in the Philippines.  Four threats issued from North Korea this morning here reported by CNN.
What's wrong with you. If you can say white supremacists you can also say black supremacist. They started it by demanding to change history
Where's the squad?
Doesn't he reailze we are we are bc of his mouth? What a complete idiot.
