Your strange
No
they need get u out the whitehouse.u over rules on bullshit.

Meaning; let’s vote against Luther!
How about you resign, though?
ᆢ2사용자 ㅖ 3 ㆍ22ㅗㅡㅡㅜ3ㅡㅡ
Looks like your endorsement lost the race for both Strange and Moore. Haven't you been impeached yet???
Venezuela necesita salir de esta crisis, hambre y miseria. Falta de alimentos, insumos médicos,...
The better man won.  He has be ridiculed for not taking the 10 commandments out of his courthouse.  More like Trump than strange.
You forgot to delete this one about supporting Luther Strange.
Is Luther a racist like you?
Can everyone stop calling my PRESIDENT racist?? He is working for all Americans ! Why you liberal snowflakes can’t see that ? 
this coming from the same man baby that cried like the dotard we know, b/c Obama campaigned for HRC. hypocrite
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
You do realize PR is a US territory????  IMHO should that be your attention NOT if Curry is going to see @realDonaldTrump
that completely confused the crap out of me. sorry.
WOW....I am totally I'm confused...I was trying to make the point that PR was an important topic vs who was being invited to the WH
You no nothing about the PR situation.
Haters suck. Shut up!
Moore shares your bigotry, racism, Islamophobia and regression...surprised you didn’t stump for him.
Yeah, but if #LutherStrange loses, that's OK too right tmpy? "Maybe" you picked the wrong @SenateMajLdr toady to back? hahahahahha
Moore may be worse
The NFL players are SOB's, right? But white supremacists at Charlottesville are fine people? You are sick! Stay out of my state of Alabama!
Please do not come back to my state of Alabama! You caused our state to be dragged through the mud after your nasty speech!
Trump is an IDIOT
Why didn’t you delete this ?
#LoserStrange you mean...?
You lost!
@realDonaldTrump All I know is you love Alabama and golfing. Oh and Twitter.
You look casket ready!
Hahahaha  he lost because of you
J
He would’ve won if you hadn’t helped!
Luther was considered as too strange to elect.  Bannon One - TRUMP ZERO.  Can't even blame this one on McConnell.  YOU did it.
You missed deleting this one, liar
How'd he make out?
And if this was ur attempt to throw a bone to Rino Mitch Mc & other establishment Reps that HATE u, want u to fail.well hope u learnt sthing
A real learning moment 4 u Mr Pres. Don't listen 2 voices whispering in ur ear. Ams were fed up w/establish Dems AND Reps. LS was NOT best
YOU KNOW WHATS COMICAL ABOUT YOUR ENDORSEMENT OF STRANGE? SARAH PALIN'S ENDORSEMENT, I REPEAT, SARAH PALIN'S ENDORSEMENT HELPED MOORE
you forgot to delete this one- #Loser
Yeah. How you feeling about that today?  Still great?
Ummmm guess not
Awsome endorsent lol
Oops.
How'd that endorsement work out?  Huh.  #25for45
You shouldn't have endorsed him.  He might have won.
Amazing Trump hasn’t deleted this one yet along with the others
Stop protecting American shipping jobs at the expense of getting food, water and fuel to fellow citizens#SuspendTheJonesAct
What happened to your other tweets supporting Luther? Did you delete them? If so have you broken more rules?
#Winning
You missed this one
Loser Trump backed loser Strange. 
Roy More is no prize. He's a gay hater, was removed from office in Nov. 2003, by a judicial ethics panel.
Oops... You missed one when you deleted the others Dotard.
Omg!!!   Actually laughed outloud...
You forgot to delete this Luther Strange tweet.  You're welcome
Loser, loser, loser!!! You can't run from it! Resign. Here comes  MUELLER!!!!!
Your endorsement is becoming poison.
You missed this one Donny , better delete
"What great people, what a crowd".......what a LOSS!! Looks like your support means NOTHING. 
#shocker

Firebrand Roy Moore defeats Trump-backed incumbent Ala. Sen. Luther Strange in GOP runoff for Senate seat. http://apne.ws/M7xYMcd 
The best man won!!!
You forgot to delete this one. LOL
Hey Don the con... you forgot to delete this one!!! Loser... resign #Fakepresident
@realDonaldTrump why did you delete your other Tweets in support of Strange? Pretending you never endorsed him? Sad!
Ya u have loads of support or does president Bannon
Oops.. forgot to delete this one??
dottering donnie, always losing
Why did you delete other Luther Strange tweets and not this?
Oops
Donnie you missed deleting this Strange tweet. Since it appears you're so fond of altering history.
WE elected Roy for the SAME reasons we elected you. Drain the swamp, hopefully also a change in house & senate leaders.
Mr. President. We the people believe Roy Moore is the principled conservative you need. Sorry you didn't see this.
You forgot to delete this one.
Yeah, well so much for the power of YOUR endorsement! You truly are impotent! LMAO!
You forgot to delete this one.
Sure happy the right man won. What good news to hear.  We know you will support him @realDonaldTrump
#loser
Well... this endorsement was like a hex...tired of winning yet? 
Your endorsement took your puppet all the way to nowhere! #loser #yugeloser #yuuuuuuuge
Congratulations on the huge win in Alabama! What? He lost. Oh, I just assumed he won and you were tired of all the winning.
Well that didn't work out very well, did it? Maybe you should have stayed away and given Strange a chance.
What Happened.? #PunIntended
You forgot to delete this one!
You're the absolute worst President, I'm ashamed of your values for you.
even in a place u thought u had a base and sway, they didn't listen to u. LOSER! What great people! They figured it out!
You lost!  #dotard
Big crowd seems to be your thing.  You bragged about the big crowds when there not big crowds.  Stop obsessing.
chalk up another loss for donnie "tiny hands" trump
You forgot to delete this one after he lost...
Geez, lemme guess, biggest crowd ever. Get over yourself already!
You forgot to delete this Luther Strange related tweet.
I know you're trying to delete all the tweets where you supported Luther Strange, but you missed this one.
You forgot to delete this one
Hahahahahahaha! Even your base in bright red Alabama decided you don’t know what you’re talking about!! Your base is tired of all the LOSING
Define "being with Luther" pls?
Told you he would lose because you supported him
Big Luther.. More like Big Loser.. Thats what u get when u stand with Trump
What a loser.Your coattails are the fastest known way to Hell, Donnie. Quit now!
Oops, you didn't delete this one!!  Yet!!
Everything you touch turns to shit.
Forgot to delete this one!
Forgot one...
Hey you forgot to delete this one Don..
You forgot to delete this one

Lol! How did strange work out?! #Winning . U r pathetic for erasing the tweets btw. #GOPhypocrisy #MAGA NADA haha!!
Great job on Luther getting "elected"
I note with interest you've been deleting your Luther Strange tweets. Coward.
Was it the greatest crowd ever (other than yours)?
Ooops! Guess your campaigning for him was a #BiglyFail
.@realDonaldTrump You forgot to delete this one. You supported a loser and that makes you a loser. How does that feel? #LoserTrump
Why you deleting your other Luther strange tweets
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/powerpost/moore-vs-strange-polling-opens-in-alabama-republican-primary/2017/09/25/9c7192f8-a253-11e7-b14f-f41773cd5a14_story.html … 
Great job
You deleted your other tweets about him. What? You can't handle so much winning?
Strange lost! Hahaha! Your endorsement is a death sentence. #nincompotus #Dotard
Great. Another fascist, racist, Islamophobe, anti-semite, homophobe, misogynist in office. Your twin Donny!
@realDonaldTrump I think you forgot to delete this tweet too, since the primary candidate you promoted seems to have lost #embarassing
Lost
Guess you were wrong about this, too.
When's the last time you were right about anything?
I can't recall even one...

Just in case it wasn't communicated...  Mr. Strange lost.
How'd that work out for you? LOLOL
"What a crowd!" Yet completely insufficient for your purposes.  "Bigly sad loser!"
Looks like your BIG Endorsement didn't pay-off for either one of you Donald!!
Go Moore!!!
How's your boy doing?
Great to you being with fellow racists.
I will not hold you to him. Remember your movement, we are still here.

Nah.  I'll back Bannon's candidate.
Is He, Mr. Strange, For All People? No Matter Color, Class or Creed??
And what were you and Luther doing?
Why is the flag so important now? You said nothing when the confederate flags were raised above Stars and Stripes.
YOU'RE BACKING THE WRONG HORSE BRO. Go take a long shower -- USA needs clean prez
Get swamp smell off u.
Let me fuck your wife
With you president. But we're Bannon nights.And we're against the very fiber of McConnell. Look at the money establishment is spending DTS.
I'll bet it was HUGE!  The BIGGEST!  The BEST!  Ugh.  You sicken me.
Fucking nut  case
We know you had to but Moore is better
Dear Trump i want to sleep …   You was so cute whe   you angry with somebody…
Did you figure out who he is running against yet?
Sorry this I disagree with you on , can't vote for McConnell and Paul Ryan 's boy! It's MR Moore for me! Desernment is what's needed now!

@POTUS I support you , but you are wrong endorsing Strange . You been lied to by the swamp . Roy Moore is the guy you should endorse .
Don't do it. Strange is Mitch McConnell's favorite. Mitch put your donations into Strange's campaign. Trump has this very wrong.
Why are you with Luther and not more?
Please back Judge Moore instead of Luther Strange....Moore will back you better than LS!!! You are on the wrong side of this!
To all you HS football players thinking about going to Alabama...these are your fans.  They love you while you are a star. Then?
I have supported you 100% since your nomination, but I disagree on this. Strange is establishment and belongs in drain. Moore is the man!
Strange how he is down 16% in all polls
is he running against Ray or Roy? You don't know really do you
You're type of crowd, red neck white power hillbillies.
Puerto Rico
NEVER
If these ladies come out to greet you, you might be a redneck.

#Alabama
i would love if you moved to Alabama
I want Roy to win ! True Patriot!!
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence STRANGE is part of the do nothing RINO/GOP Establishment SWAMP. STRANGE is an ENEMY of #WeThePeople & #USA
You are like a bad traveling salesman. I'm waiting for you to tweet about how Americans need to buy Oxiclean. #notbuyingyourbullshit
Vote for judge Roy Moore

If Alabama was so great why you never build no motels or golf courses in Alabama or Mississippi or Kentucky or Georgia.
#Alabama is still a slave state, they just use the incarcerated and formerly incarcerated.  Most corrupt place I've ever seen.
