No one tries to 'make you look bad'...you do that all by yourself!
You would certainly recognize "dishonest"! It is your color!
You're an angry bitter old man who's lost his edge!! You need to step down now disgraceful Don! And only your tiny little 32% would disagree with me.
If you take your car to be fixed,you get a estimate.Medical providers can pad the bill.Its a run away train.No idea of cost
You said follow the money.. Ok ppl get charged by govt if they dont take health ins. Basically taxation w/o representation
Look at this.. Fraud, you buy Health ins. By thr time you pay deductible, co pay,labs, medicine you cant afford to use it.
Mr. Trump dont give them the satisfaction of turning your words into a major media ploy. Patience,karma has a way of things
People will do and say things you just wonder why. Sometimes there isn't a good answer.So we stay strong and march on.
President Trump is taking the "DISHONEST MEDIA" behind the wood shed. Hope Little Donny Deutch is there!
here is proof, incase you forgot
Nobody makes you look any eorse than you do every timevyou open your mouth. You are your own worst enemy
Better than "Groping" 16 year olds
Donald Trump is the best!!!. Hopefully he'll prevent North Korea from entering the olympics, North Korea doesn't want peace, they only think about their own advantage. They'll dump south korea and talks with the U.S.A once it's over.
The most dishonest man baby this country has ever seen
If it looks like a mock, sounds like a mock, sickens like a mock...
-modern day media--the pits
1) If I were playing Charades, my team would lose if I made this motion and the word was "groveling"
It's okay.  If you read the gloss-job on @jaredkushner in @NYMag, you see that they were just kidding.
I love Trump
# and Chris Cambo" the world knows you  love" Hillary Clinton DEVIL ASS and ALL THE  CNN newscast members "too,
How does it feel to not be loved by your father Donald ?
you are an embarrassment.
"groveling" is to abject humbly while flailing one's arms?
more than half of this country despises you.  WHT DO YOU THINK THAT IS,  LITTLE DONALD?
If it was a 16 year old story in November 2015 (when you mocked him), that means his 9-11 was written in 1999?
how about you handle your critics in a more appropriate way thanks!
Get off Twitter and save America!
I guess we should call you Liar in Chief?
you as president? Such a scary prospect. Glad I'm not an American.
I think I know the reason you tweet so slowly.  You are using an American made telephone, am I right?
#WeRejectedYou
just own your mistakes, don't lie about them. #SerialLiar #RussianElected
So you mocked his disability (which we witnessed) bc you couldn't handle the truth (typical). Grow up you childish bully.
She is not talking to people that want to make America great again. A flake
Let's talk about your swamp Donny.  You sure can pick 'em.
#Triggered #snowflake Get him a support group. He's having a meltdown. Poor thing, even his wife don't want to be near him.
Why don't you get a life and leave Trump alone....Grow up he won.  Now start acting like an American .
Oh and really? You think people need to "make you look bad" you're delusional. You make yourself look bad all on your own. Disgraceful.
I believe you are the dishonest one. You mocked him and you know it. It is on tape and you continue to lie about it.
Shut down the media, we don't need them anymore. We only want to hear from you.... #MAGA
Yeah, who needs pesky things like facts to get in the way of our Trumpisms. #PostTruth
Shocked to find out Donald Trump didn't win for Best Supporting a Dictator.
WINNER RULES!... losers lies, grovel, and cry!...then lie some more! DJT will #MAGA, what'll they do then!?
You make you look bad
GROWTHEFUCKUP
Look up the definition of "mock"
you were elected by Russia and will NEVER be legitimate. 

Karma is super fun! 
#BLOTUS
You openly mocked that disabled man. It's there for everyone to watch over and over and over and over and over and over...
.@realDonaldTrump Hun, you're making some wonderful excuses, but we saw you imitate the hands and the voice like the man.
.@realDonaldTrump Let me help you: It was never my intention to mock him. I apologize & see how my handwaving could be interpreted that way
assuming it was a mistake, I always teach my 12 year old girls to apologize anyway. Probably good for president as well
It must hurt so much to know how many people listened to the beloved Meryl Streep last night and agreed with her.
clearly you have your head up a celebs ass because real Blue blooded Americans see through all of this Hollywood BS.
"Media is fake…Just more very dishonest media"? This is authoritarianism, @realDonaldTrump. You NEED public to distrust media—IT WON'T WORK.
I'm calling you on your bullshit, @realDonaldTrump. You want to control the narrative & you can't do it with accurate coverage—Shame on you!
I think it's important for ppl to grasp exactly why @realDonaldTrump uses Twitter the way he does—It's directly out of the fascist playbook.
For fascism to work, @realDonaldTrump must convince us that America is in crisis, life was ideal in the past, & the ppl must submit to MAJOR
violations of our civil rights & freedoms in order to get things back to "the way they were" (Great Again™). Media won't play along w/this..
OBVIOUSLY false narrative, so @realDonaldTrump 1st gets us to doubt media by saying they've an agenda. Then, circumvents w/rallies & Twitter
Thing is, life is better than ever before in 2017. Women's & LGBTQ & Black civil rights. # of uninsured, etc. Yes, wealth inequality is off
the charts. Climate change crisis, etc. But things were NOT better, especially for PoC, LGBTQ, women, in 1950s. @realDonaldTrump therefore
You know all about dishonesty. How else did you become President elect?
We the people voted for him. 306 electoral colleges. #MAGA
No, we the people voted for Clinton. The Electoral Colleges (sic), as you call it, voted for him.
electoral college the election wouldn't be fair... do some research...
It's not fair now. A person's vote in Wyoming counts 60 times more than one in CA.
so California and New York should pick our president, bc that is what it would be
No, Sparky. The PEOPLE should. Why should one person's vote be worth 60 times more than anothers?
if the roles was reversed and Clinton won the EC  but not the popular vote would u still feel the same
We all saw the video. We all know exactly what you did. It’s hard to be dishonest about something so clear and obvious.
You show every time you open your mouth how self centered you really are Mr. Trump.
They are telling the truth.  Don't you even recognize the truth when it is shown to you.  Get OUT.
Loved the book and i am loaning it to everyone i know!
yeah, those videos that clearly show you mocking the reporter are SO dishonest.
Actually it was dishonest. Don't believe the media 100%.
Are there any credible journalists who support this assertion though? Not to my knowledge!
@CindyBartholom3 Actually, there are VIDEOS that prove Trump wasn't mocking his disability. Lying libtard reporters not needed!
Really, like from credible journalistic sources?
I said "videos", did you see that?  Broadcast on every major news outlet, including liberal ones.
Fascinating. I assume you are referring to this?
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsaB3ynIZH4 …
Fascinating that you think they're doctored.
The MSM are insane. They are more like a comedy of errors than any kind of serious journalism. WaPo and NYT are empty tabloids, nowadays.
You are so delusional that you lie when the evidence is on tape for the world to see. Very dishonest PEOTUS
when I do something stupid or hurtful, I own it and move on
grow up and stop acting like a child.
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
#ComradeTrump does #Putin approve of this message???
delusional. But I just realized it is Pence running the show, not you!
https://youtu.be/yw6nvCXZ324 
Wise words. For an idiot at least.
Here is more swamp beasts for you from your trusted FBI HaHa Vote PUTIN 2020. https://www.moxtra.com/v/CAEqBTgwWFpHehdCNk9FMmJsU0haRTc0NFg5VzBJY3FyOIABmwKQAxQ …
YOU are the only one dishonest and I am TIRED of your constant lies. STOP IT NOW.
groveling... Isn't that what 1 does under a golden shower Donnie? I mean you would know from groveling I guess
The dishonest person we have is the 5th grader that's going to ruin our country. Donald Duck !
Fuck you asshole
gaslighting
Did not give you the right to make fun of him
let's talk about ur ties 2 Russian mob trump, so ur commie buddies bailed u out of many bankruptcies huh, release ur taxes
So, then, what is this about? http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada …
amazing it's always the other guy. You can do no wrong. LOSER!
@realDonaldTrump your position seriously and start inspiring our youth and not teaching them how to mock and bully.
...King Donny you make yourself look bad...And ugly!!
Gotcha: @realDonaldTrump, Putin and Assange = Honest

Media, Congress, CIA/FBI = Liars. Keep up the good work Comrade Trump
He is legitimate, intelligent and compassionate. You sir, are not.
the media isnt so dishonest when your touting FAKE NEWS. Congratulations, you're the most hated president in HISTORY
#YesYouDid
So... the intelligence agencies knew about "peegate" and you disparaged them anyway.  You must be a special kind of STUPID
Your hands are NOT CLEAN !! You WILL get back what you have done and what you do to others. I would Hate to be you/ KARMA

#TrumpLies - you are so hollow, so easy to see through
uh huh ok yep
you are such a #petulantlittlepunk
Honey,,,we all saw it for ourselves. Really???
Do you really think we a stupid enough to not believe our own eyes! Not!!
Pony

I saw the video. If people think you're making fun of disabled people, then they're obviously reaching!
showing him "groveling" = mocking
there is NOTHING presidential about mocking the disabled and then denying it.
Just ignore them, do what you do, produce and help America! They will fade away!
Grovelling, flunkies, dishonest media....got your bags packed yet!?
MAGA-WGA'S ur a great American willing 2work 2gether or you are in the way OF GREAT AMERICANS READY TO TAKE BACK WHATS OURS
is a #crybaby
you openly mocked him with your hand gestures and voice tone #politard #iopenlymockugoldenshowers
Maybe you should just play it safe and not imitate anyone. Not very presidential.
Indeed @realDonaldTrump - I didn't do the spaz hands thing at all and I think Obama planted computer stuff to make me look bad #maga
YOU make YOU look bad! #FakePresident
media is a fake， yes itis
Still tweet-stormin. It's not like you have a nation of ~319m people to serve with intellect & honor + a global community to strengthen
Fuck Donald J Trump  boycott FOX NEWS and inauguration on Fox Television
Sir, can't wait till you're at the helm.America stands ready to back the first real commander & chief we've seen in 100 yrs
http://americannewsx.com/hot-off-the-press/donald-trump-will-one-americas-fattest-presidents/ …
We all saw you do it. Liar. And if your excuse is that you make those hand movements when you mock everyone, shame on you!
shutup, Donald you are a liar.
Insane media tries to change ur words. @maddow lie is that ur deporting all American Muslims. How can she be on air.
the media is not dishonest you sir are the one that is dishonest a liar and a cheat on your taxes
you're right, the cameras that recorded you imitating a disabled guy were so dishonest. Lying recording cameras!
YOU ARE A PATHALOGICAL LIAR and are NOT qualified. Stop. Step down. How dare you!
VERY DISHONEST (liar) PE. We're ashamed!
Wise words. For an idiot at least.
You weren't mocking reporter.  You made those movements often.  See compiled video here: http://m.hannity.com/articles/election-493995/was-trump-actually-mocking-a-disabled-15110990/ …
You are not the peoples choice. You are Russias chosen puppet.
Groveling? Bull! You got caught and now trying to cover your can you liar!All the A- list stars calling you out! Haha
I've never been so interested & excited about an upcoming presidency ever! I'm so looking forward to these next 4.
the upcoming action and entertainment, and all for FREE! I can't wait.
making that motion against your chest with your hands mocks mentally handy cap people no matter what
No one can "make" you look bad. You Look Like An Orange Anus All By Yourself. SAD
waaaaahhhhh 

honestly you don't need other ppl to make you look bad. You do that all on your own.
it's odd that you mock dissability, yet you have such a debilitating case of lie-abetes.
Let's just focus on #AmericanWorkingClassProsperity1st
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
you are one gigantic midasshole
Hey Donald! What do you have to hide?
ABUSER
Seriously lets get past this and look forward to a Great Leader taking over. We all do things and later regret.  Move on!
A wise man confesses his wrongs, a fool defends it...
I think I left my condoms at your mum's house last night.
See a doctor you eejit.
mention Cuban return policy done by Obama this year.cant stay anymore.done to apprise Castros
Bullshit, Golden Shower Boy !!
#goldengate
Do you really think saying everyone who contradicts or offends your delicate sensitivities fake is going to work? #insane

You're full of it. Own what you did. You project vile filth and have zero accountability. Shame on you!
How can you tell when Trump is lying? Watch hs lips, if they're moving he's lying!
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
