Hooray... Thank you @POTUS
20 billion to put 45000 people to work is not a good investment. That's really bad math.
45,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winni...
You're a fart.
You're knowing misleading on jobs. Any new jobs added will be offset by jobs lost in the EPA, health care, State Dept, etc.
it's amazing how you think u r so much smarter than us. Donald, you are not.no matter what u think.WE SEE THROUGH YOU TRUMP
we won't be truly winning until you're impeached and in jail.
I still really want to know what you plan on impeaching him for?
is that your understanding of how it works?
I've never met a single person who thinks that. Do you associate with particularly stupid people?
I was wondering how long it would take before you shouted "libtard!" and stormed off. It took 3 tweets.
And by Removing the Illegals, The Money we save WILL BUILD the WALL! So in a sense, Mexico is Paying for it! Great!
More bull crap.
Taking credit for something that happened under a Black President's administration.  Love you, Boss.  Keep up the stupid
This is great news. Please make sure everyone working these jobs have legal status in the U.S.
Or about the fact that you'd love to have sex with your own daughter. If you haven't actually done it, which you might have
just another one of your lies.
#thanksObama
#MAGA
. FIRE FBI COMEY.
try telling that to the thousands laid off from GM here in Lansing MICHIGAN
I CAN'T TELL
And thanks 4 all the RUSSIAN steel 2 B used on pipeline construction. LIAR! COLLUDER! Ur an embarrassment. @foxnation
'Cause it's a game, something to WIN, right? Millions are trying not to hate you. You make it difficult though.
Good. You can pay off $1.26 Trillion you owe China then
china  number 1
started during Obama's administration

how many times are you gonna lie?
Sweet deal for Exxon having Tillerson in your pocket.  No conflict there!
~how many jobs were actually created? How many were left open from baby boomers retiring? Doubt you created those.
WE WERE NEVER NOT WINNING.
That works out to $450,000 per job. How long before America goes broke at that rate?
How will you make sure jobs go to Americans & not foreign contractors or temporary guest workers? They displace Americans.
u are doing great! Just keep up the momentum and don't let the negative left get to you! We stand behind you!
you don't even recognize when you are losing.... you are a joke.
I'm going to stay on topic here!
Do research. Funding started in 2013 for this. Quit lying to the American people. Some don't take the bait!
Creating even more jobs when inevitable oil spill ruins Gulf Coast...again. #LetLoosetheHoundsofHell #RememberDeepHorizon
That is called a rise in oil prices.  And you did that how??
Winning my a$$! We'll NEVER win with you in office. I'll bet all these jobs were already in the works.
so glad this was kicked off in 2013.  Thanks President Obama!
strengthen America!! Buy American!
Liar
now repeal ObamaCare now no ryancare bs
Thanks Obama
The ruination of America. Destruction of our national security. Worst president EVER!
Mr.President Trump! Please Help Macedonia and its Citizens from Albanian Attacks on this country. EU is involved in this !
why don't you get to work
Let me guess, the Wall?Those are temporary jobs and should not be counted, they last a month or two then it's unemployment.

where do I apply??????
Thousands are homeless, thousands more work in very low paying jobs. with bad health care programs. Yours is not better.
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse
please don't tell me they're your tacky ass hotels! #ImpeachTrump
BLAH BLAH BLAH!!! Every other company has said U lied about what they were doing. How much did U promise them of our tax $?
So they can rebuild what? Rebuild to destroy the gulf AGAIN?
thank you president Obama @POTUS44
when did we lose?
he sure know how to say what republican want it to hear
Like the American steel for the Keystone pipeline?Liar.
The wall Mexico's paying for? If so, Payment up front! Not because I don't trust them, It's because I don't trust you!#Liar
Stop diversion and release your tax returns, then maybe some trust could be established, that is between you and Russia
~how many jobs lost with cutting EPA, Education, & all other "Make America Great Again" smoke screen? U R a Godless man!
why can't you just write a big fact check and buy the entire solar system. Since free tuition is too much for Earth.
You have a major credibility problem.  I can't believe a word you say.
Which has nothing to do with you. You haven't been in office long enough to influence that. That's thanks to Obama.
this is the kind of tweets the people want to see. Please please start playing hardball with the reps.rotten persons
who is putting out these fake tweets?
are we winning tho.. hmm let's ask Muslims.
thank you Obama !
If Melania refuses to stay in the White House she should opt out of taxpayer security
your days as president are numbered. #ImpeachTrump
Great. So happy you are our President!
once you got elected America lost.
No, the dirty rotten, cheating un-American, lunatic left LOST.
@POTUS That is because you are working so hard for us!  MAGA!  Ignore those that do not stand with you!
YESSS the American eagle is flying again
again not your doing!!
WELL DONE SIR
from what? Nothing has been built yet. You sound like me when I tell my babies that peas are green m&ms
How many Americans were employed in the production of your red hats?
Yes we are! Thank you, Mr. President!!
All you are is a fcking tweeting liar. Hope you lie yourself to prison.  #FakePresident #trumprussia
I don't think the 1000 who just got laid off in Lansing, MI would agree with this.  #fakenews from the president
its called Gulf of Mexico
This investment plan started in 2013. Didn't know you were President then....
Who will do the construction if Mexican leave?
To follow along with the 3/20 Trump-Russia hearing, see Media pages of Scott Dworkin@funder
No evidence!  Fake news!
You have nothing to do with this. Blame the black guy, steal credit wherever you can. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #TrumpFamilyCriminals
So is any American made steel going to be used on these jobs?
you and your republican agenda. You are winning, in your pathetic reality!
Oh S***!  Does this mean fracking in the Gulf of Mexico?  Pipelines?  Can we forget the the Exxon Valdex catastrophe? HELP!
Because of President Barack Obama, not because of anything you did!
#trumpfails #Trumprussia #unfittoserve
wonder when Trump will make his brand in the US?

American was never losing. You however are. How're the job prospects from your jail cell going to be I wonder?
It's too bad you won't be around to witness this great feat of yours! Please resign!
creating jobs by slashing federal jobs?
those numbers have nothing to do with you. You're such a f'ing liar, thanks President Obama. #FDT
, so how many of your numerous overseas businesses have you moved back to the U.S. or plan to move back?
Thank you!!!
I love you for this, but I cannot go home. I am exiled. May the Angles brush your path and the best of Jinn be your friend.
I like birds!!!!!!
Lies
you do realize this was not your doing? Thank you  President Obama!
Show us where they are.
winning= environmental pollution, a fractured United States and a child for a leader. You  make us weak
temporary jobs hurt people by adapting to an unsustainable cost if living then the jobs are gone but debt stays.
Awesome.
and a fragile ecosystem at greater risk - EXXONMOBIL LINING YOUR POCKETS DUMPETY???
fake news
i live 5 min off the gulf coast of florida and i havent seen anything u have stated happening here
thank you sir for giving surprises to youth and story writers that as a Hero of film as you have done in elections as hero.
Thanks to the Obama administration. His long can you ride his coattails?

in the dirty energy industry that is destroying the plant many of us prefer growth in the clean energy sector
if you released your taxes we could see where these investments are going
Yes, that were promised during the Obama admin.  Stop stealing other people's work.
heres a snowcown well dome.
WRONG!
Thank you for fighting for us! 
- May God continue to bless Trump. Need ban all Media fake News. Crew all liars, crazy, evil Democrats & Americans 1st.
Thank you!
sounds like a whole lot of your propaganda again
Sad that you would take credit for work done long before you took office.  Sad!
fake
Exxon doesnt need Trump it does ok on its own, but the people of USA need a president not a FAKE PRESIDENT
good. Go TRUMP
For all your resume needs...www.profixresumes.com   We will open doors for you!! :-)
No thanks to you. NONE. You have nothing to do with this.
thank you Russia! He must have given great head!
Barbara Steisand is trying to give Obama credit for these jobs.  She is so out of touch
#GoTrump #thankyoutrump 4 putting Americans 2 work
I hope that means new refineries and storage.  #MAGA
who makes your brand name Trump? Is your clothing line or anything MADE IN AMERICA? Instead of bullying, lead by example.
That's great!
we need some jobs in Connecticut!
@SmokemUpDonald We love you, Mr. President  Keep up the AWESOME work!!!
That has not happened but it makes for a good speech
hey come check out my page
help bring attention to the needs of the National Mall $840M in repairs and upgrades. @TheNationalMall
You said win how all American money go in you trips to florida and all your family trips caution money
and tack way people jobs if said some against you eve it true
He's making deals to make him, his family and friends the richest people in the world! #biggestscaminhistory
Hopefully most are not pollution production jobs like those associated with coal mining. How many were just past-time job?
please stop we're getting winning fatigue.
are you sure?
We lost bigly in November.
stop tweeting, you are such a fool
