존경하는,트럼트미대통령각하,한국의일부정치,언론,사법부가합세하여한국의대통령을탄핵하고나아가,검찰의무모한인권유린,증거부족,허위등,등에도침묵으로일관한.황교안총리와군등이 방조하는등,,일원한장,개인적으로착복하지않은,박근혜대통령을구속하는만행을저질렀읍니다, #박근혜
존경하는,트럼프,미대통령각하,사드를추가,배치하시고,북을,맹폭하시는것도한국인들은,환영합니다,아울러,박근혜대통령을기획탄핵,구속까지시키고,각본에의해조기대선에몰입하는,자칭한국의대선후보중,어느누구라도박근혜대통령을먼저석방하지않으면,절대로만나줄필요없읍니다,#박근혜
왜냐하면,그들은,박근혜대한민국대통령을,각본에의해 기획탄핵,구속까가시킨,쿠데타세력들로,대통령직을 도둑질한자중 하나이니까요,??! ,#박근혜 대통령을,먼저,석방시키기전에,절대만나지,말아주시길간청드립니다, #박근혜
#박근혜
Honest question when do you think America was great?
Based on what exactly?  Economically or societal? What concrete changes do you think Trump can bring?
If Reagan is your dream, his policies ended the small family farms and the end of good paying manufacturing jobs by killing unions.

#WinterIsHere
LOVE that pic! I remember in '92 a toilet seat cover dispenser that said: "George Bush campaign hats. Take one!"
You've never been a Republican, asshole. You're in the party of you. Idiot clown. 
The American people would love to see the strength of your tax returns
Hey Trump. While you're meeting with the Egyptian dictator, don't let him sell you their river. You've got plenty of "denial" in your life.
.@realdonaltrump Love of money and big business? Yeah, we know that. Love and concern for the individuals in the 98%? That's the Fake News.
I just like that he has to say Obama over & over & over again.
Sounds like the system we had before any of this healthcare debate started. Makes you wonder why they started at all...
Because it was absolutely terrible.
#FakeNewsMedia
Maybe if you spent less time spewing lies via twitter - you could get some work done. Grow up & stop the ridiculous tantrums
Anybody who thinks there's "love & strength" in the R party is more delusional than I thought!
Where is the art of your deal when you can't make a deal with Republicans? You promised "terrific" health care and delivered zippo.
I think instead of love and strength, you meant hate and obsession.
As a guy who talks a lot about Fake News, you should stop looking at Drudge & start making daily visits to http://Snopes.com .
Snopes: Fact Checkers
Trump: A lotta people said something else.
So, pretty much the same.
Dear Mr. 36%,
The Presidency isn't like golf.
Lowest score doesn't win.
I had no idea you'd be THIS bad at your job. Sad you only care about your base, VERY far from the majority of this country. The jig is up.
shutttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt up!
Does the "R" stand for "Russia"? I bet you only like "R" because it comes after "P" ....
No, the 24 million people who are going to lose health coverage w/o Obamacare are going to be what's dead if you continue..
GOP can't hammer out a deal in eight years there's no way they can get it done before the House and Senate filp to the Dems. Lost cause. Sad
Listen up Media! WE will not stop. Back off buzzards!
LMAO are you high? 

Want hibernating bears, wolf pups not dead for trophy hunters on FEDERAL WILDLIFE PRESERVES in Alaska!  Veto HJRes69 or lose Independents!!


The big news is about YOU & the R party colluding with the Russians during the 6 Election process. It WILL all come out. Just matter of time
You promised a healthcare plan with more coverage, lower copay and a huge cut in premiums and insurance for ALL #TrumpLies #acha
@pascalmeier74 I thought just last week he denied ever saying this!!
maybe there's two
@SenRandPauI speaking with you, does my heart good. Together, you will help the American people.
I hope Trump listening to rational thinking  of Rand Paul instead of traitor Ryan.
the stuff Russia fed you is old.  Clinton has nothing to do with it anymore.
Still dead.
@annshortis The Art of The Deal on full display.Thank God Trump is our leader.
So every news source that doesn't agree with you is fake?
I know you guys are amazing! I have full faith in you, keep focused. 
I, along with most #Americans, totally agree Kim
#Obamacarerepeal then get your firing squad ready, I will NOT suffer any more. Kill me quickly, not slowly!
I am giving permission for your firing squad to kill me! PERMISSION. No more suffering under a dictator
Some in the GOP need to get with the agenda & stop impeding you. Those that don't, need to be voted out or expelled from Congress #MAGA
You don't even know it because there is none for you-you are a tool they use to advance their agenda, you do nothing and have no clue
I hope its fake news that ur letting RIENCE PRIEBUS GO HE HAS STOOD BY U WHEN MANY LEFT U OUT TO DRY AND WE KNOW HOW HARD HE WORKS HRS HRS
Just get Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy & McConnell to Step Down & the Party is AWESOME.... Make Republicans Great Again #MRGA
#TRUMP will go down as the worst president in history.. Well not quite.. @realDonaldTrump is a #fake #president
Gay.
The R party had seven years to come up with a plan. Harry Potter killed Voldemort in that amount of time. What have you done? @jk_rowling 
What is taking so long? You said you would have this done day one! Didn't #Trumpcare fail because of R Party?
#realnews #fakepresident
Does the R Party still love property rights? No, otherwise they'd Repeal & Replace #fanniegate GOP could learn ethics from @RepMikeCapuano
Oh, we're well aware of the love the R's have for destroying people's lives. We know they'll keep at it.
Don't touch our healthcare, unless you give us a Single Payer. Give us our Social Security money back too--the interest is adding up.
Hmmm, what happened to representing ALL Americans??? Another lie- shocking.
LOVE THE TRUMP!!!!
you pr9bably like lower wages, no workers rights and hate healthcare?
WOW, YOU GOT ME PEGGED!!! MR.TRUMP IS OUR PRESIDENT!!!! LOVE THE TRUMP!!!!! PS. MY 401K IS TOTALLY  KICKING ASS!!!!
good you will need it!  To pay for healthcare!
I'm set, baby!! But thanks for your concern!!!!
dd Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Here's an idea: First repeal Ocare with a deadline of 2 yrs to replace. If replace bill can't be passed in 2 yrs Ocare remains.
It takes a lot of strength and love to remove 24 million from Healthcare.
Says you after publicly threatening senior members of the Rep Party.  You really have no idea what you're doing, do you?

@timsanford_ love fake news media
Amen!!!
you know what lies they told?  Bc I think we should get to the bottom of it.  What are they again?
Lies we were told:
1) Trump can't win
2) Trump won't deport illegals
3) Trump will [insert failure here]

#MAGA
#TrumpTrain
who said that?  You should ignore facts and wait for tweets from a luar.  Who knows he can bc you don't care
Maybe if we didn't give out free money to EVERY country in the world we might be able to bring health care down to a reasonable cost!
Civil war would be in order. 
President Trump has his hands full with fake as it is.
Nor the will of we the people/deplorables
love ?? i don't think so
The Fake Media just has to say anything negative to hang onto the small audience they have leftThey are all very negative and nothing to say
I want to have freedom to choose & buy insurance in a free market. You promised! We trusted you. Stop playing.
就你话多
With names like U.S.A. P.A.T.R.I.O.T. out there it needs to sound cool.
I suggest

T.rump

C.omprehensive
A.id
R.eform
D.evelopment

Act.
The GOP is splintering, you are the #failureinchief #Resistance
Singularity Care... the new era of health care!
Russia investigated the Syrian chemical attack on the civilians and determined that it was in fact the rebels, stop putting out fake news.
YOU don't have a better plan!!! Pathetic.
The closer we get to 2018 the more you should worry TRAITOR! #TheResistance
The only person you love is you. #SickoTrump #Resist #Indivisible
ZZZZzzzzz
It's sad that the President of the United States Of America is using Slang....Also considering how old he is...You sad, sad man...
Are you willing to bet everything on that? Show your face at a townhall meeting, ballgame.The boos will be deafening. Hide in Mar A Lago.
I'm so thankful & Proud that you are our President & place all my trust in your decisions!
Thanks to your leadership
Add the repeal to ur list of failures
Oh we know the strength and hate of the R party. If you let the freedom caucus win you deserve to lose
#Trumpcare bigger better incredible fantastic LIAR
Well you said it was dead sooooooo
Thought fake news was unlikely. Then checked facts about BBC  Croydon Kurdish attack incident and truth seems to be lost. I stand corrected.
Umm, but didn't you say it was dead? Your man Ryan said "Now or never."
Pretty safe to say that no one knows love or strength of the Republican party.
Wow , adults can be so childish. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Try once in your presidency and life to not be a prick. Make health care affordable by letting us by it outside our state borders
What planet are you on?  R party is dplit and you are most unpopular president EVER
Hurry up with it, and return all the money Obama and the IRS stole from us.
I've seen it with my own eyes. The only the the R party loves is taking away rights of Americans while making the rich richer. #NoTrumpcare
Repeal and replace does not mean more of the same by another name!
Self-love is one step way from onanism. #FakeNewsMedia #republican #Trumpcare
Love and strength in R Party means a round of golf with @RandPaul 
We Love You Mr.President ! We Trust in you ! The Demo's will self destruct !!
#DrainTheDeepState
The only love and strength I the Republican Party has is for themselves. Corruption at its best. So don't try to fool us smart people
Actually your administration is dead
So now you like the R Party again? Dude, you're psycho! Make up your mind. The other day you also said you werent going to repeal Obamacare.
STOP THE STUPID FAKE NEWS COMMENTS.  RUSSIA FREELY SAYS THEY PLANTED FAKE STORIES SO YOU WOULD REGURGITATE THEM..AND YOU DID JUST THAT.
PLEASE REPEAL, keep New Plan Simple! Open market keep Government OUT! Please please
@SpeakerRyan leadership of @HouseGOP will kill #AmericanExceptionalism and create a Communist uprising in the #USA #History read it sometime

ok but can you explain how one party holding an identical belief to another's can be especially wrong in comparison?
Well in all fairness they are known for the whole hate and fear thing more then love and strength #DonaldTrumpeatsbabies #POTUSfail
*Fake news media*?  Are you a teenager??
Love and Strength huh......
That's right, fake like Fox & Breitbart, because we all know, falsehood ain't good.

Well... more than half of us do anyway.
You can fix this President Trump, I'm a middle-class citizen counting on you. We believe in you and what your tring to do
What Strength, you are at lowest approval rating of any President ever! 34% A total failure!
Respectfully, please check who is doing Kelly Anne Conway's hair. Must be a Democrat. Thats why the left media calls her a witch!!
Go home, Donald. You're drunk.
#f'ingdelusional
No POTUS, the love & strength of you.  Let's face it, GOP is worthless & the cause of debt ceiling, & never standing up for us.
I'm laughing so hard at the idiot in the white house. Orange orangutan is on the loose again. #TrumpResign
#MainstreamMedia  #ZioNews  #FakeNews #VeryFakeNews #Lugenpresse #FakeJournalism
It's not about party politics (which you inconsistently support or distain). It's about Americans having affordable access to healthcare.
I never underestimate the R party  of & corporate greed. Slows our economy down every R admin, and makes life harder for middle America.
I hope you have a coalition of reps when it comes back & you do not alienate the Freedom Caucus. They will help you with our agenda.
Thank you so very much ...dig in ...save us ....#MAGA
Obama care = Obama raid My fee: before Obama: $20 for pcp visit. now: $1200 what's yours?
It's the "REPLACE" part that most of us R's don't have a lot of love for We the "REPEAL" partWhat would replace entailI c no need 4 it
You sound... mentally ill... you've diverged from reality. Repeal is more unpopular than you are... and that's quite a feat.
.... and you, @realDonaldTrump, are #fakenews.
My president I am so sorry for the way they are treating you.  It's beyond sanity.
Apparently, lots of people don't really take our country and the people's welfare into account ...they just want to make fun, degrade, and hate...God help you!!
Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love a...
You were saying... ?
Oh, I do. You all love money & you'll try to strongarm all you can from the middle class & poor. Had u figured out 4 years.
Most ridiculous tweet yet.

Love? Really? Don't speak of love when you only love yourself. And strength? They've done nothing to GET YOU OUT of the White House. RESIGN!
There is no respect or love for you - and not much at all for @SenateMajLdr - evidenced by at least 3 failed attempts.  Losing more each day
Well, you sure as heck don't love 'your' party, do you? Bullying them, hectoring them, trying to shame your party to do your will. Pathetic.
Repeal and REPLACE ... believe this is what you've been peddling
"Love, strength, & the lengths we'll go to just to screw the old and sick while blowing up 1/6th of our economy & losing millions of jobs."
Lulz. Oops.

