Terrorists are at it again in france
Ageist
Ageism reigns among the bots
So watching cnn makes you smarter? Doubt it
Leave France alone! They're being culturally enriched!
Why didn't you mention anything about the Mosque attack in the US this week?
Even FoxNews is covering it. Guess we see what's important to him.  
Wow, so Fox*does* cover news when terrorists attack those brown people Trump doesn't like - in this country, no less! Still. . .crickets.
99% of terror attacks are caused by Muslims. Christians are getting shit down every day in the Middle East. Now they're coming to the west
Exaggeration....
Alright, then where's all the Christian terrorists blowing up the Middle East?
I thought we were doing America First? Why do the troubles of the middle east dating back to bc worry U? MAGA not http://M.Middle.East.GA 
3 Years, 5 Months, 11 Days, 5 Hours, 35 Minutes, and 16 Seconds
#ImpeachTrump
No word on #MosqueBombing!
You are a straight up racist!
Thank you, President Trump, for keeping us safe.
WTH @realDonaldTrump can retweet a tragedy in France but not a word on US Marine tragedy or violence against place of worship!?!
RT @foxandfriends: France vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injured http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/08/09/france-vehicle-attack-leaves-at-least-six-soldiers-injured.html …...
So, trump is going to RT this, still no word from him about the soldiers who died.
Terrorist attack here in the U.S. and you say nothing.
No one was harmed we have no idea what actually happened. Dont get baited by fake news.
did you know a Mosque was bombed in america?
was it? When? How many dead? How does this relate to EU Terror?

US vehicle attack leaves at least 1 dead and 20 injured. Condemn white supremacists and alt-right! They are anti-American.
Trump resign now
How about the three dead Marines & mosque bombing?
No one was harmed we have no idea what actually happened. Stop getting baited by fake news.
Marines actually died in a crash. There's nothing fake about that.
Never called the news fake. I mean the people giving the news.
Keep letting savages into your once beautiful country!
That's because they took in all of that human waste
Still no mention about the police officer killed in Missouri.   
And the Minnesota mosque bombing?
Anything on the domestic terrorist attack this past week? Huh? Chirp, chirp
Interesting these selective #FoxNews stories retweeted, but NOT THIS ONE
منور

How abt tweeting a shout out to NO flooding victims or the soldier who died last week. The IN Mosque bombing? Of course not, u r selfish. 
If only you cared about your own citizens as much as your agenda. MN mosque. Osprey Marines. Respect those you are charged with protecting.
Did you know their was a terror attack ON OUR SOIL THIS WEEK?
You know American servicemen are still missing this week, right?
WHAT ABOUT THE TERROR ATTACK IN MINNESOTA?  ARE YOU SERIOUS WITH THIS NONSENSE?
Antifa is more dangerous than N Korea... they are killing people in the streets
A retweet by the @POTUS! but I thought you wanted to wait until you had proof before talking about a terrorist act, like with that mosque.

No extreme vetting in France. Only PC vetting, which means allowing everyone--including terrorists--in! We are lucky to have a real leader!
Unlike your son, who seems to think ripping off people w/ a hedge fund is more important than college or actually serving the US. Good dad!
I'm sure your family is proud that you're an America-hating, anti-law enforcement cowardly troll. So accomplished!
Yeah, my dad went to Nam so dudes like you can pretend to know what patriotism is.  He is proud of my Eagle Scout award & MBA though!
France doesn't want to anger radical Islamic terrorists, so they've allowed them to invade that once great country in record numbers--Sad!
That's a made up lie.
Do you think that he is required to put a Trump like Sad! At the end of his tweets to stay in the club? He's a #conman in training.
RTs from Faux News gets you in trouble
#MAGA
Today's FucksNews is brought to you by @realDonaldTrump as he continues to shit on the Constitution. Traitors watch Fox & support Trump
A mosque was attacked in your own country and we haven't heard from you.
45 is too busy RT-ing Fox tweets & patting himself on the back!
But even Fox is covering it

Tons of bots on the Pres posts writing nasty replies.. when I look them up they coming from a PAC lobby group that is registered Dem/Lib.
That's funny. I look up pro-Trump posters and they are mostly bots.
I can give u valid examples with the research attached, can u?
Yes.
I'm waiting.... 
For what?
U told me u had all these Trump bots to show me.....
I've checked them individually as they post. Most of Trump supporters were bots. Didn't make a list. Now I'm too old and tired to try to
What about Minnesota??
No one was harmed we have no idea what actually happened. Dont get baited by fake news.
Where is your comment and coverage of the mosque bombing in Minnesota?
No one was harmed we have no idea what actually happened. Stop getting baited by fake news.
There was a terror attack in Minnesota, too.
No one was harmed we have no idea what actually happened. Dont get baited by fake news.
Awful, just awful?
What about the mosque?? Nothing?
latest "attack", a "VEHICLE attack" (August 9, 2017; 6:1 EDT) #ISIS #FAIL
So FoxNews is state-run media now? 
JUST LIKE NORTH KOREA
stop listening to fake news. There is no state run media
Prayers
Sad, prayers.
We've had our own attack her in the US at a mosque, yet you've said nothing..'your disrespect of American citizens is disgusting #resign
No one was harmed we have no idea what actually happened. Dont get baited by fake news.
What about our own country? The mosque bombing? The 3 marines? - nothing in that for you and your base huh? You are the worst President ever
No one was harmed we have no idea what actually happened. Stop getting baited by fake news.
Curious as you've replied w this 14x, what's your take on silence regarding soldiers in Afghanistan who were KIA & we DO know what happened?
Well yeah its annoying people wake up, read the headlines and then run to DJTs twitter to voice an opinion thats not there's.
Not sure you can surmise the validity or origin of personal opinions when that generalization is as reactionary & cliche as your accusation.
While I understand comments en masse may be off putting relative to what degree you agree with the perspective in question,
it's not fair to discount a point entirely just because it's popular. That's Hipster Level: EXPERT. RTs are bulk of interaction on Twitter
so aren't we ALL  regurgitating someone else's point? Tweeting this story during radio silence on a domestic bombing and our own military
so sad to see the soliders who serve and sacrafice for our country everyday harmed
now, what we DON'T need is INFLAMMATORY RHETORIC from THIS mr. potus (August 9, 2017; 6:1 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
What do I here that Fox is the new CNN.
Does anyone doubt we're at war w Islam?
Thank you @POTUS for securing our own  borders

Prayers for #Paris 
And the UNITED STATES bombing of a mosque???  Hmm?  Crickets**
Yet you still haven't mentioned the mosque bombing or missing and presumed dead US soldiers?
But nothing from you about the mosque bombing in Minnesota? What about our Osprey that crashed while trying to land on an aircraft carrier?
No one was harmed we have no idea what actually happened. Dont get baited by fake news.
France has become a shit hole because of political correctness
While helpful to have you RT'ing the morning news, it would be great if you stopped confusing Faux & Friends as your intelligence briefing.

Any word on OUR missing Marines?
The attack on an American religious center?
You have a strange way of caring about some & not others
@POTUS
Why are you silent on Mosque attack in AMERICA???
You can RT @foxandfriends but still nothing on the marines killed in the Osprey crack and nothing on the mosque bombing. Smh unbelievable
Yet still no mention of the attack on the Muslim mosque in U.S.-still waiting!
Still waiting for your statement about the three military men that died 4 days ago and the terror attack in Minnesota. Deafening silence.
Still nothing about the American Mosque attack. But @realDonaldTrump isn't racist.
Did you hear about the hate crime at a mosque here in the USA?
Trump feed his bots.  fox cereal.
You retweet THIS story but say nothing of the bombing of a mosque in America? #Hypocrisy
Grandpa's up watching Fox, waiting for the Dulocolax to kick in!
Never saw this orange clown re-tweeting Minnesota bombing. This proves Trump is a fraud.
Don't you have"meetings and calls"? Why does Jared Kushner still have a security clearance?
Trump, you must be real stupid!!!
What's happening, looking for a new job crazy man 
Hey Donnie, how about the US? Any thoughts on what's happened with US CITIZENS?
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Why has Trump said NOTHING about terrorist attack in Minnesota?
Still nothing about the terrorist attack on US soil? Or the missing marines? Very presidential... Sad
@realDonaldTrump still no mention of the 3 marines who died by accident in the Australian waters.  So fn sad!
Are you just retweeting or would you like to comment, Mr. President?
Get off @foxandfriends jock.
What about the attack on Americans in Minnesota?
No one was harmed we have no idea what actually happened.
Wasn't a mosque attacked right here in the U.S.?  Crickets......
Another cowardly act.... Probably a French Democrat  lol
Yet still NOTHING about the mosque bombing in Minnesota. Pathetic.
Still no mention of American soldiers who died in Afghanistan this week?
Forgive me - I should have said Marines.
Meanwhile Muslims were attacked here in America #DistractedPresident #AmericaFirst
Why don't you read REAL News?
The Religion of Kill Steal & Destroy busy doing Satans will. Allah the moon god is Satan a fallen angel. Wise up Islamist or you will burn!
Put down the phone and get back to the golf course!  You've ruined our credibility enough!
You retweet this, but no mention a US house of worship was bombed?

What is wrong with you?
Why all of this damn Propaganda?

Think any response from Trump??? Doubt it!
And what about the mosque bombing? Not a peep from you or your Veep.
I thought u don't mention these attacks until thoroughly checked for fake news ..that's what U said about mosque attack you hypocrite
Don, a mosque in the US was bombed four days ago. You've said nothing about it.

Why can't you make a statement about this? And you forgot to mention the horrible terrorist attack in Minnesota.
I see @realDonaldTrump noticed this. But no reference to the Sat. bombing of a mosque here in the US. Why are you silent, Mr. President?
STOP RETWEETING FOX!!! YOU PSYCHO!!!
Mosque in Minn firebombed? Where's your concern?
@EmmanuelMacron 

Very sad! Thoughts and prayers with them for immediate recovery
Fear war mongering wont stop Muellers grand jury. I hear @JustinTrudeau is using diplomacy and  class with Korea. Thank u Sir. #Impotus
More censorship. Won't give us identity of attacker. I'll tell you - it's a young Islamic man.
Issa raid
I can settle the Qatar blockade crisis in 14 days if l have a sit down with US Secretary Rex Tillerson & Qatar leaders. CALL + 2347032367094
@realDonaldTrump  - wow, you retweet this but still nothing about the 3 Marines we lost.
Funny, U can tweet about foreign terrorist attack,
BUT NOT about one on American soil.
UR Job? to protect ALL
SAD!
You still haven't come out with a statement about our own soldiers but you RT THIS?
#ImpeachTrump
Good job you can repeat MSM headlines.
God, #Cheeto! Why the hell are you retweeting all these news articles for nothing? You're nothing but obsessed with shit-stirring!
In the meantime, a mosque was firebombed in the US.
Just last month you said that you hardly watch television.
How come you never say anything about the racial violence you have caused in this country Mr President?
Not a word about the mosque bombing in Seattle.
Terrorist attack against muslims on us soil. Still not a peep.
MR. POTUS move ALL KOREAN MILITARY DEPENDENTS OUT OF KOREA. This will chill NK Pyongyang into a great poker game!
"Vehicle" attack... must have been a google driverless car.
And still you have said NOTHING about the attack on the mosque in Minnesota or the three Marines killed this week. Disgraceful.
He's too busy being a pompous ass w/that little putz from North Korea!  All we need is a nuclear war/winter!   Ugh!  >:(
Use tragic events to push hate...good job

Minnesota terrorist act? Any comment yet from @potus ?
Do you have a contract with Fox for how many retweets you have to do everyday? You need to listen more to your advisers & less to Fox.
i love @realDonaldTrump  . 

i respect @realDonaldTrump 

i miss @realDonaldTrump 

One more trump
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews glad UR supporting Fox & friends @MSNBC @PoliticalDiscor @nytimes @washingtonpost
Fox&Friends, have you not told @POTUS of the mosque bombing on US soil?  And you call yourself an Intel agency.
You can tweet about french soliders but not our own!?
What about the three soldiers we just lost in plane crash?
Still nothing on the Marines that died or the attack on the mosque.
How about the attack on the Minnesota mosque?
How the HELL can it be that you tweet about an attack in France, but have not said ONE WORD about the bombing of a mosque in OUR country?

As president you should be using the IAs as your source not fake news fox& friends #WorstPresidentEver #releaseyourtaxes #PutinsPuppet
Funny how you don't mention that there are at least 5,700 times Muslims have protested violent extremism
What about the terror attack in Minnesota???  When will we see a response from you?
You are lame, drumpf.
Headline reads like fake news.  Vehicles do not attack.

What about the mosque attack?  What about the fallen Osprey soldiers?
They don't fit the scare narrative.
Why denounce it when you can just rt
Why haven't you tweeted about the terrorist attacks in our country against mosques last week?
Comments?
Were you hoping for this?
Any news about the Mosque attack in Minnesota?
Those naughty, naughty vehicles...
Wasn't there an attack in #minnesotamosque . What happened to #AmericaFirst?
What happened to focusing on domestic issues?  https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2016/07/17/deadliest-attacks-police-last-100-years/87222472/ … via @usatoday
FOX also puts out fake news just like CNN
@realDonaldTrump RT's re FRENCH soldiers injured but zip when AMERICAN MUSLIMS attacked. Not a surprise from man playing chicken w/ lunatic.
FAUX news!
Seriously? How about retweeting something (anything!) about the Marines who died or the bombing of the mosque?
You tweet about 6 French soldiers injured?  What about 3 dead Marines last week and a mosque bombed right here at home?  You are pathetic.
do you care about our military that just died in Australia? Why don't you say something about that?

What's really sad is that radical Islamic terrorists are conservatives in the same way Republicans are conservatives.  Accept changes idiots

@realDonaldTrump I think you forgot to tweet that we lost 3 marines in Australia and about the mosque bombing here.
You retweet this, but have said nothing about the mosque bombing in MN? Your bias is reckless.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews omg!
If only you reacted about the bombing of a mosque in our own country as quickly as you do international news. Have you mentioned it yet?
You guys are not reporting on Minnesota bombing. That means you guys are not American.
Still not talking about the terrorist attack in a mosque in Minnesota?
So you retweet this and nothing about the mosque bombing in MN. Classy.  You are the pres of United SA.  Start acting like it.  #failure
You might want to mention our own troops who have recently died.  Also, you might want to address the hate attack on our citizens.
