Bragging about accomplishing nothing except bringing us to the verge of war, supporting your __?golf trips & Private Flight Club.
Produce your taxes.. to see if Russia and China contributed to your Deals. . Please start eating healthy. . It shows.we want you healthy. .
And, she's still...nacho president!
All Trump/GOP donors should be tried for treason.
Only after Hillary is executed for treason.
All of you deplorables are nothing if not an argument for better education and free birth control.
You’re so loving and compassionate.
Deplorables don't deserve anything beyond a life sentence.
North Korea wants you, no, North Korea NEEDS you!
You and the other deplorables will serve as cannon fodder for Donnie Dumb-Dumb's idiotic war. Good riddance.
And pat on back starts....now
#BUILDTHEWALL. Thank you Mr. President!!
You say that but records show donors jumping ship because you're not getting anything done.
GREATEST PRESIDENT IN DECADES!   Thank you for all the hard work!  (Now if we could only get Congress jump-started to help out)
What exactly have you accomplished?
Finally something we can agree on. You laundered way more money than any other candidate. Bravo sir. Tell it to the judge buddy
You are, unfortunately, the POTUS which means you should be working hard for EVERY American including liberals, minorities, & Puerto Ricans.
I contributed to the WALL!!!
Loads of it from Russia.
󾓬
So what golf course are you at this morning?
You are working hard at destroying our nation. Thus 32 percent approval rating.
Psssttt...your desperation is showing....
Women use birth-control medicine not as a whim, but to live a healthy life. Doing what is right for themselves + families  It's our religion
Impeach!
Explode!
Yes ‘for them’. And that is the problem.
Yeah just for them!  32% of the population
They need to take in more money they are paying your family's legal fees.  #POSPresident #fakepresident #MoronTrump #DotardTrump
Working hard? Doing what? Pouting because someone called you names isn't work.
NRA, and goldman Sachs?
Your job is to work hard for ALL Americans, not just the ones who line your pockets.
Loses have nothing else to do but watch CNN
You can take out ads on social media with all that money, works well, ask your buddy
Does it still count of that money is laundered Russian money?
I didn't know that Vladimir Putin was considered to be a "small donor".
I'm amazed by how much money the Nazis and Russians have to donate to your campaign.  Oh no, I'm really not.  After all, Russia heads up the largest cybercriminal operations in the world.  That's all going in your pockets!
I hear that most of your fundraising is going to your legal fund.  How truly American you are!
So is it true that you are firing Tillerson for calling you what you really are -- a Moron?
Let me get this straight. We are in the midst of a recovery from 3 huge hurricanes, we just had the largest mass murder in history and Trump says that this is the "calm before the storm".  I'm terrified!
We really need a president who is more focused on America than himself.
It would also he nice to have a president who doesn't casually provoke war on Twitter and through unscripted comments.
STOP THIS SANCTUARY CALIFORNIA BILL MOONBEAM SIGNED TODAY! IM SO TIRED OF THESE DEMS RUINING MY STATE W/ CROOKED POLITICS 2  RETAIN POWER.
Now try working hard for everybody.
This is fake news. RNC taking in more than DNC, but D candidates are having a great fundraising year, thanks to you!
You still had 3 million less votes and a smaller inauguration crowd.
Well, they are the deplorables
It must be #fakenews






Seriously yet u support HRC. Nothing u claim about Russia is true yet everything HRC has been proven she left ppl 2 die but what’s it matter
Maybe he can go atop the Empire State building with a good tin foil hat on &tune in election results Nov 2020 as Trump Wins again


You're only working for yourself.
Wow! Your small donors gave more than the $52 million you got from the NRA?
Being President has been quite lucrative for you!
Not to worry.  The RNC is under investigation and the entire Reublican party's days are numbered.  Jail time for many!
This is not a game. You are responsible for the lives of millions of Americans. It's not about you!
MAGA!

Here’s another picture of Hillary with a sexual predator.
Except that he’s not. But I sure am wondering why .@HillaryClinton is so silent re: #HarveyWeinstein #FemFrauds #FauxFems
Except, he admitted it.
You do know men lie about things they SAY they do, but don't?  
Saying AND doing it is two DIFFERENT things.
And what about the 12 women who have accused the President of rape or sexual assualt? Are the lying, too? Which is the lie, then? That he grabbed women without their consent or that he didn’t abuse these women?
What part of “they let you” do you not understand? Ever heard of women who throw themselves at rich celebs? Yeah, they actually exist. 
BREAKING: Steve Scalise throws the first pitch at the #Nats vs #Cubs game
Remember a LESBIAN cop saved his ass. A WOMAN. So this is the only way you all could laugh about knocking her down.
#AlertTheDaycareStaff

Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
@BarwhsB Working hard to get money, how about working hard for the American People?You are NOT going to have 2nd term, you don't have the1st
Hallo Mr. Moron...are you doing great?''.are you still makin yourself great again...??!!
If GOP are not starting to move their behinds and get some things done we will only donate to @POTUS directly!
Donald, hold onto it, you'll need it for lawyers. Mueller is coming for you & your whole family. DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump #MAGA
@BreitbartNews

Says the man that said he was gonna pay for his campaign out of pocket yet another lie
https://youtu.be/gAG-KtnZtbI 
Nuevo invento para supervivencia
Si hay hambre es por qué las organizaciones humanitarias no tienen conocimiento de este invento.
@BarwhsB Paying your staff with your own money isn't that called paying for their silence. So are so Nixon like!
Ooh yeah mr. Racis...go ahead and lie...but we knows who you are...you mazi
Even a billion dollars could not help a flawed Candidate like HRC. Who they going to run. Waters Schumer. I know Weinstein.
MAGA!
It looks like you've deceived your donors into thinking the money goes to you, not the RNC. Do they know this $ is paying your legal fees?





It looks to me like you're obsessed with your own image and not particularly interested in the welfare of ordinary voters.
No, that would be Trump.
No, it's you.
So, you admit it's you.
Are we talking height or weight? Or maybe girth....
Dyslexic. He meant hardly working.
If you mean you are working hard spending their donations to keep your ass out of jail, yeah, I guess so. Aren't you a "billionaire"?
Like the Koch Bros?
Like I said before, they can pay for all of your bullshit golf trips, Pence trips, your fucking kids trips and security- you don’t do shit
You work hard? BITCH PLEASE 
President Trump, thank you for giving the American people a voice.
If by "small donors," you mean the Koch brothers, then I appreciate you telling the truth!
no, no, no. You are working hard to FOOL them.
I thought WP was fake news? So, do they lie, or do you only accept news as being truthful when they give you a chance to brag?
Let's see the donor list. Please!! Otherwise you are trying to divide us with made up facts again.
#Russia #TREASON #FakePresident #FatAssDouche I couldn't help the last one.
Let’s see how much they have to donate when they get your tax reform bill.
Yes..those small donors are paying your legal bills..  no ethics at all....sleeze
You stirring up trouble because you know your ass is on thin ICE and it's about to break!
You are the biggest liar to ever hold the presidency. You lie so much you forget the lies you told previously. #dotard
Are you referring to those tiny people with the pointy ears that have been hanging out in the tree outside? That is Jeff Sessions, sir.
SIR, CAN'T U STOP SPLITTING YR CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS WITH RNC? WHY GIVE $ TO RNC, WHICH GIVES IT TO RINOs, WHO ARE AGAINST U & YR POLICIES?
Get that tax reform & you'll have more than enough money to get the Congress you deserve.
There's no evidence either way that he said or didn't say this. But what do you care about things like evidence, Trump loves the uneducated.
Sure small donations from the Mercer’s the Koch brothers and the DeVos Families. Hmm small donors? U are delusional.
Don't you mean VP Pence is working while you tweet, play golf,  and watch Fox news?
Did you tell them you’re using their money to pay your legal bills?
But we insist upon that money going towards candidates who support your agenda & who want to MAGA.
Taking in money for the fucking morons legal expenses..
also how much goes to pay your legal bills?
Please help CALIFORNIA candidates, we can't take any more libs....
Maybe you should move to the South,
Those donations will certainly dry up when you and the GOP screw them on taxes. Perhaps tell them the truth now. No cuts for middle class.
Like trying to take away their health care? Cutting taxes for the rich? Restricting abortion when even "pro-lifers" find it "necessary?"
All the money in the world will not buy you a reelection
Impeachment is better or prison for being a Traitor
and I’m sure you will give them HUGE tax breaks.
Yeah, at cheating them.
Working hard?!?  
You are so full if yourself!
We you Donald. From Queens to Vegas, you ROCK
Who are you kidding.... you are hardly working, and the work you actually do benefits you!
Working hard to keep up the minimum payments to your lawyers for them to keep working.
#FAKENEWS

I feel so little in this matter. Being on a fixed income and barely enough to go around I sadly can not help. God Bless!
How about uniting people instead of dividing
That's Because GOP LIED. I Thought I was Giving To Your 2020 campaign. When I found Out it Went To GOP coffers I STOPPED. NOT ONE RED CENT
I've been looking4 a (S Business Grant) Can U help? So, I can get off SSI! I've 4yr Degree! I want 2use Gods Gift2 Help! I'm barely living!
You're working hard for yourself & rich "friends", not us low & middle income people.
Yea and sucking them dry by wanting them to pay your legal fees, SAD! Pay with your own damn money! #illegaUseOfGOPFunds
Oops forgot foreign enemies of the USA also donate to democrats and help them cheet on elections
You are supposed to be President for both sides. Stop making everything a competition. #sicko
The contributions you’re getting from the offensive email you’re sending out pretending to care about Vegas victims & asking for donations??
you're still a hack of a President, but I am sure Vlad appreciate the job your doing.#chaospresident #chaosisyourbrand.
Please find a way to stop nuclear war before it effects the entire planet! #NoToWar
#Trump working hard for votes from his bigot base while not doing his actual job is destroying our nation.
Who the fuck cares! What are you doing about DACA, PR, women’s rights, children’s rights and safety, food for the hungry etc...U r just AH
Money is all you care about, except spending it on Puerto Rico relief.  At least could have tossed Brand name, hmmm no trash pick up
Yeah first i will take away there health insurance. Then i take away there $ with higher taxes. But it won't matter after nuclear war.
Your donors would sell their own moms because they are too stupid & too inbred to see what you and the GOP are doing to them. Q the banjos
They want their money back. You've done nothing. Zero. Grifter.
I will not donate again until Paul Ryan, Mitch mcconnell and John McCain are gone!
If you have small donors , it is because they are ignorant and believed your BS. But guessing all your donors are huge. Believe me. Huge.
I won't contribute to the Republican party swamp.  I will only contribute directly to the Trump campaign.  After it is drained, then I will.
What exactly have you done for the "little guy"? All I see are benefits for the wealthy and well-connected. #brokenpromises
You’re supposed to be working for ALL of us
Wish you would work with & 4 ALL: Might pay to GAIN new supporters than 2 continue to alienate all but UR base. There are many #independents
We are the giant red swarm of TRUMP voters! MAGA! We took the polls by storm in 2016 and will again!

You mean stealing money!!! Where exactly is the money left over from your campaigne at again? Oh that’s right it magically disappeared!
I don’t think tweeting qualifies as “working hard.”
Well Russian donations help!  And you know..  crooks and cheats stick together. YOU ARE THE SWAMP!!
https://twitter.com/TranslateRealDT/status/916646526516125696 … #MAGA @Gop #bumpstocks #DrainTheSwamp #Nate #DNA8thWin #DonaldTrump
...The RNC is spending far more $ on legal defense funds lately, and much of it for my own crimes. I am making them work hard for it! https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/916622087606980609 …
FAKE FUCKING NEWS.
LOLLMAO,SNICKER,SNORT,CHUCKLE....LMAO
All your donors are drying up since you can't get anything done Dotard
Russian money??
You do need a lot of money for all the attorneys you are your OUTHOUSE BRIGADE need due to all the CORRUPTION you all are involved in. SAD!!
We do what we can Mr. President. Thank you for stepping away from your life to save this beautiful country. Prayers and love from Texas.
You are,so vain,  you think only to glorify yourself.. stop it.. you are pompous.. learn some humolity, stop using your generals to clean up
And yet your approval ratings are flirting with Nixon-era lows. Oh, and Mueller's still breathing down your neck.
And the $$'s being used to pay for your legal bills for the investigations into you and your crime family. 
@realDonaldTrump  needs to work hard for us not RNC. #CleantheSwamp.
Drain the swamp-send everyone home. Out law political contributions. Make America Great with strait up voting by citizens only.
Oh really? WTF have U done? Your 'team' took insurance away from 3 million kids. You just made it harder for women to get birth control ...
i think green projet,it s gone a be really important in the futur,rebuild and think about the weather and make your best
You are working hard. On your golf game.
@realDonaldTrump r u autistic?
I think you are taking advantage of them.
What about all of our tax dollars that appears to now be for you & you’re admin personal use. This is why we get nothing from you.No HC ETC
Your corrupt minions taking from the working - class, the poor, & others. Most sensible Americans think you're a crook.
Aren't you Using their money to pay your legal bills? #russiahelpedtrumpwin

You get my money Big Guy 
https://facebook.com/actdottv/videos/693802424143660/ …
You lost the election by 3 million votes.  Looser
How much would it take to get you to resign? Name your price and we will get it together. Lets set a date for the payoff and your exit.
Yes, you are.  You're working hard to disenfranchise them.  You're a global embarrassment.
