I'm so consistently amazed at how gullible Trump's 24% are. It's as if they are living on a planet with no tv, newspaper or internet. @CNN
Career politicians live taxpayers, Don't want corrupt dealings exposed. Trump is threatening just that! MSM takes  big $$$ from the left
@ActivistBowen2 Temper tantrums like a wee spoiled brat
i'd say OVERGROWN CHILD (August 26, 2017; 12:30 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL

As the North Korea situation reminds us, we will be dealing with the consequences of electing Barack Obama for decades to come!
,...by EVEN MORE EXTREME people (August 11, 2017; 4:50 EDT) #CONGRESS #FAIL


"Americans are less likely to be laid off than at any point in at least 50 years." The result of "a vastly improved labor market" per @WSJ


More jobs, low unemployment, higher consumer confidence- that’s why Americans are rallying behind .@POTUS. 

"Americans are less likely to be laid off than at any point in at least 50 years." The result of "a vastly improved labor market" per @WSJ

Obama didn't think Trump could do it. Trump proved him wrong! 1 million jobs so far & counting! #MAGA 
ASSCLOWN


https://twitter.com/I_AmAmerica/status/895260196301361153 …

As the North Korea situation reminds us, we will be dealing with the consequences of electing Barack Obama for decades to come!

Obama didn't think Trump could do it. Trump proved him wrong! 1 million jobs so far & counting! #MAGA 
Thank you Jeff Flake for standing up to Trump. More need to! We need Trump out and Fox needs to be held accountable for its propaganda!
2-word advice for @JeffFlake: Start packing!
They have guts!!
Fox has chosen. Prez, party, country.
A reminder: there are three EQUAL branches of government. You are above noone, and certainly not above the law.
Btw, this is a direct threat and blackmail again. From the POTUS to senators. One more impeachable offense.
Bullshit. WE the people get to vote these swamp rats out.
Paybacks is what trumps administration is all about-not the safety of America
Omg if you would act the a leader. You're not a republican it seems sir. You better get it together. #TrumpRussia yeah we haven't forgot

Go to Venezuela... You all will feel more at home !!
People don't recognize that as a problem? A lot of voters want these guys out because they aren't doing their job, which is working for US.
Turning on Trump is the least of their problems.
Too bad you didn't get out when you (and senate) didn't get behind Obama.
3 Years, 5 Months, 9 Days, 5 Hours, 47 Minutes, and 46 Seconds
Better tack on another 4 years, and buckle up buttercup. You're going to have a rough ride son...

You're acting more like Dear Leader than President, demanding fealty from all. Read the goddamned Constitution.
This guy is beginning to be the hand puppet of the MSM
So you feel they should meet the desires of Rich benefactors instead of listening to their actual constituents. So sad!

Dear Fox and Friends: I find it super Pervy that your kissing the president's ass so hard. Please stop. You're grossing me out #Stopit
Ya the fallout that private money from a billionaire class will go to a primary rivals campaign #endcitizensunited
Senators owe the President no loyalty!
Any fallout for not doing his bidding is purely unconstitutional.
We have 3 branches of government for this very reason.
Never has there been a President in such need of checks and balances.
If someone chooses not to support your kind of crazy that's their choice. But you have to accept the benefits and consequences.

Speaking out against Trump is like the same as speaking out against the whole COVFEFE!!!
Tearing the Republican party apart in race at a time.... great job!
Unbelievable that he's proud of attempting to bully senators into doing what he wants.  He's not a king, not a dictator, they serve us.
Idiotic thread #Yawn
That's awesome, I have an aunt and uncle that live in Chandler Arizona & they need & want someone good!
I cannot believe we have a president who watches cable news all day!
Kick the bums out!  It won't be that bad for 'em since they'll be able to cash-out on all those delayed bribes which is how it's done in DC
Wow. Re tweeting articles about your bullying tactics. What next?
What are we running here? A GOT? A dictatorship? I thought we allowed opposition in this country.

The fallout now will be an innumerable degree easier to deal with than a continual support of this destruction of decency and democracy.


Romans 15:13
Now may the #God of #hope fill you with all #joy and #peace in believing, that you may [1/2]
You are the devil..

There will be a reckoning come 2018 election. #TrumpSupportersVote
At least they will walk away with their morals and values and find themselves on the right side of history!
"SENATORS learn...HARD way re fallout from TURNING ON..." (August 11, 2017; 4:50 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
"fox & FRIENDS???" (August 11, 2017; 4:50 EDT) #FOXnews #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
UNFORTUNATELY, we may have a WEIMAR GERMANY-like situation..., (August 11, 2017; 4:50 EDT) #CONGRESS #FAIL
consequence   is hero  and  re-election
latest from "FOX & friends" (August 11, 2017; 4:50 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
this channel ABSOLUTELY NOT ANY1's "friend"...,(August 11, 2017; 4:50 EDT) #FOXnews #FAIL
Jesus, @realDonaldTrump are you just retweeting praise? You fucking egomaniac. Get off twitter before you start a nuclear war, dumbass.
If you were ACTUALLY doing a good job, you wouldn't have to inflate your ego with this crap. You'd know it. You're the original #FAKENEWS


DJT Is theEmbodiment of Pre-War GermanyDuring theReign of the3rdReich. Now the4thReich WantsU 2Feel Shame4 CriticizingTrump. Well I SayNuts!
I hate to say it. Hilary was correct about trump. He's unstable. He's dangerous. He has no diplomacy. Get him out!!
#FakePresident is the source of #FakeNewsMedia #Fakery. Truly bad #POSOTUS. Always the bully coward. Sad.
Well vetted list of lies (26 pages @ 20 lies per page). Try refuting each and every one with YOUR facts.
http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/statements/?list=speaker …
yes, we could be seeing people EVEN MORE EXTREME than TRUMP. HOLY SHIT (August 11, 2017; 4:50 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #CONGRESS #FAIL
,...EXCEPT DELUDED supporters of (August 11, 2017; 4:50 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL

"Trump approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men" http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/trump-approval-rebounds-to-45-surges-among-hispanics-union-homes-men/article/2630910 …
@JeffFlake , Trump's supporters are 24%, I knew his supporters had diminished. The Mercers contributed  $300k to a Buffoon's  Super-Pac is nothing. Is the Supreme Court going to reverse their ruling on Citizens United? This will help. The Money in politics is no good at all.
Will @SenateGOP EVER learn? We elected @realDonaldTrump to change D.C. & put Americans above special interest & lobbyists. We chose #MAGA 
Well, Trump is the swamp with a hoard of lobbyists, so... looks like you lost. #MAGA is a complete joke.
A storm doesn't need to come.  I would like to live.  I would like my kids to live.  #facepalm
Oh I don't scare easily. I come from military stock.  
Does this offend you, @JeffFlake?
Will it offend u when it's Trump behind bars? During election he said don't vote for Hillary. She will be under crim. investigation. Karma?
DT much more than just the person, the pres. He's a movement, rebirth of American greatness. Flake anti-Trump = Flake anti-America. Go home.
@SenDeanHeller & @SenFlakeStaff - YOU SUCK.  FOX SHOULD NAME THEM.
Did you really just write "turning on Trump"? That's what you call it when someone disagrees with a president? How many "turned on" P Obama?
NOT that THEY were functioning...,(August 11, 2017; 4:50 EDT) #CONGRESS #FAIL
if SANE people took these seats from trump supporters, that'd be A DREAM (August 11, 2017; 4:50 EDT) #CONGRESS
,...where gop members who "turned on trump" will be challenged in PRIMARIES...,(August 11, 2017; 4:50 EDT) #CONGRESS #FAIL
now, we're talking re fallout 4 some in..., (August 11, 2017; 4:50 EDT) #CONGRESS #FAIL
No need to worry. Trump will be gone before the election.
Insulin has gone up in price 3000% in last 25 years, while price of manufacture has gone down. CEO Pay UP 1000X, GOP are Merchants of DEATH
BS
I don't understand what the senate is doing getting the healthcare fixed is for the people not POTUSA. Dems will never get votes
RT @foxandfriends: Senators learn the hard way about the fallout from turning on Trump http://fxn.ws/2wNTq4x ...
Get on the Trump Train or go home in 2018! MAGA 
Trump train?  #stupid #dumbingofamerica
Obama/Clinton war room rats.        
Trump will back stab anybody to protect his own hide. Except his only failing family. Guy is totally mentally unstable and should step down.
Mercers need to be stopped. They are the reason we have Bannon Conaway Miller in WH.They'er the 1's that wanted Flynn & Cohen Watnick in NSA
Republicans are takin" names!!
The fallout of being respected by others?
b z,  , lb , l bl. b, l l z z,  b bb
They will get their come upins
How biased can you get?  What about all the votes and donations @JeffFlake is going to gain by putting country before party?
Flake needs to campaign for DOG CATCHER
lol.
why is this brag worthy?
Yah, LOYALTY TO THE FUHRER - or else!


Nitwits at FUXNews like to think of the Nitwit-in-Chief as a benevolent dictator.
Don't worry.  The Repubs are hurting themselves daily.
They all need to go

So billionaire oligarchs control the US in full and you think that's voter choice? Cc @JeffFlake @SenateMajLdr
Support @DannyTarkanian get Never Trumpers out ! #MAGA
FAKE NEWS !
Great story! It is about time the pressure is put on these men who are supposed to be representing us and backing our great POTUS!
Flake writes about conservatism, but iaw Liberty only voted conservative 50% of time the last 6 years. He is gone in 2018!
Once again the power of the vote will drain that swamp some more!
Vote them all out! Clean house! Dump Trump Too!!!
Fall in line or else, the essence of crooked politics. #Trump supposedly different but really the worst manifestation of it all. 

#Swamp
It's a dog eat dog world w/ @GOP and they did it to themselves by letting @realDonaldTrump run the campaign he did and then represent them
Good!!
Fake news.
just another way for Trump to try and threaten independent thinkers, playing the fox fake news card. Sad behavior from an elected official
Focus on America, not vengeance against dissenters. Dissent is a god given American right. Respect that.
Yes just wait for the 2018 election new Republican faces we can promise no snowflakes
Trump and Fox News are an embarrassment to our country. Trump was never a Republican. He is a CON Man @realDonaldTrump
They represent voters. Not you.
Yes, watch Fox & Fools on FFN (Fox Fake News) for all the lies not fit to print!
It is time they stand up for the country rather than party.  Ideals and morals matter. Not to Trump but to many of us.  They have my vote.
Bully tactics that will bite you in the arse! Very Poor leadership by @realDonaldTrump! Failure! Perhaps you should heed your own words!
#FakeNews #FakePOTUS
Hahaha!  Really?
3 pillars, act with your heart and your principles. DT and Fox spreading fear tactics. Democracy takes courage, sadly lacking at Fox and WH
As an Arizona Conservative voter Jeff Flake & John McCain need to be replaced. We need to know who Trump supporters are. Please STEP-UP
"turning on"? 
That's the language of tinpot banana republics.
In a functioning democracy, you might mean "has a policy disagreement with"
We need people like Flake out of office ASAP @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP
The ideal press organization is just another outlet for His message, reinforcing the Twitter direct propaganda feed. #authoritarianism
  tRump is a joke and a horses ass (sorry horse) and FAUX Opinion is licking the shit off his boots.
Funny thing is, by the time Flake is up for re-election, you won't even be President any more.
Idiots will be replaced with hard working patriots.
rinos and never Trumpers, such as these asses, should be thrown out! No accomplishments except being a hawg at the public trough
Republicans need to get behind our agenda POTUS knows better than slow moving House and Senate he keeps promises their turn to produce  NOW!
Trump is a bully. What happened to Melania's mission of anti-bullying?Oops, she is bullied by her so called husband.Disgraceful first family
Just goes to show it's all about Donald, nobody else, including American citizens.
Better shape it up

I guess @foxandfriends is state run media.
This is ridiculous.
We have a #POTUS who retweets tv shows like my crazy old next door neighbor.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Not that we needed it but this confirms your desire to be dictator...sick SOB
Senators who support Trump will in fact fall the hard way in the '18 elections. Smart ones are finally turning away from the dangerous fool.
Flake isn't getting my vote next time around!!
And you brag about this!!! These men were truly elected by their constituents,  no biased Electoral College!  #UnAmerican #Dictator
That's some real thuggery going on there, in the Republic Party.
Again, they think they're the boss of the U.S.A..  They need some hard lessons.
Good I hope new republicans run against these Rhinos and they all get voted out,,KARMAS A BITCH
isn't congress elected to serve we the people but not trump the idiot president. Constitution doesn't  says they have to side with him
Get the FLAKE OUT
Fox News = Fake News 
Stop acting like Trump's propaganda office.
Drain the swamp
They lied didn't repeal and replace and have self interest for money and power than the American people time for a change thanks potus
Flake is a fake and President Trump Knows it. He'll weed out the assholed.
Thats right.  Only tolerate the lemmings. Democracy at work. Sad to think that our founding fathers did not anticipate #FakeNews Trump.
And 1 day later, GOP turns on #Twitler failure 2 condemn #AltReich. #sucksBannondick #epicfail #Charlottesviille #BadPOTUS
Then your constituents must not be that bright.
Stupid POTUS threatens Senators again. It's like Trump doesn't know what he's talking about like he's totally stupid.
TWO WORTHLESS SENATORS THEY ARE THE SWAMP.
We'll see!!
What the Senators fail to realize,We support President Trump not them.We are done with their self serving ways.
Senators learn the hard way about the fallout from turning on US...WORRY ABOUT US as you should
Indeed -- like getting applauded in airports by their grateful constituents and rising poll numbers. Such terrible fallout! #fakepresident
Good Drain the Swamp. These liars say they want to repeal OCare then they don't do it. Wake up and do the job the voters elected you to do.
Don't forget Tillis from NC.
no hard way, too stupid and tone deaf is more like it.
Bye, bye!
Get em Trump
snobs think they are better than people who elected them, anyone not in their swamp stupid.They have got to go.Power has gone to their head.
Except McCain hasn't learned a damn thing
God forbid you disagree with our Lord and savior Trump.

Like those supporting fare any better. Look at the list?
Yes and one day they're going to wake up and remember that the constitution makes them equal to the office. You, you're just a placeholder
I'll be there to replace them Flake must go, Ward is a re-branded politician.
€ n@ha @
You are such a child.
Shame on them. Putting party before country. Suppressing democracy through extortion. They dare to disagree so the leader takes them down.
@JeffFlake Goodbye! Good luck! Good riddance!
Keeping at this rate the entire @GOP will be erased by 2020
Trump is retaliating against his own people. How is that Making American Great Again?
#DrainTheRINOSwamp
He's almost a gang of one.. almost done.
Good.  Let them all go to hell.  They sure have no problem sending America there.
