You seriously liked your own tweet smh

Gospodiine predse
The lowest participation of an ignoraration ever!
Since music is so valuable, please bring back the $$ for the National Endowment for the Arts.  We need music, art, and public broadcasting.
@JosephERash1 beautiful fireworks & correlating song, " Glory, Glory Hallelujah- His TRUTHis marching on! 

Please Stop dead, please. I want to go to the  US for my master's degree.
is it because you're starring in it?
God bless you President Trump!
wishe you the best Mr president Donald trump
please MrPresident I'm requesting your prompt attention to Obama's executive order giving @IRSnews power to revoke passport
Man, you got the shittiest "musicians." How embarrassing.
Great Concert?! All of your performers suck!
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/501554/&ved=0ahUKEwiDhpnUpuPRAhUIbiYKHTE1CE0QFgjPATAb&usg=AFQjCNFFexNZPDuyhnm2tcBNPoNGMOokaA&sig2=LXYGjz3vzVUqbuKbkBG-Yw …
Lord Trump, do not build walls, better, help unify the world!
concert shouldn't be capitalized
Sad showing, sorry program.
Tears of Joy......Can it start all over...18 months ago...U..& your family R  truly amazing...
Yawn!!! Hahaha!!! No A listers for the Orange Blob!!
Such a disappointment.
Obama distroy siria and libia, dont miss with algeria
Too bad only 10,000 made it...400,000 made it to Obama's.
the great est
man for U S A
lmao Toby drunk Keith much like you a pretender n cheater
Lincoln himself  saw you there ... Said #IllegitTrump is NOT @POTUS
Remaining economic benefits to seniors (Soc Sec), especially female seniors on their own    Overlooked and hurting   
Corporate tax cut w money going to not managers and owners but to a minimum wage increase.  That's a great America!  
yeah I'm sure the 1000 people that went really enjoyed it.
ACTUALLY, IT WAS PRETTY LAME !
Congratulations Mr. President, our family is rooting for you 24/7 and our prayers for your success are with you.
nul

liar
first concert at the Lincoln Memorial. Period.
the concert was great
first time 3 doors down has ever been described as "great"
#pixoritdidnthappen
Great ???  Really ?
Stop bullying fat people, they have enough on their plate.
Minecraftcrazy530
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse
@mike_pence @TIME  "Grab em by the PUSSY"
@mike_pence @TIME
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
I’m sorry, was I meant to be offended? The only thing offending me is your face.
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
Shame your first 143 choices of musical acts turned you down!
bottom of the barrel
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.

You couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat
I think I left my condoms at your mum's house last night.
You are the reason people are blind
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
We enjoyed.
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”
Don’t you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?
All the branches fell off your family tree when you were born
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
Ever since I have seen you in your family tree, I have wanted to cut it down.
Your mum's like a switch, even a two-year old can turn her on.
Boycott the socialist Sweden now! Do not buy swedish products or services.
I’ve been called worse by better.
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.

I’ve seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
The zoo called. They’re wondering how you got out of your cage?
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
Go away I was looking at something better than you
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
What concert?  They one boycotted by artists? Yep, YUGE like TrumpEGO!
How much does your daughter cost?
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
VideoGameTiger
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
You know, your mom is a big liar. She said that she never makes the same mistake twice... then you brother was born
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
yo momma so fat shes got pesos in one pocket and yen in the other
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
It was shitty with second rate talent.
I’m sorry, was I meant to be offended? The only thing offending me is your face.
Your head's so big that it has its own postcode
Who do you think is the best comedy team? ME? I think it's your parents....they made the biggest joke!
Hahahaha good one! Funniest thing you've ever said!
ur concert kinda sucked actually. The best past was 3DD, they were good...
nope your tame it was hilarious
You couldn't even get a Bruce Springsteen COVER band. You're more pathetic than my micro-penis.
WTG, you'll have to excuse the SORE LOSERS
oh is that the runner up to the runner up from AGT? Should be yuge! Won't want to miss that!
please! No real talent will perform for you!
haha top acts? 

stop with the Twitter you are 70 years old grow up
Too bad you couldn't get any real entertainment. Lol
That's hilarious!
it was awesome!
only two numbers that matter-
62979879
And 
65844954
Period
End of debate
Toby Keith.  You gotta be sh...big me.  Never took you for a fan
3 Doors Down?
A band from the year 2000? Yikes! Kinda scraping the barrel there aren't ya?
ONLY 2 hours of a concert with people we've never heard of?? Obama's concert went ALL DAY with AA+ entertainment!
you have the worst taste in music! SAD!!!
No, those pants don’t make you look fatter – how could they?
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
concert ?? Who performed ?? Oh that's right.. no one !! Celebrities hate you too
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
Your breath stinks so bad that it destroyed half the ozone layer.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't get my head that far up my ass
VideoGameTiger
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
I heard there were bunch of deplorables and talantless nobodies. Couldn't hire real talent.  SAD!
tremendous Bigly amount of acts. Three in total! Come on down.
Did you know they used to be called “Jumpolines” until your mum jumped on one?
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
