The first day at my job I doubled the company's income.

There, see? I can make up bullshit too.
you should ride the first one into battle
It's not like anything has actually changed in our nuclear arsenal since you took office ...other than a crazy man now has access to them.
Yawn, another day another lie or twelve......

I don't think slapping a #MAGA sticker on each missile constitutes real modernization of the arsenal. That's not really how #'s work
Fact checkers determined this was yet another Trump lie

#npr #cnn #wsj #HuffPostPol #nyt #WaPo #AP_Politics #foxnews #BBCnews #msnbc
You do realize that any use of your big dick, errr, the nuclear arsenal, will result in the end of the world? Not much use for "power" then,
dad

#@judge fan and kneel to Resistance lies


But like if we use nukes then someone else will and eventually everyone on earth will die, but yeah we're all happy that was your 1st order
Mike stop being as soft as a kitten.
We found the part of the brain that controls lying, it has eaten the other half of his brain!

That's a big lie Don, Obama began the modernization effort 2 months prior to your illegitimate presidency began.
You renovated and modernized our nuclear arsenal in 6 mo with no budget and no legislative authorization? Wow! Can I borrow your magic wand?
Everyone is saying you've done nothing to renovate or modernize the nuclear arsenal. #FAKENEWS #ChaosPresident #manbaby #UnfittoLead

You inherited it from President Obama. Stop taking credit for his work. #FakeAchiever #RemoveTrumpNow #25thAmendmentNow @VP
What the hell ru talking about? U have done NOTHING to modernize & renovate our nuclear arsenal. U need to go, not all of ur brain is there.
When does your impeachment process begin?
That is the question of the hour. #ImpeachTrumpNow #Dolt45 #NotMyBLOTUS
The only true statement you have ever made is: "we love the poorly educated", because those are your only supporters/believers.
You expect us to believe you "modernized and renovated our nuclear arsenal" in 6 months when you can't even get healthcare passed? Liar.
This is such a FLAT OUT LIE. You did not order this and it would NOT have been done in that timeframe. #alternativefacts #lyingtrumpy
Idiot
You lie again.
#trump boast once again not entirely true; #nuclear plan started under #Obama; arsenal getting smaller not larger.
Do you really expect us to believe that you overhauled thousands of nukes in 6 months? Do you think your King Midus? #TrumpTrolling
Donald Trump is like a big pumpkin, he is big orange and sometimes he tries to be scary!!#schönböse
That's delusional, man. You okay?
BS! Obama set up a 30 year plan. You signed an intent to study and haven't done crap!
Blatant lie or utter ignorance, you tell us which one.
You truly are the stupidest man alive if you think you did anything in 200 days to modernize atomic weapons.  Dementia.  SAD!
Tell us what was renovated
SO interested in how you did this???? Did you go and tell the security forces to make a even more bigly bomb?
Lie

I don't remember saying "nuke thy neighbor"
Sir Donald!! Time to move into the hemp industry. Mexico has trump toilet paper. But it's time for  trumphempire to win with hemp tp!!
Qué pinshi miedo
Is lying a personal requirement of yours?  You lie about everything, and millions of us notice.
we don't need stronger bombs, we need smarter students. So let's invest in them! #positivity #change
... and more insecure than ever before....Impeachment.....soon!
Lol, bullshit, yup 200 days and all sudden someone hit the east button and poff the new missiles show up, lol get real.
Even your voters aren't stupid enough to believe anything magically changed in 200 days.   #MAGA #RESIST #impeachtrump
Trump quickly renovated the entire nuclear arsenal in less than 6 month. Go going Scammy Businessman. Good going.
But.... you didn't do anything!
IMPEACH TRUMP
You haven't done anything while in office so far and you expect us to believe this shit? YOU'RE the puppet.
President Obama initiated this in March 2016. Approved $300B for modernization. 45 has nothing to do with it & is lying. AGAIN.
Fake news!
Thank you Mr President...
That was fast did they dust of the missles?  #trumpisafuckingmoron #heeldumbass
You disgust me more and more every single day!
Is there ANYTHING you will not lie about??????
You didn't do anything. Why lie about this?
You tell so many lies I am starting to wonder if Ivanka is really your daughter!
#alternativefacts
You haven't done shit in 7 months!
You are so lame. How can anybody be so bad at this?

Ummm categorically false: we can thank @BarackObama for his prep here. Have you listened to military brass debunk your absurd clsim? #lies
Please resign.
Bravo! Stronger, more powerful, & doubtless safer for those deploying.
You only need one nuclear bomb to cause millions of deaths. You need a psychiatric evaluation and medication, after you're impeached #Madman
Excellent statements today Boss! 
Mr. President, we the people of Venezuela appreciate your help.The sanctions to @NicolasMaduro and his regime must be tougher.@marcorubio
'..... The Defense Department’s web page for the Nuclear Posture Review describes it as "legislatively mandated."'
So what did you do, paint a flag on a missile? You alone will make President Obama the greatest President in our nation's history. #hahahaha
Yes, thanks to Obama & his predecessors that is the case. Or are you trying to say you managed to do this in the few months of presidency
This is just a blatant lie. I thought #trump vowed to "de-nuke" us? Even if it happened, it's a waste of your tax dollars. #dumptrump
Bullshit. What did u do? How is it stronger? U just tweet lies. I can't stand it. I have never had such little respect for the POTUS. Sad...
You modernized the nuclear arsenal in just six months?!  Please think before you speak, sir.
What about you & your friends' #Russia ties?
#Comey #Mueller #Manafort  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Oh and it takes way more than 180 days to actually implement any kind of upgrade. So any upgrade is attributable to Obama
Once again "that black guy" kicked your ass, as POTUS Obama started to modernize our nuclear weapons in 2014. You're an abject liar n fraud!
@RaConPreza 
Thanks for defending the west @realDonaldTrump and @TheFakeGallegos 
They showed him some edited highlights from Star Trek, and now he believes the USA has a space based phaser defense system.
Mr. Trump,  I think you are doing a GREAT job as president.  Keep up the good work. You have done nothing wrong. Love to your wife.
This is fake news. Please stop the pathological lying. You're making us a laughing stock in the eyes of the world.
Time to bring jobs to USA 
Hemp
Hempire 
Trump hempire
How's the White House renovation going, though?  I hear it's been a real pisser?
Details...just exactly how has the nuclear arsenal changed in the last seven months? Not enough time for anything to have changed. No lies!
Back to the cold war days of the 1960's to 1980's. You must be so proud.
Liar, Obama initiated and it is decades from being done. You are a pathetic man. No a pathetic child.
Shame on you. Lie
Jajajajajajaja
Riding Obama's coat tails - again.
John 8: Ye are of your father, The Devil. You're a lying son of satan. You were hacked into position & demons cheer you on. You're a traitor
Why do you have to tell these lies? They show how weak your self-image is, that you have to self-stroke your own ego to feel good. Grow up!
You can thank President Obama for that, it's the same as when he was Preisdent.#RealNews
Down right lie
If there's one person who needs to watch the documentary Fog of War, it's you. God help us.
Liar
.@realDonaldTrump I'm calling lying bullshit. Show us the time-stamped order you issued about that back in January.
#LiarInChief
Oh?  Do tell.  What exactly did you do?  Especially the "far stronger" bit. How strong was it before you took office, how strong is it now?
Rick you can always cheer me up!
We all could use a little cheering up right now Stephanie.
You also secured the Louisiana Purchase AND wrote the Constitution during that time.  AWESOME!
I love your sarcasm. It makes me feel not alone. I enjoy your tweets!
:) Thank you!
PS: YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING. THIS IS JUST ANOTHER LIE. THE MILITARY HAS ALREADY CALLED YOU OUT ON THIS! SO WHY DON'T YOU CLOSE YOUR PIE HOLE?
Exactly what did you do? Outsource it to the Russians?
Donald Trump I have a question for you when are you gonna build your "wall" or was that just a figure of speech?
WE LOVE DJT POTUS. I LOVE U AS OUR GREATEST PRESIDENT WE KNEW  U WOULD BE.LEAD US AND MAKE THIS COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN THANKS. LOYAL BML M.D.
Trump must go, impeach the FAKE TAN BOY! REAL LOSER #ImpeachTrump
After 5 months ? LOL
You renovated nothing lying Dump
You are a very sad, incapable joke and a huge threat to our nation.
No it was not. Id10t
God save the queen from the orange tangerine
we need to keep building our military
@cadigirl13 
HE LIED AGAIN THERE HAS BEEN NOT ONE SINGLE CHANGE UNDER HIM..
Oh bull. Your a child who wants to play army. May we all survive the next 3 1/2 years because that's all your going to get. Lowest ratings..
@realDonaldTrump please use wisdom  to build solutions ..it is certainly difficult but it is your duty as President. War is never a solution
better be powerful and nuclear towards your wife, and not compensate #makeSexNoWars
Bomb labs can't even Engr new drawings in 205 days - why don't you smell what you shoveling?
You really have no idea how anything works do you? You are an embarrassment and a threat to American security and safety.
When in FACT nothing has changed. Put your dick back in your pants and STOP THE LIES! #FakeNews #ImpeachTrumpNow
More smoke and mirrors from The Buffoon in Chief @realDonaldTrump Nothing has changed.
Great, now let's dismantle it.
You haven't done a damn thing. Only your fool followers think you have.
I am 100% behind your decisions.  Go #team Trump.  I am proud to call you my President
I am so thankful you are building up our military strength!  It has declined greatly in pass years.  I am proud you are our President.
Something else to do. Deport George Soros he is a foreigner and doing his best to bring our country down
That's the last thing you should have your hands in you nut job.
Wohin ist Satellit abgestürzt?
We keep the peace by preparing for war.
Schmuck, take a Viagra instead of pumping-up dangerous rhetoric to get erect
Impressive you did that in 6 months.  Since that is done can we get those same people invent the flux capacitor.
Endless lies.
Jail Hillary stop chemtrails end the fed give us all our fed trust money you know it's there
Military power is all some respect! Always be the most heavily armed and capable! We have the technology use it! Disarmament for the enemys!
Уважаемый Дональд Трамп , вы самая мощная страна в мире! Пожалуйста пожалейте Северную Корею им и так нилегко приходится!!! Пожалуйста...
and U did that in 200 days? Aren't u stretching that truth a bit? LOL! Geez Don, dude! The jig is up! Resign loser.
Literally,u had nothing 2 do with this Verifiable bigly The ease of which u lie is astounding!The day u leave N handcuffs will b a great day
What absolute codswallop. You just can't help yourself can you?  #Compulsiveliar
No it was not. You're straight lying. This time you're putting your ego over the safety of the entire human race. #impeach
@realDonaldTrump I'm sure all the extra Viagra you gave it helped! Hope your doc refills your script!
Well done Sir, I must congratulate you for your grand efforts of disarmament and nuclear proliferation.
Once again,liar,liar, pants on fire! You can't seem to say anything without lying. Obviously your parents did not raise you well. SMH
No one (with a brain) believes your bullshit.
no it wasn't you orange tinged baffoon
Another lie!
Thank you Mr. President, I sure am glad we won! MAGA! I'm with you.
Oh, you overhauled our entire nuclear arsenal in under 200 days??  Lying ass!
Ummm...nope, your 1st order was to gut ethics. 
Now you're trying to take credit for something Obama already ordered....again! 
Such an ass!
How could you THANK Putin for expelling 755 AMERICANS from our embassy in Moscow? Why can't you be a President for US????
We stopped being that the day your Russian handlers stole the election.
Keep this in mind while threatening NK..
@Kevin_FTW Thank you Sir! God put you in this position for all of us.
Renovate...
Like you tweet mr president we need to be strong again we were weak now we're prepared imagine all you have done thank you  bless our nation
When will you come out with the how you have done anything? NOT! Hmmm you would need a brain to be that creative in your lies!
You can't modernize a #nuclear arsenal in 200 days you compulsive liar. #northkorea #resist
Wanna bet? Upgrades in inventory...simple swap of components!
Wow, you know nothing about nuclear weapons and technology
Perhaps you should stick to poker? You suck at twitter! #caring
It's always about you!! This time you were right! But should be "&" not "or". Step away from the button! PS Mueller is still working.
Are you writing about yourself? Honesty at last!

Good one
The hypocrite in chief makes it easy.
You're lying.
"Hello! I don't have much to say but i think it would be good to have some holy santos back to the high school. To guard the hallway and to bring us good luck. El santo niño de atocha is a good one.  And if you vote for me, all of your wildest dreams will come true". Pedro 2020!
Big Whup!  So is everybody else's.  Notice how the North Koreans have no shoes because their leader needs to spend money on shiny new nuke toys so he can feel superior given his weak little ego.  Are you saying you want to be just like him?
Mr. @POTUS, are you aware that #Hawaii is surrounded by lots and lots of water. Not a lot of people know that.
Nice job! Good lie! #Hawaii #MissileDefense #falsealarm
legal
Lol
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful ...
Shame on you! My father and other WWII vets worked so hard to reduce the threat of nuclear war with the USSR. They were smart.
You don't even know what the triad is you moron
Somehow I'm finding that statement hard to believe
OK, but Obama had ALREADY bordered it
You’re a fucking liar @potus @realDonaldTrump for this one. The “arsenal” has not changed since you took office. #fakenews #potuscaughtinlie
So, if not tenfold..how many fold? 5? 20? 1000?
Fuck
Ducks are in good luck
