#ThanksObama!
Keep up the good work!
Just for rich people though, right? Wouldn't want those poor people to catch a break right?
Thanks, Obama!!
Keep pushing, Mr. President.
I received a tax cut bonus....nice.  but now please fix the so called "supplemental tax" that takes off the top 22%, then all the insurance comes out and so on.  It was a nice idea to get a bonus but the amount I actually receive is very small.
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on...
Don't like it, Go to Mexico, the Middle east europe.. You don't have to put up with all this progress... LEAVE
SORRY YOU HAVE TO PUT UP WITH THE INSANE LIBERALS AND THE MEDIA LIES,TRUE AMERICA IS SEEING THROUGH IT!IT IS A SAD THING TO BEHOLD,THE LEFT.
We believe in you
I seen 5 police within the last 7 minutes. I've only been gone from home 10.... #Police #intimidation #BlackLivesMatters
working hard? On a 17 day golf holiday after only 6 months? Having golfed on average over 1 day a week. Kelly is working. U r not.
Hmmm.  How many days did Obama spend in Hawaii and Martha's Vineyard?
Seriously? Jackass has contradicted every tweet he made about Pres Obama. He golfs ALL THE TIME. Could he even hug a vicrim of Harvey? Nope
UNFORTUNATELY 4 YOU MR PRESIDENT, "confidence" in YOU @ "all-time" LOWS!!!(August 4, 2017; 6:26 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
ok "consumer confidence" is @ all-time high (NO EMPHASIS) (August 4, 2017; 6:26 EDT) #economy
resign now. It's what America and the rest of the world want.
You are a joke Trump, the world is laughing at you 
Keep up the good work PRESIDENT TRUMP.
I'm "busting" a nut on your mum
Need hard work on college reform and legal assistance to fight colleges that expel students w/o cause. @finkd @POTUS @usedgov @DebtCrisisOrg
Way to go mister Presdent
If I was a policeman in my commander told me to stand down on a special group I would arrest my commanding officer
I am embarrassed to be an American because you don't have the guts to call these ppl out. Y can your daughter do it and you can't
U need to handle the situation in Charlottesville. Ur daughter can say the words yet U can't. Grow a set and say the names Mr. "President"
Idiot USA.
Thank you! Americans are grateful!
We need to get economy going, get rid of Obama care for God's sake what is going on with this country!
Why do my tweets never get through in support of Donald Trump?
U working HARD are u kidding us u are at your golf clubs at taxpayer expense all the time u critized Obama which was WRONG u are the problem
&good @@
#@nice
Tax cuts for who?   The 1%!   Spare me.
Working hard at Fucking over the American people
NO IT ISNT!
Working hard at building your ego!
There you go with your fake news again. Prove it.
You don't work hard at anything.  More fake newz
I am glad Obama go the ball rolling.....
Mr. President trump don't give up.  There are so many low lives in our country that don't want change they need to leave.
Stop north Korea and who ever is on there side. They are not our friends. Check what they are putting in there bombs.
No one should knock us we are the u.s.a. not even our own people I love the u.s.a. and Mr president you are doing a great job.

.@realDonaldTrump just now: "We pay more taxes than anybody in the world." http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/may/08/donald-trump/donald-trump-us-not-highest-taxed-nation-in-world/ … 
Keep doing what your doing. Proud to say I voted for you.
#FU
2 Then Trump said, “Take your son, your only son, whom you love—Harlan—and go to the region of West Virginia.
Sacrifice him there as a burnt offering on a mountain I will show you, and I will cut the capital gains tax by 2%".
Dale was confused by this request. "Is Congress behind this too?" he asked. 

9 When they reached the place Trump had told him about,
Dale built an altar there and arranged the wood on it. He bound his son Harlan and laid him on the altar, on top of the wood.
10 Then he reached out his hand and took the knife to slay his son
11 But the angel of the Lord called out to him from heaven, “Dale! Dale!”
“Here I am,” he replied.

12 “Do not lay a hand on the boy,” he said. “Do not do anything to him.
Now I know that you fear Trump, because you have not withheld from me your son, your only son.”
13 Dale plunged the knife in to Harlan and said "A capital gains cut will come in real handy after I win the lotto. Better safe than sorry."
Keep it coming!!!
Yah but north Korea is jealous of our economy  getting better. They want to knock us down.
Job well done, President Obama. Six months after your gone we're still winning because of you. Thank you, Obama.
I doubt you're working hard.
All the more reason for you not to be starting world war three with North Korea then ?
Lying about things does not make them true.  Only in your feeble mind is that the case.  RESIGN.
Get rid of the CFPB!
No, it's because we know Mueller is getting closer.
The American people want some regulations.

They're stocking up for a Nuclear Winter
You seem to be confused about corporate confidence and consumer confidence.  Keep raising interest rates and you will soon feel the pain.
Y
Thanks Obama!  He did an awesome job.  Now you are going to "reform" and stick it us and pad your own pocket.  You suck!
Will believe it when we see it.  And the rich get richer.
Or maybe just that you think the world is going to be incinerated next week so you're buying all that stuff you've always wanted.
#ThanksObama
Just the immigration stance alone is bringing in jobs. Obama was putting us all on welfare. Look at the facts you dem trolls smh
Yes thank you so much. An these #traitors like McCain will get thiers back ten fold in karma. #MAGA
Uztw
Removing regulations gives companies the ability to cut corners and screw the American people with on consequences!
No it isn't! Stop telling fairy tales
Thank you DJT!
Wrong
Just Do It! Tax Cuts Now retro Jan 1 2017
Yeah, we need more coal mines on public lands, lower taxes on corporate American & the rich. & love the idea of dirtier air & water.
YOu haven't even STARTED ON Tax REFORM....you can't even do CUTS let alone REFORM> it's too HARD for you, you need a break. Go GOLF-eat cake
Liar.
Your delusional, we are getting poorer!
The problem is the swamp is a bunch of REPUBLICRATS!!!! Their all in on things together and only worried about their own pocketbooks!!!!!!
You need to stop the juvenile rhetoric and not jump into a war with North Korea.  Boys.
Mr President, I live in SC what can I do to get the state to turn over Voter's List? Looks fishy when they won't provide it to you.
Tax cuts for the Rich???
McConnell ! Excessive Expectations! That's why Trump was elected! Out with McConnell! Kick his ass down the street!
Such week, spineless REPUBLICANS!  NO BALLS!  No stomach to stand up for the voters!
How you working? You on vacation
Looking forward
Regulations that protect people from profit-seeking scoundrels are good.  Be careful what regulations you end.
Keep up the great work..us normal people are grateful..we need that tax cut ,taxes are killing us
For the rich, nothing Trump is doing benefits the Americans already struggling. Don't be blind West Virginians, hes treating you like sheep.
Well done sir we are so very proud of you
Dear Sir; Awaiting  tax cuts. I hope you razz n jazz a new tax code such as Natl Lottery, 2% Natl Sales Tax, and 5% Flat SalaryTax.  my DON
Funny how you see no Tweets supporting Trump in the replies - hmmm...
I consider this fake news
Freeing up our economy to work as it should, free market is back, hurray !!! @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS #LockHerUp
I think it's all that toilet paper with your face on it that's boosting consumerism
What planet are we speaking of Mr President.
Let's see? Major tax legislation proposed along with the #s behind it? NOPE! De-regulation legislation? NOPE! Consumer confidence began w/O!
Im hoping the middle class will see tax cuts, it would help..
Eco. Growing good. HC still needs to be fixed and tax cuts for sure on middle class
You realize you not only ruining the country but heading for the worst recession right?
looking positive but small business truckers do not need the Electronic Logging Device mandate scheduled for December
BECAUSE SCUMBAGS FEEL EMBOLDENED WITH YOU IN OFFICE
Thanks Mr President !
Ah yes, tax cuts for all your ultra rich friends.  And that helps us how??!!
Yaaawwwwn 
Strange that's happening when your dollar is going down.
#low
H
Destroying America one bust at a time.
The recent highs in the stock market are due to Trump.
Careful! We're in a payed troll zone!
Thanks, Obama!
Wow
Impeach Trump
Funny, i'm also on a 16 year high!
Or its because people think you signal the end of the world and they are simply stocking up.
Obama's fiscal year ends Sept 30th
Trump, your approval rating is a all time low...now that is what really counts...loser.  Go find another BOT to retweet
Results of 8 years of a real PRESIDENT.  You're just 45.
Almost as long as Obamacare was around, right? ;)
Say thanks Obama
Resign
I'm sure those will go just as well as your healthcare bill.
Lies. Consumer confidence has dropped, and will continue.
Christmas will be terrible. No cars are being sold; ppl are too worried.
How's that approval rating doing? #70yrLOW #FakePresident #resist #impeach
More Fake News.
Consumer confidence rose continuously under Obama  -- according to the Consumer Confidence Index released by The Conference Board.
YOU'RE SO OUT OF TOUCH YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT YOU DON'T KNOW!!!
Thanks Obama!
You mean tax cuts for your weather friends! The rest of us can forget about it.
Working hard on tax cuts and reform how about your own tax return and the cuts and reform you've done to them
Who are the tax cuts for?
Yeah who needs clean air and water?
More regulation busting! BRING ON THE TAX CUT CONGRESS! AMERICANS PAY TOO MUCH IN TAXES!
not won bought by  and you are owned by Putin
Yeah but you can't take any credit for that cause you've done nothing..
Regulations to help put more profit into corporate hands and at the cost of peoples lives.  Thats fascism at its finest.
We got a lot of can't fix stupid on this page
Cut taxes!
#CuckooTrump riding on the coattails of #Obama era gains. Taking credit for something he has not done..like the nest-stealing #cuckoo bird!
Consumer confidence is driven by families' disposable income and intention to buy, not deregulation. Please learn how this stuff works
Well work harder, and make sure you do TAX CUTS for the MIDDLE CLASS, not just you MILLIONAIRE CRONIES!
I want the LEAKERs to go to jail  - ALL OF THEM
NO EXCEPTIONS

Dont let them off like you let off HILLARY from the start
滚犊子
Thank you for keeping the main thing the main thing.
an ellipsis indicates an omission or suppression of letters or words. Three periods are sufficient, such as ... 
yes, yes and YES! Pls do something if you can about savings interest too. ppl have no incentive to save currently. Rates in toilet.
will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal
caused by Bush.  Don't go taking credit for things you had no part in.
ylan
You're the only one not working hard. Quit golfing, you slacker!
You are working hard at NOTHING except trying to cover your ass.... And golfing. You're a failure and an international joke.
You think the reason is YOU?! #EVERYONEisLAUGHINGatYOU
Where do you get this from Sputnik? Thanks to you tourism is down 20% to the U.S. & falling. A hit to a major industry!
President Approval high in the heartland. None of us care about what coastal cities or the MSM think.

Why would consumers- who continue to fall behind the cost of living- be confident? Because they have a job at McDonalds?
