perhaps Fukushima was planned to take care of you wonderful people in California
What does that L mean?
L? Looser?!
Resign you #BAWBAG
.@realDonaldTrump i'm sure he is happy to be half a world away from you!
well shit. Pack it up guys, gig's over. Roland is sure the Japanese PM doesn't like Trump!
Can't wait for the sun to come out. Melt the snowfakes

You guys look like you had a blast! Another new friend! Great stuff! So proud of you @POTUS . Thanks for a working weekend!
L for 
please remind  Steve to also take his medication
I bet he is relieved to be far away from your orange ass.
M N O P ? Running away from you is more it  #terriblepresident #embarassment #tinyhands #fakenews #RESISTANCE

you work for Putin
GOOD JOB Mr.President your the best president we ever had
did you finally give him his hand back?
I am disgusted and appalled by your bizarre behavior. Release your taxes. Show the world just how compromised you are.
L like *lol* Big D.?
what's with the "L"? Sounds like somebody took an L.
Thank you, President Trump, for your warm hospitality!
Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe:  #Trump #Abe
did you sell him a membership to your golf club?
Yes, who doesn't want tiny hands,tinier brain,a wife that loathes you and be universally mocked
How do I know what is #FakeNews anymore, Don?
just turn on CNN!
Bet you're itching to post something pathetic about Nordstrom.
with a broken hand. Real classy
aww! Wish he could stay longer.
Abe, out.
you stole my tweet!! I was thinking the same thing. :) well played sir
The world is laughing at how you shook his hand for minutes and when you let go, he made a "can you believe this?" face.
What's withe the 'L' ? Love?
L is for LOSER.
Well he won't be a target for attacks like the judges you blasted & Meryl Streep whom you attacked. Approval rating so low
No he's running back to japan, he probably didn't want to waste any time and swam back.
So #45 how is all these vacations going?, at this rate you have been on the golf course more often than in the oval office
Hey #45 remember all those times you criticised obama for that?.. ooooh! good times
someone was kind enough to post to nudge his failing memory!
I feel safer when he's playing golf, let the man golf!!

you are the real loser
he was so enthused.
PM and Mrs.Abe early morning departure similar to a walk of shame after an embarrassing drunken sleep over. 
@AbeShinzo The President and the Prime Minister, thank you for signing my cap! #Trumpinternational #palmbeach #NOBORDER
What the (L) stands for?
@realDonaldTrump
I think he just called the Japanese PM a loser. Interesting move, diplomacy wise.
haha "BTW Loser" while the pm is flying back to Japan
#NoBanNoWall
"so called judge?" #SundayMorning
#SundayMorning #NoBanNoWall #TheResistance
Popular vote LOSER. #SundayMorning #NoBanNoWall #TheResistance
#SundayMorning #NoBanNoWall #TheResistance
#SundayMorning #NoBanNoWall #TheResistance
#SundayMorning #NoBanNoWall #TheResistance THIS is why we still talk about the popular vote. Because it drives him NUTS.
Pls stop bringing negative attention to yourself. It's time to move away from this type of forum. Nation needs help
U really good timer your Excellency if I were u I could have find time for twittering, u re doing great keep it up! UU...
After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L...
reading all these insults in a row is pretty awesome 
"pendejo" (in Mexican Spanish) is good. Also, "caralho" (in Portuguese). 
keep up the good work for the American people. Don't let these hysterical hypocrites get you down!
Glad to get away from your fake BS.
Did showing off your palace make you feel better ?
Your insecurities are showing up regularly as an unwanted guest.
No new tariffs, no addt'l funds for US protection. Art of the deal goes to Abe. Nice.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/02/12/politics/trump-christopher-ruddy-reince-priebus-cnntv/index.html?client=ms-android-boost-us …
he must be so relieved #awkwardhandshake
you are a no-go-president!
EVERYTHING YOU SAY IS DESTRUCTIVE!! EVERYTHING!!
u have 0 idea of what happened. He rode u & put u away wet
His visit to the USA is very much appreciated as is our Stronger Alliance with Japan. Great work Mr. President & First Lady
remember when you used Abe's visit to make money for yourself? That was fun
WAY TO GO... #MAGA
Bet he's glade to be rid of you!
@nepafortrump I'd much rather the Japanese than the brutal Chinese!
I'm sure you knocked his socks off.
I'm sure the first thing he'll do is wash the hand you molested.
So, North Korea has nukes. Japan has a problem with that. Maybe they would in fact be better off if they defend themselves
I bet he couldn't wait to leave.
I'm assuming if they were productive talks, Abe talked and you listened and nodded.
Is his hand intact?
Outdoor dining and taking security calls about North Korean firing a missle,  not too swift in front of civilian guests.
probably couldn't flee fast enough!
Mr. President the antichrist is the only one making peace between the Arabs and Israel for 7 yr Israel needs our support.
100% behind him.
how do you know they were productive? You weren't even wearing a translator when you were nodding your head 
And thinking - whow what a big ass the Americans elected!
R-R-R-ROOOASTED
who's L ?

Abe thinks you are nuts.
Looked like Mrs. Abe diddn't need your wife as an escort.
he ran!
Good Lord! Did you crush his hand?
YOU ROCK!!! 
Probably can't wait.
#priorities 
He seems to think he can run the country by playing golf and tweeting!
He's causing upheaval around the world. But he underestimates the American people-most won't be fooled for long.
It took that long for you to tell him to get his own nuclear arsenal? Use the translators!
@kohyu1952 
家の安倍総理を歓迎してくれてありがとう
これからも宜しくお願いします
He's probably laughing all the way back.  How do you say "What a tool!" In Japanese?
Did you give him his hand back?
Having a great laugh about you. How do you say crazy in Japanese.
Hi,President!You shoud say him,"You are fire!!!"If you don't act it,
you will regard as facist...Because Abe is facist.
obama had red curtains the next day u put gold curtains you always have to say something about obama all your group is
donald you hate Obama so much that u blame him alot your taking down obama care the trangender bathroom he had red curtain
@JapanGov @japan SLAUGHTERERS of Whales and Dolphins, more brutto than China's Dog Meat Festival,Yulin LIVE-DOG COOKINGS
Take the L.
how many times did you pronounce it AY-buh (like Lincoln) before he corrected you?
but you kept his hand right?
cause he wanted his hand back...dude while you're learning the constitution learn how to properly shake hands
The USA must take VERY PUBLIC PRACTICAL STEPS TO REINFORCE OUR ALLIES WHO SHARE OUR REAL VALUES!
@Veteran4Trump Proud of your accomplishments.
YOU did it Great. Congratulations !!
America are shamed and embarrassed of you. Resign or be impeached. You are unqualified. Worst RATINGS AND PRESIDENT.
Remember the outrage @ HRC's private server? Imagine if she conducted military ops or natl security alerts in public? Shit
productive indeed!
You don't represent me.
you sure ICE didn't deport him?
But did you understand what he said? We noticed you didn't have your earpiece in.
why should we believe anything you tweet, one of your cronies tried the voter fraud fart at #georgestephanopoulos, very sad
any of those talks NOT about your family business? #corrupt #illegitimatepresident
少跟我逼次两脸
On behalf of SANE AMERICANS, I hope the Prime Minister & his wife will accept our apologies for having to put up with them.
Good move playing golf with solid results in mind instead just playing with friends as Obama did
did you discuss the best way to build internment camps? Oh wait we have a "precedent" for that...
You misspelled a word on your Inauguration Print, huh? No surprise since you can't read much. 4th grade level, right?
安倍総理とのゴルフ楽しそうでしたね
見てて、仲の良さが伝わりました
did he ever let go of that poor guys hand?
And heading back as fast as he can!
I bet he cannot wait to get home!
Lとはなんだ？
Good, proud you're my president.
I believe you had important time with Abe. So I hope you believe japan as No 1.
put the twitter down before your typos start a war #losertrump #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance #eyeroll
Longest days of his political life!#ResistTrump #resistfromday1 #SNL #
I BET HE COULDN'T GET AWAY FROM YOU FAST ENOUGH! You have embarrassed us with everyone of your fake meetings. Not a clue.
Good work done Mr president, keep it up, and may the Almighty God be with you.
glad to see you finally learned his name after two days
Sounds like the meeting went well Mr. President.  Keep up the good work!  #MAGA
Great job!!
PRODUCTIVE TALKS?You had a crisis IN FRONT and WITHIN EAR'S Shot of Mar-A-Largo guests (UNVETTED GUESTS).SECURITY VIOLATION
Thank you Mr. Pre. For best hospitalizing Jp Pr. min S. Abe. Hope Jp & US can make a good friendship for world peace.
L
Thank for your good work sir!
Looks like there's no shortage of trolls in the nation. #cantsaysomethingnice
glad to hear business is going well 4 u as a federal employee!
How many times did PM from Japan roll his eyes at you?
what a handshake!
DiD to ask about #fukushima and what #tEPCO NOT HAVE DONE ? #TRUMP @TeamTrump @CNN
Did you put his shoulder back in its socket first? They may not like it if you keep it.
Peace and security and Brgrdvnyd Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi time. Not to the mullahs, not terrorists
What was his handicap? Who won the game?
he's gonna pay for free trade as you mentioned on Oprah Winfrey 20 years ago?
Nicely done! Hope he understands the big picture better now 
I'm sure he's happy to get away from insanity.
hold this l
happy that he doesn't have to hold your cold clammy little hand  yuck 
L
Lucky for him. I thought you'd send him to Guantanamo because he didn't have a work visa.
u mean u finally let go of his hand
