
Border tax on ties, clothes and shoes from China!
LAUGH OUT LOUD
So either way, have your people pay more?
So you are going to increase the price of all imported products. Thanks, you really are a genius. #DotardTrump
And Tesla is going to China. Is this the winning you promised your faithful?
The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises. For those who RIF you cant force anybody to pay taxes
When are Ivanka’s companies returning to US?
So, prez's economic development plan is bullying companies to stay in US?

Won't  work. And gov't intervening in private markets?! 
They ALREADY build Corollas in the US. And Camrys, and Tundras and Tacomas, and engines. Something like 6 or 7 plants in the US. Not bad for a Japanese carmaker. How many plants does Ford have in Japan? Chrysler?
way.
Dear Trump 
When you close your Towers overseas & build them here
When Trumps produce their products in America not overseas
We'll Talk
Talk about an empty barrel.
Where do you make your big boy clothes? Oh and the girls shoes? So how about lead by example
It’s spelled “boarder”. Duh. #dotard
Testa building a plant in  Shanghai. So much winning. #moron
Sure, buddy.


Yes. 
Border tax will hurt U.S. consumers, not Toyota.
Your language is bullying, not very presidential.
Please think before you react. I want you to succeed but your actions have me very disappointed in America.
Consumers 1st! Border tax will be paid for by American consumers. Bad idea.
And yet his base remains clueless. If 45 taxes goods crossing the border, we all pay.
Really?  GET!  Toyota and Uniqlo.  Made in the USA or go home.
Tariffs hurt not help the US economy!
The u.s under Trump is going to suffer.Trump himself will get richer...Big time richer. Let's hope next one will jail him 4
We see all and so does the world..
good for them ! Because of you the USA stinks of greed and corruption now so who can blame them.
@MacaoChina defector 24k macau luv trump
Do you think that they really do that  noooooooooooooo
are you going to start having your Trump brand clothing made here or will you pay the penalty and continue to outsource?
please let someone at your office check this sentence and you brain. I think you missed a thing or two.
do you will run again in 4 more years
is not "baja" you springbreaker..
Smart!

They are building Corollas 10 min from my house in Canada already and shipping them to USA. I helped prep hundreds of them.
كل زق
thanks for not being like all the moronic pundits and politicians. America loves and supports you. Too many TV brainwashed!
you mean U.S. Taxpayers?
they must think you play
go trump your making America great agin
Yeah, just keep supporting the pollution of our air and water!
wonder why
Toyota already refusing your insanity. Is this how an administrator does business? Your deals are rotten, have always been.
@toyota Guess what car I drive, Toyota Prius C.  Love it!  Bring it on.
you keep moving forward  illegals have to go
US cars made outside of Japan are not charged border tax here but you already charged our car 2.5%. U r too huge for our parking/road anyway
Completely agreed, also American should buy only cars made in america. Following the first rule, buy an american product.
Mexico, Mexico go on
I have faith in you and I know you will make America great again. Please keep all your promises a
TOYOTA GAZOO Racing WRC team?
when are you going to mention Canada. Canada is part of NAFTA. You are focusing on Mexico because you got it in for Mexico.
発言に責任持ってください。日本車が優れているからといって難癖つけないでください。とミサカ19999号は忠告します。
(　^＿ ^) 　 
　 　￥彡☆))＄д ＄)
LOL
@organic2016 Yeah @Toyota  build a plant near an Indian Reservation so they can get jobs.
yes please Mr President we are here counting on you to help make this country great again ... it starts with all Americans
ここはTwitterです。
TOYOTAとあなたのやり取りをする場ではありません。
Twitterはつぶやくところです。
Twitterでつぶやくのではなく相手ときちんと話すべきでしょう。
違いますか？
@alsalmi_alharbi
This applies to you and your daughter too...right?
Right On! Why should a Co outside US be able to avoid US employers paying US taxes which are substantial!!!!!°
PLEASE read this... praying for people's eyes to be opened to accept YOU!!!
And millions of us care and support you!!
PRAYING for you. Your safety !! Angels to protect you!!! God give you safety, peace!!!
really sad,but loves going with the flow of pee pee & bullshit
and @BMW is joining them !!!
MAKES SENSE TO ME.  KEEP TALKING TO US DONALD SO WE REALLY KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON.
its a good idea mr president keep it up. why investing outside?
@Trump4Hope Amen!!
what about your own family doing their productions in China ?
vete a la mierda pinche ogt
Well done Mr. Trump. Hope Europe will also stop with the bullshit and show some balls.... Greetings from the Netherlands
Youre name and profilepicture is being used by @@DTParody11. To avoid miscommunication I advise to take some action to it....
thsys why we voted for keep up the good fight dont trust the cia learn from jfk God bless
must be a something that Toyota wants to build a plant elsewhere. Sad.
Baja California, pendeja
é isso aí @realDonaldTrump 
não dá arrego pra estes mercenarios
e o povo norte-americano saberá BOICOTAR os traidores da pátria
@bielarj33
they need to stay here!
Let's not forget that the land west of the Mississipi is part of the USA.  Folks out here need jobs too.
Americans prepare to drive just F-150 or pay big #taxes who's going to pay those taxes?  Americans Mr #trump LOL
a Japanese motor company can't build a factory in Mexico? Sure hope you didn't post that from your Made in China iPhone SAD
Better yet,build them in Mexico to sell to Canada & other countries.Screw thisTrump"Mexico border tax'' Ship cars by boat.
Take wallmart too, here in Mexico we will not buy them anymore...
we do not need their cars. #boycottToyota
@rockynickydog AMEN 
YES FOR SURE
Great idea. Big border taxes will increase prices for the Americans. I assume, they'll love it ;-)
It's a must.
/ YES !
Most of the accounts defending Trumps tweets are BOTs. A lot from Russia. Don't waste your time arguing unintelligent quips
why not?
hahaha .....   Will US workers accept the hungry Toyota salaries?
great idea...the cost will just be passed onto the consumer
Americans will boycott Toyota.if that happens.
@ZacharyZermay get the jobs Donald!
you guys stole half of Mexico, Cagaleche
you were quoted in an article by @voxdotcom
and then what? They pass those costs on to the consumers??? #Menso #NotMyPresident
All pictures of ISIS have Toyota trucks as main transport - HOW DID THEY GET THEM? From Toyota!
Plz find way to stop service jobs being outsourced, too! Transcription jobs, call centers, etc!!
I’d give you a nasty look but you’ve already got one.
If its not made by Americans tax the hell out of it
Can't you think of more positive ways to sell America. How about selling How Great American is?
get them!
llevate lo que quieras, todo lo que te lleves se queda en este mundo, el cual no te pertenece
You’re such a beautiful, intelligent, wonderful person. Oh I’m sorry, I thought we were having a lying competition.
No idea on basic economics. Corolla's are sold all over the world. Not just USA. Toyota would be priced out of the market
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
No problem Donnie, All mexicans will buy toyota only. Boycott ford and american cars.
The $80 Billion dollar trade imbalance in Mexico's favor is fair to the U.S.? #NoMoreFreeRides
Coming soon! War with China. No experience necessary. No tact, no diplomacy, no idea what the hell he's doing.
The Dumpster threatens a Japanese company. Move it all to Mexico and tack on the extra fee to the costs of the product.
WTG! America STRONG!
Perhaps you can give them some land on the Mar-A-Lago estate and on Rex's ranch to build a new Toyota plant.
@ssesyunina нихуя он загнул
Toyotais in big trouble with the law, i think they will lose billions of dollars in fines and penalty's, also jail time. TG
@ElChap0Guzman ya dale un levantón ue, paro.
.. Which is the reason for his hatred?
This is not good. If incrase tax, the final price will incrase to customers
Hey @realDonaldTrump @KattyKayBBC concern yourself with your goofy Great Wall, and leave buying cars to us. There's not going to be any tax.
thats why i will buy a toyota not a ford or fiat!!
let stop  the people  who  in the white house,  time  to  leave,  u been,  there to long
Nabisco needs to come back if it doesn't come back to Illinois come back to Wisconsin There's no jobs up here
they  should  stay  here, all jobs,  look, at are town,  are roads,  look  how  American  are poor, because no job
they should , stay in USA,  look how many jobs have left this country and went like Nabisco
@miguelsantos12 di que sí Donald!!! La que vas a liar jajaja

Or Toyota BUILD that wall!
and pay higher price for car why you trying to hurt the little people
what could ya'll tell me about this
Bring your companies operations and manufacturing home to the USA
That's called racketeering. Lucky Luciano would be proud
安倍晋三とプーチンと3人で仲良くね (ハート)
Great. Start a trade war and destroy the US economy. You KNOW 88% of job loss has been from from tobots, not exoorted jobs.
@RealBeardedMen  I think you need to double your meds  t-Rump
why cars and not Veterans
@CrazyboutMagic another paid trump troll. Tired of blocking today. But what the hell. BLOCKED.
dear Donald trump, just wanted to leave you this 
. @Abeshinzo せっかく英語すぴーちまでやったんだからさ、“ちょトランプ、その軽い一言でニッポンのテレビ騒いでるから、島国騒いでるから”ってリプしたげて～＞ @realDonaldTrump
buy USA, check production location before you buy!
You really want a fight DONALD TRUMP!!
Toyota new plant gives work to many people.
When there can work in Mexico, emigrant don't come.
Wall isn't necessary.
Surely this time the whip will come down, we the people love it! Tired of losing jobs that pay well, with UAW union benes.>
blah blah blah
We-Japanese-are not your enemy but your friends #JPN
Isn't your clothing line made inChina? Does this 35% border tax pertain to you as well? Hyprocrisy at it's finest
pinche racista que solo está chingue y chingue con pendejadas
so this is what you do, they work with you or you just mess with them #ChildsPlay, who's making the nazi Germany?
crony capitalism. We have a free market and you cannot just destroy it.
What about Volkswagen? Please reply privately :-)
its not bad to have mexico as a tie just like russia if mexico is bad than so is russia
Uh....I'm not exactly an expert but I don't THINK you're the king of Mexico
Fighting a country like Mexico is easy! Let's see if you have the balls to fight the extreme trade deficit with Germany. 
robber？
no，president
Toyota has one of the largest distributors in the US. Did Ford pay you to tweet that tweet about them?
XD who would buy fuckin corolla? XD corolla and prius are shits, no matter where are they made
Tariff. It's called a tariff. You're welcome.
so when r u bringing your plants back from Mexico? Will u pay big border tax?
Go @Toyota @ToyotaMotorCorp Americans don't appreciate jobs and demand too much money unlike other countries..
When are the Trump clothing lines coming back & going to be made here in USA?
you have to much on your plate . Trust me you are going to hurt . You talk about 8 yrs . You not even making 1 yr .
you are not going to have a good ending .
Urgent Toyota.... We need good jobs here in the US!!!!
