Dow Average: from it's low on Mar 6, 2009 until Obama left office: Up 210%.

To equal Obama's 210%, you'll need to hit 61,500  #FactsMatter
Most econs say 1st year is carry-over. But OK.

Dow up >140% from Obama's inaug Jan 2009 to Jan 2017.

To equal, market has to hit 47,800.
Finally a Trump supporter I agree with on this. I post economy graphs responding to Trump (et al) saying Dow is great now cuz Trump!
In truth, U.S. market indicators are much more complex than who is in the WH. There are global markets, currency movements, etc to factor in
Obama presided over 9000 in gains.


Stocks fell during Obama's first year
No shit? Do you remember the Great Recession Bush left us with?
That's my point.  The market was due to correct its self.   Nov 7, 16 Dow closed 18,259.60.  Done nothing but sore since Trump was elected
Yeah, #tRUmp’s legislative failures, constant WH chaos, and Twitter feuds have been excellent for the stock market! Keep up the shitty work #POTUS!!
for the economy, it's more precisely in spite of the destructive policies Obama heaped on our economy ... God Bless America!!!
Thanks, Obama.
Damn! Obama nailed it back in 2009 with his policies!  You should be thanking him!
Thanks, Obama!
Yes Mr. President, real progress the left will ignore, or try to steal credit for
When the bubble pops, you'll be 
looking for work.
Thanks obama!
Thanks to 1920's people.  80% out of 100? It goes up.
yea. it shouldcrash with a pretty big bang
THANK YOU OBAMA !!!
Where was it in 2008 when Obama took over and in 2016 when you took over?
This helps the working poor...thanks organge man
How many of your “base” have stock portfolios?
You haven’t pass a single fucking piece of legislation. How do you think you have anything to do with the Dow? That’s @POTUS44’s work loser!
That's about as relevant as gas prices being at a low or a high during a term.
then  why did ur  sec state say mkt will  fail  if tax cut  does not  happen  !!!  mkt is upon  a hope  and  a  prayer


Yet none of these gains has helped the average American. I guess we see who you are really for #wallstreet#justlikehillary
#FireSessions
Each 1000 is a smaller percentage of the last. 5%, 4.7%, 4.5%. #MAGADIOTS
This "faux news" can't even count to ten with all fingers .  What a laugh! All your promises will become fodder for 2017 Pence Pres takeover
What are you going to do when it drops or crashes? who are you going to #Blameiton? Nothing is every your fault, you act like you are 5.
Thank you President Obama for saving the country after a serious economic disaster and setting the country on the right path.  DT was handed a thriving economy, hope he continues to be grateful and not mess it up!
#Niger
when you go to church with the rest of the GOP be sure and thank Obama for the economy.
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/investors-this-is-your-last-warning-about-the-us-stock-market-2017-09-20 …   Screen shot saved.
And 30,000 job lost in the 8th month after you took office. #MAGA
Whatttttttttt
Obamaites now claiming credit for stock market and job gains. Trump is destroying Obama leagcy one day at a time
#ThanksObama
While the stock market it breaking highs how many people are actually making money. 90 percent are not
please hep us working folk get more of our money back in our pockets.
world debt 135 thousand billion   your stock market will crash   soon
Big ship, you did nothing and therefore have nothing to do with it.
The real pulse is taken here Sir. All those hearts are a yes. Your strength is ours too. Be strong. Be stronger. 4 more.
Markets are (still) up because we are (still) under Obama’s economy. You dolts who voted for Trump have no clue about economics. #ignorant
Within a year? Wow! Congrats.
Obama worked hard at getting the economy rolling! You are the beneficiary ok Obama’s work! You must thank Obama for making you look good.
The stock market went from 8K to nearly 20K under Obama, and even this 4K has been in Obama's final fiscal budget.  Trump has done NOTHING.
Resign now Trump!
Libs will say they are responsible.
Thanks Obama!!!
It will crash remember i said this on 10/19/2017
Is this woman the #MelaniaDouble?No offense to her, but....
What happened to your “first 100 days in office” milestone? #FakePresident
who you going to blame when the bottom hits
You have nothing to do with the stock market.... The stock market was doing great with Obama too.  You have NO accomplishments....... Resign
Mostly based upon optimism that things will get done. We need them to get done!
And thousands before you showed up. Most thanks to Dem administrations.
Please cancel daylight saving time!!!!
You can thank President Barack Obama for that success
#Fox #FakeNews I didn’t have to open it to realize it was Fox lol.
Thanks, Obama!
This would not be happening if President Obama had not taken it from 7000 in 2009 to 19000 in 2016. #thankyoupresidentobama #impeach45
#MoronsAreGoverningAmerica #ImpeachChiefMoronTrump @realDonaldTrump
It's because of Obama NOT YOU!
There are a lot of naysayers on this tweet string, but my retirement account didn't start to zoom up until after Trump was in office. 
It all started w/@POTUS44 - poor people don’t own stock what are you doing for them
Another bubble, another crash. The wealthy and large corporations will be fine. Middle class and poor will suffer, as always.
As the stock market peaks and house prices top out at 300/500%  one big puff and the house of cards collapse
You really don't get the fact we aren't as stupid to your con as you'd hoped. #fuckingmoron
Next 30000
DOW doing great! Has nothing to do with #potus45 or anything he has or has not accomplished.
Thanks to the amazing @BarackObama. HIS DEDICATION & HARD WORK HAS PAID OFF, & as normal Trump is claiming it as his achievement- LOSER!!!!
Go and play golf. This has nothing to do with you.
still watching FOX??
Thank U President Obama for the laws & changes U did that helped the Market. Tell me what economic changes have U done??  NOTHING. OOPS
Means nothing. But thanks obama
Agreed, Thanks @BarackObama
Thanks Obama!!
Thanks that Odumbo cannot continue destroying America
It's A BIG FAT BUBBLE!! WTH??
Wow....he knows how to count......
If you claim credit for stocks going up up and away, surely you'll claim them when they crash. Ja, Herr Egotude? #maga #delusional #fartbag
Not you just because it’s good news

#trumpsawhitesupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisracist #fucktrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpLies
We have never seen numbers like this. You said we would say Mr.Trump were winning too much, then you would say, no we must win some more! 
Thank you President Obama. Hoping Donnie-boy doesn’t screw this up like he did your employment growth streak. #TooChickenToServe
Yet ZERO reporting. If/when it trends down (correction) @ABC @CBS @CNN @nbc @MSNBC Will be ALL over it.  Liars. Cheaters. Dishonest. Cowards
Donny the jobs numbers have reversed for the last 2 or 3 months have been revised down. We are losing jobs so Trump pivots to stock market.
Say what?
Wait till it corrects.
Obama never accomplished anything like this.
Thanks, Obama! 
Absolutely Wonderful, WONDERFUL!!! 
CELEBRATE, CELEBRATE DANCE TO MUSIC               “ A Promise made, A promise  filled” 
You missed a hashtag, #ThanksObama
What will you say when it dips down... And you know it will
One Question: Why did Russians help this orange crooked moron to win our  election ?
Russia's attack on our election was an attack of enormous proportions. @DeptofDefense must play lead role in defending against cyberattacks. 
@Qaz21987315
???¿??¿
Plain
Go to sleep
Go to Mommy
If you wont pass Tax cuts - will will anyway lead to higher deficits - the Stock market will tank.
Mr. President

Please keep us INFORMED on the Markets

The MSM is so skewed

That we have to hear it from YOU!

Even NBR from PBS is twisted

Sanctions against Russia, Donnie! Sign it!!! U lyin con artist & ´#profiteer. #RussiaGate
Obozo was worst racist/ Presidency Ever! Should hang for his crimes.

Because of all that great legislation you're passing -- not
The Stock Market is false security. If there is a sell off all the value disappears like a burst balloon. IQ45 @realDonaldTrump clueless SAD
Thank you President Obama. A true leader. What we so sorely lack today, now that we have an incompetent, racist sociopath as President

Will #CrookedHillary finally face the music? #LockHerUp  http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355957-senate-judiciary-opens-probe-into-obama-era-russian-nuclear-bribery#.WedAxT0Nxkc.twitter …
FBI uncovered Russian bribery plot before Obama administration approved controversial nuclear deal with Moscow
This doesn't have anything to do with the economy. You are probably buying up stock in your failing companies.
Has nothing to do with you
Do you think the lower class cares about this? They don’t own stocks like you, we are not all born with a silver spoon.
and how are are your recovery efforts going in California, PR, USVI, the Keys, etc.?
.@realDonaldTrump Thank you President @BarackObama !!
Obama had his foot squarely on the necks of businesses and average Americans, finally, Jobs and confidence in our economy! MAGA
Why could you not be like that man who tried to make friends of the world. Instead you make enemies
Thanks to @BarackObama
....BUT this only equates to more money for those you already HAD money!
The higher the climb, the farther the fall. You've restored policies that helped cause the '07 collapse. Why expect different results now?
oh, for a second I thought it was billions for military spending...
Fake News. lol

Thank you President Obama!
it was at 17K when you got elected 6K in 8 months is just WOW!
You didn't do it. Americans and the so called non-citizens did it. Don't steal the show from them you LOSER.
can't attach too much political success to this volatile item which has to inevitably drop before any next growth spurt
it was all lies when it went up under the black man , that's what you said
Who cares! Where’s the jobs-jobs-JOBS!!JOBS!!!!
No one I know owns Stock! But I know many who need a J-O-B!
That’s what you “promised”
Yup there ya go...praising the residents of the swamp. You love Wall Street. Stockholders do not represent the majority of country
You had zero to do with it
Thank you Obama
How about working for the majority of people and not just wealthy people
All because of the strategies the President has implemented in the months he has been here.  I love the market right now.
@psgsr160 You are the worst president in our history. You plagiarized Hitler's slogan Make Germany Great Again. You chngd Germany to America
Enjoy it - but be prepared to explain and take credit for when it corrects...
Yes of course. Ur the greatest that ever lived.
bubble will pop before the first term is up

During your first 100 days the stock market gained 5.5%, not quite up with Obama when the stock market gained 8.4% in his first 100 days. The market has maintained an upward trend since 2009.  Don't think the credit is all yours. Sorry!
It's funny watching people say "thanks Obama" for the stock market.
Liberals actually believe the stock market went up as a result of Obama.
AND DID U SEE HOW MUCH IN 8 YRS IT WENT UP FOR OBAMA!?!? http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/101314/where-was-dow-jones-when-obama-took-office.asp … it was at 7,949.09 & ended at 19,827.25 with you starting!!
#maga
Fuck u and your stupid ass cronies hope the market crashes
NICE&COOL


impeach
Thanks @BarackObama for your hard work the last 8 years
We thank you @realDonaldTrump . TRUMP
Thanks President Obama
Thanks to Obama’s 8 years of work!
Where is trump tax return???????
Fake news !!!!!
Here's the some fact charts the first six months of everyone's presidency.  What's your point. You're a businessman,  % growth facts
Here's the dow. % growth is what matters in business.  Not just the Dow's points.
Remember when the Completely Nonsense Network @CNN boldly & loudly proclaimed a Trump victory would crash the markets?! LMFAO
Brilliant choices! Swamp=establishment globalists.
how sad the only ones you retweet are the fake news syndicate, your friends at sexual harassment central FOX
Is that the number of lies you've told?
ITS A TRUMP PRESIDENCY!!  What an accomplishment !
Thanks Obama
you haven't passed a Budget yet.... So you realize these are Obama's Numbers right? Sad.
Sentiment from @CNN hasn't changed.  http://www.newzlant.com/Bias/1/CNN/Donald%20Trump …

That's great for those who can afford to invest. #incomeinequality #middleclass #richgetricher
@POTUS Thank you President Trump, without you in office this wouldn't have happened, you are amazing President, the best!!!
Fact:  Obama Administration had 12 one thousand milestones.  Investors Beware: No market goes up forever!
The stock market went from 3,000 under republicans to 19,000 under President Obama’s

