
I only responded to this thread so I could use this gif. Good day
With all your distraction stunts @realDonaldTrump just REMEMBER~ #TrumpRussia investigation is NOT going away  @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner
It already gone, done with, no one cares about it.
BOT ALERT! Best all to REPORT then BLOCK @Girlie77004185 
Thank you, Mr. President,for always standing up for American people.
Whereas @JustinTrudeau would prefer to sit down over tea and try to find out why Kim has such a temper.
Hey the boarders free to cross if you prefer Trump as your leader.
I'm good. 2018 Wynne goes 2019 Glamour Boy goes. 
Plus my beloved @MapleLeafs are on pace to win a round or two in the playoffs
Yes! There are so many who stand United with "Our President "

So... those ARE ASSAULT WEAPONS THEN, which is it. And REMEMBER this, 250,000,000 minus 63,000,000 morons equals 187MILLION ADULTS

Depends on your definition of power really. The most powerful man in history allowed his enemies to nail him to a cross.
Chicken  Doughboy
Your bloodline never shed a drop of blood to build or defend this nation. You are the begotten of cowards & thieves & have sired the same.
Thank-you
So said the Romans, Greeks, Chinese, Goths, British, Spanish, Portuguese, Moors, Huns, French ....
結構似てて草
いいゾ〜^これ
Look, just buy NKorea, and stamp the Trump name all over it in 60 foot gold letters. It'll fall into bankruptcy and fail soon enough.

As the North Korea situation reminds us, we will be dealing with the consequences of electing Barack Obama for decades to come!
We all gon die
What she said!
Why don't you two dicks (and Malcom Turnbull) get in a ring and work out your differences and leave the rest of us out of it. IDIOTS!!
I think the correct term is "little dicks".
I miss @POTUS44
you have no right to risk the lives of millions of us.
Shhhhhhh.
Bullshit
On-line tough guy and Chicken Hawk
Excellent statements today Boss!
Said the Egyptian, Greek and Roman Empires and later Great Britian.
I pray n Korea knows your a president that keeps his word. Unlike the last one
Oh dear God, protect us from this man
Power defined by the ability to destroy. But you've lost influence, respect and moral authority.
You threaten NK while vacationing at your golf course. Good thing U wasn't in your pajamas or you'd have really scared the shit out of them
Actually, that time is now, you clown. Power is not weighed by arsenal alone.
His kids, and his Trumpsters
and their kids need to be on
the Front line for this War!
They wanted this, not us!!
Sadly, I never thought we would, but ur erratic, infantile behavior is leading us on that path.  43 years ago, Nixon resigned; copy that!
Finally we have a president with some GUTS!!!! Thank You,  President Trump!!!!!
You sound like a twelve year old.
He's just a big orange toddler.
Agreed.

As well as the most stupid. Not a good combination. Wake up America!
the minute you stepped in, we LOST that position. Germany and China moved in. thanks for NOTHING
Trump the chump  just a shit stained resident of the White house,never would get the respect from a lot of people to be call president,f em
We stopped being the most powerful nation on earth when you became president.
Even the most powerful nations have their downfall. I fear that ours is closing in.
Sir I don't believe your educated enough to realize what you are saying .
I think you need to look at History pal, other world powers thought the same and where are they now?
Please for the love of God, #25thAmendmentNow
Show them....WHO IS THE BOSS
Pretty sure the Romans and British and of ye the NAZIS said the same thing. Jus talkinnn here

Dear Sir
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus 
#SantRampalJi is
"World-Victorious Saint"…
We are also becoming the most ignorant country.
Our country is going to shit. You are a straight shit show !!
Hi
IS THAT SO...LOL HE IS GENESIS 1:26-28, ISAIAH 40:28, PSALM 7:11, 1 JOHN 1:11, ROMANS 8:16.
War against American exceptionalism. When outside forces control our Government Americans are shamed for the behavior.
I'm a guy and even I find you d*ck measuring contest here overly excessive. Insults are all fine but that should NEVER lead to war.
We became a second class nation the day you were elected.
And hell no should the history repeats itself as North Korea becomes the next Japan...only difference is the U.S. strikes first this time.
Now America is trying to make the world believe that North Korea is making a threat when they are simply playing with own their toys...
Russia, and China are playing chess by using North Korea, and Iran's nuclear programs, to do what they really want to, to avoid a world war
Great Power is obtained through leadership and respect ... not by fear.
#Ozymandius
Lol

对的，中国才最强…哈哈哈哈哈哈
That's arrogant and really stupid, that's exactly why everyone in the world hates America
Not with you leading it. Idiot man baby
So very wrong. China will overtake the US. What is more you are accelerating the process.
IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!!!!!
THE BIBLE SAYS: Before any war "Count the cost" then decide. @stephenkbannon @VP @greta @GOPChairwoman @SecElaineChao @USDA @StateDept
Your idiocy has made us weak and redshifted global power. Your feeble ego has made Merkel leader of the free world and China the #1 economy.
I'm sure all of Trump's numbers are embarrassing. His Tax Returns. His IQ. His weight.
Dems and the MSM r trying pretty hard though.
You need to humble yourself before God and get on your knees to ask for forgiveness
You are unfit to lead. 25th Amendment time.
Why do you lie?
Mr President, I sure hope this plea DEAL talk i hear for HRC is not true. I see it as equilivant of turning your back on American people
R u trying to start a war w/North korea with your ridiculous words? Where's ur humanity? Please stop for the sake of the kids of the USA.
"The most powerful nation in the world" is lead by an over emotional dingbat. Wonderful.
The real crime SS and VA no raise for 7 yrs under Obama ,cost of living up 25%
Yes!
这才是世界上最强大的国家！
Bs
Love you MR PRESIDENT  An EMP pulse weapon should send them back to stone age. Tired of this guy sorry you have to bother with it. #MAGA
Unless we count that time you became president and it became the most ridiculous nation in the world...
Having the biggest stick doesn't make one powerful. It makes one look weak and afraid.
CHINA.    NO.   RESPALDA.  A.   KIM. JONG.  UN. .
Where were all you when it came time to vote?
Yes Donald, and it will be soon the way you're going
Terrifying
President Bannon's war dream is coming true thanks to his puppet Donald Trump. #TrumpIsBannonsPuppet
Wake up Mr.President China is playing a dangerous game they are responsible for this crisis-step up the GAME, stop this before its too late.
There never has been stupid! U really think you're a tough guy? lolol  Weakest, whiniest, most complaining liar I have ever seen in my life!
You'd better create a stable world Mr. Trump, otherwise you might loose the power yourself very soon.
And then he ejaculated and went to sleep.
The world knows when you make false claims, like claiming YOU have increased our nuclear arsenal in 6 months. EVERYONE knows it was Obama.
Other countries know you're not supported here, that makes you weak. A weak leader means a weak country. You are destroying this country.
We will never be most powerful nation again until you are out of office. The People must support its leader & majority doesn't support you.
A great leader is what makes a country "the most powerful nation", without that a country is in chaos...look around, Trump, we are in chaos.
thanks to you we aren't the most powerful, we're the damned laughing stock of the free world. WTF is wrong with you man?
Fuel bombs work very well!  We have the gas and it's cheap.
As long as we keep Obamanites out of the WH!
When you took the Oath before the small attendance we lost that position. You are not the leader of the free world.
And if things really go south, you won't even recognize your own responsibility, you bloviating buffoon.
You are an inexperienced person in military issues! You need to learn diplomacy
Ummmm . . . 1812?
The most powerful nations in the world are those who have more friends and allied and United States -till now- had enough.
It's the bed of nails theory, he says thousands of crazy things, like one nail hurts u, but a thousand doesn't hurt, #johnoliver
Let's just not go to war with N. Korea. You and Kim can have a dick measuring contest that doesn't threaten millions of lives
That is completely naive to think. Every Empire falls. Ridiculous! You suck at Presidenting.
Mr. President.  Hard for NOKO to enrich uranium without power.  Knock out every source of power they have, all comms, and all supply lines
Keep this in mind while threatening NK..
A strong offense is the only defense against a possible loss! Thank You President Trump for your unwavering stance for America!!!
Trump is our president thank god for him if you can't help him at least remain respectfull
Just DON'T let DEEP STATE via MCMASTER - TRICK YOU into war with N. Korea so SOROS can make money! GOD bless you! Praying!!
Thank you sir keeping America safe. Also Thank for MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. Hey Democrats stop drinking the sauce and pull your heads out
https://twitter.com/RapinBill/status/895011213557497857 …
Yet all the great empires of the past thought that they could be the most powerful forever. power would be in having a green economy
Real power is achieving your goals without using all your power.
Two presidents bickering for power, there are people who want an improvement will understand the present!
 #RT #TrxllGXDS #BlackMafia
You seem to WANT 2 use, this is life or death, shit for brains
You are doing what a real President does sir! Thank you!
So why didn't YOU serve in the military?
Both of you need to stop, no one  wants war think of your kids and everyone else's children they are frightened, I frightened please stop
Just because you think you've the biggest dick doesn't mean you're not one and, even if your dick belies your tiny hands, you're the biggest
you have our support, winning through strength
HOPE THE ISLAMS NEVER GET AHOLD OF THE TERRIBLE POWEREFUL NUCULAR BOMBS.  WHO KNOWS?  THERE ARE SO MANY OF THOSE PEOPLE. AND THEY ARE HORRID
I, as a woman, am glad the man in charge has a huge set of Kahoonahs. Makes me feel confident in this country's safety. About time #MAGA

That's what the Roman Empire said...
Yes yes @POTUS your hands are big...you have a bigger penis than Kim Jong Un. You have a bunker. You'll be fine when he launches. Not us,Ass
I recall one of the Titanic crewmen saying "...even God could not sink this ship..."  Whoops
Nuke the egg roll
Most powerful doesn't mean we want to get a bunch of our people killed for no reason.
Be strong. Go with your heart President Trump.
So glad to hear you say it! If you want to triple down on NOKO, I'm with you!
Well, until the EU or China overtakes the USA in the near future.
#PIMPOTUS this is how a real President responds to a threat to our country.
Video: #TBT to when we had a President who understood the gravity & human cost of nuclear war

#ImpeachTrump #Resist 
Keep the Nukes in the silos Mr. President.
Please for the love of this country, be quiet. Permanently if possible.
Mueller must be getting close for you to use the threat of nuclear war as a distraction
https://twitter.com/TrumpTrain45Pac/status/895711802532651008 …
how about you "hopefully" don't lead us into a nuclear war asswipe
With you at the wheel....we are good as gone....ignorance becomes you#ImpeachTrumpNow #TraitorTrump
Please fly to North Korea so you can work this out yourself.  GO NOW.
Foreign Policy:

Teddy Roosevelt - Speak softly and carry a big stick.

Trump - Speak loudly and be a big dick.
shut up
Just go away NOW
Just go to Congress with your big plans.
Hahahaha
God Bless Amarica,and President Donald Trump,Nobody will Threaten Amarica and get away with it, Thank you For getting The Job Done...
Youre unfit to be president of the neighborhood watch, let alone the US. #trumpisatwit #treasonoustrump #trumpismentallyill #TrumpForPrison
As I listen to you speak I realize I can't stand you.  I am repulsed by you and your ignorant rhetoric.  My stomach churns when you squawk
Fuckem push the button and end this shit. Nuke north Korea
https://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=i&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=images&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwiij_iKv83VAhWFnRoKHWxDC3YQjRwIBw&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FTinyTrumps%2Fcomments%2F5ycrw8%2Fleaked_footage_from_trump_international_golf%2F&psig=AFQjCNEOcXmxbBfpn2VwgnAp-oxtY2Sqaw&ust=1502482892352746 …
What is wrong with you???? Shut up!!! You are going to get people killed. Then you'll be whisked away to a bunker with no gold and no golf.
All brawn and no brain gets you beat up on any playground.
Poll numbers at 33%! 
Impeach him.
