Palestinian president: We will no longer accept US role in peace process #MiddleEast http://hill.cm/besw16E 
Palestinian president: US is "no longer qualified" to oversee Middle East peace process #Palestinians #MiddleEast http://hill.cm/9rfRScS 
Please help the Palestinians as well. The whole key to peace in the Middle East and the world depends on how our American Government allows Palestinians to be treated by Israel. Enough of Zionism. Their efforts are futile.

So much for peace in the middle east - Palestinian leaders cut off contact with Trump after Trump threatened to close DC office #TrumpLeaks #TrumpFiles http://hill.cm/LMCr7fm 
HAY OLD MAN DONALD J TRUMP YES YOU! OLD MAN, YOU KNOW ABOUT COVERUP AND KIDNAPING OF DR JAMES ALBERT HARDER PHD RAN FOR HIS LIFE HELP ME OUT
Donal Estas haciendole la vida difícil a los cubanos quitándoles la embajada por favor
#WorstPresidentEver
US Ambassador to Israel DavidFriedman declared Israel occupies only 2% of the West Bank. Why doesn't he know Israel occupies 42% of that it?
Thank Mr. President Sir for all your dedication.
Mr. Trump can we please make North Korea a parking lot
YOU, attempting to sound humble makes my skin crawl!
What you saying for the whole world teaching kids
So come on you ulosd cont
매우 환영합니다.

Dude, you don't have the skills to be there.
Excellent negotiating with this goal in mind of Peace in the Middle East, Saudi finances global violence & they keep war going all the time
Peace will only come once the Palestinians have justice and their own country. I cannot see it happening with a Zionist Israel.
I thought your imbecile brother-in-law was supposed to have brokered peace in the Middle East by now. Is he incompetent? A criminal? Both?
No country on earth with name Israel.
Cat got your tongue, Donnie Boy?
Really?    How, what has he been doing for peace?
@POTUS and for you trying to demand someone to stand you musta forgot this ain't Russia This Is America to which we can...
can tell that phony President to kiss our ASSHOLES, "freedom of speech" DUMB Donald, you're the most hated being!!!!
It must be awkward to be the least informed person in the room. Every. Single. Time.
Just dont turn your back on them, i will alway be to fominate the world
Abbas is a terrorist not a peace promoter. He represents all that's bad in the Mid-East.
sorry no offense but he needs public speech and grammar lessons
Abbas is a terrorist. Condones murder and destruction.  He is an enemy of America, and all we stand for. 
Crook
DISAPPOINTED that U were "Honored" to meet with Pres Abbas!!!!
There will be No Peace, not without death to Israel. Recognize Jerusalem as the Capital of Israel. Israel forever!
What does he do with our aid money? Why does he pay the families of terrorists with our aid money?
Dislike!!!

DJT has biggest rear end of any POTUS and needs it to process the biggest load of crap from any POTUS ever. Abbas is a thief and murderer.
Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
Mr.President
Head down to Chicago meet with police chiefs #railroadRahm he aint doing his job! Clean it up! #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Meh
Need to meet with ppl from other countries. No one in this country wants to be associated with you!
R u gonna delete this tweet too?
Abbas and the PLO must stop funding terrorist martyrs ... US must stop subsidizing terrorism.
ick..,pooping again?  do you know how to sit in a chair?
Best way u can help is resign.
Note the body language of President Abbas. He doesn't want Peace. It's all BS to that PaLiEstinian  tyrant and kleptocrat
He sure hasn't demonstrated that in his region.
Why not right now probably W/China a face 2 face meeting with Kim? Your a DEAL MAKER. Made peace with Saudi after they sent many 2 KILL US
Praying for successful peace negotiation, your childhood vision of peace between Palestine and Israel a reality.
The Palestinians will need to work a lot harder with Israel if they are really serious about moving towards peace. No more double talk.
WOW ! NOW THIS PISSES ME OFF ABBAS IS LIKE OBAMA HATES ISRAEL & IS A TERRORIST ABBASSATANTHESE MUSLIMS ARE LIARS, PALESTINE FAKE NATION
No Justice, No peace
and just who else is involved? Can you tell us?ha ha ha ...Are they from Nambia?
Mr. TRUMP PLEASE STOP DOING THE ILLUMINATI SYMBOL WHEN YOU ARE IN THESE MEETINGS. I VOTED FOR U BECAUSE I THOUGHT YOU WEREN'T A GLOBALIST. 🖒
Booo.
You embarrass this country. Resign, dotard
Don't include yourself amongst peace makers.
I luv peace.  Keep it up!
Ur more hypocritical towards Palestine than you are towards Israel. Chillax, orange one, have a burger and fries, let the adults run things.
Great message POTUS! Great way to tell the world YOU are on top of every situation!

Great supporter of Israel huh? Mr. talk out of your fat and ever-expanding ass. Such a loser, the Art of the Squeal!
Ah the tie big enough to cover your belly. Really long tie.
You have painted a vivid picture of him here. Knowingly or unknowingly.
Is it only me, or do we all see that the way #45 sits is an attempt to make you think of this penis?
A palestin men killed a whole jewish family, and got paid with millions of dolars. Fuck palestins! Stop the islamic terror!
Mr President the wirld will repect U if U can push  the Independence of Palestine
Wedge
https://mobile.twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/910918805257306112/video/1 …
Well done Mr. President.
I wish I was a fly on the wall next week, of everyone you had the honor of meeting this week.
At the Trump Towers again... SMH
Umm-this doesn't sound like it:
Americans pushing Abbas to stop payments to prisoners. He isn't listening. @ UNGA just saluted 
"our courageous prisoners in Israeli jails"
Want peace?Cut Israel off from the teet of American taxes. We were not asked if we wanted to support these devils! 90% of America agrees!
Great work, Mr. President.
Working hard for peace? Paying $$$ to the families of terrorists is working for peace?
Don't trust Abbas.
How is there gonna be peace when we bloody hell know that the US govt is in Israels back pocket
Israels "TRUMP" card u might say
@POTUS After a while the honor thing sounds old.
Funniest.........tweet................EVER.......!
What are you doing to work towards peace? I don't think offering chocolate cake to the peacekeepers qualifies...
Stop trying to kill American people because you can't ever be as great as @POTUS44
President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
President Abbas must be told there is no 2 state solution Holy Land promise to Israel 2600 years ago bye zLord Jehovah
#JESUSCHRISTISCOMING #NOW
DO NOT HELP BRING FALSE #PEACE BETWEEN #ISRAEL N #PALESTINE! GOD CLEARLY STATES IN HOLY BIBLE SCRIPTURES THIS IS #FALSE #PEACE.SATAN'S TRICK
#ISRAEL N #PALESTINE #PEACETREATY WILL RESULT IN #SATAN'S #RULE AS #ANTI-CHRIST #BEAST #OBAMA, FALSE #KING #WILLIAM,#FALSE PROPHET #POPE
Sad so very sad
He uses so many filler words that he talks but never says anything.
#dotard
What does working hard w everyone involved toward peace actually mean? Doing what with who? What have they been doing? Working hard at what?
Do not trust this snake he is not trustworthy
Really: "Israel has made this 'a year of a new war of genocide perpetrated against the Palestinian people,' PA president tells UN GA"

Mr. Trump, you continue to make things great! You are truly and possibly one of the best leaders we have ever seen! No hash tags!
You have no idea what you're doing. Checked box. Move on. #FakePresident
Great news, does he like the wall ?
Have you ever accidentally sat on your tie?
You really don't know what's going on there, do you?
can't run, can't hide... Mueller's coming!
No Mr. Trump. The Palestinian Authority has done very little to promote peace in their region. Tell it like it is please.
Are they still training their children to kill Jews?  I think so!
Can't be trusted!
President Trump a very honored to you for your great leadership quality portrayed. Thumbs you up.
Thank you for opening the door to peace. We all want peace, especially the Middle East. God Bless
See how Mr president say to a peace .
In the old ages a great leader would invite them all top aristocracy at a poisonous dinner and claim total power and control over the lands.
F*ck that pally shit.
#facebook turning over Russian ads to Congress.
Great...  @ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
The only thing that you have over President Obama is you're far less intelligent than he is.  Thank God for Bob Mueller.
So ignorant @realDonaldTrump said "Belgium is a beautiful city"...& kept repeating an invented country; "Nambia"...
Take back our BILLION$ the Insane terror country isLIErael STEAL from us & how about You bomb them for 911 and HANG bu$h & cheney of course!
This Terrorist provided the funding for the 1972 Kidnapping and Murder of Israeli Olympic Team! Don't be fooled!
Abbas working hard for peace? Are you kidding? The only peace with Israel Abbas is working on is peace without their being an Israel.
It' s his job.  Has to be there.  Paid by his ppl just like you.  Trust him more that POTUS right now. POTUS wants millions to suffer.
Really??? Are you paying attention at all???
You really think we need all those guillotines for chopping Christian's heads off in America who do you think bought them the rag heads!
He's nothing but a terrorist in a suit.
You're not right in your head

President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
Trying to be loved. Missing mama? His words are as good as a toddler's.
Great remedy for @realDonaldTrump obsession with tweeting, going off script and  talking points.
Wonderful, we are hopping to get the deal done
Remember Charlie Brown and their teacher talking? Wa Wa Wa Wa? Well that's what we all hear from your mouth!
Peace hold team, require assistance from United States of America, to help Biafras have Independence from Nigeria, BH. IS. country.
He's only working the U.S. for aid $, Palestinians hate the U.S. n Israel! Fuck them, don't give them shit and watch them crumble!!
Now, Muhammadu Buhari. send boko haram to Biafra land and they have started killing in our land now, Please i require your help.
We need your help in Nigeria, because what Biafrans passing through in Nigeria is very hute and shameless treat, from Norherns of Nigeria,
Good day President Trump Donald. Peace hold team, greeting you for wonderful work you are doing to bring peace in our nation, God Guide.
I WILL SOON BE BRINGING PEACE TO THE MIDDLE EAST, BELIEVE ME!
Man you have been sooo busy..all these Presidents-time for golf ?

My president of American Donald Trump.
