.@realDonaldTrump Please show us your tax returns.
wow this dude must have such low self esteem he just goes on & on about this who cares anymore. i want a responsible prez
Oh Dear, you make me want to be Ralphy! https://youtu.be/XvijyBIgazE 
no mandate not even a strong showing. 34th out of 45 presidents
you lost by almost 3 million votes
why are you STILL talking about this?  Nothing better to do yet??
prez elect trump help shediff joe
you know , you are going to actually have to work instead of reveling. Grow up!!
But you turned out to be the biggest loser anyway!  More people dislike you than voted for you. Tiny hands, huge loser
stop!!! You have got to be the most dense person on earth to not realize we don't like you or respect you. #DemForce

Get over it.
that took you 7 minutes...
I'm glad you stood by and counted the min
A neat thing you might not know about computers is they keep track of what time things happened at.
Yeah, 'win big' when Clinton got nearly 3 million more votes? I think the people spoke, but nobody listened.
still lost the popular vote and colluded with Russia, you Fascist traitor to the United States.  #Resist!
So your information came as a result of cancelled fireworks. Pretty much sums up how you govern. Clueless.
big dumb looking Big Bird #SOB I'm glad you praise yourself no-one else will yr dad didn't he didn't even love you crybaby
It really bugs you loosing by 3 million. Over and over trying to convince yourself. While in your  you know it's wrong.
you got the electoral college, but got embarrassed in the popular bigly! #Loser
Are you STILL talking about the election? Dude, get to work being president, the job starts now. Also, she did win pop vote by 3M. 
Well yeah, the hacking.
Always feel the need to toot your own horn @realDonaldTrump since no one is, to keep reminding yourself, how bigly sad #TinyFingeredPuppet
Rat boy Don will do his daughter on Mon Wed Fri 
& the Russian Intel officer on Sat-Sun

I kiss my dad on the lips, however he never said he wanted to fuck me
That’s the difference !
Exactly!
Fabled? It'd be nice if the EC was a fucking fable, then you would be crying about losing.
Obama won big 365, then 328. Bush did bigger as well. What was greater is their wins were honest.
The real fireworks began when she realized she lost, and all the liberal morons heads imploded.
No, you thought you would lose bigly. You actually did not want this position..only the 'winning' part, right? Let America win by resigning.
U didn't win big. Opposite! U lost popular vote in the largest landslide ever. One for history books and u can't stop it.
You are haunted by losing the popular vote and having one of the lowest winning electoral vote totals in history.
and also the most enthusiastic support in history. So there's that, but good try.
Wait, what does that mean? Measured how? He has an incredibly low approval rating.
Just look at the electoral map. That support is the heartbeat of the country; not the dense pockets of blue you see in small corners.
Not sure you understand how math works and where most Americans live.
Also unclear you understand where American jobs are and where the American economy is rooted.
As far as the economy, just look how it's been booming since Trump won. I know you have expertise here, but can't deny facts.
Hahaha. You mean the Dow? Over 30% of that is thanks to Goldman Sachs stock. Swamp draining?

this one is better Believe me #RESISTANCE
lmao  you liberals are delusional. He cannot be impeached he's not president yet
Why thank you
Where any of the people @ thePeople's prez's New Year's Eve Party Couldn't afford it? #Resistance
all of the migrant help was sent away.
Speaking of fireworks, your presidency is going to flame out spectacularly.
Keep telling yourself that cupcake.
.@realDonaldTrump You have stupid you haven't even used yet. Comparatively you barely won EC + big loss in pop vote.
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.
Popular vote means absolutely nothing.  Electoral Votes is how you win the POTUS.  You know flyover country?
Yes, the electoral college is the white's form of affirmative action. It always favors republicans.
If that's the case how did Obama win twice?
When a candidate loses popular vote but wins EC it's always a republican. That's what "favors" means.
That's idiotic reasoning.
Idiotoc reasoning? It's a FACT. Look it up. Pretty clear who the idiot is here
.@realDonaldTrump Donnie, we know you won. You can stop now. Also, you didn't win "big," it was one of the smallest victories in US history.
you might wanna check that. 307 is pretty big.
Holy shit, no wonder you have no friends, you are SUCH A BORE.
his dad hated him too. And he would rape his voters just like he rapes kids. Poor cucks and beta.
I wouldn’t call getting 3 million less votes a “win big” Donald.
. Electoral College baby.  HUGE victory.  Crying liberals need a hug?
No hugs needed, tnx. We're practically dancing in the street to watch Trump dig his grave now.
You will NEVER be able to change the fact that YOU LOST BY ALMOST 3 million votes; you lose in every other civilized place.
Clinton won by 3 million votes. That means you lost 3 million voters. So you are not the peoples' choice!!
YOU DID LOSE!! THE TRUE PRESIDENT WON BY OVER 3,000,000!!
Clinton won by 3 million votes. That means you lost 3 milliin voters. So you are not the peoples' choice!!
You lied, the Russians and intimidation at the polls. 
NOT WIN POPULAR VOTE! 
Your “base”, the poor who would take any cult to fall into.
You did not win big.
You certainly paid enough and had plenty of help.  Too bad that help was from the Russians.
Lowest approval ratings, 3 million people more wanted her over you. The world is laughing at US. You lie all the time many Russia ties
Just a reminder... #YouLostBy3Million
and we are all sorry you won. Worst president ever!!!
Wake up you classless A hole, your day is coming!
NO one really likes you, you won because of the electoral college.  Mueller's comin, do you feel it?  Treasonweasel!
Are you ever going to let it go? Election was last year, quit taking victory laps.
Gloating is not presidential - it's sign of a VERY small man who still lost the popular vote by millions.
#TrumpleThinSkin
Electoral College is for a reason we are a Republic not a Democracy 

Founders feared popular tyranny

Why were the founders who created a document of Liberty wrong
not all of them were you have swallowed a line @katmancon @JFDreview
What line that I want to preserve Liberty
no that republic & democracy are different @katmancon @JFDreview
Under a Constitutional Republic my rights are always safe under democracy popularity can remove them
The year is 2021, Donald continues "and another thing about when I won the election..."
I keep getting "You lost we won, get over it" in my mentions. Tell Donald, he needs to hear it the most.
No kidding. He hasn't gotten over losing popular vote. And they call Dems special snowflakes.
You didn't win. You lost by 2%.
He won the Electoral College
You lost the popular vote by 3 million.
He won the electoral college by a landslide. Both candidates understood the rules of the game. Hill lost.
But 3 million more Americans still voted for her.
duh I will say this slowly,we.dont.have.national.elections.. both candidates would have campaigned differently!
You thought, faught, and shit all over yourself.
You are a collective reoccurring nightmare.
.@realDonaldTrump Donald, the more you go on about this the less convincing it is. A big President doesn't go on and on about his feelings.
I like hearing about feelings from future POTUS
.@realDonaldTrump fabled? Do you know what that word means?
you should've offered to take the fireworks off their hands for pennies on the dollar.
horsy for outside!
that was yesterday, quit gloating like a teenager that just saw his first booby
Race is over. You got the job. Imagine if 2016 Gold medalists were still shaming/taunting their competitors. #learnGrace
AGREED! WHEN THEY CANCELLED FIREWORKS, TOLD ME THE REAL#'s SCARED HELL OUT OF 'EM! THEY WERE SHAKEN! OVER4HRC! DJT CRUSH!

but enough about me what do you think about me??
Did you mean to say "bigly"?
are you really still gloating?  So unpresidential.  And that's bad in case you don't get it
THIS is what you're worried about? You need to continue to tweet about "winning?" You're scared. Admit it. #TheResistance
WE GET IT, YOU WON THE ELECTION, JFC
You lost by 3 million votes. #littledonny is a LOSER.
Shouldn't you be working instead of doing this?
remember the 54% of us who are scared shittless of you and Bannon
The pathetic DJT.
Explosive secret about Biafra hidden from the world for nearly 50 years ... http://dlvr.it/N1ghCs 
She beat you dude. By about 3 million people. MILLION! Don't forget it.
you'll always get fireworks from our family.
You're so full of yourself! Not a good quality guero
You came in second in the POPULAR vote.  Please remember that. Your gloating alienates the majority.
Please stop bragging. It's boring and certainly isn't presidential. #humility
Can just imagine you sitting there in bed in your underpants tweeting this shit. Always the statesman .You Stay classy!
You LOST Popular Vote! You = NOT Popular!
my President!
#delusional #nastyman #lockhimup #putinsbitch #sexualpreditor
Oh FFS give it a rest with the exaggerated gloating! I winged it in with the 46th biggest EC majority, & lost the pop. vote
OMG shut up already!! quit TALKING about how you won and start BEING PRESIDENT already!! ATNAT all talk & no action trump!!

put your phone down. You lost "biggly". #notmypresident. Tweeting is unpresidential. Stop tweeting, start reading/learning.
what exactly is "fabled" about 270?
What do you think about the Electoral College now?
give it a rest! You didn't get majority and we'll remind you daily.
Good lord, man; focus!!! You have to start presidenting soon! If you would have us look forward YOU have to look forward.
Still rolling around in your "victory"? Give it a rest.
No one cares.
Such an narcissist. Just like most of your tweets. You lost by almost 3,000,000 votes and needed help from hackers. LOL
I thought the same thing. With all their lies and media advantages you prevailed.
you did win big you cheated and lied .
You lost, by almost 3 million.  The GOP-appointed EC KKKronies overruled the People's Will and appointed you: Prez-appoint!
U won bc Russia added phantom voters, like they did in Putin's election. Some counties in FL had more votes than voters!
OK! Whatever...get on with your new life.Take your own advice!
ELECTION NIGHT, THE COUNTRY WAS PRAYING. I FELT IT. I SPENT 45 MIN AWAY FROM NEWS, PRAYING 4 GOD'S GOVT .. HE DELIVERED!
once again your ego supersedes any logical thinking. What a hot mess you are. Jesus have mercy on us.
We the People Knew u would #MAGA Please What about the #ReturningOurStolenChildren @reformCPS #JudicalFraud 0Accountablilty
TABATHA THEBEAU IS A LIAR AND A PSYCH PATIENT. DO NOT TRUST HER EVER.
It was a wonderful night !
Take Grandpa's phone away before he embarrasses himself.
YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE, you truly fail to understand you are NOT THE PRESIDENT of the people, your ratings are subprime!
PLEASE just do us all, and the country, and the planet, a favor and resign on Jan. 21.  PLEASE
what about that there popular vote???
You won.  Big league. 
Get over it! YOU LOST!
why are still going on about your "win"?  We still aren't behind you. Start acting like you're our president.
you didn't win big, orange delusional man. Most Americans think you're horrible. With small hands.
We All Know what you and PUTIN done.
is a win but not that special
are u still talking abt the elections? Don't you have a hearing to attend? Time to get to work Donnie boy
now Donlad don't gloat....on second thought gloat away
It was NOT a landslide.  CHECK YOUR FACTS.  Oh wait.. You didn't go to law school.  You didn't serve in the military.
fabled? Do you know what that word means?
you lost on the Popular vote!  Worst popular vote in our history!
I never had a doubt.
Take your wee electoral college victory and hug it at night. I'll embrace the almost 3,000,000. actual votes Hillary won by
what does this even mean?? Nonsense!
Very presumptuous fireworks indeed!
you are still masturbating to your victory, while Melania is your afterthought
the lack of one or both parents' affirmation leaves some children emotionally crippled...poor donny- no love.
great president you'll be, still gloating. get off twitter and make a difference.
You blew it, Nellie.  I'm not going to hide you when they come for you.
Sorry, you must have thought my message was an invitation to engage. It wasn't.
Guess they realized they couldn't pay for them.
Such a huge liar!!! So sad, pitiful in fact.

the "fabled 208"?  The "208" parents tell their kids about their kids about by the fire. AKA the absolute minimum?
Check your Id at the White House door please
I'm tired of hearing you brag about your win. Let's move on!
LOVVVEEE TRUMP!! 
make marijuana legal in the USA and yes you kicked ass sweet
Except Bill Clinton (1992 & 1996) & Barack Obama (2008 & 2012) got way more than me. #shortfingeredvulgarian
HC got popular vote by 3 mil. Everybody knows that. And if it was reversed, you & your GOP buddies would be raising hell.
Once again, Hillary won the popular vote!!!!!!!! You are a mistake!
Your the president elect now, is there really a need to keep bragging?
What?
to bad u didn't win the popular vote. It means the majority of Americans didn't want u. I'm sure you'll get even with them
In ur new year tweet you mentioned ur enemies. We r keeping an eye on u. dont forget that!
Please just get over urself. Hey, how about showing us your tax returns, tho? #CrookedDonald
LIAR
And we are all so glad you did!
The people are behind you President Trump & anything you want or need, we are here.
Liar. You lost by 2.8 million votes. #TraitorTrump
it won't go away until you put them in there spot lock her up if she doesn't call all dems to stop the bullshit
3 million more voters that should be working for a living instead of receiving better benefits than Veterans
You thought Wrong You Lost Popular Vote & Utilized S.E.V.E.R.A.L SCAMS 2 Win U cant wait 2 take Office 2 cover up all
rigged electoral system with help of his Russian buddies. I'm sure he'll get a lot of use out of gift knee pads Putin sent
You didn't win "big" - you didn't get as many as Obama did!  How does that make you feel?  SMALL in comparison?

Who effing cares? The election is over. Stop with the sore winner act and start preparing for your new job!
everytime you post a comment like this it just shows the people how #pathetic u really are. Just can't let the pop. Vote go
