The big shock was listening to Comey describe how he copied GOV Docs, dropped them off to a college professor as if it was nothing unusual!!
Hyperbole much? It was his own notes Not government docs nor classified. A private citizen releasing his notes is not a leak or a crime.
He wrote it while employed as the FBI Director, he used it to record the POTUS, it belongs to the FBI, not the New York Times...
Where'd your legal degree come from? @foxandfriends ? Check the FACTS and not what you hear from #crookedtrumps and his #crooked lawyer.
It's called comey testimony "TRUMP never under investigation and no Russian collusion whatsoever" so do u even FACT CHECK bruh.
In fact, if you listened to his testimony, he insinuates tRump was not under investigation, but that he is now. By Mueller.
They don't actually listen to the testimony, just listen to what @foxandfriends says and take it for gospel. Sad.
Funny!
I think you're funny
#fakeodds
Stop wasting our time!!  we have work to do! #MAGA 
OMG! I thought for a second you were Tom Cruise. Wow, I was almost fooled!

That's the best thing I've ever herd that clown say!!!!
When will the POS,obama "leftover" backstabbers,those still in "THE SWAMP",be thrown out! Trump NEEDS to CLEAN HIS "HOUSE"!We're in June!
Says the chump who thought Al Capone had left valuables in a basement.
Well if Geraldo says so.....
Let us not forget Geraldo's Al Capone Vault escapade. Enough said.
Or him giving away American troop positions in the 2003 Iraq War 
Oh, yes. I had forgotten this one. Good call.
My mom told me that back in the 70's you were a serious and respected investigative journalist. What happened to your integrity?
$$$ it's big cash to be a driver on the alt right train into nowhere and sell bullshit all day.
If you are trying to unite the country, don't retweet FOX.
Okay. That's great. BTW, can we see ur tax returns?
Before Geraldo opened it on live television, what percentage chance was there that Al Capone's vault was totally empty?
 forgot to take your pills?
And you expect intelligent people to believe Geraldo Rivera? Really??? You must be delusional.
The fact that your weak ass retweeted this...
Because Geraldo is such a reliable source of information
Would you like fries with your nothing burger Mr Schumer?
Yeah because if Geraldo said so then........ lol gimme a break
You did something wrong.
His parents did prob. All of their parents...
But his picture makes him seem like a super cool guy.
baked Alaska does not do research. It is all right there in print and videos.  Trump will lie under oath, baked Alaska will mk excuses.

Well,...supposedly he, (Geraldo), had a brain at one time.
;o)
Carry on.
There was NEVER a doubt from @realDonaldTrump supporters that he did anything wrong. He's a good, decent man who loves America. Period.
PS: Thanks corrupt CNN + liberal media & lying democrats. You just secured a 2nd term for @realDonaldTrump - he will be POTUS until Jan 2025
No.  No they didn't.
Lol, did they say trump would have a 2nd term? Someone isn't paying attention...
oh really?? remember its up to everyone in the united states not just the people who hate him
Yes & his approval ratings amongst the ppl who originally voted for him are down. Let's be real, he's doing an awful job so far.
lets be real nobody is giving him a chance to do anything
Odd to say that with a Repub majority congress, conservative SCOTUS, & majority Repub. governors. Who, exactly, isn't giving Trump a chance?
@RealDonaldTrump Geraldo was 100% sure the Capone vault was full of cash. Comey is on solid legal ground, but Donny stands in rising water.
Missing some numbers 01 in front of 3 013% and 10 in front of 0% 100%
Who is that guy with a funky mustache? 
Speaking of funky, your hair is turning orange again, Donny.
The truth will always win. God bless President Trump! 
Geraldo go back to praying vaults,you always come up empty in everthing you do
And everyone believes Geraldo....
RT @foxandfriends: .@GeraldoRivera: Chances of impeachment went from 3% to 0% with Comey's testimony https://t.co/kfeXKd...
About as reliable as opening Al Capones vault ...
Now that's fake news !
You could find goats with more integrity than Geraldo
Geraldo, really, Geraldo Rivera. Buttercup you shouldn't be betting your future on what Geraldo Rivera says.
@realDonaldTrump @GeraldoRivera @POTUS ONLY according to Fox. EVERYONE ELSE says impeachment is near certain!! Best get ready
There was never a chance of impeachment- that is a democrat fantasy that is just proof of how unhinged democrats are!
Time to conclude the special counsel and all investigations!! The gig is up. It's time to make Congress actually work instead of grandstand.
Right. We should end all investigations and turn a blind eye on the administration and all the interactions they "forgot about."
If he's such an awesome leader how did everyone on his team having meetings with Russia get passed him?
OMG again with Russia. Let me guess you watch Maddow?  Russia was never an issue until HRC lost so the narrative began it couldn't be her.
Yikes! LOL these ppl have admitted to having these meetings that they didn't disclose on federal forms!  wow
I heard Sessions was hiding under Maxine Waters wig last week when they were in session so he could spy in the hearings. Did you hear that?
AH, got it. You're jealous of powerful women who are actually doing things with their lives so you feel you gotta knock them on their looks?
No!!! I have a very successful career hence why I don't identify myself here. I can't because it is protected. I have zero jealousy of her.
You're citing Geraldo Rivera...? 

...in real life?
Trump impeachment calls surge with president facing the ‘most serious scandal’ in U.S. history
Trump's impeachment odds were just upgraded following a rush of bets in the wake of Comey's testimony
Legal experts say Comey boosted case for obstruction charges against Trump
https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/35888871/comey-boosted-case-for-obstruction-charges-against-trump-legal-experts/?cmp=st …
Yes, this has been a total fiasco and a waste of taxpayers money.

It's not going to stop !!!
It's a smokescreen by MSM to take focus off Ovama and Clinton
Don't forget Area 52 and Ted Cruz's father on the grassy knoll! Thank God for @potus and the mikes (pence and Flynn) #MAGA
I was being sarcastic. It's scary I have to explain that... #nutjobs #notmypresident #liar #cheat #fool #wheresmelania
No explanation needed yes I understand 
Banner picture what is symbol before not my president
@POTUS The book makes Comey look like a total loon. Unprofessional, fanciful, jealous.  Who cares if Trump is egotistical (like most politicians), expects loyalty, or is transactional (businessman, hello)?  Tan lines, hands, tie- Comey sounds insane and with no self-awareness.
bs
The Main Street media is looking foolish after Comey testimony... They are so focused on hate and misinformation, they still don't get it!!!
Get me the president review my profile not going to stop to get me my help
Lol
I'm not going to stop to get me my help the mother of my kids Araceli Aviles is mistreating my children and doing drugs around them.
Review my profile on Facebook what you see is not a lie. I need help getting a hold of the president. I'm not going to stop.
@realDonaldTrump @GeraldoRivera If Geraldo said it, it MUST be true! Buah a hahaha, you're a joke. #CryBabyPrez
The Dems opened a can of worms, Trump not guilty of anything but Lynch and Comey will not get off so lucky. The coming news will upset libs.
Rivera, the man who continues to live off one very good exposé years ago, to now simply stubble through any intellectual process. Fake News.

Timochenko the biggest Colombian narcobioterrist, is traveling to Oslo.What's the US waiting to capture & arrest the largest cartel leader?
ARE YOU PEOPLE THAT BLIND AND DEAF
How many boots on the ground dealing with conditions in global refugee camps?
Donald... you getting worried?  You should be.  Just resign.
Do you watch anything other than FOX? Broaden your horizons-watch PBS for a change.
What You're Doing Up 4.30 In The Morning. Can't Sleep? Guilty Concious Can Do That To A Person, But Seeing You Have Not Much Left Is Scary 4
Isn't this the guy who opened an empty vault? Again he has NOTHING! FOX PROPAGANDA AT ITS FINEST! Real news everywhere else
A chances of impeachment tweet from the POTUS.
Keep telling yourself that. Obstruction of justice IS a crime.
@GeraldoRivera?! This is the idiot who drew a sand table of American battle positions while we were at war in Iraq! #NotBright
Gingrich is just like Dumbald Trump. He likes someone when they R 4 Trump and despises them when against Trump, lol
Oh look, it's the reporter who was FIRED from ABC "real" news.  Poor daddy's boy Don.  Doesn't know his history - AGAIN!
@realDonaldTrump @GeraldoRivera all of these idiots talking about shit they don't know about. Do us a favor and go home.
Haha! Seriously? Geraldo?
A bit premature to make that call, @GeraldoRivera But nice try. Did 45 have his loyalty talk with you, too? #InTrumpsPocket
Is that the new math?...
Fire Mueller NOW!
Geraldo who?
Your campaign slogan should've been #MakeAmericaHATEAgain
Do you need Twitter to Vindicate you
Quoting Geraldo Rivera... I didn't think you could go that low 
Oops, Fox, you have a typo there- "impeachment" should be "innocence"
Really, HerendoRevolver? You are as clueless now as you were with Capone's vault.
"Oh, what a tangled web we weave...when first we practice to deceive."
Sir Walter Scott.
Geraldo Rivera??  Actually, Donnie...
Is this like the time you said not to believe any of the "crap" being written about #RogerAiles?
Yeah right! I think the movement was in the other direction and quite a bit north of 0.
The mustache has spoken and the Holy One is exonerated. #FollowersOfHim #MAGAmen
Obama-Ex-privilege-Holder-Guns-contempt AG!Obama WH=Chicago thugsMedia-won't talk abt Lynch!Y bc they lead D narrativeDept releaseFOIA
Now Mr. President...fire Mueller
and what was in that safe Geraldo?
Wrong!
Geraldo Rivera is a nobody, everyone from Fox and friends are nobody's...fake news, fake news!
Maybe little Trumpiepoo should look up the definition of "leak."  Not the golden type, of course, we know you're all over that one.
Ya, there's a credible source that has carried a lot of weight historically. Clown shoes. 
Welll

Says the man who uncovered Al Capone's vault and got lost 300 miles away in the "fog of war" in Afghanistan. #ImpeachTrump
Hilarious...Geraldo looks like a cartoon character too.
Man, I wanna live in your fantasy world where reality doesn't matter!
Praise God 
He "LEAKED" his own memos/notes.Nothing classified.  45 did not exercise Executive Privilege during their conversation.  Idiots smdh
If the president says there is none the deep state will leak to the press one of their fabrication and accuse the president of lying under
Gawd, I thought Geraldo Rivera was dead. Apparently, he still is
Trump: I hope you say good things about me every time.   & Friends: Yes, Sir!
This from the guy famous for literally digging through a dead man's garbage.
And Tech Stocks (who want global jobs & view Trump the enemy), including $AMZN, went down 3 % next day. Macy's (local jobs) $M up 3 %
We ,the people who love America,already knew this
SESSIONs will make it 4 lies tomorrow.  What has he to lose. You see no connection with Russia and campaign?  Really?  Not really reporters?
Geraldo is an expert isn't he? 
LOL, nope. 2:3 odds are being bet on impeachment. Are you all dense.
Sounds like Al Capones Vault @GeraldoRivera - that was a waste of TV time as well.
Typo here.  Should read, 'chances of impeachment went from 3% to 10% .......'
3% to 0%? Sounds like Geraldo's credibility numbers.
Because you know how close you are to impeachment?
Nothing coming out of the Left will be believable again. They've tried and tried and now they have nation wide EGG on their face
When was it 3%? Last time I looked, it was 45%...
@realDonaldTrump @GeraldoRivera #Fakenews. #ImpeachTrump
Geraldo, really?  What a joke.
Talk about fake news!
Liberals are hanging themselves. Give them all some rope.
Geraldo - the nation's first choice for facts.  Jesus, what have we become?
I actually meant to add 10 in front of the  0% chance of impeachment not 5
Fake News .....stop watching this comedy channel and get to work fool....
Nooo it has increased. fox news is fake
Too bad no new lawyers will work for you.  Maybe those days of stiffing people are coming back to haunt you. You're fired
So if that was really true why did Mueller just hire all this professionals? Ha GOP cracks me up. Saying words don't make them true! Idiots
You guys don't realize how ridiculous you look. You are the last pile of sand above water for this Administration.
Abuse of power and obstruction of Justice. Impeachment still not out of question
World peace? Improving job #'s in US? Fighting poverty? Health care? Nope. Trump retweets Fox News report about his chances of impeachment!
Wtf dude. Don't re tweet anything with impeachment in it. Swear to god, Im convinced you were never good at anything.
Geraldo has no more credibility now than he did when he opened Capone's empty vault.  Now he's just shilling for an empty president.
Even though he vividly described obstruction? How do you figure, sports fan?
Hiraldo you are as sick as trump is then! OMGosh America wake up!
Never was any impeachment available for Dems ridiculous accusations. Just a ploy to drum up campaign money
The original fake news, Fox. Too early to call impeachment either way
Dafuq testimony were you watching? Was it like Meatwad and the superbowl??
Looks like Geraldo and his ignorant FoxandFriends can't get a handle on another issue. Didn't understand Comey testimony. #GeraldoIsALoser
He would not know the truth if it bit him in the ass !
Impeachment is nearly impossible anyway;Look what Obama done and congress sit on there hams an did nothing to that Constitutional trashier.
Dream on.
Thought Rivera was trapped/stayed in the 90s don't really care what he has to say! Didn't like him then/don't like him now! Um,lame@FoxNews
WRONG @realDonaldTrump
And of course that ass has never been correct yet, but by all means hang your hat (or hair) on that fool. All you got fool is LIE, Major Lie
Ha, Geraldo has been a joke for decades. Glad Fox picked him up.
