Pleas don't come back
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday....
Hahaha, he spelt Poundland wrong @realDonaldTrump @Poundland
Bonsoir
Look at the den of vipers. There not so open minded or inclusive. TRIGGERED!!!
Impeach Trump 2017
Thank you. May the Lord fill you with wise wisdom! Go with God! We are very proud of you. 
On the 17 agencies YOUR Director of National Security told reporters this number. You liar.
And they still had to retract it
Because they are not fake news...
Also the current DNS wasn't appointed by Trump
The DNI was and that is who said it. Ok go find someone else to bother the Kremlin is calling you.
And he was wrong. Shame on him.
Who cares not many
Spending more of the money you're taking from others to pay for our military  planes to fly next to you!  Better hope pilot isn't drunk. Ha!
sad that you came back
Go Poland! Stop the terrible trend to Muslim. Islam wants to end all other religions. That not inclusion but eradication.
pop over to wales for a pint always welcome here trump
Text when you land
It's pity you came back.
Bad meme
Talk then. What time you get in? All okay for golf Tuesday? Brad joining us, hope that's okay.
You already been to Poland but your tweets are not
Baigan
Please....DON'T RUSH BACK!!!
Praying for you all
May u go and return in peace
We didn't ask you.
German fake media makes you bad, daily...
Have a safe trip Mr President
Don't hurry back.  In fact, stay as long as you like.
Safe trip
Don't hurry back.
How does it feel to be so hated?
Put chump in jail
Uh, yeah. We know. Have fun. Don't forget to come back.
Your going to fail again, and again and again
Enjoy the travels Mr. Best President ever!
 this is what i think of u nothing but a joke
Was al Bundy crying for his erection or his dinner when Nick died
God Bless, and safe return Mr President
My ancestors are from Poland and Germany 
Thanks for the itinerary .. I was so worried
Mr President... What is our fate with the issue of North Korea?
The stage exit is usually on the right. Your limo is the one with the presidential seal on it. Just trying to help. #25thAmendmentNow
Stay there we don't want you back.
Hope your plane went down.
So proud to be an American. You are doing a great job as #potus. I'm so glad you won. #USA
Stay safe
Have safe travels & do us a favor just dont even come back. Send us a postcard that'll be enough
I hope you had a good trip Mr President. I am truly happy the God made Tweeting. LOL

Please don't come back.
Comrade trump Germany does not respect you, you have discredited America you made America a joke.
加油
Go away again and don't come back
hewas on his way back to the US,leaving the other members of the G20 disgruntled and defiant, but almost certainly glad he was out of there
No one was reading cheering for you.  And the place u gave ur speech was the smallest crowd any Pres has received.
What's funny u told Poland u would only go if they had a big crowd to cheer for you so they paid $10 to people and bused them in.
Safe trip was wished for you all, I was just late in texting it. You were great in Poland.
http://www.adyou.me/V3xL 
@realDonaldTrump the USA always lends a hand to those in need without strings attached!
Buzzy man
总统好帅
Don't bother !
Can you please stay over there until the end of your term?
Write if you get work.
We'll keep our fingers crossed that the country will manage without you.
Actually, it would have been okay if you had taken up residence on the other side of "the pond". You would not have been missed!
Glad your trip was a success
Vi8(
Ok. Give me a call when you get back to the White House so I know you got home safe.
Please stay there.
Thanks for the update bae
dress like a pimp for the fuher
Go with god
Took me a while to notice, but, wow, you managed to misspell G20.
Okay dad

Don't come back. Nobody misses you. #stayaway #LiarInChief #NotMyPresident Better off without you dissing our free press. #FreePress

Be Careful Mr. President there is a lot of evil out there. God Bless you
@realDonaldTrump take your time. We are fine here without you.
The next stop on your embarrassing America tour
And by back you mean at one of your resorts to play more golf. #MoreGolfThanObama.
why don't you just stay in Russia we hate you and do not want you back, #FakePresident
D@#n!!!! I hoped you were gone for good!
All libs rednosed, due to prozak snorting, keep travel discussions private let em overdose.
That's ok - feel free to stay there.
We are really in no hurry back here.  Why don't you just take an xtra day and golf?
What means G-20?
That's something good for we. 
says yeah
today we miss you!!
Stop with the threats.
Please, get lost......
Why would anyone want him back?
Please, stay away as long as you like. Don't come back.
God save Poland - and Invador Trump. They fit together - despite  history. Trump's afraid of united EU- because Size doesn't matter always
@realdonaldtrump Why don't you just stay in Poland. You aren't helping us here in the U.S.A.
Please continue on to Mars.
Nah stay.
WOW
Loved it!!!
No need to hurry back...take your time!
DON'T COME BACK!!!!
Don't come back. Just get a flight to Moscow and stay there with your friends. They like you. We don't. Do us all a favor.
What's it like sneaking into places to avoid protesters?  Beautiful protesters, the best protesters?
Has anyone explained to you what the G20 is?  Hope they put it in a picture book for you.
Don't hurry back.
Take your time, don't hurry back. Most Americans would be happy to never see you again.
Thanks for the Warning
Please don't come back. Oh wait, you can't even find your own limo.  Go back to Russia with your boyfriend.
I don't have a snow globe from Germany so if you could pick one up for me that would be super bigly just make sure it's in your checked bag!
Have some fun as Germany is so pretty!
No need to rush back

Safe travels Mr. President. God be with you.
Take your time.  Your golf courses are doing fine while you're gone.
Don't hurry back.
You are a one term President.
I won't hold my breath.
Don't bother!
Safe travels, sir!
Don't let the door hit you in the ass.  Tweet when you find work.  Try not to kiss Putin's ass too much while you boys chat.
don't come back comrade, we don't want you.
Please don't come back to US. We are better without you

#npr #cnn #wsj #HuffPostPol #nyt #WaPo #AP_Politics #foxnews #BBCnews #msnbc
Our prayers go with you President Trump! You are our hero and voice of the people! May God give you wisdom as you lead the America!
That's fine
Please feel free to never come back
Please don't come back!
Isn't that nice?  He truly reports to the people he serves!
What stamina.  We appreciate you, President. Trump!  You are the most amazing leader  America has ever had,
Don't hurry back. Stay a little longer.
I'm glad you will be back in the U.S. on Saturday, but you will be coming back to the SWAMP.  The Swamp Monsters are still lurking there!
Who cares
Don't come back.
Which of your golf courses will you visit then?
Prayers for safe travels for you and @FLOTUS!  God bless you and your family, Mr. President!
Please don't come back.
Please don't come back. Most of America detest you,
Please don't hurry back.
Please just stay there...just stay
The great asfAAzsaWwwweaaWEA xvcvixiuhxificihihiiciicichihciiis
Have a safe trip!
Since Fox is REAL NEWS, post trump's Russian Trip talking paper that is only "1 line bullets" cause he can't read and needs cartoon graphics
Can you go to Zimbabwe instead?  You have a nut job friend just like you down there
If Germany acts up, I say remove some of our military bases.
Don't bother...
He's a tool! I'm sure he's discussing creepy stuff with #DaddyPutin! He's a puppet! @KellyannePolls & @SarahHuckabee are creepy also!
You're back on Saturday. Is that a promise or a threat?
Travel safe sir
Go to hill
Welcome to Germany.
I am sorry for what happend until now in Hamburg. The riots are such a shame for   Germany.
God Bless you Mr. President!! His power and Angel's light will protect and guide you 
We already know. You're the president. Your location and itinerary is always reported to us by the #FakeNews.
we had one. You destroyed it. You're on your own, now.
Too bad your office didn't confirm accommodations.  NOT Obama - but YOU.
Wish you all the best Mr President go well.
Mr. President; travel safe and defend the honor of AMERICA
Yea have fun sleeping on the couches hahahahaha
You got this go put th USA  first
And the golf course on sunday
That's okay. We're good.
