No tax returns=No tax reform
It is so cute that u actually think your tax plan is actually reform and not the F you received on your Econ 101 final
With all due respect Mr. Prez, if your tax plan maintains the current differences in earned income and capital gains it's not going to do...
And, FYI, it’s not a building permit. POTUS doesn’t just submit specs,etc. for the tax plan he wants to “build” to Congress for “approval.”
I believe there is, currently, no actual bill, a bill doesn’t exist for congress to “approve”or not “approve.”
https://youtu.be/X_xN0u2d7AI  proof trump talks about sovereignty carrer politicans overlayed on vid talking about their plan for usa  CREEPY
Este asunto es importante. Tendrá repercusión para bien en Norteamérica y El mundo
You only care for fake people like you, the wealthy
ELD is killing our industry, is killing the small owner operators and fleets. Please review this. Nobody asked us about this!!!
...for you to, once and for all, define "Middle Class".
...any good.  Not to mention the differences in mortage interest deductions and charitable contributions.  Also, some of us would like...
Tax cut for the rich, so pls congress move fast to make you richer but act slower on the major issues.  So slimy.
I sure pray you make this happen Chief - you have millions of Trump loyalists praying for you! Sure hope you keep building your team! 
you misspelled comrade
When are you going to give seniors a decent Cost Of Living?. $3-$5 a month is a disgrace. Not caring about elders. Shame
sorry I do not think it will go anywhere because we still have Mitch McConnell and paul @PRyan ; sad really sad how those two have messed up your agenda Mr @POTUS
What are the plans to make Congress move on our part? What are the plans to intervene bribes so they will do something?
Mr President, please, look into the trucking industry. Owner operators are suffering this new regulations. ATA does not represent us!!
this guy doesn’t understand how anything works, he has tiny hands as well as tiny brain...
Get it done
Shove it
Grande Donald ti ammiro molto e non mollare perche' i comunisti di tutto il mondo ti faranno la guerra e sempre in modo sporco subdolo.
Thank you so much for all you do to make America Great Again President Donald J.. Trump,  Thank you!
Lordy
Hallelujah!
Start doing your campaign promises. Stop listening to the GOP and listen to We The People!
Tax cut for who don.  Or is working folk. You're all a bunch of arrogant bastards. Politicians in general.
Man, Trump through America under the bus and is talking about disrespecting the American flag. Listen to TRUMP about Putin and AMERICA
Talk about patriotism, listen to DONALD TRUMP describing how GREAT AMERICA IS, A COMPLETE Hypocrite,No black person spoke about this countr
Oh and increasing spending but cutting revenue is bad idea. Be like going bankrupt.  But you know all about that and never learn
Maybe they should not be paid. That would serve the people
If you can’t get healthcare after three tries, what makes you think tax cuts will get anywhere. Very dysfunctional GOP and President. Loser!
Canada has an economic growth rate of 4.5%. You seem to behind our northern neighbor'srate. You are an empty suit. Big hat, no cattle.
Congress has too many insiders hiding in the corners.
Blah
Not sure that congress is capable of getting it right anymore,
this seems like a good time to remind you that congress works for US not for you. Should have learned this by 3rd grade man

You don't care about anyone but you, we have seen the way you throw people under the bus like they are dirt on the bottom of your feet
For the rich? You don't care about the poor or middle class

The more disrespect I see directed toward my president, makes me love him and support him even more.
We’re just showing him the same respect you showed #presidentobama 
down with the wall, down with health care and down with infrastructure redevelopment ..
NO MORE TAX BREAKS 4 poor rich people and businesses. There's no such thing as trickle down economics. The rest of us just get pissed on.
Thank you President Trump for starting to bringing back the United Stated of America that I love especially for my children!!
You know chump u can see better if you take your head out of David dukes lap and brush your teeth before you kiss any kids
I'll wait
Congress and senate do your job or give up your health care and get on Obama care like the rest of us!!!!!
Go Trump!  Feinstein has almost destroyed CA by not approving this in the now.
Over the backs of who? Don't talk about tax cuts, till you balance the budget! The middle class is dead thanks to the republican party!
Thank you Mr President. ! Us folks in south miss are paying high taxes .
Mr. President, I am praying your tax reform bill includes private individuals seriously impacted by the DOL Fiduciary rule, we need you too!
That's great news! Go Trump!
Liar
Yes
"move fast" or "dont read - just sign"??

pre-existing condition coverage need to be protected.. not arbitrarily decided..
Hope you get all the tax cuts and reforms you are proposing for the American people & congrats on the new grandchild
And give me an my billionaire friends more tax cuts at the expense of the middle class!
Goodness yall! Stay on topic back and fourth who hates trump , who like trump. No one cares who you like or hate.
Mr. President, How will this benefit the middle class?
You can't even tell us what the plan is you probably don't even care what the plan is go home resign now
Great!!!@!
Small business need these tax cuts, Get on the ball Senate & House. If we get them businesses will move forward next year for economy.
Move fast for who? You and other millionaires?!!!! No thanks.
hope it works but can't trust congress to help, to many dems.
Lowest in the World would be ideal. But 15% or Lower is great!
Yea Right !
Yes tax cut's,tax Reform on the backs of poor and med. class.Taking away Obamacare and putting 20+million without healthcare. Rich will win.
Tax cuts for businesses but nothing for the middle class you lying sack of dung!!!
They don't want America ppl to prosper they want to keep them dependent on them you know JOB SECURITY 
Some day - probably when it is too late - you will learn how government works. Good luck with that Donny Boy! @POTUS lost in the Jungle.
IRS fines imposed on US citizens for "overpaying"  taxes is a scam. US tax laws very complicated and IRS knows this.  IRS making things up.
IRS needs to be overhauled. Since Lois Lerner not  prosecuted for her crimes, IRS now emboldened & fining citizens for "overpaying" taxes.
U the man  America was waiting for
I don't trust people that need protection from the sun   lol
Yea the republicans are desperate to give the 1% that tax cut that they promised.  More tax cuts for the rich!
Plz revolutionise the sales tax also !!
I wish for success!  Take your timer and move smart,  Congress!
tHumps tax plan is to make the rich richer. #STOPTRUMP
Thats great, can I get my 2016 taxes now please?
To cut taxes you must drain the swamp. Support Moore and dump old guard Strange
Do away with income tax.
President Trump how are people who have no choice but to live on disability,  how are they going to survive on 787.00 a month.Please help

Nancy Pelosi is outnumbered by unhappy DACA immigrants- watch the chaos below  
Bwahahahaha Bwahahahaha
How about healthcare for all instead of tax breaks for the rich? @realDonaldTrump looks out for his billionaire friends, not for Americans
"Move fast" and "Congress" do not work in the same sentence.
Isn't it your job to guide Congress? Not just to say "mush" and let the sled go wherever? What's your plan?
"W"
Unless the tax cut EXCLUDES anyone above lower middle class, then keep the package to yourself. It's the lower class people who need the cut
Hooray loads of tax cuts for your rich friends. Keep it away from those nasty poor people who don't understand what you are doing to them!!
Hurry up congress.. his rich buddies need to get richer.
Republicans--make as proud for once! Hope u remember why we sent you to the swamp in the 1st place-(Not to sit on a log & bask in power!)
Mr. President your job would be simple, if their weren't so many Democrats & republicans Named "Brutus"
Quickly. The adverb is "quickly". However, I do agree that the "fast Congress" should move... far away. We want a well-considered Congress.
Oh dear, if they don't approve it there will be war!!!  I shouldn't be paying 32%!!!
Good...@ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
Right
Stop thief! @realDonaldTrump reais going to steal our country. Arrest this dictator before it's too late
Would LOVE to read entire proposed tax reform for possible valuable input from American citizens.  I think we have a right-to-know.
Across the Board Standard Deduction Increase will not work for home owning senior/disabled. We need those itemized deductions to survive tax
Fedl taxes states taxes city taxes sales taxes property taxes govt fees 
When all totaled it's close to 75% of my little income
I can fix it
PLS don't forget SENIORS/DISABLED homeowners itemizing tax deductions saving US tons of federal $ MEDICARE/MEDICAID not using nursing homes.
Yeah, tax cut... for YOU!! #FakePresident 
You forgot to include, "... before America discovers just how badly we're gonna screw them." #FixedItForYou.
lwhen Please let Please let us
The master of Americans greatest disaster is about Tobit the fan
Jerry Springer reality leadership family values goes to Washington! What could go wrong?
You're a business man. You surely know you cannot take in less money and output more services and aid without huge deficit.
Make the bill publicly available for 60 days for comments.  Read the comments, adjust per popopinion, the n repost for 15 days before voting
Tax cuts and huge spending cuts. Debt must be eliminated!
Please resign for the good of the world.
The Trump organization wants this tax cut more than anyone.  Someone needs to calculate the benefits to the Trump family.
The Trump Family already knows how they will benefit.  Hence no income tax returns released to "we the people ".
wel sir
just as long as you tax the heck out of those rich people and make them pay more and give the middel class and the poor a break.
#TaxReform #TaxReformWeek   Pig in a poke. 

Fair & open disclosure required before the bandwagon and vote.
If intent is to put tax preparer out of business - 
Best 1st step: let IRS pre-fill with data they already have.
Let me guess?? "mega "
They cant even show up for work.
Why always such a hurry - trying to slip it past us without examination of potential damage to us? Secrecy = Suspicion evil deeds to hide.
Don't you ever retire from "biggest" and "in the history" ? Covefe
More tax breaks for billionaires, trash for the rest of us.
We don't need tax cuts and tax reform, we need a minimum wage that is a living wage.
Usted es un supemacista y su odio es mas grande que que su corazon
He  such a ass hole
Thank GOD rich people will finally get a break in this country!
Trump PLEASE STOP your plan to make drastic budget cuts on domestic services such as Amtrak, health care and educational programs..
Actions. Not hype. The American People aren't some podunk little business you can shill to. Put your balls where your mouth is.. Prove it.
Tax cuts for who? The millionaires and billionaires? A lot of good that does the rest of us "less fortunate sons"
@realDonaldTrump - tax break will help you, your family and all your rich friends...
Why, so"we the people " won't know what hits us until it is to late????
It was too late in November.
well maybe its about time to think your politics over. Nobody wants war or hate. (korea / mexico)
Feel sorry for Americans. You are going to fuck them so badly they will hurt for decades to come. Tax plan takes from poor and give to rich
I'd rather Mueller move fast.
Trump = nuevo orden mundial
I hope you're able to save your family millions of dollars. Just make sure we in the middle class can at least save $100 a year!
#RESIGN
yes lets hurt working families and support the wealthy giving tax breaks to big business that'll help the population
Billionaires just win with his plan. Middleclass wont.
Tax cut for the upper 1% does not benefit America. Liar...Fake President...#ImpeachTrump
Nor will giving freebies to those too lazy to work.
Amen
If congress would work with you Great things would happen for our country and people.
President Trump you are a good man and want to do good for our country and the people if congress would work with you.
Dude, you are supposed to guide them. You put all the blame on them, but celebrate the "successes". Get dirty and get in there. #DoTheWork!
cut any spending outside of our country. raise tax on income of 100,000+

I just heard that taxes will likely INCREASE for those making $150k annually.  If so, not good. Make cuts across the board!
Love how you put it together. Move fast congress.
UNFORTABLE FACT, FIRST WERE AMERICANS AND AFTER THE A MONKEY APPEARED
Tax cuts for the wealthy. Of the ppl by the ppl for the ppl. Something I believed in with Obama but no longer has meaning in the Trump era
For the rich,perhaps. Not us
Again who will pay off the national debt.  The low income earners will while Corporations & Rich like POTUS will pay less or none at all
Trump will never be impeached..get use to it.
He'd here for 8
As long as many tax loopholes get closed. Especially on companies that have more than 50% of their assets elsewhere. Protect America too.
Tax break for you and your wall street buddies doesn't do shit for working americans! We have already seen trickle down economics from regan
You will not be allowed to take more from the poor to make the rich richer. You will fail. Your followers will see you for the lying fraud.
donald duck trump the rapist
Blah you are useless go home resign now
