
Fuck our representative democracy right?
Campaign Trump: I alone can fix it.

President Trump: I'm powerless and it's the GOP's fault.
Campaign obama we can fix everything.   President obama: it’s all bushes fault.
You're joking right? Trump literally campaigned on fixing every problem he could think of and has been blaming Obama and Hillary daily.
"Only I can fix it" was his mantra for a year. Months after the election he's still talking about Hillary and passing the buck to congress.
@HillaryClinton would have been the second worst president had she won. Obama by far will go down as the worst t will be hard to beat
Jim Jones wished he had cultists as unquestioning as you.
I am pretty sure you would fit right into his clan liberal sheeple
Back on this again huh?

#ImpeachTrump
Stop with the sentence enhancers.
Mueller getting closer?
You seem nervous.
@SenMajLdr ... Change the damn rules and get some legislation passed or step aside and let someone else with the guts and fortitude do it...
#democracy @POTUS foe is democracy
@POTUS NOT WILLING TO WORK WITH BOTH @THEDEMOCRATS & @GOP ON #HEALTHCARE OR #DACA.

#TRUMP ONLY WILLING IF #DEMS MOVE #DEBTCEILING FOR HIM.
Please don't tweet the words "Death wish". Not in any context. From rational person it's fine, but......
Should have gotten more seats then.
@TrumpTweets45 Stay strong Mr President!!We love you!!#USA
Bot
Make go to 51. MAGA
Yeah so make deals with POS Dems and push the liberal agenda. And the Trump cult says yay. I KNEW you were still a democrat.
I hope you had a plan with the debt ceiling deal which will help pass the tax reform. But I wouldn't hold my breath. Dems love taxes
Sad part is you only need 50 votes, and you couldn't even get that. Filibuster has nothing to do with it. #LoserDonald #Bernie2020
It's there so people would compromise.
You don't need to repeal and replace..JUST REPEAL. Let our free market regulate the industry! People HAVE TO buy before they need it!!
That's why you compromise and find middle ground on things. So things get passed and everyone walks away moderately happy.
Their only mission is to destroy you and all the good you're trying to do, hang in there my president
Where did you NOT learn how to construct a proper sentence? Grammar & sentence structure STINKS!
Dummy!
Dump mitch
Dump Trump

If you knew what "great legislation" was, you'd know that if it's truly great, both parties would support it
Dear Lord, we pray for the demise of orange Trump Hitler!
You are correct the Dems will never give in or compromise with the Repub. Time to get the rules change so we can get on with agenda.
Yeah, lets change the way we have done business for a long time just to please you. This and the regulations you are killing have reasons.
Legislation should only be passed if it's worth passing. Not because one wills it to be. We deserve better than just serving your legacy.
Did they died?
60 votes, 51 votes, shouldn't matter if you were the master deal maker you claim to be. Make an attempt to work across the aisle.
Hi Donald when will you start WWIII?
What in the world??? Lyin' Don must have failed arithmetic. A Rep majority of 52 is greater than 8(or 48) Dems. Republicans own the Senate!!
A Kumbaya moment will let the Nuclear Option work, not with the budget though. Everything else is like a super majority Make  it Happen GOP.
For the love of God and America, read the fucking constitution!!  Or resign, that works too
The 60 vote Cloture rule is not in the constitution. It's a senatorial procedure.
Yeah. Shame the constitution doesn't put all the power in the hands of the few.
Don't give Trump any ideas!
If you ever get some great legislation, maybe it will get passed. Your desperate attempt at anything to slap your name on healthcare wasn't
Stop trying to change the rules to force your agenda & try collaboration & compromise. You are a terrible leader full of selfish bad advice
You are insane DonnyJohn. Insane. God help us
Why don't you try to work on a great infrastructure plan? The Democrats have already indicated they would support fixing infrastructure.
Republicans have lost their way and their courage. Must've never had it to begin with. Vote McCain, McConnell, Graham and Ryan out.
The Republicans have never been able to write good legislation without the Democrats. The Democrats listen to the American people, are more in tune with the Country. The Tax Reform Bill is an example.  The Democrats who would have benefited still VOTED NO. BALANCE
It was a mistake to allow health care to become a profit racket. Please start with repealing this act of Nixon's. http://investmentwatchblog.com/did-you-know-that-before-1973-it-was-illegal-in-the-us-to-profit-off-of-health-care-the-health-maintenance-organization-act-of-1973-passed-by-nixon-changed-everything/ …
It's a racket alright.  Here's how much the CEO's of Health Insurance Companies make:
It's disgusting and they're raising everybody's premiums just to do it. Healthcare should be ran by non-profit orgs just like they used to.
You're a fool
We need to get votes in for R in.
Careful, now. You don't want to start spreading around the idea that a popular majority should decide political outcomes.
Does NOT represent every state in US...only people in PATHETIC bankrupt liberal run California and NY.
Funny, trumpster fire is from "bankrupt liberal NY" And he used to be a Democrat. And a huge supporter of Bill and Hillary Clinton.
So you are a Democrat now?
That's how I read it too....dudes insane
He used to be a Dem.  He's changed parties like 5 times. He's off the wall.
Trump you are Toxic to the American people and the Country. Undoubtedly the worst President ever. There must be another reason for you to work with the Democrats. The Tax Reform Bill, what reason was there not to work with the Democrats? Why behind closed doors? Secretive
...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is...
Sad
These are the rules, have been the rules, for good reasons.  One party isnt a healthy environment for Government, legislation requires both parties to have balance in the Government.
There's a hurricane bearing down on America right now. Maybe you should get off twitter, run down to Mar-a-lago & make sure everything's ok.
This president has done a great deal to help this country. Stop talking about him like he's trash.
No, it's how our government works.
You think our government had been working? That's hilarious
When did it stop working?
When Obama started invoking un-Constitutional Executive Orders.
Like a ban one religion
Which religion. Please don't come here to cry about Muslims religious rights when you won't fight for Christian or Catholics rights
Christians and catholics have all of the rights afforded everyone in this country.
Like Amy Barrett?
Irma about to rip through Florida & you're having a w/end whine again. Further proof you used the Reps to further your own agenda
Yes, it is, and the Republicans deserve a take down.
#not
That's why the senate is special.  Leave it alone and pay attention to your legislation.
Time to vote the dems out. Let start by setting up a good candidate in targeted areas work hard to get the rep in! Go Pres!!
No one can trust you
McConnell must be removed as Leader.  Other than tradition, there is no reason for 60 vote rule.  He is lost in the past.
That is why voters need to replace all those who voted against REPEAL and replacement of Obamacare and who vote against tax reform!
1. Can a President addicted to dishonesty, who is unable or unwilling to stop lying and ..
If it were a simple majority, I'd be tweeting Hilary.
...health-insurance shareholders. Maximum high-end insider trading. They should be arrested on the floors of both houses.
You really don't get how Congress works, do you? Bet you wish you had just stayed an overpaid, grade B reality show host...
Show some respect for a sitting President. Sore loser 
Now you know how Obama felt when Repubs wanted him to fail.
Like that never happenef
#LoisLearner #LOCKHERUP https://twitter.com/pnehlen/status/906344809371246592 …
Please govern in a NONPARTISAN way. Many of your supporters do not want you to give the keys to the kingdom to the Republican party.
I think you might be a whining loser #trumpthewhiningloser
It's called bipartisanship you dolt. Anything less is a dictatorship
Republicans cooking their own goose & they expect to raise $ from donors.  2018 election going to be disaster complements of establishment.
Seriously Mr. President we need to start our own party. Right now we have the DNC and the DNC2.0. Join The Tea Party!
I do not think his shriveled nuts will drop low enough to get in someone's mouth. Thus joining the T, will not work.for him
In fact many of the RINOSAURUSES should be removed as well as the Democrat mainstream.
They should call the mainstream Democrats JACKASS-SAURUSES
Hello
There is only one party Mr. President. It is the UNI-PARTY. A Party of Republicans N Democrats that serve only themselves and not the people
Pres, what is happening with the wall? What is happening with moving the embassy to Jerusalem?
This is exactly why nothing happens in the Senate.  This needs to be changed !
That's how it works. You probably should have read up on how the country runs before you took over.
Good
DJT messing around with nuclear weapons is a death wish.
Good one Donny! You're funny Sometimes you almost sound like you know what you're doing!
If u don't like what the people of USA voted in know what this country needs then go to Europe where terrorism is rampant leave POTUS alone
Who beats who doesn't seem reason to celabtate. A GREAT LEADER, STATESMAN, CITIZEN & POTUS would rather see both pull together and M.A.G.A.!
The excuse being old Senate rules of decorum by "The World's Greatest Deliberative Body", McConnell (Globalist Elite) thwarts Potus' MAGA.
,
If you make policy with the only the 51 in mind you'll always fail.
Donald if you think GOP is going to legislate away the filibuster, you're delusional
How about encouraging senators to work together to do something??
They pushed on voters the idea that he was a smart, wealthy business executive – that despite a record that included scores of lawsuits,
System has worked forever...why is now different? Senate is intended to intensively review the decisions of impulse leaders
@DuckStep43
No changing rules for liars and cheaters..YOU DONT GET TO SCREW US THAT WAY..YOU SHOULD WORRY ABOUT MUELLER
You're such a fucking gutless wonder. How you got elected shows a complete lack of intelligence by million #scaredoutofmymind #wtf
You warned them on Inauguration Day. Rinos want to play games. Now they will cooperating or, you will cut deals without them. Brilliant!!!
Mr. President,
The greatest,Most powerful and influencial Human being on Earth Or the Whole World.
My humble respact.
/What great legislation? We haven't seen any yet!
Kind of like the 70k that got you into office #putinsamerica

just bc you want to pass such bad legislation your party even has a probkem, dies not mean change rules.  It means
try something that doesn't hurt millions if Americans!  17 percent approval is not a win!
You should work with the Dems more as you did with the debt ceiling. The GOP is in disarray & can't govern.
Go take your meds Grandpa! You've no idea!

You are a really sick guy.  Why don't you retreat to your gilded home and leave the rest of America alone!  No one wants to hear u daily
change to rule
I agree!!!
DACA shame https://www.facebook.com/georgehtakei/videos/1176326812469260/ …
#StandWithTrump

COVER UP

Jr, Trump, Kushner, & Manafort desperate to cover up the #RussianLawyermeeting.…
@SenateMajLdr: #Democrats will vote FOR legislation that improves #Obamacare. Help Americans with their healthcare!
Idiot
Please get rid of Mitch as senate leader so you can drain the swamp

I think you're the death wish.
Republicans need to get off their ass
Never give them chance but people's are expecting more from you
Donald you are the Republican death wish.
Thanks you no more free education for Non American
You, for example - you're a real estate guy, so you can't recognize good legislation when you see it. The filibuster frustrates you, but...
That's not the way our government works. If it was that easy then @BarackObama would have been successful in mostly everything!
Good point  I'm accessing that. Now  perhaps the republican are drunk on brimstone ?
WTF ???? are you saying.
First, come up with one, just one piece of good legislation. Then try for great. So far it has been nothing but crap. You reap what you sew.
If it's great legislation, party shouldn't matter. You, the great negotiator, should be able to get everyone on board.
Why did DOJ let Lerner off? Why is Koskinen still IRS commish? Why no prosecution of HRC? Is this draining the swamp?
Note to Donald from SirReal Donald:

GREAT legislation
WILL PASS
with SUPPORT from Ds & Rs BOTH-
IF IT IS GREAT!

It WONT PASS, if its NOT
Work with Ds & Rs to get best laws to #MAGA.
Mr. President will you be so kind to wish my baby girl Happy Birthday? It would mean the world to her. Thank you! @MillennialFash
You aren't the sharpest tool in the shed. You only needed 51 for repeal & replace & you couldn't get that. Next you'll want rule by decree!
And if your legislation hopes are dashed in this scenario by a 51 against, what will you blame? Hopefully yourself #Unfit
I think you are at the top of the Republicans death wish list.
I can't believe that you pRESIDENT. We have stood up for others to emulate, you have taken us down, we are world wide shamed because of you.
Sick of both parties. I say FIRE them all!
Let me call the wambulance! 
Just make it a dictatorship where you just write executive orders for everything and no vote is needed.....oh wait....clown
No DECENT person or President, would spend so much time & energy pitting our parties against each other.NOT patriotic or the American way!
Sorry.
Impeach Trump!
Of hypocrites, who railroaded any Obama proposals to fool the voters, yet now that they are in control, the same things that they voted
DONALT ALWAYS YOU WILL TAKE CARE IN YOUR STUDENT AND CHILDREN AND THESE POOR PEOPLES BECAUSE STUDENT IS POWER OF WORLD COUNTRY POORETY ENEMY
I'm tired of people bashing ME PRESIDENT!!!!
We Dems have ALREADY trumped you, Trump. You've only repealed & replaced YOUR STAFF. Campaign promises BROKEN. WHERE ARE YOUR TAX RETURNS?
it's just like that time Harry conjured the fake patronus and it was all Voldemort's fault! #FAKEnews #TheQuibbler
Are we back there again?
I appreciate your honesty
It's called checks and balances #democracynot dictatorship
Guess you know how President Obama felt
I am not a democrat and even I know that the GOP takes from those that have less and give it to those that have much.
Change the system Mr President .. make changes to get things done!
do you know how to count
Bill Clinton was very successful with a GOP led congress. Stop promoting horrendous bills. It's really that simple.
wtf Donald
Silly Man- It's "your" party who is gumming up the works. You are a Bully who is upset u can't get your way. So we have 2 change rules for U
Too bad you don't realize how government works! Both parties are the SWAMP!!
Just love to see these people who have nothing better to do with their lives then to troll and hate. Does my heart good
You won't have 8 altogether left when we get through
Then republicans and demo rates should work together!! It should not be all or nothing!
I will pee on you!!!!
Give them Obama's health insurance! That'll open their eyes and make them want to fix things. Our new premium is $2800/mthfor my family of3
there must be a way to get the dems and repubs to work together?
Don't disagree Donnie, however jumping on w Dems instead of fighting to lift your party isn't leadership, it's grandstanding. Weak.
RESIST----STOP THIS BS.  Republicans like Grassley will vote for bad healthcare to avoid embarrassment.  VERY SAD. MORALLY BANKRUPT!
Please build border wall!!
Yes but I don't want #democrats to slam their corrupt disgusting bills through when they are in power. Have to be careful! 
Florida is boutto take a major hit
Wow 8 dems whupping all your asses?  Interesting and empowering.
News flash old man: you can't even get 51 votes. Because your legislation plans suck
Can't you lead like a real President?
Why are you on Twitter?   Go act like you know what you're doing.   Oh wait.....that's the problem isn't it?
If only you knew how to be a leader...
There you go again. Isn’t a deal that 60% agree on better than a deal that half the people hate? Just bring fair bills to the floor.
Wait..didn't you say you respect the rule of law therefore DACA must be deported? Well the rule of law is 60...RESPECT IT AND STOP WHINING
Just get out of office please
Crap Legislation is what the republicans are trying to pass
Sir. Please drain the lazy swamp.
It's just another example of your poor leadership.  You play the part of a victim very well.
Lots of practice.
Exploit, manipulate, connive, deceive, lie, cheat, bombast and slam: The Donald Trump Playbook in Eight Words
How are the democrats in control? The republicans are the majority. It's the defecting republicans that are you prob.
Again, whining about the filibuster-You lost by 3 million but don't think you should have to work with anyone who didn't vote game show host
Do your homework. Trump won majority of states all but California and N.Y. liberal states!
Guesdw what Delusional Donnie, powers of Congress & an independent judiciary are equal to yours, as a check on yr unbridled power!
SFU Loser
