We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. ...
Scheiß IS.
Your country unleashed this monster maybe it is time to clean up the mess you left behind instead of creating more of it..........
This "real business" is the product of a culture that is even lower than a amoeba.
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 28 Days, 3 Hours, 55 Minutes, and 12 Seconds
7 years. Typo there
I give it three months tops! He's in deep shit and knows it. I have your twitter handle I'll tweet you I told you so as soon as it happens!
hey remember this tweet lol
HypNoTic- this is Randy Terry. You told me You likes my tweet and followed me. Where’d You go Man? I didn’t Unfollow You.
No te pueden ver .Si vas te lápidan por corrupto
You tweet way too much
Thank you Mr. President! We love you - you is the man!
Remember when all the terrorist attacks under Obama were his fault?  Well now what??
Wrong 
Let's go to my place then you'll say differently
I do understand what you are trying to say but you must forgotten that.....

Here's that wall you were looking for Mr Trump! Solves the Mexican border problem, and Shut the greens up once and for all 
You just had to say that didn't you.
We all need walls  if we didn't have walls, you would be living with the neighbours lol well if no walls, no neighbours in the first place.
You're insane. Trump is a douchbag! 
Keep listening to that MSM of you have  nice little bubble lol
I really don't watch TV. These are my own observations. Deal with-it.
Well your common sense is off!!
Oh!!! Wait a minute, what's that? As if I even care lol
A President who tells it like it is @realDonaldTrump 

Americans appreciate honesty

#MAGA
In times like this i am very grateful to have @realDonaldTrump as my President
Terrorists or nothing But losers!
Finally a President who wants world peace @realDonaldTrump
This is a war! the rest of the world needs to start behaving accordingly. Fight for peace!
You idiot, he doesn't care about peace, he just sold $110bn worth of weapons to the Saudis, the No.1 state sponsor of terrorism
President Trump is 100% right.Countries should ban all migrants from terrorist hotspots until we know terrorists are NOT hidden amongst them
So, parents are to blame, too? Hope you don't have kids, Lucy. They grow into adults & sometimes have wildly different views on things.
What has that to do parents? I'm saying Trump is right banning terrorist hotspot countries, until they can be vetted properly.
Yes, but this guy was born in Manchester. How does vetting come into play?
Bomber went to Syria to join Isis, then travelled to Libya few days before bombing. He should NOT have been allowed back into UK!
I see your point.

I personally know some amazing Muslims, & know that this horror isn't what they desire, either. It's all so messed up.
You finally say something that means something!
We'd rather you didn't please
This is absolute crap. Lies. All lies.
Amen Mr Trump. UK rocks. Tough resilient people.
No thank you
President Trump, you need to purge your administration of ALL Obama holdovers in your admin.  That will be a good start to MAGA.
Haha, they don't trust you either..
You went to saudi arabia. This guys are one of the bigger funders of terrorists!!! And you know that. GONNA POP MY 
The Union Flag is upside down.
Mr President the sad thing is I am afraid it is going to take something like that to happen here at home to wake people like the Dems up
Why r media & governments so quick to name the group who claims a terrorist attack?!Why give them free publicity?!Just call them terrorists!
滚犊子
Trump Shirts 
----------------
The ALEX JONES Store
Ships world wide 
We Got a Couple and We Love Them .
Fast delivery in Canada Reg Mail
Thx 4 the picture. Now I know who originally made this quote.
Actions in terrorist attacks / shootings
https://vivlium.com/curso-sos-firearm-injuries-course-/4790/canal-saveonelife/ …

Actuaciones en atentados terroristas / tiroteos
https://vivlium.com/curso-sos-heridos-por-arma-de-fuego-curso-/4789/canal-salvaunavida/ …
Resign
Then stop fucking us over by starting new wars and not addressing income inequality in your country ffs. Wake up!
Thank you for protecting us!!
Class, dignity and honor!
We must stop #RadicalIslam. #ManchesterTerroristAttack
good morning i am here they are still harrassing me just being very coy about it!!
Sorry they were just showing love
Top Man, we should be sending SEALs to help the SAS kick RIF ass.
Yeah, you care about others so much
and we push some of them around? Hope I'm right about you and that shove out of the way was called for

as the flagpole is to the right, you actually have our flag upside down. Hardly surprising from you
lying
really? THEN STOP LEAKING INTEL!!!
When we stand, we don't give up our intelligence, you shouldn't either you cocktrumpet.
wow trump just great I LOVE YOU(:
Then stop leaking information and help them.
And we are in complete solidarity with you @POTUS. Great trip abroad, wonderful speech & command of events. @FLOTUS made us equally proud!!

I don't think they want anything to do with you
Your under INVESTIGATION #GUILTY
I agree. You're doing a great job over there. Keep doing what you're doing.
Thanks Don but maybe you should talk to you people about Leaking classified information. They betray us All!!! Its treason!
Shame the UK flag is upside down.
No one’s asking WHY theses bombings are happening! Is it bc we always cater to Israel, promo our cultural imperialism, overuse our military?
Actions speak louder than words.

Trump is the enemy of the people. You are the cause of ISIS. You hate everything about America so much that you are trying to destroy it.
obviously someone did this for you, far too elegant of words which your vocabulary would not consider!!!
But we couldn't be more different ~ Sadiq Khan supports this fruitless clash of civilizations.
The people of the UK would prefer life without you Mr Fart !
Including the mayor of London.
Fake president
Obama's hypocrisy. Trump's I don't know yet. America will survive. It's who we are.
You need to get back here to help out @seanhannity - evil Soros is at it again
I Love your passion for America To Do well as Well as Others. We Keep inspiring Dream Big
LOL  I don't think they like you there.
Please help. My sister in law is facing deportation to lithuania.  She works, pays taxes, and takes care of my dying dad here. Visa exp.
Yes ,H.E.prez . Together we must eliminate terror n those inleague with terrorist s
Until somebody offers you a better deal - right?
I fear you incited ISIS to keep striking, girls were attacked. Your lack of women  respect fuels this.
You typed a thing, and then you posted a picture of the same phrase right afterwards! Transcendent use of social media, my friend.
is that supposed to make up for the comments you made about us at the NRA convention ?
You don't know the definition of solidarity! Such a phony!
Which is why you blasted London's mayor, right?
Your actions are going to make terrorism worse. Can we get someone with intelligence to replace you?
Mr.President:  Please invite the Patriotic Tommy Robinson to speak in the USA. He is keenly aware of Muslim cancer the is murdering Brittons
That
TOO LATE... YOU ALREADY SCREWED UP BIGLY!!!
Except that you have the British flag upside down. Sad!
IS THAT WHY U LEAKED THE NAME OF THE BOMBER?
http://www.joemygod.com/2017/05/25/britain-terrorism-investigators-suspend-manchester-intel-sharing-us-repeated-media-leaks/ … 
UK Suspends Intel Sharing With Trump
U R AN IDIOT!
@TYTPolitics
They don't stand in solidarity with you, after your performance in Europe.
So sad when you tweet crap but do nothing to help.
When are you and your proposed budget going to stand with the American people? Asking for a friend...
If "peaceful?" Muslims on front lines shoulder to shoulder with extremists in masques are not policing their own let's get them the hell out
you sure like to talk
They don't  like you
هذا حالكم مع بعض تتأزرون وتتراحمون مع بعض ضد صناعة الأرهاب التي أوجدتموها وصنعتها أمريكا والغرب
praying for you and your family
Thanks
Your government leaked the Manchester bomber name to US press today and caused the British security services operational harm.  Seriously?
Welcome to our daily wide-awake nightmare.
you mean unless they are poor or Muslim or listen to the media.
I come from the United kingdom
Huh???   But, you had very awful words about the country at NATO?  Something does not make sense...
Remember this one @realDonaldTrump , where is the person who made this for you? Let them be in charge of your Twitter. Every day.
Who made you say this? I can't wait for you to be impeached. FINGERS CROSSED!
Bullshit.... He's doing and saying what most of America thinks and believes... Get over it. The Muslim lost......
He's a racist and you relate to that. There was no Muslim running against him. Most of America doesn't agree with him. He lost popular vote.
Your right she's was just as bad though... Get and Obama are the reason for the hatred in this country...
Do you see the hateful things Trump tweets and has said? He's a disgusting human being.
You were raised better than this young man....
So sad
It is apparent that, no nation is safe for the treat of terrorism. As a great leader controlling the heart of the world is a big challenge!
Is that why you leak their classified information?
THINK SO?JUST WHO THE HELL TOLD YOU THAT SHIT,THE PEOPLE SURE THE HELL DIDN'T,CAN'T BELIEVE DUMMY MILLER,YOU'RE SO LOST!!-RESIST
Do you though?
you do know that the majority of the British think that you are an orange buffoon right?
we need one of these flag symbols for each country we stand in solidarity with
Then stop leaking intelligence they share.  (Or once shared - that's likely over.)
Everyone but the Fed Appeals Court...
yes we do but they need to wake up......
WHY? They completely disrespect you
The once valiant Brits are now letting themselves get beaten by Islam. They are PC cowards. They won't stand for themselves.
How do you figure that we have been fighting terrorism for 100 years. You Americans think your so valiant and superior look in the mirror
You are very funny loooooser
Nation's need to unite to take on these Bastards and end it enough!!!##
I'm so sad. So sickened. So disgusted. Thank God you're our President & not Hillary.

Except when it comes to releasing confidential photos. Well done.
Love this!
Too busy tweeting your agenda rather than acknowledging the horrendous event that occurred went it happened! We all know u don't sleep!!
Here Here
Really? They are pretty pissed off at you and your administration.
NYT release of MCR attack photos show the greatest risk to the fight against ISIS is the US media! Not POTUS fault. Fake media IS OUR enemy!
Release of classified IED photos intended only for law enforcement by the NY times proves the media helps the enemy and not our fight. SHAME
Media posting terror attacks - murdered - video beheadings - all in the name of increasing ratings! Media is our biggest threat to peace!
#Manchester+Salman Abedi:Signs are always the same:Unvetted immigrants raise kids in hatred,they travel to countries #Trump wants2ban;We die
Unless it makes a good news story and then you would shove us under a bus.
3 years ago she said this.
I didn't vote for you however I want to know what you are going to do to destroy these terrorists.
Straight Bull Shit
Mr president if u want fight back US should start by adopting a version of Islam and start by promoting that here (in the US and the West)
the only thing donnie trump stands in solidarity with is his bank account.
I don't stand with people that of arrest their own people for speaking out against Islam
God Bless and keep them! So sad. Hope those leaders wake up.
U stand for the Trump family and the Trump family alone!!! Quit writing bullshit.
We care the people care about the Manchester tragedy.
Is that why you leaked information?
But then we do arms deal with Isil Saudi funding terrorism, because we the US don't a damn about human life!!!!
Yes we do
Then stop leaking security information. You talk too much.
The presidency isn't about serving the president - it's about serving the people.  Sigh. #trumpadvice
#RussiaOwnsTrumpFamily
Shut up asshole
@realDonaldTrump
Many tens of thousands of Brits will stand & march to protest the visit of a moronic @POTUS who rejects Paris Climate Accord @MeetThePress
the people of the united kingdom can't stand you. #thebritishthinktrumpisafool
YOU GO PRES!!!  PROUD OF YOUR FAMILY & THE CABINET...made us proud
we need robocop
Amen
You've got the Union Flag (Union Jack) upside down you ignoramus! 
Why couldn't you have stated this in person, in front of the world???? Hmmmmm?
The American people stand in solidarity with UK and all good English citizens.We are not--let the world take note--in solidarity with Trump!
Until they leak evidence against you? Plz resign Sir.
Hmmm n
omg so fucking adorable how you were all in support of the people of the UK before you started dragging the Mayor of London
As soon as you ask Arabs to help you what happens another boom
Why did dumbass reply with his own quote if we can see the quote in the pic
I'm in the uk and so far the only thing that I agree with you is that you dislike terrorists everything else I've been disgusted by #uk #no
Oh…I don't know how to talk about it…祝你好运！
Good quote that you didn't write
Great present 
President!!!!
 #MAGA
Liar
