reasons and motives are everything
It's nothing to do with the man, but the timing of your actions.  You are a con artist; a slimy, grotesque, excuse for a man.; a disgrace.
Do you not see it is the timing of your action, and not the action itself, you illiterate fool? Sad and disgusting at the same time.
The way the Dems think they should all be investigated !
Donald Trump should be impeased for firing FBI director seer conflict of interests.
Worst things are to be said about you
did 2 me!! Greene/Letts lawyer n #July2006 wants 2 finalize my AHC deal but n #August2006 he doesn't want 2 do it!!Just like U tweeting d
Liberalism is a disease.
Nominate Sheriff David Clarke to be the new Director of the FBI.
You're nuts! @Newmanized
How so?
Complete hypocrites! They play them saying one thing then saying the complete opposite. Schumer,Pelosi, Blumenthal needs go, really idiotic!
Watch out for Andrew McCabe. His past actions do not support you Mr President
Look at all the idiots who blindly worship liars and manipulators. Leftist lemmings
Timing is everything. Firing him for helping your campaign, but right when he's asking for resources for Russian investigation? Not credible
Mr Comey will be doing the right thing from now on.I hear Leavenworth is quite lovely in the fall. Tweet and let us know! Now who's sad?
Trump NO more press conference! Just throwing gas on the media swamp! Put out a statement of your positive achievements! Screw the media
You insulted Hillary Clinton all during the election and now you claim you fired Comey because he was not fair to Clinton.who believes you?
The Mainstream news is now talking criminal acts of Obstruction of Justice, Abuse of Power, on pure speculation, no evidence uncovered.
Not sad, pissed off at your hypocrisy.  My grandma always said, "What's hidden in the dark will eventually come to the light."  #ComeyFiring
I hate u
Regardless of party I've always respected the office until now, you get zero respect!  You are vile and an embarrassment to the U.S.A! #jail
Do the honorable thing for once in your life - resign. Then go join Putin in Russia.
#Democrats Going Wild  They are So
#Deranged and Forget #THEY Wanted #ComeyFired #DrainingTheSwamp
We the people stand with you @realDonaldTrump
You behave as if you don't even believe in democracy any more. Resign now, before you pull the entire system down.
FAKE PRESIDENT  FAKE PRESIDENT
lol  wtf??  #libtard #stupiddemocrats #moron #conspiracyidiot #democratsRstupid
You act like an African politician, a #Mugabe #zuma
Just shut up! Shut up!
Of course that back track everything
You are five years old in every way.
You Don are dumber than I ever gave you credit for.  "The sky is falling" in DC. Has anyone told you never to do that?You're not God.
They're Idiots! They want to play you. F___K em!
Idiot
The republican can't stand that there going to looking into there involvement in the love affair with Russia
And YOU said so many complimentary things about Comey on several occasions! Now you fire him?? What are you afraid of? A Russia cover-up?SAD
Liar.
You should be sad Sir
No different than you welcoming him with opened arms into the White House. Fake presidentl
Fake president donald is SAD!
Who cares what the democrats say ! Comet was a dishonest man and corrupted the FBI . Fired is to nice of a word for him .
You're a crazy person, and I hope you get impeached very soon.
Oh shut up and grow up.
What the hell is wrong with you?  Are you completely devoid of self awareness? People will be rioting if #specialcounsel is not appointed.

If this idiot is supposed to be our president then he needs to bstart acting like one, he thinks he is so cool when he tweets, it's pathetic
COMMENCEMENT SPEACH for Liberty univ. Practicing for TRUMP UNIVERSITY???
I think the us vs. them rhetoric must cease if you wish to unite the United States... please consider this sir.
#MAGA #USA
You are truly ill. Not smart, not cunning, just demented. #notmypresident #impeachTrumpnow
Disgusting bunch!
send federal authority s to arest this hypocritical people bring false charges on me now
lol.
Not the way you fired him! What an embarrassment for him the country the world - no class no respect for us or your position
You are really a #juvenile #fakePrez The Russian investigation will continue no matter what. Truth will come out and you'll be impeached.
Admit global warming ! Bring some of millennials to this side !
The side of smaller govt and capitalism !
@missyluv007 they're two faced on everything and that's what you Dems want ? Give just enough money to keep poor ppl poor
Trey Gowdy would be a great choice.  Investigate Clinton Foundation
Oh please, you drain the swamp and hire the swamp when it is convenient for you.
Because you only did it to impede the investigation. Guilty.  Crooked Donald.
Your skin tone will match your jump suit when you are put in prison.
So you said he was great when he was investigating Hillary ' s emails. Now you fire him. What changed?
Dems say this is a russia cover-up but it is the exact opposite. They can't discuss the reality.   Trump# 1
You're a liar . Russianbullseye
#berniesandersforpresident
Mr. POTUS are these libs supposed to be doing this?
They reach for anything they think might work for them & don't realize that what works is simply doing the right thing.
you sound like a 12year old girl who has underachieved educationally, the rest of the world laughs at you. USA USA!!
Keep draining that swamp!!just because Comey was fired doesn't mean he takes evidence with him keep pretending Russia is involved people!
Good move. We need an apolitical FBI. Nothing but political and PC under Obama/Comey.
Could. You. Please. Just. Shut. Up.
It's sad that our President is the most special of allll the special little snowflakes out there. He lives in his own little world.
Party
You just put impeachment on the table
Agree 100%!! What ever you do they'll never be happy. Keep doing what you're doing. Drain the swamp@realDonaldTrump
They are afraid the truth on all of them is about to come out
Don't let this be a distraction from your "America First" agenda !
All the media talk about russia is geared to prevent Trump from his agenda. Dimwitted followers actually believe them in their lies.
They are just angry that a democrat didn't fire him.
Had Obama fired Comey while investigating Clinton, you'd be pretty sad as well - as would all the right.
you r a joke I am so ashamed for u and ur family
You're beyond crazy.
And you said he did a great job, so, there's that.  So sad, indeed.
We sure hope so.... a better job at prosecuting you and your money grubbing cronies, who sold our country to Putin.
Comey wasnt perfect but unlike u he was an honest professional who was misled or misdirected in 2016.Probably by ur Russian comrades. Twit
I don't recall any Dem of note saying to fire Comey. Resign maybe. But firing is a blatant attack on FBI indep. You did that on your own!
You only fired him when he went after you. You call others hypocrites when you are the biggest one of all. So pathetic. Running scared.
Sir, they wanted Hillary to fire him  ---  no matter what you do, they don't like it.
Context- circumstances that form the setting for an event, statement, or idea, & in terms of which it can be fully understood and assessed.
Wow...you ARE really worried about this Russia probe. I am counting down the days for the start of your impeachment...you phony.
What about your Republican zombie followers who are bothered by your dictatorial actions? Names for them yet?
Get off of twitter and actually do your job...or is too hard?
I agree, he was drowning in his own self importance. Blub blub
while you blowed kisses to him, tweeted how GREAT of a JOB he was doing. Now you turned too. He wouldn't WARN the one being investigated!!
Yeah, but he was doing his job. You're a drained crook. As Paul Keating would say, You 24 carat pissant suffering from acute mediocrity.
So Wish you could Fire #Chuck
Stop tweeting
We are not sad, we are pissed off that you fired him trying to cover up your absolute corruption.  I hope you go to jail, I really do.
Mr President Trump, let it be known that the Democrats are a double minded humans with holes in their brains,
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1318277504932100&id=868219436604578 …
they are trying to create confusion!! For moments it seems like they`re winning! I am so tired of all this news every day
Any diversion from your involvement in Russia
West Point Graduation Saturday???
You are justified in firing him he was bought for before you entered the WH. Drain the swamp and I am always with you. Avoid globalist logic
Your timing is impeccable. For suspicion!
Because this firing appears to be nothing more than a way to stop investigations into #Trump/Russia
The Democrats and some Republicans like disgraceful McCain.
Trey Howdy would be a excellent choice! Also Mr.President Trump you are doing an excellent job!Thank You for your hard work!
The Democrats are a bunch of wackos
Very few buy your crap
James Comey is a rat, but he was doing his job with the investigation. Firing him looks just so bad, now the leaks start.
Total phonies. Thanks for doing the right thing even when it's unpopular.
so ashamed of the DNC as part of this NATIONS VOICE THEIR BEYOND CONTEMPT AS NATIONS HEALTH SYSTEM SPEWS TOTAL FAILURE DNC U ARE A FAILURE!
They make me sick #draintheswamp
It's getting to the point that the liberals are more dangerous to the country then the Russians #draintheswamp
Ur so weak u had to fire Comey by letter
Only thing that is sad is you as President of the United  States  YOU. Are not my President and never will be.
why did djt fire Comey? because bilious bannon told him to.
Do they think Comey had the investigation in his pocket & took all the info with him & so no more investigation?
you should be impeached like, right now
Jackass.  #немойпрезидент #notmypresident #ckholster #itmfa
Suits you fine,  no ? The world is watching you and we can't wait to see you go down so that the US can be great,  without you . No need !
#CzarTrump, just wait to see what the Democrates will say about you and your joke of a family. You are not SMART. Now get over HIllary.
Dem/libs are morally schizophrenic. Know you will move on, Mr. President. Get some other corrupt person in your sites and DRAINTHESWAMP!
The Democrats have acted so sadly since the election. When will they get over it and start acting less insane?
Not sad, just aware this is your attempt to avoid being investigated. Suck it trump!
When will obstruction party move to issues and a positive contribution ?
ONLY reason FBI is in TURMOIL is YOU,YOU, YOU!! Grow up! Be RESPONSIBLE for once for YOUR actions
Someone needs to take your phone away.
The issue is that you fired him while he was investigating you.
True.Why were Dems silent when a mentally unfit fellow destroyed with hammers 13 mobile devices,destroying EMails and destroying evidence?
Yes. The Democrats didn't like what he did BUT what YOU are doing is far far worse and you spit on our Democracy #CountryOverParty
And you said he was doing a great job.... so if their flip flop is worthy of sarcastic comment, why don't you rip the piss out of yourself ?
Yeah, tell that to Sally Yates and Preet Bharara.  Both also investigating your treason with Russia.
Well, No worries, I believe the truth will emerge soon with Mr Comey's impending testimony
Troll lah lah lah lah time for libtards. No surprise.
Release your tax returns #ImpeachTrumpthechump
Keep trying to justify what you did.....You will loose.....Leave now and try to save some of your side face talking self.
"This Director should have been fired, has been fired & asked for it himself" #JamesComey
This is a good summation, now let's move on to other issues. Mr Pres please stop negotiating  and make the decision that you promised MAGA.
It would seem that Trump does not answer to the people but his own mind when its suits his situation how he runs his business Sad
That's for sure!  They are hippocrates in everything they do!  So sick of the liberals bullsh!t!
temper, temper .. acting like a cornered animal - running scared.#LOCKHIMUP - that means you Trumputin
Mr. President, when I see one of your tweets with the words "sad" or "bad" with an exclamation point, I know it's gotta be good.
No the sad part is America has you a illegitimate president sitting in the people's house. Guess what? We want you out!
Grand jury!!
They really are sad  Mr. President. SADLY lacking in Honesty, Virtues, Courage, Integrity & Simple Human Decency...So Sad...
Yes when he was bowing down to your political games. Now that he's doing the right thing..I guess that's not in the job description to you.
