Trump Jr. Took a Meeting, Bill Clinton Took $500K
Everytime Trumpsters are caught in the act, their response is...but Clinton.  Getting old!
alleged successful businessman yet wont realize constantly crying about ur enemy is a sign of weakness
When you appear weak, you already are
I am pretty sure that his success can be proven because his name is on the side of a giant building...
Yes we know how you feel Ms. Palin "He make big building...reach sky"
Just let it go, Hillary is not POTUS, you are. Start acting like it. Everything can't be Hillarys fault. Be a President!
If it's not HRCs than it's Obama, or Donald duck. Anyone but Trump.
you forgot the Russians you fool.  It's all #HiLIARy fault
Ps lock her up!
Wrong pronoun...lock him up is the new correct version.
Another libiturd blindness to truth or facts. Who erased 33000 emails ?You obviously can not even say truth..
How many did Trump delete over a 5yr span that a judge ordered records for?
The WH is in chaos? No, msm is in chaos!

Double standards for Dems,  total hypocrisy. Clintons the most corrupt criminal family in America.
Thank you Julie. Finally someone with common sense. Totally agree.
accepting help from a foreign power is #illegal ~ and criminal. Can't wait for the #perpwalk &  #impeachment
Sad that you're still so focused on Hillary.
@afroconserv And collude without consequence. Question: How much $ is collected? Explains Y Senate can't deliver Healthcare
@gringaloca11
STOP with the Hillary excuse, even if it was true, does that give Jr the right to collude with Russias.two wrong make a RIGHT, does it?
Oh that's because he commited treason ..
Your #DonaldTrumpJr met with a foreign power to help you. It's against the #Constitution , which I'm sure you've read at least once, right?
Sick how that works !! We the people demand accountability but we don't get it
https://youtu.be/9hNmvJhRtaQ 
Hey liberal if trump made false claim on emails them why is congress holding hearings on it ? Comey admits to it
https://youtu.be/kLRyGbZ33os 
There is no Fake News .only news you don't like. Give America credit. Compete with REAL NEWS
The lord God put you in that office for a reason. You know what it is. As long as you answer the fake news they keep coming with more BS
What is wrong with you? Do you think debate question foreknowledge is equivalent to collusion?

Arrest the fake news for treason
Mirror mirror ! Who is the dumbest of as ALL ?!! @POTUS @MAGA @pdacosta @RudyHavenstein @TheBubbleBubble #fx #spread #Bund
All your problems are because of Clinton. Ya you bet and the aeaeter bunny is hiding in the Rose Garden
And Hillary and bill can pocket money raised for Haiti and nothing happens.
@DumfordDavid #DrainTheSwamp!   We support you @POTUS
We have 8 years listening to you?
Nov 8th, you shut up!
He is a weak individual and nuts.
Tell america, again, what you will do about this...because we still see her out and about pushing your buttons.
You're much more corrupt than HRC. The entanglements you and Kushner have with Deutsche Bank and Russian oligarchs will come out eventually.
I have said before that the courage and faith of you and your family is inspirational. The Greatest American Family. Don jr. did well.
Put the kool aid down,son
You are getting desperate. What a joke! Treason is illegalt! Maybe getting a question not!
It is MY JOB as an AMERICAN CITIZEN to give you all the shit I possibly can don. You are 'THE EVIL don!' don.

You should start worrying about yourself a little more,  Hillary a little less.
معلم شوفلنا حل مع اكرم فضحتنا امنيه
You're such a lying piece of 
getting a few debate questions in a Non-partison private orginazation isn't agaisnt the law than say taking foregin government payola. SAD
Then why is your #agsesssions not going after #CrookedHillary .Your base wants to know.The #world wants to know. Man TF up dude.
President Trumps job is not to go after HILLARY the justice department will lock her up. His job is to better our country.
#AGSessions too busy going after #statesrights #cannabis laws& @POTUS says she's been thru enough...WHAT!!!! So ya,he should guide his AG
Trump is a True Traditionalist !!!!!!!!!! ' We The True Americans ' Stand by Our President ! Who want Our " Christ " Fearing  Nation Back !!
We want special counsel to go after Hillary Clinton and the Clinton foundation my tax money pays for special counsel Mueller. Versus Clinton
Their jealousy runs so very deep Mr. President. No worries sir, it will lead to their own demise.
Dude, lies came directly from Junior's mouth.... How is that fake news? #Impeach #corruption #Russiagate #wyndoverfarmfire
Trump colluded w an enemy country to take over our country. That's treason.
Why don't you get a life? leave Hillary alone she's not running for anything. Your deflection is obvious. Try telling the truth for a change
whydoyouthinkyoursonmattersinyourpresidency
Impeach Trump 2017
..((" THE DEMONS-CRATA  HILLARY & OBAMA NIGHTMARE MEDICATE THAT IS THE BIG DESASTER TO AMERICA & TO PUERTO RICO WHY DONT START WITH THEM YET
Wonder if Twitter would permit @POTUS to have more than 140 Characters, you know, longer string, maybe a rope.
Only thing FAKE in this whole scheme is you, your staff, most of your cabinet, your promises and that extra hair you had sewn in.
The Am.P is wise about the Fake News Media, it's the NO PLAY GOP is what we're really disgusted with##Drain THE SWAMP! !
Thinking Americans see through the garbage the MSM say about our President and his family!
Alexander Hamilton is a piece of crap. If we get hit by a major terror attack, use the Pres emergency powers act and then u can have power
Don Jr. Has not broken any laws. Prove the COLLUSION. Some ppl are just so dumb. He did Nothing wrong.  Get over it. Trump is our POTUS.
Awe sweetie, getting debate questions isn't illegal. Your son is scorned because he fucking deserves it; as do you.
OMG! Her dog ate my homework, yet you want to lock me up for beating the crap out of a little old lady on the street? #delusionalPOTUS
"Scorched Earth" the media r  heartless. No member of your family is safe from these pariahs and miscreants. We will do what we can to stop
.#WeStandWithMueller #TrumpRussiaCollusion  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Yeah we know you' will point & lie about  President Obama & say he did it or you will point at Hillary & make up  more lies about her #p2
It's ok Mr. President Your son speakes the truth and when they here it they won't be able to contradict him.
Can we lock her up now?
its FAKE? ur son lied about his Russian meeting- said on LIVE tv there were 4 people there, we now know of at least 8,can daddy pardon jr?
We know they are the enemy , We got your back ! MAGA
Yes sir, because he admitted to it...
Leave the Trump Family alone!! Hilary should be in prison along with Obama!
At least she isn't an elephant killer like your @DonaldJTrumpJr. He committed treason.
YOUR SON COMMITTED TREASON!  Just like you have!  Treason-the highest crime against America!  Have you looked into that? Know definition?
He is crooked just like you, that is why.
You got my Money?you got my Audio or Tape.All last years you talk about Her email,Karma is coming back Don jr.E-mail Wow
your son is a liar.
you are the biggest fake news since Taj Mahal
When are you going to stop blaming Hillary Clinton for all your wrongdoings
you have invited Russian collusion
#IdiotJr didn't fall very far from your tree.
We love you President Trump please support Tesla. Every house world wide will have Tesla cars and solar Americas biggest export. JOBS
Well, come on. You always said Don Jr was dumb as bricks. Maybe he should stop talking. Or going to meetings with Russians. Spank him maybe?
Oh poor poor poor Don. Suffering is just appalling. NOT. You are scam, your son is scam, Presidency is fake.  #NeverMyPresident
For his Emails and collusion? Bet your sweet bippy!
@ClingonHillary two sides of the same coin
If I was @HillaryClinton I'd file a restraining order because yirhbgetinbg weird and you seem to be abit fixated dumb ball Donny!
Praying for you and your son
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Soros …
Your son is a traitor and should be sentenced to life in a federal penitentiary
He should be scorned!!! Trump is synonymous with Fake millionaire
Yes he is, just like you scorned her even though you fabricated the whole story. Karma sucks!
I'm pretty sure you don't know definition of scorned as in a scorned lover, it means neglected, you might mean abused, beat up, wow scary
The fake news keeps digging up dirt on u, ur family, ur staff because u r all liars and u can't even do that right. Sad her very sad Donald!
Your son should have disclosed the meeting immediately or not taken it at all.
Didn't need to.
SNORE
U really shouldn't sleep or turn yr back on our country. That is being complicit. Don't U have an opinion or were U just liking the Z's ?
You consider yourself Christian but wish others to "rot in Hell?"  As your friend, I suggest you reevaluate some statememnts Jason.
Point taken, guy. Thanx
Many of us do not watch the lame/fake news. I, like many others pray for you, President Trump for safety for you and your family and for God's wisdom in governing
Just like Fox news gave you the questions? Cheeto!
Blaming Clinton for shit Donnie doesn't work anymore. She's not the president, she didn't collude with russia, she didn't obstruct justice, she didn't ruin healthcate or tax 83 million families into poverty. You did. A real man takes responsibility. That's not you...right.
ABSOLUTELY! IT IS NOT FAKE, THE ONLY FAKE IS YOU, YOUR FAMILY & FOX!
LOL. GOOD TRY THOUGH!
GETTING MORE AFRAID ARE YA!
GOOD-MUELLER'S COMING
Your son is a traitor, just like you. Good luck in prison.
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp; delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned ...
Look at the leaks from Mullets group!
Still keep leaking, and you expect him to be honest?  Really
Don't listen to the media. You are a great guy and I'm sure your children are great too. Love you Trump's.
#Mueller #Bobby3Sticks Jared in cell block 4  soon will he flip?
Seems like @foxandfriends like Don Jr. @FoxNews pro-tRump propaganda (fake news) is hard at work brainwashing tRumpanzees daily.
Stay strong Mr. President! and keep fighting for America!
https://www.facebook.com/FoxBusiness/videos/10155562487260238/ …
no, not just media but the majority of Americans that never wanted you to be president + those that have since opened their eyes
You seriously need to learn to let the whole Clinton drama go
Hillary was thoroughly investigated and cleared.  You? Your brats? If innocent would be cleared if not I hope they rot in prison with you.
Go figure. More media hype for the lefties.
If they're 'Fake News', then WHY DO YOU CARE?  Putz.
#Um, again Stop. Just stop. your focus should be on this country. You have way too many personal issues. Resign!
You know what I liked about Obama? He wasn't a whiny little b*tch POTUS. Life as a public SERVANT isn't "fair", ENJOY!
I'd tell you to stop acting like a whiny baby & do your job but evidently you have no idea how to do either of those things. Sad!
Mr. President, remember they are the ones that gave the questions to her and ignored the email "matter". You or fam will never catch a break
Stop!trump just stop! you ain't helping yourself or your son. You know, nevermind just keep on trucking
Be a man, stand up and own it.
Seriously? Your so pathetic!!! Your son f***** up! Deal with it! And drop the Hillary bashing... old fake news!!!
guess what- do you know she illegal sold 20% of our uranium to russia and also iran with barry soetoros help-aka obama
the TH I looked at Hillary and found nothing. Get over it. Just bad
No, he's being scorned by the American people too just to clarify the matter
WHY IS SHE STILL FREE? YOU PROMISED TO INVESTIGATR?
So true.  I firmly believe that Mueller is sweeping Clinton and Obama files while he is special council to cover for them and Comey
Mr. President, your son(s) and daughter(s) are safe with us.
The Fake News Media is the real people enemy Let destroy them
Delusional children being pushed by obuma's brainless cult. No one in the WH has had any brains or balls in 8 years. CRUSH!
Everything that  Trump said about Clintons/FBI/CIA/Obam collusion was accurate.  Lock them all up, as there is enough evidence for treason
Guess you know who runs the media.47. reporters are on the take, and they are scared of ending up in a body bag like Seth
Liberals remind me of hemorrhoids.
i can't speak for anyone else other then myself.Sometimes my husband.We NEVER! had plans to vote for hillery.
LOCK HER UP MR. PRESIDENT
LOCK HER UP!
U COULD HAVE GOTTEN ALL THE QUESTIONS! Y DIDNT YOU JUST ASK VLAD! HIS HACKERS CAN GET IN OUR SYSTEM IN 15 MIN FLAT, ITS BEEN PROVEN!
A dog will get mad. A person how ever will get even.
You won..Shhhh!.alreadyMr.Trump..please educate some more on being a better leader..but good..sadly  left your Adminstration. god bless 
Take a page from the movie Frozen and just LET IT GO! Your constant bellyaching isn't Presidential. Forget HC. You won. That's what matters

I agree 100%. Don't forget to look into the downed Ch-47 on 06 Aug.2011.Unsecured server might be cause.
The Vast majority loves you! Fake news channels are rapidly dying.
Apparently you are the one listening to "fake" news! Just so you know, you and the American people can research what's true. Try it!
All I hear are Charlie Brown's parents Wawa wawa wa... It's becoming frightening & please stop embarrassing us & lying.Stop whining about HC
No Corinne, the Obama administration did nothing, they knew about the Russian interference since august 2016
That's what you teach your kids to be DESONEST  like you. Step on who ever is on their way. you loose.
So when do we see Hillary Clinton get her just dues? She deserves real jail time !
Looks like he's going to jail before you.  Maybe you can share a cell.
and #HiLIARy sold our uranium in her pay for play.  #LockHerUp
I thought you were going to lock her up?
That's because your son was attempting to colude with Russia during the campaign.
Also*
A lot of shit for brain trolls in here, not enough ms 13 gang members in your town morons? Trump trying to deport them and you protest? WTF
Why do you even speak?
Americans r sick of all the liberals against The President
