Right on Mr. President!  The informed support you.   The idiots & morons do not.
Is this the same kinda insults as ' Deplorable's asking for a friend....
Deplorables>Idiots & Morons if your keeping score  
Just as long as we are in the same bucket ;)
Pretty much.  Just divided by CNN, NBC and legit news agencies.
Wait...there are legit news places??? Do tell?
That's why I like his Tweets.  Blows right by the Fake news station filters that feed the brains their buas.
So, this is the "Fire & Fury" the world has seen. And you complete disaster of a "president" just threatened to top that. You are unfit!
So you'd prefer 1 million dead Americans on Japanese beaches in 1945. Typical Leftist BS.
I prefer that people learned from the devastation & avoid another nuclear disaster at all cost. Like trying some diplomacy before threats.
Mr. president....I think you should refer to Kim Jong-un not as Rocket Man but as rocket boy because he acts like an impetuous child.
A lot like you sound!!
赶紧开战吧。
The NFL could have held a press conference,or Walk Out, or stand together after the game. DISRESPECT OUR flag? R.I.P.N.F.L
This whole mess is just a "pissing" contest between two men who should be acting like leaders, not little boys!!!
: Its about time to be checked brain wise if you are suitable to be the President of such a powerful country, which I doubt that you will pass it.
Good, because if it's not the USA that nut job is threatening, it would be another and another and another.
WE MUST BE TOUGH IN AMERICA TOO!!!
GET THOSE WITCHES OUT OF THE WISDOM CENTER, TEXAS, HOLDING MY HUSBAND HOSTAGE 17+ YEARS!!!
This is a hard one, just don't do anything too hasty. They must be stop.
You are showing how truly frightened you are of the Russia investigation. Trying to deflect by manufacturing hostility in Korea.
Danger in chief 
Keeping America Safe Again!
Send the snowflakes to talk with North Korea.
The only action the US will take is barking at China, pathetic indeed.
What about the REAL DANGERS posed by you?  Like being a #TreasonousTraitor?
Hit'em.
Nuke them that's the most humane thing you can do for him and his people while saving the rest of the world from their hatred
MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER
Don't rely on China to sanction N. Korea. China will smile and lie to your face just like Pence and Paul Ryan. Talk about collusion!
Il faut surtout que l'Amérique montre le chemin en étant moins incisive sur le plan militaire en mer de Chine.
Please say no to FMSCA ELD mandate.
#PrayForTheMissing 
We have (3) Still Missing
Lt. Benjamin Cross (26) Yrs Old
Cpl. Nathaniel Ordway (21) Yrs old
Pfc. Ruben Velasco (19) 

Bullshit..
If you call coming together "hating American and Hating the President", then we are coming together like never before!
#NoWar #NoMoreWars #WeDidNotHireAWarHawk #NoWar
http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-low-approval-rating-comparison-presidents-gallup-poll-2017-3 …
You're like a demented old man living in a nursing home who makes up stories to impress friends
Twitter is not the place for foreign policy. You incite adversaries and worry allies. For God's sake, make a presidential statement.
Useless too. Fake news of your own. Stop beating the misdirection drums. Focus on what matters. We don't need fillers.
... as r president? Oh, yeah, America would never fall 4 such an OBVIOUS scam, or would they? Maybe CNN could promote him?
The Americans do not trust or believe anything you say! Did you "call" them and get this info"? Omg leave!

Even while on vacation you keep screwing things up.
#Didn't Potus complain about 44 playing too much GOLF? 45 spends 25% of his days Golfing?? Is that correct? How does he govern?
It's Now Time to Address RUSSIA as well!!
So you care so much about N.K. but won't even admit that Russia attacked us.  I wonder why...

Hint... Pee Pee
Well, guess what!?!?!

Putin just turned on you...
Pee pee tapes here they come. 
The Greatest President Ever 
We love you MR President 



See how you feel when millions of lives are saved by his decisive action, unlike your hero Obama, who allowed NKorea to get to this point.
I'm a Democrat
Yes!
Respect is earned. Donald doesn't get it handed to him. If he can't take the criticism, he can resign.
Becky, liberals aren't crying. We stopped trump's agenda. No major legislation. Executive orders flopped. Grand Jury closing in. 
And fire Mueller.

So Steven, to clarify, you support a man who spreads prejudice, can't tell the truth, and can't get your party organized?
You mean @tomperez? I'm a Republican.
I know you're a republican. The GOP has the leadership skills of... well, no leadership skills at all. You should be ashamed.
Boom
BREAKING! US Job Openings
Not only has 1M more job added

A record +6M more new jobs open WATCH WAGES BOOM #MAGA…
What legislation has Donald passed to support job growth? None. He's on Obama's coat tails.
He's convinced a whole lot of businesses to come in, probable due to Obama whining about climate change for 8 years.
What the #FakeNews is NOT TELLING #American's about #NorthKorea "Crisis" 

#CIA Op. On Behalf of #NWO / #Globalists

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuKKAzvANwE …
#NorthKorea #SouthKorea and the #CIA that began in 1950 with President Rhee.  This is what the #FakeNews is NOT discussing
The #KoreanWar and the Central Intelligence Agency | Dr. Clayton Laurie, Center for the Study of Intelligence 

https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/2010-05-01.pdf …
A New President, a Better CIA, and an Old War: #Eisenhower and Intelligence Reporting
on Korea, 1953

https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-of-intelligence/csi-publications/csi-studies/studies/vol.-54-no.-4/pdfs/Laurie-Ike%20and%20Intel-Extract-Annotated.pdf …
FLASHBACK 1994: Clinton Says His Deal With North Korea Would Make The World Safer http://dailycaller.com/2017/08/08/flashback-1994-clinton-says-his-deal-with-north-korea-would-make-the-world-safer/?utm_source=site-share … via @dailycaller
#American's do not want war! 

#Trump Campaigned on Negotiating with #NorthKorea 

#Globalist Want War;  Then Send them to the BattleField 
We have so Many #Scandals Unwraveling by the hour, I don't know how we could possibly entertain a #FakeWare with #NorthKorea 

@DropThe_Mic
You must hold talks.
How about you go over there and try to have a nice talk with Kim. Maybe hug  it out Chrstphr
That's not how it works. Ask Tillerson if he agrees with me. (Spoiler alert: he does).
Yes Tillerson would like to engage diplomatic discussions, but do you really think Kim is going to come..
You still never told me what you propose that we do. I'm offering the start of a solution, what's your plan?
You are causing the danger with North Korea
FYI. Obama care still there, elections coming up.  Second term unlikely at this rate.
برو بمير  بي غيرت
And stop  showing your ignorance like a childish statement like: my weapon is better than yours!!  Good grief!!
After many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must ...
Trump is a pathological liar, don’t believe anything Trump say.
After we take care of North Korea we need to do the same with Iran. Going to be a tough one, thanks to Obama.
WE  are not the ones who would have to take care of No.Korea.  And YOU are willing to send our boys over there to fight and die for people like YOU.  SHAME SHAME!!
Wholeheartedly agree. Thank you for having the courage to LEAD!
I don't see this as "leadership", but a pissing contest between two little boys! Mine is bigger....no MINE is bigger!
I sincerely thank you for your strength and determination! You are exactly what we need to stand against N.Korea!
And you have totally lost your mind.
I thought you were such a great negotiator. Get to work on it then.
Maybe he can send you? You're such a bad-ass bully boy...you would show them....
Resign
We should be so lucky.  He thinks he's great.  Where are the sane people to take him out of office............NOW.
You are: 1. Greatest President! 2. Proud of you and your work!   I agree100%.   Thank you.
And YOU should be locked up!
Keep up the great work, Sir!  We are so proud to have you as our president. We ignore MSM and watch your leadership in action. So impressed!
He grabs pu$$ies, Kristy.  Disgusting that you teach children.
wat moet jij eten Donald hier bloemkool met een papje
I think pancakes with a lot of maple sirup
Lekker
After too many days of your presidency, the process to impeach your lazy, good-for-nothing ass should begin. 
#ShowerOfLyingTrumpBASTARDS
There is an was NO RUSSIAN ANYTHING WHERE ARE THE FACTS OUR GOVERNMENT ARE LIARS WE SHOULD DEMAND THE NON EXISTANT PROOF
【トランプ大統領のツイート】
#北朝鮮 に厳しい態度で臨んでいますね！
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/894880193839497216 …
Wrong for herein we have overplayed it, kindness and a meeting before U.N. w / Kim Jung Un to have his say! 'Al!'
KICK THEIR ASS!!  GO POTUS!!
How can a baby be in the White House? Doesn't the US have an age limit on Presidential candidates? Trump is 70 going on 4.
If Fat Boy Kim nukes US, POTUS will have no option but to totally vaporise North Korea.
Everyone expects that you will start a war to save your own ass! How dare you!
The Neo-Cons and Rich Jews (IMF, World Bankers) would love nothing more then to go to WAR.
Please Mr President, send this ruthless empire a very very powerful present.
You're acting like a dope and taunting a deranged lunatic.  Please resign. You don't care about me because I voted for HRC.
There is no we! You are supposed to be leading but you act stupid and make threats! Stop the nonsense!
But meeting secretly---and REPEATEDLY--- with Russian agents AND lying under oath about it is okay? FLYNN was ORDERED not to take MONEY.
Finally. Thanks Potus.
Nobody got together with u abt NK

Looks you will fight.
Everybody hates you.
Ass
can't wait to become a badass post-apocalypse wasteland driver after your Third World War will be over. Gonna take out the immortal joe mask
Kim Jung un should be treated like any other terrorist!
Watch the NK head fake as the SCS "islands" grow. Don't fall for the squeeze play.
Pity they seem to be able to find fuel for these rockets, and power for the technology.
Kill Em Don
Foreign policy 140 characters at a time?
Jimmy Carter Deal...https://twitter.com/I_AmAmerica/status/895260196301361153 …
China are the biggest part of the whole in Asia. The rest of the world needs to know they are on side.
This dictator is Young and unexperienced/dumb,very bad combination/ dangerous for the safety of the world.
Pray for Our President yall to make precise decisions! World wide!
Go get him we will win
Respected sir peace talk makes not for us for whole universe give peace. don' t under estimate. Because your decision is desirable one.
Heres an Idea , nuke the entire NK and obliterate the threat forever ! Stop pondering .. Make the call and release the missile !
Not just North Korea but also Russia and treasonists! Don't you agree @realDonaldTrump? #Fake45
Wow, nobody wants to even talk to you. Are they coming together against USA?
I think you have been watching Game of Throne looking for strategy. Unless we have some dragons stashed away you might want to chill.
"He's a good guy".
More wars have been won by talking through it than actually launching full scale war .. Gods Speed God Bless our world 
The most dangerous is the GOLD medal from Saudi king it has evil spells on it..no free lunch frm SAUDI -usin Evil force 2 attack u/US..ALERT
But do we really need a Nuclear War? Be more careful please, careless talk costs lives!!

#FunWaysToDie: Lightning strike while teeing off. Fatal fall down a steep set of airplane stairs. Spray tan poisoning. Ice cream overdose.
Lord help us!
Just give china North Korea
You are a true warrior
Jesus. The commas and the spaces... #Smallhandsproblems
You both have one major thing in common; you are both seriously mentally disturbed.

If country's unite, its for 1 reason; to have a plan if your stupidity destroys the planet. You have the brainstorm of an ant. A dead one
Starting a war with Korea isn't going to bring your dwindling base back or gain you approval points.  Solving this with diplomacy might.

Especially in getting you out of office before you do something stupid which you seem to be an expert at doing.

hi
Damm straight. Japan should rattle there capital. anybody shot a gun over my head its go time.
Also discussing the danger you pose, as an incompetent crazy fool!
Think very carefully before communicating! your NK fury tweet was reckless and dangerous. Kelly - stop his tweeting before we get in war!
Thanks for standing up for our country
Having a pushing contest with your tiny "hands" is not countries coming together.  They are scared shitless that you are about to nuke SEA
Starting a nuclear war is not success. Prevention mass chaos and death with diplomacy has always been the goal.
so sorry to tell you that North Korea has been a problem for a long time.  Did you just now notice?????? Why are you the president?????????

Keep up the great work, no matter what! You are doing phenomenal things. #Trumprocks
a strike against NK needs to be done now, for the safety of my family and children please before it's to late
Act on our promises
Here's an idea:  President No-Balls here gets to talk tough about Guam,  Hawaii etc., when he parks his sizable ass there while talking.
A wise man speaks cuz he has something to say.
A fool speaks cuz he has to say something.
Donald.....u are doing a great job.. Kick North Korea's butt. We Love u...always
Be careful who and how you threaten, Bonespur, or we will unleash on you words and memes the likes of which twitter has never seen. 
ha...cause that's the snowflake, sjw way...get busy making those posters and knitting those kitty hats sister!
Cool. It's taken forever, but I've finally been trolled by a bot. 

I feel so special. 
no problem girly...anytime!
Awww. How cute. It's even calling me names, just like a good bot should do.
if the high heel shoe fits missy...wear it!

he wont
It's Reassuring to know we have someone who can Diplomatically resolve this crisis with N. Korea. Way to make threats with your pants down.
You keep saying we. There is no we. There's not even a you. The world views you like "WE" do, a complete and utter joke.
Take action
Truthfully Trump has been doing ANYTHING he can to use a nuke... considering he would be only the 2nd in history to do it...

Sad days
After many years of peace, you've brought us to the brink of war with North Korea. No one but you.
2009: U.N. Passing Sanctions
2013: New Sanctions Pass in Unified U.N. Vote
2016: U.N. Toughens Sanctions
2017: U.N. Imposes New Sanctions
Thank you PRESIDENT TRUMP and your team!  To keep us safe!
"LOCKED AND LOADED"!
You are disgraceful
The time of leading from behind ended with Obama!
LMAO! More bullshit from Rerun Don! Rerun is trying to figure out which button in the nuclear briefcase has NK on it...he is so stupid.
Good idea
This "Fire and Fury" sound a whole like "Macbeth" quote. 
"...it is a tale
 Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
 Signifying nothing."
Yes, we must! However, this country expects a true leader, mature enough to deal with N.Korea, not someone like u who threatens back!
Its time for S.Korea to expand 
Just blow them up

Look at all these triggered snowflakes. President Trump,  don't listen to these little beta  males. Keep on MAGA! Trump 2020
