Was this over dinner with Kim Jong-un?
here comes the hacky comedians trying to get famous off of Trump's twiiter!!
Here comes the paid trolls with depolable in their name and A Trump picture in their banner.
And people who have a receipt to prove they got it
.@realDonaldTrump Sweetie, this is the perfect example of something you save for your Presidenting meetings, not glib little tweets.
.@realDonaldTrump And just sing: When North Korea threatens us with nuclear war, have a national security briefing even if it's a bore!
you write these jingles in advance knowing eventually he'll trip on everything or are you spontaneously able to bring rhyme time
It takes me 20 seconds to write my nephew rhymes to get him to eat his yogurt. This is the same.
it's weird people seem to think we spend all of our lives on this. Like it takes more than 15 seconds to tweet.
you have mere days until you're sworn in as President. Do you really want to avoid it so badly that you'll kill us all now?
seriously, I ask you father to father, as a person who wants a future for his children: STOP TAUNTING NUCLEAR SUPERPOWERS.
Do you really believe that if @realDonaldTrump stops tweeting about nukes that #NorthKorea will cease production? Get real! 
This is inviting them to launch nukes at us, literally.
yep.
Would you prefer that @realDonaldTrump invite Kim Jung Un to the White House over tea and crumpets?
Yes, I would actually. Tweeting has only hurt him and everyone else.
So you embrace Kim Jung Un as a RATIONAL leader who wants world peace?
.@realDonaldTrump This twitter diplomacy is real classy, you orange moron.
what are you talking about? Orange? I don't see it!
can I unsee this?
You're just like him.
Don't you guys love communists?  Im confused as to what your end goal is
North Korea also has a capitalist production-for-profit economy (under state control). There's poverty there, just like America.
North Korea is no capitalist there is even no market stop lying
Try to do some reading once in a while. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_North_Korea …
"centrally planned system", "market allocation schemes is limited", sounds opposite of capitalism. Try learn polieconomics 101
all the socialists know is how to ruin a country's economy eg. Venezuela
Trump, Putin, and Jong-un walked into a bar. Literally. THIS IS NOT A JOKE!
here comes the hacky comedians trying to get famous off of Trump's twiiter!!!
Wait you already said this to me. Exact one. YOU ARE A PAID TROLL.
His spelling hasn't improved.
Never will improve, its a DT supporter requirement - illiteracy.
glad someone else noticed Trump CAN'T READ
Or write, right?
If Trump won then why did people tell us it wouldn't happen?
That's like saying Hillary had more pieces on the chess board, so she should have won
Parker can't respond cause he knows I'm right
Nah... he probably just got bored. All you Russian trolls are repetitive - gets boring
I'm actually American, not Russian. But good try
thank you for keeping us safe!
he is making the world far more dangerous & not even POTUS yet. SMFH
#sarcasm
you forgot 2 put in in comic sans.
ha I don't know how to do that... ?
lol you can't. There are so many DT morons you need this
Poe's Law.
it would be GREAT if you could stop tweeting about anything related to nuclear weapons before you get us all killed.
@LOLGOP @realDonaldTrump It would be great if you ran your tweets by Anyone else, before sending and scaring the whole world.
Like someone in the Intelligence Community.
I would go for ANYONE with some intelligence!
are you threatening military action against them right now on twitter ?
and this is how it ends - by a chump making threats on twitter.
not with a bang but with a Twitter
 that's so sad.
it's terrifying because he isn't hiding how deplorable he is & yet is still being allowed to assume office
this idiot is going to start WWIII with a tweet. A tweet! There's not much more to say.
Maybe @twitter should talk with someone with sense about deleting his account
wonder how many signatures we could get on a http://whitehouse.gov  petition?
#WeRejectedYou
trump stole the election you frog
then let me be a loser, i'm gonna accept defeat with winning 2,86M more votes
that's why the popular vote won't ever work.  Is not fair that 2 states would decide an
how are 2 states deciding an election where 136M people are voting? it exists 50 states in US
the rest of the country has a say in who the president is not just California and new York.
Exactly. He's not being super spy, super smart clever. He is actually a very unintelligent man. Not even close
He's not smart enough to be a spy. I believe he is literally clueless about the job of POTUS.
what the fuck is wrong with you??? Are you trying to challenge them? What is this trying to accomplish?
Why are you so afraid of NK?
Wow. Three X's in one tweet!
Yeah, the #USA doesn't want a #POTUS who insults N. Korea and their fine leader #idiot #sarcasm
we want a POTUS who uses diplomacy instead of twitter & doesn't start nuclear war
How would YOU suggest @realDonaldTrump be diplomatic with #NorthKorea and Kim Jung Un?
you are asking that of someone that thought Obama was a leader.
I am honestly curious to learn how #Obama supporters would deal with #NorthKorea
They couldn't even handle ISIS
How long before this loud-mouthed dumbass gets the US into a war? @realDonaldTrump
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
@YDanasmithdutra @realDonaldTrump I just tweeted the exact same thing. He's gonna take the whole country out.
did you shit on this swan
There is something vaguely obscene about this picture
I always feel like that when I see Donnie in his white trash fantasy land.  @ashleyfeinberg @realDonaldTrump
@jack @twitter PLS SUSPEND @realDonaldTrump twitter acct, for my sanity, the safety of America and the rest of the world. PLS, I implore you
grow a pair will u
--- i'll bet mine are bigger than yours...
Why are you Putin up with this.
wonder if he is Stalin between tweets
no way he's right on the Marx
you guys are killing it ... pun-mania
haha lennin....no I fucked it up sorry guys
it's OK... Keep comm and carry on
and recovered
When are U going to admit you're out of your league? Fate of  world rests w/ an orange narcissist. #ANTITRUMPMVMT @Maga ?
Stop tweeting.
Keep tweeting!
Remember you said that when you're huddled up in your fall out shelter won't you?
Will your wall stop it?
pipe down baldy
and Kim Jong-un: two babies but with a single thought.
your earlier tweet crying about an ugly photo of you shows you're hardly the man to deal with nuclear warfare.
Delete your account.  Also.  Don't destroy the planet you fucking Clownstick.
LMAO  hehehe Good one, may I re-use it?
Of course.
One president at a time please.
If only we had one...golfing!
thats for real...
Sorry Donny, ignorance is NOT bliss. Try running for exercise instead of running your mouth so much.
Are you crazy !

.@realDonaldTrump not a nuclear weapon you muppet, a missile.
tem até o dia 20 pra xingar... Depois, a cada tweet a CIA, a NSA, o FBI, os MIB batem na tua porta eheh
hahahhhahahhhaah
It won't happen because they have 1 computer
Lol
he doesn't believe in computer we are back to 1970. Nuclear activation code is via post office. SMH
PLEASE STOP TWEETING YOU TERRIFYING FUCK
Oh well that's reassuring. Probably don't need to do anything then. Just as well you're always right about everything.
Just remembered that you operate at a third grade level. So just to be sure, that was sarcasm.
Send a tweet to Kim Jong-Un, tell him, "Wrong." That should work.
I agree. Their leader is a narcissistic megalomaniac who tells everyone deluded statements of personal superiority and power. It's fantasy.
you win Twitter today!! :-) @stephencgrant
 I'd like to thank my friends, my family, ...
Did you reschedule that press conference on your conflicts of interests? Or plan on releasing your taxes? #notdistracted
.@realDonaldTrump Tough stance against NK is good. But how will you know if you're successful if you don't trust the intelligence community?
the intelligent agencies lie. Remember WMDs Iraq supposedly had? The current bunch are part of the Swamp.
The intel community said there was none. Bush/Cheney ignored them.
they should both be in jail as far as I'm concerned.
grab them by their pussy chief. Humiliate them. Dehumanise them. Ask Putin to hack their asses.
And we can't possibly express just how comforting it is to know that you are responsible for thwarting them, Sir.
Going to get us all killed?You should stop watching too much TV and start reading books.Dont be brainwashed
don't worry. This guys just a trump bot
what your saying you support trump
no... not at all.. just saw how he spoke to you. Can't stand the orange turd
wait, you're talking about nuclear weapons using 140 characters again? I'm shocked.
How many countries did you call today to wish them a happy fourth of July, TweeterDumb?
.@realDonaldTrump How abt u wait till ur pres & then spend at least 5 f'ing mins thinking abt this b4 u fire off a moronic response? #trump

What about those hacking secrets? Or that blockbuster evidence about Obama's birth certificate?#notdistracted
.@realDonaldTrump This could actually mean something if Trump had not already flip flopped on issue after issue. Kanye has more credibility
Source please Donald.
Neil are you against this trump statement if it turns out north Korea did say this?
Korea is incredibly unpredictable and dealing with it in a calm measured way would seem more appropriate.
I'm 100% against another war but u know being patient w/ them won't stop NK. Y wouldn they stop? China needs to step in
After the Taiwan call, I doubt China be appreciating his sarcasm tonight towards them and jumping to help.
haha true. Its all setting the table for future trade agreements. Oh to be a fly on the wall at that meeting!
Ah the famous trade agreements. Well, we'll have to wait and see on them but I admire your optimism.
what's a song of your I should check out?
is this how low we have stooped for being presidential. He, the leader of the free world but, talking policy on twitter wow
got your attention didn't it?
huh?
define "it"

Maybe it's time to retweet that pic..


Poking toothpicks at cobras. Brilliant. When will your handlers stick a gag in your Twitter?
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
And today we hear "North Korea will pursue "acceleration" of its nuclear and missile programs" HELP
Just did. On July 4th. While you were playing golf.
Shhhhh. Puddin' these are big things to be dealt with in briefings and with national security advisors. Not for Twitter.
Make sure you remind everyone that Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton and Madeline Albright gave N Korea Nukes
It just did!! It’s time to take action! Yes inevitably lives will be lost, but more more lives will be lost if we fight this unavoidable war in the years ahead! Short term pain for long term gain!!
 agree waiting only gives them time to produce more nukes sooner the better. But I have this suspicious feeling about who else is involved and why.
Too late Donnie. For the rest, this is how IRBM & ICBM's work
send someone to ask
Not sure who's more dangerous, the dictator of North Korea or the irrational leader of the "free world!"
why? What you going to do? Build a wall?
Bro. You reply to a nuclear threat by a hostile foreign power with a tweet? You know that's not how to President, right?
There's something really wrong with you. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP when are you going to step to the plate? When we've all sunk into his gutter?
@johnpavlovitz said it well: Tweeting isn't leading. Pay attention.
Staff our @StateDept. Ask for help @CondoleezzaRice @madeleine @JohnKerry @RichardHaass
It happened today. Staff the State Department. Do your job. Listen to experts who actually know about North Korea. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/816057920223846400 …
Lol. You are so far out of your league. Why does the president of America just tweet and watch cable news all day long?
So how did that one work out for you? You do realize N.Korea get their tech from Putin, whose threat you refuse to acknowledge?
Amen.  President.   Trump.  
Er.  It just happened.  I believe you were playing golf at the time.  You're worse than Obama for taking holidays.
Well time to get tougher on china
You need to get a move on, NK are reaching their end goal and fast!!
"It won't happen!" ???  ANOTHER tRump lie exposed  #NoCredibility #Fail
Sooooooo.....  What now?
.@realDonaldTrump 
Care to reconsider tweeting re: foreign policy in light of today's North Korean ballistic missile test?
#DontDareFearful
They need to be  knocked down a notch or two anyway...
Looks like you already failed on this one too, smh more American greatness I guess
And I don't care where you go. I don't care if you are safe, happy, well. You just need to go. Nobody wants or respects you. You are a fool.
Stop using exclamation points, they are open to misinterpretation. Begin using presidential language please
Donald can't help himself! Sad!
Your move.
Chess versus checkers.
When we have an incompetent clown in the White House. This is scary
Trump never learned the lessons of history. His economic policy will trigger a trade war and recession & his foreign policy will mean war.
Well . This is what America deserves. The country voted him in. We will suffer the consequences
People always forget what happened in the past under similar circumstances, that's why history repeats, why we got Trump.
Exactly
That tweet was from January
I know (Gage)
OK...just suprised to see an old tweet
Just a reminder of what the president himself said
What does that Mr. President ? Tweets are not policy or a decision .
You're ignorance is immaculate. There's nothing you can do to shock me @POTUS
I'll be so dang glad to see you out smart the Alinsky wolves!
We are supposed to just trust you on that? Do. Your. Job.
Today,Trump has tweeted abt wiretapping,Arnold and Apprentice,and now NK . What can we conclude abt Trump's state of mind ?
Stop N. Korea
Bomb Kim Jung Un!!!! He's crazier than you are!!!!
Dumbass @realDonaldTrump
...in the US with family back home deserve our protection!
You're not the boss of North Korea. You're barely the boss of your own twitter account.
well, it would hit CA,  but what do you care?  They voted for Hillary BIGLY
You said, "It won't happen!" And today, they launched a ballistic missile. More "fake news?" http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-idUSKBN15Q0TE …?
Ummm happened....
america will be broke to do anything about it with you weekend vacations and paying for you family in NY!U are expensive!!!
It's already happened. Resign bc you have no idea what you're doing. Give us our sanity back.can we have Obama?
pwos
You are delusional and need help.
Usually it takes a few years for your tweets to come back around on you.
I’d trust Dennis Rodman on this more than you!
spot on analysis as always
Fuck Korea
Well why don't you start working on that?! You've allowed them an ICBM already! Start working for us and not  or yourself! #25thAmmendment
Trump have u gotten over the
Chinese doctor will cure the NK disease?
Think rationally
Chinese have seen US presidents come and go
They wont
Neither will the remainder of your fake presidency.
oh it's happening sweetheart!
Your notes are like 3rd grade, Dummy.
Roosevelt Room - Trump's hand written notes on North Korea. Black marker. All caps.

MISSILE WAS LAUNCHED FROM NORTH KOREA - WILL TAKE CARE…
The trolls just spend all day attacking the President.
twitter has it rigged to put all the negative stuff at the top Sara
I believe it -it's all vicious, nasty comments.
half of them are fake accounts to attempt to influence and trend.
So what does this "it won't happen" mean? You starting a war or something? Cause that's just what we need... another war
TRUMPS BLUSTER WRONG AGAIN RE THE POSSIBILITY OF NORTH KOREA GETTING MISSLE THAT WOULD REACH THE U.S.A. PAR FOR THE COURSE.
I'm looking forward to 1/20/17!
Thanks again for working tjis, President Trump.
Do you remember your tweet not long ago stating that if one nuke hit, it would probably hit Los Angeles and you thought it was funny?

They know what a weak, cowardly and ignorant wussy you are and know youll play right into their hands, Prez-appoint
It was dumb to say the first time. Can't you just shut up. Learn the virtues of strategic silence, discover your inner Teddy Roosevelt.
This is not the game of Battleship......STOP messing with our LIVES!
How will you stop it? Nuke them? Send troops? Give them a beautiful chocolate cake? #BringBackRespect
don't make it happen. I trust you can.
Me watching US vs. NK
在昆明 #泛亚 涉骗事件中-地方党委纪委不能成为部门摆设! http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/P9EkyYwut_UBSfV66BKxdw … #国家大剧院 #国务院新闻办 #刘光溪 #李纪恒 #陈豪 #单九良 #问责云昆政府
Just read thyat Jarrett moved in w/ the Obama's and are planning to jam you up. This outright war against us!
Yes, sir! No sir! A first strike would likely lead to Chinese retaliation and the end of civilisation as we know it.
I can throw a football further and I can't throw a football far at all!
what are you going to do
Uh you have thousands of intelligence officers at your behest and you wait for statements for your information?
are you trying to start World War III?
And 9/11 was never supposed to happen either. #idiot #delusional #ToddlerInChief
We urge South and North Korean public administrators to join in with international colleagues in support of world peace. ASPA International
at least it's not raining
don't tweet this
What happened, Donald? Your empty tough talk didn't impress
 What is your next move? Oh that's right, you called on China and went golfing.
send your man to take it out
.@realDonaldTrump It just did.
Please let them hit Trump Tower!
....unless you.......
Scary crazy man! Hope you can contain him!
@JerryFalwellJr Trump plays God! By bullying. This is not how Jesus showed us God. Very dangerous!
Good;  just don't #kill us all in the process
And you're on vacation, treason-piggy. Golfing.

#trumprussia
#russiantreason
#moneylaundering
#obstruction
#collusion
#trafficking
.@GOP
fhdjdjsjshd
Act like the president of the United States and don't provoke them. Twitter is not the place to discuss such matters.
Donald Trump your lack of foreign policy experience. Proves. That's your unqualified to protect the country.
/ scary

Do you really think this tweet will scare them off in some way?  Grow up Donald you are going to be the POTUS very soon!
Read that in a comic book Donny T.?
You're giving them every reason to.
You put too much faith on THAAD. Try ABM 3 - Gazelle, its very accurate compared to your RIM-161.
well, with you in the White House we are SO much closer to nuclear war, I'm sure you have a plan!
you say it won't happen just like you won't "make America great again"
Why cause you tweet so? Have to do more that that. Stop alienating our Allies and join with them to stop N. Korea.
Can you go and discuss with your joint chiefs of staff and those guys and not tweet about it? Thanks!
this is the only thing I believe that Donald trump has said his whole campaign
Worked with people from around the world Germany,England,France,India,Australia,Guyana, U.S put men on the Moon, You are truly embarrassing.
you are way more frightening than anyone else-- you with the nuclear codes? Worst horror ever-- you and pence.
stop tweeting.  Do some  work.  God save AMERICA. CAN'T YOU HIDE FOR  FOUR YEARS #4NOUT
Except that #Putin is conspiring with #Obama & intelligence agencies to delegitimize #PETrump.
Atta Girl!  Entice a horrible foreign power to nuke the US.  You are asking for it.  Imbecile.
It is happening, and you don't know what to do about it.
they said they were devoting their second stage rocket nothing was mention about the nuclear part
People will die because of you
Mental health professionals call that "magical thinking". What's in your head doesn't equal reality.
well please make sure it doesn't ...we are counting on you !
Welp now what
Congrats to Kim Jung-Rocketman-Un for 2017 being North Korea's most successful year ever in the field of rocket technology!
