I wish we EXTREME VETTED who could run for president.
That some kind of underhanded insult to @POTUS?
No. @BrokeAssStuart would never insult nor lend a disparaging comment towards Dear Leader.
#ReleaseTheMemo



Too bad we didn't EXTREME VET the person who came into the Oval Office
You should have "extreme  vetted" your staff to weed out the Nazis and White Supremacists! And maybe the really stupid and  venal, too.
There are problems as far extremist serving the country.. It should never be, strange and frightening it all is
Obama was the extremist
you already do


if only we #ExtremeVetted presidential candidates #ReleaseYourTaxes #Emoluments #Russia #Sad
You're welcome to leave America anytime. We will not even shed a tear. Maybe Syria is where you belong!
Maybe you forgot that America is a democracy. Where every President answers to the people of the United States. And we the REAL AMERICANS
Want Answers. You Trump Commies are the Minority. And real human beings will remember where you stood. And who you supported. #TRUMPTRAITOR
@rlockrocks Absolutely!
Thank you President Trump and God bless protect and guide you - we pray for you every day 
What he really doing is everything thing else .his family owes Russian Billions of dollars from there mess up in bisness deals that whent B
Yawn - this has been a GLORIOUSLY fun week for patriots - God bless our POTUS Mr Donald J Trump and God bless USA  
#memecrack @SaxxonCreative #trumptatorship #nike #saudispeech
 my PRESIDENT He asks 2 question before making a decision. Is it good for the people, is it good for the country? Hears us
Great tweet
The only question he asks is, "how much money do i make on this deal"  that is what you get from a failed businessman running the country
Trump will win one way or the other. No travel ban?? No worries. They won't get past our new vetting process. Dirtbags ain't gettin in!!!!!
Why can't you break up these circuit court legislating judges? Who said a circuit court judge has power over the President in legislation?
Mr. President! communism toppled with stupidity, entitlement,  and ignorance of many Americans, starting with Hollywood! Do as it was in 50s
It's a hyena that has to disabled NOW!!! Be aggressive and vicious. Sometimes democracy has to be protected in war!
We have too. I can't get why people are against stopping terrorist from entering country. ISIS leader brags about using refugees for this
And infiltrating jobs with electric and gas companies; trains and airlines..
Thank you.  Have to place real Judges in all Circuit Court vacant seats.
Vetting.
That's an error.... character should be Obama.... that was his behavioral pattern numb nutts!
You both should get that checked out. Better yet, a brain transplant would be ideal.
Like we've been doing for the past 8 years while you were laundering Russian money & hosting Miss Universe Donny.
Thank you, MR. PRESIDENT!
whaaa whaaa whaaaa! the courts won't let me be a dictator!  Unfair!  Sad!  Donny wants what he wants and he wants it now!!!
#learnthejob. Not sure if you know but we do vet people extremely already. Suggestion. Focus on how to stop homegrown terrorism.
Its interesting that democrats want extreme vetting for the Americans in Trumps cabinet but dont want to vet ppl from terrorist countries!
Our country will be safer as soon as you and your cohorts leave Washington for good.
Amen
Our country would be safest with you gone
You're welcome to leave! We don't need or want traitors in America! Great job @POTUS!!!
Why don't you try saving us with a decent healthcare plan for all? American white males are shooting us while you vett peaceful immigrants!
Thank you Mr. President...
Damn politics for being political
Is your extreme vetting anymore rigorous than your vetting of WH employees? Flynn? DeVoss? Carson? Kushner? The leaker? Bannon? Conway?
Unless you BAN countries like Saudi Arabia and Russia, your plan won't work. Must ban ALL terrorist countries. #TrumpRussia #CyberWar
Please explain how Extreme Vetting is different from what's been taking place for years. My sources in the field say it's the SAME! #NewName
Many of the recent attackers were born in the nations they attacked. Bans and bombs aren't going to stop this problem.
You mean 'thoughtful'?
Vetting is for safety,You started off as being perceived racist and WILL NOT LIVE IT DOWN, the sooner you realize that the better.
In all fairness It sounded fairly racist, now if vetting is your aim do so, ur the protector of the free world, It is trust you can't regain
You cannot act as an EXTREMIST because you can we are the USA you have something profound to do show it, dont tweet it
Dylan shot up a church. How could that terrorism have been stopped. Gun control? No? Let's blue sky this one...
Maybe if you had stuck to revitalizing the dieing coal mines and opening factories as  elected  for you wouldn't look so bad right now.
Trump's senior economics advisor says it's never been economically viable to mine for coal, he's an ex Goldman Sachs mate of his I think
I think his entire staff is a couple bigots, couple blks, without jobs old wealthy friends, and his kids,oh yea Devos the daughter of a frnd
THANK YOU for keeping American lives a priority Mr President!
So all those folks who can’t get full security clearances......ya, right. #BigFatLiar #TrumpColluded
The courts are handling tings correctly.  Obey the law
Thank god.
If you want to keep America safe then you need to remove the Nazis, KKK etc. And White Christian males.
Boo fucking hoo #TrumpTraitor #Traitor
A compromise 4 these stable migrant workers who work so hard for so little. Farmers can't find workers otherwise. Maybe parole type system?
AGREE! We want vetting and more vetting to keep undesirables out. Also testing for diseases such as active tuberculosis. should not enter
Like you???
What's changed???????nothing more we were doing before the craziness stated January 20.....
Your Fired
1、做人不能这样，缺狗粮才知道来找我？
2、这么不要脸，这么没心没肺，你的体重应该会很轻吧？
3、远看一朵花，近看一堆牛屎渣，除了创造大粪，你还有什么追求？
4、哟！你这是刚被雷过啊，还是准备去雷人啊。
5、我感觉你像两头猪，因为一头猪已经不能形容你的蠢。
6、谢谢你让我见识了婊
You ae a total embarrassment and should be ashamed of yourself for your lack of humanity, humility or decency!
We love Kelley!
Extreme vett yourself for the sake of our country. And stop taking midnight ambien, it leads to foolish treats
Cool. Now can you focus on things that are killing far more Americans daily? You know like pollution, contaminated water...
Courts r POLITICIZED by Fascist Demon Rats. Fix is, DE-REGULATE Legal racket. Make it a crime for lawyers to charge fees @VP @stephenkbannon
@realDonaldTrump DO U REALLY WANT 2 HIT TERRORISM HARD,THEN DESIGNATE THE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD AN CAIR TERRORIST ORG.AN ORDER THEM OUT OF USA.
How about vetting in England to keep YOU out - you grotesque monster .
U got ur 90 days what is taking u so long.  Less golfing more working! #makeamericagreatagain
Thank you for protecting Americans Mr President. Liberal judges need to go.
Extreme Vetting... Does this mean I have to get my dog and cat chipped. They were at the Vets last week having their injections.
We've been EXTREME VETTING immigrants for years.
The courts, unlike your administration are doing their job. Unlike your administration and it's slapdash approach to virtually everything.
God Bless #OurPresident #United4PresidentTrump
Gee, I thought justice was blind...
They are trying to get things right.  They should not make hasty, off the cuff decisions. Or remarks. Or tweets.
Seems more people die from angry, unbalanced gun owners than from terrorists in the U.S.
We need EXTREME VETTING of every moron running for president going forward. See example A, monkey in WH.
You must have HC investigated for ALL HER CRIMES
Lincoln had to ignore the courts during the Civil War to save the republic. You may have to do the same to keep the nation safe.
Please block me
American vetting VERY strict before you came to power. Your actions have done little but hand ammunition to Isis recruiters.
#ExtremeVetting includes  Q: What is your religion A: Muslim --> Access denied. And yet #USA boasts about their freedom of religion #blah
What to do with people on the watch list?
"LOCK'EM UP".......
honest to god. What the fuck is wrong with you?

Common sense at at last. For Europe, maybe too late already.
Too bad EXTREME VETTING not required for presidents. $10 mil money laundering fine 2015, Trump University FRAUD settled 12/16. No ethics BAD
Too bad you weren't EXTREME VETTING the people on your White House staff. (Be honest. You don't know what that even means, do you?)
Who can figure out the real reason why Donald Trump has still not said anything about the shootings in Orlando? Enjoy!
I hope that the people that you have vetting people who travel here aren't the same ones who vetted your staff.
You can't even get your administration, you tangerine buffoon.
You know caps lock doesn't add credibility to your statements, right?
Perhaps you should spend more time vetting people who are in your administration!!!! Oh right....you didn't! #CrookedTrump
.@realDonaldTrump "Slow and political" is *your* M.O, dude.
You are slow and political. And also slow.
Who vetted you? Needs shot
Yes we do
God, bring America BACK to Constitution that You wrote with our Founding Fathers, may law, order, justice & Your anointed Cyrus prevail.
“The government of the United States is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion.”
—John Adams

Makes zero sense
I'm not complaining... I'm to busy playing PlayStation and getting laid to give a fuck.
Stop chain migration!! Send Malania and her parents back to what ever shithole country they came from!!
STOP BEING A BULLY
Immigrant's are already being Extremely Vetted! You are #NotMyPresident and you will not win against the Will of the People!
And YOU will not become a Dictator of the United States! ASSHOLE!
Idiot!
Hey, can we extreme vet @SebGorka who has an outstanding warranty for him in his homeland? Can you explain why you would let someone with arrest warrant work so close with you?
Shut The Fuck up Already Courts SAID 
NOOOOOOO
Wow! A president that hates our Constitution! We will remember come November.
And you, sir, are political and duplicitous.
I hope they find you!
Should have vetter the totally unqualified people you appointed...a muffler man, a hairdresser, a bartender. Ridiculous.
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are s...
your an embarrassment to this nation
My country would be infinitely safer if you would please resign. Everyone could sleep better at night and my children will be happy
You are answerable to the Courts just like the rest of us are.  You are President, not Dictator.
How I wish they would deport you.
What the hell is going on in this country?
Can you PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE use 'we' instead of 'I' more more more!!!  It will come across less singularly self-serving!
Wherein Trump, once again, displays his contempt for due process. He really, really wants to be dictator. It eats at him.
Tick...
We fumbled. Should have used EXTREME VETTING on you, Donny.
they should have done EXTREME VETTING on you before they let you in the white house!
That should apply to your staff and cabinet more than anyone !!!
How does someone as uninformed,  uneducated and unintelligent rise to become president?  Oh that's right racism
#ExtremeVetting #SpotOn
If only the natives had some that we would not have to feel with this problem
The government should have vetted YOU more closely
You need to add clean shaven white men to ur travel ban b/c one committed a terror attack in London 2nite. Read more when u wake up from nap
Too bad you didn't use that "extreme vetting" with your administration
You can't vet your own Administration how are you going to vet anybody coming from a foreign country
Good! Thanks! The courts need to be reminded of their duty to We the People.
Re: the courts, that's nothing new.
You going to Mars would make this country safe!!
So you openly admit that you choose to act contrary to law... you openly state you feel you are above the law
If you actually took the time to look over the vetting process you would realize it's already pretty extreme. What the hell else can you do
Trump shooting was done by American obviously mentally ill, you didn't care who has guns remember you promote hate
How come the democrats are not trying to ensure the safety of the American people.   They are self interested only
Гребаная расистская ксенофобная вязь
Everyday  are disturbing stories of illegal immigrants causing harm to Americans! POTUS deport them now & start vetting Protect the USA 
Just RESPECT the proportions. Currently USA accepts 10x more people from "certain" regions and -> from Europe,Western regions. Be "EQUAL"
Would not have to be worried about keeping the US had we refrained from starting the ME wars in the first place. Wars PLANNED b4 9/11
Need EXTREME VETTING IN THE WHITE HOUSE
I agree, I wonder if the courts are thinking about what is happening in our country. Probably not.
The courts are as corrupt as the media,  stay strong Mr P T
Happy Birthday President Trump! Many happy returns en remember to sleep enough, think joyful thoughts and concentrate on MAGA only!
Feel free to extremely vet resigning.
Clearly that vetting is better than the vetting we have for presidents
Will you do extreme vetting on your own cabinet? No? That's what I thought.
You are not a king and our country has a balance of powers. You are a sad excuse for a leader. Just a rookie loser.
Honorable Jeff Sessions is beyond reproach. A house divided will fall. And dems will destroy the US, they are traitors.
Fire the demos for obsrion justice.
Donald J Trump I am patiently waiting for the breaking news that you are no longer our president. Then maybe I can sleep in peace
After watching a documentary on what you're doing to US immigrants you need help
All the global insecurity problems was caused by American blind support for the Israel
You are truly delusional individual! Do the Country a favor and resign...........
Then why are you letting Saudis have a free ride?  Because they paid you so much?
You're the slow one
