Why bother with these assholes?
Kellyanne has got to be the dumbest person on earth. What rock did u find her under?
@TrueBlue0107 @MeetThePress @chucktodd Not surprised
With all due respect Mr President, why give them any airtime at all. You should direct your staff to stay away from MSNBC and CNN because they're nothing but propaganda news outlets of the democrat party. MAGA!
Because she's nothing but a liar
They had to HorseFace KC was taking up too much of AbRIFE.
you seem to perceive life differently than most. Stop verbally assaulting the media.
There must have been only 1 minute of real facts vs the 9 of alternative facts ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Why do any of your people waste their time going on those lame shows anyway ? it's ridiculous. Just say no
Donald you have nerve to anyone dishonest!!! That's the pot calling the kettle black
she lies through her teeth, how'd she muster 1min of honesty even?
@freedomusa_ @MeetThePress @chucktodd that's why we don't watch them. Lying Asses
@freedomusa_ @MeetThePress @chucktodd what do you expect from a DNC cuck ?
@chuckt Good - she is another fake news person - "Bowling Green Massacre"
ВАУІ
Conway is a liar, just like you are, Donnie.
But yet Kelly is no better with telling the truth than you. Funny, your perspective.
Pres. Please watch youtube ''Nigel Farage eviscerates the EU Parliament hypocrisy on Donald Trump'' Feb 1,2017
nobody likes you
fuck kellyanne shitmouth !!!
That's one more minute than she deserves.  I'm sure she got all the lies out in the first 15 sec.
if there's anything in those taxes your screwed you should have been honest and showedthemearlier
filthy hand on Lincoln's bible they're filing a lawsuit and they will get those tax returns and
if they dont impeach you first you already violated the constitution as soon as you put your
if those ppl get mad ain't no police is gunna stop them from getting to the white house
a militia and we will remove you physically from that white house you saw the marches Saturday
hey sensorship on science is fuckin obcean if you start infringing on ppls rights we will form
and by the way I hope the dems give you a shitload of trouble just like republicans did to obama
crap when we here it this is a free contry read the constitution it will help and is fun to read
and Chuck is very fair and alternative facts are not facts I'm a private citizen we know bull
@mikesmith8026 @MeetThePress @chucktodd don't grant them interviews as they lie
What else can you expect from these A Holes Mr. President.  Only interview on FOX
she spoke very well and didnt back down with the pressure on that one topic congratulations to her
9 too few.
please quit talking to CNN it's embarrassing to take a scaple to a gun fight with CNN! Jerks!!!
Good grief. Could u be anymore a tool & fool falling for an Authoritarian Con-man's scam?
I NEED TO FACTCHECK BY REWATCHING N COUNTING MINUTES ON AIR
you MAKE @seanspicer talk about inaug day crowd size and then get mad when what he said is questioned? You're nuts. #lies
waaaaaaaaaaaaaa waaaaaaaaaaa    How about some cheese with that whine????
@EricACowley @MeetThePress @chucktodd keep tweeting!
@maddowsboyhair @MeetThePress @chucktodd no more MSM #NotOneClick
congratulations sir. We the people stand with you
get  over it and stop tripping don!
I wouldnt talk to ANY of msm but Hannity, Judge j Pirro or Tucker!!
Thats upsetting!  They should have cut out all of it!  No one wants to hear that moron
mr
:
To be fair the whole of America is not mesmerized by you or your cronies every word!
She is a lying scumbag, the perfect Front for you. Neither of you is able to answer a direct question
Inaugaration is upon us and twitter is your nemesis
probly cuz she's so annoying. & didn't she start out talking smack about u? Seems trustworthy.
Kelly Anne sure is!!!
False day and night, summer and winter, all the time
1 min of propaganda better than 0 mins.
Nobody is buying her brand of bullshit anymore.  Yours either.
they cut it out because she was just babbling incoherently. Really, Kellyanne has got to stop the meth. Everyone says...
you should drop her - people dislike her as much as they dislike you (37% favorable rating - bad)
she never answers a question honestly or sraight to the point
because she is as disliked as u are
Outrageous
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/1390867671006283/ …
disgusting how they are treating Trump people!! going to cancel my cable because of fake news.
sway elections donna brazelle tried to sway the elections sorus tried to sway elections jill stein
kellyanne is brilliant and seems
so calm and comfortable  when defending DT for all of us love her
if an honest media is created everyone can get an honest interview 10 out of 10! Wishful thinking!
if HRC can create a dishonest media, President Elect, u 2 can at least create an honest one! ....
media who puts out garbage r so unfair! If it's truth worthy they seem 2 ignore it! .......
Proving Trumps claims of total bias in the media.
that was probably the only coherent & usable sentence she provided
They cut it because she was lying & refused to answer legitimate questions
Irrelevant Donald #Trumpy
Lies, lies, lies.  #LiarInChief #Illegitimate
Thank God for small favors!
LYING DONNY
Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Infuriated media cut her bullshit.
lol the infuriated media will be licking Trumps boot to get in those press conferences
I've stopped taking seriously put out on normal channels it is distorted or lacking in truth
Sickening!!! I can't wait to see Sean Spicer in action!!!!
You mean the same @chucktodd you once said you watched to inform yourself about foreign policy? Lolololol @realDonaldTrump @MeetThePress
Get real Donnie! It is called editing. When you say useless Lies it gets cut.
most people can only take a minute of Kellyanne.
Most likely because they were filled with lies and deceit.
Just like you're going to cut off Affordable Health Care for over 20 MILLION Americans.  GREAT.
They should have cut al of it out. She's a  cadete/puppet.
love the lady
Lie. "Team Trump knew that the show was only planning to run a sound bite, not full interview.”
Luv winning!  Over & over & over again! TY Kellyanne!!!
Dishonest Trump.  Terrible!  Sad!  Very unfair! BIGLY!  YUGE! Unpresidented!
tired of seeing her on anyrhing she's just as much a tool as you
THEY SHOULD NOT BE AT THE INAUGURATION .KNOW OTHERS THAT SHOULDN'T BE THERE EITHER

Liar. She's a fool and dishonest like her boss. KC has no credibility
Kellyanne is too straight and transparent for the gutter Press. But who cares.
paid hack
Did you see these videos? Lol http://therightscoop.com/people-are-posting-all-the-terrible-things-kellyanne-conway-said-about-trump-just-weeks-ago/ …
Love Kellyanne
most smart people disbelieve every lie she spees
It a redneck news program, I never wacth it.Most young people don't either.
you mean she couldn't spew all her lies. She is caught every time. Sad sad person.
oh - did they cut out more of her lies? Aww
What a woman!!!!
Meet the Press isn't dishonest. You on the other hand are.
.  Send her to Russia Today Newscaster, for sure they will be friendly to the Manchrrian advocate.
.@realDonaldTrump @MeetThePress @chucktodd @AnalyticsMktMgr. Sorry Donald, 1 minute of her #gobbledygook makes all eyes spin. #liability
pay for that woman to have a makeover. she looks like she's been ridden hard and put up wet.
dishonest Trump brings blank paper on stage claiming it's all the work he has done.
So what, she just repeats the same thing over and over. A female Donald
Well they could only allow 10% misrepresentation of facts.
i AM NOT SURPRISED ..THEY ARE HAVING A FIELD-DAY...FOR NOW!
It wasn't worth the time. Kelly is as bad as you.
watching this lady talking nonsense for 9 minutes is enough. We don't need 10 thanks.
if you did not repeat yourself #'FUCKkface Von Clownstick' your rallies would be 12 minutes SAD!
well she repeats so much like you( say the same thing 3 times) that all they needed was 1 minute
Crime infested? Grumpy check yourself and your cabinet members first. You are now the worst president ever.
Kellyass is a joke. She sounds like a fool defending you Trumpy. You 2 are so hated.
MSNBC is a hate factory.
We're tired of her BORING propaganda. No one wants to listen to NO NEW NEWS! The campaign's over.
The average attention span is roughly 8 secs... Who's listening to 10-min news segments anymore?
I think it's because the media is prohibited from publishing known lies #JS
surprised they didn't cut out all 10 - she has no relevance, except to lie
Can't stand to see her suck your dick for more than a minute.
maybe because she is a huge liar (almost as good as you) and a smug, ignorant hypocrite.
hypocrites is the democrats ' listen to lame stream media much!
you ever take your trump blinders off?  Ever really listened to his lies?
watched trump speak then changed channel to watch man bc take 2-3 words , spin to their views, numerous times! Those lies!
you can't see what u don't want to. I listened to HIS words. He catered to the hate for hrc n Obama. What's w/Russia ?
sorry but u liberals are spewing the hate ! Buckle up butter cup! And grow the fuck up! We didn't riot because of obama,
@rk55mk @crafticarolyn perhaps you should of rioted, he might of took notice of your grievances
Stop talking to these fools! It's a trap every time. They don't have your best interest at heart. Obviously
I hope Kellyanne's parents are ashamed of her. She's a walking lie.
Did she miss one if your "lying points"?  Everything doesn't revolve around you two crap birds!
@KellyannePolls is just your puppet, nothing more...nothing less
NEVER GO ON THERE AGAIN KELLY, DONALD OR ANYONE ELSE!
Why, was she on the wrong track?
#DontYouHaveMoreImportantThingsToDoThanTweetAbout @MeetThePress @chucktodd
Not surprised in the least!
Clown Show
no one wants to hear her bs bad bad choice loser
The question we must ask ourselves is how do we put the fake news media out of business?
they did america a favor the way I see it
nobody can stand her - just like you
I think it was probably because no one can stand her.
Is there anything u won't whine about? Get some balls.
because no one can stand the sound of her whiny pathetic voice anymore
did you expect any less
Insist on live interviews for you and main people or don't go. They'll bend.
LOL
Well, when she only has 60 seconds of newsworthy stuff what do you expect?
She's gross
KellyAnne Conway is a liar, just like you Donald. It's OBVIOUS. Who do you think you're fooling?
YOU MEAN LIKE HITLER HILLARY IN THE DICTIONARY LIAR=HITLER HILLARY
Maybe she'd get more time if she actually answered a question.
listening to her is toture
@MalsLAW Just Be Done With Them .. 
Maybe they thought a haggard Stepford wife regurgitating irrelevant  nonsense was wasted airtime.
We are tired of hearing ur LIES!!!
That's because she's nothing more than a talking head. Like a puppet she has no original thoughts. Eg. She's boring and fake.
Mr trump I wish the best for you, could please tell me what is your opinion about the Obama cuba
just cut her out
they have no respect for the truth they want to alter it for their benefits.
••• @realDonaldTrump •••
@MeetThePress @chucktodd
WE THE PEOPLE HAVE SPOKEN 
#TRUMPPOTUS #AmericaFirst
You big cry baby !!!!
we@will dontinue to boycott them until they treat you fair
It's called editing. I am sure The Apprentice NEVER had editing. Something is not dishonest JUST because YOU don't like it!
@KellyannePolls https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epYRlVRYVJQ …
or maybe it's because she lies and tries to spread propaganda.
I love kellyanne
Just watched whole interview. Why don't politicians ever answer questions with a "yes" or "no"? @realDonaldTrump @MeetThePress @chucktodd
We know this evil woman lies constantly  and deflects like all your people.
That's typical for one sided news
Terrible. #MAGA
