This is a lie and easy to disprove. 
Amen, pass the solar panels
how dare you do not wish mc cain well   senator mc cain we never agreed   but oh nobody deserves this i will think of you  hang in there
should they give you one penny for it they would be crazy
we?   you got a mouse in your pocket
no donald   economics are the problem
Maybe take guns away from white ppl. That will lower the crime rate. #MAGA
Not true. Look at the records. White's are lower on the list than blacks and Hispanics. White ppl kill less. It's a fact.
False. White ppl kill more than any other demographic on earth.
Not true. Do your resesrch
And Mexico has strict gun laws
Of course your facts are wrong and you are a serial liar and suffer from dementia. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Build the wall. It's to encourage entering our country the legal way. Come in illegally go home and stay there. Simple.
I'd like for someone to tell me why so many choose to come here illegally when they can come legally. Anyone??? Or would that be to easy?
If you get here by illegal means, you've done broke our law. If you'll break one why wouldn't you break more.
I agree with the wall. But not to keep ppl. To make them enter legally. Why risk it if you can do it legally? That's my point. Come legally
Make America Great. Who gaf about Mexico or Syria? It's America you need to worry about. And us at poverty level. It has to change.
How you uh, how you coming on that wall you're working on? Huh? Your big wall you've been working on for three years?
He's been in office for 3 years? Interesting. Wrong, but interesting.
No, no. You deserve some time off.
No, Donald, no. Stop lying.
You are a joke.
Vai construir o muro em volta do teu cu, seu merda!
Is there nothing that you can't pile crap on? America doesn't want your wall. That is your personal issue, NOT OURS!! No Wall No Ban!!!
You need to build a wall between you and a bucket of chicken.
Enough with the fucking wall already.
Ya construyelo @realDonaldTrump a mi no me afecta y creo que a los paisanos tampoco, hay muchos Panchos Villas aun que un muro no los frena.
Please go visit Mexico.
Very important that you say to Peña because is the unique person and his company that do not know...
Soon as you convince us it would do any good.
Ok .
Just stop please. You are terrible
Build it with the ice from Melania's cold shoulder.
No you won't.
Yep! And it could be a Solar Wall!
....or, you could just legalize reefer and concentrate on real drugs.
invade and you won't have to!!
Or you could end the War On Drugs limiting the power and profit of the drug cartels.
Tr**p, his staff and supporters would need an IQ to consider the wisdom of what u are suggesting #IllegitimatePresident
You say this like the Obama Administration did not have 8 years to do the same thing. I guess they don't got IQ either huh?
He was well on his way. Criminal justice reform, ending private prisons, diplomatic partnerships, these intricacies r beyond the bot IQ.
He was well on his way to distroying our country,the Muslim criminal crook that he is.leading to one world order.
Your satire is outstanding. You've really captured the ignorance, stupidity and bigotry of the average Tr**p supporter. 
Really, what is your IQ?
Who did the ranking? What's the source? @realDonaldTrump Could it be #fakenews ?
no. wrong
Just making up rankings this week,  are we?
Can we add a trench as well?,...
Well hurry up with that wall
Were these rankings from a Rasmussen poll?
I know you will make it happen. Whether it be brick, board, mortar, metal or solar you will make it happen.
Another Message for Donald Trump from Former Mexi…: https://youtu.be/iYZKrn7Bbl8  
liar
But then will you build a ladder too? So Americans can get into Mexico for medical treatment & RX? 
Praise God for our President !!!!!!
We expect promises kept. Make Mexico pay for it!
Awesome Mr. President!! Having experienced customs in Canada, I'd say we're way to lax in our border policies. #tcot #ccot
I thought you didn't believe in polls or rankings? Fake news! Building a wall won't stop the drug users from finding a way. Education is key
I just got back from Mexico. It was lovely.
.@realDonaldTrump we should, AROUND THE WHITE HOUSE

Mica en 15 minutos cumplis 17 años que opinas?
17
17 dije
 Dude, you just LIE for no reason at all, huh?
I knew that statement was bullshit!
I know right? I went ahead and checked lists for Countries, Murders, and Tourists....just to be sure, but I KNEW he was LYING...again. 
It just never ends with this nut.
Rump acts like Mexico is so bad but yet MEXICO GIVES ALL ITS CITIZENS UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE, like ALL civilized nations do EXCEPT U.S. !
Ok, look at all the countries that do that, which are very successful and are not supported or being taken advantage of? Work for it!
Why do Mexicans come here for no medical benefits? Really?
UR problem is Mike,you think Immigrants come to U.S. to "mooch"bc fox lies to you,they actually come to work & they pay more taxes than 45
I.........yeah you didn't do your research hahahahaha
Don't count on Schumer & the Dems funding it. Get funding for the wall by cancelling the checks the USA gives out to countries from A - Z . And let DACA expire.
High tech cameras that would sense motion. Military goes where the trouble is
By who asshole, Fux Noise?
Nope Donny wrong again..
you are a complete and utter *rsehole. Stop tweeting and give the world a rest.  Better still RESIGN
American's drug consumption is largely the cause. Stop consuming and sending money and weapons to the criminals!
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
Americans,  stop consuming drugs...!  And end of the problem
bonjour
Really? Then why are #s 1,3,4,and 10 on the best spring break destinations list IN MEXICO? Actually it’s 22nd on the “most dangerous” list... YOURE NOT even CLOSE! Here’s a challenge for you... go 1 day without a lie. I say you’re not even capable of it.
Brick by brick Build the wall!
Chinga tu madre, chao.

That report was withdrawn due to errors. Mexico is 25th most dangerous. Facts are good. Lying is bad.
wrong!, *$$haat
you pull lies out of your wherever/whatever to back you ignorant bigotry.
personally i wouldn't travel to mexico or to that large geographic red CSA either--AL? forget it. never, believe me. sad
Forget the wall & Save the $$$$ Change the laws & treat illegals as drug criminals. Property seizures & jail for those that aided & abetted in the crime. This would become a deterrent for hosting / employing illegals in the future or just grant them citizenship & collect taxes.
Why bother, Liddle' Donnie? Nobody wants to come here now that you've fucked everything up so badly. 
thanks
Could I get blocked from you ?
Rachell You made Trump appear on my timeline, I don't appreciate that
Sorry but Chris made cockroach appear in my TL as well
Just don't let it happen again
 It is blocked so I promise he won't appear again
Thanks ily
@JohnCotter123 enjoy tonight
Try 22nd...
Mr President Trump with the lawlessness in Mexico you could consider a military zone on the Mexico side of the boderr  for safety
Not factual ... you are basing this on total fatalities, not percapita. Please stop misleading the American people
Around the white house would be way better:)
You can't even fool me I am someone to talk to like a lot of a biggest problem is that bullying people who don't like it's not nice of you
And Mexicans will put a ladder against it and climb right over, cutting the razor wire.  You are such a fool Donny.
Catch all the illegals and force them to build the wall or jail them!
Man how the fuck is this coward our president ! Viva Mexico Hasta la chingada  
oh bunk! you know half the footage of drug trade violence is produced in a basement in Albuquerque, the other on location. BUILD A FUTURE
I also heard they hate you. What a shame. They just feel the same way we do. Lol. It is what it is.
USA= #1 drug user in the world! Mexico= Supplies the USA's drug DEMAND! So Mexico grow some balls and let's build a Wall! NOW!
thats okay, we know you like to be first. In a year or so we'll be ahead of Mexico in that category, along with 3rd world wages and schools
You can build the wall but we will just break it down
Liar, liar pants on fire! U think we can't find "real" statistics as opposed to your "alternative facts"?  You're dumber that I thought!
Good luck with that! I've seen the movie & just like your Presidency it was crap! 
#trumpwall #Trump45 #TrumpLies
God Bless The United States of America
Whoooohooo! That's my President!
The corruption is top down in Mexico. Address that, please.
Yada yada yada. Again with the wall.  Take your meds, sir.
Where will your administration get their drugs from if yoy build the wall? All are clearly doing drugs
We are going to hurry up and build that big beautiful wall after we deport gangs like ms-13
No, it wasn't. The millionth lie you've told
I'm gonna build a wall to protect me and my family from you cause you are the most dangerous person on my list #Trump
You are pathetic. Running out of smoke screens so back to this tired nonsense? #CRIMINALASCANBE #RESIGNNOW
Why don't you just issue a Mexican travel ban? Think you could do any more too undo the relationships with our neighbors Canada and Mexico?
This is a total lack of understanding of this issues at play here. We should be building relationships, not walls.
Way to dump on our ally.
Will let you guys now if there's anything good
I hope so
Wow, yup ! We need the Wall ! Best idea ever. We need some way of preventing more crime and drugs the wall is the answer.MAGA! God bless
Please deport and stop funding States that support illegal immigration welfare and programs.
And to think, you have the audacity to wrongly call #Bernie 'crazy'. SMH. Improve safety in Mexico by ending the #DrugWar
maybe the drug companys had there dirty hands in it.
I'll kindly remind u that Mexico also has health care that benefits everyone not just the super rich ask @VicenteFoxQue if u want 2 know how

America's #BerlinWall to keep Americans away from their favourite holiday centres in South America
If pot was legal would that take away "gateway drug" status? Could this weaken the cartel? Unbiased education is key.
This country needs fixing. To hell with the other countries. Ain't we been feeding them long enough!!!
No you won't. You have no power. Wealthcare proves it. You promised no attack on Medicaid. All the GOP bill does is attack it & you love it.
Ya supera a México y dedica a tu gente y tu país 
They're killing each other for our drug money.  Tax & control marijuana.
And Mexico will pay for it...right?
It's also known as the most corrupt country in the world. The 2nd factor of MX's GNP is the $$ sent back by legal and illegal aliens!! WOW!
You are ridiculous.
Stop selling weapons to drug cartels. Where do you think they get it?
The government of Mexico have sold out the ppl of Mexico and that's not our problem - BUILD THE WALL
Paid for by money you're trying to steal from Medicaid, yeah?
Keep it up with attacking Mexico & they may allow North Korea to put a military base there. Same story with Cuba. The first nuke is for you.
when?
Bs always stays Bs
I'm sure Canada will be building a wall to keep the crazy "trumpets" out.
Don't worry, we soon will be not just the second one, but the first one! What will you built in here then??
How about we "build" good lives for everyone who lives in our Country with that BLOOD MONEY your taking away from our healthcare!
Another case of retweeting a Drudge Report. Nice going #tinyfingers
You should build a conscience. But neither will happen.
Drug *war* is largely the cause
Build it.
Tackle the root cause: massive demand for criminalized substances. Wall will be ineffective, raise drug value, and make traffickers richer.
We are behind you Mr. President stop these drugs please continue to force the law that we already have and build the wall I will donate
Good!
Hey Double D good comments. Keep them coming.
China has a Wall and they don't have any Mexicans
And I guess the U.S IS the safest at the moment? Mr. President quit picking on people and countries and act like a Presidential
Thank you President Trump we need the WALL
U  said they could use ropes and ladders 2 come over. They dig tunnels. How will u stop that? Too bad ur immigrant member wasn't stopped.
Since neither country has invaded us #leavethemalone #asswipe
Si no existiera mercado para las drogas, los narcos no se criarian aquí, ellos son los drogadictos y culpan al vendedor?
Ni si quiera se hacen aquí las drogas, aquí es la sangrienta oficina de correos bah
Please please stop all immigration
Another brick in your wall ...
you are honestly something else
smh.... i would feel more safe in mexico than in states... as long the gunlaws and police violence problems not get touched....
Why aren't they on the list of banned countries then??? Why not North Korea too?
Can we just build a wall between you and everyone else? I'm sure Mexico would be happy to pay for that.
Make a pact with Illegals. Work on building wall for 15,000 hours on reasonable pay and get citizenship.
HAHAHAHAHA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  
BUILD THE WALL
If us citizens stop consuming so many drugs, maybe the drug traffic will decrease!!! Don't you think @realDonaldTrump?
Solar panels is a great idea.
Thank you,  Mr President
You are lying again. Get your facts next time, please. You are SUPPOSED to be a leader! Hahahahahahaha!
Actually Mexico doesn't even make the top 15 for most homicides per 100,000 people. 3. Belize 2. Venezuela 1. Honduras
Thank you!! How do I get a job building it?
U REALLY ARE WAY OUT THERE? HAVE U TAKEN YOUR MEDS YET? I WILL CALL IVANKA TO GIVE YOUR MEDS.
Thank you President Trump 
Why such short pressbriefings?And only to hear a repudiation of the press-who speak/repr.us. Only dictators try to impugn the press-stop it!
Maybe decriminalize pot, regulate it, tax it, and choke Mexico's cartels of that money. More jobs and revenue for us. Duh.

MEXICO IS OUR ALLY!!!!! 
