What have YOU done since being informed 7 months ago? Zip, nada, nothing. You are protecting Putin!
TY!! He keeps blaming PBO for "not doing anything about the Russian attacks" (even tho he did), but HE's @POTUS -- WTF is HE doing? NOTHING!
Trump wants to invite Putin to the WH! He wants to lift sanctions against them! Laughable to blame any of this on President Obama!
Ikr?! He's such a gaslighting, delusional narcissist. It's insane anyone believes a single word that comes outta his mouth or tiny fingers 
Thats BHO's legacy. Do nothing president and everything was a Seinfeld episode. Much to do about nothing.
Obama's approach to the Middle East can be summed up in six words: praise Muslims, punish Christians, blame Jews. Muslim activist. NO more
Do you think the dog is one of the family members?
Just another lie. I'll worry when the other 62% start believing you. You need help, sir
Not true. He tossed out a bunch of Russians though he missed a big fat orange one.
Sic 'em!!  
Why are you giving back compounds Obama seized? Why allowing diplomats back in he expelled? Why trying to lift sanctions? #liar #traitor 
Why aren't you doing 1 damn thing about your Russian pals hacking our election? You know they did it-IC has briefed you. In fact, you asked!
You are such an awful little man & your jealousy of a smarter & far better POTUS, who won the popular vote too (twice!) is apparent.
The "real story!!" Lmao! You wouldn't know the "real story" if it came up and bit that substantial ass of your. #DoAPushup #PushupFromTable
WRONG! Please quit lying
No...he can't do that...Trump is pathological!
What have you done about Russian meddling since taking office?
Nothing but suck there ass
That is a pants on fire lie.
If that is true, why are you talking about returning the Russian compounds to them and letting diplomats that were expelled, return?
In fact Obama made a speech just 1 month before the election, in which he indicated, "and let me be clear" that no one could interfere with our elections, "its impossible". I do not miss that cadence talking, smug, sorry excuse of a leader. #MAGA
The real story is that YOU r the traitor.  BTW, u know that Putin kills those who r not useful to him any longer, right? Dead man walking.
This is not good to think this way. But I keep thinking this is going to end up like a Kennedy story. People around the world despise trump
Why are you targeting Medicaid and disabled and elderly people. Why can't you hit the rich people...like government employees in D.C.
I voted for you but I'm getting discouraged how you're dealing  with this. I'm disabled and on Medicaid, there's no way I could pay medical
You want to reward them by dropping sanctions and returning spy compounds. More FAKE NEWS from the FAKE PRESIDENT.  #BLOTUS
"Russian meddling"? Thought you said Russia was a hoax? Why would PRESIDENT OBAMA need to do anything with "NOTHING"? Confess much?
That's a flat out lie. Obama tossed record numbers of RU diplomats, seized compounds & put sanctions in place for you to use. U didn't.

Blah blah blah Obama blah blah blah Clinton blah blah blah Covfefe blah blah blah
#Resign
Duhhh, he set up sanctions on Russia and worked on a "cyber bomb" program before he left office. How's that program coming along?
T, how's that cyber bomb program coming along? The one Obama was working on before he left. You wouldn't deep-six that, would you?
The really really real story is Trump spends his days watching TV and tweeting and then plays golf in his big-booty pants!
Pres. Obama personally confronted Putin abt this & guess what? Russian "meddling" ceased. More measures taken, too, so STOP LYING #PutinsBoy
GET TO WORK & stop whining!  how can you run the country if you are always on your phone?
For Trump, maintenance of 34% base is crucial
@realDonaldTrump - pls go back to work. Oh right you do not know how to work FOR us! Sigh...obviously, YOU are nervous about #TrumpRussia.
Bravo Giggy!!!
@OpenThePrimary 
The Real story is the"Russia,Russia,Russia" has Finally Been Debunked! Not only Debunked but used 4Ratings
"Russia" has occupied the space that belongs to Seth Rich. Cynical. Intentional. CNN CEO Zucker must testify in OPEN DOOR session asap.
Area man continues to post lies on twitter to his crazed followers. The world anxiously awaits his #impeachment #FakeNews spreads his lies
https://twitter.com/___Justyce___/status/881550456811429889 …
Just stop it. You're ignoring facts. Just lead.
Don't you have more fake Time Magazine covers to print? #trumpelstiltskin #Loser
Why do YOU, Mr. President, continue to make up alternative facts and create fake news?  Completely irresponsible.
The real question is, what have YOU done to protect us from further Russian meddling? Invite them in to the Oval Office? Uh, huh.
U r nothing but a Fox News parroting puppet! Even the Americans who were conned by u r starting to see ur true colors.
@realDonaldTrump This is absolute horse shit.
Obama booted diplomats, applied sanctions (which you tried to lift), seized compounds.
 You - whined, lied.
Because he's a better man than you:
What have you done in 6 months?.  Besides denying everything your twisted mind dont like? Jerk
And you asked them to hack your opponent, had campaign staff and son in law meet with them,
You benefited from it and have done nothing. You have been laundering Russian mob money for decades. You're going to prison.
Who enacted the sanctions that you are so desperately trying to retract? Our last REAL President. Obama. Wasn't a puppet like you.
And now you have had five months and all you have done is invite them into the Oval Office to share secrets thanks president Homer Simpson!
#TrumpRussia
Obama showed a forged birth certificate. Just sayn....the potus HAS shown a tax return. Twitter sure brings out the nuts
Said by this tweep: 
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2016/09/09/politics/donald-trump-birther/index.html … #ReleaseTheTaxReturns
That goes for his entire Presidency!  #Obama had one thing he wanted, destroy #America, and he almost did it!  It may even be to far gone!
Right on Mr .PRESIDENT!
The only real stories I've seen is of destruction and division due to a narcissistic man belittling ppl when his feelings get hurt.
Would love to see a policy debate between you and Obama. Or Hillary. You'd get the world's attention. Best publicity ever! @FoxNews @CNN
NOTHING? Obama expelled 35 Russian diplomats, sanctioned entities and individuals. Yet you claim you want to "move on".
He imposed sanctions that you want to lift. He took away compounds that you want to give back. https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/883901889049317376 …
Right like the sanctions? I can hardly wait until people start remembering facts again.
Yet now you say that "nobody" knows who did it. Stop the bullshit boy. You are just unable to stop lying and whining. #NotMyPresident
You would be bitching if he did too.
BARRY SOETORO INDONESIAN CITIZEN! FRAUD IN CHIEF! http://tinyurl.com/MadsenSubud  http://tinyurl.com/FuddySubud 
And what are you doing about it, other than denying it happened when it serves your purposes to distract from #TrumpRussia investigations?
You seem to be incapable of accepting personal responsibility 
#Invoke25Amendment
Obama didn't believe our country was dumb enough to elect you!
not true and you know it.
Another day another lie. Obama expelled Russian diplomats, seized their compounds, set severe sanctions and you tried to undo it all day 1.
Except for the Crippling Sanctions. Trump did NOTHING to Russia for their cyber attack on America. Lets be honest here old man.
You said it was a fake story, fool. What were they supposed to be doing about a fake story? Do you even logic?
You are a liar & have no respect for anyone or country. You are hated & despised around the world for being so fake. Media is honest
The real story is everyone knows what a liar you are.
The real story is you are fixated on erasing President Obama's legacy....not serving our country!
Except kick diplomats out of the country, close US offices and impose sanctions, you know, the sanctions you immediately wanted gone?!! 
For a man who is morally & intellectually bankrupt, @POTUS has mastered the art of character  assassination in the social media.
Are you playing a game where you earn points for saying Obama or fake news?? Can you tell us how you are addressing the many crisis in US
Stop spreading lies!!! You know who kept the info from going public, your buddy @SenateMajLdr. He and 7 others in Congress had info.
Are you blaming @BarackObama because he actually has more authentic @TIME magazines covers than you? Jealousy is very unbecoming sir.
You are a very jealous toad!  You'll never be loved like President Obama is...you'll never be presidential!
Liar #Fakefromyourmouth
@FLOTUS your husband found his phone. Please hide it better tomorrow.
The real story is you have no idea what you're doing. You're stupid and you're dangerous. Resign.
You know that guy isn't the President anymore, right?
Mr. President it seems you've accomplished the impossible; took on the #FakeNews MSM and won. Past Repubs simply cowered and took it. #MAGA
But you said Russian meddling is a hoax!
He's an arrogant idiot! His ego is such that he wanted to run for another term!! WTF?
Fake Time, Fake President, but always blames others.
Donald, I'm behind you 100%
Stop trashing Obama , You should be more like him !
Pardon me, but that's a lie. Obama expelled Russian diplomats, seized their compounds, set severe sanctions in motion for Trump to trigger.
You're just scared they're about to point the finger at you! Can't wait to see your impeachment
And you have you already done?
Are you THAT intimidated by President Obama? Well..yes you are , and it clearly shows. Ha
Someone has a real hard on for President Obama.
@realDonaldTrump you suck. #treason #impeach #34% #lowestapprovalratinginhistory
So you invite people to hack our country, then claim it never happened, and now blame it on Obama. You're a real piece of work, Clownstick.
We love D.Trump.
Maga
Lets see...False & defamatory statements made by Donald #Trump against President Barack #Obama's #Presidency Is there a #lawyer on Twitter?
Says the guy that's doing nothing about Russia except KISSING PUTINS ASS ! #TRAITOR #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
You have been in office more than 4 months now. WHAT HAVE YOU DONE ABOUT IT. Want to explain that to your brain dead minions? #failure
OB who?? Oh yes he did plenty of BAD, his goal to collapse USA, Thank you President Donald J Trump for putting USA back together again.
That dang Obama!
REAL story is BHO believed no one would find out it was he who was colluding with fellow socialists as PRESIDENT HRC had his 6 @seanhannity
Getting real sick of your incessant whining. #boring #work
Because there WAS nothing to worry about but the main prize #CrookedHillary  #MAGA
I wish this Government was as clear as everyone said it will be. I Voted 4 U so please keep up w/ the things u r doing 4 r Military x  Mom
.@realDonaldTrump Fault always lies in the same place my fine babies: with him weak enough to lay blame. 'The Drawing of Three' @StephenKing

You wish it was
SORE LOSER! Terrible president. Horrible leader. Horrible with money (4 bankruptcies?!)
So what are you going to do? Now that you acknowledge that Russia meddled in the election.
Mr Trump, you are a liar. You were a liar in NY in the 80s when I met you and you are still a liar.
He kicked them out of the country and levied sanctions. Sanctions you tried to lift. Stop lying.
Nothing? Seems to me he warned the President Elect about a guy named "Flynn"...
YOU'RE FIRED!
Always the LIAR IN CHIEF!  Can't face the truth so always blames others. Pathetic excuse of a man.
Coz they all making money from Russia and they need to hide and make Trump the news and hide their corruption #DTS
#realdonaldtrump No the real story is that U were told n Jan & have DONE NOTHING. Deflect all U want Little Man, U R still a con artist.
Pathetic. Despite trying to brainwash the US about Obama, you will always be the worst POTUS now and forever. Give it up
Nice attempt at diverting the blame. #crookedDonald
This is entirely horseshit, by the way. Obama kicked out Russian diplomats and closed their compounds. However, you invited them back. #LIES
BLAMINGThe Russians was the Corrupt part to destroy our President! "UNJUSTIFIED",They are still NOT being brought to Justice! OBSTRUCTION!
No Trumpcare? 
Nobody trust you to give us the "real story" on anything, and you have EARNED that reputation.
Liar, liar, panties on fire!
AG @jeffsessions hello hello.. anyone home @potus replace 6monthsfailures with RESULTSDRIVEN trustworthy proven Prosecutors Rudy or Christie
Honestly they need to investigate the Democrats, Hillary, Clinton foundation, AG Lynch, Comey, and lets put some real crimminals behind bars
#AlternativeFacts he put in sanctions, expelled diplomats and took their compounds (all things you've tried to give back)
You were informed too, & what did you do about it? Nothing.Stop blaming Pres Obama for things you could get done if you were a better leader
Sorry, that response is incorrect, but get ready for our lightning round.  Quick, 100% of 23 million is..........
You are lying. Remember the 35 diplomat and the compound .? That you wanted to.return to Russia. You love to manipulate everything. Your way
No. The REAL STORY is watching you squirm and deflect and lash out like a DUMB ANIMAL! They're getting close, aren't they?!
The real story is you place blame on everyone but you. You refuse to take action or believe it. Shift blame and do nothing is DJT motto
Seems to me, Little Hans, that Obama (The Greatest Ever) threw the Russians out and you let them back in! #TrumpIsTreason
Real???? You know nothing of what is real and real people that have to actually work for a living. WH is a fraud and the world knows it.
Dude the more you lie the more treasonous you are
Trumpiod, you need to be concerned about Americans, not your Russian cohorts.
. @realDonaldTrump You've been in office 5 months, you have done nothing but try to ease sanctions. You are the one colluding with Putin.
What have you done to punish Russia since taking office?

Squat. You handed them sensitive intel and pushed to reduce sanctions. U Traitor.
Wow now your concerned Fake President
Dude. That's not even remotely true. He threw Russians out of the country. Is this senility setting in? Otherwise that's some weak lying.
You sure spend a lot of time deflecting and not answering. Focus on your admin and not the guy w higher approval rating
Deflecting to President Obama, Mr Trumpikin, wont release you from your responsibilities. Such prolific lying!!
The only thing Obama didn't do to you @realDonaldTrump is expose you as a traitor. You should be thanking him
Obama levied sanctions and called out Russia by name.

You are still trying to lift sanctions. Your best buddy is Putin.
Hey DT, tweet to Warren Flood and ask him why he was pretending to be Guciffer2.0 and DMd with Roger Stone.
You are a .
And you have done nothing for 6 months other than lie and take time to play golf 40x oh and defend Putin while criticizing everyone else!
And you are a pathological liar and believes only what benefits you.
What would you like him to have done? You said it was all a hoax.
Liar liar pants on fire!!! #LiarInChief
Ok, Ok it's Obama's fault you have to be president.  But don't despair!  You can resign, we won't be mad.  Take a few things from WH even.
We need a special prosecutor to investigate the former president.
Sorry Mr.@POTUS you are incorrect. With all due respect Barack Hussein Obama did NOTHING all the time, all 8 years he was @WhiteHouse
You are so jealous of the real President Obama. You will never be like him! #sad
That is just the point----Obama did NOTHING for 8 years!
The reason your brother drank himself to death is because he had to look at you.
And you have had it for more than 5 months. What have YOU done?
WRONG!
The REAL STORY is YOU are doing NOTHING about Russian Meddling!
WHY ARE YOU DOING NOTHING?
Kremlin got your tongue?
Stop tweeting and do something about it. Get your lazy ass off the couch and stay off the golf course.
The real story is all of the obstruction of justice and abuse of power you have been doing...
Once again you insult Obama with pure BS. Obama looked Putin in the face & told him to STOP, you've done nothing. He expelled, sanctioned...
..took back two compounds. Not harsh enough? Sure. But he acted & spoke out straight on Russian hijinks. You've done NEITHER. Apologize to O
You've been in office 5+ months & have done NOTHING about  meddling. Obama imposed sanctions, you tried 2 remove them. U have done NOTHING
Mr.trump my name is kenny shepherd i would like to tell you that you are awesome
You usually mean what you say ,and say what you mean .I think you will make a great president
Dude... your jealousy of President Barack Obama is just downright CREEPY
Please don't get us into a nuclear war just because you have a small penis. Small hands, I mean small hands, of course!
Good so you admit now that Russia meddled in the election
You know that's a lie. Obama expelled Russian diplomats, seized their compounds, set severe sanctions in motion for Trump to trigger.
Can you ever be honest? Even once?
Correction;.... that lying Obama....
You r jealous of President Obama.President Obama has already bn name 1 of the 12 greatest presidents, but u go dwn in history as #TrumpGate
God bless if think this is real & 4 trump u need all the blessing u can get,if ur like that narcissistic A-Hole. #PO1/12BestPresidentsElectd
But if he did, you probably wouldn't be president. And your comment is like the car thief who drove the car to the police station saying, "You didn't catch me!"
Obama and the Obama administration meddled in foreign elections continually. Just 1 prime example was when he tried to replace Netenyahu in an Israeli election. Fact.
#MAGA
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months ...

That because of you
U R A LIAR
#tRUmp, ur such a  The "real story" is that ur doing nothing NOW to stop Russian meddling. U know being #POTUS is more than a title, right?
Obama knew about Russia back to 2014 and he did nothing
Pls provide a credible link corroborating your assertion.
Perhaps the failure to provide a link supporting your claim suggests an uninformed bias. Try this instead:
No my failure to respond had more to do with me being busy. Calm down.
I am plenty calm, thanks; enjoying my Labor Day. Hope ur doing the same.

PS: Sorry abt the long article, but it's well worth the read.
