رYou have to work harder to eliminate the terror that has plagued the world
Going to CPAC!...
DACA Dreamers deserve a path to citizenship now!  Vote to make DACA Dreamers, who are Americans, fully included citizens!  Make their dream come true!  They deserve it!  #QueenoftheHill
then, I'm gonna take a SHIT watch Fox News, and TWEET about how much everyone hates me :(
傻逼
Bernies campaign manager worked for Putin and Manafort. Is that why Bernie paid Devine $10 million?
SO PRD 2 SAY I'M PRD OF OUR PRESIDENT! ITS BEEN WAY 2 LONG 2 B ABLE 2 SAY THT. MY MOMMA, GOD RST HER SOUL, WLD B SO PRD 2!
stuff that horn some where. PLEASE! GROW UP!
shut up
Change "CPAC" to HELL
Yes you did - and I wish the media would play your speech there next to your COngressional speech. Oh - & include Bannon's.
- NSA are monitoring whoever they want. Don't need to plant bugs in Trump Tower. You need exp advocate to change fortunes.
I am so glad we have a real man in the white house now and would fight to my last breath for you my commander and chief!
I have a letter that i want to send or text you please. It is all positive I assure you sir.Sincerely,Michael A. Germann
of course! You can only handle preaching to the choir. Would've loved to see you have the guts to face The Women's March!
good stay there.
a man who focuses so much on the past is not concered about the future!
WAKE UP DONNY!! It's tweeting time!! Go boy Go!!!
Did you know CPAC is an acronym for "The Numbnuts Convention"?
CPAC cured MY snoring!
with 2Pac?
How could you?  CPAc denies freedom of speech to others!  EVIL!  Ask Milo.
and stay dere never come back
Apparently #CPAC only allows heterosexual pedophiles to speak...

#TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #BiggerThanWatergat
- I have a comprehensive solution to your current dilemma I wish to speak with you about. Best regards. Clayton.
Sorry you returned.
way to go President Trump
What? Snoring problems?? Hahahahahahaha
AKA Nuremberg Rally.
thank you President Trump for the job you've done so far looking forward to the next eight yeays
yes!
does a safe zone where everybody tells u ur doing everything right make u feel good?  Face it- you don't know what ur doing
gross
#TrumpisPutinsBitch
ugh
此法III O何謂渴望EQ iOS俄亥俄水庫或相關的問題
Was Awesome
Thank you for your help.  I do not listen to news and I do not read negative tweets from lazy winers.  Stay strong!
what is cpac
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/top-5-tech-companies-that-offer-highest.html …
"Doggonit, people like me!"
A great speech! I love all ur speeches. Ur inaugural speech I quote from all the time! You have brought back life to all!
You were amazing Just wonderful
Need a CPAP? I'm sure!
“@realDonaldTrump: Going to CPAC!” at first glance I thought this said "going to do CRACK!" and I was like this explains a lot
Is your use of Nazi iconography & language purposeful or does it just come to you naturally?
Going to have a C.R.A.P.
this is so cool that I and other citizens can comunicate with the president.
Is that in Hell?? No?? Damn. Lol
when will the police receive the same benefits as the military?
with the pedi files? You will fit right in
can I get Visa Senior Trump? Great moves keep it up 
Drain the swamp!!
where are the# videos of you and Milo?  He likes sanctimonious, egotistical and narcissism in his older men
Didn't notice you there. All attention was on #PresidentBannon! What a slob he is, but he's our President!
Six blocks of people lining up..? LMAOOO fagg
you wellcome and i'm sure  am wellcome.
sounded  like a president tonight proud of you
Don't give a shit!
I saw and what a joke it was. Egotistical is a mental disorder.
And Reagan cries in shame.
don't come back....please
Who cares?  Resign!  You're obviously a loser!
loved your speech 
Great speech Mr. PRESIDENT
OK!   What the f*** is this guy's problem?
WHO CARED FAKE PRESIDENT?
Watched it. You were awesome.
Listen the CPAC members more and Steven Bannon less. Make America function again. Stop being puppet.
do you want a fucking cookie? Next your going to tell us when you go poo.
should go to ASPCA..
What a joke you are: please send condolences to victims  of hate crimes done in your name and due to your poor policies.
and???
Why do you announce everywhere you go? Aren't you making it harder for your security teams?
do u even know what that is ?
Loved your supporters waiving their Russian flags.  Classic!
mental illness  exhibition.. if your crazy you were there
I went out too.  Thanks.  My 10 year old went to movie.  Cool.
Hope I see you there so I can say 2 your face "You are a horrible, terrible being that's letting Bannon/Sessions wreck US"
WooHoo.
if you really want to shut the Dems up. Let Sessions announce a special prosecutor for HRC
What would Jesus do? Well, for starters, he'd probably run away screaming from a fact-loathing sheep like you.
Work work work! Making our beloved country great again! #MAGA #BuildTheWall
why don't you go to Grandma's house and meet the wolf
so you can lie about how many people or outside waiting to see you. I saw the pictures Trump there was nobody but a buffoon
Gag!!
You misspelled Hell
trump put on an incredibly performance. Prime example of a STANDING OVATION !
yeah, I watched, scary. It wasn't about you by the way. Weren't many people there
I love the new President!
Hey, you have something on your chin... third one down...
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
Your mother is portly to the extent that it causes discomfort, and negatively affects her ability to perform daily tasks
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
it's spelled Tupac
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
would like to see you face the press like a man not a mouse
You went to CPAC, but unfortunately you came back. Do us all a favor. Go away and don't come back. #resist
Good. With all the weight you're carrying around it'll really help you sleep at night.
Amazing, Historical Speech
Inequality is a root cause of conflict. We want to see justice for the United Nations. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kw8bgNGSDPQ …
Who really cares?
- birds of a feather! How about - attending a conference where you could learn some thing- bunch of F$&@ White Men! Idiots
Anti American group. Touting "DECONSTRUCTION" of the American government. TREASON!!!!
Another white white supremacy group
Well known and widely told that you even cheat at Golf all the time. JESUS.
Time to ruin democracy!
This Year!  You skipped last year.... hmmmm didn't need them then.  Now you do.
Have fun with the colon packers!
You miss-spelled : You making America CRAP!  Fake growth, inflation, money +, standard of living and genuine needs -: BOZO!
#fakeDonaldTrump -  Going to CRAP!
great president
you didn't get a standing ovation...
I believe this was a good choice & chance to get your message out to the rinos, too.  Good speech.
: how about going to Russia permanently?!
to tell more lies to people who will believe them #sad
Wave those Russian Flags with Donny name on them.
a lot of seniors use something like that at night for sleep apnea. It helps!
who gives a ray's ass!
best speech ever!!!!! We just love you Mr.President!!!! (I hope twitter doesn't censor this)
stay there, PLEASE!
Thank you for destroying the Party of Lincoln!
TAX RETURNS NOW! Denounce hate & violence! Be a leader FFS! We see your game & WE RESIST! #unfit #puppet #IMPEACH
no one cares what you do in the bathroom.
Excellent. #maga
Do you realize how insulting it is to non-Christians when you advocate God as the Father of all?
sounds thrilling.  Whats the point of a tweet about it?  You may as well tweet 'Going to the TOILET!'
A man of his word. CPAC stands for "Continuously Post About Crap" yeah?
I'm not surprised you went to CPAC (Corrupt Politicians Annual Conference)!
Your speech at CPAC was grand.  Five Stars *****
@CNN @FoxNews @ABC @NBCNews @MSNBC @maddow does CPAC stand for, Con People Across Country'?
sounds like you were one of the few.
Well, I'm going to see you get impeached for your links to Russia!
Controlled Putin Appointed Clowns #Trumprussia #Flynnghazi #Putinspuppet
no one gives a rat's ass
Don't forget your Nicaraguan flag.
Is that the new name for Hell? #SALESMANRUNSAMERICA
you don't wanna "C" Pac trust me Trump.. Thug Life lol
I saw a picture of you waiving a cute little Russian flag with your name on it..
typo - should be CRAP
Shouldn't this say "Going yo CPAC!... Going to wave me some Russian flags!"
that was awesome the way all the Russians waved your flag at you!
