Oh the vengeful sentiment. What made you think sane people would support you? Quiet and stay with your base!
I study people who say things like you do. Do u really think what you tweet makes you appear confident? It doesn't.
You mean you regurgitate your indoctrination... do you think it makes you sound smart? it doesnt... @2beachgirls @realDonaldTrump
neither does your rhetoric disrespecting the president
I hope that wasnt aimed at me, because mine wasnt aimed at the President...
it was to beach girls. President Trump deserves respect no matter what anyone views are
I only watched the show twice starring Arnie, and I just couldn't give it a thumbs up.
who was a movie star? That was a stupid game show. Not a movie.
Great work Donald
He shows good judgment and patriotism for supporting Kasich and Hillary.
And worse, he is a man. Something you will never aspire to
When will you stop commentating TV shows and start being a president to the American people? Please step up soon. @POTUS
Guess what! In this country our votes are protected from being bullied over them. Hope u get impeached over vote bullying
Really?  Good God start caring about what matters!
that tells you in a nut shell
Never has an American Pres-Elect said things so emotionally immature, mean-spirited and petty. Why fish for compliments?
#dumptrumpnow
#NotMyPresident
#impeachtrump
not presidential at all.. we will miss obama.. you will never be presidential like him #fucktrump http://fucktrumpgear.com 
Tired of all the haters. I'm proud to say our country will be great again. Out of work at the moment.  I'll work the wall
Remember when NBC filmed your last season, and sat on it for a year and burned it off two episodes a week? (Waited so long Joan rivers died)
you care Donald!  You are the one tweeting about it. You are a walking, talking contradiction. Bizarre!
Could you be any less presidential? Sad.
you skip security briefings but have time to watch this stupid show? Impeachment can't come soon enough.
The world is on fire and this is the focus....scratching my head
.@realDonaldTrump Honey, the grandiosity and obsessive self-comparison makes you seem like a bit of a mad King. Just breathe. Just breathe.
. Intelligence briefing about hacking. Shouldn't the PEOTUS be focussing on that and other great things today?
Arnold is NOT you, Mr. President. God Bless!
I would blame the executive producers.
you're classless beyond belief.
You really are such a petty dickhead.
must not be to petty he was elected president
He's gloating about having better ratings on a TV show when he's about to become president. I call that petty.
at least he communicates obama goes on vacation
your the one who cares. u mentioned it like this is important in any way .
#DoYourJob
you are a sick mind, man
you may very well be more of an idiot than I thought. How is this behavior presidential?
Clearly you care.  Because, we do not. #thisisourpresidentfolks #shame
please seek mental help.
if your going to spray tan, have them spray your ears and behind! Also you hair part.Not attractive!
got anyone to appear at your show yet? Or are you just going out to spew more bullshit?
Hey Donny. Obviously you care since you're tweeting about it. Does Spicer know you're in the middle of a breakdown?
Maybe the ratings were rigged. You should ask that question when you get your briefing today.   Because who cares?  Apparently you do.
still up doing cocaine I see
leave those little boys alone father!
You're meeting with intel today and tweeting about ratings on The Apprentice. Get out of our lives.
is there a service that shares the POTUS' timetable of meetings?  Or what is slotted in for a day? ...
Not that I know of, but usually available from media.
of course, but Would be great if someone made some bot that gathered & posted in one place for accountability
There may be one
Think about this:Trump spends 1 hour daily with a hairstylist to get that comb over. More time than intel briefing.
hahahahahahahah!  What about spray tan?  Cuz I dunno if he spends TOO much time on that...
Do the combover & spray tan artists get security clearance so they can touch up during meets with foreign dignitaries?
@JulieWilcoxWX seriously!!
It's bizarre. I'm running out of words it.
ALERT BC Feck only word have-This is nothing  #TheResistance endnotmany
you are such a baby
Why don't you grow up and start acting like you have the most important job in the world? Who cares who can pee farther?
I'm starting to regret voting for you, you petty child
@realDonaldTrump's tweets thoroughly entertaining. I'd be thoroughly amused if I weren't afraid he'd kill us all as POTUS
what the even EFF are you doing? There is something seriously WRONG with you. Why would you tweet this sh*t? #seriously ?
WTF are you rambling about? We are so, so screwed!
no one cares who he supported. My God
I've never even heard of something like you before.
You seem to care, you just tweeted about it FFS
You meet w/ intel today & are tweeting about Arnold on The Apprentice. To boost ratings because you're Executive Producer.
Is this for real, or is life now a f*cking nightmare?
.@BenBerkon @realDonaldTrump
Nine minutes to finish a sentence. Grow up and learn to thread tweets you haunted pumpkin.
Thinking of replying negatively? I'm playing this today. Consider yourself warned 
That is AWESOME. We need a Drumpf one, though
You are actually mentally ill. You're a comeplete imbecile. Grow the fuck up. You have a country to run, you dickhead.
Well I've definitely got you covered. It's wouldn't 'have' thought so. Not wouldn't 'of'.  @realDonaldTrump
yeah, I made a typo on a small device keyboard. You used a totally different, and completely wrong, word.

president-elect I believe we're more concerned about a foreign Nation hacking into our systems.
this is what your focused on right now? How can such a manic scatterbrained manchild lead this nation
There are questions in the comments to this tweet about your daily activity and travel routes! #Security
Don't you have more important things to focus on? Like, literally anything else?
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
apparently you care... very much. Don't you have better things to do? #tweetattrump
There are more people who voted against you and they are organizing a boycott against the show.
do yourself a favour and stop!
I think you have more important things to worry about, don't you?
Putin must be laughing his ass off at your tweets ...
WHO CARES?! CANCEL the SHOW! WHO CARES?! People don't watch-they hate YOU!
I mean, you clearly care if you're talking about it. That's like... step 1 for caring about something bye child
You're an accident waiting to happen...it's a good thing I didn't wait that long
you forgot to delete this one
your not a movie star
My mother was more of a man then you.
Sure hope #Trump will put as much effort into #USA as he does into all things about himself.
I could never support Hillary! Regardless, we can't ignore that you two gentlemen have a kinship. There is mutual respect!
Makes him smarter than I thought!
And the similarities between you 2, u both started off with $200 mil left to u by your fathers...oh, wait..that's not right
GROW UP!
Are you always an idiot or just when I'm around?
cut or remove that utterly ridiculous crap on your head and trim those eyebrows
Seriously? This is what you think is pertinent (you can look up that word in a dictionary)?
good lord man baby! Grow up!!  Either run your show or the country !!
PLEASE. GROW UP. This is so unbecoming of your position. We are ashamed of you.
I would love to insult you but I'm afraid I wouldn't do as well as nature did.
you're so insecure
ha ha ha ratings will keep falling!! Your followers are not educated enough to watch!!
This is so, so pathetic, so childish, where do we even start. A five year old has the nuclear codes ....
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
Trump's tweet about the Apprentice is a ploy to boost ratings. Dumb America will flock to watch dumb show to "upset" Trump.
depakote would do wonders for you!!! You should get some from this s guy Martin shkreli
you're about to become the leader of the free world, and you're worried about you vs Arnold ratings? Seriously?
you stole election therefore is illegit.  We the ppl have been bamboozled and demand action for impeachment.
Now this is really presidential.
if nobody cares then why the Tweetstorm?
petty af!
My mother was more of a man then you.
very presidential
What are you? 12?  Please focus on the real problems that plague our country.
wow what's that again???
You conquered tv,the media and now your the leader of the free world let it go. What could anyone say to you?
I was surprised that big "movie star" Arnold S. would lower himself to be on one of the dumbest of dumb reality shows. Sad.
Yuuuuuuup!
, your pettiness knows no bounds. Scary to think how childish you will act as our president (minority voted).
is concerned with tv ratings?! Just wait until America can fire him - the ratings will be "huge"!#illegitimatePresident
I like ya Trump but you picked him for your show.  I'm sure the cat fight is for CNN to talk smack.  I hope
As I said, grow up! You're supposed to be going to intelligence briefings, not looking up ratings for the Apprentice.
and @kanyewest always say the truth but its sad how they hate u instead of learning from You.  Love you guys
Trump stock greenmailing practices were so odious, specific laws were passed to block him.
Feds fined him $750K-Adam Khan
Jesus Christ who the fuck cares
& you're the #PresidentElect so now you'll be compared to the outgoing @POTUS as well as all of the other US Presidents.
Brains aren’t everything. In your case they’re nothing.
.@realDonaldTrump Donnie, you're out of your element
The more blatantly obnoxious a person is, the more attention he gets.  Sad for DJT (and US), as quantity does NOT=quality
Vengeful little boy, Donnie. Why are you still fighting old battles? Only losers do that.
obviously, You care! Who else is tweeting about this? Start reading the intelligence briefings or Putin will eat You alive!
you're kidding me! Dont you have some ethics issues more pressing?
Rotflmaoooo the burns continue  the trauma ward for celebrities and the dishonest media is swamped!!!
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
IS THIS A JOKE? WTF! “@realDonaldTrump: being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1."...
as the President (not mine), with so many domestic & world problems, you are reviewing tv shows? 
Grow up Mr. President.  You aren't on a reality show anymore.
Ever consider that your vile toxicity has a MAJORITY of the country not want to watch a show once associated with you?
This is why people have a problem w/ u having a 2nd job. Too distracting for u and ur ego.
act your age.
what the heck is WRONG w/you
Who cares? Then why are you tweeting about it? Executive producer bashing your own show? Resign from NBC or public office.
who cares about who voted for you LET IT GO!!!!
:'(
Mr Trump.Sticking your tongue out at Arnie because u got bigger tv ratings than him is NOT "Presidential".Grow up soon eh?
yo, teenage mutant incompetent cheeto: Don't you have some actual work to do?
Don't you have a country to run? Quit being so worried about reality TV and act like a respectable President not a teenager
You are insane.
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
it's called a BOYCOTT.
You make us so proud. Our next POTUS spewing idiotic, mean statements about ratings of an insignificant TV show. #Whata
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
.@realDonaldTrump Bitter, party of PEOTUS. Table for one please. 

Get over yourself man
WOULD RATHER HAVE ARNOLD AS OUR PRESIDENT!! He was better governor than u could ever be. ARNOLD 4 PRES!!  DUMP TRUMP!!!
ROTFLMAO
, you supported Hillary your first season too.
u r such a small man. Far too small 2 b POTUS. U have no character
obviously you do. #manbaby
lacking Christian values, humility. Narcissistic self adulation, I pray the Lord changes you on the 20th hand on the Bible
Get off Twitter you child in old-man skin. Your thoughts should stay in your head (to keep the wind in there company)
This tweets reminds me of first grade.
I like the sound you make when you shut up.
so much for uniting the country.  You're not capable of that. Still hanging on to who supported whom in the election.
Seriously? You are the president of the USA? And you are worried about your ratings on a reality show? How embarrassed I am for our country!
How little is your pecker?
Is Arnold your enemy too because he supported Hillary who got 3 million more votes than you got? Even though Russia helped you all the way?
the only reason I won't watch is because you are attached to the show.
"But who cares?" Apparently, YOU care, Mr. PEOTUS, or you wouldn't be tweeting about it, no?
OMG you are such a whiner.
Don't you have more IMPORTANT things to do? get over yourself
who cares? Really? You are trying to sound “tongue in cheek” but your shallow personality and grandiose ego reveal YOU CARE
you are nuts!
are you a f***ing child!?! Wait, no, that's an offense to all children, they don't know any better.
poor self esteem is your Achilles heal.
okay... Arnold, The Apprentice... great and all. What are you doing for the U.S.A.?
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you would be twice as funny as you are.
