Hollow words if we don't work together
I agree. How to do that...?
Don't only MAGA. Make the western world great again. Hand in hand. Together. That's what we need. I guess 
P.S. I just (finally!!) realized how to Un-click certain accounts when replying via @ mentions. #TheLastToKnow :)
Ohw Hahaha. I guess you just hit the backspace button
Well... it was a little more involved than that. I'll do a screenshot to illustrate
Okay
"Okay"<~ my pet peeve response from anyone about anything ;)
:::
Too late, you've already broken the West. You'll make a tidy profit from the remains, I'm sure. #FridayFeeling #DAResists#TheResistance
You are so wrong

I'm a POTUS deplorable, but why did you do this?please explain
Ted cruz is making a free mason gesture
By West I assume you mean America, because Western Europe is already deep in the toilet.
Thanks for your strength & leadership.  With you 100%
Just noticed TRUMP is in Triumph. YAY.
STAY THE COURSE. The bums are weakening.
Hey @realDonaldTrump . Good luck on your date with Putin. Now remember, you're not expected to Put out. It's YOUR choice. 
"Not expected to put out" - lol
Civilization will triumph when the USA once again has a M-A-N residing in our oval office not a wooden puppet with strings in the KREMLIN.
YES...thank you
You're going to Jail to thrive!
Obama's crowd was bigger, by thousands, without the enticement of free bus trips! #25thAmendment
triumph over what? Its not a game show....we share the World - we don't own it! #ToddlerInChief #OrangeBuffoon
Capital letters won’t make it so, @realDonaldTrump. You actually have to have the values, teach them to your children and live by them.
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! 
And every time you tweet you show how little you know Bonehead #pleasestoptweeting #pleasestoplyingtousyouGiantAssHat
What do you mean by "values"???
Agree! Forgive the change of plans. Plans comprimised. Phones, computer technology failed. Other plans incompatible to mine
#CNNBlackmail
You even said it yourself. The bubble is going to pop....
I bet you have some real high pitched farts
Fox stinks
Great SPEECH ever , yes we have to defeat Evil Terrorism even with our own blood Mr President @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Maybe once your gone.
You'd better believe that, @realDonaldTrump We'll fight for the 1st Amendment & our Constitution.
Omg man, you sure this isn't 1938?
Best speech you've ever given.
It was a full-throated endorsement of western values!
The people of Poland loved it!!
Fake crowds for a fake president
Your values are not the west's values.
yes they are now when odumbass was in those were not of values ! Worst Pres. ever !
RESIGN!
Daddy trump is god
The biggest threat to our democracy is @POTUS.  Please @FBI stop the crazy!
The West? The West threw out the Bill of Rights, in the US and in the UK, with the neural weapon. 
Sadly, you are dishonest, Mr. Trump.
You already broke the West. And it's not the West that will thrive, prevail, and triumph. It's the teamwork and humanity of the world.

Our values are compromised when the Russians are allowed to meddle in our elections. It is time for you to admit that this is a real problem
It is, so why don't you demand states turn over voter registration records so Trump's people can do something about it.  Focus on real prob.
that's turning over all evidence to the guy who committed the crime.  evidence tends to disappear after situations such as this
"our civilization"? funny stuff from an imbecile
You know how people keep saying "follow the money?" Well, Felix Sater is the middleman linking Trump to Putin. And he just turned informant. 
I was so proud of you Mr President Trump sir yesterday. We are blessed to have you as President. Thank you very much for your Dedication GBU
#SaveMedicaid #TrumpCare
Typo by #fakenews @FoxNews @DonaldJTrumpJr you better got on this quick.
TaxReturns,Please!   When will this be leaked by the Rusians?
.As long as we have leaders like @realDonaldTrump we will prevail. No more appeasement, no more concession--end globalism once and for all!
how can he possibly end globalism? American companies couldn't sell anything overseas and the demographic time bomb with no immigrants?
AMERICA FIRST!!
America loves you!!!!
You're nuts!
damn. i hate t say who that sounds like.............................
Hitler
freakishly. & the caps really help give it that 'MADMAN' sheen
He's lost his mind. I hope they eject him from the #g20.
So glad and proud that you're our president. The U.S would've been over if Hillary won. #MAGA
Do you have any idea of how lame he looks on the international scene ? #delusion
To the ones that matter? Yeah I do.
Cause G20 doesn't matter, right ?
The ones acting like idiots and fighting with the police? Yeah they really matter.
Nope talking about the world leaders
Ah, gotcha. The ones that care about the refugees rather than their own people. Yeah, I don't really consider their opinions to mean much.
The ones that care about their people's healthcare, instead of big insurance companies ?
"The West" isn't all of civilization......
And while you're at it, define "our people"
And while you're at that, define "thrive" (#FlintWater)
And define "our" values
That's hard because it seems like the older generation who's lived through many presidents and wars etc.  Have different values .
What?

THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! https:...
Can’t spell triumph without TRUMP
#MAGAForAll
@odom_1 
We love President Donald Trump .
Yes we do!
Missed all away for Bilateral Hip replacement.
I had a total hip replacement about 18 years ago.  My mom has had BOTH hips replaced !  The hip operation is only the first part of recovery
Hope all is well.
自负
Yes!
I think this is President Trump's most famous speech, so far, in 2017. It's one for the history books! Inauguration Day was GREAT too! 
Not if Democrats get elected
Amen 
Muslims seem to hold a lot of influence in USA. So just keep taking the tablets!
Have you ever met a Muslim? How about an American Muslim? Well, Nice to meet you! I'm still waiting on that influence you're talking about!
Liberal losers are fascist, racist crybabies complaining about fascism & racism, while knowing LITERALLY NOTHING about our constitution!!
only if u aren't president!
Were you thinking about the West when you, Flynn, Pence, Kushner and probably the Pig Bannon were colluding with Russia? #lockhimup
Amen!
Values you have are not shared with honest law abiding citizens.
great speech, doing great, keep going and dont let the bastards drag you down,
IMO the speech touched on, identified & highlighted the key issues/challenges which is defining our time & Trump's presidency
I imagine it like this

Yes we will. In spite not having a President.
Amen!!
With that orange monstrosity in office for just a few months , we're already broken. #MakeAmericaGagAgain
You sound like a dictator... oh, wait, that's right, you are.
Not sure you're in tune with the rest of the world Donnie!
You will break our country!!!  
Someone tie this child's tiny hands please!! They are annoying as his butthole looking mouth!
It was a tremendous speech! Wonderful insight into history 
You sure have alot of confidence, thats what the Greeks, the Romans, the Persians...& Biggest of them all pharaoh
Whatever....
The "WEST" is not a location & the term "OUR CIVILIZATION" isn't a thing! You may as well replace WEST & OUR CIVILIZATION w/ WHITE. #bigot
This upset you as much as it did me, Carrie. T representing America as a fascist regime. At least we know Europe is smarter than he thinks
I agree! Europe is definitely smarter than T thinks. He is truly a madman!
I think he is clinically mentally ill. This makes him very dangerous.
Very reminiscent of Hitler's speeches.
You mean will trump
Wonderfully said!  Thank you for all you do for freedom.
MAGNIFICENT !
Obama tried like hell to destroy America 
Donald Trump is a TRUE PATRIOT! He is RISING I  POPULARITY ON BOTH SIDES OF THE ISLE AND OVERSEAS!! HE IS UNSTOPPABLE!!
Only gets better
This is a message to the world, the lines are being drawn. God can't help any of us now..
Millions of people are with you and think you are doing a great job!!
You sound like Hitler when he is talking about Germany
Wonderful
I strongly support the current political changes introduced by PiS led by Jarosław Kaczyński!
You are destroying the value of Love.
Heel spurs, coward
@POTUS The fact that the libs are pissing their panties means you're doing a good job. Good luck.
You're koo koo and repulsive. I know you think you're all that but people hate you. .  I mean really hate you.
I hope for us all that you are right, sir!
our values Yes..yours and those from GOP?? You dont have any .pussygrabber,liar,cheater and racist cant have any values
Amen ta that!
And AMEN!!
If only you meant what you said!
But you lie and play games like a child. I Pray to God that you are
Not re-elected
God help us all!

.
With u as r leader it is possible Trump Trumps all! The only ing. needed 2 b great at anything is caring thats what makes u great u care!!!
Under your leadership we are taking our country, reputation and borders back.  
Good job Poland!
Just counting the days until removal from office for dementia
Here here!
THERE GOES THE BEST PRESIDENT THAT EVER WAS AGAIN! ALWAYS WINNING. I LOVE MY PRESIDENT
Again big words for daddy but no results!

No it's broken badly you handed are country to Russia on a silver platter
Critics of this speech seem to be largely anti-white and anti-American like their hero Obama. No appreciation for history.
It's the "antifa" and their supporters who are the real fascists. Trump is a true American. Against globalism.
Your words are treasonous! You attack free press, lie, and blamebPresident Obama for your ignorance and collusion with Russia! Disgusting!
Uh...  "Patriarchs"?  I think you need to review that quote before you try to use it again.
we will never thrive if you continue to divide us and never extend your hand across the isle to the Democrats
You lie
President Donald Trump Is the President of United States of America 
look at ALL them paid people there for you
I Loved this speech 
finally a leader has spoken. well said!
Hey Donnie-doo. Looks like you given up "quotes" for CAPS.

What's your next strategy?

Oh flip.... emojis!
The "wests" values are universal healthcare and debt free education". You literally have no idea what other countries are like, do you?
We are proud of you!  Keep up the excellent work!
Amen!
Why on earth would you alienate the "East"...you should be a unifier, not a divider.
#FakePresident
Surely isn't like the weak, apologetic Obama!
With your leadership, you are not contaminated, the Swamp Real here Kentucky. Harlan County hole in wall for Corruption by Democrat leaders
My values ...
Not because of you.
An Alt right speech!  Right out of the Nazi handbook!  traitor!
yes that's right! In site of you with your lying mouth and your dishonest family.
drop MOAN on NK, the fat man is asking for it!!
This a clarion message to Western society that we need to believe in ourselves and protect our values and way of life. Thank God for DT
What would you suggest Jules, another line in the sand.. "Wrong Answer Roy" 
Hear Hear!!! GREAT SPEECH by OUR @POTUS  SO VERY PROUD OF YOU and AMERICA. THANK YOU and STAY SAFE we need you more than ever
America will PREVAIL AGAIN  when you are out, then America will be great again, can hardly wait.
Patriarchs,  shouldn't that be Patriots?   Losers
Right after you resign and go back to Trump Tower in NYC.
Please resign and move to Poland ASAP.
Not while your in office
MORE PEOPLE HA VE LOST JOB JOBS I SAY 15 MILLION IN PRODUCE IS ROTTING IN THE FIELD S IN ON STATE SURE BITCH
What are the West's values? Do you know? What's the West? Met with Putin yet? Is he the West too?
Great
Um, what exactly does this mean? #buzzwordpresident.
A Trump supporter!? How disappointing.
MR PRESIDENT LEASE DON'T STAY A DEMAGOGUE. WE NEED AN EMPEROR; OUR ENEMY IS A ROARING LION, AT EVERY CORNER HE LURKS.
When you #FakePOTUS resign

TRUMP
Not with you as President
#USPeopleREPENT & #ObeyGodsBIBLECommandmentWords&HolyWill, Or #USA Won't Thrive & WILL DIE FROM Sins Against #God&Humanity & Corruption&Wars
well, #congratulations 4 #earning the distinction of being the MOST #fascist #intolerant #terrifying + #Evil @POTUS of the #past 100 #years
Your entire family is on the world stage and we're all embarrassed.  These people were all bused in.  Paid to cheer.  get a grip..
Dziękuję Panie Prezydencie! Niech Bóg błogosławi!!!!!!!!!
Hopefully we can do something about these extremely liberal judges
Yes, fuhrer. Whatever you say, fuhrer.
Hurry up and resign so that can happen!
Loved your Warsaw speech at 5a.m. here! U stood Tall among Leaders on the World Stage!America "s Presence finally felt!
“@realDonaldTrump: THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL...."Your values? Hopefully not
TRiUMPh ;) All the best. - Johnty
My values are way different than yours.
You better bet Sir! We have the will, no doubt!
Not under your questionable leadership
"THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH!"
Spell check: s/b TRiUMPh. #MAGA
You have betrayed our values.
Wooohooo!! Well said!! Proud you are my President!!!!!! 
You have so far infuriated the west.. America will stand alone if you continue the path you are on.. But you have Russia, so who cares??
Thank you President Trump!!!!
It seems like you're just realizing this for the first time? #youareatotalfuckingembarrassment
could you look realistically at your effects,behaviours and actions taken before you end up condemning us all then!
Bots against Trump haha DJT is the WORLD LEADER
So many paid supporters.
Hey Miller, your speech writer is sounding more and more like Hitler. You are a sick sociopath and should be committed.
Such an important issue. Almost no covered by dino media https://twitter.com/ProjectFactsL/status/883724161851564034 …  @V_of_Europe @Nigel_Farage
I Feel so...safe knowing you are our President!
...not with you, sir, as our president.
East needs to meet West to have real peace. Stop the bias. You don't know if people are good unless you sit down and talk to them.
