How dare you mention her name, Sir? You called her killers good people-this woman died because of your #intolerance #Shame #Charlottesville
Her blood is on your hands. You are despicable.
Who killed her? You have her blood on your hands!
She's just a Twitter comment to you.
I think you should just not comment and fuel the flames of anger you ignited yesterday. We do not want to hear from you today. Go golfing
I guess your just to busy sticking up for the people who killed her to attend?
You didn't even reach out to her mother.
Did you bite your tongue saying this!  Its a damn shame you dont care for all citizens
Why didn't you spend more of your press conference yesterday talking about her and what she stood for instead of your support for Nazis.
Like you give sh*t!!!
But...but... isn't she partly to blame for getting murdered?
RIP Heather thank you 45 for recognizing this young woman's life
You are despicable yesterday you defended her killers wth #impeachtrump
You should take her name out of your mouth
Your championing of hate, racism, bigotry, and white supremacy led to her death. You can't erase that with shalllow words.#VetsVsHate
Curious if he'll take time to wish the "fine people" well who were injured by all those people opposing nazi and hateful ideology.
He said it all the protesters that are against racism and against trump are incredible. #impeachtrump
Quit using her death to your advantage. It took you 2 days to call out the people that did it. You're a horrible person. #HeatherHeyer
Pity it wasn't you
#NaziSympathizer: Here is your base admitting he will kill for you, courtesy @Vice and @HBO
DON'T YOU DARE SPEAK HER NAME. YOU KILLED HER. #HeatherHeyer
SHE WILL BE REMEMBERED AS THE MARTYR WHO SAVED AMERICA AND BROUGHT YOU AND THE FOURTH REICH DOWN. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #SpecialElection
Murdered by one of your "very fine people", you schmuck.
We hate you!!
Glad you could take time from defending Nazis to say these kind words. She deserved better than you. We all do.
Thanks for the Tweet General Kelly!
loser Dems
Why thank you very much!
You shouldn't speak on this lady. How many days later after you criticize the same protesters she was with. But congratulate the Nazi
You shouldn't even be allowed to say her name!!!
Did you read that off your Teleprompter ?  Always nice how you selectively give out condolences.
We will defeat you and your racist regime!
Her death is on you. You promoted this from the beginning of your campaign. Burn in hell comes to mind
25th amendment for mr. Adolf Trump
You sided with her murderers.
Are you attending?
Did Obama attend the funeral of the 5 policeman killed in dallas by a BLM shooter? Nope...he didn't even have the courtesy to speak about it
That's not an accurate statement
What's not accurate? Oh, the fact that he spoke about it days later, but never condemned the left BLM? Ur right!
Here's his speech from the memorial service.
Obama never ever named BLM what they are, hate group, he just invited them to the WH! But ur ok w that  Keep it up, we r still winning!
BLM isn't a hate group.
Was one of your "very fine" people did this.
Agreed. Can you elaborate on what made her incredible and special? Maybe a little bit about the specialness of the cause for which she died?
Probably not but I am sure he knows what golf course he was on.

Hahaha and her mother refuses to speak to u. I love it. Love it. Get outta my whitehouse
When were u ever in the whitehouse! I didn't know you owened it?
We as Americans own it. It's the pls house in case u forgot.
your Tweet was quoted by @NPR
You should have not let your daughter participate in that craziness!
How dare you even say her name. Her blood is on your hands.
The mother didn't want him there
Kate Steinle's death also did not fit the media's agenda. You couldn't pay CNN to air her service.
Steve Scalise? the left was not nearly as outraged over the attempted assasination. But of course as in this case, they blame the president.
Too little too late
Hoping you see sense & apologise to @Kaepernick7 & the rest of the NFL players for your rude divisive statements #MakePeaceNotDivision #hope
Obama wasn't there for Bengazi! Gimme a break! That whole event was awful! All of it was for nothing! No one should have been there!
Can't all you blues stop crying! Get on your own page and complain!

Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembe...
You didn't mean this shit
Heather had more courage and love in her eyetooth then you do in your entire body.
We love you @POTUS
No. WE. don't.
And you honored her memory by saying she was morally equivalent to white supremacists. Great job.
Yeh she was worse
Did you go? Nope? Didn't think so.
Did u?
Fake response.
Fake hair!
Who made you tweet this? We know you were forced to or a staffer did it.
Who made you tweet this?
I hope she is remembered as the civilian who started the end of your hateful Presidency. #HumanityFirst
Wow I like your words.
So, SO many reasons we love, admire and respect your predecessor. *have someone look it up for you*
I'm pretty sure if Obama had been the president, Charlottesville attack will not had happen..
Keep up the great work Mr President. The haters are going to hate. I know you really care about us. #Trumpsgreat
Work? You mean golf? Firing his staff? Supporting the white nationalists/Nazis? He's a narcissist and doesn't care about anyone. #resign
Where do you get all your info? Besides your emotions! Please state sources!
Do be fair, sir! He wasn't sure if he should be sad until he had all the facts!
Of course! People who fight for civil rights are equivalent to literal Nazi murderers! The leader of the free world said so!
Liar. Using the death of a good woman is disgusting. Shame on you.
If only we had the class & dignity of POTUS, who didn't tweet about her until halfway thru her funeral & has yet to denounce her murderer.
This tweet is crazy. It sounds like you're celebrating the long happy life of an olympic swimmer. She was mowed down by a terrorist. #resign
I am no fan of Trump by any means and even want him gone. Yet to your tweet I must ask, wtf are you going on about?
I am troubled by his tone. It would be nice to have a president who responded w/ the appropriate gravity to situations and could lead.
His tweet was in honor of the girl who died. What did you want him to say? There is plenty to call him out on but this isn't it.
It's about emotional capability. A president needs to be able to handle this better. I stand by this. This tweet has a crazy tone.

You do not get to speak her name when you support the white nationalists.  #failedPresident
Gooshe shtepping moronsh like yourshelf should be reading booksh inshtead of burning them.
My Gooshe shtepping moronsh Tweet seems to get a lot of likes from women wanting to have sex with me.
He says in a tweet instead of attending the service. Quite literally the LEAST you could have done in remembrance of a hero.
Hey now. Go easy. Those golf clubs don't swing themselves. And SOMEONE has to have their finger ready to start Armageddon.
Trump was in Bedford, NJ at a meeting on National Security. But facts never matter to leftists.
Trump was at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey but who's to say he didn't have a National Security meeting on the links?
He wasn't actually spotted golfing the day of the memorial service. But still.
Still. He had a meeting there. National Security. Kinda important
Oh, I agree National Security is important. But the dude finds time to lambast Rosie O'Donnell on Twitter. His priorities just suck.
To put it another way, his time management skills remind me of my nine-year old.
Yet you didn't condemn her murderer
You dirtbag trump should not speak her name
Probably hurts you to say that!

Did Hope write this?
I doubt if you represent Veterans. Most love our President and your organization doesn't represent our military.....Go find a liberal area
What did her family say when you spoke with them Mr. President?
Don't pander to the left. It will get you nothing but contempt from both sides.
Don't even say her name.
not what you said the other day! Domestic terrorists remember? Not the guys with guns, clubs, torches from out of town
Even when you tweet something nice it always comes with caveats.
Check out the hottest porn around
Her blood on your hands. How's your conscience?
How DARE you even mention her name!
How dare you #fakepresident and hypocritical liar.
But according to you it was her fault too. #ImpeachTrump
your hypocrisy is nauseating.  you dishonor her by your words!
Why don't you provide protection for this beleagured woman?
Oh yeah you didn't even know her name except one of those bad lefty whose behavior was "really bad" you're a disgraceful bigot who must go!
Weak & ineffectual as always. #TrumpResign  #AnnulmentNow
Did an intern write this shallow vapid comment? Nothing somber or feeling about it. Her blood is on your hands #resign #25thAmendmentNow
Can't wait for yours
Another hostage statement? #alittletoolate
You do know how she died, right?
What about insurance companies they are making billions in profit????
We won't let you forget that you compared her to Nazis, you biggot.
The only problem, Mr Trump, is I can't believe your words. To me you seem to be part of suprematics. You only have to admit.
Stop it. This doesn't pass the sniff test. You don't give a shit. #TrumpLies
So disingenuous after comparing HER activity to the Nazis present there. This is why her mom won't talk to you. Not a brain teaser!
But not u right? I'm surprised u knw her name. Did u have to ask an advisor for that. Pathetic!
Nobody is falling for this
is lying again. Trump has no sympathy for Heather. He defends the Nazi who has murdered her.
You have her blood on your tiny, little weak hands. Too much of a coward to go and give her respect at the service. #NaziPresident #Impeach
The family will always have that sink hole in there lives;.............,....;.../......dems
Why do you tweet that, you don't mean it. Just a case of going to arrive at golf  club  soon what can I do.
Can I get an Amen... wait what?
what an INCREDIBLE, SICKENING HYPOCRITE you are!
All real Americans are behind our president and support him fully through think and thine. Only the cowards are anti Americans . Go45
Hopefully as the courageous woman who took down your American-hating Nazi regime.  Oh, and no one is buying your BS tweet either, hypocrite
U r sooooo outta touch with the REAL America. Get out. Resign like the rest of ur billionaire pos buddies. We don't need/want u
Who are you kidding? Next week you won't remember her name or what happened to her. LIAR.
She died due to your hateful rhetoric that gives the AOK to Nazis, KKK and so on to carry on their hateful ways.
If you had a shred of decency, you would've showed up to the memorial service. Face the music.
You don't give a damn about her, just the "good" neo-nazis.
this make me want to vomit
Yet you stand by the ideology that killed her! You are a horror inflicted upon America.
You didn't even know who she was nor what she stood for. Totally alien to you! She was courageous, liberal, caring, stuff u know nothing off
Why weren't you there?  Can't take the heat? Resign!
Why does everything u say about a wmn include her looks? "She was beautiful." Would it be different if she were butt ugly? Your tone= wrong.
Evil is in the mind of all people but it's the soul of the persons character that divides him for following the crowd and take a higher road
Find it repugnant that you can say her name when you did not instantly denounce her killers #hypocrite #HeatherHeyerAlwaysMattered


Yup didn't even attend her service!
Too bad her mother hates you and will never speak to her because you called her daughter a terriirist! Trump needs to go!
How dare you even speak that lovely girls name with your foul, evil mouth.
Too little too late
gross to capitalize on the death of someone whose demise you flamed the fires of. you make me sick #worstpresidentofalltime #trumpmeansvomit
These words are true, but coming from you mean nothing in light of your other comments. You're trying to gain political points.#hypocrite
You are a horrid excuse for a president.
You killed her.
you have not honored her in any way shape or form!! Empty rhetoric!!!

Trump must be isolated. Resistance every day. The end is near but must keep pressure high.
Empty words coming from a white supremacist!
Her mother doesn't want you to talk to her or about her daughter whom you slammed in your speech..
Memorial Svc?Her mother wont even speak to a hateful monster like you! Dont act like u care anyone but yourself #CensureTrump #ImpeachTrump
@POTUS #NAZIPOTUS #IMPEACHTRUMP
All you trump voters is this what you really wanted
Ghezzzzzzzz you are sooooo fake
But the important thing is what her mom said about you on Twitter, right?
The first thing you choose to comment on his her physical appearance? Not surprising, which is sad.
I don't get why everyone can't get along and accept trump. Even if he dosnt make it Mike pence will take over so we might as well accept him
It's bullshit they want to do that.
#FakeTweet
You only called during the funeral. You talked more about what you said about heather, than personally talking to her family. SELFISH!!!
Please resign.
I wonder why her mother won't take your calls?

Please join together In prayer for our President, his family, our country, and all of you who know what is going on here.
...Hipocrat!
Like you 'give a s__t right?You tone deaf bigot,White Supremacist inabler #MuellersISComing  @GOP @DNC TAXES PLEASE!Thanks @IvankaTrump
could you be any more FAKE?
She should never been there.  Protesters were not wanted or needed.  Statues left alone would never Happened. Hummmmm
Hipócrita! You have no feelings Mr. trump
You never shook off your father's slum lord manners. Favorite pass time insulting everyone. This is an insult coming from you!
Seriously only about how she looks not about what she was fighting for or anything
Nazi
You don't deserve to speak her name
Why aren't you there? Obama and Bush would have attended. Apparently your vacation is too important to interrupt.

I almost forgot. RESIGN TODAY!!!!

With all our hearts we pledge to do our best to end hate, racism from any organized group of people that promote violence and destruction
How good of you to add about the memorial service AFTER you've tweeted about anything else you could think of. You're one SAD MAN
You are the greatest President Trump
...beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer who was murdered by "very fine people?" #FakePresident
She will not have died in vain. We'll make damn sure of that. You don't deserve to say her name.
All but the Trump's
Was she one of those violent Alt-Left protesters? Was she killed by one of the "many good people" waving Nazi flags? #jackass
