The more successful Trump is, the more angry & unhinged liberals get! They can't accept the fact that he is a way better POTUS than Obama!
Don’t you pride yourself on being unbiased?
Vladimir Putin is very proud of you TRAITORS!!

Agree 3,000 + %. America has an amazing President
 omg just as delusional as you are 
Can you spell "Delusional"? Probably not
#FakePraise
You are a sad, strange little man, & you have my pity. Farewell.
If you believe that, I have a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you.

WTF R U TALKING ABOUT. UR NOT DOING ANYTHING EXCEPT UNDOING OBAMA LEGACY. U HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING ON YOUR OWN. R U SERIOUSLY THAT CRACKED
U SERIOUSLY HAVE 2 BE SMOKING SO MUCH DOPE, BANGING SO MUCH HEROIN, U MUST BE DOPED OUT. U HAVEN'T DID ANYTHING PRESIDENTIAL IN THE 280 DAYS
Almost in office.
Patting yourself on the back again I see.  That's the only reason you're on Twitter...ALL the time!
©®
 
Oh, for fuck's sake. Clearly both you and Dobbs are #unfit for your positions. You should both #resign. #nationaldisgrace #RacistInChief
you got to be kidding me
LouDobbs the one who got fired for his extreme racism?..
FAKE NEWS..!  Your presidency is by far the WORSE EVER..!
If Dobbs wasn't talking about President Obama, Dobbs 2 is a shill 4 the Koch organized corporatist mafia mob. Those of us who read, KNOW.
You are going to be remembered as the worst president ever!! You even put Nixon to shame...
Lou Dobbs is almost as stupid as you are, Dotard. You've accomplished nothing except costing us millions of dollars to play golf.
In what alternate universe???
Are you for real. There is something mentally wrong with u.
...and now we are stuck with Trump !
It’s sad solely because you genuinely believe this. The fact that you’re so openly racist and hateful is disgusting.

hee hee  hee hee

that was a joke.  right?

@loudobbs, help me out brother
Fake news
Yah you have accomplished hurting the middle class and poor people even more than Reagan did.  What an accomplishment!
Lou Dobbs?  What a joke.
Why don’t you tweet about your twin brother ?
Who is Lou Dobbs? What are his journalistic credentials? U2 are both smoking too much pot!
Oh do one please you will go down as the worst
 #whatajoke #moron #itmfa
scum tv & its parrots should get their license revoked
in civilized countries they'd go nuthouse, sure not on air

oh  reminds of #25thNOW
 You HAVE accomplished a lot. Unfortunately NOTHING positive in any way shape or form. But of course you’d still be focused on your ego.
And I am the cat in the hat.
Get help
What kind if opioid laced KoolAid do you have to chugging to believe this absolute BS?
At what dividing and hate. A white man kills in in Las Vegas nothing if this was a black man or another minority you'd be screaming mad
You masturbate to pictures of yourself.
He's on drugs. We can't stand the sight of you
He meant it as irony.
Bullshit.


Total BS
Read from the script you gave him.
So true!!!!
Did Lou kiss your ring or just genuflect?
Again, POTUS is delusional.
Accomplished at creating the most bullshit, chaos and embarrassment?
How can anyone make such a statement? No evaluation of your presidency is possible yet, you’ve only been in office 9 months.
He is not talking about you.
Wow! Believe it? Really?
Lou admiring Donald is like mud admiring dirt.
TRUMP KNOWS HOW TO DECIDE THINGS..THESE POLITICIANS TAKE FOREVER.. THEY ARE SCARED TO MAKE A MISTAKE..IN BUSINESS YOU CAN'T WAIT 6 MONTHS
Well we already know the media is allowed to lie. Fox news sued for that right. They use it every day. Especially to cover mistakes of Trump


As @realDonaldTrump is the ONLY self-proclaimed "modern day president" @LouDobbs  really isn't saying much but hey, whatever stokes his ego.
Who lied to you,Orange Carrot face?
We need a broader definition of shitshow.
That's because you only surround yourself with kiss asses.
You're a slug
#MAGA keep rockin Mr. PRESIDENT!!

If people want to see a stop to systematic corruption they better rally behind President Trump and stop believing the main stream media rats
sounds,, sounds fake,, but ok,,,, ok,,,
Are you kidding?
I don't think he was talking about Trump
Does anybody besides you actually watch him? I didn't know he was still on TV.
I tweeted several times over the past 2 years POTUS, Dobbs & Monica Crowley have been your most faithful, honest & spot on commentators.
Lie. Fake news.
Lou Dobbs is just as bat shit crazy as your base.  All extremists in every direction....
As you keep pointing out, we sure can't trust the FAKE media.  I guess this must be included.
Nope.  
I watch Lou every single day....love me some Lou Dobbs and Lou supports our President!  MAGA!!!
How SWEET IT IS !
When you complement yourself it means nothing
Amen
Great Lou Dobbs! Bwhahahahahahahaha Morons
All I can say is eww... and don’t touch my pussy
Help_Kurdistan_Please
Never heard a more ludicrous statement in my life.  This is the most destructive and damaging Presidency to date in the history of the US!!!
This tweet may fill your ego, but doesn't help our country.
Not true you lie about everything. You are the worst President in us history
I just have one question mr. President where is Jeff Sessions..?
A buddy of mine says he going to work on my classic I finally told him he's like the president  all talk no action
In what world is this comment relevant 
What an absolute joke. Laughable.
This is #kitchenfun321,welcome to follow us,you will find lot of usefull kitchen tools here!

Self promotion about how great DJT is doing.  @POTUS priority
Trump is so gullible and stupid he will believe even what washed-up Lou Dobbs says!
Most accomplished presidency! LUNACY!
Dolt in Charge of doors kissing silts asses. Pucker up.
President Trump commissioned there be a stop to child sex trafficking,which has lead to the arrest of many pedos,but he's the bad guy?Really
You have done 0 nothing no legislation. You go to your golf resorts your on the go go go
F’n liar
It takes a RACIST to KNOW A RACIST.
Louis is out of touch. Talk About Fake news...
PRESIDENT OBAMA!!!! SUCH A WONDERFUL PRESIDENT!
Mr Trump! God bless you ! Against globalists!!!
Both of you are delusional. Thank God most people don’t listen.
Your accomplishments: 1)Most lies of any Pres., 2)most taxpayer $$ spent on your golf trips 3) most likely Pres. to go to jail
Uh, that would be Obama
Fuck Lou dobbs he don't know shit, just another coward

Dy nhiên, thua ngai!
He's obviously having a joke at your expense.
“Accomplished” - sure if you mean a new era of bigotry, hatred, racism and misogyny and the death of America’s reputation worldwide.
Fake Newd
#MAGA
#MAGA
Ahahahaha. Hahahahahaaaaaaaaa.
Russia Russia Russia. Don't forget the Muller investigation u keep trying 2 distract the country from. You're FIRED!


Definitely an opinion. An unpopular one, at that.
What drugs exactly are you on?!
focus shd be on California  Miami  Texas  Puerto Rico  etc not sueing media  IQ test and N Korea #getreal
Jacob’s tie is too tight. Clearly it’s cutting the oxygen to his brain.
Was he talking about @BarackObama ?
just because you PAY THEM to say it, doesn't make it true. it just makes it PAID statement. #FakePresident
How needy do you have to be to value @LouDobbs' sycophancy
Trump/GOP show arrogance/crass because upcoming elections wins are guaranteed by voter suppression & they believe no one will/can stop them!
...
Check out @Walters_Rex’s Tweet:
Good. God.
Nobody, NO BODY, has diminished America so much so fast, and @WhiteHouse staffers know it. Man's a deluded menace. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/919012714827145216 …
Thats a joke right ?????
This is what 65,000,000+ people are doing....
Oh, @LouDobbs did a segment on Barack Obama? #YouAreAnEpicFailure #ITMFA
On the other hand, it's most certainly NOT.
LOL. Need to go back and look at FDR and see how he led USA right through depression.

And a complete failure as a president as well as a father.  Happy Birthday, Tiffany Trump.
Hahaha Hahaha Hahaha
Dobbs was talking about someone else, MIC! Lmao
You will die in prison, moron. And so will your children. Lou Dopes can't save you. Flee to Russia now.
Love it. If only it were that easy.
@realDonaldTrump I wouldn’t listen to “fake news”. Honestly, what important pieces of legislation have you accomplished?
Said w/ tongue planted deeply in cheek & fingers & toes crossed. What a flipping joke. Nazis & other race haters love him. #TrumpIsAMoron

What color is the sky in Lou Dobbs world
https://goo.gl/zkEzkp  https://goo.gl/vWsYRc  https://goo.gl/AcXQw3 

Do you ever plan to act like a real man and even the slightest Presidential? Or you just gonna keep up this #whineylittlebitch routine?
Take your ego out of his ass.
It's amazing just how big an ego he has for a person who's a failure.
He's so funny.
What a narcissistic fool.....Your presidency is a dark chapter in the history of this country you wannabe dictator!!!!
Oooooohhhhhh shiiiiiiiitttttt!!!!!! The haterism is in full muthafukin effect!!!!!!!
yes it is!!!!!!!.....LOL
Yes, but he is a puppet idiot. It was a statement void of any real substance. So there's that.
I am so proud and elitated that you are the President.  I feel you are doing a terrific job.
Bahahahahahahahaha!! Bahahahahahahahaha!! Bahahahahahahahaha!!
"Don the Con - the Lying Moron" - you are a riot.
Delusions are funny. For the one who has them. You're obviously having too  much fun today, Donald John.
Lou Dobbs's spelling is atrocious. How can anyone spell appalling as accomplished?
That's right that's without question. You've done miracles to get out of that deep hole they left you with!!
Cock holster your delusional reading more of that fake news your presidency is a joke #thewholeworldislaughing

The list of women who have come forward about Donald Trump & Sexual assault/harassment

RT to @realDonaldTrump…
Hahahahahahahahaahahhahahah
That's the last president; certainly not you.
hahahahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahhahha
We ALL should be a little weirded out that Trump has to go on Twitter to pat himself on the back, daily. Especially when its not even true.

BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! Not in your wildest dreams! #OBAMAWANNABE #NotMyPresident #MoronInChief
Fake news? Oh no, he is great because he praised you.
Swap accomplished for delusional.
He was paid to say it, same as you.
He’s blowing smoke up your ass, mate... Everyone knows that all it takes is to compliment you to be in your circle.
I have lost two aunts in Puerto Rico due to the pathetic admin.... a curse on you and your family down to your children and theirs.
Why is everyone kissing your A$$you are a very delusional person to believe that.
Lou, ARE YOU ON CRACK!
You has accomplished more harm to civil rights, the environment, women, international relations, immigrants, the Constitution, etc.
Isn't @LouDobbs a sexual harrasser just like yourself ?
