YOU ARE A LIAR AND I VOTED FOR YOU BY FREAKING ACCIDENT!!!! IM TAKING MY VOTE BACK NOW YOU LIAR!!!!! YOU SHPULD HAVE DEFINED GREAT!!!!
Oh, ffs.

No. You purposely voted for this monster. At least own it.
NO I DIDNT I JUST HEARD MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN SO I WAS LIKE SURE DO THAT. I WANTED FUTURE TECHNOLOGY LIKE JET PACKS AND PROJECTING PHONES
45 not 4 anything like that. That's why it's so important to do all research (not Fox)/have ?s answered b4. Majority knew he'd be disaster
I thought when I put the X in the box that that meant NOT THAT PRESIDENT!?!?!?!?!?!?!
See now this is why people think Americans are stupid.
YEAH GIVE ME THE ANSWERS THEN. IF IM NOT CHEATING IM NOT TRYING MY BEST FRIEND TOLD ME THAT LMFAO

RT @realDonaldTrump @wegon0912 It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea... #UNGA
Donald Trump sir god blessed you and your family
대한민국 대통령 문재인을 가깝게 생각 해줘서 고맙다.미국대통령 트럼프.^^ 우리 대통령은 민주주의 정신을 계승하려는 사람이다.
앞으로도 잘 부탁한다. 대한민국 국민이...
Donnie do nothing
Lead by example, make your family cease trading with China
Then SEND AN AMERICAN DIPLOMAT THERE!
그래. 위안부는 일본군 성노예 였다.
남의 나라 아픈 역사를 이딴 조작질 사진으로 폄하하지 마라.
I'm glad you meet President Moon, hopefully, now you won't get him blew up.
Keep it up and we'll never elect another politician for president again!  Thank you so much.
Wow! Yesterday it was an honor.  Today a privilege.  #ImpeachTrump. #noGrahamCassidy
@potus @Whitehouse

LOL ROFLMAO !!!!!!!

You're what we would call "privileged".  Its good you recognize this.
America's Worst President!!!Tonight!!!Only on Trump TV!!!! Stayed tuned!!!
"Stay tuned"???  Good god...this isn't an episode of the never won an Emmy "Apprentice".
That's the country we did NOT threaten to annihilate, right? Oh wait, nuclear weapons.
He thinks you're an absolutely insane man-baby, Donny, who will get him and his entire nation murdered.
SHUT UP!!!!
Should USA first strike North Korea is they shoot over Japan again?
Yes they are allies. Would we allow missiles over our country? What if they launched over Europe? Yea no difference. Turn NOKO into ocean
Un yung! Thanks Mr. President.
I guess we know what that means!
You must be important. Your meeting a lot of people
Bigly big league.
Your unprofessional presidential bullying and immaturity as a knock on effect of making your wife look like fool.
Melania Trump mocked online after anti-bullying speech http://bbc.in/2xhlK3e 

Doubt it was a mutual feeling
Trump is a traitor!
Ask Mueller.
Just to be clear, you'll slaughter millions of South Koreans if you start a war with North Korea. Can't nuke one w/o nuking the other.
Don't look directly at him!
SOUND GOOD SIR ?


Keep up the good work! We're with you! #MAGA
You gotta love the Cliff Hanger......
I pray to god that you didn't reiterate destroying an entire country of people again!
@realDonaldTrump is the ga damn man!
You are an embarrassment to our country! Can't wait until Mueller sends you to the slammer.
Stay tuned to the Trump shit show where one ego strokes the other until one explodes!
It will be a great privilege to see you in jail
He lost the popular vote. LMFAO
He wasn't running to be the Governor of California. MAGA
Did you explain to him that 10m of his people will die due to your hubris? #Trump
WOW!! You must be a NUT then!!
Thank God for POTUS. You’re the first president that has ever talked about North Korea. 


I can't defend Trump,  so... Obama , Hillary and emails..
Trump needs no defending. He is doing exactly what we elected him to do - putting the United States Citizens first ahead of all others.
really?  What policy has he passed?

Buy American initiative?  Ask him where his factories STILL are. 
Your doing a great job.Always be a free thinker,Opened minded .
Koreans do not want war.
Understanding  Korea is  a  way to keep
World peace like President Kennedy.
Please Mr. President, choose your words wisely, keep the peace flowing. Thank you and God Bless America.
"America, the Land I love!!" 
#MAGA #GodBlessAmerica
#iStandWithTrump #ThursdayThoughts

Her rigging of the nomination gave us this shame of a 'president' (G20 photo)
And now she writes a book about it.

She is the one who propped up Trump, show leaks: https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/796222841612042240 …
Soon the idiot in chief might send the world into a cycle of nuclear war and M.A.D. 

What a "deal!"
Enables by people who voted for a serial con job just because "her" was terrible too (and rigged her party's nomination process).
Legacy? If there's any left. He could start a conflict with Russia/China if he nukes N.K.
That.
GOOD presidents.
#WorstPresidentEver  you Tiny Hands trump
Stay tuned??? You know this isn't a tv show right??
It's a figure of speech, you know English right? Learn it.
Was Rocketman discussed?
Ofcousrse .must hv been
"Rocket" man wants to conquer "moon". Duzzzzz
Rocketman is a rational actor. And haha
Like a boss
Seems if you have jumped on the Rocketman bandwagon
Stinky Moonman pls
He thinks you're a knob
And why are they giving NK $8M for aid??
Please don't shoot us.
Thank you for the Great job you are doing. Could not be prouder!
sit back on chair a little. You look like your dropping a deuce.
But when are you going to meet with the President of Nambia, though?

This afternu chastised him in early Sept
Stay tuned shit is nothing but shit.
benefit Kim Jongun and those at the top and will be used to build more WMD and missiles that threatens SK and Japan. Moon is incapable and
Need a meeting with Russia and China only . switzerland . lets face, world peace depends on the big 3 !

Love the Rocket man nickname,i instantly listen to Sir Elton Johns song..it goes right along with it,He's gonna be gone a long long time!
I hope you berated him for allowing this to fester for the last 64 years. Send him a bill for our services
Moon is a socialist dictator. Should  the UN or IS sanction SK since Moon plans to give away millions of dollars to NK? The money will only
#SHUTUP PLIZE
You're gonna get them killed, you incompetent piece of shit. Shut the fuck up.

President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
If he is the Moon, then you are the SUN !
Wonderful to hear that China and its massive banking system will no longer do business w/#NoKo! 


Before or after you insulted him ?
god bless you
Well there is a perfect picture of corruption!
I'm amazed at how far President Moon came to visit me! US hasn't gone to Moon in years, I asked if he brought me any cheese! NOPE! #nambia
He hates you to...
We still tuned long time ago,looking forward to see any reaction on North Korea contraventions of UNSC law. Nuclear disaster is irreversible
Bomb the crap out of him now, before its to late
Did you mention hundreds of thousands of his citizens will likely die when you "totally destroy" North Korea?
Did you mention the hundreds of thousands that would die here if nk nukes us while we played nice with him? Or do you care?

Did you ask if he was in charge of the Moonies?  That would be a dotard move.
Heard on FOX & friends- POTUS has reset the table with real leadership for our foreign policy! Thank you President Trump- GOD BLESS U!
Can someone tell CNN that the president did not threaten NK he will defend itself they are saying we are going to destroy North Korea
Did you shake his hand like a fucking moron? Oh good

Nice Job Mr President you and Steve M. Getting China to finally put pressure on North Korea. No other administration has been able to do it
Why do you keep saying 'stay tuned'? You are not an entertainer. Far from it. You have us all held hostage in your prison of chaos.
When you sit on the edge of the chair it doesn't make you look thinner. You think it does but you just look odd and fat at once.

"Stay tuned?" What? Are you breaking for a word from your sponsors? This isn't a TV show you're on!
President Moon of South Korea?  Now I'm confused!!!!!
He was probably laughing at your pathetic attempt to portray a world leader.  #sad

Stay tuned? WTF...this is real life not tv

Trump go to the white house my hubby and i want to see you!! #MAGA
"Everything is stupid"

They meet with you because of diplomatic obligation only.  They all know you're a loose cannon.  Your posture is weird and #fake
when will you meet president jupiter?
I hope Air Force 1 goes down in flames with you on it. Or you can stroke out. Either way America wins!!!
Stay tuned for what? You making an ass of yourself or lying once again to the world? You rotting carrot.

I heard he thinks you're #DotardTrump, too!
#yourefired
Please stop what you are doing.  NOBODY wants you to talk anymore. 
Just go golfing.

Ok gonna stay tuned
You sure that is who you met?
Trump such a suck ass it started off with his homie Putin
When are you going to tweet pictures of you and the leaders of Narnia? Or Nambia....#negativeintelligencequota
Rocket man has met his Match with The @realDonaldTrump! 
How's the GOLD doing? Listening to you this morning on CNN, you just can't stop lying in can you? No absolute tax cut, lol,lol,lol,lol,lol
Why didn't you "moon" President Moon?  Seems like it would be something you would do.
You are doing amazing job Mr President Trump,  God bless you Mr President Trump 
Until tomorrow
Why do you sit like that? Ridiculous
Nobody cares DOTARD! 
But was it a great honor? You say "it was a great honor" constantly, but now you're suddenly avoiding the phrase. We see your dumbness, Don.
The Land of the Free and home of the brave.   Leslie
Tell us what embarrassing things you said now.
And he's probably thinking this f****** lunatics going to destroy my country
Congratulations to you for your happily meet.
You are an illegitimate president and should resign https://www.newyorker.com/news/ryan-lizza/a-dizzying-week-of-trump-russia-revelations …
#ImpeachTrump
Any chance you will do something positive? Get to work proving you can lead this country without embarrassing us. Dick.
Another world leader who thinks you're an idiot. #notmypresident
Of course it was, the guy is an adult who actually manages a country and the situation you created
Is Nambia in South Korea?
#Nkorea it is a real threat to the #world peace https://t.co/RU43WR7weI?ssr=true
Mean time #slaveLabor traffickers in #California fighting against #BuildTheWall #Drug dealers pouring $cash into the political #Arena
Then why the 8 million to NK? I DON'T GET IT?
stay tuned? it s not a show these are lives we are talking about, our lives
Can someone explain to me how Benedictface Orange is still the fucking president? Since when do traitors  sit in the WH or anywhere? WTF???
Traitor? Where'd you here that CNN. It's ok you probably just missed the correction to there false story. OBAMA is a traitor
BLUE MOON。。。。I would like to drink with this beer all over the world. Let's aim for a peaceful Internet.
ブルームーン 
https://www.amazon.co.jp/dp/B071RDGKLS/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_tai_AzdXzbKGXVGW5 …
Dude! You are not on a reality tv program!!! Why would you say stay tuned???? 
Psst...the feeling was not mutual. No one there likes you. In fact they're all laughing at you.

It would have been a much greater privilege for Moon to meet a real smart prez. like @BarackObama . The world is laughing about you baby!
Thanks for TAKING CARE OF BUSINESS POTUS45! YOU'RE DOING A REALLY GREAT JOB OF SHOWING CONGRESS HOW TO GO TO WORK. SO THEY NEED TO GET BUSY!
What are you doing about the #SpyRingInCongress? When we were shouting #LOCKHERUP we weren't asking. #PUBLICTRIALSANDPUBLICHANGINGS
