Maybe that's right we don't like Obama, he screwed up eight years in the WH
Wrong
President Trump best qualified Person in my lifetime for job. Has maybe best family in USA! His first 100 days best since P.Truman Google it
He's hopelessly unqualified: corrupt, incompetent, and literally insane. He's botched everything he's touched so far. Google it.
I'm curious what Freud would say about you & these writers obsession with Trump. He literally controls your every waking moment  #BrainEggs
Don't be stupid. Otherwise, I guess you have psychological problems as a direct result of being a proven liar....
You didn't look at it did you  You should try some statistics & facts. You can go back to Trump obsessing and harassing other girls now
I see you have picked up @realDonaldTrump's habit of accusing everyone else of having your own faults. You're both liars and idiots.
I cannot imagine how hard it is to b criticized everyday on TV. I cannot stand to listen to them anymore. They are vicious n horrible.
So many are feeling that way.  Get more news on twitter
Behind you 100% Mr. President
Smart sane people trust you. Don't listen to mega losers
Trumpcare kills!! You promised to make America great not kill our vulnerable! I voted for you! Don't let us down!
Get real obama care is killing anerica
If you read other tweets I posted you would see I voted for trump bc I hate obamacare, elderly persons I know cannot afford their plans
And you think for even a nanosecond that TrumpCare is an improvement? Did you even READ the bill? Did you?
Obama put 20 million Ppl on Medicaid (welfare) my Ins. $500 to $1200 & $5000 deduct.Going up 27% more1carrier. would like catastrophic care.
Glad to know that you understand & support millions losing healthcare & causing institutionalization & death for fragile kids like mine!
No he is not.  Read the bill
You are exactly the dictator I depict in my post apocalyptic series. It is chilling to see my predictions coming true. You are pure evil.
You are talking about obama   Right
Of course. By assuring 20+ million don't have insurance. And wealthiest 1% get huge tax break.
Then give us universal healthcare like Australia! You said how much you love there system! Bring it the USA! #Americaisalreadygreat
You are so untrustworthy and pathetic. If you know so much about it, do enlighten us...
The only things you're engaged in are golf, tweeting, watching "fake" news and eating.
Like arent you getting tired of posting lies mr. President? Pls stop spamming my timeline with your fake news posts, thanks!
Maybe we have to pass the bill to know what's in it @NancyPelosi
Healthcare is not a game where you have winners or losers. So if you're engaged,show it and do something about it
Yeah throwing 22 million people off healthcare = big win for America ... #TrumpLogic
there are no winners or losers in healthcare. just people who need help and care that won't ruin them at the same time.
Fake news teeet
And when people die, all you'll say is that it's Obamas fault that they let us die bc you can't come up with any better excuses.
Then take questions on live TV like PBO did.
Victory for U.S.? It's not a war, it's people's healthcare and they don't want it taken away. That should be no surprise.

So well , you think 22m losing coverage is a great deal . No wonder you have gone bankrupt in the past
Even Republican Senators are convinced after your meeting with them, that you're clueless
You may be a great businessman but you are an AWFUL president. The worst in my lifetime. The worst in our children's lifetime.
You have learned to read but you still know absolutely nothing about health care.  Just make sure you wear depends when you wear white pants
Would U stop worrying about the G-D "winning"!  Follow ur campaign promise of good health care to all. Congress didn't.
Tell us what this bill actually does?
Part of me hopes you actually want to help this country, but you have no idea what you are doing when it comes to healthcare.
We have no doubt that you are working hard for us!  We see your progress despite the Fake News!!
Why don't you silence them with an eloquently worded statement on the complexities of fair health care in a capitalistic society?
I dare you
Better yet, why not have press conference to answer questions about the bill. Will. Never. Happen.
Herstory will not look upon you kindly.
Neither will himstory.
Where'd you get all of your healthcare expertise?  Trump University?
Resign
Let news in wgit house briefing rooms. Go on and explain the better health care reconciliation act to the American people. Prove you know!
I call bullshit on this one.  Repealing Obamacare would not be a victory. Fix it don't get rid of it.
You know nothing about healthcare. You obviously have the mind of a 5th grader. 
Your understanding of health care is very important Cutting benefits and limiting medicare is unfair. You lack the compassion to appreciate
Stop telling us you care about U.S. you only care about yourself. And we know you do not really know just pretend too.
The #TrumpTrain doesn't need to get news or information from the #MSM or dated @nytimes. You're so transparent you could walk through walls
Did you let our Veterans know that your so "engaged" in healthcare that you are ok with 450K of them not having any on #TrumpCare #sad #vets
Cool so when this bill goes down in flames you're going to accept the blame, right?
Then you won't mind explaining how #Trumpcare works.
I'm unfamiliar with the economic theory that says tax cuts for billionaires trickle down to working people in the form of health insurance.
Let's hear how it works, T-Bone. Is it true that you're stealing from 22 million disadvantaged folks to give to 400 rich Americans? WHYYYYY
Trump is far more interested in the disadvantage than you are. Read the bill thousands are illegally scanning the system
you can't even type a simple tweet with correct grammar "likes"?
I like, he likes, she likes. I likes is not correct, and never will be, unless the sentence is I have more likes on Twitter than trump.
How dare you I likes is an African-American saying hello! you ever heard of a Ebonnics?
There are some slight variations of American English, Mexican Americans say mines,as in "that is mines"you are so intolerant!
Would it be marked wrong on an English test? Has nothing to do with intolerance, Ebonics or dialects. Has to do with proper English grammar
I was just being facetious, because that's the way all liberal Democrats act if you don't like their opinion then you are intolerant bigoted
Right. Or greedy. Only three reasons a person could vote for trump: Uneducated. Racist. Greedy. That's it. He is disgusting. Anti American.
Healthcare is like an elective you took in high school to Trump. He's just trying to get to the biz deals and has to deal with this BS now.
You need Mental Health Care.If you have,or ever had, any love for the Country that you used to get http://rich.You  need to RESIGN
Expose the lying hypocrites using the
National Enquirer. Put the truth out in every Wal-Mart and every grocery store in the country.
Off the Meds, again?
you know plenty about failed business ventures. So yes, in that regard in does compare to your proposed health care
Still feel the same?
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well &am...
I want you to be my best friend
dumb answers.
Pelosi says u have 2read the bill to see whats in it.crap healthcare for us. give her that kind of hc.kick them all out .cant helpUS.Needs.
UR a racist just like your father.  You're so jealous of OBAMA U want 2 reverse all his good policies #Save DACA#Russiagate
what is a victory on healthcare Mr Drumpf?
You said "I think it’s highly inappropriate that a United States Supreme Court judge gets involved in a political campaign"
#HYPOCRYTE
Give a single pair Mr. President show those jerks in Congress what really matters
Legal reform limit law http://suits.You  have Pre-existing condition if you have insurance in place from http://start.Health  S Ac.
Are you aware of cost savings in the IMCP funded by Medicare? Cuts costs keeps quality

Donald, you aren't engaged in the rest of the presidency, so why would you be engaged in this?
Legit cure for #healthcare cost misery:
lolz
Lies you want victory for the richest people.
Stop talking about the news media. You are inept and beneath your office.
then make healthcare free
Know the subject well! Which is why you didn't know the difference between Medicaid and Medicare, I suppose!

#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow…
Do you really believe you know or understand anything much ? Come on, I think even you realize that's not the case.
Creating a "better" health care system does not grant instant 'victory' how about you focus on running the country instead of your Fake News
If that was true you work on improving the ACA not repealing it.
Blood money  ! You said it right this GOP bill is mean . It will lead to dead Americans . Fix what's wrong with healthcare by gettingactual
Trump the great leader and negotiator - LOSER -  can't get health care passed with control of both the House and Senate.
Hee hee. That is just a funny thing to say. We have all seen your displays of stunning insightful explanations.
2/3 of people say leave Ocare in place or that gov't should help MORE w healthcare, but senate bill robs millions of care.
Prove it.
Ohh! You are a doctor?? I have this rash
...
Someone say 22 million is that immigrants that come in the country illegal? The new share your insurance with them.
You don't know diddly. You don't want "victory," you want to look good by defeating the Dems. Asshat.
None of those bills will do it.  What do you think, we're idiots?  You are stealing our health and peace of mind.
you know it well!!???  then where is YOUR plan??  Another false statement during the campaign and catching you now @failingPOTUS45
Dum Dum Donald - you got the name for a reason...
You know it well huh? Would  to hear about ur prior experience w/ healthcare industry b/c I thought before this u sank casinos for a living
you will be remembered as the least accomplished president in history
You don't know what you are doing, you dolt.  Do you want some help?  Not Jared.
I find it hard to believe you know anything well.
Still would like to see a clean repeal of Obamacare!
You don't know shit
Victory over who?  Poor people?  The elderly?  Who we fighting, disease itself?  You prove every day you are #FakePresident
If you do explain CBO report for the Americans! Y can't because you dont understand it. To save $$ for the rich introduce Single Payer!
#liarliar #pantsonfire you know nothing, period, end of story!
Prove it! Bet you have no clue what's in the Senate bill.
I call bullshit #fakepresident
Your attempted appointment of Dr. Seuss as Surgeon General belies this.
You understand health care, yet you haven't mastered the English language!!!
@antonnewcombe @jules_su Donald, there is no subject whatsoever where you should have jurisdiction talking on, except maybe bankruptcy...
You have yet to do a news conference to explain it to the American people. Because YOU DON'T KNOW SHIT ABOUT YOUR BILL! U have to be told!!
Obama's Shadow Govt. wants to retain Obama Care by manipulation of Congress and us! Shut him down!!
Mr. President, if indeed you are so knowledgeable re: healthcare, then talk about it with wisdom & understanding. That's how we'll know.
You then want victory for the 1% because the rest will not be able to afford trump care and millions loose.
What Used To Be Mainstream Media,Has Devolved Into Self-Mutilating Propagandist Falling Upon Their Swords For A Rejected Progressive Agenda.
I also know my numbers watch one ,two three ,four see My mom said I'm smart ,the best. Shut up Fredo
All I can do is laugh
You have dementia.
AHCA will see to the return of Ins. investigators who won't rest until they find evidence that allows them to refuse costly claims. EVIL
Be more Presidential
You being engaged explains why both the House and Senate Bills are totally unacceptable and benefit rich old men and corporations - Stupid
#25thAmmendmentNow #25ththe45th #25thAmmendment
How can you say you want victory when you are repealing everything. You don't work in healthcare I DO! I see the poor and sick daily!!!
You like to golf. Why did you even want this job - you're such a loser. <sigh>
I just don't believe you,there is just no way you can relate to normal Americans
But yet I can scroll up and see you propose repealing it and then replacing later.
@holtford1 he's not gender specific just idiot and waste of space people specific. Brilliant honest and to the point
Go...tell us all you know.

Might explain why you keep sounding like you are getting it confused with life insurance all the time!
U know nothing well except yr own wants & needs. Yr Presidency, after only 5 months - is a travesty, an embarrassment, a circus, a new low.
You don't care; you have access to the best healthcare money can buy.  You are not in touch with the typical American and his/her needs.
Victory? Healthcare is not a war you orange Numpty. It should be a human right. @knownothingTrump
So what happened to ur campaign promises? Remember no cuts? Hmmm ur not that involved or u just don't cate
   Youre a joke.
The only victory this country needs to receive is when they impeach your ass!!
What part do you know?  The part where millions of Americans lose their health care, or how much of a tax break you get because of it?
Stop lying, no you don't
Yeah? So when was the last time you walked into a hospital and paid cash from your pocket for anything you #lyinPOS
Perhaps engaged but unknowing and not interested in detail and no idea what you want to achieve - just want to be celebrated for something
Trump lifted sanctions off Russia to pay back some of laundry money that Trump borrowed from Putin
How is taking healthcare away from millions a victory for the US, I am trying to figure that out, it is NOT making America great again
Bro, you and that lady should go in a room together and take IQ tests!!!
Really! .You can't understand the impact of a tweet. Doubt you grasp the complexity of healthcare.
lol...So true!
I mean "who knew healthcare was so complicated"
Where are your taxes?
Have you booked a suite for you and Putin next week, or just a room in the WH. RUSSIA
Haha, that will be the first time that you know details.
Don't believe a word out of your mouth!
Right on Trump!
You have yet to prove relative  knowledge of anything.
Lier, lier, lier

We know you do. That's a given. It's those damn Dems.
Seriously Don?  You haven't a clue.
Then explain how your inability to staff your admin has nothing to do with the time you waste watching TV and playing golf
Trying too hard...
Prove it by actually talking abt substance of the bill. You can't.
your way of reasoning you'll always be right.
POTUS sees the whole picture.Congress and Senate playing catch up.They are used to the slog in the bog, not used to fast pace of business.
Please many of your own party, the Republicans, in case you didn't know, don't believe you understand this bill.
