Still can’t believe that a sitting #US president retweets Fox as reliable news and uses his Twitter to instigate public panic/fear.
So glad you do not live in the USA. He is OUR President!
Please speak for yourself.
I am.
"My" would be the word you're looking for then.
TRUMP HELP MAKE AUSTRALIA GREAT AGAIN
Get off TV and do some work lazy man.
Yet nothing about the mass shooting in Florida.....
General Trump when are u going to stamp out ISIS
Time to end this disease!!! Turn the mad dog and his wolves loose on them!!! 
Yeah. Um, not a terrorist attack. Sorry to disappoint you. Rgds, 
Be clear! If you want to correspond please. Thanks 
Australia isn't in your travel ban
Sad
Mr president the news can report the news how about you just stick to governing because as we all see your doing a terrible job!!!
According to Clinton and others we should have open doors and love one and others.
God, I wish it was 10 years later, and you were about to die of old age!
I can' t understand how every media is against Mr Trump ,  he is the only one with  the capability to solve the problem. There is no other.
And no tweets about Orlando?  Why? Because it was done by a 45 year old white man.
@realDonaldTrump
It's ramadon people.  It's an insect devil holiday that stirs up hate and death.  Be alert, be vigilant civilized world
.
Donnie's new mates are supporting ISIS
Do u support assassination of financiers?
Let's be thankful we have a @POTUS that does not want attacks to become the norm in USA. Keep fighting trump. #maga
They claim responsibility for everything because they think they're bad @ss. Too bad Trump isn't smart enough to get this yet.
@realDonaldTrump 4
Get a job!!! Wait u do have a job to kissing up ro fox and friends 
The fact that our president retweets this as a way to fire up his ignorant, racist base is despicable.
Acknowledging attacks all the way in Australia, but no word yet on Orlando? Oh yeah, the gunman was white and American, so never mind...
Orlando,  used a gun. Now if the receptionist was allowed to carry and shoot back this this.......
You're a nasty piece of work, Donald!
That's happening here In Australia the home I born and raised
Thanks for speaking out on behalf of the victims of the Orlando attack. That happened yesterday.  In the United States. That wasn't ISIS.
Gee, if only someone had a foolproof plan to eliminate ISIS in 30 days, it would be so EASY.
You have intelligence briefings and you are tweeting what FOX says. Our country is in trouble. Sad.
they'd claim responsibility for me spilling my drink if they were given the chance
What about Orlando? No  tweets? It's OK to have a mentally disturbed man owning guns? NRA counts on you and your dangerous bills.

#MadmanDT
. You seem to like the word traitor, something you're familiar with?
So how's that plan to defeat isis in your first 30 day's? #liar #treasonoussnake #notmypresident #ImpeachTrump #wemissobama #obamawasbetter
Now you're going to use the Australian incident to fuel your agenda?. you have no moral-less quit in you do you donnie
No discriminate religious travel ban for do-diddly donnie, ever!
So 45 if you and fakenews, i mean "FauxNews" sorry, if you report all the terrorist attacks by extremists the courts will come around?
Any comments on the Orlando Shootings? No I Didn't think so.
The president is getting his Tuesday morning briefing - from Fox & Friends. Doesn't that make you feel secure!
Statements like that will NOT heal our land. They are a direct reflection on you.
Statements like that are also unfortunately true and a direct reflection on your president
and it's only the begging feeling very sorry for the victims R.I.P
#FakeNews
#Reality_Of_KabirJi
In bible it is written that kabir is god 
Ivoy 36 ;5
man wrote that.
Yeah,true man wrote bible, but its d word of God written by men inspired by God.Some he actually gave himself eg on mount when he gave moses
Yes A man wrote bible but all knowledge is about to god
Why are you tweeting Fox News like any of us are stupid enough to listen?
Do they stage photoshoots?
Don't care. Nobody with any intelligence will listen to it coming from them.
Thank God I found the bastion of reason and logic from you
Thank god ur the only one stupid enough to listen to @foxandfriends
Nope, turned that off 6 years ago, you just gonna keep assuming things about me and others?
But wait! You promised to get rid of ISIS! I guess anything ISIS does now is actually YOUR fault!!
Fox Fear Alert
Slay them wherever you fine them!!!!! Go USA
Faux news and you trump probably financed this latest terrorism
Aussies may want their guns back
Should we go with Russian AK47's or American M16's?
Hey Tiger, why not try watching cartoons in the morning? You'd have a better day. We all would.
Because he doesn't want to follow your example
My fiction comes from the President.
I know. SAD.
He's leading. Not watching the news and golfing.
no prob calling this out- VA 1 woman dead- 2 officers-1 Nazi SAD
So that's your only "statement" on the terrorist attack in Australia? No solidarity? No condolences? No standing with Australia?
It wasn't a terrorist attack, just a drug addict with mental problems similar to Sydney seige, labeled terrorist for political purposes
It was sadly. Killer called the Channel Seven newsroom and said ‘this is for IS (Islamic State)’ and ‘this is for al-Qaeda’.
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: ISIS claims responsibility for hostage siege in Melbourne, Australia that killed 1 pe...
STOP HEROIN
Stay strong President Trump!!!
What the Heck? That's a lot of words, they must have just fed the Russian trolls... #ImpeachTrump #arrestrussiantrolls
EXCELLENT FOX & FRIENDS
THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT !
DONALD J. TRUMP 
FOR THE REAL NEWS 
Read the Koran and then come back to me when you have understood why your last tweet was wrong
Jesus is a myth, just as fictional as Santa Claus.  Real history, dissproves events within the bible, all religions are control methods.
And still nothing about Orlando. Way to put America first 
Maybe he wasn't elected to represent Orlando, just Pittsburgh
My bad, forgot about that tiny detail 
And Orlando sounds a bit Mexican, so maybe he doesn't know it's in the country he is trying to be president of
Puerto Rican and Cuban, not Mexican
Chump doesn't know the difference, though, sadly
do they really have to claim it anymore? We all just kind of assume it, funny how stereotypes work
Don't try to use our country in your sad attempts at terrorist scare mongering. #foxtrumpcunts
Kewl,FOX has stopped sexually attacking their "friends" long enough to put together a "newscast?" Only FOOLS watch such a dangerous source.
@realDonaldTrump
It's an obvious fake. Lighting and head tilt are wrong. Or are you just making a homophobic statement?
@saltyleft it's *became and *I know, but we're the idiots lmao..... stay salty
Why did you not retweet the Portland attack, which did occur in #MAGA  against Muslim citizens?
So you retweet the death of a person you think may have some sort of Muslim connection but killings in the US by looney Americans bore you?
Read my lips extreme veting
Nice hooters
AUSTRALIA WAKE UP & STOP THIS DEMONIC EVIL. PLEASE DO NOT VOTED LEFTIST LIBERALS THEY WILL SCREW YOUR COUNTRY MORE BIG TIME.
Under Obama's agreement w Australia, had Killary been POTUS, this Somali terrorist would've been shipped 2 the US. Thx @realDonaldTrump.
They'd claim a cheese sandwich if it got them on tv. Little turds
We need to protect this country and the Dems need to stop acting like children
You don't say
So go get them

ISIS took credit for Philippine Cadino tragedy but it's been ignored - why ?
Tragic as this story is, I've had drunk relatives do more damage. Not shitting my pants over this.
It juniority
Request to @realDonaldTrump for political asylum for #GE @generalelectric whistleblower Seema Sapra http://seemasapra.blogspot.in/2017/06/fwd-request-to-us-president-donald_6.html … @FBI @StateDept
Don, do you think that ISIS may sometimes claim responsibility falsely? You know, maybe they're opportunists. Just like you retweeting this?
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Trump
Giving the terrorists what they want: no attack too small or too far away for a big all-caps alert.
Where is the outrage about the domestic terrorist Americans killing each other in hate crimes? Much more heinous. Speak up @realDonaldTrump
I have a feeling Putin will be directing more of these lone wolf attacks as the pressure is on him & Trump for collusion in the election
@realDonaldTrump What you're failing to mention, Donald, is this attacker was put on parole when he shouldn't have!  Didn't enter illegally!
ISIS will claim responsibility for anything if it looks to favour them.
Better than them. Unless you are not and then you belong in prison next to him.
.@realDonaldTrump and @foxandfriends: which one of you is the dog, and which one is the tail? I've lost track.
Anything to tweet about recent shootings carried out by US citizens? No? Ah, I guess that doesn't fit in with your agenda does it? 
to hell with ISLAM... declare war on ISLAM b4 its too late.
Will any of your female anchors have sex with me? Seems to be a requirement to be on the air.
I thought you were defeating ISIS with your secret 30 day plan? Remember - you said only you could do it. We're waiting... #TrumpSucks
Add Australia to Travel Ban!
tbh what has the world become.
Hey at least you're not tweeting some vile atrocities at the mayor of Melbourne. So progress?
Sparkie, Why do u retweet Fox&Friends? Ur the goddamn President not a PR rep for Fox, unless there's a secret agreement we don't know about
We need legislation making membership in subversive groups like ISIS & Al-Qaeda illegal. Proactive war measure. Make it constitutional.
.@realDonaldTrump Have you Have you ever stoped to think that YOU are reponsible for these terrorism attacks? That YOU rile people up?
are you sure?  aren't you aware its due to global warming?
Are you disappointed again the attack wasn't here? Stop pushing fate!
Meanwhile, people are murdering other people in your own backyard, and you continue to shit the bed about your electoral votes.
We gotta work on better carry licensing education, training / testing. Suggesting "drivers license" Federal style carry "permits" 
27 Americans were murdered in past 24 hours.  Missed that news?  Killed by gun violence.  USA with guns are winning bigly in murder rate


It's like a daily occurance in leftist countries. How's multiculturalism working out?
U should be listening to ur intelligence agencies, not the Russian style propagandists of fox news.
Why now concern about the recent Orlando shooting? Is it because a Muslim didn't do it?
Funny thing Mr trump, the world has always been a scary place but it will never be scary enough for me to follow you and your negativity
This person reportedly was also an ice addict
Your favorite loony tune tv station
Still not saying anything about the white male terrorists here in the U.S. Portland and yeserday in Florida. Your racism is showing again.
Did you hear about #orlando ?
Australia told them years ago,if they didn't like the Laws of Australia then leave.Should have enforced.
If leaves fell in autumn ISIS would claim responsibility for it.
Here is another country that needs to rethink their gun bans!
you're president remember?? not a fox news reporter...
Why is our President retweeting stories about ISIS claims? Is @POTUS ISIS? He's giving them plenty of publicity.
@realDonaldTrump #covfefe
Of course they do.  Countries have given them a free pass.
they claim anything BS and violence
You tweet about this but what about our three American heroes in Portland...and that was a homegrown TrumpTrain crazy perpetrator.
#IStandWithPresidentTrump against terrorism.
I have a clogged toilet....wait, this just in, breaking news..ISIS has claimed responsibility for my clogged toilet!! Worst kind of terror
Do you have a majority stake in fox news now?
I fell out the tub today... ISIS claimed it
JV Team expands its wings to Australia. Cannot get into Poland or Hungary where the Leaders are smarter than the average
Hey Grandpa, It would be great if you at least pretended you didn't get all of your news from Fox & Friends. Let's work on that, okay?
Didn't Trump tell us he was going to wipe out ISIS? Didn't he say 30 days? Is he going to do it watching early am TV? Imagine 5:30 TV on!
Who is using Twitter to instigate public fear? How? Do u even know what u r saying? He's done no such thing. Some ppl have 2 start thinking.
Isis took credit for a mentally ill man...nice try though
what about THESE PEOPLE IN YOUR OWN COUNTRY???????  There is a growing concern about travel to #FL!! http://www.clickorlando.com/news/shooting-investigated-at-warehouse-in-orange-county …
We are going to have to ask you to leave now.
Australian govt should "claim responsibility for disarmed citizenry that leaves innocent people vulnerable to this. Just like Brits!
ISIS stole my covfefe
No report about the Orlando shooting. ok for others to terrorize&kill us just as long as they are not Muslim.
Love how Fox calls them 'cops'. Like they've got an axe to grind with The Man.
They hate The Man so much why don't they vote Left for once?
So
When God when will this stop
Tell us about the terrorist in Orlando that killed 5 times as many people this week.
Uh-huh...Fox News, right. The attack is real, but you and @FoxNews are not.What about Comey on Thurs?Better get the TV warmed up! #Impeach45
now Australia ????
Nothing to see here move along
Just an FYI...there was a domestic mass shooting in Florida yesterday. Since @NRA controls you, you didn't feel need to tweet about that.
Fake news! donnie spends much time on twitter promoting the propaganda fox news. Don't be fooled, they only report on what he wants to hear.
Especially when Trump needs distractions
Its ok because this country was founded by immigrants and the only ones that really should be complaining bout immigrants or foreiners...
@JimScotty - London, Melbourne, Paris again, I'm losing track. If there was an easy way to stop this; hmmm....
Pretty tough when you have things like the 9th circuit and the Democrats doing everything to work against stopping it.
How's your plan for getting rid if ISIS in 30 days going for you?
#BanIslam
FAKE NEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I thought you considered this fake news correct hypocrite
See, all you care is about Muslims.  Where are your words about Orlando?
White supremacists kill several Americans just this week & we're not at war with em yet?!
Speaking of ISIS ....you promised to defeat them....whats up with that?

