For a bloated draft dodger you surely talk big. Tell us #MoronDon, how can we create world peace if all you think of is destruction
You know nothing about patriotism
Bullshit. I fought for this country in Vietnam. I did that so they we could maintain our rights. He has done nothing.
My brother was a vet and he worked to get donations for the WW 2 memorial until his death. He would never respect anyone not standing
His choice. It’s not mine. And get some tolerance for others opinions
Don't you have a day job Trump?
He works harder than any Zpresident we have ever had and he takes nothing not like money grabbing Hillary and Obama
I think congress needs to work on a law addressing the President's access to social media.
STOP the cryptic. We are adults not uncool kids that don't know what the cool kid knows. Please STOP acting like this - it's embarrassing.
I say Bravo


You are a total embarrassment to our country and the world. You will go down in history as the worst joke in our nation’s history. Sad fool!

The citizens of North Korea are victims too, their gov't essentially hold them in a giant prison. Mass murdering them not good solution
P  U  E  R   T   O

R   I   C   O
Throwing Paper Towels at Them?
#fuckingmoron
The fact that we have not been on the brink of a nuclear war for those 25 years is evidence that it did work. Then you show up. RESIGN.
A nuclear war?  Killing innocent people? Like a good Christian?
Yeah, only one thing.....impeachment!! Bye...
If you’re talking about your resignation, I’m all for trying that!
So you can play the role of a war president? All of that blood will be on YOUR hands. Is that what you are sorry for?
Please don't hurt the innocent citizens of North Korea that are already being oppressed. #Nowarinnorthkorea
There’s something wrong with you, d’ya hear me - SOMETHING WRONG
Yip, he's not been wired up properly. A dangerous wee stupid looking man.
but i thought you were the best negotiator and we were all going to be sick of all the winning??!
We are winning
Sorry for the carnage that will result from your inability to comprehend the true cost of your ego trip? Millions of people will die...
Rep. Swalwell on #Trump administration: ‘It’s been a storm of incompetence’
He is the most competent man I have seen and he fights for America instead of run us down like bam bam did
Sure he does so competent he is busy sucking Putin dildo
Can you liberals have a conversation w/o a filthy mouth?
Can you conservatives stop being racist
Liberals are the racist. Everyone thinks we should all look and act like them
HE must be STOPPED .
Stopped only if you no longer believe in America.  Many countries would LOVE to take over the USA.
lmfao--Heeez too DUMB & EVIL to Trust..HE lies DAILY...THE WORLD KNOWS it..WE R SAFE bcuz Hez a CRAZY unprdctable NUT..he WOULD LUV A,WAR...
Stop doing your job. We can get somebody else, they’ll do it for free at this point. Just stop touching things.
The only thing that will work to keep world peace is to #ImpeachTrump.  @GOP @TheDemocrats
You continuing to be a blow hard with no clear foreign policy beyond your brand? Oh yeah how are your Golf courses in Scotland doing?
Only one thing will work ... SHARING THE LOVE
Szechuan sauce?
I hates when peoples makes fools of me
https://twitter.com/TranslateRealDT/status/916996863567581188 … #MAGA @Gop #DontheCon #moron #NFL
...my bluff hasn't worked, and now we have a President making threats of nuclear war over Twitter. Sorry, but only impeachment will work! https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/916751271960436737 …
Senator Corker at least stands up for his beliefs. At least he has some standards unlike you and Pence. You are no President...
North Korea.  Do Nothing.  Puerto Rico.  Do Nothing.  Gun Violence.  Do Nothing.  Police Brutality.  Do Nothing.  Racism.  Stir it up.
Idiot!
1. what will? world war 3? deaths of millions/thousands of innocent people due to you threatening north korea on twitter of all places and
What we have to worry about now is how many people are going to suffer from your EO on #Trumpcare #DeathCare #25thAmemdmentNow
sorry mate have no idea what your on about.. EO? Please explain thanks :)
When you say "One thing..." and don't explain, you make people think "war" and scare us all to death! Not MAGA!
And that one thing is impeachment.
Please resign before you destroy the world
Purge of Wiggle by China. Great darkness in modern society. Chinese genocide. #Wiggle   https://twitter.com/n1582m06d02/status/917860911255142400 … …
日とされて居ります。左様成らば、中露等の民族浄化政策や各種在日特権も糾弾されて然る可きでは無いでしょうか?。外国人への生活保護、国保/年金加入等は或る意味自国民に対するヘイトです。常任理事国(…
RT有難う御座います。1枚目はウィグル、2枚目はチベットでの残虐行為です。中共の領土欲は無限です。
Keep up the good work
Only one thing will work: H-bombs, powerful, yet environmental ly safe, to eliminate nuke war base, instantly, without giving it preemptive.
https://twitter.com/michellepiper18/status/917022941006716928 …

Stop threatening war on Twitter in our country's name.
He can do whatever he wants
Have fun with that!
Sorry but only one thing will work...WTF is wrong with you? Omg go away!!
Literally the best way you could serve your country right now is by having a massive heart attack. 

But you're well versed in not serving.
The fact that Twitter let's you have your account is proof that America isn't free
That's a dumb statement
FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron FUCKINGmoron
President Pendejo; President Pendejo; President Pendejo; President Pendejo; President Pendejo; President Pendejo; President Pendejo
@TwitterSupport is it alright to threaten nuclear war on Twitter? Asking for 65 million of @HillaryClinton 's closest friends.
@POTUS please view @KenBurn’s #Vietnam. Find out what what #WAR is about before launching carnage. Veneer of civilization is thin.
He knows what war is, he was against us invading Iraq. He listens to his generals.
Says you, who'll be in a bunker underground, safe from the bombs! You don't give a crap about your supporters, you'll leave them to die!
When u stat WWIII will your  kids and grand kids enlist in the military & fight? So easy to be a bad ass and send others' children to die
You are crazy. Negotiations work. #notagame #ImpeachTrump
25 years of no nuclear war sounds like it was working to me
UR ESCALATING NK w/Flip comments w/twitter, undermining any chance 4diplomatic resolution Give Sanctions/Talks a chance
Never has a POTUS been so threatening in Cryptic messages while Smiling gleefully, winking 2cameras, about StartingWar/STOP
You really should stop with all your bullshit only the 24% are buying it.
We must all stay strong and remember this too shall pass
I hope you don’t mean what it seems like you mean! That would be very bad! Lots of people would die! Dying is bad! Please don’t do!
He will be talking smack and feuding with someone over something petty until he takes his last miserable breath.
You being impeached. And locked up. That would WORK!
Easy talk tough when the missiles are aimed at Guam or the west coast.  R U so tough if they aim at ur home or ur family? #ImpeachTrump
That one thing would be your resignation!
Damn. How did I only just now notice that the tweet that could end the world has a typo in it??  Because of course it does.
What? Nuclear war? You want to kill millions of people that are already victims of Kim Jong Un? You're a monster.
You're right; only one thing will work...your resignation
Making Fools Of - that is your area of expertise
When can we expect your letter of resignation?
That one thing is you getting impeached
25th Amendment. But I’m not sure Pence is fit either.
You shutting your mouth!  Your caretaker hiding your phone?  #ImpeachTrump
#TotallyIncompetent
#AmazinglyStupid
#WorstPresidentEver
lmao jess you kill me with your tweets, tell him babe
Are you familiar with concepts like innocent civilians and fallout? This is not some duel for honor.
He does not give a crap. He will be safe hiding in his bunker. When he emerges he will be walking on the ashes and bones of America
Thanks for the reassurance! lol. May sanity rule the day. Who really wants to walk on ashes and bones?
Really? What's that? Name calling on twitter? Sorry, but Tillerson was right; you're a moron.
I believe he said 'fucking moron', which is even more accurate.
Very true.
https://www.facebook.com/thescoop.us/videos/379813669101447/ … Ken Sturdy, his words poignant, and I think Mr President you should take heed...
You may think that diplomacy is a waste of money. But with the alternative being the loss of life, surely war is never an option ...
You resigning? That would be tremendous.
I agree, give up your position to someone who is skilled at foreign policy and can win at negotiations. You obviously are a loser...
That agreement was just an agreement to keep up the dialogue with Iran as long as we kept giving them money.  It is not a treaty!
Sounds like you all are Hillary fans if you don't like how President Trump is doin just LEAVE.
You're willing to risk US military personnel in a pissing contest? They deserve a better commander in chief than you.
The military and the generals love him as do we
Our generals & military have proven to have more integrity in their pinkies than DT has in his whole body.
Yeah! Only one thing, a primo Photo op and the chance to make a bad deal so America will day 'Look! He did something real! Not Fake News!' That works cuz it strokes your ego Donald and you need that with everyone deserting the sinking ship!
smooth things over with lil rocket man lol
We are with you 100% Mr. President! God Bless you and your family!
I support you but this is not a matter to be tweeting about. Please Potus, a little self restraint, self control  is good.
As long as you go in,get it done,n get out.Not likeVietnam.Bestto getfat boy nsupporters,nleave peoplealone ifpossible.Suffered enuff.
God bless you President Trump...and God bless America.   #MerryChristmas.
Sounds like our treaties with Native Americans. Broken before the ink was dry on the paper!
You have zero skills, just resign. Any other president could hold off war, but not you, you can't wait to get people killed, you ass.
Would you SHUT UP.  You're are purposely trying to start a war.  Then comes the nuclear warheads, and we all die, NUTJOB.
We're getting together a fund to S you to North Korea so you can punch Kim Jong since you like hitting. Or is it just Melania you hit?
If you start World War III, you can bet your ass you’ll be impeached
Just do it Donald!
Blow the fucker up!!!
You bluffin? Diverting from investigation? Trigger itchy? 
ALL OF THE ABOVE?
I will proudly take up arms and serve again under your administration Mr.President. In God, yourself and Mad Dog Mattis I trust !
It has worked! Can’t you seeThat?  They talk, they threaten, but no soldiers have died and there has been NO WAR!! Think, man!!
A book club invitation?
Thank you Ricky
LoL i see that post on instagram so i chack that acc to realize that shit hahaha and be true 
you ARE a moran!!
It's not often I read your followers' comments, but when I do, I see they don't have much good to say about you.  So why tweet?
Yeah!  Childish insults and name calling!  That will work.
Rocket man said you have a small weiner. Maybe you guys could just have a fist fight and I leave the rest of us out of it.
Mother Nature made YOU a fool.
Yes, you leaving office. #Resign #Impeach #25thAmendmentNow
@realDonaldTrump please don’t sign mine and my daughters death certificates-your tweets &comments keep me up at night afraid I won’t wake up
We should send you there to run North Korea!
What can TrumpBannonMillerMercer do if NO Opposition Media or Congress to speak truth to power? Think hard about MercerBannonMillerLobby$$$
you are the head fool.
AND YOU EVIDENCE OF THAT IS WHERE? I HAVEN'T SEEN ANY BUT THAT IS TYPICAL OF YOU AND YOUR FASCIST LOT...TO SPOUT BULLSHIT WITHOUT BACKING IT
Is the problem about guns? Yet NYC was able to get control back...
#YoureFiredIran
You are delusional to think your threatening rhetoric will work.
I Support Donald Trump's My Opinion To Donald Trump's is To Get Things Done And Show...Our Enemies How Tough We Are. That Enough & Enough!:)
For Those Who Are Scared To Fight Again For Freedom. It's A Easy Say GTF Out Of Our Main Beautiful American Land Of The Brave!!;)
Who Was Never Afraid Neither Told US American Citizens about How A President Would Get Detailed Taking Action Not Talks& Getting Things Done
My Opinion As An American Born.When Did The United States of America Had a US President Who Believed in God And The American People?

So threatening NK like a 5 year old is so much more effective?
NK would be a great spot for a luxury hotel. Tons of food, medicine, swank village by the DMZ! Cool leader/cool haircut! 
#REALITY✓ #MAGA
But in those 25 years, no war with N. Korea. You silly billy.
The fact you're threatening North Korea with war on Twitter goes to show how much of a gobshite you actually are.
Nobody needs North Korea
Not incitement of War... Mutually Assured Destruction is a loss for everyone. You can't bully an ego-maniac. You have to diffuse them.
Find a English tutor!
It HAS worked as we're not in the midst of a nuclear war! You're the only one who wants war and you'll find any excuse to get your way!
#ImpeachTrumpNow . Yeah, that would work.
Bloodshed is not the answer. You have enough of Americas blood on your hands. Plus consider a nuclear fallout over there. Who they border.
Listen to your damn advisors. There is no winner in a war against N Korea. As someone who can't get supplies to PR, you should know this.
Half your problems would be solved if you would just shut your gd mouth for 2 seconds fr
Killing two million people?
So, I heard the White House is like an adult daycare center. Why does this not surprise me
Get R done
Please seek psychiatric care, apparently you are in great need of it.
@Twitter Hey. This is scary. A crazy man with the power to take us unto war is teasing just that.
Hope you reconsider. They can remove you using 25th Amendment if try to engage in nuclear war, not on table. Ample grounds, don't push them.
Becouse irs making us repay subsidies for insurance were gonna lose everything
Hand in the air!!!Send Hillary! 5 minutes with her and he’ll hop on one of his rockets.
I thought trump was the best negotiator and that he would hire the best negotiators? Another lie from the worst president in history.
Kim’s inner circle knows what to do. 
Re-enact that scene from dr Strangelove and ride the bomb yourself. That would definitely be killing two birds with one stone
Shhhhhhh already....
Another stunning example of how unfit for this job you are. RESIGN!
Blowing things up and putting U.S. citizens in danger won't improve your ratings, dummy. Resigning will. #Resist #ResignTrump
I agree North Korea has thumb their nose at the US time and time again. Its time to wipe them off the face of the earth.
.@SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi @SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer I sure hope u can subdue this nut job, Trump, b4 "the storm" after "the calm" comes. 
#HowToHandleNorthKorea 
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2636649 
Then I want to see you and yours on the front lines
We won't be your collateral damage because of your deranged gerontology! You know nothing about fallout or radiation!
Grabbing them by the pussy? Tell me it's grabbing them by the pussy?
#WatergateWithRussianDressing
Just say we're going to war and stop with the bull shit "Find out next week" announcements you entertainment buffoon.
You're like a 16 y/o girl using drama to impress/freak out your boyfriend. "Calm b4 the storm". Really? #MoronInChief
oh...
Idiot
We don't need another war. Period.
Please have Ride of the Valkyries playing
This is clearly “Threatening violence or physical harm” by the most capable man in the world to carry out the threat. #reportTrump
@realDonaldTrump is the FOOL
Only one thing WILL work -- RESIGN. TODAY.
Te odio trompa
Si ahubo
My Opinion Americans Deserve Respect To Our Flag ,Simbolisim, Soldiers And Those Who Spread Blood For Freedom....

You must be really scared about the Russia investigation if you think threatening to start a war is a good idea.
You fucking idiot. You are starting WW3 and you're going to get a lot of innocent people killed. Do the planet a favor and quit breathing.

Trump is the most dangerous man in the world. Congress needs to intervene now & take his ability to start a preemptive war. #NorthKorea 
