That would be MURDERED , by one of your supporters due to your hateful rhetoric.
White's are more likely to get shot by police. BLM CNN fake news other left groups lie harder for whites today fact check. Ps KKK is evil!!
Hypocrisy to the highest level. Trump allows and even encourages this kind of behaviour. Racist USA needs to be put under human rights watch
But you still won't call this for what it is: Domestic terrorism. #whiteterrorism #justasbad #notnegotiable
Don't blame the President! Blame yourselves!
America is losing. I LIED to the American people in saying I would replace Yellen as the first thing I do as the Lotus Potus.
Hey!i got an idea,one that you proffessed, go shoot someone and we'll  see if you lose yur base now.i guarantee you are no better than us.
Heather Heyer
#NaziRussianPuppet
Cut it out. Your influence and participation of these hate groups is the reason this young lady was murdered
Best regards? For people run down by a car?What the hell is wrong with you, man?U don't even have a grasp of etiquette and the english lang
An encouragement smile for both them and those suffering from the terror attack in spain! :)
so sad.
Far Right Extremists and their Terrorism need to be called out for that!  Talk about what those hate groups have done to American citizens!
ILLiberals(democrats)side with demonic moslems.The USA has a moslem problem. moslem=satan
Doesnt seem sincere since YOU defended the Gang behind her death! Nazi/Alt-right r a hate group!Say Her Name! #Sad #Resist
Pretty sure her family doesn't need to hear that from you. Think it's sad? Then do something about your supporters terrorizing our country.
Fuck Mr Donald j. Trump
Terrible things what have you done. You can't win the next election.

Dude go back to School
You can't even say her name? What is wrong with you?
What is so sad is you!!!!!
Your sympathy is insufficient- you should be condemning the groups who came out with intent to kill.  These nazi-wannabes are deplorable.
Help us get your type in Nigeria
#resignnow
"Best Regards"? "So sad"? YOU ARE A JJJJOOOOKKKKKEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You should resign
Obama would have attended. Got it, you do everything that opposes his actions. Which explains the lowest approval of all time from a Pres. 
All injured, even the KKK and Nazis - so sad!
Virginia governor, Charlottsville mayor, and the judge who granted the permit sit it all up.  They caused Heather's death to frame President
Listen:
It is sad that we are in this place of violence.  Please stay true to your values, your vision for America.  Don't cave to the fake media
best regards?
WHY aren't u saying this was terrorism?  is it bcuz his skin is the same color as yours? Is it bcuz he was born here?  
This is YOUR fault
Yes, it is sad.
All your fault because this happen!!!! Right from the get go!!!!!!
There isn't room for 1% of ambiguity concerning racist in #Charlottesville. You left about 15%. Segregation still existed in our lifetime
ok, hitler pt. 2, thanks for those "condolences"
Her name is Heather Heyer!!!!!!!!!
What is sad is your presidency. You have no class. President Barack H. Obama was much better than you. You will never be better than him.
Your base is packing guns at these parks...people could be killed and you are behind the voice of violence
Can't get enough of the good things @POTUS is doing!@OANN is only real "news" network. Can't trust @MSNBC @ABC @CBSNews @CNN et. al
Best regards????? Are you serious? Wishing someone best regards for being injured. I have nothing more to say.
Best regards? Are you signing fan mail?
Ass
you failed to keep your country safe. racial violence has doubled since you became president
Good afternoon POTUS! I'm BACK! Did you think blocking me was going to silence me? Grow up & take criticism like a man!
You're the president of the United States of America. If you don't want to be criticized, resign!
Unless you're willing to resign, put on your big boy pants and deal with the fact that everyone doesn't agree and isn't going to praise you
This is America, not Trumpland! I understand you like sycophants and witless robots who dance to the music of the pied liar.
But some of us have to give you the cold hard truth about how your narcissism, impulsivity, bad judgment, & racism is hurting the nation
Trump can block anyone on his personal account. Get your facts straight
Wrong. This is in court as we speak. He himself said these are official statements from the President of the US. POTUS acct is staffers
Haven't heard anything about this going to court. If so, the media would he all over it.
Stop retweeting yourself, you asshole.
Hihi
#FakePresident
Can you say her name? #HeatherHeyer
If you were really expressing condolence you might have actually reached out to her family or condoned white supremacy right away.
Does it upset you @BarackObama had a better response message which broke Twitter record likes and you only have 110k on this. Sure it is 
Won't be this way when President Pence takes over. :)
I hear that they do not want condolences. They want this administration to stop defending racism and fanning flames of hatred.
SAY HER NAME!
You might as well have been sitting in the driver's seat, sir. I'll put this in language you will understand: You are a bad person.
হি
Yeah you seem really torn up about it. Best regards to you I hope you feel better. Lol
Don't look like a bunch of violent #WS to me! It WAS a setup and a bunch of violent #antifa that #Democrats embrace. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JSOoh_bbvwU …
Your racism is showing with this shallow tweet. Family deserves a call
Keep up the good work mr. president. You told it like it happened in Charlottesville and the left can't handle the truth
u don't matter go get you Winery and get out of Charlottesville
Dickwad. But then again, i'm sure NO ONE there wanted you in their clean space. It would take forever to wash your stink off. #NAZILOVER
"Best Regards?" Condolences on your failing presidency. So bad!
Best regards? SO SAD??? She is dead, have some respect!!!
You caused it! You might as well been driving the car you hate filled white supremacist.
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville,...
Regards to my daughter @realDonaldTrump , I don't think you care about anyone else but yourself and those who follows you.......
Best regards? That's an odd way of addressing victims of white male terrorism.

More
Great Parody Vid Part 2

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously…
Wtf is this shit ...
@realDonaldTrump You suck!
What makes the terrorist who killed her different from other terrorists you abhor?
you mean the victim of the terror attack. Say what it is. A racist terror attack.
Best regards to you too Donald "Bloody Hands" Trump.
Praying 
My President! Pls hold the George Soros owned biased Socialist Liberal Press accountable and brought to justice 4 fake news
If you think it is really sad, please do not put victims in the future. If you can not do it, please tie down with these people.
Minuscule groups of idiots on the right and left get national headlines , when the majority of normal people aren't associated with either.
You don't even have the sense to even know her name you insensitive,racist,tangerine fuhrer!!
Wasn't equal sided.. LIVE pictures don't lie.. but you do!
Sure you're NOT a racist but you ARE a sympathizer... That's as bad
BOTH SIDES KILL THE WOMEN
HATE AN EVIL EMOTION
BAD
"Best regards" ?
WTF
Very sad! Disappointed bigly you didn't call out BLM and Antifa
"Best regards"?! You're legitimately out to lunch and out of touch. #outtolunch #alsoyouareinsane

"Best regards'sounds like a thank you letter ending...!
You are an embarrassment,the press will be rightfully cruel to you today..tRump hole

Great - UR peeps killed this woman. Her blood is all over U. @TerryMcAuliffe knew what 2 say U never do U POS!
You are responsible for her death.
This is your fault.
SAY HER NAME.  DISAVOW THE TERRORIST GROUP WHO KILLED HER
How about disavowing antifa/BLM thugs who actually started violence-T condemned all w/1st statement still awaiting facts of those involved!
I'd rather condemn the neo-Nazis but thanks!
Sick disrespect
Getting harder and harder to tell the difference...
Do you know the young woman's name?
Resign already!  Your impeachment is right around the corner anyway. Just go before you cause more deaths and destruction.
Say her name.
Donald do you listen to yourself? I wonder what kind of life you'd have lead if you had no inheritance. Pathetic man with tiny hands.
"LOVE IS GOD X HATE IS DEVIL."
#Trump what's your side?
#HUMANIDAD X #Nazism
#PACE X #Terrorism
#LOVE X #Hate
#PACEWORLD  X #StateIslamic
FUKKKKK UUUU
You are a #FakePresident  enjoy while you can, which is NOT too long.
You disgust me, you support the KKK
We love you President Trump!The people in this world are so hateful & corrupt!I pray you get the vetting proposal through &close our borders
Bot
Wow you're so genuine Donny. "Best Regards"?

Dear Sir
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus 
#SantRampalJi is
"World-Victorious Saint"…
Mr.President,I hope you can find the high ground.Sometimes great movies & their characters,fiction or non fiction comfort &,inspire me.
BECAUSE OF TRUMP.. GET  HIM OUT OF OFFICE NOW  BEFOR MORE DAMAGE BE CAUSE, I ASSURE YOU IT WILL LONG AS TRUMP IS STILL IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
You are pathetic and your lies can be easily fact-checked. Why can't you wrap your head around . . . Oh never mind. Can you just resign now?
The family does not accept your condolences because of your disturbing behavior.
Actually her mother has accepted it and has even praised POTUS
Time to clean our house.
 STEVE BANNON WHITE NATIONALIST
STEVE MILLER WHITE NATIONALIST 
SEB GORKA NAZI WHITE NATIONALIST  
Need to be fired
A woman is murdered because of you and you address how good of a job you think that you are doing.
#HeatherHeyer was white and she was the life sacrificed for #WhiteSupremacists. Are you going to tweet something now? #Charolettesville
You're the sad one!
Your son in law and daughter are people Neo-Nazi want to harm! Listen, Hear, Feal and Understand that this is a threat to you #nohate
India temporarily shuts down the internet on handheld devices locally to quell violence, calm crowds.  America should also start doing this.
Lol no you're retarded
Cue up @GovernorVA 's speech Donnie. That's how you lead... not this bullshit.
Son stop lying.  Say that the KKK and Neo-Nazis are wrong already.  I raised you better than to be a nazi sympathizer
Very saddened the mother of the young woman killed wont speak to President Trump. Trump condemned both sides even while awaiting all facts.
As long as she doesn't speak to her daughter's real murderer's the mayor and the governor who let the violence happen
Best regards? Really? People were injured, how about " wishing all of you speedy and complete recovery." Also, Heather Heyer has a name.
Her name is Heather Heyer
You encourage racism. You purposely hand selected a cabinet that each individual had racial discrepancies
Hello. 
Trying to figure this out. Interesting.
Your a boob
Stand up for America!
Her name was Heather Hayes, sir, the young ladies name was Heather Hayes.
did you notice Fox news condemned you for waiting so long to condemn Alt right
.@realdonaldtrump This is #HeatherHeyer- the beautiful young woman murdered on your behalf bc you support #WhiteNationalism #TrumpsNazis
Did you write this or did your publicists, this has feelings in it. Lol
The real problem is that 62m people didn't have a problem voting for a known and proven racist.  And to @GOP fully supports racism as well.
You are a racist.
Yes & u called ur voters fine ppl. She went on TV & said she didn't want to C u or talk 2 u!
How dare you fake grieve this young American woman,and then stick up for the group that commited this heinous crime,.Impeach criminal Pres.
Sorry for the loss. I am Jewish. Is alt- left going to 'sanitize' history WWI, WWII & the Holocaust? We learn by history so don't rewrite.
Bitter sweet truth is #HeatherHyer is GONE due to the cause of hate u influence. BUT she's in paradise ! & You're bringing HELL onto earth.
This just helps show all the danger in different religious beliefs in this country.Maybe that should strictly be made aware to the nation.
Especially other radical beliefs like witchcraft and paganism. Sacrifices is a danger to all life.educating the young generation about orgin
Here is the man who killed her. Your supporter. Speak out against white supremacy, like any real man would.
His Facebook page includes Pepe, swastikas, Bashar al-Assad (called "undefeated") & a baby picture of Adolf Hitler  https://www.buzzfeed.com/claudiakoerner/what-we-know-about-james-alex-fields-charlottesville-crash?utm_term=.yewqYnev5#.sfD01gqVn …
We've got to get something trending...
#Tritler?
I prefer #NoNazisMrTrump
I'm goin with #FireUnholyTrinity of Bannon, Gorka and Miller.
Trifecta!
The Confederates were the parasites of the slave laborers and so did not prosper and hamper the progress of the United States of América.
Pray for the recovery of those injured and for our nation n Prez.
If U R happy with how the last 6 months has gone, then change nothing, BUT if u're not, THEN maybe some analyzing needs 2 take place.
you are a joke resign and do are country a favor  you are a con man and needs to go.
Stop it
U r fos
111k  to 23.5k responds  I believe Thst speaks for itself on Trumps approval ratings!!
You know that ignorance is universal
smh.........
Trump isn't a Nazi, but he supports and emboldens #WhiteSupremacists who are, some of whom shouted #HeilTrump in #Charlottesville.
Free Speech do not include militia or more important murder. Read the constitution
Just because @realDonaldTrump made up the term "alt-left" it doesn't mean you have to use it. It doesn't and never has existed.
Absolutely.
Like you give a shit.
