Do me a favor, President Trump, when you speak to France, and Germany give them my condolences, for letting their countries be invaded!
Thank you President Trump for preventing an elite sponsored terrorist invasion from happening to us, the way they've allowed it in Europe!
Uncle Tony, it is REALLY time for us, and our allies, to begin HUNTING DOWN every stinking, rotten, toilet bowl water drinking terrorist.
President Trump has already begun doing that! Don't forget the swamp, and Deep State are scheming on him also, but he ALWAYS WINS! #MAGA
Oh, please!! He brought the swamp  right in the doors!! #25thAmendmentNow
Go tell that to ur 18 followers. It's obvious ur also regurgitating what msm tells you. SAD
I blocked that last guy Alice. I have to go now, enough libturd, Soros troll abuse for one day. I wan't to celebrate our Nation's birthday!
Have fun and be safe!! I'm outta here too
Hahah Merkel and Macron both thing you're a pathetic little manchild who is incompetent of serving his country. Smart people, they're right
Could you pls tell BHO to stop his foreign affairs trips. He didn't know what to do in his 8 years, what tells him he knows now? Inept 100%!
The president cant tell a private citizen not to travel. Also, you would do better making your request to the leaders that invite him.
If he is a "private" citizen, he shouldn't meddle in Foreign Affairs of USA. He was incompetent then & he will be incompetent now.
Every private citizen has a right to travel and speak about foreign affairs if they are invited to speak.
If BHO a private citizen, he shouldn't  attend events 4 actual Elected Presidents. His 8 yrs policies failed why would they work now? @POTUS
Whether I agree with you or not, he is being invited by those counties because he is respected. That is the point I am making.
Respected? He was a traitor to USA. He was "liked" by the ones that want to see USA on its knees. He still a traitor.  @POTUS
The report I sent you showed he is respected all over the world except in Russia and Israel.  Please provide your proof.
Congratulations on doing your job. Well done. Good boy.
Bet he’s shitting bricks about his talk with the leader of the free world.
Shit.
I'm an educated woman living safely in a country that respects my right to birth control AND practice my faith freely. I'm very lucky.
Speeking about your Terroir and hou can be send for us
ALL OF THEM IN THE ONE ROOM?!?
I'm sure you'll mess that up

I thought it was Italy.
Stick to the subject. Don't embarrass us anymore.
Don't forget to remind them you are president of U.S. - and they are not. Works every time. 
I hope they are smart enough to tape the calls, they must protect themselves from your and @SHSanders45 forthcoming falsehoods.
Macron will make fun of you in French behind your back. Remember only 22% approval rating from around the world!
Please don’t let the fact that they despise you interfere with the talks. Remember: You represent our country. TRY to do it with dignity.
That's like asking a snake not to bite.
That's a couple of yuge party lines hanging up on you! #TwentyfifthAmendmentNOW
Good luck. They both loath you. Think you're an flaming madman.
They know who they are dealing with.  Ask them for us, to share any evidence of the #TrumpRussia collusion they may have.  #DeutscheBank
You couldn't even find them on a map if they were surrounded by arrows. Resign already.
Good to know....
What stupid thing will you say to them?
Lol, Merkel will totally leave the phone off the hook.
So
Here to help: Fröhliche Weihnachten, Joyeux Noël
I suppose that means they think they will be speaking with America.
actually, maybe find out their names before the meeting.
He did, but already forgot !
he could write it on his hand! hurry! someone tell him.
He did, but he can't read it because they are so small!
Were y'all saying same stuff like this against Obama ? Can't believe people can't just support who is prez ... this is what's wrong w/ USA
Good. Please tell Germany and France to stop criminalizing free speech under the guise of hate speech.
To Build a wall around europe?
Yeah...back in the dark ages.
#25thAmmendmentNow #TrumpsMentalState
Ok Twitter- let's see if this wrestling meme can get MORE RETWEETS that the president's wrestling meme. 
Germany and France are not people you can talk to. They are democracies with chancellors and presidents.
Mind your manners.
Germany and France hates you!
Make sure you remind them your president.  Oh and they really like that electoral college story so you might wanna tell that one too
w środę w Polsce .. brawo 
Spast
All you trolls keep trolling. It won’t change the fact he’s still our president! #Trump #ProudAmerican
And we have continued to support their economies and protect them ever since..
Tell them to start protecting their citizens
Have you lived in France or Germany or have friends there? Well I do. They feel perfectly safe. Fake news
Two leaders that have repeatedly criticised and mocked your decisions
"Whoever believes that you can solve problems through isolation and protectionism is making a grave error" - Angela Merkel
and Germany knows... #neverforget
Careful, Donald... Angela Merkel is a lot more powerful than you. In more ways than one!! #MondayMotivaton
I shouldn't make fun of your tiny hands. Not when there's a side-by-side comparison that shows why Merkel is better!!
But still, all this is a deflection from your very real and very harmful #Healthcare bill. #Trumpcare is going to kill millions!!
There needs to be more attention given to those who need #Healthcare and you PROMISED you would cover everyone. Keep that promise, Mr Trump.
Add HC to the list of promises Trump has broken:

Border wall
Drain the swamp
Release tax returns

#mondaymotivation
Well, as far as his supporters are concerned that swamp is drained (of liberal voices) and refreshingly stocked with loyalists!
True say. It's absolutely abhorrent.
Germany  ain't interested in speaking with you, only our representative, mostly out of professional duty

The majority here dislike you 
The times in which we could fully rely on others are, to a certain extent, in the past. 

Angela Merkel, Chancellor of  about the USA
We will come out of this crazy time better from the experience.   Merkel is a grest leader and knows we will be back soon.  #TrumptyDumpty

Well we over here in  do as he's now going to annoy us for some days 
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning....
Do you want to wait until Nigeria Arabic country finish us the Biafrans?
@WHNSC @PressSec
The "friendship" between Germany and the U.S. used to be described as a "cornerstone" http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/merkels-party-no-longer-describing-us-as-a-friend_us_595a742de4b0da2c7324de4a?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPost
The times in which we could fully rely on others are, to a certain extent, in the past. 

Angela Merkel Chancellor of about the USA
I love how you try to talk to everyone and keep peace if possible. Thank you for all you are doing and for all that your family is doing.
#MAGA 
#TrumpStrong  #MAGA 
#MAGA  #MyPresident 
#MAGA  #TrumpStrong  #TrumpTrain        
#EightYearsToGo #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #MAGA 
#SoMuchWinning #StillNotTired #LikeABoss #MAGA 
MAGA? Why are you bringing the Mexican American Grocer Association into this?
Jeff,
Mr. President what are you waiting for  to push for the Biafrans referendum.
You don't expect us the Biafrans to carry guns against the Nigeria military ?
Will you be speaking about a second holocaust?
Germany like me and I like France so. Be cool
So in other words you're going to do your job today like the rest of us?  #pffffbbt #trumpsucks
His work ethic runs yours into the ground; I'm sure.
Seriously? He got so cranky he couldn't do his job by 4:30pm because it was late and he was tired.
Not to mention the amount of golf he plays instead of working...
leave a message after the tone....
Will be asking if we need more walls.. It will be uuuuuge
Do you have enough telephone rate?
Poor germany, poor france
С Францией говорить не о чем, там одни идиоты сидят
#personificationagain #MGFAIHA MAKE GERMANY FRANCE AND ITALY HUMAN AGAIN
Ya better yell real loud, they're pretty far away
BE RESPECTFUL HES YOUR PRESIDENT
When trump was acusing Prez Obama of fake citizenship, did you respect Obama?
Theres a hour or so you will never get http://back.Like  talking to the wall you want to build.
Pssst, he's only here to secretly go shopping @IKEA for his Börder Wåll 
Thats funny.
Excellent. Tweet wisely!
Coño. Con todos???   Otra vez??? Ayer todos los italianos hoy esto....eres un crack hombre
hope you remembered their names in time?
Please don't, I like going to Paris
U just don't want to shake Merkel's hand or look her in the eyes, right?
Wonder if they asked about  #25thAmendmentNow. #aurevoir
Go ahead. Make a fool of yourself again and again. U lack intelligence & diplomacy to carry on a decent conversation with any leader!
You may not have time but call a supporter every now and then. Call it one on one with America.
you can't speak German
Duh
Who are you speaking to?  Seriously, these people have names and jobs or is that how you label people.  #sad.
Nooooo!!!!
Mr or Mrs Germany? Mr or Mrs France? So many questions I have for both. #myidiotpotus #ImpeachTrump
Oh, I bet that they are so excited.  LOL.
Having fun with that @realDonaldTrump
When Trump realizes G20 is coming up and the leaders there do not respect him - gotta try to make some friends he doesn't have to sit alone
Still waiting. I guess you've got my number...
Talk to me I'm from Germany!!!
Why? There lost
Wonder if they'll speak to you! You're an embarrassment to America and the world Trump
Are you serious? Did you go to school? France and Germany don't speak. Or maybe you have one of those pre-school talking maps in the Oval.
And you'll be insulting them too rather than building bridges with our great European allies.
Really? What an accomplishment.
Well aren't you special....
Tell Mr France Mr America said hi.
stop posting everything you're going to do... you say to much and it'll get in the wrong hands... oh it already did.
please dont my god they think we are all fools now
Hold Obama accountable for treason and tensions with illegal meetings with Korea!
You don't speak to a country unless you're addressing them in a nationally televised speech. Otherwise, you are speaking to their leaders.
Give my love to Macron, that's what a real man looks like 

Do you even know the name of the person you are speaking with or are you speaking to a map? Ditto X 2..See Italy..
About what? How to grow a pair or a spine. France and Germany are zombie nations. They have committed suicide.
You understand those are countries and not people right?
He played
would you be fitting in those countries, in between the times you consult with the Devil?
Please tell them you do not represent a great majority of the American people because you're not qualified for your job, and u r a cheat.
Don't use Twitter to threaten people!
Good relationship is always good! !!
Watch they are globalist and do t like that you called them out to pay NATO and withdrew the Paris fiasco
Don't bother. I'm washing my hair.
"Willl be embarrassing myself this morning again." D.T. You're hilarious.... Keep on. Make Assholehood Great Again.
Oh Lord help us all!  Try not to speak much!  Just sit with your tiny hands in your huge lap and let them do the talking!

You aren't worried they're going to laugh at you the moment you leave the room?
They need to laugh at him the entire time he's in the room.
Bring plenty of Brats and Sauerkraut, let's do American business. Get er done @realDonaldTrump
will they be speaking back? #UnfitToBePresident
"Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia...," but "will be speaking with Germany and France" and Italy... We trust, they know better.
Great! If the Germans say "Verpiss Dich" or "Du bist blödsinnig", it means they think you are a wonderful guy and doing a great job. #25th
Ask leader of free world how she's doing plz! #pettysential #PINO
Scary...
Na, thats just the names of the strippers he hired to pee on him. #theresistance
Please don't
Hope someone gave you big boy words to use.
Please, don’t start a war with them. I appeal to your humanity, or what’s left of it.
Why? Negotiations are very important.

But did they speak to you?
We don't trust either one of them! Globalist!
Ethics and turns around and disbands there religion which is the basis for family ethics? Make sense to you?
I'm still waiting for the call Agent Orange.
Oh god no. Really? Can't you just, I don't know. Not bother? Like.. you look daft enough already. No point making a complete tit of yourself
Ask them about their meeting with Italy about their open borders you warned them against and they got all pissed off.
No, we aren't.

Don't talk, just listen.
Keep praying 4 u and ur family.  Happy & Safe 4th to the President and his family>  Flyover country loves yall! 
You can't speak to a country. #25thAdmendmentNow
Try not to complete embarrass us. #NationalEmbarrassment
I never knew Countries alone could speak. But I also never knew you could become President. Go figure.
I'm not sure they will answer your call
And Merkel will hand you your ass on a platter. The EU thinks you are a JOKE. So does the rest of the world. Most useless president ever.
I'll be speaking to the 4th of July today. I'll put in a good word for you.
Anyone specific or just random dialing?
No one will be listening sick sad

I hear they think the 25th amendment will be good for the USA
They sure as hell don't want to talk to you

Good luck!  Those nuts are against common sense western values!
Merkel, not sure freind or foe big guy. She has failed her own nation for the Muslim Brotherhood displacement program as per 1945 FDR U.N.
They will be laughing at you the whole time
Yeh, and?

NO PLEASE NO MORE EMBARRASSMENT 
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendment
#
Why do u say you're speaking to countries? Can't remember the names or offices of their leaders?
Dude,u r the laughing stock. All the way to mars.
Thank you Mr President.
They don't really want to talk to you.
Good luck POTUS. Be strong, fair. WE stand with U.
You're speaking with the country? Or the leaders of those countries? You are aware that countries aren't corporations you can buy and sell?
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Fair warning.
Make sure not to act like a child and embarrass us again
