Really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like s...
After October 13, 2017 everyday will be a reflection of your presidency in the economy. Wait, Watch and Witness...
Actually no. Your job numbers are mediocre and don't match Obamas.
He has gained 60 lbs and golfed one day in four.
and Obama averaged 1 fund raiser ever 60 hours his first 4 years in office, plus vacations, plus golfing...look it up.
How do u have nething 2 do w/it? By osmosis through Obama's legislation? Ur such a fraud. U actually have 2 do something 2 create jobs.
Unless your a trans soldier, in which case your job security was just threatened.
Impeach Trump 2017
Yeah, b/c ur still working under OBAMA's budget. Don't take credit for it and let's see how good when it's YOUR budget.
ur approval rating is at 38.8% great #'s? spicer quit,ur attorney quit, & you want to know how to pardon yourself - yes it has begun to end
Cannot believe you. You've lied to many times to the American people!!!!
Thanks Barack Obama
Thanks #Obama
fake news!
Who planted bombs in twin towers ? Did they really get away  with it ? ?
How's all that losing?
Forecast of weak economic growth raises big questions about Trump’s populist agenda
Minimum wage can't get us nowhere but back n forth to work if u don't have a car.
You care more about the rich inside of the seniors that helped keep this country safe an out on limited income how dear you
Nothing to do with you.
Stop taking credit for things you had nothing to do with. They were already happening under Real President Obama, not under Fake President!
Thanks to Barrack Obama NOT YOU LOSER
Smoke and mirrors and taking credit for the work of Obama.
No, things kicked in years ago, under Obama. You just haven't had time to tank the economy yet. Hang in there, you'll get it done.
All these jobs were arranged in 2016 b4 Ur were Prez. U shldn't b thanking President Obama!
I don't think DJT realizes there was ANYTHING before he STOLE office.
Thank U president Obama!
U are going to gave out job because I need one VA is hard
Great job with Ford. They're not moving to Mexico, they're moving to China. Yeah comes up
I don't like aluminum and steel dumping either.
What not where i live no jobs you need to look around before you run your molth
Why don't you try hiring staff for the government? You (still) have no idea what you're doing. U don't want this job. #resign
Great work on Jobs. Seems like every lawyer in NY and D.C. Are employed now.
Those coal miners are still waiting for all the mines to reopen......
! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! You're such a child
Absolutely feed up with the republicans in both of the houses of Congress. What a bunch of good for nothing XXX!  Full of self interns!
Thank you for all you are doing and trying to do! Sad some can't see how much better things are than before. God bless you keep up good work
u r incredibly lucky in the brains Department! Please step down so our government can go on being a government!
That's funny the company my husband works for is getting ready to do it's second round of layoffs since you have become president...
Please do something to protect all jobs not just you cronies big industry jobs.  Btw co he works for is a N Carolina owned co
I reside in central cali and import of produce from do America is rediculous when we grow everything here.  $1'99 lb for everything now
@realDonaldTrump back when he was the SMART candidate: http://investmentwatchblog.com/trump-is-100-right-the-recovery-is-a-federal-reserve-fraud-and-it-will-all-come-crashing-down/ … Now he's #LiarInChief #BubblePumper JUST like his predecessor
It would be great if someone could blast you off to space.
PING-POW!
eye tell ya what eye don't like, eye don't like chem-trails dumping aluminum in our skies
Really great numbers on jobs & the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel & aluminum dumping!
Remind us what you did to increase the numbers???
#FAKEDONALDTRUMP #LOL #THANKSOBAMA
Ja ist so
I like the work of blacksmiths and aluminum, in addition we have a certificate of appreciation in the same field.thank you Mr trump.
Short Story...And maybe the Stock Market is overreacting.
Short Story...This is probably reflected erroneously in job/employment numbers. "Great numbers" is misleading, economy not good on 1 day $..
Short story: Know of a grocery chain that has cut it's longtime part-time employees to 1-2 days/week. Utilizing new hires at lower wages...
But so far, the economy’s basic trajectory remains the same as it did under President Barack Obama.
How is the Carrier AC company doing in Indiana?  It lost jobs and is relocating to MX. Nice job liar #IvankaTrump #FLOTUS #TrumpLies
You can thank Obama for that!
Billy Flynn your just another whining snowflake. Trump 2020.
President Obama's numbers.  Not yours.  Taking credit for numbers, is an act of thief.  Hey. That's what you do.  Right?
making America great again.  probably go down in history as the best president we ever had.
THANKS OBAMA!
Thanks Obama!!
http://www.adyou.me/V3xL 
You are a silly man
Congrats! You haven't totally destroyed obama's sound fiscal policy in the few months you've been in office.
"Things" started to "kick in" long before you became Prez.  You're just riding on Obama's wave. Where are YOUR jobs & infrastructure bills?
release your tax returns and put your assets in a true blind trust
Thank you @BarackObama!
Donnie does this mean you're going to stop Russia from shipping steel to New Jersey?
Actually wages have only increased 2% in spite of low unemployment. Low unemployment because Americans have to work two jobs.
#25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment
Super job Mr President, and once again great speech, nothing that powerful since Eisenhower, that I would understand Take Care, thank Putin
Why huh
you haven't created any new jobs.
I'm perfect maker in my century and I'm ready for hard tist I'm a mechnistic remade
Thsnks to the previous  President jobs
Bullshit! You love steel & aluminium dumping!
Mr President your doing a outstanding  job keep
Keep on rolling . And keep tweeting to much FAKE news
Thank you Presudent Obama for dragging economy out of the ditch.
When I think of dumping I think of u
Thumbs up Sir
Its not your politic that kicks in and you know it.  You are a bad man taking credit for what someone else have worked 8 years for, very bad
Showed big job increase on tv yesterday
FAKE NEWS
Get Congress to redo the tax code and reductions
Normal numbers,who are you kidding!
Still OBAMA'S ECONOMY!  STOP TAKING CREDIT! YOU ARE A FAILURE FOR AMERICA JUST STOP. ROY WAS WRONG AND YOU ARE A  PAWN NOW.
Potus elected when no one gave him a chance. 'We the People’ got it done-damn the torpedoes&full speed ahead,we have not yet begun to fight!
We don't like Old Person dumping and Poor People dumping.  #FIX_ACA
McDonalds is hiring. Radio Shack is #GONE #WhoopiDoo
July and thing are STARTING to kick in. So much for the first 100 days. Sad. Failure.
Thanks @POTUS44!!
Trump supporters still can't spell.  Education should be priority One!
Not as good as Obama!
Auf jjeden Fall ist seid ich mit Telepathie beschäftige und das seid gut 30 Jahren klar geworden wie ausbaufähig Telepathie ist...
Way to encourage violence.
The CNN obsession is weird.
Thanks, President Obama!
Wer denkt das wäre eine fixe Idee ,gut es mag sein,aber es ist eine Überlegung wert.Doch was wäre alles möglich Wenn doch!!!∆
Derrrrrppppp
Ist rein theoretisch es möglich das TELEPATHIE schneller ist als Lichtgeschwindigkeit? Selbst wenn es unter Lichtgeschwindigkeit ist...Anjo
Almost 15 million jobs were created by @barackobama. Big successful shoes 2 fill by tiny little hands and even smaller mind
I work just again and i hope(the firm)can help me here  in Hamburg
Together we get all problems from A-Z...just in time believe me(US)
Keep up the GREAT WORK Mr. President!! #MAGA  @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #JOBSJOBSJOBS
Actually, it was better when Obama was POTUS
Can you point out the facts? #TheRealAnonymousIsBack
You used cheap steel in your own buildings undermining America Steel industry !! Liar WONALD DTRUMPO !!
Please stop. Just stop.
It's been going up for 81months I suppose Trump will take credit for that.
After cleaning up Oduma's' mess and giving away billions to Iran and a few idiots that think it was oduma's work are living in a fantasy.
We don't like you dumping our Healthcare
Delusional
Talk about FAKE NEWS
Share your source. Be sure they me the rigors of reliability and accuracy.
Try posting a source instead of just making a claim. Who knows, you might win supporters. #fakeclaims

"94 millions not in labor force" - @DRUDGE report


Yap doing pretty good, glad Obama's Policies worked, Thanks Obama... Hopefully your Policies Trump will do the same, but I doubt it.....
I'VE SEEN JOBS LEAVING... MORE THAN HAS BEEN CREATED. YOU SURE LIKE CHINESE DUMPED STEEL FOR YOU'RE BUILDINGS THOUGH DON'T YOU??? LOVELY JOB
You're a horrible person. Disparaging us for your own shallow little ego's benefit in a foreign visit is the worst.
Actually, this is month 81 in a continuously growing jobs and economy improvement. You didn't cause it.
And when Obama was in office you called these reports phony. So I guess you are going to take credit now?  Fake president
there u go lying again. Do u think anyone believes that?  NOT!
New jobs in June brings 2017 monthly average near 2016 monthly average. So far zero
Trump Bump despite your braggadociousness. #MAGA
stop taking credit for what Obama has created this is all part of his work not yours.
FAKE JOBS NUMBERS!!! Remember? Your words...fake then, fake now.
So tell us what economic policy's have you written and pasted that has contributed to your claims?
What are your policies that back these claims up of yours? I believe Obamas policies are still in charge and not yours.
Oh yeah, you sounds like CNN news caster
What jobs we are lossing job were I live
Liar. Resign.
Where are the tax returns?
? Unemployment is headed back up?
Thank you President Obama, donald has done nothing to contribute to America or her people.  SAD
You haven't done much. All we see is a continuation of the Obama growth curve. No credit to you for what you didn't do.
I am so proud to call you President.Lord bless you and your beautiful family."GOD BLESSED AMERICA"
You haven't passed any legislation regarding the economy or jobs so please do not try to take credit for that!!
THANKS OBAMA!
For nothing !!!
For today's economy! #FactsMatter
There are no, jobs, jobs, jobs.  All lies, lies, lies. Sad, sad, sad.
Hola aaaaa. Que tal bello
Thank you for your service Mr. President.
awesome!!!!
thank you Obama! @BarackObama
God Bless all.
You called the Bureau of Labor Statistics numbers phony last year when they reporting Obama's figures, now you think they're legit?
Pls explain why these numbers are no longer "phony?" B/c u are in office? Or b/c U don't understand facts? Or numbers? Or anything? @nytimes
Because they are real jobs, not seasonal baloney low paying Christmas jobs that obama gifted the nation.
You sure these numbers are not fake? Phony? As you claimed a hundred times only like a few months ago?
Guess where most of those jobs came? Health care workers. Guess what happens to those jobs when millions of Americans lose coverage?
Oh, and here are the new numbers....oooo....What was that you were saying?
Still can't beat Obama's numbers and likeability by the majority of voters. HE WON THE POPULAR VOTE! YOU DIDN'T! SAD!!!

tell that to Carrier workers
And here's the MSM covering the jobs report: http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/07/07/535940922/xxx-jobs-added-to-u-s-payrolls-in-june-unemployment …. So don't say it's not covered
You better get your caretakers to read you some real news. Fox Fake News is not giving you correct numbers. Again, you know nothing!
Poor growth. Auto industry weak. Trumpcare dead. No wins. SAD!!!
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/statuses/881979394373406720 … you have passed 0 laws to help the economy. What are you talking about? #MAGA
Really great numbers on jobs & the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel & aluminum dumping!
http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/06/hopes-of-trump-bump-for-u-s-economy-shrink-as-growth-forecasts-fade.html …
Give Putin hell Donald
Thank you Pres. Obama! Yet another accomplishment for his administration. When your fiscal year begins 45 we will see who you take care of!
Still supporting #bigPharma tho? Or they supporting you? No more news on the treasury? Hollywood president #FickleAF
Job numbers down from a year ago under Obama! You are delusional!
