Our military has been depleted over the last 8 years.  #America needs to be strong in order to defend itself.  Safety first.  No bail out
Whatever do you think world leaders and their citizens are thinking about your ridiculous tweets?
You are an utter embarrassment to the USA.
Can I possibly be the only person who sees you as getting increasingly desperate?
And, as you well know, you have every reason lately to feel your world may be crumbling around you. You know, the Russia stuff and all that.
You are never, EVER going to be able to distract, deflect, or obfuscate enough to make it go away, even if your ego tells you otherwise.
I don't think I've heard you shouting "FAKE NEWS!" lately, or am I missing something?
Seems the news about you is not so fake after all.
So sweat on, Donnie, sweat on. Sweat until that FAKE TAN runs all down your face. So BIGLY orange.
You disgust me.
P.S. If you'd be so kind, please send my regards to Jim Comey.
Or giving 400K to hear winded speech by EX PREZ BHusseinO? ( Did #CanterFitzgerald forget about 9/11 Islamic Jihadists& connect the 'dots?'
I want to know why nobody’s taking about New York Attorney General eric schneiderman.  Democrat that beats women during sex BEATS women. Oh let’s focus on Trump though.
building a bigger military..and also believe reinstating the draft.eould stpp.alot of the trouble at colleges and in the streets.
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats....
What is morphing toward your ballooning companies? Ask charities.
We already have the strongest military... dummy.... we need relief from insurance companies greed
We spend more on defense than the next seven countries combined
That's called NATO. And Trump just told them they will start spending their money from now on. Your full of half stories just like all dems
Rebuilding our military but Left is only interested in their underground overthrow agenda!Wake up America
Fuck trump
Considering we already spend more on our military than the next 7 highest spenders combined, I think we can fund public services and the ACA
http://goo.gl/4nNna5  #TRUMPFORPRISON #RESIST 
You can't put a crown on a clown and expect a king #Russia 's #trump #Resistance
What a choke
Here I made a poll. What is more important?
Would you still support Trump if he shot someone on 5th Avenue?
Especially if it's a muslim
Retweeting your own tweets?  You probably like to huff your own farts too.
We spend more money on our military than practically every other country combined. We respect them, but our health needs more attention atm…
& let's ask your followers just in case. What should we spend more of our money on?
We're literally spending far more on our military now than we did during the Cold War. YOU are the one who needs to put America first.
What always amazes me is why Republicans want to spend so much on wars to "keep us safe" yet they neglect the health of us here at home…
You yourself said our military far exceeds any other nation's. Spend that money on education and healthcare!
"What we have in terms of [military] tech, nobody can even come close to competing" - Trump, who wants $54B DOD bump
I really don't even understand how this is a debate… goes to show how effective war-mongering & government propaganda are.
Ever heard of a false dichotomy? Ask President Bannon to explain it to you…
It's crazy to think that some people read your tweets & think: "wow, that's genius!"

We need better education in this country…
How about rebuilding our infrastructure here?  Or better yet, fixing the water that's poison the people of Flint MI...
took a hurricane to deny US citizens in #PuertoRico drinking water - plain old racism and greed did it in Flint :( #WorstPresidentEver
Buffoon!
We not "the democrats", or the republicans, or the liberals, or conservative #WEARETHEPEOPLE  OF #THEUNITEDSTATESOFAMERICA
@realDonaldTrump it depends on whether you think "America first" means "build empire" or "putting American lives first." #makeamericahealthy
Insurance! 
Death rate IN America from preventable deaths are 900,000 a year.
Islamic terrorist still averages 2 a year.
When was our military dismantled?  You act like you are playing with toys.
Tell the Truth
The military needs to stay stong we have serious threats in the world China an Russia are upgrading everyday an we need to do the same
RE-building our military? You mean soup it up even more? Our people need health care you putz! Get to work Crooked Donald!
Mr. President. You are asking the wrong question. You know better. Can't compare the two. We need both!
Why do our tax dollars have to go to one of these two items. False dichotomies are the tools of a manipulator. #beingpresidentishard
This is how I get toddlers and preschoolers to do what I want while giving them the sense that they have a  choice.
Rebuilding our military.  Why do the democrats still have so much power?  We can't have them blocking everything you do. Find away around
I'm going to go with insurance companies on this one. Thanks for asking.
Well America Has Told You Healthcare is more important.  And that's who you should be listening to.
again jumbo jumbo. seen a shrink lately?
Moronic tweet! GOP is in control! Our heads dont screw off. We know you just spew crap!
Being president is harder than being a pampered millionaire, isn't it ?
Duuhhh - you have the majority in house and senate - only @GOP can shut down govt
donni, you're sad.....
Neither.  Let's not do either.  Let's lock you up.  And then pence. #russia
Our military is well-funding. Please use the money to build up our education, housing, science/medicine, etc.- all of which are failing
Our military is pretty damn built. And fuck insurance companies, you're serving them too. Diplomacy and single payer.
What's more important is getting you impeached or have you behind bars.
Every time you tweet, you show your stupidness. STOP TWEETING
What's more important? You doing your job or crying on twitter like a man-child who doesn't get his way? Asking a @potus.
if the military has to be 'rebuilt' with the kind of money they spend - A real business man would look at restructuring it
Our military is just fine.  The ACA is good according to the Congressional Budget Office.  Stop trying to ruin a good thing.
Impeaching you
You should know, your republican congress took millions from insurance lobbyist and still do, try again liar as you continue to fleece USA
Our military is BIGGER then the next 7 countries combined! It needs no rebuilding! Stop  with the fear!!!
You made that clear after your failed attempt to bail out insurance companies, from whatever mess that was you were trying to pass
Democrats wouldn't work with u 2 repeal & replace Ocare knowing it is failing, & now they demand that we bail out Ocare in PR, their failure
Well we have a strong military already best in the world. So how about you worry about the health of the people.
what? --- neither one of those is 'important' - we need a president who's honorable and compassionate...
Truth & trust are important. Release your taxes. Stop self serving, picket lining activities. You can't take $ to tge grave, just honor.
and now what we need is a "good government shutdown." plz make up ur mind.
OUR MILITARY IS BUILT FFS
Neither.
you have the majority-this whining shit is getting old!
We should spend money on education, health insurance, & infrastructure!
Military!
LIAR!
You are unbelievable... in every single way.
Insurance Corporations, helped themselves by aiding Congress to write laws which are profitable.
Sir, we really, really need peace. Let's fix up the military and our fatherland at the very same time.
Since Republicans control Congress, maybe you should ask them....
The Worst Mistake of Trump’s First 100 Days http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/04/26/the-worst-mistake-of-trumps-first-100-days/?utm_content=buffer42604&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer … @ForeignPolicy
We spend more than enough on military. Dems want insurance companies out of healthcare. Its republicans that serve the insurance industry.
we have the greatest best funded military in the world
one of the worst health care systems
Where do you think the money should go
Replacing you.
This is deflection at it's finest! Your "followers" are dumb enough to fall for it. #stoptalking
Spoken by a Republican? Your party has been notorious for banking and Wall Street bailouts.
@realDonaldTrump
Thought you were pro business?  The economy grew only .7 in your first 100 days lowest in 2 years. Guess growth isn't paying tax cut
that is not a Democratic issue...FAKER
LIER!!!
You can delete your tweet and repost with correct spelling
Thanks. LIAR!!
Healthcare is not a luxury item. It is a necessity of daily life, a human right. You're the one who's trying to help the insurance industry.
A strong defense is essential to the overall safety of all Americans.#maga
What's more important Donnie, rebuilding your military or saving the whole planet from the catastrophic devastation from global warming???
Rebuilding? We have the largest military of any country in the world. There is no rebuilding needed. Rebuild our infrastructure instead.
We don't need to spend more on military. Just change the way you spend it. And QUIT BOMBING with no results. Waste of money.
Rebuilding our military. Once the new heath plan is in place the insurance companies will be fine. We can't wait to rebuild our military
getting u out
How about we focus on rebuilding our country instead.
It was a Republican President who reduced size of our military and closed many many bases, so get your story straight.
Rebuilding our military!
You mean downsizing it then?
You do know a nuclear war with N Korea will kill your customers & destroy your golf courses, right? (As well as most of the American people)
the most important is to see you Go Away !
Who's bailing out insurance companies? You really need someone to explain this issue to you, @realDonaldTrump, worst Prez ever.
Don, we need 2 talk.
Like insurance companies need to be bailed out their profits are in the BILLIONS EVERY YEAR
I've yet to see a bail out program for regular old Americans like me. And I don't mean bankruptcy I'm talking billions in cash ? Anyone?
"War is a racket.  People don't want war.  Only politicans, corporations, and bankers do."

USMC general Smedley Butler, 1933
neither are important to the people fuck the military operations and the death panel insurance companies all bring death.
Getting you out of office...The most important thing is getting you out of office!
Idiot!
Neither. Education, the environment & sustainable energy policies.
Rebuilding, are you fucking serious? Do you know how much we already spend on bloated military
Americans need their health insurance - it is a people issue not a political issue. When will you understand this??
Your health care plan and tax breaks do more for insurance companies than they do for citizens, hypocrisy again from you and your admin.
Not getting nuked is pretty high on my-whats-more-important list.
Certainly not bailing out Insurance Companies.  They rape us the way it is The government bailed out GM and you can see what happened ther
Or...ballooning the deficit. Ask the Republicans! Ha.
How about the most important thing that needs done is for you to leave office and move to Russia.
Neither. Getting rid of you
You really have no idea how health insurance works!
Military
Congress should only vote for healthcare they themselves would be on.
Military
Our military doesn't need to be rebuilt. Stop attacking our military, stop threatening to put our men & women in middle of WWIII, jackass
Why not make Insurance Companies part of the Military?
No i will ask you our republican president. Who does it benefit to not cover pre existing conditions? Only insurance cos! Thats your plan.
Your comments have consequences.  YOU are greatest threat to our national security.
Get your fat ass to work loser
A trumpee made this. #TimeToDumpTheTrumpTrash
Whats more important is to know the spiritual TRUTH now more than ever.
Our military doesn't need rebuilding. Especially not if you just plan to start an uneeded war with North Korea.
Fine, build what is already the world's largest military larger - and leave everyone without insurance. Won't we be a Great Country then!!
The @spurs
What's to rebuild??? How is our military not already big enough??
AND better healthcare for our veterans
Health Care - you fool!
Yes, rebuilding a military that honors oath who protects us.
No same lying military who allow gov't enemies within thrive.
Whose life is more important--yours or mine?
What's more important Honoring the Office you stole or Tweeting out right lies?
Getting you out of office is pretty high in priorities now that you ask.
Exactly!! Prbbly, for them is to buy jewellery for Hillary from the Estate treasures!! 
Neither the most important thing true Americans need to do is Impeach and indict your whole admin and family!! ENJOY PRISON TRAITOR !!
Still waiting for a redistribution of some cent by obama-clinton and by all soviet bilionaires
our military is already the strongest in the world and gets everything they ask for.
No need to ask,  just do it.  You don't need there forgiveness.  Thanks why we voted for you, make your best decision for us.
Rebuild for sure!!!
Depends; we can have a 'military' but no war; in this day and age we can't go without insurance
What's more important. Tweeting or running the country? Ask you.
How about spending it on healthcare?I know you'd rather give to the rich.. That's quite evident since morons voted you in..
What is more important? Golfing each weekend costing taxpayers millions or doing your job? Ask the President!
US military does not need rebuilding. It's already the most highly funded in the world. Pay your debts down.
Who is whispering this nonsense in ur ear? Y dont u educate yourself instead of listening to whoever is gunning 4 ur job
AHCA is a joke What happened to better, cheaper promise.  Fixing ACA will give that Stop listening to Congress & follow your gut
不懂帮顶
Your the boss. HAHAHAHAHA
When you have too many hammers.... benign things start looking like nails.
What's more important?  Locking you up.  Trump for Prison 2017.  The world will be much safer with this orange turd behind bars.
Maybe if you STOP TWEETING and LISTENED to what the MAJORITY of America wants you would get more accomplished than you'd be liked more!!!
Insurance companies are owned and operated by REPUBLICANS, largely. What's more important is NOT TAKING AWAY PEOPLE'S HEALTH INSURANCE!
Rebuilding our military!
Why should we ask the Democrats?  Do they control the House , or the Senate, or the White House.

Lies
Do YOU have any answers? Apparently not. You are unqualified to be POTUS. News Flash:  YOU'RE FIRED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
'rebuild' our military?  our military is already bloated.  how many fucking bombs do you need??
Military, always the military
#healthcare
Don't disparage our military. They already are great.
#military
Everything needs continued improvement like our armed forces. DONT INSULT THEM BY SAYING THEY NEED REBUILDING! Political shallowness POTUS
Our military is the strongest on earth. Bail out insurance companies? No. Bail out the economy? Yes. You are clueless sir, embarrassing
military insures US safety, insurance is a rip off, they take our $ & don't cover all, better 2 put $ in medical savings accounts
tRump= expert blamer! The unqualified president who cannot be held accountable for anything- even a complete sentence.
Are you kidding. Who controls the House, the Senate and the executive branch? (hint: lackeys, cowards and an ignoramous).
Finding the brand of toupee glue you use as mine keeps on blowing off in the wind. 
Why do we need the largest military complex in the world?
Insurance, obviously. Fool.
Health care.
What a mess. Who started this shit?
In what world you live? we have the biggest military force in te world, is sad that people are more informed than you.
Good work President TRump
If so upset about insurance companies, support Medicare for All.  Eliminate insurance companies.  Military already too big.
what's more important? Deflecting #TrumpRussia by trying to incite a war or the lives of our servicemen and women?
