Yet, no one in the Obama Administration lied under oath about it.
Where do you get this information because you're already behind on this one, FAKE NEWS
but nobody lied about him being there
Are you freaking out because you feel everything caving in? #ImpeachTrump
go after them.
so what stop whinning
I would very much expect an ambassador to meet the President now and then. It's lying about meeting him that's suspicious.
hang in there President Trump.. Your Trump Train is behind you all the way! These bitches are just CryBabies
yeah but he didn't lie about it idiot!
Never mind the silly Snowflakes. We know how crooked and ridiculous they are anyway. 
We love you President Trump!! 
amb always visit the White House, & SIGN IN. It's why the sign in is public. Sessions lied and said he never met with them.
Get Trey Gowdy to head up a special task force to put an end to this witch hunt to discredit the republicans .
honey, you're going down to Crazy Town. 
When you LIE it's a Big problem. 
#ResignNow!
#IndependentInvestigation
#Traitor
If you want to set the record straight on your ties to #Russia, #ReleaseYourTaxes!
#ComradeTrump 
#TrumpisaCRIMINAL
#InvestigateTrump
The issue is that Sessions LIED about it during a hearing. How did you manage to get through school? #resignnow
Didn't you see @realDonaldTrump the tweet
he's "like" really smart
Yeah I saw that, I also responded to that tweet as well. Letting him know that using "like" in that manner pretty much proves he's not intelligent. But yes, he's like a totally smart dude. ;-)
I guess you need a lesson in politics.  Ambassador's typically do visit heads of state.  It is on record and transparent.
Thank You Mr. President!!! A.J.
That’s officially you muppet.
nope
you reported me???
fair point. But what was discussed is the question?
as Ambassador they are suppose to meet w/WH. Difference Sessions lied about meeting & occurred during election.
That's what a real president is supposed to do!  Not hide the fact that his aides conspired and kept it secret!
Ambassadors do that! It's their job. Except when spying. Then they meet with people working on your campaign. Understand?
did they lie about like you did?
Related to being the Ambassador, in full view of all the press. There is a difference.
people do not pay attention to him because he's just creating a fresh news cycle to be consumed next week..that means
an ambassador visiting the White House? OMFG!!!
,, all planed out ,, gettem sir ,,,,
but not in secret and not lied about. Give it up Orangeman
every time you act like a guilty child there's a collective cringe; you are so WRONG. Please give up and go home. #resist
BUT they didn't LIE about it like your boy Sessions did. Do you & your followers NOT understand the difference? Idiot much?
sessions didn't lie at all he answered the question well.
um, as PRESIDENT
who lied?  Also, somebody please cancel @realDonaldTrump DIRECTV
YES! And the Obama White House LIED about it all the time! Unlike Sessions, who was totally forthcoming!
The poor ambassador probably had to use a BACK DOOR to get in! Otherwise he would be seen!
TERRIBLE! Back doors are what those funny people use, those who we were promising to SUPPORT! (Though treatment is better.)
Our SESSIONS on the other hand NEVER LIED about his meetings with any Russians, not even White Russians or Moscow Mules!
Face it, honey, #UGotConned
FAKE NEWS!
Yes he did the American people have know that. It was in the news wwwaaayy back. It was as not behind closed doors nor was it lied about.
Face it Rosenstein and Mueller and Comey - got you and either used Sessions or he was involved in the conspiriacy - or he is stupid take your pick
All a matter of public record?
Never in the Oval Office and Obama's administration should have been meeting with Russia. You & you're ppl should not have been. Is it your stupidity or lying nature that keeps you from understanding this?
Despite early denials, growing list of Trump camp contacts with Russians haunts White House
no one cares. Except the #fakenews media of course.
only people who haven't researched what Putin is about aren't concerned- don't let euphoria of winning cloud your judgement
rightttt. Only people who aren't concerned about the CIA haven't done their research. They've been involved in influencing....
So because US does it too you are okay with a guy like Putin manipulating our country?
you seen to be overly concerned with "Putin" and not at all concerned with CIA attempting to overthrow our elected president.
I'm much more concerned about a guy like Putin than anything US can do, absolutely
well that's why you're a Nazi. Beginning of the third Reich is where you're headed.
May be agent...?
Yes, on the public record, and no one lied about it.

You can just feel the hammer about to drop, can’t you?
And he was unafraid to have anyone know that, because he wasn't doing anything wrong. Your visitor logs, on the other hand, are secret. Why is that?
Interesting, you were in the WH from Jan 20th. Can’t get your years straight. I guess that comes from always lying
But Obama didn't shut out the American press and only allow in Russian press while showing Russia USA intelligence information.
But nobody in the Obama administration ever lied about those meetings taking place, did they? Nor was anyone in the Obama White House ever investigated for conspiring with a hostile foreign government to rig a US presidential election.
Exactly. Openly, without lying about it. #YourMistakeOwnIt #TreasonHasConsequences #Resign
The Russian Spy met with GMO bama so he could be more informed about communism, the "art of deception" and how to draw flies-Zippered kind-because GMO Bama was said to be accomplished in these fields.
Hypocrite, you met with them before to be president and received money to betray USA. You lied about that and about your high debts. Liar!!
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last ye...
Urine trouble PEE PEW BOY
Please end the Witch Hunt! Fire Mueller & Do Nothing Sessions! This has been an act of Sedition from Hillary, Dems & cohorts in FBI!
It's not "just out". Obama's WH logs are public. you keep yours SECRET so we heard about your meetings from RT. also he didn't give Russian ambassadors classified intel from an ally who didn't ok you to give that intel to Russian ambassadors.
President Trump, begin charges against hillary and obama and I guarantee dems will stop thier crap.
If he could he would... but has no evidence of wrongdoing. This is all propaganda by Trump to try and sway the public to turn against Mueller
Except they didn't lie about it happening under oath. Stop this. You're being immature.
thanx for the comedy show that is your life
You don't seem to understand context. Ambassadors visit the White House. They don't have covert meetings with campaigns.
unless your Obama.
Em, Just out: Obama never lied about meeting him.
so why isn't this in the news
So
That's what they do, they talk to the president. Moron
But the White House did not lie about it! Sessions did!!
So what, they didn't try to get Obama  elected and Obama wasn't Putin's puppet, puppy dog.
. The point isn't that the ambassador met you and Jeff.  It was WHEN he met with you.  DURING THE ELECTION.
So what? He's the Russian Ambassador. It would be odd if he wasn't seen at the White House.
your recklessness and incompetence is creating a mess in the country built by competent and creative people.
Unlike you, Sessions, Obama didn't lie about it, didn't HIDE IT.   You and Sessions are nefarious, racist, dangerous thugs.
there are lots of liars in this world. Look in the mirror....
yeah...ummm...but Obama didn't lie about it, under oath.
Obama is no longer in charge. YOU ARE!
Listen closely. Obama - POTUS. Sessions - advisor to the candidate that the Russian's wanted as their puppet. Different!
The WH is contaminated.  You need an Exterminator.  Clean Our Hluse@
At least you did not run on the democrat tkt.
but they didn't lie about it, you only lie when you have something to hide.
Jeff Session sounds like a fake name. We have fake names, now? Fake news. Fake names. Fake friends.
@bwe_101 and set up sessions. Appoint someone under sessions fast!
Diplomatic business and on the record. Very different from your sneaking around BEFORE any official capacity.
Cool story. Reminds of I when I saw, like, 20 police cars in - get this - the police station parking lot!
#myfirstTweet
That's right President Trump "Call them out"!! Truth be told !!
THEY MEET WITH THE PRESIDENT. They don't make deals with Russia before they ARE the president.
DUH! that's part of a POTUS's job... didn't U ever attend a gov't or civics class?
double standards
yes and no one lied about it
You don't understand the underlying issue. That's why you are being caught red handed. #LOCKHIMUP #resist #Impeach45
tired of the obama smokescreens!
I'm interested to see how his moron followers will be outraged at a president actually doing his job. #madeupcontroversy #suckers
But Obama was an elected official talking with another political official.  HE did it DURING YOUR CAMPAIGN
@realDonaldTrump An Ambassador's Official Job is to meet with the Leader of the Country which they are assigned & represent their Leader!
Obama wasn't running for president. He could meet with anyone!
@DonaldJTrumpJr what do you call Kushner going in and out the back door of Trump Tower with Russian Ambassador? SUSPICIOUS
don't think obama lied about it under oath though.
Unless I'm mistaken but Obama was the President at the time. Unlike you and your people who weren't in Government then.
Investigate Obama!! Under his admin: US Uranium sold to Russia, wire taps, Billions to Iran, guns/arms to Saudi!
#MAG
and YOU chose him for your cabinet? Stop deflecting agent orange!

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
if you know the exact number of visits it's bc it is DOCUMENTED. Not denied, twisted, or lied about.
Hope he was wire tapped
Just another snowflake whinning. Give him a pacifier already!

And none of them lied about it before Congress!
the fact still remains sessions lied on oath. He lied to a bunch of senators, isnt that the same as lying to the V.P.?
22 times that we know of!
The distinction? Visits were on record, and Russian Ambassador came in the FRONT door. Is this idiot for real?
Well Donny he was President at the time!  Kinda his job, no?  #stfudonny #pathetic #youresodumb #narcissist #ooompaloompa
Ha Ha Ha Ha!!!!! Your so petty
Not clandestine meetings, then lying to Congress about them.
All in open not like you & yours meetings & then deny!
prove it!
@WonderWoman934  Yo trump you are a " Pendejo " ask 1 of u'r MEXICAN works what it means !!!
And your point is? With your hand in the cookie jar; you can't insinuate that someone else is as guilty as you are. SAD
yes, but the Obama White House never lied about the visit
YEAH, ON BUSINESS. DIDN'T THEY SHOW YOU HOW TO RUN THE SHIP OF STATE OR ARE YOU JUST MAKING SHIT UP????????????????????????
This is not just out. It is publicly available information. You are going to jail.
but nobody lies about it
grow up. You behave like a schoolyard bully. Have some dignity, act like POTUS not a spoilt brat #noclass
he was the sitting President stupid
@pjbowles too bad you had him recuse himself before knowing all the facts...
Fake media doesn't want to report the 22 visits to the WH by Russian Ambassador.
They did Dimwitted twit!
Sir, stop with the Russia crap-you and rest of the govmt is doing exactly what the Russians want and this is disruption!!!
More FAKE NEWS.   How stupid do you think we are, Orangeboy?
Crisis also in Syria involving Russia.
Yes, because it was Government business. It was allowed. Meeting Sessions during campaign. WAS NOT! smh you don't get it.
that's because that's where the President lives and the White House keeps an official guest book. Did you go look in it?
That's called diplomacy. It's his job. Meeting with a rep from a candidate; not his job.
please just do your motherf$@king job thx 
yeah, an ambassodor visiting is perfectly reasonable. Jeff Sessions lied under oath
the issue is the cover up! @jeffsessions lied before congress about meeting. The lie then raises the specter of misdoings.
Isn't that what Ambassadors do?
Sessions lied under oath...it has nothing to do with Obama HW! The FBI are the only ones that can wiretap!
On official business. Sessions et al met for what reasons? And then lied about it? Special counsel needed! @upstateresist
That makes sense since he was visiting THE PRESIDENT.
who lied about it? See the difference? Ass clown, LOOOOSER
quit crying, try being presidential
Fire all the mole Obamaites in federal govt. 
Drain the swamp - the water is scummey!
Mr Pres they will try anything. Stay strong and carry on with your great work.
*who met Jeff Sessions...
SO WHAT. COMRADE DRUMPF.  HE DIDN'T LIE ABOUT IT.
please stop lying
I think you've missed the point ....
Sunday night,...the crickets are loud.
no one ever lied about it. Big difference.
, Mr. Prez,  can u cut welfare for refugees,  thier claiming 4 wives,driving around in a 60k car that r taxes pay for and -
- fake tweet alert
So why did Jeff Sessions blatantly lie under oath?
and??? so you did Jeff Sessions lie??
truth---Russia has you black-mailed as well as knowing all they have to do is play to your big ego
Not the point! The point is that Sessions lied under oath!
no surprise there.  Now if mainstream shit would actually report it...
almost like it's annual . Idiot.
believe me!
is there more than one Russian Ambassador ?
Bet they didn't lie about it.
@ScottiKay  stop waiting our tax dollars spreading lies. The only people fooled now on your #trumpcult followers.
except.. a seated President can and does talk to ambassadors of many nations. Sessions was making deals before he was in..
Isn't that part of the job of an ambassador, to directly communicate with heads of states in countries they are assigned?
