Hopefully not like the relationships with all your woman acquaintances. No one quite sticks with you long now do they. All the Great endorsements you gave so many, now they’re all gone. You have to give respect to be respected Donald Trump, and you just do not fit that bill.

Rights group says Egyptian president has given a "green light" to systematic torture inside detention facilities. http://apne.ws/ki5xlYo 
You and previous administrations create dictators and brag about human right bullshite! You're all the same! Same shit different smell!
The best that money can buy, right? And he'll still laugh at you behind your back.
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful...
Sounds exciting.
American, held for 2 years in an Egyptian prison. Tortured, beaten, burned with cigarettes. Crime: joined a protest of al-Sisi's coup.
OMG.  All the countries see you.
You like those guys who remind you of Putin, don't you? Al-Sisi is just another strongman tyrant.
It would be SO nice if you would go off and have a long and wonderful relationship with him, and leave us out of it.
If Russia won't let you immigrate once you're impeached, maybe Egypt will! How fun would that be?
You could do all the things you do here in Egypt: watch cable TV; get hair implants; play golf; assault women; tweet insane conspiracies.
You'd have fun! And you'd be gone! And we'd be happy again! The way we were before you rigged the election! Go for it, Donald!
What stupid thing you gonna do to embarrass real Americans when you meet? Yank on him as a macho pig move or refuse to shake hands?
Tell us the story of Prince and the secret meeting, the 250,000 donation and his sister Betsy being put as education secretary. Answer
I hope President al-Sisi disinfected his hands after you touched him, Liar-in-Chief.
Don't forget to DVR Fox.
You should get along great! He doesn't like free speech either!!
Prez Trump is all for freedom of speech. It is the left that is shutting down free speech. 
#SusanRice #LockHerUp
You are all so brainwashed. Freedom of speech? That’s why he shuns reporters and says the only ones that report truth is his radio stations because he tell them what to say. He’s a dictator and your his blind followers. Yeah he’s different alright, sex and lies in the WH.
President Trump prefers to take his message directly to the people & not the dishonest #FakeNews media
Only sheep are listening to MSM news. 
Try to keep up. #FreeThinkers #Yeezy
@realDonaldTrump
So tell me what makes you think everything he says is true? Look, I don’t have the time or the patience to back and forth with you and I try not to be nasty. But I will list a few. Mexico WILL pay for that wall, believe me! Looks like if it happens we will. Next
Better introduce him to Pence, your replacement!
have fun socializing with a dictator!
It would be great if you felt the same way about another great ally, Chancellor Merkel of Germany!
There is something seriously wrong in your head.

Socialism has never existed so it has killed no one. It is CAPITALISM under both right and left wing control that has done ALL the killing.
Wrong!
You certainly are.

Same old shite which fails to comprehend that state-run capitalism is not socialism. Educate yourself.
Socialism = govt managed economy. It is the difference btwn free market and govt managed. Amazon, Google, apple, etc would be run by govt.
Try not to embarrass our nation. U can embarrass urself, u do that at an hourly rate, but leave the nation and Americans out of it!
Where's the social security raise?
Hope you know your predecessor would not host him at the White House because of his brutal regime. Maybe stay off twitter and learn things?
Take your own advice
How many hotels you gonna build there?

You're a see through piece of shit.
It won't be long.
just like with Putin
I can't wait to you crybabies have nothing more to say about Russia. Then what will you complain about?
I suppose you will shake hands since this president is a man. Why are you so afraid of women????
I am proud of you Mr.President! Thank you for all that you do, and thank you for meeting with world leaders to enhance relationships!
We are looking forward to the next insult you give to the next head of state. #BIGNEWS
Please don't embarrass the US of A.
AMERIPHOBES = Leftists afraid of making America Great Again
Its time for you and Putin put an end to this terror
remember to shake his hand and please don't start talking about how you want a pyramid with your name on it.
Trump: can I show you a mockup I made?

President al-Sisi: I'd rather you didn't.

Trump: ok here's he mockup
#StopMoaning #MAGA 

Respect The office we had to go over eases for you
What does Clinton have to do with this?
Taking him golfing 2?
Stupid.. it's el-sisi
What the MSM media won't tell you about Flynn and Russia

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rtxVRfhZBxc&feature=youtu.be&a= …
生理きた
There is a tragedy in Russia
When Lex Luther became president he gave up his business due to conflict of interest  which makes him a more moral leader then Trump.
Awsome.
you guys can swap stories on "fake news"
Please don't embarrass us
Another dictator, you seem to have a type, twitler! He can visit you in prison too! #Trumprussia #Notmypresident #Russiagate
Isn't sisi just ISIS backwards?
don't fuck it up! They're one of the last countries that'll fuq wit us!!
well who else's behalf could you possibly go for? YOU DONT REPRESENT ME. I DONT WANT A WAR. WE JUST ENDED A FEW WARS. STOP
Donald - whoever writes these unusually reasonable tweets on your behalf. Couldn't you give them your social media gig full time?
Sisi took power in a coup and then massacred 1,000 demonstrators in Cairo's streets. Your kinda guy!
tell that to 30m + Egyptians who revolted & the thousands that were massacred by muslim brotherhood u ignorant
Please don't humiliate us...PLEASE!
Obama has done enough of that. #SusanRice #unmasking #mondaymotivation https://twitter.com/cernovich/status/848702217406251008 …
Let her foot the bill, cost of being a good mom no? I don't see an issue if it's private personal money, no big deal, problem solved 
Other children of past presidency's have changed schools mid year, they survived it and did well. I'm sure he would too
If they want to stay there why can't Trump pay for it? Why foot the country with the bill when we can't afford the same convenience?
I respect your thoughts, but, other children have had to move when dad won the presidency, they all survived it.
Your sociopathic narcissism is a liability America can't afford #Russia 's #Trump #usa #Resistance
Dear trump hater, you won too, it just hasn't hit you yet
When the bright light flashes in the horizon everyone will have no choice but to realize the magnitude of this travesty of a presidency.
Lol seriously, trump haters are the WORST
You mean everyone in the world except for a handful of very blind people?
The handful including France, Britain, Israel, Hungary. #FakeMedia #MAGA
Donnie having a total meltdown. And it's only Monday.
You & your Trump Derangement Syndrome sufferers are the ones melting down. I think psychiatric term is transference. Obamacare may help
Please don't embarrass our country again as you have with practically every other foreign leader…
Maybe we could ship you off to Egypt on a one-way flight? Would you pitch in for this?
It's absolutely frightening that a man-child like you who has daily temper tantrums and Twitter rants about Hillary represents America.
You'll shake his hand because he's a guy, right? It's only the girls you're afraid of?
Also just a heads up, the election is over. If you keep talking about Hillary, we're going to start thinking you have dementia.
Apparently, you think hand shaking is "barbaric" but grabbing women by the u know what isn't—you're a confusing man
What deal do you have with Twitter that promotes only your negative remarks?
There's no deal with Twitter lol… most people in America just hate Trump as the polls show—not sure what's so hard to understand abt that…
Notice the placement of “long”; it came first before wonderful. It also refers to Sisi, and not Egypt. 
He may be a SOB, but he's our SOB.
I don't think the guy is that smart dear :))
I believe the idiocy is all an act, just like G.W Bush when you watch his early interviews vs. recent ones. No idiot can make all that money
it takes more greed than genius to make a lot of money :-)
Agreed. The following tweet explains what I think with this hypothesis into consideration 
Does Potus know how to talk to foreign leaders besides kissing Putins ass?what an idiot how the hell did this idiot become POTUS  SOOOOO SAD
No wonder Potus loves FOX NEWS SO MUCH FOX NEWS IS THE SEXUAL PREDATOR NEST and we all know Potus records regarding sexual harassment
Does the fight against terrorism mean tyranny, corruption and killing of children to support this monster?
hey @realDonaldTrump  Donnie get real This man is a dictator U shake his hand but not Angela Merkel's,! Shame on U  a wrong & classless move
Dem lawmaker who met with Assad Tulsi Gabbard:
Ithe huge challenge for you as President is3 powerful countres from building a nuclear missiles to wap USA off theFACT
Please don't get us into trouble!
Dictator to Dictator!!!
Better tell him your time is short President Bannon!
Who's next, Kim Jong Un?? And by the way, congrats on yr NP donation but where are yr tax returns?? Cough 'em up! You promised!
We're with you Mr. President!
Lie
POTUS, the people need you to speak truth to power. This will be your divine purpose. Begging you please don't sell out!!
Don't worry you will screw it up! Fake President
Why is it you like to chummy up to dictators?
You dictators!!
Fire Spicer! Hire someone who can speak.
Good luck on your play date Don.
You're an international embarrassment. You have the respect of zero countries. No one takes you seriously. 
Funny...when you say, 'on behaf of the United States,' it sounds as if it's all about us...We The People...the WHOLE USA..
Probably gonna give 1 billion per year to reinstall his dictatorship. Good job! Good for the US. Good for the world!
Or it least a relationship as long as your stay in office until impeachment. 
And...What the fuck has he done to get impeached? I'll wait...........
Let me see. You SNUB the ELECTED leader of the most powerful European country and fawn over this DICTATOR?
You don't represent me
what disaster are you going to cause now with your big mouth
Please don't make a fool of yourself
A summit of Thugs.
Hopefully we can continue to exchange museum artifacts for display.#kingtut#scmuseum
I think everything President Trump is doing is positive FOXNews
You think he's tweeting too?
Haters gunna hate And Trump is gunna drain the swamp
Meanwhile, you've cost taxpayers $29,001,611.47 to support your fancy lifestyle. http://trumptax.me 
Why do your town Hall's look like a Putin press conference?
Mr. President, when are you going to do something about the death tax #ExtremelyConcerned

Cozy up to the evil dictators of the world. That's totally normal.
I'm pretty sure America would appreciate it if you didn't do anything 'on their behalf'.
Don't embarrass yourself & us by extension Learn to be #presidential
Couldn't get another leader's name spelled correctly.  Good start!
Why so much name calling & hatefulness at each other!  Can't u have productive convos?  Both sides just as bad! Concerned American asking.
why do you love Dick tators so much?   wanna be one?  you dont have the brains and you will live as the worst U S POTUS ever!
And another foreign power that is laughing at you and the United States for picking the dumbest President ever.
Once you're impeached, maybe he can give you a job.  Ya know, if you aren't in prison.
looking forward to golfing there?
Meanwhile, you've cost taxpayers $30,894,777.80 to support your fancy lifestyle. http://trumptax.me 
U r a terrible president!
He should have taken body parts, because your
The only reason you have him here is because of your resorts in Egypt, otherwise you could care less about him or Egypt as a whole.
You failed to enact your 30 day plan to defeat isis, if you had this wouldn't of happen. Fake president, sad man.
just make sure you hold his hand like you did Theresa's
What about their human rights violations, don't you care?
Hopefully not too long... definitely not more than four years!
it's easy to blame Obama on red line but now you are in charge what will you do? SYRIA
you should get along well. Demagogues& dictators hang together, like Hitler & Mussolini!
@williamlegate go ahead keep watching #fakenews
Thank you Mr. President thank you
Keep up the Great job !!!
Very support worthy my friend :)
Another publicity act?
You never know, when he gets put in prison you may become cell mates! We can but hope eh! #orangetwerp
How nice of you to welcome extremist dictators to our country. #resist
Please. Even your handshakes are embarrassing for heavens sake! A Firm grip and 3 shakes then STOP & Let Go!! No need to pull off balance!!!

美国总统？
Again. Human Rights. Look it up. You don't know the meaning of human rights.
Keep up the good work, Mr. President!  The American people are counting on you to find peace in the Middle East.
I am supporting you, quite good to respond.
Yeah I bet 
Don't look forward for more muslims in USA if you don't wanna see your culture destroyed. Results of more muslims are seen
is seen* in The Netherlands
Ryan plus head of CIA and FBI need to go
That is good to hear I've been wanting to take a trip to Egypt for years but with all the turmoil it looks scary
I see you shook HIS hand.
Take care of Syria meathead
Good luck and Positive thoughts and prayers with Y'all!! 
keep up the good work God bless you
Thank you for being a Great President!  We still stand behind you as all Republicans should be doing! Keep it up!
keep looking DON...you won't have ANY long and wonderful relationships.  Where are the peskly tax returns dude?
trump is a  man
So why after all these years of people suffering in Syria are you finally acknowledging their pain and carnage??? Where have you been??
DONALD I LOVE YOU
psst, Donny. It's el-Sisi, not al-Sisi.
Why?! you got a hotel you need to build there?!
Thank you for your leadership!
With a person with horrible human rights records. Hope all those shady deals y'all about to engage in are worth it! Lol #trumprussia
Go defeat North Korea very fast!#Losing-bigly!
Meanwhile, you've cost taxpayers $29,450,891.72 to support your fancy lifestyle. http://trumptax.me 
Shameful
Trump is truly one of the biggest hypocrite to walk the face of the earth.
WAR would be his ultimate distraction: DRAFT the trump SONS, not the 5 DEFERMENTS of the FATHER #drafttrumpsons #ImpeachTrump #treason
Just don't bow, still pissed about Obama
In your country many demonstrators
In Egypt there are many prisoners
  and You and Sisi are working to combat terrorism !!!!!
AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
This kind of stuff should be coming from the @POTUS @potus account. Not your personal crap. Get it together!
Dude - they cut off over 90% of #dicks there! It's an insane human rights violation. Oh, shit - never mind, I meant #vaginas... carry on.
%
one dictator to a wannabe dictator. RESIGN
Friends with a ruthless dictator... how despicable... but typical of you.
I'm sure you'll embarrass the USA hugely.
Better then the previous or what u could of had!!
Trump being manipulated.
Trump has gone completely insane. He is now an ally of ISIS and a very dangerous  enemy of civilization.
I hopefully Al-Sisi throws his shoe to your white powdered face.
he likes to treat his citizens like crap too. you should get along well togther.
So you praise another dictator. Real piece of work.
You're working with murderers, F-U! Your dad's thief, ran prostitute brothels, and has STDs- apple doesn't fall far from tree
Let someone else be president then. Otherwise we are screwed!

Not on my behalf. Sure it had to do with money.
could they not find a stand in for you? Y'know, someone not stupid.
Of course you do. Why not? He's a murdering a$$hole,who mistreats his citizens. But of course you're kissing his ass. #FDT,#NOTMYPRESIDENT
Please Mr. President Trump protect our bears and wolf from being slaughter
six
