How can the dems obstruct when republicans control all the branches of goverment? You are a liar.
Also good for healthcare that saves lives, affordable College, benefits for the elderly and low income kids, respect for minorities.
Aka DECENCY
Barack Obama saved us from a Great Depression, created 15 million jobs, cut middle-class taxes, insured 22 million people, killed bin Laden
Ha, ha, ha!!! Oh my gosh!! I wonder why the Democrats lost the election!
They did get the most votes even with Republican gerrymandering and rigging.  Corrupt electoral college stole it for trump.
Actually Democrats are good at getting health care for all,catching terrorists, stimulated the economy and saving the planet. What About U?
This is my President!! @POTUS44
If you don’t like where you live MOVE!
Not much longer, the miserable traitor is going down - if they don't cart him off to an asylum first.
Billary and Obama are the ones going down. Read the news dude!  @realDonaldTrump is our prez for 8 years, then we’ll vote another repub in!
Has he even been potty-trained?

Er no. 

Your're a trumpist, by definition one of a long series of gullible fools suckered by the conman in chief.
Obstructionists? That's "The pot calling the kettle black." Isn't it? Maybe you should stop calling people names & start being a PRESIDENT.
Lisa, that childish name calling drives me crazy!! So presidential. Rocket man? Crooked Hillary? Loser? Typical bully.
RIGHT? I literally cannot stand it. I would KILL my kids if they acted like him. I'm still amazed that he is the POTUS! It's beyond words!
Honestly just called Emily to tell her I was proud of her as a child & as a young woman who never bullied & never tolerated it. So proud.
I feel the same way, Becky. How do we expect kids to behave when Trump can't even be trusted to speak around them? This is bad.
Why don't his supporters feel this way? Parents with young daughters should be petrified & with sons terrified they don't go to prison!!!
I know, I don't get it. They just feel they have to defend him I guess. No matter how much I liked a Prez, I'd never put up with this.
Soon you R going 2find out what this country is really good at. Uncovering corrupt Presidents who have stooped 2 the bottom of the barrel
It can't come quick enough...
Ya your right increase your taxes, by the way where are your taxes still in audit? You must have a lot of fraud in them to take this long??
Spoken like the true "UNITER and chief" you promised to be during the election!

NO surprise.  You've NEVER been a man of your word.  Sad...
Republicans control everything U tool so tell again who is obstructing
Obama created 15 million jobs, cut middle-class taxes, insured 22 million people, killed bin Laden & SAVED the US auto industry. #TrumpLies
Is it too much to ask that the President of America speaks English correctly?  Asking for a friend...

<HINT: Don’t end sentences w AT>
Donnietwoscoops - this world of rage & vindictiveness that you live in cannot be good for your health.
We are all waiting on the stroke.
you're terrible at everything.
While you are guilty of golfing and colluding with #Russia. We know where this is going, we see the gaslighting and the distractions!
With all due respect, it would appear that all you're good at is talking smack and telling lies.
RT @realDonaldTrump For SUCCESS, Rule #1: You Work For The #American People; Rule #2: See Rule #1. You Don't Work For Big Corps & #Congress

We're just trying to stop you from ending life as we know it Donnie. #Worstpresidentever

#shutup #stfu #false #brainwashed #disrespectful
RT @realDonaldTrump Don't violate the #Constitution. YOU are doing the same thing on CSR as w/Amnesty. #Unconstitutional use of Exec. Auth.
Democrats want to work with you and the republicans. They’re not out to stop progress. The only one that is doing that is you!
And all you’re good at is being jealous of a real president- Barack Obama!
Who says wealthy should GET more?Hm?They MAKE more they should pay more!We as greatest in world SHOULD b able 2 TAKEof every1 NOT few!
all you are good at is dividing. You are an embarrassment to our country.
And the only thing you are good at is complaining about everyone else instead of taking responsibility for your own failures.
Repeal of Inheritance Tax and corp tax from 35% to 15%  helps your family and friends.
Do nothing but plot and agitate. Stop them. Thanks. Great job.
You good for "DOING NOTHING!!! You can't even pass one real legislation!! You only undo what  @POTUS44 has done for our country.. Jealousy
YOU ARE RIDICULOUS ... UNFIT
And all you are good at is conning the gullible and uninformed.
You’re so inept that you have a GOP senate and congress and STILL can’t get anything passed without your worthless exec orders. Sad!
What are you good at?
Unlike the Republicans blocking every bill and Supreme Court Justice Obama tried for in his last two years. Republicans are obstructionists
And the GOP Congress that hasn't done a damn thing in five years?? #ICantBelieveHowStupidYouAre
Yea.  It's much better to abandon FEMA, making places like Houston and Puerto Rico unlivable.  You have a plan OK; a plan of destruction
but don't Republicans hold the majority in both Senate and House?
So.

Exactly what are you good at ?

Apart from making USA a laughing stock.  NO need to build a wall.  No one will want to come there soon
another LIE!!! the current tax plan destroys the middle class only helps top 1%. WORST PRESIDENT IN US HISTORY!!
No one knows what you are good at. Or IF you are good at anything or FOR anything! You really ought not to throw stones at other people!
You're also very good at obstructing. #ImpeachTrump
You are so envious and disrespectful to Previous presidents, I am amazed they haven’t sued your rump!
Said the @POTUS whos @GOP party is in control 100% of the House and Senate.

This tweet should be filed under, Things #morons say.
Tell me about it, I live in California
Aver.American Will Receive An Extra $4,000 To $6,000 To Spend ....SOUNDS GREAT...I'LL PASS THE DAMN BILL..
This pathetic LIAR & GOP OWNS the WHITE HOUSE, SENATE, and HOUSE of REPRESENTATIVES, a GOP majority in all, but the DEMS are at fault?
the amount that the rich pay may not make a dent in their bank account, but it could crush a poor persons.
All you're good at it Tweeting, so I guess it all comes out in the wash.
They are also good at name calling!
The Democrats increase taxes in every liberal City like Seattle and Portland. They are disgusting & they live by their own selfish agenda!
They're only good at destroying good things and bringing everybody down to their miserable level #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Are you unaware that the Republicans have the control of the congress? So who's obstructing now?
At least they are good at something...what are you good at...oh yeah....tweeting.
Sad Senate passed the amendment to repeal real estate taxes as a deduction. Will hurt middle & lower class BIG TIME! I do middle class taxes
It's all about immigrants with trumpsters. So Obama committed crimes for something that's been done forever. Letting immigrants in?
Seems they are good at keeping you in a box of zero accomplishes. #Liar #Fraud #Failure #Traitor #Impeach #Indict #Imprison
Ohhh & grabbing women by the pussy??
MAGA..HA! More like
RAPING AMERICA AGAIN!!
And all republicans are good at giving tax breaks to the wealthiest few.
And all you want to do is take care of your comrades the top 1% and divide this nation further to please your puppet master Putin
Absolutely. I hope you can get as much done as possible. I don't see them in power for a long time!!
And what exactly are you good at? Being a president and a deal maker is certainly not your forte. Save further embarrassment, resign now.
If you are not a peacemaker, at least do not be a troublemaker. — St Isaac the Syrian
Gay
@jeffsessions The scope of all the criminal acts perpetrated on America is obscene. These crimes must be prosecuted to the full extent.
They're the true party of"No." They say no to America, no to Patriotism, no to nationalism, no to guns, no to free speech! I say NO to them!
You are 
All you are good at is lying & being a jerk
We need to call President Tsai Ing-wen
Really? Because all Mitch the Turtle and Repugs were good at for 4 years was NOT doing their job and obstruction! #NotMyPresident
Dude, you are POTUS to ALL Americans, even Democrats. This type of tweet is exclusionary and divisive. Stop pushing us apart.
The Republicans are not much different
One out of every 4 days of the Trump presidency were spent playing golf. And oh yea, taking credit for Obama's wins. Now that's really sad.
Los Angeles has taken over trash pickup from the private companies deciding the routes & who gets the business? Monopoly? Costs tripled.
R's are the majority.  What the hell are you talking about?  Can't get anything done?
Obstruct! McConnell & Ryan invented t/word 'Obstruct', they took an oath to obstruct. FU all you do is lie, & you're not even good at that.
Donnie, America can knows a scam. Tax breaks for the 1% is not  supportive of the working class. #TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver
Actually all Democrates want to do is see you leave office and take 1/2 the GOP with you, and all of your corrupt family,for starters!
Then come next year's midterm elections they need to be voted out.
Still trying to determine what you're good at.
Might want to chat with your BFF Mitch about obstruction!
way to encourage unity
Obstructing you from destroying our country is #patriotism, something you and your family will never understand, #traitor.
Continuing along your path of destroying the nation.  Don’t think you’re immune. Wicked karma awaits.
You literally never work.
PS. Tweeting your absurdities is NOT work!
I actually do work
Sorry dear. I was talking to my so-called presi. 
You are a divisive #DOTARD . Look it up.
In the words of Eric Holder...... #StopTheDamnLying
You r 2 stupid to be believed. All u want is everything and everyone talking about how wonderful u r. That is never gonna happen! Sick f*k!
Prosperity is directly proportional to freedom, and inversely proportional to the size of government. #MAGA Make Govt Small Again!
Tell that to Obama birther.
I see your Russian buddy Yevgeny Prigozhin was exposed meddling in the election. You are trading political favors with oligarchs. Traitor!
I watch you as a professional and you SUCK! You suck at EVERYTHING!
You and your GOP puppeteers (they own U) only want to cut taxes for the rich, corporations while make money making war & screw ordinary ppl.
And all ur good at is lying and ripping off r tax dollars. Traitor thief. U hav a lot of nerve
There you go again...calling out half of the United States...I guess you where in a coma when Republicans obstructed Obama for 8yr
Your main things seem to be tweeting and golfing, and you’re terrible at both
Brilliant coming from leader of the @GOP that is unable to pass any substantive legislation and spent eight yrs blocking everything. #moron
I think you're confusing a party that passed something with the Do Nothing But Complain GOP of the last 8 years.
Your EPA chief thinks that more exposure to radiation may be a good thing. Where do you find these idiots? SMFH!
A DRAFT DODGER like yourself..talking about patriotism..just shows how phony and illiterate u are.U and your russian comrades will FALL
TRAITOR traitor traitor impeachment prison prison prison guilty
Could not be happier to be a Canadian
Huh?????

I Live in Kansas, this is what they did and it totally broke our state.  So no they/we are not obstructing, just being smarter than the dumbest person in office,  YOU!  THIS ISN'T GOING TO WORK!  Schools suffered, businesses suffered because of this.

Glass houses. Stolen supreme court seat.
...odd you should mention the concept of "obstruction" what with the pace the Special Prosecutor has set examining relevant emails...
#FauxPOTUS #RepublicanSHAME #AboutThoseHarrassmentClaims
You are only good at abusing women and lying about everything.


You will be judged 45.

more than you've ever done
You are as delusional about that as your are thinking your hair looks good #trumpsafool
Yes, dems want to increase taxes on the rich, YOU and give the middle class and poor more spending cash. That will boost the economy. And they will obstruction any garbage you try to pass.
Less talk about dems you need new lines
D'OH.

House GOP quietly revises tax bill to tax income at higher rates over time
Drain the swamp
We need to all Demand his Tax returns. Why does he sneak that by everyone. So wrong
Majority of the people did not vote for him
I can't even believe your immaturity. Work together. You are showing your True colors. For the Rich
Big Republican LIE $ 100 per month $20 per week in tax savings = twinkies. Who knew trump was a liar
And so are we
Balls in your court bud. History is watching you.
Maybe look at why that seems to be such a widespread problem. There's an idea. Take a stand for the people you supposedly stand for..or not
Yet I can barely afford rent,food,utilities, and car insurance
Or maybe just maybe look at who really needs a tax cut. I know I sure could use one. I make too much to qualify for any kind of assistance
Maybe take a look at wage/cost of living ratios.
How about forgetting about yourself and focusing on the people that can't afford to figure out if they're dying or not..
If you worked at any job I've ever had you'd have been fired long ago
Or you can continue to point your finger and complain about your job
If you put half the effort into actually examining the real issues that you do whining and bitching you might come up with some solutions..
Oh and by the way. Quit bitching so much. You're like a little kid that's been grounded and doesn't think he should be.
That's all any of you are good at. You never take the people into consideration. Only how you look and how your bank account looks
Donnie, you are clearly uneducated in the area of politics.
the GOP wants to protect the 1%, the lobbyists and the far right while destroying the midclass completely! Mid class is backbone of USA!
So who obstructed the recent compromise on ACA?????
Whine, whine, whine
Blame, blame, blame
Didn't mommy teach you not to lie?
you know the 15% tax cut for businesses is going to make you billions more money and middle class only gets 3% tax cut
This will only balloon the National Debt for our children
1. Pay off/down our debt
2. Pass balanced budget amendment
3. THEN tax cuts
You know what the democrats want? Equal rights.
It with the money they make. Watch how fast they start tripping over themselves.  
I BELIEVE IN YOU MY PRESIDENT.
They want to make sure welfare stays in play. If needed ok if not get out. If they want to keep welfare people undeserving, let them pay for
All you are good at is dismanlting the achievements of your superior predecessor.
Barack Obama created 15 million jobs, cut middle-class taxes, insured 22 million people, killed bin Laden and SAVED the US auto industry.
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
They only want to obstruct bad policy. Come up with somthing that benefits the working class. Tax cuts dont do it!
"...all they are good at"?  I thought you had all the good words.  You are functionally illiterate.  Look it up.
And your good at lying and making up your so-called facts.
More lies. 

However we know what you want to do - save your gangster boss Putin from sanctions.
Merrick Garland would not agree.
This is called a projection. This is all @realDonaldTrump @GOP are good at.
I can't even deal with your nonsense anymore.
What is TRUMP good at?
Thanks for bringing the country together like you mentioned 1,000 times during your campaign. I continue to be inspired by you, buddy.
Says the head of the most obstructionist party in our history, the modern GOP!
The Wall Just got 10 feet taller.
Savage
Sounds like you but decrease taxes and increase dept.
Don’t forget some Republicans like Bob Corker also are obstructionists.
All you are good at is tweeting. Like a GIRL.
Don’t forget lying and hypocrisy!
Macron et son gouvernement aussi.....
Correct VA -Do NOT Vote Dem on NOV 7 if you do Your taxes will rise to pay for medicaid expansion for illegals - VOTE FOR ED-G
yep
@itldoranch along with the entrenched Grand Old Pussy party....
That's part of there socialist agenda!
Democrats are always good for raising taxes. It goes way back
At least they are good for something...what’s your superpower? Being a disgusting liar!!
Then rally the Republicans and do it without them, Republicans own the house & senate!
Don’t forget lying

Before you ruin the country, maybe you should go see a doctor and get some help...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCN3ACrXzdw …
