Dude YOUR so called GOOD DEPLORABLES are now burning your SLOGAN HATS. @realDonaldTrump. YOU USED THE KKK. Now they look EXPOSED.
Ive never seen an INDIVIDUAL so comsumed with HATE and SEPERATION @realDonaldTrump i know you studied all the evil DICTATORS.
Trump AMERICA IS BURNING YOUR HAT, SLOGAN and VOTE for U and all you can do is TWEET LOVE FOR WAR and Destruction. Do you ever have SEX.
Good  idea  bla

Trump is proposing a shifting of wealth from us to corporations.
Middle class loopholes will be the first to go.

Congratulations for giving me the taxation rates on foreigners doing business in China.
Every link I sent states the Corporate Tax rate in China is 25%. You insulted me when YOU were mistaken.
。
Mr. President you need to come out and correct the 15% to 25% you are incorrect that's why people label you a liar CORRECT
TRUMP, since u claiim U r studying the Bible I guess U didn't come across scripture, "all liars go to hell " another 1, God hates a liar
Why do you lie about something so easily searchable? It's not 15%. Google it
TRUMP IS FAKE NEWS
F.O.
Taxation is theft.
#MAGA still sounds like #MAGGOT to me
What is the minimum wage far China. They Probably don't pay as much in wages the states pay. What is the thing with matching China,  this
Build the wall!!!
Haven't drugged yet?
The CHYREN can stop the world war he has the power
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus 
#ElMaestro
#MiercolesIntratable 
@katyperry 
@ladygaga
Right sir
This is false. China's standard corporate tax rate is 25%

Stop spreading fake news
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
But China takes our jobs!
We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again.And we will Make America Great Again!
Keep up the fantastic work, we are proud of you!
Let's go for 10% across the board!
Is that why you and your daughter have clothes produced there? Or is it because labour is so cheap and easily exploited?
Yes sir leave us more money then we can save and SPEND
We aren't China.
Reminds me of when liberals point to Europe to prove that free health care is a good idea
Hmmm...
Great point.  Like when they point to those places for gun control also .. ahh, hive mind is a fucked kind of problem in society
Chinese factory workers make about $1.50 an hour. They work 12 hour days. Should we compete with that? I'm sure companies here would love to
According to me, this tweet matches up with this one from February 2013: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/299629835213500416 …

Not unless we start to adopt their culture and avoid the same mistakes, like creating an oppressive authoritarian state.
Is that what you believe? I believe that a lower corporate tax rate will increase prosperity in America.
The economy and stock market are SURGING under President Trump's Leadership! This is just the beginning! #MAGA  http://offendedamerica.com/stock-market-hits-new-time-highs-amid-record-household-incomes/ …
That other crooked young GOP douche Martin Shkreli's on his way to prison tonight, & you won't be far behind him....
Build the wall
Is it some physical thing, this need to lie about everything? Seriously, have you ever strung two sentences together without lying in one?
And they eat dogs and crickets there too. You could go live there, @realDonaldTrump

Stand firm. Build the wall. Don't make a bad deal with the dems. You're better than this. No amnesty
Official #MAGA (Morons Are Governing America) shirt here! https://www.amazon.com/dp/B075JTPX6N 
 @realDonaldTrump
I think Jacob wohl is donald tooting his own horn
トップしだいで国が良い方向に行きます！頑張ってください！
There are so many loop holes in corporate tax, they probably won't end up paying that much
#facts mean nothing to you #traitorinchief #deplorables eat all the #crap you feed them.
Sad
Those leg bumping Trump humping inbred morons 'standing by their lunatic', WTFU!! You're waist deep in horseshit. Can't you smell it yet?
Build the wall! Wth???
They also subsidise their companies and look the other way when they violate US patents, should we do that too?
So your plan to #MAGA is to follow Communist China?
You paid less than that!  We'd know if you showed your taxes snowflake. Mitt was less than 15% at least he showed his. Loser 
AP is claiming you signed a deal with Dems to allow illegals to stay, and no wall.  I hope this isn't true.
You don't understand percentages. Or know how to read. Listen kiddo, you gotta stay out of adult conversations. They aren't meant for you.
There's is 25%. Ours is 15%. The lying & false facts game needs to stop!!!!





Yeah before he runs you all over because youvare in the way of what's best for Donnie and his crime family
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
0 ykhhkğl
Yes President Trump, This is a 'Must Do'!
Lower to 12%!
to match price of chinese goods, quality of the products should not be compromised.
Maybe!!
You should be taxing large business way more than 15%. California taxed its rich and now it's the 6th largest economy on the planet.
Taxing. The. Rich. WORKS. Saying "oh well giving them more money will allow them to pay their employees more" is unrealistic.
When you cut taxes for rich business owners, the extra money doesn't actually go to the employees, it winds up the owners' pockets.
He is not cutting taxes for the rich.
Wow. The loonie left is out in force.
They also abuse their workers, have minimal environmental regulations, and allow children to work for almost nothing. Let's not do that.
He's talking about their tax rates, what's not clear about that? Quit twisting his words lmao.
Okay. He's lying about the rate. It's 25%. You got nothin'.
Why?  We don't want Chinese govt, horrible environment, horrible business ethics.
You know damn well it has nothing to do with wages. Stop lying
@realDonaldTrump Corporations in America routinely pay less in corporate taxes every year through use of loopholes and tax havens.#REALFACT
Oh, yes, because our economy is JUST LIKE CHINA'S. You are so dumb.
Where did it come from hope is hidden and how much he really pays. Big  mouth except about his income taxes  why is his still being aduited
Build the wall liar!
Agreed
A win is when everyone wins: that's called good business. Peace worldwide! You say u want sovereignty... so does North Korea! Peace, Sir!!!!
Have you ever spoken to anyone who works in a Chinese factory?  Long hours, paid next to nothing and no real safety regs.This is ur vision?
Trumps ok with human rights abusers he let's them make him and ivankas clothes.
Now if we could just beat them on population
The Corporate Tax Rate in China stands at 25 percent. Corporate Tax Rate in China averaged 29.19 percent from 1997 until 2017,
Deregulate the Trucking industry! Nothing has been done to help us for decades!! Only take our money and freedoms away.. Deregulate!
Dumb.
It's 25%!
Stop lying, you know better.
Liar
...but...but...how will you pay for Washington?
China also props up it's businesses. Are you going to do the same?
I have been around Chinese. They are not stupid. We don't have to copy them, but we can learn from them. They are very business minded.
Agreed
Our companies actually pay less and ship our jobs overseas. To China.
No one told you China's Corporate Tax Rate is 25%? Or did you forget? Or are you knowingly lying?
UNITE THE RED TAPE.....or should that have been UNTIE
Tienes negocios en China y con los #Rotschid que transfirieron sus toneladas de oro ahí
https://actualidad.rt.com/economia/view/85860-rothschild-oro-comprar-china-jacob …
@FMInoticias @BancoMundial
That would be 25%.
That would put us as the lowest tax rate in the world, then how would we pay for anything?  Grow some balls.  Stand up to the corporations.
U know as well as everyone else that no Corp actually pays the corp tax! They hire lawyers, you know the routine, to get out of paying taxes
@SharylAttkisson  look at the number of likes and retweets on this post. Telltale Americans get it
>When a libtard speaks
Trump...life, existence, & progress in a Country, isn't a game. There isn't any winning or losing, & its ridiculous to try to match another!
So, question? Why try to match China on 15% among other countries and not beat it by going lower than 15% we'd be even more competitive!
And there would be even more growth in the country! And there are countries out there that are lower than 15%!Can anyone answer this for me?
We voted for u 2 deregulate! This also means the Trucking Industry! Dec 18 should b a tax incentive not a mandate!! Work with us!!!!
China has universal healthcare, should we march that? Or only what's good for the "party" and not for the people
LIAR LIAR LIAR
China's corporate tax rate is 25%. Why the actual fuck do you keep lying, about facts that are easily checkable? Liar in chief at it again.
Not true.  It's actually 25%.  Facts matter
Why do you lie Donald?? Oh, that's right, you can't help yourself, it is a part of the fabric of you persona. You really need help with that
Sure, because China is better at everything than we are. Of course, they created that little hoax about climate change . . .  #BeLikeChina
Exactly 
FUNNY the correlation between CFIUS actions to block communist China purchasing of democratic US companies and NK nuclear attack rehearsals!
Lets do it!
America has a middle class tax rate of 25%  & you propose a new 6% cap gains tax on senior's cashing in their IRA's to pay for ur tax break
Looks like soon we'll be joined them in unbreathable air also. We'll all have to wear those masks (Made in China) in order to breathe.
You lying hound!
how would you pay for that 1.6 billion dollars for the 60 whole miles of border wall if you decrease the business tax and tax on rich? yeah.
Our economy would do better if you & your family MADE IN THE UNITED STATES!!!!!!!
We should go to 12% ! After cutting all the BS waste it should be doable!
I'm Jacob and I will say anything false to get a job in the Trumpiglia administration. Yes, Trump has passed no Maj leg, Obamas leg working?
Those who oppose, let me ask this simple question. If they took home more money? Most would spend more & pay sales tax...which helps economy
No Wall
Yes DACA
= NO 2nd TERM!!!!

YES WALL
NO DACA
=2nd TERM

That simple!!!
Yes
HATES china these ways, now wants to COPY their bussiness tax model?  least w tax savings they can pay the tarriffs you promissed..lol..NOT
With all the loopholes most fortune 500 companies have a 0 to negative tax rate. So what are you talking about?
Yes that's is right. But US government  is wrong interfering in all conflicts around the world but China silent because there's no benefits
Absolutely!!!!!
No cuts for wealthy, yes I mean your businesses fake President
You'll need to raise taxes if you want to build that stupid wall
So now you want to be like China? Wow!
The corporate tax rate in China is 25%. As a businessman and the President you should  know that. #fakePresident #PhonyFacts
No they don't...it's 25% and no loopholes, no deductions ...stop lying.

https://twitter.com/anomaly1/status/761287432709009410 … WE THE PEOPLE REMEMBER 9/11/01&9/11/12 "SNAKES N WE THE PEOPLES GOV & UNITED WE PEOPLE DESTROY SNAKES PERMANENTLY"
Quit lying. Do you just blurt out any old bullshit that flies into your head or do others tell you this crap? China tax rate = 25%.
That could kill small businesses and start ups.
Hope we don't "match wages-China"
So, you're in favor of prison labor?
You are sooo wrong Chinas corporate tax rate is NOT 15% its actually 25%. Do your homework b4 you tweet bs...
We don't compete. We create ! 12 %
Absolutely or even bring it lower if possible!
And their wages are significantly lower!!! Way lower! There is also a BILLION of them! You really don't get it!
Did someone show you a picture of tax rates?  Because we all know you abhor reading or learning things.  #ignorantPOTUS
Congress......do something now!! Trump 2020
build the wall you don't need Congress take the money out of military and homeland budget screw Congress not us or yourself
But China doesn't let millions of non citizens enter their country, overcrowd the schools, soak up the tax dollars, and take it's ppls jobs.
Can't come up with any of your own ideas so we do monkey see monkey do
Actually, China's rate is 25% and they don't have privatized healthcare.
Our economy would massively benefit from having NO ILLEGALS.
I want the lousy Christmas stuff from China to stop coming here, the plastic solid-glitter garbage and get us some decent decorations.
I agree, a flat tax of 15% would help to turn things around, combined with corporate limitations on foreign investment. Not restrictions.
No, it's 25%. Facts, Donald. Facts.
Trumplee
n0w time 2 stop TradeBan chinak7 cz mal n0 gurantee 7 M0neyhelp 2 Terrorism #Japan Attack aftr #London bt China kaV v Terrorist attack
Please replace "of" with "as low as"
You're creating quite a Twitter stir
You are so funny lol
Do you seriously think lots of western businesses are going to pull up stakes and move to China?
Yeah but it's doesn't, it's 25% in China mate.......just satin'
You would know, business tax rates aren't felt directly by the owners or upper people. The tax burden is always pushed down.
And you can't math! #whitehousesquatter #russianfraud #skip45
China is a communist society.
Do you want to bass your economic policies on Communism?
You're covered in shit.
China is a communist country, should we do that too?
We ought to just make is Zero - can you imagine the immediate job growth?
You are nuts to compare their system with ours just based on the tax rate. Their corporations are an arm of a communist kleptocracy.
Stop lying about tax rates. Truth is easy to discover, except for your base. They don't read.
More like 25%, you're so a liar !
Dear @realDonaldTrump's base. U need to do UR own fact checking but he's lying to U abt China's rate to justify his wish 4 his rich friends.
We have an effective rate of 5% or less for large corporations.
That's because as you and your daughter know well they pay their people pennies a day
TAX CUTS are a must! Get Ryan and McConnell to stop saying "tax reform" because they always mess that up! IT SHOULD BE TAX CUTS! ALWAYS!
YOU LOST THE POPULAR
Like when you said "we are the most taxed nation in the world".Why do you say things like that when irrefutable facts are out there?Amazing.
When is either party gonna make Trump show his taxes.all presidents are required  by law to show them why is he so scared because of money
I know it's difficult for you but try starting with the truth. Your untruths are easy to verify.
Match their wages? Dude,  it's slave labor & the only benefit if you don't die today you can work tomorrow. Jeez, how limited are you?
That would be fine if you force the tax savings go to employees and investment in the company not the pockets of the 1%
#RESIGN
Nope, gotta have at least 25 percent.
Firts bring back tax Dodgers to U.S. such as Apple then talk about tax cuts which TRUMP  family will beme fit a lot.
Trump once again tweeting "fake news." China's business tax rate is 25%. #fakenews.
You need to reinvest into the people in order to get industrial up
@TrumpSuperPAC we are try for you Donald J Trump and you won the election.and you pay us evil.by saling wepone to Nigeria
China has a business tax rate of 25%...for some, it's as high as 100%, because, you know, it's a Communist country
should we also build islands in internatinternalwaters because China does?China is not it a good  example  in the world! Find a  better one!
