Watch @Schwarzenegger deliver an unequivocal msg about racism in America. Yours was pathetically weak in comparison.
The Secretary of Defense is examining the possibility of separating United States Cyber Command from the National Security Agency. WTF?
Just so you are aware, we are working to make sure all your customers of Mar a Lago and your failing golf courses pull out. We want you out
Love to stir the pot don't you...anything to keep the focus off of the real issues...typical con man!
..... Nazis?
Seriously, 1)not written by Trump 2)Not gonna distract us from Russian collusion.  None of it will, ur going down!
Did you see how well the stock market is doing thanks for your good work
What are the left offended by today?.
Fuck them all YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE   BOSS #MAGA!
Keep marching through the swamp to get campaign promises implemented and get scrap metal prices up
Russian interference?

Very smart move Sir! We know that you are doing a great job! It's the mainstream media that's the problem. They are enemies of the state.

Yup, those polls worked SO well for the election lol.
Three organizations cancel fundraisers at Trump's Mar-a-Lago

Just resign.
You waited a long time after Bannon handed in resignation papers in early August. 
#LiarInChief
How is this going to stop you?
Go on @realDonaldTrump do your stuff and let the haters hate. It will ruin them before they ruin you. #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
We love and support you PResident Trump.  God speed.  May all these trolls fall fast.
You have no idea what that even is. Admit it.

Check your head in psych ward,commie,draft dodger,get clean,door is closing as you know.

4 million Illegals voted hun
How many ppl that voted had already passed . In my will I'm saying I vote Republican even if dead !!!!!
Keep the U.S. safe Mr. PRESIDENT! WE KNOW YOU HAVE OUR BACK!
This is smart, necessary, well-reasoned (and of course won't be covered by the dishonest media)
UCC is already being used by the United church of Christ which leans pretty hard to the left and counts @POTUS44 as a member. Just saying.
The Resistance?? That's what you and Sessions are digging into isn't it?? 
3 Years, 5 Months, 2 Days, 1 Hour, 31 Minutes, and 8 Seconds
Until Trump is inaugurated again
Not in this lifetime
Keep dreaming
y'all say the same thing but face it: impeachment is likely
0% likely. If you think otherwise, you are brainwashed. Seriously wake up...
Fire
Bannon is our voice....He is a patriot
RETWEET if Trump should apologize.
Why or What should he have to apologize for?
Wow, but do you know all the facts before tweeting? So quickly to respond to this and so slow for #Charlottesville
It could be because the facts surrounding Heather's murder was vague- and it took a while for the facts to emerge.

