They're repetitive bc you are. Your rating in low bc you're incompetent, have no class, and don't have a clue how to be President.
Whenever Donald Trump has sex he closes his eyes and pictures himself jacking off
In my opinion, Late Night Hosts tries to discredit Republicans with rhetoric proves once again how Democrats encourage lunacy & destruction.
Excellent point Mr. President!  You should quit that boring job - I'll let you have my show ALL to yourself #MAGA
Hey, #PresidentMoron is it any wonder that your approval rating stands at a record low of 32%
Definitely not. #youarelowhangingfruit for comedy.
No it's very fun!!!! Lol
We don't watch the liberal late night idiots
If you want equal time you'd have no coverage for the next 9months, you do get most of the coverage whether you like the coverage or not.
But they are funny #golatenight
@realDonaldTrump Trust me, I see plenty of your BS covered. And more importantly you don't get to decide what the press does.#notyourjob
So... No NFL and no late night shows? Why not get it over with and BAN all internet and television already. NOT MY DICTATOR 
It is getting old. Why don’t you resign so they can go after Pence?
Hey Donnie, remember this?
But they're not as funny as you...not enough material to work with! You love the attention!
Yeah. You should all get equal time in jail!
Anything pro-Trump is fake news by definition.
Maybe anything other than blatent stupidity should be given "equal time" in your public appearances too.
Since when do you give a fuck about the 1st amendment? #Impeach45

You give them so much material to work with though! Crybaby!
Do something about the ridiculous travel costs of you and your cabinet. Pigs at the trough!
don't watch anymore or NFL or ... don't miss it. There are plenty of great alternative choices.
#INVOKE25
Anti-Trump is way funnier than making fun of Dems, they don't embarrass themselves constantly. You are a walking punch line and got jokes. 
You already have a goddamn channel devoted to your bullshit. It's called @FoxNews
They are not creative enough to develop any new material. Sort of like the loser movie sequels...
Lmao yo ur trash
Haha ha ha ha!
You fool, you know that if the DEMOCRATS would have received equal time during the last 2 yr & yr campaign, YOU WOULD NOT SIT in the WH.
They have a one track mind. We who support u & this country aren't watching or listening..
What the hell are you talking about?  Do you really not understand how the world works??
Johnny Carson was never political. Back when late night TV . Was fun to watch.
Is it the Democrats' fault GOP and you are such a fountain of fresh source material?
So agree not funny it 20 years change the way I watch tv
What in the f*ck is wrong with you baby trump? Late night has always laughed at presidents. You're such a sensitive whiney little child.
As old as Bob Hope.
Bob Hope was so good.
As US government has been so bad for so long.
Why do you act like you're 5? I voted for you, but damn you are such a whiner. Grow up. You're the freaking President for God's sake.
Point. I just could not vote for her. The house was he would surround himself with people that would help him. Instead, he just fired them.
unfortunate you couldn't tell difference between safe & evil she wasn't perfect but trump a known Russian lover & a narcissistic Liar - WOW
Yes, but she is also extremely corrupt. I also lean right. It was a lose lose for me.
If she was so corrupt as you say why isn't she in jail? The Russians did a number on her I'm old enough to know the good she's done
That is a invalid argument. Lots of politicians that are corrupt are not in jail. Her corruption goes very far back.
Your saying she's corrupt with no proof!
Their ratings will start plummeting just like the NFL's.
I’ve quit watching since Leno left. The amount of vile & bile in the jokes and tone of voice make me cringe.
It's absolutely disgusting. I stopped watching SNL after all these years as well.
The skit SNL had after Trump won I thought was hilarious. I think that’s the last skit I’ve watched. It was so true. I’m not sure if they realized the actual humor in the skit.
It was excellent as were some others, but they just keep up the Trump theme each week and it bores me now.
Agree. The smugness is appalling. Mocking your fans will drive them away. Same with the @NFL.
Together they match!
Day care in white house Trump !
Always funny and very entertaining, but sad because it's so true. Yes Mr.  Trump you're a big joke. LMAO.
Comedians are not anti-Trump. U r a joke and comedians love you for it!  They (like us) just wish u weren’t POTUS.  Well, u r not...really.

You are a joke and not funny one. The entire world laughs at you...
Be yourself,and all will be ok.
Why do you mean, you tweet like that all the time
Stop giving them soooooo much to work with..UR POTUS ANNNND.. Wait for it. President of the Virgn Islands. Did you actually attend school.?
I Refuse to watch them laugh at themselves - too bad for them! President Trump is my President and deserves my respect!
Hahahahaha, #DonTheCon deserving respect. Where are his #FakeIQscores
Sure, where's the Trump network?  Or Fox and Freinds
Thats not how that works.
Stop being such a &ø%^ii joke and they might let up. The comedy writes itself by your stupid actions. You're a joke. #ImpeachTrump
Late night shows aren't news or debates- so no equal time is not warranted. It's private enterprise / can do whatever it wants just like u!
Na...they are a waste of time.  I used to watch them, but banned in my household.
why are you concerned?  stop being a lying asshole and they will stop their TRUTHFUL commentary
You want another platform to embarrass yourself on? Also stop talking in third person weirdo
Don't you have shit to do, you orange snowflake?
Oh just drop it...."man baby".!!
Ignore them.  Most everyone else does.
Why are you capitalizing "equal" and "time"?
It's not the democrats, it's the American people. As there is no bigger joke then you. Quit giving them material.
You get more air time then anyone  Shut up cry baby.
They’re giving you more than equal time noting how your incompetence is destroying our Country? Always something to whine about!! Can’t you use Melania’s fake boobs to cry into? That’s right she’s allergic to you. I always use that one too when I don’t want to do something gross
For someone who talks about ratings as much as you do, I fear you may not have any understanding how they work

In the immortal words of Gilda Radner " Boy, are you Dumb!"
Those deeming expertise in all usually know nothing of value
Impeach Trump Pence
These pink pussy hat wearing liberals, just dont get it. We'll show them again at mid-terms.MAGA
You've confused liberals with conservacons again. America was already great. Then you...people...mucked it all up.
Does he completely not understand the First Amendment or think he is more important?
You got about 5 billion dollars of free ads by media. That's why unfortunately you are allegedly President.
devonlindsay10 sure.  But you're already unfunny and repetitive.
Oh I don’t know DJ, it’s pretty funny! #JimmyFallon
Wow. So many ignorant idiots. Shocking, not really.
Carson wouldn't come. He wanted Letterman to replace him.
That's basic late night history.  Everyone knows it.
Loved the Late Night skit last night all about #Trump. You loved it too I'm sure.
If you watched any channel, except FuxNoise, you'd see all of the coverage the others give you...you just wouldn't like it #notpropaganda
They trying to set me up for Friday to put me in jail for something I'm not doing
Mmmh..  @ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
Why dont you do something more valuable with your time why not solve #KennekaJenkins #murder
the doturd wants equal time, so stop putting him in the news.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4R2ENPEa-k&bpctr=1507612858 …
Find your own comedians.
Rush Limbaugh should take his rightful place, again, on TV with the correct formula to TEACH Americans!
*barf*
The Democrats get over it.
If you want people to speak well of you then should do well. In other words do good things for ppl to talk about not bad.

How exactly would that work, is there anyone better to make fun of?
You're the president. Shouldn't you be concerning yourself with things that affect the American people and not your ego?
Did you say that to Obama???
I quit watching EVERYTHING that contains Trump bashing...also movies/TV that stars anyone who has bashed you!!!
No very funny ask Ryan
No, you should not be given equal time. Like creationism, giving a platform to bullshit is a bad idea.
Equal time from who? Don't expect the people trashing you to say a positive word. Don't waste energy thinking about them - prove them wrong.
Mr President, show all the late night shitheads. Exactly where they can go. Trump=
You make it sound like a 'get even' thing. He needs to focus on the things that need to be done instead of negativity, which helps nothing.
You are doing funny crapy stuff all the time so you don't need equal time.
Heaven forbid if you did something decent and caring.
Not!

Sure thing, Mr. President. Can someone tell the Liberals the election ended almost 1 year ago?
Nope. No equal time for you, whined. It's not the election any longer remember?
Of course they're "anti-Trump!"  They obviously have brains!!!!!
No I think TRUTH should get priority time. Therefore, America should be given more information about how horrible of a job you are doing
“Unfunny” means opposite when you use the quotes.
No this is America and they choose who gets air time. #noDictators allowed in America
Thanks for giving them even more material.
You're worshippers had their equal time in Charlotte. I can't believe everything upsets you. You need to man up, like OBAMA
Oops your instead of you're...
You should absolutely get time. Specifically, you should DO time. Don’t worry - our culture loves getting updates on jailed criminals.
Mueller thinks your material is interesting. He’s giving you equal time.
Oh come now, for someone who is a big joke, you certainly can't take one. You get roasted because you are in fact, a ham.
Unfunny time., every WH press conference .. As the Moron would say, Sad
With all @TeamTrump's Labor in USA & others nations alot people're watching Where need tobe his vote Or if want his own pleasure only. #MAGA
If you got equal time, you'd be sinking your own ship, Doofus. Please push for it, by all means.
I hope you enjoyed Jon Stewart on the Tonight Show.

They are spot on!  You get your equal time on FOX the home of fake news.  Have u noticed some of them are against you
Stop being such a #crybaby #snowflake and grow a pair already. Your the #POTUS, that title used to mean something
I never watch! But tonight turned on Kimmel someone thought he was Carson ! Can't shine his shoes!
Sure, but you don't have a sense of humor.
We hate upu
Believe me, you get plenty of time when Mueller is through with you.

Used to watch them all; no more.
Anyone notice how EVERYTHING gets blamed on President TRUMP the media and Dems are dividing people Never have seen president so disrespected
It's not just late night hosts, teachers literally make fun of you everyday
Nothing less than success Equality. The Dems have onion skins for Contacts ,the resistances is over
Should you do your job?
JIMMY KIMMEL IS A LEFT WING LOON NO RATINGS AND THE PEOPLE WILL STOP SUPPORTING HIS ADVERTISERS
Also, no.  You shouldn’t.
Thank god for the late night hosts. #colbert
Lower case n, plural hosts. No quotes on unfunny and not the best word choice. No comma, no capital E or T. Day care is hard, but try!
we should but probably won't.  Just rise above and don't lower yourself to their level.  You are the man we elected!!
Too bad you get any time at all. Would rather have literal shit straight out of toilet as our president.
No, you should do something worthwhile. Is that possible??
You should get time alright, Donald, Hard Time.
We really don't need late night comedians in order to laugh at you chump.
People are anti-@realdonaldtrump BECAUSE WE HATE YOU.
Please let this crap go and just focus on your job they are all ass holes not worthy of your time or thought
Yeah, everything should be equal. You want to roll out a little socialism? Let's start with healthcare.
Learn the law first. Fairness doctrine was repealed...by Reagan.  Almost 40 years ago.  Jeez.  You are POTUS and I know more than you do!
LET IT GO! Trump....instead start concerning yourself with much more pressing issues such as THE US!!!!
try LISTENING to them and not your ass kissers! They say what most Americans think!
WE ARE NOT FOR EQUAL TIME.  We are for the free market Donny.  #TrumpDaddySays
Cant get bad bills pass? chg rules. Dont like tv coverage? Chg the rules. Don't like the facts? Lie. Sounds like beginning of a dictatorship
Political office is supposed to be a public service! It shouldn’t be a career! Why don’t they have limits??
ohhh poor BABY!!!!!!
Idiot
hosts* funny* & factual* material
The only part of their shows that is unfunny is how true it all is.  Do the right thing. Resign & it all stops. Go back to real reality TV.
Maybe you get what you give. #DivisiveTrump #LyingTrump #RacistTrump #SexistTrump #TraitorTrump #WorstPresidentEver #ImpeachTrump
shut up
#JimmyKimmel  U were only 1 we liked! U have a lot 2 learn What is unfair was the OBCare. Have child w GS3. He had great care til OBCare.
Had best ins. till OBCare.  Rates went ski-hi. Lost our Drs. Had terrible care after ACA. Not free. Kimmel is an A. Sorry about his kid.
Yes we need Real News!
What's Wrong With the Democrats?   The Democratic Party has morale in its heels.....
You wannabe dictator
Will you get a grip and start leading the country--or is that beyond your amazing powers?
Lady Gaga, I'll bet they didn't ask her opinion.
You have your own little reality show going on that's your equal time
No, making fun of you IS  funny.
Like Colbert said..."so you think it is funny?" Can someone in your cabinet check your tweets first before clicking the tweet button?
Weren't you always anti Obama? 
I reported the others to the FCC for content
Aw!  Doesn't anyone want to play with you?  You should be used to it.  You never had a real friend.  You are a man child
Obama demanded equal time too, regarding Fox and all the talk radio programs. It would violate so many laws to get equal time for free.
Don't waste your time worrying about those idiots. I don't know a single person that watches any of those shows any longer. Repeat nightly.
The jokes write themselves.
They are anti Trump because they are anti racism, anti sexism, anti xenophobia, you can’t be those things and be pro Trump.
Here we go again. You can't do your JOB, but you can rant against comedy shows and the NFL. BAD!
I think that little Jimmy fallion is smarter than his constituants.
Well, you are right about 1 thing- there is nothing funny about you. Horrifying, yes. Funny, no!
Just ignore the assholes. Not worth another thought.
Equal time? Do you think it's a debate? ou are doing a shitty job sir and people are pointing that out. Truth bothers you doesn't it?
Your use of quotation marks is always weird.
Don't worry about it POTUS they're boring and nobody watches anymore. They need you for Ratings because they're desperate!
Why stoop to their level. You have more important issues to deal with
Another lie! They are hilarious and you are a giant man baby! #SADLoser! Even without Late Night we laugh at you every day.
