The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!
#BuildTheWall
They want us on drugs..So we can't survive without their millions of programs to sober us up...Oh Thk u Dems...I think they need to go to those programs..
Exactly
Yes Trump,your statements of your crowd sizes were also wrong,by the way dead people cannot vote. Show us tax returns.

GET TO WORK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
U THINK ITS FAKE?
YET U THINK SANDY HOOK WAS REAL?
Piss off numbnut...
The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC &amp; NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong ...
#Cult45
It must be very lonely being the only person who is always right about everything and the only one that does not fabricate
Good try everyone is on to you now. How about Health care done in first week maybe same day??
Pres Obama left you with a winning economy. The fact that you can’t ever get above 42% approval in a strong economy says everything about you. #GOPTaxScam will now take us into crushing debt and Democrats will have to clean up the mess again. Pathetic.
Sir please stop tweeting. And you will call wise man
NOTHING IS MORE FAKE THAN YOU.  LOOK IN THE MIRROR, FAKE SICK HEAD @realDonaldTrump
ALL polls except this made up poll are at 33%, an all time  LOW. Obama was  far btr than u are,  he accomplished  tons.
Fake fake. Totally wrong. Get some new words drumpf
Trump not liking something = fake
Trump agreeing with something = tremendous
He's literally created an alternate universe for himself.
Get over your dislike for President Trump he will do right for America.
Nope!
Obama spent out money and all we got cor it is a devided country. I am willing to give the man some  time. Rome wasn't built in 100 days.
Is "out" money better than "in" money? Also, it's divided. But totally applicable comparison to Rome. It's good to stay current.
If we are like old Rome you only  have one person to blame Muslim  Obama
Your character attacks only solidify that you're a bigot.
Just like you
No they were correct. Fox News is fake news because they like covering up for you.
FDR put people to work and was elected 4 times. Throw Bannon out! He doesn't have your interest at heart
you can't have it both ways! Fake if it's not good 4 u real if it is. U r not fooling everyone.
what a baby.  still watching polls while in office. dont you have anything better to do? like try and run the country???
here's the problem (April 24, 2017; 8:15 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #FAIL
Impeach him now
anything that displays your ass [which is everything you say] you insist on calling wrong.  your're wrong. resign.

Fake news polls? Do you mean "alternative"?
Really?
You are the "KING OF FAKE NEWS". You created it with Obama not being a citizen of the United States. What a jerk.
Absolutely pathetic and sad for you that your lives are so empty and useless. Run for office be part of solution not part of the problem. 
They are fake unless they're positive.

Also, under the Fairness Doctrine, Breitbart News would be prohibited from publishing their trash as 'news.'
Ur a Failure
Your first 100 days have been a complete failure. Worst accomplishments  of any President in modern times.
Keep firing back at fake news.The lefts voters r moving to u. The wall is only thing 2 stop illegals & drugs. Keep tweeting.@MariaBartiromo
I really don’t care about polls. Please just do your job and stop tweeting. It’s embarrassing.
Why were you touting about the same polls yesterday?
Which poll should we read?
#potusbraintumor
Just focus on doing your damn job.  You work for us in the house we own.
Um no. The polls were correct then too. Unless the polls were conducted using the electoral college, then you would be right.
the good is when you lying that you wanted they cover to you! trump is it fake when you don't wanted to releases your taxes if you don't! -
So if those reports are "fake", doesn't that mean the "very positive info" is also fake? Or is only negative reporting fake? Just asking.
Trump is ultimately the dumb ass president the united states history.try to much to fast that why he  out
The only people that oppose our patriotic Pres. Trump are illegals,terrorists, racists,& foreigners seeking to benefit their own countries!
Nope. I'm none of these.
Neither am I.
Ok anti-American Marxist seeking foreign takeover, decriminalizstion & the New World Order!
And whoever said being American is being hateful, is a liar.
Pfft
After the election polls are irrelevant. We can thank the MSM for that!
Obama's speech generated more ratings then your inauguration speech in one night wowwwwww
Wrong Just because you don't like or agree with it does not make it Fake News. Be a President not a Complainer
You lost the popular vote. Nothing you tweet, no lie you tell yourself, no delusion you drown in will ever change that. #RealTruth
Man what are you smoking, our system is for electors votes not popular; you guys are just hateful and full of bigotry, which is MADNESS AMEN
Then buy Alex Jones his own station and hear what you want 24/7. You both belong in an assylum
Funny thing is, they only poll libtards and snowflakes and maybe a few Independents! LMAO!!
You big dummy
Releasing ur taxes? How's Putin? NATO still obso? Still being taped by Obama's old micro? Inquiring minds, bro! #trump100days #LiarInChief
- you are a liar - day in and day out - NOTHING BUT LIES .#Trump100Days #BrokenPromise #Resistance #marchforscience

#sadPuppet #schmuck Grow up FFS, you are an embarrassment.
Trump fake comments......
what the heck
So. Are they fake or not. They can't be both. You are the worst example of a leader this country has ever seen. I'm ashamed. #fauxprez
LOL I don't know which way you're going in this.
They will report anything that sounds good to them, without facts, or creditable resources. 90% of the time it's all fake news.
You spend the most time out of any president trying to convince the American people that you're an ok person.
Get over fake new #45 younare the only fake. Fake hair, fake skin, no independent thoughts. Whatever human is orange???
Alternative reality.

When are you gonna disclose ET presence on earth. We're waiting.
The elections over pal. OVER. Stop bringing it up..but since we are, Hilary won the popular vote!!!
The Russian talking points, you keep using, are making you look silly. Polls are polls, they are not fake because you say they are!!
Your are "totally wrong" for America...insecure lying corrupt pitiful little man. #Impeach45
Yeah yeah yeah. We should only listen to you and everything will be OK.  ConManDon your a blatant liar.  No credibility.
of course. Only wrong if it said bad about u. U r oathetic
if they are fake in which direction is the bias?
 that is not even English! WTF?! Try Russian, maybe it will be more comprehensible. @FBI #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
WTF is he even trying to say???
I have no idea. He's so inarticulate. And this? WTF is he trying to affect here? Fear? Intimidation? Frustration? Gout? #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Yes, with heel spurs, small weewee, gout & possibly mental illness to back him up.
DEFINITELY MENTAL ILLNESS!!!
Libs are absolutely livid . Of course the polls r wrong. Just like they were saying Killary had 95% chance of winning
And she did by 3million votes
Ca and NY do not have voter ID . A ca congressman said his family was illegal and using fake docs. Yes they voted. Pathetic
Liar

#impeach45 #Trumprussia #TheResistance  we are comming
You far left r going backwards, u keep losing. Yr evil is strong since Satan has a hold on you all. Evil loses this time. Bring it on
This dude is becoming more and more insane before our very eyes. General E Watch?!?
They should throw his Twitter machine in the toilet.
Before it gets us killed!
Exactly.
yes if you don't do what the establishment tells you to do then you are a complete jerk & they have to squash you with lies
You're so ridiculous. What you like: truth. What you don't like: fake. Hence your existence is fake
Reaction formation???
You can't face facts that you SUCKS and have the lowest rating in over 70 years.
Recent poll: 96% of those who voted for Trump said they would vote for him again. Damn straight! Trump's kicking ass!

um, sorry, they're spot on.
Correction - the polls, which were based on the popular vote, were extremely accurate.  But I am still going to have a tantrum about it!
What is wrong with you?!!!
You are high, very very high.


They should stop with their stupid poll! Mr. President you are doing GREAT!
This is why independent media like us is so important. Consider supporting us and RT. Help us grow and get better.
Lies again.
Don’t watch or read Mr. President. Your tweeter is how I get the real news. Good news about  NAFTA.
If you don't like people hating you, STOP writing vil edicts that directly negatively affect the citizens!
Who is General E. Watch?
The only thing fake is you 45!
U lost the popular vote by more than 3M. get the hell over it you baby. and your crowd was a sliver of Obama's. u just cant take it babyboy?
2 bad you cannot pay them to lie for u too... jut like d rest of ur traders anyone that speaks up 4 u is fake, fake profiles, fake stories..
Is this a cry for help?
Keep going. The deplorables are still here. Drain the swamp. Go after these sleeze bags that make a living marketing stolen & illegal info
Who is fake the news or you? I voted for you and you are letting everyone in DC turn you against us. Act like the president and kick ass.
Love the new tax plan. Will really grow the middle class, jobs and help young people just starting out.
How are you able to promise one thing during your campaign and try to deliver something different? #healthcare
POTUS should have his own news network. Other outlets would have to disprove his accomplishments....which they couldn't. 
yeh I guess fat rush is the real deal
Soooo..., if you like it, it's ok, and if not it's fake!?!
Um, didn't you lose in the general election?
Funny that the only fake news is news that does not flatter your immense ego.
How much are you being paid to post this?
You're too funny.
Go see a head doctor mate... maybe take the 50,000 equally delusional Trumpolinos who  each and every demented syllable you tweet #Madness
ojala viniera un dia a chile usted que michelle bachelet lo traiga..si es que usded quiere ...

It's all a distraction. Your entire presidency. Behind the scenes you continue your shady dealings making the White House your profit center
You say you are worth 10 billion NOT EVEN CLOSE, that's why you won't come out with tax forms. Not even a billionaire
I'm telling you,... you will beat a dead horse even after rigor mortis has set in. Surprise us & broaden your vocabulary beyond "fake news".
I never understand why you tweet, you throw a stone and get pebble dashed by so much objection. The more tweets, the more unsupported
No Donald they were real not fake. The issue is that you are delusional. Get mental health help soon .Please
Please learn how polling works.
President Trump I am one of ur Armenian supporters, I wished u remembered Armenian Genocide and mentioned it like Holucust
#FakePresident
You know... You can't claim that things are fake because it hurts your feefees...
ayudenos a que piñera no sea presidente de chile nuevamente por favor ...pte trump...
give it up we don't care about the election you won let's get to work
What evidence can you present to prove they were fake?
Pick and choose the evidence you like. Just like religion. Disgraceful!
oh they are all fake - why do you bother caring -- in fact -- you can be sure you are doing great or they wouldn't try so desperately to...
Yes isn't it amazing...in fact you can't even trust your president to tell the truth. The presidency of lies. Does that meanFake president??
100 days and you're still talking about the election... you are pathetic.
GMA Groaning Moaning Amusing #FakeNews&Liars
Yes we know Donny if you don't like them it's fake news and did they say something nice about you Donny it's real.. please grow up Donnie
You're such a baby...
Probably, ABC and NBC exercise Augmented Reality technology with a few real world facts among a lot of fake detailes that impact you mind
the polls couldn't predict that a 2.9+M vote differential would override 80K votes over 3 states
#AbolishElectoralCollege
.@HamiltonElector
There you go again feeling sorry for yourself. You are such a baby. Man up.
You're the only thing fake.
Just because you didn't like the poll doesn't mean it isn't true #Foolin the WhiteHouse
Several fake news tweets released from the White House, today. More falsehood & prevarication from #LiarTrump. SAD!
#ConManTrump #FakePOTUS
Your new tax proposal does NOTHING to reduce long term capital gains tax which is at 25%. ARE YOU KIDDING ME ???????
The American people & the rest of the world KNOW! The polls are done by liberal Hacks! Your doing an amazing job!! Keep up the great work!
The American people & the rest of the world KNOW! The polls are done  by liberal Hacks! Your doing an amazing job!!
Funny. Your always saying fake news.  You have lost your supporters. We dont believe  you or in you. Your FAKE.  SO SAD
DONALD YOU HAVE NO CHOICE,LAUNCH THE NUKES! GLOBAL NUCLEAR WAR IS THE ONLY ANSWER. YOU WE BE REMEMBERED AS GREAT,LOVE SATAN!!!
Whah?
no it is not fake, you are a horrible person and the #MajorityVoters despise you and your #RadicalConservativeExtremist
What is #GeneralE? And the big D? I think you should get an F
@realDonaldTrump Just get over it.  You can't differentiate between fact or fiction. You will never be able to move forward. #resistance
Dude you are so unpoopular it is hilarious.  Hilarious it bugs you so much.  Everyone hates you.
.Sinking into depths of #fail. Time to start packing and measuring the cell bars at your next home.
Poll: Trump has lowest approval rating of any elected president at 100 day mark http://hill.cm/4k9yGr5  
Fantasic speech today,
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING SINCE YOU TOOK OFFICE! THE MAJORITY OF AMERICANS HATE YOU MORE THAN THEY HAVE EVER HATED ANYONE!! MAKE US HAPPY. RESIGN!!
Release the info requested by congress you coward...
los chilenos queremos que guillier sea presidente de chile piñera no es un ladron ..y corrupto..robo un banco en talca 1980...
You sure that's a real Hamilton quote?
oh yes you must be the least popular President the polls that were rigged before say so. Lol
