Should the laws in our books work or not? The laws in this country should deal with all illegal matters without favor
Mr president the best decision for Americans is best security system, lawful entry into America, obeying the laws in our books and make sure they work to the fullest because the tax payers spent their tax money in paying the senate and congressmen for coming out with those laws.

You are supposedly the expert at making deals! You actually SUCK at it. How about you not USE people who’ve been in this country since they were kids, who are good, productive citizens, work, pay taxes, are educated, the Dreamers, as LEVERAGE?!
You are hurtting people over something nobody else except you.  AMERICA DOES NOT WANT THAT FUCKING WALL AND WE ARE DONE WITH YOU
get lost
you are nit an honest man. You do know that a man needs to stand by shit you say!
Guess your promise to protect DACA was an empty one,!!
No Tiene Papeles.....No Tengo Derechos...Es Todo...
you were quoted in a story by @nytimes
So why haven't you gone to Mexico to get a check yet?  Too busy golfing?
Vážení Clintonpáni v USA - máte to POSRATÝMNAVRCH, lebo autsajder VOLIEB 2016  vás nachytal  "na hruškách"  a terazky máte to, čo vám v USA 1989-2016 chýbalo ako soľ - PAŇATNO ?!§  301217705
This is their country too.Some of them have been here all there lives. What will happen to them, If they are forced out the only home they know?
You really must be credited for being consistent: you stiffed Mom & Pop businesses in AC, students at tRump U, purchasers of units at tRump SoHo and now the US Congress. Way to go!
Deport them all. Dreamers need to dream in Mexico
Que pasa Sr Presidente, allude a los alos verdaderos drimer y los demas afuera
So, are we not going to address the fact most immigrants travel across via private planes? No? Ok. Waste more time on this then.
Take all free everything away . These people live off tax payers money even with free college, the funds pour into them without working .
Absolutely Not Sir if one American is killed @PaulRyan will never live it down!
Sir, the Democrats seem to be nothing but obstructionists, with even a few so-called Republicans helping them. Hold out for what you want.
We need major Border Security. Fire will be the last cleanse in the earth. The Flood didn’t work!
We can't allow illegals to vote. It's amazing how the democrats want to do this now while the illegal spillover days are(hopefully) numbered
please  arrest obama and soros i am fed up with their violence/pd4riots against  you and america please
May the other issues of the campaign begin...there's a time for everything. Let it begin so
Good send them back like you said you would.
DACA deal will happen your life depends on it correct? So many lies to cover an SOBs ass, right?
let's send illegals to work campus, second thought let's send any non whites tho the camps #nazis #cleanhouse #bdsm #SeanHannity
Wow , I feel sick
ANY DACA Deal must include: NO Future Dreamers, Extreme vetting, NO Citizenship, NO Chain Migration, Man. E-verify, WALL!!!
You will lose. You are a LOSER.  Time to RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN
Please help us!
No amnesty.
Good. Send them home or fund the wall. That easy.
Guess I shouldn’t have voted for you! THEY ARE ILLEGAL, NO MATTER HOW THEY GOT HERE! Deport them ALL or you won’t have my vote EVER again.

Shut up Biship
No deal until we have the right to secure our borders.Stabd your ground.People are depending on you!
Zoinist pig.
i don't understand why any funding is being given to illegals - they are not entitled to any and Amreican taxes are going there to obamacare
Eleagle ,do not have constitutional rights in our country. That includes daca,which should not have been implemented. Congress!
NO deal on DACA.  Send them home!!
Do NOT allow breaking our laws. DACA=ILLEGAL ALIENS. DO NOT grant amnesty—
 MANY REPUBLICANS IN CALIFORNIA NOT SUPPORT DACA VOTE IS DEMOCRACY
These poor people in Mexico suffering from a horrific earthquake and people are only thinking of the wall? Where are God's children?
Right. Southern states will soon b flooded w/the
'Maria effect' We will b forced 2 receive them & we will b forced 2 rebuild 4 them. Donald
has "changed his mind" on nearly every promise that gave him our majority vote. As a native Floridian whose played by the rules+both myself
And, my husband (30 yrs) work 2 jobs 2 afford our home here+ mandatory insurances+inflated living expenses+dozens of 'taxes' attached 2 each
Utility bill, pay chk, gas, food,home,auto,education, leisure, etc-'moron taxes'- meaning, moronically naive = deaf, dumb & mute 2 just
Exactly how many & how much our potus & govt takes from our everyday needs & activity 2 support those who come,apply & all 2 easily receive
aide of all types from those funds. My home &  personal property loss during hurricane Irma is @ 5k. Our mandatory- taxed up the ass deducti
blue is nearly 8k. FEMA & potus (by our Republican vote) sent us a denial letter 4 ANY form is aide 2 repair-w/i 12 hrs of applying Simply
Due 2 the fact that we DO have a policy. No matter the policy limits/deductible=Apparently since we admit 2 having a $1300/yr policy- It's
I vote that you suck.
Please DACA is illegal get rid of them. They could be citizens by now but don't love America trying to take it from inside. They need to go!
Maybe you & Repubs would support DACA if it was pronounced like Dachau
Let us tax payers vote on whether we want it or not
I think the American people should be able to vote on this and have to show id to vote
keep trying Mr President. You will get your way if you don't stop trying. My prayers are with you.
To many people here anyway! We don't cuts! We just need cut how many people who here as dreamer! Sorry dreamer!
No amnesty
Please someone answer me why do the DACA people not get citizenship. Legal citizenship not amnesty. They've been here long enough...
Since they entered the US "illegally" as children, ICE pretends they're not here, including those who have served in the US military.
Here's a thought the DACA of people that have joined the service should be put in front of the line for getting their citizenship...
it was all a SPEIL from the beginning... all about LEVERAGE!
READ https://goo.gl/U4EShb  
@realDonaldTrump  @antonioguterres @Chinagovt @antoniocostapm @JapanGov @NorthKoreaGov @ONU_es @EU_Commission
Please Mr. President No Amnesty at all, send them all back, a big mistake to give any of them amnesty
I know it good idea but I hope it not waste of money when we kick them out and we building build apt and houses and there going be vacate!
That would be waste of money! But I know it will be a good thing! They need to learn they can't come in our county for free!
When they came in United States to work they should of save a lot money to buy a green card!
Brasil
No DACA no welfare, healthcare, free college no nothing for illegals. They want to come here they can get legal and pay their own way.
your sick
Let these 'children' who have been given a free education at the taxpayers expense, go to their own co. and make it great! Replace dictators
Donald No Wall-No Daca-No Deal-Use Your Leverage-This is Fabulous Leverage. IF they want their Beloved Daca bad Enough&they Do, they'll sign
Can you sniff coke from my ass
We Texans want the WALL as our security FIRST.  Then deal with the rest.  A WALL Mr. President just as you promised.
Yes, Mr. President, let our citizens 'vote' on DACA. I can guess the outcome and it won't be good for the illegals. You were elected on this
Mr President, instead of a wall. Why not a steel chain link fence with razor wire all over it on both sides. Like in prisons.
Send them home. They are breaking our laws.  Americans don't get to break the law.  Democrats can not be trusted. We trusted you.
Good to see your back to your old self again SIR! I understand how your handling "congrets" Crazy like a fox! Haha! GREAT JOB! (imafan!)

.@NancyPelosi 
Watch this and ask why bother? 
She is a dope

Watch shaking @NancyPelosi try to talk with #DACA recipients

When you get out of your safe space blame …
Looking forward to seeing you in that new orange jumpsuit of yours. Will look good on you mr ex-pres.
That's right Mr.president Trump your doing more than any other president.

‘Visibly Shaken’ Pelosi Responds To Protesting DREAMers “Do You Want To Listen Or Just Shout?” https://www.waynedupree.com/visibly-shaken-pelosi-responds-protesting-dreamers-want-listen-just-shout/ … via @WayneDupreeShow
Schitzo idiot.
You cannot give amnesty to DACA. Allowing them to stay is fine but no citizenship unless they go through the regular process and quota.
the worst decision you cannot tell the good from the bad please send them all back then no one can confuse the message Can't save the world!
They're here illegally - Period! Stop pussyfooting around and END DACA already! #EndDACA

People should be blaming Obama, for letting all those eleagalls in to begin with.And the parents,
Make this country great again”, secure the border & build the wall first like you promissed.  We are behind you, so please fight for us.
Democrats can't be trusted President Trump.  You know that.  Their olive branch turns into a hickory stick the media beats you with
What losers to leave a meeting w/ u extending an olive branch & making inappropriate comments. Don't trust them.
WALL=NO
DACA=YES
Schumer and Pelosi are professional and compulsive lyars. You can count on this from them according to their past perf.
Nancy and Chuck term limits are over and both of them needs to leave congress.
Nancy and Chuck needs to be stopped force massive illegal immigration on the foreigners. Human trafficking illegal immigrants is a crime.
Make sure all companies in the USA areas stopped support foreign language selection. Only English in USA.
You are selling us down the river Mr. POTUS. NO, NO, NO .............. DACA cannot stay, what are you thinking. You are bowing to Obama.
Mr Trump, healthcare is a right not something that you use for blackmail! DACA those kids have rights just like your grand parents did here!
Once again, the pussy grabber in chief mangles the concept of consent.

Fake News is now pushing that you will accept Paris Accords. Why would you take that poison pill? Smells of Fakery afoot.
NO AMNESTY UNDER ANY CONDITIONS. Sure, they can stay, but no amnesty, no voting, no welfare or other benefits.
Mr. President,
Help our #DACA become US citizens,something @POTUS44 
"forgot" to do !! 
Gracias
If you cave on Daca dont bother running next term cause YOURE FIRED!
Amen
You have to give a little sometimes to get back what you want. Dreamers who are good for country stay but not illegal parents/grandparents
DACA needs to go, just let it go.
Mr. President- do not nominate McManus for an ambassador. He will stab you in the back.
#DEFENDDACA
If you cut down LEGAL immigration by 80% it will be easy to convince other to legalize Dreamers, and slowly, year after year,
NO!  NO!  Love you to pieces, but WALL first!  Don't trust Ds or Rs!!!
Foreigners do not need any funding from the government and Americans for seeking immigration.
YOU WERE WILLING TO GIVE UP THE WALL SO DACA COULD BE APPROVED.  THAT IS ANTI-AMERICAN.  LET IT GO.
Nancy and Chuck from Congress needs to be stopped force the massive illegal immigration.
Under immigration normally 1 person, couple and family all ready learn English and leave foreign language from old culture behind.
Right?...@ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
DACA causes to Taxpayers pay high taxes. DACA needs to end and never come back by political correctness.
DACA needs to end and other funding programs that causes smuggling and harbor massive numbers illegal immigrants.
there probably was, you just wanted to be the one to announce it
You said illegals must go. DACA was dead, why did you resurrect it.
It was not resurrected, you idiot. It was never dead. Resurrection implies bringing back to life. Cripes, you all in an alternate universe?
You need to do what we put you in office to do!! No deals with dems!! or turn coats Reps !!. No votes for you in 2020!!.
Build. The. Wall.
Oh please tell me you're not really for an ineffective, unnecessary wall??
No, I am for an awesome, tricked out, savage wall.
I could get down with that maybe. Can you do a sweet kickflip off it?!
You betcha.
#FakePresident
No Daca!
Just pure hate... that's all we need
let those who want illegals take them into their own homes feed them clothe them with no government assistance.
next time you get paid donate towards building the wall & ask for donations-then give tax credits to those who donated
Keep your campaign promise on DACA mr. President. Are you will face the wrath of your base and it won't be pretty. You will lose momentum.
Mr. Trump ALL illegals must be deported. DACA perhaps be allowed to apply for jobs in USA like any foreigner then can get VISAS to work here
Please no deal on DACA. Never trust Schumer or Pelosi. Been fighting for you since before you became President.
That's what I thought Chuck and Nancy talking s***
No Deal. Do not waiver.
You just say shit, don't you?
expect peloski and schumer both pedophiles in washington gov, to lie you will drain them from swamp
@potus NO to DACA amnesty. DACA are illegals. Focus on American citizen "dreamers" first. Border Security must be: WALL NOW
Flip. Flop. Gasp. Lie. Repeat.
spend your own money on that imaginary wall
With DACA, we need to agree to permanent residency only.   Citizenship only comes to those that immigrate legally!
Don't do deal on Daca that's not why I voted for u
Deals with Chuck and Nancy? They do not want America Great Again. Still trust you but be careful.
Keep working Mr President #MAGA
Please stick to it sir. Everytime we make a deal with liberals it is a disaster. We are right.
Forget #DACA, they can apply for citizenship like all other immigrations.... NO damn amnesty!
True that how things works in the US now days
No DACA!! Still need massive border control!!! Don't let the Libs change your mind!!!! We are counting on you!!
No on DACA!!! Still need massive border security!!

We want a WALL
QUIT WRITING FAKE NEWS AS YOU ARE THE ONE WHO ACCUSED EVERYONE ELSE!!!
Glad no deal.  Build wall first then talk DACA!   No amnesty for DACA!!
What do you call "Massive" Money talks bullsh*t walks! How do we know if the "bad hombres" are not paying their way in...hmmm!
Y  ridicule potus for wanting a wall people have yards with high fences to keep neighbours and onlookers  off of their properties
Just food for thought
They broke you. BROKE. #STUPIDPRESIDENT
May God guide you on your decisions
Haha!! Chuck and Nancy played you like a cheap trick!
Don't let the Democrats take control and they are up to no good as we all know. Its only about lining their pockets & nothing more with them
Perhaps a bona-fide exclusion policy which provides a suitable standard for the "real" dreamers ascension to citizenship?
100% behind President Trump #Americafirst #MAGA #GoCongressGo
DACA is a slap for those of us who went through the rigorous process of becoming legal
I have been behind Trump from day one!! Losing friends along the way!! But I'm getting very dissapointed with Trump starting to back down..
