.@realDonaldTrump HEY DUMBFUCK, YOU LEFT OUT THE ASIANS. #InaugurationDay

I will be remembering and celebrating the day you get IMPEACHED and put in prison
!!!!!!
good 
Yes and we know you will Make that happen! Loved your Speech!
Why do try to make yourself look better by putting others down?  Sad!
What? Where did this idea come from?
Someone please take his phone away!   
I thought you hated tweeting?
don't forget it's under God the people rule, for that to happen be in Christ. Apart from him we can do nothing @POTUS
"Brains are particularly ill-equipped to deal with lies when they come a constant stream" http://politi.co/2jGO87Y  @politico
...here, here...
Welcome Mr. President. May God guide you through the next four yrs. Making America great again starts now. Proud American
congratulations
I retweet everything Trump tweets. Unfollow him and follow me instead. He would hate that.
more like the day the Nation died.
Be nice to your staff! Don't pee on any beds in the White House. They don't want to clean that up.
I guess Putin counts as "people." Kind of. Not sure if anyone's checked.
Your speech was impeccable!!!  I am so proud of you!
WILL BE REMEMBERED AS THE DAY ALMOST ZERO PPL ATTENDED YOUR FUCKED UP INAUGURATION
he won though, didn't he!
no, he did not actually.  and you are the billionth person today to use that gif
@POTUS @fronafileccia A new and wonderful story is written from today for all America and the world. God Bless USA!
Thank you Dear Friend Raul Help us Celebrate our Blessings from God today,
Dear Friend Fronta: I am very happy for your happiness and for those who support President Trump!
thank you Dear Raul. We are at our best right now. Freedom and Honor  a Wonderful President
Do not be afraid of the rebels! ZERO tolerance with those who do not respect the constitution!
supprime.
I BEG you to listen to the people you serve. Please make this country a good place again.
it will be remembered as a challenge 4 the american people to take back the power given to a racist and misogynistic ruler
Amen and thank-you.
.@realDonaldTrump Actually, it's the day on which your corruption and stupidity were forced upon the American people.
you mean the day the people were embarrassed.
Thank you President TRUMP
People become rulers
Some become tools
#TrustTrump #TrumpAlwaysWins4US
#LetTrumpBeTrump
You mean you and your billionaire bankers, oil execs and pharmaceutical CEOs?
Educated, not bitter.
Yuge waste of time and money. Illegals from all countries overstay visa. Tiny % come via southern border.
oh really? Tou live close to the border? I do. You don't know what yer talking bout.
I live 20 miles from the border here in San Diego...and, we already have a secure border
Starting today it's gonna begin to be secure.
Getting it is good, holding it is a whole different story. Make laws that count, not feckless exitive orders, we want laws that stick.
SADLY the @GOP has not learned that lesson, they will be wiped out in 2018 and don't even seem to give a crap - SAD! @NRCC @WhiteHouse

As long as Sessions is in his position......... that might be impossible.
More like the day an illegitimate president who exploited hate and division with the help of Russia killed democracy.
I'm beginning to think that July 4th 2020 will mean something VERY different to what it does now...

We’re ready to help Mr President. Just ask.   
and that's why you signed Executive order to take away the peoples' healthcare?  oh hail the Fuhrer!
Clearly you did not hear what the executive order was about (reducing financial hardship)
he also ordered HUD to cancel the mortgage rate cut for new homeowner loans to hurt middle class.
HUD Loans aren't helping the middle class
it's gonna hurt the middle class, but is a gift to banks
Obama has been gutting the middle class the only thing that can bring it back is more middle class jobs
no, Republicans have been gutting the middle class with failed trickle down economics..
Wow you really bought that line didn't you

1-20/20 17
Now let us unite and make sure that it stays that way.
Yes, the day a multi-billionaire elite rules the American nation is the day 'the people' finally rule. Ho-hum.
Another crybaby snowflake butthurt tweet... Ho-Hum.
How dare I even suggest that a billionaire President might actual be the establishment.
It's perfectly fine to suggest... that doesn't make you any less stupid for believing it.
You're right, the rich man whose job is to run the establishment is incredibly anti-establishment. My mistake.
You're right, let's pull some random penniless simpleton off the street who has no knowledge of anything and put HIM in charge.
No, let's just pull some random, inexperienced reality star billionaire instead of an experienced politician.
There's nothing wrong with being wealthy per-se, but let's not pretend that the wealthy President represents anti-establishment.
Yes it will.
You tell them Nicolas Hernandez and President Trump!!!!!!
Jan 21 2009, the day freedom stopped/Jan 20 2017, the day freefom returned ...
@Thomas1774Paine @dbongino @seanhannity @nypost @FoxNews @dcexaminer @nytimes @CNN
why did you just cut FHA MIP reduction. You just cost me $900.00 a year Trump! I voted for you to help me not cost me more$
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump.There's more to come. My heart broke on Election Day. Yours will too through the next 4 years.
That's assuming we get another election or the earth is still habitable.
Vote Blue 2018 to make our planet great again! That's our only hope.
Dems aren't any better. They're bawt by spcl interests 2. Vote 4 only 3rd party candidates in midterms
you throw your vote away if you do. Learn from this. #VoteBlue2018
Ask urself what have Dems done 4 poor/middle class in last 20 years to help economically?
People haven't voted, fought gerrymandering  & voter suppression n midterms. If u believe it's corrupt run 4 office & fight 2 get dark$ out.
@DatTrumpUSA      Thanks to you Mr.President 
Funny.. I remember I "liked" this post. It turns out I didn't like it so I'll try again.
If that's the case why Congress is against the people and not for the people?, perhaps a revolt will be unavoidable in the near future.

Amen!!!
It's always good to see tweets like this over and over again.
you lost by 3 million votes tho
otherwords, those 3 cities control popular vote. Those 3 cities heavy democrat. Elsewhere not.
I'd bet we interact MORE as we have to travel beyond our small neighborhoods. I've know people that live in cities that never hardly leave their block their entire lives. There is more diversity in rural areas because we are less enclaved.
You'll pass by. We'll stop and talk, invite you over for dinner. And at the end of the evening we'll know each others life story. 
You'll not likely know your neighbors name.
Yep, I've lived in a big city. I've traveled over a large part if the world. I have friends that live in Thailand, Australia, Mexico, Canada and now Panama (and Bed Stuy - friend, plays in a band).
I have good friends all over this country as well.
Thanks to you.  
Today will be remembered as the worst day in American history. @realDonaldTrump
and I say this without a doubt in my mind.
you have a very sad life. Boy or girl I hope you never have children living a life so dark
Any boy or girl born or living under Trump will have an incredibly dark life.
what's your address I'll send you some bubble wrap to protect you the rest of your life
Save it for yourself - you'll need it after 1 year of pain from Trump...
There are more people protesting today than showed up to watch America die yesterday #NotMyPresident #Resist #TheResistance
he is your president get over yourself
do you live in the USA
so he is your president
I blocked that nut. No followers, probably a Russia-paid troll. Careful.
#PresidentTrump 'S speech couldn't have been better...and now HE has the phone and the pen! #MAGA
A man voted in by the American people, for the American people, and blessed by God! #winning #MAGA 
yeah--I can't wait until 20 million people don't have health insurance and start dying!  MAGA
Or the darkest day in recent history
Yep now you are going to have to get a job
He'll have to get three just to support himself under Trump...
at least there will be one! Hopefully not part time! Part time doesn't cut it!
really? Oil tycoons & Wall St bankers & Science idiots are running the show--the elite, not the people--#SelfServingBS
ill remember it as the day the coroner signed my sons death certificate .. one of the safest days in my life 12.16.16
what a laugh. Forgot to say "unless your not white or a woman"
January 20, 2017 will be remembered as the day Russia took over the USA without ever firing a shot. 

ILLEGITIMATE Trump.
@RealDonalDrumpf oh, we hope so. We have a leader to elect.
During the campaign, Obama told the immigrants to vote. They would not be checked. California??
it's always been a democracy bluhd u ok?
And the day the rest of the world went oh shit we're fucked. Oligarchy incoming .....
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.

all you have done is brought the business men who have corrupted our gov and gave them gov positions. Don't you get it?!
abolish the Federal Reserve?
You are mixing up people and profits
NO the BILLIONaires
REAL Americans and patriots would not trash our environment for political promises to oligarchs and Commies.
My son has serious mental issues.  Please remember members of our society who have a brain dysfunction.
You were brilliant today
Funny, I have never felt more disempowered.
#fakenews  #alternativefact
Support Potus 100 %.
@Potus is our best last chance to end the globalists' quest for war, destruction and chaos. This is the first real president the US has had since JFK
President Trump made a few promises during his campaign. A few promises about immigration and border security. Turns out he meant those promises.
Amen!
still nothing to be proud of!
I remember it as the downfall of our empire.
under a demagogue
u r d best
@nepafortrump Отличная фраза.,слова!!господин. Президент.США!!!Желаю.вам.всего.самого.хорошего!!!!!!
no this day is going to be the worst day in history. I just don't get what people were thinking. You are a joke. Quit
Minecraftcrazy530
or the apocalypse? agree to disagree.
can we (the rulers) keep the media like NPR around & get rid of the fake news that worked to your benefit in the election?
it's the day 3 million more people stood up and said YOU WILL NEVER BE MY PRESIDENT
If "people" means a tyrant and selection of cabinet choices lower quality than IKEA, you're right Mr. President!
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
Jan 20th will be remembered as the day Russia installed a sexual predator to U.S.'s highest office   #NotMyPresidentTrump
In reality how will this look? Keen to know.
Don’t you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?
and the day communism began in america
ItsDaWorldOfSNuGGLEZ
.@realDonaldTrump @bittybyte  Except the Native American people who you have disregarded by allowing the pipeline.THEY are  true Americans !
stop w/the sorry line that even the ppl there wanted & know the reasons
this is the first time in eight years, I can say " I am proud of my Country". Love me new President.
you are my favorite President I look forward to seeing and hearing you speak
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people went bat shit crazy and voted for an asshat for president 
u suk
Ve lo auguro! Intanto fate luce sull'abbattimento delle torri gemelle...CHI LE HA ABBATTUTE CON LA TERMITE?!
January 20th will be known as the end of our Democracy and the beginning of your FASCIST REGIME!
As our founding fathers envisioned - Patriots
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
Just because you have one doesn’t mean you need to act like one.
No #Russia and #Putinspuppet #NotMyPresident #WomenAreWatching
You couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat
Alternative fact! Correction: January 20th 2017 will be remembered as the day one man became the ruler of this oligarchy.
And also the day the president decided he was going to take the weekend off the day he got inaugurated. Lazy.
You arent a ruler, you are a damn dictator that lies to the people to make yourself look better than you are!
how so?
the world will never be the same
So a bunch  of old white billionaire Goldman Sachs cronies represent "the people?"
Let's see what you're really about Donnie. If you fail, only YOU is to blame not the left, media, or Obama. no one but YOU
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
. Democracy not a kingdom
We the People ate your boss. You answer to us. You should be fired.
Correct 
I look forward to the moment he realizes that the people who are ruling this nation include all who protested against him lol
to tweet more than Kim Kardashian! Go to work!
democracy died that day
History will record this day as the beginning of the end for democracy in America.
you are not of the people, most of your people have so many real life worries they don't have the luxury to be as self
then why are you there? The people voted against you, remember, you LOST the popular vote
“@realDonaldTrump: January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.” Yeah okay sure....
hi
It will be remembered for a racist, a sexual predator, a pathological liar and con-man soiling a once-great office....

I really like the side by side of him and Charles Manson lol
Trump Is the real deal.
Because more people voted for @HillaryClinton and yet she isn't president?
Sounds like a nazi to me....
or the day that democracy won by selling to the uneducated masses, while the intelligent and minorities are suppressed
outside the world of alternate facts, Jan2017 is remembered as the day we got a Troll @POTUS
I just stepped in something that was smarter than you… and smelled better too.
Or, for those of us who don't live in a golden palace of fictional info and narcissistic values...the end of freedom. #twit
Don't you mean Jan 20th 2017 was the day rich white people became the rulers of this nation again
Amen
you spelled Russia wrong. It's spelled R-u-s-s-i-a, not t-h-e p-e-o-p-l-e.
What courage you have. You are a super role model.
thanks for ruining my birthday
I do not have experience in tweet, I will sign only for following you my president!
You're off by one day- @womensmarch began January 21st. Other than that, spot on.
so show you tax returns!
Your followers eat you words, your haters dont, & the rest of us.. Americans. We are patient but wont be tolerant.
a great speech , our forefathers would of been proud !!
This is going down as one of the darkest days in American history if not the darkest!
I’m sorry, was I meant to be offended? The only thing offending me is your face.
PUPPET!
@the hill @DavidCornDC  So right! The People Indeed took back the reigns  on Saturday Woman  March 4M Humanitarians
Sorry trumpy that was Jan 21,2017 thank you
You know, your mom is a big liar. She said that she never makes the same mistake twice... then you brother was born
