If you visited me, I'll be happy too. Cause knowing their is a great chance, That I'm gonna get  some deep blows from you.
Try learning English like most of immigrants do. @realDonaldTrump
Hello Melania  I hope that you understand that the entire country loves you. You are very elegant and wonderful with people.
Democraps are such haters I don't believe anything they tweet ortheirfake news channels.
keep it all going just as classy as you are beautifull  !!! Lady Flotus , i want to see more of you inthe next years to come. love your style, class elegance and spirit .  please dont let the bullies bother you and block out those trashy mouths.
THANK YOU for your work & for STANDING WITH OUR POTUS.
Please inform the Saudi royal family we know about their funding of the 9/11 terrorists while they were living  in Florida. Also, please inform your husband of this same info and advise him to stop selling them billions of dollars in weapons. Thank you.
In the words of fox news when obama and joe biden went to a school "THEY'RE INDOCTRINATING THE CHILDREN"
So beautiful flotus is
Nice
You are so stunning and intelligent . You are a wonderful Flotus. Thank you for caring.
Nice job
I freaking love the Trump family
Very remarkable thumbs down to the one who said u look unhappy to me u were probably thinking abt those kids great job!!!
, Your a robot.
Es hat niemals eine würdigere und schönere First Lady gegeben.!!!


THEY R. FOR THE RICH ONLY, HAS HE NOT TRIED TO CUT OUT INSURANCE FOR THE YOUNG AND OLD, THAT HELPS TOP 1% OF SUPER RICH, WON'T CREATE JOBS.
Only creates more freaking greed, I pay enough damn taxes.
Beautiful & classy @FLOTUS. Stay strong & safe! Take great care of @POTUS ! 
...I wonder who she plagiarized that quote from?
Was thinking the same thing.
Yea right you probably don't even have a wonderful time with your own son.
A @FLOTUS who truly cares
Very happy to have voted for the greatest first family in modern U.S. History
In the last week alone  #SpecialCounsel
Delusional
Even as a #SpecialCounsel is appointed to investigate Trump's criminality you still defend him #disgrace
No crime. No criminality

Everything stems from rumors these days. Liberals have lost their minds. They are evil fighting what is good
Leave. Resign. Avoid impeachment. #TrumpRussia #TrumpShouldResign #Resist #Impeach45
We all support you , make America great again 
Fake Lady Of The United States
Are you a fake Spaniard?
No, just like the climate.
Whoosh. There it goes, right over your head. MAGA
Exactly: Make America Grotesque Again
Again WHOOSH!!
Erica- I hope you enjoy the bread line when you lose your job and healthcare while watching the rich get richer! #youvebeenconned
Your doing great Sir, keep up the great work, bless you guys and keep you safe, GO TRUMP!
That's great.
You are a lovely person inside and out!  Hope you have a wonderful stay!
@FLOTUS I agree!!! I have NEVER BEEN SO #PROUD of a #FristLady & #FirstFamily You are a QUEEN! Beautiful inside & out!
Why are you proud of melania? Is it because she walks behind me and sets back #WomensRights 100 years?
Nope. Its because she makes her own decisions. Like what her son needs. If she wants to model and how.
"WE THE PEOPLE knew #TRUMP is a peacemaker! #MAGA @POTUS and @FLOTUS we are PROUD of you!"

@realDonaldTrump 
@MELANIATRUMP

BS
Not BS, run the numbers. Between AHCA & proposed tax plan the only ones getting a real cut are the top 1%. Cost of AHCA negates any tax cut.
I am considered "working poor" in California and new tax plan I save almost 2k year. I could sure use that $
How are they going to boost military spending, rebuild infrastructure and build the wall with alot less money coming in? Economic 101.
Don't worry you little scarf covered scaredy-cat face over it. Quite sure you wouldn't understand
Trust me lady i done alot more publically for the people then you ever have. Want me to show everyone your "accomplishments"?

I am so proud to call you my first lady
Why? What has she done?
Why are you proud of melania? Is it because she walks behind me and sets back #WomensRights 100 years?
or is it her nude photos that desecrate women and reinforce the notion that women are sex objects?
As always, you looked gorgeous....enjoy the trip.
Like this? No, this looney left cry fest is good to see. #maga baby
So funny! That idiot just wanted liberal media attention. Grow up!
You make all real Americans proud!!!!
Funny how Trump criticized other women for not wearing hair coverings when visiting Saudi Arabia & he allows his wife & daughter to go w/o.
Plastic ~
Will you be teaching them English spelling?
How about a twitter account that compares body language between the Obamas and the #illegitimatePresident and his current wife.
#nightandday
You are a great reflection of our country. Keep up the excellent work!!!
Fantastic
#TrumpRussia #KremlinGate #SpecialCounsel #Impeach45 #Resist  #ComeyMemo #TrumpLeaks
#TrumpRussia #KremlinGate #SpecialCounsel #Impeach45 #Resist  #ComeyMemo #TrumpLeaks
#TrumpRussia #KremlinGate #SpecialCounsel #Impeach45 #Resist  #ComeyMemo #TrumpLeaks
Did they teach you anything?
Gorgeous, wordly & kind! Five languages.. that's impressive!  We are cheering & praying back home! #MAGA  #SaudiSummit
I enjoyed the part where he bowed down to the saudis
I saw it and no he did not bow lol. Unlike others who have.
He curtsied!
Lol nope! He is a tall man!
So extremely proud of our First Lady Melania Trump. She is so kind,warm and friendly to all the children in Saudi Arabia. A gracious FLOTUS.
Why are you proud of melania? Is it because she walks behind me and sets back #WomensRights 100 years?
Your smile shows your heart is real...Jesus knows your heart and He is listening the beatings, rest on Him.
She is an ex model! She smiles professional. Don't let her fool you, please
Asking my supporters not to be fooled... is like asking water not to be wet.
God Bless you Milania! Show Arabs how powerful USA women are! Love begets an inner beauty and intelligence their women can never know!
How will melania show how powerful American women are? By walking behind me and setting back #WomensRights 100 years?
or is it her nude photos that desecrate women and reinforce the notion that women are sex objects?
Love you First Lady Melania! We're very proud of you and your family!

Look how disrespectful....shameful and disgraceful!
Disrespectful?
Disgraceful?
Disgraceful & Shameful....wishful thinking?
Melania is so smart and classy, she can say "me love you long time" in 5 languages
Jag tror inte heller att hon kan 5 språk. Troligen som du skriver så kan hon några fraser. Knappt engelska
Min svenska I inte bra.
Google translateAnyhow I agree with you, Melania does not speak 5 languages fluently!
We are praying for you @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica

THIS Is What a Role Model looks like Michelle. So Proud of Our Beautiful Loving #FLOTUS 
Did they ask about your husband's treasonous activities with the Russians?
No. They were busy with REALITY and not gossip, innuendo, malicious press machinations and hateful obstructionists.
Totes,  but back to Joe's original question. The #Russians, Donald? Oh and the treason, there's defiantly all that #Treason 
All the people who have actually been involved in investigation since July say no evidence of collusion found to date. Hmmmmm
Because he keeps firing all them.
Comey got fired and nothing stopped as per FBI testimony
True but it doesn't look good for him.
Now they may not like what else comes from it either.
Jeremiah 29:11
For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, says the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give you [1/2]
a future and a hope. [2/2]
one nation under trump. God bless trump.

So proud of our POTUS!
Mr. Trump just delivered another great speech. #MAGA
Hitler was a wonderful speaker.
Obozo was a great speaker and a wimp.
Love the first lady she has the greatest the classiest and the most elegant first lady we've ever had
عالی
Love  our beautiful  1st Lady ,100% Lady!! 
Your a WONDERFUL  first lady .Keep up the good work.
too bad she is being stomped all over by her husband !!!!!
Only a good time raping them too
Great job
We have the best looking first lady ever, and very smart. Wow she is the total package!
U the lady for that
Im guessing stormy sisnt go with you
Thot
عجب کونی داری ملانیاترامپ وای خوشبحال ترامپ که هرشب به کونت میزاره
Wonderful First Lady Very Proud of Mrs, Trump America First!
Because she's done so much and is such an active part of the WH?
Who came here illegally posed nude multiple times and is the third wife of the man who is a known cheater.
As soon as she entered our country she became a US citizen. Your watching too much fake news!
FO
Lmao they understand your English well ?
of course we understand mmm thats rude
Q
Thank you First Lady. We are so proud of you. You're representing  OUR COUNTRY Like No other First Lady since Jackie O. @FoxNews @cnnbrk
Why are you proud of melania? Is it because she walks behind me and sets back #WomensRights 100 years?
or is it her nude photos that desecrate women and reinforce the notion that women are sex objects?
Thank you @Flotus for your graciousness and you make us proud 
Why does melania make you proud? Is it because she walks behind me and sets back #WomensRights 100 years?
or is it her nude photos that desecrate women and reinforce the notion that women are sex objects?
jealousy will turn you green
. Our First Lady is a great role model.  Bless you First Lady. We love you . 
You'll never hear a Liberal say kind words about our First Lady! How much did Michelle Obama spend on all of the vacations she took?
Whatever it was, it doesn't come close to what has been spent on her and her son to stay in NY.
You are clueless Char!
Do some research Catherine
So happy to you represent our Country.  You and @realDonaldTrump are doing everything to make us all better as a country  and I know we appreciate it.  Your a wonderful role model and First Lady.  Just know I will always support you both as our leaders.  Your doing a great job!
@FLOTUS @POTUS  thank YOU for representing America abroad in a way that makes #trueAmericans proud!
Thank you for being so gracious and kind.  We are all very proud you are the first lady and you have gained the respect of the world.
Why are you proud of melania? Is it the way she walks behind me and sets back #WomensRights 100 years?
or is it her nude photos that desecrate women and reinforce the notion that women are sex objects?
phoney
Fantastic
Our First Lady is beautiful and kind.  Thank you Melania for everything.
I bet you did
She is the best we could ever aspire to be.She is graceful, kind, honest, and devoted to the truth of our Lord. She is beautiful inside out.
Wow. You wore clothes.
Thank you for bringing class back to the White House First Lady Trump!  #Classy
and the Dems want American children to die for their politics #SchumerShutdown
Wow, I NEVER saw you smile before!
BE CAREFUL,  ERNIE KOVACKS STANDS BEHIND MELANNIA. SO YOU ARE THE REASON THAT DONALD HAS REACHED SUCH ACUMEN. GIVE @EricTrump A BREAK. LOVE
Proud of our First Lady
Nice pic
You are beautiful inside and out #maga
if only your husband had half the brain those kids have...whats the matter with u people??
You look happy... it's so wonderful to be with the children! 

You are beautiful and a great First Lady!!!


Appoint a Special Prosecutor to investigate the murder of Seth Rich, the alleged Wikileaks email leaker https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/appoint-special-prosecutor-investigate-murder-seth-rich-alleged-wikileaks-email-leaker …
Why visit a school thats funding is going to be cut off from her husband?
First Lady,i can only reach you through this Twitter medium,pls may I text my bank acnt no.to you ma,or will you give me a job in US pls?..
This is good

Our FLOTUS is extremely beautiful both inside and out! She's graceful, charming, very intelligent, interested, courageous & just plain nice!
U guys bff's or something? How do u know any of that? I know nthg about her--good or bad.
#RussiaOwnsTrumpFamily
All the LOVE !!!!! Donald is bringing my girl Sandie to me, we're going to have a BIG lunch then to all the protesting vilence rallies to sa
Hello how are you Sandra Jones
Leave him. You only smile without him. @realDonaldTrump is a domestic terrorist

http://gf.me/u/jgzei 
Gorgeous Melania....inside and out
Why don't you hold your husbands hand?? He is such an honorable guy.im sure you can be replaced by a new eastern euro gal.
Skank
Привет
WHAAT! NOT SHOWING YOUR BOOBS THIS TIME?
@realDonaldTrump this is such a smart and beautiful woman. Hope I look that good at her age.
People, this is about a wonderful day the First Lady had with children. Your hateful remarks are irrelevant to the story.
Please tell your husband to stop the abuse of our wildlife. Ban hunting dogs and steel traps and snairs.


Why ?
Mrs, Trump. It is with great pleasure to tell you, that it's about time that there is class in the white house again. Thank you.
#lovelyFirstLady
nice thankyou
May GOD Bless you & your family; I pray for POTUS Donald Trump & ALL of you who WANT to help: "Make America Great"!
How your your in Saudia Arabia
Maybe you should attend.
Guess  being a advocate against cyber bullying is out being that your husband the so called POTUS is a serial offender
You're doing a great job don't pay attention to the wackadoos
Go back to your golden toilet princess.
Why is the Media not reporting on the good our first lady is accomplishments
Because she has not done anything?
Dear Mrs. Melania Trump, I am so proud of you and your entire family! You have shown that the first lady has class, and grace, and love! yea

You seem like you could be a nice person. Divorce @realDonaldTrump and spill his secrets in court.
Your beautiful even thou I didn't vote for your husband I do indeed say you are a wonderful First Lady
Thank you for being a FLOTUS we can admire.
Your husband is a TRAITOR. Nothing you do henceforth will change that.  Go away and hide. The Trump family is DONE.
Is she gonna pose naked again or what?
Were they teaching you how to speak english and how to write?
Hateful people... go away
Now this is first lady possesses style without any jewelry from one of the houses great great and old Metallurgy and stone cutting, you know what I mean I just don't want to because I think beautiful people need. Glitter and glamour other than the light shines from them.
Anytime Melania is away from the orange fascist is a wonderful time
Wonderful woman, with a great heart. Mr. Trump, let at she do her work by herself
Run, Melania...RUN!!!

When are you going to begin your anti-cyber bullying campaign? #holdingmybreath
You really hate him, don't you? It kind of shows.
melania's peer group
She hates you man...the only reason she is probably by your side is cause she is a gold digger, her house in NY is for her side guy and her
Such a wonderful First Lady!
Thank you for representing the USA so graciously ~ so proud of you FLOTUS!
Melania Trump good View this Images  students at the American International School

Your husband is openly against you lol how are you qualified to be anywhere near an educational institute?
@realDonaldTrump hello from #Norway please do something about this!
Please do anything at all besides stealing money from sick American children. Jesus.
Children need attention! You just used them to get attention.
I think your the most beautiful 1st Lay there Has  ever been ... and Thank you
U DO A FANTASTIC JOB AS FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES GOD BLESS U AND PRES. TRUMP FOR ALL THAT U R DOING....
Melania..just a note..if you brush away "The Donald's" hand again..his next foreign trip will include looking for his next wife..
