Yeah… you're about as committed to our environment as your are to your businesses buying American.
Also, I cannot believe you'd tweet something like this, especially on Earth Day. Jobs don't matter if our planet is destroyed.
Tell the people in Flint, Michigan that jobs matter more than their clean water. I dare you.
Also, when are you going to officially denounce science & mock their marches & protests today? They're all bigger than your rallies lol
& if the only metric you're trying to improve is job growth, then you are failing BIGLY. March job growth plummeted a whopping 50% under you
…so despite you ruining our environment & mocking Earth Day, you're still failing at your one, single objective.
Your "Buy American" executive order is a complete joke. Completely useless—all talk, no action (per usual).
There's literally nothing else I can say here except that you're a complete moron. Anyone who believes this must have failed science class.
Are you actually tweeting this on Earth Day?
I'm expecting you on Memorial Day to say something ridiculous about the armed forces
On arbor day, you should cut down a tree just to make a point
Maybe on veterans day, @donaldtrumpjr should wear a T-shirt with your comments about John McCain
I'm totally serious in asking this question. Are you drunk tweeting @realDonaldTrump ? I know you claim not to drink, but come on!
Do you have a job Roland?
It's Saturday, John
"It's Saturday, John" is how I plan to answer silly questions from now on.
"I am committed to keeping our air and water clean, and also scrapped a rule that stopped coal companies from dumping in drinking water."
"I am committed to keeping our air and water clean, and also my border wall will be catastrophic to hundreds of native animal species."
"I am committed to keeping our air and water clean, and also want to pull the United States from the Paris Agreement."
"I am committed to keeping our air and water clean, and also hired an EPA head who has sued the agency multiple times."
"I am committed to keeping our air and water clean, and also allow pesticides that may cause brain damage in children."
"I am committed to keeping our air and water clean, and also am rescinding the Clean Power Plan which stops pollution of air and water."
committed (adjective):
feeling dedication and loyalty to a cause, activity, or job; wholeheartedly dedicated.
Saw "I am committed" & thought DJT finally in the asylum. Then just realized it was another SCROTUS tweetfuck 2 America!
What exactly is the correlation between economic growth and environmental protection? Care to share the evidence that supports this claim?
Also, wasn't it abuses by certain industries that led to the environmental movement in the first place? #rhetoricalquestion
While I agree "jobs matter," I'm not sure why the message of #EarthDay had to be muddled w/ this tweet.
On Labor Day, will you be reminding us that to work we need clean air and water? I just want to make sure the correlation carries through.
He has evidence. He has it filed away with his tax returns.
And his plan to defeat ISIS.
You are committed to destroying our environment!
#earthday
#ScienceMarch
You continue to sign orders to remove environmental protections in order to help your rich friends. #earthday #ScienceMarch
If you are committed to saving the planet then explain why you elect to support big oil over solar and wind energy! #marchforscience
It's because GOP has sold their soul to Big Oil They have received millions in bribes to do BIG OIL BIDDING!
The dems also sold soul to big oil. Both parties are corrupt.
In that case the dumbest possible thing you can do is to ramp up coal production, which is what you're doing, instead of growing green jobs.
And if you think all economic growth enhances the environment, you may not be using the same definition of "enhance" that the rest of us are
I have kids to feed.  I am also smart enough to know that they need safe water and air to go along with their food.
Not waiting. I teach!
There are coal mines in Detroit?
but I thought climate change was a hoax manufactured by the Chinese?


Since when do you care about the environment we live in :(
He always has, it's just you were brainwashed by the MSM to believe that he wasn't!
How can you type that with a straight face. Name one thing he has done to protect the environment thus far. Seriously.
Explain how he has hurt It? Besides the MSM claims that cutting funding to the EPA kills the planet? We can save the planet without funds!!
No, you can't. 1. Coal runoff into streams 2. National Park land risk  3. Allowing dangerous pesticides for Dow profits
You're allowing companies to dump all their sludge in the waterways, You have put a known EPA hater in charge of the EPA. Yep! i'm hopefully



Well at-least we will no longer feel the need to worry about the beautiful environment, it will be in ashes soon enough
Agree? or Disagree? All are welcome to comment either way.
From Class to Trash in just 3 months.
From a constitutional scholar to someone who has never even read the constitution.
Not when companies grow by cutting corners and polluting.
And cutting jobs because they find ways to profit more by removing people and adding robots.
I think a robot could do a way better job than Trump. We could get a Roomba to replace Trump.
It sounds like the problem with politics, policies and protection agencies is that people can be bought... and we pay the ultimate price.
It's either the syphilis flaring up again or another installment of "SCROTUS tweetfucks America".
And poor @realDonaldTrump Again, crowd size for the march today bigger than inauguration 
But if we allow unfettered pollution to create jobs, what good are the jobs?

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
Right where you're implying...lol
That's why you gutted the EPA.
And why you're letting companies freely pollute streams.
And why you approved the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines.
Is this a parody account because that's the exact opposite of what you're doing.
You really should change your My Space "sexy" selfie.
You think I'm sexy, Cary? Thanks, babe.
Make out already!
Thank you mr. President I knew you would you've been keeping your word about everything

Uh, no... #ActuallyNot 

We got him! Bike lock guy. This loser smashed one of our people with a bike lock then scurried off like a rat. 

Keep the earth clean. 

It isn't Uranus. #EarthDay 

When we put two or three more justices on the Supreme Court you won't think you're so funny you'll be crying the blues for sure
https://twitter.com/marklatelle8/status/851926220098994176 …
https://twitter.com/PamelaGeller/status/855486337188638720 …

Well look at that! She is a woman and she is black. I thought Trump hated women and is racist?  Surgeon General #SaturdayMorning 
Reality check: 

There are MORE THAN TWICE AS MANY workers in the solar industry than than coal industry. 

Solar is clean. Renewable.
More people work at Arbys than work in coal.  Fact.

Funny, in my undergrad and graduate economic degree studies we never talked about that correlation. (Hint: because there isn't one.)
Rich countries get cleaner and safer. They have more money to sp4endon quality of life issues instead of basic necessities.
Highly recommend you watch this and then reasses your comment.
That 'but' is like the 'but' in 'I'm not racist, but...'
"I dont mean this in a bad way, but ..."
Or "with all due respect..." (Says thing with zero respects

Environment will always Trump economic growth.
No, economic growth is.
Economic growth can happen anywhere. When you're living in a shack, environment comes after personal growth.
Income won't matter if the air isn't breathable, water isn't drinkable, plants and animals are dying, and the earth's temperature is rising.
no matter how much we (as humans) fuck this up, Earth wins. Might as well side with Earth.
Agreed. It's amazing how shortsighted some people can be.
So what you are saying you don't care about pollution or Flint's water...but JOBS! And last month's 98k jobs was a year low.
That's funny when he actually did something about the water in Flint when Obama had a full term left and didn't do shit to help then
"Economic growth enhances protection"? Please. Regulation of industry does that. Regulations you have undone. The truth matters.
That's contrary to my understanding. POTUS eliminated protections - not redundancies. If you have a news source I would be glad to read it.
Trump to roll back Obama's climate, water rules through executive action
I'll be honest with you - when someone tells me to "use my head" I find it hostile - and a bit absurd. "Over regulation" is what now?
Hey, you know what also enhances environmental protection? An agency devoted to environmental protection. We should have one of those!
Genius! But what would we call it?
How about the Agency for Protecting the Environment? We'd call it APE! It could have a gorilla as a mascot! I like gorillas!
The response to a less-than-best-effective EPA should not be to eliminate it, along with eliminating all regulations.
So the logical response is to trash it, and have nothing to replace it? No regulations at all?
The president pledged to eliminate the EPA altogether in his campaign. Budget is consistent with that goal.
“Economic growth enhances environmental protection?”

Really? How? Be specific. 

This makes no sense. ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE.
Bullshit rhetoric
Where is the proof of that theory?  Economic growth has ZERO correlation with environmental protection.
Facts don't matter, he just says stuff & sees what sticks
You’re allowing coal companies to dump waste into America’s streams. 

How does this keep our water clean?
Could you please provide evidence that economic growth leads to greater environmental protection? Any evidence at all? #TruthMatters
And to add to Dave's question, can you explain how saving the environment is detrimental  to economic growth?
Empty words. Lip service. The only jobs you've created are the jobs you gave your family.
So full of crap !!! Wake up !!!
Well argued there Ken. Care to expand on this insightful point?
You are quite literally the dumbest mother fucker on the planet.

"Economic growth enhances environmental protection", in the way that farting enhances a first date.
Jobs do not matter if you do not have a f***ing planet to work on!
You're committed to whatever makes you and your family money.  Don't give us "I care" bull shit.  We see who you really are . #Trumprussia
Your friend looks like an Isis member.
Actually it's friends.  That's the plural of friend meaning more than one
I meant the guy on the left shit brake
Look out the window. You'll see another large crowd today that's bigger than your inauguration.
Don't like it? Move away from this country! If you think you can find a better one, get out of here!
Hm, no. I'll wait for Trump to be charged with the treason he committed, thanks.
They us to move away so they can remake USA into Dumbfuckistan. The MAGA is a front for it. Won't work if intelligent life still lives here.
Yes, industry is great at self-regulation. That's what 2007-09 taught us.
No it doesn't. Economic growth has nothing to do with environmental protection. Go back to the golf course where you can't hurt anyone.
You blow. hard.
I would agree, but his lung capacity is being used to spew massive amounts of bullshit. Not much room for blowing.
Bruh we won't have jobs if we don't have a planet lmao
Yeah, I guess you're right. Environmental processes are completely unknowable and we should just give up... Oh wait, no, we have science.
If you meant this, you'd be focusing on the more economically AND environmentally friendly field of green energy.
It's not "either-or." Tons of jobs to be created in clean energy and tech.
i hope the earth opens up and swallows you whole.
TBH he's not actually a good bullshitter.
The environment is not safe if greedy capitalists like you want to profit from exploiting or poisoning it.
can we have our phones back so you can stop tweeting nonsense?
Working people made the phones in today’s society. Parasitic capitalists just controlled and exploited them for profit.
so you want to take away their jobs then? Eek not sure they'd like that.
No we want to take away their enslavement. http://www.worldsocialism.org/spgb/socialist-standard/2010s/2010/no-1269-may-2010/are-you-wage-slave …
@ShaunKing @benshapiro pretty sure fake black people and conservatives would take issue with this insensitively racist comment
Coal? Stop lying to adults. What about clean energy? Ur insane. UK just had first day 100% *off* coal! Who doubles down on _COAL_ in 2017?
But...
Are you insane?  I think so.  #Trumprussia
You're all tweets and no action on the environment. Very low energy. Sad.
The "oooh, I forgot to tweet something about Earth day (that previous one was clearly by staff) so I shit this nonsense out quick" tweet
Unlike healthcare, there's nothing complicated about environment.  You screw it and it grabs you by the balls and throw you out.
You're such an unprecedented disgrace to our country that your vile (but surely brief) reign of corrupt madness will be studied for decades.
So it's OK to sacrifice clean air & water for Jobs, Is tht your point? Profits b4 Ppls health, what hpns whn workers to ill to work, Fire'm?
Fact is that the planet is cleaner than it was a century ago.  The poorest nations are also the most polluted.
Don't see what that has to do w deregulation that allows rivers to be polluted for profits. Cleaner now because regulations were in Place
It wasn't the regulations that created a cleaner environment, it was the economic growth that made better controls affordable.
If tht were true World wld've already ditched fossil fuels for renewables. Currently fastest growing industry World wide.
Wind turbines kill birds and bats by the million, solar panels & batteries are filthy to produce.
@potus with respect. Yes, jobs matter but always remember so does Mother Earth. So why not create more jobs in #renewableenergy ?
Oil workers, coal miners... they're skills can be utilized in the #renewableenergy sector & we can save the planet for 7 generations ahead
They're not opposites. You can do both. It's not a zero-sum game. Protect the economy AND the environment. You're the president, remember?
The president, not the king.
Go on...what does that mean? He can't promote both? He's actively dismantling EPA protections...
Cutting isn't the same as dismantling.
Sometimes, yes. In this case I stand by my description.
By all accounts of climate change advocates the epa is a complete failure and corrupt. Why keep it as it is?
This is a long answer that deviates from our original point. Trump can do both. He's setting them up as opposites. That's worrisome.
So the only way to make them compatible is to b throw billions in good money after bad? That seems..... catch-22 to put it politely.
It's the other way around
Simply cannot find a good low-carb pasta substitute. Just not there.
I use barrila protein plus. Its still has carbs -38g but it has good fiber at 4g which offsets. Its ok for south beach diet. Just go easy
Excellent info. Of course the 'just goin easy ' is the hard part!
If you cared about jobs, you'd look at all the available work in sustainable energies and quit having a boner for coal! #fucktrump
You are as committed to America and our environment as much as you are your trophy wife...... Resign now. #notmypresident
Forget about the last 100 days. We have 1361 till our 2nd term a lot of time to straighten out the democrats poops
Herein is the difference between wise stewardship from conservatism and dogmatism from the left.
How about hemp for farmer AND construction JOBS & legalizing  marijuana while SAVING OUR CHILDERNS lives  from seizures AND CREATING JOBS!
Win Win situation...If your Child or Grandchild needed this help you would def feel different Mr Trump and JR Trump
Sheriff Clark is right we need not to be Slient
if there is no air or water, there are NO jobs
Thank you
Politicians spend millions on research which leads to more?'S or find ways to work it out but dont actions r where they drop the ball
Thank you Mr. President! God bless you
END #GeoEngineering in that case.
Yes .. jobs matter! And that's why the 83 consecutive months of job growth has ended? Another good Obama thing you had to ruin?
But global warming is fake?
breathing matters!
100% True.
We do not believe a word u say! Only ur paid voter's support you
@realDonaldTrump - I assume that you have driven down the NJ tnpk at some point - does that smell like environmental protection to you?
So what about the water supply that  you allowed to be contaminated after you sent in the police with tear gas to clear the peaceful protest
Wind jobs, hydro jobs, desalination jobs, solor jobs, manufacturing jobs to produce clean water, hydro, solar & wind energy. Great idea
Exactly EPA has too much clout. Gold dredging in Ca to help economy and remove the mercury from water gold attached mercury its a win win
Please STOP the "Chem trail" planes! The sky is filled w lines becoming haze!
NO BLUE SKY! Something is very wrong! DJT
This is the stupidest thing ever. You could care less about our air and water. And this won't bring back jobs that are lost to automation.
Only growth in clean energy #NotPipelines #WaterProtectors #AmericasWater #NoDAPL #NoMining #NotHavingIt #LeaveAmericasNaturalResourcesAlone
SO DOES THE EPA!!!!!!!
You say this but to you global warming is fake..

I will try to remember that it's all about money as I drink lead and breathe coal soot! Regulations=bad Corporate Profits=good
Only if the jobs do not destroy the environment. Choose Wisely!

hahahaha trump
Jobs can be replaced, our planet can't
Clueless idiocy.  There just aren't words, especially within your vocabulary confines.  #illegitimate #ruiningAmerica
Let's shut down our coal energy plants, FRAK the hell out of our country for natural gas.  Slightly cleaner air, poisoned water!! Right.
A[wd
our air will be cleaner with chemical trails gone... With dangerous herbicides/pesticides gone. Help our planet our people.
So do scientific facts like climate change
You are so right,Mr President,God already put things in place,to replenish his earth,All these people who care so much about this earth,do not ride on a horses back,as their transportation.Snow flakes/Al GOOR.
With all the leaking pipelines our WATER will have OIL in it. We can't drink OIL
please get rid if the IRS!  MY ONLY REQUEST!! "
you can start with the clean air agenda by stopping your weekly jaunts to Florida in AF One.
Strip Mining has done noting to enhance the environment or it's protection
Jobs don't matter when you destroy the earth... #resist  #worstpresidentever
. @realDonaldTrump I'm pretty sure it's the other way around.
Environment killing #cyberbully
Economic growth and jobs will disappear as our planet dies. Our children will have to worry about survival of our species. Don't you care?
@jmdonsi we trust you
Environmental protection advances economic growth
Allowing coal waste to be dumped in our streams reall enhances their cleanliness! Do you have this confused with charcoal filtering?
Could you please explain to me how that line of reasoning follows? Thank you. I eagerly await your reply.
. . as do many others who are doing so much to discover ways to protect Americans, real ways. Don't cut EPA & scientific funding.
It puts people out of work & citizens in harms way!
Well then tell these clean air protesters to clean their garbage up
Remember greed TRUMPS all
economic growth,  jobs and progress allow us to create technologies to protect the environment.
These people are given money monthly that should be spent on food and necessities. However if seen it personally cash in the food stamp $
climate control is just one big scam to raise taxes and scare people into paying, UK used to have vineyards b4 automobiles
You can't eat, drink or breath money Mr. President.  Your lack of knowledge and denial of science is disgusting, and a threat to the US!
No it doesn't. Coal isn't clean and jobs won't matter when we're fighting for clean water.
AIR and WATER are basic human needs. Think of your grandchildren.  Very bad for them if they have polluted air to breath and H20 to drink
No jobs on a dead planet. 
Economic growth ehances environmental protection????????
Is that trump
#hacked 
WRONG!
Unfettered corporate greed demolishes the environment. As if the majority of US corporations cared about caring for the environment.
true, very true
#YOULIE
Or the rest of the world. What good does money do you if you aren't alive to spend it? I hope you look in the mirror one day and are fully
Except for, the entire history of industry. Minus that though, totally.
I think you are lying... rolling back #regulations speaks to the contrary.
This would be true if you valued jobs in clean energy- you don't. So this tweet, like so many others, is nonsensical words strung together
Why did u sign a executive order allowing coal fly ash to be allowed to flow into our rivers then
Yep...just look how great the air quality is in China.  Winning.
More like a payoff to your slob supporters. Jobs for slobs!
I totally agree
Liar
Your appointments and polices contradict this statement.
No to the Paris climate accord.  Please keep your promise and get us out.

Correct in every way. No point in having clean air if nobody can go on a holiday to enjoy it? Jobs create wealth and tax $$$ for clean air.
This may be the biggest load of bull you have ever tweeted, and you tweet a lot! Renewable energy is the only way this statement is true
We got duped. Get ready for the Trump world order. New boss same as the old boss.
Include our wild horses in environmental protection! They're being slaughtered for "economic growth"!
You can create a lot of jobs cleaning up oil spills hazardous waste and respirator sales should go up
pease prosperity progress
how does economic growth enhance environmental protection? Tremendously misleading alternative facts! Bad
If eco growth enhances environmental protection, why are there problems with pollution in major manufacturing cities? #Environmentmatters
Always remember, we cant eat money
Another false statement from POTUS.  Stop treating Americans like we can't see though you. You are an exploiter of our world.
Breathing kind of matters too.
Can you explain to me how this occurs?
what about Flint? Oh, sorry, not white enough.
No, you are committed to making money. Please, don't ACT as if our environment is of utmost importance! As the folks of Standing Rock!
How? Your comment doesn't even make sense. Just because people get jobs and make body doesn't keep the air and water clean.
Make money
Find the balance. Never put profit over land.  Land is life. Our land is our greatest resource. 
Too many corporations want to abuse it
Trump Wants to Slash Funding for a National Parks System that Employs Over 300,000 http://labor411.org/411-blog/1515-trump-wants-to-slash-funding-for-a-national-parks-system-that-employs-over-300-000 … @Labor411  @SecretaryZinke
State your evidence. Going to need to see the data.
PSYCHO. Your only commitment is is to make companies make the rules to make themselves richer and workers poorer and poor.
well said Mr president
No it doesn't. How stupid.
I can tell how committed you are by who you have appointed to run the EPA. You have proven that u r committed to make money for your empire!
uve turned ur back on us
hiii,pls I failed to help
*industrial revolution intensifies*
Really committed? Keep the EPA or stop lying
#Resist Carpetbaggers
Build new coal powerplants, creates ks of jobs
Another lie. Protect environment first! If it's not we won't have to worry about economics because every one will be dead. Scam artist
Embarrassed at the person you are. Worthless....
BS
You allways twist things, it is very inbecomming!
