









3 Years, 5 Months, 23 Days, 21 Hours, 51 Minutes, and 1 Second
Until my SECOND term!
There will be no second term. YOu will be lucky to make it through the year.
He's in debt sweet heart try again
Look up the problem with his swedish bank accounts

@BarackObama was the greatest black POTUS ever!!!!
Recognizes?? or is this a chance to talk about yourself and your buddies sex yacht? Maybe bash on former presidents? Trash on Democrats?
I'm glad @SteveScalise is good, but I will never join you @realDonaldTrump anywhere, ever.
Much more impressive than Obama's awards for ridiculous reasons of nothing above and beyond!
You do not deserve to be in the room with them.
The Boy Scouts have had to apologize for your recent speech. You are an embarrassment. Please resign.
Obviously your picture was necessary 

You're full of it, donnie.
种族歧视，你也是美国总统？
Look at the Virgin Mary what does it look like behind her he looks like a Sun.
Will you milk that to make America more aggressive again?
It is actually you openly and publicly encouraged aggression, in order to appeal to aggressive groups too
Including, more recently, the joking about beating up journalists who write stuff you don't like, e.g.
Will you recognize the transgender first responders?!? No one likes you!!!
Having a heart attack?
Dude. Your cult following is cray cray like you. #ImpeachTrumpNow #RussiaGate #potus45sucks
djt should stop using others for his own self-aggrandizement!  He doesn't give a damn about Scalise. It's disgusting!

Oh boy, wind up for another rally. When are you going to actually do something? You can't blame Dems for your inadequacies. Own your mess!
Resign
Watch you Utilize the shooting of a senator for the self gain of fleeting good PR?

No thanks. I'm just going to watch paint dry instead.
We are so glad he is out of the hospital, we need to keep guns out of hands of Dangerous Democrats!
How about we keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill, it was your GOP that changed the law, you must be very proud
Do you really believe that anyone that wants to kill someone Buys their weapon at Walmart??? No! They will buy their gun anyway!
It helps if there are standing gun control laws
There are, but criminals usually to follow the rules/laws.

Anything to get noticed and stay in the news. More FAKE sentiment. But that is who you are, FAKE AND A LIAR.
How about a picture of the people you are honoring?! Try not to make this one about you if you possibly can.

Year exactly
And yet the American people continue to be told this;

Today we celebrate the 52nd anniversary of #Medicare & #Medicaid — crucial programs for families that will be at risk under #Trumpcare. 
PHOTO OP FOR PEEBUCKET DON #IMPEACHPEEDIDLYDONALD Transgender Airman Logan Ireland Would Like A Word with drumpf. https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/7/26/1684289/-Transgender-Airman-Logan-Ireland-Would-Like-A-Word-with-drumpf …

Liars

#NoRepeal 
I hope u will make our world a better place!

Good job on photoshopping that bigger hand. Same guy from the New York Times cover?
Going against a rifle with pistols & emerging victorious is badass. These folks are heroes.
These first responders are true heroes and deserve recognition and honor.
100% agree
Without swift action from these heroes, that attack would have been much, much worse.
Hate Trump. Love the first responders.
Hate, that's all you LIBS have, how about working together for the betterment of our country.
Really! Don't make me laugh. How bout how trump hates and calls everyone names? I bet you adored President Obama.
Couldn't see all message,so just sending important msg. Why not send a sniper or 2 to get Kim and his #1 man-seriously. Am praying for you!
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise. #TeamScalise… https...
Why not put the First Responders FIRST? Photo looks like it is about U.
this is propaganda, always making yrself lk like  such an appreciative guy  when we know  you aren't one. Baloney piled high,  shame on you.

🖒   from AWN
Go Trump it’s a shame what the democrats are doing
Wishing you great success on TRUMP TV!
Who was behind it???????????
. You need to fire Mueller
How did I miss this genius response???? <3
I'm hoping to be blocked by the ape!!!
Just 4 once condemn your friend modi 4 the killing of the Kashmiris and hand them back their home land occupied for 70 years. C/on be brave!
Why don't you recognize all the killings of Muslims?
You are an embarrassment to this nation, literally
Just give up your presidency before it's too late for America to survive!
Everything @realDonaldTrump does is straight #Nazi 101. 

Demonize media

Shun the elite

Act racist AF

Use of religion

#Impeach45
Whew I'm not a liberal!  I thought being against stupid wars made you a liberal!  Lol
What makes conservatives cry

BREAKING @FoxNews - Lost City of MAGA Discovered. We Are Truly Blessed. 

#PenceKnew 

RT to BELIEVE 
What makes conservatives cry 

@FoxNews Is NOT News: Network's Own Ads Label Its Programming As 'Entertainment'

there comes a time in everyone's life when they have to look in their heart and say America is run by a total moron
That time is NOW!!!
Get him out of office ASAP
Thank you for being our great President 
President Trump

It's cute how you pretend to care.
Certainly recognize field personnel -- also Dispatchers who fielded phone calls & managed chaotic radio traffic #911Strong
No thanks. I rather watch "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes"
I always with u
Don't kiss them, that would be punishment, lol
Trump tried to rape the female responder on crutches. She resisted his advances with a crutch to his nuts.
You have more neck gobble than a thanksgiving turkey.... Sad
Aren't you embarrassed of yourself yet? You should be.

Tough choice if you're not a hypocritical piece of human trash. So I guess not a tough choice at all for you 2.
Best to @SteveScalise but stop acting like it's such a privilege to "join" you and that we should "enjoy" the show
Keep gaining weight, Donald. You're going to need all your strength when Mueller comes after you.
You are like how many days late? First responders?
You don't even like your job
Thx Mr. Trump doing a great job!
Now that's how the President I voted for act's very professional
Hey isn't one of those First Responders a member of the gay and trans community?

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
This is not right Mr. President!!!!!
Trump Model Management investigated for human trafficking by NYAG Schneiderman. Underage girls. It's awful to contemplate. Wake up, MSM.
Wall Street Journal (11 false claims) to a campaign rally in Ohio (five false claims) to a speech to the National Boy S (four false claims).
We want Obama back
Watching Jake Tapper on CNN.
Did you tell them how completely unfair it was that you didn't win the popular vote?
First responders- remember this pic,he didnt post pics of you,the real heros.He just put a pic of himself.Sick PR at real heros expenseSHAME
@peplamb
So you can look more fake....we all know you could genuinely give a rats ass!
OMG!!!. When this lunasee end. Lot of us have said: He hasn't been taken his meds.
Be aware that one responder is gay & Sessions is holding that LGBT employment protections are not covered by civil rights act!  Dispicable!
Better hope none of them are transgender...or Muslim...or Mexican...or women...or...
I bet there are only male first responders. Women can't do man's work and definitely none of those trans folks! #TransRightsAreHumanRights
Russia ? CCCP ? USSR ? We see what you are doing donnie

Much respect to first responders.  They are heroes every day.
Take your hand off your chest. You don't have a heart.
You are the best man for America.  God bless and thank you.  Sorry June 14, 2017 turned horrible.  Hope you received birthday card w/cash.
The only thing I would join you in is attending your IMPEACHMENT hearing!#ImpeachTrump #impeachmentpapers
Had a hard time finding a heart to cover for the pledge, didn't you?
Did you sing along? Like you did before? Embarrassing everyone again?
7138 La Rosa laundry Westminster California 92683
I don't renew my driver license because someone wants to set me up for fraud and I just know it.
@potus. @jeffsessions was your first responder and is one of your most loyal and productive leaders. He's a good man.Please Dont lose him


@Reince @Scaramucci

Minus the Trans ones right?
Crooks @CNN @maddow @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid @ananavarro @andersoncooper @davidaxelrod @RepAdamSchiff @SenSchumer @tedlieu @MariaTCardona
Trump you're an American hero
The mother of my kids is Mom Maria Lopez absolutely one hundred percent need to be put in jail .
I will join you.
Was this photoshopped? You look about 200 lbs thinner.
I wonder why your body is so good.
You are so old.
Such a shame you werent there that day.  THAT would have been something to pray for.
Look! Your hand is over your wallet.  There's no heart there.
How about a picture of the first responders rather then you!!
You are a one term POTUS
Thank you President Trump! 
Come on Donald Trump what are you so scared of are you scared to give Southern California respect.
The scripture has me in shock because I hang out at a laundromat all day.
Nice one.. 

Yeah, the guy went after the wrong Republican politician. Maybe the next one will get it right....
#Resist
Even the Republican Party is starting to turn on this
Totally Unqualified Corrupt President,putting restrictions on his #POWERS......LOL 
Your staff just called to tell me that FoxConn is not the new name for Fox News. Confusing! So sorry. Do they read our emails? @jonlovett
I have never hated a politician in my 65 yrs until you came along.
the organized crime syndicate/ESTABLISHMENT/CFR is ramping up for even higher levels of carnage & insanity.   http://www.geoengineeringwatch.org/geoengineering-watch-global-alert-news-july-22-2017/ …
Stop with the propaganda style photo ops and ads. Grow a pair. Act like a sane person. This is not a reality show.. #Indivisible
But what if they're transgender? #TransRightsAreHumanRights #translivesmatter
why do you have to put your picture on FUCKING EVERYTHING. This is the US not a branding exercise. Pics of first responders maybe?
That hand is doctored

All these wonderful celebrations for our nations hero's sure make us all realize what a SMALL, DRAFT-DODGING, COWARD you actually are!
You are a mentally deranged maniac & the "bigley" risk to our republic. I am hoping r military leaders recognize your risk to USA democracy.
Crystal Griner was given the Medal of Honor and is a prime example of the dedication of the LGBTQ community. @realDonaldTrump
Shame shame shame pic of yourself instead of  real 1stresponders.Photoshopped 2make your hands bigger+ur neck slimmer but forgot vagina neck
Did your wife tell u to put ur hand over ur heart... again?
Shame itt was not you in line off fire
A long time ago I went to court in Marino Valley because someone was using my identity the case was dismissed.

Do you want to be remembered as the president that took things backwards#loophole/getoutof that office vote again without the Russians
