If you opt out, your son Barron will curse you. We GUARANTEE IT. On his dying, diseased bed, he will CURSE the TRUMP name.
He already will. Can you imagine having this idiot as your FATHER??
I am so ashamed of the people who voted for you and the policies you endorse. You are the worst human on the planet.
You are destroying relations with our allies and halting efforts to save our planet. Thanks. 
So happy to hear people already confirming we are getting out of the world's bs project based of bs. Can hardly wait to hear it from you!
President Trump you have no idea how much and how many people love you and your family and that's because you are real God bless you
History is gonna judge you badly. Books will be written about you ripping you apart for your decision once you are gone.
woqu
No president of the US ever has put his citizens,country or global security in such jeopardy.  Listen to big us and big bus not Bannon.
Even Tillerson is asking to stay in.  Will you bankrupt our nation like your other businesses?
Liberals just can't see what america is suppose to be like. All they want is destruction.
The dnc delusional exerpts are wearing down America... We need a wall to lean and balance on...

White head eagle, the symbol  the United States.    
Paris is just scam by obama same as gore did to us. NY underwater in 2012 and gore gets rich, what a scam !!!
TA GUEULE
When are you coming to India.
Really waiting for indian people, We want to see you with @narendramodi.
Welcome to india 
Jay bharat
YOU, Donald Trump, make America #embarrassing 
#Disgraceful 
Please resign!!!
Making America Great Again! Great job Mr President! 
Thank you for not giving our hard earned tax money away! Better deals are a good thing
I hate you so much right now. Thanks for ruining the world 
Sorry Donald but I think you have really fucked up this time
America won't be great if sea levels continue to rise and inevitably cover parts of the country WTF R U GOOD DUDE
How does destroying the environment make America great? #worstpresidentever
It's going to be hard for America to be great with you at the helm. #trumpisaloser, #worstpresidentever
NO, NO, AND DOUBLE NO ON THIS PARIS ACCORD. YOUR DEPLORABLES. @dawnellemurray @joyreaper @eacasey59 @67_4_17 @bonniemurphy @TLlistenMore3
Mr. President This is an easy one! It's a HUGH Scam. Does nothing meaningful. This is why we elected you.
We're trying to, Comrade #BoneSpurs, Czar of #Trumpery, but, so far, you aren't impeached yet.
America was pretty great before they "voted" you into office...now it kinda sucks balls
It more or less the same as it was before. Don't be hysteric
Hardly hysterical
Did we save the climate or did we decide it's self sufficient?
And when exactly are you planning to make America great again? Because you're the shittiest president we've ever had, hands down.
Like I'm okey with all your bullshit decisions but this one really trump really like what could you possibly not like about this agreement.
I don't understand you I like you but some times I just don't understand your logic really why did you decline the agreement (hard facepalm)
Thank you for pulling out of the Paris agreement.
Republicans have received nearly $32 million in campaign contributions from the energy sector and $18 million from the oil and gas industry.
Trump  go back
more like 'Take America Backwards Again'
#MAGA = Morons Are Governing America! Oh wait I forgot to lock the caps button like senile Trump does. MORONS ARE GOVERNING AMERICA = #MAGA
Climate change is extremely true and horrifying. Why do jobs matter if there isn't going to be a planet to live on anymore. We need to care
You only have to check the bleaching of the coral on The Great Barrier Reef to confirm rising sea temperatures. GLOBAL WARMING IS REAL.
Loops
Climate change is biggest joke of the century, the illuminati the deep state the one word government is pushing this propaganda. All LIES!!!
No problem. Trump true. Chinese falce.
Mr. President Trump, A project on the environment or climate changes, should be a project for all US: Industry, technology, etc.etc.
Standing tall for America's fair treatment! TY! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
#MEGA
Your contry realy need to be great again. After you.
US 1%: Reaped the rewards of slavery, neva paid their debt. Have reaped the rewards of GW causing industrial dev & want someone else to pay?
PLEASE tell me you know that the Paris Accord has nothing to do with France!? #toostupidforwords #covfefe
thanks for putting our planet second behind greed and destruction... #parisAccord
Saying it in all caps doesn't make it true, sweetie
The Paris Climate accord is big load of Horse Crap...  Thank you Mr. President...
When you are impeached that will be the first step.@RealDonad_Trump
Great job Mr. President! Shut the manipulators down and bring common sense back to the USA.
@CtBrokerRoks tell Miami mayor water is not rising he built his house on sand and water is eroding it
It already was great until you came into the picture. You have accomplished nothing but ruining foreign relations with our allies.
Oga when did you start break dancing nau? Retweeting #trump tweets!
I've never disliked someone as much as I dislike you, and I left my 1st husband. You've moved to #1 on my most disliked list. #impeachtrump
Decision was a disaster, w no basis in reality. I can think of ways to MAGA, but they require u to step down & go back to the job u love.
A guy who can't make their hair great again ain't gonna do squat for America 
#nincompoop
stop saying that phrase we get it you're already president chill
Coal is OLD News, Coal Jobs aren't coming back and shouldn't. Global Warming and Climate Change is REAL  Too bad you can't figure it out
wouldn't being the world leader in green energy MAGA?
LOSER
Yet another sad day for our country! #climate pullout
Mr. President Donald Trump
I am proud about your Paris Accord decision.
God bless You
Peter Mikolajczyk
President Trump, did you hear of a school that has been taken over by students in the news
Congratulations!  We support Paris climate deal withdraw. Please continue to support we the ordinary citizens. We love you our President!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT
Trump's reality. Not surprising from a Casino Boss Real Estate hustler. 
INVENTORS MADE AMERICA GREAT like Edison & Bell.
You are going to kill our planet, all for profit. Tell your lies to someone else. Coal is a dieing industry. Clean energy is the future.
America was never great and  to be honest with you,your making it worse. I like to argue with facts. You should to
Go over the details that have been held from the people, and I knowGodnwilling u will make right decision. Change happens every 10k years

Manchild is pulling out just to spite Obama.
I urge @realDonaldTrump to commit the U.S., along with the rest of the world's nations, to honor the Paris Climate accord. #ForHumanity
HOW DOES THIS MAKE AMERICA GREAT? HOW? IN WHAT WAY? ASK YOURSELF HOW IT MAKES AMERICA GREAT? ARE YOU THAT STUPID?!!! WTF!!!
Hopefully Jesus will be back soon to take care of all this. in the meanwhile let's give people jobs.
Why bother drawing out the announcement - we all know you hate the environment.
https://youtu.be/cefv1Dfi7YY  #americafirst #maga #trustinGod
All I will hear is "Blah Blah #Covfefe Carnival cruise line & #Theparishilton!. Jared where am I? Call Vlad" #Dementia #Rosegarden
I hope ur decision is pulling of of Paris screw America agreement. Obamawhore era is over.
If it's against the accord, I'll pay for Kathy to do a new photoshoot
Even before Paris Climate control act or whatever it it called, the earth changed & so did the climate geographically speaking. Stop waste
Come out of the dark ages & make America greater by being #1 in producing renewable energy.
Do your homework & understand how important this is instead of just trying to destroy everything Obama did.
You're a joke.
I'm going to get my popcorn ready. If you think the Russia story is bad, wait till you see the media meltdown over defunding climate scam 
Everyone who has been attacking you gets something out of the climate change scam that is more about wealth redistribution than the planet.
How about making the world great
Please stop the chemtrails.
Mr. Trump INDIANs support you for a reason and still you didnot show any indication about that .
Don’t waste American tax payers dollars on a political climate change social club, our economy will not be hurt if we leave the Paris Accord
The Paris Accord is a political climate change social club with rules but no ramifications if the rules are broken

The rest of the planet and future generations await your decision. Don't be a member of the Flat Earth Society. @IvankaTrump talk to Dad.
Covfefe.
Despite resistance and protestmarches increases after Covfefe-decision yesterday I mean, but.......
Dear Mr. President, please, please keep the Paris Accord, clean air act, clean water, and sanctions on companies that violate it.I'm begging
If you would like,I would be happy to help you, DM me and let me know.I love our country and want a harmonious alliance w allies, mess me
@RikiDaHeropon Where are you going to put Miami?
#relocation #scuba #myhouse #nobeach
Please get out of this bad deal!  It is such a scheme to put another restraint on American freedom.
GET OUT, if the Radical Liberal Democrats and mainstream media is for staying in the Paris Agreement then common sense says GET OUT
The only other countries not in the agreement are Syria and Nicaragua. Make American a 3rd World country again?
do not pull out of the Paris agreement....please! All beachfront properties will vanish!
Mar-a-lago will be gone. Barron won't ever get to enjoy it.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, RESIGN trying to be a President!! ALL YOU DO IS LIE!!!! #NOTMYPRESIDENT!!  #LOSER!!!!
The rest of the world can take a hike. How come they r NOT paying penalties?
It's not the mere fact that we are pulling that causes me concerns, what worries ne is our standing as a leader on the world stage
Ever since when Europe is 2 dictate how & what we do? They're now fucked up, EU's a joke that's ran by Germans. & they're ran by Muslims now
They are fucked up. But the point is do we want to destroy our image or do we want to continue to respected as a leader
Nobody puts US in the corner!
But they are putting the US in the corner
Nobody spanks us and tells us what 2do! Nothing against emissions reduction, all want less pollution,as long as its 100%equal. Why $ penalty
Europe has destroyed itself you fools and he's done the right thing to strengthen our country you fools if you would follow Obama's insanity would have destroyed our country
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!...
You are ruining our country.
The only thing you're doing is giving you Millionaires and billionaires a tax break and screwing us Working Class People
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE COVFEFE GREAT AGAIN
I watched your time abroad closely and I really don't like the Pope now, nor did I approve of the Globalist Europeans and their arrogance.

The deal you pulled out of has just finalized you as a fool. The Paris Accords were at least helping a little. You've just hurt Earth a LOT.
You are wrong becuse This World is Already Great
Okay 
Make America accord again
U never do it Mr.
Reinstate sheriff Clay Higgins. Or get more like him on the job. Crack down on DHS for dereliction of duty. Muslims dont belong in the USA
I hope your decision on Paris has something to do with removing all muslims as well as muslims in America.
Our allies need to be liberated. I hate using that word liberated bc of how it has been used. However, they need our help Commander in Chief
# President Trump I believe that the Paris Acord is a joke glad you pulled us out! And Comey showed the hate he had 4 u!

There's something wrong with you.
You will go down as a fool
it was already great
#MAGA first and foremost!
早く辞めろよお前
#MAGA for you and your rich fossil fuel friends? Meanwhile the rest of us will have a planet with undrinkable water and unbreathable air
How does Saudi cock taste?
When was America not great so that now it has to be made "great again"???
You should have stated at the White House.  You failed in Paris and really screwed up at NATO.
America suck, after you there is nothing..ww3 is what you have to give to us!!! You love Isis and you give money to them too
n.korea gonna destroy yankees
BULL! This is NOT Your "Production Playground!
Thank you so much for protecting America from this evil scheme. We are very proud of you! The Lord bless you abundantly!
Another screw up if you pull out, won't shock anyone. You have no clue what Global warming or climate are, do you?
.
What do we think of this decision?  "Let me at him......"
#fakepresident is such a snowflake drama queen.
America will never be great with you being our representative
No more wasting our money get out of the Paris agreement thank you for getting out
Comace un cerro viejo Donald!
No! no la visa nooooo :'(

America already is great. What you're trying to do is make America selfish again.
