Getting your friend who you never worked for to write you a job recommendation? Not good! You should see a psychologist.
True
Lou is delusional or redefining 'success' on the fly. I hope I'm wrong but the administration's incompetence...
...is obviously spooking people. Bitcoin is way up. Local Radio Shack just closed after over forty years...
...shelves are empty at Sears. Two local malls have significant number of vacancies. But the parking lots...
...are full. Seems to me corporations are hedging their bets. I have to guess because the insiders hold this...
...information close. Sabre rattling doesn't help, either. The global community needs clear consistent signals...
...in order to conduct business. So if we're looking for success then Trump has succeeded in creating an...
...environment where certainty is void. This is to the detriment of our economy
Lou Dobbs' failures are exceeded only by Trump's bankruptcies, racial discrimination fines, and fraud settlements. Thank you, facts!
yep you have successfully divided a country
alienated our allies
bombed a country
gone another year NO TAXES
and golfed 16 times in 100 days
Not much of a compliment. Dobbs is a buffoon.
FINALLY TRUTH.
THANK YOU LOU DOBBS
@TeddyFlorida Your welcome Mr. President......Oh wait, I don't think I am the Lou he was referring to.
@therealroseanne @LouDobbs





FAKE NEWS!!

So thankful for our President!!
He will have my vote again after his first 4 years. Thank you, President Trump.
Lou  you have to Getz Trump to stop the bullshit and start kicking ass ! Health Care and Taxes trll them times up
we need Justice for Clinton or America can not be Great ! Please get that message to The President!
#neurosyphilis please test him
Two blood tests -- for active and for older treated infection. Mental Status Examination needed as well.
Gotta love that Lou Dobbs!
Was he drunk.
funny
GO PRESIDENT TRUMP KEEP UP YOUR GREAT WORK. #BUILDTHEWALL #BuildThatWall #ARRESTANDDEPORTALLILLEGALS #NoSanctuaryCities @JerryBrownGov
Don't sign budget no money for wall to cut sanctuary cities , no money to deport but money for planned parenthood. What is Ryan pulling ?
@LouDobbs' deceit is also unmatched in recent history.
Greatest President since Reagan!!!
Mr DOBBS, respectfully, I think we need successes we CAN celebrate!
"Mr Trump's supporters"
What is up with crappy budget?
Dems can rejoice
#liars.  Release the tax returns.  North Korea is a #smokescreen to divert Russian ties.  #treason.
Remember Obama's NSA Spying on Millions of Americans?  Has he DIRT on most of Congress? DRAIN Swamp Quick!
For sale Chinese Ceramic antiques and Hardwood Chair ( motif and wood )= in Tien An Men Beijing Tiongkok.
Original.
What do you expect from a sycophant?
REACENT ND ANCHINT ERAZ addede to your thots thank you if you can guide you welcome sir
What successes?  Grabbing women by the pussy is as successful as you get.  You can't do anything legit, loser.
Sot Tron Commander Trump is changing the world for the better but standing against him the most honest in the world
fake news!!
I want u to go down in history as greatest president we've ever had! Colonizing Mars will be greatest feat since Columbus! @elonmusk @spacex
"@realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs:just stated"President Trump successes are unmatched in recent presidential history TY Lou!" Trump&Lou R Morons
Are you a third party to yourself? Omg !!!! What's the rest of the country saying outside your bubble & base?
Because there aren't any or so few that no other POTUS has been so ineffective. Must be all that golf that's going on.
@therealroseanne @LouDobbs @POTUS 
Shut the government down Fire Paul Ryan Build this Wall
Don't let the ignorant democrats run this country! We voted for you and NOT them!
You won the election because of your promises on refugees & Immigration why are you breaking those promises? #EndDACA #NoAmnesty #NoRefugees
Lou's statement makes more sense when read sarcastically. #EatABagOfDicksTrump #ImpeachTrump
Lou Dobbs is senile and delusional. He's only on TV because he's your only supporter in possession of a full set of teeth.
So disappointed about the budget! Still supporting planned parenthood and no room in budget for wall!
You cannot believe this! What successes have you had?? You truly are delusional! You are the worse in many, many years!
Sooooo disappointed with this budget.
Lol! Unmatched in hypocracy, disorganization, conspiracy, deflection, lies, ignorance, & treason. Impeachment coming to the POS!
President Trump if you have line idea veto power are you going to use it to stop financing planed parenthood also known as abortion are us?
DJT - Do you know what "syncophant" means?  Ask Lou
60% OF AMERICANS THINK OTHERWISE! WORST PRESIDENT IN US HISTORY! YOU'RE LOSER. HILLARY WON THE POPULAR VOTE. RUSSIA GOT YOU ELECTED.
He was bing facetious. You're 100 day achievements are farcical and it's certainly unmatched.
Ignore the hate stay on the grind
Unmatched with golf trips, spending money to go to Winter White House and executive orders. #SoSmartNot
FAKE NEWS.
Yes you successfully lied to the American people
Unmatched bevause you have zero. #failingpresident
Only your mother could love you...oh wait..without$$ wife and kids would avoid you...repulsive...
That's what we say 
Save @LouDobbs and @seanhannity #law
@LouDobbs is still a thing?
You've definitely had a more successful first 100 days than William Henry Harrison (I'm sure you'll need to look that one up).
BELIEVE IT OR NOT THEY SAY JIMMY CARTER,DONT BELIEVE IT I STILL SAY "PRESIDENT TRUMP DID THE BEST AN MOST IN 100 DAYS CONGRATS 
FAKE NEWS!
You like anyone that panders to your lies. You have yet to understand to true meaning what it to be President.#Still Sanders #shallowTrump
Are you serious Lou. We used to watch you. Lost it???
well of course. They kiss your ass. Tell them to factually list what you accomplished. Sorry facts only. Oops.
Lou Dobbs has been proven a moron more than once
In what alternate universe?
it is a shame that you are president
With a 39% and falling approval rating is unmatched success you must be living in Alternative universe Mr. Fake president
Sally Yates May 8 Public Hearing
You can technically sign an Exec order designating "all bathrooms must have TP". You have no consensus. You are uninformed.
Every chance we get to stand with POSTUS against this media is a must. Their mission-to destroy. Not letting up.
Reallllllllly not sure about that. You are like a toddler who needs constant reassurance on a potty
Lou cannot separate facts from fiction! You have accomplished NOTHING and in just 100 days you managed to divide us even deeper!
you didnt hear ? Lou has,dementia.  Very Sad.  Yes sad ..Very Sad..Horrible
Mr. President, don't cave! No funding for PP or Sanctuary Cities. Let them "shut down" the govt. - it's on their heads. Stay the course! 
Lou Dobbs was fired for being nuts about immigrants. Just like you.
Lou Dobbs wrong again! Pres. Obama brought this country back from a Great Recession! He left you a rising economy! You should thank PBO!
I accomplished more on the toilet in the last 100 days than you did as president. #100days  #fakenws #russiagate
You're clinging to praise from Lou Dobbs?
No Lou is a dumbfuck just like you an old senile piece of shit who should just lay down and allow the dirt to be thrown on him.
Ha Ha good joke
Really great motivator,
.@LouDobbs just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  Thank you Lou!...
The Morons Mutual Admiration Society.
Which one? 
Nevermind.
There AREN'T ANY!
Yes, among his major legislative accomplishments, RUMP renamed the VA Bldg. on Pago Pago. It goes downhill from there. Thank you Lou Dobbs.
Who cares what @LouDobbs has stated he is one on the most  irrelevant consv talking heads on the cable talk show  circuit
You met with business leaders, leaders of our allies and put her enemies on notice while increasing the confidence level of all Americans.
You'll do anything for a little ego stroking. When do you think you'll grow up and do dive work
Lou Dobbs?!?!   C'mon, you can do better
Yes you've been very successful at lying through your zhopa!
Lose use of the truth, say instead a shell story to hollow you.
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Yes. He is like no other!  Scary!!!!!!
Oh.... didn't you hear??? That was fake news.
..Gag! Spoken by a true narcissist.
Try being a president to all of us, not just the Fox Trumpetos.  Grow up.
could you please list them for all the rest of us who cant
That's fucking hilarious
He speaks for many many Americans! Thank you for all your hard work. 
Haha
Another LOSER!
People are ignorant to what our president has accomplished. Too much other stuff getting in the way. 
I believe the queen song SCANDAL could be played here accurately
 u r a phucking joke
Maybe he was being IRONIC!
Boi aren't you supposed to do things in your office and to stay away from social medias?
Lou Dobbs gets is information from FOX which is fake news.
Ur the BEST President EVER, hands down, w/o any question, whatsoever. I knew u would be from Day ! =- 6/15/15! You always KNEW what it took!
You're both horrid racists and also not right in the head.
@LouDobbs is also in the early stages of dementia and is quite delusional so there is that...
The. LouDobbs is full of shit!
Freak. Americans, you are toast. Run for another country now.
Exacty! Thats because you haven't accomplished shit yet to get high enough to match up to any other President yet
I didn't hear Lou say that. How can I trust it's not fake news?
Just like Dewy
"Unmatched." They don't match. All the rest were much better.
YES YOU ARE ONE MAJOR AS HOLE THATIS UNMATCHED IN STEALING THE PRESIDENTWITH  ALL YOUR CROOKED DEALINGS BUT ITS COMING TO A SCREAMING HALT
Not really all you've done is try to undo what Obama set to keep snobby rich white people like you away and keep our environment clean.
Failing Lou Dobbs's statement is correct, just don't think he meant it like trump wants to take credit for, typical.
RTRTRTRTRTRTRTRT true news
That's because he likes how your balls taste, just not a healthy dose of reality!

@LouDobbs is a toad.
TOTAL EMBARRASSMENT TO THIS COUNTRY!
@edward20161946 
   What success, one Judge@Donald Trump could have nominated cheetah and the GOP would've confirmed him
Lol was he straightfaced when he said it.
"It might be better, Mr. President, if u were more concerned with the American People than your image in history books." Gen. Buck Turgidson
just because he says it doesn't mean it's true
Yes because consistantly making a fool of yourself and pissing off random countries for no reason is truly a paragon of our country
That's true. Most presidents have actually had successes. #kewforestbully
Llolllol!  You're such a narcissist you don't know when someone's just kissing up to you!
Lou Dobbs@is a demented as are you Trump.
Mr. Trump, if you want more support ant decent people, open your country to the European refugees. The UE is killing us.
May one day the United States accept honest and decent Europeans as refugees. The EU has declared war on us.
Nobody listens to old Lou Dobbs
Main stream media doesn't report this. Thanks Lou
Lou Dobbs has made many silly statements in the past. He also believes in a conniving snake tricking a naked chick into eating fruit.
you should have vetoed that ridiculous budget bill. No funding for the wall funding sanctuary cities funding.
A new political movement/ potential party: The Forward Party. MAKE AMERICA A FORWARD COUNTRY. #2020Forward #StopFalseHope
O，yeah

You must be dreaming!"
Take the weekend off and put your feet up. Canada sends its lumber I mean regards.
Hi from Canada
that's fake news
Obama makes you look so incompetent and that's why you hate him.
That big headed pie face Lou Dobbs is just one of your loyal sycophants.
Wait until Monday when Sally Yates exposes your lies.
Now that's FAKE statement! Accomplishments aren't taking from children,just cuz it had Michelle Obamas name.Hew legacy will live on.
Fake news, from a fake POTUS and Lou who?
yea, nobody has had so few lol
60% of Americans don't agree with him.
LIES !!!! LIES !!!! LIES !!!!
Keep it that way carry big stick. Cops thousands of dollars hidden wetbacks carryin backpacks.Why AZ Napier cry no WALL
Now THAT is Fake News!!
