


Question is ... Why? What is behind the media turned propaganda machine for Leftist!?
This right here is the reason for all the Fake News. @POTUS YOU have the power to make PROPAGANDA ILLEGAL AGAIN. It MUST be done.
Day by day and night by night they out there spreading bizarre fake news conspiracy theories and tryna undermine your presidency it's sad


FAKE NEWS "little t" trump!!!  Put on clown makeup and that would make a great clown GRIN!
Wow how many tweets you replied with "FAKE NEWS "little t" trump!!!" 45 of them LOL and no thanks he good
You misspelled "Trumptards."
With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEM...
Distorting Democracy. You are at the heart of that. How about those sanctions on Russia? Not implemented yet?
You, @realDonaldTrump are the person distorting our democracy. Every. Single. Day. You are a threat to our nation and reputation.
For sure you are the FAKE NEWS & FAKE PRESiDENT!
But the call is coming from inside the house.
Even your Pepe hordes believe it was Jared
Oh look another "verified nobody" making stupid comments. What a surprise.
Shut up.
Actually fake news is making history in the country with the all the social media~
You are distorting democracylol
#Truth #msm #propaganda
No you are destroying democracy in MY country and it's time for you and yours to leave and go somewhere new and wreak havoc
Even the Snowflakes cannot see the tyranny in the far Left agenda.
go to jail
Good morning to you...your SON'S emails are out there. Remember you said "I love Wikileaks". Words and tweets come back to haunt you. SAD!
Hello pot, this is the kettle ... you're black!
You should not have involved your children in your mess.
Wow someone's got their panties in a bunch this morning.
I used to vote for republicans in elections from local to federal. Your administration has shown me that those were very bad choices.
Same old sh**! Is this best you can do? YOU are biggest distortion and disgrace to our democracy ever seen!
You mean like this:
Analysis | 'Lie after lie after lie': Fox News's Shepard Smith has a Cronkite moment on Russia
You can have some sap or bot posting religious blather underneath, but God knows you have lied to and betrayed the American people.
Like Don Jr? I like that source.
Keep up the great work Mr. President! The Liberal media are more delusional than they are desperate!
Your fake election, with obvious help from Russia, is the distortion of our democracy BLOTUS.

The only thing fake in this scenario is you imagining you're qualified to lead this country. You sold this con brilliantly. #redstatefantasy

No. Try to get this straight now. It's YOU who is destroying American Democracy. Put down the phone and do something presidential. Just once
No one on this twitter train buys your lies, Don-the-Con.  You lie as often as you breathe.
Your campaign and election distorted our democracy beyond recognition and continue to be more pro-Russian interest than our own. Shame.
Verified source - Donald Trump Jr.
You are not a president.
U r now calling Fox fake news. "Lies, lies, lies" Krauthammer, Smith & Wallace of Fox all say ur r a liar. 62% of Americans think u r awful!
NO, you are...Nobody believes a word you or the WH says...
Imagine the day when the LEFT actually reads about the level of #Corruption that has been uncovered in the past 7 Days by #TeamTrump 
Many of us no longer support the Clinton family because of our love of country. Time for you to chose, America or the Trump family?

The #FakeNews #MSM says Russia attacked our democracy to cover up the fact that THEY were the ones that did
CNN has launched bigger attacks on our democracy than Russia ever could, with their all-out attack on TRUTH
If Liberals are concerned about "an attack on our democracy", they should sue CNN, WaPo, NBC
Attack on our democracy during the election? Isn't that what we would call Obama's illegal spying on the Trump Campaign?
You are completely out of touch with reality, just like your leader Donny the Con.
Thank you Pamela.... That was very brilliant
good morning criminal @realDonaldTrump - u r going down don - america will CHEER #SCAREDpotus #puppet
He isn't going anywhere...chill out. :)
oh yes he is - and since u r a disney fan possible troll - i will give u a pass ... this time ian - tink knows #TrumpRussia
I'm not a troll, but he will complete his 1st term and we will see what happens in the next election.
- lets make a disney bet - my disneykin collection - what u got?
One of my Star Wars Weekend autographs :)
- which one
Billy Dee Williams :)
Right...how dare they take credit for your efforts to destroy America for Putin!  Move there Troll!  
You definitely want to be the tyrant in charge. Goebbels would be so proud that you use his propaganda playbook.
Undermining democracy in our country.
You have that totally right, Pres. , MSM can't control everything and that's why they are having a hissy fit. Keep up holding their feet to the fire. If they can't take the heat of truth requirement, they should get out of the industry that is supposed to be based on truth.
Donny, annonymous doesn't mean imaginary... #literacy #deleteyouraccountdonald
Go back to school dear. Anonymous is spelled like this and maybe you should remain anonymous until you can spell or at least work autocorrect.  All the bless.
Wait, I thought you & sons inc were doing that? Cause you know, democacy is when the people instead of OLIGARCHY run things. #fakepresident
FOLLOW @luanprometa @fifthrmonyzer @affection5H @Dopiludida  @inarasilva120 @insecurithings @TainaraKelly6
Please lauren 
Oh, you mean Faux News, Breitbart, Drudge Report...all the places where you get your fake news from?
You distort democracy you fake president
A metaphor meant to reveal that someone who is enticed by illegal Goods is still guilty because he accepts the offer. DJTr tried to acquire.
To bad the fake news is ALL TRUE! Stop lying stop stealing stop bull s*^tting the American people! Get out of the White House !
Barbara please go back to school. It is "too" bad. And it is Too bad you can't respect our elected President.
And you are trying to destroy the free press because that's what dictators do.

Don't fall for it America. It's your watchdog
Tick, Tock!
I loved that book  Actually, 45 could use a copy to learn some new words and what the meaning of the ones he uses are.
Me too! Phantom Tollbooth was lighter than eg Wolves of Willoughby Chase, Golden Compass. Never too old for YA -- 'How I Live Now' new fave
Dear @FBI. "Ira Held" @held_ira of Houston, TX has made open death threats online against former Presidents Obama and Clinton & their staff.
Looks like he's been making the same threat in multiple threads all morning.  Dear @FBI  -- I think this @held_ira means what he says 
wow!!!! your parents hit the JERKpot!:O)
Sir, as one of "many people", you are wrong about the news.   I look forward to the day we have different leadership.  You are fake POTUS.

With all of trumps phony unmanned spray tan & higly slanted hair line & even sweaty turkey neck people are paying attention to him!
thanks for enlightening us.  Can you please give us some generic tips to help us sort out real news from #fakenews?
Nope! That is #Democracy in action #POTUS45... #getusedtoit and be a #bigboy !
Mueller's favorite song:
Your Son is the source of this supposed fake news Jr seems to lie as much as U Tick Tock Mueller is Coming #Traitors go to Prison #RESIST
You and your cronies are the ones spreading #fakenews. #notmypresident #ImpeachTrump
You do realize, @realDonaldTrump, that historically only dictators, such as Hitler have declared the media enemies of the people.
You ARE #FakeNews. Phony, fraudulent, unnamed sources... you've just described yourself.

What is your relationship with Dmitri Rybolovlev?
You are distorting our democracy!
shut up
It's you that is distorting reality. You lost the popular vote by 3 million, you have been unable to get anything passed. Useless
Are you able to tweet one sentence that doesn't end with an exclamation point?
You are destroying democracy in our country. You were already a joke here long ago, but you've made the USA the laughingstock of the world.
Pot, have you met kettle?
VSTFU!!!!
Hey Dump. Do you still have pen in hand!  Going to be a long wait  
This email ur son Jr shared with the looks real 2 me. U loved it when they went after Hillarys emails. Only criminals hate investigations
Instead of screaming "fake news", how about you tell us how and what should be reported.  #fakepresident
Fake news made you president
As if you care about democracy.
The only thin fraudulent is you!
Said by the man who quotes unnamed sources, makes up fake friends and fraudulently reports on his taxes and is usurping American democracy.
YOU ARE DISTORTING DEMOCRACY IN AMERICA! THE ONLY FAKE NEWS IS Fox News!
Tantrum much, Donnie?
#FakePotus is distorting everything in #USA Our country is great. u & ur crooked cronies r trying to destroy it. 
#MAGA MF

I am so upset at these liberals who want America to become like Europe and have a One Workd Order!  This in itself is treason!
Also, y do u call ur 40yr old son a good boy?Hes a middle aged man.Hes older than Kushner.Try getting advice from people w experience.Try it
Hypocrite!!! Who told you Obama wasn't American?
POTUS please put Obama and Hilliary in jail!! Open a real Russia collusion investigation Uranium 1. Millions from Canada to Clinton's. Hati
You're gaslighting the country w/ the "fake news" claim. The ignorant fall easy for it. The intelligent resist & rise above your bullshit.
10 s!

Your tweet has been liked by 10 people. https://favstar.fm/t/887106289372975109 …
You're gaslighting the country w/ the "fake news" claim. The ignorant fall easy for it. The intelligent resist & rise above your bullshit.
#ImpeachTrumpNow   #MuellerTime !!! #INVESTIGATE #INDICT #INCARCERATE #LiarInChief #Collusion #ObstructionOfJustice #Treason #TheResistance
You & your alt right media are the ONLY fake news in USA. Even FOX is getting a craw full of your lies. Media is NOT going to spew your lies
You are distorting our Democracy Trump. And there is this non fake news
Who's your source for this assessment?  Your butt as usual? We hired you to do a job, not pull BS out of your ass.
The ones who had info on your kid's meeting with the Russians and the emails were frauds? Then why did your kid go on TV and confirm them?
Then stop spewing it! #Problemsolved
Does that include Fox News. They don't believe anymore. It's lie after lie after lie!
Snowflake...
I think fake Presidents hurt it more
Real ones would not cow down but test the water  we need real ones to run as republican against the ones softer than medicated cotton 
While you constantly make clear your opinions of all who aren't your precious Republicans? You SHIT on Democrats every chance you get.
So then...please enlighten me...in what possible way are you promoting our beloved Democracy?
We we all quit watching them,  they will sink! #canthappenfastenough
Netflix and chill?
Says the man famous for saying "People tell me...People are saying...They say..."
You sir are the distortion. You need to grow up and be a leader of this nation, not the winer and chief
You know who likes you........nobody
#Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country! Need some drastic measures. Examples made of the dark operatives.

You literally use phony / unnamed sources each and every time you spew your made up theories. Some say. It's been said. They say. I've heard
You are the distortion DingDong!
Quit watching Fox News
The problem is @realDonaldTrump,  "It's not all "fake news. I'm like you more everyday. You have to learn though.Take the heat w/out heat
I smell Fire...
No you are
no Mr president your policies are distorting democracy
Exactly what Russia wanted to accomplish.
It shocks me that *anyone* buys your lies, distortions & downright *hysteria* about MSM - outlets you longed to cover you a few mos. ago.
Like to see what you would publish if you ran your own news network, but it'd probably fail. Like your university, airline, vodka, marriages
you;re right. please stop tweeting it.
You are distorting and ruining the #integrity of the #WhiteHouse and the #american reputation
I like the presidents real news program.  The anchor is pretty but she lacks the star power The Donald has.
I think these Fake News outlets need to be held accountable for how they continue to deceive (some of) the American people! Is there a way?
Hahahahaha...that's like a criminal complaining about all the crime going on.  #resist #impeachtrump
The only thing that's fake is the promises you've made for your presidency.
YOUR treasonous acts, whinning & lies YOU are DESTROYING our Republic #FakePresident . You should be convicted of treason!
Do something!  Revoke all their passes. Ban media from spreading lies.  Please and thank you.
You continually cite unnamed sources or non-existent facts. U r just an egomaniacal con man.
Go home Trump, you're drunk. And off your meds. And out of your straight jacket.
You mean like claiming you've signed more bills than any other POTUS?
Clue: you haven't
you have the brain of a pea
No, the fake president is distorting democracy.
Yep, they Use "First Amendment Protection" & "Anonymous Sources" to LIE! @CNN=#FakeNews Followed closely by @MSNBC @NBC @ABC @CBS
and ALL the FAKE NEWS is coming from YOU!.

Good entertainers know people get tired of you and tune you out when you don't ever shut up.  #GetTheMessage
Actually beyond distorting!!
What you call "fake news" is actually reality.  People are really taking notice now.
The cruel, cruel irony.
Haha
read @infowars instead
Trump Administration can't tell the truth. Sir I have served with real leaders you sir are not leader.
Now that's a bit of a stretch.
Yawn
Fake government is distorting our country's democracy. Coincidence? I think not. #WHSquatter #FakePOTUS
Your family and campaign associates seem to be very forgetful about their dealings with Russians and only remember when evidence arises.
