.     Who cares!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early ...
Win what?
you sold your soul to the devil but Putin has purchased the deed
Then i can only conclude he was paid to say that ,by way of a brown envelope filled with $100 dollar bills,no sane person,would do that
HOW LONG BEFORE YOU APPEAR IN COURT ? AND.....THEN PRISON, GET USED TO WEARING YELLOW
I find it outrageous that you are in Florida again at taxpayer expense! Do your job and stop spending so much money
Ellison should have informed Hillary Clinton she would loose.
Donald, we back you 100%.
i am indesperate need of a good accounting job
Who gives a shit how big your crowd size was? You won.Take a lesson from the great Barry Sanders. Hand the ball to the ref after you score.
he saw you plan. You could never win popular vote, so you worked largest electoral vote. With luck it will be gone soon.
why don't you care about our planet?  Don't you want your grandchildren to have trees to climb
Mr. President, you won the election--we all acknowledge it. Now, please focus on your job!  Attend to the country please!

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
胡生庆说你是傻逼
Clown bragging.
BIG DEAL!!! ARE YOU NOW BRAGGING?????
Should read, "who first predicted that..." if that's what you actually mean.
Im so proud of Our President Trump.  America is getting  a little  better every day. Thank God Lying Hillary didn't make it
I predicted I'm your win early on, too.  You speak for the voice of hopeless America, not noisy loons like Hillary did.
As did I @realDonaldTrump   I could have won close to a million dollars if I would have bet on you. Not a gambler though. You're a winner
oh shattap
OMG! Your EGO is appalling. How about growing up and being the President, instead of moping around the WH tweeting crap!
You sir are a global embarrassment
"...but enough about me...let's talk about you. What do you think of me?"
an understanding of punctuation would help. #Placebo
one thing I will say about fake president he's a Russian operative.
OrangeAid just randomly tweets any thought he thinks will make his so-called-presidency seem legitimate.
Keith Ellison hates you and your racism. No need to "praise" him. Always about u, isn't it, Narcissus?
I thank god you won! I just hope you can stop the advice of socialism in America. I am in fear of losing my freedom!!
Your grammar is atrocious.
when is it not about you? Amazing display of self-centeredness. But it's nothing new or surprising.
wow! So Smart!
CAREFULL HE'S MUSLIM, HE MIGHT BE A TERRORIST.IF HE HAD WON WOULD U HAVE DEPORTED HIM? PARANOID!!!
he is a muslim & must be deported 1952 FEDERAL LAW FORBIDDING ALL MUSLIMS FROM EVER ENTERING/BEING IN AMERICA AXT ON IT NOW
Having won is still your only focus. You are a 9 year old child.
why does everyone and everything have to be about you? #unfit #fakeprez #LongConDon #malignantnarcissist
I am from Bangladesh.  Myself and my son 8 years old we were one of them and confirm that you win.
So did Putin. What's your point?
Guess he's not totally ignorant!
Wow. You should get a cute little trophy.
@ramburner1 good point
you won by lying...Crooked Trump, hypocrite...VP Pence
@mednurse202 
does he get a medal?
Your Crystal ball is cloudy its time for a cleaning!
did you really win?
Islamic Ideology, can not be trusted to govern the free world. 
Crazy.
Jeff Sessions: lock him up! Lock him up!  Lock him up!!LOCK HIM UP!!!
always abt u when r u going 2 get out of ur own way? It's not abt u...it's abt the good of ALL u r a servant of the people
watch him like a hawk!  He has two faces on!
and you did outstanding speech last night Mr President
he is a nut,like most dems
NO MORE TWEETS.NO MORE TWEETS. YOU WERE AWESOME TONIGHT. THIS IS WHO WE NEED. YOU AS PRESIDENT. NO MORE TWEETS PLEASE
You won.  Get over it.
give up the win crap Don. Do something worthwhile.
the election is over now its time to be responsible stop talking about the big fish you caught after awhile it stinks
whoopi  Goldberg was saying the most and she was the first one to say why do you got to blame Obama when he's on vacation
the View Had A Few Not So Nice Things to say about Donald Trump
Jesus, chill. You won. Can we stop tapping you on the head and actually expect some fucking results?
lock her up with please after all the laws she has broken..we haven't forgotten Benghazi or missing emails..lock her up
.@realDonaldTrump if you admit to liking his forward thinking. Hype The Inclusive Prosperity Act (H.R. 1144/S. 434)
anything U say is vague and off the ???? U belong in hospital
you don't think he has supper powers do you Donnie?
And that's why he did not become Chair? Just give it up!
How about saying something profound about the shootings and murder of Indian engineer in Kansas? Not important? So sad.
And your point?
Wish there was loans for poor people. I think the better business strategy isn't working out for the American in general
brag much? He also said you had tiny inauguration crowd. Because...that means more than ACA. Yemen. Russia.
I give you a solid A Mr. President. Just because the people don't hear you doesn't lower your grade!
That wasn't a compliment. Unless you think Russian hacking and FBI behaving improperly on your behalf, compliments!
Damn.  He was right.  But how did he know you would get 11 million less votes?  Hmmm.
The profet Kim Clement it said since the 2007. After of 10 years this culmined
He did his best. #MAGA #BuildTheWall
If your unjustified ego gets any bigger, even if they remove the WH roof, your enormous head will no longer fit in there.
...cuz it's ALL ABOUT YOU!
every thing in the world is not about you!
always about you...your narcism is really really anazing
I also knew U wud upset Hillary cuz COME ON!! She lost 2 Obama n 2008!! Plus like Obama she MARRIED into #somethinggreat!!
Just like a child, you think everything is about you. News flash ... it isn't.
it always has to be about you, doesn't it? Do you know how ridiculous you sound?! Pathetic!
He probably knew about the Russians! Independent investigation - NOW! Get rid of Trump!
guess that is why he lost
Democrats, like GOP, care about corporate donors, not winning elections. They are there 2 block progress same as GOP
keep going president trump real america is behind you
One said you would fail too...I am waiting for that one
Keep in mind The Muslim Brotherhood w Muslim in DNC. Nothing would shock me as 4 DNC fired already 4 lies, deception. 
How much did you fund him when you were biggest donor in the Democrats?
#RepulicanShame
one thing, but over and over and over again
is it kinda speech impediment, orange misfit ?
big difference the American ppl didn't vote for you , you cheated with the Russians to win .
#maga by being a president for all people.Heal divides.
Sie sind der beste Präsident und ein echter Mann I love USA
what a shame you did win. You are just destroying America after all it did for you. So unforgivable!!
because he saw how your racist campaign would spark timid bigots to come out in the open.
we understand U R a Narcissist but can you put down your phone #twitterfingers (Trump) and do your job?
You won nothing you corrupt warthog!
did he say that to you personally or your head just made it up from a delusion?
you Donald are a very sad, wrong man.
We know that you measure everything by how much YOU were AFFECTED by it.  That's how we know that you're an EGOMANIAC.
Fake President! Sad. Pence is far better man & 1000% REAL over a Fake Leader of none. Ask Bannon he has it all figured out!
All Americans deserve the same rights, not just the ones Bannon thinks deserves them. Convince him otherwise if you can
Stop with I would win. You are the President. Get over yourself and lead all of us
he realized that people are gullible.
FAKE PRESIDENT
why does it always have to be about you? Suppress your ego and open your heart.
It was only due to his stupidity that he was able to predict such madness.
please stop talking about the election. I supported you and am glad but its time to move on. Please.
yea with Russia's help!
the person that first predicted you would win is no predicting you will be impeached. Hmmm...
You and your 5 chins won thru fraud...with Russia's help.
good lord would you stop bragging how bigley you are?
So proud to have such an a-hole for a president. so embarrassing.
but you didn't win , you lost by almost 3,000,000 votes you tiny little fool , hahaha
yeah and that your crazy in the head
FK you
good luck Tuesday
i think Ellison would have been best choice so glad they picked prez instead
Still campaigning huh? IGNORANT.
me me me. He's got like 600 jobs to fill?  He believes he CAN run the country alone!   Ugh
It has always been "I"  never "us". He could care less about "us" only his wealthy corrupt buddies
I don't think he cares about them either! Only his own. At least I hope he cares about his family. Not convinced
He cares about how he LOOKS w/his family & that is why he dumps his wives when they 'age"
I didn't think of that.  Dammit.  Kids maybe?  Surly he cares about his kids besides,  Ivanka.
MAYBE NOW YOU'LL KNOW WHO FREDERICK DOUGLAS IS!
I did some digging and found many articles that Ellison supports Farakhan writings.
And your endorsement proves its value once again.
, sure, everything's about you, you child.
That's because he realized you were gaslighting people at your rallies.  #TheResistance
Because it's all about you.
YES A MUSLIM PREDICTED YOU'LL WIN!
One thing I will say about @realDonaldTrump, was one of the first to come out that the election would be rigged. Only truth he's told.
it's all about you, Donny, isn't it? Are you 3 years old? Grow up!
he knows your party is racist
Maybe one dem has something that has evolutionized into a brain cell.  Will take millions of years for the rest of them!
cause it's all about you Donnie
You are really disgusting!
@POTUS almost all the friends I know who voted for you did it begrudgingly-some cried-nothing to brag about
hey TRUMP... You won, GET OVER IT, ya dweeble
So did I.
it is just all about you isn't it?

if it's not about you .. it's not about anything ..
you're just odd.
u will get tired mr president
Wow. 7th sign of the Apocolypse, you actually said something nice about a Democrat...yup, world ending soon. #twit
yeah I knew you were going to win from jump Street) what's that got to do with anything? Do your job!
I beat Keith by predicting in March 2016 that you would win the election. Has anyone beaten that? Please let me know.
I think it was a warning not a prediction
win, win, win. Nobody cares.
Seriously, @realDonaldTrump, is everything about you?
U r really great at predictions. So were u able 2 predict which of your wives you'd divorce be4 u ever married them?

WRONG! He said you'd win if Dems didn't take the influence of your hate and bigotry seriously. Not that you'd just win.
tweet me :-)
shut up
Not only should you skip the WH press dinner. If its held by the white house you should cancel it the next 8 years.
You never stop, do you?
how much did you "promise" to pay him???
