Yeah Coal!!! I want to covert my natural gas furnace to coal because Soot is Good!
storing coal and getting it into the furnace is fun daily exercise
And the toxic unusable ash can be mixed with drinking water for the kids.
it can get nasty in oh so many ways:
The Lasting Damage of the Tennessee Coal Ash Spill https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/tennessee-coal-ash-spill/?wt.mc=SA_Twitter-Share … via @sciam
#Coal is a horrid investment.  Not only is it's ROI the poorest of all fossil fuels, and even among renewable energy, but factor in the cleanup costs and ROI even lower, the ONLY think keeping it alive is corporate welfare.
#CoalAsh is only one part of coal's problems
Interesting nugget: Trump’s Energy Department wants to *force* regional electricity grids to buy large amounts of coal. What free market? https://twitter.com/latimes/status/919678044960444416 …
True. It's an environmental disaster waiting.
Sad thing about this photo?   The pumpkins hold the intellectual high cards.
Priceless.

Coal is simply a bad investment. It cannot survive without government handouts. ROI far better with oil or natural gas, investing in coal futures or buying stock in companies heavily invested in coal is a obe-way trip to bankruptcy.
Trump is pushing coal because he is an expert in bankruptcy and wants to run the government like he runs his businesses 
True. If there was a Nobel Prize for Bankruptcy, Trump would have a dozen by now.  Just his U.S. bankruptcies number 6. He has some Canadian ones too.

@PressSec
When the remains of 4 soldiers ambushed in Benghazi returned home, both Obama and Clinton were there.

When the remains of 4 soldiers ambushed in Niger…
Coal?  Really??  That was popular during my grandfather's day(I'm 66) and he had HUGE health problems.
Good thing we're looking at clean coal energy now.
There's no such thing as clean coal energy.
It's been 11 days since 4 soldiers were ambushed in Niger. Not 1 word from WH. It was never about patriotism. Or the flag. Or the anthem.
It's been 11 days. Caskets are arriving at Dover while Trump golfs.
he sent because you are his liar in chief and because you feel as a proclaimed Christian, you can lie with impunity.
Such talk (3762) Vice President Pence is an honorable man and he doesn't lie. He supports making America Great again! So foes Ed Gillespie. 
That's a pretty pathetic looking pumpkin patch.  Or is that your orange head that just looks like a pumpkin?
So now are we substituting pumpkins  for Trump ? Good.
Isn’t coal a terrible industry for the planet as well as the workers down in the mines 
I get my electricity from windmills
Curious where you live the only city that is % wind is Sweetwater Tx
Trump accuser subpoenas campaign for documents on other allegations: report - The Hill
https://apple.news/A_pApG7AQQBGMpPdaUG0b8A …
Another stooge working for special interests.
Your a dumb ass.
I heard you are both trying to get a crowd but you are tied to Trump's ratings and now you're not doing too well in the polls either
Bring back the Walkman and VHS tapes!
Voted you and Trump in to give us jobs and make it great to live in America again. Thank you!! 
How’s that working out?
Pretty great. Unemployment at a 16 year low. Just getting started so get excited, Natasha.
A lot of those things on that list are horrible. The stock market is up....that’s about all I can give ya!
Trump benefits you regardless of your ability to understand yourself.
Is he fighting for women’s health?
yeah  dirty coal so out kids get asthma and breathing problems and will kill climate change. activities.    renewable energy is best. for us
Nobody wants to work in coal.
And for like the 735th time, coal got priced out of the market by natural gas.
Fracking boom = Coal crash
I'm only liking ur post because it's true. Natural gas may be cleaner than coal, but fracking leaves the surrounding areas heavily polluted.
I'm saying nothing of the virtues of nat gas.  Just saying that low nat gas prices made coal unattractive, not overregulation.
I kinda thought that might be true ;) Wasn't jumping down your throat! You've made some good points here. Thx
The modern GOP straight out of 1817
that is where he wants to go too make America Great Again
Coal is dead and you nimrods are still pushing it...go figure...
THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS AFFORDABLE COAL.  Leave the 19th century and at least come into the 20th where new ideas are working.
Polluting our air&water with coal,there are ppl in my state that can't drink their water because of coal ash pits
Affordable energy and Coal is an oxymoron, your administration is full of OXYMORONS
I dedicate this song to all the hard working coal miners who for too long have endured horrible conditions to make others wealthy....

MAGA
Sheesh,
You as a retired combat vet for some strange reason do not support a President that supports vets and strong military.  Thank you  4 serving
Trump has not even acknowledged the 4 Special Forces Soldiers killed in Africa.  I believe his fake patriotism is only for his base.
I think you're right Vern. Trump's history of fake ailments to avoid military service speak volumes about  his commitment to this country.
Yes let's all rely on #ANTIFA VIOLENCE FOR PROTECTION, JUST ANOTHER BS STORY BY #FAKEVETS#TrumpTrain
In the city where I live two brave white men were stabbed to death for trying to prevent an alt-right trump supporter from harrassing/1
two teenaged young women of color, one who was wearing a head scarf, on public transit. One of these men was a college student/2
Coal??? How about these new things called “sun” and “wind”? F’ing tools....

In a jaw-dropping lie, Trump falsely said Obama didn't call the families of dead soldiers.
Coal is done it's not 1950.
Fighting for coal?  Fighting for black lung disease?
Did you ask Mother if you could go to Virginia for this event?
Fuck coal!
excellent pumpkins :)
He said Coal now all the uneducated will vote for him. Just like they did Trump.
Soros ,dnc same thing
I’d appreciate if 1 of u leaders would step 2 th plate & speak up against injustices & inequality against black folk
#Leadership4alls
One problem is that these "leaders" don't have a clue, and they're too willfully stubborn to ask the question, so they walkout. #nocourage
How can I respect, honor, or value leaders like this.
#

I love the diversity! #GOPFools

You are complicit to evil @MikePenceVP
That's because he doesn't have a soul
His grandchildren will be apologizing for his behavior and treason to our true American values not too long from now
Much like Robert E Lee's descendants today.
You bet.
Why stop with coal?  Let’s bring back the horse and buggy industry?  Whaling and seal clubbing?
How's that coal thing going?
Hmmmm, Hey Mikey.....You think going down to Va to stump for Mr Gillespie helped him at all....Im sure all 50 people who showed up for your speech voted for him...Oh, BTW....Looks like Mueller has you in his cross hairs for Russia Collusion.... Think YOU might have screwed up huh
This tweet won’t age well.
#StopAfrinGenocide
He's fighting for White Supremacists everywhere. He's fighting for the bigotry & racism you adhere to. He's fighting to destroy the middle & working classes and to ignore the poor. IOW, He's just like you.
Nice pumpkins and hay bales to accompany the load of BS you are shoveling.  Real down home.
Pumpkins and hay bales? Stupid props!  This isn’t a county fair and your candidate SUCKS!
WE DON'T NEED COAL. GET WITH THE TIMES. #CLEANENERGY
Take away coal completely and our grid collapses and millions of people die. We don't need coal?
It was great seeing President Obama in Virginia today!  A class act and so professional!
He is not a bully. He never humiliated his own staff and party in tweets. It’s called class. He understands the political system.
All people were created by God. And all people are equal. No matter the color of their skin or sexuality. This is my belief.
I had many years of religious education. I do not preach. I volunteer to help people who are downtrodden. Help people who need help.


Please help truckers on elog
Coal is 19th century like your social views
Clean coal? Have you ever even seen a piece of coal Don? It's not clean & it's also an obsolete sun-setting energy technology. Stop already
Did they put all those pumpkins around to remind him that his boss would be watching him?
...and he's fighting to get away from "Mother" so he can have dinner with the chick he's seeing on the side.
Why would you be fighting for coal??  Coal is dirty ENERGY-we're supposed to be progressing to CLEAN energy. Wind turbines, solar power.
yes lets rush to turn back the clock and go back to the past.. who the F--k wants to burn coal?
NICE TO SEE YOU HAVE YOUR PIC TAKEN WITH THE TRUMP FAMILY
Quick...name ONE USA large utility co building a new generating facility which will run on coal?? Markets want Renewables & Nat Gas #WakeUp
Yada Yada Yada. Same old lies.
.@mike_pence is a paid protester for half-baked nationalism & owes taxpayers money for complicity in #FMOTUS scheme.
Trump is sabotaging Americans' heatlh care

Amer Cancer Soc - "will destabilize insurance markets + jeopardize access for people w cancer"
Trump cuts health cost sharing

Sen Collins:  "Low income people are  going to have a very difficult time, for some will be impossible."
Republicans demanding cuts to MEDICARE and ACA public health

to renew Children's Health Insurance program
CHIP expired 9/30 #ProtectOurCare
Trump eliminates health care cost sharing - will devastate Rural America

Sabotage + political blackmail - with Americans' lives + health
Stop attacks on health care!

Ralph Northam:
US Army Doctor
Pediatrician
+ @RalphNortham grew up on a Virginia farm
Fact:  Gillespie lobbied to keep student loan rates high

Lobbyist for Predatory Lenders for college costs
Send reinforcements to the US Senate - Stop Roy Moore

Doug Jones - Special Election -DEC 12
Donate:  http://dougjonesforsenate.com 
@GDouglasJones
Business: "Roy Moore is Bad for Business"

Chamber of Commerce refuses to endorse or spend for Moore

Support Doug:  http://dougjonesforsenate.com 
When Republicans "cut taxes," that means the rich get tax cuts, but the poor & lower middle class pay higher taxes FOR YOU. Not fair.
Do another tax funded Publicity stunt mini moron.  #1 moron threw Flynn under the bus.  You knew about his phone call to Russian ambassador!
He fighting for himself not the people he has you wrapped around his little finger  you cant think for yourself
See Kansas re: effectiveness of same ideology
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! What a load of BULLSH*T!
COAL is the past you twit.
ZOMG COLE!  It's got what plants crave (all sorts of stuff nasty for the environment).
We need renewable energy!
Flattering........
Yep right where pence should be  - the pumpkin patch.
Coal is poison and going the way of whale oil.
You are all fighting to make yourselves richer on the backs of the rest of us.  God will judge, Mr. Pence.


"he's is fighting for affordable. . ." you mean subsidies?!  No amount of bad grammar, pumpkins and hay will cover the outright corruption.

Yeah, nope>>>
Nice to see only pumpkins showed up to listen to your vile, craven ranting.

Are they bringing back 78 records and Model T's too ????
Disgusting that you have all of those orange Trump Busts around you.
I would've loved to see someone chuck a pumpkin to that fugly Pence
You both need to read this to ponder in your tiny souls what you can do to reflect this God bless McCain !
Quit sabotaging health care!
Lies
Power plants went to natural gas because it is cheaper than coal. Renewable energy is cheaper than coal
Note to self: vote against anyone endorsed by Trump or that #FauxChristian Pence
Who?
watch out there pencie, those pumpkins are touching.
Might be gay
He does what he told. lol
How does one fight for affordable energy and coal? Let that sink in for a moment, ...so bazaar. Coal is not affordable - try wind and solar.
Just another Nazi
Mikey, what are you going to do when the US runs out of coal?

NO SANE PERSON  WANTS COAL
Freaking liars are trying to make America theirs under their absolute control. the fools that support them are making it easy
Only an idiot would support COAL!
Coal! How shortsighted! Don't you care about your grandkids and their kids? @realDonaldTrump WE KNOW TRUMP DOESN'T CARE!! @IvankaTrump
It's 2017 WHY THE FUCK are we willingly trying to use coal. Are the two of you retarded
Bull dookey.  He's fighting for big oil and coal companies and putting more in his pocket and pocket of the 1%.  Fight for the middle class.
Let’s bring the country back to the 19th century!  Go coal!!
Monsters
I just read the New Yorker pres.said u would like to hang all the gay people ! Is that what Jesus would do ?
Uh yea I was talking to pence not the pres.
Oh yeah coal...how about bringing back the rotary phone, you fools!
Instead of coal let’s return to wood
Cutting taxes and providing an ostensibly “safer” VA (Virginia or Veterans Admn.?) doesn’t make sense—the tweet or the tax policy—pls adjust

Because coal is the future lmfao. What next steam powered trains. Bunch of idiots...
From the foul mind of a proven liar  and bigot.
America put man on the moon & are still reaching out. Pence wants to go back to the dark ages where cave men wouldn't eat lunch with a woman
Coal is not the way to go. Unless YOU have significant NEW investments in the coal industry. tRUMPING AMERICA, AGAIN!
Coal?
Tell them the truth Mike.  Coal is finished in the US.  Retraining is necessary.
Updating a brilliant cartoon from Day 100. Not much has changed in this failed presidency.
【天朝之最】经济最虚，文化最烂。外交最弱，军事最熊。
   房价最高，医药最贵。教育最差，就业最难。
    犯罪最凶，假货最多。 污染最重，环境最劣。
   工人最苦，农民最穷， 学生最累，股民最惨。
   旗帜最红，理论最好。口号最响，实干最少。
Coal?????? You people are the real Neanderthal 
Leading the way. Backwards!

Hoe
Is he going to hang those pumpkins?
England is looking to stop use COAL by 2025 --- if not sooner. NOT FAKE NEWS.
Like with other programs  @realDonaldTrump & his admin are moving the country back instead of forward.  Go forward w/ renewable energy.
The stunt Pence pulled off at the foot ball game cost us ,the tax payers $200,000  . Pence is a dirt bag Shame on him .
If you want to help Coal miners, create a re-training program for clean, sustainable energy jobs in solar/wind/hydro. Coal is dead.
Well apparently you want to hang a portion of the population according to @potus... and you actually think you’ll have his job in 6 months?
Secretly @mike_pence you are homosexual there's nothing wrong with it: please free yourself mother won't care we know you ain't hitting that
Give up guys.  You and trump are on the wrong side of history!
But no jobs will be added just misery looking at slag heaps and polluted rivers.
Let's recover our honor and Democratic values w/ @RalphNortham . Our value system is going down the toilet. #WeAreBetterTogether
Is black lung covered under your new health plan?
Gillespie likes coal so much, give him a lump in his Christmas stocking.
PENCE U R A #LAIR LIKE UR BOSS
Crazy Mikey complicit in Flynn Russian scandal embarrasses America openly fawning over worst people Delusional Donnie toxically supports!
Crazy Mikey & Gillespie & Delusional Donnie--sure go for the trifecta in stupid on expensive coal that can never be clean or affordable!
BAD
Coal?  Liar. Coal is dead—as it should be.
@POTUS Coal is a past-tense economy. Find the miners a new economy that doesn't contribute to our extermination.
#PresidentJackass 


... @mike_pence is fighting his urge to think. Still think @realDonaldTrump is ANY kind of Christian?

#TrumpTaxes will explain #TrumpRussia
Need lot off  $,Pound,Euro,easy only 1hour.do not late,limit offer first follow this by Instagram.Instagram.https://www.instagram.com/akh_ijaz/ 

Did they get those jobs back? Dirty Energy....
COAL! WAKE UP AND SMELL THE SOOT.
Yay coal!
fricking religious psycho
Here's a wacky suggestion. Why not genuinely support working people by growing a renewables industry to employ them...?
... Rather than thinking short term and supporting an industry that means those states will get left behind in the future?
Virginians know that coal is not the answer. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
Coal? Surely not - must be renewables! Coal is damaging to our environment.
And he thinks your a political disaster!

#Resign
You make Dick Cheney look like Mother Theresa!
