Come to the cry of the Iranian people, dear Tramp
Maybe Vlad can help!??? #fakepresident
No one's going to vote for a piece of shit, except those senators in the pocket of big insurance and pharma. Try making healthcare better!
Millions will suffer because of you and your inability to lead. If even one person suffers because of you. Should be impeached
When are they going to earn their salaries?
What a cry baby.  It's too hard to pass legislation that nobody likes.  Let's change the rules.
Democrats want to fix Obama care and not repel it .  They want to keep Obama's legacy alive!
POTUS, we need to vote most of these guys out. Start a Trump tea party in every state. Vote out establishment of both parties.
We have never had a time like this where its so right to do this. This would be draining the swamp 
But keep signing bills renaming post offices! You're doing great there!
Okay Donald, HERE'S an idea.  While Obamacare may not be perfect, it works. So, maybe to save face, keep Obamacare and call it Trumpcare.
No way in hell !!!
I know want is hard.  For you, everything is.  You only needed a simple majority, which you had.  Get a clue.  Bad policy.  #FakePresident
The Founding Fathers were very smart. Can't change the rules because it doesn't suit your agenda.

6 months in and you've accomplished nothing except signing executive orders that can be immediately reversed by the next President.
Crazy like the voting system that enabled you to 'win' the election 

Not to mention the help you got from putin putin his hand in
Thank god for those 8 dems!!
Can you spell looser? That's what you are.
Ain't gonna happen 
Sorry you're having such a hard time talking health care and Medicaid away from millions of sick and disabled. Tough to be you
If you can’t win, change the rules?
@WordSmithGuy How about you shut up with the talking points and show us you have actually read the dang bill.
Yes let's do that. In the house and senate! Only need 51 to impeach and then convict your ass.
For someone who claims to win bigley a lot, you sure keep trying to change the rules.   #ImpeachTrumpNow
.I know you are lazy and want things your way, but have you ever heard of the word compromise?  Probably not, look it up @MerriamWebster
And since the @SenateDems do not want to work, then the taxpayer sure the hell should not be giving them a paycheck...but oh yeh, lobbyist
Your minion, McConnell, did that already.
The motion picture industry was consciously used per breaching method that cultivated "criminal insidiousness" natures/roles blamed other...
Thank you for admitting you are Crazy !
it's called checks and balances.
Don't like the results, change the rules, cheater! It's a 2 party system, input from all is needed. Dems deserve representation! Bozo!
That's called the Constitution. Don't like it? You're welcome to leave
Mr. President you can't rely on the same corrupt republicans that helped pass Obamacare! They will block and hold up everything you do!
I know, you're crazy!
Crazy? Is you. Go away!!!!!
Can we all now admit that @realDonaldTrump is NOT a deal maker? Just like his hair & business record, it's #fakenews
Say it with me.... we'll do this slowly... bi... par...ti...san. Stop trying to close the democrats out of everything, then blame them.
Do you support a vigourus social safety net?
You are comparing confiscating the right to life from an unborn child to the situations they may face in the world. False comparison.
Not false comparison. A clump of cells is not a child.
Unless you care about the quality of life of the baby after birth, you are not pro-life, you are pro- birth.
I have plenty of argument, but I have doubts you're interested in anything I have to say on the matter about rape, poverty, autonomy, etc
Subsidizing the invasion of the US with 100s of BILLIONS p.a. in welfare,etc. for aliens harms all honest CITIZENS!
Wasting 100s of BILLIONS on pork barrel scams harms all honest CITIZENS!Stopping both crimes can help CITIZENS by saving $1 TRILLION p.a. to fund REAL TAX CUTS
Why talk shit about Donald? You supported him. He won because of voters like you.
From 2007-2015, the Dems had control of the Senate. During that time Republicans filibustered 643 times--1/3 of all filibusters in history.
But I seriously wonder if you even knew this before you became President. You're sort of unaware of how things actually work.
But all that aside, you seem to be unaware that you don't even have 51 votes. But hey, we all know facts don't matter to you.
Pond scum to the left of me slugs to the right of me, all swimming in the Washington money swamp.
OK.
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control ...
SO JUST LET IT GO..AND WHAT WILL BE WILL BE LE5 THE RINOS THAT DIDNT HELP POTUS  FACE THE AMERICA PEOPLE IN 2018
This man is active on Twitter than in the Whitehouse
#ReleaseTheMemo
Hang in there! Just repeal bill!
Do you understand that the reason for 60% is to make sure both parties work together and represent the people - not the party
It is crazy...... That you believe 8 Democrats control the Senate, when we hold no majority anywhere. You need to see a physician. #Dementia
GOP has a majority in senate. #Trumpcare doesnt have the GOP votes
dont blame others, blame that horrible bill. 
ACA is law, stop sabotaging
Well then, I guess 2018 had better change that! Get ALL REAL Republicans in the Senate ! No more RINO's or Dems. Kid Rock will help that out
Yeah well, that"s been their go to weapon.. when the bunk lies, inuendos of crooked, racist bull dont work. We're voting em out next year!
Shameful that you think social media is a place to govern America from. It is not progressive. it is a reckless.
If you can't beat 'em, cheat 'em!
Just think of how much havoc some one like Obama could have done his first two years under the 51 rule?  America would have been worse.
But we can't do anything with only 52.
Best answer is to elect 59 with VP being 60 vote. Even approaching that number will scare other Dems to get on board.
You don't know how government works, you don't know how math works, what do you know?

Please take a Civics class!
You nailed it! Schumer controls the senate.
If you create a health care plan to eliminate Obamacare that is never going to go anywhere you have to focus on unite United as one
51 out of 100 IS the Majority.
Nope, you should have the courage President Obama has.
Excellent idea Mr. Potus! If the Dems had control, they would do it in a heart beat! Rally the troops!make he change! Pass repeal!
Yep you're right, why not just go for only Senators that agree with you can vote ? Oh Steve Bannon already said that ? Sorry.
Consider asking Sessions to help you by resigning. New AG takes role from Rosentein and fires Mueller. Good cause=Dems on team + leaks!
Resign
That doesn't work for Americans.
Said it many times! No 60vote rule nConstitution-Procedural-Instituted by Senate-LESS THN 60VOTES BLOCKS PASSAGE-Y NOTHING GETS DONE N WASH!
It is called democracy and the avoidance of tyranny by a majority.
I know! I mean why don't we just cancel Congress entirely and make the USA a subsidiary of Trump International!
Seven Dems, and one DimWit, John McCain.
It amazes me how surprised you always seem to be with our system of checks and balances. You literally have no clue how our government works
Stop paying them they will fold
How much can you rig the system to have your way?
you do realize that you don't need a sigler democratic vote to pass a bill?? your own party doesn't think that bill is good enough
FIRE FAKE FBI MUELLER! ARREST CLINTON OBAMA SOROS!
it takes crazy to know crazy
60 is a fairly new rule designed by Dems when they were in a majority. Constitutionally it takes 51.
Send' m to hell mr.
"I don't like these rules so I'm gonna change em so I win. Neener neener." - This tweet.
Boss man, it's not about the rules, it's all about winning, correct?! The number one rule is.......... there are no rules??!!
What does fbi have on sessions? He give Trump no cover!$$$
Ha...you can't get the required votes, so you just want to lower the amount of votes needed....have you lost your mind Mr. President?

Now if somebody made Schumer an offer he couldn't refuse...Of course, Schumer would sound like Ackbar over the phone to them!
It's fine, just the way it is! 60
Crazy like a fox
Your genocide of the old pour and sick plan fail
You're up to your fake hair in Russian connections -- attacking Mueller and Rosenstein proves it -- you're the biggest fake in Washington
8 dims and 3 GOP women
What's crazy is that the @POTUS doesn't know how the system works and first idea when he can't get his way is to cheat!
Actually, 52 Republican senators control the Senate majority. Senate bill to repeal & replace Obamacare needed 51 votes.
What's wrong Donnie, you learning even the republicans think you suck
Let's move to a majority rules electoral system.
yeah, you don't get to do that.  we need to go back to a simple majority with rare filibusters.  the republicans changed this. change back
Dude your deal making was not supposed to rape America of its long standing laws set up by people way smarter then yourself.
Manny changes are needed in the Senate!
Only option may be Article 5, The Founders gave us a gift, Think...
Too pathetic for words. How do they keep their jobs without really caring about the American people???
That wacky Constitution!
The Senate must get off their "butts" and do something for a living like oust @SpeakerRyan and pass tax cuts & repeal&replace OCare or Go!
You FAILED.  Give it up. The people think YOU'RE crazy.
Sorry, my last tweet was unfair to loud-mouth know-nothings who should not b compared 2 u. They r entitled 2 some respect.
Dear Mr @POTUS  Please urge @MitchMcConell to "Go Nuclear Now" Change back to 51 Votes! Dems Lost control.  "Make America Great Again"
You seem upset. Are you fit for this job?
Not as crazy as you.
If you want to help Americans who are suffering under ACA then by-pass incompetent GOP and approach Dems on fixing existing health law.
"Trump has changed his health care approach 3 times in 36 hours"  You really need to critically think before speaking.  Worst POTUS ever.
"You’re going to have such great health care, at a tiny fraction of the cost—and it’s going to be so easy." - Donald J Trump, October 2016
The only crazy one is you. Truly amazingly uniquely unabashedly CRAZY.
I'm going to remember you as the big mouth would couldn't do the deal.....You want me to utter those same words your famous for??????
President Trump - please help Minnesota! Please!
No, it's called "bipartisanship," you dolt! Which is exactly what something of this magnitude requires! #cooperation #consensus #bigwords
@SheriffClarke GOP is going down the  hill,  we must wake up and fight hard on every issue  or Liberals will take over!!
@SenateGOP  can vote to change the rules.
The best Health Care bill in all of History would be nixed by Democ"rats"!
. You really need to be commited.  Trying to get Sessions to quit, Little Donnie is upset, blaming Dems AGAIN!  #35thAmendment
@lis16stev Can't the VP override this?
have to work w/others & compromise. Can't pull the autocratic, barely legal bullshit you are used to in the corporate world

You cocksuckers control both houses and the oval office and your sniveling about 8 Democrats. Where is that leadership you brag about?
You can't change the rules just b/c u can't get your way-that is a dictatorship. U r the master of the deal?  Get dems in a room & make deal
CALL YOUR SENATOR TO VOTE 'NO' ON HEALTH CARE BILL (202) 224-3121
True. Crazy you are.
Fk you

That's not how democracy works ...
Dems control Senate? You ain't seen nothing' yet ... wait till 2018!
You have no idea what you are talking about or what you are doing, other than giving our country away to Russia. You are a horrible man.
You really, REALLY don't understand how a government works, do you? Sometimes I think you're kidding...maybe you aren't.
The system is rigged in favor of the Democrats! Drain that swamp!
Pelosi needs to resign, she is out of control !!! MAGA......
YES, @POTUS! I've been urging @SenateMajLdr McConnell 2 do this 4 MONTHS! What in THE hell is he waiting 4?
Is Democracy getting in the way again T-bag!?
I bet your boss doesn't have this much trouble in Russia?
#impeach45 #RussiaGate

You think that everyone will continue falling for your playing the victim for 4 or 8 years? Hate to break it to you, but...
Heuehsjwi
What happened to draining the swamp? Can't work with people you don't agree with? Guess you're not very good at your job then.
Nothing "crazy" Mr. Trump - It is called DEMOCRACY.
8 people do not control the Senate. 8 people stop You from causing more harm to America's most fragile citizens. Sellout.
Mr. President I'm sorry to inform you Democrats are not obstructing your agenda the traitorous and yellow belly worthless Republicans are
Change, cheat, tweak, fire, lie, embellish, threaten, undermine, stiff, confuse, and so on. Is this the only way you know how to win? Sad!
You think healthcare costs just $12 / year. What makes you think you can even count to 51 dummy?
You don't even have 51 votes.
Face it @realDonaldTrump, Rs control all 3 branches; you're just a lousy leader. U s/b FIRED. You said only you could do it. WRONG!
Why not just go to two votes?
Do it, make the change. The Dems changed it to serve a purpose, GOP SHOULD DO THE SAME. Do it! A majority is a majority!
Hey Dictator Trump, it's called checks & balances, which U never learned because your wealth made it so U didn't have to do any school work
@TeamOneHealth
Uh, you don't have the support of ALL the Reps, that's the rub.
The only thing keeping us upright, @DNC
The whole point in 60 votes is to get people to work together and make compromises. You know... like how deals are normally made.
Where was this complaint when your party, #PresidentTrump, was that obstruction
Welcome to Democracy!
@POTUS You Promised Better Healthcare
USA Watching You
Deep State is After You
Both Parties are Split
Use Bipartisanship
#Medicare4ALL
#MAGA
Get rid of scum in gop or we will..instant small goverment they all will be gone but 2 maybe 6
No 45 what's crazy is u wanting to change the rules of our government.
Dems never touch legislation votes it has been 60 votes for the entire Obama Admin. Do ur research, Filibuster's yes, Legislation NO!!
i have no problem debating issues, but i'm not gonna waste my time with someone who has no substance in tweets.
well not with me u don't.
So you can be more of a dictator ???
But you aren't even getting the Republican votes!
you wrote that as if you just learned it.  what are you doing in the white house you ignorant d-list celebrity?
It's called democracy. You're out of your league.
And 1 president can't control things. Control freak can't make things happen that's wrong!
So do it!!!! Let's start getting stuff done!!!!!
