We elected you despite:

Media collusion
Foreign donations
Donna Brazile cheating
Voter fraud
GOP never Trumpers
George Soros
Trump won because of: Wikileaks, Russian hacking, Comey. His presidency is illegitimate.
Wait you forgot this list
Michael.
Donald mate, you won, we know. Obviously only 25% of the country voted for you, but you did win that bit, but not the popular vote, ok?
Just the facts
That's the percentage of the people that voted my friend. 49% of the country didn't vote
No worries, easy mistake to make 
74 Million people voted against him you might say. It's comforting to know not half the people are too stupid to see through his farce.
Get over it, Donny. More people voted for her.
But.....he won! You need to get over it.
I am. Your toddler president is not. Keeps tweeting about it
To everyone arguing with Judy : THAT IS A BOT ACCOUNT. You are wasting your time. 
Thank you. Yeah, we need to be careful of these now. Hopefully @Twitter is doing something about bots
What is the best thing to do when we find a bot?
...there is no option that says "it is a Bot" in the Report Tweet link.
There should be, though.
Don't you have more important things to do than tweet about this.
And likewise! Hahahaha
If I am not the president and have better things to do, than he for SURE does hahaha thanks for proving my point :)
Mhm! Have a good day!

Country of origin? Can you use that in a tweet? 
the election is over. you won. shut up about it.
like literally what the fuck is wrong with you.
if she was still fucking going on about the election in goddamn may? yes, I would.
she's not fucking president.
Yes, she's the crooked one....
The election is over. Who cares. Also, you invited her to your wedding.
Damn!!! @realDonaldTrump you just got roasted by Jesus lol
It's not a roast to you so don't worry about it
Thats Past. Youre like a psycho ex that brings up fights from 5 years ago cause you're losing the fight we're having Right Now. #loser
WHY ARE YOU STILL TALKING ABOUT HILLARY? That's like me still talking about the guy who didn't get my pizza parlor receptionist job over me.
Because they know the truth. The in charge is fake.
1/
•True leader accepts pub. blame all errors/failures, bestows on others all praise
•You do EXACTLY opposite
•Shows world: impotent leader
2/
•Current Trump blame radar targets incl. commun's team
•Consider 1st public Yemen read: after stating so often that post-inaug YOU alone
3/
•would make such decn's, you inconsistently declared it a great success BUT kept defaulting to blaming failures/deaths on, eg,
4/
BHO (to whom you always return), "the Generals," "the military," "the SEALS" involved.
•No wonder US Army "accidentally" tweeted attached
The democrats still haven't figured out why they lost. 

Shhh. Let's get you reelected, then you can tweet everything. 
please sir LOCK HER UP
For WHAT, Trumpster? Exactly what reason?
Because she's a crook!!!
What are the formal charges? In which jurisdiction were they filed, and when were they filed?
You calling anyone "crooked" is hilarious!
Why don't you shut the fuck up about Hillary already?!
Says the guy in a federation outfit.
Yup ugly as hell. Magic the gathering? Isn't
that that card game you played last night
in your mom's basement? 
That the best you got?
That's the best you got? Not much of a stretch there. And you're supposed
to be funny?  Well I guess you are if we're talking looks.
Knocked out by you? LOL not with that crappy material you use.
As for your podcast, I don't do freebies.
#DesperateforaPodcastguest
Popular vote don't count!  Electoral college counts.  Last I saw,. HE WON!  She LOST.  Get over it.
Maybe you should tell Mr. President that, it seems he can't GET OVER IT.
No Olivia...Its not POTUS, he is trying to do good for the American People, meanwhile, Hillary just can't accept her loss!  Wake UP.
She didn't lose she won the pop vote which is the democracy of our country being crushed
Popular don't count.  Read your Constitution.
You like the electoral you hate democracy
Wrong. We have 50 states.  Our votes count.  Not just NY and CA
I didn't say your votes didn't count the electoral college changes nothing though you can win just big states and still win
@MickSnowden hold on....... isn't this exactly what @POTUS does?
Pretty sure one of these people are eventually going to snap and end up dick-punching you

Sir. Has no one told you that you won? Did you not wonder why you'd moved house?
U shld worry more abt Sessions, Kushner, Flynn, Page, Manafort, Cohen, Stone etc. They'll all b singing soon. The Feds r closing in. #Trump
Why the fuck would she blame herself when she won 3 million more votes than you you slope skulled anus?
But yet, you say the race is rigged. It was rigged
You won with the help of Ruusia.
Hey love, she's not the one being investigated by the FBI or being accused of attempting to interfere with a federal inquiry. Just sayin'
Hilary will fill much better following Russian/DJT collusion investigation.
YOU WON!  Stop stomping your feet, #crybabytrump
You cheated, you fucking loser. You wouldn't be there without @PutinRF. The world LOATHES you, as does your country. #MOSTHATED

AAAAAAAMEN!
That awkward moment when Comey reveals Russia did not influence the election at all...
When will you realize the campaign is over and start actually governing? You sound like a kid bully trying to pick a fight ALL the time.
I don't recall Obama needing to do this while he was prez but I guess that's the difference between a President & a reality star
You realize you're the president, right?
You should know. Look who's crooked!
At least her son-in-law didn't commit treason to make her happy.
Why are we still talking about Hillary? #forreal

You are right.  It only helped make him the most powerful politician in the world.

What kind of petty sociopath can't even be gracious when they've won? You WON, let Clinton live her life.
Because he knows he didn't get the most votes even with the Russian help. He keeps the electoral map in his desk to show people! Insane
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE CAMPAIGN PROMISE OF NO CUTS TO MEDICARE!
She's still better than you. At everything.
Shut up and do your job.
"If only Hillary could be as gracious in defeat as I was in victory."
She was..even in her silence she was constantly attacked..STOP and do your job..and live in the now..so embarrassing..
Dude it's time to move on. You're like an ex that can't let go...........how do we get you closure Donny?!
It is his insecurity over losing the popular vote!
Waaaah. Waaaah. THE ELECTION IS OVER. Will you can it about Hillary already and focus on your job (while you still have it)?
#Obsessed (it's kind of embarrassing, you should probably stop)
Duuuude you are obsessed 

Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia.
When will you prosecute her? @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #LockHerUp
There is nothing to prosecute her for or it would have been done sometime in the last 25 years....keep up.
Yes there is. But she kills #SethRich and everyone that has info. against her.
Yeah, and she has a sex trade operation in the basement of a pizza parlor....give it up.
No, that was when they took Jeffrey Epstein's Lolita Express to that private island w/underaged girls(boys)
Oh okay...did you actually get a degree in conspiracy theories or just basically very gullible??
Mr. President, you feel the need to comment on this because:
Get. Over. It. Snowflake.

Yep, I'd say she's sensitive alright
Don't lash out at Hillary just because you're terrified about your imminent indictment and inevitable imprisonment.
Relax. You've been such a хороший мальчик that I'm sure Putin will arrange for someone to take care of you on the inside...with polonium 210
Please .. Donald .. shut up . Ur making us crazy
you liberals trolling our potus are all blocked by the great wall of Trump. He can't see any of your tweets. Lol
Dude.
Shut your mouth, moron.
The most hated President in the nation and now in the world. You must be proud of yourself. Btw, you LOST the popular vote.
Hey Monica's boyfriend's wife, Monica wants her beanie back.
I know calling people names is your thing, but explain what's crooked about a woman never convicted of a crime. U paid 25 mil for fraud
.
It's an element of his pathology. See attached analysis.
.
Every one of those points applies to both Barry Soetoro and HRC, and most of Congress on both sides of the aisle.
Lies. Lies. Lies. Start with one simple fact. 30 yrs of her tax returns are on line. Trump's are hidden.  Why?
i think you have some huge crush on her, seeing you can't stop talking about her
People only go on and on about people they feel are more important than they are. #FridayFeeling
The majority did not elect you. You won the unpopular vote #trumpRussia #covfefe
She's crooked? Honey, you couldn't poor water out of a boot if the instructions were on the sole. 
Hilary was heck of alot better then you. #notmypresident
Corrupt Narcissistic Trump is under FBI investigation. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP are complicit.
Yes 45. We remember. #minoritypresident
She doesn't ever take responsibility. She is the most evil witch on earth and that's why I voted for TRUMP.  GO TRUMP!! God bless you & fam.
Gallop Poll declares President Obama & Hillary Clinton MOST Admired persons of the Year...Sorry Charlie--I mean Donnie
I saw her blame 39 things in one hour as to why she lost. Someone who refuses to accept the outcome of an election is a danger to democracy.
3 million more votes then you. Sad face trump
It's June 3rd, 2017. I can't believe you're still coming with this!

Who is in the White House and who is making excuses for losing? 
Pretty sure I've heard you say how great she is so......
Calling people "crooked", etc..is REAL presidential of you. Stop tweeting like a pre-teen & leave the insults on the playground.
You are the crook Trump...
U were the terrible candidate.If it weren't for outdated electoral college U would have lost as you should have for the health of USA
you never would  have won  without cheating  crooked Donny  you need  to be locked up
Boy you must be scared of her. Even now. Says a lot about you. Resign.
Monica's boyfriend's wife needs 2 just go home & live with this dude for the rest of her life. I can't think of anyone who deserves him more

White head eagle, the symbol  the United States.    
I still love how you refer to her only as Crooked Hillary!  Please #LockHerUp 
why are you STILL up her ASS?! You're president now! Enough with the tantrums. My 4yr old acts better than you. #getoverit
Hillary's hopes of being the Queen of Sheba are over. Replace her pantsuits w/orange jumpsuit.Takes the guessing out of dressing! God Bless!
If she was such a "terrible candidate," why did she win the popular vote?
I agree Donald J, I think we need to get that special prosecutor after Hillary and lock her ass up! Go 45, MAGA!
You are so obviously scrambling to throw the guilt onto someone else.  It is pathetic and embarrassing. PLEASE RESIGN NOW! #MATFA
#BOYCOTTALLTHINGSTRUMP!
She keeps pointing 3 fingers back at herself..SHE'S the reason she lost. She just can't believe it so now she's down to blaming the DNC
She must b having a breakdown.. & we all get 2 watch. Her fam needs to keep her secluded although I am enjoying watching her downward spiral
So... remind me again, why isn't she in jail? #HillaryforPrison
She's a crook lock he up! Hillary and obama should have a cell across from one another, dam criminals
Donnie plz put that poor lady in prison already!
It's everyone's fault but hers, she is a liar.  I wish you would set up a committee to research the Clinton Foundation.
i just want to clarify i didnt know i retweeted this ? Lol if you know me you know that was a mistake. Okay PSA over
She's a chump
Crooked Hillary needs to go back to the woods.... we are done and over with this has been!
#LockHerUp It is time for her to pay the piper!
Until she faces prosecution for perjury,mishandling classified info, money laundering, pay-play, etc,etc,she will never shut up ad go away.
Once again, name-calling is not presidential.
Take the high road .  Let the DOJ investigate her and her the Clinton scams.
By the way,
Great Job  !   Mr. President
At least Hillary wouldn't have been ignorant enough to withdraw the US from the Paris Agreement on climate change.
No shame. You lose by 3 million and accidentally win by 140,000. Jeopardy is trying to figure out the question to this crazy answer
Now she's giving speeches almost daily as if she's the POTUS. #CrookedHillary #Delusional #Dangerous #Hypocrite
We get it. You won. Repeatedly bringing the loosing team into it is called being a sore winner
A true leader owns up to his/her mistakes!!! She's in DENIAL!!!
Stop blaming others for your complete lack of intelligence. 
I feel sorry for anyone who still supports you. They are so misguided.
#hillary is mental! Keep fighting for us #trump train # drain the swamp
3 million more people voted for a terrible candidate than you. Without Russian propaganda you would have lost electoral vote, too.
move on. you sound like an ex boyfriend of hers.
he is the dummest president  ever and u talk about Obama
You are now the President of the United States of America.  When will you start behaving in accordance with that title? U are embarrassing!
that is EXACTLY what u do #trump #illegitimatepresident
Terrible trump, Go to work!
Why don't you worry about your own failures?!
Still hiding behind Hillarys skirt? More smoke to hide your failures. SAD
Didn't you say you would stop tweeting when you became president when you were on the campaign trail? Keep more promises and less golf.
axc
My goodness! You're such a phuqing #snowflake. If she's really #CrookedHillary then #LockHerUp Otherwise #STFU about it. You're just whining
You really sound like an 8 yr old with the continual "crooked" Hillary. SHE isn't under FBI investigation. YOU ARE. Time to face reality
LOCK HER UP PLEASE ENOUGH ALREADY OF COMMITTEES THAT GET NOWHERE. SHES GUILTY WE HAVE PLENTY OF CRIMES LYING FOR ONE
You're an embarrassment.
She beat you.  The system beat her, but she beat you -- by a lot.
Just because you won doesn't mean you were a good candidate.  Just means you are a good conman.
#Hillary Clinton lost not because of Russia she lost because she's Hillary Clinton

If the Russians were at the RNC  convention in 2016 & talk 2 everyone Why were they not at the DNC convention also They were as sleepers
You more stupid than anyone.Hillary is 1000 times better than you
So were you
Lock her up!
That's so evil & ppl need to understand she is not care for the USA or the ppl.its all about who she can take money&make her self rich
Wrong.
U know, the way U continually ramble on about Hillary, I'm starting to think you might have a bit off a crush on her. Donnie loves Hillary!
So today - I wonder how many people wonder if they might have been smarter to research facts, rather than embracing rhetoric. #ImpeachTrump
YOU were the terrible candidate. incompetent at your job, and also a traitor and a crook who is destroying this nation!
The election is over sir.
Stop campaigning and start fulfilling your promises. 
Your about 120 days behind schedule on defeating ISIS.
Sorry Trump...You are the one who blames everyone but yourself!! Delusional!!
"Crooked Hillary"?!?! What other world leader disrespects themselves this way?
As someone who thinks you're both shit, can I just say: get over it.
hello

Lock the felon up.
Why don't you try to figure out how to be an effective president. 4 months after the election, still attacking Hillary. Not sad- PATHETIC!
Crooked Donald trump is blaming everyone except himself. He cannot lead this country. His whole team is crooked. Resign!
She was a better candidate than you. She got 3 million MORE in the popular vote than you did. More people like her than you.
More dead people voted    @HillaryClinton  then ever before 
only thing crooked is you and that toupe
Crooked who?  Hillary not being investigated by Special Counsel Robert Mueller or multiple congressional committees!  Who's crooked?
The DEMOCRATS are even attacking anti-Hillary Clinton supporters on the net sabotaging their social network accounts ?? 8/ DIRTY POLITICS!8(
Go back to your Russian nesting dolls and leave the thinking to intelligent adults. Run along to your room and play little boy. SAD!
Reading these Moron's tweets. Dems worried about all the handouts and fraud. That crap is SO OVER. GET A JOB
এক্রস
SHE has the ♡ of AMERICA --NOT YU
Who the duck  cares!! I voted for u and u have not delivered!!! Focus Mother F*cker! Focus on the issues!! Puerto Rico?
Aww you still upset that she got more votes then you
see crowdsource the truth on @YouTube
Terrible candidate is still way better than Terrible president. If ure still talking about her she clearly won.
Have some class. This tweet is not even remotely presidential.
I think you need pshycological help.
Call her names all you like, you will never  change her massive win over you with the voters.  Sorry Donny, you're just not as popular.
Please try and do your job as POTUS. This means stay off twitter. Please as a country we are begging you.
Can't you just let it go that you did not win the majority votes on Election Day!
Carbon footprints are made by fans of H.C.
Hollywood should take note!
The word CROOKED is fit for you trumpet, LIAR The behavior you've shown is the reflection of your parents upbringing! Maleducated!
Donald blames Obama and everyone else for Trump being a bad president.
What a loser can't believe we have a third grader as president
Hillary was and is a disgrace to her self, her family, her party and the country. #lockherup P.S. Happy Birthday President Trump #MAGA
Please let us know what you have ever accepted the blame for.  Ever. You couldn't even accept your small crowds/loss of popular vote.
Grow up.  Only toddlers call people names.
She's a FUCKIN LOSER!!!! @HillaryClinton
would you kindly ban the bilderberg group
#DONTHECON when you call someone names that name is more likely to reflect a particular talent of yours. Crooked, lying, low energy, mango 
The FBI is investigating YOU. So who's crooked?
LOL God She SUCKS!
She is a pathetic, bitter, old, criminal career politician who lost twice! Get lost in the Connecticut Woods! 
Wonder how many #Americans know how you come up w/ those clever nicknames. 

LENINIST #SteveBannon "deconstruct #America" @BreitbartNews #RT
Who produced and directed your cabinet meet this morning. Total fiction. "There's no business like show business".
How do you feel knowing that Hillary's tweet mocking you got a 1/2 MILLION more likes?  You can even beat her popularity on Twitter. SAD!
YOU, Cheeto, are #notmypresident
You were the terrible candidate and now here we are...in the shit!
yeah, so "terrible" she beat you by almost 3 million votes.
#Resign  #treason against our Country would mean prison. Comey will sing..
You always scream Hillary when you r  worried. Everybody knows. We are sending you to prison for treason.#Trumprussia #ImpeachTrumpNow

Interesting 
.@realDonaldTrump the Mother of all Memes
#MarchForTruth #resistpeacefully
Stop tweeting to your Russian bots.
And crooked Donald Trump continues to profit his businesses via his elected office.
