but, the lying.  The lying. Why don't you understand?
"set up"? Sounds about right.
DON'T let The Dems undermine our COUNTRY &VALUES The chaos &distractions Rruining lives &property 2cover their own Disgrace
This is all a setup because HiLIARy lost. The Obama administration had plans to continue under HiLIARy. POTUS
you need to go after Obama and Hillary,,, these people are evil and tried to sellout the country, so much evidence,,,plzsir
Then why did @jeffsessions about it?
YES! There was NOTHING wrong and NOTHING to hide, so we DIDN'T hide anything and we NEVER lied! It's all FAKE NEWS!
keep drinking that kool aid
so why did he lie about it? Do you ever work or just bitch and golf? Legit question from real Americans 
Why don't you take a look at the "100 days" so far instead of getting you're NEWS from twitter
It is not the meeting, but the lie under oath about it happening.  Please keep up.
I think anymore when democrats are allowed to enjoin a vetting process, the candidate have a lawyer present.
The cabinet vetting process hasn't changed, or the expectation for the truth under oath.
I think since the left will use the bill Clinton rule of changing the meaning of the word "is" refs are needed.
Bill Clinton was impeached and disbarred.  Final answer?
Obama and his wife were disbarred also.  Crooked lawyers all around!
They were never disbarred; they simply let their law licenses lapse. More disinformation.

.@realDonaldTrump You're up early at the 'winter white house.' Question? Since this is the peoples house now, can anyone stop by?
And you are up trolling early 
doing some volunteering at 730am on Saturday. I wonder if Donald's kids are doing the same Amy...
No clue but I didn't vote for them.
you got them anyway. They are part of the "dog & pony show"
Bullshit!!
All the Democraps either in office or in the country know, all Democraps are idiots.
We are not gonna turn on President Obama 8 years with NO scandals.
Did you get to keep your dr?  I didn't. Too many lies and scandals to count.
.@realDonaldTrump  delete your acct and start acting like a real President.
then why did Sessions  deny the meaning
Not surprising.
love you, Mr President! Keep fighting!
so you did he lie if he's so innocent?  just like those who settle lawsuits for millions because they afraid of jail
Our greatest Potus 44  told Sessions to meet with Russian ambassador in Cleveland?  that's your story?  WHY LIE !!??
so your plane and Russian oligarch at multiple airports at same time before election  coincidence? Not! Hiding something?
The Obama Administration was on a mission to derail the American system of Government. #LockHimUp 
@realDonaldTrump @BarackObama
seriously, you really have to stop blaming others & take responsibility for what u & you yes men have done.
What about the second meeting ?
MR President the country support you in your decisions.
Why did he say he didn't meet with him under oath, then? You look like a fool when you Tweet your imaginary conspiracies
JS in Senate since 97. Doubt was his first meeting. Just first one he lied about
Whatever you say to blame Obama just shows you know the effin jig is up. Your supporters are stupid, they believe whatever drivel you spew.
Come on  melvin don't   call me names again
Damn it, Robby.
Release your taxes. Then we know how much you owe them.
America loves you POTUS Trump!!!
well a minority of American does, you know, the few people that voted for him
Is there nothing you won’t whine & cry about how Obama is to blame? I guess the GOP is no longer the party of personal responsibility (or fiscal conservatism, or moral high ground, or patriots, etc.).
again no proof of that.
stop lying you're in bed with Russia
try turning on a tv or reading the paper
ok brah.
When liberals run out of new slander, they bring up tax return, old Russia stories, old gossip, innuendos. Meanwhile, DEMS continue to lose.
Wait till the midterms! You will learn about losing.
BRING IT!

good president wasn't he
Yeah Muslim ISIS funding Obama was a great patriotic President!
what an unfortunate typo - obviously you meant "ISIS killing"

Crooked lied about housing emails on her Private Server, "No Jail Time.  Obama Lied about giving Iran money 4 Ransom, "No Impeachment  #STFU 
I agree, ladies. No one will answer me why isn't Killer Clinton in jail?!
Why isn't W in jail given unnecessary war,unnecessary deaths.
Why notBill Clinton 4 pointless sanctions Iraq. 1/2 million children  dead for no reason

yet Obama loved to blame bush for all his problems.
He was to blame for 2 wars and a bad economy.
bad economy? In 2008 Yeah. In 2016 n"yet.
.@realDonaldTrump Nice try–Sessions had already installed your Russia back channel Carter Page four months earlier
After Session placed Page in Trump's team in March, some astute reporters  probed Page's Kremlin ties, drowned out by emails @LouiseMensch 
Thank you Adam! Trump your house of cards are falling. Time to resign!
Your obsession. With Obama isn't healthy
If this is true, was the Obama Administration being nefarious in setting up Sessions?
maybe,  but then why deny it happened.  That was Sessions problem.
It sure will be interesting to see how this unfolds.
or just another distraction.
We've certainly had a few of those.
Stop talking. #ThingsWeShouldInvestigate
Has #PresidentBannon signed off on this tweet? #ThingsWeShouldInvestigate
Let them out once in a while, 45. #ThingsWeShouldInvestigate
Hey, 45...is this a coincidence or nah? #ThingsWeShouldInvestigate
Out of interest, why did Twitter initially block that on the grounds that it was 'sensitive'?
Someone reported it as such. I know. Ridiculous.
Hmm, if someone reports Trump's feed as sensitive, will they block him?

Americans are dying on your watch & their blood is on your hands #NYCStrong #NYonelove
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program ...
oh you mean the meeting he lied about repeatedly under oath?  Thanks for sticking another nail in his coffin Donnie!
We the true American Patriots stand behind you and believe you! Trump train MAGA
The #GOP losing the popular vote over & over clearly means it is a minority party. @realDonaldTrump
It's time to start arresting some of these people for treason and sedition. You have the peoples support.
Proud Stalinist, too, apparently.
Give me a break. An investigation will prove there is Treason and Sedition in our govt against our POTUS.
Then let's investigate, gang!  We've got a mystery on our hands!
If Sessions is allowed to do his job the "mystery", as you put it, will get solved.
The trump white house is a complete joke.
ok miss authority in politics. Could you elaborate on why you're saying that?
We is shouldn't all Russia to judgement about his meetings.
he totally knew that would come back to haunt you. @POTUS44 is #MtuMbaya for sure!!!!
And you rant about fake news.  Ha!
it only help the big guys, and  keep owner operators broke
Mr. President : state the FACTS clearly in your tweets!  The FACTS speak for themselves !
More briebart and fox fake news.
Here's the problem.  It's the lying about everything that happens.  Is #PresidentBannon telling everyone to do this?
Dems are total hypocrites speaking out of both sides of their face. Shame on them.
kys
bullshit
@208actorObama adminwas wiring the Trump teamThat's Y they they had this story about Sessions N RussiaAll ready planed
time 4 AG 2 resign-if any of us did what he did, do u think we would get a 2nd chance-no a perjury charge is what we get
FALSE EQUIVALENCY! In that role SESSIONS was acting as A SENATOR. When he was acting on behalf of TRUMP CAMPAIGN; BAD!
you are the most unpopular prez ever. #yourefired
pay attention fool this Russian business is no one else's mistake but your own.
so why did Jeff Sessions lie?
This is crazy!
What is a Russian Amb and education program for 100 Ambs?  100 Ambassadors or can't you spell what you mean?
this is a non story almost all of D.C. Had a diplomatic relationship w/ the Russian ambassador. The media knows this
stop
remember dt, everything u tweet can b used as evidence against u in court, so keep twittering away. public info against u.


Just keep on letting the PEOPLE know the TRUTH. So much criminal activity since 2000. #pizzagate is #pedogate investigate
And your point is?????   Sessions still lied under oath!
that just means anything you do is questioned.
that didn't give him reason to discuss hypotheticals for your upcoming presidency
You and your cabinet need to take responsibility for your own actions and stop blaming everyone else for your shortcomings.
and you expect us to believe that? Your pal lied under oath. Why? Education really? Go feed that lie to someone else.
YOU ARE PATHETIC. Any angle to shift the blame from you. THE BUCK STOPS WITJ YOU COMMANDER AND CHIEF. Grow some balls
And what about Clinton & Podesta's involvement with Russia?!?  http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/08/01/report-hillary-clintons-campaign-mgr-john-podesta-sat-board-company-bagged-35-million-putin-connected-russian-govt-fund-2/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social …
@Elucal call for a real investigation into Obama and his cronies
SO HE SET HIM UP
#WIKILEAKS  #Vault7 #Trumprussia Will Donald call for an investigation of himself, now? #Newsmax
http://www.newsmax.com/Newsfront/Vladimir-Putin-Russia-Trump-Relations/2016/05/14/id/728839/ …
affecting the very people you have sworn to help. Stop pointing fingers and just do your job, please. Have you learned what
And the subsequent ones set up by you to influence the election. BIG DIFFERENCE!
and again he LIED about the meetings UNDER OATH, to Congress.
Thank u for an incredible job ur doing as President in spite of what the cry baby loser liberals are saying!
It is all Obama fault...whine..whine..whine...
well why lie then...
get Obama. He is evil
Stop blaming Obama for everything while you try to fill his shoes...you're going to need more feet to do that
Pelosi, Schumer, Reid have turned Congress into a parliament..attack, attack, no solutions ever.Glad President responding
In hind sight  was a trap from the get go!!
don't you have more important things to attend to beside tweeting?  I guess not!
doesn't matter. Sessions had to recuse himself from investigating your ties and he lied to congress. Terrible!
What about the one where he used funds from your presidential campaign to meet with the Russian ambassador (then lied)?
that is how they operate, they are pure evil, trying to ensnare you even before the election. Take off the kids gloves now.
But Donnie, Session said he never talked to the Russians.
Do you not understand the difference between public, Presidential meetings and the sneaky ones you have?
WHY LIE?, WHY DIDNT HE SAY THAT.!!! THEN THIS WOULD NOT BE A ISSUE,.OR IS IT JUST PROGRAMED LYING COMING THROUGH AGAIN,SMH
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
then why didn't he say so
Need to drop this too!
Sad! Money over Health Russian Interests over Fair Elections Hate over Love  #NyetMyPresident #ReleaseYourTaxes #FDT
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/immediately-release-donald-trumps-full-tax-returns-all-information-needed-verify-emoluments-clause-compliance …
just wished he would have said this in the first placed and not lied. Looks bad as Jeff is the top law man in our country
then why didn't sessions just say that????  Duh!!!
All the distraction is Obama has an Alinski 101 Coup funded by Rothchilds to bus in a million to take o out! It's serious!
Do we really have to explain everything to you Donny? Maybe President Bannon will give you a cookie & tell you all about it
Your in a lot of trouble now Donald because you att gen has been neutralized. You will get nothing from him now
No one with a brain would defend themselves on Twitter like this.What is wrong with you.  Keep your mouth shut for a change
then have Sessions UN-recuse!! No more recusing!! We won Dems lost!
https://www.etsy.com/listing/472038096/anti-donald-trump-lapel-pin-10-pack-the …
What deal did you make with the REDS in Trump Tower? LOCK TRUMP UP!! LOCK TRUMP UP!! LOCK TRUMP UP!! LOCK TRUMP UP!!
yesterday I got sun burned while golfing. definately Obama's fault
: kick their butts Boss! This is why we , the American citizens, voted for you! The Dems foolishness must be stopped cold!!
Again showing how dumb & immature you are that you cant tell the difference is weird. You are messed up man
Session better starts going after DNC crimes.haven't heard him order investigation on any1 of these criminals?No one should be above the law
the more you lash out on Twitter, the more guilty you look. #russiagate

The Birthers man is back.We have a new story.
OMG...THERE IS NO END TO YOUR DISTORTIONS AND YOUR LYING....
Sessions should have stood his ground!
@cathryn_feekin
Stop excusing, stop apologizing, stop defending
Pay no attention, press forward, remove all your globalists
Obama wants his party to run the white house. Obama is corrupted
Do you actually do anything as an actual president would do? Or do you just play twitter because you know you're not legit?
your wires were not compromised..they are all twisted..
The demoRATS are picking off your team one by one. Please don't let them get away with this. We need YOU in the WH as POTUS
false
Love you but please reduce negative tweets. Take the high road for a while
yes, but how about the meetings when he was your campaign surrogate?Independent investigation? What are you hiding?
REMEMBER THE SNAKE STORY...IT'S OBAMA
So what? Its not about his meeting the Ruskie. Its about Sessions' lie under oath. Understand?
@PeggiD There it is! No problem!
Love you my president
@Veteran4Trump THERE TRYING EVERYTHING TO DESTROY OUR PRESIDENT STAY STRONG UR NO ONES FOOL GOD DONT LIKE UGLY 
.@SenSanders .@SenLeahyGotham .@SenWarren MAN PLANS:GOD LAUGHS; WAKE UP SENATORS; TRUTH COMIN OUT
correct
not only that he was at your speech to address congress Tuesday. ..sitting with dems. Hypocrisy means nothing to them.
you sound desparate, gotta get my popcorn!
Then why did he lie? What did the FAKE president know and when did he know it? Putin's Puppet @realDonaldTrump
so they setup the meetings in order to have some kind of proof for the FISA court to approve wire taps.
The democrats will find anything to dismiss all the people u chosen to work with u
That would've been fine...if he mentioned it as part of his testimony when he was under oath. The problem is he did not. 
so transparent
And most of all..WHY DID HE LIE? He was asked a clear question & he talked in circles and LIED. And LIED again in writing !
SHUT UP!
Obama Hussein for prison!
but why did Sessions perjure himself, sir?
Donald Duck crazy trump is a dictator   
