Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning....
Poor germany, poor france
Will be asking if we need more walls.. It will be uuuuuge
Do you have enough telephone rate?
You don't expect us the Biafrans to carry guns against the Nigeria military ?
Do you want to wait until Nigeria Arabic country finish us the Biafrans?
Mr. President what are you waiting for  to push for the Biafrans referendum.
I love how you try to talk to everyone and keep peace if possible. Thank you for all you are doing and for all that your family is doing.
Will you be speaking about a second holocaust?
#personificationagain #MGFAIHA MAKE GERMANY FRANCE AND ITALY HUMAN AGAIN
С Францией говорить не о чем, там одни идиоты сидят
Germany like me and I like France so. Be cool
leave a message after the tone....
You my good friend are a beast, and that's why I voted for you !!!!!!!
There you go again speaking with entire Countries.  You are a strange man.
Embarrassing us in front of....you mean
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
#FAKEDONALDTRUMP
Ach was soll das
They literally despise you. Just like majority of Americans
I bet that will be special.
Hopefully coherently
LOL! You're speaking with two countries! Really? What happened? Did you forget the names of the leaders or simply can't spell them?
You cannot talk with a country. Only a representative of that country. Ok?
The whole country or just some of them 
the entire country of France and Germany, I doubt it, besides the French and Germans hate you, you Russian stooge traitor to democracy
You mean the country or their presidents?
With your usual style: sentences so run on they have no real beginning or end. You should provide transcripts and maps. #embarassing
I'm not going to stop sending you messages until I get a response from you
They are laughing at you Donnie. Btw we couldn't care less!!!
Maybe you should shake her hand
Omg, don't open your mouth around anyone!
Speaking to the leaders of the free world, Obama used to be THE leader, now its Germany and France...USA...no longer holds that title, sad
CNN making more Fun of the USA  they should be taken off Air . And let Donald do his job. Reply to your no hand shake fake new bs   Losers
Wow, you are so bigly great that you can speak to countries. Most of us speak with people, like Obama did. Your so bigly special!
That sounds embarrassing
FFS? I'm speaking with my mate Greece, the mechanic or my other fiend France Ferdinand but that probably went right over your head #doos
You speak a lot. Yet say nothing.
No country wants to speak with you're.  Thanks to you we have no allies.  To bad young not intelligent enough to read this!  
Stop listening to the female that's lying to you
Didn't know countries could talk. You mean people or the actual countries? POTUS lack of worldly knowledge requires more detail.
Will you please slap Angela for me, and wake her up from her coma?
hope you learned something, ANYTHING, from them about how to govern #internationalmoron
Please...just LISTEN...no speaking.
Try using a real vocabulary with more words than fake, bad, sad and all the other Dr. Seuss words you've recently learned
00000
Fair warning.
And they'll be telling you to suck it Donny. Nobody wants you, nobody likes you.
Why haven't criminals in "leadership" been arrested? I see they arrested the YOUNG MAN (But not his Trainer) for voter fraud. WHY???
But why??

NEW POLL: Americans have more confidence in Merkel than Trump http://hill.cm/NpplFUh  
I never knew Countries alone could speak. But I also never knew you could become President. Go figure.
Will Obama be speaking there an hour after you
They HATE you.
Bring plenty of Brats and Sauerkraut, let's do American business. Get er done @realDonaldTrump
And you will probably embarrass USA again.  Don't talk, just listen. You need educated.
Did you formally cede your "leadership" of the free world to Merkel?
#25thAmendmentNow #25thThe45th ....you Sir, are going to jail! #lockhimup #TrumpRussia #trump...have a good day you little boy.
Pull my finger D-bag 
umm..u mean, Angela Merkel & Emmanuel Macron? & will they speak with u? i doubt it.. China's already making its move 2 take our place. idiot
You mean the new leaders of the free world since you ruined us?
Cool, I spoke to Daniel at Home Depot. Keep me updated on the Germany/France thing. I'll let you know what we decide about MDF vs pine.
Please don't insult them. Thank you.
Tell them we said hello and please let them know that most Americans asses aren't the size of Volkswagens.
The whole country, that must be alot of people

Please "Fearless Leader"      Don't do something embarrassing. My friends who travel to other countries are tired saying they are Canadians
What could possibly go wrong?  The bar is extremely low.
Don't back down Mr. President be strong we are backing you
So... you are saying you were getting ready to insult Germany and France...?
Please ignore Trudeau. He does not deserve your respect.
You do realize they think you are an incompetent fool
It's time the west gets its own "house" in order and stop funding Chinese growth and DPRK belligerence
Take a roll of toilet paper, if Obama has been there. There may be shit to clean up!
Germany is on my mind says Aaron Espinoza I have the solution which is the problem as well
Everyone in Germany and France? Or anyone specific?
Really? The entire country?? Fascinating.
You mean you will be speaking to the leaders of France and Germany? Trump go back to school! SAD!
Dear POPULAR VOTE LOSER, hope you didn't insult them. Please make America great again by resigning!
Say "Hi "to Angela for us!
Poll: Americans have more confidence in Merkel than Trump http://hill.cm/ag3IcQZ  
Now you can talk to them face to face, in a day or so!
They will be laughing at you
Numb nuts, can u even find those countries on a map? Hint: go to that big wet substance, and point urself in the direction the sun rises.
Is that the G spot?
Their jokes about your are spot on.
I feel for them...anybody that has to hear your drivel deserves a freaking medal.
Ethics and turns around and disbands there religion which is the basis for family ethics? Make sense to you?
Mr. President, when speaking with Mr Puttin, pls ask why he gives national medal to JW family for bringing up there children in wholesome...
The relationships with Europe are important, for trade and the fight with the terrorist. Be patient and listen. Rome was not built in a day
Because you f#cked with our allies ? Your a laughing stock around the world
. Impeach
Oh so you'll once again be in the presence of the leader of the free world, pay attention, she rocks! #merkelrocks
I think you would have better success training a new puppy with Melania than conversing with Merkel.
Oh, I bet that they are so excited.  LOL.
if only you could be as transparent w/ ur tax returns. Afraid u will b made a liar about ur wealth & square footage @ tower
you sure seem to be speaking w/ a lot of countries,r they in ur head?
Can I point out that twitter is not your personal diary. Please remind your stupid self of meetings with world leaders elsewhere. Thank you.
Please don't, you have no manners.
Yes and they are all laughing behind your back. No Europeans trust or agree with you on anything as you are just a Fake person
... a large majority of Germans (real large, not faked large) has ceased to listen to corrupt fire raisers of your kind latest 70 years ago.
"Speaking" is kind of a strong word for the utterances that escape your mouth.
They have literally been overrun with migrants
My condolences to France and Germany
If you can find your own limo first LOL #loserinchief
Just remember Germany is the one with the Nazis, and France is the one with the Muslims (and the stylish clothes).
careful - they might use big words that you won't understand. Oh - and try not to insult anyone.
You and all your personalities?
Rather than talking and posturing, you should be listening to their criticism and change your self-serving ways. You just won't learn!
do you speak the same language?
Poor Germany and France....
Please be nice, we're running out of allies....
For God's sake, learn the leaders' names.
Celebration! You're doing the job!! Lil hands gets a star on his star chart!
It's pretty sad you have to brag about making phone calls. I guess to show us you don't just watch TV and play golf?
They both hate you.
Try not to embarrass us
you know that those are countries and not people named Germany and France?  Right!?
They hate u like 73% of Americans enjoy ur trip lol
There intelligence level will drop significantly after the conversations, guaranteed! Fake president! Sad!
Can't wait to see the scowls on their faces! The embarrassment you are sure to bring won't really be worth it though.
Oh Lord help us all!  Try not to speak much!  Just sit with your tiny hands in your huge lap and let them do the talking!
Quit
Tell them to stop committing suicide can you? #Soros #OpenBorders #NWO
Funny didn't know countries cd talk
Third one they tried with force; this one with the power of the printed "money".
Yea, please tell those Germans that the fourth Reich is not going to happen!
Germany and France are not ppl. @TrumpDementia
Hmm, U will be "speaking" to "Germany and France?" How old are you, 12? OK, I know you act talk like a 5 yr old but come on TrAmp, grow up!
I guess we should put put some nukes in Japan.
Did they laugh at you?  They should have.
Don't use Twitter to threaten people!
And will you kiss Putin?
and they will be laughing at you, like most of the intelligent leaders of other nations do. But you're to full of yourself to notice it
And once again you'll be making a JACKASS out of yourself like you did last time you were in the EU
Try not to insult them ok?
Let's play, can you name the leader of these countries with whom you will be speaking?
God don't just tell them u lost or voice BC if u do it will be a disastrous like every other meeting u had & then a fck up tweet fallow
Do you speak german or french then? Or do you think they just have to speak american?
They sure as hell don't want to talk to you
don't fuck this up!
I wonder how you are going to do it. Talking to a country seems a bit challenging, considering your small hands.
You'll talk, but will you actually say anything? Would like to see  represented in a way that doesn't bully or bullshit the rest of the 
I don't buy it. Evidence shows you to have been on Twitter all morning, pretending to work
Who are you speaking to?  Seriously, these people have names and jobs or is that how you label people.  #sad.
Mr or Mrs Germany? Mr or Mrs France? So many questions I have for both. #myidiotpotus #ImpeachTrump
Why? Negotiations are very important.
Are you passing by by Turnberry  this week?
Yes
These nations are bowing to Sharia law. Not much hope but my real concern is prosecuting Hillary & Obama esp under the Logan Act now.
May God Almighty keep you safe and protect and preserve you in the great name of Jesus Christ Amen
Speaking with or at them?
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Is Hillary and obama in jail yet
