Nice. Are u showing me this since u saved obamacare.   Smh.  Not why I elected you
Real Immigration Reform starts w/change to the 14th Amnd. No automatic birthright citizenship to immigrants/illegals and their children.
Awwww your safe space 
Spend our money on us, healthcare, not your fake wall.
Racist, xenophobic jackass.
It will never be built because you are solving a problem that doesn't exist.  The "bad hombres" fly in & out.
No Wall! No Way!!
@washingtonpost You can't fence people, Don. They find a new way. Duh. #Privateer Pathetic
I matter what you do, Obama was in the White House first. He's a better man than you. Smarter, knowledgeable, articulate, more measured
who’s paying for this?

If it's anything like your business career, someone won't be getting paid.
Gotta have Mexicans and polacks put it together otherwise it won't work Don
Thank you for protecting the country!
5x deserter is your protector!?  Sad.
Trump go back to the kkk
YEAH!
We'll see how your wall stands up to my TNT + Flint and Steel
I'd just enderpearl over it
Why dosent Trump just do /ban mexicans
/tp @a[team=Mexican] ~ ~ ~-2000
Trump should build the wall with obsidian...
nah fam bedrock is more efficient.
Why dont the mexicans just           /gamemode 1 and fly over the wall?
because this server we're in dosen't support creative mode and the owner who made this server died.

Absolute no on DACA even with a border wall. Get the deportations going- that's why you are there.
Take your wall and shove it!
Are you giving it to a Russian contractor.. ?
Can say I'm getting sick of WINNING!
Is it 10 feet higher?
spending all America money
All of America’s* apparently some needs to go back into schools for English/grammar classes
I can't see through those.
I wonder what ladder prototypes are underway in Mexico?
Walls Are Closing In #trumprussia
That is f-ing ugly.

They are looking awesome! Let's get wall built!
#noamnesty
thought is was supposed to be see-through. how else are we going to see 60 lb bags of drugs getting flung over?
Thanks for wasting more of our money.
Please stop
Curious how they stop airplanes and tunnels?  #fnmoron
Or.... we could better use this money to save our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico  an US Virgin Islands. . Heal spurs
I can jump that
The wall will have better "health" coverage than Americans.
this wall wont protect us  fro immagrants coming in since most of them will come in by plane or boat  donald trump is an fool to think it will make a dent   in our security  in this country   and is only causing  this country to get further into debt
@DonaldTrump_Is @realDonaldTrump Amen brother
Thank you Mr President 
The wall is ESSENTIAL!
The American people are sick & tired of Democrats putting illegal aliens before American citizens!
Liberals somehow still do not know the difference between ILLEGAL and LEGAL immigrants.
There is no logical argument against the wall. Dems want illegals to pour in so they can brainwash them with identity politics for votes!
American citizens don’t want to pay for a wall.
Yes we do. Illegal immigration costs taxpayers $135B a YEAR. 1 time cost of $15B is pocket change. Mexico will pay back anyways.
How exactly will Mexico pay us back?
Import taxes or payments over time. Duhhh
How about ending DACA Mr President to stop endless DACA amnesties as it acts as incentive for more parents to traffic children into the US.
It's not trafficking if it's their own children. Any chance you could find a soul in there somewhere?
There is no soul when they are endangering their children by crossing dangerous territory, abuse by coyotes who rape, kidnap them.
Plus: #Illegals break our #Immigration laws (disregarding those waiting legally), steal/file under others #SS # getting BILLIONS in refunds!
Authorities in Greeley, Colorado broke up a ring involving 3,000 illegal aliens fraudulently applying for tax refunds using stolen IDs.
Norm 4 #ILLEGALS ! @realDonaldTrump must NOT do #DACADeal ! IF HE does: stipulate/investigate #DACA who've taken ANY #Entitlement + #Deport
PLEASE GET THE WALL BUILT, THE SAVINGS ALONE  IN THE NEXT YEAR WITH OUT PAYING FOR ILLEGALS PAYS FOR THE ENTIRE WALL, STOP PAYING A CENT FOR ILLEGALS AND  BUILD THE WALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL , PLEASE PROTECT AMERICA
Oh is that MY AMERICAN taxes paying for them? What happened to Mexico paying for this? Let me guess "FAKE NEWS"
This is idiotic. You’re idiotic. This is a waste of money.
Ok, as a Trans woman, I don’t always agree with Trump, but I do agree with keep illegals out and protect America.
How does a wall stop people overstaying their visas, which is how most “illegals” are here. Also, they’re people, not illegals.
Amelia, you obviously are not very smart if you don’t know the answer to your own question. Glad you DON’T speak for all of us trans people.
Why do you even follow me?
Because we are part of the trans and lgbt community. You need to realize that your opinion isn’t the same as all transgender people.
Where did I say it was?
Mr president show up you have the balls to make Mexico to pay for it.
I don't think that is going to work Dumb Donnie, there is an opening as big as your credibility gap right in the middle.
Right Sir!
great waste of money
DACA should be dealt alone. No  Politics attached.
Waste of money. Let’s invest this in education, healthcare, etc. 
YES!
It reminds me a Great Chinese wall - when Chinese completed it they have isolated themself from world the centuries to come. Really, don't want America be like that.
Good to go
FUCK OFF OVER THAT WALL NEVER TO RETURN
bit harsh on Mexico tbh
but the Mexican drug lords know how to kill tho #gohard

No!
OH YES!
No. I hate trump
Why
He’s racist
How
Banning Muslims, deporting Mexicans, and wanting BLACKS (me) to go back to Africa

The Russians built a Great Wall separating east and west Germany destroying lives for years. You are no better than the communists
You couldn’t cross either way.
But the wall was just there to keep your citizens under lockdown, using walls to protect your country have been used for centuries
Yes for sure but it’s not civilised is it! Normally created by dictators and invading forces - Hadrian’s wall as an example
Israel is far from being a dictatorship and it has a wall to protect itself against palestinians, I works fine
And Israel is a country with many issues. My parents live in Switzerland I visit and travel freely to FR DE and IT. What are you afraid off
Yeah but you don't bring in drugs and illegal weapons into these countries bro, the illegals do, thats the f problem
I hope it gets knocked down after you leave the White House.
Needs to be taller. 40' ladders are common place among builders,painters and roofers.
This wall has been there for almost 50 years anyways. They’re just going to actually build it now... And I’m broke when do I start?
Right good ass pay Right there
For real dude. The guy is gonna make fucked up decisions. You can either bitch about it or make the best out of it. And We gonna make that $
True af
I’ll go for this if you go to Mexico for a meeting...
and the Liberal freaks thinks it was a joke!  ps. bill clinton also wanted to build a wall ..the difference is donald will do it!
Trump may be a golfer with balls but at least he have the balls to do what he promised unlike SA president who is a thieve
Can't wait for a Great Wall . 
Me too!
Thank you President TRUMP for building the wall to STOP, illegal’s, Drugs, Trafficking, DACA, Sanctuary Cities, and the Fleecing of America.
You know they can just build a tunnel underneath the wall or throw rope over .  It's not games of thrones dude
Who is paying for it???? WHO IS PAYING FOR IT??? WHO WHO WHO IS PAYING FOR IT??? You can even build a wall, lying, inadequate candidate.
How about the US infrastructure? Highways, power systems, water systems, bridges, communication lines, where is your plan for these? LOSER,
Que lastima que usted piense en esa forma usted es un racista y una persona malvada
What a waste of money!  Have you looked into what this will do for migration of animals.  Nah you don't give a shit #resign
Theyre hiding out in the middle of the desert

@potus Imagine the positive press if this money was funneled into true immigration reform, border security & asylum screening improvements
Great News! WINNING!!!!! #BuildTheWall
are you simple ?
So who’s paying this company at the moment??????
Gay af #umadbro
scary
Sorry, but WE don't need a new little Adolf.
I'm buying stock in LADDERS.  Huge surge in value soon, very soon.  I know the most about ladders.
Wow! It looks taller than I had expected. One question is: when do we expect the wall to be complete?
What the actual fuck

@raul0002
Kya mazaak laga rakha hai isne
Haa tho kya. Waste of money.
Taxes payers money
Excited to have this diversion? So many scandals.
Stunning
Won't Happen, try for once to put your worthless ego aside, be more sympathetic, try to be presidential. Most of all NO MORE LYING
Build that beautiful wall!
#MAGA
NO WALL! Use the money to help hurricane and fire victims. Use the money to educate & keep healthcare going. INFRASTRUCTURE! Ugh..down ego.
They could of just ender pearl over it duh
Wall? Hey pass the ladder amigo 
Yes! Build the wall!

Please use this money to build schools and roads, thanks.
These are not prototypes, some highway project somewhere just like yr fake Inauguration photos of Obama's crowd,... what a stinking liar.
You could trellis tomatoes up dem walks. On only the US side or course. Enough sun though? Keep positive.
Environmentally destructive and unnecessary trash. Wasteful spending based on racist xenophobic ideology. Will not stop trafficking.
Get her done keep out the next geniration of Democrat voters
A wall will stop nothing but air flow climb over tunnel under - Humpty Dumpties wall will fall just like Berlin
I wall will not keep people you don't like out just because you feel they do not belong here
Earthquake!!!!
Is it going to be visible from the Moon?
@LilRoald @lilwasny yes
And whooooo's going to pay for it?
We are!
And then it won't go up anyway!
Yay!
Thank you MR PRESIDENT build that Wall!!
It has to be a lot higher then that since planes exist. Gotta keep all the darkies outta here.
Did you know this will kill wildlife, scar the land, split American's with land there in half. All that and won't stop anything coming in.
That you’re having to pay for 
“Prototypes”??  It’s a frickin wall. Humans have been building them for 10,000 years.  Brick, mortar, brick, repeat...done.
Ladder prototype
Instead of building a wall, wouldn’t you help the Mexicans because they are obviously escaping for a reason.
I feel like I can't even share my opinion on this without being labeled something.I'm indifferent towards this.
Primarily it's just a blocker. Every house needs a perimeter fence, so the most basic of safeguarding us all, can't imagine anyone declining
My printer can 3D better than this crap. Thanks for waiting our tax dollars  you BUM!
$EDE
No wall will ever be built

The wall will never be built  trump is a  liar so fuck trump
The wall is stupid. Go ask somebody how to secure the border with technology. I know you don't understand it, but others do.
We are also inventing an anti-ladder device. It will remove every other rung to make it very very very difficult to use
The walls are not see through.

Y'all still don't realize that the wall is for us. Lmao 
???
I kinda wish I was a liberal so I could be blissfully unaware of facts.

do you know what a ladder is?
a what? lay-der? don't think that's a thing. trump would know 
This is what are taxes pay for? What about a better school system.
Your gunna cause a war between us a mexico, worst president
D:
40 foot wall would only have people buying 50 foot ladders! most illegals come here first through work visas and don't leave when visa is up
Well, what about planes?
This one looks right 
Who is paying for this?
So I guess we taxpayers will have to pay for your useless wall. It won't keep anyone out if they want in because no one will be watching it
It's about time we do something about the illegal immigrants. Thank you trump
Don't forget the mounts for the 50 cal. Auto grenade launcher & the 20 mm lets play cowboys and drug smugglers.. Cowboys for the win
Yes!
Don’t do it Mr. President.
I hate you
Che orrore
Beautiful Wall! Thank you President Trump! Thank you!
Biggest waste of taxpayers' money ever. Makes me sick to think I'm working hard every day so I can pay my taxes to support this idiocy.
It's about time!
: Build the wall!
‘Bigotry or white supremacy in any form is blasphemy against the American creed.’ – George W. Bush is warning the world against Trumpism
no, moghel. just.....no
Love it!  A design for America's new wailing wall for Lib Dems...
Niggerfaggot
Why are you wasting loads of our money on a project that won't keep people out? The wall is nothing more than a massive economic burden.
Start a go fund me so all the Repubs can pay for their precious wall.  I'll continue to feed the hungry.
Build The Wall!!

I'll just go around it
The $21 billion wall boondoggle is underway and Pumpkin head celebrates. Meanwhile, Puerto Ricans hace no electricity 5 weeks after María!
It's a sad day in our nation. You did this!
The wall will never be built. Mexico won't pay, the U.S. won't fund it. Pipe dream and a waste of time and energy so far. Disgraceful!
Wait!  is this a new initiative or a plan made during Obama’s administration.

But you know that I won’t keep them out forever
add solar panels and congress will fund it no problem
Has anyone considered building our border wall out of recycled, plastic bricks? There may be a way to make waste disposal offset the cost.
walls are gay
Barmy president! What a poor Nation with such guy in front. makes only bullshit, ruined US economy and world nature. blockhead!
@CollinRugg nos la pelan, pendejos.
Great walls make great neighbors!
