Our Warrior @sabine_durden is putting the pressure on them!    Make those Senators adhere in passing it.  #MAGA.
#OURLIFESAVER
Oh sweet Ed. I had blisters  from walking at the senate and blisters from talking 2 many who clearly care more for illegals ( votes ) 
Maybe someone can help me out? Is it illegal for a state employee to have a relationship with an illegal alien?

I am so grateful for this. Thank you!
mr President
You're at you golf club not the WH. Lose the suit & be comfortable. Working or not relax.
Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow....
Why has Trump not IMPLEMENTED RUSSIA SANCTIONS -PUTINS PUPPET
#FireMcMaster
Outstanding work Mr President! We support you all the way!
great job Mr President!! Keep winning!! MAGA
Thank you almighty Govt. You make me feel safer and that's what matters. I know you take 50% of my wages but you are wise and we are weak
So how does this protect people from all the crazy white racist you've given power to.
Legalized racism.
About Time, thanks President Trump.
Now, if we the American people could know the truth about Russia and the collusion etc. It's just as important! Illegitimate or not? Truth..
We knew they would. ...because of you.  Thanks for making America Safe again #MAGA
*Sanctuary #DumbestPresidentEver
אני צופה במשך מספר דקות איך מספר הליקים שיתופים ותגובות רק קופץ מרגע לרגע. מתלהב
ופתאום נזכר שטראמפ פשוט היה צריך להתפנות.
A law that protects all Americans ... who can be against this law 
Yes!
Good news, you're a day closer to impeachment.  #VetsAgainstTrump
Another great great win
Fake retweets by bots
That's too much winning!
"I'll have a Russian collusion hoax burger super size it!"

"Nah dog, we only serve #NothingBurgers here @ CNN!!!"
Dude that was awesome
Nothing you tweet is ever good news Donald!
Making America great again!!
Bad news.  Our President is an unhinged orangutan.  Hopefully Senate and Congress will stop backing him.
VETERANS NOT ILLEGALS FIRST
Bam you tell them  go Trump  go
Why are you too obsessed with Twitter?
tRump turds , unite!! ~ Behind ur incompetent leader!!
Did Kate just recover from plastic surgery is she bleeding Donald you are an absolute disgrace to this beautiful country that we all love
100% disgrace
Take away funds from the cities that actually need them. That'll work. 
Great solution, dumbass.
We'll be okay. Sanctuary cities are nearly uniformly rich. Please take away federal military equipment from our police.
Because it's not fair that we contribute more in taxes than we get back in federal funding even before fed temper tantrums take it away.
Whatbabjybsenste?
Winning never gets old! #KatesLaw
Awesome.....thanks POTUS...u the man....
Great news! More non-violent criminals thrown into the gaping maw of the American Prison Industrial Complex!
Words can't express how reassuring it is to have a President that actually cares for our nation's safety !!!
Like our country is so dangerous. Scared little billy boy
Great news would've never happened without The PRESIDENT AND A BIG HAND FOR BILL O'RELLEY  .THANKS TO THE BOTH OF YOU GUYS
good news, my ass just passed a turd into your mouth
You are a real POS & I pray you never have to experience what Kate Steinle's family had to go through.
Did you want poop also
Keep winning
Awesome #PERSIST








You were not forgotten Kate!
The era of Sanctuary Cities is over!
We must defend our citizens first. #AmericaFirst
Border Security is vital to the safety and security of the American People! Build the Wall!
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 21 Days, 19 Hours, 22 Minutes, and 58 Seconds
Man these bots are delusional!
Best. President. Ever. #MAGA

Good news would be the House passing articles of impeachment for you instead of passing more fear-mongering anti-immigrant bills.
.How is it anti-immigrant to imprison a killer? What exactly do you see wrong with this bill?
Yep. We need the names of the nays for sure!
Your dang right how dare they not enact more legislation that will create more agencies that protect us. Praise our government! Hallelujah!
Yes, Republicans want more government intervention in almost everything.  I didn't leave the party, but they sure did leave people like me!
No one even understands what Liberty is. They say it a lot. Liberty is not being required to ask the Govt. Permission to marry.
However, if there wasnt, brothers would marry sisters, men wd marry little girls (already happens with Islam cults.) Some laws are needed.
Media? Crickets.
#liberal #msm have love blinders on for their FatCat WallStreet @POTUS44
You really are the person that is going to MAGA
SUPPORT TRUMP!
Now if you would just give the same attention to reasonable Gun Control laws!
PLEASE INVITE Bill O'Rielly when it gets to your desk to sign.
Would it have been better if she was killed by an American? Bc you know there was murder before illegals crossing the border, right?
Huckabee is awesome. Go get em.
We need a law passed::
Finally a POTUS by and for the people!! What an honor
Thank you, Mr. President! Please ignore the crazy talk show hosts. They want you to respond; to feed the frenzy. Don't give them ammo.
民意を味方に付けて世界を動かさないといつまで進みませんスピーディーに行動マスコミとも仲直り友達じゃないんだけ？仲介を世界平和の説明を手伝ってもらって下さい。大学教授にも理解してもらいプロの説明を世界に発信してください！
Strip the 30 hour or less Obama Care rule so employers can give out more hours to part time workers.  Thank You,
Where are the Jobs Jobs Jobs
Won't.
That's about all you will get past
They better
Press on President Trump! 

Yea
TRUMP
One of your many Great achievements as President - Promises Kept!
Still doesn't address that most offenders are citizens, male, disproportionately white, and our legal/justice system can't keep up.
Hi Thank you for passing the law keep up the good work  Thanks
better news would be if you apologize to all women you degraded. you and your Porn Star are the worst what could have happened to America
Girl. Ur performance yesterday @ presser was despicable. You are a liar and a fake Christian. Your poor daughters.
I will NEVER again vote for the politicians who did not vote for Kate's Law period
Your the best
45 = PIG
Great news! Thank you for all you do!
uh oh, I guess satan won round one.
I am so tired of seeing our President trying to make America great again and the left gets in his way no matter what he does. Doing great
I live in a Sancuary City it is the 11 th most dangerous city in the Country. Chelsea Mass. Loik it up. The guns drugs nasty sluts no teeth
Now pls remove all muslims.They all have allah in their hearts!They all will admit this.Remove them.
Bravo!!!about time .. thank you Mr. President!!
@GOPChairwoman  @GOP @HouseGOPJustin Amash, a Palestinian who represents Michigans 3rd District, voted against Kate's Law.  HE NEEDS TO GO.
Funny that you're so careful, even though you control both houses of Congress. Getting your ass kicked on a regular makes you even #weaker!
No new's, is good new's.!!!
Brainless tweeter bird! Lying for trumo
Great job Sir
Thank you
U idiot
Your tweets seem awfully subdued tonight. Perhaps one of your boot licking toadies grew a pair and told you to start behaving like a man?
O'Reilly got slap around for a long time on this one. Glad it was passed
How's that health care bill the republicans are rolling out?  It must be great because they tried to repeal Obamacare 60 times or so.
excellent news please control ego send only positive tweets u give media 2 much ammo. What would JFK or Reagan Do?
Let's give Bill O'Reilly some props on this.
Thank you for putting America, and her CITIZEN'S FIRST!! WINNING TOGETHER FOR AMERICA!!
god help you
Keep on WINNING! #MAGA
And one of the attorney for everyone to put a bill in called Auroras Law. When will that be submitted. He told my family it would get put in
@realDonaldTrump @ABC @CNNPolitics #SteveScalise law for home grown criminals
#KatesLaw
Amazing job Mr President,No one should live in fear living in America.Corruption has taken over our gove,Washington! Take them down MAGA
I think we should pass the DonaldLaw preventing sexual harrassment, sexism, and misogny.
Thank you, @billoreilly who fought tirelessly and unselfishly to get this done. I hope the unpredictable Senate will come through.
They better! We have their numbers!!
He doesn't have to answer to a person like yourself.
More empty legislation? Face it, the only thing you've done is give a stolen SCOTUS seat to a yes man. Other than that, ZIP.
Still praying for her parents#noparentshouldexperience
You know #KatesLaw isn't about letting men grab woman's pussies whenever u want, right? #ResistTrump #resistance
Praying the senate follows
Great job .luvya Trump!
The American People have a voice n the White House. Keep cleaning the swamp. Mostly filled with Left Wing Dems .Real Crooks- Lying Media 
Kate's law will not prevent an idiot from leaving a loaded firearm in an unlocked car.
Are you aware that Americans actually commit crimes and that there are ACTUALLY Immigrants that DON'T have crimes - such as your wife?
Hope they don't pass it.
It sure as hell wouldn't have if Hillary was infesting the Oval office.
How about u go play president for a change and not play on the internet

Next up yhe wall tokeep these lawbreaking aliens out of our country sucki g off the system maga
If Senate don't pass this law,get on Mcconnells butt.This law must be passed.Dems might give some votes? Mr.President you r doing greate job
Speriamo che i senatori siano più intelligenti di te !!!
Nope!
Dios maldiga tus propuestas, que desgraciado eres no te importa el bienestar de la gente, y tanto que te ha dado la vida.
The only good news I'm waiting for is that you are out of office.
Why no commie-crat support? 
Thank you brave family.
Rrf
Totally overshadowed by your thin skinned bully tweets! You hate women because your a punk!
I hope the senate will have sense and not pass #KatesLaw . They know better not to allow it. Those who'll vote for will lose their elections
They better or they have to go.
Hey Trumpy let's trade your taxes for voters info, are you hiding anything? CC/ Steven Colbert/ CNN/FOXNEWS
Big choice hard but inportant
RESIGN!
Thank you for trying your best to protect us.
Pathetic vile device that's what this joke of POTUS truly is
Thank you for protecting we citizens & enforcing laws that have been on the books for many years! Now onto the wall!
Donny is such an angry little boy.  His lack of compassion alone should have disqualified him but for the stupid people who voted for him.
March 19, 2017 - 08:00 AM EDT
Reports find that immigrants commit less crime than US-born citizens:
The Hill                    Safer how??
Fascist
Thank God . Now I pray the states use the law 
What good is it if they don't use it like CA. N.Y. etc.? It's always an up hill battle ):
Too bad you cannot come up with a good new heath care law !
Good news would be an apology from you to Mika and Joe. You are a bully and say things unworthy of the office.
If the senate doesn't pass it they need to go
The question is will the supreme court
How about Steves  law for your home grown criminals
President Trump...you ARE making America great again...keep up the good job, we love what u are doing AND we love ur tweeting, too. It's OK
Heartless animal!
California is trying to change Megans law to the benefit of sexual predators....
Mr. President there really are people with mentle health issues and you can tell by the way the tweet. I think this Chrisceaser hit his head
You realise that no woman wants their names associated with yours unless they're prisoners
