Trump is a complete joke. The only foreign policy decisions he makes are the ones that Russia supports.
We have a real Putin Puppet in the White House.
Why did Trump feel the need to say something positive about Russia in a tweet about North Korea? Weird.
Guess he's NoT even tryin' to hide his love for Russia, anymore. He's gotta get back in good w/ Putin, since he signed those sanctions! LoL
Trump was never in the good with Putin, you moronic imbecile.  How do sleep at night knowing you spread cancerous lies all day?  #TRUMP2020
Do you know you're a robot?
So does that mean we should just ignore the fact that you colluded with them???
You are the biggest joke in the history of the universe.
You are a joke to your family as well. http://ir.net/news/politics/126572/report-ivanka-don-jr-eric-implicated-ny-money-laundering-investigation/ …
It's time to resign!!!
So is treason still a capitol offense? Just wunderin'. -dc
You would think right?
It is
Give some proof of how Trump committed treason
Which hole are you on?
Thank you Stacie for that vision in my head. No sleep for me tonight... 

Make that the month of August.

Im off to find a therapist.
Theres not enough alcohol on earth...



Nice work ethic, LazyBoy
Really?
Half that shot he didn't even do. Others are 'he signed a paper'.  

Name a single fiscal policy passed or ANY significant legislation.
So, in your world passing legislation like healthcare & tax reform is so easy it should be done in 6 months? Maybe you should be President
Umm. Trump campaigned on all of those things being that easy. In fact most was a "day 1" thing.
Trump is trumps highest priority
That's because Russia knows you will be IMPEACHED and then the US will come for them!
You are as dumb as your son!
It won't be long until your ignorance puts you behind bars.
Ignorance is a crime? Hmm.. where's the actual facts that he did something wrong?
BOT and paid for comrade
Are you going to release a statement undermining the sanctions like you did after you signed the Russian sanctions bill?
If you think Americans will feel good about Russia signing the NK sanctions after they interfered in our elections, you are wrong!
Trump follows Putin's orders. So Russian support was crucial for him.
Trump needs to promote American interests!
That ship has sailed, he's barely pretending; he should be impeached just for violating the oath, before we even get to treason&laundering$$


For the Trumps, it's only a matter of time before they're doing time.
Too little too late.  You have lost the center, moderate Republicans, Democrats, liberals, progressive! Your left just with 39% Base! Resign
You're very silly. One of West Virginia's senators just became a republican thanks to trump. Resign from twitter.
Whatever you do, don't read anything about how he sold a mine to Russians, then bought it back.
Classic money laundering.
Or about his Modeling agency with minors from E. Block with their ages changed on passport!Ya, your Trump! If you have daughter Trump is bad
Ty!
Philippians 4:23
The #grace of our #LordJesusChrist be with you all. #Amen.
Psalm 37:39
But the #salvation of the #righteous is from the #Lord; He is their #strength in the #time of #trouble.
where in the Bible does it say to spam Donald Trump tweets with Jesus nonsense?
Well with how much practice he gets...
Good one! High five!
Great job!!!
Great job what? Posing for a pic at a private school & refraining from telling the kids stories about his hot parties and rich friends? Yay.
And I guess democrats they don't have rich friends your such a fool if you believe they don't lol
*you're
Of course there are wealthy democrats. They just don't tend to brag to children (i.e. Boy Scouts) about  it. If they did, I would take issue
How do you know they don't Bragg about how much money they have are you with them 24 hrs a day
Aww you're a Russian bot... cute 
A Russian what lol
#WhiteHouse Colludes With #FoxNews to Embrace Disinformation
#FoxNews Under #FBI Counterintelligence Investigation
.@realDonaldTrump, you are a liar, a #racist, a #traitor, a pedophile & a rapist. 

#ImpeachTrumpNow
Excellent read  RT

"We All Knew About the Trafficking"-The Untold Story of #TrumpModelManagement
#TrumpModel: Felt Like 'Slave' Working for #DonaldTrump's Agency
#DonaldTrump Used Model Parties to Seal Deals, Industry Sources Say
.@realDonaldTrump 

Witness: #Trump also raped 12-year-old — and used her disappearance to threaten another victim
Whatever happened to #Maria?


Plug the leaks, build the Wall, and toghther we will #MAGA Mr @POTUS God bless you and God bless the #USA !
https://twitter.com/tracybuck2010/status/893966296223580160 …
Winning what exactly?
Oh ok. They are voting in support of their own interests but if you call that winning...
Really dude? Yes it is in their interest. Lol!
It is when said ally is increasingly unstable and poses a threat that surpasses any financial incentive to look the other way.
get back to work! 
You spelled "golf" wrong
3 Years, 5 Months, 14 Days, 18 Hours, 15 Minutes, and 25 Seconds
+4 years
God help us all!  I mean it and it is awfully scarey, Trump!  Yes YOU!!!!!!
You are Canadian. LITERALLY WE DON'T CARE! MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS! PS. Find your safespace    
Typical trumpster response: you don't like my President then your opinion doesn't count. You realize his actions affect more than USA?
I can vote in United States of America  Elections. I proudly voted for the winner Donald J Trump!
We r American living in Canada so mind your own business
Yeah, probably left America with your tail between your legs after not getting your way on November 8th. Crybaby Snowflakes!
Our @POTUS continues fighting for us everyday & WE will continue to fight for him ALWAYS! #MAGA #TrumpTrain #TeamTrumpPA
Dont include me in your "we"
Yeah cats can't vote
Join my fight against Maxine Waters
Join my fight against Donald Trump
Stop making Russia a thing.
Donald Trump Unhappy to be Reminded that he's American
#FireMacMaster and all his NSC staff ! Stop the leaks cold!
The whole NSC is full of Obama holdovers because McMaster fired all Trump loyalists! #FireMcMaster
Mr President, McMaster will never tell you the truth about the neocon plot to neutralize you and your foreign policy

Know what what I really wanna talk about?

Why no choice for all of the above? He's a crook and a traitor.
1 mil+ jobs, consumer confidence  16-year high, unemployment 16-year low, stock market hitting all-time highs. All aboard the Trump Train!
Thanks Obama! 82nd consecutive month of job growth
That's a cute joke. Obama is no longer affecting these statistics. This is trumps doing.
I'd give you proof but you're just a little Ruskie bot so bye bye 
YOU ARE WORKING VERY HARD MR. PRESIDENT! We support you 100% On the Trump Train! All Aboard! 
Easy on the alcohol, Natasha.

You won Twitter tonight!! 
Thank you so much!
We love you President Trump Your a good father to the American people! Thanks for looking out for us! You have much wisdom like Solomon
I love that

North Korea situation festered under two presidents, Bush & Obama. Six months in, Trump pulls this off. Thank you, Mr. President.
A picture of determination.
The US led resolution passed by the SC on N. Korea will be a loss of 1/3 of their exports = over $1 billion in hard currency #ANewDayAtTheUN 
You are leading the world right now, and doing an amazing job!  
 Special Counsel
 Independent Commission
 2018 Impeachment
 REMOVAL
#ImpeachTrump one cartoon at a time 
#FakeNews
BREAKING NEWS: Inside The Mind of A Trump Voter 
3 #Trump loving archetypes. (Can u spot the bot?)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-8YX66eyw4 …
#TrumpRussia
(Can u spot the bot?) Well, yes - anytime I see @DC_Douglas ...
Great News @POTUS 
The U.S killed 1 million Iraqis and the U.N never adopted a single sanction. Crime only has consequences when you're a country of color.
Bend the knee to the West and kill without consequence no matter what color you are
Wonderful news! Thank you President Trump for looking out for the AMERICAN people.
They're a menace to society. It's for the safety of us.
They hate the US. That's how. If they end up making a fully functional ICBM, they would surely try to bomb us first
So what's your point? This is exactly what we want
Me thinks thou protests too much
I think you need to look up the definition of economy. They cannot grow with sanctions in place. N Korea relies heavily on imports.
You can tell I'm on vacation by all the tweeting I'm doing! #golf
When's the vote on this 
Of course Russia votes with you. You practically suck Putin's cock on a daily basis 

Yeah we know dude! It's like on the news everywhere. Like all over the world. You don't need to tell us this stuff. Go do presidential stuff
He's a little late to the breaking news game; golf game more important.
It's not like his "base" is on twitter! One needs certain level of competency to function on twitter. So go on one of your stupid rallies!
Their rallies...they all look like cult members, don't they?
By definition they are. He can seriously shoot somebody and they will say "the guy must have deserved it". They make me vomit.
Love this and tweeted suggestion we make this OUR FIGHT SONG over a week ago. Let's RT until ppl sick of song hahahahahaha
 Here are  7 things YOU can do  RIGHT NOW to #Resist the #Trump agenda and set the stage for #ImpeachTrump:
You're wasting your time lol here's ONE thing you can do to find out the Truth about the Pedophiles n our gov. Read Podesta's emails!
Don't bother with #FakeNews! Get the real  from Breaking News!
Then share with the world!
WATCH:  https://www.dcdouglas.com/breakingnews/   #TrumpRussia
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus shows dat #SaintRampalJi is d saviour & he will become d greatest person of humanity having fame biger than Jesus
The POTUS uses Twitter to keep the public informed on yuge topics! Don't stop!
1 John 4:10
In this is #love, not that we #loved #God, but that He #loved us and sent His #Son to be the [1/2]
VERY good news!!! 
  respect Trump smh lol

And I think your doing great Mr. President.  So glad I voted for you
Ditto #MAGA
Completely meaningless unless you can get China to enforce them—which, clearly, you can't. This is misleading.
Bravo. Eli-but he's sending Jared and Ivanka to "pave the way" for his next useless "meeting" with the Chinese. They'll fix it- yup- bigly.
That won't stop the crazy leader of North Korea from making nukes or other weapons. He knows you're weak and will do whatever he chooses!
Of course Russia voted with us. We ARE Russia, thanks to you selling us out to #Putin.  You're a weak shell of a man. 

#TrumpRussia
Leslie Nielsen for POTUS!
Isn't he dead?  I think I'd rather have a dead man than a dumb man.
"Good noW!"®,B"H. When the same thing happens on a point of Israel bashing, we will have won big party.
"Good noW!"®,B"H. @RussiaConnect @10DowningStweet
應該感謝我們大中國喲
Well said ,A real zippy vigorous President Trump ,leading nation leaders on the UN security council on behalf the American people LOL #MAGA
Or did the US vote with china and Russia? Maybe everyone just voted?
don't be naive, why would Mao and Iosef help us?Sanctions have never worked in past, military action only solution!
stop Herod now before he sinks Oahu and Guam then hit West Coast
Ja sam uz Trampa protiv Severne Koreje! Idemooo
I ja, dragi brate! "Idemooo!" 
Yes, coordinated effort is what grown ups do with conflict. What the don't do is tweet impulsive n harassing messages.
Careful. He still thinks what he's been doing every weekend in that golf cart is called Presidenting.
Nar! Prison will do just fine
I was talking about the mango 
They should do the same with Iran.
The US just passed sanctions agains Iran. Pay attention.
I hope China's vote keeps NK from going ape & starting a nuclear war. This could go bad fast. I hope we have anti missile system on W coast
THAAD systems would be good. Anything that could intercept incoming ICBM. Lasers. Anything to keep Homeland safe.
And you and Putin go on vacation at the same time...hum!! Very suspicious. Not good!

There's more treason by Obama & violation of the Logan Act since he left office that he could spend the rest of his life in prison. TRAITOR!
#macdaddy trump is the boss
China and Russia the only ones to vote with you? Or are they all you care about because of your personal business ties?

WELL WE WISH IT WAS A VACATION !!! YOU ARE THE ENERGIZER BUNNY IN HUMAN FORM !!! WE LOVE AND RESPECT YOU FOR EVERYTHING YOU ARE DOING !!!
For China & Russia to have voted with us We must~THANK~Pres.Trump~He changed the way they thought of U.S. 4 sure~Another great POTUS move~♡~
We're with you keep kicking ASS!!! MAGA
Great Job Mr. President
Mr Trump ignore the negative remarks. God bless you!
You will always find a way to put in a good word for Russia. You are pathetic.
The Credible @UN that does zero about US Drone Strikes all over the World, or about YOU sitting in a pile of Nukes! Not dangerous enough?
Shouldnt have sanctioned Russia we forgave the Brits for burnin the WH in 1812 & the Japs & Germans the Russians were Allies.WW1 &2 forgive
I doubt Kim Jong-Un will go hungry. It will be his people who suffer
possibly so, but the sanctions are not known yet!
He is an evil bastard. The Chinese need to get involved more directly
yes China need to exert their influence and take a leading role. Whether they can convince N Korea to change tact though!!?
Only Trump could pull this off now who says he is no good 4 USA
We are praying for you and our country every day! May God continue to bless you as you strive to make America great again !!!
The Chinese and the Russians will say one thing and do another... Trust No One !
Since u have been in office. Major changes has happened.  And I know this for a fact my friend. Always Republican.  Glad u helped mexico.
Yay 
That right sir no more paying north Korea when Jesus has nuts the six of america. Don't pay them I'll tell you my if we are safe in Jesus am

Your the Man Brother.  We love ya @realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump to my me like help toward The persons. Donald. By that cause I'm again in his account. I just want help to rest. 
#WINNING!! #MAGA!!
So now you like the United Nations?  It's hard to keep up.
Because finances mean MUCH more than lives. To you.
Starve women and children. Create Refugee crisis.  Just like Iraq, Syria.  Disarm.  Take over.  U. S. owns Korea puppet govt
IN TRUMP WE TRUST
Is it any wonder NK want nuclear weapons - it's the only defence to CIA regime-change wars!
Was 9/11 an inside job
HALLELUJAH!
putin is influencing ur decision in the white House.
Amen President Trump Sir
That is awesome now order an investigation on wasserman comey lynch and Clinton . You as President must instruct order for judicial prosec

Our national security is imperiled by your idiocy, not the leaks that describe it-repeatedly. #25thamendment #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachNow
So did 12 other countries, FYI.
Keep up your amazing job Mr. President!  We support you
Wait I thought your team hated globalist  . . . cucks, is that the word? Are we even in the UNSC anymore?
Are you done for the day or between nines? How ya hitting em'? Love that new "GANGSTA" handle! #PIMPOTUS @LouiseMensch @TeaPainUSA #Mueller
Big trap to dilute Usa that they are in allies so Usa will drown and a big adventure with North Korea then they will step in the back
I Love the Trump's!
Wow, guess all your whining led to exactly the same thing the last administration would've done. Congrats!
SURE, RUSSIA AND CHINA DON'T WANT TO UNCOVER THEIR TREASONOUS PLANS. BOTH OF THEM ARE BEHIND NORTH KOREA, BELIEVE ME! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Our trust & faith is always with you, Mr President
Call his bluff tired of the crying wolf , bring it on little man  launch your little rockets let's see you get Trumped
Donald :  China could be using NK to test their missiles and draw attention away fro China.  Makes sense 
@Gen_McMaster
There are legions of people out here, praying for you, believing in ur agenda and thanking God that you are our President. Iam only1 of many
An American weak country in front of Russia the combined force
China and Russia only voted with the USA because they know our President means business!
Did Putin dictate our vote? You're a traitor.
And you don't have the backbone to do it without p*ssy footing on Russia. Repulsive cheating family. So much losing, so much losing to come.
@POTUS golfing again? Lying conman phony crook should be working on middle class tax cut. @SenateGOP @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @MSNBC
Д.Трамп, даже резолюция СБ ООН не спасёт вас от возмездия КНДР, если США нападут на Корею и её мужественный народ. Янки убирайтесь вон, вон!
We are with #NorthKorea to take revenge of Killings of people of #Syria #iraq #Kashmir #Afghanistan #Pakistan #gaza #yemen #Palestine #UNSC
Great job@realDonaldTrump
and so is targeting Mexican immigration, but then again we know you don't eat salad that much.
Mr.President, I just saw that the Democrat, r forming grassroots movement OFA..Call demo.back from break &SHUTTEM down! WE Don't need Obama
Is it possible for you libtards to be any dumber. These are unanimous sanctions against North Korea. You all have Trump Derangement Syndrome
We will see. I hope it works but you are dealing with a truly mentally defective maniac. He kills because he likes it, the more horribleways
Because you don't does a think. Donald. Will be best his friendship. Why I am a man quiet. I like help to rest.
In spite of ALL your opposition!! You continue to succeed !!
Good news, but tread carefully, the leader of N Korea will have no compunction in striking first.
Suddenly you like the UN? Hurry up Mueller!!!

A billion bucks?  That's chump change to a bigshot like you,  and more importantly,  Chinese creditors
Treason is putting a desertor soldier's father to send a message   to the world in Arab from the White House.
Keep up the great work PRESIDENT TRUMP. Your doing a great job
I'm a good guy Donald Trump I'm not the bad guy you talk bad on Hillary Clinton about Lucifer your Lucifer.
I don't think north Korea care mate!
@MaxSkyler1 Great job @nikkihaley
Trump accomplished what Obama could not.....0 veto.
Believe that the two countries are stupid.
And that had absolutely nothing to do with you. You're a buffoon
EXCELLENT. That regime needs to fall and fast!
Trump: I hate your orange, toupee wearing ass because I want this country to thrive, not suffer, but something actually good happened
Stay Strong Mr. President.........Your Base Is 100% Behind You.....
The @POTUS is indeed draining the swamp. I just bought my 2nd one of these to show my support.  http://m.ebay.com/itm/401368428313 …   @Zippo
Come on, this criminal has to be put down!
#DonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #UnitedStates #AmericaFirst
If God is for you who can be against.
The Art of war book should be a must read (I think it is in some places).
Good advice on strategic use of military power 
from ages ago.
US going bankrupt under Dumpster.  Really sad outcome!
,,, All that DOSENT mean Squat , when their Pushing Buttons w/Nukes just waiting to b deployed ,,,
I told ya we were cool
