And you will not get there, @realDonaldTrump. We're smarter than you.
Get over it and help build our country you will benifit from it.
He is. Lol
I honestly wish Rand Paul was in the House so he could take over Ryan.
Republicans are going to loose their party if they support fraud and lies etc. They need to make him answer truthfully what's going on!
What lies and frauds? Trump has not committed any. Hillary has
Hello @GOP
U don't represent me
Which is why u will all be so sorry
U see
Ur stay on the hill has no guarantee
We'll give u the boot in 2018
Amen!! I am behind you and praying for you. You are my President!!!
Sad day in America when the leaders are so childish, we need a change that's for sure..... Term Limits all the way, thank you Trump.....
Hmh
Y democrats don't understand their leaders left horrible trade agreements which hurt USA & without Trump those agreement would not change
How many votes does it take to get a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton? #ClintonCorruption


The sooner you realize #Democrats and RINOs are enemies of the Republic, the sooner things will get fixed
The problem with Republican Party not enough Republicans
Check out who voted how so we can make change for #2018 and #2020 #WakeUpAmerica
#draintheswamp #voterfraud #hillary4prison #huma4prison
Plans and timelines dont always work out the way we want, but the President is still working to accomplish what he promised.
That's right. A promise is not broken until he puts up his hands and quits trying.  Keep it up we got your back. #realDonaldTrump
I understand we can come up with the money for the wall in other ways but Planned  Parenthood & Sanctuary cities gotta go
Don't WE HAVE CONTROL OF THE HOUSES?
Doing a great job Mr. President
It's always someone else's fault. Own up to the fact that so far you've failed BIG. #fakepresident #RELEASEYOURTAXES
"H.E.INDIAN PRIME MINISTER  INVITES FOR YOGIC REVOLUTION-YOGAYUGA-PARADISE"=Angels
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/heprime-minister-india-calls-yogic-mehar-bhai … …by @MEHARSI60423563 on @LinkedIn
*Mr. President, If Paul Ryan can't deliver, then what good is he to your presidency and the GOP? Time for new leadership! Now!*
No! You have the Veto! Stop listening to Ryan sycophant Reince Preibus! We don't need a budget! Harry Reid proced that! Drain the Swamp
Then have McConnell get of his dead ass and change it to 51%.  We need to be creative in running Congress and this country. WE WON!!!

Bull!!!  Then how did Obamacare pass without ONE republican voting for it. Same ol' same ol' swamp. And more up yours to Americans!!
Trump is clueless. This was totally unnecessary.  He caused it by stripping the protection from the DACA children. Then, failed to renew CHIP.   He is dumb and dangerous.
Why such a hard-on over immigrants?  You married 2 of them!!!
They didn't need Republicans to pass it, we shouldn't have to have Democrats to get rid of it! #HealthcareBill
Fox News trying to brain wash with more and more Anti-Trump guests!  Not impressed! Only watch Lou Dobbs and Hannity!!!
Wow he really does talk about our country's issues for all the world to see. I have always said "don't put your business in the street".
At least he's transparent with most things. As much as he can be anyways
We will rid the rest of the democrats from the senate in the next two elections. They are anti-America!!!
Mr. President We NEED Convention Of States Article 5 of the Constitution. Enough is enough!
You said you'd cover me.  Healthcare for everyone, better. Pre-conditions covered, you promised.  You LIED and I'll pay ultimate price, notU
Didn't mention I'm 51, diagnosed 48 b/c gov't stopped testing PSA. Showed up terminal. Broke now fighting it; safety net gone. Shame on you.
Thanks for your compassion.  I am now terrified for my future as a cancer patient.  Stanford grad; terminal, OOL. I'm dead now.
Go back to the drawing board
Dear Pres Trump... DO NOT PUT A HEALTH CARE BILL IN THAT IS NOT REPEAL OR REPLACE!    WE Trust YOU 2 help US!   OUST PAUL RYAN!
Dear president Donald trump it must be hard for you to deal with this kind of back stabbing within our party. This party has no balls.
@realDonaldTrump if @SenateMajorityL would just Go Nuclear we wouldn't need 60 Votes! Change the rules for God's Sake!
Dear president Donald trump, question did we give into the Democratic Party on the budget deal to avoid the shutdown. A sad day for the GOP
Xin qiu
Dear president Donald trump what can we do about our party it lacks the will to lead and that is sad. We gave them the health care bill.
Dear mr president you have to understand that our party lacks balls and everytime the fire gets hot and heavy they scatter like roaches.
Dear mr president please listen to what I am about to say hold off until next year to do the health care bill. January of 2018 is perfect
I now pay 75% of my pay check for family plan with $9000 deductible. College education with good pay. Ridiculous!
You are the "GREAT DEAL MAKER". You are supposedly really smart. Make a deal with the Democrats. Not rocket science.
Really???? A budget was passed no government shut down! That is a win win...you are your own worst enemy!
Fire Comey NOW !! We want justice !!
It's a Democracy Donny...envious of your Dictator friend Putin about now?
#Veto veto veto
so the great "negotiator" capitulated on everything and got nothing in return. No Art in that Deal!
Negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats FOR the Democrats. Dems are just laughing all the way now. Well done team Trump.
Talk to me by texting RESIST to 50409 @POTUS #SCROTUS resistbot.io
Then veto the crap out of it all! We want PP defunded, we want the Wall, we want Obamacare GONE! This was a big disappointment!
The reason is because there are democrats and republicans as there will always be and they need to work together.
Because it's a horrible plan that fucks over millions of people in order to protect insurance company profits. #AHCA
The votes weren't there because it's a HORRIBLE plan!
Now... this has been a major twitter rant! Something getting under your skin, little man??!!! Hahahahahaha!!!
HOGWASH! YOU TAKE BACK CONYROL--NOW-OR YOU BE NOTHING BUT A GLOBALUST PUPPET!! GOOD GID-WAKE UP! GET RID OF KUSHNERS!-NOW!
well I am saddened by the deal brokered for the budget...a bunch of damn talk and no action on the majority of your campaign promises..
Change the rules or your not going to get anything done..
Unify the country Mr. President
Can make World great again
PRESIDENT TRUMP PUT HER IN JAILGOD BLESSED YOU FOR PURPOSE MAGA
WE NEED TO VOTE OUT RYAN SCHIFF WATERS PELOSI SCHUMMER THEY HATE YOU COMMON PEOPLE WHO SHARE ONE COMMON LIGHTLET YOUR LIGHT SHINEPRAY
Then do nothing and let it implode. Call their bluff Mr. President. You'll win a second term.
NO, WE DONT!  REPUBLICAN SCAM!!!  OUT WITH THE REPUBLICANS, SAVE AMERICA! TRUMP MUST HAVE RYAN N MCCONNEL REMOVED, OR FACE TOTAL DEFEAT!!
#We420You #SuperSickPhatTight #SUGTOONSDOTCOM @SUG_Toons https://youtu.be/I7eb7l0nLIE . #UncleDarryl  #FilmReview
Easy Fix. Change the rules and use the nuclear option. We won.
I stopped all party volunteer & donations. Why give up my time & money to be sold out & told the sky is blue when it's actually gray.
Mr President. Please watch carefully the plan for healthcare. Their trying to eliminate pre existing conditions. This would bankrupt all ty
We are with you. Please don't let Ryan pull a stunt with pre existing conditions being eliminate from healthcare package.
Social security recipients need a raise badly. Obama gave us 0. We can't survive on a 2 percent raise. Please set aside money for us.
THATS THE PROBLEM+HALF? THE DEM+SOME GOP REPS/SENATORS CANT EVEN GET NAT SEC CLEARANCE==OUT TO GLOBALIZE/SEDITIOUS TAKEOVER USA ECON WARFARE
Hey @realDonaldTrump veto this @SpeakerRyan spending catastrophe and focus on the wall!
next elections, lets make sure that our votes go to the candidate with Trumps agenda, regardless of party
You keep separating Democrats and Republicans when you speak. No wonder America's gotten so hateful since you became president.#EQUALITY
Shut the govt. Down Mr. President.give the democrats nothing.take everything
#DumpRyan
First it was give us the house. Then Senate. Then white house. Now you want super majority? What's next. All Dems must lose seats?
@JohnTrumpFanKJV @POTUS IF HEALTHCARE FAILS AGAIN PLEASE VETO AND DO WHAT PRESIDENT REAGAN DID TO FIGHT DEMOCRAPS!FIRE RYAN
Please Donald put 3 points ... Not 4 .... @_perdi is crying blood.
Lol bad Grammer. Go get the motherfucking DC politician pedophiles. Hang them from the nearest lamp post. Daddy bush said that one. Lol!
I'm glad we hired you President Trump we have the smartest people in government now that I've ever seen in my lifetime. 
Stop talking malarkey and liars
Show you're tax returns Donny trumpy
Votes not there because not what you promised.  Pre-existing conditions that are affordable!!!  All people covered!!!
I voted for you and more and more I'm seeing a total D.C. Rino ...what happened to draining the swamp....you're part of it
The @GOP literally controls ALL THREE branches of govt. Still can't govern and you, Bobo the Clown, are in charge of this circus.
Fuckin bull shit! Minority Dems controlled the budget. They are driving the agenda. Republicans didn't drive the agenda as minority party.
Dude, the GOP put off the ACA for a fucking year and gutted it down to its current state. They filibustered the shit out of Obama.
The hell. Every rino resolution (60+) didn't do anything to the aca. Democrats never voted on them. So they never passed.
Dude, look at the proposed ACA when Obama was running and what we got. The bill was watered down and is basically the old GOP plan.
Total control and they still can't do it.
Concessions had to be made to get it past the moderates. That's pretty much all there was to it.
Idiot Pelosi: We have to pass it to know what is in it.
"away from the fog of controversy", that is a quote mine of the most extreme order.
#TrumpShutdown
This sounds like the rant of a dictator. We should all be alarmed. Donald Trump has little if any regard for our constitutional process. He is at war with this country. He is helping Russia attack us from within. GOP COMPLICIT. STOP THIS INSANITY!
HA HA HA  THE DEMS ARE DOING EXACTLY WHAT THE REPUBLICANS DID TO OBAMA IN 2013 REMEMBER WHT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND SO NOW IT'S YOUR TURN. NOW SUCK IT UP AND STOP WHINNING!
Maybe the Democrats will have the 60 votes that they will need! #TrumpShutdown #RepublicanShutDown
Resign.
@realDonaldTrump
You idiot, you will stop at nothing to bring this country to its knees. Your alteration of congressional rules is designed to bring the US to one party rule. You and your Republican party, as defined by your tax debacle, care not one wit for the damage caused to the future! Dip.
We were promised tremendous deals.
Idiot
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which ar...
then put forth a better plan for ALL AMERICANS.  Oh that's right, you don't do anything except whine and deflect blame!
faciscist.
Mr.President you R Shooting yourself in the foot with your tweets. Remember that you CATCH MORE FLIES WITH HONEY, THAN VINEGAR. Nice words.
Rom.12:20 says if your enemy is hungry,feed him, thirsty,give drink,by doing so U will heap burning coals on his head."OVERCOME EVIL W GOOD.
Do to the undercover #GOP also known as #Rinos
When the fight breaks out only the strong survive eat a Japanese sword KAMIKAZE DEVINE WIND the same as islam forevermore
@AllTrumpsTweets I think your stryking thier nirvs something good will come out of it I hope in our favor thank you
@AllTrumpsTweets they are vicious to you and us anything you provide I'm gathering they won't vote for it even if it's good
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
U r messing with my livelihood.  What a disgrace your actions or inactions will be.  RBI going to pay my bills?
There not there for a GOOD reason. Lousy plans!
If the votes aren't there, then it doesn't work for We The People. Compromise, cooperation.
What you propose will destroy our Constitutional separation of powers and open the door to a dictatorship.
Thank GOD! If we have one..
YOUR "Plan" is stupid. Like you.
No more spoons in the U.S. It does dead much people.
Great!
Try the nation rebuilding the Dems should vote for it but they will find some reason to say NO
Your firing of Comey was classless. Why didn't you call him to the White House and handle it like a professional? Bad advice from staff.
D #RealReason is your #GOP Caucus, even with D needed Numbers, can't agree Amongst them selves, U NEED Libs to overcome YOUR Deficiencies!
The US does not belong to its people, it is the US controlling stake in the Fed.
David Clarke! He's the only REAL option.
Yeah, that's how our government works...has no one told you you're not really the king of the country....
Go to sleep chicken
Yeah yeah zzzzzzzzzz
That's how it works Don. You didn't know that before you took office?  Their not all Yes men anymore. You have to work for it.
Passed only because you arm twisted those that originally held out.
Impeach Trump
this is becoming nauseating.  I have lost complete faith in ur judgement. I have major buyers remorse and feel so betrayed by U!!!
U are becoming a bonafide dictator and you will be fired in due time as well. the US is not a corporation so u aren't immune from same fate
Liar
Too many of them hate Trump is the reason
Donald John Trump your not making the world great again because your banning the Mexican people to stay on there side.
no, the reason is that your foolish policies are going down like shot ducks. Wake up - you are incompetent.
Democrats aren't going to agree to making Reps rich with tax cuts while the poor have decreased health benefits & increased premiums
As long as the bill reads like the far rights wet dream it's NEVER going to get through the senate. Deal with it
Actually if you work WITH the democrats who actually DO want to work with you, you could easily get it through both houses
GOOD
Yes you have to compromise good work Mr. President
Duh..there hs,a reason. For that!
Veto the interim budget. Shut down now!
Adam best is a poor excuse for not letting the truth be told. instead he deflects by vulgar insults
That last statement is the only honest thing you have said.
"Never been a time like this"
You would see that he has our best interests at heart.  But you are just to ignorant to notice this!
Every American will have a health care said the president,if u bow to ur king of America, u will be covered
Vive la France and liberty, equality and dignity. None you seem to understand
where did you get your facts
We.....
Did any Dems even see it?  Most of the repubs couldn't tell us what was in it.
You will NEVER get senate to approve your  #RYANYOTRUMPDOESNTGIVEADAMNABOUTYOU!!! Healthcare Reform bill. I hope it like U SINKS deeply!
...do your job...get off the damn phone...you might learn something
imagine the respect and accolades if you resign....they'd be HUGE
Something to do with killing all their constituents I would presume
Thank god for @SenateDems !! #resist
Hopefully, those senators will stick to their guns.
When you can't win by the rules, you change the rules.  That's the sign of a loser.
That is not an acceptable excuse for a bad bill! Write a better bill. It's pretty simple! Stop trying to repeal AHA and just make it better!
Really disappointed
Let's get more Republican Senators in 2018!!Keep the movement going people!
Please resign. You are not fit.
I have never disliked a scpotus like you. You embarrass the US.
keep up the good work
