#RussiaMania Only reason hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
the only reason you keep mentioning the DNC is because you are developmentally 9 y/o and insecure #MinorityPresidentElect
200 million American voters personal data
http://gizmodo.com/gop-data-firm-accidentally-leaks-personal-details-of-ne-1796211612?rev=1497877260890&utm_campaign=socialflow_gizmodo_twitter&utm_source=gizmodo_twitter&utm_medium=socialflow …
#RNCLeak #GOP #leaks
@realDonaldTrump Yes their embarressed. Look how hard their working to deflect from the truth. Look at Hillarys e-mails. You don't have to be a genius to figure this out. Although  some do need help.
Accessibility to national security facts by the public could devastate the economy and put the enemies of the USA on notice
Where's your proof? as far as I see it you just want to try and slow down your impeachment and be ready for your new clothes in strips!
Good reply. 
What is wrong w/you???  SMH
#RNCLeak http://gizmodo.com/gop-data-firm-accidentally-leaks-personal-details-of-ne-1796211612?rev=1497877260890&utm_campaign=socialflow_gizmodo_twitter&utm_source=gizmodo_twitter&utm_medium=socialflow …
Except the Dems won the popular vote and you had to cheat to actually get elected.  Your remarks show you know you're guilty.
actually, she won by three million votes and lost the electoral college by a small margin, correct me if i am wrong.
Tech could be used easily to screw facts and the dissemination of false facts including computer forensics. 21st century
More embarrassingly is the election to an idiot!
It’s discussed because the Russians did it with collusion from your campaign.
The fact that you had your Russian comrades do it to help you win the election so you can work with your  hero putty  had a whole lot to do with it to comrad.
I really do not trust our intelligence agencies they known about this and done nothing washington thinks they can hood wink
Except they actually won the popular vote, didn't they?
This should embarass any Trump supporters.
praying for you today
Their cant be many more toys left to throw out of your stroller! What a child you are.
@MarianneHofer Democrats have been using and plotting corruption for 8 years now it is time for them to pay the price.
Amen to that.  Karma's a bitch.
That's right Daddy-O!  Give it to 'em in the teeth. I despise those selfish, self-righteous suck-ups to Soros
you are embarrassing a whole country and your family.
you act smart. That's why I love democrats more than republicans. Be humble
the majority of America is embarrassed by YOU. Do,you even care?
U n ur violation of th cnstitushn n our judges dsqualifies ur ctizenshp of USA. Pak up n leave. Ura traitr ur unkind. Leave
U sir do not blong to this nation. U r dsresoectful of th law of our judges. U blong in a barbaric world. Pak up n leave.
You and your FAILING FAKE PRESIDENCY.
the dems r not mbarasd. Thy remain standing with dignty n gudnes. U r th embarasmnt. U r nt welcom. Ur nt our presdent.
in all due respect sir so tired of your whining. Stop being petty and start acting like the leader of the free world.
really? are we still on this?
@BrendaDennison3 SPOT ON Me. President !!!!!
You are an embarrassment,to all American's.It is such a shame.
trying to buy a new car this b yr . getting in good with put in so he can get a new u go !
plan and simple stupid
You are delusional.  See a doctor and resign. #socalledpreident
,@realDonaldTrump No, it's b/c you profited from it, encouraged more of the same on national TV, and act as it's no big deal.
A president of actual substance would take this seriously, regardless of the party so targeted. You are no such person.
NO because we have a so-called President in WH because of Putin pulling strings. What's he got that's worse than goldenPP
Prosecute
great job
cyber security taken for granted like there votes. Many protesters the same way. Trump still not taken serious
I hope your coffee burns your tongue
can ADD to the list of SCANDALS under #obama??
Dems winning the vote from 3 million more people, but ending up with YOU, is a huge loss to the whole6 World.
almost 3 million votes is a landslide 
PART TWO IS THAT IT MOSTLY HELPED YOU GET ELECTED
NOT HELPED CLINTON
Congratulations! Even with Putin's help, you still managed to lose popular vote by THREE MILLION! Sad!
the only embarrassment i feel is you being elected. Like you said. You love the uneducated.
you lost the popular vote bud.
WRONG.  National security.  Why can't you see that.  Come on.  You smoke and mirrors is ridiculous.
: The success of Karpov as Chess Champion was in part due to refuting shallow notions of psychology in conflict issues!
Totally agree100%
You barely squeaked by ya liar. Illegitimate because your buddy helped you sway just enough. No mandate. Pitiful.
The "hacking" exposed the TRUTH.  Nobody lied about THEM it was the TRUTH about them exposed.  All the TRUTH.
soooo Watergate wasn't talked about as much?.... #wrong

Wrong
@Trump4Hope That is the truth. 
the loss was so big that Clinton got millions more votes than you.
are u for real
I don't see this as hacking I see it as truth-telling
Donald,I don't understand why people that don't like you continue to be on your Twitter account. I don't have Hilary Clinton on mine.
Trump you have the UNITED STATES people behind you, and that is Fact demo's can cry all they want.
Best/jstout
traveling from the People's Republic of California to see you inaugurated excited for your administration please #MAGA.
I'm 70years old so keep doing what you're doing because  I don't trust the main stream media
what ever happened to seth rich
with all your opponents saudi=buyouts, and everything else she did, any school child could access sensitive files/shameful
HRC sure didn't care, r all Dems related that way? I wonder! H & her private server, a no, no Dems DNC hacked! Triple no!
u r right, Dems don't want 2 think, they r dummies! 2 me, they didn't care if their hacked! Isn't it funny they do now! ...
lying
My Husband and I have been married for 27yrs and we can't afford to get him Medicare's part B.
.    Thay near to put there head in the sand
They had it coming.  Had nothing to do with Russia.
#trumpLostPublicVote3million
I call bSafe. You are just arrogant.
Only reason the hacking of the DNC is discussed was potential influence to election outcome. Repubs should be embarrassed!
your MATH skills are severely lacking ! simple addition too hard to understand ?
Riiight. Because an authoritarian gov't hacking our election isn't a matter of nat'l security or anything. @realDonaldTrump
I believe it is correct to investigate how, then Sec/State Clinton's e-mails ended up on the computer of a pedophile.
Lie. ALL 17 intelligence agencies agree, Russian hacking occurred.
thank you for being selfless enough to fight for us. The genuine love this country shows
True.
But they won the popular votes not you
Are you going to govern us through Twitter?  Smh!
dems eon by unprecedented 3 mill. Election havked
Why don't you just get OFF of Twitter already, and start at keast TRYING to ACT as a (god bless us) president...dammit!!
keep telling yourself that, she won popular vote by wide margins. That is how much people don't like you
Big loss, hm? Some numbers for your supporters who think you're popular just because THEY like you:
seriously if you believe this you really still think you are a reality star #delusional
fun fact: Clinton received 65,844,610 votes, or 48.2% of the #popularvote; Trump received 62,979,636 votes, or 46.1%.
shame on you trying to steal
you are a laughing stock
Time to get past Russia. Does anyone remember Acorn? Curious to know how many democratic voters were already deceased.
yea the feds aren't to concerned about the years of hacking by every other country in the world.
Embarrassed you're getting away with rigging the poles.
MPEOTUS lost popular vote by 3Million. How is that you figure the American people are with you. Do the math. Viva Manchrria
wow, how high are you right now?
oh, she beat your ass with 3 MILLION votes. #illegitimatePresident
They should be embarrassed!! You've done more in the last few months than Obama & the Democratic Party did in 8 years!
Popular vote?!
how does your son feel about our childrens future?
Hey Omeed. O'Bama won because of the electoral college also. Duh!
please point out it was the DNC and Podesta that was hacked showing how crooked they really are.
US operatives actively interfered in Israel's last elections, supported Netanyahu's foes, Obama was raged by the results.
This lie won't cover for all you other lies.  You cannot be trusted.  Impeachment lies ahead.
Hillary won popular vote
Um, no Donald. The Russian hacking of any american system is a concern in and of itself, to any intelligent american
YOU ARE NOT NOR WILL YOU EVER BE THE PRESIDENT OF THE PEOPLE
U R right. Their carelessness & incompetence led 2 their defeat. Glad competent Donald J Trump & Repubs won. #DemDefeat.
@DiamondandSilk Why didn't #PuttinHackers hack into the popular vote. The only hacking going on was HRC
We are embarrassed by your actions and not by the election
We are embarrassed by you Trump
But Hillary got 3 million votes more than you. So wtf are you talking about? The EC is what saved you.
Aha- Once again FAKE statement not based on actual fact.
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
Actually, you lost by nearly 3 million votes.  Far more people despise you than can stomach you.  Bigly!
I am so sick and tired of the media!
So big?  Your arithmetic skills make it suddenly clear how you managed to bankrupt so many companies.
You won the election with the help of your friends !!
@Trump4Hope  That is very true donald and the sick thing is they no it is poorly defended!
true
nothing legitimate in your rigged win. That's ok, your love in with Putin will bring you down.
you lost
what happened to being a president for all the people? You're a divisive train wreck.
You are protecting your ego over the American http://people.You  are unfit to serve this country or run a fast food joint.
They hacked the RNC, too, ya big dummy.
not a mandate at all.
Actually their loss wasn't so big - and neither was your win - loss of popular vote and 10th lowest electoral showing =
they won popular vote by 3 million. More like them than you.
Looks to me the FBI and Comey are kissing your ass to save their own necks after being fair weather Democrats for 20 years
U don't get it. We are over Hillary & the election. The only thing we're trying to do now is save our republic.
Your cult might believe you but nobody else does. You're an illegitimate president who lost by almost 3M votes biggest ever
absolutely  !
cool, now could you please stop tweeting and take care of proper issues 
no,no,no,no,no don't you see that what happened was wrong,Wong wrong,wrong!!!!!!!!!!!!
If HRC was good for the USA, why see Uranium to Russia? Helping the Purple Revolution in DC, to do acts of violence,SHAME!
George Soros owned voting machines in over 20 states, HRC lost, they are going to disrupt ceremony in DC, paid ANARCHY!
They paid Millions by Nazi Collaborator Globalist George Soros, wants to Take Down America to make $$ from Hegding- TRAITOR
.@realDonaldTrump 
If you haul you furniture out to the side of the road, is it really stealing (hacking) if someone drives by and takes it?
YOU are the ULTIMATE embarrassment in American politics. Racism, discrimination, sexism, etc. has been there since day 1...
You are the President Elect. You're job is to protect everyone. Will you step up?
Why are you still discussing it?
Mr. President, I'm in Hospital. My 120 time in 25 yrs. YOU'RE 100% CORRECT! You say it as is. They hate it. Wish the best.
Did the Russians kill #SethRich too?  Asking for America
NOT!!!!!!!
HRC got more votes than you did....nothing embarrassing about that.
you said it was rigged from the second you ran....and now proof it was!! You called it.
What did they expect running HC?
except that you lost the popular vote.......so........yyeeeeaaaahhhhh.......
...but Hillary garnered roughly 2.5 million more votes than you did...
true
@DrAmerica_MD
all the Denial
actually, you lost the American's vote. The electoral college isn't representing America. But you only congratulate #ifuwin
you would have lost without the cheating and dishonesty from your friend Putin amongst others!! So sad, so si disturbing!!
The corrupt media's motive for discussion/attacking us, is due to their embarrassment that Wikileaks did their jobs!
#FakeNews
no Prez Elect Trump, it was an unprovoked attack on this NATION!
Didn't more people vote for her than you?
... or possibly because a foreign power interefered in an American election. Very worth discussing.
the snowflakes are still whining.they need to change their diapers and get over it you are our president
Dems cant get over it because they cheated and still lost, LOL!
We are all of us embarrassed by YOU! Get a grip! We are getting scared! Do you know what to do at all??!!
Mr. Pres Elect. Look forward ya got a big job. Your supporters got the rear view mirror. We got your back.
@Trump4Hope absolutely Mr. President Elect. The Dems know it but its eating them to the bone. One day Dems may see the lite
You R anUnloved GrosslyOverl-Nourished Bully.LookUponUrcrumbling base.Ur hundreds ofLiesR comingHome2roostWageOfSin
IsDeath
They're grasping at straws! They don't have a strong enough constitution or backbone to admit their mistakes!
