Explain how congress pays for it after giant tax cuts.
It's too late.  Since you and your swamp has put Russia  1st. the RICH 2nd and the rest of us Americans 3rd, we don't trust or believe you
The only thing it's time to start is the strategy for your impeachment! It's in motion but you're ego won't let you see and realize that!
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah . . . . .
The FIRST Tweet by our narcissistic, weak President that has mad my happy. NOW we'll see if the prick can make it happen. #LastWeekTonight
Wish we had so a great President in Germany.
Ford cutting loose 1400.  Sick of all the winning.
@realDonaldTrump said: "When I'm wounded I go after people hard, okay? And I try to unwound myself."
This right here......i mean C'mon America
what year do you think this is?
asking for a friend
2017 Are u lost somewhere?
DEMOCRATS HATE AMERICA!
And Russian piss prostitutes!
why is this a lie?
What about all that Chinese steel you bought?
What about it? He is saying it's time to switch to American
            24th             
       weekend of     
.            golf             
Records show that you only wanted Mexican or Latino workers so you could get them for a LOT less money to work. Only 1X went through hire ag
Over a very short period of time
ي فخامة ترامب ذبحتنا وحربت بلادنا  علية غضبي ايها المتعجرف ي كلب المال  
#FAKENEWS
It's time to put your people to work lol
I'm going to have you stop bothering @luckyshamrock2, he claims you hacked his Minecraft account and leaked his information. Thank you. :)







Whatever side you are on, we can all agree ...memes!

You are illegitimate #corruptPOTUS

It sounds great! Who are you gonna sell your products? Best!
Just not on the #DAPL Pipeline, right?
Comey is a patriot, and he will go down in history as a patriot. You are the leaker who leaked info. To the Russians, and are probably still
You'll all know in the very near future of the future when it's very near or sometime in a few weeks of a very short time. #covfefe
@realDonaldTrump You've been saying that for months now. #NoActionTrump #TrumpRussia
Is that why you exempted DAPL and KXL, now being built with steel from Russia and China?I don't believe a word that comes out of your mouth.
American aluminum and steel imported from chy-nah!
How many little blue Tiffany boxes will @FLOTUS bring to DC now that donnie little hands got around to watching "tapes" from #trump tower?

"How can James Comey, as you insist, be a liar and at the same time be vindicating you?”
 
Still waiting for an answer to this one, Donald.
Hmmmm
Trump wrote about those same conversations in his open letter firing Comey May 9. It was published front page in NYT on May 10.
And on the cover of Washington Post
Read something else sweetheart.
D.O.T. Mission is "fast" "efficient" Roads, but Cities are stealing our car lanes & forcing Gridlock on Interstates! HELP!!
I can't believe the 2 scoops thing was actually a news story. What are we, in kindergarten?
Don't forget the "Trump is afraid of stairs" story.  LOL.  These people are nuts.
Trump was chosen...read em and weep
says the man who uses chinese steel
M0
Ppl
DJT is a wise man I pray Amen
You put yourself first. You put your ego first. You put golf first. The people you lead don't come firs to http://you.You  are sad!
If you wanted to put America first you wouldn't nickel and dime our Healthcare or taxes. You care about you. Always have...always will.
It isn't about the healthcare for him. It is about ruining Obama's legacy. He will let people die so he can feel better than Obama. Crazy.
Again not true. We still got Obummer credit babe. Hello
So is THIS one of the ways you're "HELPING"??  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/24/business/dot-trump-local-hiring-public-works.html?partner=msft_msn …   #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #ObamaObsession #TrumpIncompetance

AS YOU SIT IN A HISTORIC MANSION , MILLIONS ARE WORRIED ABOUT PAYING THEIR TAX BILLS, GARNISHED WAGES, AND LOSING THEIR HOMES https://twitter.com/jim8175/status/943900987919667205 …
Great
تحتاجون االي دعم الامة الاسلامية لنصرتكم يوم تخوضون حربا علي اعداء لكم غير المسلمين...اما الحق يقال انكم ياامريكة وقيادتها
Agreed
Los Vegas shooter is still alive, because he belong FBI.think who held first press http://conference.now  collect fact before shooting where he was and some other activities.
Time to start building in our country, with American workers &amp; with American iron, aluminum &amp; steel. It is time ...
Yes. This is why the people elected you! Love the America First message. Thank you Mr. President.

 #MAGA
Name something positive he has done for their American people. One positive! Come on I dare you.
Rolled back EPA regulations to help coal miners go back to work. Our communities were devestated by Obama's idealogy.
Liberal lies. God gave us coal and thanks to Trump we have jobs and cheaper electric bills.
No. Fossils gave you coal. 

And there is no god.
Someday your knee will bow and your tongue will confess that He is Lord.
Will that happen before or after I confess that Santa is real?
I will admit you're right the second you provide evidence. Do you have proof?
With the Trump bump in the stock market there will be no shortage of American Jobs! Now let's #BuildThatWall and finally put #AmericaFirst
I agree! Let's build that wall right around Trump!

Seriously. Fucker needs his safe space.

He'll drown in a bowl of soup.
مرگ بر امریکا 

زنده باد ایران
USA 
Iran 
South American governments have tried for more than 150 years to block cheaper imports with only 1 dramatic result: falling way behind
Let's not
You are presidential as promised, but you are NOT BORING!

Then why do U & Ivanka have your merchandise MADE IN CHINA if America is first??? Stop the lies & hypocrisy!!! Worst President ever!!! LIAR!
ترامب . اخذ فلوس ال سعود كلها لاتبقي لهم شيء احلبهم كالبقر
Cut the red tape ,the permits,approvals and the waste of government payroll and give contractors the go ahead to make America great again!!
Please Mr President tweet about issues that matter. Don't get into he said she said wars. Keep is informed on things that really matter.
Have you looked at anything you, or your nepotistic family have done over the years.  All your shitty products are made overseas.  #Sad
For Trump supporters, "overseas" means NOT made in America.  The thing you voted for does not want to help you!  #Sad
with Arab's money
Yes, because the future is in low-tech
Awesome!
Trump is the Pied Piper and your all going off the cliff! Ignorance is Bliss!
Put #AmericasTop1PercentFirst
There's 'absolutely evidence' to begin obstruction of justice case on Trump: Bharara
Bout damn time . Good man
You use importrd steel for your buildings you 2 face
Did you just purchase a significant amount of Steele from Russia not too long ago?
You are drunk Don go home
@RoRoscoe John McCain and the other Internationalists will fight you every inch. Their futures are foreign free trade.
it's not going to be good enough! Too little too late! I'll support ur job efforts 100% but the war bullshit has to stop!
Time to find a new and real president...
God Bless America , it's finest achievements have been made from it's own sweat on brow & shoulder to the wheel
Tech has replaced most jobs, and greedy corporations giving jobs to low wage countries. Do your homework.
What about #keystoneXL? No one believes your lies.
FIRE MUELLER.. HE WILL BE BIASED AND SHOULD RECUSE HIMSELF!! BUT FIRE HIM BEFORE HE DAMGES YOU AS HE IS CLOSE TO COMEY!
But you use Russia Steele
America first? The people first? Anyone other than yourself first?
Yeah, and then a bed frame will be $300 but go ahead
Maybe you could built your hotels with American steel, have your clothes made in America. Put your money where your mouth is, little man
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahah you're a LOOSER hahahahahahahahahahahaha
You do your manufacturing in china, you hire cheap non American labor, & from what I understand-u don't use american steel.  Lead by example
STOP using China then; hypocrite!
proud of you President Trump way to go~
Just like you did when building you're building using steel from china and workers from Europe 
Fake lying So Called President
...and stop giving foreign aid.
Good Luck w/ that 'Real American Workers' thing! Companies are too used to hiring illegals for less pay & no insurance = bigger profits
The attorney is a brilliant answer let him do his job. Sorry I just care and I'm a lot like u saying less is saying more!
Even the Ohio mayor didn't believe you.
Talk is cheap. What jobs have even materialized? BTW CARRIER laid off 1000 more, but they'll love that tax break.   #trumpcareSUCKS
Says a man famous for getting away with not paying workers...
If pro life language is removed from health care bill, we will not reelect Republicans
Like you do.
After 6 months on the job, at what point are you no longer "new at this?" Ask pootie. He'll know.
Go ahead and do that. Still waiting!
Do it then and stop bragging about how great it will be. Good healthcare is all talk too. You lied to us all.
I say if you don't give a fair price, we should sell to the Chinese. Make America Broke Again
and start breaking our country apart. good job - hey how much money did you and your family make this week with the Saudi's?
My, my! You're such a hate filled boy! Be careful! The doctors say tha can cause cancer!
Look in the mirror and see your own hate and ugliness.
As times change businesses adjust to new ways of working - one would think you know that already. You cant go back in time.
Im from NH and Im already seeing better roads.Never seen soo much road work in years its great Thank you Mr.President
Then why are your buildings built with CHINESE steel?  Why are YOUR products made in CHINA? #FakePresident  #LiarLiarPantsOnFire
Start with the wall Mr. President
LOL! And maybe one day, you'll have a vocabulary that befits a president, not a preschooler.
So are you going to start using American workers for Trump products too?
Please help my 2admendment was wrongly taken from me. Please help
I'm a commercial carpenter and disabled at 53 from attempted murder by law enforcement and want your help investigating my problem PLEASE ??
Time to release your taxes
So are you bringing your companies back from China to have American workers produce them? How about Ivanka?
Your NOT credible. You LIE Don.
hey tRumpboy is that all you can do is tweet, try doing something good,oh yeah it's called RESIGN
Instead of fracking n confronting NATURE just4 a quick buck Wait till proper techn in place.U R only bigly in US the ROtW sees #PiratesRUS
Hell ya sir
Who's next? Head of CIA,NSA or both? For a good America, i sufest both, same time!!!! Let's do it!!!
Awesome I love junking
Hahahaha when have you ever done that. Gag
Yea let's cut more school funding it's ok we don't need to be smart or anything to rule the world in goods and comments wrf wrong wit u
The love for "made in America" is absurd if Chinese can transport heavy iron and aluminium to our shores and still beat us in price.
When is America going to build your products and make your ties. You're a phony liar
I am so proud to call you my president sir. Everyone needs to leave you alone and stop all this witch hunting.
When R U and UR family going 2 follow what U campaigned on about America goods & workers. LIAR LOSER
Aamen Mr President!!!
Just like the workers at Carrier that will be losing there jobs. ???? 
Goid stygf is being done.  Flood the news with the info. Folks don't care about Russia,  they care about jobs. Dem's need to grow up.
Thank you President Donald Trump!
What is your PLAN!?!?!
What are you waiting for you loser?
How about technology and forward thinking?! Seems like those are renewable resources with infinite potential.
Great! It's time to revive our economy!!
stop talking a tweeting and do something
Time to start building our country, with American workers & American iron, aluminum & steel. It is time to put #AmericaFirst
americans don't want Saudi toll roads or private bridges! We pay taxes for that & healthcare that is what we want done
You never did in the past. Ivanka does not do this now.  All useless liars and warts on the ass of mankind.
sure got that right
When will you be bringing your businesses back to the US?
Yeah cuz steel is sooo important in 2017.....i mean i would focus on nanotechnology but no go ahead with the steel
Hmmm... will you also switch from Chinese steel to American steel? Or is this just more bluster? You are soooo full of poopy!!
No you will not be able to do this you will be in prison
we can do the best we can
liar
Fake news.
I have preached that for years. Thank god for Mr. president trump.
Wall?
Clean American of Democrat control in position of power, fortune and fame in the military/federal government.  Establish your own legacy.
@POTUS انت تبني بلدك وفي نفس الوقت تهدم بلدي العراق ...ولاتحسبن الله غافلا عما يعمل الظالمون
Amen!!!
Wonderful
American iron he'll buy from mother Russia
Happy birthday Mr President Trump
that man was my father. HE died in 2005  he also said not in my day you will see a colored man who has visicious views of
#learningtherussianmafia
Shut up
Very good, Mr. President
Like you've always done? OH, wait, nevermind.
So you'll spend TRILLIONS retooling steel factories that closed in the '70s? You make me puke (on behalf of all ex-steel workers). #LIAR
Instead of telling the GREAT work Pres Trump is doing. Steve Hilton/Next Revolution is going to keep an eye on Pres. WHAT??? Show STINKS!!!
How about American factory workers? You & your family send all of those jobs to China. #MAGA
Let's fill the air with toxic smoke ! Have you seen a steel mill? Your take us back years ago. Go forword  Trump
What about those "illegals" who built trump towers
And the Keystone XL pipeline will not be built with American steel. Why don't you do something about that?
Just keep it up .. you make difference despite those liberals# Trumpalltheway..
Like you did with the pipeline (that is already leaking).  You promised american steel then gave them a waiver.  You lied AGAIN.
2/2  You need to set a ***positive*** example before you tell America what it needs to do.  We can't do as u do and survive, whatever u say.
Repeat, Repeat, Repeat! You are going to make "America great again" I thought it was pretty good before until Donald created "fake news"!
CA dying under Jerry Brown regime! In Federal ICU w/ terminal debt disease & Agenda21 cancer!JB taxed farting cows, still no infrastructure
We back you all the way.  Make the news have to print your side by pushing the VA more. Do what Feinstein said, get investigation on Clinton
Thankyou Mr President for working to bring jobs back instead of welfare and illegals. Liberals love criminals and tyrants
Nothing you do are try to do under the cloud of Russia will ever pan out. Your traitor like lick ass attitude toward Putin is un-american
We r behind u Mr President
So nice!
