@realDonaldTrump the only thing that's at an all time high is your ego and ignorance. #JustResignAlready
Resign
Carry over from Obama term!!
THANKS OBAMA
Thanks, Obama! BTW, the fucking moron in the WH, .@realDonaldTrump, thinks we'll believe he did it. I know, right?
Only the worst of humanity believes in you.
I guess you should thank Obama since your budget is not in effect yet and the unemployment numbers are still his until this month!
FAKE NEWS
Loving mine right now! Thank you! Hoping for earlier retirement!
Forget about Las Vegas already?
U know it was up on gun manuf stocks? SAD.

Way to go, Mr President!!
THANKS OBAMA!!!!!
Fake news!
THEN WHY DO COMPANIES NEED TAX CUTS if they're doing so f*cking well?
Careful putting to much into the markets rise as an indicator.
Despite your attempts to destroy it.
WHILE THE MEDIA TOLD AMERICANS THAT THE STOCK MARKET WOULD FALL UNDER A TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.....LOL....

Thanks @BarackObama !!!!
Thank you @BarackObama
Tension in the country? All time high!
Oh don't worry your amazing tax cut plan will make sure all that great work will come to a screeching halt. Because the rich need more.
Now that’s fake news
Thank you!
Yeah but I guess we'll never know. So keep living in your snowflake bubble

Resign
परवर दीगिर परमपिता परमेश्वर बंदीछोड सदगुरू रामपालजी महाराज की जय हो सत साहेब जी।।
Thank you President Obama @POTUS44 for the policies you put in place!
Thanks @BarackObama ! You are the ppls champ! See Mr. President. I just did what you couldn't. I gave the credit where it really belongs.
Thanks Obama!
Propaganda - what did Rex call you again?
I told everyone in my internet universe in 2015-Nov 8 that Donald Trump was a genuine, good hearted, highly competent guy!...told ya he was!
Thanks Obama!
#MAGA
Thank you Obama.  All during his fiscal year.  His doing not yours.
GDP hits ALL-TIME high! Debt at lowest level in 16 years! Political and government enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
You missed #MAGA dude... Getting slow at your own game?
Thank you, President Obama, for getting our nation's economy back in shape!
It all started under your predecessor, you know.
Analysis | Nearly half of America doesn't benefit from Dow 22,000


The Trump brand's shrinking power

And growing
When the market goes down (even short term) you'll be blamed.. What's new? You're blamed for  everything. #TrumpsSmarter #TheLibWhoCriedWolf
Truly impressive. I remember February 2016, when liberal friends of mine suggested the Trump economic impact was going to deflate as quickly as Obama‘s August 2011 stock market.
Lie, lie please make yourself smart. Read the actual information intead or listening to a orange bafoon
And YOU had Nothing to do with that. You just like claiming credit that you’ve had no part in. #YOUSTUPIDFUCK
;-)
Thanks Obama!
Obama had 8 years to make a difference and he didn’t- @realDonaldTrump did! #MAGA
Making China great again!!!!
How's that going today?
THANKS, OBAMA!
If for one minute you think that a good economy is going to protect you from Robert Mueller you better think again
Give it another six months. Most those indicators are lagging indicators. That means Obama's policies created them
Exactly, he seems to think Americans are idiots and will be hypnotized the ridiculous claims in his tweets
Unfortunatly some americans are idiots and they do believe every tweet from this ass.
This kind of hate speech  it is what is dividing our country
I love my country, I hate that we can't have civil conversations and agree to disagree-
Where were you when Obama was president. Did you also scold the people like Trump who treated him unfairly?
hi Mr t
All because of #ObamasWave
Keep up the terrific work,  Mr. President. Merry Christmas.
@Freeyourmindkid oh look Eliza worships the draft dodger. Shocking I know.
What is going on?
hi
And you had Zero to do with it. Bullets hit all time high OF killing Ppl to bet you want that to huh POTUS hmmm
You should thank Obama for that.
Moronic deduction! Presidents don’t have anything to do with market fluctuations! Didn’t they teach you that in school? Maybe you were sick.
33k jobs Lost!  1st time in 7 years..Congrats lil Don!  In fact it seems "Golden"  nice Dossier too #Perv #MuellersComingForYou #FakeNews
Well. Lets be clear...it is 33k Democrat's that lost their jobs because of criminal activities.
Remnants from past admin! Fake news trump.
Not Obamas doing. The day Trump won, all the intelligent people made stock go up immediately. Obamas record is dismal,  totally Trumps doing
Trump the drumpf will be defeated come 2018 midterms and will be impeached for violating the constitution and abuse of power. Drumpf is gone
That's what they said last year about his nonexistent chances of winning the election, and look how that played out. Just sayin.
And that kind of "We already have this won" arrogance from the left played a major part in that monkey becoming president.
Great Job President Trump.  Thanks for getting the government out of business way and finally letting them succeed.
Thanks Obama (you haven't done a single thing to affect our economy)
Lol
Name one thing
Everything. From Nov 8th at 9pm going forward. Economy reacted immediately to T being projected as the winner. Never stopped.
"Economy reacted" is completely subjective. We have no way of knowing if it would follow same trajectory w/ HRC. He inherited it.
Stop... Economy was anemic with Obama, crap GDP..  8 yrs.  Nov 9th boom. Coincidence? Please...
Where you a child 2006-201 when US in deep resecession?
Did you miss Stock & Real Estate crash, massive unemployment?
Obama fixed that.
Lol
That's fake news
Well, thank God for Obama! We are still operating under his budget and rules! Be sure to thank him for me for a great job. The bottom drops.
33,000 jobs lost on the 1st report on your watch.  Biggest loss in 7 years.  So much for MAGA, bubba.
stock market helps 1% only, min pay jobs, live in street. US labor laws ,ignored by federal courts, monitor @uscourts @PBSKIDS
Wrrrrrrong on unemployment! I have no job, and it's partially YOUR fault! Your ride on @BarackObama 's wave is ending. Too bad, so sad.
First job losses in 7 years. What say you?
No amnesty,no DACA and build the wall
Such anger. Such division. Let's just all get along! ^^
Better thank Obama for that, not you!

Did you learn how to say Puerto Rico yet?? Tell the people the real truth about Puerto Rico where you did not step out of the airport.
Yeah Right 0.2 percent How Great is that 
#kuch
Obama really did a great job!
Thanks to Obama, it'll take longer for you to ruin the market than it did our reputation.
Thank you @BarackObama !!
In September we lost 33,000 jobs. With your lack of stability, there is nothing positive. You and your cabinet, RESIGN. You're a Mega Swamp!
give credit to President Obama’s work. Do you even know the fiscal year start 10/1/16- 9/30/17?
Just keep doing what your doing!!! Make USA better again!!!! The negative people will always be there!!!!
Great to hear unemployment is coming down. Hope I can return to work in the aerospace industry soon. Out of work for 34 months now.
Thanks Obama!!  
I know Obama did a wonderful job.
I love Trumps tweets. It's like wringing out a rag of liberal tears. Every tweet brings the butthurt sore loser snowflake crybaby response.

Good thing those unemployment numbers are fake, right @realDonaldTrump
@god @jesus @santaclaus @Pontifex @SenateFloor @USHouseNews @CityofHermiston isn't ISIS just the madpbs stealing my ISIS machine for war $
While your approval rating hits an all time low
All results of work done during the Obama presidency.
Thanks Obama!
Yes, THANKS TO BARAK HUSSEIN OBAMA!  You Herr Pussy Grabber in zchief have done exactly and precisely ZIP.......YOU are a joke! Resign!
What do you know SCHMUCK BOY-
YOUR COMPANIES ARE TANKING!
Next up, @IvankaTrump's!
Thanks @BarackObama !  Thank you for turning the 07-08 financial crisis around!
And in September we lost a lot of jobs
Thanks Obama
Thanks President Obama!!
Thanks Obama
Since the year I was in the Ohio city of Cleveland I found out the unemployed and begging signs I'm hungry
Why have you hit all time low?
Fake
More fake news
Thanks Obama!!
We love you Trumpster
Thanks to Obama to steer the  when America was in crisis. Trump pleased that you acknowledge the good work & trying to continue legacy..


Thanks @BarackObama
unlike many followers, I get my news from reliable sources.
Liar I've been u unemployed for a year.
And the labor market loses jobs for the first time since 2010.
You can’t claim this victory, this is all Obama.
Only matters 2 stock owners.. 13% of Americans.
In other news USA #morale at #alltimelow
Unemployment is increasing
FINALLY George  Bush presidency starts to appear!
YAY FOR RICH WHITE PEOPLE.
If corporations are making record profits – they are – then how is it that regulations are strangling corporate activity?
Yo, PT- you obviously do NOT tread softly! But, where is THE big stick? Focus, grasshopper for you have borders to protect! Action>rhetoric



Keep up the good work and forget about political correctness! Many stand with you!
O M G thank you President Obama for MAG
And jobs are DOWN. #Fail
People living in fear by the threat of war, hurricanes killing people due to climate change, mass shooting due to no gun control. Hummmm
Oooops, you forgot about the Sept jobs report!  Net loss of 125k jobs!  Ouch!!!
Fake news.  Sad 
Umm 30,000 job loss for September. U should really stop getting ur facts from fox news.
Special thanks to @BarackObama for making America work again
Thank you President Obama
You have nothing to do with that. You are so dumb.  Nobody likes you. You suck
At the price of everyone hating each other ! Yay! What an achievement !


Love progress you have made! American IT workers still waiting for relief/jobs as work visa misuse steals our livelihoods, exhausts savings.
Than you Obama
THAT IS BECAUSE OF O'BAMA. YOU ONLY TOOK OVER IN FEB.
2. Into the darkness. Things can and will get worse if are not United and praying and calling for the USA to triumph over evil! God Bless 
bull
He just doesn't stop...his arm must be so sore from patting himself on the back. He's unbearable!
so true
Thank you Obama!!
I hope the employment rate does not go up after you lower taxes on the 1%. Have you released your taxes like you promised?
The American People know how much you are trying for them. God Bless You and our Wonderful Country.
Job Growth just declined for 1st time in 7 years.  Your lies are catching up to you.  Now you have LESS than 1/3 of country supporting you.
Slaves ARE doing well then ??
33000 jobs lost ! first time on the negative in 7 years! sign of things to come. is that what you meant by the 'calm before the storm'???
30,000+ jobs lost last month blowhard
Your delusional,  the country is a mess because of you
Haha that's cute. Job growth is stagnant. Looks like you're the only fake news dipwad!
Nobody kills the economy better than trump. 6 bankruptcies do not lie
Thank you President Obama!  We love and miss you.  There is a moron sitting in your chair.
Great job Mr. President
And just what did you do to help economy? 
Thanks Obama , credit where credits due !
All of which are due to policies put in place before your sorry ass was elected.
Still Russia. Steele Dossier.
BananaRepublic Press certainly wouldn't report the truth 
سوق الاسهم يشهد انخفاط متواصل ونسبة البطالة 90%
#ThanksObama
After 83 consecutive months of job growth @realDonaldTrump loses 33K jobs! #MAGA trump=loser #SoCalledPresident
Well this is where the rubber meets the road.
Thank you president Obama! The legacy of the current idiot has begun—job growth declined for the first time in a decade.
Best fact check. Look at numbers of CLOSED BUSINESSES in the PAST EIGHT YEARS. RECORD NUMBERS= LOST JOBS
Seems like Zion to me Donald.

#GodBless
MSM will never bring to forefront. Still on Trump derrangement syndrome.
Meanwhile your approval rating hits an ALL-TIME low!!  Only 32% approval rating right now.  #Resign
.@realDonaldTrump Your Assholiness, you need to turn the chart right-side up.  Worst jobs numbers in 7 years.

Absolutely. Read through @unseen1_unseen timeline. He has a WINNING list pinned at the top. All Accomplishments of potus. Definitely a good follow. The best was letting the military have a free hand in executing our objectives overseas. #maga
Yes all boats are lifted. Or during Barry's Reign of Terror: All boats are sunk. #maga
Hope no one son em
Liar
You've taken away from the poor to give to the rich you have got us at such a high deficit higher than Obama you are the worst president
