If I were running for office and you endorsed me I'd sue you.
That's just funny! ;-)
Thanks, even though this thing is so horrible I know he hates ridicule most of all so I try to ridicule him at least once a day.
Keep it up Doris, looks like you've been busy today. Some days we just need to vent and this avenue is certainly better than kicking the dog
Just a bad week, had to say goodbye to my Boxer Sadie, she was 14 and I'm going to miss her so much. Being sad makes me do mean tweets.
I am very sorry, loosing furry family is always extreamly tuff. Just be thankful they got to spend their time in a loving environment.
Thanks, she was my husband's dog, she worshiped him. He died a year and a half ago and she never was the same again. She was a good girl.
But he lost because people don’t like you.

Here you go...use this to make that wall....
Time to deport middle aged white terrorist
Jon. Strange is going to lose.  Which is good. Fyi
Look at the date.  #maga sorry mr trump someone. Not listing. To us
#Winning
Trump, you are committing political suicide if you let DECA go thru, please don't do this. Also why Strange? Come on!
We're going to win em all!
No you're not taking down our National monuments take your selective outrage & find a safe space!
The confederacy is a vanquished nation , it no longer belongs on the national stage!!!!
Maybe D Trump could build a wall of crime?
You are an amazing man and America is so blessed to have you turning our Country around!


Can't wait to see what WaPo has on you - why else would you go after amazon this morning?
#PresidentProfitteer #FakeLeadership


I'm curious Donald. When you're jerking yourself off to boost your own ego, do you finish on the chest or into a Kleenex?
Picked up the Neo-Nazi and White Supremacist votes did he? Good for him. Just had to sell his soul. #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45 #shame #sad
Lol what s next for the left . first Russia now Nazis. Next he will be a Easter Bunny hater.
The only division that needs to happen on this country is diving him from the oval office 
That's weird, I don't remember Alabama sharing a border with Mexico.
Racist
LMAO! You spin shit like nobody else. Tell me how Confederacy won the Civil War & how white nationalist are 'taking their country back'. PLS
I hear you just promoted your "comfort woman," as any Dear Leader would.

GET OFF TWITTER
Yes, me me me me me! It's because of you! You are great! Btw, your wall will NEVER be built! #25thAmendment #TrumpRussia #FakePresident 
Dear Racist So-Called President,
When you are sitting behind bars, we will all laugh at your stupid tweets.
Is the stress of the Mueller Investigation making an already insane & bigoted man become even more crazy and racist?  I think so!
It looks like your Racist Rant was all another diversion tactic.  How's that subpoena look on your desk?
The best part is that the Grand Jury investigations are in Virginia and Washinton DC - both major african american areas!  Revenge will come
It will be fantastic to watch as a mostly African American Jury gets to vote on your guilt, and ultimately send you away for life!
Karma, it's only going to be a Bitch to you!  Karma will be America's saving grace!
#ImpeachTrump #SanctionTrumpProperties
#weaktrump
Still would Prefer Judge Roy Moore, Sir.  Luther Strange seems to be too aligned w/ @SenateMajLdr & the Establishment. IMHO.
Wow!
You suck.
Swamp! Vote against him!
He got all of your white supremacist friends
What are you strong on? Oh, yeah, supporting Nazis.
You and your entire republican party are a bunch of misfits and don't deserve any respect.  GTMFHAST!
You need to be impeached asap
Here you go!
Sexual Assault Women 
Make Fun of Handicapped
Attack Gold Star Family 
Flirt with Nuclear War 
Defend Nazis
Insult Jesus  __
