I call bullshit!

.@realDonaldTrump Did you really Read this table?  As of Feb 17th country headed on the Wrong Track 51%!!  Can you read a table?
YOU ARE SO FULL OF YOURSELF!
I'm sorry, so if u like the polls they're real and if u don't like them they're fake? So u ARE a 5yo trapped in an orange loser suit.
Did you even look at this poll? Your worst ratings ever. Dems score low b/c you're not impeached yet.
old donny just sees the things he wants to see. Impeachment will come. Sooner would be nice.

GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:https://www.scribd.com/document/340335355/17057-NBCWSJ-February-Poll …...
You've called these two news outlets fake news - so you are lying?
lmao good one.
Republicans are endorsing sex traffickers & Trump is accused of abusing dozens of women!


TREASON BY A SITTING POTUS WTF HAS HAPPENED TO AMERICA..LOCK HIM UP NOW FOR TREASON N STUPIDITY
Of course, Trump is reminding us who we really are as American's
how old are you 10?
Did you see these numbers @realDonaldTrump? I'm thinking that the "Trump Era" will be short lived. 
Liar
have you seen it lately?
You rock, don't let the haters get you down.  #savior
So how long have you supported kitty grabbing, child predator supporting, daughter lusting serial adulterers...or is Trump your first?#saveyourself
@MyBobs just tried to deliver a USED BED to my house!Like I was too stupid to realize it!Buyer beware!
We're so sorry that things didn't go as expected today. Is it too late to give you a call? We want to help.
They called. They apologized for screwing me over. Said there's nothing she can do about it. Buyers beware. They're disreputable.
Give them the chance, and they'll feel bad about screwing you over... Really, they will!
And you not so much. (You're polling lower than Obama at his lowest. People think you're worse than Obama at his worst.)
Putin's puppet Stop stealing from the US.
Gang of Pirates steal faster than Dems. Bankrupt US and defect to USSR dirty President Putin's puppet
hi
ain't it grand? the only polls you pay attention to happen to cater to your alternative delusions of grandeur.
Quoting polls from fake news NYT/WSJ do not help you. Either trust them as real or reveal them as fake. Can't be both.
All Democrats go to blazers working man and people in Uniform come first not your dam pocket!!!!
vote out all Democrats they won't help our working man and our men in Uniform
Its opnly been 50 days! Wait till after 100 !!!!!
Didn't you call NBC and WSJ 'fake news'? Now you believe in them?  You are so full of crap.
Listen to your daughter on EPA good job keep it up
Taking
Republicans 
Up
More
Polls
Thank you for saving America people just don't know Truly Heaven sent you are
go ahead and let Obama care go to seed. Obama care has hurt my wife. Small town does not accept ACA.
Banner hospital lied to us said we were good ,provided service. Then came back with a 800.00 bill
said ACA was not good here. They also charged us all year. Monthly payment done in good faith.
Obama care has done nothing for us except steal money from us. ACA is useless and a sham
I'm a Disabled Vet LIVING ON SSD and I have to pay her health coverage
Always about the #Polls and never about the #People. @potus has no concept of what it means to be Pres
U told us NBC/WSJ were FAKE NEWS.  So their polls must be FAKE too. Please don't cite FAKE NEWS sources.
FAKE NEWS
hijo de
P
U
T
A
Same poll shows rising trend of ppl who think you and Putin have an inappropriate relationship. (Page 20)
FAKE NEWS!!!
Did you give them the RNC phone list?
.@realDonaldTrump Not for long given the RINOCare bill you are advocating. #RepealNotReplace
#NoBaitAndSwitch
#KeepCampaignPromises
@TrumpLaney @HotlineJosh @Scribd Diim party is dead #10moreRsenators2018
Now sweetie, our dear old Republican man, let us not promote Fake News. Yes? Everybody's uncle Fool.
That is a sad commentary on how low the bar is set for so many GOP to gush over trump.
Trumps very own poll!  hahahahaha
the best thing that ever happened to the United States of America
thank God for Donald Trump
Curious- do you eat shit three meals a day? How else could you spew so much of it?
I don't believe in polls, except the few that are favorable to me
trump era? #godhelpusall
oh please! Everyone knows that's not true! GOP is screwed because of you.
How weird. .. I view GOP as bats hit crazy now as before I just thought nut jobs.
Fabricated skewed data
Trump Era???!!!!!, LOL
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP FOR SAVING WESTERN CIVILIZATION
I THINKS HIS KILLING IT. SIT DOWN DEMS
more FAKE NEWS...
Use that great brain of yours!  A greater number viewed the GOP UNfavorably than they did the Dems (60 vs 58).
I think you mean Trump error #Twitterbird
FAKE NEWS!!
 you rock, keep up all the great work and don't let the haters get your down!!.
Ya but you came in last for your useless speech, ha,ha. Loser. Obama beats you at pretty much everything, bet you hate it.
DEMS R #FASCISTS!
Get the ACA repealed and form hugh insurance groups across state lines to allow for very low premiums.
2/3's of the country left to undo traitor trump.
TRUMP......YOU ARE DELUSIONAL.  TRUMP ERA = IMPEACHMENT ERA.  WAIT FOR IT
Fake news!
probably because Americans are drinking more since you were elected
Another LIE.
Sir- I know you like polls-Question- have you ever read US Constitution-its 4 pgs
fake news
Sheesh, you are a hot mess, oh orange one. Surely you'll implode soon, just don't get orange goo all over the Oval Office!
FAKE NEWS
Seriously? That is your take away from all of that disapproval of you and yours?  Really?
Don't you consider NBC to be do called "fake news"? #PresidentPOS
Did you actually read this poll? Did someone tell you that's what these numbers mean? Fire that person.
this is great. I love the way you tear the country apart. Let's make America Segregated again! 
You mean trumps 2 months??

MY KID CAN TYPE UP A PAPER LIKE THIS! FAKE FAKE FAKE FAKE! YOUR PRESIDENCY.....YES...F A K E !!!!
By your logic, aren't you FAKE NEWS for failing to note that you have a 44% approval rating in this same poll?
@den_peters_ogde @HotlineJosh @Scribd

Doing your best to bury historic lows of confidence in the Prez, eh.. good job!?..
.... you're delusional
More people view you as "VERY NEGATIVE." More people say the country is headed on the "WRONG TRACK." Did you MISS THAT?
Forgot to mention they are also viewed least favorably as well..and only more favorably by 1%, jackass
Fake news, buddy. Fake news.
Same poll said 51% believe we are headed in the wrong direction. #fineprint #firstquestion
by whom. Aliens
do not miss any chance to insult another person. It is what you do best.
not hardly
they called 35 people. Population of U.S. 319 mil. Explains a lot.
Big boost for GIANT HEAD (ego maniac). Positive polls are allways right, and negative polls allways wrong.
Apparently you didn't read the whole report!
You sure can lie ,like a pro . I'll give you that !
do you want a fucking cookie? Do some fucking work, it isn't even 5:00pm.
fake news remember
sounds like false news or alternative facts.
I'm sure that's just FAKE NEWS too, though. Right, Mr President?  SMH
definitely with you as our President
And yet 51% of respondents from same poll say you're headed off on the wrong track...
more than half the country hates you. <45℅ approval rating
That's one of those FAKE NEWS organizations you claimed were an enemy of the American people.  Can't have it both ways!
GOD!!DO U EVER WORK??NO OTHER 'PRES' FLAMED OWN PRESS!!They knew it'd make them seem needy & unconfident.DONE!
doubtful , Republicans make up a small portion of the population
I thought all negative polls were fake news...
I thought you said NBC/WSJ and the like were fake news? Make up your mind.
Hardly. Trustworthy poll I'm sure.
JUST you & others f/ OUTSIDE swamp viewed favorably. BOTH parties still suck. It's why you won. @HotlineJosh @Scribd
hahaha that's not a thing. Hahaha #russiagate #idiotinchief
alternative fact
delusional. Majority of Americans voted for someone else.
In one poll after your smoke + mirrors show. Mark my words: won't last. Also PLEASE:
that's hilarious. Lowest approval rating in history of presidents at this point in time. Wake up and resign
Alternative facts. Lies.
Polls are fake news you said a few times did you not?
You and Reps should carefully look at Q 24 through Q26 about ACA and how citizens feel about it!
See Page 13 Q17 -People would rather have Dem Party set policy than you or Rep Party!!
Not sure where you got that - Rep net approval is -28, while Dem net approval is -27 (page 5, Q 8a and Q 8b)!!
I am still vry skeptical of Republs to fight for America rather than the self interest of poly-elites
please stop tweeting
but don't you call them fake news? Must be fake
lol...you came in with the lowest approval rating ever...and it is still falling. MORE people hate you.
.@realDonaldTrump Looks like more people believe GOP is doing a bad job in Congress than Dems. Thanks for bringing attention to it.
and we know this because....
NBC/WSJ... isn't that FAKE NEWS????
fake polls!!
you can t read right,this said unfavorable
lol in Trump dreams, probably wet ones at that, pls excuse but I just can't help it
bad link Donny... bad president too...
Play your hand now, give President Vladimir Putin and Russia a chance.Bettr tourism than EU.BELIEVE ME
Haha,so now the press is not FAKE NEWS. Can't have it both ways. Whatever suits you, right? DELUSIONAL
so when a poll shows something you find favorable, its not fake news?! Isnt NBC fake news? Confused...
#all FAKE NEWS, scribed and released by TRAITOR TRUMP!!!
wrong will vote against you
you all are so delusional.
Russian TRATIOR where is our investigation
Had to hunt hard to find this supposed poll.  Who'd  you ask?  All those in mental institutions?
Oh really  - u mean the "fake news'? U cant have it both ways. BTW - 6 weeks does not an era make.
hey impress me just resign
shut up
hate to break the news....no one likes you
We have no choice! America is stuck with you, so you better produce & keep your promise!We are tired with lies
