And this was probably edited down by her editors ! 
I'm trying to raise money for cancer patients last wish and for meds and transportation and food and rent and other things that Medicare won't pay for so please help me raise money or at least share this post most SSI will pay is 735 no one can live on that
Awe yesssss
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://twitter.com/i/moments/870659074815393795 …...
You would think that at some point the light would come on and they wud think look at them and look at me, how are they helping me?
Islam's has put a bad Vibe on American Folk's and we're tired of it and going to do something about it off with head of snake
Amen and God bless America God is in control...
This can't be a Victoria's Secret model
For that to be true you gotta #resignnow
Like before you where in office

Mr P, just let me buy into gov employees group ins, who we hire. I could then choose btwn my fed, st, county and city plans. That's all.
Malarkey
Tock...
We are great and hope we can keep it up
Yea,....get a president with half a brain. Fake President!
#AmericaWasAlwaysGreat
We don't see the true Donald Trump!! the media makes sure of this, and are only interested in his destruction!! " false is the ordinary2day
Who's going to save America from you.
If these allegations against #trump are real, why in hell is he the #POTUS? He should be sitting in prison
Nope. But you are doing your best to destroy the world.
Nuke north Korea
"America " WAS great- until your papa, (I refer to him as the "Assatola")- took office

What a JOKE
To bad we already made you president then huh.
Ytk: kaymii14 MSP :)
.
You can do no wrong Bkny.ayran forget to brush Kshvrt.vgrnh Maybe there's still got power
Jdkjxbxjhxpks omxhojj
God has put you here; you saved us! If God is for you, none can stand against you!
D
good luck
Too bad you moved your family to washington. They shouldnt unpack
Great, when will you be leaving this country?
Only if you get kicked out, will America be great again
I saw a magnetic sign on a truck the other day. Said the same thing but impeach trump after it
Please Mr President, fire Mueller. Nothing
Nothing good can come for you from Mueller, he’s a snake.
When???
..and put us on a path of responsible response to climate change. Not that you would care.
M
A
K
E

A
M
E
R
I
C
A

G
A
Y

A
G
A
I
N
Make America hate again miss trump
ترامب سلام عليك ي شجاع
Get out of our WH-that, is how you make America "Great Again."
Please shut down Mueller. He will try to nail you to the cross.
Was that from Obama's photo file????
Firing Mueller would be the straw that broke the camel's back. Mueller has many friends on the hill, Trump has none. Should not rule by fear
Let's Make America Great Again!!! I'm with you all the way Donald Trump!....Love Cmyrna2017
You should ask yourself what lincoln would do.
Small small crowd

maybe in 4 years.
Again, by impeaching @realDonaldTrump !!
Clearly, you never actually read the accord. NONE of what you flapped your gums about was actually true. But your gullible base ate it up.
Unfortunate Comey has already confused what you done to him. I heard the very bad news. Hope you are fighting for a job as the President.
Do whatever you need to do to get our country sorted out, bring back jobs, drain that deep wide swamp, and build that big beautiful wall !!!
Comey is sneaky n leaky and needs to take quee-z for what ails him. Director of FBI to be so nervous, doesn't need that position.Disgusting

Hoffentlich redet Trump nicht nur, sondern tut auch was. An ihren Taten sollt ihr sie erkennen !
#makeamericagreatagain #ImpeachTrumpNOW
I've got an idea. Let's not post any negative comments by the morons on the left. They're brain dead or on drugs or both.
If the democrats keep blocking the presidents agenda, I'm afraid the voters will uprise because of waste of our taxpayer money.
the way you can make america great again is to be kicked out of office and tried and convicted of treason
Good Job Mr President. I respectfully request tuition relief for kids of LEO nationwide
thank you for your, unwavering determination and, I am a tax paying citizen who completely supports you
So far the idiot has failed big time he's incapable of making anything great biggest screw-up of all time
#Warren2020
Yes make America great again, get out of office!
Great....when exactly? During segregation? During the numerous decades where every minority group experienced discrimination? Slavery? When?
I really don't think anyone has much on you either way. Career politicians calling a business man a liar,who do they think they 're kidding
This is an outright lie and there is plenty of evidence that thousands of jobs would be created by keeping the agreement. You disgust me.
I can't wait to see Hillary in prison.and Obama prosecuted for lier conserning birth place
Mr president we have 2 big enemis inside and outside.COMUNISM AND MUSLIM.
Me. President, you are making it great again!! Thank you!!
You truly lack a basic understanding of the agreement and what it entails. SAD.
@POTUS This decision is great for Germany which will lead the Climate and green renewable energy industries with CN and FR
all these ppl are photoshopped
because you will can screaming, lying as much as you want, no one will hear you. This way, Earth world will be much better off without  you.
Maybe we should send you to Mars? Planet very inhospitable and where life and vegetation not exist, I think you will be well...
Mr. Trump, if you truly want to something, propose term limits. Allow the people to vote on it. That should help drain the swamp.
no u
Great call!!! Keep up the good work for America!!!
Our God is very great...We must protect the nature with or without COP21
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain and start impeachment hearing!
frankcy cyamala# african leaders must draw this exemple for their countries
For Oligarchs!

Lügner
Ok. Uta Donnie you then have to go. Because we are going to need a leader.
You say ,make america great again . 
When you will do that, 
Leave America and go to Mexica to wat a few Tacos.
America won't be great again til the hate stops.
