Wow. What's next? Forming an Extremist Deradicalization unit in cooperation with Iran? Partnering w/ North Korea on anti-proliferation?
We can only hope that someone just hacked your twitter account & it wasn't you who just said this. G18 leaders are quickly writing us off.

Oh my Jesus Christ it was Putin who did the hacking you absolute joke of a president. Long way back for America if the people don't stop u
So basically you asked the fox to help you guard the chickens.  No, that wont snd badly.   Wile E Coyote could come up with a better plan.
Sure, because we can certainly trust the Russians. After all, they say nice things about you...
Wait you want Russian hacking of our power grids and our elections "guarded"?!! So they can help you win another election? Not happening.

Why do you want to guard negative things?
Putin!!!! are sure Mr. president...that's stupidest idea I ever heard..funny TRUMPY...hahhha!!!
TROLL ALERT!
Now your just saying sh-t to sound stupid, right? I mean please tell me you're not that dumb......please!
That's like the exact plot of "Spectre"
Just let the Russians delevop the software, everything will be fine. lol
No one believes a word you say #IMPEACHDONALDTRUMP
You are either a complete dolt or a traitor.  Which is it, Mr. #FakePresident?  I guess it could be both.
Lol that'll work. Dumb and dumber on the case
"Many other negative things"  Could you be move specific.  You tend to be a little vague at times. #negativethings
"one" single unit?!?!?! You're going to just open up & hand over our cyber security to Putin?!?!? ......
God bless America and the president
This is the same as discussing gun control with the NRA. With setting up an anti-discrimination club with the KKK. How fucking ignorant.
You are a gullible fool feeding right into Putin's palm. #SundayMorning
Russia threatens our democracy & you just take his word for it? I've never been more embarrassed for how weak or ignorant the US looks.
Remember this???  tRump is a fool. Sad.
and who are the 44 thousand that liked this tweet?
Why not put @JulianAssange in charge of it? He's trusted by the public and has the CIA's best stuff anyway https://wikileaks.org/ciav7p1/ 
You're just assuming the Russians want to staff this thing with FSB personnel.
Dude . . . Dude. Come on.
That tweet says you'll make sure Russia will be able to safely hack elections in the future.
Well done.
Do you even read what you're tweeting????
Oh Donnie, this isn't funny. You don't invite the guy who robbed you inside to install ur new security system. #25thAmendment #ImpeachTrump
Don't think talking with him about USA security issues is putting America First! Treason! Your loose lips sink ships!
Hope this includes all foreign countries as Americans our financial and medical databases have been hacked during last 8 years.
Yikes! You join forces with those who cyber attacked us and think this is a good thing. Just hand our country over to them. Oh, yeah...done.
I got one! I got one!
It's like forming an alliance with the cartel, to produce pharmaceuticals!
Diversion. Distraction. #FakeNews
OMG
@th3j35t3r what could possibly go wrong?
Nothing like teaming up with the fox to "guard" the hen house
I think you're a lot of things but naive wasn't one. Guess I was wrong. Sad!
"Things" is vague and ambiguous...
This aged well.
Impenetrable!
Impenetrable you say? Challenge accepted.
The second Dumb President of the Free World
How fucking stupid are you? I thought you were stupid before but god damn this is an entirely new fucking level. Russia already hacked into
multiple election related systems, as my former agency the NSA has told you along with the rest of the intel community you insist on
Yes, because the agencies got to spend so much time analyzing the hack on the DNC server. Oh, wait...
Way more than just the DNC got hacked....
Sure.
I'm sure you base your views off evidence and experience in the intelligence field not bullshit you are spoon fed by those who deny reality?
Who put the bug up your ass? I'm not in the mood to get into it with a smart ass Alt.
I didn't start it by denying evidence and reality, you did I'm merely responding.
He also sent in his deposit so the Nigerian Prince can send him his winnings

No words 
Traitor.
No Putin or his unit near our infrastructure or voting. No, no, no.

Putin promised you a hack free zone?
You've done an EXCELLENT job of guarding the "negative things." Now, maybe you could focus on guarding the positive things. Like...election security, for instance.
AKA "Putin told me how he rigs his elections so he wins bigly, and he's going to set that up for me."
I’m sure he said “don’t worry Mr President, I’ll take care of it” 
Henhouse, meet fox.
Yeah sure you are!! He already sold our Country down the river. Just so he can build in RUSSIA!! Make more money off of RUSSIA!!  tRump's the TRAITOR!! 
Also has a CROOKED CRIMINAL FAMILY TOO!! This is how I see him & his family in Future!!!!!
Yeah sure you are!! He already sold our Country down the river. Just so he can build in RUSSIA!! Make more money off of RUSSIA!!  tRump's the TRAITOR!! 
Also has a CROOKED CRIMINAL FAMILY TOO!! This is how I see him & his family in Future!!!!!
hahahhahahhahahhaahaahaha and lololollolololllllllllllllllllll
WTF???
One of your best public ass-Kissings so far.
Such a sickening idea.
Any progress? @PressSec  @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Can’t anyone hear them screaming for help? Russia IS BLACKMAILING TRUMP & GOP. They are doing all they can to prove it, to show us they need help. They don’t really want to destroy America; @FBI @CIA please send help. They’re obviously scared. Nerve gas in UK was a reminder.
PLAIN AND SIMPLE PRESIDENT TRUMP....PUTIN ALREADY HACKED US TO MAKE YOU PRESIDENT SO GO HACK RUSSIA'S COMPUTERS TO THROW PUTIN OUT!  DO US THAT FAVOR ....HEY, I  HEARD PUTIN HAS BEEN THINKING ABOUT VISITING ALL MCDONALD'S TO GIVE YOU A POISON BURGER
NO MORE CATCH AND RELEASE AND ILLEGALS VOTING WILL BE PROSECUTED AND DEPORTED !   MAGA
#PaperBallotsNow #PaperBallotsNow #PaperBallotsNow #PaperballetsNow  Do you really think anything you come up with in connection with Russia would be accepted by the American people?  #trumpisdelusional
How is this going?
Same question^^
It's a way for Putin to get all the information he wants about this country and it's people.
Seems he's already got it.
Like your treason.....
Geez US. And you gave him the keys to the vault? #InmatesRunningAsylum
Not US. Trump. Trump did this. #HelpUs
Yeah what about those sanctions now?why haven’t u imposed them? #TreasonousTrump
I guess this is the part where we say "Whoopsie!"
Can you believe this POS?
Whenever trump says "things," it's so obviously a stand-in for "stuff I forgot/didn't understand."
No it’s a stand in for “things I don’t want to say”
You know, reading this again I realize that the way Trump has worded this he is saying he wants hacking and negative things guarded, not guarded against.
EXACTLY!
You should resign already...No place for you and your family in our democracy..
I bet you did discuss it -- more importantly, how to make sure such a unit is never formed.  Resign.  You're a disgrace to the office.
This beauty has aged particularly well.
#BradParscale   Texas Company + Trump Associate + "Trump Campaign Digital Director" + worked w/Trump since 2012 + #13Indictments statement + #Mueller = #BradParscale Persons known or unknown to Grand Jury. #BradParscale
The known ones have the last name trump and kushner. Unknown are Russians and republicans.
Trump met with Putin: “Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded.”

Do you and your staff even read these replies?  If you did you would see we are not happy.
Hey Dumb Don, ever noticed that your Twitter is tiny in comparison to Obama’s ? #SmallHandsMeansSmallTwitter
How’s this working out?
Gee, looks like you spelled "guided" wrong, you treasonous wretch.
Mr President...Given today’s indictments are you rethinking this now or will you go ahead? Just wondering. 

Hugs & Kisses, 
America
Russia promised u the White House in return  Trump will left the sanctions. Just admit it America might forgive u
Putin threatens the free world with advanced nuclear weapons and it's crickets from #DonTheCon. #Seychelles #RussianHacking #RussiaGate #MuellerInvestigation #NeverTrump
So you will hack
OMG, can't stop laughing.   How stupid do you think people are to believe not one but 2 narcassistic oinkers.
This encapsulates just how compromised Donald Trump is, the "Puppet" of Russian Dictator Vladimir Putin.

#ImpeachTrump #LockTrumpUp 
#Mueller
#POSnotPOTUS
Trump: I discussed with a mobster a plan to jeopardize my Intelligence Community.
The depths of your stupidity are astounding. Go eat another cheeseburger! #RussianCollusion

When do your lies stop?
Holy Christ! Seriously?
Hahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Who the hell do U think UR kidding? U never have anything but evil plans & U know it! UR naive supporters R 2 deluded 2 see it, but WE do.
Doesnt even know how stupid he is
Robert Mueller charges 13 Russians with election interference. Somehow the person that benefited from this election feel that it's in the Americas best interest to go to bed with Putin .. I smell fear .. first u.s. president to die in prison due to treason.
You proposed providing aid and comfort to our enemies. That is treason. #Muellertime #ComeyGate
You’re an idiot!! Ever heard the term “Fox watching the hen house”? You’re a fool!! Mouth moves before the tiny little boy brain engages...
How is that Trump/Russia cyber unit working out? When will you finally implement the Russian sanctions? That's right, you won't because that was part of the deal. If elected, you would not allow sanctions against Russia.
#ReleasetheDemMemo
?? Smart move??  !!! ???
You have got to be kidding me. #TrumpRussia #TrumpCrimeFamily #MoneyLaundering #clown
Good. China needs to stop hacking us and Russia all the fucking time.
So let’s have the Fox guard the hen house?
This aged well.
What?
LIAR! 
HOW DOES THAT FEEL???
Oh boy, coming from a man who has no idea concerning technology.  You still think a server is the person who gives you your 2 scoops
Ha ha good one he is happy with his two scoops!
Lol  i'm sure the Russians would be very helpful in that matter
@realDonaldTrump TREASON WEASEL you are goin downhill faster than Chloe Kim 
How many times did you have to backspace to get the spelling right on "impenetrable?" Just a ballpark...
Bwahahahahaha.
Of course you did. Campaign contribution from Putin for 2020.

You’re literally the worst president ever.
 
Idiot
Then why haven’t you addressed this with Congress? Lies are piling up, walls closing in. I’m rejoicing.
Who's gonna be the Dominant One....lol
Again LMAO!
Collusion
@POTUS Are you kidding?
You will be guarded. We will be screwed. Never. Will. We. The. People. Allow. This. To. Happen. Russia hacked our election and saddled us with you. You will be gone soon. Impeached. Jailed. But a warning to future generations to pay attention.
Yup you are definitely working for Putin. What is he giving you?
This must have been another presidential joke. No?
Thank goodness-finally a solution to election hacking!  So many children have died from this....
I will assume that Russians will be placed on your list of bad hombres to be banned from the US? Of course, right?
We even shared passwords....

I’d talked to cyber security professionals in my own country. Just sayin’.
Either Trump is the biggest Moron of all time in the history of the world  
...or he knew 

...or probably both 

#PutinsPuppet 
#13Russians 
#RussianCyberWarOnUSA
How are those discussions with Putin going, you traitorous fuck?
I just noticed that he tweeted this last July! He should have been nailed then. 
#TheResistance
Looks like you already had a cyber deal going as candidate Trump. T is an embarrassment resign already
This is holding up well.
Don’t remember the Trojan horse, eh?
Brilliant idea.  Brilliant.  Who thought of it first?  Let me guess...
I still can’t believe people actually voted for this traitor for president.
Wait .... remember this ? cc @PhillyD
Great, while you're at it why not share the nuclear codes with him.
This aged well.
With the Enemy? 

#YouAreBrainDead 
#TalkToUSBob
Impenetrable...except by you and Russia, right?
As you won't release your taxes, possibly because you have something to hide, will you show us your prenup with Melania? Wondering why she hasn't roasted you yet. Love always
Remember this one Donnie.  Hah.
And another reason that you are the dimmest bulb in the Presidential fraternity. But clearly you are the only Traitor in that group!
I am sure the unit will be up and running very shortly
That picture would Jesus and the little boy in the red consider that my father my youngest son. But Donald Trump you're also a son.
Can we discuss? #How I AM more than you *Being* a man? Please, sir? You #Will die without acknowledging #People #Worthy.
Stupid children. Why not build forts in Putin's living room and pretend the floor is hot lava?
@RodneyDavis so are you guys going to do anything about this mess?
Unbelievable I F.... heard it all ,you new Russia did this all along and still keeping Putin up to date with all the info you can give him
How much crap will telling Trump what I think of him get me in ????
Guarded by who, Russia?
Neither of you are to be trusted. #ResignNow #TrumpTreason #MuellerIsComingForYou
Guarded closely, to make sure they keep you in power.
I know this is difficult for you. Why not use "you're" next time?
Traitor.
Do we really need Russia watching over our elections? Seems they voted more than their share in 2016. Why would you open the US to more interference from Russia? Please cut the cord now!! I promise it will only hurt for a second.
Many other negative things... Such as?
Wow. Great plan.
Just how stupid are you donnie? #IllegitimatePOTUS
Extremely Stupid! And you can’t cure stupid! He deplores anyone or anything that doesn’t agree with him, like his supporters, thus the true meaning of deplorables
You are a travesty to the United States & the rest of the world Why don't you just hand over the black bag & nuke codes because you have already revealed top secrets information to Russia
Yeah we the people and meuller see how u talked to Putin forming a cyber warfare against the USA.shame on u . meuller is coming for you .
Once KGB, always KGB...either you're so fucking stupid or you're in too deep. My vote is you're both.
Where can we get more coffee mugs
