The Democrats hate the USA, and anything bad for USA is good for them.  That's how they can live with themselves.
Guess you missed his 75th golf outing since becoming #POTUS.  Start paying attention instead of buying into the divisive crap he throws our
#Morontrump surrounds himself with morons & thieves & follows policies he doesn’t understand #ImpeachTrump
Remember when Obama had rapper Common, visit him at the White House? How about Bill Ayers?
还是川普
Art Laffer is a Reagan economist who also supported Trickle down economics. Might as well be called piss on the middle class and poor plan.
Voodoo economics that’s why didn’t work won’t work now
This is not reform and it does nothing for the middle class, it only helps the wealthy, so yeah, democrats can live with themselves.
NO ONE WITH AN I.Q. ABOVE 70 LISTENS TO ANYTHING ON FOX  FAKE NEWS.
I don't know how you can do anything you do and live with yourself. You're a selfish narcissist and don't care about anyone but yourself.
Also, I think it would be easy to vote against a bill that will decrease gov revenue by a fucking lot.
How can you n your WH  LIVE with yourself you have ruin all their reputations n you are a freaking LOSER
@kellyz713 @Merlin333 @TruthEqualsFact @amjoyshow @EJLandwehr @MooPersists @JimONeilPOV @sparkgold68 @jcelibert66 @activist360 @funder
You failed again.
It's the biggest tax cut for the super wealthy. The rest of us are here wondering how are you planning on having a balanced budget?
How do you live with yourself..Calling the soldier's widow a liar..
I don’t know how any American could have voted for you and sleep at night.
Because he works for faux newspeak fraudcasting, the mouthpiece of the republican parties propaganda department
You're a liar
#badchicken
I certainly know how you and your buddies can vote for your tax reform.  It will benefit you and them, of course, making you more wealthy!
Resign now then delete your account, dotard.
You mean the completely discredited economist Art Laffer, who's Laffer curve turned out to be BS, that Art Laffer? Not a serious party 
The same Art Laffer who's been debunked by every reasonable economist on Earth?  #FlatEarthEconomics
Art Laffer is the idiot who created supply side trickle down economics which has been a proven failure
Because the tax cut is only for your billionaire friends and the uneducated that believe every word you say
I don't know how US citizens voted for you can live with themselves. LOL
Fy
LOL, you don't matter....
Art Laffer is either very rich or very dumb
Let's start protesting like they do and quit being pacifist....they are crooks and traitors to the USA! #uranium #145mil
Obstruction was Republicans middle name when BO was President! You own all 3 branches of Gov. no one is obstructing, your bills just SUCK
You’re delusional if you think any of us buy this tax cut could potentially help anyone except the rich.
I still don't know how a real American could vote for you
Tom you're perfect example of why we need Common Sense gun laws, to keep guns out of the hands of mentally Disturbed like yourself,

Can't wait for the day you lose your phone. Then we won't be bothered by your unpresidential behavior. #Trumpfail
Americans will speak volumes at the voting booth if Dems vote ‘No’! It truly will be obstruction as we need independent thinkers in DC!
I do & I demand my Congressional Representatives oppose your ridiculous self pandering tax cuts!
That big tax cut is for you, dummy.
DEMS hate God-Men-Marriage-Children-Family-America-Victims of Crime-Morals-Hard Work-Sobriety-Savers-Property-Capitalism-Pivatization-etc
Bullshit ! Fake news
Flake was awesome today! And Corker speaks to truth!McCain is a hero!And they all call out a moron to be a moron when given the mic!
Dems have no soul Sir.
Wish I could shake your hand you are a blessing to this great nation. God bless you and your family. #MAGA. #TRUMP 2020.
CNN is officially a hate Trump Soap Opera they are not professional journalists. When is @FCC going to change CNN status to Soap Opera?
Probably the same way you take health insurance away from millions and live with yourself.
Easily. You & your crooked crowd don't need a tax break. The working class does. Release your tax return. What are you hiding?
Laffer may be the most discredited economist in history, so he's perfect for you & the GOP. #PatheticPOTUS #ShutTheHellUp #DoYourJob
must be discredited per his deeds - #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA reveal that Donald Trump is Bait And Switch - #NeverTrump
RT @realDonaldTrump #WeThePeople #TaxPlan req. changes: Ind & Sm Bus Flat Tax 10% (keep all deductions); Corp. Flat Tax 15% (No Deductions).
Thank you President Trump for taking this mess on. You have my support today, tomorrow and the rest of your tender. God Bless you!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
#ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
Liar liar liar liar liar jerk liar liar liar liar crook liar liar liar rapist liar
I don't know how they live with themselves wanting 2 transform America & disregard our Constitution & Declaration.Leftists R commies
oh, poor bloated @POTUS thinks the @FoxNews positive coverage means they won't turn on him when @GOP is forced to impeach.
@shitzuetrainer @FoxNews because DirtyDems r not for what is good for the people if they don't pocket $$.Term Limits now
Who the fuck is Art Laffer?
You're an incompetent joke. #resign45
Quit the bullshit we know this tax reform is to give your billionaire buddies huge tax cuts! And screw over the middle/poor.
#TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver - how can you live with yourself? Follow the money and the lies.
Get Jeff Sessions off his ass and investigate clintons, obama, holder, Rosenstien, McCabe, Comey & Mueller #uraniumone
He's right or at least has a good point there
What is an art Laffer and why should I care. I think you're useless and doing your personal best to destroy America.  Which opinion matters?
I wish you couldn't live with yourself. But alas, you shall not go gentle into that good night. But you will go...eventually
Speaking of taxes?  Where are yours?  Still waiting!
Art Laugher?????  Now that’s funny!  Except in Kansas, where no one is laughing. They’re still paying for Art’s ideas!
Because the Dems don't care about we the people or how much taxes we pay.
Laugher not a serious economist.
The same art Laffer that bankrupted Kansas by lowering tax rates for the rich? You really do think Americans are stupid don't you?
Wtf,did these corrupt politicians get the SUBSIDIES, are you frecken kidding me,?
See Kansas for the answer.
My wife and I are praying for you everyday!

Get the players OFF the field, for the National Anthem!!!  They do not deserve to be on the field in hate of our country!   BOYCOTT THE NFL!
Agree
Because they are honest with voters and see the tax bill doesn’t benefit anyone except for the wealthy. You are again lying Donnie.
Because they have souls. Dumbass. Impeach impeach impeach
POTUS DON'T GIVE LEGITIMACY TO AN ILEGAL ACT CALLED obamacare DON'T FALL INTO THE TRAP REPEAL THIS COMMUNIST INSTRUMENT OF obama IT'S NOT US
I'm old enough to remember the Bush tax cuts. We got a $300 check but the rich got $500,000 cut. Then doubled the debt. No country with a brain cuts taxes during a war. Remember we are at war the last 16 GD years.
They would rather do that then watch you win.
I'm pretty sure you are thinking of Art Linkletter.
He IS the guy who helped bankrupt KANSAS
If fake president talks about fake news, do two negatives cancel each other?
Keep up the fight luv ya POTUS GOD BLESS YOU!
Ha ha - they work against USA citizens all day long, every day - no concessions - sleep just fine. Like Dr. Savage says "Liberalism is a mental disorder."
ART LAFFER WAS RIGHT, HOW COULD YOU PEOPLE DO THIS TO US IN THE MIDDLE CLASS WE HOLD THE US TOGETHER, I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU SCREWED US SO BADLY LIFE WILL BE HARDER FOR ME AND MANY OTHERS NOW
Me trump u the best president. In the world tweet. What u want u my hero

Yeah, didn't work in 1980. Voodoo economics. Should be doodoo
That’s because this “plan” failed bigly in Kansas. It was a huuuuuuge disaster.
Art Laffer is a fucking con artist and thief. He’s devastated our country once already devastated Kansas most recently and now you’re giving him a crack at devastating MY country again. I don’t know how you sleep at night 
Ask the folks in Kansas how their similar tax plan worked out for them.
Ask #Kansas what they think of Art Laffer's stupidity -
LMAO Try asking Kansas how well supply side economics works. #MoronInChief

Thank You President Trump!! You are the REAL AMERICANS President. I pray for you everyday.
What does it do for me? & What does it do for your family??  Difference???
Cutting taxes is a necessity that must be done for the American people.
Just like mechanics they can only charge certain amount four parts that are being replaced. This should also B done with insurance companies


Art Laffer is in you pocket!
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
Can u tweet me I'm your biggest fan
The democrats are for them & there pockets only but the gravy train is going down fast. Trump 2020. Merica !!
Absolutely correct!!!
This will only balloon the National Debt for our children
1. Pay off/down our debt
2. Pass balanced budget amendment
3. THEN tax cuts
Tax cuts??? Is this a joke? You are a professional liar!!!!
Fox News.  Fake news
Easy. The tax plan gives breaks to Trump, the wealthy and big corporations while the working stiffs get...well, they get stuffed. Whata deal
Look at what Art Laffer’s strategy did to Kansas
If Laffer approves of these tax cuts then you know it’s going to be a dumpster fire
I don’t believe a thing that comes out of your mouth, Mr. President.
You need better sources, that one is filling you full of BS. No Democrat will support 2% increase on low bracket to fund 5% decrease in top.
laffer is laughable. been wrong so often doesnt know which way is up
@realDonaldTrump , That Lafferty curve is a laugh. It's been disproven countless. Go tell other fools this stupid, fake news.
Tax the wealthy appropriately and then we’ll talk
Shut up, Trump, 
Half his tweets show utter weakness. They are plaintive, shrill little cries, usually just after dawn.
That's how I read it!
Because they IDIOTs

Lots of goof balls voted for you. Our country may not survive it. Art Laffer is a clown
Ha! Art Laffer was top consult't in Kansas' "massive tax cuts" a few yrs ago. Massive Fail & tax increase to make up lost rev'nue. Laugher!

Fok
Dems hate America tax workers so they can’t hire
Supply Side Economics was well-founded until NAFTA when "trickle down" began to trickle out.  That's when the middle class ceased to benefit
Don't worry they'll figure out a way
Probably need to pray for the Republicans to vote for it
Because it really IS NOT a big tax cut for the majority of Americans?
How do you cut revenue and pay down the national debt? You don’t. You feed the wealthy and fuck the rest. Tax returns much?
Learn to spell dumbshit. And to read for that matter
What #taxreform bill? Months now, reading GOP tweets promising the world, but no details. Disclose full plan, now! 2018 elections? GOP fired
Show us ur tax returns! How can u live with urself! Crook & liar!

Nice tweet Optus
Cunt
Get a job!!!!
U mean the Dems?
Easy. DEMs oppose a bill that gives 80%+ or over $1 trillion to the RICH while cutting Medicaid & Medicare which you promised not to do!
then Art must be your billionaire buddy or an idiot that thinks he's getting something out of this shitty deal.....
It’s called good conscience! Something you know nothing about.
&And the infamous "Laffer curve" has been disproved time & time again.If your intention is 2make the rich richer, then u r doing right thing
Giving more money to the rich hurts our economy. Wake up and look at Kansas.
Unfortunately the democratic party has sunk lower than the ocean floor and you know what is on the bottom of the ocean.
Because it stinks and only helps the top 1%#snowedgop
Its because they are globalists, deepstate, and anti-American.
Well, I don't know how someone could vote to take healthcare away from struggling people and live with themselves, but maybe I'm just weird.
The Laffer curve turned out to be a square
Yes but he is an ass...so
It's putting more mo st into the rich people's pockets while making poor people pay more
Arthur Laffer is wrong with Supply-side economics. It is demand that creates jobs.
Trump really commenting on your own tweet that is sad
FOX is #1 in fake news
You know it’s rather easy with their agenda of obstruction. I’m disgusted with our society today that elects left/right extremists.
I do because everything cost something
Possibly because they are representing the average American not just the wealthy.  So out of touch
Just worried... since healthcare reform isn’t already in place & BO Care is extended for 2 years, insurance companies will increase premiums over 2 years & the $4,000 tax savings will be mostly eaten by insurance companies. Perhaps this is why Mcconnell likes the tax cuts now
Dear President Trump,  I know this changes your subject but, PLEASE DRAW UP A  LAW TO PUT ANIMAL HARMERS IN JAIL SAME AS CHILD ABUSEERS.
Yeah, trickle down has been great for the middle-class, right?
Laffer is part of your swamp so go figure.
They do it for hate of our country
i'm highly interested in your #logo #design job.  am a #professional #graphic 

#designer. here is mylink
That’s because faux news is fake news.
We have long term memory think back to 2008
Oh really? Is that the same Art Laffer whose budget plan for Kansas bankrupted the state? Yeah, that’s the guy I’d trust: NOT!
Show us your taxes and we the American people can then decide if it’s good for us !!
Mr PRESIDENT I appreciate you, 
Thank you for your hard work!
most of all standing up for the peaple,even the ones that judge! W.F.SIII
Your tax cut/reform bill will only help the rich, the question is how can you live with your self.
You are such a bad day, bad dream for America and what America is supposed to be.
Laffer is laughable. The Laffer curve is a joke.
More trickle down, voodoo economics from the privileged classes as the gap between wealth and poverty painfully widens. #BreadOrBlood
You blame everyone else for what YOU are doing. This is a common trait of a crazy person. Keep it up, Amendment 25!!!
Art Laffer!? Now that’s a laugh, as was his curve. Completely discredited, but Trump excels at quoting the discredited.
Yes if only Senators Kaine and Warner would have the courage and conviction to support their constituents instead of their greed
Easily.
It is incredibly easy to vote in favor of regular citizens over wealthy assholes.
You people bashing him just because you watch CNN are just as disgusting as the people spewing this bullshit. Media is nothing but liars!
President Trump has been threw hell since taking office. Media has done nothing but attack this man. He deserves respect. No more hate!!!
#NOBAMA
#Stopbashingourpresident! He is the Modern day JFK. He loves his country and lives his people! You will be the best president ever Sir.
"Loves his people" you guys need a edit button for when you mistype stuff come on twitter
Me and my wife and children would love to meet you Mr. President of you ever come to Pa again. Be safe sir and thanks for everything!
Twitter sucks as far as tweets limiting how many words you can type in a tweet.
Please defend yourself Mr. Trump your supporters have your back. You don't have to keep quiet while they trash your great name sir.
Screw all you obummer lovers. He is why this country is so messed up! Now Trump gotta fix 8 years of mess ups.
How many presidents give money to fallen troops family's? I'll give you a hint! Only Mr. Donald J Trump. He has a heart of gold!
All you media should be ashamed! Mr Trump is draining the swamp or you wouldn't be bashing him so much! #Trumpsforthepeople.
Mr. President the news will never admit you're doing a great job! Thank you for being so strong Mr. Trump. America needs you Sir.
Tax and Spend!!! The Dems can't control themselves.
Well it appears Mr [crazy] Fart that you can live with yourself. How I do not know!
