President Trump LOVES winning!
Obama was ashamed of winning when it rarely happened to him! President Trump loves it wholeheartedly #MAGA
Leftists are averse to winning! They should spend time studying WINNERS like Donald J. Trump, Robert Mercer and James Simons!
Never forget: Obama still wished he was as athletically talented as President Trump!
Obama installed a Basketball court at the White House! That shows where his priorities were -- Sad!
Liberals! 
STUDY WINNING! 
LOVE WINNING!
GET USED TO WINNING! 

America is winning again under President Trump! #MAGA
Oh, and by the way, the election was not hacked http://offendedamerica.com/obamas-dhs-chief-jeh-johnson-election-not-hacked/ …
You are right Hillary beat Trump by 3 million votes.







I think the concentration should be in other places. Like... Puerto Rico
How about spending your time off of twitter for a few days?
Popcorn is ready.
I know it's hard but people are dying and the world is inching towards nuclear war. How about pretending to be presidential?

Cause putting a ball in a hole in the ground is more important than the people of Puerto Rico...
Wow, so Trump actually has been playing so much golf that he's the only sitting President ever to give trophies at the President's Cup?!
I thought people talking about Trump winning the President's Cup in golf was a joke. This is for real. This is real life.
So he's literally playing all this golf while people in Puerto Rico are dying and 9 million children lost their healthcare overnight.
He spent the whole weekend at his NJ golf club, then took a helicopter ride to another NJ golf course to hand out trophies
This is beyond preposterous. And all the while he criticizes the mayor of San Juan who was wading in sewage trying to find survivors.
If only Carmen Yulín Cruz had the leadership skills it takes to spend all weekend at various golf courses
Trump left his private golf club in New Jersey today...to go to another New Jersey golf club and hand out trophies http://publicpool.kinja.com/subject-travel-pool-report-5-golf-1819040093 … 
I'm so heartbroken that our country has come to this. Thanks a lot Putin.
Would you say the same if they didn't stand for the anthem?
You do realize that most of these players don't support you, right?
You criticize athletes for exercising their first amendment rights and then think you have a right to congratulate them?  They don't represent you.  They represent Americans.
He represents Russia.
#KLEPTOCRATS #MONEYLAUNDERING #COMPLICITGOP #45isaDomesticTerrorist

#RUSSIASANCTIONS #RUSSIASANCTIONS #RUSSIASANCTIONS
#RUSSIASANCTIONS
#Relevant 
How about you stop and focus on Puerto Rico?
This time during Katrina, even Bush had already had aid in the Gulf.
Trump, you NEED to do better. People are dying - that's not just an expression. Puerto Rican's are AMERICAN CITIZENS. Remember that.
Why is it you could provide aid for 2 states after Hurricane Harvey and Irma, but Maria comes and you do nothing?
It's time to stop the nonsense and begin responding to the people of Puerto Rico in ACTIONS and not just words.
Or trophies.
See a full list of Trump Accomplishments and Trump News at:
MSM is silent while
Human Trafficking Arrests SKYROCKET.
under Trump admin.
Electing Trump was the first step of the Trumpism movement
We WILL Primary the Establishment
MADE IN THE USA - Trump Shirts

Screen printed in Texas, USA

#MAGA
http://www.magapill.com/store/ 
Rocket man just turned into Little Rocket Man
Are Trump women HOTTER Than liberal women???
Of course most of the libs look like retired librarians. They do it on purpose since they are self proclaimed intellectuals.#anothermyth
What kind of horrible person talks like this? Or wait....the same one who is a draft dodging Nazi sympathizer.
The same one who conspired with Russia to steal the election.
The same one who is relying on Republiklans to cover up his crimes because they are in bed with Russia too.
But no matter what they do lies always get found out. And when you tell so many they found out that much faster.
Meanwhile he is murdering the the people of #PuertoRico to distract from the avalanche of confirming his treason.
But it's all going to come crashing down around them.
#MuellerIsComing to Westeros!
Why did Hillary collude with Ukraine in order to sabotage Trump, Kevin?
Why do people try to distract from the truth by creating and promoting a lie, whatever your real name is?
Will they be able to come to the White House? Or will you get an attitude of one of them refuses and on invite the whole team?
What if they didn’t stand for the anthem? Would you be congratulating them? #TakeAKnee
There must be no black athletes on that team protesting injustice in America! We know what u feel about those “sons of bitches,” right?
You have now played golf a total of 68 days & spent 88 days at your private properties--making HUGE profits for yourself at OUR expense.Sad!
He has also now done more good than Obama did in 8 years..
Are u kidding.. the mayor of Porto Rico was crying asking for help. because she's begging, people are dieing, kids have no food or WATER.
She was crying crocodile tears in front of pallets of water she refused to distribute.. she's a corrupt leftist..
Wth... I can't even express how unbelievable you are... Now I understand the Russian troll thing. There is no way u are human in any sense!
Oh buddy you better believe I'm real and I voted for trump last year and I'll vote for him again in 2020.. but stay in denial
Sounds like you're in denial of your candidates dignity
How so? I'd love to hear a leftist attempt to give their point of view..
@realdonaldtrump 

Puerto Rico. 

That is all.

You're welcome.
doing an awesome job in PR 
Thank you Mr.president
^^^ How is it that most every acct, like this guy 'Chad' above, who stands w/ Trump is either no avi, low followers, new, or all the above??
Less than 100 is not the same as less than 10. With respect. You and I both know what a sock account is and how to spot it.
Understood.
2 (two) images. Procured only a few seconds ago fro a 3rd party analytics outfit. I rest my case.
^^ I like 'percents'. Percents don't care for difference in numbers, they express only the ratio BETWEEN numbers. Ratios are very important.
President Trump, have you seen this video? If this is authentic, this needs to be investigated. It's disturbing.

Police officer from Guaynabo calls radio station. Mayor @CarmenYulinCruz  is not allowing distribution of donations.
Please have someone from your team check this out.
More on what is happening in #PuertoRico
What's REALLY going on in Puerto Rico
+a little perspective on the San Juan Mayor
whose description of US efforts contradicts the Governor's 
Even more from #PuertoRico
The truth about Puerto Rico  & it's not the propaganda Mayor of #SanJuan has been spewing w/MSM & cluless celebritiesRT 
#TakeAKnee 
I’ve seen this kind of corruption in other countries. Haiti after the earthquake bribe payments to get donated goods. Don’t we have laws
It's horrible. I hope something is done about it. 
Here to deal with corrupt politicians in Puerto Rico?  You’ve got the power @realDonaldTrump. We’re counting on your legal influence. Thanks
Puerto Rico needs drinking water but thanks for the trophy?
They have drinking water




Sad that this is the truth

Must be a very slow clock. Trump isn’t making America great any time soon.
Randy from @SouthPark has a trophy he wants to dedicate to our fake @potus.
 this must be trumps version of "Qu'ils mangent de la brioche" a French saying attributed to Marie Antoinette meaning let them eat cake.
Yeh, trumps Marie Antoinette, for sure. F--king sissy ed golf pants  for brains. We're in the twilight zone and need to escape! SOON!
Well perhaps history will repeat itself and he too will be deposed.
I vote for the guillotine.  
Gonna take some time to build that.
Go Trump!!!!!
The peoples POTUS :) #Trump2020
Ew

You don't CARE about The American  people 
.
.
.
#trumpresign #TheResistance #MAGA #TRUMP #IMPEACHTRUMP #DrainTheSwamp #FakePresident
So True
.
.
.
#trumpresign #TheResistance #MAGA #TRUMP #IMPEACHTRUMP #DrainTheSwamp #FakePresident
There's always a tweet.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
Trump says Puerto Rico, an island, is "surrounded by water, big water"
This is the image Trump has given himself and the United States throughout the world.
Trump , @VP &, @GOP are under fire,and already proving they can't handle this much power(Senate& Exec Office).
Do me a favor: Retweet this so America learns the entire Trump family's done business in Russia.

#TrumpRussia
YUP
.
.
.
#TRUMPRESIGN #TheResistance #MAGA #TRUMP #IMPEACHTRUMP #DrainTheSwamp #FakePresident
Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico
And let's not forget Russia, Mueller, Russia, Mueller



Jerk 
You spent your weekend:
insulting PR
dividing the country over peaceful protests
provking nuclear war
handing out golf trophies
NOT A POTUS!
I feel pretty confident that they will manage to dig even lower into the slime & find someone worse than  Price.
Thank GOD Puerto Rico has a trophy. Not water. 

A trophy.
They now can bail with the trophy. Sure they really appreciate it.
WTF! Raiders staff covering #NFL player protest! WOW! #NFL fleecing of continues #BoyCottNFL
#ManUpStandUpNFL.com
I think that's a good thing. What the Raiders owners were saying by having staff do this is like saying they disagree with the kneelers. 
I see it the other way. Raiders mgmt is condoning #TakeAKnee but doesn't want to get caught or could spin it like you said.
Possible. Really dont know true motive.
Sir, you, Mr. President, are a NIMROD!
Really , You spend time writing this  crap?  Seek help snowflake
Michael, stand down sir! You are a NINCOMPOOP!
Ur a. Liar..
@NancyPelosi used #AirForce aircraft 2travel back2 her district @ a cost of $28,210.51 a flight. $2,100,744.59 in 2 yrs. $100k food & drnk
She had to use military aircraft then. She was Speaker of the House and 3rd in succession. She was required to be have secured comms.
If I was there I would have taken a knee!
Great idea! Everywhere #trump appears, people need to take a knee. Pass it on!
this is what people there wore you asshole
#RespectTheFlag
Such hypocrisy. Fake outrage at NFL.
Puerto Rico?
CHIP?
Russian sanctions?
If you stand for our Anthem
If you respect our 
If you support our President
If you work to #MAGA
If you love the USA
You're an American
Um, I'm still an American even if I disagree?? That's kind of what that means?
In 45’s America, you might be correct.


Has Trump "manipulated" me into believing my retirement account has gone WAY up in value?
Just wait till trumps budget goes into effect.



This is precious gold!
Maddow's smug face & pompous attitude got run over by the #TrumpTrain on 11/8/16. #MAGA

America's children will be taught to love their country and take pride in our great American flag. -President Trump @Corrynmb   #MAGA   
It's a sports topic not porno. Time and place for everything.
Wrong. Would you allow your kids to look at this. Wait, you're a liberal, don't answer that. It will make me sick to know.
my god you are sick
Apologies to #TeamUSA that you worked so hard and only got to meet Trump instead of a real president who isn't completely worthless!
Trump,
You have lost the hearts and minds of the people, even those who once supported you.
You, Trump, are the villain in your own story!
Oh, you poor little lost boy!
 No, son! Trump lost the popular vote and his approval is at 33%.
I hope you grow up and learn something!
Thanks for the good laugh at your expense.
You Trump sycophants believe literally anything regardless of actual facts!
"Fake news!"


More winning!

Still not big enough to hold all Trump’s BS.
Don't forget your chest high waders @realDonaldTrump so you and Mayor of San Juan can join the search for missing people. #PuertoRico #trump
are they available with built in stilettos for melania?
Did you just dedicate a trophy you didn't win?
Yes, yes he did. Beacause that’s what dictators do. Plus that’s what PR needs right now is a damn cup.
Learn how to spell (because). Dictator? That's original. Go to another country if it's so unbearable

Oh not #TeamRUSSIA? 

Trump can’t demand that everyone stand for the flag if he colluded with a foreign Gov't to subvert the very democracy that flag represents. 
You are the least useful person in the entire cosmos.
#NFL players pissin' on #BoyCottNFL http://ManUpStandUpNFL.com 

Is this real life or a SNL skit?
Hard to tell ain't it?
POLL 

Who’s better at golf??

Vote and #retweet
Tell me...how exactly is this suppose to HELP the hurricane victims? That’s right....IT’S NOT! An absolute joke....
Please ask #Sessions to watch
This has to be an award winning tweet. It shows an iq of no more then 70, zero interest in life and death of others. Such a shit you are.


He always looks so damn confused standing there twisting around like a child. How could we have a more unprofessional baffoon as pres?
50% of Puerto Rico has NO fresh water to put in the CUP. This is just sick of you.
Wow.. a trophy really helps rebuild, nourish and clothe those affected. #YOUDONTCARE
Can I tell you where to put that trophy?
It’s all about the Trump. His vanity is beyond belief. The Stupidest Potus ever
Oxfam criticizes US government response in Puerto Rico
Nothing like a golf trophy to help rebuild an island and save it's people from some certain death. Nailed it boys!
Great, you play golf while Puerto Ricans are dying.

He cares about golf WAY more than he cares anything else... the rest of us be damned.
How nice you were able to golf and celebrate while thousands of Americans are dying in Puerto Rico.

Everything trump touches dies.
Bigly
http://www.ebay.com/itm/162692463120?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649 …
While Puerto Rico burns. Yet you condemned Obama for occasionally playing golf - and that is literally all you've done. Appalling.
Paul rips GOP tax plan: "I hope the final details are better than this"

Under Obama we had the longest stretch of job growth in American History. That streak is now snapped. https://twitter.com/johnjharwood/status/916279732098011138 …
This administration is full of greed and corruption. Trumps Presidential Game Show is turning into a Shit Show and costing lives.
So you really thought it was appropriate to dedicate a god damn golf trophy to people in a dire ass situation? Why? Who is that helping?
The @NFL kneeler issue is the frontline to save the USA! Tweet #sueNFL it is our weapon as internet patriots. Please do more than RT/like
Pray for the victims!   
Stop golfing!
Look at these people who hate America oops that's the army football team
He is meeting with this idiot today. She, as long with dock workers being on strike are making this so much harder.
Yes makes it a lot worse for the Puerto Rican people.  Doesn't help with an idiot of a Democrat Mayor like her telling huge Porkies.
A few days before her grandstand, she was praising Trump. Then she gets some freshly minted shirts & hats. Pretty telling.
Yes its strange that isn't it. Up to their ears in corruption. Celebrities used to flock round him too, before he went up against Clinton
What is wrong with you!? A golf trophy? Maybe you could dedicate some food, water and medical supplies...just a thought. You need to resign
How many bottles of water could that cup buy? Repair of PR infrastructure? Sick. Sad, Tone deaf. #alternativefacts True #FakeNews
OMFG What a fucking loser. Forget golf and do your fucking job. His voice makes me puke. All this shit in the USA and he shows up at this

Damn, those people in PR are really gonna use that trophy you dedicated to them! Yep, the power is now on and everyone has food and water!
I wonder if that cup was made in china and imported to this country by your daughter ivanka to this country ?????
Guarantee they didn't have you in mind,they,like soldiers fight for one thing,not the flag or Apple pie they do it for each other,DUMP TRUMP
Ooops Looks like BOTH sides counting down to your impeachment 
You're still guilty of collusion. I haven't forgotten. Nor has the American people. Or the courts. Or God. Or that guy in jail called Bubba.
最好的较量，美国代表的耶稣和撒旦的决斗上帝保佑美国，指引美国找到撒旦
PuertoRicans are dying and you offer them a ridiculous @presidentscup ?
The President is so kind and generous. Now Puerto Ricans can clear the streets using the trophy! Donald Trump is the true savior.
Fantastic!!!
See how you actually have feeling in this? Your comment on Las Vegas was a disastrous lack of feeling. Pathetic. No real empathy.
Increase your #business now.
Yes  2020  I am praying for president donald trumps in amen usa love
That'll really help the people of Puerto Rico. Maybe they can hawk it for the basic necessities of life like food, water, shelter.
Trump rocks
eat shit
Gross.
I think they would preferred your thoughts and prayers....
Hey Trump, PR needs help. Also, you jumped up and spoke about the Las Vegas shooting butg we had to wait for a response on PR. ASHAMED OF U
Mortified! What a disgrace. You are deplorable and sick to think dedicating a cup is helping anyone. #WorstPresidentEver #It'sNotAboutTrump
Donald Trump! You're the greatest leader in the world  and we appreciate you talking golf!

This has to be a joke.  Go to Puerto Rico!
Shame on you #twittertrump  it is not the time for your insensitive comments... you're so ignorant
#ImpeachTrump
#Sad
#not1more
#Prayers
Oh look it's the guy who said he would never see a golf course if he was president. You are destroying our society
Stop fucking around at Golf and start working on gun reform laws!  You're a sorry excuse for a President...
feeling complacent about trump? a look back always helps. https://youtu.be/OWpzbyAQmFY?t=15m34s …
This is so confusing... is it just to me?
No other former president will ever stand with you traitor
#MAGAIT Make America Great Again Impeach Trump #MAGAIT. Make Trump the "greatest" president to be impeached.

UnFit Mind Trump Golf more Important Than Puerto Rico? @CarmenYulinCruz @PuertoRicoPUR and Shootings in Las Vegas? @SenJohnMcCain @CNN

Wow look how orange he is
Funny how none of the real presidents have nothing to do with you.

Is it really a Presidents cup when it comes from a FAKE PRESIDENT?
If I were them, I'd shun you! Congrats from you means nothing.
Oh wow
Parasito mete esa pelota en tu cul......
God you are pathetic
But can you make risotto

#supportkurdistan #support_peshmarga
btw, weren't you super critical of @BarackObama for golfing too much? So wtf are you doing at a golf tourney during this time of crisis?


Please take the trophy to Puerto Rico tomorrow? I'm sure they would love to fill it with fresh water.
THE WALKING PUG
lINK SHIRT : " $19 " 
YOU CAN BUY T-SHIRT =>https://www.sunfrog.com/113154644-404875375.html?32560 …
20,000 Puerto Rican's Voluntarily faught in World War 1... 5 Puerto Rican's awarded the Medal of Honor in the Vietnam war!
Trump your a joke
He doesn't even know how to act like a president what an embarrassing situation for us and the Country YOU SUCK DONNIE
 You cleaned up the audio so the heckler in the background yelling"U don't give a f*ck about Puerto Rico,"can't be heard! U FRAUD!
Congrats #TeamUSA maybe someday a real president will present you with the trophy
