Hey Don relocate Israel to Florida, get them out of that bad neighborhood where everyone hates them
WTF??!! This is ABSURD!
I voted for you as an anti-war candidate, if you take us into war in Syria you will cross my red line, I will then have to work against you
The world is a dangerous place and events sometimes warrant a change in course. How can you hold him to your standard given that?
Assad is a moderate, secular leader who is resisting the Sunni led ISIS who want control of his country. Remove him and the region explodes.
Why do your enemies like murder so much ?
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!...
Pres Trump is taking the playbook from Reagan in how to deal with the Russia.   But Trump has much stronger est and elites against him
Mccain initially cheered Pres Trump then days later blamed him.  If McCain is upset and angry st Trump it means we have a great President
So... did you know this before you did exactly that? 
#AndrewJacksonWouldHave been very confused by your expensive blunder.
#trump100days
Do you proof read? Does no one double check your idiotic posts? WTF is wrong with our presidency?
Very smart..u sure nailed the syrian jets it look like 20% of their aerFORCE kaput
Or the attack was just a staged show for your simpleton supporters. That's why u called Russia and warned them and did no real damage.
Wow now I see why u said u knew more than the generals. Brilliant
so you wasted the 59 Tomahawks on something cheap and easy to fix, what a waste of tax dollars don't you think?
Yeah you know more than the generals. Believe me
#illegitimate #SoCalledPresident #ProfiteerInChief You really don't know what the hell you're doing, do you?
Nah!! Who told you or did you learn this by yourself?
You hit on runway models, but can't hit on model runways. I see how this works.
Couldn't you just build a big, beautiful wall at the end of the runway?
When Pres Obama was #CommanderandChief it was hard 2 picture him taking any aggressive action & Putin a former general played him like a
Especially since u warned Russia in advance. Expensive showmanship, accomplished nothing--they flew the next day from same runways.
Hit the runways then they cant take off, then 2nd round hit all the aircraft
Yes but in the meantime yet don't work! You fool
You maniac
purposely didnt hit it
why not use the British bomb that peppers this runway
Jet runways are more expensive than cheap black-top runways. Make Assad spend that Russkie $$$. Hit another Syria airport, you big puss!
That is such bullshit. we have bombs specifically designed to mangle them beyond repair. Stop lying!!!
So what? Your attack was lame. 59 Tomahawks and they're flying the next day? Runways are inexpensive and easy to repair? See that on HGTV?
Wrong - quit lying
You don't hit anything apparently. You are too busy tipping them off, before wasting money on missels used to fire at them.
How much stock do you and Tillerman have in Rayethon? Ya, Americans know.
Do you seriously have any grasp on reality?
so, how much money did you make off that since you own part of the company that makes those missiles.
WE helped the terrorists that is all we accomplish any time we have involvement with Syria. Stay out of Syria
OOOO! Somebody explained something and you listened.
Then, why did you?
U FIRED 60 OF THEM SOME FEW OF THEM COULDA HIT THE RUNWAY....U SCREWED UP ON THAT ONE!!!
BS
True. But the strike was symbolic and appropriately warned the Russians ahead of time to avoid escalation. Hit the runway symbolically too!
You're forever a draft dodging coward
trumpk
You didn't hit squat. They bombed the next day. I guess you just were looking to increase your stock value in Raytheon.
baby man at it again..
$75 million missile launch hardly did any damage. But you own stock in company that provided missiles so u don't care. FU
Please....  It certainly can't hurt to hit it and slow them down...  What a lame excuse!
you are great president of USA  we proud of you
@realDonaldTrump @alexjonesshows So now you are the president from the big giant why won't you act like one. Think big or else be dumped
You hit them anyway!  Your logic makes no sense.  I don't care if they are known for building runways world wide, hit them anyways.

thanks for clearing up how you fix a runway. I am too stoopid to work it out myself.
So that's why you targeted them?   Nice episode for your reality tv show - over and done in an hr? Now time to eat cake?
Why this pointless fireworks display then?Cost us milllions of $$. Trump, you are a danger to yourself and others-The world! Psych Ward 4Don
You're so FULL OF CRAP.  #NotMyPOTUS
With all due respect to the Office of the Presidency, there's nothing rapid about RRR.
Spoken like a person who knows what he's talking about...Not!
Donald trump all that u are doing u are doing well ,because u started well God bless u and  ur country
We still want to see the conclusion of the Russian investigation, as well as your taxes. Knee-jerk attack will only raise your polls so much
Dude, seriously...stop. The stupid burns...
It's my understanding that releasing your tax returns is also easy and inexpensive. Can you FILL us IN on that?
So, instead you just keep hitting the golf course? #VacationPresident
TAX RETURNS, PLEASE
Strange, because in UK they take decades to build.
In this Country that are living in poverty. Your busy showing off to your voters that we have lots of bombs while kids go to bed hungry
We all know you only think children are important if they are still in the uterus!  That's why you won't do anything for the children...
So, WTF did you hit?  Russia had plenty of warning to get all their people and property out!  Planes were taking off as if nothing happened
and didn't your son just announce he got the contract to repair it - or is that fake news?
Speaking of "fill in and top", when are you going to fix the roads? i.e. Roads in Pontiac, Michigan area? Terrible!
Lol... just shut up
But enough about United Airlines.
what??
Runways r the first thing u want to destroy. Assad bombing same region he gassed 24 hrs after ur fireworks show.
...and Putin told you not to
Oh let's see, they were up and flying again in less than 24 hours. Great job NOT
Next time send in Harrison Ford to land on the wrong one. That'll mess them up for sure!
Russia and Syria both just gave you the biggest middle finger! Can't upset your Russian pals, they might not help you out next election.
So your "strong" message was to destroy some unimportant assets and allow them to fly missions out hours after the attack?
Still bullshitting.
someone told you that for sure. Didn't think it on your own!
An Israeli general once told me the same thing. He was a famous fighter pilot too. R.I.P.
BULL
Pleeeeaaaassse??!! You're a joke
:)
You are a lame president!

of course you hit run ways.  CANT COVER YOUR STUPIDITY
Stupid response. Of course you hit the runway. Why hit a mountain. #fool
Especially when you decide NOT to pay the contractors once the work is done!
And you generally don't call your target beforehand and give them a headsup your coming!
Mr.President, we have spent over 3 billions in south sudan so let's stop the killing.
Well why don't you hit the ones at LaGuardia.
Bullshit
Please Mr. President do something.
D.O.J wont put me in Protective Custody/whistle blowers protection until they figure my Justice out...
خلي الصداقه العربيه ووالامريكيه مثل ما كانت لاتشعل نار الحروب الحروب دمار لنا ولكم والخساره على الجميع في الارواح
Maybe if you had actually gone to war, like you were supposed to, you'd know what EVERYBODY else does.  BOMB RUNWAYS!
Our military is the best (before you), if instructed to hit runways they would have been hit and unrebuildable.
Insecure a little?   It's funny - you can't even see it.
$60M in Tomahawk missiles... $0 impact. What your personal ROI for each missile?
But since their runway was up & going again-Liberals have NO clue!  Ya wiped out hangers and aircraft! Costs them millions! And killed a few
Did #PresidentBannon  tell you that?
It must have been #PresidentKushner because he is the #SecretaryOfEverything! #PresidentBannon just the #WhiteHouse babysitter now. #JOBS!
You are an amateur - it shows.Your administration has an Incoherent foreign strategy. Read a book sometime, listen at briefings for a change
OMG!!
Yesterday, NATO is obsolete. Today NATO is peacemaker and fact of stability... you are very dangerous. I prefer a leader with clear vision
Oh please.
I totally dropped my support to you. You are now suddenly talking the same language with Hillary & Co.  this is your 1st and last mandate
Is the real reason that you 'phoned Russia before attack that you needed to ask DaddyP for permission?
3 bombs tues & only 1 of them hit a chemical stash which means assad did not fire chemicals he only hit a stash of chemicals with 1 bomb.
Especially if you tell them you are going to just to create a false separation between you and their ally Russia
So a hole in the ground next to the runway then?
you hit nothing!
Easy to fix? YOU MORON. YOU MARMALUKE! Do you have any idea how hot and hard road crews work to fill in potholes?
(FILL IN AND TOP) Yeah that's what .@FLOTUS said.
who taught you to say that? I'm sure you didn't even have the wits to think it up - stupid an answer as it is.
It also helps if you don't tip them off ahead of time and give them time to evacuate. Congratulations on hitting an empty area. So Brave!
And the reason you do is so the target can't fly sorties out of the same airfield later that day, orange orangutan. Are you that duh?
or ruin it by buying it and running it as your own business. Way more effective and cheaper
U need bombers, which risks American lives. Tomahawks aren't used for destroying runways.
 fill in and top kind of like your hair piece
And they're super fast moving targets!!
59 missiles that destroy? We only look at the same shots.
You didn't do too good a job planes flew out the next day
Way to go Donnie boy! 59 missiles hit an air strip, that air strip was back up and working in two days. 59 missiles for that...you dope
you couldn't get any dumber
I LIKE what you're doing so far on everything, but be careful if you're talking about ousting ASSAD.  Look what happened in Iraq and Libya.
That was so nice of you because it allowed them to use the runways a few hours later to resume bombing those people you care so much about
Why don't you just make a wall like that then. Fill in and top.  So you can land on it. Fly it. Land. Sit at the top, 50 caliber dance.
You should of took Obama out of your mouth when you created fake news,. B Cert, Obama take your guns, ,or after he had you to dinner.
Hey. Prez why has gas gone up 50 %? y Obama sucked. You are beginning to make him look good. WTF?
Are you sure you didn't mean 'fairways?'
Hahahaha - you are so clueless
Oh, you boys & your toys
I think it's called Wag the Dog; Obama asked Congress for permission to bomb in 2013-GOP voted no. You, on the other hand, bypassed Congress
#STFU
On 2nd thought - this was a brilliant move. Now our adversaries can't bank on you being non-interventionist. Keep em guessing.
Yeah, & in this event it would have limited Russia's planes and u didn't want to go too far with ur buddy, Putin, did u, Trump? Just 4 show?
