
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross has profited handsomely from a shipping company with business ties to Putin’s family http://nyti.ms/2j3XZGn 
What you are doing to the @EPA is sad.
Plz shsss your every breath pollutes our air 
When you stop polluting with your home, your vehicle, your food, your shampoo, your toothpaste and your lotion, then you can talk. 
You'd cease to exist  everything you mentioned has furthered mankind existence asinine you are
so did dinosaur meat
Omg  you've convinced me

Day before #TrumpTaxScam mark up starts, #ParadisePapers show Mnuchin, Cohn, Ross all linked to offshore tax havens. https://www.theguardian.com/news/2017/nov/05/paradise-papers-leak-reveals-secrets-of-world-elites-hidden-wealth …
Is it still too soon to talk about gun control? Or should we wait until the next massacre? Or the next one after that?
Bahahahaha you're fucking delusional. This is some serious fantasy writing.
Is a marriage vow a promise?
on the border????

New: Trump commerce secretary Wilbur Ross's business link to Putin's family detailed in huge #ParadisePapers leak https://www.theguardian.com/news/2017/nov/05/trump-commerce-secretary-wilbur-ross-business-links-putin-family-paradise-papers …
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!...
#trumpRESIGN #TrumpGlobalGag #TrumpChicken #DemForce
Why are only working for the wealthy elite Trump. Why are you trying to dismantle the ACA now that is stabilized, and working.your a liar
Broken promises:-

*Healthcare for all
*Medicaid untouched
*Lower costs
*Lower deductibles

#TrumpCare is like @realDonaldTrump "University"
Thank you, President Trump.   The citizens of this great nation are taking notice.  2020 will be good to you.  God bless.  Amen.
The grateful citizens of the great nation see your fight against evil and corruption and anti-Americanism is our fight.  We stand with you!
So Mr. Biblical, you're cool with a prez that grabs women by their genitals and cheats on every wife he's had??

Once again, how is someone espousing all his biblical views condoning an adulterer and sexual assailant for the leader of our country?



#AlternativeDefinition
Kept Promise: A promise that is not kept.
#AlternativeExamples:
• Repeal Obamacare
• All talk re: China
• Defeat ISIS in 30 days
• No golfing
• Ending American interventionism
You keep talking abt regulations… I don't think any blue-collar worker thinks "gee—I wish multinational corporations had LESS regulations!"
Also, you're keeping your promise on "the border"?
• Mexico's NOT paying for it
• Mostly a fence—not a wall
• Taking land from your voters
Thank god obamas gone
Do me (& the rest of America a favor) by proving that you're NOT an idiot by defending Trump without mentioning Hillary or Obama.
I'll open this challenge to ALL #TrumpBots… defend this:
• Trump praised Putin
• Putin is allied w Assad
• Assad (allegedly) gassed children

When ate you going to start acting presidential! !
Mr. President, you have not kept any of your promises and have in fact made things worse. So, are you a liar or just incompetent?
No nuclear war please. . the bible talked about this.. Trump are you the lawless one.Two super powers start nuclear war America is Babylon
Don't think so
Jajajajajajajajajajaja that's a good one clown!
Only promises kept are for the rich. But the rest of us vote, too, remember that.
Liar.

#showusyourtaxes 

#TaxMarch #Resistance
#delusional
No you are not. Most of what you promised was unconstitutional or a lie
'Big changes are happening'; your reality isn't real.
In an alternate universe?
why is boeing going to china?
Some of these haters have no life apparently.  They are on here all the time..
Get it done..enough of the past eight years of just talk..
I am sure that the American tax payers are just thrilled about the recent estimates on the border wall.70 billion dollar to build it
seems the most effective wall to reduce illegal immigration has been the perception among illegal border crossers is they are less welcome.
R u nuts?
They are your promises to make America a place of internal fear and international paranoia #dumptrump
Funny, you haven't diverted at all into renewable energy, wind, solar, etc. Stop lying!
nope
What you want to happen is not happening already. Who are you kidding with your suggested wish list? Stop faking, bozo!
Your a mess
I can't even imagine how much you paid Russian hackers to rig the elections.
It's a wonder that you managed to get 0.1% approval ratings from the citizens, let alone 50%
The number of promises that you've kept is as high as your IQ.
keep up the great work. That's why we elected you!!
Are you one of the 24M who will have no health care?
Nope not me
All you are doing is creating chaos and lying about how great you are. Big changes are coming, most of which will be a dump on Americans.
Right. like promises to build a wall, muslim ban, healthcare repeal, that's all going to plan is it?
Fortunately, you have everyone against you. But Hey, Planned Parenthood will get less money now. PRAISE JESUS!!!
LOL you need to get out of your degenerate city once in a while and see what real Americans actually think. We aren't against him. #MAGA
And you keep your promise and avoid us landowners lawsuits
Don't sell our economy out to China for North Korea!!!!!!!!! Bad deal, no deal
CHANGES! C-Creating H-Harmonious A-Aggregate N-Needs G-Generally E-Emancipates S-Severally
Are you delusional? Oh dear heaven.
Yeeeeeees!!  Keep up the great work Mr. President!  Much gratitude!!  Love and prayers!!
Free the political prisoners!
You'e delusional.
GOLFING... or something... and remember next time...you CAN'T GET IT REPEALED WITHOUT A VOTE!!!!!!! Schmooze...
What, I'm getting crazy or I'm in the mother of nightmare!!
And breaking our backs with your trips to Merry Lago.
I CAN'T TAKE ALL THE WINNING 
WHERE'S THE WINNING
you and @SecretaryRoss lying about Canada is a low point for US-Canada relations
Keep this one: “If I decide to run for office, I’ll produce my tax returns, absolutely. And I would love to do that,”
You haven't done anything! The American Party is coming to remove you and your cronies from office!
Please sign The Miners Protection Act !! Thank You !!!
The only change worth seeing is your removal from office!
Do U know the difference b/w running a business vs. running a gov.? LEARN SOMETHING
Hi away
Do not ever give out your tax returns. The people don't care only the media. The hell with the them
Hope & expectations r high. Keep it up by passing legislation on these promises.
Seriously what did Obama do???
it's true, continue with the Reforms
Congratulation president...#American people keep trust in you..because you #can
& U R changing your position 100% on most things....real consistency is that U R inconsistent and impulsive!
I appreciate what you are doing 
Ryan will end your's and @GOP future-in charge of agenda- and w/smarmy smirk- doesn't mind publicly slapping you to say so..2018/2020 losses
Big changes? Like #HighCrimesandTreason #Traitor #TrumpRussiaCollusion #CoverUp Your grand scheme will be short-lived and hopefully u will 2
What about the promise to SHOW YOUR TAXES! #TAXDAYMARCH
Yippee!!! God is answering the prayers of His people!  Thank you for obeying the call of God! 
Your promises? Really?
liar, liar, pants on fire! You could have been the greatest president in the history of US. Instead you will be flushed down the toilet.
Remember when you said you'd reveal your tax returns tho?
Be careful with north Korea please. . I would hate for china to try the USA. Because of an attack on north Korea. Play if careful please
Liar! America knows you lie! Cheat! Steal! Waste our tax $ for personal trips! Most unpatriotic Americans EVER! Reward loyalty not experienc
How would you know? You're too busy playing golf! What a disgusting president you are...so very, very disgusting!
Also Big Investigations are happening into your financial and nefarious ties to Russia.  No "big change"
in  Obamacare  biz as usual.
Missing nature and climate here. #climatechange is biggest problem to solve
LOL wake up Donald. You were dreaming again! On 2nd thought maybe we'd all be better off if you went back to sleep.
Liar
Promises to who, certainly not to American people #INCOMPOTUS
You haven't passed a single piece of legislation for any of those things. You've done nothing. #trumpfail
What about all of the broken promises?
U R irrelevant AND OBSOLETE. Asylum or jail for life. Either way. 
Tweet on loser @realDonaldTrump it's all over but the cryin' 
#resistance
How am I crying? How do I deserve asylum or jail for life? Please advise because you sound like the one whining over someone's tweet.
You are doing awesome! Just remember to take a day of rest each week. We want you to be healthy!
AND THE LIBERAL MEDIA IS IGNORING WHAT U ARE DOING! MAKES ME ANGRY.SOMEHOW WE NEED TO KNOCK THEM DOWN TO ONE NEWS PROGRAM.THEY ARE SLIMEBAGS
And which promises have you kept?  Lol!
how can you believe this bullshit? I can't stand a liar, Liar.
Thank you, President Trump for all your hard work. God bless you!!
#WRONG
Then why do most of us feel slighted or uneasy with everything that has happened so far? You make it impossible to believe you, sir.
Healthcare? Lol. Travel ban? Etc. Etc. Etc.
What is going on? Islamic Takeover in FULL SWING - San Diego School District Surrenders to SHARIA LAW https://conservativepost.com/islamic-takeover-in-full-swing-american-school-district-surrenders-to-sharia-law/ … …
you promised to not be the world's police & then after ignoring much worse in Syria you bomb to  divert off #russiagate #Liar #Liar
please put a limit on gasoline prices.
Cute story. No proof.
We need someone like you in Italy
no immigration ban, no start on the wall, no repeal & replace yea promises being kept if you're in an alternate universe
BWAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAA!
You mean like getting tough on China? And you did notice the jobs report was disappointing last month.
In my 53 years, I've never witnessed a President do so much in so little time.
Drain the swamp? NOT!  Globalists Dina Habib Powell, Gary Cohn, Goldman Sacs, billionaires, CEOs, Wall Street.... Deplorable!
when are you cutting taxes for middle class & businesses?You're heading far left with money choices!elections will be lost!
I understand you can't get the funding for the "great wall of trump"
Now the WALL.
You promised: Release your taxes.
Just because you keep saying it doesn't make it real.
I see what you did there.  Knew Spicier's twitter handle the whole time.  Didn't you?  Oops.  lol
Wow. So NO regulations? That's what we are going for?
Hey puppet, have you checked your companies last quarter losses? President's Bannon documentary "The Puppet" will be a huge success
Can you provide any evidence of this? Do you know that, if you tweet something, it doesn't just come true like magic?
You inherited the best economy in the world. Market has priced in and expects big things.  Miss earnings = you will pay the price.
I don't believe you.
Your taxes?
#ReleaseYourTaxes
You're not fooling anyone . you Fool
regulations when??
Saw big change, not showing your logs. Saving 70k, yet you continually spend millions of taxpayer dollars on weekend vacations. Another lie!
The biggest and greatest change would be if you resign. Or impeached.  That would be BIGLY. SUPER. Maga. That would make your slogan true.
Most important thing, show American people you tax return!! Stop tweeted shit!!
You promised us a WALL but one that. MEXICO would pay for
Ur position on engery is out of the 1900s. You'll have us all burning whale oil lamps. Meanwhile our planet will be drowning in pollution.
What about the promise to release your tax return.
News!  Poll was taken on Hannity.
Please retire if you wish to golf as much as you are. Can you keep that promise?
For which price?
"I will release my taxes."
"I won't play golf."
"Healthcare for everyone."
Keep Your promise to Drain the SWAMP! Arrests Comey, Hillary, Rice..All of them!! We demand it !!
Repeating a lie over and over wont make it true.
Keep it coming. We are happy.
No democratic funding for wall, I will donate
Don't listen the haters Don, you're doing great.
Once ur homies turn on t-Rump, America will be great again.  Playing Risk for Dummies is dangerous.  #impeach-T-Rump #First100DaysSuck
1. Wanted ethics gone
2. Gave our privacy to ISP's
3. Killing Dodd Frank
4. Failed to stop Obama Care.
All for big business, not the people!
Who do you work for exactly? We don't know, you won't share your taxes with more petitions signed than inauguration guests! Which was huge!!
U made us the JOKE to the world. No CORE, No Foreign Policy, No Ethics. I pray for my kids sake that U don't get us all killed. #LockTrumpUP
Dont listen to ppl that want to bring u down. U r our president! MAGA America first!
What about misery Obama Care. We want full repeal, no replace. We're broke.
HELP TO PUNISH CORRUPTION GOVERNMENT OF AZERBAIJAN
"And everybody knows it."
Did you not promise to release your tax returns? #liar
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
Temp jobs on the backs of our Native American brothers & sisters u had  sent ppl there & got them beaten badly at Standing Rock!!! 
BombWarTrump
Release your tax returns.
Biggest change coming soon  - the Oval Office.
6 months later his CIA director would call WikiLeaks a "non-state hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors like Russia.”
so how's that record low presidential approval rate?
and america suck again is your legacy
Not in the end days Russia the bear is china the dragon is but the USA is not. So please Mr trump I know u have given your generals free
"  all Obama does is golf! if I were potus, I'd NEVER leave the White House. Too much to get done! This country's a mess. "
Did you promise to bankrupt America financially and morally?  Well you're doing a tremendous, fantastic and bigly job of doing it.
