When will you stop? You are the most negative individual in the history of mankind. You are fueling a nation of terrible followers. You have supporters name calling ppl, and bullying something terrible. You make ppl think it's ok. IT'S NOT!
I don't name call and back every liberal and Democrat that I have talked to eventually starts name calling and cursing at me it sucks
I get tired of seeing name tossing and stereo typing when so many ppl actually are middle of the road on issues. Then disagree on one, and you bcome a total socialist xyz. Or worse, an idiot, blah, blah. I watch it come from the far right all day. It gets my blood up.
You know what I apologize I should never assume someone is Democrat maybe I should call him socialists or liberal? 
It's hard watching extremists on any matter. I think ppl should be open minded and find a way to compromise on any matter. I see so many folks just be hard nosed "just bcuz" and have no answers or reasons. It's childlike.
Gillespie shuns Trump in biggest race of 2017 http://politi.co/2h8AE20  via @politico
haha sucka!!

You have let them down. You. You. You.
I moved here the day the space shuttle blew up. It was like that back then believe me
That's what the Democrats do, come in and build hype. Then when they win, they turn their back on them. Everytime
You mean like you have let us down?
“Dark Money”: Ed Gillespie and the Koch brothers lobbied 33 state legislatures to pass ultra conservative. laws! Unfair to the rest of us!

They'd abandon their own children to push their ideology
CNN broadcasters you should put a mirror in front of your face.
I hereby Doom this dude to lose.
STILL NOTHING ABOUT CALIFORNIA!
YOU HAVE TIME TO PROMOTE
CANDIDATES.
NO TIME
NO HEART FOR YOUR OWN
PEOPLE.
WORST
PRESIDENT
EVER!
SAD!
You've abandoned entire USA w/ your unilateral decisions. Don't EVER criticize Obama for using EO's. You're on track to surpass him bigly
Ed has just been given the #KissofdeathbyTrump
even in West Virginia Coal country the Democrats abandoned them and causing a lot of poverty to run rampant in the once vibrant coal country
I probably will lose my health insurance because of your executive order. #failedtrumpcare
Are you secretly working for the Democratic party? I see what you did there...
https://twitter.com/trumpsterMG/status/914514286852104192 …
Hahaha!
Ed will devour your flesh and burn down your home. Just as good of an endorsement as Trump’s at this point! #maga #EdEatsPeople
Beep beep Charly!!! You want a balloon, big guy?
Blah, Blah, Blah!

It's true Virginia will go red in 2020 GO (R) Ed Gillespie #MAGA



Who told u this bs?
Republicans have been doing nothing but selling the country to the nazis, white supremacists, & wealthy Russians like you.
Go get em President 
Just like America has been abandoned by it's president
Thank you Mr President Trump god bless you and god bless America 
What's up 

You and the GOP have like the whole country down
Muzzle it. #Impeach #25thAmendmentNow
Did you just rickroll us?
Will he give me up, though? Or run around? Or desert me? Or make me cry? Or say goodbye? Or tell a lie and hurt me?

Campaign lies never work.

I don't know about that sir. Not one hundred 100% sure that Ed Gillespie is not a establishment Republican. But I defer to your expertise.
How about showing your tax returns
Stop worrying about the Democrats and try doing your job
Dems are the BEST AT SELLING OUT. LIBTARDS ARE THE PLAGUE
stfu you scum bag
No coal! Solar now. Future not black lungs!
#MAGA
Trump you actually allowed this to happen? Sick..
It was a real estate training program from 2005 to 2010 old news

I mean seriously, who de these Democrats thing they are. Goddamn Liberals tryna ruin our riiiighhtss.

ED GILLESPIE will be a governor to be proud of he will be a governor for all of the people of Virginia
Virginia has other Democrats who care about them
He didn't abandon them.  You have abandoned your own party and most of America!
Why do you continue to tweet about things simply to divide the nation?
It's quite simple what you're trying to do. You want to cause division within the nation and within the political system.
Do you honestly think anybody wants your endorsement? Remember the last guy you endorsed? He lost!
Nobody wants the endorsement of the most hated man on the earth...
Oh look, it's the "actress" no one's ever heard of.
As a Southwest Virginia Democrat, you are wrong Mr. President.
Trump knows about abandoning people - like the US Citizens of Puerto Rico + his own supporters - Trump attacking health care

@RalphNortham
Trump’s attacks on health care hurting Rural Hospitals
-eliminating cost sharing
-Trumpcare to destroy #Medicaid
How many billed ppl 2x's or prescrpts 2x's the price  time 2 clean house from top 2 bottom Drs 2
Ed Gillespie, like @realDonaldTrump is all about #WINNING! America will WIN, WIN, WIN!!!
Never in American history have we had a leader that is as decisive and correct!
In a world full of poor leaders, @realDonaldTrump stands as a beacon of hope and amazing leadership!

Thank you President Trump for all you are doing to put America first. You are greatly appreciated. Keep up the great work!! 
What has he done?
A lot. Do some research man.
Name 3 things then.
Renegotiating/getting rid of the Iran Nuclear Deal, dismantling Obama Care, and exposing the Left.
Bad, bad,bad. Try again
Will Trump be impeached, removed via 25th or resign? 
Google ‘Top stories’ featured false news about rumored Antifa civil war 
Trump threw a fit when his advisers tried to change his mind on Iran 
Intern at Trump campaign data firm, Cambridge Analytica, left sensitive voter targeting tools online for  1 year
Women shouldn't have right to vote says alt-right leader Richard Spencer 
Absolutely. The male race has been regressing for quite awhile now. #evolve already!
Your endorsement seals the deal for his failure.
 you're sweating it arent you Dave. Are you worried abt Weinstein Dave?
Hahahahaha douchbag
@AnarchoBadass
Ed Gillespie wont let people down just as YOU have not let people down Translation for the morons...he WILL let people down
. Lol
Eat it!

Dump these leftist democrats. We need more Constitution fewer ConArtists.  VA must elect ED GILLESPIE.
Yeah right
That’s 2 swamplings Trump has campaigned for in recent weeks

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/15/opinion/columnists/trump-spite-obama-legacy.html?mtrref=t.co&gwh=A4B14A68C8D0F4BCE3DCE3843800789D&gwt=pay&assetType=opinion …
@EdForVirginia @EdWGillespie is a lobbyist w/no interest in #Virginia citizens & will always choose party over country #ResistanceUnited
Same shit Trump said about "Big Luther" before Luther lost.
God trump is sooooo ugly omg
Ed must be giving you a reach-around
We've been abandoned by our president (lower case "p" intended).
Say it ain't so, Donnie Boy'O!
Such BS
#25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow
Sorry I live in the south west and Disagree. We are not all redneck racists here looking to convert to Confederate/slave days @EdWGillespie
Death count in Puerto Rico due to Maria has quadrupled since @POTUS gave himself a big thumbs up for holding down hurricane fatalities.
The President of Puerto Rico abandoned them also. Very sad!

yes he will..let you down
come mental  midget
Says the father of lies.
I guess Virginians didn’t want healthcare, Medicare or Medicaid thanks to Donald Trump and Republicans. Sad.
What does your boss, #Tillerson say, Donny?
WHY DON'T U TRY TWEETING SOMETHING HELPFUL AND HEALING RATHER THAN ALWAYS COMR OFF LIKE A BATTERING RAM Without  A BRAIN OR SOUL. GOD H8s U
More than 100 psychologists marched in NYC today demanding Trump's removal based on his mental instabilities
You thé King  of injustice
I taught i taw A Mexican!... President Tweety bird

Call ACME we need a wall!
I guess not in the way you did lol
And you'll just delete all your tweets supporting him once he loses, like you did with Luther Strange.
Let me screenshot this tweet cuz you’ll delete it once he loses like you did with Luther 
Yes vote for the racist choice!!!
I realize you're busy playing golf and tweeting, but California is on fire.
All republicans let everyone down! That why the economy does better under anyone other than a republican
Ha, ha, ha, yeah right...if he takes a page from you of all people he will fail miserably, guaranteed!
There not democrats they are labrules they I want to flood our country with the Enemy
Go to hell
Look at this fit, sane & SMART guy.
Hurts don't it Donnie boy 

And with your endorsement, he will never get elected. #NoOneLikesYou
... like “The Great I Am did!”
Another lie about Gillespie and some not running against him. Trump you do nothing but lie who can trust you
I hope to God he loses.
You are a delusional twat
PRESIDENT OBAMA
How about AMERICANS being abandoned by their President!
Stop tweeting & actually DO SOMETHING to help PUERTO RICO!!
You don't speak for us #KeepVirginiaBlue
https://goo.gl/zkEzkp  https://goo.gl/vWsYRc  https://goo.gl/AcXQw3 
Egg
Hahahahahahahaha
I’m just”BRAGGIN’”right,you only retweet my”stupidity”(LOVE FOR COUNTRY”)”...

So the Dems abandoned Virginia the way you abandoned your daughter Tiffany? Not eve a tweet for her birthday?
Liar! Can't wait for Mueller!!
Dude the only one being abandoned is you when you open your mouth!
King of Americas Divide. Congrats!
Fake News.
With your support looks like he will let his  commonwealth down.. Your bad news your own party is abandoning you.. Your losing big time!
Gillespie looks like a long shot. Isn't he part of that swamp you were supposed to drain? You may want to see if the Russians can help.
“It must be cold and miserable standing in the shadow of someone greater  and smarter, more loved and more  admired.”
Your endorsement is toxic, like your ideology & probably your breath.
No one wants to get near any of it.
DONT COME TO VA WE DONT WANT YALL HERE  we like all the other 44 presidents  return to DC or wherever u come from
You're one to talk about being abandoned by a party, Republicans are starting to see the truth about you.
@Potus don't forget NEW JERSEY !!!  Save NJ from becoming a SANCTUARY STATE #SaveNewJersey
Go to hell Donal trump
America has been abandoned by its President
#TickTock #ClockworkTrump Your days are numbered Get ready for the #ImpeachTrumpTrain The whistles are blowing. #TrumpIsAThief TrumpRussia
Stay out of our state. We don’t want you here.
Well you just ruined his chances. Lol


The GOP is tried and full of old white men, where the lot of them r racist!
True not true ??? The country has left you   Thinking  you  will be tossed out soon we will only take so much impeach Russia, 25 th amend
Talk about abandoning your party, you were a democrat until you decided to run for potus & knew you never make it as a democrat! #dems2wise
you are a joke
Just eat a battered sausage Donny and everything will be fine..  
PLEASE STOP LYING!
like you?
I love you, all the Presidents of USAs. The Indians. And the Old Greeks. Akis. Everywhere you  are Going  look to the Sky. Day and Night. 
SW Virginia Democrats are rare, and they are smart enough to vote in their interests. They also are squared against Gillespie!
You have abandoned them.  No health care
Repubs have abandoned the USA. Care only for $$ no matter where it comes from. Russia's been mighty generous hasn't it donny??
They haven't been abandoned by anyone but you and your genocidal agenda.
Your a walking, talking pair of clown shoes.
Eddie dont want you
http://goo.gl/xbKgHh 
if he's anything like you we don't need or want him make America Great Again how about it was never great get it together
Virginians in Southwest Virginia He promised the mines would reopen. Promised better & cheeper Medical coverage. cut Medicade,  forgot
Medicade for your children.  You really believe POTUS?   You really trust him & his Republican party
Just like how u abandoned PR
You do every day
Can you prioritize your impeachment above everything!!!?
Esse é um sostenho moral muito grande e positivo para uma populaçâo vítimas de calamidade Natural 
If he is a republican he has already let us all down! the fascism that infests the GOP is the ENEMY of all America. Exhibit A- Donald trump
戦争反対(* ´ ▽ ` *)
The so called Potus has abandoned the people in favour of genocide, murder and war to enrich himself against the desires of the majority.
Divisive statement
FAKE NEWS
For 10mo you have been a let down
You have abandoned the people of our country,  you only care about the 2%
Its 2% b/c Trump Organization does not make the 1%?
Congratulations Mr. President...I understand former president Carter feels you have been treated unfairly. Sees no Russian interference!
Dona, I don't think they'll be able to pay for Ed's unique services.It's true he'll never let you "down", unless you pay him to go down. 
OK
Ed really wants you to stop tweeting about you. I, on the underhand love it. #Northamforgovernor
Just like all the citizens of the USA have been abandoned by you and the rest of the GOP who can’t do anything for ALL our good!
