time to return  ChurchIll's bust to White House
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/posts/10158567643610725 …...
Really ticks me off @Twitter is suppressing the # of RT's.—
 I RT'd this yesterday and voilá UN-RT'd today!@realDonaldTrump @calRINOhunter
AND DON'T SAY YOU AREN'T @Twitter I KNOW YOU ARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @realDonaldTrump @calRINOhunter
also Un-RT's in your 'Likes' or 'faves' or whatever the hell you wanna call it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!@realDonaldTrump @calRINOhunter
@realDonaldTrump go Trump i flew recently and protest at airport looks like it was normal !!!
AKA "My backpedal on saying this isn't a Muslim ban when I already said I'd ban Muslims" Oops.
And don't think we haven't caught on to the fact that you make these statements on Facebook because you want more "Likes"
Be afraid Donny, you can't avoid stairs forever
worst president ever.
You're doing perfectly. Keep it up, Mr. President!
The media has sugar coated what Obama has done so people are oblivious to reality and people cannot deal with the truth.
IT DOES NOT MATTER AT THIS POINT WHAT YOU SAY. YOU ARE GUILTY OF TREASON AND SEDITION. YOU NEED TO BE IMPEACHED AND REMOVED
The man who triggered the world.
muslims don't have 1st amendment
you're going to be stopped
Who wrote that statement? It was far too coherent to have been written by Orange POTUS, and it wasn't written in Crayon.
They r being told in NY to use hash tag Brooklyn Resist to alert people in their clicks.TPS & DACA info.Congresswomen Clark
Are we supposed to believe your fake news?
Your words mean nothing. Your actions, reprehensible. Your punishment - IMPEACHMENT IMMEDIATELY!
Why did you not add Saudi Arabia to the list?
It's almost as if you're just pandering w/o taking action that could have negative repercussions for you.
that is a great Facebook post you didn't write
More lies from Illegitimate administration with worst west wing occupants ever!
your homework. Write 375 times "i will not be Putin's puppet and plot to destroy the USA" #youarejustapawn #pathetic
Hang tough, we got your back!
thank you
as always, I'm behind you 100% Making AMERICA great again.
Guns kill 30,000 more people per year in the US than terrorism. Why aren't we banning guns?
We know you didn't write it! No exclamation marks! Sad! @realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump @TradeTexasBig You just want to claim credit for something that has already been done by others.

Quelle surprise!
good job!
Your statement amounts to fake news. Protests like this not seen since Vietnam era. Real Americans will not stand for this
so that's a firm recanting of this from your website then, eh? https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-j.-trump-statement-on-preventing-muslim-immigration … Might be time to clarify your views
Make American great again  !
thank you , for protecting us.
You should extremely vet my asshole, daddy @realDonaldTrump
such vulgarity used. But yet you expect us to believe what you believe. Vulgarity and sin. I'm not into that
Your sympathy for refugees extends so far that you are unwilling to take in a single one of them from Syria.
I have never read such a collection of unselfconscious lies and self-serving bullshit in my life.
Germany has taken in a million refugees from Syria. Europe as a whole, many more. You instead have fueled hate about them.
Germany is a rapist haven.....
fewer rapes there than in the US per capitaZ
Stop it with your bigotry and H8.
And an aversion to logic?
Hey fake Brad! At least get 4 followers before you start trolling.
I don't have the personality.
You are a racist and I suspect suffering from mild to moderate dementia. #25thAmendment #PissPOTUS #TheResistance
Racist= most overused word in the English language.
A troll I may be, but not a racist one. Some of my best friends have been minorities.
We see your blatant logical fallacies, like the "historical fallacy" regarding @BarackObama.
please eleaborate why are those situations different ?
The difference was a clear orderly execution that did not detain LEGAL visa holders ... arresting innocent peoole.
Zero attacks were carried out by people from these countries, but by citizens of the 4 you have business interests in.
You didn't ban the 4 you have interests in, though, because you are a corrupt and gross person.
You are a pathological liar, a demagogue, a hopeful tyrant and the worst President in American history. In 8 days.
You have desecrated what America stands for and fomented hatred everywhere. You are vile and despicable.
thousands of refugees or even just one and like I said save that it's our duty bullshittt it makes me puke
because being a decent person in life should be a priority.  People like you make ME puke
The "decent" thing to do is take care of our own citizens first.
Your mom must have a really loud bark!
stand your ground mr. President you are correct
# robin. Thank you
I'd like a true democracy. Fight for Americans by withholding a fair and just system that used to be a model for the world
maybe they will discuss the fact Russia helped you win the election? Trumpo the Orange Special Snowflake
Wa state wants to block travel ban- make them file 1 Billion$ bond for damages if terrorist gets through wa. Airport!!
no explanation needed. this is one of many reasons we hired the best man in nation for this job.
"Tremendous feeling", huh? 
Rohhhh... t'es fatiguant!!
At least you finally have something to be defensive about other than #fakenews and illegal voters. #onetrickpony
our ancestors spent almost a year on Ellis Island being vetted. When did we stop.
He took away the dual visa agreements where people could travel between countries without visas after San Bernadino
if it's NOT a Muslim ban then why did Giuliani thrw u under the bus saying "He told me to put togther a Muslim ban legally"
I'm so PROUD of our @POTUS & @VP Congratulations finally we have a Leader who is protecting America & Christians God Bless
Your fired.
so you paid some extremist to blow up Muslim sanctuaries in Canada... never happened before.
I am also concerned about immigrants, but I understand our dilemma financially and our safety. Keep up the good work!
Your breath stinks so bad that it destroyed half the ozone layer.
You are an extreme knucklehead.
Disgusting
YOU are NOT my president. You fail to mention just how this decision will impact the safety of Americans world wide. YOU LIE!
Extreme Vetting - Buy a dictionary or thesaurus. You have vocabulary of a 15 year old boy. Embarrassing. @POTUS
we need extreme vetting.  We have seen horrible things that were happening with the other one.
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
Fascist
Must be done. Appeasement policies are just PC policies. Obama was Neville Chamberlain with Iran. Dems w/ ISIS. Won't work.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
what about Saudia Arabia? Pakistan?... these two have factually be proven to fund and harbor know terrorists ??
doesn't matter what idiots like Jeremy say.  Keep on doing what you know is best
If brains were made of gold, you and your family would be beggars.
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
Dear president my GOD help you understand!
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
Are you also banning countries that you have businesses in? Isn't this a conflict of interest? This is a ban on religion!!!
Mr. President, the  American majority recognize and applaud your commitment to making our country SAFE again. Thank you.
I wish we would take care of our homeless and vets in the USA and then worry about others. AMERICA 1ST
You  ARE  a  " HEARTLESS. ANIMAL"
During WW2, U.S. was all tight abs and good hair. Now we shit our pants as we yell that our nurse is stealing our money.
Help the War Orphans?  Their are many.
Keep up the GOOD WORK, Mr. President - we will stand behind making America SAFE again! Naysayers are paid Soros thugs.
Soros is spending big bucks.
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
#AmericaFirst !
hatchrite Xtreme Xtreme venting very extreme don't give in don't soften up it is all about Golden Spoon
#FakeNews
Tomi Skewers “FAKE NEWS” Media for Calling Trump Order “Muslim Ban”
you sir are a joke complete joke
#Twitter is really not the appropriate place for this. Grow up and act like a world leader not an attention seeking child
Tom Coates and Jeremy  Botter wonder if they are even real personas, paid by Soros or in an NSA office.
FAKE PRESIDENT
Go Donald. Vet them fully. Don't listen to the liberal lies
what kind of President is too much.of a wimp to hold a press conference. Instead you tweet....lol pathetic
yes that 5 year old looked scary you TRAITOR 
RUDY TOLD US
ThankYou for sharing this informative,reasonable explanation to educate all of us.Continue to have great faith in youMAGA
- As everyone who is paying attention knows, extreme vetting is unconstitutional.  #PleasebePresidential.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
God bless and protect President Trump and his family and God please shield Barron from the idiots in the US.
Jeremy bitter you aren't American,go live in Russia
Extreme vetting , code words for discrimination against Muslims!
Hollywood and the left DO NOT REPRESENT AMERICANS. They DO NOT HAVE OUR BEST INTEREST
-This ban, BASED on YOUR PREV BIASED RHETORIC, looks like, sounds like, talks like, walks like a MUSLIM ban! It's not?
- We HAVE been protecting citizens from your 7 nations = ZERO deaths. NOT on your list - SA=2369, UAE=369, Egypt=162 dead.
do you need the vetting process to take three years now? Four? Two years seems like a good amount of time
Wise words. For an idiot at least.
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
have U noticed that not 1 single person from these 7 countries has ever harmed much less killed an American?   But Saudia
#YouAreAnAss
are you going to send your wife back to her country
If Australia has done  an extreme vetting of this immigrants. Why are these immigrants being on a island. They fear THEM!!!
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
You are the first President who didn't lie to us a candidate.
I know how you got so rich. Yo momma's so fat,when she wore high heels,she struck oil
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
take a day off and give your head a good soaking!
vetting has a perfect record from those countries, ban not required to enhance the perfect record
This is on Trump. Stop trying to weasel out of this one DT. A disastrous decision own it Trump.
Long live the British empire
good decision. Thanks
I would say that the current two year vetting IS extreme vetting. But who are you to know what the current standards are?
for your Extreme Wetting problem I recommend either using Depends or just swallowing all of it
