
So what? Not even keeping pace with Obama's job growth.

From someone who promised JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!?
Don't forget! The graphic includes the words, "So far." It's a cliffhanger.
That's right! Don't forget to tune in to next month's episode of Crazy Uncle President Destroys the Economy, exclusively on Trump TV! 
I love how these #TrumpSupporters act like the number was at zero until he got into office. Economists say it's @BarackObama continued.
Well, guess that depends who you listen to, kind of like polls! Only as good as the info inputted!
The first 8 months were still in Obama's fiscal period. That's why your news SUX! #IMPEACHTRUMP #MUELLERTIME #THEGOPSUX
Context matters.
Jobs added Jan-Sep (in Thou)
2011 1,532
2012 1,620
2013 1,785
2014 2,204
2015 1,881
2016 1,797
2017 1,198
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics
Jobs added Jan-Sep (in Thou)
2011 1,532
2012 1,620
2013 1,785
2014 2,204
2015 1,881
2016 1,797
2017 1,198
How about monthly average from Jan-Sep for the last 7 years?
2011 170.2
2012 180.0
2013 198.3
2014 244.9
2015 209.0
2016 199.7
2017 148.2
How many were added same time last year. Its the Obama effect fake fox.
The job growth is still from @BarackObama presidency
@realDonaldTrump 
If Obama's administration did this it would have been plastered all over. Where's Trump's congratulations!
Obama administration DID do this last 6 mo of 2016. 1st 6 mo. Last 6 mo of 2015. And so on. It's not only not historic it's below others.

right..... but you do realize the numbers have to go down because the US is approaching full employment ?
You are all the worst
#Fake45 #Impeach45 @POTUS @realDenaldTrump
So many things wrong, he got 1 million not millions and made that into billions didn't just spend it
This is false. Facts matter.
Less than Obama years.
Good thing cuz a person needs three of these low paying jobs to make ends meet.
RT @FoxNews: Jobs added during @POTUS' time in office. ...
Serious question: Why do so many of you lie so much? I will Pray for you guys.
BLS stands for BuLlShit
Orange Blob does not get credit for ANY growth until after a year in office.
That taking the piss how many ppl doses it take to be in offices
I added 3 new jobs !  LOL
Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha Hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha 
Would you like cheese with that? Kind a jobs...
Oh yeah? What about today? What about #equalPay? What about getting compassion?
Job growth slumps in August
Okay I get it now. You people just really get off on lying.. America will have the last laugh
Hahaha! And what about my 401k I wonder???  There is a huge atmosphere shift of hope in my nieghborhood! Everyone thinking of inovative poss
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence #American People would like Acosta to do an investigation on how Obama & BLS were able to Fake the Jobs Nos.
Meanwhile, the young work force got lazy! Now seeing young folks getting excited about their future, getting jobs! Many now loving working!
Fixing #fanniegate will create thousands of jobs not to mention pull our Constitution out of the swamp. Need to expose Obama's theft!
Who is the fool who wrote this. They bailed them out taking 240 billion ti soend as the seem fit return fir tax payers money.
Fake fox
And the 6 mo before he took office. Just as much or more. And 6 mo b4. And 6 mo b4. As much or more. not him.
Did what he said he would, not done yet... Way to Go!!
Thanks Obama!
Yesss 
400,000 less than Obama same period.
"FAIL" 4 ALL hashtags here (August 6, 2017; 23:30 EDT) #RUSSIAGATE #FOXnewsus #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
again, THEY FAIL 2 admit (August 6, 2017; 23:30 EDT) #RUSSIAGATE #FOXnewsus #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
ok, but... (August 6, 2017; 23:30 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
While hundreds of thousands in the retail sector are being lost, which helps out avg Americans (your voters). # doesn't account for that!

@FoxNews i do not believe trump added those kind of job numbers
Well below Obama's jobs numbers from the same time period his last 3 years!! And well below GW Bush & Clinton's numbers in their last 2!!
But to be fair, those are mostly cabinet members...
Hahaha! @CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost @MSNBC @NPR what's the truth? Can't believe Fox & Trumps #alternativefacts #decreasedpay #cutbenefits
How come so many are still unemployed in the black community?????
Congratulations on your efforts to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN THROUGH JOB CREATION!
Show the evidence. Where specifically are these jobs and in what sector?  I would suspect service jobs at minimum wage.
Those jobs will be replaced by emigrants if you do not fix the regional problems like venezuela. Act now, Rusians and  chinese r controlling
Nope NEVER TAKE YOUR WORD. YOU LIE.
Hey Eric , we created more jobs than that the 6 months before he took office
I'd love to see the actual hard data to back this up
The fiscal year ends in September! THANKS @BarackObama !!!!
Give me a break! Are you counting his friends.
Thanks President Obama!
What kind of jobs ? 
What wages?
Create jobs with hemp
#FakeNews lol
FAKE NEWS! #fakenews
This is horribly incorrect and inaccurate. Ya'll are nothing but liars, liars, and liars. #ImpeachTrumpAndPence #ImpeachTrump
Jobs associated with ANY bill from the GOP or the Tangerine #FakePresident: ZERO.
Latina 4 Trump!!!... Good job Mr Trump!!
Lol, you poor misguided person. He didn't do this, his fiscal year starts in October. 
and not one because of anything you did. you need to figure out how the system works.
Help me please read this book "HONESTO MEXICANO A DONALD TRUMP" and together we can building a new nation. America first again and forever
All the liberals who predicted the market would crash if Trump won:
Hahahahaha
Yes for USA
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO this is Obama's fiscal year still, pudz. PUTUS has only slowed the growth. BRING BACK COAL! Laughing stock

MAGA MAGA MAGA!
The final tally is in: 11.3 million new jobs were created under President Obama.
Plus all of the ones that have been created under Trump, cause he sure as hell hasn't done anything to make any jobs.
Just 200,000 fewer than the year before ineffective @realDonaldTrump became worst @POTUS ever.
Thank you, President OBAMA!!!
unlikely and sans proof

How many did he lay off in Atlantic city with his hotel and casinos
That's pretty much the same as the 1,084,000 jobs created during President Barack Obama's last six months in office

And you think this has anything to do with that nutball??
BULLSHIT
https://youtu.be/0STS7HBi5Cw 　　 http://p.twipple.jp/cLzQx 

@FoxNews @POTUS
https://youtu.be/0STS7HBi5Cw 
A few WNs lost their jobs over the wknd. U probably will 2 when ur nazism is outed.
BACK ON !
GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP AND GOD BLESS AMERICA! 
WOW THAT IS AMAZING
all these jobs r occurring from initiatives ur predecessor @Barack_Obamma initiated right? We r not that stupid but apparently u think we r
Obama did that. You are coasting on his momentum. 2 years.... well hopefully you are gone by then.
Prez got me 4 jobs! I now work 75 hours a week! My paycheck is $300! I am so friggin amazed! Thank you trumpkins! Mmmwaah!
F'ing lie. Fox can't stop lying.
FAKE NEWS!
That's the average amount but uh okay
Considering nothing has been put into effect by Trump yet, & we're still going off of Obama's deals next few months. Sure, "thanks" Don.
Sure thing Kiiiiiddddddddddddddd
Is it weird that I only saw the shirt and knew who the picture was of?
Maybe a little bit. But he does have a very distinct shape.
How many were govt positions vs private (value drain vs value add)?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS making places for new slaves good fucking job
Amazing. Amazing.
#Lies #FakeNews #FakePresident
Actually, it's 203,144 jobs. Nice try, though. How's that Kool-Aid working for you?
Fake news
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS counting the revolving door on his staff?
Come on fox. You know this is policies of Obama. Drumphs policies and their effect won't been seen until at least September. Dummies.
Lies lies and more lies
Look at all those jobs added!  Thanks Obama!!
Thank you Obama!!!!
once again fake and not by him stated way before but you guys don't do real news except sex  the ladies report on that
Still less than Obama
are these part time jobs or livable wages jobs?
And renewable energy outstrips fossil fuel, so coal is dead
Again must be #alternativefacts!! #LOL
Thank you President Obama!
Good
Americans dead, dying, or suffering with no relief from no access to healthcare 23 MILLION 
Half of Obama's stats. Losers.

@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Thanks Obama@
And done with decreasing debt, and not doubling it...
Really? Because all I've been seeing where I'm from is people losing their jobs left and right, getting their hours cut and salaries dropped
@TeamTrump @POTUS the best president for United States
Thanks Obama!  The gift that keeps on giving!
Very good!
I love fox news, but lawyer Jeanine turns me off so much,she  dressed like a street walker, and is so bias, isn't a judge supposed to beopen
90% of those are fact-checker positions for organizations that are trying to keep up with all your bullsh*t... #IdiotInChief
The Trump presidency is having far reaching effects on employment. I found inspiration and a job, because of Trump's new America, in Canada.
Unlike @POTUS44, he inherited a growing economy. Let's see if he keeps Republican tradition and takes us into a recession.
Uhmmm well that's great and all but uh we still need A MASTERS, 5 YEARS EXPERIENCE, SELLING OF THE SOUL. To get one....
Thank you president Obama
Thank Obama for 80% of them. How is Fox News still operating. Racists sexual predators!
MAGA!
Thanks, President Obama! Twitler had nothing to do with it.
This is #fakenews
I haven't met one of them yet.
Thanks Obama! 
Not true! Can't even hire us citizens for his golf course. Seeking visa immigrants..explanation pls!! @gop #ImpeachTrump
These are not even extraordinary #s. Fairly average...
All the 9$ hour jobs you want to workok
What a bunch of horse shit
You know that this is the 81st consecutive increase in as many months, right?! Are you trying to take credit for Obama's work AGAIN?
Where is this report? I cannot find these stats on the site.
ALL of which he had ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to do with creating
Thanks Obama!

#TrumpLies - he hasn't passed one iota of legislation for jobs or otherwise so zero credit goes to #DONALDTRUMPPIECEOFSHIT 
Fake news
THe Product of Obama's economy.  Trump's ties are made in Bangledesh,

Bullshit!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Wow, not to far below the number of jobs created by Obama this time last year.  Fox & News is an oxymoron.
Bravo to President Trump and Administration!! Keep up the good work and thank you!!
I still have many concerns about the "bubble"
Just cause 1mil jobs were added during @POTUS's presidency so far, doesn't mean @POTUS did anything to create them. Thank @POTUS44 for them.
Your numbers are ALWAYS FAKE. YOUR FAKE. Take you and your family and go away. FAR AWAY
You added an extra letter L in the source.
Is BLS short for bullshit?
You realize 80% are probably carry over from the Obama era right?
Far from catching up with Obamas record job creations!! Lol good luck with that!
Thanks Obama!

BLS stands for BULLSHIT in this case.
I STILL do not have a JOB, Mr. President. I am LONG TERM unemployed & looking
Retweeting the least reputable news source about the least reputable president on the least reputable social media. SAD!
Not so fast
