Your staff: We call Trump the Two-Minute Man.
Ivana, Marla, and Melania (@FLOTUS ): HAHAHAHA! He wishes.

mmm. Must have happened in a vacuum. Slipping...
Keep riding Os wave
We need to be wise consumers. Buy American!
Thanks Obama
Our confidence you'll be impeached is at 100%, dummy!!
Thanks to President Obama for starting the upswing that for some reason Trump thinks he can take credit for.



Winning


The Market says otherwise

This is the Trump-Economy! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs as far as the eye can see!
America's economy is our secret weapon is gaining influence around the world
President Trump's approval is at an all-time high with Hispanics!
America is WINNING AGAIN, thanks to President Trump's unrelenting leadership in a town known for do-nothing politicians
Fire McMaster
Why aren't you mentioning that your threats to NK caused stock 2 dip?
The people are still waiting on Healthcare and Tax reform,

Thanks Obama!!
God Bless America!! 
Trump is winning for America. Lefties don't see it because they're losers.
How does it feel to be you?
Thanks Obama.
Never happen 8yrs better get used to it.
Comfortable...  If you're a simpleton.  But that's easy.
@adamwatson25 if it was the opposite you wouldn't complain.
http://yournewswire.com/putin-north-korean-crisis-ww3/amp/ …
This is why he trying to do www3 wake up america. NK is not what their saying wakeup
Dear President,  I believe if you invite Kim to Mira Lago to golf and include Michael Jordan our world would be a safer place.
Do you mean Dennis Rodman?
Too bad we can't have the comfort of knowing there is a sane person in the WH aka the dump.

Alabamans Vote for Brooks a real conservative! Don't let McConnel and his super PAC buy this election. Show them you have had enough!
Says the guy who hires people from other countries during "made in America week". And let Putin fire 755 Americans...

#Traitor
Thank you President Obama! You're legacy lives on.
We still under Obamas budget?  Ya thought so.  How's ur 45% approval rating lol.
#MAGA
Thanks for beginning to honor your campaign promises. Something previous administration's fail to do namely Barack Hussein Obummer.
Mr President
I try to buy American made products, but are they being made by Americans or illegals?  American worker made for Americans
Fake News!
get things done my butt - you have been / are an epic failure # resistance
Tax reform- The only 2 words in the English language that matter from the @POTUS
Literally the future of the planet rests in the hands of a man who in mentally instable and egotistically challenged.
You truly believe that you have something to do with an economy that Obama repaired.
With your secretary who knew all your secrets now talking, you are utterly screwed!
Quit trying to convince Americans that you have done anything good for this country.  You HAVE NOT!  You've hurt us tremendously!
You don't belong in the White House, and you don't belong a free man!
Consumer confidence in Donald Trump is 0%. Easy-D is about to get us all nuked.
Psalm 149:4
For the #Lord takes #pleasure in His #people; He will beautify the #humble with #salvation.
Do you seriously think that "god" is in favour of a bigoted, xenophobic, illiterate narcissist?
Dude.....
Proverbs 13:3
He who guards his #mouth preserves his #life, But he who opens wide his #lips shall have [1/2]
3 Years, 5 Months, 8 Days, 20 Hours, 17 Minutes, and 14 Seconds
We all may be gone sooner than that if nuclear war breaks out.
I wonder if Trump is talking about consumer confidence for all the products he and his robber baron friends make overseas.
I wonder if obama thinks about all the money he gave to terrorists in Iran
I wonder which one of you is Trump and which one is #TrumpChicken.
I don't care who you are, that was damn funny!!!
Tax reform, deregulation, American optimism, promoting domestic companies etc..

The #AmericaFirst agenda is what this economy needed. #MAGA
After years of Obama strangling businesses with over regulation & high taxes, we finally have a president that is putting AMERICA FIRST!
And making big corps richer! Which they'll never trickle down! Been here, some that but since @POTUS doesn't read, I guess he doesn't know
Awesome. Now Lock her up!
"Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism" via Bloomberg ...
Subaru-no lemon law,186 break , Tow, 4inches raining out the fuse panel,locks broke,door misfit, ignition,tires,brakes,Bomb-bags11,000mi
HAHAHA Carrier jobs gone. Liar In Chief.
Tell congress to pas a law regarding immigration. Do your job now. Shameless
NFL players mashing their wives .
But now media calls them Heroes for taking a knee.
Not if you ask a Dem. the country is in trouble and Trump is failing, NOT the country is doing better than ever and the left is not interested in America first but Dem first. O sad wake up America.

#EricBolling: "Donald Trump
is your president get use to it" 
Small wonder a person fired for sending lewd messages to a female coworker supports trump! Probably thinks it's ok to gab women by the...too
Thanks Obama for rescuing us from the economic disaster created by a republican president.
Why dont YOU sell AMERICAN only products 'Mr' Trump? It starts with YOU!!!
So many American jobs crreated and filled if only U & fam did business in America  Also abuse HB-1 visas.
Trump platform. Place all troubles and blame onto personal fears and allow them to act out those fears. Never finds fault in self.
Thank you, President Obama!
Trump's white supremacist have freely beat & killed ppl since Nov 9th, 45 IS SILENT. In Virginia they are now BEATING CLERGY will 45 SPEAK?
It's high after tanking with GW Bush and then Obama's policies gave us 8 yrs of growth. Thank Obama for the good numbers.
Thank the path that the last administration set the economy on. Don't think that you threw the switch Donny. You are not the reason.
Which you had nothing to do with.

Look in Wikipedia for the phrase "riding the coattails".  In your case, former President Obama!  He #MAGA
Angry men, dislocated from society, radicalized online, embraced by a community, promised glory & honor. Not ISIS, see #Charlottesville
Trump has managed to encapsulate all our anger and fears into vented action by encouraging bias and paranoia to thrive freely.
You should doing what your banner says - you hire illegals in your properties and then crow Hire American.  Hypocrite
#TrumpRussia doesn't practice what he preaches #LiarInChief #MuellerTime #FakePresident #MoneyLaundering #TrumpRussiaMoneyLaundering #Resist
#Resist #TrumpRussia #MuellerTime #FollowTheMoney #FireIvanka #MoneyLaundering #TrumpTrafficking #FakePresident #LiarInChief #WeakPOTUS
Lol Don Stop
Meanwhile U hire immigrants, have your retail made in China!  LIAR, LIAR!  FBI will expose Ur corruption, collusion, getting close to $$$$
do you beat Melanoma , she looks so unhappy
Americans don't want to work the fields and pick fruits and vegetables under a blazing sun!! 85% of us, yes american are lazy doing labor
How you can stand there in front of a sign w/ those words takes the most self-absorbed, egotistical, narcissistic person. NOT a role model
Nope. Not factual.
Buy American, Hire American!  Except at Trump-owned businesses, then get H2-B Visas & hire immigrants at $14/hour or under. #ArtoftheDouche
Once again you have done nothing we had a REAL president  @POTUS44. You will never come close to Pres Obama.
Thanks @BarackObama !!!!
Thats is Total Bullshit!
Thanks, Obama!!
And boycott anything made in China! Those Chinese bastards said they'd choose North Korea instead of the USA!
Because of POTUS 44
Is that hire American as in don't hire a an immigrant......
Donald, it's time to thank President Obama for making it that way. You certainly had nothing to do with it!
Shut up! North Carolina!! Say something! Do something!
douche.
Love that sign even though all Trump products are made over seas. Except maga hats...sad.
Buy American? Guess we shouldn't buy Trump products!

Another "do as I say, not as I do" tweet. Hire USA for Mar-a-Lago, make Trump branded goods. Stop giving away Visas to investors!
Buy American, Hire American starts at home. If you did it, you'd already know that.
Unless you are Trump. The king of MADE IN CHINA products. Daughter included. NON ELECTED daughter.
Then why fire 700 diplomats Trump???
Thank Obama
#Yehright  
You need to call in #NationalGuard in #Charlottesville #today - it's going to #explode - no #pun intended...
Thanks you Obama!  The best president!!
滚犊子
This means folks won't be buying your family products (Made in China).
Why is ALL your TRUMP MERCHANDISE MADE OVERSEAS?
No thanks to you...
Where is the fake news..
You realize most of us know you're not a "magic man." We know you've taken responsibility for others' accomplishments all your life.
It's not your doing trump , it's president Obama . Quit taken credit for the economy .
buy American? What about Ivanka's crap?
Unfortunately for you, the gains in employment have been for the educated non-Trump supporters.  Trump supporters are still unemployed.
says the owner of a Chinese made line...
How about you making products in the USA and hiring American citizens ar Mar a Lago
The momentum started under Obama...
Thank you @POTUS we love you as much as you love us & America! Keep up the great job you're doing! God bless you & God bless America 
so,you and @IvankaTrump are making all your products in America now?
Hey, Charlottesville? Think you can do your job?
you didn't sign one legislation who had an impact on these statistic , you are LYING again ..SURPRISE
You did NOTHING but divide cyber bully and sign legislation that harms the earth u have NO idea how this country wrks#TWEETERELLA
Sounds like very good news!
Very proud! Thank you!
Be an example to the World.
Most follow US blindly.
SuperPower for good.
Respect
It's at a high cause most people think you're going to end the world one way or another, so they're buying all the shit they've ever wanted.
THANKS OBAMA!!!!!
THANKS OBAMA!!
You are at an all time LOW in the history of the USA. Take that and digest it for a while.

Any gains u may have made, that aren't really POTUS44, r going to hell in wake of yr horrible attitude re: N Korea and now Venezuela too 
I will take some of what your smoking so I can pretend you don't exist
why are you personally  not doing this?????????
MUST REALLY CHAP YOUR PANTIES THAT A WOMAN, APPOINTED BY OBAMA CONTROLS YOUR ECONOMIC PURSE STRINGS. AND SHE IS RESPONSIBLE
So we should stop buying all of your and Ivanka's merchandise...MADE IN CHINA
Quit saying stupid stuff apologize from Oval Office ,denounce KKK,white supremacy!
NO "very fine people" on racist side! Evil's not fine

You have done more in your 1st quarter as President  for our Country than anyone would ever know about if it was # left up to the #FakeMedia
The Trump effect continues to get American workers back into much needed jobs @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #DTS #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp
When will Ivanka bring her production back to USA?
Definitely #FakeNews #WeThePeople are #SCAREDSHITLESS #25thAmmendmentNow
Your economic policies don't start until Oct, so thanks to Pres Obama.
And it has nothing to do with the "0" major pieces of legislation you help pass!

Unfortunately the rest of our security is more than shaky because of your ill informed words
If we took out five of the people of color in this photo it would look like the group at Charlottesville.
Thank you Obama
Bull shit!
obama  still  stealing  your  thunder.  Boom!  Still  can't  catch up  to him. You never will
support law enforcement, Pres.Trump, vets, military, and those who serve  support law and order
https://www.facebook.com/supportingleos/ 
The US dollar is at an all time low,  #thankstrump
Would to buy America from mountains to shining seas but need some other cent
a successful united state's makes for a successful Canada, thank you, Mr. Trump, you are going to make Canada great again as well CHEERS.
#thanksobama
Buy America - Hire America from a guy who gets ALL HIS PRODUCTS MADE OVERSEAS.   SHAME ON YOUR LYING!
U r a bum!
You're doing an amazing job! 
This is the Trump, Pence, Bannon, Miller, Gorka, and GOP CROWD:
take your own advice #DonaldTrump I have some of your clothes they aren't #American made
Same with all your other hotel and golf course employees. What is this? Do as I say, not as I do? YES. Because you are always above others
Buy American, unless it's Trump brand and then buy Bangladesh!  Buy Chinese!
you are delusional   and a fake
Send this photo to your daughter.

Buy American / hire American starts with YOU and your family. Hypocrite.
My hair looks perfect today right?
You'll hire American at Mar-a-Lago, right?
Thank you President Obama!
#EvilEvilMan
I'm at a 16 year low myself
Thanks Obama! Obama's economy until Sept 30, 2017. You would know this if you knew anything.
Way the go my fellow Americans!!!
형... 이제 시간이 됐어

지구를 떠날시간이야....
형의 우쥬적 미친짓은 지구를 떠나서 해...응
you should thank Obama for that. Your clearly riding in his coat tails.
Yes! Thank you, Real President Obama! #coattails #delusional #embarrassment
Economy was strong before you arrived.  You've done nothing, but destroy America.
Thank you Mr Pres♡♡♡!
Thank you President Obama! !!! #25thAmendmentNow  @realDonaldTrump
