There is a big chance that the phone used to make that tweet was made in China.
No not u HIM. Lol
Do not worry Ian we have our own home grown seemly crass harmless buffoon.. Both very dangerous.
& if u follow the puppet. U r A muppet.. lol a multi $ that slags China of 4 making$. come on world r u that stupid. pres co. ex
Oriental women are beautiful. 
She looks like a lot of fun to be around.
Be blessed you guys. 
I am disappointed in you! You manufacture there yet complain about it! Unreal!!!

When you get free of Jewish power then talk.
Trump: China?
China: Yes?
Trump: I want the wealth of America's middle class back, that you're using to point weapons at us.
China: Waaa!
就给你打口炮的机会不多了，现在你还有主动权，过不了多久你会被大大和金三彻底遏制住，连一点反制的机会都没有了
其他国家制造核武是用来看的，但天降伟人显然是用来实战的，实战的对象就是美国。现在留给美国的时间不多了，美国人应当联合起来向川普抗议，因为不出几个月朝鲜将批量拥有搭载核弹头和化武的洲际导弹，谁都清楚洲际导弹不容易拦截，只要有一颗漏网之鱼就会让美国人死伤遍野。
China owns how much property in North America? and what percentage of the national debt? So now Russia takes over the government and China owns the Country... Please don't trip and fall on the button.
Fake AstroTurf fire incoming to Trump.

Thank you President Trump! We love you and keep praying for you & your kids!
Yeah, and I'm sure they're over the moon about you.
and Americans are very disappointed in you, Mr. President!

.@realDonaldTrump And China continues to let you cheaply produce your crappy suits there.  Dump Trump, buy USA!
3 Years, 5 Months, 21 Days, 17 Hours, 30 Minutes, and 54 Seconds
Until the SECOND term!
You got my "vote" for 2nd term, Mr. President 
nice job Nitwit!!
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a ye...
...all of your ties are made there?
Clintons gave China MERV, multiple stage, guidance systems and other technology for illegal campaign funds; High Treason!
Clintons, Carter and Obama make Benedict Arnold look like George Washington!
Jimmy Carter is happy about Obama as He is no longer the worst President of the U.S.
JIMMY knows he was a good president. You aren't very bright. Learn to think instead of tweeting nonsense.
You mean think like Brzezinski your Advisor who said "It is infinitely easier to kill a million people than control them"
I am not a kid, and you are a globalist and gave away the Panama Canal, and gave everything to China. Great thinking there Mr. President?
I remember the state of the nation when you left office, high inflation, gas prices, & Iran hostages and morale of U.S. devastated.
As much as I dislike the Carter Presidency, Carter has supported Trump against the vile and false accusations and disrespect. This is good!

可以
给他他也管不了
Jesus, give it a rest, you raving lunatic. Twitter is not the place for the president to share his most inner thoughts...
Agree @Mike_P_Williams
Agree no more!What foolish past leaders!!!hhhhh
You want a real scare? Read what he & Bannon's done to the DOE.
I'm very disappointed in your foolishness.  Fool!
As apposed to you going over there, being taught about the  conflict issue and. Munching on chocolate cake. Making a difference!!
Philippians 4:19
And my #God shall #supply all your #need according to His #riches in #glory by #ChristJesus.

中國人民也很失望。
Finally someone telling the truth! China is ruining western economy!
Quit letting them buy America! They own SO MUCH here!!! Stop!
Don't wait in China to long ..., NK need there butt kicked
American made so much money on trading with China
Take down the little brother Kim first
you (DONALD TRUMP/TRUMP) have NO right 2 be "disappointed in" ANY1 (July 29, 2017; 19:29 EDT) #RUSSIAGATE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Get a grip, grow up, this is not the appropriate venue.  Why are you still here? You are not a leader. #TrumpCrimeFamily
Please delete your twitter!
It is a well known fact that China steals technology patents from other countries.  It isn't right to have a trade agreement with them.
OK，bye！
Trump is looking to the republicans to create a healthcare bill, that he claimed to have had a better plan.
Mr. President, you can't satisfy all the people all the time, but you can satisfy some of the people some of the time. I'm satisfied #MAGA
Nobody fucking cares about ur dissatisfaction or disappointment, China certainly doesnt.
川建国同志要继续努力啊
As u well know (many of ur family products have been made in China), it isn't wise to poke chinese. Making products more expensive for (1/2)
Americans who can't afford it. Did u forget they have nuclear weapons and a higher population than us? For USA's sake, top poking the bear.
How are they doing with all the Trump trash they produce, hats, ties,  etc. ???
You are the biggest threat to world peace  since Hitler.

We ate very disappointed with you 
Get off Twitter and do something positive for the USA, instead of putting a wedge between everyone.
The comments below remind me of the hard core Brexit Remoaners & look how Britain is benefitting now but Remoaners taking the £££'s anyway!
#PardonSheriffJoe
U and yr family have contributed millions to China's economy with the contracts yr businesses have done there. Don't blame Obama & others
Our foolish current "leader" is going to get us nuked. That's ones way to get rid of #TrumpRussia probe 
"Foolish past leaders"? For real? You said this about former Presidents of the United States? You have no class whatsoever. None.
I agree
Stop blaming past leaders, you don't know what you're doing or the peripheral affects that could occur from your isolationist policies.
He's obviously never going to become presidential or stop tweeting. The more we react  the better he likes it
Did the Chinese see this tweet? Ur blaming a foreign power for our ability to keep a US nuclear threat in check. Great leadership
别说话，谢谢
Quit wining
Ps Ivanka  China
OK make another enemy!
Why are you afraid from north koria ? Your country is super power . If u have made these then u should not ban another country.
I doubt they are thrilled with you either.
You're right, sanctions against the communist party of China!
Sir,  you of all people? You and your family enable China by manufacturing there. Hypocrites, draft dodger, Russian traitor

Hang on...so the cake wasn't that good after all?
You would know, your business and your families business import products from that country! Like your "Make America Great Again"
Im very disappointed in you.
You should know.U are in bed with all of our enemies & have alienated almost all of our allies. You will trip up.U aren't that smart. 
I am disappointed in you who are national disgrace
and they don't have USDA safe foods etc!! We don't want sick chickens etc in our stores.
Go back to China
And what have you done 6 months in??  #squat
I'm very disappointed in you for being so ungentalmanly in the way you talk about women. #bigot #failedPresident
Lol then you dare to stop the relationship with China?
Excellent comment President Trump. Keep Tweeting it's the only way to beat the Fascist Media liers.

My source knows who "Maria" is and is willing to talk to journalists about story but doesn't want her hurt or to jeopardize case. https://twitter.com/truefactsstated/status/891630421741588480 …
Stop tweeting....please!
Nothing like blaming another country to show leadership
The current ass hat "faux pres" was more worried about Trademark deals than the country LOSER!
And we're very disappointed in you. Thin-skinned, childish. Destroying our healthcare. You will go down in history..as the worst.
丢你老母
犀利!
"BLAME THE BLACK GUY!"  That is your answer to everything isn't Donald John Trump?
And I am very disappointed with you.
Trump is right. If pressure had been mounted on China , North Korea government would have collapsed long time ago
Yet your products are manufactured there....no talk of sending your companies' manufacturing to the USA.
We are very disappointed with you.
Im very disappointed in your mum
you live Russia and China, so stop the fake whining
#American  #politics are real unlike in our African context were u hav non to blame bcoz the losing #opposition join the ruling party!
好走，不送
China is disappointed in you
Breaking news : Melania begging Canada's Trudeau for asylum. AND some decent sex!! King of Tacky.
What makes you think world leaders are going to take you seriously??? What about those Russian sanctions? Have you signed those yet? SAD?
But at least you and your daughter, were able to those trademarks you wanted these past years. SMH
That would be ur wife
It is time to lower the hammer on China. Enough one sided trade!! They need to pay to play!
Stop bashing your Predecessors. FYI it is Bad Form. Don't forget you have many public appearances to attend w all the living ex Presidents.
"Foolish past leaders"  you spend our tax dollars flying to Florida and elsewhere for golf, never heard you going to Camp David!
@realDonaldTrump You are TREMENDOUSLY bad at this job.  No art in your deal; in fact no deals at all.
The new sanctions on Russia, will make N.Korea, China & Russian alliance stronger. Better, if the sanctions were called off.
Big shot u r all talk. China is deaf so now what?
You announced- actually celebrated- a multi-billion dollar with Foxconn five days ago.
Have you talked to XI again?
Why do you have your products MADE IN CHINA? WE THE PEOPLE are disappointed in you, such a FAKE!
@PaulRyan LOL past fools? #FoxConn straight from #China is in #PaulRyan backyard invited by your boy @ScottWalker #FAKENEWS

Chinese state media says President Trump’s "emotional venting" on Twitter won’t help with North Korea http://nyti.ms/2ueYKMD 
We can thank slick willy for that. He is responsible for NAFTA and making China our most favorite trade partner. They screwd us big time.
you lost the popular vote.
Korea and Chinia are cousins, and China must get more involved.
That's so weird, I thought YOU were the president... it's almost like you could do something about it, but right, golf takes prescient.
Those billions are mine and mine only. All those foolish leaders since 1952 should've been holding it in trust for ME! ME; I say! Just me!
Just stop it. If I were your mother, you'd be in time out indefinitely ... with no social media privileges.
US got a mad man on the P chair.

Fake news!
foolish? Don't you have any respect for our past leaders? Why do you talk like this?
Your just about as foolish as anyone else if you think you can depend on China to reign in North Korea on there nuclear ambitions.
God gives them!
I am extremely disappointed in YOU. Obama NEVER disappointed us.He is truly a great man something you will NEVER be....resign make millions
I'm very disappointed in you. So what are you going to do about that?!
Never mind the trillions that the world has made in profit by taking manufacturing to China.
Be careful, China may retaliate and kick out Ivanka and close her sweat shops!
Where are you going to manuf your extra long ties?
嘴炮 你有种就直接出兵攻打朝鲜 跟中国叫嚣什么
Y u so mad at China?
Don't make China mad! I heard they are working on making Ivanka sex dolls special for you!
我是一个在中国大陆的中国人。总统先生，您早就该严厉地惩罚中国了。我们的独裁政府仗着钱多，不仅全世界横行耍霸道，更对国内民众残酷地剥削镇压。中国人的人权状况每况日下，美国从来都只动动嘴皮子谴责而从来不真正地实施惩罚，敢问美国的立国精神何在？如果总统先生能惩罚中国，我们会非常欢迎。
Why are you talking about other countries on social media, POTUS?
Don't be disappointed in China, the are the same as you "make more money" be disappointed in your goverment for their poor choices.
Oh a stupid man
Why are you worrying about what other leaders has done, you are there to fix things, our faith is not based upon the past, but the future
First, You should stop making TRUMP PRODUCTS IN CHINA. Why not MADE IN USA????
Insanity: doing the same thing over & over again but expecting a different result.  DO SOMETHING N. Korea's next test could be FATAL
Our allies are afraid America won't come to their defense if war is started & Americans are afraid our allies won't come to our defense.
Even when Tienamenon square tanks crushing demonstration, Bush did not sanction china, But, Trump is brave to point out China's barking dog.
Stop, please just stop. Tweeting messages like this will only alienate us from other countries & allies. Just stop!
And the world is disappointed with you!!
Dear Mr. President, And how will you influence them to help us?? N Korea
AND YOUR BUSINESS W THEM
@POTUS, so #rude, #crude and #unrefined.
Thank you Dear Leader you are the greatest best hugest Leader ever!
That would be the same China where you have all the tat that you sell with you name all over it made?
Donald, I am very disappointed in you. When are we going to start winning?  You said we would get tired of winning!
So you are calling all past presidents fools? That is rich. Your disrespect is astounding.  You are the fool.
They have also devalued 10% over last 2 yrs.! Currency manipulator. 6.30's to 6.80's. plus tax & block our imports.
the entire country is disappointed in you Trump
Russians are laying a trap to sucker you in!
Funny you use cheap labor to make your shitty products then charge 3x what they're worth. And you say China made millions!. WTF about you?
Oh, great Twiddle dumb get China mad at us too! How mad is Putian that you can't lift the sanctions? How much does China let you make there?
