This is just an honest question. And I bet that Congress can not answer it or Correct it because none of them are Honest in any way what so ever.
Can we get the literate guy back?  The one who writes in complete sentences?
Bottom line Obama lied...about EVERYTHING....fraud and treason!!!
Make Congress adherent to THEIR Affordable Care Act. NO loopholes, NO subsidies, NO reimbursements. Millions have NO HEALTH CARE because: Carriers pulled out, spiked rates, no choice, MDs &/or facilities in reasonable service area don't accept insurance available. Catch22.
Obama Care is failing because of you! You are tearing it down and not giving it a chance! Everything you do hurts it and you do nothing to improve it! With you it's everything for the rich and nothing for the for the poor, That is why everyone hates you!
Collusion with the Russians is going to get you! All Americans hate you for throwing a bomb into the Affordable Care Act! just to feed the rich with lower tax rates.Collusion leads to IMPEACHMENT!
Speak for yourself, alone, little man! THIS American despises the Obamanation ACA! *I* believe in my Constitutional Rights, one of which allows me to speak for myself, another which allows me to vote my conscience (that odd little part of human psyche bred out of Dems), & CMSTK!
@realDonaldTrump 
The Affordable Care Act was working just fine for everyone until YOU destroyed it by throwing a bomb into the insurance marketplaces., Choosing to end critical payments to health insurers that help millions of lower-income Americans afford coverage. IMPEACHMENT
"Fine"? "For EVERYONE"? I don't know *what* kind of hallucinogenic YOU have been tripping on, but from where I stand, that Obamanation of Highway Robbery is so "fine" as to be nonexistent! Stealing funds out of homes of working poor needed for groceries or OTC remedies, (1/2)
Actually, it isn’t hurting. Why put out FAKE facts?
If ObamaCare is hurting people, &amp; it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not...
#dotard
you are the worst president in the world
Why do you HATE AMERICA? You don't RESPECT this Country! Veterans use this program! Don't talk about the FLAG! FOOL!
End Congressional exemption!!!!!
Thank you POTUS45! YOU'RE RIGHT!
Yes, true and if you loose it all where will you be ?
Make them pay? #notabovethelaw !
you should end the illegal taxpayer subsidies for congress & staff Same ins for them - they work for us
Police and fire now pay for their benefits and still cannot collect social security because of the great windfall benefits. B.S.
How far is your head up your ass?! I can't afford 21900 a month!
Agreed.  Also, NO OBAMACARE BAILOUT.  Veto anything less that what YOU want.
Pull #Congress #healthcare subsidies, gov't ISN'T a sm. business: <50 employees. ENOUGH! Stop insurance bailouts! STOP #ACA
Rid the mandate and all of it's BS that goes along with it for Individuals and business. That was a promise to Americans.
How Obama handled any financial situation is to let one thing pay for another. Result, if one fails then like dominoes. People suffering from the high payments that supports those who want health care to be paid by someone else forcefully and it's not people on welfare. Not fair!
You need to remove the exemption that Congress enjoys. It's not fair to those of us Congress supposedly works for. #repealobamacare
@JaimeBooth So what VA admin business required a trip to Wimbledon? Plenty of Vets not getting tickets or what?
tom price spent $1 m on travel..share with us your family travel tab that we are paying for. Price? Monkey see Monkey Do!
Tom Price had questionable stock trades raised during confirmation..should have asked about travel principles or lack of
@JaimeBooth Total BS..take the same Health Care that your base has? Walk the Walk and quit just Talk. Hypocrite. So Sad!
Congress gets away with not paying what they should because you let them.
why don’t you do something about it and make Congress pay what the people pay?
The REAL QUESTION is.., WHY THE HELL ARE WE BAILING THEM OUT???
It NEEDS to be SHUT DOWN!
Let the people SEE and FEEL what th DEMOCRATS DID
The GOP is begging for Moore of the same in 2018.
publish the money donors are paying them to vote against us.  Name them
Time to end the gravy train for Congress; their illegal Cadillac Healthcare Plan must go!
Make Congress have Obamacare just like the rest of America!!! Repeal Obamacare!!!
Our #POTUS is hearing the voices of the American people!#MAGA
Here we go!
Congress should be on Obamacare. Rescind the exemption.
@JaimeBooth First sensible thing Ive heard you say so "yay"!  If only Tom Price felt the same about his $400k travel bill!
sure could use Prices $400k to make uo the 90% cut for ACA renewal notifactions to the poorest in need. Shame!
Dear Donald..thanks for draining your swamp by removing Travelin' Tom Price, Farcical Flynn & Bone Head Bannon
hows Betsy Devoss doing? Is her head next on the block. Chop chop..Make America Great!
The sorry members of Congress should be on same healthcare and Social security that the American people are. No privilege.
They grew it they should have to chew it 
If it is good enough for us y not 4 them 
Congress should have the same healthcare plans as everyone else. Stop the special treatment of member of Congress.
Well ? We are waiting. Does congress still have insurance???
If Congress won't use our healthcare can we use their healthcare
Only political air heads are gay!
Hump Trump you want to
It's the ACA dumbo.
Congress needs to have same insurance they vote for public to have
I agree with you! If Congress thinks OCare is the way to go for American people, well let them try it! Then watch it change in blink of eye!
I'm FORCED to pay for it, but NEVER use it because I DON'T WANT GOV involved in my medical care 
#RepealObamacare OR #Obamacare4Congress
you don't want gov't involved in personal medical care? then why support the republican agenda at all? 
That reasoning makes no sense melis... Repubs are notorious for smaller government. Dems- opposite.
hobby lobby™ much?
No. Check your facts. Dems want more entitlements/big government. Common knowledge.
you like socialism, admit it. getting mail, driving on roads, getting your trash picked up
Umm, all of those things existed before the federal income tax was even a thing. Private companies did it.
Dude Trump"care" makes being a woman a prexexisting condition=no coverage. This (and many other "improvements) within your "healthcare"...
Would leave thouSANDS without coverage. Sure, obamacare is lacking, but trumpcare is negligent
They're not denied care. They are charged and carry debts that they cannot pay for live saving procedures
sure,while i think it's absolutely stupid, no one should be forced to have healthcare. But EVERYONE deserves the same opportunity to have it
I believe the same but doctors also desserve pay for their work and sometimes necessary surgeries aren't done because people dont have...
But this government plan forces the working class to pick up the tab.  You must be very rich or getting a subsidy or you would understand.
Healthy people can't afford to pay for everyone else.  I can't afford to even use mine now much less pay for the crap.
#ObamaCareHurts
Imagine what your auto insurance rates would be if everyone had the same rate?  How about a credit for the fact that I am healthy???
@CNN @CNBC @ABC @nytimes @Morning_Joe 'No society can legitimately call itself civilized if a sick person is denied medical aid because of
Instead of trying to repeal Obamacare we should be trying to make sure that Congress gets Obamacare as their coverage.
Then we'll see how quickly they replace or repeal Obamacare
Because they have Federal Health Care.
I love this man! He is fair & puts Americans first! He WILL be the POTUS that will make history 4 the most caring President 4 the people!
Who are you talking about
but it isnt hurting people you are so resign already
It is causing a lot of problems and believe or not. It has nothing to do with Trump.
Wake up and smell the dead roses..we are now living under the 4th Reich led by #45 and his goons
How can our country be Great Again if it's too sick and polluted (people, land, water and air) to live in?  Wise-up & clean-up your act!
Just do it. No more talk. Please!
Stop subsidizing the thieves. They need to suffer like us so they have the real empathy instead of the fake stuff. Drain that damn swamp too
What about the American Employees of the insurance company's that are closing their doors?  Thank You ACA Risk Adjustment!!!!
President Trump please make. 
Congress use obamacare. I  just want to say God bless you and your family. Best wishes always, 
Emma Jean Wike
Please President Trump, use your pen and make Congress use obamacare. 
 When you get less than $600.00 dollars a month it's really hard.
I'm still on obamacare, if it's so great why isn't Congress using it. President Trump please pick up your pen and 
RIGHT THIS WRONG. PLEASE.
It's truly NOT FAIR FOR CONGRESS TO EXEMPT THEMSELVES FROM HAVING TO USE obamacare. IF CONGRESS THINKS obamacare IS SO RIGHT FOR US PEOPLE.
You don't have to be a member of congress to exempt yourself from ObamaCare. I'm exempt from it too.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @nytimes
I Agree All Politicians should be Manatory to be on it . Also We Need Term Limits 
Nancy Pelosi is the Poster Retiree OF WHY WE need it
Congress should make no laws that the public has to live by, UNLESS they live by it too.  WE are the employers.
Only regulating drug costs & insure everyone will lower medical costs. That must be done first.
High cost of med care hurting people. Drug co charge what they want for meds, & more unpaid cost to providers from uninsureds inc cost.
What they should do is appeal Congress health care give to Citizens of USA... Then write one for Congress and US Veterans
There is something wrong with these people's heads I mean they are sick and the government should get rid of them before they start a riot!
About time! Make them all face the realities the rest of us face! Thank You President Trump!! Now get it done!!!
I'm no expert, but like I'm pretty sure obamacare helps people who are already hurt, so idk
Why do I feel like I'm watching a season of #Political Apprentice?? #You're fired!!
so why approve it again????
stop the continue #Obamacare crap !! Exactly what a Rhino @gop political hack would have done  NOT WHY I VOTED 4 TRUMP
And yet you continue subsidies that will cost roughly $7 billion in 2017, $10 billion in 2018, and $16 by 2027 That's MAGA?
have @HHSGov Dir Price lower penalty to 0$ so we don't have to buy that CRAP!!! Authority already in law...
Congress should be required to have Obummercare if they want it and approve it - its only fair
If ObamaCare is hurting people, & it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies & why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Your paying poor people less then the rich
Government shouldn't be paying anyone since the government doesn't make revenue- it takes it from taxpayers
Amen
If congress had to pay what the public pays, and they should have to, then POTUS would be able to get a new and better health bill approved
You know it's a kickback system,congressmanGet it back in donations from billion dollar corps.SlowerItGoes More$$theyGet
Your mum is hurting people
Thanks president for all of it you do
Executive order obamacare away then!!! Fix it already
I still think you're an embarrassing buffoon who needs to get off Twitter, but that's the only comment you've ever made that I agree with.
WHY DON'T YOU SHOW YOUR COUNTRY'S INSURANCE COMPANY'S AND CONGRESS HOW IT GOES, I MEAN YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT RIGHT... 
People like Obamacare.  Better to work to make it better than to repeal it.  Listen to the people!!
If lack of coverage due to spiteful @GOP  refusals to expand Medicaid is hurting people, and it is, why are those officials still in office?
Wtf??? Try again dummy. You are refusing to pay the CSR's and no Obamacare isn't hurting everyone just 2-3% which means it can be fixed
If the President is hurting people, and he is, why doesn't he resign?
Obama sucks.
it's not hurting people: you're the one hurting people #blotus out of nothing more than spite, stupidity and pride #muellertime #trumprussia
sign an executive order putting all senators & congressman on Obamacare,I bet a repeal will get done real quick.
Repeal Choice. Freedom. .
Resign!
Just because you're straight talker to all they will understand not today but tomorrow for sure... Keep patience dude
En pocas palabras quiere privatizar sus sistema de seguridad social se quiere ahorrar el baro.
You included

So your new chief of staff is still allowing you to tweet... sigh
#Obamacare is saving lives like mine. W/o essential benefits to give me free checkup I'd be dead fr cancer. #TrumpcareKills
People are missing one thing Trump tweeted....that our elected representatives need to live with same healthcare that the average citizen
I don't have Healthcare I have a second mortgage without the benefits of home ownership!
Nothing about the Russian expulsion of Americans? Nothing?
So... sabotage the insurance markets and threaten congress or single payer?  You're ruining our country.
Agree with part - made me nauseous to say, lol.  ACA needs help but it's better than you offer through GOP bills.  Ask for bipartisan work!
HEY! Stop it! The American people want the ACA! Listen!
Take it away!  They should have to wait at ER just like the rest of us. What makes them a better person than WTP?  Nothing God will win
Total agreement with you.

Don't support private insurance company profits with my tax dollars.
Agreed Mr President.  Please get rid of the obama care exemption for congress. Make them have to suffer through the socialist obama care.
Mr. President, unfortunately your tactics border on blackmail, or at the very least bullying. Encourage bipartisanship to solve this problem
Please tell us more about YOUR great plan for straight repeal and how it won't hurt people. Try using facts.
Your sabotage is what's hurting the ACA. Fix what's broken with it and let go of your vendetta.
Absolutely! Repeal or make congress use what we the tax payers must pay!
It's not hurting me
You are the biggest embarrassment to ever face our nation!
God you're so freaking clueless.  Obamacare is favored by the majority of Americans.
You are disgusting...
Obamacare approval. 54%

Trumpcare approval 17%
Is that the same polling that said Hillary was going to win ???
Make them pay and feel the pain
You when he doesn't lol
Yeah, horrible that people have insurance that meets minimum standards. Using that logic my car insurance is hurting me.

no more two tiered system.  President trouble maker, no more two tiered system.  What is good for us is good for the politicians.
Single-payer for all!
Are you serious, this isnt a schoolyard game.. oh thats right it is how a ten year old thinks
Trump
Let's face it. The quantity and craziness of your tweets is directly related to your fear of prison.
I can't wait until news breaks of this, and we find out who Maria really is..
If this is really true, it saddens me that you're supporters would still make excuses for why you raped 13-year old girls.  It's sick!
*your
Sounds like you want single payer!
Then everyone can have healthcare. Good!
Please take your socialism to Venezuela and see how it goes
Yes. Single payer is essentially your wish. Do you know what that is?'
You are right @POTUS! Time to put Barackenstein's Monster out of our misery; make congress live with it! #MondayMotivation @GrrrGraphics
I love how every trump supporter uses cartoons. Can you guys read? Cite sources? No you're puppets
Political cartoons are a thing. Always have been. Its actually an art form. Why do you hate art, Amy?
Art? No isn't trump trying to defund art and museums? I hate people like you that can't cite a single data point for your idiotic beliefs
They don't want to do any research so they look for memes instead.
ACA needs tweaking. UR just so jealous of Obama,U'll murder citizens in UR quest for revenge. U'll NEVER be as successful as @BarackObama!
Congress should step in our shoes. We have insurance and pay high premiums and such a high deductible that we can not go to the doctor  
I'd rather have a 2500 deductible , than a 80k hospital bill.  All preventive is covered at 100%.
WHY DOESNT CONGRESS PAY WHAT WE PAY?!WHAT THEY RECEIVE IS DISGUSTING AND UNFAIR VETERANS SHOULD RECEIVE THAT!
Absolutely. Politicians, staffers should NOT get 72% subsidy towards their healthcare. I don't get a subsidy!
Grow up.
Show some leadership.
Please take away the incentive for congress and make them pay what the public pays. Do it tomorrow!
Take it Away! Obama Gave Congress 72% Subsidies because they complained? Millions are Complaining & We Get Nothing?
Primary med thru hubs work n medicare as supplement on me, not enough due to $7650 each out of pocket on hub's employee coverage for each 
That deal was to make every POLITICIAN... in seats very rich...all.. they do not want to lose $$$$
AHCA is not hurting people. It's helping those who need it. As for why the rich don't pay their fair share of anything, they own Washington.
Why have not removed their exemption already??!!
You are awesome, man!!!! #LoveMyPOTUS
ObamaCare is a horrible plague on the working class. Used it for the first time in 2 years and covered about 10% of an $8000 hospital bill!?
We all know Obama pelosa care is a disaster. Take care of are people first ... Jobs and better quality of life for the country
Just repeal this stupid law!  Ran Paul actually has the answer and Paul Ryan has turned to the darkside!
You really need to leave congress alone! They are your equals in our democratic structure of government. Read constitution! You aren't king!
Trump an the Republicans are hurting peopleby defunding Affordable Care. They care more about protecting russia.
 










 UCK OUTTA HERE
Hell has frozen over. I RT'd Donald Trump.
"Obamacare" isn't hurting people but helping people."Congress paying what the public pays?" YOU should think solutions to make ACA BETTER.
Take their health care perk! They have no intention of making your agenda happen. You are doing a great job sir!
Voters look forward2campaigning against @GOP Traitors &4 their primary challengersN'18.@GOP Ldrs have their own agenda & IT IS NOT 2 #MAGA
Cut the cord
Are they entitled? Probably so, they make the rules. We get to vote assholes out.
Put em on Obamacare. Executive order,  Mr President
@JeffFlake
Give congress their walking papers.  New blood needed!!!!
Interesting deflection...  Remember you are under FEDERAL INVESTIGATION FOR OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE, TREASON, and probably SEDITION as well.
You're holding Americans hostage and threatening to kill some if you don't get your way. Let that sink in. @potus* @pryan @SenateMajLdr
You are so right Mr. President. They cannot set in their thrones and dictate what kind of insurance we get unless they  themselves have same
Congress did any illegal act by calling themselves a small business, lied & cheated us. Whatever new AHC is they gotta have it! No opt out!
Amen
Absolutely,  ANY BILL THEY SIGN FOR THE PEOPLE THAT LIVE AND WORK IN AMERICA, IF THEY LIVE AND WORK IN AMERICA, PAY THE SAME AS US.
Yes- let's fight to make this happen - Congress has the same insurance as the people, no raises (they aren't doing anything) NO RECESS
You lie.
Will you get over your silly  and childish revenge for everything Obama and start doing your job as the president of the United states!
Insurance companies hurt people.  Obama Care was a good start.  Next:  Medicare for all.  (Obama was so much better than you.)
@POTUS Right! Drop the hammer on Congress just like they did the average private sector working guy for the last 8 years!..
Congress passed it. They're keeping it. They should live with it! @POTUS
Best and worst tweet ever.  Would walk into booth and put marker down.
Pls make congress a part of ACA
With Dems. The petty fighting just to say, they did it. You see a train coming but do nothing to stop it, just say keep driving and when
Show some dignity for a change. Show some respect for the office. You are President of the United States of America. Not a used car salesman
You know what would hurt MUCH worse than Obamacare?  20 million+ Americans losing insurance coverage a la the failed Trumpcare.
WHY DON"T YOU PAY TAXES?  show us. PROVE that you're not a bullshitter. Oh right. That's not possible #CrookedDonald
Obamacare never hurt me.  You have.
@realDonaldTrump @SenJohnMcCain What about his health care bills.What about the common man.#healthcarebill @WalterDavidScot
My premiums are out of control. I am NOT on Obamacare. Go after the greedy insurance and drug providers and you will be praised!!
As a mom with a son with MS, I must say Health Insurance is my #1 worry.  Copays & Medications. Trips to ER. NO $$ for extras.
