Please help to save Oakland MD, a HUB Zone
 Needs to get the train running again from  Union Station.
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!...
Are you still taking credit for crowd sizes? The veterans were coming regardless,as were the Boy Scouts. Has nothing to do with you.
Well, hope my President Donald I should see you over there Cincinnati
dawn very dawn after mosco al godes
Jake Paul must be impatient for you! :))
We love you Mr President. God speed
GO TO VA!
We don't want you here. leave.
Wow, what a treat that was!!
ur great leader confident and dynamic leader who has lot of self belief and I know u will go places God bless u mrtrump
Continue to bring your message directly to the American people. Bypass the dishonest media with rallies, social media, and speeches!
Liberals HATE the idea that you do not pander to the media elitists. WE LOVE IT! Keep tweeting sir! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Your social media platforms collectively reach more people than all 3 major cable news COMBINED. You do not need them to push your agenda!
Weak Obama left you a complete mess & you are already turning it around. Stock market highs, lowest unemployment, natl. debt down. WINNING!
God is back in the White House & blesses our President everyday & guides him keeping him safe while making America Great Again!
I'm rusty on my bible study but for the life of me I can't remember the passage in genesis where GOD created Texas?
God created the heavens and the earth, however, you can read here howTexas got its boundaries! https://tshaonline.org/handbook/online/articles/mgb02 …
Why would he create the heavens a mighty feat then make America shite only to make it great again? Why not just keep t great?
Youngstown didn't vote for you, they voted HRC.
The election is over! Go to your desk and get your egomaniac self to work! I believe ALL you want is a never ending campaign.
Record setting crowd!

Huge crowd actual footage
Jude 1:2
#Mercy, #peace, and #love be multiplied to you.
Now, we've got born-again bots?
As his insecurities increase, he needs more... more.... more adulation. His illness needs more frequent hits.
Just like your inauguration crowd? 
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DBlsMISWsAAZgl0.jpg …
No.  You are a destructive parasite on the face of America.  Not a leader.  Not a President. Just an angry old man. Resign now.
Make sure Fox is there to count how many are supporters and how many are protestors. Wonder if they'll report the truth.
Come to East Tennessee soon. Please
Because it is size that matters, right. It should be about content first.
Please don't. It sucks enough already
Lolllllll no one likes you
Apparently big is 7 here.
@jonallendc 日本の反社会的勢力は、貿易不均衡にも加担してます。さっさと、北朝鮮や、日本の反社会的勢力を壊滅しなければ後悔先に立たずです！カオスジャパンは、ニューヨーク証券取引所かナスダックに、上場させますので協力宜しくです！
Hope you enjoy your visit

TRUMP2020
No, thank you though.
The water you will drink I have pissed in and taken a shit in. So welcome to Ohio 
Why are you still campaigning?the first potus in my lifetime who is out on the campaign trail not even a year into his first term.
Expected is a weak word.
Those big crowds you speak of..it's all in your head!
what if there wasnt a big crowd expected,  would it matter to you ?
You are the only president who has needed to continue campaign speeches. Your ego shrivels like a raisin without the boost of supporters.
I tried goin but the truck was actin up. It's got possums in the engine. Guess who is havin some possum stew for dinner! You can come too!
Why don't you try at least pretending to do your job?
OMG, gigantic crowd of 6,000!!!
#libertarian lol ... and I guess #talkingheads don't get to say what gets investigated &/or prosecuted either, huh??
watching right now!
You got your ego boost last night. You were about to mention how becoming rich can get you an orgy. Not sure why. What's up for tonight?
Just a big ego...you only care about Trump!
You mean a big group of idiots are there to say welcome.
Big crowd...25 people as usual?!
Dude chrissy was right no one likes you 
Don't forget your diarrhea medicine! You get gassy
You must be wetting your pants with excitement- nothing turns you on more than the thought of a big crowd does it?
Trump’s conduits for capital from the former Soviet bloc are actually old pals http://bit.ly/2uV9ww1   via @samthielman
Please don't.  Ohio is such a nice state.
Will never be as great as Obama. You are a failure
Big crowd @ the tittie bar where @FLOTUS will give the locals a performance so they won't feel too screwed when U take away their Healthcare
Yes, go see them. They just don't know enough that you are a manipulator of the truth. Very sad and troubling these people are easy.
I wouldn't come out of my house to see you if you were at the front door!

Scaramucci on Leaks: ‘I’m Going to Fire Everybody’  Thank you...It's about time...Please begin with Trump!!!:)))
Hope the plane crashes on the way back. In a field of course. I don't want any humans hurt.
Duh. Everyone knows Ohio sucks.

British thieves apologuise for stealing America's POTUS for themselves! Figuratively speaking!(As how would we get him past Khan)MABA!
Im coming stateside to Support Mr Trump, beginning of next year! Cant wait, but 'Khan't' can! MAGA  and MABA 
Big crowd of mentally challenged people just like you. Congrats.
They will  u in jail 
You still doing rallies? Why?
Please stay away from Michigan.
Real Donald Trump Please Mr Presedent stop tweeting negative , personal and back your  Attorney General. Please please please
ok i'll be the one throwing green tomatoes..rather be tossing grenades but don't have any.
Huge!!
You're visiting Jake Paul's homeland, beware of Jake Paulers
Stop talking about crowd size

Congratulations!
Just watched the rally on tv.  U were awesome!!
Yes sir awesome
i  can't believe it is not on TV. no one covers your rallies anymore!! #FakeNews
Don't have the guts to speak with those who oppose you. Typical snowflake.
I see u like democratic part and not republican
I like equality. Party makes no difference.
Exsctely my dear kimboDiddleyDoo
خدا لعنتت کنه ترامپ،چرا نمیمیری ما ایرانیهارو راحت کنی
Another night rally? Started handing out arm bands yet with a distorted T on them?
Yes, so that you can relieve the nightmare of you winning the campaign, you are the worse winner that I have ever encountered. Get over it!

For what?
House Passes New Russia Sanctions That Would Curb Trump's Power
Is that all you care about is having a bigger crowd than Obama had
Big crowd? Did you pay to bus them in for this event? 
Your trolls are getting more likes on their tweets than you are, LOL
That's  the protestors, have fun with that.
Wow... can't get over that crowd size.  #lowestapprovalever
Quit venting publically on the most loyal cabinet men you have.  AG is loved by many, if you want someone else, don't drag him thru the mud.

Now don't forget to mention just how BIGLY you won even though you did not get popular vote.
#MAGA
Some people want to go just to laugh at you. Oh, and see how sleazy you really are in person.
Are you still talking about crowd sizes? Could you be more transparently dickless?
Your crowds will always be small. Like your hands.
No one wants to see you.  No one likes you
I have family in Ohio and they're not checking for you!
Thank You Mr President for coming to Youngstown,Ohio you are always welcome here. Keep up the Great Job you are doing for our Country
Big crowd....wow I bet 10 people is that considered big to you.
#MAGA MAKE AMERICA GAY AGAIN Nuremberg Rally time again?
2,000 people. Big crowd. Not.
please stop campaigning.
Is it really great though?  It's a rust bucket.  Like you.
Why the hell are you campaigning? Need your ego stroked? SAD little OLD man!!!
Oh, please don't come to Ohio.  I wondered why it was cloudy and cold today.
Why are you still doing rallies? How pathetic are you dude? Get to work fixing healthcare.
I can't even watch him on mute- the weird faces & jerking around. Too much bronzer. Why do people fall for this clown? #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
"Big crowd" is also what you said about the inauguration but... well, we all know how that turned out.
Ouch. Also, libtard was super clever. I haven't heard that yet. I'll save you the trouble and call myself a snowflake 
Everyday is a Rally and all crowds are massive. Still campaigning and getting love from clueless supporters. hahahahaha. It's creepy.
Thanks for the warning!  Was going to visit Ohio tonight!  Will find another route!
Please leave, Ohio Hates you! #ImpeachTrumpNow
I would love to hear that no one showed up!
Say hello to Kyrie for us.
No thanks.
10 white supremacists? cool
I'll be traveling to Ohio! Paid crowd- I lied! Can't wait to lie more!
Please do not dump Session. He is loyal, made a mistake, but you have as well. Democratic's will sink you if you do. They are laughing  JMO
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd of brainwashed followers expected. See you there! Every 1 of you - I count 5
How often do you catch yourself singing "if I only had a brain"?
Thanks for a much needed Rally...
Why don't you try going to a state you DIDN'T win?  Coward.
Is there some way u could get CA conservatives 2 a place safe to  u? We want 2 show the rest of US that we stand with u @POTUS 
Welcome!  Come to the Draught House for a quick photo op!
Wish I could make it
Great rally.  Real Americans are very enthusiastic and very hopeful for a bright future.
nobody likes you get out
I think you mean a big crowd of protestors! #TrumpRussia #Traitor #Liar #PussyGrabber #PutinsPuppet #IMPEACH #NationalEmbarrassment #RESIGN
Yup! Time for your ego massage.  I noticed. You need one like every 2 months.
Surely not as big as your ego. #trumpscum #trumpcrimefamily
What the hell, are you still on the trail .
You made America sick is what you did. Step down now!!!! The EU is sick of your bullshit.
No one wants you here.
Stay out of our state !
Draft dodging con man is now president of the easily fooled.
Can you stay there... forever?  #impeachtRumpNOW #conman

Who cares about crowd size? Get over yourself and actually work!
Fire Sessions now!! Please
@2sassc !!!
OHIO YEA!
Only crowds you'll be drawing soon will be crowds of lawyers
It's all about the CROWD size again.... Little man, little HANDS!!
When are you coming to Houston
A rally in Katy would be convenient
Please mr. President keep Jeff  session he's a good man

You just have to have your ego stroked don't you.  Your job is not about you...it's about us.  Grow up....please!
You’re a jerk
LOL, no one likes you.
.... no, don't think you'll see me.  Do not want to be in the same state you are in.
The only way I would be in the same room with you is if I could cinch your straight jacket closed, & drive you off to the insane asylum!
Yeah right....BIG crowds HUGE crowds. Liar Liar pants on fire!

What a horrible, ignorant and hate filled speech. Not to mention the number of blatant and superfluous lies. #resist
#closetheborder
Why does nobody like you Mr President?


When ares his victory rallies going you stop?  Who pays for all this?
I hope not, I would not wall across the street to see you
