The whole issue is the supplies are not moving fast enough to save "my people" since you won't acknowledge us as citizens sir please resign
That's right, the problem is with your lazy people not driving trucks..
No sweet heart again how can people drive trucks when they have lines at the gas stations for miles?
And exactly how is that Trump's fault?
Did I blame him for anything? I'd just rather have a president who would actually help all of his people, a president that has class
Only President ive ever seen work for life pay is Jimmy Carter. Its not anyone's responsibility to feed u but u.
Remind me to look u up when a tornado relieves u of all u own
And 3rdly we are talking about a hurricane not a tornado so please think before you speak
Are you listening to Fox & Breitbart again? No wonder you are spreading fake news.
55% in PR without water.  Supplies sitting waiting for fema approval.  Nice pictures not the reality. Hope u had fun on t/golf course
Might have to remove her to help the people.
Governor agrees w/her
What about your truck drivers,corruption in action,demanding 50.00 per hr. should want to deliver food for nothing, what gives Governor?
Maybe you should go help! Looks like you have more truck driving experience than experience as a president.
They deserve appreciation. Just turned off @TeamCavuto for being a jerk on showing appreciation to all aiding Hurricane ravaged areas!
Just blocked Fox News out numbered for promoting that we need gun control liberals have takin what was the only truthful news 
If this Country could tell the local governments to crack down on the illegal guns we wouldn't have a problem
Unfortunately if someone wants to kill they will find a gun. And if they have money they can get one underground so to speak.
So true just look at all the gun shops being robbed at night by smash and grab and being sold on the streets 50¢ on the $
Great clip linked 
\/
"Fred Rogers: Look for the Helpers"
https://youtu.be/-LGHtc_D328 

#Hope
#Faith
#RealHeroes
#MrRogers #FredRogers
#MAGA 
@Lrihendry @KTHopkins @winegirl73 
@pastormarkburns @pastorbones @American1765 @realDrOlmo @MarthaVineyard4 @Suzanne4Kplus @judith_dite
@DrakeDeno
supplies being sent are not only not being well distributed but are lacking. getting supplies there is only half of the problem
Plus he's going there tomorrow.... I'm just saying don't say "nothing" is being done cause that is just false.
He’ll make an excuse and not go.

THEY are doing an excellent job, YOU are not. Remember, this takes a lot of money. Use taxpayer money to help Puerto Rico NOT build a wall!!
I mean doesn’t he assist in coordinating the efforts..?
Lol. Are you kidding, that's too much like work


Have you ever looked up all the lies you've told?
Like what? What lie so major?

They aren't your people. This is not a dictatorship. You are bad at all of this.
Our people Americans are just lovers of the soul of man not race! Good people, caring people who love beyond race and creed! So amazing!
Good Americans love our great nation & all good people regardless of color. It's the Haters that divide us & commit violence against others.
Well if you listened to the words of the Producer of Trumps show Apprentice he said Trump was a extreme racist on the set and a pervert.
Show Producer the key word! SHOW! This is reality! He's serving this country and the people not the SHOW where you were entertained weekly!
I blocked the crazy ranter & reported his rambling abusive profanity against everyone.That's the kind of guy that snaps & commits atrocities
I  will too then.
The guy is a raving lunatic. I'm not here to argue with nutjobs, & I report & block those flinging their Anti-fa Verbal Violence at others.
Im trying to look back to see which one he was.
he thinks he’s Supreme Wizard Cheeto of Pro Sports and, apparently, Puerto Rico. Disgusting.
they are NOT "my people" ...they are all Americans, the people you swore to defend and protect
Trump Blames People of Puerto Rico for Their Suffering
The fake news
Not

Your people?
We are not part of 'my people' You are OUR president (unfortunately) so try acting like someone who cares about other than rich white folk


Persistence and a never-say-die attitude is a wonderful thing!
.@realDonaldTrump I guess the Mayor of San Juan is "fake news"? Only thing "fake" is you & your presidency.
Psychopath Trump. Lies from his ivory tower at his exclusive golf "club" and betrays America and the World. No word bad enuf 2 describe dt
Our Federal Gov has provided Huge sums of supplies to PR we see the pics and the truth!
It's not about taking credit, it's about helping the people YOU SERVE.
Credit is not what this is all about! It’s about humanity, empathy and looking after your own citizens, your fellow man and yes, Americans!!
They are not YOUR people...they are Americans, helping other Americans
The problem here is that  ,you wait 
10 DAY'S to sent help,do you know
That Holland was in ARUBA waiting
For the storm IRMA to pass?
PUERTO RICANS ARE AMERICAN CITIZENS. THEY ARE YOUR PEOPLE, TOO.
"My people"? 

Who do you think you are... Moses?
That’s because the illigitimate foolish leader trump is full of POLITRICKS and lies. You’ve proven u don’t give a sh*t abt Puerto Rico SHAME
"My people"? 1) this is not a monarchy 2) you are not god 3) show us your taxes so we know what part of YOUR pie paid for this!
It’s not your people, they are called citizens of US.  YOU are the one NOT doing a good job.  #Fail
Your people? Get Real. They're not yours. You are not allowed to be the dictator you want to be. Like Puerto Rico, they are citizens.

@Dereksnow51Snow    ABSOLUTELY!!  Plus the UNmayor of San Juan
In addition to FAKE NEWS, that UNGRATEFUL mayor of San Juan, blames President Trump for hurricane!!
The devil was in Las Vegas last night! Kills many then, in cowardly fashion, kills himself!!
Prayers for the deceased the injured and their families!!
Don't worry President Trump we are taking notesMAGA

It's such ashame politicians keep all the money instead of putting it to HELP the people, government is so CORRUPT, GREAT JOB! Drain swamp
you are doing a great job dispite all the hate in this country.. love you MAGA
You think that’s bad you should see the BS they’re pushing on the LV shooting.
God bless @realDonaldTrump and all the hero's helping!
I believe mayor of San Juan, Puerto Rico.  Your habit of lying constantly throughout your life denies believing any thing out of your mouth
you are the best president ever, I thank God for you. To
Ppl now know the lies from #cnnfakenews .  We know that resources are coming.  Anything to discredit POTUS.  Most Americans know to question

Everyone hates you. Go home.
Thank you guys for all of the hard work.   We are aware
PUERTO RICAN COP CALLS NY RADIO.
Puerto Rican truck drivers need to get off their butts and transport the relief supplies
Thank God Trump is on CHARGE!!! #MAGA #HelpPuertoRico
Pictures don't lie and their not "your people"!  You sent too little and dident plan!
Only a Fake President would claim there was fake news.
The #FakeNews media works for a dying political party Sir...you and they are doing a great job, we all know it!
Yeah, what this guy says!
Your people? How about our fellow Americans

You're doing a horrible job, people are dying and all you care about is your #TrumpDotard self. RESIGN #DonTheConTrump #DonnyDaycare
Aren't your people the US Citizens? and more than 60% of them disapprove of you 
they are not "your people" this isn't the united corporation of trump, take your meds!

And just who are “my people”? If you’re referring to government workers they are NOT your people but rather the US Taxpayers people.
Nobody is criticising the people on the ground.  They're working hard.   We are criticising you.  For putting your twitter rages ahead of the welfare of suffering people.
Not "your people". They are Americas people
All that matters is he lost. Just like you LOST the popular election! #LoserTrump
Our people.  We don't belong to you.  Any help is better than no help, but you're still failing.  Has nothing to do with the rescue workers.
Like newborn babies, crave pure spiritual milk, so that by it you may grow up in your salvation
If these union bosses are as crooked as people say can't they be tried under the RICO act?
If they're doing it for "credit" then they are in the wrong fucking job.
We are sorry. 
We are trying our best to get messages out 
God Bless them all. 
Thank You again for your resolve.
your people? americans do not belong to you
There are 78 mayors and a Governor in Puerto Rico. 77 mayors AND the Governor disagree with the 1 Trump hating Mayor
#SundayFuture
Our People are the BEST at helping out and going the extra 10 miles.
You’re the fake news @realDonaldTrump !!!!Why dont you take accountability!! Someone come get ya’ll President off the freakin golf course!!
Click and Scroll. Everybody link back to this, my account, and my tweets:
https://twitter.com/ChrisDownsBooks/status/920113102242291713 …
Then why are people dying? Amazing the videos coming from PR showing the truth of the conditions there. It's definitely not fake news!



You’re a liar.
Your people? Since when do you own people? They are American citizens working for Americans. Sit down!
People talk/tweet.  Don’t let a couple idiots get you off track. Carry on! So proud!
These are the #HERO's the mayor of San Juan and the #NFL disrespect I Guess.


Those aren't your people. They work for the American people, just like you.
God bless each and everyone helping and giving their hearts in helping so many. God bless and thank you. 
We know Mr President! #FirstResponders #GodBlessTheUSA
"my people" It's your country now? Perhaps "we" might be a better choice.
Gosh, the President of Puerto Rico should just resign!!
Cry another river....
Have to agree on this one man
No matter how many times you use the term "fake news," it won't make your statements any less false. YOU ARE A LIAR & A NATIONAL DISGRACE!
Your people? Who do you think you are? This is the United States of America. You are an employee, and no more an owner than anyone else.
Proud to be an American!
How many paper towel rolls did you toss out?
If you would stop trying to steal the glory of your people, they would get the thanks they deserve
Don't worry about the news, we know what's going on.  We're right there with you and everyone who's helping in PR and elsewhere.
from the fake president
So proud of this adm,our military, 1st resp, FEMA, Red Cross, and all others that are helping w/humanitarian aid in PR! Thank u Pres Trump!
They are but YOU are not! We're paying them not YOU. HAVE YOU PAYED TAXES MUCH? Because that's nation money working not your people. Pay up!
The difference between Trump Tweets and the New York Times is the difference between facts and fiction.
Don't worry,we can see everything that though has done in this effort! Keep up the great work up! They're on an island, devastated
Your a child. Grow up
YOUR PEOPLE? Do you own them?
They have plenty of credit!

You not so much! Mr. FAKE News generator!
Where was this picture taken?  Houston?  Florida?
"Your people?" Aren't *ALL* Americans supposed to be your people? And aren't Puerto Ricans Americans? #Shame
"Your" people?
Seeing you throwing out paper towels like you're an NBA halftime show was just pathetic!  Completely out of touch!
There is no doubt that a great job is being done, don't listen to the fake news. Keep doing the great job your doing. Thank you
The liberal media is relentless in pursuit of leading the public to believe all you do is evil. We know the truth & support your efforts!


YOUR PEOPLE? 
I think not. These are selfless individuals helping fellow humans. You have nothing in common with them.
They are NOT your people they are employees of the United States
Your people???
Keep up the great work and ignore our idiot President. He has nothing to do with what is good in this country.
Yes well having lived through a #hurricane disaster roofs and beds are the essentials and shouldn't have to come through FEMA!
Your people?  Those are our brothers, sisters, daughters, sons, mothers and fathers not YOUR people.
Donald , you refer them as "My people". THEY ARE "OUR PEOPLE" and so are the people in Puerto Rico! We are all the same AMERICANS!
Promised that the Stars n Stripes would b flying when Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ comes againGod speed the day! Keep up the GREAT WORK
That's because everything you've ever touched has turned to shit... including this nation that you are running into the ground.
I believe it's been the ridiculous bureaucracy that's been criticized, not the personnel on the ground. Go ahead and keep whining though
Maybe it's just the fake presidency
That r doing a magnificent job. Amazing. Too bad people only watch CNN, NBC and don’t forget Univision who have brain washed so many.  MAGA
You have no people. You don't own us. You are supposed to be working for us. Very different.

"My people"!!?? donald, they are not YOUR people.  I really hate to disappoint. #TrumpResign
""MY PEOPLE" So, you mean you own them?  Yet, you don't call PR citizens your people. Why is that? They are Americans no?
The only #FakeNews  are the ones that you spread.
My people? You own them? They part of your family?
#Credit !?!? Effing CREDIT !?!? It's called doing your damn jobs you #sick #twisted #treasonous #SOB !!!!
Call it what it is “THEY ARE RESISTERS “
President Trump, I think you are doing an Outstanding Job leading this nation.  MAGA!
D.O.D. personnel are doing a great job. FEMA is doing Katrina like work.

Regardless of who is the president, our military is great and will always do a good job. They are the ones putting their lives on the line!
Your people? Get a life! Everything good, you did. If not good, you have nothing to do with it or either mention!
Keep sharing we all know that the truth and credit is never given!
Your people are getting credit. Everyone is upset over is how you always focus on yourself and whether you've been worshipped properly.

There is no doubt that the people there are doing a fantastic job, its just not enough, it came a bit late - that is why the criticism.
A lot of nice stock footage there. Little that could be verified as relevant to PR.  Look, helicopters! Look, ships!
This is a fake propaganda video.
You started doing the job 10-11 days after the fact, Sept 19 Hurricane Maria hit. Trump, your arrangements to go to Puerto Rico is for Oct 2
Your people? WTF does that mean? And fake news? You're high. Again.
You are the #fakenews
Dude, if good things are happening, they are happening IN SPITE OF YOU, CERTAINLY NOT BECAUSE OF YOU. 
Actually no one is your worker because the American people employ you. You are my worker. Don't forget that you work for us.
With respect Mr #Trump the news reports of people suffering in Puerto Rico very real, as was your failure to act in a timely manner.
After you had to be shamed into helping!
Not reconizing or admitting an ERROR is another ERROR. So there you are stuck with a President who acts, react and dictates by ERROR. BAD!!!
We all know what you're doing! Thank you!
The only ones who listen to #FakeNews R the ones who aren't contributing to society or R contributing negativity
Those are not YOUR people! You have it backwards. YOU work for US. I personally want you fired.
If you can't treat someone with dignity and respect--then you need to get out."-or a group of people!
Don't listen or watch "Fake News"they do more harm & pain,Thanks to all who are helping in Puerto Rico,God bless all in need.
#LoveNoHate
The news is real! YOU are the FAKE.
San Juan mayor not even attending FEMA meetings, yet wearing her shirt CNN gave her.
Thank you for bringing the Bible back to America
Your people?  What the hell is wrong with you?
You need to send a team of truck drivers down there and strip any PR drivers that don't want to transport needed supplies of theirs.
Why are you always wanting credit!? Those that do a good job for the good of the cause don't do it because they seek credit. #NotMyPresident
They ARE NOT YOUR PEOPLE they are OUR TROOPS!
#TrumpsKatrina
God Bless our military police officers and fireman and anyone that gives help to each other God Bless America God bless our President
YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN IN #PuertoRico FROM DAY ONE! PIG IN CHARGE! #ImpeachTrumpNow
no fake news, take a look at the people's pictures , then you will know
Thank you for going before us and showing us how to deal with the lies being handed as truth.  The  Biblical calling good evil and evil good
