Maybe the politicians were but not EVERYONE
Thank God you are safe sir.
Law enforcement &amp; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @Po...
yes
everybody knows that you don't care that communities were destroyed
Anarchists don't get it! What they resist WILL persist! So proud of our President Trump
Yeah they did a great Job surpressing democracy and protecting assholes who destroy the world.
Thank you, President Trump so grateful that you took on this endeavor when you did not have to!! #MAGA Sir  God Bless You &America!!
Can't say the same about #Charlotesville.
EXCELLENT 
Impeach Trump 2017
Putin played u like a piano!! U will go down in history as the worst & dumbest President of all time. #TrumpsAChump
Glad to see that @realDonaldTrump can spell
Fool. Even the German police unions called #g20 a disaster.
I can tell a CNN subscriber from the really informed.
I'm a European citizen that reads the press statements of German police unions, which called #g20 a disaster.
Con don just found out he's been played.
You are an embarrassment to Americans! I do not appreciate, at all, the way you talked about we Americans while overseas! Bad! Sick! Phony!
Still no proof of colluding, you ain't winning if you got no haters
Protesters, not anarchists. Words matter. They protest the evil and corruption you bring to the world. They want stability, not anarchy.
you made me proud mr president
Do you think women feel safe around you? #Resist #Russiagate #ImpeachTrump
They had every right to protest. World leaders decided to ignore them.


Agree
BLUE LIVES MATTER!!
100 percent of the time
Everybody felt totally safe despite the madmad visiting their country.
Trump, please stay overseas we the American people do not want you here.
Trump needs to be impeached. Immediately!
There was no military! Would be against German law.
Protestors are now anarchists? Who wrote this? Trumps 2nd grade vocab doesn't allow this kind of talk!?!
The refugee ban is spiteful. #noban

By anarchists I mean trump protesters
Wow
SWEET, BACK TO WORK
Not anarchists just people who want real leadership with relevant ideas you fraud. #impeach45 #sadloser #
Did you or did you not get denied hotel accommodations?
@realDonaldTrump #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow
Those protesters are pissed off that you and Putin are in their country. And I don't blame them. You and Putin are monsters Lying monsters!
No one feels safe around you, especially women.
I guess the millions of people who voted him do not count? Good one genius.
If Trump could just silence the resistance by threatening and suppressing the media! Then we could really MAGA!
Good
Idiot!!
3 Years, 6 Months, 11 Days, 22 Hours, 9 Minutes, and 50 Seconds
No one at home in America feels safe with you was president though.
BOOM! 
The Ball's In Your Court Mr. President...
You are the world's ultimate anarchist.

Most of the world hates you. You can't call them all anarchists, bud.
Most of the world sees your type as criminals. 
Sorry, but journalists are only seen as criminals to Trump fans and in fascist states.
Here we go again.. Why do you people always point fingers and assume shit about people?

https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/883045812074369024 …

'Backward' Poland vs 'Progressive' Germany 
https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/883069397048459264 …
Maybe the Hamburg Fuzz need to put out an all-points bulletin on the anarchist in chief bloke from Yankland?
https://twitter.com/donnawr8/status/883236748897263616 … #MAGA
Crowd chants 'DONALD TRUMP' in #Poland.

Reminds me of all times it happened to Obama...OH, WAIT.

…
#welcometohell
A pity didn't meet your fans in Hamburg just rioting to see you
Lets clean out #Chicago - send the Dems and their thugs packing - as their price for a one-time federal disaster relief loan.
Haven't been able to clean out Chicago since the 40s when Mayor Daly and Al Capone ran the town.  How so now will this happen?
To start, cleaning out Chicago means forcing out Madigan & Rahmbo, standardize vote procedures & systems, take a butcher knife to costs. +++
Good grief! Stay in your own patch of America!
I felt the opposite of safe when I saw a picture of Ivanka sitting representing the US at the summit. That was straight- up terrifying.
we must have different ideas about what “terrifying” means.
Realizing the president is incompetent? That's pretty terrifying to me.
well then i’m certain we have different ideas about what “incompetence” means.
The "anarchists" are protestors. Which in a free nation they are welcomed. You should maybe ask why they're protesting rather than shun them
No, the anarchists were dumbasses causing riots, the protestors demonstrated peacefully. It's not the same & we had both of them in Hamburg!
Really? How can the world feel safe as Putin installs a fucking madman in the White House?

  #FxckTrumpsky #Impeach45 #TrumpTreason
#g20 #Impeach45 #TrumpMustGo
If you're still fanboying for the Trump-Putin Kleptocracy, read this and get back to me.  https://twitter.com/sarahkendzior/status/883687719691579392 … #Rubes #EasyMark
Hey moron, protesters and free speech does not equate to anarchy.
To him it does. Remember he is trying to get rid of free speech
DJT is not the one that is attacking people because they disagree. That is the left.
His tweets speak for themselves
Do you mean attacking the media like CNN who has had to retract so many stories now, that now they are being sued for slander?
Anarchy: "a state of disorder due to absence or nonrecognition of authority." How Trump lives his life. He's the anarchist.
As an anarchist, we hate trump. Stop it
I'm a citizen and he's shit
Trump wishes he could fuck his daughter
Nah, it's just true. Can't wait for him to die shitting himself on the toilet after another well done steak with ketchup
Military? Eeehhh who told you that? Only police in the streets in Germany.
Just to be sure you saw my answer. Gsg9 are NOT military. https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/GSG_9_der_Bundespolizei …
Ah yes, probably like my German-danish let's me res Dutch - languages are beautiful, no? 
Read* ;-)
Just because people protest against you, it doesn't necessarily mean they're anarchists. #resign
But your wife did use it as an excuse to not attend the spousal activities #resign45
Germans have great riot control strategy. e could learn from them.

Send Bill for damages to deblasio and Obama
Voices of opposition are not necessarily "anarchists." I can see why you'd want to conflate the two to manipulate your audience.
The anarchist? U mean the millions of people around the world, who literally hate u? The people who want a clean planet not a trashed 1.
@POTUS true Americans appreciate the facts you publicly acknowledge and praise law enforcement as well as military. #MAGA 
@POTUS @PolizeiHamburg OUR MILITARY ISN'T CLOSE TO BEING EQUIPPED AS THE GERMAN POLICE ARE. PAY ATTENTION COMMANDER !
Glad that the trip went good and everyone was safe. Blessed to have a president that believes in the American people!
YOU'RE MAKING THE WORLD GREAT AGAIN, MR. PRESIDENT !!! YOU MADE AMERICA PROUD AGAIN !!! #MAGA 
You seem confused. America believes in free speech and freedom of assembly
They weren't anarchists, they were human beings wanting to be treated like something other than a commodity the wealthy profit from.
Need to go after Soros' & his antifa groups @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall #FakeNews
FAKE NEWS
My prez DJT !!!!
The globalists want socialism so the globalists can control everything and everybody
You DO realize that the Anarchists were the only Supporters you had there, right? Even the Confederate Neo-Nazis were only there 4 TV time.
And Duh-Blasio!
No need to fear the anarchists, Donny Boy, because they oppose rule. The Democrats are the ones who seek to rule us.
Ithink u r mistaken about who is the anarchist here.
Was erwartet man mehr von Dumb Trump
@Jenniffer2012  sabes q los gordos latinos (puertorriqueños) somos minoría vdd?
They are protesters. Hoover called them anarchists too. THAT turned out well for America
Thank you for your hard work Mr. Trump. Ignore the leftist hatred. They have a mental disorder and can't help their own idiocy.
Hope  used can of Raid if cockroach deblasio was seen slithering about. Yeek
let's call them what they are - violent leftist thugs.  No need to sugarcoat
Anarchists?????   You mean activists or protesters ???
Glad everyone was kept safe despite DeBlasio and his merry band of anarchists
Nobody feels safe with you around, Donnie.
Recognizing the thankless work of foreign police and military is another response by OUR PRESIDENT that MAGA. We lead the world in support 2
Yeah but they had to spill their blood to do it!  Event should've never been held there!  That country is screwed up!
The anarchist? Lol aka protestors #trump #toddlerpresident
Mr T he won 45 million lost 48 to Hillary an 10 million to other parts. That 58 Million against
Lest us not forget they were paid anarchists. Rented by the leftist money machine, paid for in blood!
U mean protesters? Part of a democracy or did u forget

They were there to protest you
Less so out here in the wider world w/a disaster like U 'incharge'. No 1 can say u did a 'spectacular job' US cred falls even further. Sad!!
People do not qualify as anarchists simply because they protest your existence and EVERYTHING you represent..which is NOT America by the way
it must give you warm feeling all over, the love from the Germen's, at lease the Russians love you
Tell them to get A Job
anarchist just means to live without a ruler or master.not 2 break any laws 2 get Ther.Those are RIOTERS Mr.Trump.I wit u,less govt is closr
We hav complicated our lives 2 a point wher,I can't evn wait til nxt yr,I'm goin bck home really soon.smokey mountains,ITS BEAUTIFUL nd easy
Not the Germans whose cars were set on fire, and whose stores were vandalized and plundered.
I guess you were #scared? #POTUS shaking in your boots...
And you are expert on anarchists...
Thanks for your words mr president I was on duty and it was a fucking war
Tell that to the people who's streets were terrorised by those scumsucking low life shits.
Well it's good you felt safe in your government housing, you know, since you can't handle the complexities of securing a hotel room
Anarchy? It's called protest. People do that when they don't like something. You're familiar, right?
Wasn't Washington an rebel. No one likes you #DonTheCom except dictators, oligarchs, #KKK, freedom haters, #Nazis and other scum.
Sadly, the world doesn't feel safe w/ a traitorous narcissist bumbling idiot w/ the control of a toddler having nuke codes.
#MAGA
Americans don't feel safe because of you.
Protestors =/= anarchists
Call him what he really is a power hungry demagogue
POTUS doesn't know difference between protesters and anarchists. Anarchists want no rule. Protesters are there to protest POTUS.
Amen to my brothers and sisters in BLUE.

This is what you're talking about instead of Russia and North Korea DISASTER????
Adam Best.... Your thinking is the worse!
YOU ARE STILL PUTIN'S PUPPET BOY!
Melania not so much having had to stay in her hotel most of the day!
You mean all politicians felt safe. Unfortunately your comment tells a lot about your perspective
They know a criminal when they see one You orange clown! #TraitorInChief
Hi Mr president I'm a american citizen who is 14yrs old and originally from Pakistan, my whole life I've lived in america and suddenly
The people were afraid of you !
Anarchists suck.
Mr Fart, if you ever come to the UK the law enforcement will have their work cut out and the military will have to be called out.
@ChristiChat @PolizeiHamburg I love how you play with these inept retrobate minds ! Bringing up safe places 4 liberals
Soros mercenaries.
I think you need a dictionary.
Anarchists????  Look that one up you dope.
"and they have a much better healthcare system" he might have added.
They're called protesters. If they were out there holding MAGA signs you would call them supporters.
But nobody was doing that. Germany didn't bus fake supporters in like the Authoritarian regime in Poland did.
Now get off your hairy as* and stop the weapon running to M.E.Trump and read this -
Yoo easy on them. The anarchist are going to be in for a surprise when we patriots say enough is enough and take them out.
If they hadn't we may have had better response to global warming. The most severe threat to this planet.
Uh you have that wrong.  You bring destruction.  You are the anarchist, whereever you go you bleed darkness.
They are communists.
Except for @FLOTUS who was locked in her tower
@Potus thanks for fighting for USA. Also for supporting the POLICE & Military. Traitor DeBlasio stands with Police killers. Such a disgrace!
Protest does not equal anarchy.
God! Anarchists!!! No honest people to see through you ! Are disgusted by you!
Then why was Melania stuck in hotel? 
Soros money reaches farther than anyone thinks
Too bad our president had such a poor showing!
So many verified people screeching autistically in every comments section
and felt even safer when you left
Anyone exercising frees speech is an anarchist? I guess you fall into that category as well since you trash talk Dems, press, FBI, CIA etc
What planet are you on? President Trump has been fighting to restore capitalism.
Donald Trump = GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER! WYOMING LOVES YOU MR PRESIDENT ♡
Germany did not use it's peaceful military during #g20 @Kanzlerin
Most took a positive tweet about the well-being of all G20 parties and soiled it. Why not be thankful
In spite of you being there?  That's good news.
everyone but your wife who could not leave her cottage due to safety concerns over protesters. can you just once tell the truth!
Protests were there because of you. Did Melania feel safe when not allowed to join other spouses?
Protestors are an integral part of healthy democracies.  You know, freedom, the bill of rights and all that jazz..
But yeah, you don't like democracy.  Your schtick is plutocracy...look it up Donnie
Did they hate you enough?
