Everyone better know where their wallets or pocketbooks are at ALL TIMES!
She only helps herself and her family.
That’s hilarious coming from the left... what the hell have the #firstsnow Clinton’s done for the last 40+ years? I guess that’s ok though... #Obummers just as bad as #Clinton’s and the corrupt #ClintonFoundation
Ivanka Trump supporting women?? Hypocrisy in the extreme. She should start at home with her misogynistic father. Has she no shame that he publicly humiliated her mother. No redemption here, Ivanka.
Only if it helps her first.
#Complict
Yes we don’t want to hurt her sweat factories in 3rd world countries
LOL
Hahahahaha
She wants to help women...take a stand against  her fathers behavior...take a stand hypocrites
Ivanka Trump as First Woman President in 2024, now that would be empowering women. Democrats say they support women yet we see that is nothing more than a shameful self-serving political ploy of epic proportions.
Ivanka, ,Acts 10:34 Then Peter began to speak: "I now realize how true it is that God does not show favoritism or partial .  Merit system for good News all without distinction special Club Merits? What is the base Line of Constitution ? Partiality ,Tribalism ,racist ,Merit base ?

IVANKA 2024 !!!!
Glad you're a champion on women. We love you for showing how much we actually do. Keep it up. We NEED YOU
Roy Moore should be in a straight jacket. Preschool is not detrimental to our children.
What does the fund get you, a factory in China?

Good luck in India this week!
Continue reading if you enjoy Liberal Troll posts complete with tears.


AMERICAN JOKE
ALL OF YOU ARE A JOKE!!!
@IvankaTrump 
WHY HASNT IVANKA TRUMP SPOKEN OUT AGAINST DOMESTIC VIOLENCE?
I THOUGHT SHE WAS  GATEKEEPER OF WOMEN ISSUES?
THIS WHITEHOUSE IS A CANKER SORE TO THE HARDWORKING MEN & WOMEN OF THIS NATION!
PEOPLE OF INTEGRITY & CHARACTER WILL NOT WORK FOR TRUMP! 
THAT'S THE PROBLEM!
What a joke ...
She’ll back out of her support like she did the last time. She’s as wishy washy as her Daddy.
to begin money laundering like she does?  Funny how they think their dealings are invisible.

Trump is getting off on talking dirty to @SenGillibrand , knowing the men of @gop and @TheDemocrats won’t do anything about it. He is actually getting off today. The children of the USA are watching Trump Get off…
Let the skim begin.
Stop wasting time w Ivanka. She is not qualified to help anyone. She is a rich bitch, nothing more. She pretends to help women, but only women in the workplace in other countries, NOT WOMEN IN AMERICA, WORKING OR NON-WORKING. Either someone is an advocate for women or not!
Funny, I heard you’d been charged with MONEY LAUNDERING.
America needs a restraining order on Predator Trump

#TrumpResign #Impeach45 #25thAmendment
Trump attacks on health care

Allowing women's bosses to make their health care decisions - harming health
Trump attacking Medicaid - helps working mothers w/ children
#ProtectOurCare

#IvankaTrump is a champion of #MoneyLaundering

What does your daughter say about the elephants ?!


You might as well bet on the daughter since the sons are endangered now.
Her job is at home raising many childre already suffering while she fulfills herself.
Keep YOUR  MONEY DUMB JAZZ
MORE U>S> GOVT HELPING NON CITIZENS OPRESS CITIZENS More proof military service undermines locals futures and empower treasonous civilians
Is she using Russian money?
Like!
trump's girlfriend shld  step down before she's in  jail for accessory to the fact with  Kushner and her stupid brother don, jr.
Please I need help getting my husband hear from India I’m sick I need him hear to help me
When you said it was ridiculous to suggest anyone in WH would support slavery, you forgot about Ivanka's slaves....
We don't want TRUMPS Children running or country! Please have her resign NOW!
Very good
Yep, help female entrepreneurs but allow the women in your factories receive incredibly poor wages and be abused by their supervisors
@IvankaTrump like she knows anything about it .. NEPOTISM big time.  but soon it will all be over lolz
Mattel is at work creating “Bullshit Barbie” in your lovely likeness. Little girls, this is NOT what you want to aspire to. Bad role model!
https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DYdfgYD4TmJk%26feature%3Dshare&h=ATOIC7tc6kjjlnpCaz9QmNxDcKoyunQjBHHdxrJi_Eo1AdURN0kycTeXI-fnOUhhJJvb1S2e0kd-jCv4HbBA0ugjwboIXMEFL3UlVb2-NxkUyFFBvuaODB3ifMF0N1N6caylYYZHWsw&enc=AZPYOpw9C-OmoohxZcx1UENt7QdzkVH7dPgZ8_LmWk4LlaD6qwoceVFEaocrPGgVsNMRtINJfxXGGdNf4KQ3hGJGbNf8Chzerc3U28Nf3C8zCdAAn6ijtNc44Kh-NQ0ezz-bqC4cPFUoi9tBbpV0gvi3SI2RN9vGwAIjSx87BSwT3WeRlhgDArSyoHDSAjVPo6W4UueOHKz5frh0qh3vCpdvbgo11N_6J-qKXXKBQfJ0TXd3WT9Me6tnucW0_v_NR19967hqBGx0ndiv_kCKnWruQ-NAP8lJdpMTtLH5wjY3h5HT0yjkhZQQGkA-IOzJC7PB43wFF4sWy3Ew9YnmYkl_-BxB9mWNlB_E6nBZCj2E2pKK9Nnndb0ODe2eivd_5OGqByC-hA5fe08Ymnr_VjHLMpGJKs8K7e8IT9O1bp-lpg&s=1 …
Que mujer más bella... Ella posiblemente sea la 1er mujer presidente...
Championed? Yea o.k NOT!
like daddy only interested in furthering her interests.  Made in China sold in USA.
I wonder where it went those 500 millions donated by the Saudis to Ivanka's charity, whose supposedly dedicated to help disadvantaged women.
GOP budget cuts $1.5 trillion from medicare/medicaid. Call 202-225-3121 to say NO to GOP tax cuts for rich!
Born wealthy, wants for NOTHING. Job handed to her-easy going for Ivanka!  She wouldn't have the slightest idea what normal women face.
.
What the fuck is up with her neck
You look so sad and empty. No soul. Poor thing. Step out.
LOL!!! What, Ivanka is STILL there? Oh the sheer madness of it all!! 

why not just let their billionaire daddies set them up in a business of their choosing???

She’s a fkn joke.
She’s a joke! Profit from defrauding everyone the Trump family comes in contact with. Except the Russian banks. She’s no different than her father....actually she’s worse. She uses her gender.
Champion being, mentioned.... no actual work done on her part.
She'll teach them how to hire workers to make her crap and copycat shoes for cheap wages.
Hey it’s Trumps girlfriend!
As @IvankaTrump @IvankaTrumpHQ  exploit labor to enrich herself & rip off customers. What an absolute hypocrite. She should be discharged!
operation to hide financial shenanigans has begun
the only way this makes sense is if Ivanka is discriminating against men and only giving women money to start a business
Glad we have Ivanka for young women to look up too versus Kardashian’s-Thank you DJT for raising your children the right way!

I have a hunch there’s much less there than meets the eye. And that some dough disappears quickly into Jared’s legal fund.
Is this not what they smeared Hillary about?
Thank you from all the single moms trying to get up that ladder
You spelled ".@IvankaTrump 's sweat shops that pay slave wages" wrong.
How about helping women to not work in your sweatshops
Roflmao
‘Championed is an interesting word since she does nothing to influence the negative impact on women in America or her father’s abuse of them
Yours dads religious agenda Ivanka suppresses women as entrepreneurs. They don't have access to private nannies and millions of dollars.
80 IQ black and brown women need Ivanka to show them how to start businesses. Can't their men show them? Whites are superior.
I thought @ABC was fake news @realDonaldTrump
Don’t trust the Trump daycare. The kids are sent home with carpel tunnel syndrome,a hazard when making clothes.
Trump is the AntiChrist. Watch her she will seal the money.
Maybe one day she'll champion an initiative for women workers who help make those entrepreneurs lives possible.
I love her! I don't care what anyone says I her
@ivankatrump The real question is how much will end up in her pocket?
Good, because all this cultural programming needs to equate to 10,000s of world-changing inventions, like the ones MEN have provided. #HTFU
Another Trump scam to enrich themselves just like the fake and illegal Trump "foundation".
hope she dosent have control of the money
What about the average working woman? She could care less and has no clue what the working women of America go thru to feed a family.. sad
I HOPE THAT YOUR FATHER WILL ALLOW OUR MILITARY TO CARRY THIER GUNS ON BASE FOR THEIR PROTECTION. ALSO IN RECRUITING STATIONS
Has she moved any business to the US yet?  What a crock.
What would she know, except how to con people #IvankaTrump

Trump claims insurance companies are reaping billions from Obamacare.

WaPo reports that they're losing billions. http://wapo.st/2gtnKPd 
would love to see where all the money has disappeared to.................
Fake news! Sad!
lol another crook bye trumps crooks
Of course, Ivanka's products are made in China, by slave labor...
Why is your neck so fucking long?
O-M-G - that literally looks  the rubber Barbie from the 60's...disguisting zombie.
How does she feel if those women are unable to get birth control because it's either too expensive or Mike Pence has achieved his dream?
Gotta be white and rich for this bitch to care!
Is she going to transfer that $ into Trump Org like Eric & Pediatric Cancer?

Oh good, I need a million dollar loan
I see plastic
https://twitter.com/TranslateRealDT/status/919746370751422464 … #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Sweatshops owned by Ivanka Trump, that keep women employees on slave wages, continue operating. https://twitter.com/ABCNewsRadio/status/919200639137091584 …
“Help women?” Sure. Ok. She helps herself. Apple didn’t fall far from the tree.
Mr. President I am your great supporter and am starting my own business. Why isn't Ivanka concentrating on American women entrepreneurs?
What about those sweatshops she uses?  Will she be endorsing them
Well done
She’s...
ComplicitcomplicitcomplicitcomplicitComplicitcomplicitcomplicitcomplicitComplicitcomplicitcomplicitcomplicitComplicitcomplicit #UGH
She is so pretty and smart.
She can help with healthcare for evryone who can't get help
In search of angels for help....
https://twitter.com/Lau87003306/status/913151290091331585 …
'Must be a pretty pic... you on your knees.' --@realDonaldTrump to Apprentice contestant.
Lemme guess, she shared words of wisdom like “Grab ‘em by the pussy?” #fucktrump
That face...
I thought you said ABC was fake news lol
No she is a nobody
Hippocrite!!!
And the fund only skims 99% off the top.
Look at this girl's face and you can tell that she is so ashamed of her father.
Dumpty  Trumptkys daughter wife.
In China?
We all know u wanna touch ivanka 
so long as lawyers defend people like donny we are going to keep needing foundations like this
Shes out buying Prada, whule her double stands next to Trump nodding her head with big glassrs on not saying a word  gullable Trump fanz
A Joke!!! What A Joke!!!!!
I thought u said ABC only published #FakeNews so.....
Doesn't she have better things to do, like slobbering all over #justintrudeau ???
Nice
Global fund championed by *Woman who has never worked for anything in her entire life* @IvankaTrump = #nepotism #daddysgirl #fakeassbitch
Entrepreneur=“one who organizes/operates a biz, taking on GREATER>NORMAL financial risk to do so.” @IvankaTrump =
#nepotism #daddysgirl
I think her and her husband both need to be stripped of their security Clarence keeping their father in the Trump organization is unlawful !
And how will you be scamming that fund my dear?
flotus?
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=47994 
Shea's worthless too
Jesus! Jesus! Jesus! Jesus! Wow he really likes you guys, what did I do wrong? Please help!

Has Daughter-Wife Ivanka forgiven you for what you did to her when she was a child? #WorstPresidentEver
Hey Ivanka - want to help women? Convince your father to quit!
AND DONNIE, TAKE THIS LITTLE TONE DEAF, USELESS ONE WITH YOU!
25TH ADMENDMENT NOWZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

No one voted for her, get the nepotism out of our WH!

gross
How big is her cut of their businesses?
Call me shallow, but her neck belongs in National Geographic.
Wait, I thought ABC News lies?
Geez, what a neck!
Women need livable wages and labor rights far more than they need “entrepreneurship” classes.
If by no fault of ours we r left with no husband I worked 2 Jobs to put my kids through college. I am 63 broken down & I pay a lot of taxes
Um what is she thinking in this moment
Wonder if this is going to work like every other t'Rump "Fund" scheme? Funnel the money to them and their businesses? t'Rump $1M donations?
how will this fund be distributed in the US..you have not explained who will be eligible to access to money from these global funds..
KOMPROMAT x4!
Sit down you stand for nothing !
"He knew what he signed up for." 
-@realDonaldTrump to a widow of a fallen soldier
If it's run anything like your foundation it'll only benefit the Trump family.
Why are you RT @AbcNewsRadio and calling them #FakeNews five tweets later? #ChooseYourOwnAdventure
that’s great, truly. i am a small (now medium) businesswoman and have needed money but couldn’t get any—and i am in the USA
Oh look its @realDonaldTrump next baby mama.
What if she pays her employees a decent salary and installs maternity protection. All mouth, no action only if it comes to other companies.
