What would you know about sacrifice? #NotMyPresident
Hahaha I love the fact that you hate President Trump. Because I get to remind you that he is your President for the next 7 and a half years.
Never going to happen #impeach
Thats what you all said when Trump ran for office. hahahaaaa
It's all a big joke haha it will all be over soon enough
As long as you can wait another 7 1/2 years for it to be over.
That's funny.
U bet  !
Sacrifices made yes, appreciated by this Government No. Our Military has been used and abused for no cause against America, especially the past 13 years, attacking innocent countries for Israel and the NWO is very disrespectful, Israel is our enemy. That's a fact.
You didn't serve, USN Vet
Loser draft dodger
So full of shit, #Trump. Ur a draft-dodging coward who uses/exploits vets & military 24/7. You've sacrificed nothing for US. Only care abt u
he cares enough about his country to leave his luxurious lifestyle to turn this country around unlike mr obama who put us in this place
Mat,Liberals can't understand common logic.All they understand is riot, and saying Trump is the problem, they live by a code do-blame-repeat
All republicans are is war mongers
Yeah nice tweet "sassywomen55"
Best President ever in History!!!
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families &amp;...
Unlike you!  They deserve our respect & admiration!
It's too bad that's nasty heel injury kept trump from making the ultimate sacrifice.
God bless to all
Let our prayers be with the lost souls of the families that lost their loved ones on this beautiful day!
That's sounds heroic
AMEN PRES TRUMP. YOU ARE A GOOD MAN KEEP DO WHAT YOU ARE DOING I AM PROUND OF YOU. GOD I ALL WAYS THERE WITH YOU.
"..except if you're Muslim"
Did you see that Obama's Memorial Day tweet got 650k likes!! 
WoW, that's bigly!
With talking so much cock & bull, he should forget the chicken & stick to eating cattle penises.
God will bless us when we start being Peace proponents. Just read the 10 Commandments. It explains how Christians should act.
Really. This from the President who got out of serving in Vietnam. Thank you rich Daddy. Many enlisted to serve. Trump is a coward!
I just honored them on my Instagram just search Preman Wak and go watch the video am proud of our veterans#MAGA
Bless them
You or your little boys never served this country so you don't have the right to honor our fallen, I have been to combat 3 times, kiss myass
"-and God help all the women I'm planning to 'grab by the pussy.'"
GOD BLESS YOU
All I have to say, those Liberals who watched the Comey investigation today? They discovered how fake CNN and the others really are.
そして神はあなたを祝福します。
America has nothing to than you for. Never served anyone but yourself.
thanks, draft dodger.
#trumpliarinchief
DON'T WANT THANKS FROM YOU REGARDING VETS. MY FATHER WAS A MARINE VET AND YOU DON'T EVEN DESERVE FOR SUCH WORDS TO COME OUT OF YOUR MOUTH.
Tacky on Twitter. You couldn't break from golf to visit some vets?
@MichaelCohen212
Military men and women hate draft dodgers.  That's what you are.
Service Dogs too but they are left behind in these countries Which is Wrong. They are released or given away. They are hero 2 Chabge This
Em
Amen
Unlike #draftdodger
This from a "leader"  who has no respect for desency period, leave alone for the heroes that paid with their life for our freedom
Indeed and God bless those that send them to make the "ultimate sacrifice".
Since WHEN did YOU Care?
Did obama serve in the military?
Jus liv in peace bro trump

Thank god they didn't have bone spurs ... otherwise they'd have to be American Heroes by pretending to President
Why worship murder? How often will history repeat? Plz read "A People's History of the United States". Hired mercenary assassins = not kind.
AMEN AND GOD BLESS YOU MR TRUMP!! WITH ALL YOUR MONEY YOU COULD BE PLAYING GOLF!! YOU MAKE A HUGE SACRIFICE FOR YOUR LOVE OF AMERICA!
VIVAN LOS HÉROES!
Don't forgot us Kenyans, support Kenyan financially....
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Please, Mr. president we Iraqis ask you to invite Ahmed Albasheer to produce his comic program from The White House.
NOBLE PATRIOTS DID NOT VOTE FOR YOU TO DESTROY THE PLANET!
You really don't care , you just care about TRUMP do you listen to yourself
Tiff times take a breath
Wasn't you ever though was it. Thought u said every president should have been in the service . Things sure changed when u ran for office
...and God Bless your bone spurs!
Why ?
Service you dodged 5 times
Amen
Too many wars for the profiteers. Too many deaths that accomplished nothing but putting the U.S. in further debt.
You should - after receiving five deferments.  God knows you never fought for this country.  MAGA; by voting you out after one-term.
And I just heard them turning over in their graves!
THANK THE MEN AND WOMEN FOR ULTIMATE SACRIFICE SO WE COULD BE FREE IN THE BEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD.GOD BLESS THE USA!
and yet you dodged it......
PLEASE u and lying Pence should stop invoking "GOD" in ur evil speach.  your souls belongs to SATAN FOREVER.
At least you didn't catch STD when you didn't fight in Vietnam@realDonaldTrump
You are the 'avoider' you never served - coward
I rather remember the victims of privately owned jails and prisons! Can you say TREASON?
Retweeting your own tweet. #weird
Who u are s sing back out to fight for your greed and stupidity!
Draft dodger
HEROES NEVER DIE！
Stop exploiting their sacrifice to feed your pitiful ego.  Send a true American hero, John McCain.
How are your bone spurs doing, ass with ears??
Thank you for taking on this huge respo nsibility of being our President.....i have faith that God gives u strength u need daily !!!!!
Never forget...never!
God bless the USA Real, because what you are and what you do, will be dificulty. Cofefe to you.
Good
Mr. Khan? Who're you kidding?
<= Your actions speak louder than words!
Pres Trump signs bill facilitating federal death benefits for law enforcement killed in the line of duty. (Pool photo @HorsleyScott) 
I guess they gave the ultimate sacrifice because they didn't have heel spurs....
Lot of bless for everyone.
That's great Trump! Tell me what you have done in the past! Oh that's right you were afraid to serve in the military!
What about taking away their healthcare?  Dishonorable behavior.
They call you #GIjoke
The people you have put in your cabinet shows what a real solid man you are keep up good work
The fact that we have wars and weapons says a los about makind, start think now.
God is not money
Blah blah blah
I mean that they was courageously stout!!! The hand of God bless them
Your red, white and blue rhetoric cannot cover your own lack of sacrifice and service.
Go away
Rrallyt? When was the last time you went to church
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop RT pls
I need to know. Is it true that your budget plans to take away disability benefits from our older disabled veterans?
You sure did a good job of honoring those people when you blasted the Khans during your campaign.
Agreed. 

(Oh, and God bless heel spurs. Right Donny?)
Said the habitual draft dodger 
Holà
You never went to fight in the war
I'm a veteran SPOTUS your pathetic!!!!!
Like you care about those people and their families. Everything is a photo op or just a way to pump up your brand and make you money.
draft dodger
You are a
Good Donald Trump
Didn't you evade the draft?
I hope to GAWD, none of them get captured or end up suffering from PTSD.
Climate change is real.
If only you were not a trader
Sacrifices you never did or will ever do.
God &  Jesus aren't from the U.S.A ,...
Interestingly, all dictators use God for themselves and their actions. Whom you wonder you do it too.
Thank you, you will go down as a great President!
Good work. I think you really protect american.
滚犊子

Ziplok - Donald Trump for United States President - Vote for Donald Trump https://youtu.be/mJ74YdyuYHg  via @YouTube @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Yeah - being gullible to "serve" and die to enrich multinationals. Dishonorable in my book! And stupid!
Why do U remember them? You've never done shit. #coward
Just so you know @realDonaldTrump my son will not fight in a war caused by you, or for a country governed by you. Not gonna happen!
You never made any sacrifice for your country.
Bull shit
Wishing you have developed wisdom from a perspective of having served with some of these members of our service.
也是怕了
Thank you! Mr President!
