America is Great alright,it's polite and avoids embarrassment by being quiet over the fact Michelle is a man!Joan Rivers died mentioning it!
Salute all those that love America!

Israel lights up Tel Aviv city hall in support of victims from overnight massacre in Las Vegas. 

That's funny. My friends and I protest Trump without needing to be paid or promoted to by some made-up protest sugardaddy.
She is beautiful and graceful. I love our first family. 
I find it amusing that suddenly people become prudes when they think nothing of R-rated movies that get aw awards. #Hypocricy
You have a rather prim view of porn. These are nudes, yes, but porn? Was Marilyn Monroe a porn star, too?
Exactly Danielle!
Help Us https://www.gofundme.com/4itcnmg 
YES, AND GOD BLESS YOU AND FAMILY...THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING YOU DO MR. PRESIDENT TRUMP...I APPRECIATE YOU
Yes, but how to immigrate there? I have feeling that if I'll play Green Lottery for thousands years, I anyway don't win & noone want hire me
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
So disappointed in our POTUS! God HELP America!
Call #StephenPaddock what he is, a TERRORIST! Say it #Trump, “RADICAL DOMESTIC TERRORISM!”
Keep your bullsh*t to yourself today and let WeThePpl recover.
Try to pretend you have some sense of decency and just shut up for one day.
Go away...to another country and ruin it!
Resign.
You talked about protecting Americans, what action are you taking on guns??? or is it all bull??
I'm not sure he will take any action on guns. The NRA prevents congress from doing anything. It's up to the states
Don't think he liked America yesterday ayy lmao
I used to be proud of our country, but that was before a bigoted, racist, uncaring person was elected president! @IvankaTrump @WVGovernor
No. Our country is in CRISIS and you are to blame! Resign or impeach!
You are delusional
We’re not proud of you. #resign
... resign LOSER
I'm so proud of our great President!!!
God Bless you Mr. President 

You and kind have fucked up the country...u play on divisions...and u condone white radical terror...cuz the face of terror in amerikkka ..
Proud to be Christian ,God bless America,life is short to waste ,if murderer could waste it to provide better music ,he would die in dignity
And we are proud of you Mr. President!
He keeps threatening N.korea and is looking for a “uge” war there.
I know where you get your news #VeryFraudNews


The day after a mass murder and you're proud??????????
We're not proud of you though.
POLL 

Is America a Christian nation??

Vote below and #retweet
GOD BLESS OUR TROOPS!!
I am so yada yada yada. Yada yada yada!
The Trump tweet at top is brought to you by Trump's staff (pictured above on the right.)
To bad this great country ain't proud of you
For what?  Having the most gun lunatics and Nazis in the world??  Congratulations!
Couldn’t have said it better myself
#ISRAEL reported this WAY TOO EARLY to EVER know#MANDALAYBAY http://82.221.129.208/.zy2.html #Censored #LasVegas
Then why do you keep hurting her people?

You may think that, but the whole world hates your goddamn guts!
50 some Americans, including some who probably voted for you might have a tad bit of disagreement with you on that. If they weren't dead.
*but not Puerto Rico.

If it's great, then your work is done and you can go home now.
God please bless our president !
Can you please explicitly describe the fantastic job he's doing? Seriously, I need to know. You being a minister, may be my eye opener!
Oh I don’t think so. You are smarter than that. Don’t give him a platform.
I felt like since he is a minister, conservative speaker and an activist, he was able 2 discern what I, 4 the life n me can't. Silly me! 
What if I asked the same thing about God, would you care then?
LoL, you're a trickster, not a minister, well, in this day and age, they're one in the same, SmH!... 
By “great Country” and “America,” you mean “first responders” and “ER doctors”...we, as a country, have little of which to be proud today.
Yesterday was bittersweet but I wouldn't be proud of a Mass Murderer.
Still no mention by Trump of what Stephen Paddock really was.  He was a Domestic Terrorist.
This attack shows us why we need more stringent laws and much higher penalties for those caught trafficking, selling, distributing or modifying illegal automatic guns! #guncontrolnow!
There are 10.54 deaths per 100K people in the US.  Only 0.23 per 100K in the UK!  Something is the deciding factor here!
Jimmy Kimmel is ten times the presidential figure that Trump is.  We need to take a stand against illegal weapons. That doesn't mean removing the 2nd amendment. It means making it harder to get ahold of automatic and semiautomatic guns so there isn't another #LasVegasShooting.
To all who tweet #GunControlNow , the weapon used was full auto,which has been banned since May 19,1986. More laws wouldnt have stopped this
we're proud of you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am so proud of you! So happy you are my President! God Bless You 
How can a draft dodger become President of the United States of America that I served fro 23 years and 8 months?
Idk ask Bill Clinton ??
Trump is a coward, womanizer, and corrupt business man.  Who do you think he will have build the wall we do not need?
And we are so proud of you @realDonaldTrump !  I'm thankful each and every day that you are my President!  Keep on fighting for USA! #MAGA
DEP0RT DEP0RT DEP0RT GET EM 0UT DACA MUST END GET EM 0UT
You're proud and the vast majority is simply embarrassed and ashamed. So thanks for that.
Did you ever leave the US under Obama? Over in Brazil they had a woman President thought of as a "female Obama"... they impeached her...
Yes, as part of the largest corruption probe in history. Your point is?
My point is this. More people respect Trump than they ever did Obama (world wide). I say that as someone who doesn't much care for the guy.
Where's your evidence, for both points?
Are you asking cause evidence would actually change your mind?
@realDonaldTrump Did you know there are a lot of bots tweeting back to you? Most of the bots like you. Can you please get rid of the bots?
@realDonaldTrump You see I enjoy reading real comments from real people, good or bad. I find comments by bots annoying and waste of my time!
Thank you, @POTUS!! So are we! We appreciate all you have done to help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#Istandwithtrump #2ADefenders #MAGA  #AmericaFirst #ThursdayMotivation
I love following you lol
With God hand guiding
Are u kidding 
Unfortunately no. Honestly the fact that most of his base are hardcore "Christians" is leading a lot people to call him the false prophet
Bullshit trump and his cult sad people 
American who believe that our country has fallen to many evils and President Trump along with others are putting it back on track
All the chaos and confusion is putting it back on track I don't think so and those helping seem to be getting a free ride
No chaos or confusion here? Know exactly were were going.
you are a great man, Mr. President ... but above all a great human being, God bless you
Prayers daily for President TRUMP #MAGA
Nobody's proud of you. America wants you out.
If America wanted him out then why did they vote for him...
Actually America voted for Hillary. Hillary won the people's vote. You do know that your vote don't matter.....right?
Trump got in because many did not get involved in voting and that's how a jackass gets in.
I'm so proud of my my President. Thank you sir. #AmericaFirst #AmericansFirst #MAGA 
GOD BLESS YOU @POTUS
We R SO Proud & Blessed 2 have u as our America loving Patriotic President! God raises up Kings & rulers & there's NO DOUBT HE put u n WH!
Think abt it..How else could he have won with Nazi SOROS propaganda spewers skewed polls & massive voter fraud n 16 states that we know of?!
Yeah and women can't even get free birth control now. How much lower can you actually go? I'm ashamed of you and I'm not even American
What a piss-poor reason to dislike him.  Its all about free stuff. You demos, liberals are so negative. You're a poor excuse 4 Americans?
How can a draft dodger become President of the United States of America that I served fro 23 years and 8 months?

God is the key word to #MAGA and the left doesn’t know God or who He is! That’s the problem! They are morally bankrupt as a result!
The only reason the UK and it's car crash of a govt isn't the biggest laughing stock on the planet is solely due to Donald J fucking Trump.
I so wish we could be proud of our President. Isn't it #MuellerTime yet?
Thank you Mr President for being committed to the American people
AMEN!
Imagine glorifying your country after another mass shooting, lowering standards of health care, and pleas for adequate government help.
I am grateful for our First Family 
What exactly are you proud of? That people will cal white domestic terrorists anything but "terrorist?"
Or that people will fly off the handle when their 2nd Amendment right is challenged after a lifetime of trampling other's rights?
America is fine. It’s you we’re worried about!
And America loves you Donny 
I am an American and I DO NOT love Comrade Donny!
We are proud of you, too!
You said america was terrible in your inaguration speech. I thought you wanted to #MAGA. Now you say its GREAT?
We r proud of you Mr. Pres. U truly r taking the world on alone but u r not alone. We the People  & support u % while u drain that swamp!
Thank you for being such a fantastic cheerleader for America!!! We deeply appreciate it !!!
God bless America. MAGA
And we are SO proud of YOU!! Thank you for your sacrifice and hard work!! Thanks, too, to your amazing wife and Family!!!
God bless you and America!
.... but NOBODY is proud on YOU !!! 
And we are so proud of you  too @POTUS
The same country that allows citizens to bear arms and kill each other?
I am so confused. We just faced our darkest day
One of our own kills 59 people and injures 540. Why the hell are you proud?
This is one of the nations saddest weeks. Are you living in an alternate universe?
This is reality. Not your fantasy world.
I am seriously confused here. Why would you make such a tweet in such an awful time?
You’re basically just looking for something to complain about honestly

Well Puerto Rico is America and you haven't done shit for them except throw paper towels to them.
If only your country was proud of you.
We are
yeah go trump
no trump is not good
Trump is the best
Don’t drink the Kool aid
John, you've apparently drank enough Kool Aid to fill a cement pond.
Sorry no dew drop but keep ur cup handy it will be filled
The cool aid brigade was out in full force for Obama so the cool aid has been used up, maybe in your cement pond.
Sorry dew drop no cool aid but the way this clown show is going u might jump in front of the trump train  oh yeah maga
You still must be thinking of Obama.  You do know it is 2017 don't you. Be careful of the things you inhale before you tweet.
Ur insult sucks just like u quite aware of the yr and wishing obama was back and that moron gone oh yeah maga 

God bless!
God bless you president 
kampai 
@POTUS God bless u Mr president, I just pray dat Nigeria president will imitate ur ways
And the People are so proud and thankful God heard our prayers and sent us a man who loves America and her people!God Bless and keep us
My amazing President @POTUS Trump.
God bless @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @VP and your families God bless America
RIGHT ON GOD BLESS AMERICA & GOD BLESS and PROTECT OUR GREAT PRESIDENT TRUMP  PATRIOT showing America his TRUE LOVE for his COUNTRY 
Jeta
And we are proud of you Mr President. thank you for all you do for us.
Having to deal with idiots from everywhere everyday
The "c" in country is not supposed to be capitalized, go back to elementary school
I don't think he ever attended in the first place!
 true true
ALWAYS AND EVER
You do know that #PuertoRico is part of America, right? Reinstate the #JonesAct waiver and help the island recover. Stop golfing and grow up
God bless you President Trump!  We realize how you fight everyday to Make America Great Again. The swamp is deep but we work hard to drain 
God Bless America and God Bless The Trump Family

All of the American patriots are so proud of you and thankful we have you! 
I am going to tweet pretending to be upset about something behind the meaning of this statement!
🕇Blessings Abundantly!🕇
We're embarrassed of you! Please resign! #Resist
He won't while your in office! Your destroying America!
Love you @POTUS and @FLOTUS. May God continue to keep you and your family and admin safe! 
I love this country s much.
Me too. God bless the USA
 THANK GOD DONALD TRUMP IS OUR PREDIDENT!!
Please know we are not proud of you. You are a blemish on America's democracy. And that is how history will remember you...only a blemish.
God bless POTUS!
I am proud of my President. God Bless him!
Christ bless you!!
Donnie you stay WALLin.
Thankful that you are President. Praying for you, your family, and staff daily. I am proud to be an American
Amen ! Mr. President you still have MILLIONS of proud UNITED states citizens & immigrants who truly love our beautiful country !
I’m so proud of you, our great President! God bless!
Shame that pride isn't reciprocated by most Americans.
Only the losers in America. And, reading these comments, man there are so many negative losers in this country. Nothing better to do?
Your country is decidedly not proud of you.
They are angry and afraid of how much harm you are doing to our country.
HARM?  Where in the HELL have you been the past 8 years...under some freak-in rock! I'm new to Twitter, never knew so much negativity exist
We are so proud to have such a huge hearted intelligent man of action as our President Thank you Sir for all you do. God bless you
I'm ashamed of our government that provides madmen their tools to murder the innocents
I have never before been ashamed of our county and citizens more.
Take the next plane to one of those third world countries!  You people don't realize how good you have it here. You're all so envious. Loser
As he's screwing you with his tax breaks that benefit the large corporations and 1%. He's a con man & you get conned every day!
I know you are so proud of america and you are not of Puerto Rico. I know you don't like us as american citizens. sorry but we are
Yea I am Puerto Rican and proud to be but i,m also American. I am proud of P.R, but i.m not proud of its gov..
How do we & the continue to respect a country who allows a stolen election by a corrupt party that is on the wrong side of the civilized 

I can honestly say....your THE WORST POTUS ever...
Another one!  Where in the HELL have you been the past 8 years?  You people who are ashamed of this president, look in the mirror.
Me too . Thank you Mr President Donald Trump ! My family appreciates you .
Best vote I ever cast!
You have the best words.
God bless you mate your doing a magnificent job for not just Americans but the world your a true blue champ # mtwga# make the world gr8 ag

I am too and proud of you Mr. President 
You spelled Russia wrong.
The work you have done is making things great again
We have a sociopath for a President.
We are so proud of you mr president.stopping the u.n globalist agenda foe Trudeau elites stopping Islam and the violence death that follows
Amen trump
I love you both @POTUS and @FLOTUS! GOD BLESS you and GOD BLESS AMERICA! 
The Puerto Rico Project! Watch the video and please spread the word. We want to help the American people.
So am i. Thank you for working so tirelessly to MAGA.
How many of your countrymen are proud of you?
God, this man is evil, and going to kill us all. 
Yes beautiful America
Keep up the good work. Best president keeps their promises. Obama was a failure & a traitor. Clinton should b in jail. Don't give in.
This must be the  "Mission Accomplished" moment.  America is finally Great Again. only took 9 months.  @realDonaldTrump  can retire now.
I’m sure you meant formerly great country. Twitter trips up one’s meaning sometimes.

HOW LUCKY 
Thank you, Mr. President.
may you lead with honour and dignity Mr President
FAKE
Like, for the past 8 years someone worked to actually make America great again after a recession.
Thanks for being there for so many hurting Americans who have gone through so much.Americans appreciate your compassion. @FLOTUS Thank you!
I don't know how much CNN was paid to always criticize U great man Trump.. ignore they will soon honoure you
What part of this are you proud of? What about that shooting was a miracle? What about us is greater than before you became president?
You deliberately made fun of a mentally challenged man, refer to women as only sexual objects, and are a class-A example of racist old man.
You are the GREATEST President the world has ever seen thank you and God bless you!!!!
Historical fact proves otherwise.

Were not proud of you. 
We're not proud of you snowflakes. Burning our flag, our cities, destroying our history.  You're an embarrassment to this country.
This country enables you to take advantage of the hard working Americans. You manipulate to better you. You get wood watching people suffer.
Thanks to you, Mr. President we can all be proud of our country again! #ThankYou
Donnie, stop saying that. You don't believe in God.
??????????????
You’re such a great President.
Thanks ....we aren't proud of you tho
I am more ashamed of what this Country became with your Politics of Discrimination, Hate and Fear
After the past 8years, I can finally say, I'm proud of our president! God bless you sir, your family, and our great country!
My God Bless you and this country once again president Trump.
Thank you Mr.President for the 3% tax break! You have accomplished more in the first 1/2 year in office than Obama did in 2 terms!
E Plurbus Unum Mr President
Proud of you please stand for us real American
Unfortunately we are ashamed of you FAKE PRESIDENT
Help end the eld mandate on us small trucking companies  ATA does not  speak  for us truckers
Come help us too in Africa We are Dead working people
Traitor Trump.
And yet we are so embarrassed by you.
