.Splashing bogus blame around for your own failures makes you look as stupid as you may well be.
#heisnotfit #toddler #dotard
No one is giving you a cookie for this one, and you can't lie your way out of it. Even Fox can't spin your shit tweets into pudding.


Wa I got the flag upside down, except for himself and not for America
You played golf and betrayed the country.

what is your fucking problem?!
Yes WE have! God Bless EVERYONE!!!
You're the biggest politically motivated ingrate of them all, butch!
Great job in PR Mr President and all first responders.  Everyone must help to get the aid to our citizens.
the amount of people without drinking water has gone up ...
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,...
Trump is like a crazy racist grandpa on his rocking chair spewing hateful garbage every few minutes. Except this one leads our country.
I cannot fathom how any sane person can attack the mayor of a devastated city who was only asking for humanitarian aid. It's beyond wrong.
And to tweet all this garbage from a golf course while people in Puerto Rico are fighting for their lives is just the worst imagery possible
We don't have a President. We have a hateful monster in the White House. Or as Michael Che so eloquently expressed, he's a "cheap cracker."
Dr. Gu. You want to say Trump is racist but Michael che
Can call him a cracker or whatever he wants where's the outrage there people like you helping destroy America

You haven't done shit .
You have been totally irresponsible and disgusting regarding what you've said and not done regarding Puerto Rico. You are a total disaster.
We? You and your high heels wife and the staff at your golf club? We can see how you set priorities.
Wasn’t impossible for President Obama to help Haiti. You’re so incompetent. Fake leader.
"Ingrates" you sure do love those dog whistles don't you?

There is a difference between stating facts and persuading people to see your point, & straight threatening and demeaning a person!
Oddly enough, every time you say fake news, the majority of Americans deem it anything coming out of you/Fox News, NOT MSM. You should stop.
Americans are in safe and capable hands with you at the helm. Thank you President Trump! 

there is only one ingrate in this country - YOU
Do you realize you're not the employer you're the employee??
#hesnotfit
Odd how @CarmenYulinCruz found time to make a political tshirt but not show up to FEMA & HS meetings. #MAGA
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.dailycaller.com/2017/09/30/exclusive-fellow-puerto-rico-mayor-rips-san-juan-mayor-shes-not-participating-in-any-meetings/ …
#GodFirst #takeaknee It's Sunday. A day of prayer. Are you on your knees while your thumbs are insulting fellow Americans?

Something seems off with San Juan Mayor, claiming to be on "saving Lives Team" when FEMA says she doesn't come to coordination meetings.
The mayor is bizarre, she's yapping on about inefficiency & bureaucracy whilst standing in front of tons of donated food clearly withheld.
Use of "Fake News" undermines the 1st Amendment of the Constitution which you swore to defend.
Shhhhh stop posting
Jamie, are we ingrates? I’m not motivated by anything this morning, so maybe not?
THANK YOU TRUMP!
https://www.unicefusa.org/donate/support-unicef-usas-hurricane-relief-efforts-puerto-rico/32952?utm_campaign=2017_misc&utm_medium=cpc&utm_source=0178/2/_Google&utm_content=PuertoRico&ms=cpc_dig_2017_misc_0178/2/_Google_PuertoRico&initialms=cpc_dig_2017_misc_0178/2/_Google_PuertoRico …
Yeah for sure man
Nobody believes you anymore.

Except the bots following you.

They believe.

Too bad they can't vote.

#TrumpsKatrina
For your information we are smart, intelligent & know this country needs a business man & not  crooked politician. Greatness is growing
Ingrates?
that is what you call your citizens after they go thru a natural disaster?
RESIGN
You can't even manage a McDonalds
So fare 268,000 have moved to #Florida  to vote DEM ..Thanks DJT @orlandosentinel  ..GET THOSE FOLKS REGISTERED @TomPerez #Millennials
Puerto Rican police officer tells the truth about mayor not distributing supplies but selling them! Trump is right.
https://twitter.com/crusher614/status/914564272822173696 …
The media couldnt even prove the veracity of this anonymous caller, and Mega Latino radio station is not a valid source.
Hypocritical. Still NO PROOF of any Trump/Russian collusion. This Witch hunt been going on for months, yet Dems/Libs still call say guilty??
You're kidding right? Kushners emails, maybe?
The facts are that people are dying because enough hasn't been done.  That's all anyone needs to know
https://www.facebook.com/MikeCernovich/videos/1320015924794123/ …
No you haven't.  P.R. is still mostly in darkness two months out and the people are emigrating in droves.
Why no more red carpet at the Whitehouse?
Prove it.  Show us your history of your ancestors to prove your statement!
What did they build?
The white house is one, make your family tree is clear from slave owners before asking for receipts...
As a PR thank-you.  You are doing great in my book.
Yes sir massa trump.  Thank you for throwing dem paper towels at our heads. And thank you for the Jones Act.  Without it all these do gooders would be here with all these supplies knowing full well we don’t need it.  Great job!!!!
Do not tell me that you never threw something at someone who asked for or stretched out a hand for it.  In a crowd like that one it would not have been easy to reach an outstretched hand.  Wake up snowflake.
So you’re saying the President was right to throw items at victims of a natural disaster?  And I’m the snowflake.  Just the part that says snow disqualifies me.  People, all people should be treated with respect and the only respect trump has is for money!  Stick that SNOWFLAKE!!
Ever cut yourself?  What color the flesh/blood.  Honey wake up, all are the same under that tan/pale skin.  As for throwing something have you ever not thrown an object at someone when they ask, like a roll of toilet paper.  I have.  Read Trumps bio he is more than that.
You just have one big hard on for dump trump huh?  You must be blind, deaf or dumb!  You choose!  Now this pervert in charge wants to put a PEDOPHILE in the senate and you still stuck on paper towels.  Did he sexually assault you and pay you off?  So JUST STFU!  Reality check!
Pictures , videos from Puerto Rico
Are not fake news.
9+million children's are losing healthcare
Because you didn't authorised CHIP
HIPOCRAT
Does Puerto Rico pay federal Taxes to the govt that they are demanding help from?? Sounds like you guys have crooks running your local govt?
Yes they do pay federal taxes!
If the U.S. TAKES a territory, then they're responsible for it.
The people have to take responsibility too, in the state's we work for what we get.
They are !!! If you're insinuating my people are lazy think again.
Thanks Marisol. Exactly what I wanted to say. Some people around here are just plain ignorant.
She showed her racist colors and deleted the tweet. Assuming we're freeloaders ...
You are at the helm of fake news.
Who's this "we" of which you speak?
And that’s exactly why the Mayor called you out. The only “fake” news is what you just posted about yourself.
Trump is right
What's REALLY going on in Puerto Rico
+a little perspective on the San Juan Mayor
whose description of US efforts contradicts the Governor's 
Trumps a liar and his supporters are his muppets looking for anything to fit his narratives and lies
#fake45 strikes again with self-serving propaganda, sick of this liar. #IMPEACH https://www.rawstory.com/2017/10/busted-leaked-bossert-memo-reveals-white-house-strategy-to-duck-blame-for-maria-mess/ …
The real liars are Obama and Clinton. Thank God she never won. The real corruption & lies would have went on and never been uncovered.
This is fake news. Puerto Rico is suffering terribly
No you haven’t. How about you go live there for a month without power or water. Oh right your silver spoon bootstraps are showing.
Hahaha. If you're the only one congratulating yourself maybe you aren't doing that great? 
My family in Mayaguez would beg to differ.
How’s that Puerto Rico recovery coming along?
Disgraceful!
Liar.
So glad you tweet directly  because I sure don't believe the prevaricating media.
lies, lies and more lies. This is despicable.
I worked as a dispatch broadcaster up until the 10th of November and so little is done that we are regrouping to help some more. Stop lying. The internet and cameras exist. We see you.
I am looking forward to hearing you say that in Florida in 2020.
Stop dude!  Just stop it!  Almost *60* days without power!!
Hur i helvete kunde jag råka ut för att stämplas för retwet till detta elänade (=Trump)
People that live there have no Reason To Lie About How They’re Living,
You should be ashamed of the "great job" you have done in Puerto Rico.  Americans on the island are dying, starved, thirsty, living with no electricity and you have the nerve to pat yourself on the back?!
No you have not done a good job!!!
Rrrrrrrrrrrrr.  Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, going to c for myself and if u r lying, i will b back
"Ego is the anesthesia that deadens then pain of stupidity." Heard that quote and for some reason I thought of you.
And “Ego” and “denial.”
Wow you’re you consistently lie. Then you lie about your lie. Then you lie about lying about your lie and then you want everybody to believe you because you are a bastion of honesty
#getofftwitter #bealeaderforonce #youarefakenews
great job of bragging about weak response. Fake POTUS
Puerto Rican's not lying about need for more & faster response. Not politics, Just trying to survive. You only care about a political win.
The mayor of San Juan is a ingrate !!
Mr. President don't you realize that if you even came up with the vaccine for cancer it be a a day late and a dollar short
Donnie, you clearly need a nap. The 'fake news' thing died a death two months ago. Grow up.
Don't worry keep tweeting about dumb shit while Americans are dying and losing everything they have. Like those in CA

Your going to Las Vegas tomorrow 1 day after the shootings you still haven't been to PR they are Americans too
Fantastic job with Puerto Rico  .  The Island was almost under water and a million people need drinking water.
...Oh did I mention the list ranks presidents from Worst to Best!! Congratulations!! You are #1. 
If Puerto Rico is going to continue bashing U.S. relief efforts, maybe they can do a better job on their own? This is despicable.
No you haven't...
Mr, Bankruptcy HimselfHelp rebuild where most per capita enlist. Fight for .
liar!
You've done crap.
only for the real fact that you haven't a clue what you are doing and pathologically lie out of every sitch but we C U
No, you have not done a great job in Puerto Rico. You have treated the ppl there like 2nd class citizens. Talking about your budget?
"Have done a great job"???? It's not over yet you freak!
Hahaha, I hear @JohnOates' & @darylhall's "you're living in #dreamland"

You meant FACTS. Follow @DavidBegnaud on FB and you'll will see the facts for yourself with plenty of proof (even before H. Maria).
What a wa*k
A German company is sending energy storage systems to aid Puerto Rico http://bit.ly/2xWWhvH?tw=share … via @dailydot
Doing well in spite of the communist in PR...
huh?
do your job and please shut up..
You have NOT done a great job. People are dying at your hands. I can't comprehend how evil you have to be to actually be okay with that.
YOU SUCK
Did you even leave San Juan to see the damage the rest of the island has sustained?
You are dangerously close to popping.  You’re so full of hot air it’s scary. POP
If you think dealing with #PuertoRico is hard, think twice about your rhetoric w/NK. Nuclear fall out way more difficult.
Can a president be impeached for being stupid???

No matter what you say, it took you 4 days to get with your people,
Played golf & tweeted non stop about NFL 
Delayed respond
Thank you Mr President for the help ypur sending to Puerto Rico. The government there is corrupted and inefficient from all accounts.
16 vs 1000s! Are you insane! Your off the chart sickening!
Your job sucked!!!
Brag on yourself much.
You have done nothing but cause more pain. Shame on you. Suck minds live chaos.
#fucktrump
Stop the negativity, just get the job done!!!
I hope you plan to take a walk with the Mayor of San Juan through the sewage-filled waters holding a bullhorn and calling for survivors.
Great optics!
If you got hate in your heart. Let it out. 

#TrumpRussia #25thAmendment
Id love to know how Puerto Ricans are feeding into "fake news" with no electricity  lack of basic needs. Assistance was/is totally possible
Dear @realDonaldTrump I've seen you throw paper towels and rice at Puerto Rican's. Their not dogs. Treat them equally as u treat others.
You are making us proud....Keep up the great work.
Your the Only Ingrate in this one, Trump! #Repeal&ReplaceTrump
U have not produced confidence to get the job done.  it will take years. no ingrates or fake news  it makes u sound paranoid. mental illness
Stay the course,  Mr President. 

Liar, liar, pants on fire!!!
AMERICA
WHEN DOES CONGRESS GET RID OF THIS FAKE PRESIDENT
& GET US A REAL ONE
SMART, KNOWS WHAT THE HELL HE/SHE IS DOING?
WE R LOSING TIME!
Gun control!!!!
The LIAR IN CHIEF is trying to say what a great job he’s done, in reality, he’s a failure! Real Americans stand up 4 PUerto Rico
Every time you open your mouth a little piece of poop falls out. We all see it. Keep it closed.

Shut up!
Set Puerto Rico free or become a state.
Can't trump step down, if only just to shut these whining lefts up for 5 min. They wouldn't be happy if trump turned out to be Jesus.
Wait, who is a politically motivated ingrate?
Who is helping the Puerto Ricans? The leader of the FREE world. Thank you, Angela Merkel, for helping Americans.
Our so called 'President' is unable or unwilling to help #PuertoRico so Angela Mercel of Germany has stepped in.   https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/10/2/1703392/-Germany-steps-up-to-help-rebuild-power-grid-in-Puerto-Rico-s-emergency-relief-centers?Detail=facebook …
OMG he is such an a-hole
The fake media is making up this "Germany" place. It probably doesn't exist.
شركة كشف تسربات المياه
تمديد الغاز المركزي
عزل مائي للاسطح والخزانات
فحص فلل
اتصل بنا الان نحن في خدمتك
0538007045
Good grief it is not fake news re Puerto Rico and anyone who believes you is living in LA LA land.
Mr Pres I’ve research Hurr Katrin Pls look at my plan to stop them.it is within u http://power.Review  my plan need u ad bobdon77@msn.com
You deleted some of your nasty tweets about PR Texas state debt: $395 million. Hurricane response: Fast and effective
I hope you soon will be hanged for treason you wanker, bred by a white bulldog! I am contra abortion, excepting your mother and her brother
Correction: Many are doing their best. Your use of "We" indicates that you are somehow involved in this support, by either word or deed. Ha!
thank you president Trump
IMPEACH HIS LOW IQ ASS....LOL LIDDLE? REALLY
GO TRUMP 
You must be blind.
CONGRATULATIONS!  You are officially the GREATEST, PETTIEST man alive.  
Only thing I'm motivated by is your ineptitude.
Keep up the good work Mr President.  Your care & concern for the Puerto Rico & Las Vegas is far above other Presidents!
No, you did not
Bwahahaha Donnie 
Nope you are still delusional.
Families of 5' receiving 6 bottles of water and snack packs
Of course, you always do the greatest job. You are the bestest. You are YUGE, you are the most manliest man ever. Hahaha
shut up
BS! Stop golfing and go to work
No you haven’t.
No, you have not.
There is no "fake news" about no water food or medicine. Instead of a photo oppt tomorrow go walk in the mountains and see for yourself.
