Someone get his bottle and put him down for the night, please.
Just stop.
Now this.... I can agree with, sir.
Trump is the best president #blessed #proudamerican #maga
I think you're drunk
Well, not Vietnam obviously, or Korea for that matter, Afghanistan, Syria, a few other places.
Glad you tweeted this after insulting a woman's face, CNN, and Obama this weekend. Glad you finally had time for this.
You are the evil and an oppressor.  Funny you should choose those words. BTW, why didn't you serve, Mr draft dodger? #LiarInChief

And we oppose you and your authoritarian hate.  #VetsAgainstTrump
Amen
"Are." They "Are" the story you terrible Nazi toddler.
And when GOOD defeats EVIL you'll be IMPEACHED and hopefully ARRESTED.
Never stop tweeting!
I agree...just not for the same reasons.
and the story of a draft dodging, trust fund baby cowering on the sidelines.

Then how come you were not a soldier or youre kids?

Let's all remember some of the things @POTUS said about the military.... #ComradeBoneSpurs
You need to Remember that when you're reading the healthcare bill and submitting the budget for the poorest Americans and veterans

Philippians 4:19
And my #God shall #supply all your #need according to His #riches in #glory by #ChristJesus.

What will you say when the military turns against you? It won't be long.
It will never happen as they voted for him
Nice fantasy. But not all of them voted for the tangerine twatwaffle. There were 3 others on national ballots. Some states had up to 8. So..
Tangerine Twatwaffle
Right on brother!
Overcoming oppression , string protecting the weak?  WHO WROTE THIS??? coz Trump wouldn't and couldnt.
While you dodged the draft.
We women veterans are disgusted with @realDonaldTrump and your disgusting actions. You're such an embarrassment to the whole country.
Overcoming our being oppressed? If youre brown yes but other nations arent oppressing us except your pals in the Russian Hacking program
Well thank you for cutting my VA disability pay in your budget! 317,000 of us will be below poverty wages. Thank you for your recognition
Used car salesman
so you believe in strong protecting the weak? President coming down on ppl on tv bc you dont like what they say
Taking away millions of Americans Healthcare just give the rich a big tax cut is just EVIL

LIBERALS TRIGGERED!!!!!
There is something seriously wrong with you
Yep.
lemming at it
Yep.
Sorry, looks more like Obamacare to me..
22 million Americans lose health care looks like ....
Maybe you can retract your comments about McCain so that if our servicemen and women are captured,they'll know that they matter to their CIC
Except for the POWs. Right? You've already made it abundantly clear that you don't like soldiers who are captured during battle.
Leave it to a liberal to not get an OBVIOUS joke from Trump, but insist Kathy Griffin ISIS photo is "just a joke"!

he will not pay you in money
Too bad so many cannot enjoy a nice family day at the state beach this weekend. #ChrisChristie
Unless you're a Christie
That's how conservatives role. It's a ME world.
Why? Our crude and narcissistic POTUS' is the polar opposite of our vets who bear themselves nobly & sacrifice endlessly. #trumpsangryinch
So did you respect Obama?
Mr. President I am honored to stand up and defend our Great Republic from the Evil and Hatred of the world. Thank you sir!!!
I will defend your right to be abusive and insulting. Your Freedom of speech is paramount even if you are hateful and evil. Think about it.
Wow. I can't believe the hatred that is spewed from those on the left. Incredible.
I am not. I have been verbally abused in this manner my entire military career. Typical evil response they ALWAYS have!!!
I'm sorry for the abuse you've had to endure and am embarrassed by it.
I am proud to defend freedom of speech. Sometimes the sacrifices we make are closer to home than we would like. I'm proud to provide freedom
You're a brave man. God bless you
Hummnn so why take from the poor and give huge tax breaks to the rich
URdescribing Dems way of doing things.Durng Obomit USgovemt transferred $4.5 TRILL 2 wall street.Of Course Soros wanted anemployee in the WH
Ur on twitter... can not be true. Twitter is a place to lie freely.
I'm everywhere my man. I know what I'm saying.
Ur your own hero 
So you’re saying that soon our men & women in uniform will be HAULING YOUR ASS OFF TO JAIL? Hoping you won’t force things to go that far.
Name the crime.
Treason
How so?
Obstruction of Justice.
God Bless our troops & our veterans who have fought & are fighting for the freedoms we have today. God Bless this shining light.
Lol
Glad to have a @POTUS that celebrates our nation's independence over Ramadan. Starting to feel like America again #covfefe #lynhbt #maga
What does covfefe mean??? Love you FLOTUS and POTUS. #MAGA.
My father is a VET in a wheelchair so how will U help help him since U haven't done anything to help him yet!
Since Obamas healthcare he can live in his OWN apt. & have a Nurse come each day to help w/ medicine Under Trump this can go away!!
NOT LIBERAL, NEVER Voted 4 Obama! NEVER said anything Nasty 2 U except now, GO back to school & learn how to write a sentence correctly!
"Pretty impressive for farmers with pitchforks."
That is astonishing! Absolutely priceless with respect to true patriotism. Most today could not grasp that type of devotion to a cause.
Every government degenerates when trusted to the rulers of people alone. The people, therefore, themselves are it's only safe depositories.
Wonderfully said. Government only exists because of people. The converse is not true.
The quote was from Thomas Jefferson on the state of Virginia, c1781. Our founding fathers voices ring true today. God bless the USA.
Yes I knew your statement was historical; I just found that Jeffersonian quote. They (forefathers) were light years ahead of their time.
Far more aware than the lemmings representing us on the Hill. What a disgrace.
Forefathers would be in awe of the way Congress conducts itself; they'd have Bills on the Pres' desk in a day. They'd look at Pelosi & gag!
Please stop using the U.S. logo on your tweets. You do not represent us. You have nothing in common with us and only pander to your donors.
@RRglocal
A discussion among Russian leadership not an a adoption agency to get Americans to adopt Russian babies???
We should bring back the Pledge of Allegiance in our schools k thru 12.
And foreigners taking over other people's land, inspiring hate towards others of different skin, and bullying others with opposite opinions.
... Zod Bless America!
Visited Andersonville POW museum yesterday, got sick to stomach recalling you dissing John McCain. My husband felt the same way.
Is Trump a comic book fan?
SOMOS MUCHAS LAS PERSONAS CON ESPIRITU DE PROTECTORAS
Pig
I love our new president, hes doing a great job. Keep it upDonald Do guest get to stay at the White House. I Couldn't pay for a stay.
Thank you for killing the oppression of Christianity in America. Obamanation along w/ the dark clouds have cleared! God bless you!
How about you honor our military by NOT starting a way with NK?!
Says the guy with the debilitating bone spurs as he golfs more than any President in history.
Yep.  Please model the same sir.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
The Middle East is very old country this is demonic thinking from the fat cats and what they're doing dismantling the Middle East
In a way you're right. Though it's usually the exact opposite of what you'd think. Wherever there are no american uniforms, there is freedom
Than help the seniors not the rich in help care
Thank you @realDonaldTrump. My grandson is in the Army National Guard. We are proud of him. Thanks for appreciating military men  & women
Indeed though I'm sure many women and men in iraq would have a different perspective
Yes, thank God for those that didn't refuse or wiggle their way out of their county's call to duty.
how about the evil the Saudis are dumping Qatar.  its the Saudis who are exporting terror by way of their radical religion #sharialaw
True sir
just love you president Trump from day one .
"Men & women" is a plural subject. Please use a plural verb. And, yes, I'd be glad to explain to you why I use "is" here.
@POTUS who is actually behind the words thats coming out of his mouth.
Funny that NONE of your ancestors fought in any of those wars. Mine did, going all the way back to the Revolution. Go home, loser.
You need mental Help Now! #25thAmmendmentNow
We haven't defeated evil yet, your still here
I'm repeating this over again
I lov my POTUS and his loyal commitment to us!!!!
So they protect the poor and weak, so your tax plan will kill them with cuts in earned benefits and eat cat food so rich get more tax cuts!!
Sounds like a movie soundtrack…
Then why are the safe places for veterans closing in Wisconsin?
Does it matter that MOST VETS HATE YOU!!??
He seems totally oblivious to that fact. 
Yes he is! I know many fake it when he comes to their location.

The gold star family you bashed too ????
Who listens to this propaganda anymore.
Too bad you dodged service.  Good will defeat evil-you're personal experience is comong, Decency and LAW will defeat you.  You embarrass USA
Evil? Wow, you're as bad as a teatard.
Is your health care guaranteed?  Ask yourself if you can afford to pay 6-10k more? Misplaced anger, I care if Americans have health care.
The healthcare of the poor, subsidized by my taxes, is guaranteed. I have to drop a 6k deductible to get my healthcare.
A deductible of 6k? That sounds like you cannot afford a decent plan. With proposed bill you might be priced out.  Careful what you support.
Decent? That's a silver tier plan.
If the silver plan is all you can afford, proposal bill really hurt you. Our politicians need to fix this along with cost of prescriptions
The proposed Bill holds no mandate which means i can keep my 6k if i want, rather than the govt stealing it from me.
Everyone knows you have a secret space program with Russia and China, a fight between the Alliance in the US and Rothild?
Who is going to protect us from you?
if America’s Armed Forces were doing their duty, then traitors would be lined up against the wall and shot. Flynn would get the first bullet
THANK YOU!!!! Your speech brought tears to my eyes. GOD BLESS YOU N OUR SERVICE PEOPLE!
Love This.....
Dumba$$ corrupt embarrassment. That is what you are.
He forgot to add supporting Isis, training and supporting moderate head chopping, heart eating, raping jihadis
Perspectives Perceptions  Image!
Amen.jkapi.
Love you President Trump!
We the (thinking, common sense) People agree with you 100%, Mr. President.
Thank you for sacrificing your time to help bring healing and restoration to our beloved America.
God bless you Mr. President!
Thank you President Trump I know you have our backs  hearts to 
how would you know you did not serve because of a hangnail and Daddy
I am a Veteran and domt respect draft doggers like you!!
Those great people in the forces all doing the exact opposite as you! Good for them not following by example of commander in chief... Glad!!
Happy Independence Day,  Mr. President!  #MAGA Thank you!
Thanks DRAFT DODDGER!
Sir, I'm proud 2 have served under great POTUSES, from 41-44.  God only knows why my needed 2 retire. GB & those who represent us well.
You must be the "WEAK" since
You never served in the Military.
Just wait till you piss off all those in uniform where will you be with NO protection, not a good move making our Military stressed SHAME
By the President Trump(@realDonaldTrump), I also like the idea of you having Sean(@PressSec) as member of your team.
your the evil one Mr trump you only care about money and your ratings
This tweet will probably have trolls attacking it.

The worst evil this country faces right now is YOU. The US armed forces will not be the ones to save us, it will be the media. #cutrateNixon
Dems & Fake News Media hate our military,police, &Vets!  Left our Vets to die w/o appointments or w maggots in wounds for 8 miserable years!


Just know Mr.President. You are in my prayers every day. That God directs your decisions for our country. Amen!
May God Bless and protect you, your family and our Great Nation.  #MAGA
Good men and women in the arms forces dedicated to serving country but poor leadership from leaders who loves wars and conflict.
@mfkkendall  I like the "You're FIRED!!!"
Your not part of it. Gains made by them you will screw up
Best speech I have ever seen a president give. Beautiful and powerful. Our military is a beautiful thing to behold. Thanks to them we are...
Free. They have given so much we can never thank them enough. Thanks to you Mr.President they are recognized for this again. God bless all..
Of them and you and your family to. Happy 4th of July. This year first time in 8 years I feel good saying this. Thank you for this.
Delusional bonkers. Tell this to the hundreds of thousands killed in Iraq. This nonsense is dispicable?
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1367834243312062&id=1214007458694742&substory_index=0 …
Yes we plan to defeat the evil AKA YOU in the near future. Tick tock.
In the end...Good will defeat evil
So when we defeat Isis that is when they are done for now bringing down old buildings on Prime Property until then Isis best demolition crew
@lisamakela2 Say you RACIST LYING SOB, how many weekends does this make that you've been on a Golf Course?
We have values, you sadly do not. Go away #25thAmendmentNow
Yeah, you love everyone, right?  What are your plans for the vet's health benefits?  Are you going to stick it to them, too.
America....America...
@realDonaldTrump
Right on Mr. President
Journalists  you attack have stood beside our service members in combat to tell their stories. Many died doing their job.
Salute 
@POTUS   Is it too late for GB to take us back?
Hey Donald, you flat footed do nothing.  You tarnish the name of every person who put on the uniform.
U aren't true to American values or principles. U have NO values above money.
Thank you @POTUS

Philippines is heading towards communism
If "strong protecting weak" = 23 mil lose healthcare, no thanks.  Sounds more like evil taking over.
Don't like @Trump, didn't like Obama and yet I'm able to accept his bi-partisan message as very appropriate for the 4th. It's more than BBQ!
But no medical care. Sorry.
Don't disgrace those fine brave people with your hypocritical bullshit.
...and you are NOT!!
Have a great 4th Mr. President
Well done Mr President. You are a blessing to your country.
How would you know......you never served
Love the tweet
liar
Evil...really ???!!!
Grab her by the pussy
Then why are you hurting them by stroking low income housing and medicaid

Ok Twitter- let's see if this wrestling meme can get MORE RETWEETS that the president's wrestling meme. 
Our military service men & women are our brightest and best this country has to offer. Thank you all with all our hearts for your sacrifice
Robbing, cheating, stealing from people that's the entire Trumps family legacy! They even plagiarize speeches
Good one
And their family? All I want is a FLAG for them.
@pEaNuTdUcKs @ChildishGerry @p_jahh
Did someone else write this for you or are you just full of shite
Love you, Mr. President and always praying for you!!!
My brother in law is heading to Afghanistan for the 4th time next month. Never complains. Loves the USA. God bless him. 
Tell that to the NATIVES. Were they wrong to defend their land from more and more encroachment, and OPPRESSION? Was that EVIL???
