The swamp is fighting for its life, if truth come out they are done.
It better come out soon!!!
Remain calm. Trumpy is cornered and there is no way out. It's a question of going out easy or rough. He can resign for 'health reasons'.
You are delusional. Good luck with everything.
99.9% of grand juries result in indictment
Go and do some research , there is not one evidence of anything ilegal. This is a diversion so we forget about the real criminals.
Evidence goes to the grand jury, or did you think you'd get it via tweet?
Thanks 4 ur comments right with u every step
That cocaine has rotted your brain, sir! 
This is the scariest thing I've seen in my 50+ years of life.  The deep state is anti American
I think they underestimate the number of supporters of @realDonaldTrump across the country.
No one underestimates anything. His supporters are down to 33%.  His disapproval ratings are the highest in history. ALL polls say that.
Every poll gave Hillary a 90% or greater chance of winning. EVEN ON ELECTION NIGHT! The polls are stacked and political. Simply inaccurate.
Credible polls had them w/in 1% at election day.He only got the EC votes by winning a few states by less than 1% & it looks like he had help
This is pure revisionist history. "Credible polls"? ALL major polls predicted Hillary by a landslide. Just rewatch election night returns.
It is pure evil what they are doing to Trump.
What's pathological is the attempt to paint a base and boorish man steeped in a lifetime of con jobs and ripoffs as some kind of savior.
And you are brainwashed
WHO CAN FORGET THIS LITTLE DIDDY...
AND OF COURSE, WHO CAN FORGET...



Boy is that EVER PHOTOSHOPED! Your words are NOT well woven here! Willwork4coffee...why not get a real fricken job. Quit living off the gov.


Free?  You see something very different than I do.  Nothing that man does is done for free.
Explain...how is it making us a better place by being a fool who wants to divide us as a nation who was built on the sweat of immigrants?
I feel the exact same way James... and I can't for the life of me know why???
Drink kook aid much?
A man who colluded with an enemy state to ascend to highest seat in our government will never be accepted!!!  And worst of all a Bigot!
Truly pathological. This witch hunt is costing the taxpayers 120 million dollars. The swamp is desperate to oust the people's choice.
This election has revealed the absolute hatred of the left. They cannot handle another viewpoint.
He's not working for free. He's using his position to fill his company's coffers.
Useless Senators are on vacation, and our @POTUS is working hard for us

209k jobs added in July Unemployment rate down 4.3%

#JobsReport
Ummmmm you're apparently not aware the president is on a 17 day vacation himself
If the Mueller investigation comes up nada
You best get ready for the punches
Work for free???
So is believing that man you described is Trump and that what he's trying to do will make America "a better place."
MAGA Americans feel/see/hear/taste/smell Trump's love for .

And we love him for it. 

God bless and keep POTUS and . We stand & fight
Oh, it's 'cause he's a crook and lied to get elected. And he continues to lie. It embarrasses America. So we're angry.
Are you nuts?? That man is an insult and an embarrassment to the USA.
Well said!
@realDonaldTrump really? He's a con and you've all fallen for this PATHOLOGICAL liar!
For free?
You haven't been paying attention.
James, wake up, the hatred was brought on by Trump's own actions and words.
How did U get into Harvard? Cheat in ur SATs? humpty trumpy university more your speed. He is a sociopath. How can u believe his ? He's a
Blind ignorance leading to blind hate.  No other explanation for it James.
Holy cow!  Are you delusional?

I wholeheartedly agree!
Work for free?  The money he is donating is a drop in the bucket compared to what he's costing us.
Ohhhhh INDEED. Pathological describes perfectly the state of WASHINGTON DC. @POTUS has completely EXPOSED this them. Swamp, sewer dwellers.
I have
Read more; he was not born in America & he is a muslim Read in the Internet.
Prime example of stupid public who will cut off their nose to spite their face. Some can't handle prosperity. Go Trump MAGA.
See, it's the child rape and treason I have a hard time with Jimmy.Find it odd how many of you blindly follow. #PIMPOTUS
It's amazing that Trump Supporters would be OK w/ their "Holy Trump" doing such bad stuff to underage girls, & to any Americans+humans!
In GodKing Donnie's AmeerKKKa the only Americans are White, Male, Evangelical. The rest are servants or less.
Well put ERIKA,I agree!It's part of Trump's "organization's" AGENDA.That's why Trump put Bannon and Miller & Gorka in his Administration=
All I can say is.. History repeats itself when allowed. So far the sow chaos opening is in full swing.
I feel that the GOP is #complicit in having allowed this catastrophe to occur in our White House, and in AMERICA!
He fooled a lot of people. The real issue is now they are to afraid to violate party commitment and draw a line.
Even in my own case, I was A Okay in the GOP, even as a TG. Until I spoke out. Now I am not invited to the club anymore. At all.
Trump doesn't love anything, not even himself. Did you not see how he pathetically begged the president of Mexico not to make him look bad?
Did you not see how he told the Aussie PM that he's the "greatest person in the world"? Only a man that truly hates himself would say that
That you see strength and love in Trump's actions is a reflection of your own insecurities. You believe bullying is strength. It's not
He thinks Trump is working for free. 
Trump is pocketing millions by charging the Gov to protect him at his resorts & his wife in Trump Tower. Receiving dom & foreign emoluments.
Trump also personally benefits from free publicity for his properties whenever he stays at one, which is excessively.
#ShaddupWhineyAss
Pathological is a great word to describe Trump. All he does is lie & seek to enrich himself at  cost of everyone else, esp. his supporters
Pathological is a great word to describe backing Trumpcare bills that would strip coverage from 20-30 million Americans or sabotaging CSRs.
Pathological is also a great word to describe willful blindness to Trump admin criminality and collusion with Russia during/after campaign.
Got it pathological = liberals
Got it. You probably think that sounds better in the original Russian. Blocked for sheer dumbassery.
You are a perfect example of what @RealJamesWoods is talking about. Your hatred has made you grab any delusion to feed it. Sad.
Isn't hatred for a president the worst?
Yes, these statements are just ripe with loathing & hatred. Stop being so desperate to attack ppl who may have a different opinion then you.
You're talking about Obama, right?
Obama worked for free? Obama worked AGAINST the constitution. To suggest he was good, is to suggest cancer is a cure.
You think your boy is working for free because he gave his ceremonial paycheck to a government department? What a fool.
U said Obama worked for free. U lied. Trump have his paycheck to the dept of education. Google it.
Learn to speak better English. How bout that?
Listen, homey, if I debate you, you've lost. I'm educating you in the hopes you'll stop being a MSM goat
By quoting MSM? How funny are you!
Disprove the article
I've never witnessed such hatred for a man who is willing to work for free to make his beloved country a better place. It is pathological. YEP, GEORGE SOROS & RUSSIANS got exactly what they wanted and it was so easy just use CNN & MSM’s to ruin America with HATE. “Well done CNN”
His beloved country. Oh my God.
Give it an ever loving rest.

#RussianSanctionsNow 
Why not Mr. Woods?
Lolol. You’re funny. You really think he’s working for free. He isn’t. You actually believe that show he made about being a successful businessman was real. It’s wasn’t. It was a made up tv show for entertainment. Pure fantasy James. You need to learn the difference.
You don't get it? It's war.
He’s a crook and has zero ability to make America great (again)...it still is....join the world
So true!
Work for FREE ???

You're obviously NOT talking about @realDonaldTrump ...
He's making $$ hand over fist *because* he's President*.

Trump Hotel in DC ... quick way to buy influence
Mar-a-Lago ... doubled membership fees; charges US for Secret Service quarters.

I could go on ...
James your reading pure twitter brainwashed hatred all because criminal Hillary lost!!
Amen
And you scare me
They’re terrified... their evil ways  are being exposed bit by bit... #TickTock   all the vile evil doers get what’s coming to them.   to keep our @POTUS safe.

You're desperate. Sad.
The deep state does not want secrets out. A non political person coming forces all the criminal behavior to come to light.
And scary to the point that I think we have some serious mental issues in this country even Hogg has ADHD which is a mental issue
Someone is trying to remain relevant. It ain’t working! #ByeFelicia
James! For free??? Come on your not that stupid
I would call it calculated and criminal as regards the members of Congress and the Intelligence communities who are hating on this man; the rest of the population and much of the #Fakenews is indeed having emotional trouble.
????
I agree! I am ashamed these hate filled mongrels live in America.
It is agreed we live in a workd gone mad. People are truly derranged.
He’s not working for free!  Spent more time golfing on our dime than any other president & he is promoting his businesses.
Pretty sure he’s not getting paid and pretty sure it’s on his golf courses
...We pay for room & board for all that security to him and his golf courses.  Is that really hard to figure out?
We pay for every politician to travel anywhere they go right?  So when pelosi was flying from dc to sf 2x a week, were you outraged?
No, it was different, unless she was using her own airline.
My point is all politicians are horribly corrupt and to think one side is worse is a mistake. Both parties are taking everyone for a ride
That’s not true. One party is patriots the other is treasonous. HUGE difference.  America is being carved up and sold to Russia in pieces by a silent GOP.
@KyleChisholm11 He was so pathological in his attacks with zero proof. Whew, glad he stopped that!
But what about everything before that last sentence?
you don't think the black guy got as much hatred? Or Bush (portrayed as a buffoon)? Part of the job
Oh yeah they all did. But only one of them has given up a lot of personal stuff to do the job. The other two are politicians for a living
so then you agree with me & the original tweet was incorrect in saying it's never happened before?
Did BO, a man who was willing to work for free for his beloved country, get hatred? He got the 2nd part (hatred) but not 1st part (free)
None of that matters, if you're President you get both sides. Who gives a shit about giving up 400K when ur worth billion.
I know Im saying whoever is in office will get hatred. But DT chose to do this "voluntarily" & I believe 4 better reason than ANY politician
Free my ass!
Bajajajaja, did you say for free? Bajajajajaja. Oh boy, I want whatever you are on!
This is an old tweet twit.
Working for free is the con. Meanwhile he's profiting immensely from playing prez. Unfortunately I don't think he is remembering much of it
Where is the money collected for disaster relief in Haiti? Let's go there! Where are the deleted emails and the SIM cards for blackberries?
If you think his returning his salary as pres is a indication he is not profiting Bigly from the office, you are dumber then you look!
You couldn't spend one day doing the job this President is doing for all the money you dream of having. He moves through the political crap, the attacks, the coup from the Deep State like oh gee, It's just another day. And he continues to work to MAGA. You and you Libs rats r 0's
The more they hate the more I love him
I'm so old I remember how Obama was treated - burned in effigy - by Republicans.  I can still feel the love.
The delusional lens you see him through is what's pathological. You are a great actor with frightening political views.
Internet courage on display! Plz don’t allude to disabled ppl when you want to express ur disagreement. Talk to ppl online the same way you would if they were right in front of you, and you should be fine. #decency #courtesy

DonaldTrump is the man to lead our nation.He has our best interest at heart&enough tenacity to makeAmericaGreat again.Fireobamas people
He isn't working for free. He is making boatloads of money while we pay for him and his family to vacation constantly.
@realjameswoods is a washed up has-been. Nothing to see or hear folks. "Old man yells at cloud" and "get off my lawn"
@DonaldJTrumpJr   ITS PATHOLOGICAL BECAUSE SINGLEHANDEDLY MADE THEM REALIZED THAT THEIR LIVES HAVE BEEN LIVED UNDER A LIE!
Oh james...still in character are you
Thank You James for saying it so well.  #It’sNuts
Listening to him describe violent alt left to #fakenews reporters was painful. 

Dumbest bunch of talking chimpanzees

#charlottesville
He made up the term "alt left". How is the media fake when they quote him directly and show his tweets on TV?
Totally agree Woods. The hatred directed at president Obama and his family was indeed totally pathological.
#truth
free?  how much have his endless golf trips cost the US taxpayer?
No God No Peace. .They rejected God,  He removed Himself. Now they follow chaos and confusion
Well said James Woods
The opposite of charity is envy and the pathological control of others.
He's in bed with Bannon, a known racist....your support of him is sad!
Perhaps if he were not so incompetent, @realDonaldTrump would get a better reception. #MedicareForAll #Security #Justice #FairTaxes #Jobs
Because Obama took their brain from their heads. Thats why they are treating our Preident like that.
Hatred for our President "Pathological"?

Is Rationality a New Pathology?

Perhaps Willing to Work 4 Betterment
Ready & Able-Doubtful.
Your knowledge of Law & Our Constitution must be extremely limited because if you knew you wouldn't be supporting a Narcissist that's 
Working for free doesn't give you a pass to be the shittiest person in America. I'm sorry that's not how it works.
You meant pathetic, rught?
Are you smoking crack?
Isn't that so crazy.  We need to change the koolaid that the media and Congress are drinking. Maybe hate would leave and things get done.
You don't witness much anymore, hunh? Aged-related failing eyesight & senility? Don't remember treatment of Obama, asswipe?
Rolling my fucking eyes. Stop wasting peoples' time with this silly narrative!
Beautifully stated.#MAGA LOVE OUR President
Did you witness the Obama presidency?
No, Mr. Woods, all in all Trump is doing very nicely out of the Presidency:
You're right. This craziness is right up there with the pathological lying from the Barry Soetoro-Obama White House.

Work for free, are you daft? The loser costs us millions just for his golfing weekends, with those tax $$$ going right into his own pockets!
Thank you! I love the uneducated supporters!
TrumpIsAwesome&Deserves
OurRespectRemember Like In The Olden Days When We Were Taught To Respect?!# Like An Unruly Classroom?!#
The only people that will see a better America under Trump are rich, white men. How nice for both of you.
Yes. Obama is working for free to make his beloved country a better place. Yet the hatred and pure racism from the right is pathological
Amazing he doesn't acknowledge that fact. Racism elevated for President Obama and all African Americans. Hate for hates sake is sad.
Today's example. Every tweet they seek us out to #hate #insult
And who might you be talking about? I have no idea.
But is he truly working for free it is he just claiming that? And his love for the USA is minimal at best.
The absolute honor of such an incredible family to roll up their sleeves for the USA is an incredible gift. We should all be grateful!
I've never witnessed a man without a spine...

well if it isn't the "Chicken Little" of Climate change. "Squawk! the sky is falling, the sky is falling"
AGREED.

#MAGA #MEGA 
“THE BROTHERHOOD & THE 
MANIPULATION OF SOCIETY”

…
How much profit has Mar-a-largo made with all the weekend visits? Or other Trump golf courses?
He's insane and after today you can be apart of a civil war he caused if they don't get him out of office.
@DonaldJTrumpJr Well stated
His hatred is pathological...as is his followers hatred!
Nice try Jr. The only thing your father is working for is himself, by emoluments & selling out the U.S. to Russia#MUELLERTIME
He essentially picks his landlord. Do u think he'll pick a guy who will cut him low rent?  It's no wonder you're a washed up celeb.

Absolutely love @realDonaldTrump ! Keep up the pressure on #DeepState
He must love this country because if I were he, my butt would be on my private island somewhere vs. putting up with all the BS.
you must be the most naive person on the planet right now.. he's the king of bullshit and wants to rule the world! #worldiswatching
There is no free lunch......
Perhaps because Trump is a pathological lier and that is a FACT BIGLY, SAD #TrumpDoesntCare
Though hatred has gone on for years, then Trump sparked the fire again. His words are hateful and he's about to put us in nuclear war. Wth
Makes senses.
It is disgusting, and the vast majority of us who elected for this change are watching!
People who hate our president have a hidden agenda!Trust me it's not for the good of our country!God Bless President Trump @realDonaldTrump
Sorry Mr Woods but we do not think letting 22 Million people die from no health care and not caring ? He is the sick one.
Wow! Thanks, James Woods. Didn't know til now that I hate you and will never again watch anything you're in. That is, if you can get work .
At least Paul Ryan hates all you racist Trump Supporters. #ResistanceRyan
Paul Ryan is a spineless rino..appeased obama but never for Trump or we who voted Trump in..#NotMySpeaker .
It's more then Pathological it's suicide and I for one I'm not letting liberals take this nation down the path Obama did ever again.
He's not working for free he's using his position to spread his brand doubling his Club dues he's made more than enough to compensate.
Free I trade 400k for 4million in our tax dollars any day ... free. BS it's free
AMEN JAMES! THE LUCIFERIAN LOVING TRASH THINKS THEY CAN OVERRIDE THE INFINITE GOD GIVIEN WISDOM OF THE AMERICAN PPL WHO LOVE USA&THIS POTUS!
Thank you for this message. It is a disgrace.
It's all about the money and power.  Hillary wants to be a minister so her income is tax exempt and above reproach
There's more behind it than just leftists.
Dinesh D'souza seems to be the real deal... I've watched many clips of him on YouTube.
Read this review of his book https://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-reviews/R3NMK8MHDGQC8D/ref=cm_cr_getr_d_rvw_ttl?ie=UTF8&ASIN=1621573486 …
Talk Bout pathological. You, the tRumps, must ALL be looking in a mirror. Take your pointless, faded career and go away.
He's not working for free he's fleecing this country for everything he can.using his office and taxpayers money to pay himself for vacations
He's not working for free when his companies are making an economic gain b/c of his position
epitomy of lunacy
You can blame MSM and all the career do nothing politicians that want to keep milking the system and preserve their way of life
Yea this is shameful
Pathological is the right word, just the wrong context.
It’s pure EVIL.
Sure you have. 2009-2016. His name was Obama.
Or is it the free thing that's tripping you up.
Errr he most certainly ain't doin it for free

Umm he might not take a salary but I'm betting he pays for nothing oh and he lives in the White House for free
He's an insane unstable human being paid or unpaid he should not be in that job
It's clear your lack of recent movie work has made you bitter. Maybe You can be on one of the housewife shows
me either , 59 years , NEVER seen such vile unfounded violent hatred for a President who is trying to help us all .... pure insanity
Trump is the man
I was lucky to see him in Windham@NH. It was all ages white collar blue collar.  I love having him for President. I feel he has my back.
He is a pathological liar.
U support a narcistic criminal who had to steal votes with Russia's help bc he KNEW HILLARY WAS GOING TO WIN, u mediocre actor w/no career
Free? Ha! He and his family are ripping the whole country off.
Oh please, he is doing nothing but destroying this country. IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!
Pfft. Work for free? Are you serious? Trump does nothing unless it inflates his ego or pocket.
Thank you!!!!
My hatred for him is more than you can even imagine. He has done nothing to help anyone.
