Obama
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men & women @ the Andeavor Refinery. Full remarks:… http...
K.o.D
Key of David
BOB THUNE'S CHURCH IS THERE (SENATOR THUNE'S BROTHER!)
Thank you President Trump!!! Always working for America!!!
Great way to get your economic points out there!
Could not be happier will call my congressmen stop illegal immigration keep daca link them like you said all along.  Be flexible great news
You are the best President, we've had in a long time. You re doing a great job.
Thank you, President Trump for putting America first
Don't forget the native American.  Sovereign right and treaties . We were here and slaughtered but still DNA proves we live
I kept watching hoping somebody would throw a piece of feces on his face
Should you really tie the fate of the Donald to the fate of the Bismarck? Yeah, go for it.
Such tiny, tiny hands.
Please don't come back.
Maybe pastors should keep their political views to themselves and focus more on God.
The gospel speaks to all aspects of life.
@MLChristiansen he DOES know your state exists.
north dakota?  yeah, good - go to north dakota.
Shit. Wrong state.
it's true that the ND economy has done well though. I have a friend who lives here but travels there doing work in the oil fields.
Hillary would of never visited ND, or Montana.
Obama visited Montana back during his campaign.  Bernie came here too for the Dem primary. Trump during the general.
Obama was a solid politician. I disagreed with him, but he knew how to do it.
I'm under duress at the present time President Trump , God willing I'll make it !
God Bless America !!!!
Hi followers look at me I commented on one of trumps post now I've done it all you're welcome
Did you smell the smoke from the fires? 1 million plus acres burning and need federal assistance & news coverage.
How about u employee those North Dakota people to work in your resorts u say they r better then any one else ,
North Dakota has a bunch of trump idiots and racist pos
White racists, ALL.  YOUR crowd!

MUST SEE! Former NIST Employee Speaks Out about #ControlledDemolition on #911 #WTC7 

https://youtu.be/RJ_jQgIEnI8  
Here to trash the planet one coal plant at a time
You should go to Florida and play golf today
It's clear your loyalties are to BIG OIL, not to sustainability.  Deeply disturbing.
大美兴，川普亡！！！
Such as Outlook, iPhone, iPad, Gmail, Yahoo, Mac, Hotmail, etc.
#DrWho13
http://bit.ly/2tFaR9j 
Tesoro paid millions in fines for harming the environment. They will keep polluting without penalty under criminal potus
The way to success is by promoting the new and moving toward the future, not by legislating your way into the past.
Have you visited the reservations? The Natives need your advice.
No gas to get out of hurricane zones with?
We need 50% more refining capacity
EPA should make permit process top priority
We need 50% more refining capacity
EPA should make permit process top priority
i never met Jack Ma n Son Masayoshi. never say again. they tried deceived me.
Stephen Miller. Steven Miller? Not the Steve Miller Band. But Stephen Miller probs wrote this speech. You can tell bcuz it is mediocre trash
#fatasscriminalpotus
♡♡♡
Hey how about that Ivanka chick in her high heels!   I saw some guys throwing dollar bills at her.

Too bad you embarrassed the crap out of yourself! Who knew droughts could happen this far north???? EVERYONE BUT YOU!!!
What all 500 of them
Can't do this in your home town.
#RESIGN

Your travel for adoration is costing taxpayers millions and you don't care. You are sick.
hey I have a bad news, biden is coming for2020 election, oooops
@realDonaldTrump Thank you for coming!!! Loved seeing you here as official Nominee and now President! Please come to Bismarck again! #MAGA
You fail as a president and a human being. Resign
Tick.....  Tock......
Love our President!! Most seen, most approachable, most caring for all of his citizens, best at putting USA FIRST!!! Thank You!!
Thank You 
This is the first time on record that the Atlantic has had two hurricanes with 150-plus mph winds at the same time will this help??
Resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign resign
The only thing you work hard at is sucking.
THANK YOU FOR VISITING MY GREAT STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA!!
#Trump2020
Thanks you President Trump for visiting my Great State of ND!! We LUV YOU & YOUR FAMILY, as well as YOUR ADMIN. KEEP UP YOUR GREAT WORK.
Think these hurricanes would have been this bad or this frequent? There's more to come if you don't get rid of Pruit & get a scientist.
Just remember Trump, coal puts carbon in the air which builds up. We have climate change occurring whether you believe it or not.
If they chant lock her up be sure to keep ignoring them and protecting criminal democrats

‘I’m gonna be sent back to a country that I’ve never been to and I’m gonna lose every opportunity that I have.’

Heartbreaking. 
YES
If Dems start to vote with potus on policy's, they'll start winning elections 18! Look out rino's!
It's always, always, about U. You've never cared about anyone except yourself. You're a horrible dictator devoted to the mind set of the KKK
Thank god you didn't come to mn
"thank you BISMARCK north dakota"??!!? You do realize you were in mandan, right? #notcool
Innovation, entrepreneurship, creativity, etc.. the path to prosperity!
Great speech!
As one who grew up in ND, thanks for finally recognizing this great state. #MAGA 

Great speech. Now why don't you follow through on it for once??!!!
Oil and coal will cause our species to become extinct. This issue isn't up for debate.
Who cares about the Native Americans right? Horrible what you did to them
How about doing what you promise and that's to drain the swamp
President Trump is such a user.  He uses his position to further enrich himself and it is disgusting & against what the Founders stood for.
While you're there, the Tribal Police could use some support.
@POTUS Just heard re this on prayer call...
N Missile sites. Apparently there is a documentary & book too.
love you。。。
Thanks daddy
Pats have looked pretty bad 2nd half. Chiefs this good? Or Pats just out of sorts?
The water protectors you had forced off of public ground probably didn't find North Dakota as accommodating as you. Different perspectives








You're not so hot
No matter where trump goes he uses the same rehearsed line !  Where ever he goe he loves them all , incredibly hard working men and women.
How the hell does he know if they are hard working !  They may be as lazy as he and his family are !
Yup get your travels in as jail time gets closer
I can't bear to listen to the full remarks.......
Great man President Trump just stuck to the Republicans with Democraps deal
President Trump brings Ivanka Trump to podium in N. Dakota: “She wanted to make the trip … She actually said, 'Daddy, can I go with you?'”
Please let your speech writer do their job- it's extremely embarrassing to have you as our countries representative.
I LOVE MY PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!!!! I THANK GOD EVERYDAY!!!!!!
I LOVE THIS MAN!!!!!!!!
I love you....thank u for being our president
Why are you still campaigning? you should concentrate on the job you were elected to do. Your administration thus far is an abject failure

Watch: #KidRock Making The Crowd Go Nuts! #MAGA #PC @KidRock 
Daddy can I come.......
Yawn
stop campaigning and start at least trying to be president. #trumpistheworstpresidentEVER
You go trump.
Something to be proud of; again the Indians have something the government wants so the rich just take it. Damm the consequences!
Your ppl

This is the wife of Trumps Ethics Attorney arrested for having sex with inmate in a car near jail lol. Bob Burchfield wife
Damn boy.. you stand at the podium like there is a woman under it blowing you.. you know, like the police academy movie. Ha.. Gutenberg lol

Jerk!!
@WhiteHouse Great job Mr Compassion-in-chief.
Go to Miami and spend three nights right on the beach. Please.
You do realise oil is a pollutant don't you??
Helps global warming?
Floods, bad weather?
SCIENCE? You've heard of that right?? 
Understand you had no idea a northern state could have a drought?We would love to know how you think you can fix that.Haven't done much yet.
just actly how many people did you pay to go there.  Not that many in the whole state.  BTW-you're going to jail...so sad
Tú puta madre! Pinche pelos de elote mama vergas!  :V
4 a president that the media despises, sure nice to see all the ppl there supporting u! B/C we the ppl stand behind you 100%!

Anyone That Has No Clue Why America And Its Children 
Should Be First...
You Are More Than Welcome To Leave "Tell Us How That Goes" Email It
Anyone Not See What That Little Bstrd Kenyan Boy Was Doing To America You Need To Soak Your Head In Bleach..
#indictObama For Treason
I'm so proud ofU Pres.Trump,if only the Dems would work with Ujust think how we would prosper OMG!The dem party only want2show their hate!
You've done an Amazing job! Thank you! You deserve a restful pleasant vacation AWAY from the stench of the Washington swamp!

Are you a shareholder of North Dakota Pipe line? May be a family members or may a close friends.....
You are such a bullshiters, you have never cared for any one, except billionaires, that cane make you more billions. Quit now or be impeachd
You are all mouth  , and do nothing for the workers of this country. Time for Congress to kick you out.And then you can go back to russia.
Talking his lies and people believing him. Someone has to come forward with the real truth against this traitor to our Country. And IMPEACH.
@IvankaTrump "...actually said, Daddy, can I go with you?  I like that, right?  Daddy, can I go with you?  I said, yes, you can."  Eww
Jedediah Bila-former Fox News correspondent & current cohost of The View, just DESTROYED Mike Huckabee's sexist rant https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/1687076158052098/ …
That stunt with Ivanka was pitiful. Send her home to New York. She has no business in Washington.
I appreciate that
Thanks Mr President.  Great job.  Keep up with the great work. Don't forget the Wall, Obomacare and taxes. Keep pressure on fake news people
Isn't Bismark where the Raccoon National Cemetery is located?
Still no director of Homeland Security ...
Daddy.....really????
How about you apologize to the indigenous peoples while you're there, instead of brown-nosing white America?
OK, good. But when taking 3% growth numbers ... are you discounting (and projecting) for THE FED taking it through fiat inflation later?
Come to Montana and Oregon to see what the fires have done.
Need fire fighting aircraft ASAP
look up Houston and FEMA folks WIERD things on the news saying these HOMELESS are now nwo and to get used to it
You are a TRADER, you have BROKEN YOUR NUMBER 1 CAMPAIGN Promise!  You will be giving 850k New Dem Voters AMNESTY, 2.5 with extended family
