On Point as usual #Chuck&Nancy are the gift that keeps on giving. #MaxineWaters is a gift that needs to be exchanged
Both times u use gift I mentally inserted  grift
Chuck and Nancy are not doing their jobs. Former House member Corinne Brown is going to jail- it is a swamp. Get rid of Soros and it all collapses.
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please le...
#NARCISSISTNOCTURNALS
@POTUS brilliant  
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
@NancyPelosi has more class in the tip of her pinkie than you will ever have

#DotardDonnie
Thank you Mr President Donald Trump for making America civilized again
Yes, without them it would be so somber
They do help us, don't they?  Ironic, really.  MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU ALL.
Ok, fifth grader.
and just what makes you think that chuck and nancy are going anyplace. you'll be gone before they are.

Won't look at anything the liberal times has to say. No truth there at all.
You have to look at all sides, only reading with what you agree with is one sided

I LOVE YOU!!! Keep speaking out against the corrupt Dems! #MAGA 
In case you didn't notice, you're the President. Can't imagine Obama tweeting something so childish. #worstpresidentever #GrifterInChief 
Trump is the first man-child POTUS, who hasn't mentally matured past the age of four. Sad!
You are so freaking Unprofessional so UnPresidential. Childish Tweets!  Shame on you. You're loosing fan base daily
What are you 7?
He's on the toilet
Hey remember all those times @BarackObama obsessively tweeted bitching about the @GOP who were actually being obstructionists? Me neither...
Someone's got their panties in a wad this morning...wonder what happened? But by all means, please keep tweeting! Highly entertaining stuff!
You have the mentality of a 5 year old. Daddy didn't love you, we know. #liarinchief #cheetobenito #donthecon #chesterthemolester
Love it
U do have a point-keep them in N we will keep winning N they R such clowns we keep laughing
Why don't you worry about yourself being forced out, Mr. Getting Investigated By The FBI?
Nefarious Nancy
Cryin' Chuck
Mad Maxine 
Wacky Warren

The list goes on and on...
Crappy Kamila
as u waddle through the WH halls alone at night in your open robe &  dollar sign fuzzy slippers, I hope u reflect on the damage you're doing
If 1 doesn't see this as shameful coming from the *supposed* "President of the *United* States," 1needs a reboot from original source discs.
I certainly hope Republicans come to their senses and force Donnie T out.
Looks like Thurs is your day off. Pres Bannon and Jared have it all under control.  You can take the next 3.5 years, tyvm.
You are beyond help when it comes to being an adult and leader.  You are neither!! You are trapped in 5th grade!!
You seriously need to grow the F up. You are the President, you're not supposed to act like a child and call people names
Then keep her! She's all yours.

@MittRomney - once again you were right, about Trump, when you called him a fraud.
Hes not fit to be President, just look at his Tweet above
now is @realDonaldTrump telling the truth or using some of his super clever #LyinDonald misdirection?
You make fun of a man for shedding a tear about family members who were brutally slaughtered and you claim to have a heart?
Thank You @realDonaldTrump for triggering the criminally stupid and retarded to go public
Making their HATE for America so clear
You name-calling infant.
How presidential of you. You're an embarrassment. Grow up.

I honestly can't believe you're the president and you still say things like "Cryin' Chuck" about a US Senator.
Yeah once you get into office your supposed to fall in line with the Demoncrats not keep your promises Thank You for being Trump not a BS'er
Omg I love ur sense of humor! The wall won't work if Pelosi is on this side..just saying
We love you President Trump 
I'm surprised that some dislike POTUS tweeting his thoughts. He is giving the haters something to do all day.
Who would we make fun of if Nancy P and crying Chuck were gone.
Well since you ask We still have Sanders Warren and that other guy
Yes we do I forgot about those dummies.
You have a plan for Mexicans and Muslims, but what about your hair in a breeze?
!!!
Please keep Nancy Pelosi! She's a gift to the Republican Party.
There we go with the name-calling again. Are you the POTUS or just an 11-year-old bullying someone in the playground?
The immature swipes & petty names you call others - others who've more experience & life achievements than you - is quite something. So sad.
I feel sorry for America having been duped by a con artist lien you, who brags about riches and mocks the poor. The Manipulator-in-chief.
 Coming from the Brit whose country is a free-for-all for Islamic Terrorist.  Handle the  in London before talking about the US.
You do realize the last thing that happened was AGAINST Muslims coming from worship, right?
What was just stated to you was a fact. A white man committed an act of terror upon Muslims. I'll wait for your predictably uncouth retort.
Both are wrong. Just like refusing to address one and using the other as a scapegoat to excuse the other. Something you're both doing.
Something is fundamentally wrong with you, you really need help. Grow up. #NotMyPresident
Today (September 7, 2017) they are your friends. 
There ya go again, calling people names. Let's see "Don the Con" and soon "Con-vict".
What an embarrassment to the institution and our nation.  This man represents all that is wrong with our country.
It's lying Donald who needs to resign.
Get 'me, sir ! Lmao
Divider in chief. Bad!
Just be quiet; get off Twitter and try to be president!
What are you Kinder Garten boy?
because she is Soo likeable
Lyin' Donny
You're the one that's going to be CRYING  FAKE RUSSIAN PRESIDENT!!!
You are the President of the United States not the President of the Republican Party. You should try to unify the Parties not divide them.
Imagine that??!
Grow up Donald.
Crying Chuck?????? What the Fuck man? How is @FLOTUS anti-bullying campaign going? Obviously it has had no effect on her man child.
She'd have to be super human to pull that off.
Grow up Mr. President. So hard to respect you when you act like a child most of the time.
Yes PLEASE let them. both stay!
NP is so enamored with power/position that she would rather be removed feet 1st in a stretcher than to walk out unassisted.
2 things you are good at,yelling at a TV and playing http://golf.You  did a much better job on The http://Apprentice.YOU 'RE FIRED!
Grow up and  start acting like president. You are truly pathetic!
you are the worst uniter in the history of all presidents.  Your management style sucks.  And you should prob grow up
WTF god your such a child
Do you really think it's okay to be #POTUS and call people names that we wouldn't not allow in elementary school.  Grow up. Lead by example.
hopefully they force YOU out!! LOSER!! RESIGN!!
You could have worked with Schumer but no you reverted to school yard taunts and made fun of him for crying. Missed opportunities!
Liar.
You are the most undignified person ever to hold this office. Your language is an embarrassment.

Really, why don't you go away somewhere for 4 years and take "pants down" with you
Report for inappropriate discussion by a President. Coercive leadership should not be tolerated.
Ha! Ha! Yes let all the democratic lunatics stay in office! Mainstream America is laughing at them all and they are too stupid to notice!
Hey look, our president has the same grace as a 3rd grade bully.
With all due respect to the office of the president, not you Mr. Trump, somebody needs to slap some common sense and decency into you.
Divider in chief. How can you say you are representing everyone when you blatantly not.
This kind of rhetoric is not that of a leader. This is disappointing.
Donald, you are the president.  If you want to stay in your bathrobe all day and watch TV and swear, it's OK.  We will do  fine without you
Who will rid me of this meddlesome troll?
If he stays, he's still one of my two apostate Senators 
And please for the love of all - change your Twitter handle to #LYIN'TRUMP because that's what you are - our Liar-in-Chief.
Absolutely! They are our biggest help. MAGA
...said the 8 year-old child.
I certainly hope politicians and the electorate FORCE YOU OUT, daddy's boy Don.


WHAT ?     Fake news will run with this , try to keep this professional please start putting people in prison!!!
How professional are you being the top bully
How does this align with your all so holy call for unity at the congressional picnic?  You are such a hypocrite.  It makes me sick.
Why aren't you working? #TrumpTweets
Mr. President.  These public, personal insults are beneath the dignity of a President of the United States.

So true!   Schumer, Pelosi, Waters, & Warren are destroying the Democratic party single handedly!
You are an embarrassment.  You are mean spirited and I am ashamed to call you POTUS.
EFF U
You are the most classless president we have ever had.
This is undignified and unbecoming of the office. Not that you care.
Indeed, Mr President! The Dems MUST stay the course, go farther Left & keep marching. Nancy & Chucky are doing great!!!
What is wrong with you? You need psychiatric help. You're supposed to be the president and all you do is insult people.
Crying chuck #woke small hands equal small penis
Haha your are such a baby..laughable. What a dickbag you are.
Haha there's our president we love! 
lol!!!!
haha she may need to write trump on her hand so she can remember who our President is lol
Whatever you say #DufusDon
Name calling is not presidential or even helpful.  It's shameful and unkind.
You are such a Cry Baby Bully!
Check that ass!
You shouldn't wear white, especially cotton! I see where your KFC went.
She is not Nancy P. She is SENATOR PELOSI,former 52nd HOUSE SPEAKER, the highest ranking female politician in history you condescending ape.

You are so disgustingly juvenile that to call you "unpresidential" would be an insult to prior holders of the office who embarrassed us
I recall the campaign "Character Counts." Today's version is "Character is a Loser, Sad." #Deplorable Leader.
Hey Don, how could I have voted for You when I would've been the better candidate? I'm Fair-Considerate-Ask Questions-Collaborate & Honest.
Can I trust you not to sell out the country to the Russia to settle your personal debt? And to keep the US a democracy? You have my vote!
YES! I will never sell out Our Country, I have no Personal Debts, I served Proudly so WE THE PEOPLE can remain Free, I appreciate your Vote
Keep Pelosi and Schumer so they can finish the job of ruining the Democrat party.


You r so funny
Unbelievable that this petty minded, stupidly rich, paranoid braggart is the most powerful man in the world (next to Putin of course)
Good one!
@EladHutch  no one believes anything you say and you should be embarrassed  oh. You're not it's just in you
we want the same health care as everyone in congress since we are tax payers is that too much to ask?
#StandWithNancy #StandWithCryinChuckie
Russian Trump.
Be kind and lead with grace!
LMBO!
Making America great again. One condescending message at a time.
Hahahahahah she great run her for President perfect the the dum ass democrats new world order party
A president name-calling - PATHETIC 
#mayyourpresidencybeshortandprisontermlong
Half of @realDonaldTrump followers are bots. I tweet a few seconds after him, so don't follow him http://bit.ly/2qxIvNM  June 22 09:15
Lol yeah Cryin Chuckee !
U sound like a child.  And u r going to jail.  Only matter of time now.
Oh FFS, start acting presidential. You're embarrassing.
Real class!
Once again your tweets are unpresidential
