TrumpCare is actually a bill to lower taxes on the rich and wealthy disguised as a healthcare bill !!
Isn't that sad? He must go. His whole thing is revenge on Obama, one of our finest presidents.
So true... in Australia we loved Obama, can't stand Trump
4 down, and 3 to go on Israels hit list. Jews have our glorious leader by the balls.
Iran is doing nothing wrong. Yet another country on Israels hit list. Needs to stop! NO terrorism from them at all! EVER!
Let's hope this is the kiss of death for this candidate like it always is when supported by #dementiadonnie
you are blowing the budget of tax dollars to go to your resorts as a tax payer I want my federal taxs to go to Puerto Rico and healthcare
Sir, if Obama care is unconstitutional then why not use the law of constitution to repeal it?.. Sir. Just a layman with a wondering mind
CNN Producer: Voters "Stupid as Sh*t"– American Pravda: CNN Part 3 https://youtu.be/4dRGMME4VnM  via @YouTube
Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and.......
Not sure where we as a nation is headed
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
BREAKING : AP BUSTED in their own Bombshell FAKE NEWS Scandal http://truthfeed.com/breaking-ap-busted-in-their-own-bombshell-fake-news-scandal/86919/ … via @truthfeednews
Great Mr. President.  When will prosecution begin against traitors & seditionous? Enough already . #MakeArrests
Jesus is the ONLY hope of any man or woman. Pray. James Ch 4 was written to believers
ar_scotty#J.I.A. You people have the best President you've had in over 20 years. And you complain. Move to Syria.
Boy are you delusional.
5 wins in a row! I think your approval rating has gone up! Tell the Senate & Congress get off their Ass get to work for Trumpers! Thanks 

There is no one who can be a help to you#notmypotus
,,    PMx

If Trump gives the Middle Class tax breaks then he will definitely win a second term!
Yes, chief Cheeto head, but will he be loyal?
Who are you cutting tax for? you need to thank about the middle class people   we make this country great  #working class men an women !
Cutting taxes. Raising health premiums. Dismantling Medicaid. Then Medicare. Then social security. Be honest
HR 25
You work hard to cut taxes for those who can most afford it & call it fair, you help shape a health care bill that only the rich can afford?
... and making Russia great again. Find a hole ...
How sad that someone is willing to help you hate, steal from, and kill Americans. 
Is America tired of winning yet
That health care bill is nothing but a tax cut for the rich. And a death sentence for the poor & sick. U said u would not do it. U LIELIELIE
Cutting taxs 4 u & the rich only by gutting social programs to help sick people living in poverty. Howaboutwhatyousaiduwoulddo?#TRICKYTWEETR
what are you doing about the Russian probe
Liar Liar
You are jealous.
Bon appétit à tous les poulets
Hey Donald if healthcare is so good for American people how come you and house and senate aren't on it??
@realDonaldTrump  you should legalize marijuana
Actually congress makes the financial decisions for the country
Whenever you get to that...
get rid of all Obama holdovers
Cutting taxes for who? The top 1%?
News Flash..Obama did do something about learning of the collusion of Trump and Putin...its just a surprise...stay tuned lol
As if you needed help cutting taxes for the rich. You're a bigger crook than Nixon.
Question Mr President 
Do you recall during your campaign inviting Russia to hack Hillary Clinton's e-mail?
AND cutting the throat of those of us  who DEPEND on medicare. another broken promise on your part. SHAME
Cutting taxes for THE RICH. And...what?
TRUM☭
Soon, your die hard followers will see the true Trump, hopefully.
If you truly like anything that comes out of president trumps mouth please unfollowed me I'd appreciate it I don't like controversies
... tax credits don't amount to shit, because we need the money NOW to live and provide, not later after a tax return is processed
...in cutting taxes for the financially privileged. How about those of us who live from paycheck 2 Paycheck? For whom...
You mean for the rich?  We need good paying jobs to pay taxes.  Your friends don't need tax cuts
VOTE RALPH NORMAN! #MAGA
Ummmm....your taxes plan only represents the top 1%.....you are robbing the poor and the elderly
Obviously the OBSTRUCTIONIST who live by what JUNKFOODMEDIA feeds them cannot UNDERSTAND how this PRESIDENT is #MAGA
I don't try about it
Cutting taxes to the 400 people who don't need it? Great job there Donnie
Your tax cuts are only for the rich! Not what you promised while campaigning!
Don't tread on me Trump I will not call you president you are not for the people
Just like that stupid ass show repairs you're fired
Trump needs to be impeach
I hope he loses
Your tax plan is aimed at worsening life for the downtrodden .The border policy is also an instrument of intimidating foreigners
You are completely in your own world.
When are you ever going to come back to reality?
and.... Screwing up this country.  Pathetic @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and GOP. Screw Americans just for "agenda" win. All are unamerican.
#trump says he doesn't want poor people running the economy. Many don't want a billionaire moron running the economy,
God bless you Mr President and be with you in all your steps.
I never knew dems were this stupid. The crap u guys say blows my mind
President Trump hire top 10 minds away from def. contractors for 1m/Yr for 5 yr contract reboot Reagans Starwars build in NASA #missilefail
Disgusting!  wake up in the morning and watch news.  Then I get symptoms of DTs.  Ask Frederick Douglass about immigrant rules in effect.

The real Americans love and want your policies. Keep your plans going. I trust and believe  your #MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN#
That is great news.
Dont cut ELDERLY DISABLED VETERANS BY CUTTING TDIU BENEFITS
Yeah we trust that alright! Seen your picks so far and not impressed
God Bless America! And thank you for a Non-politician Businessman that will make America great again.
No participation trophies!
Mr Trump, you have clearly shown that you wouldn't know what social responsibility is if it came up & bit you in the a...!
In your taxes, not the taxes of the other 99% of America & at a cost far too great for the masses when they are faced with a crisis.
Go Trump!
Cutting taxes or. Cutting taxes from the rich!
Cina
China
You mean cutting taxes for the rich?
Useless that's the only thing I have to say thanks TRUMP and all of your supporters
He will help you to continue to do illegal stuff on the taxpayers dime??
.....fleecing the American Public.
a fantastic help in making yourself richer at the expense of the poor you mean.
应该对难民负责的是产生难民的制度和国度，而不是难民接受国，更不应该是接受国的纳税人，强迫别人接受难民是专制的强权的，是反自由的，也是反人权的。难民对接受国造成的损失必须由难民提供国赔偿，难民如果能创造价值，由接受国管理。
Long live democracy
@POTUS @jk_rowling @RoguePOTUStaff @Rosie @GeorgeTakei  @Alyssa_Milano @POTUS44 @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @DebraMessing
Wish everything could go Ur way and America could be great again!!
Really?   Makes me want to research which company is funneling money his way
People are behind you for the history of great change in this country. I came here legally, I have never seeing a great thing like this.
Sir , you are in my prayers each day , that you would rise above the storms and circumstance of life , never to be overwhelmed !
Xmccxugxmd ndncxnc

Fbxcm
Only 3 1/2 more years 1 term Donald I hope
Obstructing Justice?

Are you sure you are a legal alien???????!!!!!
Sir  what would be great from you to find the solution of jammu and kashmir which is disputed issue since from 60 years .
Again, Absolutely Correct Mr.President.All of you in Gov.who've opposed this sitting Pres.for just trying to protect us,we see you,ur fired!
You the man President Trump God Bless America
très belle paroles
You're a loser president. You lost the popular vote and lie about it. SAD.
What I don't understand is the president put out and order and no one has charged the judges who are saying ignore it with treason .
I think people are forgetting the health care plan is dems trash the republicans have to fix
You mean cutting taxes for yourself and your business interests.
Resign do the world a favor Resign
Fantastic! Maybe he can subpoena cdc's whistleblower before congress. Just a thought.
Crook.
Nothing can help u Trump ur a has been old man. God u even had to buy ur wife. U make my skin crawl.yuk,
@realDonaldTrump shut up
8 more years, baby.
Yes sir President Trump
And Georgia the Dems, are saying it dosnt matter because they were already Republican seats before? What a Bunch of Sore Loser Cry Babies!
and....?
Don't vote for Ralph Norman, cutting taxes for the pussy grabbing rich, not for the hard working American.
Cut taxes! And where do you want to get the money for your dull ideas? You planless #FakePresident #dumpTrump
Tie a stick with a bone out in front he will be amused
Dont be confused about Trump even his party and voters dont believe in him.
Great, how much more will my family be paying to fund your tax cuts for the wealthy? Despicable, welfare for the wealthy #ImpeachTrump
Keep on going mr president.  They will all@chill out when you do@good@for@the working class.
I just cut a deal with the IRS, now they at it again!  Very unsettling.
#Trumpabout #Georgia...don't get too excited you're facing #JAIL #TrumpRussia#Treason #ImpeachTrump#PutinsPup#DemForce #RESISTANCE
Two americans in jail in North Korea now.
Your taxes not the American peoples taxes. Sad bad president.
I dont think we even have a President by the way he's running things.. Just a complete idiot. 
Trump is the only politician I can stand I am tired of paying for others not to work
cutting taxes for the 1% isn't what American Citizens want...neither is trumpcare disgusting cronyism kick them all out NOW
@LouAnnRoberts4 South Carolina is sending him to you president Trump America loves you
isn't it called United States
Finally, someone to help!

Abolish welfare for corporations. 10x more given to corporations than to the poor.
Congratulations to Ralph Norman!
Keep pushing forward!
hagh？interesting
Dear POTUS I'd would love to be one of your presidential nominees.
Keep doing your job you are the best thing that has happened to our country for a long time.
Thank you Mr President
You mean cutting taxes for the rich!!
And we must eliminate the ridiculous fine that IRS imposes if you can't afford healthcare what does IRS have to do with healthcare
@jules pls stop PLZ stop, ugh
But we also cannot forget about the other 300 million people that Obamacare does not work for
We must figure out a way to keep the things that are working out of Obama care so those that are being helped will not suffer
