I thought you liked soldiers who don't get wounded
Just one day before a bafoon takes over in the White House. I am really worried for the image of the USA around the world. @realDonaldTrump
we are so  screwed as Americans!  Hopefully, we can get him out of office fast.  Obama so rocked. Sad he's out.
It is just tragic for America that @realDonaldTrump will be sitting in the Oval Office. Sure he will make a mess and get impeached
no it is a good thing
This must be a new definition of ‘good’ of which I was hitherto unaware @LisaIAm @realDonaldTrump
I dont think so
@realDonaldTrump ur a great person and a awesome President to be thank u for making it possible to be able to feel free again in America and not under a Dictatorship for the past 8 years.
BOT
nobody knows the military better than me. Nobody. I'm the greatest general that's ever lived. I know War. I'm smart. Great
let me tell you something that you don't know. In war there are gun things and there are the planes. There's some ships .
I would have served but had to defer the draft 5 x because of my ankle bone. I'm financially brave as I told vets.
who is the buffoon with the two thumbs up?

By privatizing the VA - You're loving & honoring them to DEATH.
cc: @hibaakaiko
so see he does care that ppl have served it's right on his page for ppl to see him.thanking them
no, look at his budget cuts.That says how he really feels!He has seriously defunded the military AND vete care
But I do have respect for the many men and WOMEN that  have served.
Trump needs a restraining order from his Twitter account let alone the White House. His Comb-over Team does too
Got bailed out by daddy all his life
squandered inheritancemax debt Bankruptcy Lawsuit JunkyThinks he's gonna #MAGA?
those are the real heroes
You Go! #MAGA
make sure you do right by them,  trump.  They really deserves it

no thank you Mr. President
God bless America and the Trump family
vets rock my socks off. Please release your tax returns I'm not a reporter #showmethemoney
Awesome! Thank you President Trump! God Bless America!
thats great
mad cheesin
now THIS was a good tweet! 

cadê o Obama
Did you serve your country? Oh that's right, you got deferments for  little bone spur in your foot
As I am sure it was a honor for them to meet someone with a heel spur that kept him from serving his country.
what is the thumbs up thing you keep doing
Very good
Donald just get some sleep and rest. U look tired.Stop campaining its over
Prepare for the Best day of Your life! Justrelax

military respect and honor, day 1
you are literally the only person genuinely smiling in these pics. #sad #takethehint #soldiersnotprops
Demand Trump be drug tested before taking the oath! NO WAY he's tweeting this as himself. It's too grammatically correct!
Hey, Don, is that how you avoided the draft - because of that thumbs problem?
@realDonaldTrump
Why so proud, your cutting their benefits.  Let's see what they think of you after a year!
Touching mr. 5 Vietnam conflict deferments.
Hey Trumpkins, how does it feel to be a tool in Trump's plans to enrich himself at your expense?
 @realDonaldTrump
Well Clinton already did that, as well as Harry Reid and most of Congress.  Got anything else?
respect for our heroes, even the ones that have been captured. It's high time you apologize & thank McCain for his service

they certainly deserve better than you for commander in chief. You do them disservice every time you open your mouth/tweet
don't speak for the military who overwhelmingly support him compared to the other candidates. Stop.
This attack did nothing except spend our money and we didn't even kill a side
Why didn't you attack Assad you did nothing but spend our money for nothing
.@realDonaldTrump You forgot to insult them Donny. Didn't you say you don't like people that get caught?

Again, please match the colors. It looks so bad being two shades of green. Just use the color match tool.
...aw c'mon don't hurt his fragile ego. He probably spent all day creating that.
So I guess that none of these fine people were never captured?  We know you don’t respect those who have been capture. Do you , Donnie Bone Spurs?
Ask all the other veterans and wounded warriors what they think of your TREASON!!!
Does that include draft dodger cowards like you President Fart???
what does that idiot on the end have on her head ???
don't get us into a world war(or else I will hack someone...)
Meme
Did you tell them how you settled your fraud case?
Like a winner.
shut it egg
No darlin.
okay scrambled?
Lame.
I didn't used to think you were 'presidential', but then I saw the double-thumbs-up and now I'm sold.
I doubt your comment, you'll keep trying to shit on him when he tweets next
you caught me. But don't you wish he made it less easy to completely mock him?
that's your decision not his.
I'm afraid I disagree-being an unhinged and narcissistic buffoon seems to be entirely his decision.
but the decision to shit talk is yours
and oddly you seem more concerned with my shit talk than his unmitigated incompetence.
that's because I spend more time living my life rather than crying about other peoples words
It is great to see you thanking incredible vets instead of calling POWs cowards.
@ausbiz Trump is a great supporter of our Vets and will do so much for them as President! #MAGA
as a vet you both make me puke.
thank you for your service and your continued patriotism.
.@realDonaldTrump These folks you honored are heroes as is GOLD STAR FATHER Khizr Khan whose son died in combat and who you INSULTED.
.@realDonaldTrump Not too late to borrow Mr. Khan's copy of the Constitution to cram for Friday's Inauguration.
asshole liberal.
How are those bone spurs doin?
- Trump needs to deport Your ASS
to where upstate NY? Where I am from. Because my dad was from the virgin island US. I'll go back there.
you forgot the one word with exclamation point. (ex. Sad! )Otherwise I would have thought he wrote it.
lol
I thought you said you don't like was hero's who were captured?
Armed Forces & Police are the beating heart of every Nation, even the worst one w/the worst gov.Nationality is priceless
Princess' grow up to be Queens. LIKE AMERICA'S-1ST WOMAN PRESIDENT!
you are not god.for America your gona get us kill!!
& thank you for your military service!   Er, military REFORM school.  4 years fighting for the right to party every wknd.
my husband is a master of bringing climax w music set list - can set up anytime in future from Cornwall NY
Grandpa-Reg. Army WW1, 3 uncles-Marines WW2, Dad-Marine Korea, 2 brothers-Vietnam. Sorry, but #Heroes deserve much better!
uhijcjmmxn k
G
I catch a lot of flack for being a supporter in WA, but I believe in you. Make America Great Again. It needs fixing.
congratulations.
DOES TRUMP DELETE NEGATIVE TWEETS?
@PuppiesforTrump we
keep your word fix what Odrama broke. It's a lot but you can do it
I noticed you didn't wear your purple heart medal with them
Need to shut down any traces indicating Obama is president.. https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/ 
Unless they are muslim, and then you don't give a shit.
Oh hi, Trump's intern! How are you today?
Please note that wounded warriors haven't received the promised increase in compensation promised to make up for last year.
You need a pro photographer.  http://KennethWajda.com  - I'll photograph you and you won't be blurry.
Draft Dodger. ILLEGITIMATE

you're aware the Wounded Warrior project pockets most of that money for themselves right?
Thank you for caring, it has been missed for 4 years.
This coming from a man who dodged the draft and disrespected service members and their families.  #fakepresident
excited for tomorrow!!
Amen
Show us ur #taxreturns so we can know how much u love and support them...Oh wait, that might prove your #conflictofinterest
keep them alive don't start a war when your feelings get hurt, bcz that's going to happen a lot. I know your not made of
He'll give many more service personnel the opportunity to get that Purple Heart he said he's always wanted. Many posthumous
if ur going to infest #POTUS office for a bit,learn 2 stop grinning & sticking ur 2 miniature thumbs in pics like an #idiot
Said the draft dodger.
Wounded who? What do you know about warriors, Mr. Draft Dodger? They were soldiers Donald. Guys who fought in war. They sacrificed for USA.
MR BONE SPUR
did you try to pick their pockets?
Don't you feel ashamed to stand with  men of honor when you cowardly dodged the draft ?
.@realDonaldTrump I think they'd appreciate it more if you didn't keep deferring on the draft when it was your turn.
They know your a draft dodger, bone spurs yet plays all kinds of sports Illegimate president #TheResistance #TrumpLies
Sir, is there any way you can sign my Army retirement paperwork.  I recently retired on 30 OCT 16.
I know who's going to sign my papers. Thank you Mr. Trump, great job!
WE L♡VE YOU DONALD♡♡♡♡#OUR SAVIOR
HURRY UP FOR TOMORROW!
Take GREAT care of our vets.  They are so courageous and selfless.
Thank the pawns of the war games poor guys.  Wake the hell up already?
says the man who got deferments.
PLEASE STOP CORRUPTION RIVERSIDE COUNTY SHERRIFS AND MENIFEE POLICE COVERED CRIMES AGAINST ME
A HUGE thank you for all who have served, are serving and those who have died serving.
Good to find it rewards you even a simple job, how homeland
Bitterness you are doing for others and find it throw stones
thank you to our V's  but how could Donald Trump tweet something like this when you talk so bad about Senator McCain POW?

LIVE AUDIO CHECK. DC INAUGURATION 
how's that foot
we did not get our 50$ a year raise for last 7 years we are loosing homes everyday, everything has doubled in price
You insulted John McCain's service as well as the Kahn family who gay their son for this nation. You respect nothing
how's the heel spur coming along
by passing laws that takes away the ACA, Medicare, Medicaid and greatly shirting the VA's budget.
~Sad
Thank You and your families for your service ♡
I like warriors who don't get wounded
bless your heart
now who should at parties, perfect selection of guests. America's pride is coming back.
Let the Russian puppet show begins.
God bless all of our veterans and especially those who made the ultimate sacrifice!
you are a hero and Patriot Rick
You don't deserve to be in the same room with them.
if you care than pull our military out of the heroin industry  in Afghanistan run by the CIA for yrs.

I have two children in the service.  My won in the AF, daughter in the Navy.  They didn't file for deferments. Coward!
How does it feel knowing that you will never be respected like they are? #Illegitimate #Putinspuppet #ReleaseYourTaxes
I thought you said you were getting ready to leave for DC.  Is this another LIE?
you want to thank them? Do it by not privatizing vets medical treatment.
How come you said "Well, I don't like heroes" how hypocritical are YOU! #SAD
They deserve better than you, who has no idea what military life is about.  Military families work harder than yours.
my President that the way to go support our heroes...God bless America
トランプさんは愚か者なんかじゃ到底ない。マスメディアはタメになる報道をしているだけです。
「100日計画」は大いに評価できます。
貴国は、日本の自立を促しています。歴史認識を整理して、あたりまえにしたいです。話はご理解のはず。

日本より。
Enough with the thumbs up, your used car salesman persona is showing.
so sinical
you're going to create so many more wounded warriors.
because anyone who has studied history has seen this all before.
 
Funny that they would want to meet with a #DraftDodger like you!
So long as they are not capture of course
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
U shld be ashamed of ur self attacking Rep John Lewis he put his life on the line to help others
You look really happy Mr. President.
You disrespected Senator McCain when you said "I like people who weren't captured." He was a POW! You were a draft dodger.
Why are you so goddamned orange!?
Why are you so goddamned bad at losing!?
listen FUB 200 of them said you where not fit to be President.
President Trump you have a chance to be the GREATEST PRESIDENT! Tom Barrack is a wonderful speaker on your behalf.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C. #Heroes h…
