Sadly a tweet is probably the warmest Donald has ever been with his children.
Oh shit. Oh shit - It's bad this time, huh? #trumpocalypse2017 #MAGA #Russia
WTF does that even mean? So you literally think YOU MATTER more than any other person not in America? Like say the Pope?
snowflake how orginal
orginal??? Did you graduate from Trump U?
they twist the Constitution to conform to them it doesn't protect illegals
Happy Birthday! And Thank you for all you do for us!!
and therefore these Governors can be impeached for aiding and abetting I would think
anyway thank you for all your hard work Mr. Trump and May God continue to bless you and your family
Fake news.
i think its funny how intel agencies tell u FACT Russia influenced the election. but yet, u don't understand how
that means ur election now falls into the ASTERISK category.. yea, he won, but maybe he wouldnt have if only...
im guessing that will kill u... simple, attack the ego, and the rst jst falls down like a tin foil hat... hehehe
our country suffered another tragic shooting @ #fortlauderdaleairport and u are sending out Bday tweets? WTF?
tweeted about the event in FL before the bday tweet.  What r u wanting him to do?he isn't #POS yet @LarryAdair @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump
how about not tweeting bday tweet at all. A least 24 hrs. You're defending him? Find the apprentice tweet.
i must have missed the rule about tweeting happy birthday on the same day as a tragedy. Lol
it's under the same page as don't trash talk your old tv show when you should be preparing to lead a FUCKING COUNTRY!
how do u know how well he is preparing ? By his tweets? Lol.

#happy birthday
That's the most important thing on your mind right now? Unbelievable. Just unbelievable.
DIdn't you have some kind of an important meeting? Nothing to report? Oh dear.
no one gives a shit!
Happy Birthday  to you
HAPPY BRITHDAY ERIC TRUMP
where r ur supports and not the dip shits who want to sponge off u?
Celebrating by killing lions in Africa again?
Wishing you a very Happy Birthday Eric.
Seriously,  @EricTrump...slink away now.
You didn't put it all in capital letters? You don't love him.
Go make me a sandwich
will the sandwich accompany one of those awesome mugs?
And a sweet tank top
America's #1 deadbeat 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/digger/wp/2017/01/06/third-lien-on-trump-hotel-brings-alleged-unpaid-bills-to-over-5-million/?utm_term=.1791dde924e5 …
happy birthday
Happy Birthday 
From the man who dumped your Mom because she got old. But he's got power and money, so bow down, little Eric.

Happy Birthday?
your a fraud!
that's my pee in your mug! Enjoy!
LOL, mine too!  Drink up trumpinskis!!
Re-read the mug. Read it carefully.
Happy birthday to your potato.
Listen here, lady, did I SPECIFY the COLOR of the POTATO? Maybe he is a SWEET potato. You are RACIST to POTATOES!
did somebody just assume my potato variety? #triggered
happy birthday  Eric trump.....
Happy birthday Eric. #Trumpsters all around the world wishes you all the best in life. Amen.
is that one Beavis or Butthead?
ANOTHER FAKE FOUNDATION...

http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/09/30/eric-trump-charity-spent-880k-at-family-owned-golf-resorts.html …
it's fucking 7pm, did you really just now remember your kid's birthday?
I was thinking the same thing.
You guys don't know his life. He probably called him first thing in the morning.
and you know his life? Oh please, give me a break. Drumpf sucks!

You must be so proud of your brave son...
@EricTrump
happy birthday! !!
the collaboration between you a Putin will come out.
happy birthday! :-) :-)
yay happy birthday  im a capricorn also hehe
Wow! A happy bd tweet to ur son @ 6:07 pm. That makes a son feel all warm & fuzzy. Esp after you've been tweeting all day.
Happy Birthday!
Not our President. Over 3 million votes!!!
中共滇府新华社银行与 #泛亚 签署诈骗百姓合作协议  http://go.shr.lc/2io8LEO  #国家大剧院 #国务院新闻办 #刘光溪 #李纪恒 #问责云昆政府
ready and willing to put tax dollars to something important.

#TrumpFraud #boycottTrumpinauguration #PUTINGATE #TrumpleThinSkin #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH @rosie

Here is your cake Eric.
I KNOW YOU THINK BLOCKING ME WILL SAVE YOU BUT I AM TELLING YOU, HE'S NOT YOUR BIOLOGICAL FATHER!! Also, HBD! 
what's it take to be blocked by fuckwad's fuckwad son?
I'm not sure.
I bet he inherited his dad's tiny...hands...
Ha Ha Ha. Good joke. We know you really mean tiny brain. #DonaldTrump
fuck perro infeliz
I just wanted to remind you that you lost the popular vote by nearly three million.
No need to call Trumpettes any names, just state the fact that he lost the popular vote and it makes them angrier than a dog shitting tacks.
angry? I'm very happy! Countdown to obama exit.
Don't tell anyone, but Obama was going to leave no matter who got elected.
Not really. Hillary was running on the Obama legacy.
Oh, so Obama would have 3 terms?
I was not aware of this law that says if you campaigning w/ someone, you get to be president for 3 terms. My bad.
Essentially yes, a third term of similar policy to extend the Obama legacy. Not hard to comprehend.
Oops-Dad almost forgot! 2 busy tweeting Apprentice Rating & Great Wall crazy. Don't be offended. Dad's not well
Happy "dad should have pulled out"day! How's that for air quotes
 But, we know dad loves to "Putin".
we could do this all day
Because none of you work for a living and can spend all day Trolling!
You can have the Dicktator Head...

Sir , I voted for you and I'm wondering how these states are getting away with these sanctuary city's
Donald Trump is the best president in history – at Speedway
Happy Birthday Eric Trump. Thanks from Tennessee
congratulations on your pick Mr. President & happy birthday to your son Eric.

Conar
Happy Birthday Eric! Mine was January 8th!
I will not shop at Kmart no more
why do ppl w/kids get tax break?I don't have kids&don't use public schools,why don't i get tax break?
Sorry for not posting earlier, Happy Birthday @EricTrump, hope you had a great day.
Did you give him a stuffed leopard?
take a polygraph test on live TV about your involvement in the Russian hacking. Hillary won by 2.9M votes loser!
Happy Birthday ... a little late...God Bless
#boycottTrumpinauguration #PUTINGATE #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #ElectionFraud #VladimirPutin #corruptGOP
birthday greetings and congratulations

Happy birthday Eric..We love you!!! 

you buy him a pony? Lmao. Pathetic.
You are absolutely blessed by God Pres.@realDonaldTrump .you are an amazing gift to America.God bless you sir.
Really? Thoughts and prayers followed by a birthday shout for your spawn? You are truly the most disgusting thing in this world!
Yes! Happy Birthday.
Happy Birthday! Wishing U A GREAT DAY 2 ENJOY! & Many MORE! God Bless U & Guide U Thru! LETS GET 2 WORK 2MORROW
Dear Diary, I like Eric's hair.
#heyasshole very heartfelt... If it's not on Twitter it doesn't count right?
Happy Birthday!
PUKE
Well, actually, everyone else hopes his bday was awful since he steals lemonade from Chik-Fil-A.
Loving your womansplaining responses to Trump!
Thanks! I think I'm going to do this forever now.
Good! It will make the next four years a bit better!
Happy Birthday to another Jan. 7th celebrator
He is as selfish, greedy, ugly & disgusting as his sperm donor is. Ur entire family is an international joke.
#illegitimatePresident
Happy presidential election to you DJT
I sure hope this Tweet wasn't extent of b/d wish. Does Dad hug you? Give you big trust fund for birthday?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Happy Birthday Eric! I hope your birthday is super and this year is the most awesome yet! Enjoy your day!
WE NEED & want a president we can look up 2 and B proud of. Hope Trump works diligently to be that person.
happy birthday first son Eric
sir need change american with every country in the world
，Happy birthday for your son
Happy Birthday Son Of Satan.
you're not anybody's president especially not mine
birthday gift
happy birthday to you
Happy Birthday Eric.
Can't you call your son to wish Happy Birthday like a normal person?

I share a b day with that creepy dude? #vomiting
guess a malformed one squirted through
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ERIC!  Thanks for ur hard work in ur Dad's POTUS campaign . U Trumps r all a "class act". USA is blessed!
don't be a lazy Dad pick up the phone and say Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday  Eric.
happy birthday to you.
Happy Birthday
ew. Your son is gross and so are you.
wow I thought all your kids were hatched on a rock by the sun.
Sincerest wish, that he isn't developing you disorder. narcissistic personality disorder.
TrumpWILLMakeAmericaGreatAgain
not to take away from Eric's birthday, but what happened to your tweet storm about the Russians
no one cares.
Happy birthday Mr Trump!
.@realDonaldTrump Did you JUST remember it was @EricTrump's birthday? I guess that's because he wasn't a special tax write-off.
All of you Trumps are stupid and you all need to drown in a pool of your own blood!
Make it Great Hung all Natz's First 100Days I'm sure you guys can get PUTIN to clean up if it gets messy.
happy birthday to you
Good Dad you are  Mr president-elect
treat Eric to an African safari do he can kill more defenseless animals. I bet he has small hands too. #NMP
#myfavoriteTrump ...Happy Birthday even though I don't know you!
Happy Birthday  Eric!!
Hope your birthday was the best!
Trump’s having a ball: inaug adds up to just another opp for  the rich to pay to play
But Ivanka is my favorite  and then Don Jr but you just edge out Tiffany! Happy Birthday! 
://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/trump-putin-and-the-big-hack
#Putinspuppet
Your dad should have not just "pulled out" of the election. #youkillanimalsforfun #thatmakesyouanasshole
Pls try to reset relation with Moscow. I wish you all the best on the throne.
Eric really does look like the creepy serial killer unsub they often cast in Criminal Minds
Sorry, Eric, your dad was too busy to wish you a happy birthday, so his staff is doing it for him.
I LOVE MY PRESIDENT TRUMP <3
just another Nazi.
Happy Birthday golden Boy
Hope you killed something endangered and big today!
You Tweet your own son?  Don't know his #?
Do you know HOW to use a phone?  Do you even OWN a cell phone or is that too ADVANCED for you?
Happy Birthday Eric- it's not your fault your dad is a puppet for Russia, but please go easy on the hair grease!
Canada says happy birthday Eric 
Stay strong
Happy belated  Birthday Eric!
This is what you learned in the intelligence briefing? It's Beavis' Birthday. Or is he Butthead?
if one of your kids is convicted in NY for illegal activity in Trump Foundation, will you allow him to be jailed
You raised wonderful smart children,President Trump.Happy Birthday Eric.May God Always Bless the Trump Family.

who gives a shit. Why not go on another canned hunt. he's a total pansy.
says: "Happy Birthday to almost me... or.. Er.. Eric? Who the hell is tha.... oooh, shit.. yes. Happy birthday, son."
Happy Birthday, Eric! Have a great day!! 
not a fan of you, or what you stand for. However, I've nothing against your children. Happy Birthday! Have a wonderful day!
you CAN'T dissolve your businesses because you're in DEBT! BIGLY YUGE!! You HACK!

buy real plugs before it's too late
let's see the First Lady (or not so lady like) naked
Eric always gets the short end of the stick. You waited until night to send him felicitations. NOT FAIR!!
Happy Birthday Eric!! Just one of your many fans!!
Nazi jr Eric Trump's has his unAmerican,uneducated, traitor old man's bad legacy, he's happy with $$ u leave him
- I've been there. I know how it feels....
you guys are terrible.Get off social media and do something for this country. Nothing more than a pair of divas
You know @realdonaldtrump's staff sent birthday Tweet, right? You'll never be his favorite. Don Jr & Ivanka & Barron get it all
Both are cucks
