No Don't want her to run she will find a way to spend the peoples money for her gain.
But Trump is not
Great sense of humor, Sir!  Lol
Myriam, he doesn't like women
I would rather HRC  be prosecuted. It's past due for her to go before a jury of her peers. It will take the rest of her life & she still will not have her debt paid.
Best tweet ever!! 

Will she ever face charges for what she has done
Well she belongs in prison and you promised to put her there
John, if you're gay, he doesn't like you
Don't you have more important things to do than speculate about an election that's 3 years away.
He's busy eating and watching cartoons while groping women
She should be in jail
Hopefully she will be in jail or hell.
She is going to run in 2020 and she is going to kick your ass. Be careful what you wish for. Remember she won the popular vote #Hillary2020
Yea i hope she runs again you will lose if she runs again
He'll steal the votes again
Can she run fro jail ?
she will be in prison
She can't be that stupid
if you’re thinking you’re going to get elected again, 2020 will be a fun wake up call for you
Is like to see that. I wonder if she could actually be worse.
Ughhhh!
He needs to stop already - he won the electoral vote. 45 is prez. but not by the popular vote. GOPers just love that gerrymandering
Trump's an a-hole in the truest sense.  He makes idiots look bad.
You keep saying "crooked Hillary"  Have you heard the old cliche? "It takes one to know one"
Time to stop the name calling. Grow up and act like an adult. You should be out of Kindergarten by now.

You won`t make it to 2020...If your impeached...LOL!
I hope so too, because she would win
How about you spend less time giving Hillary shit on twitter and actually try to do some good for our country
But cheating doesn't decide who the American people want as a president
#LockHerUp
And he can sexually harass women
You Crack me up!!! Don't worry Mr. Presidebt, God is on your side! Let's the haters say what they will and just let it roll off your back!
Bergamo-Mendez, trump doesn't like you with a name like Mendez.  He'll deport you
No she hasn’t she’s blamed everyone but herself for losing.  She won’t shut up. Go be with your #rapistbill and leave us alone. #lockherup
What?!?!  Raping and Beating up white women?!?!  And do I need a note from your mommies to reply to a tweet?  I think not.
He doesnt need to because there’s no evidence to prove any treasonous activity... A person who is guilty would go out of their way
Unless the russians directly hacked the election (and they didnt) then i see nothing wrong with having a good relationship with them
They have proof? Then where are the charges?
Nothing will be done as nothing can be
"Crooked Hilary" was never investigated for treason.
And Trump was never found guilty of it either...
It isn't over
Why don’t we open an investigation into her crooked Foundation?
Hey, idiot, how about looking into Trump's sexually harassing women.  After all, his relationship with his daughter is questionable
U will lose FC# head we' re on to u and Russia now!
what about the earthquake trumps in pv
She has no chance
She has no chance if Trump steals the votes again!!!
Better her than Donald


#Maga!
#MAGGOTS


You know she is smarter than you right?
A hell of a lot smarter!
How about replacing Sessions with Trey Gowdy and put Clinton behind bars where she belongs
You are suffering from a disease called "Hillapsychoism"! Do you know about this diseas, Mr. President? Google it!
Hello POTUS That's why she will run because she'll sell the investigation of her as political persecution. Like we're some third world country.  But the more you fine the better.  Get Jeff moving on this. But don't present before 2018 election.  Your AG has to be right.
She should have been arrested long ago and Obama too..Do not take advice from Ivanka and Jared...Last two to ever listen to they are dems.
Fingers crossed that you blow an aneurysm before then.
آقای ترامپ خواهش ميکنم فکری به حال مردم ایران بکن ما در این کشور خیلی بدبختیم التماستون میکنم مردم ایران را نجات بده جلوی جنگ را نگیر
I love you
We know you won't be
Forever in love with my Donald Duck
She's probably dumb enough to do it!
What hypocrisy! You calling anyone else crooked when you are thee king of crooked
She can't run from jail.

For all you Trump haters! Grow up !

I will stand still with you Mr President Trump till 2020. Please we need you in our country of USA. American people LOVES you!
You are not
Waste of time!
You will not WIN A 2nd TERM! #RESIGN #LeaveAndDontComeBack #weRESISTYOU! #YOUARETHEFAKEPRESIDENT that creates #DumpFakeNews You should ne so ashamed of yourself #KFCA$$hole #HillaryWILLBEATYOU #LMFBO Donny boy you #Amuse me  
L O S E R !
Looks like the troll train rolled in! #MAGA
Hillary will be sitting in a nursing home wearing a diaper and drooling on herself by 2020!
You suck as President.
How do you have the nerve to call anyone crooked you are the most crooked in the universe
@dittman_beth I hope she is in jail by than and cannot run. Looks like Sessions is the wrong man 4 D job. May be connected.
Will she can afford it she seems to have a spare 145 mil to play with
WE DO NOT WANT HILLARY AS OUR PRESIDENT.
Something for you to watch from your cell?
De todas maneras se esta acabando el mundo y no vas a ser vos, hijo de puta, el que lo va a salvar.
Idiot.
the way things going you might not be president  in 2020
You will be in jail ,
Oh and by the way you are only adored by that person that lives in your head. There are medications to treat your condition.
Oh and so do we!! I wonder how many bones you'll break when you fall off that pedestal you put yourself on princess Trump.
I think it's LYING DONALD we should be concerned about, in 2020 and today.
Lol Awesome answer.
Hey Donnie do nothing... #TrumpRussia
Trump v Clinton 2.0! Gotta love it! 
Wtf insanity, hope for something better
Whine, whine, whine
I thought you were gonna lock her up?
LOCK HER AND BILL UP
She should be in prison
And this time,  RUB HER NOSE IN HER FILTH!
Says the rabbid leader of the Dump Swamp!
narcissist
Yes and she can use AMAGA as a slogan. *Actually* Make American Great Again. Though I suppose in a way ousting you is a sign of aiming to-
Actually follow through on the whole make America great again.
That’s funny my president
Are you being sarcastic?!?!?!?!?
lol 
Deadass.
U just have to love this guy. I'm with u. However step it up with pr a lil.

She should be charged with treason! @POTUS #HillaryForPrison @HillaryClinton
I reading the news.
Bye Giovanni
Mr. Fake president, you've proven that no one is more crooked than you.
She lives in denial. Can't accept we don't want a Marxist President who believes in UFOs.
In her orange pantsuit with numbers stamped on the back
LOL I hope so
Will you be running for licking the corpus cavernosum?
Nawa o... This man self
@NorthAfricanJew he still talking about the win lame ass dude
No you weren't
Fake news. 100% positive nobody asked you that because nobody still cares as much as you do
What happened to putting her in jail?
It would be a Win/Win for our President Donald Trump.  But who would financially back her? TUMS?  Since she's full of gas or Sh-t.

Hillary Clinton needs to STOP just STOP.
I know this is going to  fall on deaf ears, but please understand, nothing is open more times by mistake than the mouth.
I didn’t think felons could run for president, be hard to campaign from jail.
You realize 6 of Trumps officials have been proven to conduct white house business on private email servers. Hmm, weird how coddle the crook
So do we, Moscow Trump, so do we.
That makes two of us.
I agree
50 years from now, conservatives will still be crying about hillary and obama.

Let
it
go.
@PressSec petty
Felons can't run for office, can they?
How about having her stand trial for criminal racketeering instead of running for president.
Might be the only status of yours I EVER like ... 
I HOPE NOT
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
I hope so too! And I hope she WINS!
Good morning Mr. President in reference to the issue at hand she as well as you are professionals I wish you both the best
 BAHAHAHA
With any luck, you'll be watching from prison.
Jesus - get off Hillarys jock. Why are you so interested in her?
@FLOTUS or maybe this is the internet bullying you're talking about?
Ah, the teflon witch; lie, lie, deny, deny, obfuscate and wait; it will go away; the Clinton mode of operation.
Hope so too, since Donny Dotard won't be!
We are hoping she & Obama are in Prison then
How have they not taken your phone yet. Is this something that you should be focused on at 9:12AM... you have an entire country to run #bruh
me too!
Dont know why you are calling hillary crooked!! Look at yourself first b4  you start calling someone else crooked!! You stole the election!
No Mr. President she won’t be able to run, maybe wobble but not run
Why? So she can beat you
Idiot
I’m looking forward to the debate already.
Hey, I’ll run “Oversight”!!!
you won't make it! #ImpeachTrump
Are you really that arrogant that you think people with vote you in twice
me too !
What really happen to the Clinton foundation? I think Americans should know why they had a foundation. Funnel dirty money
