Now that he sees how good healthcare can be, he will certainly vote against you.
And we can now push you off a cliff like you are trying to do to us!
Everyone deserves healthcare.  It's a basic human right!
Not it isn't. It is insurance!!
#wwjd
Health care isn't a basic human right breathing and eating is a basic human right, insurance is a claim to have so you can be financially ok
Anyone that has the ability to save lives and refuses to do so on the basis of someone not having enough $ is a p.o.s and waste of space.
As are those who are able but refuse to get off the government tit.
Your hypocrisy is showing BIGLY.
Yeah. Nah
He/McCain should prove he is a hero, by voting against you and your nasty agendas.
So he's a hero now, you Wotsit faced, hessian haired, Jeremy Beadle handed man baby?
That's not what you said about him on the campaign trail.
I just read what you said to the @boyscouts yesterday. As a former scout, I'm appalled. Please apologize.
Please? Well that should overcome the inept old man's narcissism
Now he's an American hero?  What happened to "I like people who weren't captured".  You're a crazed lunatic.
Now he's a hero? I thought you didn't like him because he got caught!
#TuesdayThoughts
Yes the MAN you called out during your presidency run. A TRUE HERO @SenatorJMcCain unlike you. #fakepresident
Ummm...
Flashback to you said about McCain: "He’s not a war hero. He was a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren’t captured”
we all remember what u said about McCain during the campaign.."He’s not a war hero. I like people who weren’t captured"
I'm sure he is conflicted in this tweet, he took the Presidential road. The road Hillary never found, she's still wondering in the woods.
McCain served his nation long before you won via your Russian connections.
Just not for you
Freaking hypocrite!!
Wow. Just... Wow.
and McCain said he would vote NO!  Thanks John!
Oh, I guess your tiny mind doesn't remember your vile comments about him. You obviously have no regard for his health.
Wow...FLIP FLOP much?   Don't worry he sees through you.
#StopArmingTerrorists The White Helmets are composed of Al-Qaeda & ISIS. George Clooney gave The White Helmets a fucking Academy Award !!
I don't think McConnell belongs in that line uphe's been 100 x's more sincere than those other 2, I think he worked hard?
McCain flipped, he told them he was voting yes!
Guess you wish you had this one back, eh?
Boy did your opinion of him chance now that you need his vote.  You chance like the weather.
Let's hope he votes NO. I thought heros didn't get caught!
May I remind you of your own words

But I suppose Vets and POWs are only "Heroes" when you need them

#DraftDodgerDon
#NoTrumpCare
never forget this traitor's words of jealousy and envy
@realDonaldTrump will never understand what it means to put everything on the line to protect something you believe in.
Truer words were never spoken
And I'm so sorry for what he's done to your party
Thank you!
An opportunity rebuild part of a 2 party system that has severely lost it's way over the years as evidenced by the @GOP congress
Here here! Glad to have you among us in #TheResistance 
1/ Thank you!
I'm proud to be associated w/ such a great group of strong caring people.

I'm a left leaning moderate that is hopeful
You are personally killing him because you hate people who get captured. This is Caligula-level spite.
Says Mr. Bonespur himself!
Now he's a hero in your eyes. You are such a back stabbing, catty, hissy fit throwing cry baby. Your desperation is just sad now. LYING DJT.
Remember what you said about Senator McCain? We do.
What do you know about heroes, Donald?
Your family's devotion to our country is....sad.
You are not fit to shine McCain's shoes
Basically, every morning and most evenings on Twitter. Are you lonely, Donald?
I'm starting to think he has a thing for Hillary
If Hillary committed any crimes , she should be tried in a court of law . That is what the Rule of law is about : No special privileges.
@POTUS But he was captured or is him coming to vote what makes him a hero?  It's all about you isn't it?  He will vote no.  Just wait.
man you are just asking for it here!
You are a hypocrite.  You don't believe we remember your prior quotes.  #Narcissist
Didn't you say this man wasn't a hero many years ago? Stating he was captured and heroes don't get captured? The foolery
I thought you preferred people who don't get captured. Isn't that what you said when you besmirched a war hero?
So now that you need his vote, you call him a hero. He is a hero, but call him that on a day you don't need his support.
Great that McCain has health insurance and does not need to go bankrupt to receive treatment.
Clutch those pearls Dani!
Still not president 
If that were true you wouldn't still be screeching honey

19,039 children could've benefited from summer programs for the amount that taxpayers spent on Trump's vacations.
How about the amount 0bama spent on Syrian rebels and Iran?
How much was that exactly?
1.7 billion, 1.3 billion, 400 million,....I guess that came from his paycheck..
I guess those figures came from your imagination. Gimme real proof or quit wasting my time.
I guess a quick Google search would help, oh wait..there goes fakenews CNN actually reported it!
Learn the history, that money was an Iranian assets that where illegally frozen And held by the pass administration. Iran won a court case..
So the court demand USA to pay back with an interests. That's a huge money. So they settled out of court. You don't hear it from Fox News..
Thank GOD for Senator John McCain who Voted NO on Your "Try" a Kill the ACA!
In July 2017, McCain went to Arizona to treat brain cancer, and underwent surgery on the intestines. It seems that these two organs are closely interrelated in the body of this person.
Take your head out of Trump’s posterior
Stick your head up your posterior.
your friend Trump is the worst President ever.He lies,He is a sexual predator,He is a racist
Eat my http://grits.You  have a nice life.Done
Finally we can agree on something!!!
Life comes at you fast, Fake President.
World is laughing at you... excuse for a man
Well that backfired lol.
weird, you were mocking him not long ago. you do know we check your old tweets right?
The only tweet of POTUS that I have agreed with in a long time...rings even truer today!
So, Pumpkin King, how did that work out for you?
Yes thank you John!!!  That dude played the Senate like a fiddle u should take notes.
SO GREAT THAT @SenJohnMcCain IS COMING BACK TO PUT ME IN MY PLACE BECAUSE I AM A BULLY WHO HIDES BEHIND THE @SecretService AMERICAN HERO 
Yes, he did save America for a little while longer  #uspoli
Ummm...You said he's not a hero because he got captured.
You lying sob
How'd that work out for ya?
i liked yourl position of preferring people who didn't get caught as your heroes... now he's surrendering to the democrats!
That backfired
Agreed! Thank you Sen. McCain. You are a true role model and American hero.
Indeed! He stuck it to you bigly you loser!
Yes!  Thank you John!!!
Yes John thank you! A liberal......
Good vote John, thanks!!! 
How'd that work out for you? hahahahahaha America is laughing at you. You tried to screw us - we fought back!!!
Um ... hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Hahaha
Haha. Loser.
So McCain coming back made him a hero...how did that work out for you? LOL...what a loser!!
Guess he showed you didn't he donny? LMAO.  He likes Presidents not colluding with Russia.
Yes, thank John McCain for this morning's vote! A true American!
Yes, Thank you John. Taking a stand against the presidential bully pulpit and having no truck partisan manoeuvres that weaken the senate.
How'd that work out for you Donnie? He's a hero, and he proved it by telling you to go bite it. Good times
Yes, thank you John
Thank you John.AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Yes, thank you John!
Karma.
Yes, thank you John!
THANK YOU!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain !!!! Best Wishes and a speedy recovery.
how you feeling about Senator McCain now???
Wow the hypocrisy here is just...oh wait no, this is exactly what we've come to expect from you.Carry on.Why change the habit of a lifetime?
Today he is certainly ahero.
ha ha ha ha ha ha  .. what a putz u r !!

All he did was help dems
Yes, Thank you John ! You did the right thing. Dozens of others standing behind you i wished that had your integrity. #ImpeachTrump
Yes!!! He did the RIGHT thing by voting against your cronies. 
#DownWithTrump
#ImpeachTrump
Thumbs up to Mc Cain...oh, now he's a hero cause you want his vote? Smh..
#LordDampNut BAhahahahaahahhahaahaa!!!!!  #bityouintheass #Sad
Irony. It's not just the opposite of wrinkly.
So brave.
u got that right, it was great! Thank U @SenJohnMcCain , @lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins. U give us hope -we can fix this & work 2gether
Este hombre es de tripi.
Real Americans who support the #ACA were pleased, as well. #12thGenAmerican
Yes he is a hero
@Gwpass1 yes and he voted well!
A hero indeed!
Could not agree more with you, Mr. President. John McCain is an American hero and he killed Trumpcare.
Mr President republicans called to "debate"  healthcare since the 90s they have no intention on moving ahead they still want a debate Sad!
Yes! Thank you SOOOOOO much @SenJohnMcCain
Yes, thank you
Yes.....a big heart felt thank you Mr. McCain
McCain is a TRAITOR.
Hey! For once, I agree with you!! #McCainStrong
He says, You're welcome  ;)  He is for the American ppl and wants to fix the ACA, not it, not kill us.

Bet you feel like eating those words now.  Haha suck it.
Can't wait to see your new McCain tweet!
Yes. It was great.
You should thank him today too so you don't appear to be a hypocrite.

Yes he is...and you're not!
Update: John McCain later gave a thumb down to this tweet too
Yes! Thank you John. I concur!
I too wish to thank war hero @SenJohnMcCain for his NO on #ACARepeal. He showed the Draft Dodger in Chief what real courage looks like 
Yeah!
Jagoff
Blablabla
I guess McCain showed you, huh? Hahaha.  You may have gotten out of the draft but now your a failure in front of the world.
Too bad he voted like a Democrat!
American Hero indeed….
Hey Donnie - turns out we agree for once.
McCain's a hero and you're still a child molester.
#Trump #TrumpFucksDogs
HA!  KARMA IS A BITCH!!!!
Wonder if #Drumpf  is still grateful
@Johnmccain. Yes, be brave John McCain. Break away from your Liberal Gandlers and REPEAL OBAMACARE.
I finally found something that I agree with trump on
Would somebody please write an opera about the vagaries of how people have felt about John McCain over the past 10 years?
@NMC_PharmD18 I fully support Trump here.
Thank God three Republicans did the right thing scuttling #SkinnyRepeal. #SkinnyRepealFAIL
Think he said this this morning! 
What's he to you now, DT?
Ha!  @JohnMcCainDaily.  THANK YOU for coming back to vote!  THANK YOU for keeping it real. Happy now? @realDonaldTrump #resign #FakePres
Yes, thank you John McCain for casting the vote to kill the skinny bill! Awesome! #SkinnyRepealFAIL
He voted against you. Guess he doesn't like a POTUS that has been captured by Putin. He is truly a great American!
Yes! Thank you, John!
Yeah how did that work out for you last night? You suck
@POTUS for once you were right
Ha ha, he was brave for a purpose. Yes
Even if you don't think he's a war hero since he was captured; He sure is a hero for stopping YOU. As are Collins and Murkowski #fail #bigly
Yes he did....
Bwahahahaha

Your opinion of @SenJohnMcCain and his hero status change again after last night, Donny? #DraftDodgerInChief #McCainHero
Yes, thank you John! Once again, you were a brave American hero!
Go Home DT. Made America Great and someone eles do the job. America deserves respect and calmness. Just GO.
#TrumpTweets 
Funny liberals hated mcain yrs ago. Shows there brain hate trump at any cost.. yes hate the guy who wants to fix us and get rid the swamp

In hindsight are you glad he came? Thanks, John McCain, for standing up to this disgrace of a legislation.
Indeed! Good for him! 
McCain kicked you in the balls.
before you were elected you said he wasn't a hero. Then you said this. After the vote are you changing your mind again?
Now, get rid of that Bannon, you heard Scaramucci say what BANNON does!
How'd that work out for you 45?
I agree! Yes, thank you Sen. @SenJohnMcCain for your vote! #MAGA
How's that working out for you now, Donny? I guess you'll be back to disparaging McCain this morning.
Didn't see that one coming!
Yesterday he was his best friend...today his worst enemy
JM he's a shill counting the days when he will stop serving his pocket and special interest treasonous dog.
yes.... thank you!

John McCain #OWNED Donny fat fat. It's the only victory McCain will ever have
Bahahaha!  You've changed your tune now.  Amazing how mercurial you are.
Still thanking him?
Thank God John McCain came back to Washington!!
Mcgoon sucks
How did that work for you, he voted against your Bill. As a war hero McCain showed courage. As a Senator he showed the same courage.
Yes finally something we agree on!!
This three days ago.
so glad you finally recognize a true American hero. You, of course, are a pathetic Bozo with no redeeming value whatsoever.
Thank you john
It shouldn't be a struggle to get enough votes to pass laws if these laws were any good, especially when your party has a majority.
aged well :>
I couldn't agree more Mr. President.
So,  is John McCain still brave...and a American hero?
I am sorry, but McCain would not vote for Obama Care if he was getting his brain tumor radiation and chemotherapy treated under Obama Care.
Regret this tweet much?
