So your plan is to screw everyone first, then go and try something

Ok. GOT IT
Fake president is insane and trying to take the US down with him. Leave and go to Russia where they love the Fake US president.
Explode explode
You keep saying bad stuff about people that is not true about them.  Instead, you are really saying bad stuff that you are doing.
After we replace both houses of Congress, we will replace you and your administration.  Then there will be Medicare for all.  You will need it.
Yeah yeah yeah.  You lying whoremonger.
Your hands are know bounded with the Dems.  Not of your choice but forced in a corner. Your my Oresident and I stand by you always but with a broken heart.  I am afraid for this country and our future
YOu hate everything that Obama has done.  You do not care how good the stuff was, you want to end all his good work.  You hate blacks.
You’ve been trying your hardest to implode, explode and otherwise decimate Obamacare since you took office. Wouldn’t it be easier to just rename it and fix it? People would THANK you and sing your praises!
Jobs will not stop the hate.  Understanding, love, and putting an end to the hate groups will help stop the hate.
You can not repeal ObamaCare so you are out to destroy it from the inside.
1/2 pension Pays premium 1500.00 deductable plus ( new this year) 10% major medical PER PERSON = BROKE
Mr. President you where my hope for this country along with million others. What you did yesterday was sign away our hope.  I have not stop crying because I saw you fold to the Dems. I thought you where our hope to make this country great again. Your hands are now tied.
Hey 45!....
US couldn't replace ACA when US focused because US didn't participate while draft/passed it.  US couldn't cooperate then, now, what are/did US pay Congress for. Get to work cooperatively. ACA not the problem u & big $$ = problem. Fix that or get out of US way
If ObamaCare  explodes it will be your fault Donald Trump

what's wrong w/a bipartisan group to improve the current ACA health policy  why do both sides fight constantly
your in charge, I worry!
thank goodness this did not pass.  Time to eliminate  mandates & permits open competition  crossing states
your an absolute star ! Holy Mary mother of God !
TKS FOR SHOIWNG YOUR POOR LEADERSHIP SKILLS. BLAME OTHERS.  YOU ARE A LAME PERSON IN WH. YOU. YOU ARE TRULY JUST A P***Y GRABBER IN CHIEF
#LyingTrump It was 33 members of you own party that was against the bill because it was BAD.  Less coverage. More $.  Sad
I'm sure you will do all you can to ensure it explodes.  Sadly, we can expect nothing more from you.  Above all else, you must be right!
Ich glaube es...
if you want bipartisan health care, quit talking about "repeal & replace" (bad words) and start talking about improving!
Shifting money from the healthcare into Trump Hotels every weekend is what despots and dictators do.
lol It will not explode! Now's the time to fix the problems that exist! NOW U HAVE TO PAY ATTENTION TO US FOR A CHANGE!
Remember the MAJORITY did NOT vote 4 U! U need 2 learn the art of ass kissing or u'll never get anything done! AMERICA WILL NOT KISS UR ASS!
you are truly the most negative so called "POTUS". Be a man & accept defeat. Solutions work better than insults. Grow up!
I thought you already told us not to worry bc it was coming along great & the news was all lying?
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/839883804315684864 …
@PRETTYGIRLGG11 @realDonaldTrump Ya the beautiful picture hahahahaha. Loser!!!!!!
oh, you lose the AHCA battle so ur vengeance gene kicks in so you really really want to screw Am-Cause ACA to 'explode' 1/
..as a great big #IToldYouSo rather than repair, work w/Dems & help all Americans - you're a callous craven #SoCalledPresident toddler #liar
You and the @HouseGOP own this failure & it's your respon to govern for All AMericans; Stop the rant & the blame & the non-accountability 3/
How many rejection will you face until you give up spitting on your citizens ?
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpLies
GOP had 7 years & all they could come up with is tax cut for rich & kill tens of thousands of poor. #Trumpcare is dead!
How about making sure that people who did have premiums that went up get the assistance they need! GOP are ones blocking!
Instead of tax cut for rich, increase taxes for richest Americans & help those that need it most, including your supporters
Yes it will. Car wreck people alone are killing ACA. Why do you think insurance companies are pulling out.
Or you could, you know, be a leader & work to improve ACA rather than root on failure like a petulant child. #AskingTooMuch
Crickets, chirp,chirp, chirp.
once you admit you're fallible, THEN maybe, just maybe, you'll learn to be a leader of an ENTIRE country.
don't understand how you could blame the democrats for the bill failing,it was the GOP fault, they couldn't come together..
If you don't want people to worry best avoid using words like explode.
so instead of waiting and risking lives "piece together" something now don't rush take your time. Just a thought
Mr President, you may be losing some of 
Your well earned credibility.  Ryan should go now.
Please repeal the Obamacare taxes as soon as you can
Will primary, protest, vote out, and castigate any Democrat agreeing to Trump agenda, unless positive and benefits the PPL
ur so delusional Donald Duck
You have had 7 years to come up with an alternative & failed so what makes you think you'll succeed then?
why does our President appear to be hopeful that Obamacare will fail?  Meanwhile has decided to do nothing with Trumpcare?
You will explode
and by PEOPLE do you mean the WEALTHY people. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #Trumpcare #InvestigateTrump #TrumpTaxReturns
you will use the need to fund ACA as a way to guilt the Dems into raising the debt ceiling. We see you, sucka.
ACA will not "explode". That's not how these things work. Why don't you work on lowering the costs of actual healthcare?
OK. You keep saying this and your plan was trash. Are the 24 million people who would have LOST their insurance people to you?
I mean this sincerely. Yes, there are things that need to be fixed with the ACA. But why can't you spend time HONESTLY assessing that?
Why is that you and the GOP are more preoccupied with shouting hyperbole and red herrings than ACTUAL governing. Give us something better.
If you ACTUALLY came up with a real plan that improved the situation, I'd give you credit, but you shout empty promises. Put up or shut up.
@MonsterMarcia @realDonaldTrump
Does anyone know why this wasn't the end of it? #resist 

@mzkimi @KellyScaletta @MonsterMarcia
@ReasonAwareness @mzkimi @KellyScaletta @MonsterMarcia Yeah, too bad this one got missed too
both parties failed us if GOP don't get on board and help solve prob will pay price next election . I'm fed up !
UNFORTUNATELY, SOME HAVE TO SEE IT IMPLODE BEFORE THEY ARE WILLING TO BE THE SOLUTION RATHER THAN THE PROBLEM
and we pay price either GOP helps solve problems or pay price fed us w this bs .
HEALTHCARE. TO ME, THAT WORKS! THEY'LL UNDERSTAND OUR PAIN
just tired of it we didn't elect their agenda .were elected to pass trumps agenda . Mccain is scum
AGREED.
bush wars that never end Afghanistan, Iraq a waste those ppl aren't gonna change let Russia have Middle et
IT'S BEING HANDLED SWIFTLY WITH GENERAL MATIS! PRES TRUMP HAS PUT IN PLACE THOSE WHO'VE PLEDGED SAFETY FIRST USA
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not wo...
Hard not to...as long as we can
We the people do worry... because the FAKE PRESIDENT is in the house.
When ever you say FAKE NEWS what you are really saying is FAKE PRESIDENT.
No person in any hate group is good.  Hate is not good.  Unless it is the hate of the FAKE president currently in office.
BREAKING NEWS: Fake president gives fake history, fake news. Impeachment coming soon.
How can we trust ANYTHING that you say when you LIE ALL THE DAMN TIME?
Protector of the realm one on people smiles on your brother everybody get together right now

Explode and crap flying everywhere
I voted for you, and frankly, I should have voted for Clinton. You lied to everyone, continue to lie.
Better late than never!  A lot of fools believe his lies or don't care if he lies! Pls vote Dem in 2018 & help us stop him!
how should I cross the border
You must stop listening to Pence Ryan and the fucktards of the Freedom caucus
seems like a generic republican administration to me
And thats the problem... @realDonaldTrump  ran as anything but the typical Ayn Rand Republican ..and then subcontracted it all to assholes
sure seems that way. I much prefer trump to pence
Much rather have @realDonaldTrump get back to the pro worker agenda. And subcontract 2 Pence  foreign policy/immigration. Not what weve seen
hahahahahahahahaha
You are a cruel and vengeful man. You want to see it fail, hurt people to get even. Have you no shame?
yes, but you should make it work anyway. Your kind of good at that.
All members of congress should be covered by the same medical coverage as all americans.  Dont they work for us?
did u know there is a higher power at work and youre clearly not on the right side?
only thing I'm worried about is you! Please resign behind you destroy our country
Single payer like the rest of the civilized world.
By trying to dismantle everything he did to erase his legacy is only bringing your ratings down.
I dropped Obamacare when co$t hit 22% of gross income. Single working dad w/ 3 girls don't want to live in car. Hard choice
I have been worrying since you were elected!!!!!
#healthcare #gop had 8 years to pull up a bill #fail
LOL BUFFOONERY! LIAR! #FIXACA
I hope that it is quick. Prices are hurting middle class, and even higher for people with no jobs, or one working person that is married.
True America has your back mr. Trump we trust in you
republicans couldn't do or come up with anything all this time. Go to Bernie for help.  Your plan was a tax cut for rich.
"Do not worry."  Is that what you told TrumpU students when they voiced concern about giving you their life savings?
you are not trying to do well. you are only pushing your needs . you are supposed to listen more and not push others to bend to your agenda
you keep missing your own deadlines
Cut all subsidies to the free loader states, insurers and hospitals, etc across the board !!!
stop the sabotage & do ur job
stop employing your family members it's against our constitution!
LOSER! Apparently your small hands can't write good legislation. #Impeach45 #Obamacare #SizeMatters #notmypresident
Please, just make changes to what we have. Put Americans first for a change. Please!!!
" An American Horror Story ", starring Donald J. Trump, with Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner. Showing at the White House NOW
Trump Care 2k17
Thank you!
.@realDonaldTrump Sick that you are taking delight in the downfall. Sick. Very bad.
when you say explode... do you mean is gonna get bigger and bigger like more people will get coverage??
YOU ARE FULL OF --IT!
you're one continuous disaster and a joke of a man.
Your JOB is to faithfully carry out the laws of the US, not to undermine them. 
Do you have any idea of what that oath was?
How about single payer and the same healthcare plan Congress has?
Trump I think he know that it cost twice as much for healthcare in America than other countries ...
a reason I support you is The Independents you have from lobbyists. They are the ones to blame for this ... fire them !!!
if ur administration had something worth replacing Obamacare with we wouldn't be having this conversation.
meanwhile any drs that haven't retired (3/5 of mine have) have been forced into big conglomerates & ppl r losing big $
u couldve said "get and piece together" to cut down on your character count and enhance your tweet fluidity.
Ur smart Man @realDonaldTrump! Stop Greedy Ins. Cos from hvg ALL CONTROL! They shld hv to offer in ALL 50 states NOT drop bc claim increase!
how?
And in the meantime, those of you whose premiums have skyrocketed, you may want to get a third job.
Just get rid of it.  I'm tired of paying a tax on not having insurance.   Choices choices choices
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump It will explode because YOU will deliberately sabotage it, liar.
wouldn't it make more sense to fix it before it explodes?
Even liberals knew ACA would need improvements and adjustments along the way. Why didn't Repubs address its problems?
How'ed that go for you? You failed people are already not agreeing with you
Do you finally get it. You are the patriot party. No loyalty to the other 2 communist parties. Use your gut. Drain swamp!
Don't worry??? You don't have a clue about health care
The government isn't responsible for health care. Let the states handle it. Go on TV and tell people that you think it best
I'M NOT WORRIED AT ALL!!!!  PEOPLE SHOULD BE PAYING FOR THEIR OWN INS ANYWAY!!!  THAT'S MY OPENION......
you want #ACA to fail instead of fixing what needs to be fixed?? We want #socalled president #impeached
now that sounds familiar huh!!! should have ask dems to begin with. but u came out look like the novice u are. lol!!!
with or without all the INSANE tax benefits for the rich?
Let Obama Care fail. Take the government out of it & go back to private sector. Give insurance companies time to come up w/
to come up with cafe options. Give the 26M a 5 year plan to get weened off OHC. The government doesn't belong in insurance
Like the last proposal to leave millions without healthcare & removed coverage for most essential healthcare servives.
Don't LIE. YOU were ASKED if you knew millions of people would lose coverage with your new plan. YOU answered I KNOW.
AMATEUR
I AM WORRIED.  YOU HAVE LITERALLY NO IDEA WHAT YOU ARE DOING.
AssOTUS handle Health Care the same way he handled Trump U & all his other failed businesses: With Great Incompetence...

So basically you're going to let it fall apart and let people suffer as payback for not doing your job and just fixing ACA?
: He,didn't create the cluster f. Democrats did. It needs repealing.
"Do not worry!" Watch DT and NOT worry? How? Everything about him and what he does is worrisome. Good Lord above!
The libs trolls out in force
You are such a joke. Why not fix the ACA if you know where the issues are instead of waiting for an explosion.  Child!
let it implode. Best thing. Insurance companies involved in all of this for profit. Let them compete for business then.
What a whopper!  Tell me another one.  You have no clue how to piece together a great healthcare plan.
.@realDonaldTrump-having coverage across state lines. Parties also agree in other areas Such starts from either side. So, w your leadership?
Why do u cut very imp med research funds w/NIH? What will happen to projects like one highlighted at ur Address BAD!
I'm worried for you, people are turned against you, now....just repeal
sure it will. LMFAO
So, you're just gonna let "obamacare" fail by not funding it? Killing MILLIONS of US citizens? Yup, you're for the people.
Please meet with @aaronecarroll on #healthcare - politicians are #CLUELESS .
nah - program is way better than anything you and you alone could fix
I am not remotely worried about ObamaCare or foretelling the future because I am not a prophet. You think you are! Scary...
I'll stop worrying when the next election comes around. 
yea
During the campaign you said YOU had a plan. Where is it? Ask the dems to craft legislature that will fix the problems.
Right after that crack team of investigators you said you had in Hawaii proves that Obama wasn't born there.
we are worried
@1948Flatfender Take a look at Cruz bill and Rands bill.a serious look
By "THE PEOPLE", you mean those people that profit from insurance premiums paid in for which  no services were provided. Right? #notrumpcare
Yes, I know both side's will come together and make it work. Know people will feel the real effects of Obama care.
single payer , no pay no play , ONE huge pool , cut pork fraud waste , affordable , no loopholes , partly tax subsidized
pahahahahaha

NO PARTISAN VOICES! WE CAN DO IT TOGETHER/ AMERICA SCREWED/ 4 / 16 YEARS! NOW IS TIME! GET 'ER  DONE
I worry more every day you are in office. God save us from evil liars.
watch 4 traitors Ryan is a joke Louis Gomer Ron desantis etc read bill stacked  4 rich not people 55 to 64 would be screwed
Dems OWN Obamacare death of DNC. We might actually get rid of @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer #goofywarren. Benefits of collapse
Get rid of 5 0f the 15 onerous mandates and Freedom caucus will back the bill.
We can't wait! We're not billionaires. REPEAL & REPLACE IMMEDIATELY! #KeepYourPromise #MAGA #healthcare #Obamacare
We don't want a replacement. Repeal it, subsidize the disadvantaged & let the free market work. No socialized medicine.
Healthcare is a core emergency service, it does not respond to market forces.
Are you telling me insurance companies won't compete for your business in the form of reduced rates?
Yes. Their business operates on a fundamental conflict of interest. Its in the companies interest to take in
You can't have massive tax breaks and premium healthcare as part of a government program. Healthcare costs money.
Which will explode first, the ACA, or you presidency? I'm betting on the latter.
I worry more about a GOP who couldn't get this done having the Oval Office, Senate and Congress..Total BS..
Not too worried. About Obamacare exploding that is. You & your cronies putting together healthcare for the rich worries me.
It was TrumpCare that failed. Only way to stop ObamaCare is single payer. You'd win bigly with that! Millions on ur side!
