Senate and congress should have same healthcare as the people, they are supposed to live by the laws they pass. Ag gave Lerner a pass !? 
Nicely done, Mr. President! I agree! Happy New Year!!!
Happy with President Trump United Nations speech about North Korea? RT for accuracy
Eat FECES @realDonaldTrump!
Us Jewish people hate you too
Looks like you're straining.
David Duke is gonna be mad Donnie. #ImpeachTrump #RacistInChief
#LockUpMueller Trump right AGAIN 
Why #lockupmueller?  What's he illegally done?
U dont care about Jewish ppl!!
Yeah that's why he's wishing them a happy New Year. Makes sense.
Love 
You are such a hypocrite. And the enemy of the people #trumpIsPublicEnemy

Are these the same families that David Duke condemns?
As a Jew I don't accept this tweet.
Instead of tweeting stuff why don't you take action? Take action against the KKK and everybody who is against the Jews?
Apparently you're not only against the Jews but you're also against people with cancer.
And what about your good friend Bannon ?
President Trump is STANDING with the Jewish State! For Jews, the left's abhorrent contempt for Israel and Jews is a DEAL BREAKER! #MAGA
Oh, and by the way dems, OBAMA said he could "Destroy North Korea"! Read it and weep! http://offendedamerica.com/watch-obama-says-destroy-north-korea-2016-interview/ …
President Trump stands alongside Israel and Jewish people with more strength and commitment than any US President in History
FACT: Religious Jews overwhelmingly vote republican and overwhelmingly support President Trump
This is what President Trump tells all of the haters!
President Trump is Making America Great Again! If you're sick of winning, you'd better leave because WE are going to KEEP WINNING! #MAGA
Winning what?

#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
You're the best Mr. President
But what about Puerto Rico????
Could you also hire fewer literal Nazis in the future?
#Moron
As a Jewish American how can I be blessed with a Nazi in the White House?
God bless you and your love for God and country! Your support of Israel is wonderful and encouraging! #OneForIsrael
From a white supremacist Nazi sympathizer.  Cool story.
Stop giving cover to Nazis in your party !!

Oh please. You aren’t even Jewish
Omg Just imagine @SenSanders Being the @POTUS  I Thank God Everyday For DJT bc He's For We The People 
Meme bot
since it is #RoshHashanah can you ask God for forgiveness for all the sins you committed in the past year?
How about just asking the world?
Thanks, sir! Islamic new year is in a couple days, looking forward to your message for Muslim Americans. 
We dont give a fuck about islam. Sorry.
That's rich. Considering you're Hitler 2.0
But is still okie doke if the white supremists hate them an claim they run all ov world, right?
Publicly extend blessings to all, stab in back privately. Your wow factor is stinks.
Says the guy people compare to Hitler. What an insult.
We love you so much!
What a beautiful message, thank you President Trump 
Hey @Greekgodx sucks
You criticize Trump, but the election was legitimate, you do not deserve a president like Trump, you deserve George Soros.
What how did he criticize trump?

"I like the Jews, but I also support those guys who say the Jews will not replace us!"
Do you mean those guy's wearing swastika's, that go by the title of "Nazi's",that were shouting"The Jews will not replace us"? Support them?
Many Blessings?!
Don't you mean: JEWS WILL NOT REPLACE US?!
When you wish Jews a HappyNewYear on behalf of "all Americans"
you insinuate that Jewish citizens aren't Americans
THINK about it.
Funny. I don't remember a post wishing Muslim families a blessed Eid al-Adha.  Guess you forgot.
Potus, while Jeff Sessions is an honorable man, he does not have the drive to be AG. Need Rudy or Chris Christie, somebody with a spine.
Like you really mean it. A little late Donnie John.
thank you @POTUS  same to you and your family
You're a Nazi.
L'Shana Tova and in this new year let's hope a mitzvah happens n Trump is no longer president. Buy an island and go live there or something.
Words mean nothing when you endorsed kkk and nazis, who even spoke against @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner - YOUR OWN FAMILY! . #WeSeeYou
Not all.....you will never speak for me.
Your face turns very red when you are lying, forced into saying nice things and when you are shaking hands with Russians.
Toda raba Mr. President anachnu ohavim otkha, L'shana Tova אנחנו אוהבים אותך Thank you Mr. President We love you, to a good year. Shalom....
Have you no shame? How can you wish Jewish people a good new year and also say some neo-Nazis are good people? Hypocrite.
Well, except maybe the Americans that marched on Charlottesville that you think are fine people.  But, yeah, all the other ones.

... you agree with them 100 cent percent. Who cares about the fact Ivanka is a converted Jew. You'd still love her no matter what.
#racisttrump #MAGA #impeachtrumppence #33percent #LIES #SAD #impeachtrumppence #trumpfraud #trumpcarefail #LOCKHIMUP #LIES #trumpcarefail

FAKE NEWS
Genesis 12:3...I will bless them that bless thee
#ManySides
More GARBAGE from #LiarInChief #RocketMouth #WhiteSupremacistSupreme
Why Does Donald Trump Keep Dissing Jews?

FU! #trumprussiainvestigation
What happened to your face?
Empty words.
I thought you supported the guys who were chanting "Jews will not replace us." #DementedDonnie
Bob Mueller will provide the biggest blessing! Believe me!
Keep it. No one wants your curseblessing
@maddow @jules_su Kindly let us know if u will be putting a travel ban on NAMBIA?
Jews will not Replaced us? good people on both sides? Orange Fuhrer?
Self confessed pussy grabbing con man you need to come clean and show your tax returns, pay money promised to veterans & hurricane victims.
((((Trump))))
Wow. You aren't a very good Nazi.. It's almost as if that's a bogus charge made up by the left....
President Trump ignores 1.5 billion muslims to congratulate 15 million Jews on a very special occasion where both new years coincide.
Start w/ saying it was a mistake to call people chanting "Jews will not replace us"     "Very fine people."
how can a goy express wishes "on behalf of all americans" 
Racist ignorant man
#FakeEmpathy #fakechristian #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #NAZI #LOSERINCHIEF #Liar #TrumpsAPsychopath #TRAITOR #TrumpRussia #Impeach45
Whoever is coaching this numbskull should be fired- how freaking PHONY ... We? Really?
Is it just me or does he look like he is in the middle of a shit every time he speaks? Furrowed brow, squinty eyes, red face...
The same Jews persecuting the innocent Palestinians. Israel need to be wiped off the map. Those Jewish sewer rats needs exterminating!!
You’re calling for an ethnic cleansing of Jews. Why are you so hateful?
But Nazis are good people?
No you don't. Our first pro-Nazi, white supremacist "president". Your presidential legacy will destroy the Trump family name, thank god.
I'd love to see Trump do this for Hijiri New Year.
Why do you hold your mouth like that when you speak.
Jewish ppl want nothing to do with you. #Fascist #Nazi
The blessing of seeing your impeachment would make my year sweetest!
Share:)
Nice
Does POTUS knows that Jewish people ARE Americans?

[On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Christian families a Merry Xmas]

Shut up.  Leave us out of your ugly mouth. #bigot #racist #antisemite #NotMyPresident
What about the new islamic hijri year?! Any word to the moslem world?!
لأول مره من ٢٠ عام البيت الأبيض يلغي افطار  للمسلمين، و هذه عادة برتوكولية أن يختار الرئيس يوم في رمضان و يدعوا بعض المسلمين للإفطار
ليش ... ما اعتقد مسؤولينا يحتفلون بعيد الفصح كمناسبة ومشاركة معهم... عامل كما تريد ان تعامل
صحيح كلامك انا معجب في شخصية ترامب ، و يعامل العالم الاسلامي حسب منطقهم
Look at his squinting eyes, they are the same eyes he had when reading the Afghanistan speech off the Prompt! Not his words or sentiments!
as Irish bllöcks.. hate u too.. Jew..
<löng live the Jewish nation>
Donny, your white supremacist friends are not going to like this. Are you trying to play both sides?
Why do you look mad at us?
Lip service that's all this is. Some one told you, that you had an obligation to say something
You want to b Obama don't you? You are truly a hypocrite you just defended that racist march in #charolettesville
Mr. Donald Trump you are the greatest
Excellent speech Mr. President
The best blessing wld be #FullRepeal  of obamacare. #herpesobamacare is just as irritating as #HerpesHillary
All of this tribal fighting among Americans begs to ask the question - Have you considered asking why someone has a different opinion?
you only care about russia so quit trying to convince us you care about our country donnie
What about these "fine people" you refuse to unequivocally denounce? What was their chant? Oh yeah -"Jews will not replace us"
Peace 
Yesterday was the Muslim new year.. Just saying
god bless everyone
And Christians!!! Those who follow Jesus recognize and celebrate all Biblical festivals commanded by God.
And a Happy Impeachment back at ya
Yet you openly support Nazis?

@realDonaldTrump really means:

"I wish #Jews a happy #RoshHashanah while I support anti-Semitic #NeoNazis."

…
I love my President.

How about ITunes and amazon?
:)
Yes....You are ALL ABOUT anything other than white, businessmen.  We see it, proof in the pudding! @cnn @msnbc

What about America 1st? Oh thats right you have Jared & Iskanka in the WH. Bad Boy, whata ya gonna do when Muelller comes for you
I'm confused don't you stand with white supremacist?
While some people just say "Down with US" you wish the others good things?!
Great job,you are definitely one of the best men I know!
Muslims are militant when attacked, but today Buddhists are not called militants
But also supporting white supremacist who threaten to burn down their places of worship. Hypocrisy at its finest
Shana Tova
WTF ?
U didn't wish Muslims anything on Ramadan. Why? Alot of Muslims voted for u 2.
@Stilllearin I'm with you Mr. president. God bless ISRAEL.
Why do you always look so angry?

But Trumpie the Clown... you're a Nazi! Makes no sense. Not Funny! Lol!
Hello trump!!!
Except for the part where you endorse Neo-Nazis, right? In those speeches the Jews are a bit forgotten?
Keep them to yourself. I don't want them.

If you believe what you say, denounce white supremacy.
overheard phone call Wednesday, Lindsey Graham leaned on a fellow senator to back his GOP health care bill despite "all its imperfections."


May those blessings include the assurance of good health and  full access to equitable healthcare.
As a Jew, I don't need your blessings. I prefer to take mine from non neo-nazi racist entitled narcissistic people.  Nice try though bud.
L'Shonah Tovah Mr. President. Thank you for being a good friend to #Jewish people. Stay tough on #Iran. Ignore the #leftist hate towards you
On many sides
And on behalf of all Jews we do not accept.
Biggest blessing: you are gone. 2nd biggest: you release your tax returns
Mr. President .. what about ur wishes to moslems on new hijri year occation ?
Amen
so explain to me the color of your skin. I don't get it.
Hyppocrit

Netanyahu is a murderous war criminal—like Putin & Assad.
Sure you do, (Hide your copy of Mein Kampf)
Remember Trump's words "Fine people" talking about the racist and bigoted men in the WhSuprem torch march in CharlottesVille #TrumpInjustice
Absolutely!!
トランプ大統領の『肉声』だヾ(≧∇≦)d♪
一人一人に語りかけるような口調←
慎重に言葉を選んで話してる←
意味がよくわからなくても(笑)←ケンさま(●´ω｀●)ね
トランプ大統領が、一人一人のアメリカ国民に よくわかるように話してるのがわかるw
UGH! Did @IvankaTrump force you to do this?
Well done, Mr. Prez!  Please send it to all those who call you a Nazi. If my history is correct, it's not a msg that you'd hear from a Nazi!
