Common people know you're a fool. I can't imagine you know anything about military strategy.  "Y[our]" Genrals must know you're a buffoon.

Are these the same military leaders you ignored and didn't inform before your recent threats to North Korea?
Americans don't bring in the heroin/meth theyre adult kids r addicted to Get the illegals out
What was YOUR contribution to the meetings? A bucket of KFC or some leftover Trump Steaks?
Those calling the kettle black are usually the culprit trump
Thank you for protecting us and telling the truth about all. Something we haven't had in a long time. Too many corrupt politicians n past!
There are poll showing if the election was held again today president Trump would beat Clinton. He's already done so many wonderful things
Pence 4 president,  he has heart n it comes naturally. U need 2 step down if you want things to get done.  U don't know how to govern.
It must have a golf course for the lazy president
Thank you for being a real mans man God Bless You President Trump and family our Nation Really Good Our beautiful country and all the blessed people Thank you for doing your elected position real job showing and telling the truth just like a real man
You're about to announce some remarkably bad plan, aren't you?  I'd expect no better.
And one horrendous picture. 
We need you trump
I'm sure you got important shit done.....NOT!!
Quit
Fire McMaster, please.  Signed everyone who voted for you.  We're waiting.  Done it yet? Ok, tomorrow will work.  Thanks
Hollywood walk of shame. https://twitter.com/TeeCee_85/status/899248164892495873/photo/1pic.twitter.com/qoXDbl2kot 
I hope it was a decision to leave Afghanistan
WE HOPE that does not mean more war !! and WAR for years to come, as we are sure they have lured you into believing is best...we shall see
Resign! Make our country great again! #giveup #NaziTrump
You should go there and run for president its your kind of town open up a trump tower there
It's tragic that we are led by a severely-deficient President; unaware, and incapable of daily embarrassment and shame he visits on us all!
That is frightening. You and your children go to Afghanistan to fight first and let us know how it goes.
MAGA send Twitler to Afghanistan
How remarkable, just read that your generals criticize you openly.

Great Job of Leyy keeping Prince out of that meeting
phuku u piece of schite swindling traitor. now you're gonna line your pockets with war chest? common #grifter
@POTUS did any #Admirals ever drive a boat B4 ? A big bastard? 500 feet long or longer? Just asking? Any Pentagon Admirals been on a boat?
Reall? What was your score? For how many holes?
This is not the kind of news the world wants to hear. Any chance you could go and play golf while everyone else makes decisions?
What ever happened to your lie that you had a plan to defeat ISIS. Are your pants on fire yet.
We don't want to b in this war anymore . Going in 17 years no change . Enough of our men dying and money . Let them help themselves!
Agree
WHAT ??? They didn't lock you up 
#IStandWithTrump
No more to troops sent to Afghanistan. Bring all our soliders home.
Que tu hace ?
Will you listen to your generals and do what's best for WHOLE country-even beyond 2018 midterms-or just play to your base, as usual??
RT @realDonaldTrump All of these RINOs/DEMs are TOXIC: Flake, McCain, Graham, Rubio, Corker, McConnell, Ryan, Portman, Romney, Collins, etc.

This is Bob... 
Its time to pull out of Afghan, Iraq these political correctness conflicts are devastating our economy ,US military lesson learned Vietnam
But they can't navigate our ships. Tell me how talented they are again
Use force, finish the job & pull out. Then move on to North Korea, Iran & any other Country that wants to question us! Continue w/your plan!
Oh, so now they're "our generals"?
Still have your eye on the prize for the trillion dollars and minerals that Afghanistan has so you commit false Flags to get what you want
Why all the Generals? Thought you knew MORE than them! You should decide all on your own Numb_Nuts! Better yet, fight the war ALONE! YEAAAA
I hope and pray that you will take us out of the ME. No one has ever won a war in Afghanistan.
Don't go blabbing about this now. Keep it a secret. Don't want to be stupid like all those other incompetent leaders. Shhh.
Good Job president Trump.Hang in there because Many,Many of us are still with you.
Get Out it is Bush's Vietnam folly
*martyred*
You should probably stop broadcasting where you are all the time when you have pissed North Korea off so bad! @realDonaldTrump ...
Too bad you were there! Those who voted you were so wrong- wrong choice!
Too many, that's certain.
Who was making the decisions? It certainly wasn't you.
You are going to give $10 billion to your freind for mercenaries?
I hope the intervention went well and the Generals got you into a kick stupidity & prejudice 12-step program.
Instead of using "talented " how about intelligence. You clown  like they are doing flips.
TRUE LEADERS BOTH POLITICAL AND MILITARY. God bless and keep all safe
WHAT on EARTH are you up to now? Why don't you give us ALL a break from your insanity & stay off Twitter for just ONE DAY?
Yah right!
: If sending troops only to train and instruct on weapon systems.
Like football, send in the team, coaches win or lose..don't play.
Afghanistan and your father have loads in common: both should have pulled out!
Dear President, I propose to organise the request of UNSC or GA to the International Court to give the advisory opinion on Durand Line.
I bet our military leaders have had enough of you as well. Do them and the American people a favor and resign.
And did u understand what they had to say? Doubt it. Have no understanding of problems or culture & u don't have attention span to do so.
Hey dt do you know a president has never committed suicide just a thought
Can you please stop mentioning your meetings. It's putting US, yes, us military members in danger. Thanks Commander in Chief. 
So sorry for Dems Public ignorance. YOU ARE A REAL PRESIDENT AND LEADER. YOU GETER DONE. 
You're pulling us out of Afghanistan, like you've said for years, right?
How many threatened to quit if you don't? #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrumpNow #JustGoHomeDonny #ReallyWeMeanItJustGoHome #Now
Is this the plan that you promised to unveil within 30 days of taking office? You're a LOSER!
Looking forward to the decisions.
Please let someone else give the strategy speech tomorrow night cause your 3rd grade reading is embarrassing!!
Sick Demonic Liberals voted 4 & supported an USURPER. A traitor. Patriots had 2 put up with it for 8 yrs. U act like evil fools. Get a grip.
... what, privatize AGAIN so you & your cronies make big $$ at tax payers' expense?  Shouldn't even be there.  Epic FAIL!   (2/2


Kiss the generals you love your military toys
Let's all remember how Comrade Bone Spurs insulted our Generals & military....
Who wrote this tweet 4 u? U can't spell! Afghanistan is a big word. Who wrote this?
Wow in glad my military service is done.I could not have served my country as I did with pride,dignity and respect with a COWARD as

When you were campaigning you said you knew more than the Generals. Is that still the case?
do you have ANYTHING substantial to say to us???????  you are so full of obfuscation it isn't funny :-(
Bring back your guys at home, you have to fix many things in your country

Why don't you get something done and stop tweeting... did I mention you SUCK!!!
Proverbs 11:14 listen to your advisers, and take their advice.  Don't destroy our country by speaking before thinking.
Its amazing how you spend so much time on Twitter but don't respond to anyone's replys.   You are a coward and will be gone soon. Thank God.
You are the greatest
#TrumpResign
Don't give in to globalist scum. Be smart and do the right thing
Right on! POTUS. Don't be deterred by the Rent-a-mobsters financed and fielded by Soros and the Dem Party.
I was not there because $ 13.6 billion was not paid back yet. But It will be a counterpart...
Decided on what to have for lunch, I assume. Those are tough ones that only the Liar in Chief could handle. Oh, and the TV remote i am sure.

you are ineffective and irrelevant.
sir i have prowde of  you my american sitizen
Have you added a Grand Cyclops & a Gruppenfuhrer to your Chiefs of Staff yet?
Hindus have become refugees in their own Country, Hindus do no know violence they pease loving community.  Muslims ferocous
Did you meet at Camp David because it looked more presidential than playing golf with the military leaders? Is Camp David a dump?
There's a golf course at Camp David?
Are they gonna lock up your entire family? You first, then Jared and your Daughter, then Don Jr, and Eric. Can't wait.
LOL @ "talented Generals". This isn't a reality show, you dopehead 
You are such a tweet!
Thank You for strateegizing with your Generals & Advisors! We appreciate your tough decisions to protect Americans globally. America Strong!

Great news!
What about rebuilding America first? I could care less about Afghanistan , waste of money and effort

Dear Lord Clueless, they are trying to keep you mildly informed so that you don't put the US in danger.
Please don't start ww3
Why do not you press corrupt governments in Asia like Pakistan, China, Myanmar and others to give rights to oppressed peoples?
Obama pardoned drug dealers who kill our young people. Go Trump!
Got your orders from your Zionist Oligarchs? More war eh? Mr U-Turn TRAITOR!
@bab_tinkerbell Looking 4ward 2 watching AZ rally on TV! Roar Well my President!
The photo of you and your cronies look like a white only men club.
Discussing your impeachment?  Hope so!

I pray if you are going to get us in another war your family members go first into battle!!!!
Who cares!!!
Release your tax returns.
Let's take out North Korea now before they get any more missles and Iran at the same time ....

You DID decide to resign and hire a shrink? Melania divorcing you, people leaving the administration, shunning your resorts. #lame-duck
Leave !!!!

What happened to "America First"? Surrounding urself w those warmongers isn't what 62 million voters wanted. Curious about topic a rally Thu
When is one going to be made regarding soros clinton and obama? Clear enemy's of our republic! Time to make America America again! Act now!
Mr President take a look at the idea Terry Schappert has for homeland security
YOUR NOW ON NOTICE! For KEEPING US IN A WAR BASED ON A LIE. THAT KILLED INNOCENT AMERICANS!   9-11 WAS A CIA DEEPSTATE PLAN! WTF TRUMP??!!??
More people at Camp David this weekend than went to the inauguration. #popular vote
@potus trying to distract from #Charolettesville and #TrumpRussia and the rest of his disastrous presidency. We will #Resist not distracted!
Like what? Appease #Putin? Ignore #Assad? Cower away from #KimJongUn? Abandon #Europe/#NATO if they need your help? Even weaker than #Obama!
Thank you Mr. President for all you do.
Thanks for the job creation, health care solutions for our vets & for keeping you our word.#MAGA
Ahh, another deflection to take our eyes off Russia, internal violence, etc. Afghanistan? Seriously?
A good decision would be to 
#FireMcMaster
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence APPEASEMENT is a strategy of FAILURE. We didn't ELECT you to APPEASE DemocRats, RINOs, Globalists, & Enemies
I am a proud navy Dad, I'm ashamed my daughter's Commander-in-Chief is a white supremacist
Our nation deserves an elected leader who will do more than have lunch with troops and then delegate key decisions on war to the Pentagon.
Would he even deign to have a typical military lunch with an enlisted man?
He goes out of his way to speak to the military haven't you seen it?  Oh wait you watch Fiction News and read Fiction Media. Google it 
Possibly cheering on antifa while watching their fake news
The same fake news like the NYT your leader runs to every time the subject of Russia comes up & he gets scared?
Oh, please.
R u American?
Why do you ask?
Are these the Lefty Obama Zombies that put women in combat, destroyed Don't Ask, & revolted over Trannys & Charlottesville? @BreitbartNews
We will never forget your racist attitude.   We are not stupid
Wanker
Massive distraction from a traitor. Send your boys.
The key to leadership is decentralization, let the experts do their jobs.  Keep up the great work!
Idiot
Yep. And you where playing in the backyard while the smart guys were working.
Hitler's Leadership style. Military Meddler,did not trust his Generals,Relied on His Own Instinct, Stubborn. http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/worldwars/wwtwo/hitler_commander_01.shtml …
Resign. You're impotent.

Well they had a good day. What did you do? Putt around the yard?  Pass the pasta
Mr president,Afghan problem will not be solved by military means,you have to do some compromises with Taliban,Russia,Iran and Pakistan...
A surge in Afghanistan means more bloodshed for that country,please Mr president,don't fall for mindless generals and neocons
Very talented? What...have they been serenading you, or maybe tap dancing? No wait, I forgot, that's your specialty.
Just keep the country safe dt thats what matters
