how can I get 100 dollar a month healthcare by working for a grocery store but have to pay 500 a month as a healthy 62 year old ready to  retire?
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on realit...

By the way you're the biggest liar we've ever head you can't remember what you say at 10 o'clock by 10:05 it's changed..your fired
How sad is when Darth cheeto "Trumplaining" you and he is 100% correct? #tremendously #Sad #lemmejusttellyou.
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Trump We inform you of the popular crowd and of Iran entering Tal Afar dressed in army and police
Dems are morally, ethically and intellectually bankrupt...
in Jesus Christ name, AMEN. God bless you and the United States of America. #MAGA
for that is how you know that you are God's. May the Holy Spirit guide your heart, mind, soul, and actions...
that. The darkness of lies will be exposed by the light of the truth. Do not anger or fear when evil attacks all day...
could have been a role model like you. If you keep God first, then country will come naturally, and I know you are doing..
Sir, a man is judged by the fruit of his labor. Look to your children and know that you are doing right. I wish my dad...
lol..The Suzdaltsev brainless Trump Troll is in the house!!! 
Start with these, WE ARE WITH YOU!!!
Problem "Children"...
Know your Enemies..
Know your Enemies...

@wendyvoss
We no longer believe them. They always try to change narrative from their illegality to something else.
Reality... Do you even know what that is, you delusional nut? And no, I'm not talking about a tv show!
Um, the Dems aren't the ones who have lost touch with reality. You are.
the only person that has lost their grip on reality is you , really I'm really not sure you ever had a grip on reality!
This is great! I agree and as long as you do what you said,  you have no worries. Please no allegations on Twitter.
also ignore what the left say and do. It shows that you are a better person.
You know nothing of reality. It is not a television show #fakepresident
they can't handle losing that's why their constantly whining like brats on your statuses!! They need a better life !!
I preferred #DonaldTrump
not sure what you are trying to say. Please be clear
The election was lost because of your ties with your puppet master Putin. You LOST popular vote bigly- yuge!
True Americans Patriots Voted you in! Even though were Republicans, there are a few NOT on OUR SIDE! Ryan, McConnell, More.
they could have come up with a vertical garden,  a million lb of  food an acre,  it should be done in America too.
I agree to cutting funding  aid to foreign countries,  they had years to come up with a solution.
No way am I Ryan's cheerleader! I want Rand Paul's plan!
How can anyone live a happy life with so much hate in there soul
Mr president Trump...must you talk about everything ?
I support u Mr President there is a lot of fake media out there
America lost the election, Thanks to your conning of a bunch of ignorant gullibles. How low can you go?
u r correct u have 2 get ur words out bc FEM media (fake evil media) & the crazies keep attacking u. Respect factor gone.
don't show  any tax documents.  Former presidents/citizens r not forced 2 do this. They need 2 stop the attacks on u.
&
you wouldn't recognize reality if it walked up and introduced itself
@dudleyglenda19 # They didn't loose the election God allowed you to be there so the people can see the racism.
Reality isn't something we have a grip on right now, as you are changing the fabric of America. History books will lament
We only care that you won! Any other Republican and we would have been fine.
They aren't even in the realm of reality. They have lost all reason
Dear DELUSIONAL DONALD, I'd say you lost your grip on reality, but you never had it. #notmydictator #boyking
I never realized just how bad the gov. was until now! Mr. President thank you again for trying to straighten it all out.
Thank you for actually taking the job as President for the people & not yourself as the dems do.......
you REALLY need to take a nap...or a xanax. You are unworthy of that office.
no one likes you.
we didn't lose the election, we won by popular vote, learn to count
You sir are the epitomy of insane wacko !!!
How can you argue with that ? You can't !  Impossible ! Truly with out any doubt . In front of our eyes to see
You are the one that has lost your grip on reality!!!  Job getting too hard for you donnie????
ME THINKS THE LADY DOTH PROTEST TOO MUCH... YOU SIR ARE A WORD MONGER #FAKENEWS #FAKEPRESIDENT
Since when did the Demos ever have a grip? Maybe Monica Lewinski on Bill Clinton's __? See http://www.spankingfit.com/  Doc G.
You never had a grip on reality. The more you go at it the higher the price you'll pay
The  Dems have no grip on reality.....that could be a Catch 22 for you.
don lift the ban on immigrants
Dilusional, lying 5 yr. old... So shameful and dangerous..
that another lie, old fuckin hack, retire for fuck sake
thats saying from a guy that brings lies and calls it "alternative news".
Reality...are your calling the kettle black?
switch that around then you have it right.
you keep forgetting that she had 2.8 MILLION more votes then he did, who lost their grip on reality? rofl
I'm not forgetting that but you forget that we are a republic and the Electoral College decides the winner
Hillary won the popular votes get over http://it.you  won the electoral but a lot of corruption
wet didn't lose, the American people did when you stepped in the white house
you have never had a grip on reality
Please get help you are a very sick man!
Re Flynn:  LOCK HIM UP...LOCK HIM UP...LOCK HIM UP...LOCK HIM UP...LOCK HIM UP...LOCK HIM UP...LOCK HIM UP...LOCK HIM UP
Your boy Pence lied about what he knew concerning Flynn and when he knew it.  Hangin' round u too much warps ethics.
whose lost their grip on reality? YOU HAVE!! Dear Lord man, get some help!
I hope and pray when they arrest you and put you away for treachion I hope they put you in the cell with big Bubba and he
mare has just begun.Just because you are the president doesn't mean shit to me.Every move you make you are being watched.
You really think firing the 46 Att Generals is going to make Russia case go away oh how wrong you are.Believe me your night
You are WRONG.
Did you know that paranoia and loss of touch with reality is a early indicator of dementia? At your age, it's concerning.
show your tax returns
Sir, honestly. You won. America's Hitler speaks. We get it. Please be your country's president and not a populist.
can we get a confirmation on Mr Trumps matriculation at Wharton- does not seem to live up the the crtical thinking ?
dicriminalize & legalize marijuana to fund schools, roads, bridges, even ur wall! Look at what Colorado is doing
want to make money to help schools, roads, army,  dicriminalize & legalize Marijuana
whos reality urs? More alt facts no thanks. SHOW UR TAXES = NO COLLUSION W USSR.
They lost touch with reality a long time ago
Reality escapes them!!
Nancy Pelosi obviously has dementia.  She can't remember what she did or said when sje pushed Obama Care.
WE the people are the reality, and it is you who are ignoring us.
He hates reporters unless they like him. Trump is a sad, sad clown.  #notmypresident
so about that wire tap. What did you do worng in October to WARRANT a wire tap?
the crazy man always claims its the other person
time to kick all old democrate hold overs out of goverment fire them all. ban the from all future gov positions
god bless rhe united states we finally have a president who cares about America
you know nothing about grip (tiny hands) and reality? Are you kidding me? You are outta your mind crazy!! FRAUD!
delusional.  Sad.
Truth.
Shut the pipeline down unless they use United States steel.
@GOP is climbing to the top of HEALTH CARE mountain all from different sides! See everyone at the SUMMIT to #MAGA 
please do not accept Paul Ryans' replacement.  It is a RINO plan.  Draining the swamp has Ryan included.
Why are feminists advocating for Sharia Law?  That's an oxymoron. & When are father's gonna have their 14th amendment?
u r insane
Your news sources lack any reality & you ignore science including the social sciences
@Beckaanno you are so correct! They're waiting for their unicorns& mermaids to come down & take them away!
Such a pity you never had a grip on reality Mr Fart !
Trump cannot lose his grip on reality because he never had one. He is a fake President, the unPresident.
during your campaign you promised To allow states to choose their own marijuana policy.
LIAR 
you should be ashamed of yourself. Letting down the working class like you do. Don't forget the people who voted for you.
Huntsman to Rissia is scary. Why so many sell out NeoCons surrounding Trump?
where's your reality
You are the one that is losing his grip on reality. You are running the USA, not a reality TV show.
you would definitely be the country's resident expert on losing a grip on reality.  #insanepotus #worstpresidentever
it's so hard for me to believe that you are do dumb. They are going to learn just how smart you are very quickly.
AMEN!  You can't fix "SPECHUL" !
YOU ARE THE ONE WITH NO GRIP ON REALITY!!!
Darlin times up on using that ol line to justify away EVERYTHING. R u picturing urself in an orange jumpsuit yet? I am!
I tweeted the same sediments myself a couple weeks ago
democrats, Hillary, Obama! #lions tigers and bears oh my!
you wouldn't know the truth if it slapped you in your orange face. Communist!
you also need to get rid of bannon he is a bad influence on you, kellyann is nothing but a chicken with blond hair
it is vice versa trump you are the one that is loosing grip on reality, you need to calm down and see what you doing
You need the freedom caucus to get a good health care bill.  It is the old adage if it is good you don't have to sell it.
Encourage Congress to remove the Filibuster to stop all impediments to "Make A,merica Great Again".
after 6 years of Obama care you have to do more than you are offering.  3 phase program.....really???

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
Ive never seen so much EVIL come out of people. The protestors committing treason. Your a very strong man, im following you
This is not u and ur families, personal country to get rich off of. U will be exposed for what u r.
Really? Lmao... You are referring to yourself on the reality check OMG!!
no there dancing in the isles as you destroy the republican party. Mid terms are coming. Dems will regain power
and you're the authority on losing a grip on reality. #dumptrump
Presidents get their intelligence from experts not entertainment news.
take responsibility for your own actions. This is a sign of maturity.
ahhh you forgot so soon . A democratic won the Presidential vote- not electoral college.
do you have dementia? Or you just lost your mind?? #idiot president
#No it would be you that has lost all sense of reality..with the country..thoughts..life..sad man
Can we just act Presidential???
You lost your grip on reality, if you ever had it.
u never had a grip on reality
Yes, they lost thier grip on reality, but so have the Republicans stop playing the party game! INDEPENDENT REVOLUTION!
you are a "TREMENDOUSLY" ( we know how much you LOVE that word) delusional!  
#limitedvocabulary
OMG...REALLY??? U r so far unhinged from reality it is ridiculous!  MOST of AMERICA & the WORLD hate you!
As it says in the Scripture: "If God be with you, who can be against you?" Don't give up President Trump! Praying for you!
Obama thought he would fix the in-coming president, regulation, messes.  Fix him!  Sue him!  Drag him before Congress.
old news
STOP. You need to see a psychiatrist to get meds for your multiple mental health issues. Until then NO MORE TWEETS.
You're the one who needs to get a grip. Everyone is laughing at the stupid stuff you say.
"Lost their grip on reality?"
Pot calling kettle black me thinks!
3 million more people like Hillary more than you! That's the real story.
Wow. Just wow.. If anyone has lost their grip on reality, it's you. I'm not sure you ever had a grip to begin with..
The Dems have lost their grip on reality??? Seriously??? Good God, deflect much???
Mr. Trump, it is understandable that under the stress of lies and manipulation you have had a psychotic break. Hang tight.
Straight Saul Alinsky. Rules for Radicals, #5, ridicule, lie, embarrass, attack, be relentless on your adversary.
nope.  Won by over 3 million and be honest, you really really hate that. Messes hard with your narcissism, doesn't it.
You have over played your hand you are a phony. You rip of the American tax payer to the tune of 1+ million per weekend.
Lock her up ~~Lock her up..
