#CongressionalBaseballGame ...

Too bad you paid someone to write it and you're just reading it. You mean none of that. You being president is just a joke to you
اینقدر توییت نکن کس مغز داری با این کارات میرینی به خودت روان پریشت مریض مو طلا زن سکسی
Thank u @potus #betsyriot #mourinhoout
I
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
f5tgtg gt p l ttvdd gg
.  yaho 
o.
Don't fool becareful and you live alone please don't start THIRD WORLD WAR
George H.W.Bush said it was a nice place W.H.,too frought with nosy types,including Press.
It's hard to believe the sincerity when Dem supporters are celebrating this shooting. It's sick that 1st Amend allows comments of ill intent
USA
Instead of a baseball game winery sedan have talks with the community about how to  save it
Stupid man
h
A Christian murderer shot congress men , this is labeled as christian terrorism
trump .corea dice que no maltrata a los prisioneros .pero que gran daño le causaron a otto.pobre joven..justicia.y no impunidad..
...
What is wrong with your face?  Do you and @KellyannePolls have the same plastic surgeon?
Amen  prayers for the brace police & congressmen 
God bless you, President Trump. Lots of love for you from EVERYONE!

Sorry pres Trump that I have idiots to deal with. Don't give up
#SoCalledPresident who COULDN'T throw #FirstPitch for #MajorLeague #Baseball reads WOODENLY from #Teleprompter 'lets play ball' sad.
Why do you look like you are angry mad and you need to take a mean 
Fantastic.
Red is the new orange on #45?
Don't forget to pray
NICEspeech, now who wrote that for him Great words but whose words were they Paula in the White House now when did you leave Benny's house?
does this perhaps  also  affect  the new chinese naval base in pakistan  n the cold war..with scalise  as  scapegoat???.bhatker
not much to reply too. As footage is askew in twitter. That said you neef to change your modus operandi for USA sake.
WE LOVE YOU, MR. PRESIDENT!  YOU ARE AND WILL CONTINUE TO BE ONE OF THE GREATEST PRESIDENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY!  THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU DO!
Mr Trump could this tragedy been prevented? I am looking to help. Just need you to sign my paperwork and get me rolling.
You with your hate filled speech and actions brought this level of hate to our country. It is ALL on you and your actions.
F-you
All DEMS???  Really!  Hahahaha. Insanity on the Left!
You are gaining too much weight.  Very unhealthy.   BAD!  SAD!
Who wrote that for you.  Maybe hire them for tweets?
Give it up
Why don't I believe you care. You've just finally learned to say the right words.
"We need legislation to turn this around"
This was so fucking weird
My presidente

TRUMP is reading a script. Not very good at it either.
!!
God I love you... I say that for a billion people at least.
How about this awful murder?
My heart is BROKEN. Beautiful 17 year old Nabra beaten to death in Virginia and body found in a pond. I can't take this anymore.  
This is all because of the vicious attacks from Hollywood, Media & far left. They will not change because they want One World Order.
See ya! November!
Total disgrace. Resign and save the country this continued embarrassment.
Great
Quit already
SICK!
Yo face red from all that yelling at comey ?
Absolutely stop the hate and send Donny the memo..
Tu sos maricon
wo! this a  fk
You contributed to the political violence and separation.
Yes
?
I hate your lying voice ,, it is so gross .. how is Putin these days ..
I love your leadership. You were appointed by God! And you and your family are protected by mentoring, guardian and warring Angels! Praying!
But better lawyer up anyway! #CrookedCongress
Blah...blah...blah...fake father day!
AMAZING GRACE UPDATE 
#Great job #Mr. President #Let's Play Ball
The baseball shooting is your fault Donald. The way you acted during the Primary season was sick.
Trump calls for "unity" huh? Just like how he was when he called Dems nothing but "obstructionists"? His OWN party nearly shut down the govt
you are such a Hippocrate you don't give a dam if you did then you would meet with democrats to fix what's wrong with your healthcare bill
This is really nice, Mr. President. Thank you.

hello president DONALD J.TRUMP
Thank u all n god bless
Father's Day is a special time for family and ball playing .But when the games are over & life happens.Thy Will be done !
5

5cooop0pp27nu 5cooop0moulu p p0c00c 0. p0m5 et  ..
n.
DICTATOR!  Nixon had enough sense to resign . Are you 1/2 as smart?
Blah blah blah
Praying
Mr. President, you are not alone. American patriots people are with you. Please, I think Jeanine Pirro should be hired and be in your team.
The Clinton cartel is so powerful the federal government is afraid of them.
Can you please select big boy words and stop speaking like a 3rd-grader, it's very annoying. Barron knows more vocabulary than you do
World's worst public speaker. lol. #sad

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
You're the devil on earth. Look at this.
Did you ever congratulate the winners, Donnie???

When someone who voted 4 the mentally ill to access guns gets shot by the mentally ill it's poetic justice.
Oh my goodness. You have got to be one of the ugliest men I have seen , spiritually & physically.
You desperately need help reading cue cards and teleprompters. So obvious.
Good thing everyone was white AND republican... otherwise I don't see a story.
What real #Leadership looks like @EmmanuelMacron this will NEVER be you #Chump45
French election: Macron on track for massive parliamentary majority as National Front's fortunes fade http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/06/18/french-election-macron-track-massive-parliamentary-majority/?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter … 
THEY VOTED 97-2 TO STOP YOUR DICTATORSHIP, NOW JUST FORM A COALOITION GOVERNMENT, IMPROVE THE ACA NOW!
LMAO!  I BET YOUR ADVISORS JUST BEG YOU TO STIP TWEETING!  LMAO
BYE, BYE PPBOY 45!
Since your election many have been hurt and killed as a result of the hate that you have pushed in our country.
Your the cause of all the hate in the US and this is a direct result of your behavior and actions
Lawyer up snowflake
Nice reading. Who wrote that for you? Glad you stuck to the script & didn't veer off into a crazy rant.
