Hey, I hear you're BIGLY pissed at Jared... Do tell! Maybe a case of self-preservation on his part.
I thought you promised to be working your ass off and not have time for golf and vacations

who cares??
Try to keep your hands to yourself, gramps
And who pissed and moaned when President Obama, our last real president, spent time on the golf course?
Shame they are not lining up to hit your balls....
36th visit to a Trump-branded golf course as president. @USGA
Very exciting crowds today:
Women, Gays & Foreigners. You should be quite popular!
Enjoy!
Who fricken cares
Yeah...sure you will get very excited!! Yuk, what a tweet
I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-s...
well as long as you keep on grifting $$$$ it's all good.
Maybe he can grab you in the......


Keep your hands to yourself.
Enjoy your vacation at a @POTUS owned property, Don. Don't harass the women, and remember that it isn't about you.
#TrumpRussia
Stay away from the WH permanently please'
maybe u can grab some pussy when u r there u twisted freaky felon #jailAWAITSyou #resist #TrumpRussia #uSUCKsoBAD #CRIMINAL
@Rosie , you're a stalker  like a fat gf you break up with but she won't leave you alone.
You can promote your golf course on tax payers dime! Make Trump GREAT Again. Drain Trump's SWAMP of Debt!
#Feminists are not smart.
Carries his own umbrella, unlike Barry, who used our soldiers like servants.
Wow! That's real important, isn't it?
May lightning strike you!
Another excuse to stay at the golf course all weekend. You are such a loser.
Biggest crowds in #USWomensOpen Period. #OPOS
Deadbolt the locker rooms!
So?
#whocares
Are there any Russian players in the field, just so you can root for your home-town folks?
I call it a "grabbing pussy" event, if you know what I mean. they love it when you're president. Wish Melania would stay home.
and again, thank you for focusing on what really matters for this country. #maga


Not as much as OBAMA boy was!
Are you always wrong and devoid of facts in your fantasyland as well?
I'm up 2 date now. U realize business is often conducted on a golf course so Obama was  playing for fun b/c he never got anything done
And Trump's doing what exactly? He's the laziest president EVER
And the award for the most ridiculous tweet of the evening goes to...Tricia Hill. I hear that's not the first time she's won this award! Ha!
So why is Tricia wrong? Other than filling the swamp with billionaires and idiots, what has trump done? Created more conflicts than any pres
Truth!
Keep your tiny hands to yourself, comrade.
Can't you start filling some cabinet vacancies instead? After all, it's your job. You were elected to govern a country not watch/play golf.
Glad you have so much time on your tiny hands.
Yes, there will be a crowd for the US Women's Open, for them - not for you.
RESIGN
Try not to grab any of the players.

I heard you weren't invited
Working hard again I see ...
It's never a bad time to drum up some  business.
Almost a legitimate reason to be at a golf course...
If he didn't own it, possibly. If he weren't selling memberships as a chance to see him, maybe. In reality, SSDD.
#impeach #resign #unfit
Please don't insult them

You realize the big crowds aren't for you, right?

And accepts a $1 salary working for you 24/7.
Pssshhhtttttt LOL

You missed the point... Read it all please.
That's how the left receives information, with edited formatting and limited perception.
Bots and trolls.
Go to bed!
He work circles around you
The man can't walk far without a golf cart & republicans keeping him out of politics. All he does is golf & break #emolumentsClause
Sure knows how to win an election though doesn't he
Yup, over promise, under deliver. Classic salesman. The election is over. It's more about what hasn't accomplished since taking the oath
He's winning since the election try another outlet than cnn you'll see
I have. BBC NBC CBS ABC MSNBC Fox NYT LAT AP  etc.
The President of the United States is basically tweeting a commercial for his private golf club, where the #USWomensOpen is being held
When will we get reimbursed for the free marketing?
Can't wait for you to objectify them!!!  
Respecting the women golfers, right Don?
Oops- it's all about you again- the hell with the noise & distracting presence of you.
U r ignorant
I'm certain you'll bring good luck....  Covfefe!
Start acting like a President - not a used car salesman!
Zip up your lips and pants

Big crowds expected -- the #RESISTANCE at work!!!
I love to watch #LPGA, but not this week. I wonder if ratings are down?

Enjoy it before your jail sentence! You'll be behind bars soon enough.
very unpresedential , unprecedented that#45 breaks and advertises for his private BUSINESS
My condolences to the women that u will no doubt judge, grope and molest.
LOSER
Trump himself is like a dark cloud over the whole event.
Did you threaten this event with a lawsuit recently?  Something about a pull-out?  Sad
Go home we hate you here in Jersey....
#AKHMETSHIN #URScrewed..... hahahahaha
Love this President. Trying to get back to what the founding fathers had in mind!!
have fun at the womans open i hope someday to meet you and melina and ivanka im a big supporter
Just keep your hands out of your pants and off the women. Can you do that?
Yeah.  PREDATOR
Promoting yourself and your mobster family's financial interests again Donnie? Didn't you sue these folks? You DID! They HATE you, too.
Just what women want, YOU, hanging around leering and making them uncomfortable

IMPEACH NOW!
Pro tip: Do not comment on women's bodies. It's creepy.

Bonus tip: Do not shake hands with anyone. For any reason. EVER.
Save your breath 
The crowds are not because you're there
Speaking about exciting
Your family has a shit load of exciting going on. 
Watch yourselves at the @usopen Ladies...lock the changing room.

Who cares!
Corrupt. #Crooked #lazy
Interesting that you feel golf is more important than our deployed military. You still have yet to visit our troops in harms way. Shameful!!
Why don't you spend your time being a President instead of pushing the Trump properties? Aren't you rich enough?
And you'll laugh your way to the bank. Making Trump Money Again!
Nero fiddles
How much are the beers?
Dumbocrats refusing to accept the results of the election! Get over it snowflakes we lived through OBAMA you'll live through TRUMP
Can't wait to hear how many you hit on. Like you did with France's First Lady. Watch your language there are mics everywhere.
FAKE NEWS stop watching CNN
Toddler using his office to drum up business for his golf course! Very very stupid subhuman! Toddler lies, cheats and steals!
Yeah because you don't have tons of work you should be doing. You're such a lazy ass!  Shameful!
Of course you will because the POTUS doesn't have ANYTHING more important to do. #AnotherTrumpVacation
Did you think they would not play "great" ? Are they in good shape ?
Exactly what do you do besides tweeting, watching TV, and traveling at the expense of the American tax payers?
Perv
Such a shame!! Republicans, please grow a pair and do something about a con artist making money off his office that we all pay for!! Impeach
USGA wanted to use another venue but you threatened to sue them bcuz you needed the $ & you're a bully.  Harrassing women - it's what you do
This will never happen again.
#GolfPLAYING #GolferInChief #SAD

All hail OUR #ApricotMessiah
#EmbarrassingInChief 
Obama didn't make money off an event. Please get out of my White House, you've ruined the office with your grifter family. #25ththe45th
I am sure that's the only reason you go... to watch the women. Tennis prob has nothing to do with it!
If there are big crowds whic there isn't, they didn't go to see you, they went to see golf. Crowd isn't huge like liar trump said.
Not gonna happen
You should not be allowed to attend.   As a women in the US I have never felt so humiliated by our "president."
So many women, too tiny hands. Keep ur teeney hands to yourself sleazeball @RealDonalTrump
Great! Another 70 year old perv trolling the golf course.
特朗普很高兴认识你
Please don't be a perv. You embarrass us.



Rob there was a whiner Libatard who collected welfare & lived in momma's basement. Now he has to get a job & no more meth for them
A quick heads up. Women's Open probably doesn't mean what you think it does.
THIS THREAD
#TheResistance Read comments!
#RT #TRUMPRUSSIA
#Collusion #Espionage #Treason #Obstruction
#Rico #USA
I tried to tell you; but why listen to me? I'm not Hamilton. I'm A Hamilton Spirit.

#ThatsHowWeResist @GOP @DNC #ResistTrump…
#RicholdTrixon  In Russian it means #TraitorTrump. #TrumpRussia
Big crowds excite you for some reason. That's just wierd!
Dear President Trump. 
How many more people are the clintons/dnc gonna kill before you do something to stop them?
Make that $ you crook....
Flesruoy llik
And, many Americans will go to work to pay their bills.
You love USGA so much, you sued it? Tough love.
Why? Are the going topless?
And at your facility, raping the tax payers
Better that than trying to screw up the US anymore!
YOUR INAUGURATION CROWD WAS PUNY, AS YOUR HANDS ARE PUNY!
We don't want you here
probably the reason they call it the US Women's open.
BIG CROWDS indeed and NOT for you!!! But back to the LITTLE crowd who showed up at your inauguration!! #BIGLY #NOTwinning
Dont be upset when you arent allowed to pussy-grab the winner. You know, like no other POTUS ever has done. Ever. Btw crowds 4 them not you.
Again, try not to grab any pussies while you're there

Do you get to walk in the locker room like you do at pageants? Maybe a little p-grabbin' on the side.
Whatever..
Resign
Your 'leadership' is a joke
In Your OWN words... you are a disgrace..  RESIGN
MAGA- morons are golfing again
From your OWN mouth, several times!!  RESIGN
Syphilis Don, you gonna try and grab a few pussies?

Promoting business at your property? Seems like you should be doing the people's work, rather than your own.
U should be running a country. Oops, Pence is.
Don't grab anything I wouldn't...
Promoting your properties I see ... Chief of Profit!
Make sure to grab them all by their...parts...again. #sad #SCROTUS
Don't care.
A bit of self enrichment and graft on a Trump golf course?
God, you're worse than a bad lounge singer.
Is this an official modern-day presidential communication? Then you're using your office to promote your business. Sad!
We lost Marine's on American soil this week. Don't you think you should say something about that?
Hoping to grab some pussy?
GN President Trump
Make sure you keep your balls in your own court, Sparky.
Still promoting your properties instead of worrying about the country. You are the worst ever!  Corrupt, pathological liar, uneducated.
Women's Open, eh? Any pussy grabbing opportunities?
Make sure you don't embarrass the nation further by commenting on their looks. #disgusting #mysoginist
Are you going to meander through their locker room? Is that why you threatened to sue them if they moved the tournament?
Happy to have you hear Mr. President
Not advertising again though right? Not making any money off the presidency though right?
GOP R only interested in attempts to please lobbyists so they than line their own greedy pockets SICK!! @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump
Big crowds are not there for you. Dude.
Of course the women are playing great, what else did you expect? I suspect they are playing more than great, I suspect they are outstanding.
No time for work?
