
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking http://bigstory.ap.org/article/9517fb5ec44e4e93a275cc0722abd6a1/trump-vows-fight-epidemic-human-trafficking …...
Once your out of office and in jail things will be a lot better for all. #TraitorTrump
*you're
Please help with long-embedded elder trafficking. #Probate Court Industrial Complex

On-going miscarriage of justice
See news article re liberals trying to silence me:
http://www.bostonbroadside.com/frontpage/part-4-lawyers-charged-with-fleecing-elder-marvin-siegel-out-of-millions-now-seek-to-get-his-daughter-disbarred/ …
So what your saying is that you are closing-up shop?
Seems you have a lot of knowledge and experience on this subject.
What happened to defeating ISIS in 30 days . Day 31 and counting
He has been really busy lying to the American people. Also... dodging responsibilities and donations. Oh and threatening NK, not to forget.
This is dear to my heart. Our children deserve freedom from ALL things threatening them. Vaccines included.
Yes, yes they do. Please, for your kids sake look more closely at what you're protecting them from and what you're exposing them to.
Stop child trafficking yes. End it forever.underground Airports ,underground bunkers, overseas, cps, Hollywood,
Only if they took Ivanka would he care!
Start with NGOs in Libya
Good then start with #Podesta #pizzagate and the rest or those #freakshow Liberals in and around Washington...Let the #DrainTheSwamp begin
@IvankaTrump @AP Investigate Pedogate but keep Pence away - he doesn't want the truth getting out!
Wait what? Pence? I don't get it!
@IvankaTrump @AP http://www.timesofisrael.com/dozens-of-gravestones-toppled-at-philadelphia-jewish-cemetery/?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter … how about get daddy to combat the epidemic of white supremacy while he's at it?
Tell Ivanka that human traffic is not the people in the crosswalks when you are driving by in your limo.
Well looky here!!! I'm reading Doe V. Donald Trump on Scribd. Check it out:
Third person voice again or is @KellyannePolls tweeting this? Anyhoo, why don’t you tell us all about Trump Models? #PIMPOTUS
So he is going to set a good example and retire from this line of work.
1. You're doing that 3rd-person thing again. You sound bananas.
2. Human trafficking, like the slave Trade Robert E. Lee fought a war for.
I hope and pray President Trump  can stop the human trafficking soon .
This is the real reason the elite & democrats are panicking, and fighting so hard against @potus. How many of them are going to be EXPOSED?!
please give congress the same health care as all of America
No now that's your  baby
I sure hope you intend on reforming the BIGGEST Child Trafficking-Racketeering operation in US History...CPS. Major joke!
It is not a joke! Slavery was never funny. This will end and Americans need to come together to help our First Family stop this madness. 
POTUS landed in so much mess. He works hard and believe me this issue will be dealt a world changing blow!
Soon!
.@realDonaldTrump You mean like when you ordered a bride from Slovenia?
You understand that some Dems are liars,cheaters, and they only talk to Rich ,not the poor people ?
strt by stopping AKRON CENTAC=fbi irs local Akron PD Emershaw Mushkat  raping my wife
Just helping out.
Are you going to appoint your buddy Jeffrey Epstein to head up the committee?
Please.
ur r absolutely right n we shud not be allied wit any country that traffic chritians for their organs saudi's n turkey
might want to start with the people that helped You get elected; pimp-in-chief.
GO!
Perfect!!
Thank you POTUS for all you are doing!
Keep fighting for the innocent
Unmask the politician that are dirty.Don't forget the elderly that are on mediCare need help
He walks up and "grabs some pussy," how do know they r not trafficked? WTF Don't act like Dad isn't a PERVERT!
Can we start with Trump's promise to stop paying for sex? How many pussy grabbing moments involved minors?
good for Our President
@IvankaTrump @AP من.اجل.مستقبل.البشر.لابد.من.البحت.لحارس.كنوز.العذر
DT! This fight is not your's. You don't care.. you act as you do care.
I think people are trafficed to work in restaurants. There has been strange activity and I suspect this in my town
you are the best
Bravo, Donald!  If this horrendous epidemic is tearing me apart what must it be doing to the victims?!
Just wanted to say how much my dad a Vietnam Vet believes in you and would love to meet you before dying from cancer.
please stop the Muslim Brothethood!
You have your Big Gun NOW, Use Sessions to Open the Biggest can of Worms in D.C.!!!Many will go DOWN!
Wow, you don't really believe it's an epidemic? Why the quotes around the word?
unless he can grab them by the pussy for free
LOL!
you need to start with yourself and send for Melania back to wherever she came from
@IvankaTrump @AP هي
I hope so. Start with all them in power who thinks it's ok to have sex with children. Look at Bill n Hillary
Good these pimps & Traffickers should be put to death
go for it it's long overdue.
hahaha. How let's see how. Stop blathering....show a plan!
human trafficking epidemic in San Diego CA
@IvankaTrump @AP ha his wife was purchase  plan
he vows to do a lot of things, all lies.
FAKE NEWS! SAD!
And to accomplish this he is doing what? Allowing coal companies to pollute streams? Freeing up wall street?
That's how he got her are you serious!
@IvankaTrump @AP
u will pimp them in #china
build that wall!
Thank you.  One of my daughter's friends was used and no one knew.  Right here in Tulare Ca.
would love to talk to you in person about jobs and what companies are doing I want to work
what jobs were created I need one been looking fir 6 months want to work with your labor board
do not use ashton kutcher, PLS i BEG YOU HE IS A GREAT ACTOR, SAW THAT AT CONGRESS, HE IS NOT W YOU HE IS AGAINST YOU#maga
حب.يكون.من.اللجميع.للكل.البشر
Um, ya, Trump brand on China escorts is the opposite of what you should be doing. You are a disaster!
The haters are bizarre.. Human trafficking is bad.. He just signed a GR8 bill to advance women in STEM programs.Why the H8?
HUMAN TRAFFICKING & PEDOPHILIA happening from the top down in Washington and :) they will be EXPOSED BY TRUMPS ASAP
it is not an 'epidemic' but an epidemic
.@realDonaldTrump 
definition of ep·i·dem·ic (noun)
1. a widespread occurrence of an infectious disease in a community at a particular time.
. You have them, Democrats, beat so bad, shame on them,
then where will he buy his next victim?
@JackPosobiec @AP www
http://EducateBohol.org/give  - preventing child trafficking in the Philippines
Thank you President Trump. Human trafficking is the horror we don't want to face. Stop the cycle!
Crimea is 90 percent Russian. It legitimately belongs as a territory of Russia. Would you want to make me a citizen of Mexico?Get with it.
this is a serious problem, not one to be taken lightly. NOW you want to get involved. IRONIC
@thechicagokid @AP HOW IS THIS SHIT SHOWING UP ON MY FEED?
@IvankaTrump @AP e he's a part of the problem, he probably traffic to his children
@IvankaTrump shall we start with the Trump modeling agency?
THE MOST important issue right now. Protect or children and anyone abused or sold into any slavery. TY Trump!
@sandeep04CBS @AP जय श्री राम जी
@skyjones55 @AP I hope so because this is a horror & just an replacement for slavery. People's lives are ruined by users.
I'll believe it when I see Jeffrey Epstein testifying to Congress..
Yes, going after human trafficking is good.
Mr Pres, check out Ted Gundersons work on trafficking, and the book Pawns in the Game. Illuminating
good job. You finally caught up to Kelso.
Clown Bluffing.
let's start by sending your poor wife home.
Good bless your efforts and you.
Starting with that pimp Obama!
That's right, Mr.P.!  But be very careful. These traffickers are the ones who will try to kill you. Very powerful ones ....
right after he picks out his next wife.
lock him up lock him up
perhaps you should start with your so called "modeling agency"
By trafficking brown people out of the US. WTG hater
Your have no idea of utter Satanical and ritualistic torture of children perpetrated via Vatican http://itccs.org/2017/01/24/citizen-arrests-launched-by-common-law-grand-jury-roman-catholic-church-and-suspected-child-abusers-will-be-targeted/ …
Yes please.  Stop the mail order brides from eastern Europe.  Don't marry any more. #sad
@IvankaTrump Is there something that I can do to help. This area is close to my heart and my heart breaks for our kids.
Read a story about a flight attendant on Alaska Airlines who saved a young female victim.
would be nice if he could actually start focusing on important things.
why don't you just let him do his job?  i'm so sick of this petty stuff.
We want Hillary and Podesta the Molesta arrested now!!!
nice!  Will be praying for you
CIADeepState & GOP/DEM/MSM Elites R involved. Pedo Blackmail has effectively controlled govt 4 decades.
#PizzaGate
#MAG
How is that going?
@Sharpe_Cyn @AP isn't human trafficking how he got his current wife into the country?
While trafficking n deporting families who have been good 4 r country. POS45 is dangerous/delusional/dumb -U2
You have ALL the snakes shaking in their tracks!
Another feather in his hat .....
how about dealing with the homeless VETS in America, build them a hotel !!!!!!
Agree! only girls from Eastern Europe ready to give p Trump golden rain are allowed
Please help the children of the world that are being exploited by the elite of this and other countries/take them all down @realDonaldTrump
First, fight the epidemic of LIES that come from YOUR MOUTH
biggest story of our countries corruption starts here. Finish it and they all fall.  We can breathe again and move forward.
@IvankaTrump @AP yes, we must stop the likes of J Epstein from happening again, white privilige abuse, not usual scapegoats
What about the epidemic of the chronic pain patients being allowed to suffer bcuz of addicts!?No med4 us!
amazing! Thank you!
more in the shots. It is AWFUL. SO MANY HAVE LOST THEIR BEAUTIFUL CHILDREN FROM SHOTS, & THEY HAVE GOTTEN AUTI
linked to autism. Did you know that there is ABORTED FETAL TISSUE and MONKEY (something, I forget) and so much
AWESOME!!! Ivanka, I pray he does something about the forcing of vaccinations for children. Vaccines are link
The wife is fucking the rapper drake wtf!!!!
yes, time to stop you from buying more wives. #dontletthedoorhityou

Get them. Children are being tortured & murdered. Wikileaks opened my eyes. They're vile in the worst possible way.
Can we all just grow up and act like adults...
Whoever "Trump" is, he is doing a GREAT thing by fighting human trafficking. I wish him much success.
Please expsoe pizagate -clinton foundation  child sex ring and save the children ASAP get them out of pprions they r in
I love my Trump!  Go Get Them Mr. President!  Save our Children!
...by divorcing his wife ..
@TerryLeeJr76 @AP I bet he won't vow to fight election hacking.
LOL You think you're going to come up with some new idea, huh? Because you're something special?
stop cps fraud cases stealing kids. big profits for cps in adopting out good kids
will you insist that they investigate those model management agencies like yours?
#DrainTheDemons

CPS & FAMILY COURTS R PRIMARY CHILD TRAFFICKERS IN THE USA THRU FOSTER CARE/GOUP HOMES & FORCED ADOPTIONS @AmericasTaken
This is somthing that has gone on for decades.Thank you for addressing it.Needs to stop.
@FLOTUS Didn't Trump enable the trafficking of Melania? Just asking.
Please start by vetting Russians, the primary network of human traffickers.
DC and Hollywood pedophilia is one of the most important issues. Please save the children.
@Sphincter vows to make sure tRump is a #OneHundredDay President
PLS PROSECUTE PODESTA, SCHUMER, & PEDOPHILES AT HIGHEST LEVELS.HEAL USA's SOUL.RESTORE OUR FAITH IN HUMANITY. ETERNAL HERO!
Trump vows to fight epudemic of humans...
You should know something of this since you've been a participant for at least 50 years.
Go after them. Like Rudy Guliani  said.
Start with the lily white democrats. 
Obama was not your friend.
A trojanhorse
Our children have been exploited & abused,  far too long ! 
This must STOP ! And, you, Mr. President,  can help !
