Talked to my mother in PRico, she is ok but very concerned with people’s situation, mainly those in mountains. People are starving to death
I'm so sorry for this. My thoughts are with you. I hardly recognize my country anymore. We have fallen so far in 10 months.
We are strong and we do not leave a fellow American behind.
Never. :)
#25thAmendment
Perhaps they can file for bankruptcy...a couple times...you know, to get the billionaire mojo back on track.  #mueller #trumpsucks #dog #got
So you're saying they had a pre existing condition, huh?
#FireSessions
maybe if you hadn't saddled PR with a 33 Million dollar debt you created, they wouldn't be nearly as bad off....
Gee, have they already spent it all on your fucking golf trips & guarding Melania in Trump tower for months???
I voted for you, Iserved this country in the Army for 30yrs and this is how I get payed back! Shame on you. Help PR & dont stop.
#Trump #USA #PuertoRico #mtvscream 
#PuertoRico
Call your congressman and tell them you absolutely don’t support H.R. 3999

Trump what about the $33mm that you took from PR????
Didn't you want to rebuild Americans infrastructures anyways? You are truly the most horrible "president" EVER !!!

The problem with PR comes from their own government bankrupting them
As much as it takes! THEY'RE AMERICANS!!
Just when I think you can't get more disgustingly inhuman, you prove me wrong. These people are DYING.
Libs will never win. They were born losers.
Boricua recuerda lo que este presidente  republicano ha hecho con nuestra isla. No tiene respeto por nuestra gente.  #PuertoRicoSeLevanta
En EU hay muchos Boricuas que votaron por el racista este! Le debe dar verguenza. Ahora que breguen con esa!
No importa quien voto por este "Presidente" tenemos que alludarnos porque este Partido de Republicanos no va a hacer nada por #PuertoRico
What about your accountability self-confessed vagina grabber woman attacker serial cheater liar tax evader Putin/Trump collusion conspiracy?
#Fucktrump #Narcissistic
Hold on here. The Electric and roads were working before the hurricane. It was not a up to date system but it was working. Island bankrupt
Can Puerto Rico  file bankruptcy like you did
You're a joke. Elon Musk is doing a better job running this country than you ever will.
Thank You so much! Sick of gov. mismanaging and then acting like, oh well, you still have to pay and go on business as usual. Disgusting!
So you just gonna keep blaming Puerto Rico???? Why don’t do more than just throw fucking paper towels at people who need real help
And when will you be held accountable for treasonous actions with the Russians?

So Congress can make decisions for PR but you can’t let FEMA stay longer than 2 weeks? How long are you helping white areas? Just curious. 
39 billion is more than generous @realDonaldTrump for a run down island prior to storm! WakeUp #NBC!
California becomes a sanctuary state...burns to the ground.

Hahahaha.   You... Talking... Accountability.

Fix it! Period.
Now your saying that Puerto Rico doesn’t deserve help because their infrastructure was bad before the hurricane? Maybe we should give>>>
You are a very bad man.
Sick / why haven't you said the same about Texas and Florida ?
You are ALL TWEET and NO ACTION.

Yes, because we can cry at the suffering of others. You just laugh and load up another AK-47.
Try living in the real world pal!!!
Love this President and thank you Ivan Trumpovic!!
I voted 4 U but what u said while in PR the things u have done n how u've ignored PR but tweet about other things has made me regret it.
Go reside there and talk to us in 1 year.
Our tax dollars shld not have to pay to rebuild infrastructure that has been destroyed by years of corruption
Get them livable & get out
All of Puerto Rico had electricity before the Hurricanes.

Trouble always kicks it back to the right place, Congress, who never does anything
You would think for the cost of our electric bills the electric companies would upgrade their infrastructures instead of their pockets?!
.PR people need to elect someone that loves  PR,not the liberal Du Jure.
#RememberMaria
You’re the President last I checked, Lead!!!!
You need help Donny.  Your narcissism and inability to feel emotion really hurts everyone. I mean everyone.
Leftwing wants to add another welfare state to the US Congress.
Donald Trump "bankrupted" a golf course in Puerto Rico, leaving taxpayers there on the hook for $33 million worth of debt. #cheetoface
...jerk!
U helped to bankrupt PR via your private golf club going bankrupt & left them holding the bag.  How much more are you going to inflict on
PLEASE FORCE ALL HURRICANE, AND FIRE PRONE AREAS TO BURY THEIR UTILITY LINES! STOP WASTING OUR TAXPAYERS MONEY. FOOLISH IS AS FOOLISH DOES.
The American people suffering in PR are NOT responsible for infrastructure. They are Americans suffering. You are singularly responsible.
TheHouse passed a $36B aid bill 2 PR. Insane. Our inner cities are crumbling, and congress slaps State-of-the-Art new infrastructure on us?
Somehow those real facts aren't the officials IN Puerto Rico's fault but are Pres. Trumps? What a bunch of claptrap.
Of course not, you need the money for joy rides for your pals in Washington. We get it. Luxury over Lives.
Sub par before hurricane, they will need more than our economy can withstand. Some Crooked leaders can't be trusted there
How are your finances lately? What's the big secret?
They are our country, need help as the same as Florida and Texas, and Western fires.
She’s spends her time complaining instead of utilizing the resources that were sent
ELECTRIC WAS A DISASTER MY WIFE WENT THERE OVER 20YR AGO ON A CRUISE AND WIRES WERE HANGING DOWN EVERYWHERE NO ELEC CODES WAS A MESS.
@WattersonVickie @SenateGOP American citizens first..P.R. must take responsibility for no electricity
yess
Guessing you'll swoop down like a vulture, grab land for next to nothing & build a few resorts w/ golf courses once they're up & running

You are Mindless fool that thinks more about a dollar than human life you are turning your back on American citizens
You are self-serving reactionary and a liar such weak leadership
You are failing the American ppl you are turning your back on American citizens
Your hair still sucks. Can you please deal with that before you send any more tweets. Thank you.
Whatever it is, throw in making  Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz wear wear her "nasty" shirt everyday until it's complete.
#Maddow: This storm is no longer killing Americans, the federal government's response to this storm is now killing Americans. #PuertoRico
You're a fool. resign.
They pay taxes. A lot of the taxes going out are going. to the poorly run southern folks who vote for your sorry sss
You are the DISASTER.
.WELL WE KNOW YOU WONT DECIDE.  IF YOU CAN HELP IT YOU ARE ON THE FENCE ABOUT EVERY SINGLE SUBJECT SO YOU WONT BE BLAMED FOR ANYTHING.
The Democrats are ALWAYS looking for a FREE RIDE!  That's what they've been teaching our children too.
Infrastructure in the United States is disastrous we need to quit giving her money to other countries and start spending it right here
STOP! Instead of tweeting & complaining about fake news take action #helpPuertoRico
You’re a piece of shit. 
Childern please go to your rooms until you can play nice.
Why would you write this? Come on @HouseGOP ...start impeachment proceedings NOW! 25th Amendment!
You owe Puerto Rico $33 million dollars, you bloated buffoon
#25thAmendmentNow
How about you left PR in debt! You don't pay your bills!
Watching you make excuses for your inaction only shows how epically incompetent a president you are.
The proper way to handle this is to restore power and water so PR can begin to rebuild, pointing fingers is not the way to resolve, So Sad!
Impeachment time!!!
Deflecting responsibility, as usual.... Sad excuse for leadership.
You me Président are the problem but your day for Impeachment is soon
I think it's time for the president to DO HIS JOB IN PUERTO RICO!!
#moron
Fix it, just like you would any American state. How dare you discriminate against them?
Other states owe more than PR. #MuellerIsComing
Hope all those P.R. Liberal Officials get fired, arrested & jailed
WHAT are you accountable for
And to whom?
It should be to US
And we want to help Puerto Rico 
So make it happen Trump
The American people want this
#FireSessions
#FireSessions

#FireSessions


https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1630906407215942&id=1553558311617419 …
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1630906407215942&id=1553558311617419 …
Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar Liar
Than lift the Jones act
Donald are you taking back your presidential oath to protect and defend this nation and its citizens? #congressimpeachpotusnow
Congress holds "Purse strings", up to them how much we spend on PR!
Yea but help them things happen 
Where are you on the California wild fires!!????
29 Dead and raging
Where is the fire fighters support?!
National guard?
#LOSERLIARFAKEPOTUS
Let Congress figure this out. It's their job.
How do you take accountability for a hurricane? It's not their fault that nature wiped them out. You are POTUS and responsible to help them!
Suggest using San Juan Mayor's "hot air" coming out of her mouth to power homes & buildings!!! LOL
You just don't want to help PR because you are a racist.
We should make sure in these disasters  all government,hospitals all should be energized with CCHP
More support and money 2 an island, surrounded by “big water” that is a US territory. They r considered Americans Get ur head out of ur ass.
25TH AMENDMENT NOW!
Nobody likes you
Humanitarian relief then GET OUT ! No tax dollars toward these corrupt politicians. Let the Mayor respond to that !
Private sector should step up and help heal the effects of the storms.  People helping people.  Not the GOV.
No kidding! Houses made of wood instead of concrete-part of it.
"say"?
We know you don't want to be president, so just resign.
https://twitter.com/ashleyfeinberg/status/918535081345585152 …
Underground electricity in a hurricane zone is a permanent solution.  Do a permanent repair and replace
, no one expected anything different. You are morally bankrupt. The bar has been set very low for you.
Of course. It was their own fault. Nothing to do with that nasty hurricane. So presidential once again.
Yes, accountability, a word not practiced in Washington, you can get by with anything! No one cares about the citizens!
That was then, this is now.  Save human lives or go down as the worst president ever.  One who purposely killed Americans.
Question: would you tweet the same crap for GA, or TX, or FL for their hurricane relief? No, you wouldn't, would you.
But it was there in one piece and working. Quit making excuses and #DoYourJob for our fellow #Americans in #PuertoRico
That’s true. Puerto Rico was in bad shape before Maria. That’s no excuse to pull out now. Repealing Jones Act would be the right thing to do
You spend what is needed to help and restore these people's lives, period! They are American citizens and you are their potus. Do your job!!
You need to be held accountable for your incompetence, accountable for your sexual assaults, accountable for your heartlessness and greed.
How much to spend on your magic Trump-towels

The FULL verse that EVERYBODY is talking about! @eminem BODIED THIS! #HipHopAwards 
Estamos hablando de Crisis humanitaria, salvar vidas y necesidades básicas , usted solo piensa en cuanto le vamos a costar.
PR IS VERY FORTUNATE TO HAVE A BUILDER FOR A PRESIDENT!
Stop complimenting him!
#IMPEACHTRUMPNOW!!!!!
Just like New Orleans, every time I went, they said it might flood,infrastructure old and not updated. Misappropriation of !
You are a major disaster
What do we do?
When the President of the US who brags all the time about how he has a high IQ gets a 0 on the writing language part of PSAT
"Say the governor"??? Are you SERIOUSLY that stupid?? Why am I even surprised you're a #FuckingMoron
U r not only a disaster as President your Christian hypocrisy makes me puke read Mat 25:31-46 n get ready for hell if you don't change.
We can't afford to bail PR out of the mess they got themselves into! Not hurricane mess but what they did before.
Great...  @ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
Tanzania is gods country one of the most magnificent places I've ever been.
Why Sessions and Tillerson protecting Hillary inCourt against Judicial Watch in getting info onBenghazi and her E-mails!Why against"Transpar
Are you really still beating that old horse. Our country is in crisis a while an insane man is running it and you are whining about Hillary
Hillary biggest "Crook" in U.S. History topping Capone by miles and miles!

yes i believe  i observed a lot of cheap and not good quality work done for what supone to be a good paid proyect by USA
يا منعول الوالدين
True. Goverment run utilities have been and unless stopped will continue to be the real disaster.
The illiterate Donald the dullard proves his ignorance every time he speaks or tweets. So sad.
                 #DONALDTHEDULLARD
Mr. Trump you're doing a good job. But please don't forget Louisiana. Different Cities and neighborhoods lost everything also. Mine did
I survived an earthquake in the middle east. After the quake you couldn't tell the the difference between damage or neglect.
The problem in Puerto Rico is the corruption not the hurricane
How much are you spending on a wall ??
We need a bulletin board who said what & who did what. Call it the no shit board
No matter what, until the swamp is drained everything is going to be your fault. Can't wait for dry ground in the swamp.
Too strong for bullies!
A
