Did you not have coffee yet?
you a no brain
The little thumb is flying! Flailing away as thoughts congeal in Trump's "brain", jostling for the tiny attention span.
He struggles... What was he tweeting about? Fox and Friends? Morning Joe? His flaccid morning "stiffy"? Will the sentence reach completion?
Ivanka must still be in Germany.
withhold federal funds. Defiance comes with a price.
I agree.  Forget the bans..let's talk Russia....#whatadick
Your executive orders are all temporary and all will be reversed by next administration. You accomplish nothing but headlines and chaos.
Let's ban the banners.
Its crazy
Do you notice that you keep losing all the time??? LOSER!!
All these blue check marked goons freaking out every time Trump tweets.
Yupp, because you are Un-American!
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ...
Have you broken the law with other things you have tried to do? Oh yeah, Trump University.  You lost that one too.
*are

Your subject is plural. My god.
Right? How is this person the President? How is he a graduate of the eighth grade?
Must have read rogue CPI's tweet about calling it a ban for the record.
You do know your way around a courthouse. You have spent your life defending yourself against the wrong you have done.  LOCK HIM UP
Who gives a shit. Unconstitutional is unconstitutional!
Oh please just shush it
Do u want the murderers to come get us? He is vetting them
Just hold the money and appeal. Drag it through the courts, and still dont give it to them. Play they're own game.
Well, well, well Donny a man after your own heart. You should see if he has any 13 year olds for you.
Bill Clinton is a rapist.
Luckily the rapist Bill Clinton's sex offender pal, Jerry Epstein was a billionaire. He copped a plea & bought a private island 2 rape girls
Bill Clinton has logged 26 flights on sex offender Jerry Epstein's Lolita Express. Bill Clinton raped more women than just Monica.
How glorious it is to see your immigration policies FAIL.
How glorious it is to call you a shitsucking bottomfeeder
Hurts to fail, doesn't it.
Thank you, President Trump, for fighting for us and our country! #MAGA
Why is it Trump supporters show the American flag when it should be Russia's  ??!!
Typical left wing nut job mindset.  HRC lost , Trump is the President.  His supporters are the true patriots.
So funny,  this kind of divisive talk would never have come from Bush or Regan supporters. It's only from Trump voters. Sensitive much?
The deep state government is disgusting. Obama, democrats, Soros...behind it all. We know it. It's VERY obvious.
Kind of like reading a Trump interview transcript out loud.
because 99.66% of trumps followers are just here for the trainwreck.
We notice you're horrible at this job. Loser fraud of a failed president.
oh “boy” here it “comes” ...
Im still waiting?
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSwamp
I pray every day for his impeachment or removal. I'll start praying for it twice a day.
Take the time to think about what could be different. Have a real conversation with your neighbor, fellow American, maybe a veteran. Usa!
Actually, I do. My best friend supported 45 and wants to give him time. When we talk about her concerns, she doesn't even realize her ...
Thank you for sharing this. I will pray for you too. I'm not being sarcastic. I am burnt out on the hate and disrespect for this country.
I don't hate this country. 45 is not this country; the people are. We cannot accept the abnormality he offers. We deserve better.
You deserved better? So you nominate a criminal for your party's front runner.  He was and is better.
Who's being investigated for collusion? Hint: rhymes with dump. You people kill me with wrapt prospectives. 
The country is big. Huge. Bigly. Big League. So much space for golf courses.

Where do I invoice Soros for my tweets? Thanks in advance
$.25 has been entered into your Soros account.
I tip my cap to you.At least you admit it! lol
Your going to get the boot soon.
Out of fear a big country witnesses, stays fearing, knots shut both eyes, stays scared / scarring.
Good morning
I’m looking forward on banning gvmt spending for your weekly golf travels to Florida.
I bet u said the same thing to Obama!!
no, but your beloved orange did. Wasn’t he suppose to not have time for golf? Or did you tired of winning yet? Or was it wyning?
only whining I've seen is u liberals!! Nope not tired of winning yet!! Why didn't u complain this much with Obama?
Try has spent a third of his first 100 days playing golf. You're not paying attention.
Also not paying attention 2 where money is going. Straight in trump's pockets. golf cart rentals, rooms 4 security food, etc.
how can it cost someone to go to their own place? His home, his golf course, his golf carts, wtf ever!!!
WOW u really aren't paying attention. Yes he owns it. But tax payers r paying 4 everything. He's still charging 4 it keep up
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" ca...
Unsure
New Orleans is a hot bed for illegals.  Send in the Marines and make them Border Agents. The Border Patrol Office here needs help !
Why? It won't stop drug dealers, they use tunnels. It will cost 21 billon dollars that could go to job training and veterans.
@realDonaldTrump already viewing plans to get rid and prevent tunnels while building the wall. Go look at design; stay mum if you know 0
Resign
I noticed ONE NATION,UNDER GOD,INDIVISIBLE, FREEDOM FOR ALL-- crammitCLOWN #yellowdogdemcrat
Hi Donny. What will you do to divert attention to yourself. I hope its not world wore three
h. nn5..

Political Correctness Sucks!

#BigGovSucks 

.@POTUS: "As long as we refuse to close our eyes or to silence our voices ... justice will ultimately prevail." http://bit.ly/2oH01cp 

China warns North Korea another nuclear weapons test would take relations beyond 'point of no return' via /r/world… http://ift.tt/2pvBonZ  
https://twitter.com/Forever_Lucid/status/857022162640809984 …

Here's a VERY small portion of illegals who were convicted of sexually abusing children last year. It's ok until it's yours #sanctuarycities 
Trump is a sexual predator and he would be on this side of the wall!
Bill Clinton is a rapist.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for the beautiful coin!  As one of your original Deplorables, it means a lot to me   #wednesdaywisdom #MAGA
LOVE IT.
WANT IT.
HAVE TO HAVE IT.
ORIGINAL #TrumpTrain rider 2 (only deplorable in crooked hill's eyes) since the escalator entrance !
#45
I noticed this is yet another thing you lost on. Now in fairness you're not a mega loser, as that would be a title reserve for your base.
Need to change FHA INSURANCE ON MORTGAGE. WELLS FARGO!!!
I noticed your tweet, Pamela. Do you have an insurance concern I can look into for you? Pls DM more details (no acct #). ^CC
108,000 home purchased 2011
Mnthly Payments 805.72
Mnthly payments made 850.00, week and few days ahead for 6yrs 
.
Does everyone notice that you are under investigation by the FBI for colluding with Russia to get elected?
Ya, the way the Obama administration ran illegal surveillance on the Trump Team kind of sucks, but it is what it is.
10th Amendment.
They'll  (libs) continue to use repubs like Ryan and others in an attempt to hamstring our Commander in Chief. Its their only move right now
You have my support! Don't think of what I think, just keep GOING!!!!
People are noticing what's going on and you're noticing how stupid you are about a lot of things. How your followers chicken littles
I noticed that you haven't accomplished shit yet.
More importantly, does someone understand the concept of co-equal branches of govt and limits on executive power? This's not a dictatorship
SMART PEOPLE HATE YOU.
That is because your ideas are illegal. HA!
Sanctuary cities are un-American !
take a grammar class!  -#EndWordSalad
Have you read that somewhere?
Rewrite the ban to stop refugees from anywhere
Sir, abolish the 9th District w/overturn rate of 80%+/broken beyond repair/rouge judges attempting social transformation w/o representation!
RETWEET THIS
@TheKevinDent when will haters stop hating & start loving country & countrymen? Who is truly the loser? Those who hate or those who love?
Merely providing employee feedback
I've noticed that you have the Twitter skills of a two year old.
Californians are captives under 9th circuit. WHY aren't there cases in other circuits? Crazy libs know they get ANYTHING they want from 9th
What's it like being the biggest disappointment in the country. Watching the working families of America rally.  got allot of unhappy voters
just keep the good fight all the rep should get behind you if they had a brain love trops love
WTH?  Our illiterate and incompetent "leader" tweets
Whatever needs to be done to stop you & your "bullies" from harassing others. Not all immigrants are bad. You & GOP out of touch? Yes
There are many black robes clowns sitting on benches.
Yes
fag
Well tell feckless Ryan to do his job start impeaching judges or step aside we don't need weak ppl
Judges r not impeached they r disbarred. And at this point none have committed a disbarrable offense
looks like you're going to have to use your power to get these very important issues taken care of. They need passing. MAGA
Also charge them as accessories before during and after the fact for all crimes committed by illegals during their tenure in office
show us your tax returns!
They as well notice how abused kids are forgotten and kids not abused are taken and never returned even with NO evidence of abuse, INNOCENT
Out of our very big country, with many choices, did you notice that most American voters did not actually vote you into office?
Your insane...
Why are bully tactics ok for you, even when unconstitutional?  Abuse of rights and civil liberties is wrong regardless of your title.
Mr Prez, law should require consensus among a group of federal judges before injunction on executive order.
What we have noticed is every time you don't get your way, you try to destroy the protections made by our forefathers.
Seriously,do you even have a high school diploma.
Not just in one tweet but two you admit and provide the court with more evidence it is indeed a BAN
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha hee hee. Somebody has to put a leash on your nonsense! I mean seriously you old goat!!!
Stop deflecting. Address your collusion with Russia & release your taxes #resist #Russiagate #TrumpRussia
The  government cuts the checks . Refuse to pay them. Tell the 9th court to come get the money.
YOUR FIRED!
Quit crying about yet another FAILURE in your quest to be #DictatorDonald @realDonaldTrump
Thank goodness for the Constitution! It's the only thing saving us from your insanity!
Are you drunk again? What are you ranting about now old man.
You keep on using quotes like you know how to use quotes and you do not. It isn't that difficult, Mr. "President"
Thank goodness for checks and balances
Your a joke, stop tweeting and golfing. Go do your job.
Maybe if u shut ur mouth it will not haunt u so quit naning excuses for own incompetence/running business n govt isn't same lol now ur learn
What do you plan to do about the 9th circuit & others that interfere with national security? Why not impeach them & try for treason?
How many times did with Obama withhold federal funds to enforce federal law even Jimmy Carter made the speed limit 55 or no highway funds
You speak like a 3 yr old!!!!!
...Drain that swamp!
Are you getting tired of losing???
Sooo...it is a "ban". (In your own words) Thx for fueling our defense @9thCircuitCourt
Sorry meant @US9thCircuitCt
Please hurry up and Nuke N Korea and tell the world that anyone else who wants to eat dogs will get the same treatment !
Not a good idea to Nuke China!...Change of tactic needed there my friend 
OK I agree, better to Nuke Iran then. You OK with that ?
Do they eat dogs? I never knew that?
Every time you tweet the damage just flows right out.
out of our very big country you have the lowest approval rating ever seen toddler
Stop banning religions and stop trying to control the purse (congress has that job) and you won't be met with Court action against you
And thus Donald Trump, like a cave man trying to understanding nuclear physics, attempts to describe the US Judicial System.

brought in...   Brought in ....  Umm Sir, are you going to finish that thought?
Where's your executive order on hate crimes against the #Jewish @JewishDems #TheResistance
There will come a time when your base will wake up and realize that you've screwed them like a two dollar hooker on Saturday night.
Yes sir!!  Allso noticed that the Swamp is even dirtier than I thought!  Got 'em all shook up!  God be your ultimate guide!  #MAGA   ♡ U!
It's wrong that 1 lib judge can stop EO.
Does everyone notice you're giving tax breaks to the RICH and screwing the poor?
You are so far out of your depth and too stupid and hubristic to understand where you are and where you are destined. I pity the fool.
Nasty little play ground bully woefully inadequate for the office you occupy. Temporarily. SAD!
"dormant" Commerce Clause known as the "negative" Commerce Clause a legal doctrine courts in the US have inferred frm the Commerce Clause
If you didn't use so many quotation marks you'd save on characters to say more stupid and pointless shit. Just a little "tip".
Jackass
I know, right?  We have plenty of room for everyone. No need for a ban or deportations.
Take care of them !!! Break em up
By liberal judges.
The delay in the Cabinet approvals has greatly impacted your first 100 days ... folks forget too soon the misdeeds of a few in congress.
All these sore losers...remember the "resistance" marches when Obama won? Me neither. 
Hope and change...LOL
sucks when you lose eh?
Rumor is that another court system is filing impeachment papers today. I'm happy. Feels like my birthday. Wish we would get to the end asap.
Learn how to write and speak English.  Your tweets are painful to read as most of the time they don't make sense!
You could hold a series of rallies in these cities' capitols. Show their mayors just how many of their own constituents DON'T agree w/them!
do you understand why someone may stand up for the little guy you wont
Hey liar, we need foreign born nurses,health care workers so u better start supporting sanctuary cities that help pple slide into those jobs
Time to face it Evangelicals have turned there backs on every single teaching of Jesus for the false profit Trump
Those judges who think the rule the United States abolish them.

I notice that you have a problem with ethics
um, u don't pay attention well do you? The 9th didn't c the sanctuary case....the 6th did Hey, y don't u get rid of courts?
Maybe if you had chosen an Attorney General that actually knew Constitutional Law this mess would not have happened. You picked a politician
Wire taps?
I have noticed that! Sounds like there is some Judges out there sticking their noses in places they don't need to be!
How about you stop wasting time on blocking the President and start Executing some Murdering  Inmates! Get Your Priorities wright!
Set in jail for 20 Plus years Ridiculous! Tax Payers Money being wasted! Then debating whether or not we should put them to DEATH!
I say kill em the way they killed their victims!!!!! Stop wasting our time! Do your Damn job!!!!!!
Doesn't matter if they have mental problems! if they have it that bad, they DO NOT NEED TO BE IN SOCIETY ANYWAY!!!!!
I AM SICK OF AMERICAS LEGAL SYSTEM! WHOLE DAMN THING NEEDS TO BE REPLACED!
i USE TO BE A CORRECTIONS OFFICER AT A COUNTY JAIL AND SAME PEOPLE COME IN, ASKED WHY YOU COME BACK THEY SAID 3 SQUARES AND MEDICAL COVERAGE
WHO DO YOU THINK PAYS FOR ALL THAT?? I WILL GIVE THREE GUESSES!
You spend an awful lot of time crying on twitter
It's just a kangaroo court Mr President.  Over reaching it's authority.  What a joke. Our safety better not suffer.
read the constitution...
Funding from all of our taxes are paying for non tax paying illegals college tuition. Think about that Mr. Hillary's. Think of your kids ?
You lost me at "Out of our very big country". Anyone who starts a sentence that stupidly isn't worth reading any more of. #IgnoramusInChief
You're.
Why hasn't Trump been impeached??
Title 8 us code 1373
Out of so many comments, it's "us" versus "them" . The "U" in USA stands for United!. Why does criticism on Trump track so many insults?
If everyone spent half as much time supporting our president rather then fighting everything he does ..
What the hell are you talking about? Do you even know?
We have to do something to stop you and your fuck-happy signatures on every conceivable EO.  You are not a dictator nor a king! FFS Stop!
We're gonna whine so much you may even get tired of whining You'll say please Mr President, it's too much whining, we can't take it anymore!
Surprised you noticed, Donald, since you were so busy tweeting g about how wonderful you are. Not!
this tweet has 37603 likes. That number is 0.133% of your followers.
Stand your ground, these judges and governors that don't enforce the laws need to in jail just like anyone else.
