I am glad Germany’s not share nothing with the United States until we get this president impeached in out office . He a Crazy dictator
Sick and demented?! Classic example of the pot calling the kettle black.
You're Crazy. What about the US  Need I say more. Domestic Terrorist Alt Right Trump Supporters
This is how the "leader" of the free world speaks..loser terrorist.  You're a loser president. You should be worried about America's own, homegrown,.white terrorist...dumbass
Another dipshit remark by the dumbass in the White House...
We have had more Shootings and terrorist attacks since you became President
LOOK  AND WORRY ABOUT YOUR OWN BACK YARD
Putin who has your dad in his pocket is the loser terrorist
Speaking of losers; when are YOU leaving the WH and letting a MAN do the job?
We need metal detectors in our school and security guards on each door in our schools.  We also need security walking the halls.  We do this for the court system.  Why not in our schools protecting our children?
.  Rather that  than having a lunatic in our White House.
Any mass shooting in the US. Britain hasn't had any of those!
Prez Trump why don't you stick2 OUR country's crisis &  keep your nose out of other countries such as Great Britain, Iraq, Russia, Korea??
Now @realDonaldTrump you must be proactive. LOSER!!!! you're fired
#Manhattan #nycterrorattack
u cant we are presirved
Proactive like Las Vegas was to prevent the killing of 58 innocent people and the injury of 500?? #HomeGrownTerrorist
Of course
Best tweet ever.
They are proactive by a better integration among people! The Major of London is a clear example of this!
When you don't have all the facts!! #PrayForTheWorld
Mr. Trump this was a misguided response
keep creepers in caves
Triumph for the West not cave dwellers
Shut up
stop name calling its unprofessional.
Says the bot with 1 follower.
Re "loser" terrorist: Thank you, Ace Ventura, Pet Detective, for your contribution.
Oh you mean the same terrorists your funding in Syria
HCare, why push a bad bill? Please look at Rand Paul's program.
Please stop using terror attacks in foreign countries to justify your illiterate juvenile ideas.
Why don't your  ass worry about America. AND stop telling people to break the first amendment in the US Constitution.
瓜皮
Yep your ban would have stopped it , not!
ANOTHET ATTACK IN US BY A LOSER PRESIDENT. HE'S A SICK AND DEMENTED PERSON WHO WAS IN BED WITH RUSSIA.  WE MIST BE PROACTIVE!
why dont you go back to school and learn how to http://talk.you  talk like a 3 year old#sad
...well grab a kitty then Don...cuz when ur famous and a loser, like yourself, u have to grab, cuz who'd let u touch them..
Kys Trump
Your the real loser
Focus on what you should be doing. You know so little and prove it every day.
You do a great job
they have America in their sights and glad you are our President that actually is alert to American freedom being attacked in many ways!
You let our Police deal with our threats we are used to it after having threats over the years from the IRA and we successfully sorted it.
What attack its was a failed attempt of which the bag it was didn't even get destroyed and it was no where near New Scotland Yard.
please stop killing people
How?
Well you would know sick and demented if you saw it.
They sick like you duh takes one to know one
God bless America

God bless you and your family always Shalom President Trump
#SickDementedTrump
Ccc

roflmaoynnaise
at"more specific"  yeah that would be not
only politically correct but even of sense whatsoever !
When will you call James Alex Fields a terrorist? He drove a 3K# deadly weapon into a crowd of people. Murdering one and injuring many.
I thought you made so much progress with ISIS already what happened sad
Why are you backing Luther Strange in Alabama senate election?  Strange is a swamp creature.
Mr PRESIDENT, God Bless you for all you are doing! Thank you!!!!
Allahu ack POW!!!
Ur a good person trump
It's all created by one enemy.
Would you please stop sounding like an idiot in your responses? I think you meant we'll on this one, but.....
Which is why we need federal law protection of 2nd amendment liberties. Constitutional carry for all 50 states.
May needs to stop jailing citizens for speaking out about Islamic intolerance & violence & start arresting & deporting violent Islamists.
Get them out, get smart and tough
Question: are there winning terrorists? There must be otherwise you couldn't have loser terrorist. Right?
Sas
You were right Mr President. Police had been beating a path to this young mans door for a while. It all comes out..our biased MSM needs to 
It'd be funny if weren't such a tragic incident. They never learn.POTUS does the Lucy & Charlie Brown Football routine&it works every time!
Donald didn't even mention the attack that happened on US soil & now he's trying to do everyone else's job, of which he knows nothing.
His tweet reads like it was written by someone with the mental maturity of a 10 year old.
I thought you wait to make a statement so you know all the facts?  Everyone is laughing at your pathetic job performance.
Noooooooo!
Hi
I'm so sick of the  negative  comments about Mr trump our elected president.it is more than disrectful.
Doesn't help my city, London & to be honest @realDonaldTrump were the CIA & FBI all over the 9/11 terrorists? Epic failure of U.S. Intel
You're such an embarrassment
Sorry but Muslim appeasers have doomed that country & have allowed Muslim invasion to infiltrate it as part of everyday life @MayorofLondon
Said the biggest numbnut loser I have ever heard of.
Yay! Now Scotland Yard is on your "bad" list. Oh, santa.
...."loser terrorist" ? Seriously ?! This is the way you speak to your nation ? Education clearly is not one of your priorities 
144 or less probably not a priority. But he paints a picture in your mind you can't unthink.
That would be "sites" if you are referring to weapons.
Inappropriate!  You are President of the USA not a Joe Schmoe citizen. Start ACTING like it!
European citizens need to take their countries and cities back
You know "loser" isn't really a strong insult anymore... right?
Stay on them Please, see if the UN will join?
Weren't you going to sort out ISIS in your first 30 days? What happened? Did it eat into your weekend golf routine too much?
Lol
Agree with sick and demented, but 'loser" is childish. Mentally ill people are sick, not losers.
(5) Here in the UK, we don't let terrorists win. We get sad and stand up and get on with it instead of aggravating them.
(4) ...to enforce security measures and due to the slashing of thw NHS too, not enough medical services to deal with the aftermath. (Cont.)
(3) However, Theresa May cuts the police force and its budget every chance she gets. Therefore, there aren't enough police... (cont.)
No,she told the police to get their act together after all the lies they have told.
(2) Theresa May then can use this information to have the suspects detained or increase security. (Cont.)
I think you need a lesson in how this works, Don. Allow me to educate. Scotland Yard informs the PM of potential terrorists (cont.)
...HOW ARE YOU PRESIDENT IF YOU TRULY LOVE  AMERICA...YOU WILL  RESIGN...BEFORE YOUR THE DEATH OF US ALL
