Ga huilen man, klein kind

Gads, GIVE IT UP!  You won the election, Trump. What Hillary did or is doing is irrelevant. You are supposed to be president for EVERYONE!
#LockHerUp
STOP, donny you are making a FOOL of yourself... and the 
You're comparing an internal party agenda to favor a candidate over another to you working with an enemy of the state to undermine democracy
Yes, we know, now learn something new. Dumb Trump pretending to care that Crazy Bernie was abused by Crooked Hillary is pointedly foolish.
U & your fans R always looking 2 blame someone else 4 your problems, who will it B next? Will U blame Space Aliens 4 your broken promises?
28yrs of Republican Executive Branch 120 Criminal Indictments, 89 Criminal Convictions, 39 Prison sentences. Trump will add 2 number BIGLY!
Collusion with a foreign enemy is called "treason."

What the Clintons did was just politics.  Doesn't make it right,  it's just what it is.
Comparing dirty politics to treason is like comparing   apples to oranges.  Orange as in the color of your big head and tiny hands.
Lying don U R trying 2 hard 2 take the pressure off your fake election. There is no way an incompetent fool like you could have won legally
As if you colluding with Russia is fair to the USA.
calling the B'MAN crazy will get you a nice law suit. i've noticed your tweets dont get as many likes or retweets as they did.
You colluded with Russia. Unfair to U.S.A.
Knew you were not smart but never thought you were that stupid
You don't care about Sanders or anyone but yourself. Resign now and save yourself the humiliation of impeachment.
What a grown up young man you're becoming!  You're only down to 20 insults a day.  Look who the Big Boy is!
Looking at something as rotten as the #DemocraticParty  #EU and #politics in the #West in general is like watching a decomposition.
Your the crazy one you witch and the hunt is in and you're it
The Dem party is an American institution which Clinton is part of; Russia is a foreign enemy country, big difference fatso. Crazy Don Con
This defense isn't going to help you when Mueller comes calling.  She did it too?  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Darn skippy.
"Her sins have reached the heavens" Rev.
Don't you have a country to run? Why don't you try doing that for a change!
Good point, let's run it back with you vs Bernie
Ahhh..you are under investigation.....
Love it
DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT just like a child always pointing fingers to deflect from yourself everyone sees it but your repukecan followers.
If blaming Hillary Clinton is still your best defense to colluding w/ Russia & committing treason you're in for a long prison sentence!
Some people will never admit they were wrong about him. Those are the ones you never want to marry or be married to. Stubborn pride.
People now put on their dating site profiles "No Trump supporters!"  Oddly though, I don't see "Trump supporters apply here!" Ha ha
Trump supporters don't use Internet dating sites.  They do just fine with family reunions.
Trump supporters don't use violence against Republicans, shut down speakers at Berkeley, or post photos with severed heads as a joke.
Oh Dean.There is violence on both sides. If u don't think so, you're delusional. You're obviously not someone who values country over party
I don't support violence to further a political agenda. However, MSM seems to be so to the Left that vio against Trump supporters approved
@camboviet @Billrollins @WhoWolfe @veteranhank @4yourvets @BrotherVet @BasedMonitored @SgtUSMC @DeplorableVTRN @BrandonGroeny @michaelkeyes
Why does Trump continually obsess over Hillary? It's as if he simply doesn't know who he is or what he is and what he ought to be doing.
He does the same with @POTUS44; it's almost as if he's envious.  #DontheCon
Almost? Nah, he's totally jealous of both! Lost the popular vote to HRC and 44 is more popular than ever. Ginormous ego can't take it!
You are totally delusional! Obozo and Hillary both belong behind bars
For what?
When people Google "collude" it's you and Russia that come up first. I can see how you'd want to try and change that.
tRump: "COLLUDE? I thought you said QUAALUDES, like we were getting QUAALUDES from Russia. Never happened. No quaaludes from Russia."
I don't even know Russia. I do, but I don't. I have a great relationship with Russia. But I don't. I have no dealings with Russia. But I do.
Fixed it:
Even better.

Complete list of rights Trump has taken away from the LGBT community:

1.
2.…
Complete list of times Trump has even acknowledged the existence of the Pride movement:

1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10.
Do you agree with this..
Israeli flag isn't the "Jewish Flag". This is conflating politics with religion. I'm a Jewish LGBTQ* ally, but am not pro-Israeli govt.
How can you be Jewish and being pro-Palestine smfh
Since when did you care about unfairness (and Bernie)?  You colluded with Russia in order to beat Crooked Hillary. Unfair to America!
Your name suits you. Dems have admitted time & time again there's no evidence of collusion. It's a fantasy to distract from their crimes.
Do you have evidence of Democratic collusion? And let me remind you that its the Reps. who were always open to Russia, not us.
Sure thing.
1) You lie.

2) It brings me great satisfaction that you're obsessed with her and having lost the popular vote to her by millions.
Hillary Clinton also "lost" the popular vote because fewer than 50% of the electorate voted for her, too.
Some actual numbers for you....
And more people voted AGAINST Hillary Clinton than for her. PS the Electoral College is what determines the winner.
She received more actual votes than him, braniac.
Electoral College determines winner. HClinton did not have a majority popular vote, either. Watch "Clinton Cash" sometime.
You colluded with Russia. An enemy of America. Traitor, illegitimate president. Step down.
Democrats admit there's no collusion. This was just a canard to distract their base from the DNC's corruption & it worked.
The results of the investigation have not been released. Until then , you don't know that.

Not enough proof to take to a jury yet but enough to warrant investigation is not the same. I'll wait for Mueller.
Then there's more than enough evidence to investigate the DNC. Donna Brazile already admitted violating the DNC Charter & cheating.
DNC chater is not law. Remember DNC is a privite organization.  How they select their candidates or punish rule violators is their business.
But fraud is against the law. Bernie voters were disenfranchised because the DNC lied that the race was real & fair. False advertising.
OMG!! She's not the POTUS jackass, YOU ARE!! Please act like it & not like a 6 yr old! (Who is guilty as hell, so keeps pointing at others)
Bernie isn't the crazy one here..
Come on, you guys! Just let Trump obsess over his crush! Sheesh! 
What??!!?? Putin will be jealous!  
Yeah, probably. Maybe he'll order Donald's execution if we draw enough attention to his crush on Hillary! ^-^
Nah. Putin has too much for Donnie to do before he can move into the 
US. 
Yeah, but if we can cause some relationship problems between them then maybe we can destabilize the far-right's plan! ^-^
What are you talking about? It's time to be a good POTUS now, can you at least TRY?!
Trump HAS tried. Unfortunately, Congress stalled Obamacare repeal and courts blocked travel susp. Thanks #SCOTUS for supporting Trump!
yeah you seem to misunderstand. I asked him to be a good public servant not a good dictator
Since Trump is restricted by Congress and courts, limitex to 2 terms, etc how is he a "dictator"?
thought you were just complaining about those checks & balances? Glad you appreciate their value.


I'm not the one upset right now. Maybe someone else here is triggered. 
Either an I, you tweeted to me hence my tweet must have triggered you. Better find a safe space, cupcake. Have a lovely day 
So a response = triggered? Then you must've been triggered when you responded to #Trump. Ah, logic isn't your strongsuit. 
Republicans have been chasing Hillary since she had the nerve to setup an office in her husband's whitehouse, you'll feel her pain for yrs.
This is actually true. The DNC colluded with HRC to defeat Sanders. It was against their own charter but they did it anyways.
Bernie is not a Democrat!!! YOU NEED A JOB CAUSE YOU FAIL AT THE ONLY ONE YOU HAVE EVER HAD FOOLING YOUR SHEEP THAT YOU WERE SO SMART!!!
the collusion vine run all the way up to #44 -Russia! Russia! hissy fits are only to deflect n tie up resources to avoid a probe into DNC
Well, why don't you cry about it Mr. Treason? Smh
Yet the fool with the party that screwed him !   he's a joke !
Mental capacity of a nine year old. Sad.
you should be glad , Bernie would have kicked your ass straight up that's why Russia helped him lose
Hillary Clinton was  the Democratic Party's elected candidate. They are supposed to work together,to beat the opposition!
She needs TO GO TO PRISON WITH HUSBAND AND THE OBAMAS !  It's a disgrace what they all did to our great country!
better than colluding with the ruskies, the real enemies who r trying to hurt and diminish our country
Like you really care
You're insane and stupid..
She stole his donations & put $97 on poor people's credit cards instead of $10 because bank does not investigate anything under $100. Crook!
You're lucky she did because he would have beat your orange ass!
Please...Tell us about colluding. You should be the world's leading expert on it by now! How many years of sucking foreign cock did it take?
I can't figure out if you have smoked too much weed, or need to smoke more.
I'm getting tired of the criminals that are above the law!
I D I O T!  YOU ARE SINGLY RESPONSIBLE FOR WRECKING THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!
My god! The longstanding democratic candidate was supported by her party to represent said party in the elections?! How crazy is that?
Lol. When I was losing a game as a 6 year old I used to try to make everyone else look bad too.
Hillary Clinton will do anything for prestige.
you sound so ignorant w/your tweets!!! Embarrassment!!!
So reassuring to have a petulant child leading our great nation.
Stop, just stop. It has nothing to do with current situation.
I think you don't understand the meaning of the word colluded
A shame you are so fixated on Hillary..shouldn't you be more concerned with other things?
Trump should quite throwing out FAKE STORIES. LIES! Remember the majority of the people did not WANT TRUMP. He's mentally sick, LIES ALWAYS
Liberals are in meltdown!!!
Who's in meltdown now?  Mueller confirmed Trump colluded with Russians with help from Flynn and friends.
He will be toast within 6 months.
Bernie was definitely a better candidate then Hillary but wasn't going to continue the Obama agenda.
Who are you to talk about Hillary and Bernie   There is NO ONE AS CRAZY OR CROOKED AS YOU
Let #thebern speak for himself. And you just shouldn't speak. At all. #TrumpRussia
Why do u think obama campaigned so hard 4 Hillary? Kickbacks?
.@realDonaldTrump NOT a true statement. And, quit living in the past Diaper Don. Election over
#idiotolinchief #liaerinchief #ImpeachTrump #lockhimup
It is funny, you calling Bernie Sanders "crazy"
Would someone please read his tweets before he posts them?!?  I am not even sure what he meant.
What the hell is wrong with you.
Keep up all your good work president Trump!!!!
that is not collusion. That is party politics. Something you should try...
@AnneRiceAuthor Why do you obsess about Trump?? 
Wtf are you talking about.  Try to run the country not cover your tracks or blame others for your incompetence. 
SAD @realDonaldTrump = @gop
why must you call people names? You continue to make ridiculous posts on twitter blaming everyone else, that is the truth..
Give it a rest dude. You "won."
you should focus on your job
Sad and weak that you are still obsessed with Hillary! Move on!
It's politics..all fair in love and war..
Um...if I had your record I would not refer to anyone else as "crazy"
KMA
Do so presidential work if u didn't do anything stop worrying a innocent person don't have to speak on every thing
Old, pathetic and two faces!!
YOU sound like a little gossip pathetic bully.
Still butthurt over her popular vote, huh!!
Time catches up.  Clinton, Rice, Comey, Lynch, Brassile, and yes, our former POS,TUS, should all get what they deserve.
Apparently you don't have the brains to understand what collusion is.  No surprise to the rest of us, but glad you know now
So are you admitting to your own collusion with Russia? Do you have a 3rd grade crush on Hillary? Seems like you can't stop thinking of her
You're right. Clearly we need a do-over election.Since both sides were shady-only new candidates allowed
Please stop referring to Senator Bernie Sanders as crazy I accept that your a bully but it is unbecoming to have a POTUS be a  BULLY
I wish Bernie Sanders was president. At least someone with sense
We're going to continue to reminiscing about this garbage still?
She lost the election. Get over it.
you are a crazy person in charge of nukes......
give up on the democrats trump they are here to stay  quit whining old man
Why call Bernie "crazy" (btw RUDE)? Takes one to know one! To be president one should have to pass a psychological exam! You're certifiable
Worry about your job
you've come undone
That kind of chicanery should be enough cause 
for her access to classified info to be suspended indefinitely.
Will someone take the mic away from Donald Duck and give it to an adult? SERIOUSLY!

To hell with what these idiots are saying about you president Trump. All they're trying to do is waste your time.
Which you do so much better
Start focusing on the future! This type of tweet is beneath the President of the United States.
You embarrass this great nation. Just go away.
lost my keys the other day, must be Hillary & Obama's fault. They colluded with the reptillians and the space pope. Also rigged the raffle.
You learned a new word.  We get it.  But that doesn't give you the right to be so hateful.  We need to work together.  Grow up, Trump.
For god sake's, you're the president! Please use more respectful adjectives, or at least more college level adjectives.
Lunatic
It must be hard knowing you will never measure up to people's expectations.
Crazy... have you been tested for syphilis ?
You need to get over all that shit Donald , and move on and focus on what's important. Waist of energy.

TrumpPutin are never going to admit this. @nikkihaley has a choice to make, loyalty to Trump and Putin or loyalty to the USA. @MeetThePress 
You accuse the mainstream media of creating "fake news" when you and your administration are spewing it out every day? Get over yourself!
Whats "unfair" is you calling him crazy. Do you have any respect for people at all??
HRC is 2016. In 2017, YOUR collusion is the big news. That and the fact Putin still had to hack you a victory. #losertrump
Isn't "poor" Bernie under investigation?
Trump-are you on drugs?  Bring out the white coats.  Get over Hillary.  Do your damn job!
Crazy Bernie Sanders?  When are you going to stop insulting others.  After all there is plenty to say about your mental condition.
GROW UP & GET TO WRK SO UR ADMIN/SOH/MCCONNELL/ETC.. DSNT HAVE 2 CONTINUE 2 DO THE JOB U GET PAID 2 DO. WE KNOW, UR  UNQUALIFIED- SO QUIT!
Mr. Diversion is at it again.  Hillary "colluded," Obama "colluded," everybody colluded except #failingPOTUS.  And his crowd eats this up!
Please, Mr. President...you PROMISED she'd be investigated. Please keep this promise!
They did. For 30 years and couldn't indict on one charge. Think about that for a minute. 30 years. Not one damn thing except waste of $$$.
She colluded with her own party! Holy cow! Definitely worse than colluding with a foreign power. Yet the MSM stopped reporting it months ago
Bernie is a crook too
More lies lies and lies crooked crooked Trump
Aiding & abetting an attack on our democracy from hostile foreign power is the worst crime a government official could commit #TrumpTreason
45 focus? Hillary Clinton--private citizen. Dem Party--not in power. Bernie Sanders--private citizen. "Colluded, crazy, collude, unfair..."
Awe... look who learned a new word today!!! Who's a big boy...?
Show your proof #fakeassprez
is this really a president that writes these phrases? sounds more like a farmer discussing spaceships.
You don't really know what that word mens, do you?
I am sure Bernie is deeply torn as to whether that was an insult or a compliment.
Not the same as colliding with our enemy.
Crazy Bernie Sanders would have made sure everyone in US had healthcare.
Si puede tu crees

Why do you care if you're president. Shut up and work for us! We paying u, we are your boss
Just stop with the name calling !! Try to act like an adult.
Yeah, Hillary collided with DNC but you possibly collided with Russia and under investigation by Mueller.
are you still obsessing over bernie and hillary you are in the WH put your big boy panties on and get somehting done? Dopey Donald hows that
do you know what colluded means?
It's rather hilarious she cheated and colluded and still lost the election.  Karma...
Help me out here. I am not American but wanna know what is a US President job? Is it to be obsessed over a lost opposition candidate? Sick!
perhaps, Donnie. But there is a difference between The Democratic Party and Putin's Russia. You colluded with Putin! Shame!
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? ...

What do you care?
yeah she did, and I can see how that would seem as equivalent to colluding with Russia...to a simpleton!
