The failing trump presidency, which have lied and colluded with Russia, is destroying America. Trump is totally inept.
Just because you keep saying something doesn't make it true as the majority of America know. Very little that comes out of your mouth is true. Maybe .0000000001% is true. If that.
Totally inept sums up your presidency. Too fucking unreal.

The failing Mar-a-Lago, who's members can't even talk their friends into being seen at the club, is totally inept!
The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is tota...
Let's talk about #failure. Here is a comparison of @cnn #nytimes & #trump's record. #epicfail on his record. Retweet the truth. #resist
#EpicFail #IndivisibleTeam #TheResistance #SignOfResistance
#voteGOPout #resist #Resistance #indivisible
#dividedwefall
" Gegen DUMMHEIT Kämpfen GÖTTER SELBST VERGEBLICH!"...: Uncountable His Kind of Nannies Meanwhile Trying 2 teach sme Kind of Manners atLeasr
Numberwise you are a pathetic minority, but it doesn't matter because you'll be hearing about it from behind bars if there's a God.
Glad you apologized to the @nytimes. When are you going to apologize to us, the American people for your Russian collusion? RESIGN!
more evidence he's TWENTY-FIRST century HITLER (August 7, 2017; 6:38 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
again, EVERY1 who DISAGREES with him is "failing" & "inept???" (August 7, 2017; 6:38 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
now going after @NYTIMES (August 7, 2017; 6:38 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
How much longer will the failing Trump presidency remain in office? It is totally inept! #ResignNowTrump
Big fake election. BWAHAHAHA
The drive-by media chumps can dissemble away. They will never get it. They will never weaken our resolve, they can never divide us. MAGA!!
@POTUS No government ought to be without censors; and where the Press is free no one ever will. Thomas Jefferson
Praying for you daily. We stand with you. May God have mercy on the United States .
There is no need to throw such cold pricklies at @nytimes Check on my friend please!
Make America Great Again. Sell all stock in companies whose CEO resigned from President's board.
AS A CAUCASIAN, I HATE WHITE PEOPLE.  NOT A RACE, FUKD UP WORLD VIEW. WHITE DOMINION over USA IS DEAD
FAKE POTUS acknowledges the TAIL IS WAGGIN THE DOG w/ C'ville remarks.
FAILING FAKE POTUS always crawls back to NYTs 4 any and all interviews.  WHY?
FAILING FAKE POTUS comes out of JEW HATING RACIST CLOSET.  Bravo!  Most honest thing U've done 4 America.
77,000 votes is not a BIG win.  Clinton got 3 million more than U.  America wanted her not a Jew Hating Racist.
U finally came out of the RACIST CLOSET.  FAT FAKE POTUS. Jared b careful.  Jew hater in chief is in the house..
And yet U keep crawling back to the NYTs 4 interviews. FUKed up FAKE POTUS.
I'm a proud Amer. Caucasian.  I Hate White People. Not a race it's a FUKed up world view. WHITE DOMINION IS DEAD!
Did you say big erection or big election, neither one likely.
You didn't win.
"bigly" u mean
Your mum is inept
Yup,you sure fooled America,but isnt that what you do?well wake up cause 61% of all Americans sure realize it now,fake President
The NYT isn't failing anywhere as much as you are as the fake president
You did not have a big election win. Fact.
The only thing that is FAILING, is YOU!
You are inept! Go away!!!
Says the failing @realDonaldTrump
You did not win the popular vote though. Not such a big win!
I don't know where you get your information from but the New York Times is nowhere near failing saying it won't make it true
The NY Times is doing better than ever.  You on the other  are not.  Accept it you suck at everything u do.
No matter how many times you talk about your win, she got 3 mil. more votes. You are a poser.
Big win are you hitting the bottle????? You lost popular vote by a lot# media rules
The NYT doesn't lie like you do. If they make a mistake they admit it, unlike weak Trump #weakTtump
your so delusional. Why are you potus.
DELUSIONAL!!! CAN'T BRAINWASH ME! I SAW THOSE NUMBERS!! YOU"RE PATHETIC!!
Since when are you an expert on journalism? You can barely speak and write coherently.
Watch it your narcissism is showing
You may have taken the election but you lost the vote.
Sing Sing Baby > Locked and Loaded! You're not with the Boyz in New York. Stop pretending you are. They'd break your Legs.
grow up baby-man.
Instead of nuking N.Korea, send them food, clothes, aggro-engineers. It hard to kill someone tht wants to feed you
Fake News again?! Boo hoo. What's real news to you? The National Enquirer? The Star? Or any publication that strokes your massive ego?!
Is THIS how you "love everyone"
you just have problems with anyone who is not sharing your ideas and lies.
Poor trump ... one of the dumbest president ever...
You and NYT should get a room.
why?
Does he know the definition of inept? Someone give him a mirror...and maybe be ready with a Thorazine shot...just in case
You are the inept here. Ur ignorant n a crook n we despice u . Karma will b brutal D
Inept...Take a look in the mirror, Don.  That is what inept looks like.  @POTUS
pot kettle black you non politician shadow of a president and even less of a man
Why are you so insecure? Is it you realize you are really the biggest failure of 2017?
Your big win just shows how many inept voters we have.  Too bad for you they're not in the majority.
#FreeJerryDelemus http://www.unionleader.com/crime/DeLemus-moved-from-Nevada-to-federal-prison-at-Fort-Devens-08112017 …
Not a big win, you didn't get the pop vote. All you've done is show ignorance and golf...
Pres Trump, get off this bandwagon. You are President, now do your job instead of stewing over stuff from the past...DO YOUR JOB, in the NOW
They have you for a playmate.
speaking of inept... You. #RussianMuppet
No word from potus about 3 Marines that died off Australia.  But tweets about "failing NYT". WHAT A WHINEY BABY GOP ELECTED.
#impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump
Pick up the NYT something yuge must be coming. Thanks for the heads up. BTW NYT isn't failing. You have helped them immensely. Thanks.
Boring !!!!
Nope...it's you that's inept
Failing @nytimes is even worse than inept, they are epitome of Journalistic Malpractice.
Will you quit bragging about winning. You're a 2 year old!!!
You are so right!!!
Failing and inept...hmmm, sounds like you are describing our President!

F U
Right just like the boy scout leader called you.  Your own team said it never happed...
如果希拉里那个疯婆子要是当上总统，美国的噩梦才开始。If Mrs Clinton were to be President, America's nightmare would begin
You're the real failure here @realDonaldTrump
Funny if not so sad! "Failing NYTs” your BEST propaganda outlet & which, by your posts, YOU MUST READ the MOST, You are GOOD for their biz.
Be careful who you call inept, you are not exactly brilliant yourself
Thank God for president Trump!

Do not let the establishment sway you.
They don't love this country..
you need to see a doctor very very very soon.
So let me get this straight,U r ok with a bunch of dems trying 2 find sh*t on Russia  but U r letting them use lawyers to find sh*ton them?
SERIOUSLY!
If you'd tweet more about what you're actually working on daily instead of whining about the media there would be something to report.
you mean the same @nytimes that caught you and your son in a lie about that meeting he didnt take about a country they didnt know?
Election win marginal at best! NYtimes only prints the truth
Dear President Trump, please don't let Hillary off with a plea deal - Lock Her Up!
and so are you
Keep on saying it Donald, but we all know you lost the popular vote, even if you can't admit it to yourself.
Ego much?
Was that verified by a peer-reviewed double blind study?
You should know what inept looks like, I'm sure there's plenty of mirrors where you are
, Get over yourself already, the world is tired of reading your baby BS! Do your damn job!
I have heard the bad news about impeechment of you. I thought i told you already that i can see the future.
Again pot calling the kettle black! Is this all that's in your vocabulary?
Fuck
Jealous? Get over it. NYT rules!
Blablabla
die kloeterklikke stürzt trump
Can you say electoral college?
Barf barf lier
you sound like you are jealous of them
Attacks on our press are attacks on our democracy for which you will pay dearly.
SQUIRREL!
did @nytimes predict your assassination?  What's the over/under?
@realDonaldTrump #tu #quoque , #ad #hominem , #hyperbole
Right on!
Inept is spelled T-R-U-M-P
The only reason you won is because the electoral college is bullshit so that suits can change the votes. The people's votes mean nothing
Why are you still talking Nov? Let me guess even you can't believe you won!  Fyi, Name calling isn't very dignified.
Impeach the liar liar
So are you
You didn't win the  popular vote, did you?
#JESUSPLEASESTOP
Donald you lost the popular vote...
The one where more people voted for Hillary? Or the electoral college?
They'll be around long after you're kicked out of the White House #potusfail #DoTheCrimeDoTheTime #MuellerIsComing #GrandJury
NEVER APOLOGIZED!!!! Stop spreading your venom
Babilon want blind all people with Fake new's Support. But today someone search the best at humans that little to little does end our Earth.
They didn't apologize liar. And you're obsessed with The NY Times. You know they're not failing and u give them interviews constantly.
would you quit yapping your pie hole about nonsense for five bloody minutes.
^^ Needed to be said
"Big election win"? Seriously, you are delusional.  You won ONLY by cheating.  Anyone can do that.
your big election loss by nearly 3 million votes that was reversed by the very undemocratic electoral college, bozo
Not as inept as you. Subscriptions are up 50% and revenue is up
Look! Over there!
sorry to tell you, NY Times is on it and YOU ARE the one that is INEPT
Takes one to know one.
@realdonaldtrump #disgrace #hitler #liar #fullofshit #smallhands #facist #traitor #clown #loser #impeach #resign #clueless #potus #criminal
Fake pills also


They didn't apologize, you liar. They did nothing wrong.
You lost the popular vote. Despite the election being contaminated by the Russians.
FFS Mr Mywayorhighway trump The only thing failing is YOU. The whole world is laughing  at your pathetic attempts to covert up your lies
And you are boring. Same old same old.
That's the ultimate in irony.  You didn't have a big election win, you lost the popular vote.  Just remember that. You lost by a long way.
Gallup & Ipsos show 36% approval- you compare unfavourably to past presidents. Spend more time on your job and less time on 'ratings'.
We don't pay any attention to the fake news anymore.They conned us once and will never get away with it again.We know that their polls r fak
@WhiteHouse @BreakingF24 @StateDept @nytimes @POTUS  a fucn liar fact ck poll ratings r 36%, no apologies & he leaks sec intel in tweets
sorry to hear about your syphilis.
Really rocking the spelling these days Two Scoops, you show them!!!!!!
The F ...ing election is over and #fake president won shut up
For sure you have a very small penis.  I have never heard a man talk so much about big wins, huge crowd size, and enormous hands.
The failing POTUS and WH which has made every wrong promise is totally inept!
ELECTORAL COLLEGE VOTES- Reagan 525, Obama 332/365, Clinton 370/379, H.W.Bush 426.  Makes your 304 seem smaller, huh. Get over yourself.
Thnx @nytimes doing better than ever. Uncovering ur lies & failings. Sad little man who has to brag & denigrate those who publish truth.
How the truth hurts! U just can't get over fact no one wanted u but ur base. We all know u suck at job. Hurting country more than helping.
Big election win? You lost the popular vote by roughly 3 million. That's a win on an electoral technicality. BIGLY!
Que.ondas mi trompetas
