One year to the day later, and rapidly approaching talks with North Korea, you decide to call China a currency manipulator...
Ignore the idiots Mr President, keep doing what you do best!!!! We are behind you all the way MAGA 
Did Trump forget yet once again, he already called China a currency manipulator during the campaign. Oh, one more flip flop!
Q: Why would @realDonaldTrump @POTUS call China a currency manipulator?

A: Gee ... I don't know ... I guess Trump is just all bluster and no action.
@glennbeck Donald Trump/ Steve Brannon and his gaslighting techniques will fail.
New nickname: flipper
I guess there are access to news feeds in prison.
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see wha...
Because you wouldn't shut up about it before.
.@realDonaldTrump after all that tough China talk, why no retaliation against Chinese tariffs on American electric cars?
How about because that's what you said they were in your campaign. You are like a reed - bending whichever way the (*&^ing wind blows. SAD
Mr. President, there is evidence of you saying exactly that. So, is it past you or present you that is lying?
North Korea- Dennis Rodman hopefully delivered the right message.
Have you forgotten. This is what you said before you became President.
Good question - why DID you do that, Cheetoh-Boy?
Was this before or after they invented Global Warming? 

#ShowUsYourTaxes #drumpf #DumpTrump #trumpMustGo #TrumpTeachesHistory
Watch your own campaign tapes, from your own lips
I don't know? Why did you do that?  Or was that #candidatetrump
You're doing s great job. Don't listen to the assholes. Real Americans are behind you 100 %
Because u promised to. #MoreTrumpLies
Why do you #Lie ? All the time, everyday you #Lie&Deny A TRUE #GopTrait Even as #IllegitimateCIC U display ZERO Honesty, Transparency, Facts
#Fact said Exactly this thru campaign, thru #FakeElection aftr Jan.20 U on record in front of World  #trumpLIES #trumprussia #Illegitimate
WHY!?!?  To get you knuckle dragging drooling RACIST bottom base to cheer you on because you, like them, are RACIST.  Next question...
Working with us on big real estate deals. FTFY
You owe China how much again?
You called China manipulator after USA working toghether they give USA the back,and unrespected answered judged USA actions
Because you did. Listen to the tapes/videos.   Price of work you are! LIE and DENY!
That's what you called China during the elections. You have a short memory.
Dunno.  Dunno why you did and why you changed your mind. You tell me.
President Trump. You didn't tweet on 4/15 - tax day. Were you hurriedly catching up with your tax files? Hope so, as the rest of us were!
That's a good question, why would you? You did it plenty during your campaign.
why did you
Nothing
But POTUS, you did call them that.
Your a very smart negotiator I respect you so much.... smart cockie your self ... I'm Battilon 27 group 12
Why the hell would you promise to label China a currency manipulator when they are helping contain North Korea? #TrumpFAIL
You called them that during last year.  Are you #senile besides duplicitous?
Yeah why would you? You only said it 1,000 times the last two years? After 10 minutes now you get it huh? Liar.
Either you have Alzheimer's or are really stupid and don't remember what you say. Watch the video !!
But you did call them that... all through your campaign!
Um, because you labelled them that.. several times.. in front of cameras?
Mr. President, if you have any wonders about China, ask me for free! It's free because I don't want to increase the federal budget.
Oh so you were lying? 
朝鲜问题会让步给贸易问题的，放心
Why do you think ,'TWEETING' is a proper way to address us? It's insulting and makes you look like a scared child
It's common sense. Socialists don't have any.
Uhh you did label them a currency manipulator during your campaign! You have made so many U-Turns, I doupt 1 promise kept!
Because you said it during you campaign. You need to get checked for dementia old man......
We are delighted as Africans keep it up the good work especially the North Korean situation. We need strong US for that!
Dear Mr President; You sir, are playing checkers while the rest of the world is playing chess.
Are they really working with you? How's that coming along?
I know these screwballs undermine situations and agreements. I recall lil Marco trying to undermine Tillerson back in the hearings re: Putin
你也太高看我们了……尴尬，我们自己都不知道我们有这么叼……
喵喵喵？
What North Korean problem?
we believe in you Trump, because your a businessman.
Because during your campaign that is exactly what you said they were
idk man you tell me
Huh...  Maybe because you're ethics aren't situational?  Oops wrong POTUS.
Good question, why did you call China a currency manipulator??? You have no working brain cells left
The Chinese are as trustworthy as @POTUS44 was when you and Melania met the Obamas at the WH last Nov..
another lie
BECAUSE THEY ARE A CURRENCY MANIPULATOR. You ran on this and it's true. North Korea is their neighbor!! NOT OURS!
Trump... honestly I don't like you but I North Korea starts war with us, I want you to send more bombs one them then they do square miles
Yea , crossing your itty bitty fingers , cause you have no fucking idea what you're doing
Trumps a liar
This moron has no idea what he's dojng
You called Nato unnecessary when they were working with us to maintain world stability.
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
Give us a update on North Korea is the usa Carl Vinson in place ?
You called them a currency manipulator during the election.
Well, You did. Dementia?
that is if the "china junk" rocket will make it to north korea. like the korean made shit that blows up on the launch pad !
So are they funding North Korea ??
Why did you say South Korea was part of China long ago??  You will never live that one down.  Crazy
Why did you?
They cannot be both? If they support on NK then suddenly you dont think they are currency manipulator? Just a BS reason then from the start
Why did you call them that two years after they'd stopped? Because your followers don't read?
Because you actually said it your whole campaign!
You said it. You wrote it. Admit it and go on. You lie about things that can be proved you said. How stupid do you think we all are?
or that you knew the truth the entire time but didn't want to about it because you're a manipulative creep
you really have no idea what you're doing so you? This tweet confirms it
This is the definition of cronyism. You cannot just change your stance on one thing based on a completely different issue
You sure know how to cause a lot of havoc in such a short time. NOT COOL DON!!!
We wondered the same thing, but took it to mean you were off your meds and delusional (again).  Impeachment will taste sweeter than cake.
you say you are a superpower ,so y do u need China to solve your issues with north Korea ?
Why can we trust anything you say?
Idk why would you, President crazy pants?
Why? Do you have Alzheimer's because during your campaign your repeatedly called China a currency manipulator. Are you insane??
Because one of those things has nothing to do with the other. And you have called them currency manipulators 100 times in the past.
and they are allowing your daughter the trademarks she has sought for years.
You say that like you didn't.  Need to say "I see them differently now that I'm a little closer to the matter."
I'm a fan of yours; just hate to see you word things that the media monsters can take out of context and play 50 times a day
POTUS repeatedly pledged during his campaign to declare China a currency manipulator!  Now suddenly amnesia has set in.  So SAD!!!
because you did
You are the laughing stock of asia, you know that right?
But you called China a currency manipulator throughout your campaign. What changed? Or were you wrong before? #turmpliesmatter #trumpfraud
You mean since the Chinese finally gave you and Ivanka what you wanted: Trademark Brands, conflict of interest BIGLY!!!!!!!!!!
don't, why DID you?
Why would you accuse them of doing anything wrong. Their courts  granted Trump brand trademark applications that had languished for years
Shut up before you cause more problems for us. You have a big mouth and a little brain.
Because you promised during the campaign.
You must have dementia or you know your lying and don't care you bashed China all through your campaign get some help your a danger us all
But you spoke so much about China and your issues with them. Hypocrite much?
Why? You've already proven you're a fool. We just now just wait for the clown show
I mm maybe because you did call them that??
because you did ? Call me crazy but I'm sure I heard you say that multiple times . You change your mind as often as your underwear
You must be very forgetful.
Ummmm...you did.  I think you have a memory issue and it may be getting worse every day!
How does a president have time to tweet?
And isn't China working with Ivanka to make more money with the trademark grants? Hmmm, is that even ethical.
We don't know. Why did you?
he not see help me
We like you mr jump and my friend wei want be sex with you
World War 3?  -We will see what happens.   Now I need pills to go to sleep.  Thanks..
Because you called them that all thru your campaign. You must have dementia.
Hey, shoot from the hip more. Who can believe anything you say.
Because you did it for 2 years.eventhough that was a lie
you are crazy.  Do you listen to yourself???
No, you r not working on anything. You want China to fix the problem so u can take the credit. SAD LEADER!
Oh president, I think it depends  on if China really manipulates it's currency.
Once again Donald, lies! You could've cut your losses from overseas steel and kept your promise to Build "American". Keep hands greased.
Because you're ignorant. Didn't you purchase steel for the pipeline from your Chinese friends? Or was that steel purchased from Russia?
I don't know, why did you?
#shutthefuckupdonny
“China presents three big threats to the United States in its outrageous currency manipulation, its systematic (cont) http://tl.gd/fdjjc3 
#shutthefuckupdonny
Why is @MittRomney the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?
#shutthefuckupdonny
@MittRomney studying ways to increase pressure on China over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices http://reut.rs/Hxd4ne 
#shutthefuckupdonny
China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help!
#shutthefuckupdonny
China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005.
#shutthefuckupdonny
"Romney, Ryan Slam Obama Administration on China Currency Manipulation" http://abcn.ws/QnBOCF  via @ABC
#shutthefuckupdonny
Treasury has refused to name China a currency manipulator even though the yuan “remains significantly undervalued” http://bloom.bg/SdU4iL 
#shutthefuckupdonny
As China is built on corporate espionage, currency manipulation & cheap labor, its economy is a ticking time bomb http://bit.ly/13pFxIz 
#shutthefuckupdonny
China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.
#shutthefuckupdonny
.@PennyPritzker Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!
#shutthefuckupdonny
"@hollyammon:  @AndyBran @JoeNBC DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation."  So true.
#shutthefuckupdonny
When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and @BarackObama defends them.
Yeah one would wonder. Maybe you have no idea what you are doing or the state of the world?
#shutthefuckupdonny
Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.
This fact didn't make the news, but the President subtweeted China.
Exactly
So u r saying u didn't state that China was a currency manipulator??? Is that right..ok..wait...
Yep...I was right..I checked & u stated China was a currency manipulator...MANY TIMES...in tweets, in interviews, etc!!!
Philosophy is common sense big words.-James Madison
Philosophy is big words with common sense.-James Madison.
The longer the title, the less important the job.-George McGovern.
The highest patriotism is not blind acceptance of official policy but a love of one's country deep enough to call her to a higher plain.-GM
I'm fed up to the ears of old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in. - George McGovern
liar. SAD that some people still listen to your crap
You ALREADY called China currency manipulator in hundreds of Campaign speeches. We're you LYING?!?
Because you have some serious mental issues.
We got it wrong that money is not worth everything and keep your treasures in Jesus Christ
@potus Are you that STUPID? You called them a currency manipulator during your entire campaign.
Rather than having us speculate,  why don't you tell us why you said it.
those words came outta your mouth in NATIONAL TV!!
During your campaign, you REPEATEDLY called China a currency manipulator!  But then, you said a lot of strange things during your campaign!
Still a manipulator but I'm sure time will come to address that.
China NO.1
oh #CHEATUSMAXIMUS , you are the #LiarInChief ! #CommanderOfCheat ! #LIC #COC
Chinese know ur stupid nd anytime u can start war..
Trump no autorizo enviar el porta avion para corea. Que payaso de presidente. el ataca a los paises debiles para robarle los recursos.
one has nothing to do with the other. you should know  if you are pretending to lead a country. they can manipulate and still work together
