MR.PRESIDENT WE THE PEOPLE BELIEVE IN YOU. DONOT ALOUD DEMOCRATS TRY TO TAKE YOU DOWN.ITSSIR,TURN TABLES ON THEM SIR,
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the gove...
Have you ever even visited a National Park?  I seriously doubt it.  Your values disgust me.
You allowing plastic bottles back into the parks. You allowing drilling in our parks. The government SHOULD shut down until you are out
Cy
Failure repairs as a smear of facts, our truth threatened to lose stasis over a man in trouble.

try this one 
MR.PRESIDENT WE THE PEOPLE BELIEVE IN YOU. DONOT ALOUD DEMOCRATS TRY TO TAKE YOU DOWN.I turn the table sir
U R threatening OUR national parks for ur billionaire buddies & U blame it on the Democrats? WTF is wrong with u? U need to get on some meds
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Mr. President, don't give a shit on the FAKE losers responses, they are all so freaking stupid, better they go find another life.
Most are not dumb, but most are misinformed and blind or deaf
Yeah well u keep taking funds away they have no choice!
Today is of great concern.Grave seems are circumstances but the world awaits what it has chosen!And may you reap what was selected in full.
You plan on taking our National Monuments away for mining and oil companies!
I think you meant "I'm threatening to shut them down and take away their funding"
Liar
Think that you once again have your facts wrong!
Dems & Libs only care about their own selfish agenda. Period. It's absolutely disgusting!
Thats a bold faced lie
To protect them from your money-grubbing oil company cronies.  BTW - it's you and the GOP that will shut down the govt.
yep
Citation Needed
While you threaten to hand them over to developers. I bought land next to a National Forest.
Not cool ,
Okay who's supposed to believe this, guy? Really, dude? Really!?
What in the actual f*ck are you talking about? #Russagate #Watergate #Impeach45
Loosen your purse strings and throw some money at them, will ya?
YOU THREATENED TO DO THAT!
Worng
But please asking you to Honour our Nat'l Monuments+Parks + pls leave them open for all to enjoy, won't you??
You are the terrible one! You dont give a crap about the environment
lol what
Why lie?  You have got to know by now, we are NOT STUPID!!!  Where's your integrity?
Yet you are setting out to destroy our National Monuments. For shame, sir, for shame.
HAHAHA, YOU are the one that was cutting money for national parks and wanting to open up drilling in them
Liar

Buddy, you're the one defunding the EPA.
You just cut over a billion dollars from the parks service. Please show your concern in a more constructive manner.
Need to get rid party system.  It nothing more than a bunch of cry babies.  They are not for the people
You and your Repub friends want to DESTROY them to make some money on something that will run out. Poor business plan if you ask me.
You are the one threatening to close our Parks so you can drill for oil. If you weren't so greedy we wouldn't have this problem
Comrade Donny, YOU are closing them! This tweet makes you sound like you care but your actions speak differently. #ImpeachTrump
So out of context.
U have a cat on yea head get the poor cat off yea head
Btw I hope the poor cat on yea head will scratch your eyes out
Summer doesn't start for another three months....
Conservatives are such delicate snowflakes. I am laughing while drinking from my cup of conservative tears. Go back to your safe place.
NO THEY'RE NOT! YOU ARE!
NO, Dems are NOT the ones threatening to shut down the government. You should watch CSPAN instead of FOX.
False
You are nuts. You lie all the time. This is terrible. Liar!!!!!!!!
Crybabies, all the know is how to bully, hate and violate, destroy others rights, oppose freedom of Speech and lie.enough !
Bullshit!
Rather have health care.
God bless! Mr president.
How dare you say this when you are cutting so much funding from these departments?
 Thank you so much.  POTUS,and  the UN get their hands off of these places - Smokey MT hs a marker - property of the UN
We have to visit our parks before you destroy them by drilling, mining, & fracking.
It also shows that they never cared about the people and there families
I think they should be ashamed of themselves for there dirty bulling behaviors since they lost the election!
And you threaten to strip away their park status...still want to talk about parks!? You monster!
No, actually, that was YOU
While you just want to drill and mine them.
Have loads of fun all Summer on our dime in Marilargo you blowhard! #theresistanceisreal
What?!You're the one threatening our National Parks and the Senate just made sure the government will not shut down before December!
This is a complete fabrication.
YOU JUST SAID LAST WEEK THAT THEY NEEDED TO SHUT DOWN.MAKE UP YOUR MIND! And how many of those national parks did you just recentlytrash!SIC
Such a dolt.
These Democrats are the dumbest people on earth.  They are not for Americans!
YOU threaten to mine under them and sell them.  YOU wanted the government to shut down to prove some point.  Reps are in charge/fault.
Terrible! they THINK these are very amusing and intelligently made comments, but thanks for a good job President Trump!!
You sure democrats are doing that?
Ahh once again the liar in chief claims it's the democrats you just tweeted that the government needed a good shut down in September 
Keep doing what you are doing, Mr. president, your doing a great job
I'M WAITING 4 HEADS 2 ROLL. WHY?! THE LIST ON BOTH SIDES OF THE ISLE IS "YUGE"! USE OBAMAS GOULTINES HE BOUGHT 4US! (MAKE CONGRESS GREAT A)!
You're the only one threatening to shut down the government
What??!!! Thats craziness!
You can't shift the blame from you and the Republicans with a tweet. If something bad happens, you own it.  If good happens, you own it too!
How many national parks have you visited Mr Trump ? ? ? ?
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - I threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
NO.  Your inability to recognize your own disgraceful disrespect for clean water, air, and now - our treasures - the parks - is why.
And your Republican cohorts from Utah want to sell off our public lands to their explosive buddies.  Please get me an appt with sec Zinke
You are personally responsible for the damage done. You are an embarrassment. No. An indictment of the electoral process.
#GOPAreATerroristOrganization No the GOP will do that all by themselves. They have been doing it for 8 years. Besides you will be golfing.
It's you doing that with all your underhanded executive orders. POS.
Do you have zero self-reflection before you speak? People are beginning to worry about you. This disconnected behavior isn't normal.
Stop bashing!!!  We are all AMERICANS.  I'm praying for you and all your advisors. You are placed in a critical time in history.  Positive!
What the hell are you smokin'?  How can you even make that claim?  LOSER - let me count the 3 million ways!
...says the guy who's party is 100% in control of the government and STILL says, just 2 days ago, that a shutdown should happen.
Don't talk about what you are about to do. That's bad karma
actually, dear one, you are the Threat to our National Parks. Please review your actions for evidence.
Who cares about parks when we wint have health care. The water will be polluted and the Russians will own the parks anyway.
Uhm... U control all branches of government man. Wouldn't it b ur fault if that happens?
Either u don't read ur own EO's or you're just lying. Your EO 4/26 says ur the 1 who's looking to shut down Nat'l parks!
Really Donald? Say this as you intend on opening them up to drilling, fracking, and logging. Pathetic.
wow, you are the best liar i have ever heard. remember that executive action you signed that will destroy many of our parks?
yet you defund.
Should have let it shutdown. That way neither the democrats, rinos nor you can continue to destroy America.

1 trillion spending Fuckin shit
Donald, I asked you before but I didn't get a response..please help the SENIOR CITIZENS. THANK YOU
You just tweeted how nice it would be to shut the government down this september.  Please get your lie right.
does this mean at a future date you are going to threaten a government shutdown?
actually, the republicans control the government...so...it is your party's fault...
Your party controls the House and the Senate, bro. If the government shuts down, that's on you. Also, why the hyphen? Learn to use a comma.
At the rate your you are opening the floodgates of pollution on environment, there won't be state parks to visit
You realize then GOP already did this during Obama's tenure right?  For no real reason other than to punish for th ACA. #sad
It's not the Democrats! Its YOU. A$$
Let the DEMs do it. They are using Families and kids once again to scare weak Republicans. #ChicagoThugs
Please, go back to you 'old life'.
You signed an Executive Order which would open up OUR public parks to development! People not as ill informed as you have been since POTUS!
You threaten also to destroy national parks by allowing the Keystone XL pipeline to continue forward, hypocrite.
STOP  LYING ,,,,,you  are  the  cause  of  our  government  possibly  shutting  down ,,,you  are  making  CUTS  left/right
didn't you just say we "needed" a government shutdown?
You've got that backwards- no surprise
You're lying
Americans, be careful in National Parks, where POTUS says you can kill bears and wolves at will now.
Liar liar liar liar!!!
No. Quote "we could use a good government shutdown" Who said that? You did.
This very dangerous, many people, myself included, depend on their SS checks, medicare, etc, this would put those people in grave danger.
OH MY FUCKING GOD. Are you SHITTING ME right now? You just made a tweet saying the government needs a "good shut down." Holy shit.
I dont think you had the right President. Hillary Clinton wasnt good full off lies. Obama also. So who was left. Give him a change.
This is a blatant attempt at misleading Americans, you should be ashamed of yourself. You are the one who put the EPA at risk
u r 1 threatening gov shutdown, u even did it again AFTER this post
u r 1 threatening federal land
Meanwhile you plan to frack the national parks so they become filled with pollution!
The Majority of Americans, who think you're a FAKE President by the way, also recognize a lie when they hear it.
Liar! http://www.keloland.com/news/article/politics/government-needs-a-good-shutdown-frustrated-trump-tweets …
But today you said, shut the government down in Sept.  Make up your mind!  Good Grief
So we're gonna wait for September to #ShutItDown to spare vacation plans? Okie dokie.
Makes no difference, you will kill them with your environment policies, them build treeless golf courses on them.
You mean the same national parks you are destroying with your executive orders? Shame
This is fake news.
#TrumpTranslation: "The @GOP will be shutting down the government and the parks because we have no idea how to govern...but we blame Dems"
Leftists, go have a Diet Coke and braid your hair. There's work to be done by adults
Blaming who????
You are the one pulling funding from the Parks, EPA, healthcare to Miners. Your dementia tweets don't con us
Sir, you are no Teddy Roosevelt, whom I wager, would smack you repeatedly in hopes of awakening you from your delusions.
What the hell????? #sofullofSHIT
The 1's you propose to defund or the 1's you want to un-designate? How will I see them though the oil rigs and mining equipment anyway?

You should Poll MC VACATIONS ON ALL NEWS SITES. MY HUB & I ARE BOTH COLLEGE ED. MARRIED 16 YRS, HOME OWNERS & NEVER HAD 1.
Most Americans can no longer afford to use our national parks anymore due to the massive wealth inequality that has occurred.
