double standard is FULL transparency on HRC and ZERO on you.  Tax returns???
we can't be sure you didn't get any questions until we see all you campaign emails.
Show us all your emails so we can be sure Corey Lewondowski who was paid by u and CNN didn't give u any questions
Just because Sec Clinton has a brain and knows what she's talking about doesn't mean she got the questions ahead of time
thanks to God you've got Twitter. For crying out loud.
.@realDonaldTrump In her book,"Settle for More" @megynkelly writes she learned #Trump had inside info from @FoxNews about the question ...1/
she would ask him at the first primary debate. She confirms that during the campaign, former network chairman Roger Ailes was shilling...2/
for more positive coverage of PEOTUS. She reports that she was "offered gifts" by Trump" clearly meant to shape coverage.#P2 #Hypocrite ..3/
@donlemon @BrookeBCNN @KatyTurNBC @AC360 @ABC @maddow will never talk about the actual emails. Must protect the Dems.
@DSteibing great job Mr president great respect for your work.the left needs to cool down from jo1009@ptd.net
get real trumpy
Usual hyperbole! (2)Qs, she didn't need them,not unusual tho, she's not 1st. Regardless, she still won ALL the debates!
@Olavarriajs CNN needs to  apologize to Trump for that and the recent fake news. @CNN
WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

GET OVER IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Maybe your just jealous because you know she'd have done a BETTER job than you are!
garbage press garbage power democrats all garbage
Dude, you won. You're about to be President. Get the fuck over this shit already. For the love of Tap Dancing Dildo Gods. @realDonaldTrump
I imagine that when the dems get over it we'll be able to "move on".
haha haha hahaha
I believe in you Donald,Congrats President Trump
Mr. President The Deplorables, stand with you. We support you. Give them hell.
I would keep digging up that skeleton, with pictures and graphs like Perot.
Oh, you mean like the millions of $$$ in FREE coverage they gave to you and no one else? Must be fake news
Dude, you won, just stop!
, only person getting a pass (and path to the White House!) from the media is you. The media (left and right) created you.
you're the PEOTUS, soon to be POTUS, start acting like it. #timetobepresidential
he is, DT is trying to tell us how the media just ignored the fact that HC was given the questions beforehand
That was in PRIMARY...but it shouldn't have happened. Trump has up to 100 Illegitimate Electors!! Google it.
You received questions too. This was published.
media would never know the truth/nor tell us . they are evil and generated by evil people with a destroy us agenda
Trump a much bigger liar and scam than any media outlet. Stop buying his BS
oh my well maybe so already 200 plus years of lies and bs so a little more wont really hurt
200 years of lies?? Sounds like you need to find another country.
clearly i dont, since may1,1776 the elite have run politics, media, money, and more i despise them all they ruined us
you need to find a new country. You are brainwashed by fake conspiracy
God will handle it all i do not rely on any person, trump is president and obama may still call martial law see how that helps you
timezones are literally so weird. it's 2017 in the blue states but 1924 in the red states   
.
.
https://twitter.com/TOUCHlT/status/815285355876417536/photo/1pic.twitter.com/5wIRujAvad 
So true! I love this map!
Because they are not really concerned with cyber security but only crony capitalism
There was no pass.Separate issues.I don't want our nation to be attacked by Russia & u should protect us from them.
GRIZZLY STEPPE report has no evidence! Read it - http://tinyurl.com/h4mm3w3    - Why not investigate this report? No evidence
#realproblem
They tried to dry hump you. Never forget that.. They lie,cheat,distort, and misrepresent..
but jail him in 2010 , how pathetic !!
Don’t lie to the American people. Tell the Republicans you won't allow them to cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid!
president Trump we thank you for your truthfulness and honesty and you're out right guts to inform the American people.
try using @realDennisLynch as a trusted broadcaster for your news, he only reports truth like @DiamondandSilk
leaking Lindsay Graham's cell # as revenge, refusing to discuss an ounce of solid policy during the campaign...

No pass. Just the Russian hackers giving you a hand!!
there brain is fried to one cohesive warped mentality
have them a pass on china hacking into is government officials account, but Russia...No . Obama trying to start fires
that's what I say, media cover up 4 @HillaryClinton questions in advance. What about what's in the emails. Real criminal HC
nothing compared to your treason.
buckle up buttercup - you've seen nothing yet! We will fight you till our last breath!
Term limits will drain that swamp!!! love ya
Wait for your intelligence briefing before proving you're a fool.
don't you have homework to do??
Cheeto Head, you're upset. I understand. Really. Feelings hurt. You're not liked by the majority. Fill this out....
you know that President-elect Trump does not read your tweets, right?
Of course! But his stupidity needs to be addressed. His supporters read them too.
Your man is essentially on trial in the public eye for treason. PROVE to us that he's not guilty.
"PROVE to us that he's not guilty."  lmao you never learned how the justice system works in the US, did you
Of course I did. Again, your man is on trial. Prove to us that he's not guilty.
u mean "prove his guilt"? Until then, a man is innocent. srsly never heard "Innocent until proven guilty"??
...calling Obama the founder of ISIS and "crooked Hillary" the co-founder, trying to force Mexico to pay for a wall...
you seriously have a sickness, have you ever state psychiatric care? We have a right to know the answer to this question!
hold a presser release ur tax returns release ur wife's work records tell us ur plan on HC ur a fraud #TheResistance
he doesn't read your tweets 
so what ? I'll voice my opinion as I please who r u w/ur 4 followers ? F*ck outta here mouth breather
LIAR!  I guess you only lie when your lips moved. You are a liar and a fool who will destroy this country.
It must be hard to have to wait for a meeting that will clarify the Russian connection, but pls try. Just a few more days!
.@realDonaldTrump Don, liberals don't know how cnsrvtves think. We know liberals bc since they run higher education, we r educated by them.
someone is setting you up for failure and you don't even see it! Save yourself before it's too late!
AND PUTIN HELPED YOU GET ELECTED TRAITOR! YOU SHOULD BE LOCKED UP FOR TREASON!
andate a la chucha
omg..... You're such a waste of spac.

can't get over you LOST THE POPULAR VOTE? News flash ur losing GOP daily to with your CRAZINESS! Keep up the good work.
you have such a lapse of memory. You received millions of $$ worth of free coverage and still had to cheat to win!
That is why you won! They were lying over and over again.  Corruption,greed.! People are  not that stupid ,as they thought.
...inviting Russia to hack into HRC's emails an international TV, after stressing the confidential nature of said emails...
are you saving Macy's jobs too?
what they did was actual election tampering
AND SHE LOST,,,,,,,AND THE MEDIA IS LEARNING ???
They are the ones creating hate! BLM should become Domestic Terrorism!
don't throw baby out w/bath water- keep the good and replace the bad @SenDeSantis @SenTedCruz @SpeakerRyan @MikePenceVP

get rid of health insurance altogether, leave that to the private sector.
remember when you fucked an empty chair during the debate? That was more disturbing.
In my opinion, this is illegal - corrupting an American Election. Who did this?
Are you still running a campaign?  Sure sounds like it.
So U throwing 14 up too huh??? Damn shame...gang banger for a pres...
You tell the truth
& why r u still lying, #TrumpTheRump. Seems that u r stuck n the mud & want 2 stick America. Go do something good 4 people.
trump is dank
My fellow Mexicans I urge you not to buy Ford cars, let's make they gone for good, buy German, Japanese or Korean cars
You just lie and lie.It's just pitiful. You big orange pitiful baby. Step down,we don't need a lying crybaby for president.
Putin must have some really good stuff on you.
are you kidding?
The banana Republicans are in charge now. Why are you so hung up on campaign? You lost by almost 3MM but still won #nutcase
- you are in bed w the Russians and had knowledge of Russian hacking to steal the election.   U will be the biggest scandal
Clinton did not get debate questions before the debate with you. Check your facts.
you gave them a pass. Loser
quit releasing rabbits for people to chase.  Time for you to start telling the truth.
- you seriously have a sad life with all your tweets. Get out into the real world #Presidentchump
Talk about given a pass Your doing that with Assange. He migh expect you to pardon him He helped you win by destroying DNC
I'm sure they will say the Hackers wrote the emails also ! What about the CONTENT !! It's not just about the hack.
shut up already.
Shut up on Twitter already! Try acting like a President!!
@JoyceGr89853503 tRump got questions from Ailes called Kelly night b4 debate tried to bribe her. Funny U don't mention FACT
The anti-trumpers want to see you FAIL at every level! Please succeed with ALL that you do! You don't need to conform!!
No the pass that the media has given is to you for being a habitual LIAR!
No., They gave U passes to. Lots of them. Next
it's right to attack the Dems because they haven't stopped attacking us Schumer is head clown he deserves it
Are you still living that lie?  Omg DJT you won, move on and stop with this stupid tweeting that won't change that you lost
U still talking bout H? Good diversion tactic the first 1000 times u used it.
Um, quit making stuff up. Or should I say, WRONG.
what do YOU care? Media practically gave you a career.
I know right! She received debate questions, you embraced support of an exiled criminal and a tyrant. Damn media!
Maybe you should try reading your tweets out loud to see if they make sense before posting them.
you have to much time on your hands get a job
your social media is more dishonest than any public media forum. The Nat'l Enquirer is more honest than you. Clown.
Really? Stepien, the number two man in the Bridgegate criminal conspiracy, as your WH political director? Kellyanne's idea?
You got your own Pass with the Crooked FBI and #Putin getting you elected. So shut up and drive!
You don't completely control the media, although you would like to.
Shut up
SO YOU REALLY WANNA TALK DOUBLE STANDARDS AND HYPOCRISY?
Mayors of sanctuary cities will be subject to arrest under Trump. So quit youre posturing.
Maybe health care should be given back to each state. It's only the free/low Income ppl they don't know how to handle.
and when are you releasing your tax records?
Harry Reid invoked the nuclear option.  All of your appointments shoul be approved by simple majority.
Russia gave you a free pass! #growup #bepresidential
not factual. You lie enough people stop listening to you. How's the job prep going?
You really should be careful of the company you keep, Mr. POETUS. Ppl might get the wrong idea!
I think instead of e-mailing their racist comments they should have written it on a piece of paper and sent it by courier.
terrible   So in - American
the question that was n email was about Flints water More like sharing the obvious. Town hall in Flint question bout water
real share Really everyone believing there was question shared needs to read the email. But of course u need sometime to
distract from your behavior: allowing an outside force to interfere in our democracy! The answer is we protect each other
and all info provided should be considered fruit from a poisonous tree!
Sigan comprando Ford!
Still mad at Hillary? #HillaryWon the #PopularVote 
No one respects you. You are #DumbDonald
An embarrassment to America.
please explain why you think the popular vote is relevant at all. Do you not understand why its meaningless
The MAJORITY of Americans CHOSE @HillaryClinton SHE was the WANTED #POTUS 
@realDonaldTrump is a #Loser
And how about Assange and Wikileaks hacking for you and then you saying they are better than the @CIA..
you are so dang delusional. Grow up and put on your grwn up pants
how about  hillary clinton  is smarter than you. # sniff  sniff at the debates #you can't  handle the  pressure
It's really going to be fun to watch you eat crow after U.S. security briefings expose your Russian boyfriend hacked DNC
Your "Movement" means nothing to us... That you got elected shows how upset people are with the gridlock.
blah blah blah. Stop deflecting Trump. We are not falling for your shallow diversions. Grow up.
can you please give 1 example of a country where YOU believe the Media functions(ed) properly? Any era/place..
Obama urges Americans to uphold U.S. Values the problem is that HUMAN VALUES are UNIVERSAL  a fact in a MULTIPOLAR world.
The Dems are so busy being Crooked that they act recklessly. You get careless when you spend your career scamming. #MAGA
please speak out about disabled man kidnappee yesterday we need you
#MAGA #boycottTrumpinauguration #PUTINGATE #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH @rosie
Wait a second here!   You had @megynkelly questions ahead of debate!  How is that different?
wellmyfriendsTRUMpENCE& & &urÏÑœvèrwòrks donewith! EwE; eWe'/æåII££ll made itin ther. there:   

trumptweetVStvmediastvstv
Hillary was given 1 question. So were U. You were told that Megyn Kelly would question you about your treatment of women.
Why haven't you responded to ALLLL allegations against YOU? Taxes, Russia, etc. Why are you still in campaign mode? #GrowUp
The media have won their catastrophic loss of prestige.
Ah yes, the double standard is very applicable here...
And it's in the past. Let it go Donald. Let it go!
for gods sake you won the election. Man up and get over it! You're about to be #potus .. friggen act like it!! Ugh
good morning donald
"The lady doth protest too much, methinks." Why don't you get some balls and just say "we won"?
http://www.bestpayingptcsites4.blogspot.com 
show your tax returns! Media is giving you a huge pass.

I HOPE YOU GET TO A POINT YOU STOP WHINING ABOUT THE MEDIA. IT IS GETTING OLD. TIME TO FIND A NEW EXCUSE.
it's about time the media gets called on their reporting. We need a free press but we need a fair one too
That was against Sanders, not you. You're aware of this, right? That was one person's decision.
By.        I agree the media was very unfair,
that's why I ignore them, they Lie !
STOP TWEETING
I am sure you should be doing more important things than tweeting nonsense.
IDOTS
trump keeps cancelling press conferences!  TRUMP CAN'T ANSWER QUESTIONS!  chicken! SAD!  #trumpTRAITOR  #trumpPUTINpuppet
Stop fighting everyone and lead the nation!
Keep your mind stayed on God and he will keep u in perfect peace.
Get over it for God Sake! Election is Over! Govern, Time to give Hope to Americans @cnn
don't give them a pass Mr President. Give them hell. We won. Our movement will live forever.
have you kept track of all the passes you have gotten since your dramatic  ride the day you said you were running ,CONMAN
