These people just don't get the radical Islamic state doesn't care about the Paris accord! They hate u. Wake up dopey liberals
Terrorist attack on London Bridge. & these are the people that we have to listen to about climate when they can't even control there borders
And the feminized men of England retreat to their teas.
Well I guess a retweet is better then hearing what stupid shit you have to say.
Thanks Don I am sure all your fake bot accounts will appreciate you retweeting this.
Oh, sod off Donald, RTing news like a bloody ghoul, you're the president of the USA, you offer support/help you stupid prick.
You really are just so basic
Such Hate! Where are we going?
With Macron of  MAKE OUR PLANET GREAT AGAIN
Ooh look! News that paints Muslims in a bad light!! QUICK TURN ATTENTION TO THE CLIMATE!!!
It's Drudge, not news.
What do you refer to as Drudge?
This is an irresponsible tweet. And Drudge Report is not a news source.
Drudge, Infowars, Etc more widely read than the "mainstream media" @realDonaldTrump is correct to RT Drudge.
Bambi has been read more than both and it's not a true story. The president shouldn't retweet anything before confirming from IC. #SAD
Drudge collages different news sources, not sure what the big deal is. Frankly it's refreshing that a President reads widely!
John F. Kennedy read widely. George H.W. Bush read widely. Donald Trump needs his diapers changed if briefings aren't filled with pictures.
Trump never was, is, or will be a politician. He won't give rehearsed sound bites and smooth talk. He speaks from his heart. Deal with it!
Dementia.
He's a politician by virtue of the fact he's the PRESIDENT and campaigning to win again. Only politicians run in political campaigns.
Londonistan is falling to pieces. Not only did they elect a Muslim mayor, they open their doors to the criminals.  They've made their bed...
You are an embarrassment. Please keep golfing if there is a terror attack in the US ever. Please keep golfing anyway. Can't tweet and golf.
This is starting to become funny
People die as these English cowards hide. Where would the EU be without the US? Perhaps if they hadn't signed away their rights to guns...
How does you retweeting this help?
How does you asking a question help? #autismspeaks #itscalledlettingpeopleknow
Very sad. Another attack on England. 20 run over, many stabbed. Prayers for England.


UPDATE: Witness saw a van drive into pedestrians at London Bridge & 3 men carrying knives jump out & attack people
May GOD be with and comfort and strengthen ALL that is involved
Gods message is to send them ALL back to were they come from.
This is pathetic.  The Drudge Report.  *sigh* that's sad-!!
That were born on our own soil. I am more afraid of you, the police, and inbred fucker's that have a chip on their shoulders because

Hope everyone is watching this cause this will be the US if the libs get their way. They won't be able to blame the Pres either but will try
You stoke fear for your own gain, shame on you.
Stoke fear? Let me guess man made climate change is real.
VAN OF PEACE STRIKES AGAIN.  Let me guess, another muslim?
Just keep stoking the fires of fear and hate. That will distract the weak from criticizing you. Doing the terrorists' job for political pts
I am so sorry to all their victims and their families during this extremely tough times
I give the English people condolences on behalf of the United States government considering it will take days for trump to say it himself
London bridge is falling down.

This is irresponsible.
Who do you trust Mr president your government or drudge?
Drudge report. Fake news. Tell us when you have a legitimate source reporting on something. Not some right wing rag jerking you off
#FakeNews #Impeach45
This is totally inappropriate for you to retweet this.   But then again they are not likely to call and share info since we know you blab
People in power are driven by their ego. It affects their decision making. Just follow their decisions, you will know the person
Oh please, stop tweeting garbage sites
way to be presidential.
The fact you RT Drudge Report should automatically disqualify you from any leadership position in America
How quickly you Retweeted this, but took you a week to acknowledge a white man stabbing ppl in a hate crime in your own country. Sad

Travel stops of person who wants to enter/re-enter US needs 2 b focus. Can book ingress n egress via any country that has radical Muslims.
Stand with our president @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
How's that temporary pause on immigrants from dangerous regions look now? Idiots. #MAGA 
It looks like we really need it! Don't you think!
It isnt time for fear, but steel resolve. You wont find it in Europe though.
Wrong! We shall overcome
The London mayor said you guys have to get used to terrorism. I guess you guys don't want to overcome anything.
No he didn't. Read what he said properly .
He said that terrorist attacks are part of life in a big city. In other words it's the normal. How can you interpret it any other way?
He also said Donald Trump's negative rhetoric about Muslims is helping Isis.
Because we should send terrorists love and gifts before they blow our children up!
The question is how do u stop them. This is the hard part. Trump seems to be Isis's biggest recruiter .
Im more worried about white men with assult rifles
Call this out - NO Prob- VA not so much- american soil- oh well- sad
Pay attention people!
This is the #FakeNews #FakePresident #Loser favorite intelligence agency.   This and Alex Jones #AnotherLoser
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Fears of new terror attack after van 'mows down 20 people' on London Bridge......
And I'm sure, as usual, the terrorist was a Presbyterian.
Psalm 20:4
May He grant you according to your heart’s desire, And fulfill all your purpose.
I appreciate your tweets very much..Thank you !
Glad to know and GOD Bless you Debbie!
i don't
GOD Bless you too!
This report is largely false. Please don't retweet unsubstantiated rumours, especially if you are President of the USA.
No it isn't?
At 0025hrs 4/6/17 the incidents at #LondonBridge & #BoroughMarket were declared as terrorist incidents.
Ahhhh yes....nothing like the Fear Monger in Chief RTing Drudge after a terrible incident of unknown sources.
This is what your upset about? Your pathetic!
We dont want this in America.
The mayor in London said that citizens have to get used to terrorism. They don't want them but they're not doing anything to stop it.
Please tell me what they're doing to stop it. There is only one way to stop it. Peace and love isn't going to stop them.
There is no definite solution. But the best we can do is be honest with muslims. This is an Islamic problem. I want a travel ban.
Why are you retweeting drudge, you stupid asshole?
Nothing changed after Westminster. 

Nothing changed after Manchester. 

This will continue to happen until something changes.
You do know who your title? Your job? First your cronies leak info on Manchester & then you quote the Drudge Rpt here? Opportunist in chief
our president follows drudge report.  and rt's it
So Donald Trumps reactiion is to diminish democracy and let the terrorist win. I remind all you dull witted conservatives.

drudge report is such a fake news fraud, figures you would retweet. yu are a russian traitor and you know what happened to benedict arnold
Retweeting Drudge? Seriously? Very precedential. LOSER
England was bombed daily during WWII. I'm sure 3 murderers with knives and a truck can't mow down their spirits.
Perfect.
Brits aren't cowards, Donald. Neither are we. You're not going to scare us into submission.
this is what Trump is trying to stop. All of these attacks came from all the refugees they let in they brought it on themself
Evil losers ! That'll learn em
@realDonaldTrump This says everything about you and your fake presidency.
Damn man!
Why would you tweet drudge?
This has to be a horrible
backwards-world dream.
Two attacks in two weeks...sounds real to me!
DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF/
My condolences  to the bereaved
U colluded w/ Russians 2 rape free elections, raped a 13 year old in the 90's, & are raping the poor of life sustaining care. Impeach Hitler
Keep doing the terrorists job of inciting new fears without any intelligence briefings. #SAD
Sad!
Drudge Report - seriously old Donny boy??? Talk about fake news!  Top fear propaganda by the current Regime.  That is what you do.
this thread has some of the worst people I've ever seen. Shame on you.
Fears? They are doing Nothing seriously to stop it completely
Really? Drudge Report? You're the president you could source 1000s of better sources than this dribble.
@realDonaldTrump Hahahaha!! Drudge Report. Hahaha! #Pathetic
I congratulate @realdonaldtrump on his election to the Presidency of the United States of America.I wish him success in his country
Perhaps you need to pin this tweet before you retweet or commment. #
Oh I Covfefe'd the commment.
Pathetic. Matt Drudge is a joke. Right up there with Infowars & Breitbart. You aren't very smart are you. No wonder you are uninformed.
Lol u are retweeting from this account, u are such a submoron!
Take appropriate action to defuse this problem
Liars propaganda stop fear tactics
Really a PRESIDENT TWEETING a quote from a RAG like Drudge Report??? Have you no pride?
CONSERVATIVES (who are frail and scared of a lot all the time) fears new terror attacks.
Ramadan? Ram a Van more like, straight into innocent people
What a peaceful religion!
Is it from DRUDGE REPORT Trump gets his Intel? Then GOOD BLESS THE WORLD.
I think the saying in London government  was "Get used to it."
"Fear" that's your only way to Try to get your bills passed! Such a disgrace!
Terrorize the paranoid and ignorant.

Trump is a traitor!
That's very sad 7 ppl were killed in the attack... So how many babies were aborted last week in Manchester?
Try thinking for yourself for a change!!

President retweeting a far right's unconfirmed report is beyond pathetic. Shaming Presidency with every tweet
https://youtu.be/YqLA59y_c5I 
#UFOHDTV #PARANORMALACTIVITY 
#MAREZUCKERBERG &#AMERICA 
#RECIEVE A FREE CD COMPLIMENTS
OF https://www.instagram.com/p/BUhoeENjxhC/ 
So you were briefed. Leaked it to Drudge or RT's Drudge which is basically confirmation .You should not be allowed  intelligence briefings
That's your 1st reaction? A shameless plug for Alt-Right #FakeNews? @POTUS you continue to amaze. I.Q. plunge continues. Get help. #resist
Donnie, you're a callous, uncaring excuse of a man.
President Trump you MUST DROP THE HAMMER ON TERRORISM...NOW!!USA...USA...USA
Release your tax returns.
Whose going to tuck you and Donny in at night?
Release your tax returns.
This must be a very leftist audience, always arguing and creating dissension. America has spoken, unless you want ISIS here, BACK OFF!!!
DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF;
DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF?
Haha - terrorists don't even think the US is worth attacking anymore
@realDonaldTrump so instead of confirming this with the IC first, he retweets it. Jesus christ
DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF.
Mr. 38% you could chose to retweet hundreds of news stories about this tragic event. You chose to validate slime.
Send in tanks
Stunned that you chose to retweet this absurd "news" outlet. Insensitive to the people of London & not presidential in the slightest.
The fact that you use this as a news source is pretty fucking frightening donny...
And now you stoop even lower.  Retweeting the Drudge?  Talk about Fake News!
Drudge report is not factual news. #fake news Trump!
Lol, you and your minions rage against "fake" news, then retweet the OG of fake news. Priceless stupidity.
#fakenews source

We need the 'travel ban' and 'extreme vetting' NOW
What president retweets bullshit like the Drudge Report? Start acting like a leader instead of a fringe white supremacist in the woods.
You forgot to retweet when the car mowed down 23 people in Times Square.
Only an ignoramus like you would give this "news" source any head.
About time we have an Alpha male in office. No more pussyfooting around the evils of radical Islam or the moderates who do nothing
delete you hate filled account

Stop using the fear of society in favor of your political interests. This seems to be your only political strategy and it's sad. #respect
We need extreme veting
#drudgereport ?? You're fucking kidding!!
Drudge report= really stupid bullshit!
Xenophobia is alive and well in this once GREAT country. Can't we be real instead of listening to a so called apprentice? Fear is power!
Making American Look Stupid Again!
This is what you use as a credible news source?????????????
The world appreciates the condolences in your very first tweet. Oh. sorry, none, it was drudge report, not leadership. You suck.
How walking outhouse is getting news from drudge report very sadly
I'm 100% for president TRUMP

It's called fact check stupid
Not "fake news" when you tweet it. You both are ignorant hacks.
This is President Trump watching every move the world makes!USA...USA...USA
The force of evil needs us to be vigilant at all times.  I am so happy that are President understands it.
Wow! Declaring it a terrorist attack before London does! Is everything a terrorist attack to you??  Playing up to your own rhetoric??
LONDON MAYOR"  TRAVEL BAN IS USELESS. IT IS LIKE BUYING A HAMMER AND THEN LOOKING FOR SOMETHING TO NAIL" MR.TRUMP MUST LOOK INSIDE THE USA.
A president that follows right wing tabloid blogs scares me.
meanwhile, 90 per day are killed in America with firearms - CRICKETS!
You are absolutely incompetent. Could you please just step down and let a real adult take over. #DeleteYourAccount
Yup, we have  a unique way 2 locate radical muslims & could take chunks @ a time. Ramp it up! 
#TRUMP save America from this abomination of the world.. the horror of it .. the vicious snake you spoke of Potus.. how do they not see it?!

your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
