Is that why David Duke praised the words of @realDonaldTrump?
The KKK was starred by the Democrat party! #AltLeft is The KKK aka the Democrats!
*Started
This is intellectually dishonest & ignores the ideological flip-flop that Dem & Rep parties underwent in the late 19th/early 20th century.
Yes, Southern white supremacy operated out of the Dem Party starting in the 19th century but the party started attracting northern libs 1/?
Creating ideological fiction. Liberals won, the Dem party started to support civil rights & drove conservative (esp southern) whites out 2/?
These conservative whites realigned with the Republican party. Here's a history lesson: http://nym.ag/WiBGeX  3/3
I guess multiple CEOs had no idea either.
Fake News statement. Okay, one instance he did condemn them, but what about his comments from the day before. What do his words really mean?
True, but then he turned around and severely contradicted himself and then pardoned a known racist/bigot. MSM does BALANCED reporting
RT @Harlan: Watching MSM you would have no idea @realDonaldTrump clearly, unambiguously &amp; repeatedly condemned the b...
However you didn't do enough to condemn the illegal liberals who attacked a peaceful, government sanctioned, legally, organised rally.
I don't know any MSM; but I get all of your failures on MSN daily.  They tell the truth about you.  You answer them with your fake WH news.
Hope you are eating your words after yesterday?
Naive who favor 1 activist over other, advisestay out of it. These groups are paid terrorists theres no 'peaceful' in US protests now
True
Watching @realDonaldTrump, you would have a great idea of how he called white supremacists "very fine people." #Impeach45
And who has been fueling all this?  #ArrestGeorgeSoros
I force myself 2watch MSN just 2 let it sink in that there r really folks that BELIEVE Media hate & act it out
Sad
Like @SenJohnMcCain renounced neo nazis? Svoboda!
It's good to turn away from MSM but not if you're just replacing it with unsubstantiated feelpinions based news that is never based in fact.
Do you condone violence and murder?
I watched live - did not rely on any media interpretation. POTUS has no moral compass. His true colors shine brightly!
From this point on, the MSM has become the alt-left fake media. "ALFM"!
Um, actually pretty ambiguous. Never said the words Nazi, white supremacy, alt-right. He has no problem naming others.
@bradcadwallader @realDonaldTrump 

I can't watch MSN it gives me brain damage!
Oh Donny boy, u r so lost..........wasn't even a good try!
MSM and some weak-kneed Republicans, which is disheartening.
He didn't he's part of it
That's the point, Harlan
They want you to learn through their chosen filter 

#Narrative
Turn off the HATE @CNN fake & hateful & NOT news

Got that backwards but it's OK we understand that you are being fed Hate & division from the corrupt Obama/Hillary democrats
Look up irony...you're FULL OF IT.
He did?  I must have been sleeping.
It wasn't clear and it wasn't unambiguous.
The crew the night before w/ torches chanting blood&soil &Jews will not replace us, are not really a bunch of "innocent" folks as DT stated
Can you point to that specific tweet??!!  Might have missed it

Black Lives Matter: A COINTELPRO Black Op Set Up to Destabilize U.S. Society http://gay-mafia.beforeitsnews.com/alternative/2016/07/black-lives-matter-a-cointelpro-black-op-whose-leader-belongs-to-the-gay-mafia-3383858.html … ORGANIZED CHAOS 4 RACE WAR !
The white nationalist protests took place on Saturday
Donald Trump didn't condemn the KKK, neo-Nazis & white supremacists until Monday
Why did it take him so long? What was he waiting for?
Gathering FACTS instead of propaganda!
He fell short by not naming the white supremacists, Nazis,&KKK. They are not morally equivalent to the protesters
What protesters?. All I saw was the KKK, ANTIFA, and BLM. None of which have morals.
MSM has made itself irrelevant; most seek the 'truth' elsewhere; those who believe them are the ones who didn't vote for Trump; no gain...
What was the truth? Asked to condemn, didn't name them, now there are two sides? Nazis get the chance to go mainstream? Cmon man
While some disagree, he did condemn violence, just not specific hate groups. If he can condemn Radical Islamic terrorists, why not Nazis?
Clean the ear wax the next time the Great President speaks snowflake dougy
Yes but many ppl around the  heard Trump . Myself included many are satisfied with what he spoke of. DEM's & MSM are lucifers disciples.
He condemed it! So they condemned him! They hate him without a cause. Why didn't no one condemn Hillary who's mentor was a know Klan member?
Get over the lost of that Satanic ship going down! Left views left turn. Leftover  hangouts!
I grew up with the Klan operating banks store's doctor offices hospitals etc. No one can tell me anything about them! The President called
Them out name by name years ago. He is not a rascist.Ti continue this narrative of false accusations is wrong! You look up the tape it's
Documented. Trust me I know how the Klan operayes. Mr Trump our President is a fair man. He hates wrong. For the media the country to try to
Make him out to be something else use everything against him is just as corrupt as the Klan and also the political mafia bullys. Its not
The left are deaf to the truth!
Can't be deaf when youare reading QUOTE FOR QUOTE from the horse's mouth
A picture is worth a thousands words-2010!
Correct There were 3 groups in CV-WS (legally) BLM& Antifa (Illegally).He condemned ALL of them.Not like Obama who blamed police in Ferguson
It is really funny how the only tweets to the POTUS shown are people brainwashed to support him.
Looks like Nancy and Ryan are finally figuring it out...15 days later.
Then turned around and blamed both sides. Pretty indecisive if you ask me. He's a racist. Open your eyes.
No he didn't, @Harlan - spin all you like but the entire world can see @realDonaldTrump for the undisguised racist he has always been.
Since he didn't condemn them AT ALL, your post is a LIE. trump gave them a small slap on the wrist then RETRACTED even that much!
Yeah but he had to think long and hard about whether or not Nazi's are bad. Didn't want to make any hasty statements.
 
You are absolutely right. The Media is useless now that President TRUMP is in office.  OMFG, they were just like this with Obama. NOT!
You are both the worst
U would think they would've at this point, he reread his statements nice & slow last night even a baby should've gotten it at this point 
You don't know from MSM, Police told to stand down because mayor knew Antifa was being bused in to fight.
The were NOT Trump Supporters.
That's all lies.
They are anti Trump!!! Never report correctly!!! Don't watch!!
He covered all groups with a blanket statement.  You never hear the left denounce the hate group ANTIFA
Against fascists like Hitler and Lenin because they are evil men. Trump's an example of how they got in power. It's hard to remove them.
Even @FoxNews fell into line with the narrative. Not fair & balanced when only one side is condemned. Had to turn them off.
Then who told the police to stand down and walk away from the rally?
It does matter who told the cops to standown cause that would have prevented this, but you people just wanna hide that and blame it on the r
Yeah ok @harlan, by saying there were "very nice people" at the #WhiteSupremacist rally? Got it!
Oh, I didn't realize you knew everyone there. You can personally say that everyone was not very nice, you should let the MSM know
Dear @RealRoseTaylor -MSM already knows that when people carry #NAZI flags they're not nice people. Watch ->
Awww you have no idea as to the actual reason they were carrying the flag. How sweet. Good assuming there bud. Now get off my timeline
Ummm, you invaded MY timeline @RealRoseTaylor.  #NaziSympathizer
Negative. You showed up on mine by replying to something I retweeted. Shoe Cat
No  because it's under construction
The only thing he was clear about was trying to blame both sides. He condemned (or whatever) bigotry, racism, and violence, but he gave the white supremacists a pass. He did NOT condemn Neo-nazism or white supremacists by name. Why alienate HIS BASE?
And yet David Duke and The Daily Stormer are praising Trump
I advise everyone to turn off the news. The media is trying to incite us. Ignore them.
And took it back yesterday
They will always rebel against the truth. Praying for our President.  Be steadfast. Don't give the coup the upper hand.
Trump was right to call out the violence as well from the anti-fa. I dont agree with even the fox news narrative that he shouldnt have.....
DJT was ambiguous on day 1. Day 2 he begrudgingly  blamed 3 hate groups. Day 3 he blamed the ppl that were attacked.
@POTUS Victims have a RIGHT to defense with equal or greater force against the Aggressors. The torchlit march on eve was to instigate evil.
Y didn't #obama condemn violence of #ww2 vets beaten by #altleft #antifa gangs of #nazis at #trumprallys !  MEDIA #CNN is #fakenews #MAGA
Listening to Donald Trump on Tuesday, he said there were some really fine people holding Tiki torches on Friday night. 4 Days to say that?
Because he didn't. They report truth.
Brilliant satire! Thanks, we need humor in these dark times.
They also have no idea whats coming in 2018 and 2020. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
He clearly stated then he back pedaled and said both sides were at fault which is allowing Nazis to feel justified in their actions.
By back pedaling the way he did he negated his previous claim and legitimized Nazis being violent hateful bigots.
No he came out and said they're pretty nice guys
Does it take a long time to digest that bullshit, or does it just run right through you like shit through a goose?
If you have ears, you know he did!  You know the truth!  #MAGA!
Problems on both sides. On the #FakeNaziPresident @POTUS side and on the side of the people who elected that disgrace of human being
Clearly, Trump Cool-Aid loaded troops are in his delusional world! Just listen to what OTHER mature GOPers are saying - that Trump SHOULD!
Because he didnt
I watched his statements not the news report and he did not do so. In fact David Duke & white supremacists were happy with what he said.
No idea he did those things because he DIDN'T do those things.
That's because he didn't do any of those things. Try & keep up.
That's because THAT'S NOT WHAT HE DID. He said they were great people, and got THANKS from the KKK and Alt Right leaders for it.

Funny how Unite the Right Freedom of speech rally became White Supremacists after being attacked by blm and antifa 
I watched AND-you did not... loser Trump!
Well now @realDonaldTrump clearly, unambiguously & singularly condemned the violence in #Barcelona but not in #Charlottesville. Why is that?
Watching MSM you would clearly see The Donald try his best to defend Nazi, colluded with Russia, lies about everything. sad sad sad
Because it wasn't unambiguous, obviously
The Q is, did he really?
Please look up the word "unambiguously." You are using it wrong.
But see. What about the white Christen. We are sick of being called haters. Bigots. Kkk. They are eracing our History. There is so much.
Mr President. These morons cant break or take you down. God has your back. I will say this. I get cursed and threatened.
Calked vulgar names. My life threatened. And the worts of it because i am a christen. The Lord said if you deny me I will deny you.
So what is God a hater. Or a bigot. Because he speaks against homo marriage . abortions. And all the ugly the media and ATIFA stands for.
I was listening to Trump speak too. He said there were many "fine people" out there with the white supremacists.
I know there is a such thing as "rose colored glasses" but maybe you have some kind of special shit filter in your speakers or earbuds?
Because I didn't.  U B U.  Or well, I guess I did if you mean condemning the bigotry and violence of what I call the alt-left aka not Nazis.
That's because he did not. #ImpeachTrump
Of course not, liberals need racism to win elections, they have no policies that haven't failed miserably.
One bright thought, the libs can't win with all this B.S. and no more illegal or dead voters, plus the lazy libs can't get to the polls...
Refusing to condemn the alt-right is the same as supporting the KKK AND WHT SUPREMACISTS (fake nationalists) IN AMERICA, NO ONE IS SUPREME!
Actually, watching what he REALLY said.... No, he didn't unambiguously condemn this Nazi trash. #EpicFailure
Both Trump & Sarah need magaphones to use every time they're forced to repeat themselves, showing compassion for the hearing impaired MSM.
After he didn't, or before he didn't again?
Watching @realDonaldTrump you are left with the knowledge that he clearly & unambiguously tolerates and/or supports bigotry & violence

#sad
Sir, his comments were LIVE and there was no mistaking what he said. Rather than condemn, he praised the people committing these acts.
It was very clear to me, my family & my coworkers that Donald is siding with white supremacists because he's a racist himself!
FOX was outraged too so you're just making shit up.
On Monday, but on Tuesday he went all "I'm a Nazi" and crushed and credibility. #NaziTrump #NazisInTheWhiteHouse #ImpeachTrumpNow #Failure
Fox is making an ASS out of themselves. Libs getting a free pass.  @trish_regan is a fool.  Can't understand difference in slavery 1800 up
Because he didn't. When he went off his very carefully produced script, we saw his true self -  And it is not that of a leader or uniter.
I think you're missing evidence
after the 2nd attempt and then spoke his heart on the 3rd try. should people oppose racism and Nazism with everything they have?
That's why so many of us don't watch the MSM.  Its Fake News.
@TRobinsonNewEra @realDonaldTrump However, #Soros and #Sarsour are behind / funded the behind the scenes creators.
#DONALDTRUMPPIECEOFSHIT

#DONALDTRUMPISNOTLEGIT

#DONALDTRUMPPIECEOFSHIT

#DONALDTRUMPISNOTLEGIT

#TrumpIsEvil

#TrumpIsEvil 

#TrumpIsEvil
No, we would have no idea because that is not what he said.
"...repeatedly condemned the bigotry & violence in Charlottesville. And I say that clearly, even with Trumps dick in my mouth."
Then he immediately walked it back because he is a Nazi sympathizer.


More
Great Parody Vid Part 2

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously…
Unambiguously and repeatedly showed that he is a racist and a liar. Trump is a disgrace to the nation and the presidency.
Oh, we heard him,but we really listened and saw how each word was dragged out of him,then we saw him become unhinged yesterday.True colors.
did he though?
He did not.
Yea...not quite.  Maybe the 4th try you'll get it right.
Same in UK news and the politicians here are telling bare faced lies about it.
Unfortunately, that is where most of us get our news... So we come to Twitter to hear it from the horses mouth, as it were... :)
We all knew you weren't hacked haha you clearly support Trump
Because he DID NOT!!! DUMMY! #FireTrump #Resistance
Because he did not

If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future. 
~Winston Churchill
#KRT = worthy of 1000 retweets. Your succinct comments well worth the 14 #KRT you've received!
Nope he didn't. I watched it all. #ImpeachDonaldTrump
Trump is a Nazi sympathizer.  If you support him then YOU are a Nazi sypathizer also!  No racism, Nazis, Rebels!
talked around bigotry, violence without once-and-for-all, completely and definitely denouncing  Neo-Nazism, White Separatist, KKK Alt-Right
Because he didnt
Repeatedly? Yes. Clearly/unambiguously? Then you must be thinking of John McCain's much better, more presidential statement.
#trumpmustgo
Condemning bigotry and violence in Charlottesville is not the same thing as condemning white supremacists and their views.
Everyone condemns violence... Trump spins like the alt left is at fault instead of saying the words-white supremacy is UnAmerican
We know he did. I think we all need to stop giving the left any attention at all, including reporting on their insanity.Focus on job at hand
That's because he didn't.
#MAGA #AmericaFirst #DrainTheSwamp #Trump2020 #IStandWithTrump #PrayForAmerica #PrayForTrump
Watching Harlan wear a bowtie you would have no idea that white supremacists would let him hang out in their Nazi treehouse.
agreed! His original statement was great and covered EVERYTHING! No need to specifically call out "neo nazis" when ALL bigotry was condemned
Oh did you get that from fake FOX News or Infowars?
Exactly correct. We have Freedom of Speech in America and right to assembly. Media trying to replace it with their brand of morality!
Just like you'd have no idea that McAuliffe had his police stand down and now wants to destroy  all Confederate monuments in Virginia!

How can you say this?  they didn't need to report what he said...we saw him say it! If you call THAT Fake News then Potus is responsible!!
Could not have been more clear.
Except he didn't, then he did, then he walked it back in the disasterous "press conference".  Get a grip on reality.
After days of ridicule.
Then walked it back... #PrezLoser
@realDonaldTrump Got a great idea ...  Let big mouth @SenSchumer chucky handle all resist groups . Like he has all the answers lol
Haha. Nice try loser.
Another conservative to afraid to admit #ConManDon was wrong. Stop being politically correct and call him what he is a racist
... all the rest of the times you tried to place blame on the supposed "alt-Left" and the counter-protesters. You also lied about ...
He "condemned" it on Monday because he was forced to do so. His body language screamed out how uncomfortable he was with the words.
On Tuesday, he let loose some of his true feelings. However, he still "condemned" white supremacists. If he hadn't, he would've lost it all.
He supports them. He retweets their racist pictures & comments. His admin supports them. They voted for him. They support him.
It was never a true condemnation. He doesn't want to lose the only supporters he has left. They WANT violence and bloodshed. So does he.
And now he's back to supporting it.
Lame media and lying opposition cannot stand the fact that Mr Trump speaks the truth in his own style
And he took all of that back on Tuesday
@FoxNews is Mainstream Media. You people don't make any god damn sense.
Watching his speech on YouTube, I didn't get that idea either. It is the President's own words which make it unclear.
I wasn't watching MSM.  What the asshole said was, I stand with the KKK and white supremacy.  That is what is in his heart.
So much so that the Nazis praised him for it!! They were so clearly, unambiguously, and repeatedly condemned by Trump that they thanked him.
side that "opposes racism & bigotry" shut down speeches by Coulter, Heather MacDonald, @charlesmurray, Milo, violently, with masks & weapons
Right. Screaming people - including media who can't get over it - are too stupid to understand that hate groups includes BLM, KKK, etc.
...and then he ruined it with that "both sides" bullshit AGAIN!
No he didn't. Don't try to gaslight us. It won't work. Got eyes, can see, got ears, can hear, got phone, can film.
wrong
