
Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
Yeah and Bill Clinton was paid $500.000 for a 30 speech by Russia. I would like to get paid that much for 30 minutes.
That is what retired leaders of all countries do. The speakers circuit is nothing to do with anything!
But when his wife is running for president at the same time don't you think that could be considered the same? He could been influencing the
#BringObamaBack
More #FakeNews from the @POTUS
Mr President I'm praying for you because that's what my bible tells me to do I'm praying that you will stop telling lies repent be a Man! !
Keep praying brother, but don't delude yourself that Trump will change and become a decent person. Trump only knows win-loose!
While I support any parent defending their child, downplaying the seriousness of the Russia meeting does not do you credit.
A GOOD parent would make this a teachable moment yet he was doing what you would do! How can U teach when you were never taught right/wrong

The only way a loyal Anerican would go to that meeting would be to wear a wire provided by the FBI.
#DonJr was forced to release his incriminating emails because of the investigation that started when you confessed to obstruction on tv
So Don Jr releasing his emails was caused by the DEMOCRATS?
Sources say the president is lying
Every Christian that knows what's going on spiritually needs to be praying for a president in our country
"...as PART OF Russia and it's government's support of Mr. Trump." That's what the email says. What are the other parts of their support?
Hey, #KompromatTrump, it was ur SONNY BOY who "took meeting" w/Russian co-conspirator - no DISINFORMATION, no #FakeNews calls - #TRAITORS!
You talk a good game but can't handle the pressure when put up against adversaries. Putin's puppet. Moscow influenced election in YOUR favor
evidence keeps coming. Rus lawyer given Visa by Lynch B Clinton Podesta even Claire McCaskill $ tied 2 Rus bank $ laundering Set up DT Jr
You need yo get Jared a pencil with eraser make it easier for him when he has to change his form again. What's it up to four now?
HA! Between you and your son, the prison walls are waiting. Even Jared is going! Hopefully, your other family members will be next! #Treason
"We The People" agree and wish for these corrupt players to actually be held accountable!

Way to handle meeting the First Lady of France. So classy. Hard to let go of her, huh?
contrasted with the daily tone and liberal bias of the news media, the president's accomplishments are huge!
POTUS policies contributed BIGLY to growth in jobs, U.S. economy, stock market. Americans workers benefit from

Yes. And YOU think Washington Times is "real news." I tell myself I'm gorgeous everyday. Does NOT make it so.  Wash Times=,fake news.
The National Review states we would have to ignore a shitload of evidence to believe this is a witch hunt! http://amp.nationalreview.com/article/449480/donald-trump-russia-witch-hunt-narrative-hard-believe …
Obama had his own personal Russian, Dmitri Alperovich
@Potus So did (left leaning ) Snopes fact checker, called the left out for being liars since your Inauguration
Keep your good work and never let thoses crazy democrate get you down.

I tried to tell you; but why listen to me? I'm not Hamilton. I'm A Hamilton Spirit.

#ThatsHowWeResist @GOP @DNC #ResistTrump…
Fake News?
That statement is asinine.  The disinformation was against #HillaryClinton and Pro-Trump. You used Russia TO GET ELECTED. #ImpeachTrumpNow
You're doing a tremendously great job , thank you for your hard work. Oh and YOU DID win the popular vote!
Harvard study suggests up to 5million votes. Fraudulent .
Love it

Ha ha ha. Shour.
look at McCains fake drossier. that guy should have been arrested along with Director Comey his accomplice
They brought you up, they will bring you down. Don't blame democrats.
Hahahaha!!!!!
It's called an attempted coup and it's time to stop it.
We all know you masterminded every aspect of collusion with #Russia, but as a serial liar and a coward, you will never admit it.

For every bad deed do the Democrats, is born a false allegation against our @POTUS. Dem party needs a flushing & liberals need deprogramming
Just when I think I have heard the stupidest crap you can come up with, you surprise me again. You could not possibly be any more pathetic.
no USA state willing to meddle evil acts of O n H, even they are unable to report a crime: not turning evidence of voters over (4/against?)
Can you read? That is not what they wrote!
Congratulations for outing the Trump dossier containing some of the crap he did in Russia ...
Blaming others for your mishaps Donny ? Playground move!
Unite, unite, unite.  You divide us!
END IT CORRUPT MSM,  HANNITY  HAS THE BEST REAL RESEARCH.........EDUCATE  YOUR SELK DEM MAFIA MSM
Don't worry Mr. President. Real Americans see through the democrats, lies. They're truly transparent now.
Can't wait to see your family go down like dominoes.
We didnt need the Wash.Times to tell us the Dems are a den of vipers WITH NO ECONOMIC PLAN OR ANY OTHER REAL WORTH.
Twist it: Trump team used Russia and Russian info to get Donald elected. There it is. Boom. Don Jr. admits it. Btw, you knew about meeting.
Give'em Hell MY President And Stay True To Your Promises And Agenda...God Bless You And Stay Faithful To Jesus!
They can stick there Moscow shit up there ass!The media thinks if they repeat it enough we will believe it!That will never happen!
This was the #Democrats excuse to bug #TrumpTower #FISA #LYNCH #OBAMA #DeepState https://unhappyhandshake.blogspot.com/2017/07/natalia-veselnitskaya.html …
I pray for you everyday to #MAGA
McCain took a meeting for sole purpose of getting dirt on Trump. He didn't call the FBI 1st. Hey met with Sir Wood. Look it up Sen Graham
Omg, want cheese with your whine?
And the National Enquirer says that you have a secret Ape Child located on the Moon.  Washington Times is about as reliable.
And, you know it isn't true?
What election? The one that you won and collided with Russia to help beat Hillary? Wtf are you even talking about? Please just #RESIGN
Washington Times is a GOP rag. Like Fox, Breitbart and Limbaugh Trump. They will always say only what you want go hear WT IS FAKE NEWS
What a crock! Let's let Mueller finish - & Grand Juries & Senate & House. Drip, drip, drip; WAPO coming out soon! U R an Embarrassment




No Bomba Clod, the left turns it's nose up at Washington Times.
That is right
Every day another delusion.
When Kellyanne showed her flash cards of collusion?, confusion, illusion, delusion, was she referring to Trump's mental capacity?
It is my greatest wish that you be tried, sentenced, and executed for your crimes. What you and your family have done are unforgivable.
These are the ppl still leading that Circus! #LockThemAllUp & see how Fast we can #Maga w/o their #Espionage #treason #Leakers #Traitors
Talk about FAKE news. You know very well your dishonest son & dishonest son-in-law worked w/Russians to put you in office. #FakePresident
You aren't quoting fake news, are you? Thought only Fox & Friends was real?
Lock Killery up
Andrew Wilkow connected dots. All a set up. Rus lawyer connected to bank. Got in USA w no visa via Lynch
Athletes compete in different countries. Businesses are international. To make a beauty pagent political takes talent. CNN. Truly sad.
This is the stupidest POTUS ON Record


Team Mueller #TrumpRussia https://www.redbubble.com/people/badassartwork/works/27151531-team-mueller-trumprussia?asc=t&p=t-shirt … via @redbubble
These Democrats won't face the fact Hillary lost the election because she was a bad candidate! Russia had nothing to do with her loss!!!!
Why is your Lord not merciful to the people of the earth, ordering you to destroy, starve, displace, and kill His creatures?
.@WashTimes states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against D...

#dividedwefall
Shame
Qrr;z. .ďv. v .ďds
I've listened at a lot of your comments,  I'm liking the straightforwardness and I'm young & black.  Fuck em Donald
WHERES THE FACTS ON THAT BOZO? YOUR FAKE CLOWN!
So like certn nat. Dems also used my PRIVATE @advocatehealthcase 2 fund raise!! 4 Dem Party!! Moscow & court#NewDemocraticDoctrine?
True!  The Democrats will use any illegal tactic or lie to get their perverted agenda across.
Americans colluded with Russia b4, & gave up the atomic bomb.  Julius and Ethyl Rosenberg were convicted of treason & sentenced to death.
Not Democrats, but the AMERICAN PEOPLE!  You are a TRAITOR to the USA, in collusion with Russia, just for FINANCIAL PROFITS.  Sold yourself!
Do you really have this much spare time? Why don't you move over to another room and let Pence sit in a while
You have done nothing but lie to us - you cheated to become president - shame on you!!!
I think you have that backwards.  You and russians conspired against the democrats!
You used disinformation on @HillaryClinton &"Fake News" to win, continue to do so to legitimize self. @SenateFloor @HouseFloor @CBSNews
Fire Mueller Funny they want to look into your business but could not look into Clinton Foundation Investigate Clinton now!
Your own actions will influence the next election.  Many voters regret voting for you. They won't do it again!
if anything can be proven, they should be prosecuted, ALONG WITH U, if laws were broken.  What's your point? Do u know what collusion means?
We will stand by you.as you stand for us.
BS
please dont raise premiums on my health insurance exchange. keep Medicaid for our working poor families
https://goo.gl/hV1U34   https://goo.gl/n3i5cE 
On give it a rest!  No one is buying this nonsense except your zombie base.
These makers of trouble and Torment think of themselves as being the salvation of Americans and most Americans see them as Terrorist to US
#kissingcousins
@realDonaldTrump get over yourself! What are you...like 5?
Pendejo Chango!!!!
The democrats wonder why they can't  win an election.  Just look at every one of them.  Get over it u lost n now it's  president trumps
Turn
Bwahaha
Who is this "Donald Trump" you speak of?
Citation?  Oh wait you have alternative facts that don't come with citations.
this is treason and should be stopped at once and you are the MAN
Oh, do you own that paper?
Fake news
that is funny since it was all lies about Hillary!
But YOU were elected by WE THE PEOPLE! Doesn't matter what they do, they only make themselves look more foolish.People are seeing it!
Fake news?
Our media is just down right disrespectful to The sacred office of The president of the United States! Don't understand the thinking?
Actually you used the Russians to influence the elections

Agree , but it will backfire, Lynch has to be ..... and exposed . More will fall!
Trump have you no shame. To thy on self be true. You can lie to the American people, but can't lie to yourself!
Lol
The Washington Times is scarcely a real newspaper.
Please help Hobby Land business
What can we do about radical islam or
sharia law invading n taking over America??
These are pedophile assassins.
The Washington Times isn't fit for shit collection  duty.
Retards like our President actually think 1 article tells the entire story.  Please try to use the tiny amount of brains you have???
#FakeNews from the #FakePresident
#RussiaTrumpGate
We didn't see this until AFTER the election, DOOFUS!

"I served 4 years in the Obama White House. I never hired a lawyer, and I don't know anyone who did."

--Chris Lu
You and jr lied about any russian contact, even 2 weeks after that same russian contact. trump family for jail asap.
Nope, we are only seeing the tip of the iceberg right now.  Wait until Mueller starts digging- the truth will come out
But you won. I know you did you mention it every day!
"Fake news" cannot be cited as facts by the very man who declared them"fake news"! Sorry, try again. Your a pathetic man!
I guess you shouldn't have allowed so many members of your inner circle to meet with Russian officials & then lie about it
We'll see Donnie, we'll see.
Out of context Mr President  Stop blaming others #flimflanMan
Your supporters all ready know this.
As another Jew,  liberal respected attorney Alan Dershowitz stated a fact: Don Jr did nothing illegal. End of false story.
Democrats would eat your dick but I forgot you don't have one
I'm sure that's why the Donald Junior was happy to meet with those Russians.  No problem here.  Just move to Moscow.
Why do you believe the news from certain outlets, yet can't bring yourself to fully believe your intelligence teams?
Democrats??  You did it yourself
Seems like you boys are caught now and those fisa warrants to get you on tape bro.  Your pal @PaulManafort should have been a better spy.
That doesn't even make sense
Aye who told you that disinformation was a word. You learned a new word I see
reverse~reverse~reverse，good soap opera


Talking about talking about the 3rd person, ooft
I am glad to hear WashTimes state the truth!
Qq1q11qqqsss1qs1áààâa2Aaaaáasaaáqqááqaaaqqq12á1qaq1Àqq2aaqáámnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnåàaqqaAa no 1 q asds1AQ ññn a á

Updated Graphic! Big thanks @petitpolatouche for improvements. Here's how Russia's Active Measures work: https://warontherocks.com/2016/11/trolling-for-trump-how-russia-is-trying-to-destroy-our-democracy/ … 
Yep your son released fake emails

BS
I think @WashTimes has that backwards.  This is what your own son was forced to release:
Fake news, like this one.
Now that's just a sick fake news twist on the real facts that will be catching up to you in the real investigations soon.
