TX + LA:  We are with you

altho Trump is 500 miles away at a Campaign Rally on tax cuts for himself
Trump said pardon of Racist Arpaio would get "far higher ratings" because of flood
Trump bragged about  a crowd - of people displaced by a natural disaster
Trump exploiting Disaster for personal profit

Using photo ops to sell $40 hats
During hurricane - Trump pardons Racist Arpaio

Then attacks media for low approval
Trump Budget cuts:
FEMA
National Weather Service
Flood insurance
Climate science
Trump just disbanded the federal Climate Change Panel
Trump insults Mexico - they helped after Katrina

Days go by before Gov accepts
MAGA!!
The WH has your back America!



Except Manning wasn't pardoned she was commuted.
Also, Arpaio did not uphold the law. He violated the constitutional rights of many, then ignored judges' rulings.
What does that even mean? You're with them? You are the one who just cut FEMA and flood insurance.
Saying that you are w/ them doesn't do a single thing to help. How about funding flood insurance with the money you plan to use for the wall
How about donating the money you plan to use to build a Trump Tower in Moscow?
You are America's greatest fraud and you know it.
If he had any empathy for the people, Trump would give all proceeds from his #45 he markets when he shows up...
Donald Trump we are NOT with you today tomorrow or ever. Get that through your head
You are so screwed...
How many victims of the Hurricane did you meet and console? That's right 0!!
You had your chance to be presidential and you missed it with flying colors
At this point it's almost as if you're doing everything you can to be impeached
Mad liberal lolol
Mad Americans.
Thank you!
#TexasStrong #MAGA
Thank you First Respnders! #MAGA #Harvey
Don't forget your #pets! #Harvey #TexasStrong 

Many need foster homes!!
https://twitter.com/DonnaWR8/status/902632052465557505 … #MAGA #TRUMP
Don't believe #FakeNews 

#America LOVES #Trump!…
Love @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS #AmericanStrong #TexasStrong #MAGA God Bless Texas God Bless America #UnitedWeStand
Did you mean to tweet that to your KKK, Neo Nazi, and Skinhead friends? We know you're with them EVERY SINGLE DAY!
Texas, Louisiana, and 48 other states would be better off without you, EVERY SINGLE DAY! RESIGN! TODAY!
You are a certified category 5 disaster on the body politic! Show your birth certificate so we can verify that you're human! #NewBirtherism
LOL
You  have yet to acknowledge those who lost their lives as a result of #HurricaneHarvey! Your lack of empathy is repugnant!
But you certainly boasted about the crowd size in Houston. You narcissistic, sick, egomaniacal reprobate!
And here's the guy who's supposed to show the love of Jesus. Lol. What a hypocrite. So gross.
Go back to Sunday school @TalbertSwan. You do nothing but DIVIDE & cause more strife. & ur supposed to be a bishop?? U r a coward & fake.
As long as I'm not on vacation or tweeting about Obama or Hillary... or campaigning 3 years early for 2020.
Are you sure you're not talking about Obama's 8 years in office?
Obama didn't talk about Trump for 8 yrs on Twitter. Actually Trump created the birther movement during that time which was based in racism!
Also, Obama didn't bankrupt the secret service, spend almost a 1/3rd of his time on vacation and didn't go on congratulatory rallies. SO, NO
Obama took more vacations than any president ever! He took more vacations than the past three presidents all put together just facts!
SITES PLEASE. 
CREDIBLE SOURCES.

Neat. 
My response...
You have the best words
Well done, that was a great thought.
Starts with an H...ends in a Y... VERY DESTRUCTIVE to America! Just like @HillaryClinton !!!
Sell any hats while you were down there?
Maybe Melanoma sold some high-heels. I didn't see Dump carrying in food or water to a shelter.
Did you?
No, I didn't sell any hats in Texas.
Ppl who say no  watch CNN
Nope. I just live in Houston and know how much horseshit this tweet is. He did not support us. He flew in to stroke his damn ego and leave.
Yeah sure ok whatever you think
The beauty of opinions..
More like retardism
Is that even a word?
Seems like you're suffering from redneckism.
That's the true American spirit! Americans working together as one to save lives and help others. Prayers to all of those suffering loss.
Exactly. This is who we are. We stand together and help each other. 
You are always there to help around the world too, a great nation full of great people, now is our time to rally and help you if we can.
Thank you! 
Or Transgender or a democrat....
Or poor, or of color, or...,or...
Or Muslim......
Thank you, meant to include.
Well the list is really long! 
But first ... lemme have a campaign rally and promise to cut taxes for the rich!
Buy my hat!
And David Clarke's book! Mine's a pop-up with great siren noises!
You have the Presidential edition!
Fannie Mae & Freddie Mac need private capital to REBUILD!
Fannie & Freddie already have private capital. It has been hi-jacked by the Treasury. @FHFA @stevenmnuchin1 @POTUS
FANNIEGATE: THE COVER-UP UNRAVELS. 
Very informative read Fannie Mae by  retired.  Delaware Judge Hindes http://gselinks.com/pdf/Fanniegate …
Try this http://gselinks.com/pdf/Fanniegate_July_25_2017.pdf …
#TexasStrong Boldest and grandest, withstanding ev'ry test! We are Texans! Thank you @POTUS #MAGA Texas and Texans for Trump!
As a Texan I'm embarrassed that he came to give this shitty speech 
I don't blame you Nahim, he has no feelings for anyone but himself, a true sociopath!

Odd that you find the word sociopath amusing, but I'm happy to please. 
Odd that u r from England & think u know how real Texans feel.We strong Texans stand with Trump & our incredible Texas Governor Greg Abbott
If you're still supporting Trump you are either a fool or a racist.
Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.
@VoxVeritas1 @realDonaldTrump  Absolutely not
Best President ever.
Lmfao
Don't insult Donald Duck by comparing him to 45.
Best POTUS ever.
Voting for you was the best political decision I have ever made sir. Thank you and we appreciate all of your hard work.
I feel much more confident in the economy, national security, and disaster relief under President Trump than I ever did under Obama.
Proverbs 11:14
Where there is no #counsel, the #people fall; But in the #multitude of #counselors there is #safety.
Psalm 103:13
As a #father pities his #children, So the #Lord pities those who #fear Him.
3 Years, 4 Months, 20 Days, 21 Hours, 21 Minutes, and 19 Seconds
So why didn't you visit any flood victims then?
We are still waiting for Hillary to come to louisiana as she promised
Unfortunately she is not president
Thank god she is not
the only thing 45 has brought out is all the racists and sexists.  Thank good, I thought they would stay in hiding!
Sorry but Obamas presidency resurrected racial tensions...
True, racists were threatened by a black POTUS, his mere existence Re-energized those low life's
In general you are correct. TRUE racists hated 44. But 44 didn't help the black community at all during his term. Which increased tensions
More godd@mned self promotional propaganda produced from the reality TV wing of a narcissistic White House self dealing operation. CRIMINAL.
Dude cut him some slack he has to make a million bucks to satisfy his pledge 
 He'll just steal it from some kid's cancer charity 
BTW...
I Don't Respond To Ignorance.
I Just Block It.
I Have Absolutely No Time For #SimpleMinds~
This tweet didn't help a single one of my fellow Texans. You are a billionaire, write a fucking check!
Breaking News :Dictator Trump is trying to crowd fund his Wall , all donations are to be made at http://idiot.gov 

By reversing regulations to protect infrastucture against flooding? Which you did just before the hurricane.
You are so with these people suffering that you didn't visit them, just commented on the few that managed to show up to your ego feeding.
Are all the profits of the sale of the new hat your pushing (using Houston as a photo op for it) going to these victims?
You're with them ... for 2 minutes because now you have to go somewhere that kisses your ass more and talk about your election again.
Your budget proposal says otherwise. You are not, and never have been, a man of your word.
You are more concerned with tax cuts for yourself and your well-connected friends than the people that you failed to console yesterday.
And the hypocrisy is not limited to @POTUS. The @HouseGOP is eyeing a $1B disaster funds cut to finance THE WALL™.
AND WE WILL GET TAX REFORM DONE!
45 You're a LIAR!!!!
About everything...

World war can be stopped only on the basis of the knowledge of Saint Rampal ji
Must watch
https://twitter.com/LJodhpur/status/890878410498727936/video/1 …
According to
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus
Prove One Thing Indisputably that, that Great Chyren #SantRampalJi will discover a new Knowledge..
Not to mention the Clinton Foundation...
The Clintons already donated. When did Trump donate or offer rooms at his hotels?
So why didn't you visit any flood victims then?
Actions > Words
Thank you @nia4_trump for being such a great patriot & part of the solution! This is a movement & we are on the right side of history!
“Texas & Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, & we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, & REBUILD”
@realDonaldTrump. To inspire your base, why don't you tell how much personal money you've donated to help? Googling finds nothing so far.
In case you misunderstand--I'm saying you have donated NOTHING as far as I can tell. Aren't you supposed to be rich?
How much have you donated?
Says the president that didn't meet ANY victims, and didn't even mention them during the intrusive CAMPAIGN RALLY during a crisis! #shame
We would like to know what you PERSONALLY are doing to help them.

I figured you'd AT LEAST pass out toiletry kits for a photo op. 
No, you are in Missouri today trying to cut taxes for rich people and gut disaster funding.
So Mr President, how much more destruction and suffering will need to happen for You to be convinced about environmental policies????
Or You Sir will prefer to believe that this tragedy has nothing to do with global warming???
The weather is already totally unregulated!!! Here in Brazil, there were no tornadoes! Now there is !!! There was no snow !!! Now there is !
Humanity is changing the planet's climate with pollution and deforestation, whether You Sir believes it or not!!!
Cesar I don't think you are a free man and free heart when there's hate in your you're not free you are victim # God peace
You're right about that! No one with hatred in their hearts can be free or live in peace! Peace is in love!!!!
more empty words, from the silver tongue that rednecks love to believe despite not doing a damn fucking positive thing for anyone yet!
it begs beilef that people can be so stupid, and spin fake news like "Where was Obama during Katrina" the very definition of FAKE NEWS
And where are you? Because there is a real president doing your job.

@BarackObama  the leader of America
We miss @BarackObama
We miss @MichelleObama too
the image says the same thing as your tweet
big if true
Why block U.S. citizens?
Because he's a coward.
Because leftists idiots like you and Jeffrey constantly troll him.  He should block more people.  You don't have a "right" to spam troll.
Free speech.  Duh.
So say what you want. He still has the right to block whoever he wants. He should do it more often.
No, no he doesn't. The POTUS CANNOT legally block citizens. What you don't know could fill the libraries of the world.
You don't know me, therefore, you don't know what I know and what I don't. How dare you make this personal.
2. I will call you out. If you can't handle it, perhaps social media is just much for you. Maybe you should log off and read a book.
AND MEXICOS GONNA PAY FOR IT
Unless you're down here in Texas helping, then save your breath. The president's doing a fine job. #MAGA
You are aware he's planning on cutting a bunch of these departments that have helped Texans the past week, right? FEMA, Coast Guard, etc...
womp womp
Don't ask if I've already donated or anything, just assume that I'm a snowflake. Really smooth. Have a great day :) Best of luck out there.
WHAT ABOUT MONTANA??
Meanwhile you waste taxpayer money on an ineffective border wall
Well said , A real businesslike carrying President Trump who truly cares About The American people 24/7 For their well being LOL #MAGA !
President Trump's a real leader knows well how to make a real bond with the American people providing them relief under all circumstances

Almost a year since this moment-no special counsel, no justice has been served! We elected @POTUS to get something DONE! We DEMAND justice! 

What kind of sub-humans would try to bully a man in a wheelchair?

Antifa.…
Who'd use a car to murder a woman? Nazis, and Dump defended them. No false equivalency for you.
Dosent detract from the fact that Antifa clearly use facist tactics. Violent protests,violence against police restriction of free speech
What would you call it? Apart from actions of a facist group?
Lol, okay.  I don't think you know the definition of fascism.
So you're arguing that repression of free speech (I.e Berkley) and violent riots against police and citizens are not facist actions?
Again, look up the definition then get back to me champ.  KKK is not equal to Antifa.  Stop I defending Nazis.
President Trump &VP PENCE ARE THE GREATEST OF ALL TIME TEXANS WILL GET THREW THIS GOD AND THE PRESIDENT ARE ON THEY SIDE THEY CARNT LOSSE
I see more trumpers can't spell words correctly
I'm more concerned over the lack of common sense of the left... and the garbage that is constantly flowing from brainwashed Trump HATERS.
I am most concerned by the lack of observation of trump disciples as they observe him LIE and contradict himself  time and time again
scary
I'm much more concerned that he is doing what we elected him to do.   He's making America great again for everyone, just like he promised.
HA
"HA" yourself.  And thank you for becoming irrelevant....   and blocked. 
@faagifts. Thank GOD for Trump!
.@POTUS(#SupportingOurBrethrenInNeedHERO)Texas&Louisiana: WeArew/You2day,2morrow&EVERYSINGLE DAYAFTER,2Restore,Recover&REBUILD
how about how many the 3 million per weekend for golf costs taxpayers?
So what about Montana?  We've needed help with these wildfires for months and we get nothing?  Agriculture is the backbone of this country.
That wasn't one of his states so I guess it'll have to burn
We r wYou and Melania. Thank you!
Pres Trump/Melania. We r proud of you and your care for Harvey Victims .
THANKS DONALD FOR LISTENING  IM SICK OF PEOPLE NOT GETTING WHAT THEY DESERVE AS HUMAN RIGHTS
TELL BARRON TO COME VISIT SANTA CRUZ TOO SOMETIME!
Oh Jack... jack jack jack 
U CAN'T MAKE ME FEEL BAD FOR WHAT I'VE SAID... BUT WHEN U GO TO A ROOM AND LOCK THE DOOR. BIT I'VE REALIZED WHAT'S HERE

THEY HIDE BEHIND UR PRAYERS
WHILE U ASKING FOR SERIOUSLY INQ OF HELP ..THEY  ASK ME WHEN THE LORD JESUS CHRIST IS COMING AS THE THIEF IN THE NIGHT
THEY WAITING ON FIRE AND BRIMSTONE FROM THE LORD'S VENGEANCE
SINCE 23 YRS OLD
IN MY MINISTRY
Stop @Sharia_Sarsour from robbing Disaster Donors and Harvey victims like Hillary did from Haiti.
You know who else is with Texas and Louisiana? Mexico 
It's always nice to come on and see your support Mr. President. Everyone here in Texas really appreciates all the support from everywhere!

Maxine Waters asks, "Why everyone donatin jus to Houston? I need money too-to help my constituents be properly represented without taxation" 
Mad Maxine.. Bless her heart. Crazy B____.
Thank you to our President Trump
Finally America has a real president that is a real patriot! #MAGA
When was murica great? Oh yeah it mustve been when they came here, raped and killed natives then celebrated with a turkey every year after
You say that and take advantage of every opportunity the country had to offer. AWESOME 
Lol the only time i took advantage of this country had to offer was when arpio took my husband away from me. I had to live off something
Let me guess.. Your baby daddy did nothing wrong, was here legally. 
difference for the States? No. Did it mess with our lives? Yes.
The states upheld the law. PLAIN n simple. We all have to live by laws. YOU are no different.
Ppl of all income levels donating 2 Harvey relief. U have been involved in product placement selling caps. Have U donated any money?
Yes he did.
Finally. Took several days.
You realize that he had resources available in advance that made a difference right? Before the storm hit land.
You realize he committed money to Sandy that he never delivered. #fraud
And he showed up with donations. While the sitting president didn't.
Yknow who else has come to help as well?? MEXICO 

MSM big Antifa supporters won't report the truth! We have to do it for themPres.Trump donated 1 MILLION of his ownto Amers in need

Donating for Americans not left or right!
Must be hard to contain your resentment that funding your wall and tax cuts for the rich will be diverted to help flood victims.
@hidehunt1 You're a great President Mr Trump!We love you!!
MANY of those people affected by the flood are #DACA    Will you stand by them?

Way to President
Where was this when you were in Texas? No, someone else had to put it on a teleprompter and FORCE you to read it in it's entirety! #EpicFail
Except for the children of DACA you're planning to throw out of the country.
Resign
.@POTUS liberal media abandons fact-checking thinks if they repeated enough it'll be truth and people believe it NOT #TRUMP #FOLLOWME #girl
Hear this: climate change effects will be more expensive than climate change mitigation. #climatechange #Harvey #Harvey2017 #HarveyStorm
Fox poll: 60% think Trump is "unstable" (44% "very", 16% "somewhat"). Or if you prefer, Trump Is F'ing Crazy http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/348796-poll-majority-describe-trump-as-a-says-what-he-thinks-and-bully?amp … …
To Democrats - Your choices:

1. Lead
2. Follow
3. Get out of the way (and shut up!)
.@POTUS Lemon admits his reporting is biased and still he hasn't got a clue he needs teleprompter #Trump #followme #me #follow #happy #like
.@POTUS Mindless liberals sit in the room and come up with a byword war strategy with no fact-checking #followme #Trump #russia #tbt #me
Maybe Robert De Niro could donate some cash
.@POTUS pathetic liberal media can't think for themselves get their marching orders and don't mind the bondage #followme #Trump #me #tbt
Until the next catastrophic disaster that is caused by #climatechange
Are you gonna donate
Fed Reserve crushing us; hen IRS takes as we have a bloated government, overpaid govt employees. I show how we cud save $1 trillion per yr.
You sound like a lying boyfriend to me.
Great
Meanwhile MT has burned a half million acres and its continuing. #HelpMontana
And I will be with you from my jail cell too. Why you say? For telling lies and committing treason with my friends Flynn, Bannon and Gorka.
That's the kind of President I'm talking about!!
Restore
Recover
Rebuild

#MAGA 
#Texas #TexasStrong 
https://twitter.com/mzkhalil/status/903940795836878849 …
Rebuild. He's just the man to do it. Thank God the scammers are out
Yes he is
My president Donald Trump donated 1,000,000 dollars of his own money to hurricane Harvey relief fund. I love my president
Have you donated any of your rubles?
Show the money. Stop cutting already existing funds. These people will need help for yrs on things you've already dumped with exec  order
Who is this "WE" you speak of Mr.Empathy? Does rebuild = New Dump Tower? How about you build your wall there to keep out the rising seas?

Liar
Resign

Thank you Sir!
Who is this "we"? That implies you're actually doing something.
Thank you! 
...past Presidents in the wake of such a massive natural disaster. Obama golfed during LA's flooding last year. Bush took days to send aid.
Guess what- they no longer want you if they ever did.  Bet their damn guns are okay though.     Pass the pie
Blah, blah!!!
You know that's your man
LMAO! I'm gonna get you!! He IRKS me! Gross only beauty is in the $y$s of the beholders !
Lmao

Their plan revolved around 1 thing. Clinton winning. Now, the controllers are no longer in control. Crimes, corruption now coming to light. 
No. YOU will not be.  American citizens will be.  Give money from that stupid wall and give it to Texas. Do ONE thing right!  #FakePresident
You're so full of shit. Let's see that million donation. What's taking so long? I made my donations. Others have made theirs. So when????
mexico is doing more than you to help the flood victims!  Too bad you have no soul.  You lied to all 9f us and them.
Way to stand up Pres. Glad to have you on our side.
Bet they wish you didn't approve flood insurance being lowered
Trump abbreviated with, down to w/. IMPEACH! *screeching*
Congress is not with them.
Wouldnt be so tragic had DEM MAYOR NOT TOLD THEM TO STAY HOME! DEMS COST U.S. TAXPAYER WITH EVERY MOVE. MORONS. HE should step down!
Thank you ! Mr President
Yah President Trump!!!! I believe in you President Trump.
But oh, by the way, we will take $BILLIONS of FEMA funds and redirect them to building a wall that we don't need.
You're gonna stand by and watch
Who wrote this for you?
