There's more to life than "winning," bud.
You know who are not winners? Americans! Your worshippers got scammed by you. Now they're losing $880 Billion in health care. You lied!

Sally Yates is testifying today. Pack your bags.
An obama tool? Yeah, don't hold your breath. On second though do.
Sally Yates is the bigger winner 

 
That's, an honest election!

Unlike you: a terrible guy who frequently gives up and will always be a loser.

John Daly won. But you still lost the popular votes. So, I guess that makes John a winner, and you a loser? 
But he's still in the White House. So he won....
Not for long! 
#TrumpRussia #SallyYatesIsAPatriot
I know Diane! Can you even imagine what It would be like to have #Killary as president? I shutter at the thought. 
If you only knew.. lmao 
Where can I read the full text of the tax reform? thank you
Sally Yates is testifying today.
It be nice if we would have got that style of a president here
Already tweeting...know you are looking forward to Sally Yates today
@realDonaldTrump #RepealAndReplace #BuildTheWall #POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #AmericaFirst #LockHerUp #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
Soros needs to be thrown out of our country He is the 1 behind all of this He's trying to divide our country
#NeverGiveUp #AmericaFirst
John has been through some tough times 
Congrats!!!  I like to watch him play
I hear you cheat when you play golf. No surprise.
But you should know since you play so much golf
Why don't you look up how much Obama spent in 8 years it's staggering
Who cares he's not president now
Ignorance is never been in a higher place. It would be nice if we could see the college transcript of Donald Trump.
And congrats to @BarackObama for his #ProfileInCourage award, something, like a PGA win, you  never achieve. #trumprussia #SallyYates
You also said Trump wouldn't win. LOL at you
Isn't that the truth!
Resign! You "make America trashier" everyday you hold out most valued seat! PS that son-law selling visa's as a way to enrich your family. 
Too bad people can't say the same thing about you... that you're a great guy.

Thats fine. 3 of Trumps FL trips cost $1.5 mil. 
Just 1 Obama FL trip cost $3.3 mil...  new helipad, 2 extra trips, $800k left over. 
Zip it
Quit tweeting and create a proper healthcare plan
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSwamp
Yes pray that he is impeached so that American can be great like always!
You're more passionate about golf than you are about running America and looking after its people. Get your priorities sorted, pal.
Trump’s Saudi visit will mark the real ‘new beginning’

 #MAGA #TrumpsVisitToSaudi

 http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_590d0b29e4b056aa2363d51a/amp …
You know he knows next to nothing about his own countries history & even less about Saudi history 
#impeachtrump
#Trumprussia
#RESIST
Obsessed with golf. 
Obsessed with tweeting him?
Obsessed with pointing out his bullshittery and douchebag ways.
Aw are you a little jealous cause you're an old washed up old man. Shut up. You guys love to insult people.
WOW... You really got me there Einstein!! Your intellectual abilities are unparalleled. Only to be rivaled by an "on/off" switch.
Trump remembers the 3 mill "illegal votes" that he lost the pop vote by lmao.
Trump seems to be stuck on the topic, brings up the election every week. SAD (or sick) guy!
We love you President Trump!
Texas just banned sanctuary cities!

Have a great day President Trump!  
#russiagate
#cnn
#Trumpcare #trumpdontcare
#MagaIdiots

#100days #NothingAccomplished
Oh! the good ole days when our president actually had a brain and scruples.
@SpeakerRyan #CorruptGOP #DishonestReublicans
Maybe you should focus on watching golf full time- that's where your heart and mind actually is- not on governing
We all know you would prefer to be golfing every morning rather than having to get intel briefings (which you sleep through anyway)
Which is the REAL reason he went to NJ. If there was a golf course in Central Park he'd never leave NY.
There is a golf course in Central Park buddy
Exactly! I meant if HE had a course there. Where he never loses
Hahahaha yeah yeah yeah that's wut I meant errr ughhh errr
The disgraceful president
Nervous about Yates today? lolol
Grow up little boy!
why wouldn't you want answers?
I want answers to Obama using Intel to spy on people for years! Obama to Putin comments.
But you're okay with possible collusion... got it... don't need answers there
And you don't care about the piece of crap Obama spying on people! Got it!
Did I say that?
No what you said in your words is that you are a liberal that hates Trump what new!
Congrats to John Daly on big win. Thank you John Daly for defending your friend POTUS. I am champion for encouraging respect for POTUS.
Wow. Glad you took a minute to congratulate a golfer on his win. Now do something for your people.

You’re obsessed with golf
You are obsessed with Comics what's wrong with being obsessed with something you love?
if that’s your job and you do it obsessively it’s fine, but not when you’ve got shit to do
Obama spent 1/2 of his presidency in Hawaii ,if you knew anything ab business you'd know more deals done on golf course than in office 
Sure
Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner agai...
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Like u
#tinytinytinylittleman
do you just stare at twitter all night. Eyes pried open? Clickwork orange style?
HUGE disgrace , GET OUT
Sounds alot like the true qualitys of our elected President
please just build the wall please
On your tax dollars, what about the Rio? Just give the river to Mexico? It's a stupid idea.
no one asked you sweatheart
You want a wall but have no clue what that would entail or what it would cost. Lmao
oh you are the guy who thinks he knows what other people know. i would now like to see a wall built that includes a windowless cell, for you
Right because I understand a huge expensive wall is stupid I should be in Jail. Great argument
your ignorance is your right but its rude to wipe it on other people honey
The Rio changes course meaning the wall has to be built back from the banks, surrendering land
Sally Yates is under your skin and she should be because your administration will soon fail. You all be kicked to the curb along w Ivanka
Don't you have more important things to be paying attention to?
Says one orange blob to another....
. WOW! TRUMP PLUGS SOMEONE...USUALLY A PAY OFF IN THE WORKS? Russia have $100 million for golf courses per son
never forget: YOU are the fakepresident!! 
Really? And you can't congratulate President Obama for the Profile in Courage Award. He is 1,000 times the man you will NEVER be.
Haven't you got anything more important to communicate about than golf? I mean I know it's all you do, but come on... #FakePresident
Little nervous about Sally Yates today? She's going to make you look like a fool. Tick Tock. Impeachments coming
With as much golfing that you do, I guess you'd know.
Yes, indeed. Love his Power Drive techniques.

Bad news for Team Trump-and Paul Ryan. Amb Kisylak is....loquacious. He liked to chat people up. Make deals. And every word was recorded.
RELEASE YOUR TAXES
In the whole scheme of world peace, homelessness and hunger your tweet is so thoughtful...so-called president tweeting about golf!
Nice to see the POTUS focused on what really matters. Governing is so boring, let's talk about golf. #AmericaHater #Dunce #Drumpf
Just like OBama who is always a winner
How about u do some work and stay off twitter. Maybe if u put more than 32 hrs a week in u would learn ur job instead of gow 2 sign ur name
You putz! Are you having a dissociative episode? Ball players, even golfers, who don't give a crap about anything want to stay clear of you.
Maybe he will win,  win, win and get sick of it.
If there's something you know about, it's golf.
An award that 45 will NEVER see.
If you recommend him, I'm sure he's just another liar, cheat and thief.
Always about golf! 
I'll help you be Presidential: CONGRATULATIONS PRES OBAMA ON RECEIVING THE JFK PROFILE IN COURAGE AWARD
Never give up! That's the spirit! Good luck deflecting all your ineptitudes on Obama admin.
I'll second that nice to see grip it & rip it back on song 
Another failing dusctrarion. RUSSIAN AGENT ORANGE.
He could be your oldest son - but a way better golfer!!!
donald you don"t belong to twitter
You should be trying to learn your job. U don't know it well enough 2 give any of ur tiny mind to golf. How about healthcare, Russia & NK??
all the winning. Too much.
As red herrings go this one was at least entertaining!
To bad you can't say the same... #100day+ofL's

Mr. President: You failed to vet Flynn, hired him, and only fired him once his lies became public. Which part of that is Obama's fault? https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/861550676505219073 …
Getting buggy yet @MalcolmNance
John is a drunk womanizer just like you
Try getting your mind off of golf for 5 minutes and getting to work on at least one of your campaign promises. Not that they're possible...
At what point do we as Americans say enough is enough Ask the JD to open investigations on.@POTUS44 .@HilaryClinton Rice Lynch & Brennan
The man with the most important job in the world, what is he tweeting about today? Golf! What a waste! How about you mention Jordan Edwards?
John daly is an out of control loser, much like you

You are so boring........
What about Tiger?
Too bad you're a loser
Nice! Çongradulations!
You are playing more then him.
And he didn't cheat!
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot
O
When are you going to realize life is not all about winning and losing! @realDonaldTrump You are a sore loser and an even worse winner #sad!
Glad you're watching golf. Because you suck at literally everything else
Did he make golf great again?
When you're not winning it's always good to heap praise on those who are. Feel better now?
Our Hero Sally Yates!!!!!!
Shut up
OMG you and this winner shit. Your mentality... 
Really? You're tweeting about golf?
I see these absolute idiots screaming at town halls about how people are going to loose their HC No you won't!!!
(one flabby golfer to another?)
Great to realize what your priorities are 
Unlike you! #resist
A soldier was killed in Somalia trying to #MAGA. Where's the condolences to his family?
What do you know about golf? You know nothing about golf! Absolutely nothing!
When are you going to finally give up and let governing to someone that knows what they're doing?
This is fake news
No, he actually won for the first time in 13 years.
The POTUS who's taken the most golf trips ever…just took a break from Tweet-bullying pols to compliment a golfer  https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/861544307043467264 …
Hey man he's a close friend, like Brady and Pavarotti.
#What a Looser

Knice Recognizing Greatness
Are you jealous?  John Daly is a REAL winner and your are NOT?
Finally, a subject you actually seem to know something about! With 20+ golf outings in 100 days, would love to see you give up the day job!
Sounds better then you. Probably be a better President too
You're a dummy.
When will you be a winner? When will we get tired of winning? Because so far you are a loser from what I have seen. Just in the limelight.
Could you stop chatting and get to work!
Part of the problem! The real win is everyday for him when he doesn't drink or abuse pills. He is a winner everyday he stays sober.
Reluctantly by the FBI cleared.@HilaryClinton members of the muslim brotherhood killed 8 police officers Obama gave over $950 bil 2 the MB
This is the only non-shitty thing I've ever heard you say. Congrats John Daly!!!
well, knowing a winner is a kind of winning?
remember that time you, johnie, and i were a threesome?  that was awesome!
Unlike you - LOSER ALWAYS; IMPEACH!
You left out congratulations to @BarackObama for #JFKProfileInCourage
Why r u tweeting about this as you lining us up for war with N. KOREA.
TrumpTriumpf
Gosh, how jealous you must be that John Daly can play real golf and win w/o cheating and you can't even play putt putt without cheating.
He also doesn't cost America millions every weekend on golf outings like you do - shove it golf-boy.
Is this a golf comment??
GOLF?? Really?? With your job on the line you are talking golf? Pence is going to take your job! Watch yourself and the GOP
