right
You are so petty and childish, why?
I don’t think if it comes out your ass it can be called honest or unfiltered.
Unfiltered yes, honest no...
Yeah, unfiltered crap!
Cut it off,Cut it off, cut it off.cut it off, cut it off you’re chicken 
You porker 

Eight months later #LuvingIt
Of course  MSM is stupidity fake news.. Need to go back to Kindergarten school.  MSM need to go get color book and crayons and play dough and pacifiers and playpen with Democ Rats  and Obama and Soros and Hillary..
#releasethedocument. Mr President you can release any document you want... classified or not... you can de-classify it.  So order the document released.
#ReleaseTheMemo
Our President has this right as much as anyone else. Haters are just gonna hate.
Yes haters like conservative website THEHILL   #Loser  #ImpeachTrump
.  You are the most malicious lying human I've ever seen. Unless you have dementia.  You,are bit fit to run this country
I'm all for you using Tweeter. No better place to keep track of your lies and confession. Given enough rope you will hang your self.
Unfiltered only.
Was this Dowd too?
Social Media is the fall of Main Stream Media VeryFakeNews
No.  We are all simply embarrassed by your insanity.  

When my grandmother began to suffer from Alzheimer's Disease, we took her car keys away.  Your Twitter account should be suspended for similar reasons.
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfilt...
Something is majorly perverted and disturbing about you!  Maybe a biggot?!
Foolish
MSM stands for more than one thing, you know.
you were quoted by @voxdotcom
You mean dishonest!
Keep tweeting do we are behind you 110% they're jealous because their ratings we're at 9% last time I checked !
We love it! Geaux @realDonaldTrump !
We love it too!  Thank you for all you do.
Despite the fake polls, left wing nut media and never trumpers on capital hill, your faithful base is growing Mr. President. Tweet away!
when you start being honest - please let us know.
The fake president is working so hard to figure out social media . He thinks his messages are honest and unfiltered .
And when were you being honest? Can you direct me to that tweet?
Do you bruh!
there is nothing honest about you... NOTHING!!!!!!
Tock...
Unfiltered, for sure.
You are sick.  "Trump" is now a word that means "a person who lies and has small slimy, clammy hands."
Ur right. Please do not pass that stupid bill Rubio Harris and Finestein came up with. Tryin to kill freedom of speech
BHO is ten times the man you are or ever will be.
BHO - smarter, respected, more attractive, & more competent 
BHO is loved. By everyone
No, dummy - it's YOUR advisers & handlers. You are unhinged. What did you think presidents did?
Kills you that BHO ran rings around you.
ROFL!!! I guess by "honest and unfiltered" Drumpf means "blatantly contradicting my press secretary...
...by showing I really am a bigoted monster" and "too stupid to use a spell-checker when writing a statement the whole world will see."
By all means, Mr. President, keep entertaining us with your public displays of blistering buffoonery on social media.
Here's a tip: you might want to apply "extreme vetting" to the stupidities that flow so freely from that deranged brain of yours.
Look at this mans heart !,he has people ahead on anything , hes not based on money , corruption or popular demand look!
They hate it that you show the world how ignorant you are of the English language, politics, social graces and every decent human quality
I'm starting to regret voting for you.
#shutupstupid
The public wants you to STOP using social media because you say things that make you seem CHILDISH and PETTY! 
#usebrainmouthfilter
Your words truly are honest reflections of you. Sad!
President Trump, our family needs you. Count to 10 before  hit send please no more distraction. Thank you  from the voters
#YouAreFakeNews
Congratulations President Trump.  Keep on twittering.  The blithering idiots on the left are bewildered!
#DiagnoseTrump really needs to get his mental state checked.
MSN is real you are fake.  Putin must be banging his head against a wall with every stupid thing you tweet because you are embarrassing him
Unfiltered, yes... Honest, no!
The fake MSM probably got you elected, and they see dollar signs every time you post. 
Mr. President  still waiting  to here about Politicians having  same Health  Care  as we the people.
You are delusional.
I get my daily laughs from your tweeting....please don't stop
No! Keep tweeting Mr. 'Mighty Pants'. It shows how deranged you are.
No, the people hate that you have no filters between your brain and your fingers. You need to show some class and decorum as President.
therapy phyco! Or can't u afford it. Obama can help !
"unfiltered"-by intelligence or even political savy YES/"honest message"?you're only deluding yourself -NOT the maj. of American people!
Good
You go kid...
I have to laugh at the haters on here.. their heads will explode when you win again in 2020 !!!
KEEP TWEETING Mr. President.   BYPASS FAKE MSM.  God bless our first family and VP Pence and family 
Yep
And all the hater bots on every thread of yours are doing a COMPLETE HEAD FAKE on deluded Dems, who think bots=mood if the country! 
With with you Mr President!  Fake media had its day.  It's all over but the kicking and screeming.
You WILL.. do EVERYTHING u wanna do..U can CHANGE IT..Fix it..Grow it. n NOTHING WILL STOP U.. That is ur PLAN...to make america GREAT AGAIN
Your lawyers are doing the filtering.   Good job,  #Loser #FakeNews #FakePresident
Love your tweets. Now I can laugh without listening to Zuma.
saving you from embarrassment
There's History and then there's "Your Story." YOUR STAFF is trying to keep you off Twitter because you embarrass the USA.
I don't think you would know an "honest" message if it jumped up and bit your nose off. & you filter your own messages SAD
Keep Twittering President Trump  
Yes, we would hate missing out on your stupidity
It is better than a Roosevelt, Fireside Chat. We can tweet back. As long as the MSM and liberals hate it, keep doing it, Mr. President.
Most Americans love the fact they get to know directly what their President is thinking. I love whatever irritates the MSM.
Fake MSM?  That is fake
your vainglorious tweets do you far more harm than good/just because you can't take unvarnished truth doesn't make it FAKE!
Keep tweeting!
Unfiltered message, clearly?!?  When did "honest" come to mean "some delusional BS in @POTUS head"...

#TrumpSpeakingIsLying  #LOSER
??? They keep SHOWING PROOF of you're B.S.
JUSTICE AND RESPECT FOR NABRA HUSSEIN
UNFILTERED - MAYBE.  HONEST - NEVER. SELF SERVING - YES
You using the S/M is putting the medial on edge because they can't keep upi with you and they're scared. Good job Mr. President!
You need to act like a man in charge of his faculties, not like an impulsive tween.
You mean they hate that you can lie directly to the people
Trmp age is gettingto him ,he's having amnesia already.
You get out your lies. Nothing you say has any factual basis. Liar in chief. #fakepresident
Real MSM would appreciate it if you'd know off discriminatory EOs.  #MSMmeansGay #MenwhohaveSexwithMen #trustmeimascientist
If your message is so honest why is it always being unprove, weak, not supported by anybody? Polls show you are the most dishonest prez ever
You, honest? Sorry Donnie, but a man whose lawyers always meet with him in pairs so it's harder for him to lie is definitely not truthful.
Donald, you do not know the meaning of "honest".
Yuge liar, traitor and Putin's putain. Flee the country while you can and take that pack of taint-licking grifters with you!
Their is nothing honest about you
Or maybe your child-like tweets remind us of a petulant little boy!
You are a literal joke.
What? No one but you is the only fake, dishonest, reckless and crazy phenomenon around. You have become the biggest USA nightmare!
Liar liar pants on fire. Not fake news, fake president.
Go Donald Trump. You r theBest
#FAKEACCOUNT #impeachtrump #trumpisinsane #trumpisatraitor #trumprussia
what.I have no idea what u r saying. Do u like trump or not...
your the best potus
Did you notice he didn't say the TRUTH OUT, but "message out"? 

FAKE MESSAGES from a Fake human being @realDonaldTrump!
Honest?  What do you know about honest?
Love #trump #HesMyPresident
Keep it up, good evidence for investigation........sad
Unfiltered yes, honest?  Not so much.
No, we LOVE your tweeting #FearlessLeader. Please keep it up! #LetsSeeWhatHeLooksLikeInOrangeClothes
We all do...
No! no! Keep using social media, it is an official public record and we can use your constant stream of lies to impeach you.
But covfefe
Dude they love it when you tweet because it's always bizarre and weird
The media is constantly negative reporting on everything the trumps do or say. Let the people decide if it's good or bad not the new company
The news organizations also in insights violence while reporting constantly on the black lives matter when they riot. Causing more riots.
Why is it that when Israel fires a rocket it's reported on every news station but when the Rockets are fired at Israel no one reports on it.
I agree 100% with our President! I have said we cannot believe the media for over the last 10 years. All tv is a one-sided news organization
We appreciate you honest, unfiltered, misspelled, factually challenged, and hilarious tweets.  Keep em coming!!!
You're publicists probably aren't too happy with your twitter tantrums, either :/
They *actually* love your tweets. No media want you to stop!
Let Amy Goodman Interview you. You up for it or are you chicken?
WRONG! The Media loves your tweets for the same reason your GOP hates you tweeting. Digging your own grave
you have an untreated personality disorder . plus, you're a serial liar . people don't believe you anymore.
How dare they suggest you get off social media. It's not like your days are filled with important stuff like running a country or anything
Even you can't believe that one!!
Thank you for communicating what is important and true to us.  MSM leaves us blind and helpless.
Getting the job and doing a good job at it are two very different things.
No. The media, like the people, want you to be held accountable when you are NOT honest.
Don't stop!
Maybe you should instead do an unfiltered and honest POTUS job Sir
They couldn't win by votes, electoral college,fake news or media in pocket, now they kill our leaders!
Please show them graciousness!
Stop the hate Dems! Get over the election! Help make America Great Again! Get to work!Accept Trump and move on with life!
YOURE FAKE NEWS
The tweets are so ridiculous that they WANT them continued. Your own staff wants you to knock it off.
I'm sure your legal and press teams feel the same way as the so-called "Fake MSM." #LooseTweetsSinkFleets
You're not honest, but unfiltered yes.
How are they "fake MSM"? Are they not really mainstream, not really media, or simply not exist?
Lol really if you say so.
We love the fact that you use social media!  Your drawing the rope on your noose tighter and tighter, day by day!  Want be long D!
Such an embarrassment you are
They want to obstruct all truth by controlling the executive branch , your tweeting dispels their lies and diminishs their socialist agenda
Love u Mr President!  Drain the swamp
someone who has a small penis strength or influence to intimidate (someone), to force him or her to do what one wants. #notimpressed

i would do as they say.......bc you just piss people off
Your sons' faces are triggering.
You are not honest, nor informed.
