Did you watch Lynch give a DOJ report on the Chicago police? Thank God you won.
Please get a new social media manager. Whoever you have doing the job now should be fired.
when is YOURS Though? I'd attend that funeral
Donald, it’s the people’s WHITE HOUSE, not your WHITE CASTLE. #LiarInChief #Trump #usa
How disrespectful
Thank you sir.  I can't wait.....
that doesn't mean much
one might say your #totalitarian support...
hate u
cool, nobody cares.
shut up
If only you stayed this positive even half the time the political atmosphere in this great country would improve 100%
hope next funeral it's Hillary and Meryl
your a sick sob write this down you will suffer from your vicious hate perhaps not today but someday
Pathetic! #TheResistance #NotmyPresident
Unless they need the ACA, Social Security, Medicaid or are "Hillary flunkies", Muslim or on your enemy list.
Code 4 the law enforcement community has #DJT'a FULL SUPPORT in ABUSING THE CIVIL RIGHTS OF #POC! .@realDonaldTrump aka #PutinsPuppet
Your complete and total support until they piss you off!
R.IP bless his soul
But not the FBI...
God bless our men and in blue
@bessbell watch her find a way to somehow criticize this statement!
Congrats on a tweet approved by Presidential Trump @MatureTrumpTwts  It was such a kind tweet I thought it had to be fake
Fools don't realize if there are no COPs it anarchy! But Bad Cops gotta go#YOURFIRED #MAG
Until they realize you are going to screw them and their unions, eh?
Could you post a single tweet without mentioning yourself?

Way to go.. Supporting the police is what we need right now.  Better than Obama telling evefyone that cops are bad. Keep it up!
While you defraud the country?  Tax returns, you Russian puppet.
Hahahahahahahahahahaha, troll.
thank you
Be quiet you hypocrite
You, sir, certainly do not act like an adult with all of your name calling.
thank you for calling out the real American heroes!
You @joelcomm  are the male @KellyannePolls #TRAITORS @realDonaldTrump
And you are just plain nuts
And now, begone with you! * poof *
Joel just a small suggestion, your profile pic looks like you had an accident & underwent surgery but it was botched! @Di_719
What if it was? Are you into judging people based on how they look?
No more pissing on Law & Order by leftists

TY Mr. Trump for your Blue support on this sad day. What's really sad is that Obama wouldn't light the WH Blue 4 a day.
YOU NEED TO BE TALKING ABOUT THIS PUBLICLY AND FOR GODS SAKE WATCH YOUR BACK! OBAMA IS A TYRANT! HE CANNOT BE TRUSTED!
Wait... are those feelings I see? Are you trying to humanize yourself now? I thought you were above all of this...
maybe the new health care system will allow you to fix your inability to sense sarcasm.
just what I was thinking! Dems REALLY don't understand sarcasm.
so Trump basically speaks sarcastically ALL the time? "best brain" "best words" etc ??
I assume FB, Twitter, and her Foundations website.

By the way, love the Trump holding the LGBT flag pic.
Is Frank Raegan gonna Stay on as PC??
Where there's smoke there is fire and you are lookin' like Willie Nelson's tour bus right now. @realDonaldTrump
so much hate.... Left has been teaching the wrong class
#demforce #unPOTUS
#demforce #unpotus #theresistance
#demforce #unpotus #theresistance
#demforce #unpotus #theresistance
#demforce #unpotus #theresistance This isn't a good look for you, Trump.
#demforce #unpotus #theresistance
#demforce #unpotus #theresistance
2 bad #TheResistance  is so badly uninformed
Look at all these haters. Sad.
what's sad is your fetish for orange men
So beautiful to finally see a POTUS supporting the Law Enforcement community! #BlueLivesMatter #NYPD #PoliceLivesMatter
Oorah Proud #USMC Vet
Hooah! Proud Army nurse Trump will privatize VA Middlemen will compete for our health dollars
ITS ABOUT DAMN TIME OUR VA HOSP ARE NOT FIT 4 OUR VETS! NURSES ARE UNDER STAFFED TOO! Oorah
could it be because Republicans have voted down funds for vets? https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://usuncut.com/politics/happy-veterans-day-5-times-republicans-in-congress-screwed-veterans/&ved=0ahUKEwjP87uT2cDRAhXL7YMKHU86A9IQFggaMAA&usg=AFQjCNHCJ77jnS4NJwVagQk6p4O3CTCPDg&sig2=5F20xlnGTqs0iZ8i8zgXHA …
ALL FAILED VETS! FLAP LIPS NO RESULTS! WATCH TRUMP WILL REMEDY THIS ONE! EVERY WORK AT ANY VA?
served in 3 wars as an Army nurse and been patient in VA. 3/4 vets don't want privatization.
How about a funeral for America? And a funeral for the respected position of the President as we know it?
Will you attend the funerals of all the people that are going to die after you take away their healthcare?
Keep up the good work.  America getting better by the day.
Blue Lives Matter, yo.
u ilegal white settler Mr president,  you are a PUBLIC SERVANT so SERVE ME and bring me my avocados or go back 2 ur Europe
Lord guide your servant home to your presence.
God bless his family and thank you Sir for your ultimate sacrifice 
You and McDonald couldn't be more different.
why don't you go and type up some fake news.
I typically don't take requests...but hey, just this one time, Alexander!
Thank you! Can’t wait to see how creative you are.
bing bong bing bong bing bongbing bong
Keep up the good work and focus.  The economy is booming gradually.  Love you heaps trump
thank you for being my president watching Jimmy Fallon I could only imagine what you think about that idiot
say something about Ghana boldly. Let them stay and work.
cabron, you people are the only ilegals in native lands, get out and bring me my avocados now.
I like the direction you are taking can't wait to start the wall!!
Thank you for your service sir.
Thanks I think you will backup the military and the public service too. My family has both. Hillary left them to DIE...!!
jijodelachingara I want my guacamole! If you don't like us then u leave! You whites r the only ilegals in our native lands!
I wish you had the support of our country
he does. 65 million to be exact.
is that before or after he gets charged with treason?
我们娟神问你，你都那么老了，咋还那么白，盼复。
too bad you don't have the complete support of Americans.
read. 
https://www.google.com/amp/www.cnbc.com/amp/2016/04/26/trump-looks-for-big-win-with-jobless-voters.html?client=safari … @Colin_DeNegro @maltavella1234 @Abdulghanayem75
women's march borrowed no justice no peace monkey testing lol
Yeah, your support to stop and frisk
#NoTrumpNoKkkNoFascistUsa
just dawned on me. They call u a puppet but boycott if they can't pull strings of others. Smh 7days!

I see white people.
Think that guy is Hispanic...
You know how I know this isn't you ? It is (a). Not insulting anyone
(b). Not all about your own inflated sense of worth
our. The word is our. Not my.
i am not a reporter but an American citizen. Where are your tax returns?
Like I keep on saying, don't forget the low middle class people who supported you. (Like Obama did)
Thank you for your support of law enforcement. Too bad the media continues to attack us as the bad guys.
even when they shoot someone that's unarmed? Even then they have your support?
Great!!  It's about time we have a president who is for law & order instead of rioting & chaos.  Go Trump!!
this Detective couldn't stand to look at you, at least your not holding it against him!
if only It were for you
Minecraftcrazy530
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
Good afternoon President Donald Trump I no he will make America great again
Please if Democrats don't attend inauguration then you shouldn't  allow them to see you on issues as President.
completed the obligations and help emotional attachment
New York voted for Hillary not you orange hate machine child...
try not use the word "sad" Donald. Suggest you use more positive sentiments.  Be inspiring if you intend to motivate.
Thankfully no EMT company backs  you or your unhealthy thinking. Remember police aren't trained to save your life.
Did you know they used to be called “Jumpolines” until your mum jumped on one?
Your breath stinks so bad that it destroyed half the ozone layer.
1388
RIP
Oh not long gone Obama's words. Ofcourse not. Barack is such a little man.
so many idiots on here,thank you Mr Trump,we have serious divide in this country,tough job ahead.We have your 6.
You know, your mom is a big liar. She said that she never makes the same mistake twice... then you brother was born
yo momma so fat shes got pesos in one pocket and yen in the other
Will you still like and respect them when they come to arrest and lock you up for one of your many crimes, you silly BOZO?
The only thing that has your complete & total support is...YOU! #IStandWithJohnLewis #illegitimatePresident
just no financial support, I mean only the little people pay taxes
interesting.
like you really care
no such thing as a beautiful funeral.  May his soul R.I.P.
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-russia-dossier-file-investigation-hacking-christopher-steele-mi6-a7526901.html …
This is a nice tweet. More like this
Thank you for supporting our Police.  All Obama had was distain and contempt for police. Obama: "the police acted stupidly"

are big fans the Dean family from morristown tn.
Hope you didn't taint it with your presence. #PISSYPRESIDENT
who cares what you think
And what about the communities they are supposed to protect thatyou don't seem to care about? #TrumpleThinSkin #TrumpLies
I don't understand your need to bash everyone constantly. #nogainwithinsults
I love you.  I love 1,440 Denver officers and believe you me, they are so happy about your winning, obviously.  Blue lights
The LAPD supports you as they told me when they rescued me from Dem man who hit me for wearing a Trump shirt in Trader Joes
you've posted this before and it still blows my mind
Yes. I keep posting for appropriate Twitter Trends to show Libs & Dems what hypocrites they are, not for me to get attention.
of course.  just unbelievable how this all happened in a fucking Trader Joe's.  how do those people live with themselves
It was rewarding to see my attacker humiliated face down on the sidewalk in handcuffs & all of the town walking by to see. #Karma
But none of you income tax $ for 20 years!  Military got no support either Mr. Doublespeak!
beautiful funeral? Maybe you mean a serene & befitting funeral,You could do with an addition to your vocabulary,
Did you take off time from twitter to attend? Just curious
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
what's your plans for MLK day? #theillegitimatemajority
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
the only good thing about you
as a police officer of 42 y ears I appreciate all of your support for law enforcement
did you go?
I just stepped in something that was smarter than you… and smelled better too.
what about Master Sgt. Debra Clayton of Florida that was laid to rest today. You are a dumb xxx want to be President.
to
Did you even bother to attend this funeral or are these more of your empty words?

I can't wait for law enforcement, all over our country, to be uncuffed so they can do what they do for us
That's what we're afraid of.
we stand with you Mr. President
God bless this true American hero and comfort his family & fellow officers
You said you would make a law, and take two out. Agree, there's too many laws, everyone is drowning. Work will save enforce
...and yet you are aiming to deport all good muslims in NYPD... WOW, nothing you say makes any sense... Please disappear!
everyone supports them asshole.  We just don't want them killing unarmed people.
the thin blue line -all our Officers, are our street soldiers, too often working alone now when they should be paired daily
that will speak out for the american people
Then support Duncan Hunter
"real" as opposed to "fake"? 
what would you know about the law? You'll be breaking it day 1 in office
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”
Keep up the good work!  You're accomplishments are already greater than the previous administration. #real leadership
may he rip.
Gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
he hated you
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
Representative Lewis has lost all reality and contact with the facts and real problems that affect our state.
God bless you and your family and friends,Jesus Christ loves you!!!
@David_JW5 Did You Attend
They don't want it or you!!
show us your taxes orange man
Really? So you support expanding Brady background checks to all gun sales? @MCCAED @PoliceForum @LEpartnership @TheIACP
Great statement, looking forward to next Friday wish you and your family all the best, and thank you for what you are doing
panderet!
Ever since I have seen you in your family tree, I have wanted to cut it down.
so do the Russians mr. Slick 'treason' understand the definition U have 2 deal W/the media everyday N the people's house!!
normal for citizens to support law enforcement what's your point ?
"A beutiful funeral". Nice motto.
@SheriffClarke YOU're telling us there're 2 Buffoon, SheriffClarke's? Please lets this not spread further. 2 is too much.
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
thank you for supporting myself and my other brothers and sisters in blue.  Means the world that our Prez supports us. Love
