https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10204021539134377&id=1700608269 …
Praying for you Mr President! You are our voice !
Lions come from the Motherland, AFRICA!! At best you've got a field mouse!
Field mice do not face madmen, comfort people, create, wealth, live in Best house in world. Feeling insignificant? Sorry
Get in your basket and shut until spoken to!!
Lol  that's funny but no thanks us deplorables aren't silenced any more as of nov.8 2016! We were heard loud and clear
You uneducated voters will regret what you've done eventually!!
Melt away snowflake

yay.
#WorstPresidentEver
Why are you even allowing the UN to continue on US soil? UN = war criminals
#Freedomforcatalonia
God Bless you
I know political #MSM and #fnn thinks it can beat Trump in a game a chess. However, I don't think it can. #MAGA #Trump2020 #USA

Update the nation on Puerto Rico.
This Trump basically says "I am working at my job during the day." Wow.

Be Puerto Rico's hero. Get aid to your citizens on the island stat! Don't let your legacy be US citizens needlessly died on ur watch.
Who cares
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #MuellerIsComing
Good, she can explain to you what a bad idea a pissing match is with North Korea.
Good evening it was a nice day here in Jacksonville today with dinner tonight i’m going to have veal String bean sweet potato
Pointless tweeting. Pointless person
Do you still own a private plane that could provide supplies to the Americans in Devastated Puerto Rico#PitbullishelpingPR#DoSomething
They must be giving out free cookies or brownies.
Don’t kill us all. I know you want to.
Ur an idiot
Okay. Who cares about me? Trump is trying to destroy the world. This should be a concern.
His climate actions show that he does not know what he is doing. Hoping here that all the travel time to disaster zones somehow change that.
Let us hope he takes time/energy to truly visit and empathize. And maybe even learn.
I’m not optimistic
@NikkiHaley you better hide...the P***y grabber is headed your way!
So what nobody cares
Great Job Sir. We love you President Trump. #Winning
No
After a day of tweeting and watching Fox News?  Must be something serious going on?
What exactly is the point of this tweet? It is so vague and so pointless. Are you proud that you are actually doing something?
He is just giving you the info... calm the hell down please.
I'm excited to see a picture of what he had for lunch.

Try not to embarrass us too much please
#DotardDon

USA will continue 2 evolve always has...via immigration & cultural integration. Irish & Italians were spat at during refugee crises 19th cen
Highest welfare % goes to RED STATES--Blue states have paid their inability to work for years without complaint.
$1,000 says you couldn’t point #PuertoRico out on a map of #PuertoRico. #Dotard
Thats a winnable bet He lost his Limo a couple months back and he was standing in front of it
Keeps hitting on ‘hot chicks’ and wonders why everyone thinks it’s creepy.
http://www.snopes.com/jackie-robinson-anthem/ …
We support President Trump! Thank you for standing up for our traditions, our values and our history!
TRUMP 2020. got trump?
got trump?
WE SURE ARE LUCKY WE DO!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: PLEASE...
DO NOT CNN!!!
President TRUMP: please do not NYT!!!
It's bad for our country...
TRUMP: Please invite Gold Star Moms to the White House. Show them we are grateful...
Great idea, start with the Khan families & those at http://Votevet.org 
Puerto Rico...
It's night. Go straight to bed, POTUS!!
FAKE POTUS sic guy.
Can you make her Attorney General? Our current one is missing
What time will you be taking a dump? And what time will you be paying? Enquiring Minds really don't give a s***
YOU HAVE BEEN WASTING PRESIOUS TIME. Stirring up trouble and hate INSTEAD of doing humanitarian work for #PuertoRicoRelief
When are you going to Puerto Rico?
I'm sure they appreciate the warning
It's no wonder that your 2 oldest sons are unable to make their own ways in life. You incapacitated them w your narcissism.
Try your best to not say anything too stupid. You can do this.
You know he can't ...
Yeh, I know he can't. I've got my popcorn ready for when he doesn't. Want some?
Come on you know I've got mine ready!
And there is this March, 2016 Haley tweet 
Trump's old tweets are a minefield (for him) full of gold.
why dont you head your butt over to puerto rico and help those people. maybe melania wearing heels will make them forget you dont care
Heels are the problem? That must be why @CarmenYulinCruz isn't getting anything done. She's wearing heels.
Puerto rico hoe

ממש זה מצער משתתף בצערם וחמלה מהירה לפצועים
I will pray for you! God speed!
3-1 odds you piss her off in less than 5 minutes

Thanks for the update. I hope you don't say anything embarrassing.   ....... but I know you will
Vanquish NoKo & man 
@CNN @cnnbrk @CNNSotu @DanaBashCNN @wolfblitzer @andersoncooper @ChrisCuomo @GloriaBorger @FareedZakaria @ErinBurnett @donlemon #PuertoRico
Let Russia handle Korea 4 troops back pull planes back let them know we want peace and then let Russia get in there and kick ass do it
If you choose to skip you will not be missed!! Sleep in you've done nothing meaningful so far anyways
Oh, please God, don't embarrass us.

Has nobody explained to u that Puerto Rico is a part of the US and DESPERATELY needs our help?

Who cares!
I hope there's a chaperone!
Ya, you head to UN and start a war.  SHUT UP!!!!!!!!!  You are worse than North Koreans.
I'm sure she's dreading the meeting with YOU!  Pls don't grab her pus*y.
Yay!  Nikki Haley from my state of South Carolina!  Yay!
Lmao
#DefundTheUN
I wonder where Mueller is and what he is up to.
Don’t forget to announce that you sat on the pot.
Allow me to translate...it’s time for a blowjob

Ridiculous tweet. 
Here's something just as ridiculous from me: "Just came back from Target! Got two t-shirts and contact solution!" #USA

Journey mercies sir.
Holy shit!  You showed up for work now that your home in FL was hit by one of the hurricanes.  Want a cookie?
Help Puerto Rico
Full support Mr. President
You're not in jail yet?
"Me me me. Notice me me. I am important  and it's all about me me me". You are so pathetic
@POTUS @UN @nikkihaley please don't. Take a break!
UN is kind of a long jaunt from DC, is it not? #ImpeachTrumpNOW
I bet he calls it the UN  #idiocracy
@realDonaldTrump Twitter feed goes on like he didn’t defend the KKK. Sad. #FraudPresident #ImpeachTrump #TrumpDisaster
I pray that we and the planet survive the Dotard and the Rocket Man.
I don't like Niki.  She is a war monger.
No tweets on losing ACA repeal??
#PuertoRicoRelief
Well you need to head p, back to Texas an straighten this mess called Dena an red cross out please am begging you people are hurting here
Don't make a fool of yourself this time
You are an embarrassment to the USA.
I see your self siding with the bush cartel condeleza rice crowd bad move they are losers only care about cronies profits

Hello my name is Donald Trump.
I endorsed the loser.
I have deleted all those tweets.
Also, I am a broken, empty shell lacking a soul. …
I seriously hope you soon consider heading over to the "not being president anymore" area, wherever that may be. Just please not in DC.


Defund the UN..its outlived its usefullness..and too expensive..and way too against Israel
well this time keep your trap shut

Her Reps? Bye Don.
O so casual like what u had for lunch. U r stupid n still can not get it. Dumb da dumb dumb
Oh the two war hawks beat the drum.
To make America look stupid again? Ok.
Whoopee. Do not forget to disrespect everyone once again
Sir don't fight with North Korea , I know u has power but still diplomate moves still has,
Are you taking measurements for the new beautiful tile?
To talk about when NK might drop a bomb on us because you declared war ??
Could she take your phone away and tape your mouth shut?
sure it is great choice of our pres6. She is very smart and will be able to do good job.Nice lady,God bless her.
We don't care. Be quiet.

You #DotardTrump How Do You Solve A Problem Like Korea? - #Randy Rainbow Song Parody 
Her representatives?!
No one cares,  you're an awful person.  #impeachtrump #trumpisinsane #trumpisatraitor #trumprussia
Coming to you live, you got it. North Korea is saying! They will hit us with missiles?
BFD
Russia
Hitler did nothing wrong because look at you #FirstDates
What you do on to the least you do to me



They hate you. Like your wife does

Great, but the Congress has to vote on it.It has to be constitutional. 
I love hearing about @nikkihaley she was the mayor of SC now she meets with the prez awesome job
Her representatives? What does that mean? Remember you both work for us. Keep that in mind. Knucklehead.
I hate you
You haven't met them yet so is cheap compliment.... lol.
What representatives? What are you talking about, Don?
Why don't you head over to PUERTO RICO with one of those big ships and drop off supplies , water, food, neccisities.
SAD!
Yaaay do you want a trophy?
To bad you don't care about about anything
Except himself. Oh. And Ivanka.

We are  % with you Sir! God Bless you and your family. Thank You.


Nikki Haley has Representatives!
For what? Brunch? And to make that wall your ego is insisting on solar ! Right!!Or how about u grow up and skip the wall & Send them aid!!!!
Hopefully she'll be honest about your bad speech.It was a really bad speech, a badder speech than anyone else. Obama's was so much better!
Don you watching the Ken Burns's special about Vietnam, the war you dodged? This that why the sudden issue of black NFL players taken knee
Please please stay there w/all your GREAT friends We would be SOOO happy

Watch this if you think #TakeAKnee protests are 'disrespecting the flag' 
We support you trump! America knows!

JUST IN: Trump admin refuses to lift shipping restrictions to help get supplies to Puerto Rico http://hill.cm/XS2eEQ0  
YOU ARE THE WORST
War against North Korea? If yes, YOU ARE CRAZY! COMPLETELY CRAZY!

#PuertoRico is #USA . you are going to have the deaths of thousands of Americans on your hands. ACTION. NOW.
Crooked Ivanka used private email. LOCK HER UP!
When I first heard this 2-3 weeks ago I said, "Yeah, this won't be a dumpster fire!" You didn't disappoint! #DotardTrump
Everything @realDonaldTrump does now is about surviving the Mueller juggernaut, the inevitable impeachment, indictments & incarcerations.
Anther meeting you don't know the slightest about. Try English as a first language.

Maybe you should be heading over to North Korea to sit down with KJU and hammer out something that makes more sense than fire and fury
Such political bullshit! It just reeks of politics! Oh wait...Trump isn't a "politician"! Or is he......HE IS!

Hey Lebron James, what you are saying and when you athletes kneel while our national anthems being sung is divisive, Understand you bum? 
Not again

... and when do you plan to meet with the Czar of Russia again?
