#congresssowhite
God bless you
这几句话咋嫩高深，能用中国式英语解释下吗。快来学汉语，北京欢迎你，中国欢迎你。唐纳德.trump。
.@realDonaldTrump We know your type Donald. You hate rules, respect or fairness. #Trump #ethics
i think you mistake "unfair" with "not in your favor"
President Trump,I want to congratulate you,I believe you will make America better.I wish Twitter would allow for morewords.
Unfair? Oh, right, you can't spell ethics
Do they really work ? The House and the Senate have more days off, then they have working ! NOT RIGHT !
that's not a complete or coherent sentence #realDonaldTrump #HouseGOP #DNCChair Want to try again?
i am thinking we should dump a truckload of Thesaurus(s) on the WH lawn
: What's the point none of you even know what ethics is!
what is wrong with being ethically sound. Any skeletons in your closet?
Ethics is actually very important to us. Including the subject of prejudice of any kind. Enlighten the conscious- Unite us
Justin, Donald asleep has more going on in his brain then all the crooks in the DNC combined.
Ethics committee is partisan.
Stay on your sinking ship of progressive hate America.  8 years of DNC has divided races, weakened defense. Grow up open your eyes
Name calling is a typical childish response from liberals.  Grow up and act your age please.  Everyone is talking about you!
ethics watchdog not unfair  it is an excellent START to rid politics of hateful R's running the state.
"We can do that later, when no one will notice."
bbqtrump
Hey, they COULD have their s*** together for a change and be working on how to oust YOU.

@HarrietBaldwin with all @realDonaldTrump is supposed to work on to be prepared for the presidency, does he have to waste tine on Twitter?
It's not time wasted. It's getting his message out directly without the worthless spin and distortion of MSM
maybe, but it's not the president's job to dictate what congress should or shouldn't do. Like with Obama.
POTUS not bound by ethics rules and this covers the staff of the White  House? Didn't Potus just scold Congress for this?
Donald Trump is his own man, not some lackey of congressional republicans. They owe him their continued majority.
the $646 billion outdoor industry with 1mm+ jobs depends on a stable climate. Protect our jobs and #keepparis #100days
c'mon ppl... good peeps on all sides. Respectful truthful discourse needed 4 much needed dialog. Americans better than this
They will do anything possible to hide the corruption in Washington!! DRAIN THAT SWAMP........
Considering there's been Lack of Ethics over the past 8 yrs.i.e.$84mil vaction exp.This may be a #DrainTheSwamp opportunity
He will take pride in lowballing the vacations. AirF1 is biggest expense. DT will use his own jet & bill us.
#Impeach45
how is it you can recognize in others behavior that you cannot see in yourself? Pls take your own advice...Prioritize!
I thought they were preparing for the multitude of conflicts of interest your company presents which could end the GOP?
Thank God they pulled this proposal after your tweets. Why on earth would we cancel independent watchdogs? Please tell me
 & same w/ your tweets abt #MerylStreep #GoldenGlobes & other comments abt you. #FocusOnMakingAmericaGreater is 
first decent thing stated. And not a lie. Good job.
you don'tknow what ethics means
YEAH, THE ETHICS WATCHDOG SHOULD SCARE YOU TO DEATH.
Pelo$i would love to have no ethics law.
Term limits. .  Let's see that mandate you say you have. #DTS
That's part of the American way...checks and balances. What are you afraid of?
with all that you have to do why keep blabbering on twitter you look like a childish fool
it's the Republican way. Just like all your conflicts. The Courption National Party. You're the head.
finally a tweet that makes sense! Yaaasss!
THE GREAT TRUMP HO TRUMP CARE WITH MEDICARE PRIMCIPLE  AND HAVE MEDICAR PAYTHE BILLS  AND COLLECT  MONEY THEY ARE SET UP
deflecting from@a true horror show of corrupt politicians "policing themselves" shame on you
with all the global warming it's given them a reprobate mind set.awsome movement working"jobs"
It's not unfair. It's totally necessary.
Stump Trump,stop trying to pit people against each other. This is not a bunch of kids on a playground! Get over yourself!
It's awesome the constituents came down hard on them and made them do an about face. I see a lot of the in the future.
So glad you redirected Republicans away from weakening ethics committee. What an ignorant misplaced priority we will dts
go away skitto
http://www.learnprogress.org/trump-stiffs-builders-5-million/ …

would you please start acting like the President of the United States and not some adolescent.
Ethics office struggled to gain access to #Trump team, emails Show http://nbcnews.to/2imCyuX  via @NBCNews  #DontheCon
lol you would LOVE no ethical oversight.  Sorry.  WRONG ANSWER. No one trusts you as far as they can throw you.
how about calling it for what it was? A sneak attack on the checks and balances that protect our democracy!
I agree with Dishonest Donald...Congress should NOT weaken or gut the Independent Ethics Watchdog!
Absolutely. Do they really think "We The People" aren't watching and Judicial Watch-ing also? 
I LUV MY PRESIDENT DRAIN IT!
honey, @SpeakerRyan & @HouseGOP are YOUR team.

Impeaching you is our focus!
But yet you criticize the ratings of "The Apprentice". Surely there are many more important things that you yourself have to work on. SMFH
w/ all you have to work on do you seriously have time to tweet nonsense?
Can you  think of anything but your VAIN SELF EVER?
Exactly why you can't trust Paul Ryan what a snake. you're in the white house to get rid of the these ppl masquerading as Republicans
@js_politics
@Enigma look how many can't be held to that current low level of ethics standard ! They want to weaken it ,trumpwillenforce
whoever you are. Shut up.
Well they want permission to break all the rules like you do.  Now that you were elected, they are going for it.
@BraveLad
Can you tell us how it is unfair? How many prosecutions have there been? Few. When was the last? 2013, dropped.
good point
#russian investments!  Release your #taxreturns!
I hope you have the same feeling about the committee which evaluates your tax records and Russian
with all that you have to do do you really have the time to tweet and name call? Grow up and act like a future President!
So you want to do away with checks and balances? #HelloFacism
couldn't agree more somehow I think the people most upset are the ones that are being investigated
I phoned Congman Mike Turner to tell don't like this. DJT keep MAGA!
Kauthammer says it's a 2x4 swatting the 'mules' in congress.  Why not
Sir. I am in South Africa and wish we could have these debates freely..God bless you Sir
Solid argument, Muh Precedent.
Obama fired 197 military generals during his stay in office- why does it matter if you don't trust our intelligence agency?
you said it T not me this time
the Republican Congress has not done s*** in the whole time that you had to Congress.
TY 4 keeping IEW for now, but what is unfair about it? I'm curious. Plz explain. Don't we want partisan politics?
That seemed like a promising comment to make, Donald, but Michael Moore casts doubt on you...
(4/5)...10:07am: Trump sees public's anger, reverses position, Tweets he thinks Ethics Office is "unfair" but today is not day to kill it...
If Moore's right, suggests that your admin will be out to drain the public purse or some such.
Media, get it right: Trump isn't against gutting of EthicsOffice, just the "timing."And Ford has NOT ended its pledge 2 build cars in Mexico
Their blatant attempt to secretly abolish this "check" speaks volumes of their evil intent. Fox guarding the hen house
Same with Education. We should be at the top not near the bottom. This has all been manufactured by Globalists.
We are just converting to chip cards and other countries have had them for years. We should be ahead of other countries.
Our cyber security has been kept weak so the rest of the world can go ahead of us. Globalists want us weak.
No shit! ;)
tails between their legs! Running like the rats they are!
ya know...sigh...real leaders complement in public and criticize in private. This is propaganda.
.       Drain The Swamp! Finally, AMERICANISM TRUMPS GLOBALISM!!!!!!!
Yes dumb but they did not have to tweet it, they at least know who to communicate in other mediums. Smarter than the boss.
Good question
not sure about that one but I'll get back to you
Huh?
A man with no etiquettes should not talk about ethics, don't you think so, Grandpa?
We need that ethics committee  because of the kind of people u hire.  All despicable   crooks
IS ALWAYS LIKE THAT, BUT YOU ARE HEIR NOW YOU WILL TAKE CARE OF ALL.......?......
For once you're on the right side of things.  More to come or is that a pipe dream,
Hold their feet to the fire, Donald. If there's anything we need it's ethics.
apparently their goal is not operating ethically, but settling scores and gaining power. #Holman Provision
thank you,   you are draining the swamp
@myGianLuca so maybe if trump says the opposite they will do what he wants. Hmmm great idea.
b4 1/20/17, they'll kick & scream, CONSPIRE more FAKE theories to deflect Hillary's LOST wasn't HER OWN downfall
It amazes me that NO Dem sees themselves for what they are: self-absorbed, not too bright & not liked losers!
Dems are Dumb Defects
I'll drink to that 
How is Ethics Watchdog unfair?
Trump what you're trying to do it's what they've always been trying to do make America weak. Enjoy the hinge pin weakness
You said it. People love you for your guts to stand for principles.
Ha! Coming from a guy who continuously tweets self-promotion instead of learning how to President! #Ridiculous
be careful, this independent watchdog can turn and bite you too, it is a gray area... privacy vs ethics
it's partially their power trip, but no real reason for it.
Bravo for realizing how bad this looked and for getting Congress back on track to get some real work done!
the corruption  doesn't stop!Obama & the damn gov is doing their best to hurt you! I cannot wait until you are inaugurated
OMG,,HELL HAS FROZEN OVER!! HOW IS IT I AGREE WITH YOU ON THIS!!
Ah but very telling about the House Republican's ethics!
.@realDonaldTrump We gonna need all the ethics we can get with the slimy swamp monsters u want in your cabinet. #FillingTheSwamp Despicable!
Maybe afraid of what it would find about THEM once you start asking the Committee.
How is an independent third-party body that oversees ethics issues of congress unfair?
This type of thinking is what lost them over 1,000 seats in the Obama administration!
u have 2 do something about Chicago that was a hate crime no 1 agrees with that u have to call a spade a spade
You can't take credit for this one MF.
THAT WAS SUCH A GREAT MOVE OF YOU, ALL CREDIT TO YOU!!!
Thank u .@realDonaldTrump for speaking out against this unconscionable & slimy move by .@SenateGOP .@HouseGOP. .@SpeakerRyan .@SenateMajLdr
yes because people like you can't be trusted
They always do every thing backwerds and that is the reason we sent in the TRUMP TRAIN to get them on the right track.
Shut up fool!  Speak when spoken to #Orangeisthe NewStupid
God Bless America and President Donald J. Trump 
Talking about draining the swamp,  oh boy.  Getting down really dirty  policing themselves.
Okay. I'll give you this one, Trump. Good call. Not sure why. But good call.
nice try to. Make urself look honest & concerned. Did u have a secret meeting & plan this to appear upfront? Fake fraud
Perhaps a premature effort to protect you against future egregious behaviour?
how can this body be independent when politicians run it?
yes who needs ethics? There's no integrity in the swamp.
why can't you quit hiding behind your "tweets"  having a "bad hair day??"
Good call on this.
More time on winning #Ethics + FREE Markets. #bizdevlove Period. #HeritageFoundationConservative #ACA Include Vets & 65+.
you set this up in an attempt to make yourself look ethical. #liar
agreed.
there needs to be more ethics not a lack of.
Those guys are to lazy to do an honest day's work & need a BIG cut in salary with no retirement or medical to go OUT with.
come back once you've mastered making sentences. Then we'll let you play.
Call Chicago DA & insist this be prosecuted as a #HateCrime (312) 603-1880 (312) 325-9200  Blm kidnapping @realDonaldTrump
When you speak out against your Party when they do inappropriate things, you really show  all Americans you care...
Great job, President Elect!! Thanks for doing the right thing and speaking out against the Republicans re: Independent EC.
are you above being ethical? Do u understand the concept?
- nicely done. That's one for the Donald.
Too bad it was not your idea.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/thinkprogress.org/amp/p/8e321ae246c8 …
thank you Mr. President!  Gosh, it feels good to be an American again!
So you have no problem throwing your fellow Republicans under the bus? President elect of the Divided States of America
They are preparing the way for your administration. Don't want to have any sign of ethics accountability around...
You'll DESTROY anything ETHICAL in due time. Right Don the Con.
Wtf? That doesn't even MAKE SENSE!!! Jesus.
liar-your opinions on Intel community is a travesty. All constituents- tell your senators to impeach this traitor
finally you said something that makes sense
I did not expect this response, but am impressed. Well said Mr. President-elect. Good show of leadership. #GiveaGuyaChance
Go Trump!!!
the swamp creatures are lurking.
holy crap! My world is ending. I...I agree with you on this one. Weird.
God forbid you people should have ethics.
try to be nice in 2017
global warming is normal we are finally getting back to how it was before the year 1400 #get real
when the Vikings discovered Greenland it was Green then an ice age happen in 1400 and it is still covered with ice
So, you agree they should weaken the ethics committee,  just not right now? #corruptGOP #corruptPEOTUS
smartest incomplete sentence you have made in a long time.  Good work!
congressional ethics needs to stay with independent investigators PAUL RYAN is a punk, he needs to man up!!
we need normal people to serve not politicians https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9dQRknx48Y … that is the reason people hired you to be prez
you have no right to question anyone's ethics.   #ReleaseTheReturns
weneed to keep the ethics committee programe BUT it does have it's problems our government has corruption from head to toe
anonymous complaints protect whistleblowers.  U would want fed employees 2 expose corruption, right?  Or not so much...
as unfair as it is??? Are you kidding? #draintheswamp #shorttermmemory #unprepared #TheResistance
Keep on doing the right things Donald. We the people are with you and for you !
- smartest thing I have ever heard you say - keep this up.
What's unfair is that they have to abide by ethics rules & you don't. U need to create a Blind Trust ASAP or no credibility
What
