And then you woke up!
I hear Arpaio isn't busy these days thanks to you. Maybe he can actually do some good in serving people for once in his miserable life.
You know the size of the storm does not increase the size of your penis, right?
Keep up the Hard Work Texas!
Donald Trump the Savior, showboating again little man
It really does, he's like "yay me"! Watch this is gonna be great.
So the Russian bots are busy "hearting" all your tweets.  Scared, flooded homeowners -- not so much.
Those are the same experts that told you the Climate Change was real.
Thought that you don't believe in global warming?  There will be a lot more once in a generation events coming up.  Get back to Paris #fool
Clearly trump is not in church this morning
All you negative people need to go away. North Korea may be recruiting that's a good place for you all. Just don't tell them your american!
Ignoring climate change is not only dumb, its evil. More will die unless we make strong efforts to rid ourselves of fossil fuels.
It's not going well, rescue services are overwhelmed and people are dying. People are actually going WITHOUT BEING RESCUED it's so bad here.
And still not believing in #ClimateChange
why don't we let the victims judge any efforts you're trying to hype prematurely
You rolled back flood protection rules. That will cost lives and taxpayers down the road you foolish man.
Why are you so excited?
Wow, you pulled out of the Paris agreement.
"I BRING THE BIGGEST FLOODS. THE ABSOLUTE BEST"
what kind of experts are these?
You sound like you're 8. Are you mentally ok??
Didn't know you could count that high! Proud of you!
Stop bragging about the size of the hurricane! What's the matter with you?
...and Healthcare reform is hard...Who knew? 
"going well" are you fkn serious? How many are trapped and suffering? You are totally clueless!
This is the tweet of a bystander. Not a President
So far, 1death and a guy with a broken leg.
How many died in Katrina ?
Experts? How did you hear about it? You're well known for disdaining experts. (Sorry for the 10 letter word.)
Any chance global warming was a factor? Nah...a Chinese and liberal conspiracy, right?  Stop listening to deniers and listen to the science!
Obama would've been playing golf.
I really wish you would shut up.
Maybe you should hand your phone to a staffer and go to church or something. Stop tweeting. Texans are dying and in grave danger. Not "Wow"
Yep, only the greatest floods will happen under your presidency. Nothing but the worst for, and from, you.
The dead will be on UR hands. I am sure their family will love UR enthusiasm for the storm. Try saying what U would say if it was MarALago
God's punishment for letting Satan's own, you, become president!
You make me sick! Why are you seemingly getting super excited over the fact that this is a horrendous storm?
If you are really upset about this storm, stop tweeting about it from your cozy home and go to Texas and help the workers out!
It is my belief that you are tweeting continuously about the Hurricane to divert attention from your impeachment
Real presidents take real action.  Real presidents don't just sit at home tweeting!
If America was about to get hit by a Nuclear Bomb, you'd be sitting in your fallout shelter tweeting about the worst bombing attack ever!
Do you literally have your phone in hand ready to be the first response to his tweets? Give it a break man..
Joey, go try to get to second base with some chick. If you dont like what's being said then don't get on here. Simple
Happily married man for almost two years.. that's already been accomplished, nice try.
The storm is quite a distraction for you from #TrumpRussia and #ImpeachTrump, I guess. Don't go to Texas. They need Fed money, not you.
It's a global warming flood you Orange fool
"We?" You've done nothing.
Too bad you took away flood protections just days before #Harvey hit.  More money in your pocket & Good luck to the suckers who elected you!
3 Years, 4 Months, 24 Days, 3 Hours, 34 Minutes, and 10 Seconds
Until my SECOND term!
:-|
They also say this is the result of #climatechange!
It is.
You really think this storm is a result of climate change? Damn hurricanes have been in existence longer than any of us have been living.
How come natural disasters like this occur five times more compared to 100 years ago.  Well.
You'll be known as a once in 500 year disaster yourself someday, Donnie! So, um- congrats on that?
He's the best. Really tremendous. Nobody does disaster like him.
He's just fantastic, to be sure. None better.
OK, Kevin, we need to explain that this is what people call "sarcasm," Donnie. We don't actually think you're good at anything. OK?
LOL... good point. He probably will read this and think we're really praising his incompetent, Constitution-shredding ass.
He might indeed think we actually like his pathetic, egotistical, racist, barely-American ass. If we're not careful and clear... lol
lol... Yes, clarity is needed. If you're reading this, just to be clear, WE HATE YOU, DONNIE!
No Don. Climate experts have been predicting this and worse. More like every 50 years and possibly a lot more frequently unless you learn.
At least it wasn't a 'once in 5000 years' flood!
Now you are pulling the USA out from climate change efforts you can start expecting these floods every 5 years instead
all out effort mostly courtesy of civilians and local rescue/authorities. Because that's what we do. #hurricaneharvey #TX
WOW- The WHOLE WORLD is calling you #Dumbass @realDonaldTrump #TrumpRussia nipping at your heels #AMERICA doesn't need your help 2 be #GREAT
It's called global warming you #muppet @realDonaldTrump
Those same experts say global warming is Real!  More scientists say global warming is real, then those who say cigarettes cause cancer.

Trump refused to make Major Disaster Declaration in Texas BEFORE #Harvey to mobilize federal assetsnow claims relief efforts going well 
Why are u so effing cheery when people's homes are being destroyed before their eyes? This is not a ratings contest! #resist
Wait, you're listening to EXPERTS now?
It's a 1000 year now #stayuptodatewithyourcountry
witnessed with a hurricane or flooding in the last 500 years. I would love to know what 'experts' you are getting your info from. Also, you
So now Climate Scientists are experts?
It's called #globalwarming .. look it up... it's like this new thing
Expect plenty more like #Harvey in the future. #ClimateChangeIsReal
Fake News Alert
and as usual you are not doing shit!!!
When once every 500 year floods become annual events it's time to re-think your climate denier stance and start listening to real scientists
As you said "Good luck".
...using science. Which you don't believe in.
We had a 1000 year flood here in Baton Rouge last year and crickets from Obama for days as was golfing. Delayed FEMA and National guard!
How's that wow 
That's a Chinese hoax
Don't celebrate yet dipstick.  There are a lot of people in trouble.
Wow - now experts are calling Trump a once in 500 year f*ck up! We have an all out #Resistance and going well!

Cops "help" the photographer to safety AFTER he was beaten up by Antifa who thought he was Trump supporter. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4828672/Masked-antifa-swarm-Berkeley-rally-assaulting-several.html … 
Harvey is the name of the hurricane idiot!!!
Really? Katrina ring any bells in that empty head of yours? That one  crippled another R President, this one will do the same to you. POS!
#ClimateChange #ScienceIsReal
Wow - Now experts are calling #Trump a once in a 500 year idiot. We have an all out effort going, and going well.
Wow you sound almost proud of this event! I am living it and it is nothing to boast about!
HOUSTON'S THIRD MAJOR FLOOD IN 18 MONTHS.
@POTUS So it upset you that #Harvey got more ratings than your pardoning the Sheriff! #Idiot #ImpeachTrumpNow
Hmmm, could it be #climatechange ?
Trump gets down on his knees every morning and prays for a disaster....
You do know we get the news on our televisions if you want to be a weather forecaster Resign
not going well

#IStandWithTrump
Hopefully like your presidency once in every 500 years.
Wow, do you still think climate change is fake news ?? #ParisAccord
Experts! Experts! Experts!
Real Americans are risking their lives and losing everything right now while you sit in luxury and tweet about how "well" things are going.
Forgot about Katrina huh?
what sre you 8? years old? and bs therr are people trapped in houses while feds are jerking off at Mar-A-Whatever
Following the science can save money on rebuilding areas wiped out by extreme weather. It's a preventative measure.
I only hope you too are a once in 500 year event......
You sure revoking federal flood risk standards is smart, or cutting FEMA's budget, or putting Pruitt in at EPA? Only 12 years since Katrina.
Where are the National Guards to rescue people?
#ClimateChange
because it isn't
Please get psychological help.
And still you deny climate change...
So why prepare for other climatic disaster as you deny climate change and future mega environmental events!You think we are safe for 500 yrs
Unprecedented rainfall. Tragic deaths, billions in damage. What caused this extreme climate event? No predictions, why? What's next? When?
Climate scientists? Those experts?
Using the "Wow" makes me think it's something fantastic that have happened. I would say it's a disaster and so are you!
Of course not rolling back flood protections for individuals would also put America first
While you sit at camp David enjoying your weekend. Can you ever stay in DC for the weekend and maybe work? The presidency is not a 9-5 job
That's climate change...
So much for climate change being a hoax #donthecon
Would those be the same experts warning us about climate change?
Haarp
Thought you didn't listen to weather and climate experts? @realDonaldTrump
Harvey was NOT Katrina. In your fantasized world, everything is always bigger & better. Stop the b.s. & show some balls.
What effort the only people rescuing majority of the people are other Houstonians. The police are trying to do what they can but can't.
Maybe you should listen to experts on climate change. Yeah, CLIMATE CHANGE. Gonna sue me?
Why do you keep saying that things are going well? People are devastated and have lost everything. How about some words of hope.
.@realdonaldtrump Climate change. Will this event change yr mind about that? Even a little? Hard to imagine you can still it. #ClimateChange
It would have gone better if you would not have waited to declare a disaster
WOW! YOUR HURRICANE MIGHT BIGGER THAN BUSH'S!!! #GrowUp
Tell the experts to shove it.
Wow you are even claiming that your hurricanes are the best.
Yes! It's called "global warming" you twit!
We now experience these "once in a lifetime" natural disasters every other year or so. Rethink your obtuse position on climate change!
Stop bragging about the size of the flood and no one gives a shit about your hats
really...going well. Where is your compassion. Had to pat yourself on the back. People are dead. Displaced drowning. Well?
OMG! Five people have died, some injured, many are stranded (including pets), cars & homes destroyed & you say "GOING WELL"? What the Hell?
I think the experts are saying it's global warming
The experts also tell us that climate change is real, and man made. Maybe you should start listening to them.

It's not a "500 year flood" if climate change means it happens every few years.
If you consider people losing their homes, their livelihoods, and some have lost their lives "going good" then I guess you are right
Katrina. Mexico is doing better for this country than your ass ever has or ever will. If you want that wall built, use your own damn money
You're the once in 4 years flood
Good job
And there is no such thing as global warming!!...... Schmuck!


Antifa protesters storm Berkeley rally; at least 13 people were arrested 
Global Warming
Are you proud?
The same experts talk about global warming, I don't think you should believe them about the flood either.
Yeah Donnie, smooth move cancelling EO13653/13690. Smarter people than you saw Houston flooding coming.  See what you have done? Own it. sad
But yet you still deny climate change
"climate change was fabricated by China to make money off America"
But yet you apply for a permit for a seawall to combat rising sea water..
Now you believe the experts? Wow. I guess you do that only when it suits you.
Same experts trying to explain Climate Change to you. But you only choose which facts, polls, friends, etc. You agree with
And you are a once in 200 years failed pos exec officer
Hahahaha
Just do your job. Why is it necessary that you lie and exaggerate everything. #insecurepotus #potusneedslove
You should ask some of those scientists what they think of the Paris Climate Accord. Just a thought…
@Rose4Justice Prayers for everyone in Texas
NOW you believe what #experts say?!?! How is anything going “well”???

#FailPresident #PresidentFail
And the Netherlands somehow stays dry?!?
Experts? Like scientists? The same scientists you denounce as hokum? Interesting.
Wow? People are dying, lives are being ruined, and your comment is Wow? #NotMyPresident
Experts=scientists. Now, will you believe the experts about climate change? You are the problem.
Don't forget to use the disaster to sneak in a few of your despicable policies, Don. I'm sure nobody will notice the timing when you do so.
You are a MORON.  Please resign and save us all! #IdiotInChief
No dopey.  This will now happen once every 20 years according to your experts.  Not good.
Duh, thats what Global Warming does to the world! Are you truly this out of touch with reality? Youre POTUS for G-ds sake! #Unfit2BPresident
Thanks to climate change.
#PINTO
WOULD YOU PLEASE JUST NOT SAY/TWEET ANYTHING?
"2 weeks ago, Trump rolled back regulations to protect against floods" http://cnn.it/2wi9mg9 
This is YOUR TIME to Show ALL of the WORLD what You are made of...
You have My Prayers, as do ALL the People of TEXAS! Now KICK some ASS!
Step away from faux news and your special make donny feel good about himself file.  #45WorstPresidentEver
you guys are working like a well oiled machine and people could not be better. and we all over the country are proud of everyone involved.
The bigger story is the 500 year disaster which is #45.
