Reported daily since 2009 when the upward trend in the market began. In fact, it's *always* reported.
I may be wrong, but isn't there an entire channel devoted to the market? @CNBC
My 401K is performing better than it has in years thanks you you!
The upward swing started in 2009 not January 2017
Arrest #HillaryClinton.  They'll report on that 
#ThanksObama!
Please report on your debts to China and other countries. . Has some been forgiven?
Thanks President Obama !!!!
Happy Birthday Boss!
That is all due to Obama
As much as I like you Mr President, I believe tweeting is hurting your image. Please think about it.
Trump is a waste of human flesh.
the country is behind you President Trump stay strong, and thank you
God bless President Trump and family!
That's OK we don't watch much of msm, we follow you on twitter for your great news!
Your doing a great job! Don't listen to those POS TROLLS!!! Not worth any of your time or mine! Haters is all they are!
re:Great economic news;
Only uninformed  ignorant followers of the Dems aren't aware of the greatness of our POTUS' accomplishments to 
MAGA

I love the t-shirts "is that the truth or did you hear it on @cnn" Should be sold at all airports!! @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
I bet they enjoy the profits!! We cannot fix mean and stupid but we sure can enjoy the daily growth of having your back MR President! MAGA
@Trump2016Chi they want their base to think the country is falling apart and their base is stupid and will believe that
Please sir...you don't  need to tweet. We are on your side.  The libs are using your tweets against you. We love love you!!! MAGA!
#ThanksObama
these are still stats from the last admin. It takes a year for the new admin's stats. Do your research  You lie
Only the 35% FOLLOWERS that support donald trump believe in him, as far as im concern he should be impeached  immediately...
Actuall # of new jobs added to coal industry, 1,000.  Big energy companies are going green bc that's what the ppl want. #china #nitwit!
Hahhaha. Don't kill me by your lies. By the way yesterday cabinet meeting reminded me of the North Korea cabinet meeting. Great.
Do you have a current pic with all your chins?  @realDonaldTrump

Thanks Obama for the country's economic progress @BarackObama
Mr.President Please keep up the good work,love your family &let us defend you on twitter.Ignore the hateful people,they are self destructing
Truth is powerful. Try it sometime
Truth is powerful? Try it sometime?

You hail from England with a spineless Prince and you jam on my president?
Religion of Peace? 

LOL!!
Trump get rid of Tom Price and Jeff Sessions they are not aggressive enough...they are weak....we need someone else with a backbone...
Mr. President can you please find a way to help the homeless within our city of Washington DC. This is the most powerful place in the world
ALL USA money SHOULD GO towards the 100 million public space vessels (2000 people per vehicle), we need to save the entire U.S. population.
I ain't fake news wish I had big money Id personally give it away keep a lil chunk move to Gilligan's Isle I'll build you and Lovie a Hut 
you didn't do anything to make the economy better. How can you take credit for something that happened before u were prez?
Ok thanks Obama
But WHY alienate that nation rather than UNIFY that nation? THAT wud be a worthy PRESIDENTIAL goal.
OMG Excuse MeSorryYou crack me up always begging for adoration
Can I see your data on how great the drilling and energy sector is doing? #AlternateFacts #FakePresident @usatoday @FoxNews @cnn
Thanks again Pres Trump.
I see you haven't tweeted about our 7 dead Sailors yet what are you waiting for why don't you try being presidential for once in your life
Economic news?  Please.  Is it RUSSIAN money in your pocket or Kushner's?  How's that OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE thing going?
You're doing a great job mr. Trump keep up the good work the Democrats have nothing to do but obstruct and the American people are tired
I thought we were making America Great Again. Now this new "Wish" company comes out and makes selling anything difficult when not pay 35% !
I'm with you Mr. President, but isn't about time you spoke to people about the true state of our economy with all the retail stores closing.
You're still riding Obama's economy.
Even an Acorn account is investing, small chg yes, but still investing, your fault if your not doing it.
Market is not so depending on president. Wallstreet bosses are making Trump scapegoat just because they want reason to blame trump
Yes, the rich are getting richer. Why should that make me happy?
you're fake news Donny
Yeah the Obama administration did a great job to produce that didn't they? Glad to see you giving them the credit
#Employment numbers are still under #Obama. U are trying to steal from a black man.  #SAD
You are right Mr.President everything is cofefe or in Bavarian.  Quatsch!!! We are with you in west New Hampshire
1 of many exs. of how #DonCovfefe treats vets
https://twitter.com/AmStillNotYou/status/874620895041552384 …
If blocked, almost certain 1st A viol. Contact me or @AynRandPaulRyan
As @realDonaldTrump has proven many times before, here is how much he appreciates and cares for military, Veterans, their families 
Keep doing what you are doing sir.  Texas is with you!
How many working class Americans have $$ in the stock market?
And you are still using Obama's budget. Can't you do anything?
Hate to tell u but that's all #Obama.
Keep up the great work
You don't think Obama's eight years had anything to do with that?
@RealDTrump2k16 You will NEVER relate to 99 percent of this country. You will never understand struggle or hardship. You are delusional.
We need to cut insurance premiums 60%. I have the plan to do it! I guarantee it Mr. President
#trumptranslation The REAL MSM reports the news that Obama is responsible for DOW and NASDAQ increases. I actually SUCK.
There's kno good economic news 
Pump some money in the legal marijuana industry. My stocks could use a bump
...says the king of all fake news! 
Keep up the good work. I'm behind you 100%
Draft dodging coward
To bad #FakeNews  #MSM  so biased. Thanks Mr. President for your consistent hard work.
two words, Donny. Shut up.
#ImpeachTrump
If you had those fake conservatives like John McCain go home your job would be a lot easier .
Get rid of Ryan, Mueller and McConnell. I want them to go away and we'll be much better off.
I know- it's much more comfortable when no one is calling this clown out on his lies. Trump supporters might as well bury their heads. Sad.
Because it’s all lies. Lied by you. You are a liar.
You didn’t brag about its epic plunge...  why is that @realDonaldTrump
Since I live in a Shithousehole I officially withdraw my retweet and any good comments on Mr Trump and I only say Mr due to the office he holds.
I'm trying to raise money for cancer patients last wish and for meds and transportation and food and rent and other things that Medicare won't pay for so please help me raise money or at least share this post
The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling &am...
Well done, Mr President!
maybe if you say it enough you can believe it
Guess you care about $ more than America and what is happening in Charlottesville,VA. SHAME ON YOU FOR NOT CARING ABOUT American!
Keep building the foundation.  Overshadow their lies and deception.  #MAGA
Mr President you have people going mad.They don't know what to say so their like bully's  getting caught with their hands in the cookie jar.
STILL fake news? It's getting old and stinky, and boring. BTW, please GROW UP!
Tick...
Tock...
Probably because it's favorable.
Dow tripled under Obama.  You have a long way to go to MATCH that performance.
Power Point is an easy thing to use! Keep living in your obama fantasized world my friend, helps you guys sleep at night!
@TheMattCulhane I have a 80' Plymouth Voltaire for sale, you interested?
You are taking away Meals on Wheels, CHIP children's insurance coverage, and many more types of insurance coverages that are needed
Great Job, POTUS, DJ Trump ď
トランプ大統領もうおくってクルナ
We support you we love you our POTUS Trump stay strong the American people see what's going on and you will always have our support. MAGA
Love you President Trump!
The real news is you not saying anything about pride month
Go back to CNBC Maria.   Nah.    They don't want you I'm sure
Mr Trump help me get money to help teen moms pregnant from social media with teases n fantasy that last for Months  they meet first closet
This has nothing to do with you
It has nothing to do with you.
You keep on doing Mr President
Gay
impeach impeach
impeached right now impeached right now
More bloodmoney drilling not good news. Sad
There's nothing to report. It wasn't ur job . It's Obamas you troll
I'd like to see something done about the H1B visa program.
It wouldn't be if not for President Obama! Carry on and admit and give credit where credit is due.
Praying you stay strong an not effected by garbage they throw at you!
No. All fake numbers. All you will just destroy the environment in the name of MONEY. All you care about, MONEY. Yours.
I understand that it's difficult to govern over a nation that didn't actually ELECT you...
renewable  energy i hope
salam
Thay "Can't handle the truth"thay  just keep on crying n wineing over a bunch of senseless mindless BS all thay want is 2  divide our nation
the jesters speaks only in favorable tones to the wanna be king.
Kings do not last long that only hear what they want.
Don't let the Haters get you down! You ARE right! The Majority of this country loves you and your family! – at Keystone Lake
You're wonderful,  President Trump!  Thank you so much!
Need a seriously large wambulance in here!!! GET OVER THE LOSS!! TRY AGAIN NEXT ELECTION!!
Rich get richer yeah same old same old. They told us
Not ur fruit.
and my health insurance will be lost....thanks alot!!
Friday it was down.  It does not stay up consistently.  None of them do.  How dumb do u think we are?  it is not as good as u think.
FYI #MSMmeansGay.  Men who have sex with men.
Mr. President good news doesn't sells much but bad news does, the media news to sell
Dein gejammere geht einen auf die Nüsse. Hast scheiße gebaut also steh auch dazu.
It's so sad. President trump is working so hard.
I think you might as well shut your Twitter account down now you will be out of the White House very soon thank God!!
There is no good news that had ANYTHING to do with you!!  Thanks Obama!!
This is no witch hunt, but hope it ends like one!
crude oil needs a price boost
Échale camarada Trump estás haciendo tu trabajo bien echo ...nos vemos aya donde reina esa energía que sabes existe !!!te amo!!
Ce monsieur est dangereux
Happy Father's Day Mr President ... God Bless you
They are the Fake News
Thank you
That really helped your base.  It only help your rich friends and not your base who voted for u
That's why I don't watch MSM
Lol...you are destroying the middle class to further enrich you and the rest of the oligarchs.
Thank you for all you are doing.  Praying for you and your leadership.
Your great economic news isn't so great. Obama doing better on heels of greatest economic downturn in 80 years (caused by GOP).
Keep up the good work and God bless you
Awesome
Go Trump!
@realDonaldTrump U achievedeverything a man couldhave (or buy?)Even presidency Whydon't u celebrate and stand down for the sake of everyone?
