Preservation of natural beauty begins with no spray tans. It also means bringing out the beauty of others.. not demeaning them #convfefe
On Earth Day remember how much oil is leaking from Dakota pipeline that you could have prevented!!!
When you can't change the world,change your mind. Pez Trump,Thank you for not changing your mind.
Ah, here's a good one. 10 tweets. 2 followers. No profile pic. Definitely NOT a Russian bot, amiright?
Changed your mind though didn't you?
Oh, I see, this is like the way you celebrated sexual assault on women awareness, by denying funds to PP. Now it's defunding the EPA. Got it
But... you're NOT committed to protecting them. In fact, you're doing to harm to all of these things. So, I'm not at all sure what this tweet means. It's just an old man babbling incoherently.
then why did you pull out of the Paris Accord? #hypocrite #ParisAgreement
I knew you would be the person to make our nation great again. Thank you
Right. 108 tweets, no profile pic, joined August 2017. Why don't you just hang up a sign that says, "Russian bot"?
Hypocrite.  You signed HJR 69.
Eww its donald trump
Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural bea...
In the end you will loose Duck, and the end is near..... never sheet the folks in your position! Viking
You're certifiable...
More people showed support for dirt, mud, snow, rain, trees, grass air and sunshine then they did for you at your inauguration!

Bahahahaha!
Love this.
Ty I concisely chose my word on this to ensure that I didn't discredit or disrespect ANYONE'S efforts & contributions to this AWSOME DAY.
Very well put.
Ty
#ParisAgreement numbnuts
Oh the irony

Yes! We should care of our home and preserved the animals that are part of it. They have the right to live.

Remember this? Probably not since you don't give a shit about anything but yourself.
It's a shame there are so many trolls following you that prove their ignorance w every tweet. #MAGA
Ok, You ppl prove by deed that TRump standsbehind those words ! What commitment has he made to protect the planet? Do u believe the  u spew
1. You didn't write this.
2. You don't believe a word of this.
3. You'd sell our beautiful forests, lakes & land for profit.
He would sell his mom and kids to Isis if he could profit... why should he care about preservation???
You're committed to the fossil fuel industries and your own bank account. That's it.
This sorry excuse for a man would sell his mama, wife and kids to ISIS if he knew he'd turn a profit
Is this supposed to be a joke? You are the worst thing that's happened to the US environment in generations.
Well HE IS A JOKE. He's so crazy, so f*** delusional that he forgets the Shek he says and does
Then why allow people to kill bears and cubs in dens? You can at least put a stop to an inherently cruel, sad, and wasteful act. Please.
He won't because he totally believes in savage behaviour towards animals
.@POTUS, you signed an EO allowing coal sludge to be dumped into streams. I guess this is your idea of 'natural' beauty:
"...if only it came in orange..."
Oohh. Maybe he's like the Goldfinger urban legend. All that orange gook has been choking the oxygen from getting to his brain.
Fun! I hadn't heard of that one, but I soon found this about it. -Ed
That's it! 
…which is why you're eliminating the EPA? This is kind of like you telling small business owners to buy American. smh
By preserve the natural beauty of our nation you mean sell our national parks to the wealthy & corporations? #TranslateTrump
You haven't done a single thing you've promised to do your first 100 days. #failure
What happened to the independent investigation into Hillary? Or the voter fraud investigation? Or the Obama "wiretapp" investigation?
Trump's version of Earth Day.
& to all the Trump ppl shouting "clean coal!": Clean coal is like saying alternative fact. The words just don't belong together.
The people who tout "clean coal" are the same people who say that man-made global warming is a giant hoax lol
And climate change has been happening for millions of years before humans on this planet, many catastrophic events happened before humans.
way more people expressed disgust with you today than attended your inauguration!
The spa? Get real next these snowflake bozos are going to say that paying carbon footprint fines will save the future
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
Then why are you rolling back regulations that protect our air and water?Your words are not beautiful. Neither are you, inside or out.
Hahahahaha! You are such a liar! You stand committed to burning it all down to enrich yourself and your cronies. HYPOCRITE. UTTER HYPOCRITE.
by taking away the EPA?  another hypocritcal statement.
I feel like throwing up when I read this. Did you have somebody else write it or are you so divorced from telling the truth that you did?
You're one big walking talking hypocrite not to mention the lies to spew out of your mouth on a daily basis
Liar
"Great idea sir...almost all countries taken for granted on by negligence on forest&lakesProtections."
Who celebrates our planet? You , Exxon, and the Billionaires club? Your idea of preserving natural beauty is shooting a lion!
#HYPOCRITE
Then PLEASE don't cut 30% from the EPA budget? Do the people in Flint, MI have clean water yet? God created earth for us to maintain nature.
I can't even. There are no words for the irony and insanity in this.
I don't believe you actually care about any of the forests, lakes or land. Prove us wrong- show any of those some thoughtful concern.
Wow you boys really have a hard- on for @realDonaldTrump!! Like a jilted lover, elections have consequences...Remember?
- please stop tweeting! You are delusional!
Hypocrite! #DonTheCon
Hahahahaha. No really Hahahahaha
If you care about clean air & clean water, then why the hell did you cut the EPA budget by >30%??  U ARE A LIAR!!
You never celebrate anything but yourself. You worship nothing but yourself.
You stand committed to nothing except lying, bullying, and bragging. Sad.
LIAR.
Your administration is the worst steward of our earth EVER!How can you just spew bullshit hypocrisy 24/7?
"Earth has been doing great things. Her contributions have been getting more and more recognized, it seems. Believe me, no one respects...."
We love you.
We'll see
Liar
Trump is just catering to the base that elected him so in 2020 he has a chance to get re-elected.
Your monument wall will hurt the "natural beauty of our nation." It will block migrating animals & take people's land. But sure you care. 
some hippy hacked trumps account he doesn't give a shit about the earth #fakenews
I don't believe you.
no, you do not and have not
Strange thing to celebrate this day while still spreading that climate change isn't real...
Beauty is impossible without health.
Liar.
The ones you plan or already in the works of defunding. Hypocrite. Idiotic
I can't believe you have written this. You have done more in 100 days to threaten the planet than anyone before you. You're a charlatan
Thanks why cut funding to the EPA jackass
You're the biggest joke on earth. #notmypresident #pussybitesback #prayforamerica #
You, by all means, are old eough to remember Love Canal and acid rian. I guess acid rain, unless it mars your Ivory Tower, doesn't mean zip.
Alternative facts
That's simply bullshit.
If you wanna preserve our nations beauty then why don't you believe in climate change? It's real just like your "hair"
WTF do you care about the earth you are 70 years old!
How can you even say that with a straight face???
If you stood for Earth Day you wouldn't be dismantling the EPA. Stop lying to the American public. Be honest, tell them you don't care.
So give the National Parks the proper funding they need to look after them.
Enjoy it while it last it's all going to change  thanks to your ignorance and greed...
How can you say that donald?  oh yeah, you're a liar...
What bull shit! Your actions say otherwise. #DAPL #EPA #coalminers
Which certainly is important but Citizens have to understand that there are more critical issues that u must address and help 1st
So you ARE going to fully fund the EPA and other environmental groups?
Thumbs up!
Please they are taking down the monuments in Nola New Orleans because of racism but this is history before racism please help
#EarthDay doesn't need your false endorsement thanks: #climatechange deniers are why we need it in the first place. #EPA
We NEED Science to move forward and be able to compete in the international economy--that will get us more jobs than coal and oil.
. You're a hypocrite.  And worse, you're a threat to mankind.
Really?  Everything you've done so far is kind of the opposite of that.  Or do you actually stand for ANYTHING? #WEAreSickofYou
You're not committed. You've cut EPA and the Department of interior funding to a shoestring. You're really earning your Liar-in-Chief title.
Your actions are louder than your empty words
U r such a liar. U will do everything u can to destroy the environment.
Yes way to go way to go
Don't forget your best & honest friend is UK
But you continue to destroy the EPA, invite big business to polite at will, sell our National Monuments, etc??
You spelled "selling the natural beauty" incorrectly.
#ConManTrump #LiarTrump
#TrumpRussia #TrumpTreason
#FakePOTUS #WeAreSickOfYou
I cannot believe this came from YOU, the guy wanting to eliminate the EPA!
As you work tirelessly to destroy it all. Hypocrite.
You didn't need to tweet this sister golden hair. Your actions against science and climate change denial speak for themselves.
Okay, u got jokes! The only beauty u respect is the kind YOU create like Mara Lago, EPA choice shows how u really feel abt Gods creation
Really?
Any forests left in Manhatten?
You're a pitiful man.
Yeah No celebration for ice. Their rapid melting is fake news
Omg right like all that conservation you're doing with #DAPL
Ha! You're no fucking Lorax.
Do you even keep track of your lies?
Lol
Is that why you polluted our waters? 
but do you though?
BS!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ... 
Then WHY are you cutting the budget??
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL. Is it April Fools Day ? Is F'N kidding ?
احلف
#No_Fly_Zone_4Rojava
How can you deregulate coal and the talk  about saving the environment? Pathetic. Keep RICH #AmericaFirst #Liar
Our nation? What about the world? What's really wrong with you? 
Mais et pourtant quant on parle de réchauffement climatique vous pensez que c'est des futilités Mr Trump
The very ones you plan on desecrating?  Actions speak louder than your empty words
Fake news
Can you only get off by lying? Either way you've got a problem, you lying two-faced hack!
The most insane, insincere, hypocritical tweet so far. Beggars belief that his supporters STILL think he gives a shit about them or America
Then don't cut EPA funding!!!
#seewhatisaynotwhatidopotusliar
How?  By gutting the eps.  SAD
There will be no positive legacy. You will leave only destruction of your entire family line. Think about that. That is your legacy. Resign
Someone steal your phone again?
yes we need to before you fuck it all up!!!
You meant to say: you stand committed to KILLING the natural beauty of our nation. Your actions speak louder than your tweets.
This is coming from someone who thinks climate change is a myth.
So says the ass clown eliminating the EPA.
Enjoy it now before Trump and his so called cabinet ruin this planet and society. Sad!
Is THAT what we're doing!? Funny, I thought you were taking away protections for the environment! Who needs an EPA #FAKEPRESIDENT
Right.  Right.  That's why you're wanting to take away our national monuments.
Yet you and your swamp thing buddies #notdrainedyet, have taken money away from those lakes and forests. #stoppattingyourselfontheback.
Biggest liar and hypocrite ever. Make America smart again.
THEN DON'T GET RID OF THE EPA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Then why are you defunding the agencies in charge of protecting them, deregulating env protections and issuing gag orders on climate change?
You just signed an executive order to sale off our national forests.. You fraud!
I don't see you are doing anything to help preserve our nation. Why are you cutting programs.  You can't have it both ways
Well to be honest money is green like forests, lakes clear like my eyes & our land is brown like the SH*T that comes out of your mouth!
don't act like you care when you obviously don't. #LiarTrump
Lying as usual.
you literally said climate change is a hoax. lmaoooooooo you aren't committed to preserving shit about the environment
The only thing you stand committed to is sucking all the oil you can get from the land.
You can like freeze the mines anybody Crossing this perimeter with a electronic blast resonating in the brain sorry I give too much
The ones you want to eliminate.  Come on, is this really Barron tweeting?  Go to bed Barron.
Bullshit. Another lie. The only time you see nature is when Trump boys have killed a beautiful animal on safari and they have it mounted
Awesome!
bahahahahaha I bet the last time you spent in a "forest" was in Central Park
Omg. You're insane.
Hypocrisy on your part
No your not committed to save our earth just your wallet
Ivanka must have written this tweet!!! Or Pres Obama...lol
Really now! Tell me how?
