A judge should not have power to override the president. Can you change that? Please!
amen I agree with you on that. That's not right
Thank you for bringing this to our attention, Herr Hitler & Comrade Stalin!
In case you haven't noticed, nobody just waltzes into the US you nectarine narcissist
I believe I'm obligated to steal #NectarineNarcissist (which, IMHO, just won the internets for all of 02/17)
We Australians want a clone of the Don to help us make us great again.
I love your country as much as I love my own, but you can have the original if you personally want him
I spent 3mths on west coast USA up to10/11. It was obvious to me Trump would win and he did!!
You
Come an tocoming came OK to badsurr e bad spelling see why try make better e I intent god dam ant
President Trump states it is not proper between the government and the judge unless he's going to write his honor which occurs and prefix Lord word means what put your name meant between and will get back to you later with promise you really you can take that to the Grave
Why worry about it? You've got enough home grown nutters with bad intentions, no need to panic. Last weeks school shooting in Florida was a classic example.
THE FAMILY COURTS ARE DESTROYING OUR CHILDREN...KIDS 4 CASH...FFEDERAL FUNDING DOLLARS!!! NAZI'S
donald trump sucks why do you retweet him
wrong I can't even call u my president your not Obama will always be mine you got a kkk trying to speak at a college
it's trying to remain a democracy, in contradiction to what you're trying to do
YEAH, whats our country coming to when a man with absolutely no experience in government—and no common sense—is running it?
don't you mean what is your country coming to when the president thinks he can overrule a judge?
So misleading, many other systems remain in place to properly vet, don't have a temper tantrum over judicial guidance @realDonaldTrump
Maybe you could ask Frederick Douglass for advice. More and more I hear he's quite a guy.
seriously?! It's coming to recall it's not a dictatorship! Just a glint of the past, don't worry your facism is still going
Separation of powers! Sad!
- nor do foreign national share equal rights to US Citizens. Judge Robart decision will be overturned rapidly.
do your job properly; nobody get's hurt
it's called checks & balances!  You've got checked! That's why we have a system in place.  We live in a democracy!
The bad people are already here....you, Bannon, Pence and your followers.
What is our country coming to when a president chooses unconstitutional actions and attacks judge? #dump2steves
It's called the Separation of Powers. Also, there's a difference between a law and an executive fiat.
Where were these judges when Obama made many unconstitutional executive orders. Very scary times. Wake up people.
Can you count to three? If you can, that's how many equal branches of gov. we are supposed to have. We aren't a monarchy.
I know right! 
A rational sense of checks and balances...or was that a rhetorical question #discouraged blue dog
u got yr ass handed 2 u by the rule o law today, sucka. Eat em and smile, it's America at it's finest! #JailTrump #LockEmUp
Wow!!! Hissy fit much? What is our country coming to???? Awake!!! You and your band of liars woke many up. Get ready...
your ignorance is astounding. How have you managed to get so old? I mean so far?
You're more of a threat to the U.S., international peace and democracy than any terrorist.#Trumpterrorist
go wet your depends maybe that make you TELAC. Oeam U are on Another 4 mil. Tax payer v-cay. (Psst..Only been 2 weeks)
Politecs ahead I of American people. Why we elected you
How can anyone dislike the fact that the President wants to keep all Americans safe?  I can't understand it.
Your tantrums show how much you don't understand gov't. Did you sleep through civics class or did Daddy pay for grades?
Keep asking Bannon for advice.  You guys make a great Abbott & Costello team.
That's called checks and balances, bro. #NoWallNoBan
Where were the protests & lawsuits when Obama did it for 6 month for Iraq? So tired of these liberal hypocrites
not anyone can and you know it. There are current and strict vetting procedures.  Quit pandering fear!
oh and btw (by the way) your grand parents were immigrants too.
kick ass
That is what many of us are wondering? What is wrong with this so called judge? Fire that judge!
. @realDonaldTrump What is the country coming to when the POTUS doesn't remember the 8th grade Civics lesson on checks and balances?
its senses
I have the complete Schoolhouse Rock collection on DVD. Do you want me to loan it to you?
you are the so-called president and you have nothing but bad intentions. Can we kick you out?
.@realDonaldTrump feels like, against all odds, you're getting dumber?
how does this happen! I keep thinking "could he be stupider than we though (which was pretty FUCKING stupid)?"
he's out to set records
You should be DE PORTED!
sorry detective lmao! Hop off your sister and step out into the world every once in a while. stop being so angry.
Oh it's you the illegal dick weed again. I caught your weak attempt to be funny. Speaking of hopping how did you get here?
you really need to enroll in an intro to American politics class. Can't believe you have no idea how this works.
Why don't you give your sister a call? Oops! Too late! I hear she's good! You should have talked to her more!!!!
Um, your profiles suggests you espouse "common courtesy." Hopefully this isn't what you mean. #mouthbreather
Sister is well respected federal judge He is a well known, misogynist. Perhaps he could have listened to her more??  #ref.???
@realDonaldTrump it's called the Constitution. If this order had been drafted by following the law, you wouldn't be having this issue.
Ban The danger weapons now sir
Vowing to purge anyone who doesn't share your beliefs, hmmm, you must be a real patriot. (That's sarcasm, btw)
this doesn't sound like a death threat or anything. /sarcasm
Whats our country coming to when a boy president tries to ban an entire religious group from entering the country?! The travel ban was haulted because it is disgusting, unconstitutional, illegal & is reminicent of Hitler & Nazi Germany.
You should have known the law before you took the job. I think NOT knowing is impeachable.
It's called democracy, you should read up on it.
FF  @ANGERCURE  THEN YOU CAN MAKE WISE DECISIONS!
@SafetyMentalst SAYS "YOU ARE NOW GOVERNMENT PROPERTY AS I IN #Army !
What is this country coming to when the courts insist on upholding the constitution and. halting illegal actions by a president - even one with bad intentions?
Technically he can't just ignore it and put your travel ban in place since when do the Dems listen to The Courts when they disagree
You work the Presidency like a fast food job. Watching the clock to punch out. Part time president?
Your an illegal president your not the president you did not win it was stolen by Russia who owns you!
A country that will let anyone, even with bad intentions, be the president.
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions,...
Yes, please protect us from those Academy award nominees with their terrible intentions. But let's make sure those hate & anger filled Americans can get their AR-15s.
@SafetyMentalst - YOU ARE NOW "GOVERNMENT PROPERTY" AS I WAS IN THE ARMY 
#FF @AngerCure  WISE DISSENSIONS  W/O #ANGER !!
.@realDonaldTrump what do you mean "what is it coming to?" This is how it's been. That's like saying "Men have dicks what's it coming to?"
- this is how it's been, thus why shit happens in our country.
Nope. Shit happens in every country in the world. America is no different.
Except @tlums @Bizcanes @chrisdelia no "shit" has happened bc of a refugee from the 7 banned countries since 1975 #NoBanNoWall
it is the lazy jobless on disability left. They have nothing better to do.
also a Judge is a part of the branch of gov't that CAN stop you so get used to it. Besides u love lawsuits right? #Litigate
we the people are tired of whiny arse crybaby libs,whose gravytrain is coming to a screeching halt
you know I didn't call you a name so I'm not sure why that was necessary.
I'm offended when people who claim to be Patriots don't support our POTUS esp when they live on freedom
A patriot is someone who defends the US constitution. Instead, you support a man who violates it
According to US District Judge James Robart the part about religious discrimination.
Also the Emoluments Clause, but that can't be proven w/o seeing his tax returns.
This country is coming to where it's always been: rule of law. If you didn't have amateur advisors, they'd have told you.
Don't get mad just because you didn't know the goddamn rules when you took the job, dick cheese.
HEY NOW! That's PRESIDENT Dick Cheese.  Carry on.
I hope he gets a paper cut and forgets and uses hand sanitizer and it burns real fucking bad.
I hope he gets an itch on the inside of his asshole that can only be scratched with a broken bottle.
well that escalated quickly.  
yeah, I've put a lot of thought into it lately.
it's how a democratic republic works Sir. If you  sacrifice your freedom for security you will loose both.  Ben Franklin.
