Here's a thought, you slothfully indifferent malcontent, cut down on the TV, golf, & Tweeting, vet qualified people & nominate them.
You tell him!
Well maybe if you would stop nominating such derelicts...
I think we all know who the real derelicts are. One need look no further than the Clinton Crime Family for real dereliction of duty.
Totally agree with you!
Time for recess appointments Mr President.
seems like there's too much obstructing on Republican side also. Need to root the BAD ones OUT. The SWAMP includes more than Dems
The Republican obstructionists are the problem.  We have enough votes if they weren't obstructing.
They have turned me into a repbulican voter.  Some repbulicans need to be replaced too. America first not siding with democrats.
Absolutely Agree , America First
In a more perfect union, our representatives from both sides of the aisle would find common ground in the best interest of our nation.  Sad!
Oh like the republicans didn't hold up ANYTHING for Obama! GMAFB
Bwahahahahahaaaaaa the 'president' is so dumb you can tweet at him like a common troll bwahahahahahaaaaaa 
Let them take this impeachment- Russian-obstruct bs into 2018 elections ..its will be the end of that party.
End of repubs, praise Allah.
My friend, you're taking yourself a bit too seriously. Take a breath, it's a joke. I don't agree w/you but we can disagree nicely, right? 
Don't see any response from me in this conversation... so yes... we can agree to disagree ... but have no clue about what...
Allah and the trans-freaks are going to cost the Dems what little power they have left in governent
The woman rides the beast ..... It all makes sense now
Here's some facts for you. definitely not fake #DrainTheSwamp #TrumpFail #Propaganda #TheResistance #StrongerTogether #UnitedWeStand
Remember Merrick Garland you treasonist asshole!
If we think of views as rational or irrational & not liberal or conservative then at least we start the discussion with objectivity. #MAGA
Time to DE-DEM Washington DC
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan SUSPEND ALL BUSINESS IN CONGRESS UNTIL EVERY SINGLE ONE OF OUR DULY ELECTED PRESIDEN'S NOMINEES ARE CONFIRMED!
Damn RINO's ARE NEXT TO GO!!!
You fool!  The Repubs control the Senate...Democrats cannot slow things down it only takes a simple majority to confirm..Dope
senators can literally choose to drag it out as long as they want by continuously assigning more and more committees to investigate...
But Republican Senators control the committees and can send it on as quickly as they want.
They need to Stop their whining, roll up sleeves, get to work, and put egos aside, get it done."

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
What is slow is your agenda. Pick up the pace and fire anyone who gets in the way. MAGA!
They should have so many days to confirm each one then fine them for every day they go over
Stop pretending you care about politics. The time for make-believe is over.
The Senate AND House are both GOP tilted, so no one is obstructing anything but you and your distractions.  Try appointing competent people!
You mean like GOP obstructed Merrick Garland or how Casandra Butts spent the last 835 days of her life waiting for GOP confirmation?
You have taken ages to nominate people because you have no idea how to govern. You are incompetent at governing as Don Jr. is.
Is it out of fashion to call out The Donald for typos?
There again they should not be able to do this it hurts the country the are to support
Time to plan some defense here, reopen #hillary investigation!!! American People deserve the truth!! We have your back!! 
Get over it. Worry about the actual pres?
Open your eyes, #Hillary is the key to why my "pres" is being investigated, hes nothing but a #Democrat fall boy, to cover their crimes!
Appoint them as Czars. That's how Obama got away with it.
Senate Democrats have nothing to do with this. @GOP has the majority and there is no excuse. This is ALL on you buddy.
Then appoint them during the recess. George Bush did that because of dems so you should also
Why don't you try to be the POTUS and unite people.
Mr. President remember now you work  for the American people and this is not a family business
Stupid McConnell needs to change the rules.
#FIRE OBAMA'S BUREAUCRATS
Kick McConnell in the ass to get him moving. @KellyannePolls @tedcruz @KatrinaPierson
The demos in congress are a Big Problem. Who just voted for sex change ops . for the military ?? but can't vote on anything else. 
Literally what Republicans did for 8 years under Obama.
@POTUS Trump KEEPS #Winning
Catch me on #MAGAFIRSTNEWS w/@PeterBoykin
8pm est Mon/Wed/Thurs http://AmericanPoliticalRadio.com 
Together Let's #MAGA !
I wonder why...
Dem are so selfish and Un caring to Americans. This proves it if u are a dem dump them now
Must trust God to move the garbage out in the 2018 elections.
@onlydutt Donny baby, we need that new Apple plant to be built in the US, c'mon let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The exact same thing the Republicans did for 8 years
That's because the Left is Anti-American and only care about lining their own pockets over the safety of us citizens.
Well, but first you have to make the nomination, which you have not.
Except republikkkans control house and senate. Not dems fault u Putin loving traitor.
This is true sir but please do something to make this pathetic majority we have in both houses be more than lillies in this damn swamp.
Donny boy has appointed more swampy people
I think you'll find Jr doesn't have authority to appoint anyone ;)
@EEEHSE Between Dems obstruction & GOP sabotage the only support Trump has is from American people! That's enough actually.
I am so sick of Democrats hurting our country! Vote them all out and criminally charge most of them!
That's because the Democrats & Rinos are spending more time on tv begging for money and preaching against you then at their job.
American's are aware that Dems are trying to thwart your agenda. It is despicable. Mid-terms will tell us how effective Dems/Media have been
At least someone is still doing their job
The Democrats act like cartoon characters in a comic book
And what about the other 1000 you havent filled. You have no clue on how to run the govt.  You are well ahead of your ski's
Quit complaining and lead. Oh that's right, you're a #temporarypresident
Keep this before your constituents.
They learned this by watching the Republicans for 8 years. Perhaps you should encourage them to work with you.
Well it doesn't help that you have failed to even nominate people for hundreds of positions, now does it?
Recess appointments......
Well maybe if good old Mitch McConnell grew a pair things would move along
This is criminal in my book. They will be voted out!
Time to vote out the RINOs and replace them with Patriots who love America and stand behind the President!
If Republicans like Ryan would speak up and demand Hillary be charged they media attention would finally focus on criminal actively.
sorry to say but McConnell, Ryan Preibus all seem to remain silent. when they should be scream hillary Obama  illegal activities.
Maybe it is not the Dems who are to blame but the way of selecting your staff. (Skills are more important than rewards for support)
Whenever Dems reclaim the White House, god forbid, we'll have to give them a dose of their own game! Paybacks a bitch!
We'll wait until your impeached, and Pence too! Your going down, we're a democracy not a autocratic government!
Isn't that exactly what McConnle did during the 8 years of Obama? Didn't he say that's what he was doing publocally. It's politics dude.
All you do is whine and lie.
You couldn't win on your own, so your #russian friends tip the scale in your favor. #impeachtrump #liar @Trump_Regrets
With the kind consideration that @SenateMajLdr gave Obama picks, you would think that @SenateDems would give you the same respect.
even democrats see what is happening, many have said they will never vote for a dem again
@sgtdaikon umm that would be Hillary Clinton and John Podesta Dr. Gu re: collusion...
Obstruction is all they have left. If you succeed Democrats are done for 2018 and 2020.
The Senate Republicans are also obstructionists. Ready the recess appointments.
You'll have 8yrs to MAGA we have to clean out the SWAMP 1st. Nov 2018 I believe they're 34 seats running. 9 Republicans. We have your back 
Maybe it's time to put a time is of the essence! If they can not do their jobs! Sign executive order & have witnesses confirm y/nominee s
The Dems are turning off everyone with their CONSTANT anti-AMERICAN agenda and INSANE obstructionist ideology. FED UP AND TIRED! 
Democrats are lame and do not deserve to ever be in power again. PRESIDENT TRUMP TILL 2024 IVANKA 2024-2032 AMERICA NEEDS THE TRUMPS
Maybe if you didn't nominate people deliberately who have been against the very depts they will head? Just a guess!
All you can do is lie and steal. Sometimes no action is a great act of resistance.
They're dragging us down.Dems want to Make America A HellHole
This is ridiculous. Are there no procedure and ruled of conduct in meeting Manuel we can find to fix them and get your people in. There must
THEY'RE DIRT-BAGS,  HOPEFULLY THEY'RE NEVER IN POWER AGAIN.
Oh you are distracting with this again. Yawn.
Please purge the gov't agencies of all Obama holdovers and replace with capable people.
Donny, have you forgotten that you have THE MAJORITY?

All hail OUR #ApricotMessiah
#EmbarrassingInChief #SAD
Oh and you had a concept that you could steal, we used to call that kind of people copycat in our school. #JaggaJasoos certainly remembers
The party that does the best at filibustering.  The only thing they know what to do besides bullying.

I tried to tell you; but why listen to me? I'm not Hamilton. I'm A Hamilton Spirit.

#ThatsHowWeResist @GOP @DNC #ResistTrump…
Republicans have a majority, they should able to pass without any dems. Get your own house in order before criticizing someone else’s.
The "R's did the same thing with President Obama, that's politics.  So what is your point Mr. President?
Complaining won't make it better. Appoint them ALL when August Recess comes.
They can't confirm nominees that you haven't even nominated yet, chowderhead.
You should go grab them and hold them against their will....you know,  like the French First Lady.
Sad group. Not working for the people who put them in office!
Once again- It is the GOP members that set the agenda. Go Bitch at Mitch - he's the one who isn't doing his job. He's too busy killing ACA
This is unconscionable and completely deliberate.They have no scruples and delight in the disdain they have for Trump AdminTY 4 ing POTUS
So in other words, the same thing the Republicans did the last eight years? #WhatsGoodForTheGoose
Don't pass any laws with Dimmes advocacy in them- focus On getting obama People out.
U r too nice! Destroy them all! Cut off their $! They don't deserve their pay or their pensions! Because they are not doing their work!
Stop feeding them, don't trust McCain , Graham, or McConnell it Ryan
Did the democrats cry this much for 8 years? I didn't follow politics back then, so just curious.
hearings. Problem seems to b there aren't enough people who want 2 work 4 this admin.Doesn't that suggest 2 u time 4 change
They shouldn't be in office they are holding the American people hostages by their unwillingness 2 make America great again
Wtf. Do you know how it all works???
Who the F asked you
There should be a. Umber of days made as law and after that they should have to stay till all done
All the GOP did for 8 years is obstruct. We learned from the best!
Americans will wake up from the nightmare we are in and get your ignorant self out of the WH.
Thank goodness Repulicans didn't obstruct Obamas nom.... oh wIt, they did
Psst... @GOP couldn't #win , so they shut down the #Government , #obstructed , refused 2 do their #Jobs .
Keep tweeting this daily! Tell Amer Ppl how badly Dems R Obstructing our Forward Movement!
Very similar to how Repubs obstructed Obama's Supreme Court nominee.
Cant you fire them? If I dont do my JOB I get fired
Mr. President, we will make sure they will not win in 2018 either.
I see the swamp gas has settled in again
LIKE PATHETIC CRYING SPOILED BRATS!!!
Democrats have no answers, no policies, no help!
If you chose candidates that were competent, experts in their fields. There would be no problem.  Instead: losers, ignorant losers.

Sounds like the GOP of the last 8 years #karma #vetagensttrump
The Senate Democrats are useless, but Senate Republicans are not really your friend either. #DumptheSwamp @Carolin17951107 @OpinionOnion7
RECESS APPOINTMENTS!!!!!
You haven't even nominated for 384 positions. Unworthy candidates that have to be screened for Russian collusion.  Laziest president ever.
. . . unlike your son-in-law, daughter, or Donnie Jr.
Dems prefer that nominees actually KNOW how to do the job rather than just being your toady. . . go figure!
They need to work until they are caught up! Forget vacation Don't deserve. #NoProduceNoPay
I wish there was a mad button because THAT MAKES ME SO MAD ! I have always voted dem.  am now rep. And will never look back !
Your nominees stink- unqualified ass kissers should not be approved
Geez, it's Obama, the Democrats, the Freedom Caucus, Hillary, Fake Media, etc. Doesn't it drive you crazy to be such a clueless victim?
are you high? did our forget who is running Senate?
YES! Resisting the tyranny of an egomaniacal imbecile! THAT is how we make America great again. #Resist
Republicans need to become more aggressive
That's all the Dumb Ass Democrats know how to do....besides Lie, Cheat & Steal, seek to destroy. ...Oh that sounds like Satan's followers!
Send them Love and Flower Pedals of Tears as they award 2018 and 2020 simultaneously. SERIOUSLY they are a minority vote get SHIT Done GOP.
I guess this is why a 120 Obama appointees are still in power!
They believe they are winning by obstructing. GOP not fighting hard enough to move things along. That's the perception anyway. Am I wrong?
Can't use that tweet until 2019. Until then it is Senate Republicans that have the majority.
Rush Limbaugh just called it a silent coup, today. Can we arrest the traitors from the media, first?
.@POTUS not nominating the presidents appointees is embarrassing to the Republicans #followme #girl #Trump #tbt #russia #tbt
.@POTUS Democrats are doing nothing but slowing down the process somebody put a fire under their ass and pass the presidents appointees
There's also a whole lot of Swamp 
President Trump is trying to move forward. So tired of obstructionist right left or Center!
Like Republicans did the last 8 years?! Oh no, not them!! What a joke!
It's hurting us the ppl of The United States of America  #MAGA
Hope someone uses brakes. Stop running country over cliff.
I think you mean the Republican majority has only confirmed... Repubs control all 3 branches of govt. But your failures are dems' fault?

Sounds like it's time to start voting Demoshlubs out!
@JeffMerkley @RonWyden Why is this so? You guys are lazy. Get to work.
Quit crying and make a deal that is what they ELECTED you for you crybaby so no more winning SIR you are the PRES for now so go to work!!
Best negotiator as you claim,  can't keep his house in control.  weak & disgraceful president in American history.
They learned from experience! #lasteightyears
tRump has created two parties republicans and Americans and he has pitted them against each other. #Impeach45 #TrumpShouldResign
I'm not sure you understand how things work, what hypocrisy means, or the fact that what you say shouldn't always (ever) be done.
Reverse projection her Donald.  You are describing the Republicans....not the Democrats.  SAD!!
WE the PEOPLE know this MR. PRESIDENT and WE STAND UNITED BEHIND YOU. Even 10 year old children across America see through these Democrats
How is this the Dems' fault? Isn't the GOP in charge? They already went nuclear on SCOTUS appointments and rigged DeVos's committee hearing.
BTW, how's Repeal and Replace going?
I'm a mean old Democrat. I've never been more proud to be blue
Maybe it's because they are COVFEFE
UNITED WE STAND &  DIVIDED WE WILL FALL.   THE PEOPLE IN
THIS COUNTRY JUST DON'T GET IT.  THEIR MAIN OBJECTIVE IS TO
BRING YOU DOWN. SHAME.
Let's make sure not one Dem wins another election AS they are operating against best interests of US citizen. Take out billboards on this
It's totally amazing all the losers in govt you have managed to find!
If you would nominate people they would get a hearing can't blame Dems anymore GOP has control of both houses of Congress, dipshit
@FluffyDogAttack   It's time folks, let's roll, March on D.C. Perhaps???
What goes around comes around.
Dems are lazy, unprofessional &WRON if they think Americans R impressed w/ their juvenile behavior. Blessed w/job 2lazy 2work. Fire the RATS
Goofball, the Republican Party controls the House. THEY are obstructing you because THEY know your ideas suck!! THEY now need to impeach U
You STILL don't know how this process works?! #itmfa
They are apparently all criminals!'
#Senate @GOPSenate & @SenateDems haven't done their jobs in yrs! We ALL NEED 2 replace them all! Sick of #Senate & #House killing r Country
Maybe we should be bring in thd Russians to help you. I think it's not the Democrats...it's ur stamina...u r looking weak..need a nap?
Good for them. You should change your name to traitor family.
