For years, even as a "civilian," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally ...
YOU ALL FAILED TO TAKE AWAY CARE FOR 23 MILLION AMERICANS & if you EVER DO, WE'LL VOTE AGAINST ALL GOP CANDIDATES! #Resist
Mr. President please tell the Hawaiian judge the travel ban stays in place and if he doesn't like it he can take it to Supreme Court,
Can't we just have your "big beautiful health care plan" touted on campaign trail?  Just email it to Whimp Ryan and Flabby-Neck Mitch?
hay
waiting for an American catastrophe that is Trump
Yah Trump
'they' 
Just abolish it , please @POTUS .. we don't want ANY government healthcare. We want government OUT OF OUR LIVES  #Please
I LOVE how you put "civilian" in quotation marks. BRILLIANT!

#CnnisfakenewsCNN is Fake News! 
It makes sense economically to find a solution to HC then tackle tax reform...
Yes It's more then time 2 get rid of that scam
This program is killing people
Paying insurance or putting food on the table Repeal & Replace
For years as a "civilian" we listened to you &your garbage claims about #birtherism and all your other uninformed opinions #duped #whocares
I've said it before, they totally tick me off.  Their Health Care Bill should have been on your desk Day 1 Mr. President . Can't trust em.
Congress needs to put in more hours to get these big issues resolved. Give em hell Mr. President.  #MAGA
Why did you put civilian in quotes? Were you not one the whole time prior to being president?  #PatheticPotus
Now, as "president," you listen to Putin about cyber security and ignore your oath of office. Soon, Mueller will have his chance! #Unfit
#Killers
Keep the pressure on republicans
Now as "President", even with your own party in charge, you're finding out how hard it is to get it done. The buck stops w/ you #DealMaker.
Too bad they don't actually have a plan that actually improves access to Healthcare, just a tax break for the upper 1%as is typical.
They are showing us that the GOP can't get anything accomplished even when they have all the power.
And for years, you can watch more things from your cell.
Worst president in history
And we learned that they are just liars.
Why did you put civilian in quotations. You were literally a civilian.
He's so GD dumb.
Now they need to get off there hunches
Civilian is in quotes because he's actually a Russian spy
They?
I bet you can tell us all  you know about repeal and replace in 140 characters. Go back to sucking up to Russia.
Muster some courage and get to work Congress.
Let's do it!

3 Years, 6 Months, 10 Days, 20 Hours, 52 Minutes, and 49 Seconds
Till reelection! #maga
WHY IS CIVILIAN IN QUOTES?? DO YOU EVEN ENGLISH BRUH?
He is just full of butt hurt because Republicans have control  and he still can't do shit.
Or he's still butt hurt after meeting his master if you know what I mean 
Republicans can't get out of their own way.  Everything is money. Money. Money.  And you are no help at all.  Loser Russia.  Racist.  Taxes.
Now that they know what it would do to people and how the country doesn't want them to do it, there's no shame in changing course.
... but there would be enormous, tragic shame if they went ahead and stripped tens of millions of Americans of health insurance coverage.
All you have to do, Mr. President, is say publicly that the GOP plan would break your campaign promise of covering everybody. Be a hero.
Obama care stinks it's a check and money for Medicaid wake up!
 Here are  7 things YOU can do  RIGHT NOW to #Resist the #Trump agenda and set the stage for #ImpeachTrump: https://www.youtube.com/w 
There's nothing you can do he's done nothing wrong unless you watch CNN and then you're just well uninformed.
BREAKING NEWS: Inside The Mind of A Trump Voter 
3 #Trump loving archetypes. (Can u spot the bot?)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-8YX66eyw4 …
#TrumpRussia
I'm not a bot I am a real life person who loves our president and your pissy because he is.
No. I'm anti Trump because I love America & think Russia attacking our election deserves response, not collusion. Jesus agrees. God told me
Well sometimes the voices you hear may not be from Jesus.
Malignant narcissists are great actors and great liars who fool people many of us went through it
Pure definition of Obama
I don't think the GOP knows how to  redo health care. So disposable is my vote for these idiots. At least the Dems make things happen
Government needs to stay out of healthcare…in my opinion.
If the government can't manage to make a profit with a whore-house and bar (Mustang Ranch, NV) how can they run healthcare? Preposterous!

Never forget that ObamaCare (sic) was originally HillaryCare (oxymoron) & We the People TROUNCED that concept right out the gate!
No it wasn't - Obamacare was based on Romneycare in MA.
Will TrumpCare cover whatever pre-existing condition these two have?
Sometimes it seems like Trump just wants the policy win, and doesn't care about the ramifications
exactly 
Thoughts on spider-man?
Do you like spider-man?
Are you spider-man?
Did you watch the spider-man movie with Putin?

And they won’t do it because they have NO VIABLE OPTION! Took almost a YEAR to draft & pass Obamacare. Rep’s think they can doing in weeks
They were bullshitting you and now they're bullshitting you and the rest of us. Go back to your brilliant single payer. America will love it
They've had their chance for more than 8 years and still can't get it right.  American people are about to get totally screwed by GOP.
I think the Congress & The House should be required to take out Obama Care
The republicans need to get their act together. They are not helping you, sir! Upsetting!
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachPence
#FireBannon 
#FireKushner 
#FireMiller
#FireGorka
#FireHannity
#NaziTrumpFuckOff
Yes, it's true
We want it REPEALED!  Let the markets fix the rest!  Gov out of the insurance business!
What a load of rubbish. You have never listened to anyone or anything that isn`t talking about you.
Have a TIME LIMIT for those with pre-existing conditions to enroll in Medicare/Medicaid! REPEAL COMPLETELY go to free market!
So a pre existing condition like obesity which you suffer from has a time limit?
Government is in disarray. GOP proves it's all talk & incapable of governing. Popular vote loser POTUS is fake, incompetent, liar. SHAME!!!!
I hope they can push it Mr. President. It's about time. It's to expensive & I thank God that u won & not HRC
Yet they can't deliver it!  That's WhY politicians can't be trusted ever
Why not do a 10% sales tax across America to cover Obama Carebefore reviewing welfare. SomEof those peepScan work, morEmoneYmorEjobs
I think we should primary a lot of the RINOs that won't repeal Obamacare. We can do better! "Eric Cantor" the RINOs!
for once ur right - they had 8 yrs to work on it, as of today they have given us zilch. their chance is going straight over their heads SAD!
That's all you've ever have been is "civilian". Albeit an extremely uncivil one!
Not with McConnell in the lead. He plans a betrayal!
If you REALLY cared about America, you would not want to even consider passing the bill as it stands. It is a disgrace.
AND they STILL Can't get it done...Cuz Obama Care WORKS for Americans.  #TrumpCareSucks  #TrumpCareKillsAmericans
Hey bub. U r still a civilian
 What the heck 
Do u think yr now a god?
https://youtu.be/HGg6WFqbNek 
And how's that working out so far?
You know, you can con some of the people but you can't bullshit the whole country!  The only thing you know is how to lie!
And still they can't get their heads out of their asses
You're still a civilian.
@VoteTrumpPics
@POTUS from his non-civilian days.
Democrats have one party:all far left Liberals. Easy to be in lock step. The Republicans have at least 3 ideologies. Hard to get agreements.
But their big egos are standing in the way 
And the people HATE it AND it has your name all over it! 
Russia
And it is very difficult!
Repeal "ALL" of Obamacare, craft a bill for pre-existing conditions and staying on parents plan till 26..then let the free market work. Easy
Still weren't better than us. There's no need for you to quotate the word civilian as if you're better than all of us.
and they're spectacularly messing it up, as usual.
THEY BEST STAY IIN AUGUST & get the JOB DONE #SOFEDUP we give em a majority & they have nuke option & No Results for taxes or repeal #DONE4
Republicans go to D.C. For the perks not to win for the American people
Wish they would hurry up and get it done.
"They" not "we" says it all
I D I O T
They are all mouth and trousers and as a Trump supporter I am disgusted at their lack of desire to further your Agenda. #NoAugustRecess
Just repeal
Yeah, you'd think y'all would've had something decent planned with all the talk but you can pull together half the plan Obama did!
What for?? Over 80% of the US do not want this! This is only a wealthy tax break trying to be disguised in a shitty health care Bill!
#please Donald Trump understand something ilost my health Care and I'm fighting mental health problems can't pay for my meds now what.respon

You mean citizen not civilian
You really don't understand how our government is supposed to to work, do you? Did you ever go to school?
Just get rid of it!
Ok. During your campaign you promised Medicaid wouldn't be cut. And no one, except you ***** want it at such a high cost! You could have
fixed it, but you have issues. Worse president ever!
Yes & they are letting opportunity slip away-people will not elect them if they fail  deliver on their promises as well as support UR agenda
Sir most of senate and house never had a job where accountability mattered.
What's wrong with you you can't believe in the second coming
@GOP No to TRUMPCARE. Make ACA better and stop killing Americans.

But you said YOU had a plan, a beautiful plan, where more are covered, for less. Well, we're waiting
Corruption.  They want to keep their jobs. Meanwhile,  the American people are suffering.
Ya, cuz you certainly were never going to go fight for this country!  Draft dodger.
Repeal 100%! Let Free Market competition take the reigns! It will bring medical cost down and the cost of insurance! Smaller Gov!
Nothing will happen  again
Go with single payer program! Ask Australia how to get it done. Stop kissing up to those who are making billions as it stands now.
Nothing "civil" about you!

Just a reminder that most of us remember them promising a repeal and NOT a replacement. Free market must be allowed to repair the damage!
Why divert your stupidity
What do you hear as "Fake President"?
The moment of truth
?
No repeal replace ACA. It works. HSS report shows it works. Stop distroying lives and setting out murder of millions.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy
You're still a civilian, dummy. Perhaps you meant to say private citizen.
And won't do a darn thing.  Full repeal.
Umm.... You still are a civilian...??? You aren't civil, but you are a civilian. Refer to the Constitution for additional details.
for years you were saying how stupid republicans were and if you ran it would be as republican. Your right they are stupid!
LEAVE IT THE HELL ALONE.  IT'S CLEAR NONE OF YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING!!  GET OUT!
Russia number one.
It didnt happen then and it won't happen now. Its immoral to take insurance away from millions of citizens. Shame on you !!!
come on McConnel. Pull them together.
If anything now you have less power to make yourself money than you did as a private citizen. And we all know that's your endgame.
Just stop it little boy
I want you Donald Trump please help please help I want to meet you Donald Trump please help please help.
Soooo right! Now is the time. Maybe they would care more if they had to use this horrible insurance!  I'm sure they have great insurance
And when are they going to get on board with our agenda
We need to make Specialists GET PAID by MEDICARE to GET 1099 MEDICARE should not reimburse patient! MD must accept Medicare. NOLGA
Make them use the same healthcare plan and you'll see them move.
Still a civilian. Not king, not queen, not even a legitimate POTUS. Civilian.
How about everyone involved in making healthcare law HAVE TO LIVE UNDER  IT TOO.  Hmmmmm...
And they can't manage to pull it off.
So get on this sire
Why is he taking as if he has no control over it?
Was my first thought. I guess he is relying on his delegates to do his bidding. Perhaps Donald doesn't appreciate how murky that swamp is.
They don't have a viable plan, dude. This isn't hard to figure out
Go away!
You evil, sick Republicans will kill people by making health care unaffordable. The USA is only industrial nation without universal care.
They voted for it
They'veHad their chance for6 months& done what they've done since gaining control... NOTHING!They POLITICALLY hated Obamacare but didNOTHING
Oh honey, your were never a civilian. Is it hard to talk properly with that silver spoon in your mouth?
"civilian = a person not in the armed forces or a in the police force" - as the Potus you are a civilian!
And see how they act. Disappointed.
DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT
But cant demand not to expidite cut back on rich when they dont pay full taxes.
Still owe significant amount back
GOP whined for 6 years and when they have a chance, they fail "bigly".
I really hope my rates go DOWN!!!!!!
LMFAO!
Youarestillacivilian
BIG mistake when Mitch brashly said only Republicans would provide the solution. Delusions NO, compromise YES!
And they will fail miserably.
Mr #PresidentDonaldTrump health insurance debacle is ruining my finances!  This is so serious.   Flush my life down the financial  toilet!
Remember who started this debacle it was Obama and Pelosi. I cam still hear her saying we have to pass it to see what's in it. CRAZY
They don't seem to have the skill to create legislation, only know how to obstruct.
2018 is coming!
Remember root & branch?
We can start draining the swamp with the fake Republicans.
#JustRepealorJustGoHome!
even if he did -- he'd be the civilian commander-in-chief.  Fact.  So get off your high horse.  #tinyhandspresident
Fix it. Don't nix it. No repeal of ACA.
Civilian?
Mister President: Do you understand anything?
Please Donald,today's the day to go nuts on Twitter,your son is being grilled in the media.
Defend him..America and some Judges are waiting.
Back to using quotes, I see.

Yup.

You need to work on punctuation rules now.
Calling all Republicans !!! Do your job that you promised !!! And do it quickly ! You all should be ashamed
No more vacations or time off
Impeach Trump 2017
@DonaldJTrumpJr Obama didn't write Obamacare dummy. Dems want it right not just done.
You're  a draft dodger, you don't get to pretend to have been in our Armed Forces. Sad.
