













Hey, what about Stormy and that magazine?


we're not worried and thank you! We're with you 
LOL #WakeUp you lost Trumpcare now you threaten Obamacare again. We know Governors control ins. rates 4 Obamacare. I VOTE
Obamacare will only collapse if it isn't fixed. YOU fail to fix it. That falls in YOUR LAP. You will be held responsible.
No they won't.  You need them, they don't need you.  Why can't you republicans figure it out already?
WE are. You, not so much. Shitbag.
He watching CNN and getting really pissed off. Wait till the market fails after he can't cut taxes. LOSER!
.@realDonaldTrump You are not the negotiator you sold Americans on. Pitting Dems vs Reps is not the answer.
How can we be in good shape when you are leading the country. #resist
Have you consulted CBO on either #ACA or #Trumpcare? Asking for tens of millions of Americans.
Obummer care in 18 will implode. Some states no provider, rates will rise again and dems will say "Oh shit what happened" 
We all need to worry you are out to destroy American and American values
No doubt here Pres. Trump. We are all very much looking forward to it.
Reprehensible.

Schumer needs replaced, he's a nut case
Vegas oddsmakers have you folding before Obamacare.
fucking a link me, I want to get in on that action.
You'll be long gone by then #ImpeachTrump
Wow. You really don't read your twitter notifications do you?
@voniaburrell97  we will put you in prison!!
except that you could do whats needed in meantime to repair it & not allow people to suffer. for politics. or your vanity.
I tired of all the losing. When does the winning start?
you are at 36 % approval rate, who ARE you talkinh to? I CANT BELIEVE I USED TO LOVE ALL OF YOU! I CANT STAND ANY OF YOU
Do you ever shut up?
Fox News: "We cannot have a country led by a president subject to ongoing criminal investigations" 
the only reason Trump is, is because the Dems are pushing to find any dirt they can.  Liars.
#MAGA 
They'll deal with you on the date of your resignation, that's about it!
#loser
wow.  Don unleashed.  Getting hot in the kitchen.
Your so awsome tweeting us and communicating with us. I love it!
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
you lost...again.
if it wasn't for democrats, you and your party wouldn't even be talking about healthcare. You would leave the sick to die.
thank you mr. President we got your back God bless you God bless America
What about ISIS? U R late
is that why your approval ratings are at historic lows and you can't pass the bill your party campaigned on for 8 years
.@realDonaldTrump Obamacare folding before Kushner retools his app isn't good–it's why you're delaying repealing ACA
HuffPo now reporting why Kushner is helping Trump delay killing Obamacare: His brother's $2.7 billion healthcare app, Oscar, relies on ACA 
So you don't think he really wanted to repeal O'Care right now? Understand the logic but he hates to lose 
Like his China bluffs, Trump never had a plan to replace Obamacare–pushing a half-baked one now would jeopardize Kushner's app @andartissa
Trump-Putin plan is disrupt, divide, weaken US and democracy.
The share greed, want war as allies, personal power.








YES! It's always a GREAT sign when the PRESIDENT of a country addresses his subjects with the words: DO NOT WORRY!
Actually DO NOT WORRY is what people say when things are just PERFECT! Climate change and a house by the sea? DO NOT WORRY!
You are one who has been brain washed. Even the scientists don't agree.


Maybe the democrats would cooperate better if republicans didn't pass faulty internet privacy bills in Congress. #CCBCPOLS111
Real story: you're too lazy to come up with a real solution, so you'll sabotage ACA + let the Dems fix it, as always. Loser
thats what I said!  Win win
And the Republicans? They also do not want a deal.
Why don't u  call Chuck Schumer a clown again! Great way to start a working relationship. The great negotiator is a loser.
could you please remember you are POTUS! And start acting like it! This is not a game!
Kim Ki-Choon  love South Korea name Kim Ki-ChoonPlease help Kim Ki-Choon
we are not in good shape, our gov't is made up of thieves and liars and we are not given options to change it!
North Korea spy Moon Jae-In
"The lady doth protest too much, methinks"
effective healthcare system. Why should you care? You're a billionaire who can't sympathize with the common man.
dumb very dumb. Perfect for your dumb West Virginia voters.

North spy name Moon Jae-InNorth spy name Moon Jae-In
republicans are the reason your plan failed...stop blaming the dems
You liar-- this has already been shown false!!
Democrats need to fall in line. We elected you not them! No deal!
Dopey tosser, the ACA is not an entity that can fold, so if you're after waiting for it to do, you'll be waiting forever!
#never
really? I can't afford to wait much longer. Meds are higher, OOP is higher. Insurance is a scam. Period
we demand single payer universal healthcare now.Make illegal to profit off healthcare like before 1973 greedy elite changed
denial is not just a river in Egypt , it's the disease your suffering.
You are a hollow man.
   Shape without form, shade without colour,
   Paralysed force, gesture without motion;
#HollowMan
Is the ACA gonna fold or are we in good shape.  Try listening to ALL Americans
mr. Pres. the Democrats want to destroy you anyway they can they don't like you and they never will never trust them please
More @POTUS fake news!  Shame on you!  You're hurting the American people!
I see you're still using your bots system to inflate your RT & LIKE numbers on TWITTER. 60 MINUTES blew your cover.
your in great shape.. hahahahaha o lawd
hmm why so happy talking about Obamacare collapsing? Why not improve it? Face it Dump, u r so jealous of Obama.
Don't mess with Obamacare. You'll be caught.  Everyone's eyes are on you. Tread carefully.
North spy name Moon Jae-InNorth spy President name Moon Jae-In
sure they will, dummie
u should fix your health care and leave mine alone. That thing on your head is fugly.... if had Obamacare it would look fly
The Dems will gladly deal to screw you, and if it hurts Americans, they don't care. Beware who you "sleep"with.
They will try to repair it with or without you!
You make me sick!
Screw me once, shame on you.  Screw me twice, shame on me!  You are a fool to think the lock step Democrats will change Obamacare.
사칭
Wait for more people to recognize the disaster. Then repeal & replace. Rand Paul seems to have some good ideas.
- #Grammaticalerror - double space between words in sentence. More proof of your #stupidity.
I hope so! Your doing good so far!!!!
bahhaahhahahahaha......even the GOP doesn't support you.  You are a failure
no we won't ever make a deal with a criminal 
Obamacare, 8 years. Trumpcare, 17 days. Please tell us how you're in "good shape"...
Hahahahaha.  I have needed the Affordable Care Act (I suggest you read it).  It is GREAT
n very seen so many adult cry babies in my life. Let's investigate why Obama had his records sealed for 8 years !

Allowing a plan that currently covers millions of YOUR PEOPLE to fold is leadership? Leaders make "deals" in spite of opp.
I just read that you are working close with Paul Ryan.Your backstabber. He's probablythe only one with #'s lower than yours
Lol.  This post is over a month old.  We are fortunate, as a country,  that you are a pathetic "deal maker".
You will leave America in the worst shape possible . You also need to loose A LOT of weight.
...Be careful of the snakes.  I think you know this well.
Dems ARE THE ENEMY....remember that.  They don't want to repeal OCare.
Caca!
The outcome of he new plan is the important thing. Will it save the consumer money? That is the secret to success!
dems aren't the ones who sunk you. Your GOP did. DEMs just got front row seats.
Sad part is we all have to suffer as we lose Dr's and pay the consequences of the parties rivalry!
no bandaids complete overhaul.
North Korea Moon Jae-In candlelight peoplecandlelight peopel hometown Jeonra-do
@TheMarketStorm 2008 cow candlelight Jeonra-do peoplesewol candlelight people  Moon Jae-In hometown Jeonra-do
WILL DEAL BE GOOD FOR ALL SUFFERING AMERICANS OR FOR THE BOUGHT OFF POLITICIANS, INS CO, DRUG,OTHER SPECIAL INTERESTS????
North spy name Moon Jae-In
are the rumors true that your hands are too small to throw out the first pitch?  #MAGA
math for POTUS, there are 300m Americans 65m voted for Hill, 62m for u the rest hated both u and she, 170m, Please us!
Obamacare is rock solid.  No matter what you do to try to change that with your wishful thinking.
Right. I can just see you riding in on your white horse.
yeah the Democrats will come crawling at your feet begging for mercy. Riiight! 

Ryan's no help! I think he's trying to make u look ineffective. Replace him
don't worry from a person like u makes me worry
Here's a bet- Obamacare lasts longer than you.
idot
good, leverage the lives of millions
North spy CandlelightNorth spy Moon Jae-In
니 신고됏다 좃됏다

not in good shape as long as you are in the White House. Make America Honest Again.
ObamaCare has never been more popular.  Read the polls. Tell your loser Republicans to work together with the Democrats
Full of Bull and lies.   Investigators will prove it. 

Only universal healthcare should be acceptable in a civilized society.
I thought you were giving up if this failed? More #Presidump lies.
darn those pesky comma splices again. You do know that a period goes at the end of a sentence?
Do you read the tweets from the people of the USA....do you even care that you are truly goofing up and badly...very badly!
Maybe if you kept your promise not to cut healthcare and attempted to engage Dems on ACA fix, something would have worked.
no. you're not in great shape. you should eat a salad and take a walk.
you're actions are going to kill and bankrupt people
PAY no attention to the man behind the curtain
we stopped being in good shape when you took office  it's nice to know that you believe the lies that you're spitting out
Everytime you lose we win, so maybe we will get tired of winning!
