the swamp is full time for someone to pull the plug and drain the swamp
Perhaps, unlike the present #crook in the WH, he has something interesting to say
Are they organizing a "March Against Obama"???
@realDonaldTrump #RepealAndReplace #BuildTheWall #POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #AmericaFirst #LockHerUp #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
I find it troubling.
I know he's living paycheck to paycheck just like all of us other poor Americans out here come on
He's got a seven-figure house in DC to pay for. Of course that's way beyond what you can scrape in a day's work, but he was POTUS.
You'd think that after eight years in office he deserves to live something like a good afterlife as paid speaker.
But apparently you want him to live like Ulysses S. Grant, who had to die to lift his family out of penury...
... or like Harry Truman, who lived most of his postpresidential life in genteel poverty till the first POTUS pension was created for him.
@realDonaldTrump Of course he's a crook!
Everything you have bad-mouthed Obama for, you have done moreso. Golfing this weekend?  #Russiagate #impeach45
but she wasn't troubled by HRC doing the same thing for years?  what a hypocrite
It's quite astonishing just how overtly biased Fox News is towards Trimp and against President Obama. Totally biased, fake news Fox. SAD!
At least Fox has ppl that tell both sides.
lmfao!! Um no they do not. They don't even tell the truth lol
Fox News is for grown ups that's why it #1
It's true. MSNBC and CNN are mindless propaganda.
Oh you are hilarious!
It's true, cnn and MSNBC are totally bias against Trump and if you're an honest person you will admit that.
The 74 million who voted against Groper-in-Chief are certainly biased against him.
PRESIDENT Obama is a PRIVATE citizen. He's earned it. Warren should concentrate on trump the chaos that he creates and russian collusion
You never know @realDonaldTrump if you study real hard & learn to put more than a handful of words together folk might pay you to speak too!
.@realDonaldTrump #trumptweet #neutral #assertive #scorn #7thgrade @foxandfriends http://djtdarkly.com 
Then, he donated $2Million to create jobs in Chicago. Gee--I don't see @FoxNews or YOU mentioning that FACT!
Really they are seeing just how fickle their President was???? Sheeple
he wants to make this country into a muslim country , he doesn't like Christian's or the jewish community's
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
Proverbs 12:22 Lying lips are an abomination to the Lord
If we're worried about the income of a PRIVATE CITIZEN I guess we deserve to see Citizen @realDonaldTrump's tax returns, don't we?
Warrens troubled because she's not getting the $400K.
Hahaha, no we're really not. But nice attempt to put create some tension on our side. We're still very United to #Impeach yr crooked azz 
You are forever worrying about President Obama why? He's the past! Do what you are supposed to be doing. #showusurtaxes
The welfare fraud in Massachusetts is the highest in history. Massachusetts Senators should be helping their own state
Didn't @SenWarren charge $350,000 for one class at Harvard?  Double standard much?
It's always about Obama. Sad. Be a president. Christ.
@realDonaldTrump WILL NEVER FILL THE SHOES OF GREAT OBAMA
@POTUS44 @wonderfullone @tahino1 @isitreallysin  
HAIL TO THE CHIEF 8 YEARS.
A man I respectfully called President...class,integrity,intelligence,eloquence,sympathetic,handsome NOT self absorbed, NOT 45
I think we should dedicate one day to just tweeting great pictures of Obama to tRump with the hashtag #Presidential
Agree 100% I have lots of pics of great Obama. He a very specil man. Love that family.
I sent 2 to 45 one was yours, I like the idea of mentally tormenting the jealous bastard...
Did you #prsidential?
Sure did...twice today...I especially enjoyed sending him the JFK Profile in Courage award photo a few months back
Just did it, and had my mom do it. makes me feel good and giggle!
@realDonaldTrump this was news all off one minute
Pres. Obama is a private citizen. Wall Street rightfully values his insight.
One snake to the other! I am sure she is really troubled 

and if asked to give a speech she would take the money, Obama can't do anything right, why is that?
All former presidents have done this, nothing new move on
Look whose calling who a snake!
Follow me back Monica :)
@realDonaldTrump 

Prove you're #1 at something, Comrade Donald. Show us those tax returns of yours!
#FakeNews
At least it's not hidden. We have no idea what additional income you're bringing in during your Presidency b/c you refuse to release taxes.
Love Obama. Hate Trump. Like most of America. Check out the polls.
Everyone is or should be troubled by that.
Why do you care? Your insecurity about being unpopular is bizarre
WHO CARES? not everyone is a billionaire who can manipulate the tax code to make a bunch of money.
Whenever Trump talks about money I'm very troubled, so what's the point here?
You and Obama both taking America for a ride.
Poor little jihadi snowflake with Trump Derangement Syndrome is all upset--so sad as well as pathetic.
your a libturd obummer lover. your just a crybaby bcoz crooked HELLary lost. #MAGA  
he means Eleanor Roosevelt and Thurgood Marshall I'm sure
Of course...like F. Douglas, they're doing great things......dontchaknow (not many ppl know that)... 
And I bet Obama would release his taxes even today.
And it would show that @realDonaldTrump has paid more in taxes than BHO has ever made in his entire lifetime.
It would show that Trump is a Treasonous Fraud.
You got that backwards, it's repubs that are the dregs, easily manipulated by Don the con. #Trumprussia #notmypresident
"DON THE CON" ROCKS MS MILLER! He's done more for this country in 100 days than O did in his whole 8 yrs! As a matter fact...HE HURT OUR USA
Bahahahaha....that's almost as rich as his beautiful chocolate cake
So is that what you did in my dm? Lie to try and get what you wanted?  You are just like a liberal. You really should just blue pill
Because conservatives don't do identity politics
Show us your taxes instead of your insecure bluster, Comrade Donald!

@realdonaldtrump

To be honest, the way the LEFT feels about @POTUS is EXACTLY how MOST of us felt about O difference is we DIDNT try 2sabotage him or the USA 
So blocking Obama's SC nom, R's purposefully opposing everything he did after saying they would wasn't sabotage? Ohok
Huh?
What do you need clarification on? I will gladly expand on all points.
Hiw about that entire comment make no gramical since
Fox & friends must have forgotten about the $1 million speeches that Trump was giving in 2005 for the Learning Annex.
Are you so afraid of this former President that you must attack him?
I think he's jealous that a black man could have so much support and such a loyal following. His daddy taught him how to discriminate.
@FoxNews the world know your history of a coorporation of "sexual abusers" @amjoyshow @Rosie @Coxyolada @tahino1
Omg, Warren is a corrupt carpetbagger. Dirty as hell
What about if a guy ran a fraudulent university that drained people’s life savings as a scam?  Is talking to bankers worse than that or no?
Did you forget Michelle's vacations

Which billionaire owns Fox?
Obama and Warren, there:s two Marxist:s.
I missed The Obama's. @MichelleNews @ObamaWhiteHouse @POTUS44 @BarackObama @ObamaNews @ObamaFoundation
aww donjuan was just jealous. Obama got more advanced bucks than him. maybe cause he's writing it himself. since Obama no longer in power.
@realDonaldTrump LOVED PREVIOUS LIFE SCAMING AND STIFFING "REAL WINNER" winner @Impeach_D_Trump #trump100days #Trumprussia @StillLoveHill
RT @foxandfriends: Former President Obama's $400K Wall Street speech stuns liberal base; Sen. Warren saying she "was tro...
Where's your outrage about this?

The DNC wouldn't let the FBI look at their servers.  CA won't let the Feds look at their voting records.

Coincidence?
Omg that is like saying we keep people in the hospital for their insurance money
For politicians money talks bull shit walks
Elizabeth Warren is a ditz
some one tell @BarackObama that he needs to correct his Social media . 
He's NOT our president .. 
When does he get arrested
Arrested for what?
Being black.
Oh there is the race card believe it or not he is just evil nothing to do with Color
Evil how?  Back up your claims or have a seat or two and be quiet.  He's not in office and has done nothing wrong if he had you whack jobs
Would've been all over that the moment it happened.  Stop blovating
Wait till you hear about Obama's 39 Trademarks he had approved in China while a sitting president... you'll shit blood... oh that's Trump?
Never mind, it was the white guy, it's all ok now... Trump is allowed...
They must be, the entire Trump family are selling the US out to get them
Lol explain why Obama isn't allowed to make money after being Pres, but you think it's ok for Trump while still President? Here all day...
Only Donald and Ivanka are allowed to make money off the Presidency silly liberal's, and it's ok for them to do it while still in WH...
Yawn... why is it ok for a sitting president to continue to use the office to make $ and wrong for a retired president to make money?
Not a hard question...

Yes, Obama became one of you!!! Haha what money does to a person.
You have to be joking.
You waste $3M of taxpayers money nearly every weekend to go golfing.
#FridayFeeling
You don't get to talk about what President Obama does as a private citizen.
It makes you look so sad.
#FridayFeeling
American people there is an individual who's in the WH greedy in more ways than one.
No, deceptive Obama is gone.
You know what every person that has made a neg comment about President Obama has benefited from what he and his administration accomplish
He also took money out of the black colleges which Trump has returned.
Current president trump costs Merica millions to golf.
That's because he and his friends stole the money!!! And now he will do high dollar speeches to help look legit ... you been had
President Obama has earned it being d 1st African American to be President. Admire that with Finesse. Move FORWARD. Create, Invent, Innovate
.@SenWarren Surprise, he only cares about himself and his be big nice to Muslim movement
This was not ED'S response to Obama giving speech. It was a speech on the floor about WS abuse.
Still chasing Pres Obama legacy brilliance intellect etc U can't come close Trump sick or bad guy
Nobody cared about what political figures got paid for speeches until a black and a women started making money.  #ImpeachTrump
Respect a true honorable ex president. Good that he made the $. He deserves it. He did his public service for 8 years!
@realDonaldTrump Oh please, he's a private citizen and now he's not allowed when others got paid?
No ones business but Obamas
Why the fuck you more concerned about how a private citizen makes his money rather than how the POTUS makes his?
or for that matter how the POTUS spends ours?
Typical Liberal Hypocrite. She not troubled by what she gets paid!
Oh come on Fox!  Wall Street is your presidents cabinet!  Only because Obama is black & Hilliary a women do you have problem with it!
Confirmed, Behind the mask lies the Wicked Witch of the East unable to give the Scare Crow a Brain. Failed like Oz\
So she's Sen. Warren when she's talking about President Obama, but Pocahontas when she talks about you??????
Warren is a fake human with no problem about lying to the citizens of this country. She's like all liberals LIARS   Obama the biggest of all
Maybe we could pay him to go to the Middle East for a speech tour!
@realDonaldTrump What a former president does as a private citizen is none of your business! You're wasting taxpayers money!
Pochahontas is a lying fraud.
The Democrats & Liberals Are Finished In Political Arena 4 At Least The Next 50 Years You Showed Your True Colors In This Past Election 
The fact that you called her "Pocahontas" again means you have zero respect for the Native American people!!!!
I am much more troubled by Trump's obsessive expenditures for three residences and his adult sons traveling to open new Trump businesses.
I bet if you showed your taxes, we would find much more troubling payments to you.
Big talk from someone who still refuses to release tax returns. What will u do when u can't blame Obama anymore for your failures?
You do realize that this is the same woman you derisively referred to as "pocahontas" a few hours later? #FakePresident
Bravo for Obama! Wall Street loves him!
You pick the mote in another's eye; ignore the log in your own. You take Washington money and not pay taxes. Whoa ye vipers and hypocrites.
@realDonaldTrump isn't it so sad that you're doing such a bad job you have to try to ruin obamas credit to distract from you
Quote her when it suits you.  Call her a racist name when it suits you.  But she will always be your intellectual and moral superior.
Pls tell her she was going out on vacation for her last night at home with a little sister from home last
Fix is an evil network
That's just a drop in the bucket compared to what he allowed them to make
Trouble by the speech about the money he accepted everybody does that when they leave office
where's the outrage??
Lizzy u should talk. $$$ u get let's talk about that.
What did expect he was a fence writer what's good for him screw the rest that's why they lost the wh
So what? He's now a private citizen; you're not. The swamp is still running full in @realDonaldTrump administration!
Imagine our President Obama accepting fees to talk about his failed terms in office! Is this a great country or what?
At a 50% tax rate, the Donald will get a piece of his wall or a shiny new aircraft carrier from Obama's income tax!

@realDonaldTrump
And they are worried about Flynn getting fifty thousand from Russia for a speech but didn't care that Bill got 400,000 for same
HE SHOULD GET 100 MILLION. IT'S HIS RIGHT AND HIS TIME. AND SOMEONE MUST THINK HE DESERVED THE CASH.

OMG.
All over the world tonight people are worried, Poca, don't let a small matter upset you.
And a good description of yourself, Pocahontas who speak with forked tongue
If a Democrats lips are moving, they are Lieing.
Good for our @POTUS44 !  I hope he makes millions with his speeches. He isn't in office anymore.  So it doesn't matter what he does!!
Tax that speech at a 90%rate.
I'm troubled by your $3M weekend golf trips.
@realDonaldTrump but your golfing weekends.....
How come Al Sharpton can get away with owing 1.5 million in taxes?????
Just charge what the market can bear... $400k for a speach!  I guess Obama has become a capitalist.
But he will pay taxes on it!
Ass!
Capitalism does not trouble this liberal American. Not paying ones bills to their contractors does. Deceiving folks in a fake university too
A man that says one thing and means something else. Such as, "You like your Dr., You can keep your Dr!" Ring a bell? #LOCKHIMUP
What could the USA destructor have to say that's worth even .4cents? He should be paid to shut up & dissappear!
I am looking forward to see what he is going to invest it in.  More then likely his initiative of the youth in Chicago, IL.  He does
I hear @POTUS44 needs the $$$ in order to join Mar A Lago!
That snake apparently didn't trouble her at Harvard.
Pay somebody 800k they pay you 400k for a speech ! Win win
I'm more worried about whose paying you.
Warren is troubled. She needs to be removed from her position, she's not able to do her job. Her job is to work with the POTUS.
NO shock here in Ohio
Nobody put a gun to their head to ask him. What's troubling is the outrageous money trump cost taxpayers at maralago.A crook
While he spends how much of our tax money to fly to Florida? Find some real news.
100 Days Of Nepotism, Ignoring Ethics And Making The Trumps Richer
Said the woman worth $15 million!
Trump changes tax laws to enrich himself, fails to show his taxes, or disclose his income & payments from foreign nations. Priceless!
OBAMA IS THE SAME AS ALL BEFORE HIM A CROOK WHAT MAKES DONALD TRUMP DIFFERENT HE DOESENT NEED OUR MONEY
Trump Spends $3M in Taxpayer Dollars Every Weekend At Mar-a-Lago!
More power to him. He has a right to charge whatever he wants. @SenWarren shutup #Fauxcahontas
She should be because is pure hypocrisy of the left they. Said one thing and do the the opposite.
Who cares?  Obama is not president and never will be again.  Let's talk about #45's malfeasance, conflicts of interest and quid pro quo
I am troubled by bill firing and Gretchen suing and megyn leaving but hey we can all be surprised by something #Impeach45
Trump is making much more than that WHILE HE IS THE "PRECEDENT". BEEN GOOD FOR HIS FAMILY TOO
Obama is a hypocrite and so are you. You are part of the swamp that must be drained. Stop being disruptive and do what we in MA want. I doer
She is troubled...if you know what I mean
U r always trying to take credit for Obama's accomplishments, and blaming Obama for your miserable failures. Ur the biggest fake. #DANGEROUS
Obama is a private citizen now. Why shouldn't Wall Street pay him to speak?
“Who is tweeting at 3 a.m sober? Donald Trump because it's 10 a.m. in Russia. Those are business hours.” - Hasan Minhaj
#obama the undisputed king of bullshit
@realDonaldTrump everyone else stunned by your hotel and casino takings! #idiot #tinyhandsatthewheel #fakepresident
Ehh... no different than the Clintons, Gore, & the Bushes... Heck! Even criminal Oli North gets paid for speaking!
But Obama's speech was not criminal unlike Trump's failure to divest and his Russia loans and deals while a candidate.
Please get over Obama. Your obsession with him is insane.
@realDonaldTrump 

He's a private citizen! He's not making money off WE the taxpayers. Can't say the same about #45
Trump' s proposed tax cuts will save him millions every year. Glass White House...
No one will offer @realDonaldTrump 10 cents to speak cause he owes them  $ LOL! & he is an idiot.  Obama views mind is worth a million easy
