You brought the concept of "fake news" to a new level with the birther lie. So disingenuous.
Why would Russia ever lie? They are the paragon of virtue & integrity! Or murderers & cheats. Hard to tell! #DemForce
stop tweeting it is not professional and it's embarrassing I voted for you act like a president
@crossfitnans @realDonaldTrump He won't , he can't !! He's a facist ! And extremely racist !!
really why because he's against illegals and terrorism
No because he's a fucking traitor plain and simple ! You'll be living in Russia !
oh good grief
Hey, RUSSIA says so...and they would never lie...or use an orange buffoon to do their dirty work. #BloodlessCoup

You are the WORST person ever, and you are a FAKE PRESIDENT!  What is Stormy going to show the world, she has video of you.  Is this what your afraid of
LOL. Agree to disagree! But--6 more days--YAY!
Oh yea you are right! God forbid an extra day of the Obamanation.

I love how you side with Russia against Americans. #TraitorTrump BTW you are the BIGGLIEST sleazebag going. #Resign
Proabably?
I think it would be wise to stop citing Russia as your source for why you and Russia haven't done anything wrong.
Mexico's president said nicely you're a bully and want dictatorship, you're not getting anything but prison #TheResistance
P.s. release your taxes
Sad that you believe Russia over your own Intelligence! You are a very, very sick man!
sad when you can't trust your own party! Independent voting for me!  Russia is still looming over it all.
Totally made up --
Like the Obama birther issue you posited for years.

Totally made up -- Like that??
Shows they will do anything to keep there power!!!
it took you 6 minutes between those two tweets?
You were fanastic at the press confrence, thankyou it was luagh out load funny, BBC did horrible reporting on it though.
Aaaaaaaand by all means let's just completely break w reality & believe Russia knows nothing lol #NotFooled #putinspuppet
Da comrade, only believe what the politburo says
again.....RUSSIA says. U believe Russia and not America! What is ur problem?????
so that whole birth certificate thing was ok? I'm confused....
Russia manipulated things, and you continue to use them as your fallback? Unoriginal.
"totally made of facts"?? Do you understand the meaning of the word "facts"
Sweetie, you are digging a bigger hole.  We all know different
democrats have no cyber security at all, they function loose as a goose, anyone can hack them, sick over losing to U. LOL
Come Join Us.  Together We Will Make America Great Again.  https://www.facebook.com/groups/475498035967372/ …
hey golden showers boy have a shiny day
#DoubletalkTrump
Thanks for coming on Twitter and telling us this, Donald.  I totally believe you.  I mean it's not like you've ever lied before.
the problem is no one believes Russia and you should not either! UR a Nat sec threat listen to Putin #illegitimatePresident
if they r sleazebags what are u slimeball
you are the real sleazebag - FAKE PRESIDENT!!
.@realDonaldTrump Yes, claims were unsubstantiated. But using phrase "Russia says ..." to support an argument is like "Santa Claus says ..."
KEEP THE TWITTS COMING TRUMPY.  YOU KEEP THE TRUTH IN THE WIDE OPEN
Trumpy CAN YOU GUYS HAVE FAKE NEWS REPORTERS LIKE ACOSTA ARRESTED FOR DEFAMATION LIES. PLUS LITTLE MARCO IS A LOSER. FOAMY
Please stop trying to run the country in 140 characters or less.

Please.
you think he has anything longer worth hearing?
if you want ppl to stop associating you with Russia you might want to consider stopping saying Russian says all the time
Do you start tweeting before you put your dentures in or after?
Don't retweet Trump. Uphold your own values. Advocate morality, justice, equality. Protest. #stoptrump #proUSA
The only sleazebags I see are you and your cronies.  The Truth always wins.  #karma #traitor #twittler
I'm glad you're making quite clear that you believe the Russians over your fellow citizens.
Aw so because Russia says it doesn't exist, that should be good enough for us all? Trump loves golden showers! #Truth
buenos días
You are the main beneficiary of Fake News, and you know it. Spread by your buddy Vlad Putin
#anotherlie
Dear @realDonaldTrump. As our next President, you will learn Members of Congress don't kowtow to #Russia and we are not gullible. Good luck!
This tweet didn’t age well. You, Sir, are as gullible as they come.....#RussiaRussiaRussia... #NoCollusion except #Democrats, #DNC and #Obama 
#Anti-American
are you really that out of touch or just in complete denial? Already regretting my vote
Believe me, I'm regretting your vote, too, as is my good friend Hillary Clinton. She and I agreed I'd be the perfect foil, but...
Are you in over your head yet? Being president and being presidential are why you'll never be legitimate. Your a joke, lol
One day you'll recognize me as the greatest #Resident ever. #ROTUS
LMAO, greatest something, but not that. Failure maybe?
excuse me for butting in here, but do you honestly believe that @aItDonaIdTrump is the ASSWIPE's real account?
I'm definitely an asswipe!
yeah, but still entertaining.
.@realDonaldTrump There need to be legal consequences for CNN and Buzzfeed.  What they did to you and the country is unforgivable.  #Trump
Let's start locking up reporters and closing down news organizations, then, modify the constitution! 'MERICA!
.@tammietoren1 @realDonaldTrump Good news, Tam!  The Constitution needs no modification to prosecute dishonest journalists for libel. #Trump
No it doesn't.  However, it has to be proven to be libel, and not because Russia or Trump says no.  Actual proof
Okay.  And it will be.  Michael Cohen has never been to Prague.  Proven.
You are the Fake illegitimate #SoCalledPresident
Oh, well. If RUSSIA says...
You are crazy.
Well if Russia says it then it must be so
FAKE PRESIDENT. 
RESIGN.
You’re just a fake man tweeting fake news.
Fake man, fake tan, fake university, fake foundation, fake hair, as Elaine Benis said "Fake, Fake, Fake, Fake
Yet he is your President .   Funny how that is
Are you starting to lose it now? Can't trust anyone, can you? Keeping up with all of those lies takes a tool on your brain. Don't worry, it'll be over soon.

#enjoyprison

You are the phony.
It's unbelievable that the president would write a tweet like this.
He believes the Russians! What kind of leader would ever do that?
Probably...
And, of course, you are such an honest and upright man that we will believe you.  Your incessant lying is now costing you dearly.
.@cenkuygur Time for Chapter 2: #GeorgeNader #Mueller #Glencore #Rosneft #Qatar #Seychelles #CarterPage #FollowTheMoney #TYT
Russia says nothing exists? So that's your goto source for information? What about American intelligence agencies that all agree there was collusion between you and the Russians? Oh yeah, and why were you working with a sanctioned Russian bank during the election?
So you like women peeing on you lmao. Sad they probably were 10 year old children.
Russia does? Well then! It must make it so!
You idiot! #yougotplayed #yougotplayed
You played us!
#TrumpRussiaConspiracy
Wow. Once again Hillary was right, Putin’s Puppet.
Donnie! It's ur secret  friend Igor. I've hacked account of @Brian_Hjelle to give you very BAD news.
The jig is UP, komrade.
#Resign NOW.
Смирись сейчас! Все кончено!
We have heard what you have said!!!!!!
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia
You’re the sleezbag!
What about all thr made up facts made by you, the sleazeball-in-chief?
Liar.
Someone needs a Xanax this morning
"There's a tweet for that." #TheresATweetForEverything
"Russia says" did Putin tell you this on your nightly FaceTime chat?
Hope So !
destroying ethical journalists is the beginning of tyranny all that is left will be #lies & #propaganda
Like Obama who barred 3 media outlets, passed a law legalizing propaganda and was overly hostile to Fox news
that is a lie, he tried 2 ban @FoxNews from the WH but the other journalists cried out & he didn't.
So you're admitting that Obama is a fascist then.
Nothing exists.
What is really sad is that the Russian people would like to join EU but The State of Putin blocks it. The Ukraine should
Stay Strong Sir
Treason.
so sad u have serious issues u need help
serious issues how? Because Mr.Trump wants to focus on real issues and not junk? Get a day job sweetheart
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
Citing Russian sources as "proof" is hardly reliable. The fox will never admit it was in the chicken coop!
do you remember when you produced fake news telling that Obama wasn't born in US?i don't agree with lies but you do,for sur
Scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons and electrons. They forgot to mention morons.
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
can you stop already - leadership comes with responsibility in what is said and done
Russia...the honest ones... smh
Pushing Russian Propaganda again #TraitorTrump? Did Putin feed you that line or was it Manafort? Trump Jr.? Flynn? Carter Page?
Stop bullying fat people, they have enough on their plate.
"I wonder if Putin will be my new best friend" DJT
we wish you didn't exist
that's okay, Mr.Trump doesn't care about your existence
true
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
You want us to believe Russia now?
lol if it's made up it's not a fact. It's a lie. Calm down. Mr. Pres!
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
Russia IS NOT our ALLY! Why the HELL are you taking their word?! How un-American! United states Commie in Chief!
Donald I am serious. You need mental help.
you're going to look so adorably cute sitting on Putin's lap and moving your lips when he speaks...just like a real boy!
The only real intelligence on new channels is RT news on the DISH NETWORK. U should check it out. No J.B there ! lol.
haha u woukd rather trust uncle putin eh trump baby
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
You know about being a sleazebag.......  #PUTINSCUCK
"Russia says nothing exists?" That's ur proof? Really?
Well, if Russia says it, then it must be true. (I am rolling my eyes hard-core right now)
1/This is a solid try at trying to articulate a number of philosophical concepts that have stymied many a philosopher of many centuries.
2/First, the assertion that such a thing as a "made up fact" exists is problematic. We usually refer to "made up facts" as "lies".
3/If you work in the MSM, however, "made up facts" are usually refereed to as "untruths or "inaccuracies".
4/Lately, we have begun to refer to your own particular "made-up-facts" as "Alternate Facts".
5/Turning to your assertion that Russia believes that "nothing exists" can be construed as a reference to an ontological denial of existence
6/However, Heidegger was German and Satre was French so your contention is erroneous that Russia believes "nothing exists".
7/ I do most heartily recommend Satre's Being and Nothingness. You, particularly, will find it most instructive.
PROBABLY... according to who? You or Pretty Red Boy from "over there"?
they still don't know who was behind, only accussations
Fake fake  we know UR pro-lifer but yet again want to send kids to die in war. FAKE PRO-LIFE! @VP Fake fake President! U LIE all the time.

Fake Election!!!
The only thing fake is those pairs you keep lugging around near your face
lies to us all the time. Can't believe him. Bad, really bad.
he who lives by the lie...
Donald remember all the crap you said about Obama, Ted Cruz and his father. You are the epidemic
Hey, unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
#Putin about Presstitutes that fabricate fake stories about you
'People who order #FakeNews stories... worse than prostitutes': #Putin slams those behind #Trump ‘leak’ 
fixed: totally made up facts by sleazebag Trump & Russia - FAKE NEWS Russia confirms exists! #trumpexposed #TrumpLeaks
lol we don't believe a word you say #golden showers I mean globes :)
sorry President Trump, I didn't give you my vote but U won so I respect U period!
Believing Russia?  Your  , compassion and focus should be on the USA!!!! PLS focus on your job!!!!
Well is Russia says, then by all means... #orangemonster
Please bring in Alex Jones and others to press conferences
U are being blackmailed by #Putin do u want to tell us why? We will find out. It's only a matter of time. #peepeeprez
@amjoyshow @cnn @cnni The REAL fakes news: Trumps IQ is a positive number. (Read that on RT America)
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”
Enjoy your trip to Karmatown. It ain't no Mar-a-Lago.
can you please go back to your woman's only convention where you belong, no one cares..
Russia says? Oh then it must be true.
I wouldn't  dignify
Prove they are totally made up.
So intelligence from Russia is more accurate than from USA? Please remove yourself and move your family to Russia.
Your mother is portly to the extent that it causes discomfort, and negatively affects her ability to perform daily tasks
="Totally sleazebag political operative -FAKE NEWS! Russia nothing exists. Probably..."
Um, who gives a damn what Russia says? What is your deal w/ Russia, anyway? Do you enjoy fellating Putin or something?
SHOW US YOUR TAXES!
methinks you protest too much.
a disaster@
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
la Russia sara' la tua palla al piede.Servo dello Zar?Che miserabile fine per gli US.
Donald Trump, Jr. says you are "rolling" in Russian money?  Who is lying?  You or DJT, Jr. Are you throwing him to curb?
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
so you believe more in Russia?  It's true..you are a Russian operative
Mr President-elect, you just took the word of Russia over your own Intelligence agencies again, wow!
fake news. Lmao  coming from the man with the orange spray on tan and toupee. Gtfoh
Hitler said the same thing as you to become a leader
You sure act like a man being blackmailed and rolling over like a trained poodle
Russia says nothing exists.  Russia is Putin.  Putin is a psychopath.  Psychopaths are liars.  You are a buffoon.  Sweetie.
oh Russia says nothing exists so we're good? "Waters fine hop in!" Said the hungry shark
you do realize that you just insulted some people that voted for you right?
Probably.
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
I just stepped in something that was smarter than you… and smelled better too.
Nice wig
Why the press don't mention Obama's administration in Yemen?  And subservient attitude to South Arabia  political agendas
tinkle tinkle little czar
Your Russian ties are well known.
Your trips to Russia, and trips by Manafort, D
Jr, Flynn, Paige, Burt. Need I continue?
I get a majority of my fake news form your twitter account. When will you be honest with the American people?
when will get your head out of the moon ?
I guess never. Not when the country is in peril with an elected life long fraud in office. When will you wake up? @ScorpionX1X
No, those pants don’t make you look fatter – how could they?
Is that what Putin tells you during pillow talk?
#MARA
HAHAHAHA...Well if our benchmark for honesty, Putin, says, it must be true. HaHaHaHa. #punchlineTrump. #NotThePeoplesPOTUS
Yeah, you're DEFINITELY hiding something under that toupee.
just let me talk to some US androids I can help if you let me
Fake news like Alex Jones??
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
The reporters r doing their jobs and exposing your lies.  All u can do is try to deligitimize them. It won't work!  Loser!
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
always supporting you let's get a good healthcare system that truly helps the people and hard working tax payers!!!
we got your back cnn controlled  anderson Coopers lies between google and u tube .
YOU ARE THE ONE WITH EVERYTHING FAKE!!!
Speaking of fake news. I seem to remember you anchoring a fake news show called Weekend Update. 
It's called PARODY. Good try though
No sense of humor.
Oh I have a sense of humor. It's probably much better than yours will ever be.
