thank you pres Trump!
I'm glad manufacturers are content w/ u + your money mongering ways. But uhm, Idk, Do u think the millions of US citizens feel the same way?
fake news
if only the people around you were optimistic, too...
Oh, look, he's quoting Breitbart.
So bright.
William stay in the past keep quiet liby Snowflake
Why do you keep trying to take us back to the past? America was never made "great" by going backward in time… it's innovation which made us.
Proverbs 16:3
Commit your works to the Lord, And your thoughts will be established.
FAKE Report!!
Did any of them ask about ur and ur daughters imports from China Donnie.
Who the hell wants their picture taken with a #traitor? ?
Time to resign, you lying Russian puppet.
You got this
MEXICAN AMERICAN JUDGE SAYS PAY BACK THAT FRAUD MONEY YOU TOOK 25 MILLION #LOCKHISASSUP #IMPEACHTHISDICKHEAD
That's a lot of tweeting today. Are you bored with presidenting, you can just do us all a favor and resign if you don't like it. #boredPOTUS
and vote the RINO'S out
OMG How many people!  What  a saturation! I chokeeeeeeeee....
In any case that credit goes to President Obama, not this orange clown. Thanks Obama
the only thing you are manufacturing are numbers....most of the job growth seen now was in motion when you were selling snake oil...
Suppose we should give you this one as you've had a rough week. Unless for course the jobs are all in Russian translation machines.
Thanks. I wish I had something better to work with but a lot of what Trump does is just deplorable.
That's why Trump's wine business imports foreign workers!!! They can't find any American workers to fill positions! Everyone's working!'
no we want the man who used russia to get elected to fail. Trump &co. Gonna burn.libtards will save the U S
Libtards have done their dirty work. Trillions of dollars in debt, no job's after Corp's went overseas, diminished international respect.
Because you lied to them.  Automation isn't going away, it's becoming more common, which equates to less jobs.
Appreciated 
Awesome
God bless you for working so hard for America-you are the best

I can't figure out which you do more: golf or celebrate every rinky-dink poll that's somewhat in your favor.
What does Trump spend most of his time doing?
Grabbing people like you
thanks Obama
"Optimism"
Optimism!
It's too bad that most of his Trumpettes are too ignorant to realize his policies will have a horribly negative impact on them
At least their bosses will be better off though.

now that's a reality show I would watch!

One capitalist applauding another's accomplishment.  Looks like the beginnings of a great friendship.
eh, more obviously like keep your friends close & your enemies closer
Putin is an enemy?  Not to me he's not.
Trump man. If you think Putin is some friend of Trump, think again or study up on Russian politics
I never said they were friend.  I said, they are not enemies.
Trump is doing as he promised!!!! Remember when obama said Trump wont bring back jobs?! Ha! WRONG! #MAGA
How liberals feel right now.
There is actually a name for that
It's called a...a...a..."The Junky Twitch!" . And it's only been 99 days!
OOOOOOOOO-BAMA!
like seriously stop. You taking the credit is like someone taking the credit for a cake because they licked the spoon.
It was in the 50s last November, and now it's over 90. Saying Obama gets the credit is like saying Pelosi invented alcoholism
Well there is some truth there. 
She is definitely an alcoholics poster girl. 
Dumb as a post, brings her to mind every single time.
You almost expect to see both of them, sharing the same broom.
Wow, this is probably what she looks like before makeup
how's your approval rating Don?
approval rating lower than Nixon post watergate. Exceptional stuff.
I don't believe any approval ratings from the MSM.
@mitchellvii he truly wants to help this country. Nothing but road blocks. It's time to come together! Give it a chance

Release your tax returns.
And 93 consecutive months of economic growth. Nice job!  Oh wait...how long have you been in power?  Hmm 93/12 = almost 8 years.
Yes I am optimistic that robots will get our jobs and that Donnie willSCREW this up
Dump was proven a fraud by settled lawsuit. Now let's get him impeached !
Good,  thanks
They are happy in Russia too, comrade.
Is that why the stock market is heading south after losing faith in the Trump effect?
Irrational exuberance. Some people are dumb enough to believe you. 

President White Trash do something good like vacate the WH. #impeachNOW
Stop yielding to the neocons,they r wrecking u.
No.
great
Stupid red states rule, wooohaaa
What type of failed unpopular POTUS needs billionaire backers run ads after election? Putin can get you votes but cannot make popular. Sad
"Optimisim"? What a joke. Means nothing.
Haha oh My God! U r only about optimism and grades and scores and surveys and useless stuff! Be a bit real and talk Russia and Putin!
theres no one listening to your bullshit, your hella predicable, Tell us yourself how your down with commies
Our economy will be better than ever. So glad Trump is president. I'm very hopeful.
Check your approval rating! #FlynnRolledOver #PenceRollingOverNext
The jobs reports will tell the tale
...and celebrates Chinese manufacturing by having his crappy menswear made there! Hooray!
Highest level of delusions
Thanks, Obama.
thanks for showing the world that politicians are just but puppets. Wish I get a president like you
Seems you are delusional ,also your late night tweets reminiscent of drunk dialing.....couldn't be
Keep up the great job mr trump.
#TrumpLiesMatter
good but these are the results of 8 years of activity by your predecessor, and yours will be out soon!
GREAT PICTURE OF MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR FUTURE REFERENCE LOVE TOO HAVE COPIED PICTURE SINGED BY MY PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP TY,GODBLES
Buy American
Because if you cut taxes the people you survey will be getting more money. Nothing to do with the average worker.
Magag me
Millionaires and big polluters are the only ones feeling optimistic.  What about all the poor fools who voted for you?
They know they can get anything and ruin our economy, our homes, environment, lives...anything that isn't theirs. Your fucking this country.
You are fooling your supporters, and you don't have a tiny dot of empathy or guilt. You won't stop.
The economy @POTUS is kicking butt. The American people profoundly approve of the way Trump’s handling the economy. 
Today's forecast...a total "white out" in the Oval Office.
One man one woman. One handshake. Says it all really. Trump is a Muslim and respects women so much he will not touch them.
William L. you misinterpret your graphs. Today 370K IBM jobs only 70K in U.S.-- closed plants, offshored, hire entry level, and layoffs. BAD
Fake poll. FAKE NEWS
Promises for progress=optimism / empty promises=disappointment, despair.  Which will you actually yield; so far only the latter.
to bad that has absolutely no bearing for your approval ratings, a dismal 35%, the lowest ever; and that was before Flynn dropped the bomb.
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' … https://t.co/cVWXOa1M...
Not one person of color in your photo.  Sad.
SAD. #NotMyPresident #ResistTrump
This is your highest level of optimism in 20 years? Well I'll be damned. And I spend most of my life in the can. #Shawshank
Fake survey.
Good. Keep up the good work.
An awesome photo of the awesome Trump team, ready to get to work in bringing back industry to America and bringing back real jobs.
It'll be short-lived. As will your time in office. #Illegitimate #TrumpRussiaCoverUp  #PresidentBannon #LiarInChief
You had nothing to do with it.
Reciting your own propaganda BS doesn't make it true. Only pathetic Trumpers believe your lies.
.@IvankaTrump...is this you trying to change the message?  Is your job title "Clean up in aisle 2"
What color is the sky in your world?? Were there any people there from the factory in IN that you "saved" 1100 jobs? Oh right-it's closing!
Wanted to share this lovely magazine cover with you!
Manufacturing is not the wave of the future, it is the echo of the past. Look forward, not backward. Your ideas are a joke.
Amazing how you like to take credit for things that have taken years and many past Presidents to develop.  You have not achieved anything!
We are excited about the New Enthusiasm in America! Thank you Mr President 
Why did that survey, your sons????
Amen
So tired of hearing all your  excuses. U compln about the past presdnt♛. Said u wld b "gr8tr" but all u do is 🖑 #tired
ITS FROM BRIETBART ITS A PLANTED STORY TO MAKE TRUMP LOOK GOOD! FAKE NEWS
We don't need you to toot your own horn 
Do you think his cell will be 8' x 8'?
I see that your are not advertising the fact that 65% of Americans are now expressing PESSIMISM about YOU. LOOOOOOOOOSER! #FakePresident
yeah, right. You are at the lowest ratings for everything...heading for 20 in the next few weeks
Now this tweet rings of fake news!!!!!
Optimistic white people.
@HuffingtonPost Love the diversity in this picture - NOT
The only optimism I have is that you and that bigot Pence will be gone in a few months..
This news source is about as reliable as a 4-year-old.
Barf you're delusional if you think there's optimism with your sick self around
Ah, optimism!  It's free, does nothing but fill the heads of the sheep with hot air.
@jaketapper 
@chucktodd
Sure won't bring this up on fake news
RUN DONALD RUN
you a no brain
IS @IvankaTrump manufacturing her clothing here in the USA now 2? and your cheap Chinese line of cheesy goods? How 'bout showing your taxes!
Ignorance is bliss - it must be
You should visit my shop
BREITBART.... #nazi #altright #bannon #crazyshit #americanhitler
YEA RIGHT
As usual no POC. Does this mean these jobs are for white men and women?
Optimism..... heard those words before somewhere.... lol I'm more of a realist though.
Yes, they don't have to comply with those pesky regualtions like clear air and water. #MakeAmericaToxicAgain!
Bullshit. Again. Keep working on your resignation speech.
or maybe MAYBE protectionism has always and will always fail,the free market and free trade are the only way for quality of life to improve
I need a  poll any poll- as long as it makes me look good. No need for the truth. Why start now?
Breaking: Fear of monsters under bed lowest in 20 years among those born in 1995! Hooray for measuring intangible emotions!
A survey on manufacturing optimism?  You mean like manufacturing fake surveys?  
No thanks to you! President Obama brought the US economy back from the brink of disaster.
THANKS, OBAMA !!!!!!
I know right! Optimistic that you'll be impeached!
Fake news
Sartre had it right. You're going to hate your new roommates .I can't wait!
Is this true? Who is the enemy? Who is betraying our people? Who will stand by and watch our country turn into a #totalitarian #regime
No one believes you. No one cares what you brag about.
Thank you POTUS Trump!
"I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you" F. Nietzache. Lies all lies!
Celebrating a survey? Seriously?
He should be paying attention to, and improving his APPROVAL as President stats!
I'm very excited! Thank you God for President Trump! May God bless Trump & his family & the USA & Israel!!!!
not from anything you did Mr fake pres
It's so nice to focus on good news.  Our country has a great chance if we unite confidently together behind President Trump!  Patriotism!!!
Lol u r so pathetic. You have been in office 70 days. This would be from the work Obama did. Grow up, mclittlehands
