You should be honoring all those who fought for their rights - including Congressman John Lewis. We are.
The zoo called. They’re wondering how you got out of your cage?
So why aren't you going to the museum? Scared? Ashamed? You should be. I doubt u r capable of feeling shame.
full of it
great man
- He was everything you are not. Don't act like you knew who he was.
Donald, this is a black man you're praising, would you piss on his bed too?
How about you celebrate the legacy of great man by apologizing to another great man @repjohnlewis.
hypocrisy, they name is donald trump.
Ok Each his epoch & origin Family religion Not all representing clergy You Great #us & Me http://1aw.fr/site/2016/$=&75$=&92--television--$=&75$=&92/site/indexstate.html … #press $
oooh, who wrote this?
will do President. Thanks for being honest and not hypocritical like the others in Washington.
& the great ones that stood with him like John Lewis 
#Blacklivesmatter
he'd hate you
You are Like a true liberal: spewing hate about others
I was praying that you had died overnight. Looks like there is no God. I guess I'll drink.

so says the man that lied about visiting the  museum not even a week ago, the COTUS.  Clown of The Untied States
hypocritical
Wow, @realDonaldTrump it's a pity you do not understand irony. Attacking a civil rights icon is not the way to honor Dr Martin Luther King.
amen

can u name some of those great things u r referring to?
While you mock MLK's great civil rights ally John Lewis. What would King have made of your racist birther attacks on Obama?
. @realDonaldTrump I'm sure you're his number one fan
And is friend and partner, John Lewis.
tell him to take care of his district instead of himself then possibly he may be validated
I actually LIVE in his district.  It is thriving.  John Lewis has devoted his entire life to serving others.  Do homework before tweeting.
omg these people are ten days late & way too short now cut it folks
You have got to be joking.
please leave then that's the only way not to accept him as your president
HOW come everything you say sounds like an order?
MLK would never had anything to do with you. You're an embarrassment
.@realDonaldTrump Birtherism, housing discrimination, dishonoring John Lewis, calling inner cities hellscapes, The Wall, Jeff Sessions...
Those actions are the opposite of everything MLK fought for. So many Americans will honor #MLKDAY by recommitting to fight your agenda.
We won't allow the dream to die. Thank you for reminding us that we have to fight for it. #MLKDAY
considering the grammar and vocabulary, I would suggest that the PEOTUS did not tweet this. Staffer, maybe? Ivanka?
As a bigoted racist pig, u could learn a lot from MLK and "things' he stood for. Hope u spend time educating urself today.
. @realDonaldTrump you becoming president is an insult to his legacy.
Not so... he would be terribly sorry for obama's underhanded activity,  all lies, and where did all his new money come from?
easy to follow his money. Book royalties.
.@realDonaldTrump As you wish... we stand against the tyranny, injustice, and racism you represent, and which MLK worked his life to rid.
.@realDonaldTrump MLK would have certainly appreciated you questioning the legitimacy of the first black president.
His legitimacy has nothing to do with his race.
who are you to tell a man what he can and can't say
you never mention he was the first person to let Jews and blacks into his golf club
.@realDonaldTrump Honey, this seems almost deliberately vague. What are some ways you're honoring Dr. King today if you're not too busy?
.@realDonaldTrump Surely you're not just going to tweet he was "great" and did some "wonderful things" and leave it at that. Right? Donald?
#nonviolence

.@realDonaldTrump Will I be seeing you at the Museum of African American History today? Oh... no, cause you canceled that. Right.
wahhh the candidate i voted for didn't win wahh
I might have more respect for Trump if his supporters ever had a response that didn't sound like a 3rd grade bully
With two brain cells, it's hard coming up with words better than "snowflake" and "libtard"
ah yes the 'intelligence' insult bc you don't agree with my politics. True American hero uberfacts
wow that was definitive, lol NOT
He stood for John Lewis, equality, freedom and not being triggered like a snowflake on a warm summers day Take the hint 
look at this level of hypocrisy calling a republican a snowflake
Oh shut the fuck up, Donnie. If #MLK were alive today you'd call him a terrorist. You infant-handed wannabe tyrant.

@realDonaldTrump
If MLK were alive today he wouldbe disgustedwith the bastardization of his movment degrading into BLM terrorism
Why isn't MLK alive today...?
I think he is, maybe not in flesh, but his spirit is so so powerful
Why is MLK no longer alive...?
like you did with a no show? #hypocrite
you don't stand for any of the things MLK did you chump.
exact opposite of you
amen brother!
I am so THANKFUL a man of your integrity is taking the reins. Your beautiful family shows you've done it right!
it would be awesome if you truly lived like Dr. King or appreciated his sacrifices!
Wow the first intelligent thing from this account - mark it down in history !
You sound like you have no idea who he is
God does things but he doesn't explain why or lay the reasons for some things you don't find out why until your ready.
name one good think MLK did. I'll bet you don't even know
Like you care? I'm surprised you didn't call him an immigrant
Coming from a Racist that's Pretty Funny as long as your Angry White Man like you.
https://youtu.be/1oDOehW63wA 
and honor Him who's Heavenly Father created all of them.
I cant wait till Trump steamrolls all these corrupt puppeteer democrats out of office. The more you stop talking/boasting about your race like a supremacist, the less "racists" are gonna feel obliged to come out of the woodwork.  hmmm
God moves us in different levels in our lives it's up to grow where were at so he can move you to the highest level yet
Oh! THAT'S why you encouraged your base to target minorities at your rallies... Gotcha.
by trashing one of the greatest civil rights leaders this country has seen
don't pander. Rings as hollow as your Bible quotes
yes he was i was very young when he was killed i cry that happened to him
if you look at his speeches and writings, he was a plagiarist. He may have started the movement, nothing original though
by attacking men who stood with him?
lol lol yeah right...u kidding us right?
I remember him talking as a young kid. He was a true man of God, unlike these current religious zealots!
He would've never voted for you. LOL!!!
ConDon
OMG You Are Such a Fk'g Hypocrite!
You're a divider not a unifier!  MORE than half of us who voted DONT want you-you're an embarrassment to the USA.
He would not have approved of riots looting ignorance he would have been at the scene unlike Obama
but ran on a platform completely contrary to everything he believed in
#hypocrite
#Illegitimate
u will be the best president,they hate because you point facts n truth.dnt impress anybody but truth
too bad you have him "roughed up" and thrown out had he attended one of your "rallies". You are poison
Admit it:
If Dr. King were alive today, you'd be calling some insulting nickname you made up and demanding to see his birth certificate.
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
unfortunately he would be ashamed, BLM destroyed everything that he was about
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
Dr. King would be ashamed of the cry-baby democrats including John Lewis.
the "great man that he was" is someone who would fight against everything you're doing and you know it.
thanks my president, you are going to the best.
why not tax the illegal immigrants that try to send money across border charge them 20% withought proper visa papers
while you put John Lewis down. I realize the fire hoses that were used on Lewis didn' contain pee but you couldn't take it
was he selfish don't look so does it
Name one-no google
Better than a million of you could ever be!!!
(Phone ringing)... Excuse me Russia called, they want their idiot back
A lot of people feel the same way. A good man lost for no good reason.
No one would want to celebrate that with you.
Thank you for acknowledging and honoring Martin Luther King Jr.
WE celebrate and honor him. Do YOU? sad.
Well brave man you're MR regardless your xenophobe on Muslim....be brave and FREE President for PEACE.
xptdr
The handle is Black Misty if you ever need to know. Tweet me I can teach you more about accepting those who are different.
this is the man who advocated for committing a war crime btw. He removes black people from his casinos whenever he enters.
Yes, he was great, but he would never be allowed to stay in one of your hotel rooms.  How about that?
<3 i love you
. wow
#Trump45 #TrumpUSA #TrumpAmerica
those opposing should go back to the history books...did they ban history in schools?
I do honor him.  I honor him by fighting you and everything you stand for.
Please don't act as though you respect Dr. MLK. We all know who you really are! Racist!
LYING CNN IS REPORTING = FAKE-NEWS-TRASHING-TOM PRICE / LINK BELOW 2 VERIFY
That is a VERY biased and hypocritical statement. You're such a trashy, classless liar.
U know nothing about Civil Rights fight+history, otherwise would not have nominated Sessions as AG!#RussianHackPresident
WHEN U HAD SESSIONS SAY HE WOULD WITHDRAW FROM ANY HILLARY INVESTIGATION DEMS TOOK IT AS WEAKNESS & NOW
DEMAND MORE. . .
so excited for our Country.  You WILL make and keep America great again.
sociclize medicine is long overdue for america mr. persident.
Americans now have you to lead us toward better days ahead. Thank you, Mr. President-Elect.
Celebrate MLK Day by hate-tweeting a civil rights hero! Yay, Donnie! #Illegitimate
... by NOT going to the memorial in Atlanta.  Pure Genius.
Die
- good comment, just hope that you can follow suit & we will appreciate any attempt by you to be honorable
ease@keep@tweeting! Like to know what YOU are really thinking!
Yea better than you LOL
he would of boycotted  your inauguration 2
but insult john lewis childishly
He'd have despised you.
You are a #racist #fascist #egocentricfool
.@realDonaldTrump é meter os olhos e fazer uma homenagem ao #baladas @Sporting_CP
Watch NYT video titled Unfiltered Voices from Donald Trump's Crowds to see what your people think of rights of all.
Thank you for all you've done & promised to do. God bless & keep you & yours. You are a true blessing.
he would be horrified by you
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
I wish you were half the man Dr. King was
It has become very clear that the Democratic Party cares more for themselves than for America! What a bunch of Cry Babies!!
#WakeUpAmerica #MAGA I've never been so disappointed in my fellow Americans! Get over it. America needs us to pull together
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
even though your racist and homophobic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=85&v=gFZ-1EojoFM …
Yeah. He is good.
@JoannaMenagh http://www.alternet.org/civil-liberties/riot-language-unheard-9-mlk-quotes-mainstream-media-wont-cite …
Check the MLK quotes that some ppl don't like
fake sentiment
