Get that bill just passed 2 and 4 th amendment rights violation! AMERICA IS PISSED! RYANS CAREER IS FINISHED!
YOU know arlington national cemetery used too be ROBERT E LEES House and they would bury union soldiers in his wifes rose garden Arlington
no
.
Send troops - fema and help to Texas now! Please! This storm is bad 
Hey what about that dime?
ok
Jesus Christ is the Lord.
Good job
Best days.
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia.  http://45.wh.gov/FortMyer ...
Drop dead
I need to interview you mr president and tell you about all kinds of #FakeNews they are fabricating about you in #iraq .. 
@HaiderAlAbadi
عزيزي احمد تريد نسوي حملة come to albasheershow؟ تعرف بينا منقصر
اذا صار تاك صيحوني اجيب چوالاتي وجماعتي واجيكم.. #بعدنه_بظهرك
Thank you for the invite but this event occurred well over a month ago
Nice speech! Make sure your supporters are safe when you go to AZ
No thanks #BlackoutTrump #TrumpResignِ
Watching you right now. You are the best
No.
Please Congress cut off funding for this never ending war

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
No one wants to join you, lol
We're counting on you to go off script
You giant manure pile!!! Saudi Arabia planned and carried out 9/11.
Live from another Nazi rally?
And again big Don, please stop with the fake military sympathy crap. I'm one retiree that it's REALLY offending.
Watch another campaign con job? Hell no! #MakeAmericaGroanAgain
Nope.  Not a chance.
Nice flip flop!!
Ok, but only if you promise to fully unhinge and talk off the cuff...that's what real leaders do #obamawoulddoit
We are waiting 
Time to turn off the tv -
What an inspiring and awesome speech.  So proud I voted for you.
GREAT to see you show weak, sad Obama how to end a war! Oh, haha, JK. Sad that ur baseless base believed u when u said, it's gonna b so easy
Join this !!
I can't watch your speech  because I cannot stand the sound of your voice it makes me so ill and you sound like a first grader
You was spot on Mr President...we stand behind you!!!
"You was"? Really? *smh*
SMH at you.
Speech writers can't hide 45s true feelings.
Fuck no.
I'd rather get ass fucked by a snake
Ready to resign?
Get a haircut. We all know you're going bald. Your hair looks ridiculous.
I'm watching, Mr. President! #USA #PresidentTrump 

No thanks
You are only trying to deflect from last week!  #TrumpResign
All negative nancy's go away. You are just comfirming what Trump said about tearing our country apart, instead of uniting our country.
You are the Master of Hate. Please just stop all the lies! God only knows what you will be up to in AZ at your KLAN RALLY! Is Joe going free
Have your eyes had time to heel?
 
So we can hear your failure of a plan in Afghanistan???

I was wondering who was holding unto Trump's balls while he read the script. He sure liked to talk the talk, his walk is different. .
Can you read the teleprompter?
Afraid he can't Jeffrey. Trump probably burned out his retinas since Science is Fake News.
Delicious.
Do you think people can tell the difference though? He has already been so blind with racism and injustice.


That was a terrible speech
The part to deflect from the  shit bomb of a press conference with his racist rhetoric.

How many holes you playing? #absentpresident #lazyleader #parodypresident
No thanks.
Funny, that was the first word that popped into my head... No...
LOYALTY guys #undergod
Please leave my Commonwealth alone.
Good job boss.
unless, you're a transgender soldier...
You forgot to mention-"Enjoy!"
So trump's "secret" plan turns out to be Ibama's strategy?!

No, she should stay in jail for saying something like that.
Those poor soldiers being used as a prop?
Thank you for your speech to protrect the Freedom
NO
Great speech. I'll be uploading a clip soon.
woooooow Love you mensieur prisiden de USA 
Sorry, I rather get a root canal and watch a snail crawl cross the road. You crooked immoral clown.....
These are not even your words. You couldn't  be that literate. Even the bigley words you said you don't even understand  your inept,
I'm sure all the soldiers who fought in WWII who are buried in Arlington are spinning in their graves.
I can't, I am not racist
For what, more lies?
Great speech.  Silence remains golden!  Prayers always
No.
Lookin' good sir! Thank you for not being afraid. Your supporters are behind you.
Great speech, thank you for being so honest. Thank God your my President!!!!
You are a high quality person, Mr. President.
TRUMP ever since u took office u generals and left have cried for more war,war now obama and mcmasters plan is in play! This is disheartning
I will Pres. Trump and your talk tonight in Mount Arlington VA was powerful, sincere and fantastic. You were a stoic President. SO amazing
How is increasing the troops making America first?

No
Yes
You are lovely president
Resign
I was a hard pass but I thought, ok one more chance. Well shame on me . Enough!
hello lazy bigot, pls comment on the ongoing investigation into sex trafficking of young girls through trump model mgmt
We will sir
Why not say ISLAMIC TERRORISM?!??
Great speech, Mr. President. Do not listen to the rhetoric from the ignorant. Go get 'em!
No
Ewwww.
If you've EVER CARED about the USA. RESIGN. If you love it let it go..... show US your love.
I think we need a draft. Male and female. They will serve or leave. Get them off the streets. If my kid can serve so can the haters.
Great Job Mr. President!! 
Up Yours
I did ;)
Than any president ever in 8 years.  Why don't just stay at the white and work.  Or is this rally a way to vacation and not pay
the only words I want to  hear from you are "I resign."
No thanks
Donald Trump is the best president that we have ever had
Passionate and ingenious. Haven't enjoyed such a meaningful and loaded presidential speech in decades.Thank you Mr. President!
I agree was a wonderful speech and full of sincerity.  We believe in you.
Keep it up. Our prayers are with you and your family. Time to stop backing the swamp Republicans. Let us know who they are.
Quit golfing & talking about yourself & get your state Dept & ambassadors on the job. Our soldiers are risking their lives Your incompetent!

Stay out of my city. Thx.
Great speech! Thank you Mr. President! We love you!! Continued prayers for you and your family 
No thank you
I heard nothing about Robert E. Lee at the Charlottesville rally. All I heard was hatred for Jews. You're a fool if you believe that rally
Thank you President Trump
We Pakistani hate you
HELL NO- U R NOT IMPORTANT MY DEAR. Rather do fun things with my beau
Great address to the American people President Trump! Keep doing what you're doing!

What for? Anything comes out of your mouth is not worth listening. Sad
You need to learn how to read.  And come up with a few more hand signs, when "conducting" big words for yourself.
That was an excellent setting to deliver your speech tonight!  See all the military in the audience made a statement.
Join trump hè abt to show the world his thingy Ok here itt is. As your pres i have a lot to offer. Please rt my thingy i would be bigly thfu
@realDonaldTrump I'd rather see you live in prison.
https://twitter.com/LaylaFanucci/status/900034367019298816 …
Great job. BTW, really good hair tonight. Stay safe. Keep our troops safe.
Well that was a waste of time
Quit
Dude, you are so putting more troops in Afghanistan. You are not the close to the vest type you fashion yourself to be.
Afghanistan was obamas issue per u back in the day.  So instead of a clown like u per ur interview withdraw ur a joke for usa fraudulent mf
You apparently aren't welcomed there Donald. You should hole your safespace rally elsewhere
I'd rather jump into traffic
Loved your speech!
Local milk people
No phone call from boy scouts
New Hampshire drug infested den
You cant say you won't pay for the wall that will be bad for me
Hard pass
Ck article on my page. Listings on Craig's List for actors of color getting paid to go to rally and support Trump. FAKE FANS...SO SAD!!!
Autocratic ruthless rulers versus free world. Time to do LA tea party to dump chinese goods
Withdrawl from Afghanistan. You are not getting good advice on this 16 year debacle Mr President.
no
What are U doing, a game show or a cocktail party?  U R certifiably the worst President in history.  Again, not a TV reality show.  Loser

No thanks!
Are you resigning? No? Then no thanks. I'd rather wash my dogs ass.
Why? You gonna hand in your resignation?
#USA
No thank you.
Join me live from Fort Trump Sucks, which is my couch.
https://twitter.com/Hublife/status/900046216871911425 …
Why, is there a golf tournament there?
You are a Godsend 
It is time they learn to be real men
Slept right true it, so I guess you made total sense.
Seriously, can't wait to laugh at it.
No, thanks, President "Wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am". Just more promises broken.
Thank you President Trump! True leader, passionate patriot, American torch bearer!! Stay focused! Stay the course! 
great sir
Gotta make it look good :
Fuck to the no.
Can't. Gotta puke!  #ResignTrump
How were the ratings. Lol #resign #trumpMustGo
Military Industrial Complex is very happy with your choice.... the American people not so much
No. 
Spew....
So predictable...no new strategy...just BS
