Not phony at all! The only phony is sitting in the POTUS chair and whining about people not loving him enough.
IS PHONY!!! #FakeNews Lady you!
Of course Trump is phony. Glad you're finally on board!
OMG....sexuality, racism, cruelty??? All of these were proven lies months ago. I feel for you, my brainwashed Canuck friend
I haven't seen any of those disproven. Link me to your source that shows Trumo did NOT ridicule a handicapped reporter by flailing his hands
The reason why is because your linked articles are from fake news media. You've got nothing to stand on but gibberish
So you're saying trump didn't mock the disabled reporter bY flailing his arms?
It's plain gibberish in the grand scheme of things. What you should look at is the criminality of the lib Dem party
Best President there ever was,or will be.
Got more done than any other President.
Deserves the award he is going to get.
Drain the swamp Mr. President!
We're laughing at you!
We know that is the new narrative for the week from you and the @SenateGOP - it's not going to fly.
When pigs fly!  If this Russian Witch Hunt turns out to be as phony as your affair with Stormy Daniels, “there’ll be bacon in the tree tops come morning!”
The taxpayers are NOT laughing at our money being squandered.
U R an asshole you did it you colluded look at Donnie look at Flynn look at Papadoploas you did it Rump THE JIG IS UP YOURE GOING TO SING SING LEAVENWORTH OR GUANTANAMO YOU MONEY LAUNDERED TOO You the Crapo di Tutti Crapo and you look fabulos in ORANGE
I.L.L.E.G.I.T.I.M.A.T.E  P.R.E.S.I.D.E.N.T.
Soon Mueller will laugh even more.
can't wait till you're rotting in prison, #TraitorTrump
A complete waste of taxpayer money.
Witch Hunt Scoreboard

Flynn: witch
Sessions: witch
Jared: witch
Junior: witch
Manafort: witch
Trump: Pending

#MostSuccessfulWitchHuntEVER
HiLIARy uranium ONE   oh my !
What....a.....bout. The plaintive mating call of the desperate.
Let’s see celebrities, big money ,rock stars =‘s Bangin Hot Women   .   2018   Nobody cares my man
Honesty, Intelligence, Responsibility, Patriotism, Respect for Women, Racial Harmony, World Standing: I guess nobody cares about those anymore either. My man.
I think that you know the deal   You lived the life   Btw Stormy would lick her own and others grit for a buck
First, I wasn't particularly wild, even in my youth. Second, I wouldn't presume to run for office. Third, "imperfect" to describe Trump falls a bit short of the mark. Forth, lying about hush money during a campaign is not a small deal, and the sex part doesn't enter into it.
If Congress was serious about protecting Americans, they'd pass healthcare and #BuildTheWall, not stoke Russia fear all day
Never mind passing healthcare; just repeal Obamacare. Open up the marketplace of insurance companies.
It's meant to destroy healthcare and break the middle class.
It's meant to destroy Obamacare for illegals and save the middle class from high premiums and deductibles.   Tell the truth
All of that sounds good to me. You?
Trump is not a politician. He gets things done.  He has guts.
True, and some other part of the world, too!  It's the most rediculous things in the history of America!  Our FBI or CIA supposed to be
intelligence, but they are lame compare to countries who are able to hack the Bank or in this case, the funnier accusation of  Russia hack!
Just think about it for a second:  The Gov is going to spend thousands of dollars to investigate the Russia  Hack!  Why would Russia hack
our election?  And, com'on sense if Donald Jr met the people who claimed to have the knowledge about our opponent!!  They taught that in
books & in sports, to win, we must know our opposition, their strength & weaknesses!  h Clinton did that, Obama did that, all the other
Former Presidents did that too!  Just see how vicious H Clinton attacked on Trump in her campaigne!  See how her campaign Mgr & staff were
working so hard to utilize any info & knowledge they have had in order to fight their opponent, Donald J Trump in 2016!  It's disgusting &
No, the world is laughing at who the U.S.A. has as a leader.  BTW they are laughing at you not with you.

False news and lies.
Why would the Democrats be laughing?
I just try not to cry every day.
Is the Secret Service empowered to investigate plots against the President and the government's infrastructure?
OJ gets out of prison just in time to make room for another orange. I can't wait to see you locked up!
Actually the whole world is laughing at us due to your incompetence.
Good Lord, go find another scapegoat. You won b/c of Russia help, not on your own merits. Stop lying and giving "alternative facts."
Hi Punkin
its not a witch-hunt if the law was broken.
there are mountains of hard evidence that the law was broken.
Meuller is doing his job
Youve got to examine Mueller past and present and his team in every public way just as he is examining you and your team.
Oh, we're after you, all right. It ain't phony at all. 
#BindTrump
#MagicResistance
We're laughing at you trump...you sound like ur wires are crossed...if all of this wasn't so serious o, I'd be a lot more amused...
When are you going to stop with this lie??? It's been proven false time and time again you sleazy liar!!

@POTUS Trust me.  You are not the only one being witch hunted.  Commonality is CHANGE / ELIMINATING STATUS QUO.
According to Federal Election Commission records, you've donated more to Democrats than all three members of Mueller’s team combined.
Needs to give it a rest.I can't image why anyone would be stupid enough to have voted for him.
The Russians are laughing because you are still fooled by them.
you really have no clue. the longer you're in the White House the dumber you become!!
Your legacy will be a sad story of a wannabe man that thought he could be a president by suckng Putins crank an a son Don Jr who's a traitor
If your tired of it already quit.
No, no. Please be advised, people are laughing...AT YOU!!
If its such a witch hunt my are you looking into pardons and hiring lawyer?
If its phony,  stop talking about... Better yet,  just stop talking.
You'll be out soon and Jared is in line to take all that you have. He's being patient as he knows it's only time. He has Malania on his mind
You are insame Donald
No President should be protected for illegal actions. Now we can say crooked Trump and Family.
https://youtu.be/sh163n1lJ4M 
Can't wait until the phony pres is out. America deserves so much better. #MuellerTime
If it's a witch hunt why does it bother you so much Mr impeach man
We are definitely going to be laughing when they lock you up! #FakePresident
The best person won the election President Trump. He was the right & best person for the Whitehouse. God Bless. #trumptrain #@potus #USA
Another steaming pile of #TrumpFakeNews. FOAD.
Stay Strong Mr. President! The Sewer and Fake News can't continue with these lies forever! All of USA know you are doing a great job!
Resign Traitor! Russia is no friend of USA and neither r u.  #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #Traitor #TraitorTrump #Resign #resignnow
They are laughing because they know you are going to jail
Not phony. On the other hand, you ARE the phony, a coward insulting cabinet members on camera & not in person Bully personified! Resist
Leftists,they are Lier,Dictator& Money Hopper,Dems. all of them are Communist,Russian(Putin)'s body,their Madam. Secrty.pressed reset Button
That's right POS throw your 11 yr old into this mess. Nice move Dad as long as it keeps the attention of you & Jr & Jared
...company owned by George Soros, a major Financial contributor to the Clinton campaign and developer of the open Society Foundation...
Putin & Russia along with most of Europe are laughing at you, prez baby! Why? ur utter lack of respect/understanding for the rule of law!
Do something intelligent like creating a commission to re-investigate and to re-think 9/11. A Grizzly hunted turns to hunt the hunter.
and you just keep pouring fuel on the fire instead of changing the subject to things that really matter ! #FakePresident #BrokenRecord
Why on election day were your people on the phone to russia?just a coincedence...why are you looking into pardons,cant trust you to lead usa
Trump is a disaster for America and the Americans. Sad!
So are you saying that jared lied?
Impeach you!! You are terrible.

Two groups are laughing....is it Blur and Pulp?
They both think you suck
Breaking news! REAL NEWS! The hunt is over, the witch has been found!
The "phony Russian witch hunt will be the end of you.  
The world cannot wait for 2020.  #2020Today
The Russian relationship will come to light and you shall reap all that you planted in life. Those you have cheated and destroyed will stand
Oh my heavens your ridiculous
I can't believe you talked about politics at the boy scout commemoration and the Easter egg hunt day for the children. Stop being petty af
stop with Hillary she not president you are give it a break never seen deflection like this before ridiculous
It's not collusion now it is conspiracy to break the law and obtaining info to injure and defame Hillary Clinton.
They're stuck on it they don't know what else to talk about because they they're ignorant
Scrutiny and scrutiny to the content to the content to the nation that issues the wiman and kids a self working living investmentuman rights
if it's phony give us evidence that proves it can't be real
Democrats are so stupid they don't realize that if Russia was meddling in the election for their benefit, they would want a wuss like Obama.
No we know this, the media tried to show what a conman trump was. But you would not listen
yeah, an innocent guys asks if he can pardon himself....
Donald Crump no one else cares about the election anymore but you. We all just wantyou to at least try and run our country
Hannity/Fed investigators looking at Dem IT workers possible wikileakers Arrested after Found smashed computers of Hillary campaign person
it's no witch hunt when they see you boiling up the cauldron and dressed as a witch!
please be quiet. I can not listen to one more boy who cried wolf " fake news" accusation from you. Really. Just stop.
Wtf ;-;
Everyone is laughing at us.
Red alert........
LET it be known to the world that the Nigerian armed military want to assassinnate Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and IPOB members.
Fire mueller and the American people will hire him! Gofund me page for mueller!
Another of trumps fake news coming from new comms director. Lets attack HRC, Dems. Push voter investigation. All BS. Has anyone said u won?
No....we are all ASHAMED. Treason. Look it up #boughtandpaidfor #realDonaldTrump
You just don't get it. You are deeply corrupt and so easily bought.
Call it what it is  Pussy Grabbing Hunt @realDonaldTrump
Sanctions not lifted. Whose laughing now. Colluder in Chief.
I agree with you hang in
If you have nothing to worry about then why do you bother giving it attention???
When will the real criminals be investigated and put in prison?
Hillary Clinton lost the election.  The Snowflakes in the Democratic Party should get over it.  
You don't even carry your own water.
LIAR!
they are laughing at YOU POTUS, no one but YOU
The phony Russian Witch Hunt is as phony as @realDonaldTrump, the phony president.
No-Several other groups are also laughing-Independents & generally everyone else who thinks you are a lying bag of dicks. 
Grow the hell up. You're behavior is what is driving the criticism AND the laughter.
You are such a fake!!!!
yes everyone knows you can't stand fact you lost to Hillary by 3M votes &you will never get over it why you have phony voter fraud panel
You & your minions will probably enjoy your upcoming indictments. 
Long live freedom of speech and freedom of the press.
Keep Tweeting Doofus @realDonaldTrump Donnie, it helps keep the bright light focused on your corruption, complicating all your misdeeds.
You are a global joke of what pathetic looks like,. Quite. Resign. Go play gold. You are terrible at this job. The worst.
No wonder we look bad to the whole world. Liars, name calling, leakers, show-boating leaders & fakers of the "stupid people" news network.
Mr. President 
My humble opinion, IGNORE  such ignorance! Let's MOVE ON. IE ISIS, Taxes  Healthcare etc. Enough Said. Enough has been said
So you fired Comey because you thought he was conducting a witch hunt. You didn't believe Comey that's your problem you broke the law
The #SiberianPresident is living in the fantasy world located between his ears.
He commuted Treason by inviting the Russians to hack US Systems !!
What is wrong with you? You lost rhe popular vote and you are the only one that wants to talk about it. Be afraid. The hunt is real.
Russian Flunky! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Petty Clown!!!
Do you have any idea what you are saying?  What is wrong with you?
And they are laughing at you!  Hillary the most
Sore losers cant get over the loss. They are the laughing stock of the world with their Russia hysteria.
More people are laughing at you bozo!
The 2 groups that are laughing are the grp that didn't vote for you and the grp that regrets voting for you! You aren't fit to lead anything
Their desperation is sad!!!!!Their ingratitude horrid!!
Enough !  We are sick of the lunch investigation Washington quit WASTING our money.  Time to focus on getting Washington out if our lives.
Phony Election orchestrated by Trump-Putin & All supporting Trump #NotOurPresident
You are delusional
You need to stop before your heart gives out.  Your mind already did so....there's that.  Incoherent tweets for the senile I guess.
Putins  lap boy lol , traitor, misogynistic , bottom feeder you'll be remembered as child who wrecked America, prison is too good for you
If it's phony then why not show all your cards? #ImpeachTrump
Impeach Trump? won't needs to: forced retirement: Incompetence, insanity.
Not phony, Not phony....You're the phony! 
You forgot about the American people. We will get the last laugh for sure!
Or yourself
They're laughing at you, puppet. #NarcissisticSociopath
If you are innocent, you shouldn't worry, right?
Hey what do we have to do to get FOREIGN MILITARY BASES in the US? I mean, how many do we have in other countries?
The truth is coming for you, you Orange Russian *itch.
Reminds me of the scooter Libby ordeal a little bit.
your "pardon myself" talk only shows you are GUILTY AS HELL
You said it!  What a bunch of phony whimps the Democrats and their butt kissing media buddies, but see through them!
And even more groups laughing at the sorry excuse we have for a president.
Real Russians. Fake President! No-one is laughing!
Let me not crack my ribs.
You are the one phonie!!!
For the millionth time....this is NOT about Clinton losing the election!!!
You broke the law and should be impeached. If Obama did what you did he'd be impeached yesterday...with my blessing.
FAKE NEWS!
Should have done this Jan 21, 2017
Played it soft, they didn't reciprocate, time to play it hard.
If it is a witch hunt I guess that makes you a witch. Personally I think it is an insult to witches
Department head of this stupid election and major fortunes

#MakeAnagramsGreatAgain
YOU are NOT a patriot, a true American or a REAL POTUS as YOU choose to side over and over again with Russia, saying they are laughing at us

No, many Rep are also!
The election is over! You've been in office 6 months. Live up to the office or step down. Or wait until you're charged.
You and the Russians are laughing at the American people.

Democrates r forgetting about the citizens of this country once again. Take care of us and we will vote u in again. Dems don't really matter
This tweet doesn't even make sense.

And apparently the Boy Scout Jamboree
I would think you were a Democrat, being a pussygrabber and all!
everything you touch turns to shit, how many bankruptcies have you filed?
Few of us are laughing. We're worried about our country, our place in the world, our reputation.  You are a FAKE PRESIDENT.
The phony Russian Witch Hunt doesnt hold a candle to your Phony presidency!#wake me when it is over
