Por favor Rosselló, diga la verdad. Trump didn't waive the Jones act for PR but did for Texas and Florida. Why can't we? The ocean is to big
You need to work the farms.p up http://bananas.like  other woman do.dnt depend on welfare
Go tell it to the Heritage Fund you boot licker.
5 former presidents doing far more than trump,  give them credit
Trump has been slow,  y falsely praise him.  It lends credit he has not earned yet.  Make him earn it,  he owes PT 33 million.  Pay up.
Trump sat on his rear while 5 former presidents  took over 4 the racist
Gosh governor the democrats are gonna hate you, maybe switch party’s ?
Your people need more than a commitment. People's lives are at stake here. Hundreds could die without access to clean water and food
I suggest you Dimwitts get the help you need, now
Is that meme a pic from the new season of The Walking Dead? Those zombies look pretty convincing.
Not sure, but is nasty
The u.s. help.a lot..
Leadership, what leadership? Trumps a national embarrassment. Push’n foreign leaders on the global stage, spoiled brat. I want up front. Wow
Not quick enough...very Mismanaged!! Shame on the President& Federal Government!!
Tramp don't know what to do with the presidency.he just talk and the stupid one are happy he don't talk any sense .
I wanna know more a bout you my dear .am frank and you are ?
Trump has done more for Russia than he has done for Puerto Rico smh! as a veteran of the United States Russia is our sworn enemy. WOW!
You have disappointed the country Smh.


Gobernador Roselo (así te llama). Please stop kissing Trumps ego-He is no leader, his response has been half ass-he could care less about PR

Corrupt,Traitor, Betray,Crooked, Coward, Artificial,Greedy and Sly are Trump's Family Symbols
￼

Exactly same thing local officials in Texas and Florida said. See a pattern here?
If you could spend an hour with @POTUS what would you rather do? Pls RETWEET
The shoes on the bottom are in violation of the flag code...the flag should never be worn on clothing or athletic uniforms.
Like swimsuits in the Olympics.
I guess you have to stroke his ego or you'll never get any help

POTUS thank you! Gov Rosello, ignore all hateful tweets here - they are just sore loser demoRATS .#MAGA
presumably you were being sarcastic
You NOW Tweeting that people are Thanking you? For fuk sakes....How Insecure!!!! #Resistance #TrumpRussia
I hope you kissed the ring long enough to get some real help from Trump.
One million is not enough Dirty Donnie!

#25thAmendment 
#ImpeachTrump
Quick response? People have no food or water.....
Trump disrespects people. We have your videos from your campaign! He only cares about himself. Trump will never apologize for nasty words !
RT @ricardorossello: Briefed @POTUS @realDonaldTrump in #SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership, quick response & "commitment" t…
Don´t worry - #FakePresident just wants to play..!
 UNTRUMP THE WORLD -FREE TWITTER
    http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
    https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
https://twitter.com/__0hour1_/status/912854511160619009 …
Seams how no one will stick up for Trump I will by saying may lighting strike Donald Trump If he is lien.
Sad they had to beg for help! Yeah your great alright! #notmypotus
yay! It’s like giving an employee a bonus for coming to work on time.


Great Job!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump has visited more Hurricane areas & catastrophe victims than Obama EVER DID!
Don’t be FOOLED by #fakenews
Okay, sure, but global warming causes more hurricanes by heating the water. ??
Oh please....
What a joke!
Good
If a week is quick response...
This is why you fools lost election, you are so out of touch with real world. All you do is divide the country, and them blame it on Trump!
Trump is the main reason this country is divided. Why is that so hard for people to understand? You and all that voted for him are the fools
He was voted in for a reason. Quit hating so much. NO ONE LIKED KILLARY!!!!!! Dems were selling this country out.
Hes done fuck all what you thanking him for
That's how you get the clown's attention.
Someone needs to explain to him that he works for you, not the other way round
Ha!
I so believe in you!!!
I hope you get a great new start sometimes catastrophes can bring good n a better life. Good luck n God bless
 I'm calling on my President @realDonaldTrump to #TakeAKnee for Benghazi and all the injustice acts in America #StandForOurAnthem #Trump
Lol he would only take a knee for Putin,
Trump hates brown people who speak Spanish. He’s a Bum. #trumpisawhitesupremacist
So white people that speak Espanol are okay? Don't make sense nynurse.
Where's your cojones defend your people politics off-limits during these tragic times.
Mr. Rossello you might want to rethink that. #Trump's showed he cares more about monies P.R. owes wall street. AND
1/2 In case you missed it Mr. Rossello, #Trump needed 2 tweets to insult #PuertoRico instead of worrying about lives
...It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars....
What has the Puerto Rican government done over the years to modernize? Yup, Trump's fault for the country's economic decisions
Quick response? You mean next week? @mcuban sent his plane on a relief mission. Was gold-plated Trump Force One there yet? 1)
Out of curiosity, do you really want AF1 and USSS taking up space and resources being used for relief efforts?
No, his private TRUMP plane. You know, like billionaire Mark Cuban sent his.
So...your criticism is that he didnt load up a private plane with food and fly it into Puerto Rico to drop it off?
My criticism is someone should have loaded up his B757 and flown multiple  missions to #PuertoRicoRelief
I'm sorry, his WHAT response???
https://www.fema.gov/news-release/2017/09/18/president-donald-j-trump-signs-emergency-declaration-puerto-rico …

As it turns out, "disrespecting" the flag is probably more common than you think  
I don't think this is considered disrespecting the flag but representing the flag. Every country embroiders their flag on clothing.
What leadership? And why would you thank him? He has done nothing! Mike Pence is WAY more Presidential.

Wish it were true
Denying waiving the Jones Act to reduce shipping life saving supplies to PR should make you very sad and angry

why dont we have Price FL to PR and pick people up....lol
Really?
Ricardo, don't you find it disturbing that if you don't worship trump he will step on your whole country like a grape? Scary times.
your tweet was good politics but light on actual facts.  still, PR hurts and you have to do what you have to do, it's understandable.
Wall Street Got a Bailout, Why Not Puerto Rico?
You call two weeks a quit response?!!! Get the FOH!!!
Thank you Mrs President God bless our POTUS and our govenor
Awesome
Puerto Rico’s debt by bankrupting a golf course there and adding 33 million in debt #@realDonaldTrump
You were going to get generators, fuel truck and other supplies but was confiscated by FEMA.  abuse of government power. Prayers for PR

Who are you, to speak for the 3.5 million people in Puerto Rico without potable water, food and shelter? A shames politician, I guess...
But @CNN  says you haven't gotten help?! It can't possibly be #fakenews  an it???
LOL at the quick response
I really expected to see a puppet show or some cartoons or something that looked like him to keep his attention.
The nation, Puerto Rico, and many people all over the world, what i want to say with this? In time of need, everybody should look for....
Dude! What has he done for Puerto Rico other than blame you for your problems after the hurricane? He has no commitment to Puerto Rico.
Cuba has offered help to Puerto Rico and the USA has blocked them. Horrible country!
Your quick response NOT to waive the Jones act? @realDonaldTrump is a racist, period. Puerto Ricans are Americans too and need help!
FAKE NEWS!!
Gracias Gov. Ricardo Rosello y POTUS. Unidos nos levantaremos de las cenizas.
Excellent job Gentlemen!
How does it smell up there in Trump's ass???
I appreciate his service to the USA
Go to http://Northcom.mil  to get updates on what the us military is doing

This is Jeffrey Epstein, known pedophile and human trafficker. Conservatives like to focus on Clinton connections, but look at Trump's quote 
@ricardorossello Start distributing the donations to the people of PR People are in need more than u could ever imagine. Don't be a #Dotard
7 days later and constant tweets about nonsense later...okay I guess, as I keep seeing babies and old folks suffering and the airport ugh!
Ya done kissing his ass?
Appoint Lt. General Honore to help P.R his experience with Katrina speaks volume. Call the man! @VP
sycophant.

Are you being sarcastic? 
Stop kissing trump's ass! I believe there hope of money from trump investment later, that your trolling for!!!
PRESIDENT TRUMP send aid PRIOR. Doesn't anyone do any research before jumping to falsities? https://www.fema.gov/news-release/2017/09/18/president-donald-j-trump-signs-emergency-declaration-puerto-rico …
Thank you Mr. President sir another hike in our economy So happy I voted  for you and I will again in 2020
pretty cool when think about 30 years ago this kind of communication  was in sci-fi lol
Quick response??? 
@repjoecrowley  pandering to your uniformed perceived base is dishonest, just like sending your kids to school in Virginia
I dont respect or like that foul mouthed stupid man
Good luck. Seems like you can not make anyone happy so make yourself happy and perhaps others will follow. Thank you for supporting the US.
http://DEATHOFCOMMUNISM.JOSRU.COM 
Ricardito what quick response????? Despues de la lluvias de críticas por su falta de consideración.
Menos show, más acción
Mange merde
Really?? It's been almost week after the hurricane!!!
Glad Trump is comfortable in his golf course.

#GoodMorningUSA
#RealityPotUS
I think it’s amazing that aid was ready before it hit even after Florida and many other parts of that neck of the woods got struck ..
#MPRGA  make Puerto Rico great again
If waiting 6 days is a quick response. You don't have much loyalty or regard for the people suffering in Puerto Rico. Shame on You
Stop the ass kissing @ricardorossello they are letting our people die on YOUR watch. Se necesita accion no reuiniones pendejas! #PuertoRico
What NFL should do if even worth tax dollars we subsidize 'em is cancel games & send their big dopes to Pueto Rico 2to recovery of Americans
self-praise for something Donald Jail Trump didn't do. Busy tweeting about NFL
#TheResistance
That mean that most of you out there People are EXCLUDED! Told you Luciger says Trump is not Human nor feels your pain.
Governor Rossello thank you for your  leadership in updating the Federal Government on this crisis.
Politically Trump & U will pay for allowing people to die. It's not THAT PLACE OR THAT ISLAND, it's PUERTO RICO USA.LIFT THE JONES ACT
Our citizens in PR need help.  My sister & other continental residents are stranded there w/no way home. #PuertoRicoRelief #HelpAmyGetHome
I thank Trump is doing a great job
Commitment to people?  I'm wondering if you should be committed
He is a idiot let's keep it 
The US needs to help Puerto Rico as a part of the US. Trump is failing all of us. We pray and contribute what we can. Our government has been too slow and many of us pressure congress to help
This situation is desperate due to Trumptard failures and governor would say anything as he basically a hostage
Governor, as a Puerto Rican in MA, the news of what we here is going on, contradicts what you claim! How can there be such a disconnect?
"Quick response"???
You ARE #fakenews
Quick response? That's why people are dying right now. You should be ashamed of yourselfs!!!
Yes, he is such a narcissist you will need to KIA to get what you need. Good thinking.
Be a man and tell the truth! HELP your people avoid possible genocide. I believe the mayor because I am from pittsburgh you need more
what about that pearl necklace he gave you? you seem giddy
Did he make you say this before he would help? Blink twice for yes.
There is a warehouse in Miami with food and water waiting ti get to Puerto  Rico? They have the help but need the permission.
Quick response?
It would be easier to refer to just @POTUS
Wait, what?  Facebook told me President Trump was ignoring the situation...
Lol
Thank you Mr. Ptesident!
This is so much bull shit, you are a lying dissembler and a poor president that lies to the country only care about himself #shameful donnie
Did he remind you about the billions in debt you’ll have to deal with soon.

So who is the person in charge of the relief efforts, FEMA or you Mr. Rossello?  Why are supplies not being distributed?
Wat some people don't understand is the #POTUS take the advice from the people on the ground about wen he can go to access the damage
Leadership?  What leadership?  You must be one of his bottom-of-the-barrel supporters. Shame on you for what you're doing to the U.S.
Yay 
What are you thanking him for? Did he actually DO something?
These government officials have learned to play trump like a fiddle. Doesn't take long to learn how to flatter an egotistical maniac.
Isn't it funny as in great, other countries and their leaders and people know what a great President we now have in the U.S & appreciate him
Your the New Progressive Party,, Really !
What a friggin  nincompoop
quick response mi culo!
Ricardo Rossello is another ass kissing corrupt politician who does not give two hoots about his people. He should RESIGN!!
@PeterBotte. I remember when you wrote about sports. You knew a lot about that subject.
The citizens of Puerto Rico are HELPLESS, Mr. tRump!  They are HELPLESS! You are lying & making excuses! HELP THEM, PLEASE!!
Nothing but lies
President Trump is doing a great job..far better then Obama

Pretty sure all trolls are here
Donald Trump is a great man. And him will continue to do good all over the world.
Quick response it'll be two weeks after he hurricane before he goes there
