Yeaaah... You have a lot to apologize for, how about you start with this, you fraud!
R U going to apologise to them for not discussing this in private? Perhaps silence & understanding SHULD b ur goal?BetrMan?
That Kenyan birth certificate.,,, d'ya have it about your person?
 @realDonaldTrump U NEED TO APOLOGIZE to people of USA & the WORLD for just being U! Pls see a psych Dr abt ur really bad mental health!
who said? 17 Intel agencies vs. 1 man who has Putin's line and is desparetly trying to distract us with China & bad appts.?
oh yeah the media invented your feud with intelligence and the intelligence community/
frtd
I left a Soviet block country to get away from people like you. Even you can't take away freedom of speech
And YOU Mr. President should fire a White House aide who is insulting the Moral Integrity of your office. When I was in the Air Force (Honorable Discharge YOU Draft Dodger Silver Spoon Loser of A #FAKEPOTUS @realDonaldTrump who just made a Great Deal with China to rescue ZTE
Your mother not aborting you was the biggest mistake in history.
"When people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE" - Donald J. Trump."
@POTUS Okay, 1/2 quote, so now I'm really confused.  But, when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE. No quotes.
you're a mistake
Donald John Trump! Practice what you fecking preach.
in the next coupld of weeks, I will be apologizing for making false accusations against the previous (better) President.
the weakest most powerful man in the world...
i hope you can be better person today than yesterday 
You are right. But we all know why they are doing this. We refuse globalism and the NWO.God is good.
Again, you are siding with the Russians over Americans working for the security of America. MAGA???
#sorrynotsorry that your #impeachment is looming. #putinspuppet #traitor #treason
gross, you should apologize
a Funny enough you didn't have those words for Hilary.
STEP DOWN!
what is media apologizing for?!
lol - you screw up All the time and would sooner fall on your sword than own it
lock them up!!

you were saying . . . ?
You should APOLOGIZE for running for office,for lying,for covering dirt up, for acting stupid about #flynngate to AMERICA

Why should anyone apologize? I have yet to hear you admit mistake! So good at blaming everyone else! Life is madly unfair!
trump: y'all better put some respek on my name. Y'all finished or y'all done?
is this a parody account
LIAR
does that mean you will apologize for not firing @KellyannePolls @seanspicer &  Flynn when they betrayed public trust?
How about that Soviet ship and cruise missile, eh?
some one is in deep deep 
idiot!  #resign
When people make mistakes they should apologize. Truth. Try it.
Good-bye, Orange Julius Caesar.
treason
Agree, people who make mistakes should apologize. Guess who "they" are. Hint: It's bigger than a breadbox. #Flynnghazi
should apologize
Stephen Millers lies don't enhance the size of your "hands" your actions are small like your heart and mind
you're right people should apologize when they make a mistake.  When can we expect your apology?
When have U ever been known 2 make a sincere apology ?
why does freedom of the press allow the press to lie and create contention? We need an amendment to control falsehood.
I am sure that, as it always happens, after the inauguration those chiefs and media fill their pants and sit tight.
When did you apologize for mistakes?  You said you never did anything to ask God for forgiveness for.  Read 1st John: 1:10
You'll get no more respect from me than you gave Obama!  I hate it that I can't respect the POTUS.
TRUMP, YOU ARE A CRAZY MAN & WOODWARD IS A SICKO WHO CRAVES & BEGS FOR ATTENTION, LIKE YOU.  BEND OVER FOR HIM, TRUMP!
No apology necessary to a mess like you.  Leaving US until January 2020, for house in Pemberton BC
That is good decision
Sir have you apologized one time for all the untruths you have told ..that have been proven to be lies?
u7yeazByýgttlllkkkugkfdwaaTTREEĎWSSWÈDGGZZTewrtdjh I have hjolkñpn
Might be the dumbest thing you've ever said, Donny
how about pow's aren't heroes?
when will your ministers, and you, stop using #privateemailservers? #trump
you don't own the media #MrOrange #Trump
so when will you apologize?!
YOU SHOULD APOLOGIZE THIEF IN CHIEF!!

Yes you should apoligize!!
SINCERE apologies go a long way to reestablishing friendships and strong bonds...a soft answer turns away wrath...
You First
The key word is "intelligence." Just because you don't understand doesn't mean they made a mistake. Respect your betters.
nobody cares about your feelings Tronald. You earned all of this!
Practice what you preach
fake president
Like when you apologize for grabbing women in the hooha? All you said was Locker Talk. That's the new apology - locker talk
you should apologize
nobody likes you
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump I'm not saying I hope you fall over dead w/a heart attack. But lots r saying that.  U look unwell on day 4! Sad.
My hang nail made a mistake scratching me in the middle of the night.  It should APOLOGIZE!!!!
Leaked John McCain email to GOP donor show Trump Russia dossier is a fake
we should apologize and you shouldn't, why is that ?
You haven't @realDonaldTrump
you lie a confirmed 72 percent of the time, and spread hate and ignorance, so, when are you going to apologize?
Well America when you goin apologize to the Black folks for lying and stealing our history to benefit yourselves?
so where are your apologies?
well then you have to apologize for your many "mistakes" or lies.
The media does--it prints retractions.
I want to change this term fake news to negative news our leader has been in office 1 day haters, let him move mountains
so should presidents
, you should apologize.
Congratulations Mr. Trump, my Lance Corporal Marines son is finally safer. God Bless you.
no one is apologizing to you you MANGLED APRICOT HELLBEAST!!!!
Ego and pride goes nowhere ,I dont like that man,I must get to know him better,Reach out media /Tv to the President ,give
why don't you model this for the rest of the country. That's what a good leader would do.
=I want people to apologize for not thinking as highly about me as I think about myself-when I'm not having bad self esteem
no, you should apologize for lying to middle america
bring back fact checking ! I haven't been able to watch the news in 8 yrs because of the unreliability in reporting ....
What do you think of a point system for news Outlets reporting fake news included fines and 24 HR suspensions in broadcast
you should do a lot of apologizing!
I agree Mr. President . They should publicly apologize to you. I pray that all this nonsense will stop soon.
Apologize for what? Doing their job? How about you do yours, and really give them something to write about? #nowthatsanidea
Just like you will, right?
fact finding on your stmts.. you accused CIA not the media..Pinochio
you need to apologize to the American people.. have the guts to show your income tax returns!!!!,
you are one of the hardest working President I have seen in my lifetime . I am 58. Don't change the course God gave you!!
HAHAHAHA. Omg. You just kill me with your gibberish. Hope you don't kill us all literally. (Look up that big word)
@CNN @WSJ TRUMSPTER SHOULD APOLOGIZE AND RESIGN BEFORE BEING IME
You are looking more ridiculous and vulnerable every day! Do you know just how bad you are for America overseas?
Unlike Trump who lies continuously but never apologizes. But irony is lost on him & followers.
When was the last time you apologised Prez Chump? Hard to imagine that a joker could be elected - even NYC didnt want u
plz get off twitter potus cannot be on twitter u twit#buenasuerta
- Oh, yeah--like that time you spent YEARS saying Obama was born in Kenya--even AFTER he showed the birth certificate?
what sore looser. That's the left for you no grace, just angry and.immature children
and so should you for your appalling behavior and words towards women and minorities.
U have never apologized for anything you have done why should they? I really want to give you a chance but I don't see how?
YES, YEPPPY
YOU TOO
and you should take your own advice
when are you going to apologise? For what? The list is long!!!
you dint apologize for anything
ur original tweets crying about I.A. sure seemed like u had beef with them. do u even know wtf u say half the time?
that means you should be apologizing daily you #hipocrit
you are not presidential material or professional.
#oh like you apologise
Respecting the Intelligence agency SO much!
so the media is responsible for this tweet? They must have used Russian hackers to take over your account. Very dishonest
how can Madonna threaten to blow up the white house and not be arrested? Please don't allow this threat to go un punished.
for what?
apologize like u do?? When mocking a handicapped journalist 4 ex?
apologies should be spewing from your mouth like an overflowing waterfall.
yes they should if you call outright lies a mistake. I think they should be fired.
please put a stop to this domestic terrorism. Stop letting them get away with destroying our country.
did you apologize to the "Central Park 5"? (Jeopardy theme plays)
Spontaneous & Aloof President-Elect captured by @Putin of Russia much like Zuma Captured by IndianFugitives @realDonaldTrump @MYANC @Our_DA
NOBODY SHOULD APOLOGIZE MORE THAN YOU
So ur gonna quit getting clothes mfgd in China? Ivanka gonna have 2 pay a penalty 4 importing instead of selling American @JanieMcBride
the pot calling the kettle black. Reflect on your comments (i.e.: just look at that face) who needs to apologize now?
LOL
like u never do?
congratulation mr. president we r sure youll do a great job after all you sure as hell cant be any worse then obama/hillary
Fantastic Day, Trump Family looks Impressive, Congratulations from Canada
the normal American broke people were there with you in spirit President Trump.
the record no of protest permits:all folks with time & $  If they were like the rest of us they would have voted for you
media talking about lack of turnout. Those of us who voted for you don't have the money to come.
. Thank you so much.
#WhinyLittleBitch
like upi
Do you apologize?
And Obama should apologize for the anarchist in our streets !
and McCain should resign. Or be censured. #draintheswamp
Sr Presidente uno de los mas vulnerables efectos contra EEUU ha sido su Politica Internacional que siembra d enemigos a E.U
so should you, be presidential
don't u have a rule about never apologizing?
apologize for asking Black people, "what do you have to lose?"
Part of #MAGA will obviously need to be teaching respect and common etiquette again Civics returned to the schools may help
死ね
Have you ever apologized for your scams, rapes, bankrupcies, fake charities, assaults on women, lies or multitude of crime
We are sorry that you lost the popular vote, and are determined to create an oligarchy.
#2017 The Republic Ends Here
you should apologize for the remarks made about the Central Park jogger case, you never did.
Lead by example.

You should be the one writing a full book of apologies! Tax returns, Trump University, cheating on honest businesses, etc..
Like Comey should apologize for the bs "released" 11 days before the election?
Silly American.
Learn to spell ENGLISH properly.
Its "apologise"!
you don't!!!
he is not. He is the New President. I showed your President respect so learn for it and show my some. Not hate but love.
MEDIA BULLYING disgusting. Keep on tweeting!
.@realDonaldTrump @cleared37Joseph Yes, but (formerly great) media believe publishing #FakeNews was right thing to do, no mistake.
trumpaggedon
