If you were 100% the same besides one detail. That detail being a visitor/immigrant/refugee from a middle eastern country, would you pass?
Stop.
TL;DR... I'll wait until a judge inevitably finds this unconstitutional.
What if they promise to stand for our National Anthem?

Do you even know what you are talking about?
IDIOT
Getting in bed with Putin for two
Go to sleep old man.


There are millions of us citizens without power And you care more about people in their knees
President
this patriot isn't ashamed of America!  
Some of us are right now though.
Mostly those that are "with her" 
Could be, I’m just with us...
It seems like the NFL is your number one priority. Resign.
You're a Nazi
Good Lord Donny u all over the place today!
Yet another #EpicFail by the #DotardinChief
Mr. President, does this mean you are resigning?
if that is your number one priority, resign.  your devisive, racist talk is making us unsafe.
What about the millions of US citizens who need to be made safe in Puerto Rico and the USVI?
Build the wall
No amnesty
No DACA (criminals,fraud)
Hepatitis in San Deigo,working 
it's way north,
CA sinking,crush Moonbeam,
Pelosi,Harris
Thank you for the Sunday conversation with my children today about Love of country and love of God above all else #MAGA
https://twitter.com/hale4jesus/status/912080913218936832 …
If you wanna make America safe please retire.
Maybe you have a point. Someone let in your grandparents, likely without vetting, and look at the wrath that has brought our country.
Then you have no choice but to resign. You have made America less safe than a condom with a hole.
 is not safe from YOU

Keep up the great work Mr.President! #MAGA #AmericaFirst #Trump2020 #TrumpTrain

Thk - U Mr President for trying hard , to keep America safe.
UNLIKE, that WICKED HUSSEIN
o   BUM   a,  who let in MORE  MUSLIMS than ever !
Care to comment on Jared's email server?
Thank you President Trump! 
How about your (current) wife?
Thank you for protecting us!
You're doing a superb job!
100% of AMERICANS are behind you!
Not. I am American and you do not speak for me!
He is a hero u are boarding on becoming a tyrant
Really? Because it sure seems like preventing football players from taking a knee is much higher on your list.
How will America know when everyone is “equal”? What is the end game to this kneeling PR stunt? There is no winner and never will be. #NFL

His first priority is to the citizens of America. Promises made, promises kept. #AmericaFirst
This is great! Extreme Vetting is necessary! Make America Safe Again!
Wow you racists are sick
In Trump we TRUST.
WE BELIEVE IN TRUMP.
BE CAREFUL TRUMP. They might be listening..
TRUMP. IS. TWITTER.
KEEP TWEETING TRUMP.
WE LOVE IT.
MEDIA - Who cares?
You made the whole world unsafe!
When can he go play golf again so he can stop ripping apart our Constitution. These Muslim Bans are unjust, unfair, and un-American.
Dr. Gu, you are confusing him with Obama.  Obama never passed up a crisis to go off to play golf.  Especially during hurricanes!
Cato Institute: Of 3,252,493 refugees admitted from 1975 to end of 2015, 20 were terrorists, which amounted to 0.00062 percent of the total.
You and the Cato Institute don"t know the number of terrorists here in the U.S. There are hundreds and hundreds of them. Pray for America.
Do you consider dividing America, making us safer?
Making the country safer starts with bringing the country together and making us feel as one!
All feelings and no facts. As usual.
Yes Donald. You are the first OUT!
only way to make America safe us to ensure we have a competent POTUS...oh well.
You have nice breasts o-o nyan sings nyans ..Oh hey there Konai. -w- what da fluff my creator wants to!
You’re the greatest threat t
Donald dividing America  will not make American safe!
Please remember that the overwhelming number of terrorist events that have occurred here were initiated by people already here. FACTS!
Doesnt seem like it 
A minority of the American people admitted YOU into the White House.  We are all in danger.
Then why are you here? You're  the biggest safety risk.
If that's true, then stop dividing us and causing such hostility.
@then why isn't Saudia Arabia on the list ! Could it be they are your business partner?
Like the Vegas shooter...Impeach!!!
Making America white is your no. 1 priority.   We see you.
So.... When do you leave? Cuz you cause more danger in America than anyone
making the trump brand rich is your priority.Lying is just a habit of a lifetime
So sick of your crap. Your supporters lap up any lie that passes your lips. You have succeeded in doing 1 thing: dividing our country.
Pres. T: plz tell us specifically what u r doing to help Puerto Rico? They r Americans too, no water, no food, no electricity.

Vetting should of started with him and his administration including his family!!#TrumpRussiaCollusion
Yet you want to put millions of people at risk for health issues by removing healthcare
It was Useless No Good Get over it
You just can stop and be a Pres can god I pray you leave sooner than later. U r a narcissistic, egomaniac. You like dividing USA leave WH
I total agree, it is nothing more than direspect for our country and for those who have made the sacrifice for us to be Free.
Making America safe? How about Las Vegas shooting. About time to change your gunlaws....and let the NRA kiss your a......
Who cares.
and yet somehow you got in
Hell who let your family in mr Trump.
Make the dreamers leave also we the tax payers paid for their education now tine to go
Who will keep us safe from you
Thank you sir 
True
How about admitting people who will take the jobs that keep those country running, for way less money than any greedy American would accept
Which is why you keep taunting the (other) madman with nukes?
U are making enemies every day both inside USS and in the World. U don't act like a real President and u can't never be respected like that.

Twitter & tweet don't sound presidential. Mr. President, why not create a unique social network reserved only for presidential matters?
You don't care about Americans. You care about yourself and covering your Putin relationship. Laura Parker is a cancer patient you blocked
You are more of a danger to our country than immigrants
Is that why ur baiting of Kim Jong in us making us safe.  U r a clown
Democrats wage war against our laws. Don't give in. After all they try to appeal to the emotional  but it's really bout them gaining votes
America will be safe when they #impeach you #LockTrumpUp
If you truly cared about keeping our country safe then you would put in your resignation.
@POTUS @WhiteHouse We have domestic terrorists right here (read: neo Nazis in Charlottesville) who need to be thrown out!
Then why are you allowing people from Saudi Arabia...the only country terrorists have been from?
I think they are already here and or have enough information that veting is going to be tough.
Once you are out of the country..  America will be a safer place
All your people that voted for you  don't want you anymore except the kkk  white supremacist bad deal bad for you
Thank you President Trump! America rising! God bless our country and keep it safe!
@PressSec then resign
DeeplyHopeAlw TheSafety&Security For UnitedStates&PeopleOfUS-HEPdtDonaldJ.Trump-AllPeopleLiveInAmerica&AllPeopleInTheWorld
It might be time for the rest of the world to look at a #travelban on white Americans. Very dangerous people.
https://www.statista.com/statistics/476456/mass-shootings-in-the-us-by-shooter-s-race/ …
Funny how 7 of a 27-member panel that ensures our national security QUIT directly because they see YOU dividing, undermining our security!
We need to get Trump out of our country and take his uninformed and uneducated supporters with him
Support POTUS 100%.  MAGA
PR "is a fantastic place & deserves the best, which is what we will deliver," Trump/2008/WaPo. "Every detail will be important to me."  NOPE
You’re just so racist, banning people because they are muslims makes America look bad, you’re making the world unsafe
#MAGA
Well... YOU, DIVISIVE Don; BETTER GET THE "F" OUT!!!!! THEN WE CAN #MAGA
Vetting should be easy for a racist--don't let anyone in who is not white and Christian. @GOP @TheDemocrats @Im_TheAntiTrump #TheResistance
Where is the help for #Puerto Rico?
What about those that Obama has already allowed in this country that weren't vetted? They need to be vetted or deported.
We've been refugees & immigrants for decades. Stop ur bs
We've been vetting refugees & immigrants for decades. Stop ur bs.
@PressSec  YES 

With God watching over us...we will be great again. America will be great again like your campaign vision speech and profecy.
Be trustworthy, if you want people to trust you,
Creep
@POTUS. CAN YOU SEND HELP TO PUERTO RICO??? HINT: They are American citizens!!
Comparto las decisiónes de Mr. Donald J. http://Trump.Soy  pragmático,sus acciones soportadas en la ley, tienden  a rescatar valores
Then why don't you get the f out of USA
Hows about making us safe from home grown terrorists! Banning assault rifles is a start!
When are you going to check on our people in Puerto Rico ?
Is it really your number one to keep us safe, then keep your mind on that let people,right Now you think your doing a good job your not
Donald Trump a FUCKING idiot!!  Period!!  Nothing but chaos, division, and hate!!
Then why start war with North Korea
Isolated racist
Thank you.  I appreciate the link and the thoughts concerning American safety.
Please President Trump. Help stop the mass killings going on in Southern Cameroon by the lawless regime of president Paul Biya. Terrible 
@POTUS The logical thing is to #Resign USA vetted u.  U r grievous, present danger 2 US. @TheDemocrats #ImpeachTrump
How is makin us safe your #1 when you continue to use inflammatory rhetoric back n forth w n korea? You put us all at risk
For extreme vetting only 1 ques. Are you a Dotard? Do you know a Dotard? Oops you can't leave and reentry country... sorry

#notadotard
Obama and DEMS let in Sudan Murderer of Christian Church TN Today & Boston Bombers & Underpants Bomber & San Diego Terrorist & MORE!! Vet
Bill Clinton & Dem Administration let in EVERY 9-11-01 TERRORIST! And Let Them TRAIN!! Dems Have a RECENT HISTORY of LETTING IN TERRORISTS -
Yeah !! MAGA
Because we've had ZERO incidences of terror by a vetted refugee since 1985 - your #1 priority should be focused elsewhere- like equal rights
Are country wasn't doing good but it was doing ok Deen u came n fucked everything up n put worries in us because u don't know what tf u doin
Bull crap Trump! We are not safe! You are unleashing war on our country with the ignorant sh.t  you speak on! God help us all! Impeach!
Except those people from countries proven to have committed terrorist acts on American soil but where YOU have business interests
At last until a judge foils your third attempt to this one.
THANK YOU!!! 
Too bad we didn't safely vet you.
Thanks A Billion keep up the great work
...with foreign nations. The United States should set an example by "going high when others go low." You have singlehandedly taken us...
3/ Sandy Hook: USA. Sikh temple, WI: USA. Charleston church: USA. That's some. How many came from or would have been stopped by travel ban?
Your number 1 priority seems to be attacking football players. #RESIGN
You’re the threat
Puto
It's funny how everyone calls these people who love him bots
Haven't felt safe since you became president
Feeding your deranged ego is your number one priority
....and are not white.  A racist like you is so transparent. Anyone can see you are wearing no clothes
Jared and Ivanka’s emails. RUSSIA!
Then you should leave.
Mr president you so write why is SOMALIA on your list yet we suffer the same issues that disturb IRAQ
Dear Sir, You are mistaken, making America into "Trumpworld" seems to be what you really want. or doom to us.
So sick and tired of your crap. Resign already
If u deep inside ur mind really loves USS so much, u would'nt make so much noise. U are splitting a great country. U already have.
Time for you and your family to get out of Dodge then. NOTHING makes me feel more unsafe than you as #45.
Did you vet Stephen Paddock? How do you keep us safe from maniacal, suicidal white dudes with unlimited access to guns?
Answer: you don't because you don't want to. You'd have to upset the base that you count on to help you pick the pockets of society.
He's will soon find out, this country doesn’t belong to us, it belongs to God Almighty. Not Trump!!! Only God can say who can reside here.
God bless you mate you,re the best @BritishPatriots @BNPChairman @Marion_M_Le_Pen @StGeorgesDay @BritishArmy @GCHQ @FN_officiel @NickGriffin
Is Puerto Rico a priority at all?  No electricity means no dialysis or chilled insulin. No fuel for generators.  #PuertoRicansAreAmericans
Making the USofA (AMERICA IS A BICONTINENT IDIOT) safe would include removing your whole family unit. BYE BYE BAD GUY!
Girls learning is NOT OK! Denied U.S. visas, all-girl Afghan robotics team to watch their creation compete via Skype
Make Puerto Rico safe for Christ's sake! People are going to die!
Nobody safely vetted you, yet, HERE WE ARE!
YOU AREN'T MAKING ANYONE SAFE. YOU ARE TRYING TO ANTAGONIZE NK INTO DROPPING THE FIRST BOMB TO START WW3 SO YOU CAN PLAY IN THE NUKES.
THE WHOLE SWAMP IN DC MUST BE VETTED. ENEMIES OF AMERICANS LIKE MC CAIN , PELOSI, AND SCHUMER ROAM FREE SPREADING DESTRUCTION OF USA
BUILD THE WALL CUT TAXES MAGA DRAIN THE SWAMP REPEAL OBAMACARE DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD
You are making America unsafe
You're not safe for our country. Can we deport you?
