Jeh Johnson said yesterday they waited because a certain candidate was saying #Election2016 was rigged?
Say it with me: Mitch McConnell knew.
Yes, of course McConnell knew. His wife is Trump's right hand girl. #Trumprussia
Oh how clever to blame always other people:!BAD CHARACTER
Because the Dems thought the would still be in the White House and could blow it off.
Why are you obstructing justice by refusing to cooperate with the investigation?
You know you can't pose a simple question to fake news!
I read these tweets and all I see is CNN talking points. It's almost word for word. Little liberal robots.
Sad thing is Trump is willing to negotiate deals and the left as a opportunity to work with him and he would be open to it.
*election and *admin (should be lower-case @realDonaldTrump)
Someone's sounding a little guilty and worried
• Because THEY ARE COWARDS AND traitors.
BECAUSE YOU WERE SAYING THE RLECTION WAS "RIGGED".

And, did the Russians give your campaign stolen voter data for Kushner's SEO campaign?
You mean why didn't Obama do his job interesting point. You Sir are doing great! Have a nice day!
Good question! trust me if there was any collusion at that point to they'd have used anything to bring you down! They're still trying #MAGA
What a great question !
Good question. Let's have #Mueller investigate and find out.
Seriously? What did you eat in Iowa to give you so much diarrhea that you're spending your whole day on the toilet and tweeting nonsense?
IF?  Seriously? The Russians just ran one of the most successful Intel ops ever against US. Honestly, you're either complicit or incompetent
Honestly, I'm not sure which is more dangerous. However, the GOPs complicity for party over country is frankly traitorous
a grown up man doesn't continue to 'blame others'. hence you are NOT a grown up man. Let a grown up do this job. #RESIST
So are you admitting it took place?

Really?
My thoughts exactly... if Trump is a Manchurian Candidate then how on earth could the Obama Admin of allowed this?? Oh wait its #FNFAKENEWS
why did you risk our national security letting Flynn have PDB's even after you knew he was a traitor to the US
More importantly, what are -YOU- doing to prevent it in the future?!?!
your the f'...ing President now!  Before blaming previous administration,ADMIT this happened &shouldn't have!You act guilty
Aren't you supposed to be focusing on other matters?  All this obsessing makes you look guilty.
Why don’t you just switch off your television set and go out and do something less boring instead?
Go on. It's a nice day. Go and play on the grass.
Liberals and their grass...
Republicans and their ignorance.
Get help. I'm tired. Just get some help
Why do you like Russia more than America
Bingo
If corrupt Hillary would've won, the Russia issue wouldn't have been  of importance at all, everything would've been perfect…BUT SHE LOST!!!
By the way, it was @BarackObama's faith in and respect for institutions that enabled you to accede to the presidency. Obviously a mistake.
I read all your replys and the campaign & election took place under the watch of the Obama Administration as did the INVESTIGATION of HRC?
I was just asking myself that Mr. President. Why? Why delay telling the American people?
Your go-to is to blame Obama, but you're in charge now. So question is, what are YOU going to do to stop them?
Your track record has been to deny they even did it, calling Russia hacking a hoax, and the Russia investigation a witch hunt.
Your perpetual denial has been quite curious, fueling speculation that you've got something to hide.
An innocent person would support the investigation and would be vocal about thwarting further Russian hacking. All you do is whine & blame.
It's YOUR job to protect America. To protect our democracy. You know, president stuff. So stop pointing fingers and get to work.
You'd think a free and fair election would be something we'd all agree on. But POTUS has such a fragile ego, he chooses to deny and ignore.
But Trump also continually tries to obfuscate and deflect from Russia investigation, which begs the question: What is he trying to hide?
Trump is under investigation for obstructing justice and collusion with Russia.  He admits it.

#TrumpRussia #SpecialCounsel
Disgraceful Trump denies Russia interfered in the US election ("*if* Russia was working")

US Intelligence Agencies are Unanimous Russia did
Trump said he would get a "Full Report" to see if Russia did it "within 90 days"    90 days was up two months ago.
#TrumpRussia
U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee hearing yesterday 6/21 proves Trump never asked for a report on Russian interference.
U.S. Senate passed new Russia sanctions - to punish Putin for interfering in our election.

Trump is blocking it with complicit Paul Ryan.

Trump fired the FBI Director to stop the investigation into Russia's interference in our election, and his possible(?) collusion.
General Clapper:  " I have a hard time reconciling the threat the Russians pose with the inexplicably solicitous stance of Trump." (June 7)
Donald, is it true that your personal lawyers are all begging you to "please put down the phone?"
His way of getting us to talk about him instead of healthcare bill
The obsessive, paranoid delusions of a septuagenarian with a family history of mental illness. 
#TrumpDementia

WHAT? Were you even watching? How you got THAT from Comey's testimony is mystifying. #TrumpRussia #Treason #LockHimUp
Oh really?? You are implying I am having a temper tantrum? That's rich. I am simply stating facts. You don't care, so let's just stop. #bye
Again I don't care what you say. Comey told DT he wasn't under investigation AT THE TIME. That has changed. I will no longer engage with you
This tweet is about to get answered in the worst way for you.  Prepare to see the evidence in your charging document.  #perpwalk #toostupidtogetawaywithit
Can his tweets be turned into fuel for the gaslights on my block?
You are so guilty captain dotard
@Karen La Clair: as a man who professes to be a God fearing Christian and waved your bible, I am sure you are aware of the 8th commandment: "though shalt not bear false witness against the neighbors". Slander is one of the 7 deadly sins so curb your need to drag President Obama
#whenareyougoingtojail?
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't the...
Because they thought Russia was helping @HillaryClinton on FB.
Because they thought cankles was going to win and when they saw the TRUMP TRAIN winning they lied!
Erm, you and your gang were talking to them. Your contempt for your nation and countrymen knows no bounds.  And don’t even think about trying to visit the UK.
@SenMajLdr told Obama not to go public. Ask him.
"If"?
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
You can't stop something that never happened.
Dummy!
Exactly
Because McConnell stopped them when they tried?
So glad u retweeted this. I liked this when he first tweeted it out, but my like was gone. What is going on? A bunch of  were missing
Rethorical
S
T
O
P
I knew it ! I just knew it was Mr Obama's fault.

Joking !

As ever, you are so fos Donny. You deny it, then say "IF Russia was" involved.
Because the actor known as Obama is the head of the Communist Party in North America.

It didn't take much to convince the ignorant that President Obama was not born in US. Try doing a little research.
You do realise how batshit crazy that sounds don't you?
#clutching
Starting a tweet with ' by the way'.... fucksake.
He should really have started it with "byraway" and ended it with "wearrapeepul".
Going for 55......approval rating.
And just like The Rangers 2012, he's a plastic fake who'll get nowhere near it. #WhaursTheDeeds
And orange....
and blames everyone else
Come to the Rally Against Political Violence!
I'm inviting the Left, CNN, and the cast of Julius Caesar to join our stand against violence in politics!
Were you perturbed by the running of "Julius Caesar" during Obama's time, & likeness of main protagonist to President Obama??
You would have had a hissy if they did. Politicized that action for gain.
If you have been briefed on the content of the Mark Levin Show you should listen to Thursday 22nd with Daniel Horowitz on  Health Care Bill
#Obama threw the #Russian espionage families out of USA immediately, imposed sanctions, and took over their compounds. What have you done??
Knew u would fix it BIGLY
seems they tried.  GOP stonewalled!  Party before country it seems.
One word: Republicans
Take your meds
Cuz it was the LEFT's ONLY shred of a desperate chance to win an election that they knew if they lost would be the demise of their party!
cause it's all BS just can't figure out if ur with them or not the all Black at the Pope meeting was that a hint or BS too?
You'll go down as the biggest traitor to our Country for not standing up to what Russia has done! Disgraceful!
Well we can't trust President Obama because I have it on good authority that he wasn't even born in the USA...
You have known for months of Russia's involvement, but have been to 'weak' to act. Just tweeting & blaming all the Intell Agencies & Obama
Dear Mr. President I am so sorry you have to be exposed to such nonsense. I am behind you all the way. Best president I ever had.
Because Obummer was a do nothing President.
Do you every take any responsibility for anything? Your dick is so far up your butt that it's affecting your brain cells.
The bigger question was why did they donate to HCs campaign?
Stop it!  If there was a "the buck stops here" sign in the White House, it would be floating around trying to find a place to land.
Becuz that is when the investigation started dumb butt. Besides he put sanctions on them while investigators work. You were taking them off
Do you ever take responsibility? Oh my word! Grow up!
They needed a rube in the WH...
Deflect to previous admin.. That's your MO
Suspicious
You were behind the whole thing and you keep trying to throw blame on Obama Admin.  Pathetic.
Why are you obsessed with Obama? Don't dwell on the past... it takes away from the NOW. Oh and release your tax returns. :)
Because they thought HRC would win!! Remember them saying you and you "deplorables" shouldn't whim if you lost!! Just what they are doing!!
Huge national security failure on Obamas part to allow a traitor to become president. You can fix it. Resign.
We don't care about Russia. We never believed the #Democrats BS.They are just playing games to distract you from making America great again.
Can you be more White House and less Kremlin?
Obama didn't stop the Russians because they. Thought there was no way in hell You would win the election. They wore so wrong hahaha
Obama took away their embassies! You tried to give them back! Do you think we don't see this stuff?
U said ur self it was rigged but that was after they were on to u. Get out of the WH before they take u down & they will
You should find someone else to blame for your inadequacies. Obama with all of his faults will always be a better POTUS then you. #fakePOTUS
ask the same thing about all the Russian spies we have had in the CIA since the 50s there have been multiple Presidents in both parties
They were convinced Hillary would win
You mean, "Why didn't they stop you?"
The Obama administration did there part put technology in place,now the balls in your court.
Let's deflect AGAIN & play your favorite blame game. Obama DID act which is more than you can say. AT LEAST PRESIDENT OBAMA WASN'T SCARED!
Traitor
Because you and the Republicans would have invested a billon dollars "proving" it was "fake news" designed to elect Hilary.
Why aren't YOU doing anything about it???? You are so useless!
Why don't you EVER take responsibility for your own actions? Why do you hate Obama so much? You are a mean childish man.
Obama needed to blame someone else, he did that for 8 yrs
You asked Russia to hack your opponent and then lied about it when they well hacked your opponent. Why? Mr. "President" why? Huh?
What do you mean by "If?" 
You are still trying to spread doubt on the TRUTH that Russian efforts put U in Office.
#IllegitimatePresident
And you ended up winning where nobody thought that would happen should we not investigate that?
The more important question, why did you help them?
OMFG PUT YOUR DAMN FONE DOWN!!!

That is officially the past. What are you doing to stop them right now?! Plz do something or plz resign Sir.
Why haven't you stopped ISIS?
He can be both the bully on the playground and the brat who'll take his ball and go home if not his way. It's so strange really.
Because they weren't trying to get Obama elected you freak of nature
The "Russia hacked" narrative is pure propaganda meant to deflect away from DNC Seth Rich murdered for leaking emails to Wikileaks.
mhhh man trump
Because you were colluding with them..........
Well it's your job now. How about you do something about it? #maga #theresistance
And when it comes out u complied or paid for it, u will go down!!
I only wish you could see how ridiculous you look; I'm not just talking about the crazy come-over deal you have going on or the tiny hands..
Think before you tweet. The #President should need less correction than children
*Coughs* #bullshit  #PRnightmare #TrumpRussia #SiSePuede
I colluded with the Russians but it happened during Obama's watch so blame him
When are these verbal attacks on our president going to be considered treason
Because there is more evidence that the clintons we're colluding with the Russians then Trump collusion .#billgiverussianspeechmoneyback
You have known all along also. Why act stupid?
Waaah Obama! Waaah Obama! Waaah Obama! Waaah Obama! Waaah Obama! Waaah Obama! Waaah Obama! Waaah Obama! Waaah Obama! Waaah
I've asked the same question a million times.
Did u read ur last tweet? U sound like a child. "By the way"  you are all about blaming others. GROW UP!!!
Sorry, Donnie, OBAMA's reputation won't be disparaged by you no matter how much you try. He's beloved. You're a fraud. That's gotta hurt.
Love how you try to have your cake and eat it, too. Either there was Russian interference or not, you can't have both, dude
Why haven't you doing anything to stop them or even to admit Russians are the enemy & they stole UR job for U!
If you colluded with the Russians to rig US election are you asking why Obama didn't lock you up?
Why did you ENCOURAGE them treason weasel!?
You promised your country better healthcare and better coverage with lower rates. Rein your Republicans in!
Is there a dislike button?
It all took place DURING and FOR your campaign while you were praising Putin and Russia in swaggering hyperbole!
Because Donald J Trump colluded with Russians.  Remember saying publically "Find missing emails?"
On June 23, 2017 I feel less secure about personal safety & the future of the #USA than I did on September 12, 2001.

It's all your fault.
#Trump/#GOP=Most vicious gang of #Terrorists ever?
You said there was nothing to stop. You can't have it both ways.
He couldn't be bothered while he was on the golf course.....
@KellyannePolls was great at educating @NewDay @AlisynCamerota this AM. Kelly Anne "why does POTUS have to be on CNNs timeline" re: TAPES.
Well,because Obama and his could do no wrong in many lemmings eye's.
Unlike you they didn't want to interfere in the elections
The question is why have you not rebuked them, push for harsher sanctions and expel the ambassadors of Russia?
You mean sanctions you want to undo, the Russians who were forced to leave that you want to let back in and compounds you want to give back?
Media always try to make Russia their boogyman-antagonists - It's ridiculous/bad biz to allow media to run the dialog between Presidents.
Today's episode, "I didn't do anything. It's not my fault!"  Will be followed tomorrow by."Everybody tell me how great I am!!" Reruns daily.
You and the flyover country, racists are wrecking the American franchise! You worked with Putins short evil self to do it!
Why havent u done anything about it on Day one? Oh yeah u were going to fix healthcare, taxes and build a wall on day 1
You publicly asked Putin to hack. there is a video.
OMG. Shut up already!
THAT S. TRUE.  I. THINK. THE. DEMOS. JUST. WANT. TO. HAVE  EXCUSES. TO. BE.  MEAN. TO. YOU. BECAUSE. HILLARY. LOST DEMOS LIBS ARE CRYBABIES
Yaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!
They were colluding with Russia. Lol
It's just so damn easy for you to constantly place blame. Why didn't you do anything? Why haven't you done anything since taking office?
And why are you lifting sanctions then? If you KNOW, which we do, that a foreign government meddled in our democracy, you should not be
Rewarding them and promoting a relationship with them. You should be PISSED! As the POTUS it is YOUR job to protect against foreign and
Domestic threats to our nation. Here is your opportunity to end the investigations, win the American polls, and be the president. And you
Make the complete opposite turn. You will never be respected by the majority until you start taking us into consideration. No your bankers
And actually start fighting for all Americans. No one forgotten, remember? You're forgetting everyone.
