TWEET TO FOLLOWERS
Hheeeee come to Bosnia
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at ...
Hope u always healthy and God always be with u.
Please check the rediculous low settlements bring offered to us victims of Harvey by TWS
Oh
Yes, we know it is ALWAYS a "spending ($) weekend at the White House". 
Please clean it up.
Look in your own backyard.
You're a joke. You'll go down as the most embarrassing moment in our nation's history. You're a Kardashian. A LOSER. hated.
Ok
Mr. President...please take the proposed cuts to federal workers benefits off the table....our loyalty to this Nation is priceless...
JK lock him up, lock him up! Lol
President Trump I am  so proud of you and the First Lady it refreshing to see how a real  leader responds to emergencies.
I need a new hairline
Mowing lawns?
I can't thank you enough for everything you do sir! you truly a saving grace #MAGA
Spending hard working tax payers money for your own personal gain. Despicable you.
Spending hard working taxpayers dollars for your personal gain. Again! Shameful.
Hopefully u will read this Healthcare bill and honestly know what you may or may not sign should it make it to your desk.
Also: please bring back the immigrants. I'm feeling too much whiteness. And pass Bernie's "Medicare for All" bill. Seriously. Thanks so much
Just fyi, idk why anyone cares if Ivanka calls u Daddy. I am 43 and I call my dad Daddy. And senior males in the South have always done so.
Really, you are staying where you should be every weekend...?
'first lady' is an immigrant fool who needs to stay in her hole and not parade around her cat lady face lift in public. #embarrassment
Wow. That was a rude and ignorant thing to say. You should really apologize. You have no idea who might be reading these.
Keep helping those affected by the hurrricanes.  Let the fake news keep scrambling. Your doing great
I proud both of you
Grandstanding? Yeah
Aung San Suu Kyi should take the Nobel Prize
Please save....... rohinga in mayanmar
E-\.\-
Great thinking Mr President
Can you say #September11 #selfish
Come to FL
You are spending a weekend at the White House? This is news!
"Pickup asap,....
Failure to do so will be seen as betrayal.....
----a kid with a penny---
----Guns of The Patriots" 
-------
1 thing i lv abt Trump z e fact that he just does wat he feels at that particular moment. Reminds me o characters o south park " e cartoon"
I have lost all respect for congress!
Greatest president ever making America great again. 
Good job so far,  don't forget to put Hillary in prison.  The constant negative are bot
Dear Mr.President. About these tragedies.. Speak on behalf of Americans.. "God, you humble us, now turn to heal us." God will listen to you.
Dear Mr.President. About these tragedies... Can you say, "
Consider NOT spending $Bs just repairing 70 yo grid technology.  This is an opportunity to harden the gird (RE cyber threats and EMP threats
My friend do not take your eye off that idiot in North Korea  we need to hit him befor he hits us
Donald use the plants to them do hwroin use it farmland smoked it with a tycoonnnn hd love ur look
Poor orangy lol @realDonaldTrump
Sir: Perhaps working with Dems may allow you to fill the open positions of your administration. The republicans are disappointing me.
may Allah help you
How could you be elected as US president since u didn’t get the faith of US civilians?
so?
Yea ok I bet you won't touch a single hand in TX or LA your going to show your face to say you did something then get on your jet & go
#lawnmower
Soooo very grateful for your outstanding leadership & giving heart!  #likeaboss
Hmmm - and more fake news about progress
Why do you feel the need to tell us UR working over the weekend? It's because U really aren't .
You're Doing an Awesome Job Mr President 
Will be willing to accept contracts as previous contractors for FEMA supplying freshwater and vacuum environmental services. 2814448082
Christian ownership..prayer for Trump's inauguration knew victory of God would prevail..President Trump "We are environmental licensed"
Bad prime minister
We don't want you to come to Texas
Didn't fancy Miami beach ..shame
Nobody cares
You should admire him that he,is working for you people!
That's great news!....I knew you two would work it out. If you just talked.
Come to the Bronx.
First weekend at the WH?
Well its about time. But not sure it translated to action and value for bc anyone but u. Sad!!
You're a awesome President
Get a life
You fool we know you lie and lie and lie..
No way! You're actually going to be at the White House? How sad is it that the pres needs to make a deal about being where he's supposed to?
RESIGN already you are a Total Embarrassment!!!
Uyga borrrrr....
You don't work, you fool.
Why don't you go vacation in Mar Lago for the weekend?
Jackass
Blah blah blah. What work.
ROFL.... YOU work?  You're a CON MAN!  Oh smart move bringing trophy wife for protection. TX & Louisiana known for the most KKK & NeoNazis
First lady....you mean Ivanka us going?
Thanks
First lady of what??? #Notmypresident,#Donthecon,#Blotus,#DumptheRUMP,#Dumpthechump,#cheetoman,#agentorange
Is that a first? No golf this weekend? Maybe because no one can work overtime since it is all maxed out due to your constant vacationing.
Thank you for your tweets and keeping us informed
Finally he's going to be working on the weekend and not golfing
Working? Watching TV and tweeting is work?
Forgot her name already? Just call her #3 we all know whom you mean. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Please do NOT "work" weekends, you're already doing enough damage Mon-Thurs. Stick to Easter egg roll and pardoning turkeys.
doubtful. truly doubtful.
To do what? Play golf and scout locations for the next trump landfill?
Why? No one wants to see you. No one cares.
Keep doing your hard work. Us Americans r with u 100%
Your first full week in the White House?  So hard to keep track, what with all the golfing and vacations and outings and bullshit lies!
Oh you actually worked for once instead of going to one of your resorts
EXCELLENT job, President Trump. Your Phoenix rally was SUPERB.
You're a joke..lol
How about you go to Florida.... see the hurricane first hand
You are working and not golfing!
Good thing....@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
I think your doing a great job Mr.President! Keep at it, always praying for you , family and the country
So proud to call you my President. Always praying for you and your family.
And?
And you did nothing thanked no one and saw nothing.. you are sad and an embarrassment.
I love when I don't see a tweet from you
Go on
Hero
He's the man!!!
Working on your swing?
Fake news.  You working?  Hilarious.
Why must you tell us you are working the werkend?
Why not just stay home and let people do their jobs without your interference?
only because your first visit was an embarrassment! This one was NO different! Can you or your wife show any empathy?
Why not send supplies and food in Air Force One? They don't need you and the stripper there.
Working between your golf game?
How could you lie about Obama wiretapping Trump Tower? That's so low!! You really struggle with the truth, don't you?
Wow, you actually stayed "home"? What a change! I have no doubt your trips to TX & LA were just a photo-op for you.
Is the back to back Golf at your ownj resorts VACATION over finally?
You didnt do shit. Cant even hold a baby right. Why dont you serve people food, help rescue. God forbid you have to come in contact with mud
Ya Right
Thank you Mr. President
Actually working for American people??? Get out of here
And by working, you mean sitting on your ass, and tweeting.
Dear President Trump. Why have you not mentioned the aid that Mexico has provided to Texas for hurricane Harvey?
Well done Mr trump
Working?  LOL.  Do you even know what that is?
What?  Not going golfing at one of your resorts?  A day to remember in history!
First time in a while for sure.
Who seriously cares! You're hated as much as your father hated you!
Don't forget to tweet photos of your dessert! ...Waiting for your just desserts!
Stay home and get something done. We got this.
Taking your Lee whisperer along, how smelly of you!
Wait. What?  Someone please explain the days of the week to this guy.
I am no supporter.  However I do feel the press is being unfair to you.
For the first time in like forever our pres has failed us.
What are you going to do about Puerto Rico?
very sad that you skipped playing ''golf'' this weekend!
I hope you read my comments on another one of these posts they're long but I believe worth it for some insight on your part from me thanks
You should go to Germany and fucking stay there....
Please reconsider DACA
Keep up the great work President Trump. You are the solution to all America's problems. God bless.
Thank you sir for all your hard work to make America great again and in keeping the world a safer place!
Wow! That's amazing. Is this the first time you've spent the weekend in the WH?
Grandstanding on a crisis #45out
What is the hat of the day?
Not because of you satan.
Mr. President, since you are closing DACA, to send Hispanic children back to Mexico, why include children of white origin?
Montana is on FIRE... why aren't you going there?? MEDIA 4got them. Do their lives not matter?? 2 months burning up- please, HELP!
Why do feel like you have to broadcast the fact that you'll be working at the White House? Isn't that what you were hired to do?
Remember to take the check!
Don't come back to Texas.  We don't need you.
#DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania
Wow you actually work !!!
Donnie. Bring new hats. I know you don't dig science  or climate folks.. but Donnie think of the votes you could get by flipping on Paris.
ThTs a first
Don't forget your kkk cape when you visit- surely your dad left it in the closet for you
Like this, you will
Oh good job!  Want a cookie?
I think you should get your last ass down to Mar-A-Lago and tell Irma how beautiful she is. Have a good time!
Great great shmate. Use many words? Idiot
#DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania
Get out of office already
That makes a change !
We don't want you here.
Giving up your weekend of golf? That must really suck for you.
Ugh. pbs fake news is making it clear they want to favor and help illegals above citezen of USA . I'm so sick of these users
Louisiana can do without you and your silly fashion show. Best if you resign now.
You can fix flooding and make a wall by making a viaduct that moves water from coast to coast and makes hydroponic food
Will The Old Lady be wearing new stilettos for this photo opportunity?
Soooo ya wanna parade for doing your job?
Working the weekend at the whitehouse Did not know the WH had a golf course 

Or you could just call your wife #3 when you forget her name... here we just say "mate" when that happens "my mate and I visiting ...." 
...... I'm thinking Nobel peace prize for this effort ......  Please - it's not funny anymore you guys, make him stop  Australia 
I swear to God I am reading a bad soap opera.  Please stop..
So sorry u can't play golf
Why no golf? No more profit to be made milking the Secret Service?

Better sell more $40 hats!
