Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike....
Comedy always does well.
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
It's good to know that there is brotherly solidarity amongst paranoid sex pests.
American patriots stand with you Mr. President 
Government shall make no establishment of religion. This is part of the 1st Amendment you violated today with you executive order. Criminal
All while you & congress have the best doctors you make Americans look weaker because we were lied to by you and Putin.#USAUniversial
Hahaha Fox and Comrade friends
Are you getting a kickback?  It sure seems like it.  Who's bending over for you?
How are you going to make it for 8 more years?  Sad!
You mean 3.5yrs & today he violated the 1st Amendment & if a fed. Judge calls charges him, hed be the 1st president kicked out of office
See : Donald Trump LANDSLIDE  PROPHECY  Youtube, Kim Clement 2007 Prophecy Redding Calif. Youtube.  GOD  the A-L-M-I-G-H-T-Y Chose him♡
Ha ha ha you absolute loon..
So sad
Sad!!!..what's sad is the delusional nature of your tweet ...
The only news we watch, besides Hannity.. and follow Bill O'Reilly on FB
F & f and Tucker  only shows we watch
Yes keep reporting the truth FOX
Congratulations on your mass murders in repealing #ACA you pussy grabbing racist rapist  oh and SEPARATION BETWEEN CHURCH & STATE
So sad you are!
Oops-  spoke a little too soon, Mr. Prez.
of course their ratings go up when you force every government building to show only Faux News.
Probably due to you spending so much of your time watching them instead of leading the fucking country
I thought media was "fake news"???
Unbelievable is correct.
Congrats to @foxandfriends !
This was the day they lost to MSNBC
Taking credit?   You are so gross

msm @MSNBC @CNN will never get this tweet!
And it's unbelievable lack of reputability!
hello donald
As your ratings tank.....loving it!! POS as POTUS and you can't even reach your back to slap it...or anything else.
Just wait until you annouce your transition on Fox and Friends. The ratings will be even BETTER! #TrannyTrump
Seems to be the only thing youre concerned with pres
Bayrock LLC human trafficking Tarik Arif Alexander Mashkevich   racketeering conspiracy #zembla
Why is this important to the President?
Sad!
I should star your own media news !!!

Don't give little weasel Chris Wallace any more interviews,he far from being on your side!
Chris Wallace is a weasels weasel!
Absolutely deserved.  I'm a fan:)
No accounting for taste. #nakedemperor
um, you do know that you are out of the tv business now, correct? Please focus on your new job.
Fuck Fox.
Fake news.
Weird.
the best
I get my news from fox others make me sick
And look at the lobtards cry! love it !
Yes, it is unbelievable, yet you believe them.
Make Miss Cleo ratings hike.
fux will crash and burn unless the kids take over and stop the bleeding...
What the hell is with you and @foxandfriends ???  You are mental..
Shut up chicken

I'd like to see their paychecks too. Bet they are signed by none other than........
We can't stop watching the absolute train wreck/joke you are. Ratings spiked everywhere. You're the biggest disappointment in US History
- rating hikes in your dreams
dude, run the country, let Fox do Fox..
Your preoccupation with ratings is unseemly.  Your own abyssmal ratings ought to chasten you
Likely because they cleaned house. Did Hannity get thrown out with the trash yet?
what a joke! they suck just like u. Small minds think alike! Brown noisier r ur only friends! FAKE
Why are you concerned with television ratings right now?  YOU ARE THE LEADER OF THE FREE WORLD.
really? ever hear of Rachel Maddow and Joe Scarborough 
FOX NEWS IS FOR PIGS.

Once they appoint Sally Yates as special prosecutor you will be on all news outlets plus late night TV, your screwed,on your at to jail
Because it's the official state media now?
Similar to the spike of carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere? #cleanenergy
They're just as unreliable as you are.
A president saying this IS NOT NORMAL!
That only means people get dumber by the minute under your Fake leadership.
I watch their show. I call it "Fucks and Friends" cause I have all the best words. And a teeny dick.
"Unbelievable", as in Fake Ratings? Sad! Bigly!
you are a joke and your ratings are down only the fools that voted for you like you.
People love fake news!
FOX AND FRIENDS IS THE BEST!!!!
Oh the ratings are up that is important not the fact you do not understand the purpose behind separation of church and state and its reason
fake FoxNews?? Lol
#cockholster
#fakenews
You are under investigation and that is news worthy. FOX is FAKE NEWS and is like the National Enquirer, not to be taken seriously.
I wish your father had hugged you occasionally. Sad!
Speaking of fake news......
No as much as "fake news" since Fox news will always be ONLY republican news! While OTHERS actually try to be bipartisan! You should try it!
Fox seems to be the only major media outlet giving the Trump administration fair coverage.
colbert beats them
Again if u don't like what u hear, then it's fake. Ur the only FRAUD/FAKE. America will find out b4 the next election. Bye Bye Fake POTUS!
Why don't you grow Up & Stop lying
Fox news = FAKE NEWS
Dear @realDonaldTrump what I read was, congratulations to the only news group who wants to suck up to your #Ignorance & #Treason
That's because their the only ones you talk to. You know because they are kissing your ass. Fox News as always been the real fake news.
Shoutout!!!
So Faux is now officially state media I guess. And has replaced your PDB (which I frequently work on articles for, so fruitlessly).
NICE TRY BUT FAUX NEWS IS GOING DOWN THE TOILET JUST LIKE THE REPUBLICANS ARE. LOL!
Bound to hike when you ORDER all government agencies to watch ONLY Fox. Are we going to be required to have a picture of you in our home?
Why is the president concerned with TV ratings?  Is it because everything else is so complicated?  U should read instead of watch. Dummy
Pathetic that you promote a children's program.
Now that your buddy is gone!!!!
And your ratings?
THey're faker news than fake news
How about the ratings hike for MSNBC. No congratulations there?
THE CABLE NETWORK FOR SERIAL SEXUAL PREDATORS!
Isn't that sweet of a FAKE being nice to FAKE NEWS! Oops WRONG NEWS PROVIDER, THEY'RE JUST LIKE YOU, BIGOT, FAKE, DISRESPECTFUL TO WOMEN!
And Congratulations to you, @realDonaldTrump for your unbelievable low ratings! "I only like people that tell me I am awesome" #Sad
because you are literally forcing people to watch 
You are kidding right? Sexual predator scandals, firings, caught in fake news reports? Bwahhhh
Fox news is FAKE NEWS.
Congrats on your unbelievable low ratings.
Please release your tax returns. In a world of alternative facts and fake news, it may assist us in taking you seriously.
1944. POTUS gives weekly radio address to calm the nation. 2017. POTUS tweets about ratings for a morning variety show. Welcome to Hell.
CNN do pretty good around the world too. Remember rest of the world that's the other place outside US.
Glad I deleted fox from my channel lineup.
Un an cel mult pe jos  si clacheaza.
Diving after your buddies' sexual harassment scandals?
Why do you care about ratings?!? Lead the country!
funny, we were just congratulating @StephenAtHome for his big surge in viewers after he ROASTED you
Really? The least honest network in America. For God's sake Google some shit!
They are the original #fakenews
National day of civil rights revoked  ya mean
Some things are more important than ratings - but you wouldn't understand that. (BTW - your Inauguration numbers were smaller than Obama)
Who gives a damm about ratings. HumtyDumtrum concentrate on running the USA .Your best decree would be your resignation or impeachement. Txs
FAKE NEWS
You are wildly inappropriate. @StephenAtHome missed an opportunity when he forgot to include @foxandfriends in his monologue.
Congrats on your poll numbers sinking even lower!
Wait until you see the ratings Sally Yates testimony gets!
People have to see their daily dose of the orange gorilla.
I like ONE AMERICA NEWS better than Fox.  Fox has too many liberals.
@maddow has higher ratings. Sorry #KingCheeto
@realDonaldTrump do you get PAID to promote FAKE NEWS?
Fauxnfriends latest to be named in lawsuit. Systemic racism throughout fauxnews. Some friends you have. Groper,crook,scammer,DISAPPOINTMENT
SOS Venezuela plis
@foxnews has become Trump State TV just like RT in Russia. Nothing to be proud of!
Contrary Donald. There ratings are falling and falling hard.
The people who know what is going on want to hear what the others are being told.
Talk about fake news!
Mr.President you have shares in fox?? Be very
Careful  they are in big trouble. Looks like they were  holding women's by they pusy
Great job state media. Under his eye!
Well let's see they  are in big trouble?They are the real fake news
Why do you insist on trying to pull the wool over the eyes of your followers?  What will be your fate when they finally wake up?
I like fox
I cool with it as long as they keep Katie frates smile out my face & off my TV during their air time.. #justsaying..
I don't trust them
Oh that Fake news that you love, smh your so uneducated, it's amazing how inherited money makes people think they are do smart smh
FOX NEWS banned from many countries bcuz 80% of Fox reporting: outright LIES & 10% misleading and only 10% TRUE. 45 loves fox bcuz THEY LIE
Lying for Fox now too, Fox  ONLY news that IS FAKE NEWS? We know why you like Fox, THEY LIE ABOUT WHAT 45 IS REALLY DOING AGAINST USA
Why do you care about their ratings. The only reason they got a ratings hike, is because our POTUS watches it. Quit seeking validation!
LIE. FAKE.
now that is FAKE NEWS #foxisgoingdown #fakepresident
Wait....do we have a state run media? Already? My money was on this happening during year 2. Damnit, I lose the pool.
Fake News at its finest.
Fox is fake news. Anyone with any education knows it
Don't u have better things to do than watch tv? From what I see your presidency consists of playing golf(like yesterday) & tv viewing!
Promoting Fox News again?
