But, he's fired.

How many shit staff members did Trump lose this week?
Thanks Obama!
That is awesome. I see now why you support Trump. And you actually think that asshole is Christian?
Yes..blah blah. He got you the RNC voter rolls. You gave him a little pat on the back then ousted his ass. #TrumpRussia #ProjectAlamo
Reince at least, made it into the WH.  Something Hillary still dreams of.
@SHSanders45 Crock of BS.   Nice try.
THERE IS NNO REAl donald withouut bemi.f.its
"I alone can fix it."  Trump 0 Democracy 4
 
#thebiggestloser
Time for you to resign. Get someone to help you compose the letter since we know you can't. A REAL letter.  NOT a tweet!
And since he just lost his job- provided health insurance, bet he's suddenly grateful for the ACA. Funny how that works. #resist
I love you food AND your politics. Can't say that of too many!
Aww! I figure the only things that will get us through all of this are bacon, chocolate and wine 
Unfortunately, all we get from @realdonaldtrump is WHINE. No cheese, just whine.
PERFECTLY SAID.
Shouldn't you be packing for your golf weekend?
Your turnover rate is through the roof dude. Those are all clear red flags that you are a toxic person to work for
drain the swamp @realDonaldTrump  i have my popcorn ready
Now get rid of that Jersey Shore punk "Mooch"!  That low class creep just makes your administration look like trailer trash.
Did you tweet that he was fired?  Trump is such a coward...sad.
getting fired is proud of him....geez
Oh, didn't realized Priebus resigned. Smart man, not wanting to be on a sinking ship.
No healthcare, no tax reform, no infrastructure. You replaced your Chief of Staff and press secretary...putz

No wonder you went bankrupt so many times. You don't know how to run anything successfully. Not that I'll miss Priebus, but seriously U suck
Ha ha ha ha ha nobody is loyal to you Donny  .... YOU ARE NEXT RESIGN
Then why didn't you defend him from that vulgar onslaught from your new comm director?  You have zero loyalty. It's part of why I hate you.
Still don't give a shit
.
@edwil didn't you say the same think about the sucker who quit you last week?

Well I'm glad that someone is enjoying this shit show.
Probably best that Reince is out of the WH. NO more Establishment hires....
Wish we could say we were proud of you
LOL
Did you notify him via Twitter?
But fired is fired.

Hahahahahahhaha, what a cluster you are running!!!! Lol
In 5 Years There will Be a  Movie About All this. The Hero/Main Character in this Movie Will Be a Reporter. Mark This Post
You will go down in history as a Traitor, Liar and Worst Human Being ever to walk the planet
Worst. EVER!!!
Accomplished what?
The uncucking begins. No more snakes in the sewer. Best week ever.
Then why fire him. This presidency is a train wreck!!!
God help anyone you actually don't like!!!
Most Republicans wish they had a Chairperson like Wasserman Schultz who kept the Dems nightmare candidate from winning.
Seems like it was time-was just reading how he had stacked audience w/anti-Trumpers &I always wondered if he can be trusted
You've literally accomplished nothing.
He has its congress (both parties (who hasnt accomplished anything
POTUS Trump is an honorable man for erasing Obamas legacy THANK YOU ON BEHALF OF ALL AMERICANS!
Bad
So, why did you force him out?
You threw an loyal servant under the bus. You accomplished nothing together. You will go to #jail for #treason.
Tossing folks under a bus is a democrat thing.  The GOP at least says nice things while reorganizing the team
wake up @toolkeeper
I'm not the one sleeping, you are.
I would like to thank Sebastian Gorka for his service blah blah blah
Big D, I thought you were a sure fire winner, sadly your turning into a right tit!!!
你丫闭嘴
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I...

Kelly seems like a man with integrity. I bet he will be gone by the end of the year.
Accomplished alot together... Hahahahahaha
You're so full of s**t. 
Very gracious of you. NO sarcasm meant.
Your father was right - you ARE a big dummy!
move Sessions to HLS hire a new AG that won't recuse himself get Mulier under control fire Clinton Attorneys he hired
I know Reince will be happy if I say that I'm proud of him. The people that I fuck over forget about it if I give them empty compliments!
@HuffPost @Reince45 No fan of Reince, but he was the best thing your useless Administration had going for it!  Now it is pure garbage!
That man was a leaker & worked to sabotage you. I am soooo glad he is out FINALLY.
If you were capable of shame, you'd be feeling it now.
YES SIR !
Trump has no loyalty
Seriously...disgusting.
Seems like EVERYONE that boarded the Trump Train early AND defended your deplorable self is going bye bye..Loyalty is a one way street for U
Oh bullshit. You left him out on the tarmac
What a joke. "I'd like ta thank'ya, but Ah jus washed my 'hai-re"
#ShutUpNobodyLikesYou
You are such a hypocritical trool! Totally lacking in loyalty to anything other than your own greedy interests.
TOOOOO LAAAAAAAATE!!!!  SCARFACE  AS COMMS DIRECTOR BIGGER STAR THAN U
latest FREAK SHOW: REINCE PRIEBUS (July 28, 2017; 17:00 EDT) #REINCEPRIEBUS #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Such as ____, ____, but don't forget ____!  We have the best accomplishments!
This is how you treat your friends & people that support you by running yo mouth on twitter & high school pressers
You accomplished nothing except making America suck again.
... was he the leaker? I never heard him deny it. He was too calm and collective on his way out! Check for wires.
The most biglyest sincere statement ever made. Your honesty knows no bounfefe
I'm sure that means so much to him, coming from you. 
Who are you going to get to kill your flies now?
Y'all didn't do anything #failingpresident #byepriebus
Don't listen to all the haters-me president you do what you think is necessary!!! Your doing great!!
Two faced lying fraud that you are...
Yet you fire the man you are proud of and hire a chief of staff who creates chaos. I assume this is what your supporters expected. NOT!
The Mooch is in the loose!!!! 
Accompanied exactly what in his short term?
Are you f'ing serious after you fired him???.???.?
Janus. Thou sir a a Janus.
He's doing what he said he was going to do...
Why don't you Stop tweeting and go home and pout for a while :(
Please put the Senate and House members on Obamacare, then watch them make progress!
can't wait for the mooch to humiliate the both of you
You hypocrite
He's a better man than you are. Your turn to retire. Do the country a favor if not, it won't be long till #LOCKHIMUP time is here
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_xej2hvJdxw … Trump thought moochi was bad.
Such a phony liar
Yes , you got a lot of things done in your 7 months! What a joke.
Really @ErnestoRiley ? You like this ?
When they come up for reelection remember what they did. Part of The Drain The Swamp!!!
You need your head examined
I always liked him. Maybe a bit too nice. Would have been better if he could have transformed into the Pitbull from Hell every now and then,
A lot of executive orders but no significant legislation.....doesn't sound like much success.
If he is a leaker that is bad.
Priebus is home happily eating @DippinDots while the White House implodes.
So why is he leaving?
did your nose grow Pinocchio
Most powerless human on planet.
...the Dummenfuhrer said as he shoved Priebus into oncoming traffic.
Comie's dismissal for a "matter" won't land him a respectable position. If he works for liberal hacks they have no respectable positions.
I hope he turns on you with a vengeance!
He's a stooge 
Biggest accomplishment ???
Then why did you fire him?  You are the problem
Bull
Hopefully he spills the whole story
Well done! Building a winning team takes time.
Hopefully by this time next week you will be thanking #Jared and others.

#TrumpRussia #TrumpCrimeFamily #Impeach #FireproofMueller #Russia
He told his friends that deep down, he hates you to much for work as in the WH anymore.
by "a lot" you mean "nothing"?
Your kidding right. ..very presidential
Loyalty is one sided with you
Keep pushing out your loyal people and soon you will have only back stabbers like you. Then the leaks will really come.
good f u Priebus.. gone from the criminals in the white house
Trump doesn't mean of a word of this tweet, like any one else he fired
So proud that you fired him?  SAD
#IMPEACHPEEDIDLYDONALD LOCK UP RUSIAN MONEY LAUNDERING PEE DEVIATE
Mr. President the true patriots are behind you all the way . The other idiots will continue to be led by their socialist noses like sheep !
WHAT POTUS?!? You talked about your former COS  like a dog and bring in MOOCH to force his resignation & NOW you Praise him!? You're SICK!!
Hey  Don  look  out for a  horse  head  in your  bed! It's  coming  sooner than later!
You are delusional
He said, as he kicked the SOB to the curb.
Oompa Loompah, wait, he's orange.... and keeps losing staff.... #cyberbullyandthechocolatefactory
Then why did you fire him, if he was so good, then you replace him with one who knows nothing of the job
Do yourself a favor and shhhhhhh 
Dzièkujemy za wizyte w Polsce i te piekne slowa o polskim narodzie. Zyczymy duzo zdrowia i wytrwalosci w walce z komunâ !
“this shuffling of the staff furniture won’t matter unless Mr. Trump accepts that the White House problem isn’t Mr. Priebus. It’s him.” -WSJ
I think you elivated  @Reince45  and that he learned a great deal from his time with you.
Another Apresidentice contestant down... #yourefired
Please do not put Conway in mooch's place.
With all due respect to Mr. Priebus ... I say good riddance!!!
A lot? Compared to what?
Yeah,  he outlived his usefulness to you.  Now you invite a #Mooch into #Our_House. When are you moving out? Waiting for the orange suit?
You don't mean that
like U did join d @GOP!! One thing about it. I don't hv 2 worry about ANY #racecard playin/ Bakcs w/@GOP!!
Stop Lying liar and chief!
Please provide a list of accomplishments other than showing the world hateful, disloyal bullying by the elected leader of the U.S.
#FuckFaceVonClownstick
con tự hào về cách ông làm giàu con rất hâm mộ ông con đã đọc những cuốn sách của ông ,ông rất tuyệt vời
Yea you stabbed him in the back
What has been accomplished?
And it was high noon for him to leave! He is a weasel! 
Now, send the Elf to Homeland Security and find a clone of Giuliani for AG!!

Have you decided which federal prison you are going to request? #lockhimup #traitor #draftdodger #liar #sexualpreditor
YEA PROUD ENOUGH TO STAB HIM IN THE BACK,AND YOU DIDN'T HAVE THE BALLS TO DO IT YOURSELF!
this is laughable like so many of your lies...
I bet he's not as proof of u as u would like to think.  This is just another of your minions u threw under the bus.  They must be done w/you
#DTS!!!  #MAGA!!!!!
You know, with all the failures of your presidency there's only ONE common denominator. You do get that don't you?
2 Chief of Staffs in less than a year of being President: Part of the reason why @realDonaldTrump can't manage to pass his agenda.
Mr. Priebus was very gracious to you on his exit. Thank you Mr. Priebus


