look twat waffle. Disagreeing with you doesn't make it fake. Bowling green massacre, now that's fake! Stop lying.
majority disapproval of Trump http://www.gallup.com/poll/201617/gallup-daily-trump-job-approval.aspx … He's a shitty president.
he won't last that.
I'm concerned the Republic won't last that long.

delusional much? When did #PresidentBannon give you your phone back?
you seriously need some humility.
ty for identifying the news outlets i SHOULD be following & reading.
It's like you don't even realize 73% of all eligible voters didn't vote for you. Expect negative polls. Accept reality.
"Expect negative polls," @scottsantens. As if they've been accurate lately, to wit, @FiveThirtyEight's SB "analysis". @realDonaldTrump
try being thoughtful and #Presidential get rid of Steve
dude U put the dick in dictator. Fucking stop this shit already,Instead of tweeting like a 12 yr old read the contstitution
That's Mr. President to YOU. Btw, correct your grammar. Also, spell  Constitution like a real American.
Ha! Love your correct grammar: using all caps for "you," but not capitalizing the acronym for "by the way."
you are so wrong!
2 also, belong 2 Republican party (all domestic cells do) most brietbart members, facist & call u THEIR leader!  PLEASE BAN
how about some REAL news -  you releasing your tax returns
Yeah I mean Fox News, right? They've always had it in for you from the beginning! http://www.foxnews.com/politics/interactive/2017/01/19/fox-news-poll-1117/ …
Another fake POLL get out of New York or LA and come see real AMERICANS and you'll find love for Trump
Real American don't marry their own siblings Hillbillies and Trump people do
You people have sex changes to make yourself look like something that you're not attracted to yeah that makes a lot of sense
I do and mist people I know do. Not sure about protesters. I'm with you 100% #fakenews
The only fake news since November is that your Presidential win is legitimate.
really?
George Orwell would be so proud that you're using Big Brother's strategy (not the TV show -- ratings disaster. Failed!)
Did President Bannon tell you to tweet that?
No, you have a job. The media provides feedback on your performance. You're in denial of having shit the bed. Sad.
You libs simply can't see it. He is turning your 'fake news' jargon right back on you. #Dense Libs
you are ridiculous.

So news that you don't like is fake? Sorry, that's not the way it works. It does show that you need serious therapy.
Did you miss last election polling?
Hey Little Lying Donnie you're going to end up in prison. Your kids too, following in your "great" footsteps.
#TrumpsareChumps
We need to be reminded of how the U.S. wannabe dictator thinks, I.e. @realDonaldTrump
Wut?
Despite all the negativity on the news, the riots and attacks, keep going Mr . President. We want our country back!
Back from the Russians ?  Don't think he'd go for that.

#mosthatedpresidentever
Fool. You keep saying it, and we'll keep knowing you're a criminal loser.
@realDonaldTrump  Yes, yes, yes we want security against Wall Street criminals and extreme vetting of elected officials. You first.
@POTUS don't speak for everyone please
He can speak for me...
Yes, We the People LOVE you and SUPPORT you 100%. Please be yourself, trust your instincts, use your judgement and do your thing. We elected Donald J. Trump the man. #DrainTheDeepState and restore the rule of law.
You need therapy. Bigly.

#SoPuppet
Sorry afraid not, just because your puppeteer bannon wants it, doesn't mean we do. Now go back to your corner.
you sound like a Banana Republic tinpot dictator. So sad that our President can't handle the truth
"Who you gonna believe, me or your lying eyes"
Hell yeah! The only real poles are positive poles!
Sorry. They don't want you grand standing, completely counterproductive order. STUPID IDEA!
We the PEOPLE aren't nearly as stupid as you wish us to be, sir. I'm more and more insulted with every tweet of yours..
#DemocracyInDistress #StandUpToTrump #impeach #Bannon #Resist #TheResistance #WeThePeople #NotMyPresident @realDonaldTrump Donnie & Ryan?
WRONG! People really don't like you. 47% DISAPPROVE  That's real news.

Please take Pennsylvania out of that. Seriously, I beg you.
U just keep being U & supporting a party based on "real lies". We got this from here. Thanks 4 coming out
And you have fun further proving how idiotic Trump followers are. Oh wait, what I said is negative. Shit, it must be fake.
@ me w facts please or @ least reasons y I should switch parties. Not your childish insults. U still mad about losing?
Also the only thing childish about this conversation are your pictures and horrid spelling. Please stop.
send me your email so I don't have only 140 characters 2 use & I'll make sure I spell everything correct you moron
.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump is RIGHT AGAIN! @CNN @ABCNetwork @NBCNews polls are FAKE. True results: 90% APPROVAL of Immigrant Ban EO! #dtmag
Please Go away! Listening to you lie day after day is exhausting 
anything against you ego is fake? You just invalidated your own argument!!!
living in your own reality....you re the king in.your show business
is it ED or short dick?
people want you gone! You LOST the popular vote! BY 3 MILLION people. Proof the polls are ... http://tmi.me/1fhEoJ 
Travel ban You haven't seen nothing yet your bully boy tactics are wearing thin
Yeah. Make it up as you go along, Donald. Whatever you don't like, just dismiss it.
@gordy_shanks @sammypolsen12 no, we the people want to see your taxes AND we want you out of office.
.@realDonaldTrump Are you trying to do propaganda or just having a tantrum?
Actually, it's #PresidentBannon whispering in Trump's ear as he types.
Precious snowflake needs a safe space from facts. I wanna shake ur hand so I can say I grabbed a pussy.
please enlighten all of us to the facts regarding all those terrorist attacks the media neglected to report on
Anything that contradicts you is fake, got it. Makes sense, and in no way represents our descent into Orwellian dystopia.
Did you even understand what you posted?
look everyone ..... A real fake Twitter account. No one would suspect a name like "Esther"
Wouldn't we? TBH, I mad suspected.
and the Facebook profile is a meme-sharer, only a few days old.
Fake News Media Polling Data  
The Same people who brought you the Hillary Landslide.

There it is in writing!
Those polls were actually spot on. They measured popular vote. They couldnt measure how the demographics would affect the electoral college
@ResidentOfFL don't forget other fake news like @CBSNews @MSNBC FYI I want border security & extensive vetting #maga 
Why would US citizen NOT want Security Extreme Vetting? People need to think about why they LIVE in GATED Commu
Trumpified: Any poll that does not agree with the Rich Man's Agenda to subjugate the free world is fake news.
@DeniseMMurray The dots will get connected. That is why you are hiding your taxes. Your days are numbered.
@Dragonsnestling ...
@RichardTBurnett thank you my POTUS!  I am an American Born citizen who wants you to build the wall and establish borders!!
You know who talks like you? Babies throwing tantrums.
I rather have a baby throwing tantrums as a president than Trump. I mean at least people like babies.
@POTUS cmon mr president I voted for you don't get bogged in grade school name calling. Please focus on actual matters
