Do we really want to allow 11+ million EASILY HERDED low IQs to end Western Civilization w/LCD mob rule? #NoAmnesty
Fortunately Dems will own the end of DACA; won't be fighting for immigrants who aren't guaranteed to vote Democrat.
DACA recipients have citizenship in another country, our children do not! Let's stop destroying American youth, give them hope and a dream.
I don't understand, I went to a state public university and I saw nothing but white American youth as my classmates. In a way for you to understand, I was a single brown bean in a sea of white rice. So how exactly is American youth being destroyed?
All American youth suffered greatly under Obama, with drugs pouring in from the southern border, lack of full time jobs, etc.  Immigration is not about race, it's about law and order and enforcing our current laws of the land.
Delusional much? This is the most idiotic tweet I've ever seen from anyone other then #Trump
Care to elaborate?
Jen seems to think American youth suffered under @BarackObama
Ah ok makes sense. Sorry I can’t see those tweets @jbtole2 blocked me 
What about the 1s in the streets rioting, on our social services , insulting our? Not all R  BUT I STAND WITH UBut kids dream 2.
Let them take those Mexican flags they wave and go back to Mexico to "dream".
We Will need agents to move them@& their flags. They R so ARROGANT as to think this is the United States  OF Mexico 

They will find out different! We need to get this picture 2 our New POTUS! They R not dealing with some little WEAK apologetic fake POTUS now. WE HAVE A REAL POTUS, & we do not have 2 watch be stolen & destroyed.
NO DACA SEND THEM BACK
GOD ITS SO SIMPLE~THEY ARE COMMITTING A CRIME  BY BEING  HERE ILLEGALLY THEY ALSO  COMMIT CRIMES AGAINST AMERICANS ON THEIR OWN!! I MEAN SERIOUSLY ITS VERY EASY  AN IDIOT  COULD  UNDERSTAND THIS
IT IS TIME to go back to the basics.  No frills for anyone.  Get rid of those unfair programs saddling us with more burden. Get rid of the waste. The Bible says to not be a hypocrite, we must take care of our own families first, ..Not sacrifice their needs for lawbreakers!
People voted for you President Trump because they believe in you. Don't let Democrats sway you from your path.
You won the repub primaries for the wall and a hardline immigration stance that has been needed for decades. Turn face and I turn my back.
We don't know, do you?
Glad some one finally talked sense into you, what's @TomiLahren gonna say now??????
900 in the military. Only help them
Yes, you made promises. If you can't keep them because of rinos OK. But don't join the swamp.
Does anybody? Well, Donald Trump, to begin with.
You do know many in the military are traitors right? So sad deep state has got to you & you're now misleading your base.
Buttercup, seriously, you act like you just discovered fire and we're all supposed to be amazed at how clever you are. #WeKnewThisAllAlong
Yes. We are a country of laws, remember?
fast forward 2020 memoir : "What happened? ... I Fired Myself"
Yes, Now please and thank you. #BuildTheWall
To find the answer to ur question one only need look at your idiot AG's statement & your own on the subject. Please resign You suck at this
IF THEYRE ILLEGAL??  YES...THEY MUST GO!!
YOU DO!
Good for you!
Sadly your base wants to throw them out.

Thanks for causing your supporters to meltdown and cry. It's been fun reading the replies.
When one of your "wonderful ILLEGAL DACA'S" kill ANOTHER American Drunk Driving-or RAPE/ROBBERY/MURDER-Apologize!
We have good educated and accomplished young Americans... legal American people
Yes, get in line like the rest of the world WHO DIDN'T BREAK THE LAW
YOU DO!! If they're transgender they can't stay in the military, if they aren't DACA they can't stay here. U say all must GO!
Yes, they're here illegally. Wow! Every dreamer is a model citizen?
Build the wall!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump you just lost all credibility. C-ya in 2020
Is this the twilight zone? It's YOU that said YOU were throwing them out,like trans in the military.If you've changed your mind great! WTF?
Yup, and when not at a golf resort, he resides at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Douchebag, prepare to die in jail. You are a traitor and no amount of screeching reverse brakes will help you, or your three traitor kids.
When you say "douche bag" I just want to make sure that you are saying that with all due respect.
My apologies to douchebags.
If their illegal, yes
They should apply for citizenship and go through legal process just like the legal immigrants do.The law is the law
They aren't allowed to apply for citizenship so try again. Read up on the subject.
they most certainly can they go back 2 their home country & apply like every legal does

so this law they will follow seriously?
It wasn't their choice to come here illegally. They were brought here when they were kids. So yeah, they'll follow the laws like usual.
which means they go & come back legally
2017 Trump—Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated & accomplished young people?

2015 Trump—
#DACADeal
First Responder Alonso Guillen

#DACA recipeint + Dreamer

Gave his life rescuing Hurricane Harvey flood victims
#DefendDACA
Trump rescinds DACA

Then backtracks, now doubling down again

The Dreamers aren't pawns for Trump racism!
Trump claims Dreamers can stay

Homeland Security:  Dreamers must "Prepare for and arrange their departure from the U.S."
#DefendDACA
US Conference of Bishops

Trump rescinding DACA is:
"Reprehensible"
"A heartbreaking moment"
"The absence of mercy and good will"
If u have to make a choice, that's the only ones to keep although it's unfair to those who waited years and spent a fortune to come legally
No no no!!!
Yep. You. Racist.
We have made our stand.  We are claiming our AMERICAN DREAM and you have been elected to carry it out.  Make Mexico pay for the wall before or after it's built.  Help us help ourselves.  Level the game with fairness back to our people
You need to fix this. It’s on you.
Oh oh i have an idea make them  work as  soldiers! If they're so keen on staying here they can be soldiers!!!
No. Of course we don't want to throw out the baby with the bathwater....but what about the others who are not contributing? Are you capitulating now,???
Jules 51073985, it's an American thang.
You're kidding right? They use way more in welfare freebies than they pay in.
Whites top the charts for taking social benefits. Undocumented people cannot even APPLY for them. They don't qualify. #peskyfacts
You are insane on this one President Trump. They never should have been here. We should sue congress for failing to protect us.
ARE YOUING KIDDING ME!? YOU HALF BAKED PIECE OF SELFISH! We ALL told YOU THAT and now you're going to REPEAT why WE wanted to save DACA and now YOU'RE TRYING TO BLAME DEMOCRATS!? YOU'RE THE ASSHOLE WHO BELIEVES THAT THEY SHOULD GO!! YOU CAN PAY FOR THEING WALL! W/TAXCUT

Over 50 yrs giving, living check to pay check.  Do the right thing.  Be fair.  WE WANT OUR MONEY & JOBS BACK!!!  We, the middle class are  suffering.  Pres Trump, this has gone on too long.  Visit the trenches. Illegals have our American dreams. Why is CRIME PAYING?
I find myself at a lose for words because you're complete moron. You have no common sense & live in a gold bubble! You've ruined your kids!
AMERICANS first.  Americans have suffered for over 50 years, first because of government greed$$$.  Next because CHEAP labor $$$. Where is our AMERICAN DREAM?  When do we deserve our own $$$ money American dream
You promised your voters no DACA.
I voted for you and I'm disappointed.
If you ate today, thank an undocumented immigrant.
Do they lay eggs here in East Tennessee?
Do they make bacon that is local here? 
Do they milk the cows that are born and raised  in East Tennessee?
Do they work in my garden and can all my food?
Sorry your racist xenophobic president isn't living up to his promises. Of course we all could have guessed he wouldnt based on his history of swindling people. Don the Con they called him.
Excuse me,racist xenophobic president?
I'm so sick of those words. Those words are what 'ol Hillary ran on and she lost.

Wanting to protect the American people in this evil time is a good thing.

I'm not totally giving up on him.
I'm praying for him and you should too.
The military ones stay, the rest get deported BUT fast tracked back to us IF they were clean while here & after 5 yrs back home. Yes, No?
Sorry illegal is illegal, hiring illegals is against the law so how did they even get into the military, with more lies and deception?
Who cares they vol to protect our country and people like urself, maybe more American citizens should do the same vs protesting
Maybe they should do what the rest of use did and enter the country legally, no sympathy here. We either live by laws or we don't!
Agree 100% all 11mil should've send back. However if u were brought here as an infant not teen and serve this country, that is different
Americans who abide by the law
I agree.  Let's not throw them out or use them as bargaining chips politically
CROOKED HILLARY IN PRISON? NO! WALL? NO! OBAMACARE REPEAL? NO! SWAMP DRAINED? NO! DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS? NO! TAX CUT? NO! MAGA?? HELL NO!!!!!!
No, keep the ones that r helping our economy, in the military & r doing good. But not the ones that have committed crimes or harm us.
Or are on some form of welfare.
Maybe not but no amnesty.  No citizenship.  Any crimes = deportation.
yes.
yes only 9 percent pass ACT. Probably part of 35 percent who don't pay any tax only 0.1 percent in military. Yes deport Cost U.S. too much
STFU Captain Bone Spurs.  Tick Tock!
Looking back at these tweets from @POTUS are comical considering he won’t pass clean DACA bill now. Lousy leader. Embarrassment to our country and the world.
It looks like YOU do.
If they really wanted to be Americans why not have applied by now? They r adults not kids. They stay=whole fam stays=a lot on welfare.....
There is no process or application available. They have to go back to their country and apply from there. Educate yourself.
Well maybe that's a program that Congress should look at
What if they committed S.S Fraud ID fraud lied about getting an ID. An American would go to jail for that. Same laws for everyone must apply
Yes
And if you do you’re gonna miss your party tonight. Sad!
Yes Donald. Miller and Cotton do (they are the ones making your arms and legs move) ask if they’ll let you have a nap you seem tired.
We need to get on the Mexican govt to provide jobs for their own people so they don't have to sneak over here to work.

Regardless of motive or reasoning, No individual, including children, should "profit" from a crime, their parents committed.
#TrumpShutdown #trumpshutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown
YES
The they  need to go  back to Mexico to make their country, of which they are citizens, great. MEXICO is responsible for them, not us.
So breaking the law does not matter because they were raised here on the backs of American taxpayers. Well, let’s invited everybody.
#TrumpShutDown #OrangeJello
... and if they are serving in armed forces they are contributing and devoted. @realDonaldTrump said all, but that is just not realistic!
You do.
YES. There are good hard working honest people waiting to get in to AMERICA the legal way. Deport them & families & make them come legally.
@SenateMajLdr @TomCottonAR
When you hv money to import 1 million freeloaders  then we want our tax money back. We want to care for OUR families 1st w/o working 2 jobs.
You do.
You should redirect NFL subsided money to computer science
Ummm you wanted to when you tried to ban trans folk from serving...
Seriously,not according to stats,either this is you or some dummie who thinks we are stupid! Not!
Flip flop much?? You Promised!!
Just you,  dumy. How much crack do you do everyday?
Yes, you do
Yes!
Their breaking the law.
They Must GO!!!!!!!
YOU DO!  Otherwise, you would have approved of and signed the bipartisan bill yesterday.  Instead you reneged on your deal with Chuck Schumer.  Tell President Kelly to get out of your way and to run in 2020 if he wants to be in charge of the WH.
Mexico should do well when it gets all those good, educated & accomplished young people back. 

Besides, this #POTUS doesn't break promises
You should tell that to his first two wives.
yes, you do. You are trying to use it as leverage but no one believes you enough to think you wont do it anyway. Its quite a pickle. and i dont have any solution for this particular problem. You should just walk away from this one.
Yes we do, everyone of them. They do not appreciate being in our nation, they march in our streets using profanity and obscene gestures!
21% are high school drop outs. Please review the propaganda you are being fed Mr President.
you listened to and said you would take care of the issue on all the families whom have had murdered and raped family members.Almost 30% still do not speak english.They burn our flag and fly theirs,in our country..Must go..ILLEGAL
NO!
.@realDonaldTrump are they here illegally...then #Yes
I'm confused
#TrumpSwampedHisBase
#TrumpCompleteSurrender
It sad? @realDonaldTrump BUT if not? its a slap in the face those&myself who've used legel system payed $$$$.$$ of dollars&are STILL waiting
By "young," do you mean the age of the women you marry or younger?  I think Nazis had a similar policy; ask a good, educated, young person.
You and your narrative is half the problem we're fighting right now you can't be productive shut up
Actually, over 10k anti-Trump tweets since he was elected.  We are productive & working in the best interest of America. Thanks, Jr.
Well, You do apparently. Or did you forget it was your idea? #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpsGotDementia #TrumpsANazi #25thAmendmentNow
Apparently you do.  Otherwise you wouldn't be cracking down on people whose only crime is crossing the border illegally.
I thought MAGA meant US Citizens FIRST. If you give Amnesty, you lose my vote.
When bad grammar makes an false headline a factual one...
An accurate prognosis!
Too Broke &Too Many Dreamers Dying in Our Inner cities Waiting 4 Someone To give Them a Way Out? Why can't Our Children get College Paid 4?
I am for President Trump keep standing behind him people
Not if that's the case but it's not the entire story. Don't cave & get funding for the wall or shut down Gov it's run better with less Feds

.@NancyPelosi 
Watch this and ask why bother? 
Or watch Tucker just like I did, I HAD some sympathy for DACA, not any longer after hearing how they feel about us!
Yes.
YES
Your supporters do. And you told them you would show no mercy for illegal immigrants. You said, repeatedly, that you wanted the rapists and murderers behind a great wall that Mexico would pay for.
USA Citizens didn't cause this problem,illegals caused problem.If they'd leave when visa's r up/stop crossing illegally there'd b No Problem

You, actually. You do, @potus @realDonaldTrump. Because you are using them as human bargaining chips.
Did you run a check on how many use fake ID ?
BO came to USA as a dreamer. A dreamer to destroy within. We know it, Dems know it and it's a trap to protect BO at the end of the day.
YES THROW THEM OUT!! AMERICAN KIDS FIRST!! REMEMBER THE ANGEL MOMS!!!!!!
Please try to be the guy we can feel proud of. America off the rails with your antics
Yes please! If u are here #illegally then leave and return under  the legal process.
They have been educated from Americans tax payers $. Is that not enough?
Some of them had criminal records and still approved for DACA
TRUMP you broke my heart! Please tell me you don't mean it! Tell me this is a bluff! I can't accept what I am reading..I want you back.
Why the switch?
YOU wanted to.  Felt threatened by the bad press?  Remembered that YOU are an American by virtue of your own family's immigration?
Only the ones rioting w/Mexican flags, breaking up storefronts,etc, etc Dreamers w/their educations would be an asset to their own countries
if ur cought breaking the law coming here especially wt kids u should be charged and deported back to ur country and kids be taken away
YOU DO!!!!!!!!
Apparently you do, you and your Congress won’t sign a clean bipartisan bill. Stop playing games with peoples lives.
Yes, so they stop crossing the border dragging their kids hoping for another amnesty every 15 years
You are
Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Obama discreetly deported US Veterans during his 2 terms in office. He should be held liable for disowning Veterans code of service. Shame.
No, we do not.
https://www.congress.gov/bill/102nd-congress/house-joint-resolution/104/text … #noahhidelaw

...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
Donald in Sept 2017 when he claimed to support DACA, before Stephen Miller & John Kelly pushed him to shut down the govt instead.
Like our transgendered soldiers?
Are they taking jobs from US citizens and our children?
What about all the GOOD transgenders you're trying to kick out of the military? Fucking hypocrite
You terminated #DACA you can fix it. How about a clean bill instead of you holding DACA hostage?
You did.
You confuse me. Your immigration policy does just that.
Most DACA are not, and encouraging illegal immigration b/c u continue endless war is supporting human trafficking.
This tweet didn't age very well 

#TrumpShutdown
Parental recognition that their children could suffer serious consequences if the parents were to make poor choices serves to deter crime.
Ok to amnesty Military volunteers deport the rest. If you cave on #DACA you will be a one term #POTUS
Only the people WHO VOTED FOR YOU.
Lots
Exactly why DACA needs to be broken up since most do not have gainful employment, most are older than 18, and most have a criminal history.
How ABOUT all who want to immigrate join the military, and risk their lives as Americans have. Great for bonding w/ America.
You did.  You can't remember?  Sheesh!
Apparently You Do
So why in the hell do you keep changing your damn mind? This makes no sense you dope
Yes if they are not LEGAL citizens if they are so great for this country than legalize them simple #NoAmnesty #NoDACA #BuildTheWall
No; You're right about that. They meet the criteria for your immigrant test;  already speak English;  & we have paid for their education.
They got free education to take back to their own country. Their parents broke the law, and we are still paying the price. Please end DACA.
You do. If they're trans.
That's about redicous! After all we need eduated people to run industry! With out industry there's no military
Yes! Young Americans are dreamers too.
What child is excluded from repercussions from parents poor decisions?
You'll be a one-termer when you break your promise to end DACA when instead you grant them amnesty, along with millions more of the welfare leaching friends and relatives.......
Work withdems since the repubs unwilling to get done ... need individual compassionate response that also keeps your promise
You said you do!!!  What a two faced liar you are!  #Traitor!
What we want is the wall...NOW! Close the boarder...NOW...deport all criminals no mater what they did...NOW!
No.  Keep them here!
Yup
Do These DACA Recipients Seem "Good" To You?:
All or nothing means someone gets nothing! Ppl not willing to compromise have no business in leadership! Must be willing to consider ALL ppl
Okay but at least some and I don't know what percentage have a very unappreciative, disrespectful sense of self-entitlement-including. . .
No!
Don’t u have to be a US citizens to work for military?
The people we elected decided that Immigrants should be allowed to serve in our Military and I believe if they serve they can become citizens earlier!  Under Obamass it was a quick method to fill our Military with moslims!
Not for Illegal Immigrants as they should be deported.
If you're talking Americans No! If you're talking illegal's YES
Yes we have laws in force them
We also have schools. Use them FFS. Grammar matters.
GUUUUAAAA sounds like a progressive to me in this text! sounding like a democrat!
@Heretic_Soul @Mangel2020
SOME PEOPLE CAN’T AFFORD TO BE WELL EDUCATED I GUESS THEY DON’T COUNT TO YOU!  YOU ONLY CARE ABOUT YOUR FRIENDS WITH MONEY, NOT THE STRUGGLING TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE.
Nobody sane!  Codify the DACA into law!
So you represent them and not US.
Yes. How about some feelings for the American taxpayer. No to #DACA, obama and the establishment elites who want open borders. #RuleOfLaw
Mexicans pay taxes, too. Trump, however, does not.
