
You're a mobster making threats to @NFL team owners. Peaceful protest is the alternative to violence. MLB never recovered from their strike.
Don't talk about the flag when you subvert everything it stands for and you collude with our enemies in Russia.
Uh, collusion? You want to talk collusion, then talk Hillary, talk Obama, talk 1/2 of Congress (both parties).
More vague generalities, the kind Russians like to spread.  try naming some specifics or stay in your bubble.
Facts all right there available to anyone. Even those with narrow minds & limited skills.
Ah, name calling. The tirade smokescreen used by the intolerant to hide their ignorance.
Sorry you don't know how to Google. Lots of info avail from reliable sources for those who can handle the truth, can deal with actual facts.
I loved the president's hair on T.V. last night.
Not so much of the downward swoop, and it actually made him look younger. Keep that.
Mr. Trump if you want a biggest sex, fuck my dog his name m is Rex!!!!

Thank you Jerry Jones! God bless America!!
Jerry Jones and @realDonaldTrump are racist and frauds who only love and respect $$$.
Let's see. I've heard that once before from Jerry and look what happened
#StandForOurAnthem #KneelForOurCross #StandForFlagKneelForCross #NFLBoycott #MAGA #JerryJones #DallasCowboys
well we had a game at my school yesterday, they played the national anthem & there were ppl sitting down, & kids playing during it.
you can't make people stand for the national anthem if they don't want to
You're right. Especially, legally.
Here is how somebody everyone can look up to feels:
As a veteran I don't feel disrespected by those who kneel to protest injustice. I do feel disrespected by Trump pissing on the Constitution.
lol you might as well marry the guy... lol you racist old americans kill me.. get out of the past.
And gets invited to the White House. #hypocrite
What's wrong with wearing a flag? Oh wait it's because he made it a poncho and he's not Mexican. I forgot how libtards work. 
No, because cutting a whole in the flag and wearing it is disrespectful. There are rules that apply to the flag. Look them up genius.
Oh but burning them stomping on it a totally disrespecting it is done regularly by the left. That's fine though. As long as it's in protest.
Did I say it was ok to burn the flag or stomp on it? No, I didn't. Kid Rock was invited to the White House after he disrespects the flag.
But you're thowing a hissy fit because a person wore a flag shirt. Oh I mean poncho.  How do you know it wasn't bought it that way?
No, I'm pointing out the hypocrisy of one being called out for disrespect and the other getting a White House invite after disrespect.
greater unity will happen Mr president when the leadership in our country respects our law..put them behind bars..unity will follow
nice as it should be
Now as the players stand...when is the date...to talk about racial Injustice and equality...
Yay!!! Thanks for talking to Jerry Jones about this!!!
It's to late for NFL, millionaire victims, screw the NFL
Hypocrites!!!!
Great, love the Flag
I agree Colon Kap quit being a punk
winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser winner loser
ان اراك جبنت ليش كذا وين حقوق الإنسان اتجاوبني اوفرقع كرسي سلمان
He didn't at first like all the rest afraid he will lose money
Jerry is your puppet just like the other 31
Do you know the pledge of allegiance? Do you know all the words to the National Anthem? Big question have you read the Constitution? Y or No
It's our right to kneel or stand. As long as they are quiet and respect the moment they are fine.
Why arent you doing the job we pay you to do. Stop with the NFL
you’re a joke
How does it feel to know more that ppl that voted for you HATES YOU!
Now that being popular!
Lmao “will” y’all really trynna make people stand
Jerry jones lost to the packers sore loser
@RealDonad_Trump ... please just go away..
Jerry hasn't won shit in over 20 years, and they aren't winning it this year either. Nobody in your crew wins.

I hope they all kneel and your friend is stuck with no players
As a navy veteran, I took an oath to support & defend the US Constitution. That goes to PEACEFULLY protest!!!
If the NFL players were smart they will not play then see what powers Jerry Jones or you have... All of this shit would be reversed quick
http://www.rense.com/general37/fascism.htm …
if all his stars and starters kneel will he bench everyone and forfeit the game? You're not to logical,  are you?
Players may be forced by Massa Jones to stand for a fabric symbol, but they can't be made to ignore the ideals it's supposed to represent.
Seen enough..I’m too much like Judge Judy if it don’t make sense..it must be a Lie...Adhocs, fallacies, factless...Wake Up
This a hot mess...I’m am smh We gotta fight for the right...to Partay!!!!
Sound like u payed him
Lift every voice and sing followed by We Shall Overcome...y’all doing too much.....
ITS SHOCKING YOU GROWN ADULTS STILL BELIEVE YOUR VOTES COUNT HE WAS PUT IN OFFICE BY THE POWERS THAT BE AS A DISTRACTION #AGENDA21
Questions for the president WHAT'S WORSE NOT STANDING for the flag or Monsanto or deadly vaccination how about man made hurricanes
White nationalists lead another march in Charlottesville & Trump chooses to be offended by NFL players. This is why they continue to kneel.
Jerry Jone traitor to America and denier of 1st Amendment rights. Boycott the Cowboys
Ok Twitler, whatever you say....I am soooo jealous of the millions around the world who don't know who are
He's pathetic because he's going to allow your mouth to write a check his ass can't cash!  Those players are his bread & butter!  #lameAF
You’re a loser
Why are you so afraid of these protesters? You're actions are clearly a way to rally your ever shrinking base!
instead of holding bad cops accountable, playing judge and jury, people rather demonize those demanding bad cops be held accountable 
you mean they will stand against 45 really I'd like to see that
HAHAHAHAHAHA #fakenews
BOTH OF YOU!
So you telling that u stand for national anthem when u at home lying and. And most of u ain't even at a game. I love  but  that bum

It's been over 20 years since The Cowboys have won anything, in fact the last time they won you were still peeping under dresses of teengirl
Please shut up. @Twitter can’t y’all mute him indefinitely
Hey Jerry didn't have a problem with this one kneeling!
It’s a good thing you continue focusing on whether someone kneels during a song or not while Puerto Rico is still 90% without power.
Jerry jones is a puppet
the whole team kneeled a week ago tho. R you gonna rigged the Cowboys a super bowl? This has nothing with politics
Oh by the way #25thAmendmentNow
AND HE'S A SEX OFFENDER TOO! BIRDS OF A FEATHER!
Should also sue trump
So Jerry Jones is a Trump puppet. I have many friends who are Cowboy fans. So sad for them.
Sounds like Kap has a good discrimination suit against the nfl to me.
OH THE LOLZ.
#draftdodger
Jerry hasn't won dick in 21 years. And I'm a Cowboys fan. He's no winner without Jimmy J. helping him along. That's a fact.
Puerto Rico has no water & no electricity. Cali is on fire. N. Korea is swearing they'd like to kill us. & ur TROLLING 4 ur base.
Very predictable temper tantrums. Geez dude, if u didn't want to be investigated, you shouldn't have run for office. #impeachtrump
#impeachtrump #treason #emolumentsclause #nepotism #putin #money #RICOfor TRUMP #felixsater #Bayrock
Almost a year & you've done NOTHING except divide and tweet. #impeachtrump #treason #emolumentsclause #nepotism #putin #moneylaundering
Fuuuuuuuuuuck yoooooooooy
Tell Jerry to go play defense
Shut up
Thanks for the update, Kim Dumb Dim Wit.
That man hasn't been a winner since the Clinton Administration. Get better friends!
My Dad was a veteran. Players might as well be pissing on his grave. How it feels. Wud I do the same to their loved one? Find a better way


Do you know the Cowboys lost the game last nite to the Packers? Yeah, he knows how to get things done. #JonesIsADick
Jerry should get ready to suit up then. He's nothing w/out his players. #TakeAKnee
Jerry is just another old racist like you.  The players are right and you are wrong.
How about you and@vp pay all the money back you've wasting.
This is fast-developing sick dictatorship bullshit. Anyone going to put the breaks on?
You destroyed a football league! You are ruining our country. Jerry should know better but I guess he'll realize once it affects $$ #IMPEACH
Can I play for Jerry Jones while I'm awaiting charges for beating my girlfriend.
Let it go
You can fool some of the people all the time, or, all of the people some of the time. But, you can't fool all of the people all of the time.
No Jerry Jones is an sellout who allowed @realDonaldTrump, to influence him. The protest isn’t about the flag! It’s about police brutality.
Jerry is a winner might be the biggest lie you've told
Not for clowns like you
Essentialy @POTUS & @VP R sayin: "You're paid well, you shouldnt care abt field negroes. You're our house negro". Brother Malcolm warned us.

It’s been 5 days since 3 soldiers were killed in Niger, 3 days since a fourth was identified. No official statement from WH or President. 
Somebody kill him already
I,I,I,I,I,I,I,I,I,I,I,.......All about you as always
Why don't you 2 Dotards do us all a favor and give us a Thelma and Louise Ending!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
You didnt,didn't you defer military duty 5 times,because of a in-grown toe nail,44 was wayyyyyy better at President then you'll ever be!
Jerry Jones is a hypocrite. Probably a racist too.
 get IT!!!!!  #DOTARD #notMYPresident #cyberbully #internetgangsta #lameduck #loudchicken

You:
Yet, it's perfectly fine with you and your 'fans' when you disparage John McCain's POW status and Gold Star Families. #disgusting
Trump only increases the problem of Police Brutality.  Pardoned Arpaio in ultimate show of disrespect for Constitution & American values.
A flag which represents slavery, injustice, wars against nations, stolen land,racism, segregation, cops who kill innocent blacks.#TakeAKnee
Nobody will miss any of you. Bye. Meanwhile police murder another unarmed black man.
Did Jerry kneel b4 the Dear Leader?!@Deanofcomedy @MSignorile @maddow
Can't wait for Jones to tell the world he never spoke to you. That's more like the truth.
Figures

The Constitution of the United States, the actual law, trumps ANY company policy or you. No comment on your nazis marching again eh?
How about them Giants 0-5
Jerry Jones is going to take his team all the to the Political Correctness Bowl!

Too bad he can't win a fucking football game.
Veterans burn U.S. flags to protest law http://upi.com/4439147t  via @upi
What has he won? How many SB rings? He showed how classless he was when he fired Tom Landry.  He's a loser, just like you. Sad!
You are a complete hypocrite, Don. You don't get to talk flag and anthem if you're trying to undermine first amendment rights.
You have no right to interfere.
W/ all respect, Mr President; did he say why he knelt at mid field several weeks ago? I'm a staunch Cowboy fan, but I've not watched since.
Boycott buying anything associated with  Cowboys business model.
AMEN+ AMEN



a winner would realize that his players are protesting police brutality NOT the FLAG!!

And u both will continue to ignore why they kneel. U r both disgraces to America. POC r dying disproportionate to whites at hand of police.
Thought we were to boycott the NFL. #MoronInChief
Boycott cowboys
Approval rating 32% Sad!
But they had to kneel to Aaron Rodgers yesterday!
Why don't you get off Twitter and go help our ppl in #PuertoRico
While I flip You the Bird, aka the one finger salute. #1stAmendment #guncontrolnow #TakeAKnee
Your Hate ! Your Temper Tantrums are getting OLD! Watching you Fail ? PRICELESS!
@packers stand in unity -- and beat the Cowboys! Go Pack, go!
Respect American's rights to protest, this isn't Russia WE THE PEOPLE. ..
@VP protest @NFL was designed to distract from Russia investigation. He authorized restaurants not to serve #LGBT Americans. #ExitLeftMike





I will boycott Cowboys games & their sponsors.

Touché
This is what a white supremacist dictator would do. #pathetic
So where’s your buddy #Manafort? Squealing to the FBI and in deep custody? You will NOT distract us HeirTrump You’re going to prison! 
Well shame on @dallascowboys for giving in to your coercion & violating their players' rights of free speech and peaceful protest. #boycott
Against The 1st amendment to Constitution is not American, but he did put a big sweet kiss on @POTUS 's ass. Like the richest of men should.
Missing the point. America, we aren't protesting the flag. We are protesting the injustices that we the colored people's continued suffering
@realjerryjones is a punk
they'll stand because there's a demagogue in the WH who is so scared of his shadow, he pushes patriots not to protest.
Jerry Jones hasn’t won a championship in 22 years.  He’s no winner and neither are you, Chump!  Wake up!
Dam you and Jerry, they are not disrespecting the flag
@realjerryjones "Get things done"? NO SIGN of  federal move to get cops better trained, stop killing no-threat people!
You need to focus on issues that matter, not right-wing, super patriot bullshit that pumps up the gun nuts and hillbillies.

3 words: Green. Bay. Packers.
Again, the "world" already knows you & Pence are racists "for free". Repay the money you wasted via your racist show yeaterday...every cent.
and supremacists.
I see lying Huchkabee gave you airtime in exchange for the job you gave his lying daughter.  Good old boys club, backed by Putin, neo-nazis
So concern about this, but bans trans frm serving their country, & they chose 2 serve & you, bc of Perkins, ban Trans Americans from serving
They lost to the Packers...
your family members who fought for this country.  You are busy ripping America off, while you push propaganda about the flag.
about the anthem and the flag that you thought it fine to burn when black athletes take a knee?  Aside from dodging the draft, name one of
Whjile others sacrificed and fought for our country, you told HS your personal Vietnam was avoiding STD in America?  Now, you suddenly care
