3 Years, 6 Months, 12 Days, 19 Hours, 3 Minutes, and 6 Seconds
@DaysLeft4Trump more reasons to reelect President Trump! Keep up the great work! #MAGA
"illegal"
It's what we want from our leaders, unfortunately you are the only leader with integrity and backbone. Your tweets brought down @CNN @MSNBC
Psalm 3:8
Salvation belongs to the #Lord. Your #blessing is upon Your #people. #Selah
I truly enjoy your tweets! Keep up the good word!
Go trump This Clowns have nothing on you. I think you broke there brains from your victory .
"Trump successfully reads from Teleprompter" should be the headline...Still a buffoon, always will be.
Remember last time you gave a “defining” speech & everything went immediately downhill afterward?
You didn’t allow cameras in the room for your meeting with Putin, but the sketch artist drew this still
Thank you Vlad for being so accommodating to our president who forgot to book his hotel room!

You Are Welcome POTUS!
Ok... I think I'm getting this!
Good articles = Real news
Bad articles = Fake news
Make America great again 

Restoring American Greatness Is Not An Easy Job. Thankful We Have A Hard-Working, Common Sense Businessman To Get The Job Done Right!! 
Hell of an idea!

Dear Heavenly Father & Impeachment Jesus : AMEN!!! Check this Prayer Out. ‍ 
That’s great!
President Trump you make me proud to be an American again!  Finally we have a president in office who gets the job done!
President Trump you ROCK!  Thank you so much for my tax breaks and my increase in my paycheck.  I have supported you from day one and am very impressed with how you are making America great again!  Keep up the fantastic job!! Your number one fan!!!! Carhy Carrico

God has this....Thank You President Trump !!!!!
Thank you! “Trump’s Defining Speech” WSJ Editorial: http://45.wh.gov/gSYLnz  ...
Yea, ok  #Trump, who's your Vladdy?
Thank God we have a strong, Patriotic President that believes in our country, USA first! Not a spineless, sellout globalist only for himself
The best ever 
I strongly support the current political changes introduced by PiS led by Jarosław Kaczyński!
I support political changes introduced by PiS, J.Kaczyński! We want to accomplish '80 changes - complete overthrow of communism! Polacy RT!
Yup this was Great.
Most dangerous aspect of Trump (North Korea aside) is his attempt to destroy our respected institutions (ex: free press) to defend himself.
This makes Trump both treasonous and unethical to his core. What are you thinking Republicans? This is what you're defending? SO alarming.
Finally! You can actually legitimately boast of being number 1! Top of the list as lowest popularity of any pres. In 1st 6 months! Fitting!
Trolls everywhere !! 
i so love my President and vice President they are doing so much good for our Country and it's people THANK'S TO BOTH OF YOU JERRY
Excellent
Bad meme
Bring your Poland speech to prime time American people much like Ronald Reagan explained directly to everyone why it is needed for freedom.
I love you Donald
Jdjdkelwjeejekrkrk
You are so presidential
| ohhh. Now they are not fake media when they write something good about you? Sounds like a wannabe small dictator to me.

I'm sick of these haters leave trump alone let him do his job

wish you could be King of the Poles or Holy Western Emperor & lead an army of red-cross White Knights to victory against the infidel hordes
(maybe even change the name of Istanbul back to Constantinople, lol, with the help of the Russians)
I'm new to using Twitter but all I see is negative B'S.
THANK THE SPEECH WRITER WHO IS TRYING TO GET YOU OUT OF TROUBLE.  You could be kinda human if you only had a heart...Get real.
Poor snowflake... get over yourself and cut your losses
Hi sir how are you

@realDonaldTrump What a joke this bloke is:
https://uk.yahoo.com/news/donald-trump-sued-blocking-people-twitter-092100082.html …
Who wrote it?
LOCK TRUMP UP
Horrible
Lmao!  Who wrote that dill weed?
Hi Punkin, its me
your speech was fact-free, substance-free word fog
WORD FOG
did kellyanne write it for you??
President Trump I voted for you and I don't care about the Russia witch hunt.
His son just admitted that it was real, and he provided evidence.

Fake news. Fake Preznit.
Dziękujemy!!
Your defining speech was to Billy Bush bragging about grabbing pussy.  SAD.
MAKE AMERICA  AND ALL THE WORLD  GREAT AGAIN!
Took you this long
There is nothing of inspiration, insight or empowerment. You reek of an inferiority your smoke & mirrors just cannot hide.
Spell check: trump's DEFICIENT speech.
I wish the president would ban ALL immigration for a period to stop in danger coming in because now, they're getting visas!
Someone finally wrote you a good speech!! Hahaha... maybe you stuck to the script this time? 
Yay
Even monkeys can learn to read!
How come this isn't fake news, you are always calling them fake!
#TraitorTrump #TraitorInChief
 I can't even.
It is like watching the robot #FakePresident.
This speech needs framing. It should be hung in the WH walls and available to all of us to buy one. Totally beautiful and Perfect !
here are your defining moments #presidentdumbass https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhNS-U7h3Do&t=259s …  #impeachtrumpnow
Defined as an IDIOT
POTUS Trump, You are getting America back on track!
You realize that's not really a compliment, right? #Mouthpiece
BS
It was great to hear, we have a great President @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall #FakeNews
Who wrote your speech?  You are not capable of writing such a speech.listen to your past campaigns! No match for Pres Obama or Clinton!
"He's proved to be the ignorant, bigoted stooge we always knew he was."
I thought we hated the media, Donald???
Pat urself on the back for reading some 1 else's words #Loser #Hypocrite. Ur such an embarrassment 2 this country.U r what we strive not 2 b
Wait. You said WSJ was #FakeNews so I cannot believe this...
This was a wonderful speech and a very proud moment for our country's history
Loved the speech.
You mean Miller's speech right?
"Millennium hand in shrimp." - Trump's defining speech.
Bs
How many times did you say fake news during the speech?
Speech was very poor, seen much better!
Seen much better? What do you know???!!haha
Know a lot of things, Gloria
Best president ever!  Love Donald  Trump!
The longer you're in office, the more we see your dementia & your crimes. Resign Putin's puppet. #25thAmendmentNow
@realDonaldTrump is #DEAD wrong when he says @BarackObama  did nothing abt #hacking He sanctioned them same day of "Trump Grab" #TrumpPutin
OBAMA was a total embarrassment He let other countries treat him&our military likeI was a 45yr Dem voter OBAMA 2Xs. Never again
Define "Covfefe" please.

That was funny as..... I don't know it was just funny 
Where is the proof you warned and spoke to Putin about hacking election. There is none. You word is no good. @realDonaldTrump
Nothing about you is defining.
Editorial. That means it's someone's opinion. Absolutely worthless. #25thAmmendmentNow
Donald Trump is a buffoonish coward who belongs in prison
#PutinsPuppet
#G20Summit 
#25thAmendmentNow 
@VP @Reince45 @jeffsessions @GOP
Defining speech.

It was never revealed what it defined. 

#TrumpPutin #resist
Media companies who ban freedom of speech should lose there tax exempt status and government grants.
This was a speech to the world that the United States is back!!! after eight years of Obama we looked weak and were taken advatage of.
You are an internet Troll with no respect for women, your fellow Americans, the constitution, allies or security services. That defines you
How was your date with Putin?  Fingers crossed you didn't get us killed. 
Another handshake fail.  Do you ever grow tired of being the punchline? 
This is the same newspaper exposing your Russian ties btw
No evidence, btw
WSJ is owned by Rupert Murdoch, who owns Fox News. No shocker someone at this conservative of an outlet praised the speech.
“Trump’s Defining Love Pat” 

Would be a more accurate description of the President's G-20 trip.
This Angela Merkel expression is how most of us reacted to Trump's performance overseas.
Jealous much, Adam Worst? 
Yes, Adam wishes he had a bad tan and a terrible hair piece and the lowest approval ratings since #Nixon ... who doesn't?
Please explain why you're taking Putin's word over the entire intelligence community's...
Defining his speech writers? 
Great speech, you stole our polish hearts sir. Wish you could push visas so i might visit my parents, atm in USA, w/o visiting embassy
Best speech ever!
That was an editorial...opinion. And it wasn't complimentary.
You were a complete embarrassment. Climate change is real, you should have joined the world in fighting for our planet. #TrumpLoser
As our forefathers did keep praying to God and He will direct you! Remain humble in   before Him, ask God to forgive our people's sins!

You suck!! You are making are country a laughing stock. Thank you putin lover.
I'm not going to stop until I get your help
Great speech. President Trump, you were on fire. Brilliant!
The mother my kid is doing drugs around my children and mistreating my children.
Yawn

https://twitter.com/ProjectFactsL/status/883009648542044160 … what Hussein Obama's colluded media won't show. The most important point of G20 @V_of_Europe @Nigel_Farage https://twitter.com/GOP/status/883687710980022272 …
Sad your speech writer isn't given credit & people think these r your actual articulate thoughts. Then we hear you tweet & remember: Fool.
To be miserable. Happy trails to you.
And your tweets define your ignorance. Only 7 1/2 more years and you'll have a new president by the name of Mike Pence. You have a long time
Surprising that the Poles were so open to your fascist nazi speech! Seems like they'd have learned better! Cya in prison! #25thAmendmentNow
THANK  you Mr.President and continue to remain strong in the face of "Whatever"
Thank you and Dr.
Mr. PRESIDENT  you have the fake media and every tweetimg
Excellent!  We support you Mr. President.  Ignore the pathetic media.
Pathetic and embarassing
re:POTUS defining speech;
Best speech ever. The Poles appreciated the meaning & substance. Ignorant MSM & Dem followers didn't.
Love your speech and sticking up for our nation and western civilizations.
THE. MOST. INCREDIBLE. SPEECH. IN. MY. LIFE!
Thank you speechwriter who made me look smart
Hey @JoeNBC @morningmika @brianstelter @jaketapper @CNN take time to read WSJ editorial on @POTUS speech. That's what real news looks like
Luv this.
FAKE News - you are a LOSER (that's the truth)!
Your defining speech is everyday, on twitter. You put the twit in @Twitter
I keep reading on guy trolling president Trump.  His pic and name look fake. Probably one of the illegals he's forcing out
I WAS ALIVE TO HEAR IT. YOUTH IS NOT PAYING ATTENTION YET... THEY WILL... THIS IS A MAJOR TURNING POINT IN HUMAN HISTORY.
are these the people they bussed in?
Defining meaning someone wrote it & he stuck to reading off the TelePrompTer & took his pill for ADD

Good having someone wrote it for you and all u had to do was read it
For it is best that Americans people must respect their president

You need validation, like a child.
Love the tache! Nothing more PATHETIC than a Lib/man boy! Whiny, he is still complaining and crying! You need to kick your own ass sport!
