



Wonderful, just remember he will want to place his own nation first even as you place this nation first. Everyone wins with fair play.
From the party that stuck us with a peanut farmer, a rapist, and a "community organizer." They know how to pick 'em.
Pardon Sheriff Joe Arpiao, it's the right thing to do.
Level it to what Donny Boy,  so that American workers can get 2 dollars a day also.
He does not trust trump why should korea  stick to their word when we may not
I'd like to be assured you're going to actually lead this country. All I see are clowns and joker. Corruption and profiteering.
Omg IM PRESIDENT MOON thank you so much for your support.
That unelected shit..
https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/883901889049317376 …
I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers, b… htt...
THIS. IS. GREAT.  FOR. AMERICAN  JOBS. THANKS. MR. PRESIDENT
Do you love BTS?
#OurPresident

He thinks you're a mad man. (Just so you know)
Spoke to him personally did you little leprechaun?
Don't care about anything you have to say. You are the absolutely worst POTUS ever!!! #LiarInChief

Keep Tweeting Mr. President
You're doing an awesome job
Making America Work Again 
As many as 5.7 million noncitizens may have voted in the 2008 election, which put Barack Obama in the White House.
you are being played
North Korea perhaps makes the missile tests, but not in a thousand years compares to the US and its testing of nuclear bombs
EXCELLENT 
FANTASTIC JOB MR. PRESIDENT...
@realDonaldTrump I need you to #votejt and RT this
우리는 한미동맹을 원하며 우리나라를 북한의 핵위협에도 미국이 지켜주고 있음에 늘 감사합니다 항상 우리나라와 함께 해 주실것을 간곡히 부탁드립니다
Don't forget he has his countries own best interest involved.
Delusional?
Thank you for all your hard work!!
Let's hope his assurances are better than the Chinese president.
When are you going to let America make your clothes?When is Ivanka going to give America her business?Hypocrites
The Trump family goes by their rules
defend the DPRK in its battle against American imperialism
South Korea are probably the most born again Christian country on the planet. God bless them !!
What hair products do you use to keep  the top of you head blond?
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJo6hxDm5SGls0WJKxbj_Yj2x5bTqIjIsgDhM0/ …
Pl
I'm sure President Moon had to wash his hands repeatedly after his handshake with you. He probably feels slimed.
you level the playing field, that's what u promised.
Between A and K is Sade system,I know!
Use world alliance to disarm nuclear North Korea.
Are you sure this is practicable though when Chinese workers can work for $1 a day? Off shoring is the MO of capitalism.
#Covfefe
Why would Obama go to SK to visit ldr. U or state department should approve these trips. Suspend his passport. He's bad for our country.
Playing field is tilted in favor of the 1% and you're trying to make it worse ,cutting taxes on rich and corporations. Trickle down fails!
Alt Fed u don't have a +usssy. You have a Clam! That SMELLs like TUNA! Please get out of the USA............
President TRUMP. Is the man ! People that are real please give. R President a chance ! We had 8 years of a Beep. Beep. And Beep ! We know!
Good job President Trump
What right/authority does Obama have to meet with this man?? Mr. @POTUS, BO needs to be stopped! Please DRAIN the SWAMP!
Why then is Obama talking to S. Korea and putting his nose where it doesn't belong?
#25thAmendmentNOW
If you want to level the playing field you seek give us universal health care.
good news now how to prevent cars made with faulty parts. car makers should know bettrer

Time for senators and congressmen republicans to stand up and support you.
Hyundai should expand their presence and Samsung should start making TV's in the US.
Mr. President, read the book of Proverbs in the Bible. Notice how often it talks about choosing one's words carefully. Pray B4 each tweet!
We stand with you & your efforts to fix America. CNN watchers do not reflect America's faith in you. They are faux news, Left News haters!
Lies...all lies.
TRUMP IS DOING A GREAT JOB, WATCH FOX NEWS
Please save South Korea. Our people divided into two parts. Pro-North Korean can't be accepted. Be strong God bless us. The Lord is only way
If the us made thing that people what you would not have to beg others
#25AmendmentNow
Thank you for standing by South Korea.
Question: why does the entire world take the United States for granted? What have the American people done to earn such contempt?
No reason up to26 year olds should be on parents health ins.Its absurd 21 or until they finish college.
Nothing wrong with the old system before the Aca except 2 things buying across state lines not available for real competition and pre exist
Show the failing states of aca.let the people see if you want to dump the aca
You need a ad showing in black and white all the data of insurance available or not in states and choices a picture is worth a thousand wrds
I'd hope we can give them our Fords and Buicks for their Kias and Hyundais.
Here's some honest media making Clean Coal Oil Pipeline War for Colonised Oil & EXxon Share Sales a waste of money http://presscore.ca/japanese-company-unveils-car-that-runs-on-water-no-gasoline-no-battery-recharging-and-no-emissions …
"That's no moon..."
Yes, we finally know that you can read but there is no indication that those are your thoughts or ideas.
Thank you President Trump .... A Korean Combat Veteran
When will you and miss Ivanka bring your factories back to the USA?
Go show of Friendship between America and South Korea
That is great news!! WIn, WIn, Win!
Liar, con, traitor!
nice 
#TrumpOnlyTweetsFakeNews
That Moon, I call MUNDANE, is another Obama or Merkel, a self-righteous libtard. He never cared about America. Please don't let him drive.
Make him pay for the missle defense system you are given to South Korea.
I love winning!
Our president work for enemy ... They rather get nuke bum on their own country  than offended their enemy Kim .
Winning again!!
Good to see a leader working FOR America. You should take notes. Putz.
I'm holding ur uman rights sire
U will never forget that others fought wars u were 2 cowardly 2 fight.
Moon! Funny name. How did you keep from giggling or insulting him?
you are aware that the Korean War is NOT over, right?
Always looks like ur taking a #TrumpDump when u sit like that. U have no class, no morals and are a national embarrassment #PutinsPuppet
What does this mean for American workers?
Why are yours and Ivanka's clothing line still being made in China??? Must be paying big tarriff's when imported right????

u gonna raise min. wage and regulate CEO control. what am I doing... u don't know either. ur not smart enough to run a successful business.
Enough
Finally proud of America's foreign relations!!!
Donal Actions Speak !
He's playing you like a fiddle. And you buy it!!
And all the brave Pilots and ground support of the South African Air Force that were part of operations '49 / '52
You are the worst deal maker ever
President Trump at his best making good deals for the American people. #America first #MAGA #lovemypresident #lmp
Great
Uruguay healthcare system #1 healthcare system in the WORLD. Hello people
LOL  Tell us another one!!  #nitwit #fakePOTUS #MAGA
AWESOME POSSUM!!!
Awsome.  This is the kinda tweets that u need 2 be posting!!  Not ones were U Lower yourself 2.  It only gives these people more 2 talk abou
