
if the news is false what are you worried about? Show us your tax returns
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"...
Mr. President, I am with you all the way.  I have confidence in your leadership and thank God you came to the Presidency when you did.
Hilary Clinton is the better president in the world
I think they are calling it a ' clown hunt'. Out of respect for witches.
I heard Obama was born in Kenya.
how come every time you get butt hurt you blame it on Obama. You're starting to sound like one of those nut job republicans
must be Obama Hillary  the 3 wicked witches of Washington ( Pelosi Warren and Waters )and the liberal-left.
need to get stuff on them
We see what the Dems and Obama and Hillary are doing and we still reject them.
prosecute  those involved
That it is.
Your best speech was the othernight.Sincere, calm concisely. wipe Obama's left over's out of the WH House
can we clean the swamp a little faster?
— How about "blowing it up" instead of draining it.
. Anyone associated with Obama needs to go. sick of what is happening in DC.  Give Pres. A chance & his cabinet
@nia4_trump When you judge them, make sure you use their own rules for us!
illegal leaks? Like when u encouraged Russia2 hack hillary? C'mon bruh. You're Basically blaming toto for outing the wizard
Wasn't it also Pres. Obama who whispered to Putin (there was a live microphone, unbeknownst to him) that he'd be more flexible with him once he got elected president?  Wasn't it Hillary who as Secretary of State witnessed the sale of Uranium 1 to the Russians?  These are facts.
Why do I care? Neither of them are current potus.
Stop blaming Dems for your illegal/incompetent behavior/actions and your team. You are a traitor and a terrible president.
Yeah. And they are finding alot of witches.
Then the witch is Ivanka. No way she vacations with Putins girlfriend and you say you don't know Putin. No way.
you wish. You wish. Stay tuned.
so exposing the truth is a witch hunt? What are you so worried about if you did nothing wrong?
Patriots will put #CountryOverParty every time.Releasing truth is transparency.The truth is Con man's enemy. #ImpeachTrump
MSM gave you one good day. Now they're back at it. We can't lose AG Sessions. #MAGA #TrumpTrain #FakeNews
look at your UNSECURED android twitter phone for those leaks
ignore the haters actions speak louder than words! You have a ton of supporters block out the rest !
stay the course.
Trumpster
DEMS did not invite Russian Ambassador to GOP convention or to Trump Tower.
And the witches are running the hunt!
Should have been done a long time ago!!
Nothing like that gonna happen. Trump lied to all of you.
Hell, he HIRED the swamp. #LiarInChief #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxes
reality? You are unreal. So pathetic. Your own staff leaks cuz the can't believe you grandiose self love. #TheResistance
The real story is that protohomonids ate mushrooms and this symbiosis sped up the development of the neocortex.
no Donald it is not!
stop whining
The real story is you colluding w the Russians to undermine American democracy.
keep tweeting 

document everything - law and business 101 

thought you were a genius!?   LOL
leaks from your confidants! You're not going to make it to summer.  So obviously corrupt-we'll know the whole story soon
so the problems are the leakers not what is actually being leaked?
honey, what do you have to hide? Digging in makes you look more guilty. Sad!
- u got ur phone back !!! cool - so donald - yeah - ump - russia? - really? jail will be good 4 u #LiarInChief
MOVE like u promised if u don't like OUR President!!!! #liarosie
- never said it - not once - imagine u - believing his bullshit - tommy come on #treason
.@realDonaldTrump The real story is that you paid prostitutes to owe on you and Putin recorded it!
We stand with AG, Jeff Sessions! He is a well-respected, and honest man. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
SO UNFAIR!
release the tax returns immediately @wikileaks
Drain the swamp
it's because they don't respect you, sad!
Oh honey. It can't be an illegal leak and also a witch hunt. Either it's true or it's false. Pick one.
it's only a "witch hunt" when there is nothing real at the end of the hunt.We're not hunting witches,we're hunting traitors

.@realDonaldTrump When Trump writes 4 defensive tweets and it's still less than the # of people in his administration with Russian ties.
You didn't say the same thing about WikiLeaks!!!
Isn't it nice when the truth unravels corruption, lies, & cover-ups?
Crooked Hillary Obama the Bum Soros the Demon all belong in jail.
.@realDonaldTrump
<<<weren't you saying this was a smear campaign from the left on you other account @CommanderXanon #FAIL9000 @realDonaldTrump
You need to bone up on your history. That account was stolen by an FBI CI. 

http://bit.ly/1kbJtrB   | 

@thisguy420311 @realDonaldTrump
im not clicking a bit.ly link from a short tweet.... u have space for a url... probably a tracking service
http://anonymousglobal.org/commanderx/blog/?p=72 …  | @thisguy420311
good lookin' out though
You missed the point. The purpose was to prove I don't have anything to do with the account you mentioned. Nothing more | @thisguy420311
i got the point..... @CommanderXanon im just sayin your history isn't so squeaky clean either.... $35,000 in bail money owed to ed fry
Start investigations on obama, Jarrett, Soros, Former CIA Brennan, Pelosi and Schumer. Kick out ALL obama leftovers.
“so called” president is a “nut job.”  How about your taxes?  Sad!
better find a better witch for better spells for yourself lol

#presidentBannon says I can use words to mean whatever I want now that I'm king! #GetADictionary
Then you are calling your administration a bunch of "Witches."
The pot calling the kettle black, Mr. Trump?
witch hunt was u did to Clinton. Now you are going to walk the gallos and hopefully ur head will roll for treason
You mean like all your ties with Russia and how you and your family are personally profiting on the presidency?
yet your racist AG is spanking himself for lying during his confirmations about speaking with Russia. You're so bogus
Fake news all the time.  Just stay focused.  We all know who is rousing up all the trouble.  Don't take the bate!
Your writing style is so Valley Girl!
Maybe, but it's the season of the witch. If you've colluded with a foreign power to disrupt the election, you're toast.
illegal leaks- look inside your inner circle............
- Sir, you have loyalist within the Intelligence community, locate them, thereafter call the cleaner
Yep the witch, Treasonous Village Idiot Trump and his coven
keep trying to change the subject...four of your picks perjured
They burned witches at the stake.
Funny the leaked news is real.
per your own deputy press secretary, Hope Hicks, today, "the bigger story isn't who said it, but is it true?" Pick a lane.
GET OFF THE DEFENSE AND HIT BACK! THIS WILL NEVER STOP UNTIL YOU DO!
ever think they are leaking the information because you're to incompetent to understand the truth?? Pathetic.
and you know all about "witch hunts" don't you Mr. Birther.  Karma is a bitch.
You calling yourself a witch?
do you have a problem with witches?
a witch hunt is what you did to Hillary, now the country has you, and you don't know what your doing,resign for the good
It shows they can climb up the posts, THE WALL HAS TO BE SOLID otherwise  they can climb up https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHjKBjM1ngw …

It is a 'which hunt'. Which crime will they get you with, first?
Welcome to the presidency where everything u do is open to scrutiny.  Not like private life.
"Witch Hunt" is right as most of these Soros/DNC/HRC/BHO Globalists R Saul Alinsky protege's & SATANISTS 2 CORE!
@BlueAJ41  We know it is Mr. President. Just keep doing what you're doing! Plow right through them..
... yep... that's the problem Don!!!  Lol!!!!
check your fun old man. You are the leak.
If it is a Witch Hunt, Ding Dong!!! the Witch is Dead,Woe unto Babylon Ref:Revelation 17.So What r u going 2 do about it...
@Queen_UK @CityWestminster Why Loot,Kill&Destroy??? You don't practice Intelligent Kindness!?? #Shame on you Antichrist KMT
#Perjury#Impeach#Prison
STOP....JUST STOP LET YOUR PEOPLE DEAL WITH THIS MESS. WE THE PPL NEED U 2 FOCUS ON NIW!!! T.U.
Why are u so upset if it's not true? Oh wait, bcuz it is and the IC is going to BURY you for your disrespect! #ImpeachTrump
45, WE don't believe a word that comes out of your large mouth....
@iAmFreedomMan It's way past time to 'Drain the Swamp' Do it today without delay!!
INSURRECTION shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years — U.S. Code
...just stop...
. @realDonaldTrump It is a Witch Hunt. And they are going to catch you soon.
Take ALL Dems holdovers and lock them up, offer pardon for the first to talk, others FULL prosecution !!!
hey i don't think you know what a witch hunt is or how to use punctuation.
Im pretty sure it's only a witch hunt if it's NOT true and if multiple people DIDNT lie..
And you are the witch!
yes, striking similarities with your birther conspiracy, right?! Oh man, good luck, dude. Srly you need it
.@realDonaldTrump So you admit that the leaked information is true and members of your campaign colluded with Russian spies?
Fiona Hill is an Obama stooge.A trojan horse. SHE WILL LEAK to Media like a firehose.Warmonger Michael McFaul happy.STOP
Leaks only exist where there is something to leak. #impeachTrump #youfucker #RESISTANCE #resist
Witch hunt or patriotic Americans trying to save their country? We're not Russia not matter how much you wish we were.
Wipe Putin's git off your chin. We know what you've been doing.
#TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance #TrumpLeaks #RussiaGate #IndependantInvestigation 
#ResignNotRecuse
The Swamp dwellers will do anything to keep you from draining their Swamp!!!!!
Keep up the good work, chosen by God, you'll be proven right in the end ,sign of a time of freedom from the media control.
Tisk, Tisk, spelling errors again, should read "... leaks of classified and other information is a total "Bitch Hunt"
did Bannon tweet this for you?
your whole team going to jail I don't like the FBI or the feds but they going to get you they going to show you
Are you going to call for Congressional hearings on Mike Pence's use of a private email? Inquiring America wants to know
and it should be!! You crook!!!!
17 Intelligence agencies..our government..they see what happened in Russia...a rigged election..no witch hunt..
Gee funny how you see it that way. I guess you and your GOP friends know something about "witch hunts".
Maybe the leaks are from your phone which you tweet on all the effing time. Stop it.
Our hearts and prayers are for you and your cabinet. These attacks are desperate and God has given you the victory.
President Trump don't forget how many of us support you and the endless work you are doing to "Make America Great Again"
where's your new travel ban? Is it too hard to get private time with the Russian ambassador to receive orders? #traitor
get used to it #illegitimatePresident #TheResistance #InvestigateTrump
only you can stop
don't be scared Mr president
I missed your brilliant tweets. Knew you would be back. At least, you were "presidential" for one day.
Better dust off your broom.  They're coming for you next, big boy.
No, I'm pretty sure it's called perjury and he knew it. He just didn't think he'd get caught. 
"paranoia strikes deep" . . .
totally a Witch hunt
#alternativefacts.  Does President Bannon okay these tweets?
Well, I think they are on the hunt for a warlock...which would be you!
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE 
You should know.
You need to learn the proper use of quotation marks.
so tell them whose boss and stop playing their chess game.  #MAGA
On yer broom!
ouch.. Truth Hurts
I am confused, I thought the leaks were fake news but now they are a witch hunt? Is it fake news that it is a witch hunt?
easily put to bed. Release your taxes & call for special prosecutor. End of witch hunt. Why would you not do that?
if it's all a witch hunt...... release your tax records
Maybe they are just getting all that info from Pense's AOL account.
well you and your cabinet are wicked and evil
not in your case @realDonaldTrump it's a treasure trove
Trump currently at 44 percent with a disapproval rating
@InstagageMktg we know everyone crooked so I don't care about no Russia only Money Money
expose the fake news to ruin the poor and needy with lies.
hmmmm.... Don't like people being "targeted",  eh? You're a fool....
no it's a traitor hunt! Running scared?
@lidia_lidiadim Seventeen days before Obama left office, he arranged for 16 departments to get NSA info. Purpose: leaks
Well that's what the Russians say, Mr. Parrot.
No witch hunt. No laws broken, did you break some laws? Liar! Puttin's puppet!
If you didn't give them so much material to leak, there wouldn't be a problem.
thank god for the leaks, they will put you in jail
Leaks are criminal, prosicute the ones leaking the information!
Must revamp Intel Apparatus,replace moles n traitors by loyal,patriotic n honest people.to regain lost confidence in system
wht ur elected cabinet members r doing is called treason not a witch hunt. This is not a high school election. Dum dum
we are with you Mr. President. The leakers will be flushed out to face the music
yeah.... now the shoe is on the other foot, huh Donnie?? Not as fun, is it?? LOCK. THEM. ALL. UP!!
Witch will hunt u down- the con man.
He gave a clear no and expounded on it! Not much room to misinterpret. I'm not that gullible.
Ive never seen someone attaicked as much as president trump..
@darhar981 Of course it is. We the people know that and can see that. You too need friends in high places.We are for u. X
I've never thought of describing you as a witch before, but that works too. Liar!
since this is in "quotes", to what kind of a "witch hunt " would you be referring.
didn't you say you loved leaks? Pretty sure you loved them during the election. #hypocritemuch
Why not one executive order to end ALL Obama executive orders?
