Sorry not happy. Was a puppet in the Warren Commission
Largest, Bigot, Biggest, Huge, Humongous,
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. ...
the largest aircraft for the largest liar, most racist, most incompetent president in American history.
Who gives a ....
please get lost on that carrier
Outstanding progress for the military and troops.  Next the IOWA class battleships used in Vietnam&Operation Desert Storm
Here's hoping you step off the side
Beautifully made ship
sadly there will never be one named after you. Ford was a useless pile of crap..and he got a boat. You will not
You honestly need to educate yourself. Don't you ever get embarrassed of all the things you have said that are wrong? Simple research.
 #FakePresident
Did you attend a prestigious Military Academy?
#persiangulf
I am sure no one will be glad to see you. Stop tweeting. Be a president if that is even possible.
If this I trump they real president aren't u suppose to put positive things on social media and actually help us
One great tribute to the men in uniform , thank you/  Don
Why don't you give credit, where credit is due?  Bush& Obama.
They left the mess with ttump
This is the sort of craft they're likely to name after you…
Lol!
Well it was ordered under Obama's admin.  Under yours, why do we need so many warships if we are going to abandon the world?
No it wasn't.
The way you tweeted about this seems you have nothing else going on. Nobody wants you around.
I'm sure that no one wants you around Brasilmagic.
Oh yes they do hon. You have no idea...
You know u have nothing to do with it though right!  Bush and obama built it
When did he take credit?
He thinks it's all because of him. His other posts about how obama made them weaker. Yet funded this
And you know this how?
I am sorry to hear that. Hopefully the ceremony was successful despite your presence Donald.
#ImpeachTrumpNow #TheResistance
He is the man , make America strong again, and he is
You got the name wrong, Donnie.
thank you to the Obama Administration for seeing to it that the USS Gerald R Ford was built and completed on time # DoNothingTrumps
You would not dare honor anything a Dem president has done would you? Petty character.
No, he just doesn't honor anything a Democrat, black president has ever done
That's great mate. Big war thing will happy to see you. Hope much death and killing come from it. Awesome
Great now we have the most air craft carriers and the largest! What exactly does this say? We have the grandest army?! Everyone knows that
It's what a figurehead does, getting paraded around.  You are a charlatan and a buffoon who believes his own lies. You are of no importance.
He can play golf if he wants too obummer played w rigger and we paid for it so fly off
Good thing it is large otherwise how else would all your failures make it on-board?!?
Thanks for letting me and your mom know.  Be sure to take a jacket. It can get chilly out there.  Maybe they will have some warm soup.
Hi djt
Golf course closed?
PRESIDENT OBAMA BUILT THAT CARRIER!
You're not worthy.
Please stop naming this woman. When you call her out as Crooked Hillary, you dilute your message. Go big red machine!
Being from Michigan, I can't think of a better name!!  God Bless you, and our military!#Navymom
Don't be surprised if you get thrown overboard.
This evening I will be participating in the #ProtectTransTroops hashtag for the trans troops who were just told they can't serve...
...bc their health is too expensive for the largest military in the world.
DRAFT. DODGER.
Not really a president.
Does that make you important and relevant? LOL
wawaaah
WORLD PEACE NOW!!
I'm the future they will be christening one in your name sir! #MAGA
Congrats.
Bravo.  Oh, wait. Instead of acting as a respectable CINC, you made the speech about you. Total Fail, Deplorable Don. Shame on you.  Sad.
Priceless. Your scheduler is trolling you. Bigly! 
Somebody push him overboard.
You are awesome sir
Anything to avoid actual work, amiright Donny?! Sad! Delete your account
23 year navy vet.  Larger carrier, larger target.
Shut up.
MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN
Impeach Trump 2017
"I have these thoughts So often I ought To replace that slot With what i once bought Cause somebody stole My car radio And now I just sit.."
"Waging my wars behind my face and above my throat. Shadows will scream that I'm alone."
Will your tiny flat feet hold you up that long? The doctor that your daddy paid to keep you from serving is squirming. #TrumpRussia #Liar
We love you Mr President..please enjoy !
Would like to see you more respectful to AG. He is to you!

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
Just remember how Ford became Prez. Maybe they will commission the USS Pence someday.
Don't drop the soap Donald J Dump
do not dirty a great ship donald
Good job Mr President. Your the best for America
Good for you honey, have a nice time.
#FakePresident
Its ashame all the hateful comments about our great President Trump.  I stand with you.
Draft dodger
Amazing how many haters are out there. Thanks for sharing. We have your back.
your administration will forever be clouded with lies, fraud, deceit, and god knows how ever many more crimes. RESIGN NOW!
Thank you Mr. President.
Good for us !  Now lay off Sessions  !   It all good to be upset with him, but he was just doing what he thought was right.
You insult the integrity of the US Navy by attending.
The only time we'd see your name on a ship like this would be if the Russian Navy can scrimp together enough to build a new carrier.
A disgrace that such a xenophobic, tyrannical, egomaniacal mental case will even set foot on that ship.  SAD   #ImpeachTrump
Sailors live and work on ship, not in ship. BTW
Great
It's not size that matters, but what you do with it sweetheart.
https://vimeo.com/226633835 .  How about troops at home?
Todos esos susodichos professionals odian la Pas y la union hasta la familiar q tanto Cuesta mantener en este mundo
U need to forget about HRC. R smear machine successfully ended her political career. Focus on ur job, & if you're innocent, u can keep it.
Isn't that the one you publicly berated?
The USA has enough prisoners to completely replace mexican farm workers and provide job skills to felons.
"Everybody look at how big this boat is. I'm certainly not compensating for anything..."
Over budget as usual!
Let's throw more money their way! Great plan.
#Impeach45
Ford-irony there for sure
This morning I went to the bathroom.
Jajaj bueno que garron
Close Mexican Super Highway between US&Mexico Its a Human trafficking highway going both ways US girls kidnapped taken to Mexico #keepussafe
Which you had no hand in constructing.
How nice. Gerald Ford was good at pardoning too...
Then what?  Golfing or tweeting whiny complaints about the Democrats, Hillary or Obama? Destroying our country and middle class?
Thank you Mr. President Trump, let us pray this ship will do a great job and all will be safe for many years to come in Jesus' name Amen! 
Hey, , think there will ever be a USS ? (Hint: Is there a USS Richard Nixon?
Nigeria is a corruption & nepotism heaven,bokoharam, marauding Fulani herdsmen & now Badoo...feel like asking God why was I born in Nigeria
You disgrace our past Presudents as well as our military, not one of them are honored by your disgraceful presence.
A draft dodger sucking up to the military. The irony.
jump off the deck & inspect the hull please.Your hair could use the salt water.obama could do a perfect flip & walk on water unlike you!
Yet you said it cost too much and was a waste of government money?  #Dementia
No one cares!
Knowing now how your mind works, I wonder if you've ever sued yourself to collect from one of your own insurance policies. #crookedtrump
Did you get the steam catapults you wanted, you fucking imbecile?
Nice
It is great to Honor the work put forth by our countrymen and women! Welcome to our area President Trump!
.Love you President Trump!
This poor ship will forever bare the stigma of having you as the speaker at its commisssioning.   SAD
Your Commissioning Speech was beautiful & inspiring! 
Beautiful ceremony awesome to see on TV,.hopefully some libtard somewhere learned something
May I wishing you a very, very god morning Mr. Stefan King? 
one six billion dollar ship.  The Brits learned their lesson in the 1800's more cheaper ships cover more ocean.
Fantastic outcome...
compensating much? Down south they just drive big trucks but whatever?
Make sure you take credit for building it.
 only a Fakepresident believes to have the power to misuse his power... 
Shameful on George W. Bush and @BarackObama didn't give Gerald R. Ford were alive is too late! They waiting until you honor him!
It must suck to know that even he was a better president than you'll ever be
No. One. Cares
滚犊子
i love you boss. you are the best president
Don't worry @realDonaldTrump I am sure there is a hot air balloon we can name after a windbag like you!
sounds like fun!!! Take lots of pics!!!
Honoring the great American pardoner.  How ironic.
Speech sounded like it was written by a 3rd grader- it was BAD! SAD!
You know what Ford is remembered for, right? Pardoning Nixon. Just sayin'   #IpeachTrump #TrumpRussia @Resist
Damn, no golf this weekend? Sad.
The USS Trump will be the SS Mino...
You draft dodging pos shouldn't be allowed to attend a commissioning of an American warship
I heard they don't want you going there.
Can't wait to watch you make a fool of yourself somehow. You always do. Very entertaing, but not very Presidential.
Will you be meeting with any Russians while you're there? You know? Like your colluding son would do?
You did not build it. Why cut the ribbon?
You had jack shit to do with it.
gods, how embarrassing for the navy.  

#treasonweasel
#BridgeTheGap as a healthy senior i do homehealthcare for many vets.  i ache what ur doing to them.  help them please, they fought u did not
Thanks President Bush!
Good for you.  Did you have fun ?
You want to build up our military, spend billions on warfare, while the country & infrastructure are crumbling.  Kinda like your presidency.
More  "look at me! look at me!" Speech, yet no results going on 7 months now. Fake president with fake policies. Must be painful to be you
