My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you! #LESM...

Thoughts and prayers aren’t worth shit when you’re suffering. You have the sympathy of a blow up doll
And what about those people killed by the FL cops? Any sympathy for them?

#BIHNFL  BURN IN HELL NFL MAKE IT GO VIRAL MY AMERICAN BROTHERS AND SISTERS VETS AND  PATRIOTS
The fuck all police nothing but pig cracker  Revenue collectors that drive around ever day stealing money from society by pulling over cars
That's a nice tweet. Now if I could only believe you after your legion of lies.

#Trump #Liar #Evil #Nazi #ImpeachTrump #ConvictTrump
FAAAAAH Q
Amen I Believe Kissimmee will be Safe. I  Have Faith, I Trust that my joy will be complete. I am not ashamed of Jesus. Emmanuel.

@dittman_beth @kissimmeepolice THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT FOR MAGA.
MY favorite PRESIDENT and I don't care what Trump-haters say about you and your wife ,MELANIA!!!!🕇
Why not have block party's and invite police to it so everyone can speak and find out we are all humanes
Too close to home, makes me happy and sad to see all the blue ribbons around. Rest In Peace officers!
Prayers needed for Corona Ca cops salary cut 30 %, They cannot make it on that pay. Can you help???? Please..Stand for these guys..
You pray?  Bahahahaha
Hi
So who's writing your tweets now? hope she isn't t busy to service your every need.
O
The wonderful president.
All lives Matter
Is that Kissimmee outside of Olando where Disneyworld is? I worked at Disneyland in my 20's. Praying for them and their loved ones.
The only person you are with is yourself.
@POTUS @kissimmeepolice our prayers also.
When you say "Our Country" Exactly who do you mean by "Our"?
You make me sick whoopi an joy talk all you crap, you have two standards, all against trump an then what your Hollywood friends want shame.
Showing the President on tape doing something with CNN, REALLY how about all your attacks on the PRESIDENT is it a double standard for you.
Today the 3 crapy women of the VIEW want to talk about a kind word, maybe they should practice what they try to preach, start with President
Amen & god will always be in thwarts and with them during this difficult time in there lives.
If Trump doesn't do anything else. I would like to thank you for killing the Democratic Party! BTW they are also going broke.
You never did reach out to Jacksonville PD or call the he Police Chief in Kissimmee
You should be ashamed of yourself.
Refuse to listen to the idiots President Trump they are ignorant mentally unstable
Our law enforcement needs backing and support to keep this from happening.
shut up. You don't mean it so don't say it
I honestly would not want to be part of any prayer that you can cringe up.  Sincere thoughts and prayers for the Kissimmee Police, though.
I can't believe the ppl cannot respect the pres. Not one time did obama send condolences to any police officer that got killed, only thugs!
hello
'¥
F
What's a prayer? Do you worship yourself, money, your daughter, Putin? Let's hear one of these fake prayers.
Liar.
Your with the KKK and white nationalists
And what does that do exactly? Are you donating to the families? MAYBE you thought about them for half of a tweet.
I saw one of the officer's baby girl about 2turn 2yrs old on News-Baby's Mother weeping saying how the little girl needed her Father-So sad.
Breaks my heart to hear those words,visualizing her brokenness.Nothing can mend her loss but I pray for her & that she is surrounded w/love
Media too busy lying about Trump & supporters being white devils to bother reporting on anything else, esp since Russia has hit a dead end.
hey can you pleas send me a plain ticket to Russia to meat Putin.

@realDonaldTrump thank you Mr. President for supporting our calling.

Haters
God bless their souls and their families. Thank you for your service and sacrifice
More police have died since you've been in Office than ever before. Hmmm? Strange?!

8 dead, 50 wounded in Chgo this weekend.

Meanwhile, not one Confederate Monument in the entire US killed or wounded anyone this weekend.
Most powerful man in the world, but all he can spare is "thoughts and prayers."
GOD BLESS THEM
Glad to see a president send out prayers, unlike that Muslim we had in before

Antifa Added to Terrorist List & Missouri Senator Will Be Removed in September  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bGiLxDFYSmprZFJKbmRNRUx8MXlwS2RsQXFScGRLV-v4HHIkTWzi2EfDjy3KE0H58Z4dq6IOzIAW6ClrlSaR …
They do need to be investigated. Someone is behind the police inaction. They should be accountable for the choices they made.
God bless you President Trump we are with you!!!

How many Antifa members will be arrested today while wearing their special 'eclipse glasses' thinking that nobody can see them riot... 
ARE THESE MURDERERS MOVED BY HATE GROUPIES TOO ???
Thank you, sir. So often our officers in Florida have been ignored by media and politicians. Thank you for remembering us.
And what about the Cops shot in Jacksonville and Pennsylvania the same night? Hmmm.
WE are with them. YOU don't give a flying rat's ass.
HORRIBLE WHAT THESE TERRORIST GROUPS ARE DOING.

The sad thing is NO YOU ARE NOT
Trump will be president for the next 7 1/2 years...Yeah
Democrats = Hate and Violence
glad you are our pres.for the next 7 1/2 years.Dems are haters and create all the violence, thank Obama for dividing this country..
My heart and prayers for KISSIMMEE PD & Families left behind. 
Would like an Executive Order stating” Any legislation that has been enacted into law, will include all members of Congress. NO EXCEPTIONS
Democrates formed the KKK and now they formed more racist antifa and black lives matter funded by soros a true Nazi dumb snowflakes
I don't believe you pray...other than maybe to the devil!
And we are with you stay strong many prayers for you and your whole family some of us love every word you say
I am from india.... Please change your hair style..... You are lion but look like monkey beacause of your hairstyle

https://twitter.com/TeeCee_85/status/899248164892495873/photo/1pic.twitter.com/qoXDbl2kot 
BLM is encouraging to kill police need to be declared TERRORISTS ORGANIZATION.
Mr President listen to my country i wrote it when you were campaigning i think youll enjoy putting the link below
His tweet was respectful your responses that are not should be ashamed of yourselves, this is about the loss of 2 fine officers not politics
The greatest threat to America is Liberalism, in that it is anti-God and immoral, which is why so much violence by people not raised in God.
Ya Right
#TrumpResign
It's a fine gesture. I just think civile folks would like to have their President on their side too? Always defending police never people.
Thank you President Trump
Thank you President Trump. We live here and this is a great loss. Our police  officers are awesome men & women. They come immediately
It's sad someone looses their life. All of this #BlueLivesMatter is ridiculous that is a choice. If you can't handle the job quit.
My brother donald trump, become the province of Damascus Turkey. The Holy Book Bible wants justice.
I bet you have someone telling you all the stories so you can make yourself look like you care. How about helping this country? No more FRB!
Ask him what police than pull berny sanders
Why are they missing a good someriton?
Mcconel pull him trump
Oh my god trump who avoided policies
Don't be mad at me Mr.trump just answer rite.and will see who is the bad men and woman.
Mr trump is okay with me
Thank you...
Can you please see my stories in San Bernardino county courts.and in rialto,ca
Trump this email goes to rialto,ca.i caught someone missing with patriotism.
@realDonaldTrump thank you for taking the time to tweet that.  You did that for us at Berrien County Courthouse & we appreciated it.
Thank you so much for supporting law enforcement!!!!
Hope and want to see as a Noble price winner for peace.
You have no idea of what love is
Thanks, our thoughts are prayers for you too...
Mr Trump you are doing a good job..
May our LORD bless these precious families and thank them for their great service to our fellow citizens. We are praying for you and yours!
Thank you so much for being honest & real. We pray for you and love you dearly, President Trump!! May our LORD Jesus bless you and yours!
No. Actually your on your 1000th golf outing. I'll leave it there.
....
#ResignTrump
Be good to America. RESIGN for the greater good. History may be kinder to you, if you resign. #TrumpResign
Be good to America and become an educated citizen
I am not getting into a war of words with you. We have extremely different opinions. Paul Ryan is a piece of crap who only cares for rich.
Resign.
This one, you didn't screw up. Thank whoever wrote it for you.
It's sad this is happening in OUR country. STOP killing our police.
You don't have thoughts (brain is a walnut) and your prayers mean nothing (soul is bankrupt)
Not one mention about the guy being a moor & tied to the black panthers. Black supremest responsible for Kissimmee officers deaths. Crickets
http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/08/19/suspected-florida-cop-killer-claimed-to-be-member-of-black-extremist-group/ …
http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/08/19/suspected-florida-cop-killer-claimed-to-be-member-of-black-extremist-group/ …
your thoughts and you dont pray are only on your own self interests
Nobody wants your prayers.   We've seen the "religious" group you've affiliated yourself with and I suspect Satan is there somewhere.
Where's the colluder today? I bet he's trying to get his ducks in a row before Mueller drops the other shoe...get ready for impeachment
Sure you don't want to thank BLM for that protest to Don? #WAR
We are your not!
Ama atu projimo
@kissimmeepolicesend Swat teams to area clean UP.No police there without swat teams&helicopter support.Stop killing police
U r causing all this to happen
The shooter is a racist left-wing black extremist from the Moorish Nation. He's also a BLM sympathizer who hates white people and cops.
May God Almighty be with everyone that want America to be more great land
President Trump endorses hate groups. Like his father believes Nazis, White Supremacist, and the Klan all have a place in America!
Bullshit
YES. & THIS TYPE OF PURPOSE MUST BE YOUR FOCUS, MR POTUS. STOP FIGHTG W/MSM & FALLG INTO THR STUPID ARGUMENTS/FIGHTS.TALK ABT DETAILD AGENDA
If people stopped wasting their complaining  do something find one person change their view
The president is going nowhere. Face it crying everyday does you no good. Do what you can to help change the people around you if you can
