Thanks to Obama
It's not a hoax Mr President#thenewshasitright
We all know there is no hoax.
Who cares when ur family and u will be wearing orange jumpsuit's soon
If the house and senate had to use the same health care everyone else does it would be good for everyone and passed with no problem.
You the man Trump, Thank God you decided to run for president and drain the swamp
The only hoax I know is your presidency.
The Trump Bump is a Boil waiting to burst. No legislative achievements, no tax reform, mired in allegations of collusion and corruption.
Seen any uneducated coal miners get hired? I didn't think so. Remember you are supposed to be working for ALL the people

The fact is that you are still the laziest, most incompetent and first Russian puppet in U.S. history.  Not a legacy to be proud of really.
Thank you President Obama!!!
You are a liar
Do you mean the "hoax" that your son literally admitted to the world, backed up with documentary proof?  Or a different one?
Your policies are helping ordinary Americans, exactly why elite media and political establishment are trying to stop you. Don't let them!!!!
Mr. Trump your tweet is fake news
fake news!
Jackass.
It's only a fact when is good for you.  My 8 year oldacts more mature then you.
Hoax...aren't you cute, trying to hide the ending from us....
Thanks Obama
Thanks steve menuchin
yeah, great service jobs dude. Thanks to your predecessor for bringing life back to the economy after YOU and Wall Street fucked it up.
Thanks @BarackObama
You like to bring up past?  You are riding on President Obama run .
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to lo...
Storm market going up because you're going to resign soon..
are you still pretending to president?
Always looked good since the days of President @BarackObama.
Shut up
THANK YOU, PRESIDENT OBAMA!!!!!
Not. Consumer spending is down . The shit will hit the fan soon.
According to Jr it's not a hoax at all, you're all a bunch of low class scamming liars.
They need to move on they have nothing on this Russian shit they have nothing on the Trumps so quit wasting money and move on
You had nothing to so with it! It is left over from Obama's policies - you can not take credit!
I don't think you know what "hoax" means. YOUR SON ADMITTED MEETING WITH THE RUSSIANS AND PROVIDED DOCUMENTATION AS TO WHY HE DID IT.
The stock market doesn't have much affect on America's working stiffs.  
As for jobs, more of those low-paying ones with no benefits?
Thank you Obama .... Trump quit taking credit for Obama's work !   YOU SUCK THE BIG ONE !
Your so called hoax theory will come to light soon. Lies become lies.
Just keep on keeping on! Chugga chugga woooo woo! 

If you would quit watching FOX(faux)you would learn the truth
At this point it is no hoax.
Thanks President Obama!!
This is false. Stocks actually just recovered from Don Jr email bombshell. @segalink hope Trump's timeline isn't your only source of US news

Ryan has to go
The Russian story is not a hoax anymore. You need to come out and own it. The more you don't, the more you lose respect from the voters
Everytime it hits a new high @JudyWoodruff  has such trouble faking a positive attitude. Hilarious.
You mean jobs in China and Mexico, where all our manufacturing is ending up so you & your daughter can buy cheap clothes to resell!
THANK U @BarackObama a BUILDING A STRONG ECONOMY THAT TRUMP CANT DESTROY LIKE HE'S TRYING 2 DO 2 HEALTHCARE @cybrarian75x @michaeljcullin1
Great for America and the stock market, you, you need to be locked up and the key thrown away for you and your staffs traitorous ways.
u really belive its a hoax dont u..thats f...ed up...
Russian hoax story would have to be fake to be a hoax
Good job!
you must realize that once the Russian story comes out- you will be FIRED.  Oh the KARMA!
So
The "market" has been on a run ever since Obama took office. You have nothing to do with this! #FactsMatter
Thank you.
Job numbers are good???? I know a family and three females from that family all with Master's degree are working as temps.
Leader of #populism movement? What a joke! @Trump_Regrets #WallStreet #DrainTheSwamp #TrumpTrain #MAGA @FoxBusiness #stocks
The email showed that there was Russian meddling yet #trumpGOP and supporters stil thinks it's #fakenews #weird
If it is a hoax story, why does your campaign need to pay $50k to lawyers right before your son’s emails came out?  EMAILS?  LOCK HIM UP.
What part is the hoax?  Your son's emails are pretty clear ... who, what, when and where all included.
Can't wait to see the nineties on CNN a real presidential administration that got things done and there was a surplus in the fed deficet
Hoax story my ass! Say it long enough...u hope someone will believe that crock!? Sad indeed!
It's definitely not because of you
The market went up 140% under Obama...

So Sir, despite your "work" everything is good?
America is a juvenile and needs to grow up.
Thanx to @BarackObama because you have accomplished nothing #loser
Do you think #Trump suppoters are dumb enough to forget why they voted for you? @Trump_Regrets #MAGA @populism #Jobs
Coward
I hope the Stock Market has gone upp over 100% when you finish your president job.
It's not a hoax. You're just worried becu the truth is starting to come out. Remember when you said no one met with Russians. Lies. All lies
Somehow your lies don't align with the facts.
Why are you requesting FOREIGN WORKERS, when there are so many UNEMPLOYED AMERICANS?
Nothing to do with you.
#lame we were already on track. And why do you need to know if can pardon yourself. (300) @Carrier #failed45
Last year the job numbers looked bad, now they look good.  Can you make up your mind.  I'm getting a headache.
The Best is yet to come. You can't stop The Trump Effect. #MAGA
You claim it's a hoax story which means you're calling your son a liar? He's the one who spilled the beans.
Your making America greater and greater everyday!!! Go Trump go!!!! Thank you Mr. President!!!!!!
This makes liberals very angry. They much prefer the failed Obama economy where millions and millions were dependent on govt. handouts. Sad!
There have been no policies passed which make this economy Trump's economy......still legislation from the previous presidency....
This guy and his son Jacob Wohl (who is being investigated for alleged fraud) are only here to kiss a$$... on every single post.
We'll really be mad when the Russians take out our power grid. Maybe Cult45 will wake up when they can't watch NASCAR.
How is it a hoax? We found out this week your own son met with Russians on behalf of your campaign. your campaign is paying his legal fees
Nobody believes ANY of the Russia crap!
70% of Americans say differently. Nice try .
Yay to making money! Boo to your fake Russian hoax disclaimer.
Thank you, President Barack H. Obama!
It always soars before a crash. Can't wait for the excuses....
Because we know it's almost over and Trumps will be going back to their tower forever and ever.
Bloody old man: you will not generate any job
Tell McConnell to lower the count to 50 now or replace him with someone who cares like you about the USA. Paul Ryan is working against you.
Of course the Stock Market is up!!! Russia is doing great moron.
Once again....can someone please explain to me what the FUCK the stock market has to do with this presidental disgrace?!?
Job numbers look worse than your mop of a hairdo. Just stop FFS!
Thank you Mr. President! Keep up the goods works! I may not always like what you say, but I love what you are doing! Action not words!1
Just stop...no hoax...you and your thugs are ALL TRAITORS..INCLUDING PENCE AND lawmakers who support you!!
People must understand that when the markets go up it is a direct reflection of Investor CONFIDENCE IN OUR PRESIDENT!
One has nothing to do with the other. If you cut off your left pinky you'd still have 5 tiny fingers on your right hand.
Unless you're trans in the military, in which case your job numbers look terrible. #ProtectTransTroops
Thank you President Obama!
Are these the jobs numbers you discredited during the campaign?  Is unemployment down to 25% yet?
The only jobs being created is Lawyer jobs. HIGH demand recently
Job numbers good for a long time. Record unemployment is still credited to Obama Fiscal Year. #ThanksObama This is no credit to you. Clear?
Just keep employing Americans and work for working poor. FairTax makes America better. I believe in you. Appreciate your frustration.
You see what you want to see. Do you see homeless American refugees in our inner city streets? You're a phony!
Um Russian hoax? You might want to tell your son that since he clarified it's not a hoax. #idiot
I just can't even begin to comprehend why you are taking credit for this. You have not accomplished anything!! 
Hey donald
Hey donald
Riding Obama's coattails no hoax when it comes to Russia story only fake news here is you the big lie crooked Don and family
Thank you Obama.
Great job POTUS thank you
Jobs? Thanks Obama. Stock mkt?  Thanks Obama.  Russian leaks?  Thanks Jared. Tick tock.....
What hoax?? These are your own son's emails.
By calling Don Jr emails a hoax,Trump is calling his son a liar. Someone who just makes up fake news. Like father, like son.
I thought all of this was fake under Obama?!!?
Thanks to President Obama !!!
ALL THE STUPID MOVES WILL CATCH UP WITH YOU IN LESS THAN 6 MONTHS, THEN WATCH THE CRASH.
Jobs were good and getting better when you got to WH. There is no hoax except in your mind. All you NEEDED to do was continue Obama's plan.
What? The job numbers are real now? I thought you told us for years they were all fake?
Your amazing Mr President!!! Keep up the GREAT WORK!!!!
Yep - keep that great Obama momentum going!!!
And your #approvalrating also hit an all-time high, you must be proud and tired of winning #LOOSER
So the economy is moving on despite you.
Under Obama job growth increased for 75 consecutive months. You are simply continuing his streak.
Are those the same jobs number you said were all lies before you came into office?
You are doing an outstanding job! I am so proud to have you as my President! Thank You! Don't let the haters bother you! Keep doing you!
There isn't a Russia hoax. You and your family and cabinet are in the middle of that mess.
Folks wanting to make the most of the time they still have before Putin calls in his favors.
Fake. Russian story is ALSO at all-time high! Wake up @realDonaldTrump!
THANKS OBAMA!
THANKS OBAMA!
THANKS OBAMA!
THANKS OBAMA!
THANKS OBAMA!
THANKS OBAMA! 
THANKS OBAMA!
THANKS OBAMA!
THANKS OBAMA!
THANKS OBAMA!
The America dollar is crashing. 
You have nothing to do with it. You're losing jobs. You haven't done anything but ride Obamas coat tail.  So please be quiet.
Yeah, sure. In spite of you. Get off of the golf course and do your job....

Did Jr know it was a hoax? Good news about the job market as you'll be in that queue soon.
After meeting with the Russians  (collusion ) donald is calling it a hoax. Hahahahaha pe.........
Hoax? HOAX?! Even your demon spawn has admitted the meetings took place, and he intended to obtain itel! Hoax? Please, take your meds!
#fakeaccomplishment
stole http://trumpestates.com  from the Council for Native American Indian Progress Inc. A 501c3 who's next ???
You're insane and too untrustworthy to be leader of anything. Get help!
#TrumpRussia
You can no longer call it a hoax. Donnie Jr showed clearly your campaign's willingness to collude and Mueller will prove you did!
FAKE PRESIDENT!
Job numbers do not look good, liar
Thank you @BarackObama for your leadership that allowed the country to grow.  45 is determined to tank the U.S.
Yeah, the stock market was terrific right  before the 2008 crash. Wall Street doesn't always benefit Main street.
Russian Hoax? FAKE TWEET!
Nothing due to your policies or performance. All due to previous admin.
Believe highs r becuz market believes u will soon be out of office.
FOLLOW THE RUSSIAN CONNECTION IMPEACH TRUMP AND CABINETS POWER TO THE MEDIA JOIN THE RESISTANCE
Starting to look very good? Did you lie then when earlier you tweeted they were the best of any president? FAKE statement vs. REAL Truth!
So i guess your son is a hoax hes really not your son!!
You can thank Obama, Bernanke & Yellen. IGet past the Russian problem so you could reform health care & taxes I'd give you credit
The Russia story is not a hoax. You sure do stick up for Russia & talk shit about US citizens. Get the hell out of here & move to Russia.

Congrats, #'s have been good for some time. You inherited low unemploy rate.  Why do you like stats now and disowned them during campaign?
#Thanks, Obama!
how is it a hoax when your son admitted everything?
Goofy old man.
Ohhh, so close Mr.President. Deflecting is a commonly used palor trick, but you just accused your son and advisor of spreading a hoax.
Too bad  - not a hoax!  Jobs have been up for 18 months. Thank Obama!
no Russia/stock market correlation, unlike ur consumer-raping horrendous deregulations big biz loves #Sad
Had @WellsFargo not lied to me, I could have gotten a free University degree. Welcome to being held down in #TrumpsAmerica.
Donald, you are teetering close to the edge. You colluded. Now take the Impeachment.
You really have a bad memory. Check all of those court documents & your testimony. Do we need to recount that for you? Maybe a neurologist?
Dufus.
Stil riding Mr.Obama's coattail I seemr president your numbers won't b in til laterbut I'm sure u are well aware of that tho
Thank Obama
Keep having undisclosed meetings with the Russians.  Guilty people do that.  You are clearly guilty.  Traitor!
I thought you didn't believe in those numbers.  Now you do?  Such a liar. #25thAmendment
BAWHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
you think this is from you????
BAWHAHAHAHA!!!
Certainly no thanks to you, you have done nothing positive side taking office!  You have achieved great harm so please resign!!
Which stock is that 1 can prosper
