Correct! The Democrats only care about staying in power through amnesty and Dreamers all becoming loyal democrat voters. It’s inexcusable.
So sad! Lord open their eyes to the needs of America!
BS the boarders have been safer since 911 you just don't want Mexicans in because they will do the work most Americans won't do your racist.
I think you should be more worried about the terrorism in our country by our own ppl, white nationalists, neon Nazi's the likes your pathetc
Statistics disagree. Who commits MOST crime? Not whites, that's for sure. You libs shoot up country music concerts like in Vegas. Or shoot congressmen at baseball games. Darn Bernie Bros.
We do care, we live here. We also want people who aren’t White, but call this place Home, to be safe from the clutches of orange hatred
Really? I want law breakers arrested and deported. That's what happens when you break into our country like a thief in the night.
I think it’s more the fact that democrats don’t mind non-white people coming here. Doesn’t mean they’re against security.
If they came here LEGALLY,they are more than welcome.
Stay on topic
True the Democrats don’t care about the safety of the citizens of the USA!
Do you ever take responsibility for anything? How many lies have you styled into you address tomorrow night? How much time will you spend with superatives and assigning blame to others? Do you actually have the capacity to "lead?" Most likely not.
True!  All they care about is having power to rule us little people. So sad and dangerous! Thank you for all your efforts President!
Speak
Right, because the last bunch of terrorists to attack on US soil weren't white Americans who were born and raised here and... ..oh wait...
Statistics disagree
@realDonaldTrump
Power & Votes(legally AND otherwise) is all they care about, issues are just a means to an end.
The liberals care more about Immigrants than they do about Americans.  The people who voted them in, or did the illegal immigrants vote them in?
QUITE OBVIOUS! - I wish the Democrats were at least a"LITTLE"interested in the well being of the American people. The Democrats were HIJACKED beginning with the death of JFK. (It was a"HOSTILE"takeover).  (It started w/taking PRAYER out of schools in 1962),God is dead philosophy.
PLEASE DONT GIVE IN ON DACA ... SEND THEM HOME ... Send the Democrats voting base home
So sorry you have to contend with the left wing radicals who will do anything to make you fail. Your the best President ever.
Secure boarders? Travel bans? So Y isn't there travel bans on these areas? Oh,wait..  Us dems want SECURE BOARDERS too! 
Another SAD tactic!
They want socialism to take over.
I am a Democrat and once again, you don't know what you're talking about. Do all Republicans hate immigrants?
We love LEGAL immigrants just not ILLEGAL ALIENS.
We don't care about safety, but you won't tackle assault weapons. Yeah. Ok.
Assault weapons = modern sporting rifles in libtardish.

The problem with dealing with you is that you have no sense of what’s in the best interest of Americans. RESIGN!!!
Um, you lost bud. What you feel is frankly irrelevant.
The people that voted you in don't care about safety. The people begging for gun control... we may want some safety....
So you don't like the Constitution? Or did you lose your right to own a gun so now you are mad and want everyone else to suffer? I bet all those aborted babies would have appreciated some safety.
We do care about safety.  That's why we're upset that you to continue to mock North Korea in your childish tweets.
You only mock fellow citizens so don't act all high and mighty hypocrite.
If im not mistaken didnt an american just murder 58 people in Las Vegas...
Yeah, a lib, it was a country music concert and we know how much Lefty's despise regular folk.
Why can’t we vet all the dreamers and if they are law abiding then help them get their citizenship within a certain time frame to stay 
As long as they paid all their taxes and pay the fees a normal immigrant would in order to get citizenship. Sounds fair to me.
You know who doesn't care about the safety of the USA? People who let you into the White House.
How many wars has Trump started? I feel pretty damn safe and my wallet is plump.
Calling for IMPEACHMENT!!!
Good luck. I'll just sit here and laugh at you.
Nobody wants your wall--and you'll   never get monies from AMERICANS bc you dumped & are killing the ACA which people will not forget
You’ve made clear with YOUR policy proposals that YOU don’t care about your citizens’ lives! Fortunately healthcare proposal failed #BIGLY
Your environmental policies will KILL American citizens, but will increase $$ for you/your buddies. And that’s what matters isn’t it?
You’re inciting WORLD WAR III
Your response to AMERICAN CITIZENS in Puerto Rico has been pitiful
Demsnwill work with you if you STOP LYING and start putting together policies they can get behind
You lost the election, get in the back bud.
That is a lie.
No it is not Julie. Dems want open borders, DACA, and unvetted refugees. If they don't, why are they fighting these policies so vehemently?
This is news to me. Btw-DACA and open boarders/unvetted immigrants -separate issues.unable to your substantiate your claim. Rhetoric ?
How did those who claim DACA status arrive here? They were vetted at the border? Are facts an issue you cannot deal with?
Entry happened long before the current issue. Why would you use what is currently going on with what has already happened. Look ahead?
So you are saying, because they entered years ago, illegally, it now makes it legal. What BHO did was illegal as they are. #FactsHurt
I am saying that there should be a pathway to make them legal. BHO is my hero and I am not even a Democrat
Not until border security and an end to chain migration. Americans first!



Democrats don't care about lies and fear-mongering. Democrats care about actual people.
This is really simple You want the Daca Kids Democrats Then secure the borders. Its simple  If you dont vote for it you will be dust in 2018
Yes, all Democrats want to be unsafe. Makes no sense.
Why is it if a man in another country shoots out a hotel window and kills a few it'd be called terrorism yet a white man does it........
True theydont. Look at Seatle. They are allowing people to get high with heroin
They can not find anyother way than to sucomb to the left
Heroin and opiates are going to destroy our country and the left is harboring it as a common health problem
I dont believe our great president is allowing this to happen
You're so right Mr. PRESIDENT. No deals please, go after people who hire or house illegals with big fines and jail time, we will have wall.
That’s just a lie to feed your rhetoric. You are so shallow that you seem to think your job is to Twitter inflammatory sound bytes.
SAD
Im a Democrat and I care about secure boarders but I also care about people
Or the people struggling with drug addiction! Stop the drugs.. build the wall!
I do not believe you are correct here Mr. President.
False. We don't want discrimination and rasicm.
That's just an asinine statement, but one that is predictable,  based on it's source
Again, a another incorrect, ignorant tweet from our moronic leader! #embarrassing
There isn't a wall tall enough to keep the traitors and terrist out of our Country. They are already here. THE SPY RING IN CONGRESS!
@G6throughF5 to understand the Democrats is totally to follow the money they are completely greedy and filled with hate
Please don't cave
Funny how the uninformed think Trump elected himself. The majority of the real working class elwcted him and hes doing as we have requested
that's not cool, man. You should be connecting Americans, not pitting them against eachother.
Wrong, what they want is a secure borders and not a very high expense wall. Money from us , taxpayers
That’s a fake statement sir
Once again aren’t getting your way so you play crybaby
Why do you lie so much! Are you that insecure!
Dems only care about being king
No we are more scared of you and what you are doing to the USA!
you are wrong.  You don't care about decency apparently.  How low can you go?
And the way you react to devastation and citizens that need immediate help proves you do? Just throw them a roll of paper towel. Sigh.
Yes they do, they actually want to go after real threats, like the Klan and other right wing terrorist groups who supported your election.

Says the man who's in the pocket of NRA enabling ISIS sympathisers to freely buy guns in the good ole USA ... focus on changing gun laws!
2/2 Actual poll results, posted by Fox news. It ain't just the democrats.
I don't know if that's true. Most Democrats I speak with want a border policy that is easy to understand and will get people registered.
I did it the right way by going to the USA embassy 1st & then waiting 2 years for my green card before moving over That’s How 2 do it right
Trump has the IQ of a lobotomised dung beetle.
You know you are the president of all the people. Even the democrats. You have single handedly separated our nation. As you would say, sad!
Then crush them completely! America First! And there can be no compromise on this!
FUCK Off you Russian Puppet  !
Fake news.
Safe like this.
Build a wall like the "great wall of china"
You're wrong
Yeah i'm sure every single one of the millions of democrats don't care about their own country's safety :')
Shut up please
Coming from a Communist that's worried bout USA safety, really.
Actually the republicans don’t care for our safety because you’re still in office
You toddler dim wit. You are capable only of lies. Someone should change your diapers.
I care about safety for the US. That's why I hope and Pray for your Impeachment. You are trying to start a war. You should have to go fight
Build the wall or no DACA it's that simple #trump2020
Seriously? ?  You are not uniting the parties. Time to quit the jr. high talk and take responsibility. Amazing that you can't take blame.
That’s not true. Like the 99.9%of what you say.  in chief
They don't at all. Socialism isn't tolerable in this Country and neither are Liberal ramblings
So your policy would be to let nobody in ?
Those words coming from an asshole provoking nuclear war with North Korea really ring hollow. Why don't you just resign already?
At least they don't use Twitter as a policy sounding board. You care about safety about as much as a 13 yr old lighting cherry bombs
I can't keep up with your lies, they spurt out like machine gun bullets whenever you open your mouth. #WorstPresidentEver
No wall no daca
YOU’RE the biggest threat to the US. When will you get that!? Is your Toupee in the way?
You really have NO CLUE!!!! 
LIAR
The Democrats aren’t cowards like you. They believe in the plaque at the base of the Statue of Liberty.
Amen
Start lining up the busses they will give us the wall and e-verify
You don't care about the safety of California. Why would we care about you??
Sure. You know that's another of your millions of lies. You lie every time you open your mouth.  How do you sleep at night?  You are insane.
Do you ever work? It seems you’re always on Twitter acting a damn fool.
You are such a dirtbag
Lies
More Fake News. You're pathetic. Stop your lying.
And criminals and parasites vote Dem.
But aren’t you the one threatening our safety with Missle Man???
You, 45, don’t speak for REAL Americans. Your falling popularity rate proves that. 32% indeed, loser. Bwahaha!
Dems are the party of Hate; they do not care about Americans.
seems like Democrats paid attention in school when we learned about America as a melting pot and how we're all immigrants.

@DNC and dims fail EVERY day. Dims are truly Un-American. 
Thank you @POTUS  for all your truth and hard work! #MAGA
The problem is YOU, and your obsession with bullshit.  Focus on what’s best for Americans, stop trying to kill (removing Affordable Care, supporting KKK, ignoring GUN reform, send food & water to PR) us every chance you get. #SaveAMERICANS 1st, then build your fu(<ing wall!
That’s why we had 8 years of no terrorism in the US. Last week we had the worst domestic terrorism ever.
Resign traitor. Dems actually care about all people.
It's time. 
#impeachthismoronicarse NOW!
Do you or anyone around you actually read the drivel you write?  Sad

Our mass killings are done by Americans. Don’t lie everyone wants secured borders. You must think people are stupid. Look in mirror.
they care about the safety of my food from the millions of mouths of ants who are taking it FREE right from under me
This coming from the party who refuses to enact any policy after over 50 people are murdered in Vegas.
No, they don't care of $20Trill debt, but will spend an unimaginable amount of $ on Ilegals. citing compassion, but hoping 4 those votes.
Your legacy will be these idiotic tweets. 
You have neither said nor written anything but childish rants. You'll be remembered as moronic. ■
Correct! They will sacrifice America’s security for the possibility of a few votes. They are Judas and his 30 pieces of silver.
Wall is a blockade against future votes 4 them. It's their pattern; try to divide the US in a way that wins elections. KKK, antifa, no wall.
@DarLovesAmerica Not just dems don't care, Bushes don't care.
The problem is.....YOU!!!! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Hey Donnie draft dodger, do you never tire of talking nonsense and telling lies? You are without doubt the worst ever President. Like a kid.
You and Mike pence suck each other off
But we know you do , Build that wall , I know a lot of Americans will support the fund raiser for it if it comes to that
Got ur wife here with their soft border policies #impeach45
I'd say you were a man made of straw but you're actually all sh*t. #sadloser
How is that border wall going to protect us when all the crazies in the US can buy whatever and as many guns as they want?
Liar in Chief
What about the WHITE AMERICAN WHO KILLED 58 AND WOUNDED OVER 400??? THE FUCKING IMMIGRATION HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH IT IT'S THE NRA!
They love the cheap labor and the drugs.  Where do you think they get the people for their pedophilia?
Your good
Idiot
As a Democrat we do care about safety...start with the real safety problem.  It's not borders it's our own killing  each other. Gun Control
So u don't care about COTUS?
How dare you impugn the values and patriotism of the majority of voters in this country. #HillaryWon #3millionvotes #fuckingmoron
What have you done to prevent Las Vegas shooting? We have plenty of terror within our borders that you don't seem to care about.
Immigration is big business & the Dems receive donations from all organizations involved! Why do they want drugs legalized? #FollowTheMoney
Shut up with your nonsense!
oh they care but they care much more for the votes they get by keeping these people poor
The Wall is Non-Negotiable .... #BuildTheWall - Good for Immigrate Americans and the Country!  We support you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Dems want another terrorist attack
CRITICS can only make you stronger and tough,been a leader of your kind,because you always put God first,your government wouldn't fail SIR
Don't you realize how STUPID that sounds? I suppose they also hate puppies, eat their first-born child, and pray for an INSANE President?
Hello I am not a fan but I can be able to get along pretty good
What a load of rubbish you tweet. Try doing some real Presidenting
Wrong again they just want to do it right & not make the USA an island
Which is more important; safety of people in one particular country, or safety of all humanity?
Someone who is frequently trying to goad N.Korea into an attk so he can retaliate with "fire & furry" you've NO ROOM to talk of our safety.
fearmongering 101...serving an audience of idiots
So true. If left up to the Democrats we would be no longer s free country. That's their aim
Illegal immigrants don't really come through our border.  They fly in and overstay their visa's.   Your wall is an expensive non-solution.
We do care bout our safety YOU DON’T CARE ABOUT OUR SAFETY!!!!
Wow trump is such a smart man...SAID NOBODY EVER !!
Your wall is being rejected because it can be defeated by a trip to home depot. Not because we want open borders.

BINGO. They only want votes.
You know that's a lie
ily
