@SenSchumer how's the "pal" Trump doing for you now
Some states had problems with Obama care but most were treated with great rates You are making a fool of yourself
Look at the  #OrangeClown!! 

Orange + Red like Russia! 

#maga ==> #Impeach
why is Arizona going down the tubes?Cause of John McCain!A wimpering old man that has a grudge cause he never got 2 be Prez
Only one way to fix healthcare and everyone is dying for it: http://dailycaller.com/2017/01/16/former-hospital-chief-cure-for-healthcare-sticker-shock-unites-republicans-and-democrats/ … #Obamacare #Trump #Healthcare
A state w GOPer @ helm who intentionally didn't incorporate measures designed to keep premiums low; Dem states lowest EVER.
You should never speak about the ACA (even to whine) until you announce the specifics of your great, non-existent plan.
Threaten to do nothing if they don't cooperate.
Do not give up Mr President.   It will take time to educate these thick heads and introduce them to reality!
totally wrong abt that Americans voted for Trump. Rest r milque toast if u live off others $ u mimic opinions bc u've none
here is an idea...stop giving free hosp stays to foreigners!! When visitin other countries we can not get free hosp care
I dropped my Obamacarel cldn't afford the higher premiums, deductibles doubled & none of my Dr's even took it!  The WORST!
Same here. But hey atleast all the illegals have coverage for free. Such a great program. 
Sickening.
You're on it! Thank you
nice comment and you think you can UNITE the country? You are an uncouth human who will fail
Shumer clowns??? Are u for real? What an embarrassment. I feel so sorry for you.
Go Trump!
awesome pic :-)
please Trump pardon Julian and his family!!
stop tweeting. Press Conference is the only way I want to hear from you
bien
oh we are hip to u, and we agree with Schumer! u are a cancer to this country! please enjoy being the seatwarmer!
God Bless you Trump.. I have had to pay more for insurance then ever .. We pay over 700 just for 2 people.. On 44,000 a yr
Donny, like @SenSchumer said, your presidency will be a failure! #YouLied #Treason
yours will be worse. Make the rich richer.
weve got medical $$$$$$$ coming out of our a** from hubbys cancer treatment shouldve gone with med marijuana alot cheaper!!
Obama has such a failed presidency it's unbelievable that he wants to ask the Democrats to continue with his failed policy
BIAFRA needs referendum
so true. We went from having excellent coverage to unaffordable premiums and a massive deductible. Not worth it
I like your plan bett...oh you don't have one.
wrong
Donald, no.
Yes, Mr. Trump!
look at the insurance companies stop them from lining their pockets that's where the hikes are coming from
Seven "Shit Tweets" in the last 2 hours Donny? Or just a little constipated this morning? @seanspicer
You are starting to pi$$ a lot of people off, PEEEEE-otus. ACA saves lives.
IT'S THE INSURANCE COMPANIES..MAKING BILLIONS ISN'T ENOUGH THEY HAVE TO MAKE TRILLIONS!!! AND BIG PHARMA IS A DISGRACE!!!
Also, WAY TO BRING THE COUNTRY TOGETHER.
liberals are the ones dividing this Country. Stop being so full of hate and we can come together :)
put the dog back in its cage lol
it's funny the negative comments aimed at Trump here.  Unfollow you snowflakes, killary lost.
even with rate hikes, the fact that we have insurance is a comfort for those with children or preexisting conditions
i pay $450 a month with a 7500 ded for one person ....#RepealFastPlease
this is crazy!  You could bank the $450 a month.  This has got to change no way some can afford these prices!
its either bs or an anomaly...i worked there, never saw that high of a cost
this was a cheaper option they gave me but didnt cover pregnancy which i needed
first thing you need to do is appeal due to affordability and again i can assure you thats not the norm
and 750 a month is ludicrous unless you were looking at gold plans
- deductibles are nowhere near as the redicilous hikes and deductibles applied to Medicare patients over the last few years
If one is not on Twitter, how are you communicating with them?
20 million ppl who had no health insurance now have it, including me, thanks to #Obamacare.We will fight to keep it.
your welcome. It cost me more to give that to you.
It costs U literally nothing. UR brainwashed abt what #Obamacare truly is bc of what you've been told #factsmatter
what about our high deductibles? When your sick and over 26 and pay for your own you start to see how unusable it is.
To get decent, affordable care intentionally, so they'd reject #Obamacare. Pharma companies also had a say bc of GOP
Are you on obamacare or medicare?
Obamacare AKA the ACA, though the NY exchange
You are THE MOST DIVISIVE PERSON!
you've replied to this tweet at least 3 times now.  He won't see your tweet, and he wouldn't care lol.
thanks for keeping count! 
You're welcome, just reminding you how bored you are that you have to keep replying to ever tweet Trump makes.
he is just making sure that your Trump knows the majority of "We The People" did not vote Trump-he lost by 3mil votes
Obviously you don't know how elections work. All but two States throw their electors to the candidate that won the popular vote in that
@TheView @Rosie thanks for sharing-I guess all elections allow Russian involvement #noTrump
The Russians may have given emails to WikiLeaks, and they may not have, but one things for sure Hillary was a lying theiving candidate
Even the mighty Donald Trump must bow before the power of the 140 character limit!
can you shut up and talk sense??
because you keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
Have to watch who jumps on the jackass train ride!! Trump doesn't want to do it alone, he needs to have someone along his side to blame!!
Yes Sir and traitors like John McCain, siding with the Democratic's. He is why there should be term limits.He is a thorn.
This is sheer nonsense!
your insurance companies are raising the prices go after them
Do you eve know what your talking about?
you know that's untrue, it's the Republican state, it's working in Massachusetts,  we're it started.


Great!  Show us your plan, so we can compare!  Oh, wait...you don't have one.  Should we emulate you, and go bankrupt?
Why would you name an ins. plan that is a disaster after yourself?
You mean the Affordable Care Act, which is the actual name?
Obamacare!!
The republicans nicknamed it Obamacare. It's called the affordable care act. Where's their plan? They've had 6 yrs
So when Trump&cabinet FIX Obama failcare, then what else will you whine about? wan wan wan?
I'm not going to argue with an imbecile
Just like a Kool-Aid drinking dem to shout out a direct inflammatory remark when you are down-sized.
Following this asshat is a fruitless effort. He's so clearly out of his league. His ramblings are manic.
And yet here you are.Go follow Hillary,oh that's right, she doesn't tweet until she's down 2 bottles of vodka. She should be on by lunch.
thing is, just because someone doesn't agree with DJT doesn't mean they are a Dem. (I didn't vote for him)
So you vote for the other loser.
not what I said either, but thanks for continuing the smack talk. It wasn't necessary.
So you didnt vote at all.No room to complain then.
Jody - I voted. You're nasty. Thanks for spending the day arguing for not constructive purpose.
Just trying to follow u.U dont like him or dems and didnt vote for a loser, but you voted. Very confusing
in OK cost of our plan increased 100% but we were able to enroll in a new one with same doctors for 75% lower premium.
in oct 2016 congress took away funding for high risk plans causing insurance co.'S pass the cost to premiumsEVIL
are you going to let the Clinton s come to your celebration on January 20
TrumpCare must be cheaper and cover preexisting conditions. What's your plan, Con Man?
maybe you should consider paying for your own insurance just like many other Americans have to do.
Trump is rich, not in debt.
Self funding!
He's for the people! Not the greedfeeders like himself, believe me.
fyi PEDJT is in debt to foreign entities and commiserate with known eastern European criminals
such class from the president elect.  Name calling is something we expect from our highest office
Before ACA Sister bought her own medical 4 $4000 a mon & had 10k deduct.On ACA $300 a mon/3k deduct. 2017 up-$375. Whoppee!
It's what we get for letting a Muslim create a Healthcare program!!!
And the racist speaks up.
oh... and fyi "muslim" is not a race :333
Are you more comfortable with bigot?
Hillary is gone ,you don't have to keep labeling people with your useless name tags.
It has nothing to do with Hillary.  It's call common decency.    It's not useless, it ldentifies hate.
Also. Hate is just an emotion. Your name calling could be construed as hate. Ever think of that?
Hate for what an individual stands for is one thing, hate of an entire group of people is wrong.
Privatization will of course increase premiums as well as raise deductibles.
Proof?
They go up because they can; it's fine, it's a profit based model, not nom-profit.
As it turns out, I don't care.  But indeed premiums and deductibles will go up with privatization.
It seems to me that the increase was slower before the ACA. Your source is dated for 2010.
U may be right about speed.  Point is  private insurers will raise premiums & deductibles bc that is their MO.
Definitely, it is a business. A business owes it to its customers to be profitable.
People will need to borrow @ 18% to pay medical bills.  Oh, well.  More $ for the insurance companies.  Boo hoo.
deductibles were on the rise prior to Obamacare. It just didnt do anything to slow them down.
exactly why the plan failed in its attempt to be affordable.
at least the president did something to start to address the problem. gOP's turn. Make it better.
Both parties peddled plans in the 2008 election. Dems got the chance and failed to make it affordable
obama and the dems tried to work across the aisle and what they got was a flawed plan that now needs improved
Again, untrue. They strong armed a plan that failed in its primary goal of affordability. Had total control
check your facts
same to you
the massive increases on my wife's parents insurance are the reason they voted for TRUMP! Obamacare was a disaster!
That's the truth! That's exactly what Trump said.  It's a disaster.  Why would Obama put his name on it?
...thinking what would have happened if President Obama called Republicans "Clowns". Hm. 

Discuss.
His right hand called us deplorables and more! Americans. Yep His Hillary...We didn't care we like it! Go Trump!
is a very dangerous person. We don't know what he's done.
We know what the other criminals have done

Lmbo! Funny! Americans need transparency and honesty.  We did not get that from Hillary or Obama.
What deductibles are you talking about?  I have a $10/20 deductible.  Do you even know what you are talking about?
snowflake
Great comeback LOL
Each conservative has a spot on their knee that if hit correctly makes them utter "snowflake".
Boohoohoo...you lost? I'm sorry for your luck...
No hlthcr 4 plp means many will die. Many of those will be plp that voted for U and many will be kids. Do you even care?
O my! All hospitals will take in those that you say will "die".  You sound like you like drama.
ER takes them, many times when there is 2 late. In real life plp die without ongoing medical care. #WakeUp
ObamaC. is a disaster. No one can afford it and cannot afford their meds. YOU wake up!
Because the GOP refused to work with the Dems and created problem after problem. Now the Health Care industry is in panic.
My Obamacare plan has no deductible.
under ACA, HC spending grew at the slowest rate on record (since 1960).  HC price inflation  at lowest rate in 50 years.
like the Republican clowns won't let the govnt negotiate pricing. If negotiate, then lower premiums. U say u like negotiate
the only clowns. Are you and pence commy sympathizers
DOnald can you please send us a replacement for the so called (hero) mcclown and the flake of phx. They must go! Pls nebody
Trump please help us find a replacement for mcworthless and the flakester two peas in a pod.
Don't let Schumer get in your way Mr. President. He is committed to thwarting u at every turn. Make them change fillibuster rule!
Schumer isn't who comes to mind when the word CLOWN is mentioned. LOL
Your 'across state lines' "plan" is 100% useless and will not control costs regardless.
@KellyannePolls what is your "replacement" geniuses? Peeping Don promised it'll be great! #TheResistance #trumpchumps
: GOOD idea my favorite president
Republicans caused the rate hikes, and tried to hide it. Read the bill about Risk Corridor payments http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-obamacare-risk-corridor-20160518-snap-story.html …
YOU KNOW SHIT. ABOUT ANY OF IT. OR, YOU'RE COMPLETELY DISHONEST. EITHER WAY YOU'RE A SHIT WHO SHOULDN'T BE PRESIDENT.
Thank you for speaking the Truth about this! Obamacare costs more than a mortgage payment. Deductible is $13,000. #MAGA
The poor who had NO access 2 medical care mostly GOT it w/ACA. You still want 2 throw millions of sick ppl under the bus.
Simple amendment may help to lower deductible, is it government mandated program or not?
How about national healthcare and take it out of taxes like the Uk..and help our elderly be able to afford meds

Just how does calling people names like "Schumer Clowns" promote any degree of working together to govern?
Obamacare and the huge price hikes forced us to cancel it and take the charge of no coverage....not good
go President Trump! You have Twitter and a pen!!
that is what I was paying in 2010 bcbs of MI!!
executive order executive order executive order executive order executive order executive order executive go trump
are Arizona and China the only words you know. You talk about them endlessly.
it's not up to Schumer now.  It's up to you and Ryan.
I'm missing point saying premiums went up & deductibles r high: THIS MEANS THEY HAVE INSURANCE! THEY DIDN'T HAVE IT BEFORE!
the GOP replacement plan is low deductibles for plans that cover nothing
@DHecei I know I just used my plan had to pay out pocket because of the deductible. It's crap Schumer can go to hell!!
Get the insurance companies together, come up with better plans, let it go back private - no gov Healthcare let it die
why don't you act like a president instead of acting like a child!
Mr. President, reach out to all. Republicans, Dems, liberals all matter. Tap power of diversity. Embrace tolerance. Unity
The American people voted FOR affordable healthcare. A republican lead legislature refused to get it done correctly.
I would be in big trouble without Obamacare. You are the clown DJT...try reading!
Dad has no plan for anything to replace it but fuck it!  #trump
no need to reach across the aisle! We need 51 senators! Enough of Schumer and his big talk!
uh so let's blame big insurance and big Pharma.
You will have nothing in place that is better. Why don't you be specific? Trumpcare will be a "disaster".
I have been grateful for ACA - you are ignorant
it's really just another way to tax the working class,and then  they just divide and conquer, disrupt, distort, destroy
public opinion then. Big companies control the rates.
do something abt ins co and PAC $ to congress. +Az not using ex fully. Thx J Brewer
This statement is a pants on fire erroneous claim! http://todaysdate.com/trump-trashes-health-care-act-arizona.html … Idiot-Elect has a real problem telling truth!
What is point to have an insurance policy when you cannot use it, Crazy !!
I live in Sc had a H/A and Obamacare for wife and I $1600 a month , great plan huh
I wish you the best of luck with everything you do, Mr. President!!
High deductible plans work. Saved family from bankruptcy before Obamacare came out. Not all us can afford the best policy.
Why don't u just Fix the ACA instead of getting rid of it ? Lower rates u r self-proclaimed "smart" guy figure it out
Release your tax returns now Donny, show us the colour of your roubles
I like you
Correction: You're the clown 
just Google "Rubio risk corridor"
so I take it you will maintain coverage but with lower cost and lower deductibles.
Grow up Donny,  you break healthcare, you bought it. Utter Failure will be your epitaph. #loserinchief #growup #beanadult
let's hear the plan to replace. Not too many tweets about how to replace
wrong
this sham healthcare with 6k deduct.and $600 month. Forcing people to wait till emergency room visit necessary. Long wait
So what's your plan?
MY HUSBAND AND I LIVE ON S.S. , WE HAVE A SON WHO HAS BEEN ILL FOR 3 YEARS, WE HAVE TO PAY HIS PREMIUMS, SKY HIGH.
when someone is the color of a clown he should not throw clown insults!
, there you go again trying to confuse the Democrats with facts
@SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump my ins rate not up 25%, up 300%! LIED go down, 0 republicans voted, how is that democracy?
Charge.!.!.!
Let the lazy ones start working and the working class stop complaining....
it's not the plan it's the insurance companies!!  #stupid hero
you also increase carrier furnace 15%, are you paying that for me
@SenSchumer is an honorable man unlike you who lie lie lie and get richer by lying. You will go down as the most unpopular!
Deductibles and premiums are up because of disgustingly greedy insurance companies. They raised their rates.
Over 65% of the people opposed Obamacare.  Over 2 million marched in opposition to Obamacare and Dems still passed bill.
do you really think this is a first.  Insurance Company's, drug company's and health care providers are to blame.
President Rule # 16: 
No name-calling
ACA EXTREMELY flawed & needs fixed. HOWEVER, it needs to be fixed with a scalpel, not a chainsaw.
 http://money.cnn.com/2017/01/02/news/economy/repealing-obamacare-health-insurance/index.html …
@os4185 will they ever quit trying to fly the lead airplane of ACA ?
That's Arizona dummy!
My health insurance went up so much more before ACA! you are so ignorant! You don't care if people have health insurance!
don't blame corporate greed on the program. We need single payer nationwide system NOW!!
Schumer is quite an intelligent man.  Like him a lot.  People shouldn't be called clowns because you don't like them
hike from the insurance company. ACA reduces that to make it affordable.
such a joke. Where is your better plan?
#TheResistance #trumpregrets #Trumpgrets #ccot #maga
http://money.cnn.com/2017/01/02/news/economy/repealing-obamacare-health-insurance/index.html …
then you still have a coinsurance!  What's the fn point?!  HELP
You want to know who the REAL clowns are, Donald? Look at Mitch McConnell and @SpeakerRyan.
Perhaps both parties should do some tweaking instead of repealing.
all the none working welfare recipients need someone to pay for their health insurance
You aren't fit to shine Chuck Schumer's shoes...and you know it!
Why do hospitals have taj mahal buildings instead of puttion money towards patient care ir employees?
