Just repeal period. Don't replace one socialist plan for another one please. Keep govt out of healthcare! Keep only Medicare and Medicaid
And plan for scaling down Medicaid.  It is intended to help the poor, but has grown to include large percentage of able bodied middle class.
Very true Dianne. I agree

Please resign.
Those senators voting against a repeal after having voted for repeal in 2015 should be voted out of office...
Many are too corrupt.  Check their stock portfolios.Send in forensic accountant to audit their incomes. #Corruption
Yes they should do a full repeal.  The less government involvement with replacing it is preferable.
. @realDonaldTrump The president should just STOP constantly tweeting now & get to work running the country. Americans would applaud!
We actually would be mortified! Let’s let him continue to pretend to be president, shall we?
Good point! @realjohncall @realDonaldTrump
I totally agree. It's much easier to start from scratch than trying to fix this horrible bill.
Don't think dems will join in. They want this President and country to fail
You know nothing about healthcare
Impeach Trump 2017
NO, DEMS WON'T!  Neither will a lot of the REP!
Do better or quit!
@cxcope where did you get the fig. 30m people. 20 millions already in trouble with the OBAMA care. He's trying to fix the last Adm. shits.
Repeal without a good replacement would cause entire health insurance industry to crash. Your incompetence is frightening. Read ur briefings
With all due respect 45: NO, NO we won't!  Seriously.... this tweeting thing is SAD!
Please leave Health care alone and reform insurance companies.
You are so jealous of our @POTUS44  I do not blame you..he is smart,classy educated and compassionate..something u do not have idiot
So Americans healthcare failing is your option!! Really!! #pathetic
There you go again, just thinking about yourself.  How did that work out for ya?  #FAIL #HAHAHAHAHAHAAAAA
Totally agree, not sure about the Dems part. Keep on fighting for us!!!
By clean slate, do you mean no one left alive to cover?
#OJSimpson gets #parole and @realDonaldTrump is #POTUS. #Trump #Republicans #Conservatives running #America, #OJ may be better off in #jail.
Gop is gutless the people gave them both houses and you.what have they done? Reneged on us!
Hit em again hit them again harder, harder: REPEAL NOW; REPLACE LATER!!!
Mr President I'm under impression the Senate and House receive subsidies for themselves and staff with their Obamacare maybe you can end it
Famous word from you,,,WRONG!
When pigs fly!..your dreaming...wake up!
No one is clamoring to "join in!" your repugnant lemon party, fucknut!
Wise proposal
As always you have no idea what you are talking about!  Fix the ACA & make it better!  Do something for the people who elected you! #RESIST
If you don't repeal, Dems will continue to sit on their hands and obstruct! Only repeal will force them to participate anything else fails!
...and just what EXACTLY happens to the folks left stranded
 in that 6 month 'float' ??
Prez - Obamacare is a political TRAP !! GTFO of it.
Recycling Obamacare is like trying to recycle a pig dead a year ago.Too late,it is beyond redemption.
Donald trump we should get paid for tweeting #you should give me a job for tweeting I could be wat you need ijs
I think POTOS should hire Connor mcgregor for communication Director.
Dems aren't dumb. We're not joining in. We're reloading and ready to take our country back. This shit has got to end. #25thFor45th
Without masturbating the public the waste & mis-appropriation $$$ would fix needs & simple future protections of evolution 3 Times Over#Fake
And let the markets work get the he'll out of healthcare!
Just give it up and give the insurance issue back to the states. Govt has no business in healthcare. It's too personal for choice.
Why can't you all work together and fix the plan that already exists? What happened to working for the people, not the party? Trump traitor.
Didn't let them join the last time you tried that this year.
Why not just fix what we've got? Rather than throwing 22 million off Insurance Health Care...such as men  w/black lung disease fr coal mines
President, Sir, You must get sessions to have Obama stop trailing you to other countries.  First clue he is still spying, he knows where
Make sure no PP and no healthcare or benefits for illegals or dreamers
Clean repeal!  Should have been the plan from the beginning!!!!
Why do we need government healthcare? Will all politicians be on the same plan?
Hey Americans please help me to understand this why people opposing obamacare? I think it has a relation with demons
Thats. Not. How. It. Works.
महोदय  धन्यवाद  -किन्तु  चीन  बन गया  है आपका प्रतिद्वंद्वी  ? सादर  ---
We are with you Mr. President
Why doesn't America look at countries that have successful health cover and model yours on this makes sense 
So simple, you said. Will cover everyone, you said. Best health care ever, you said. You have the house, you have the Senate. Keep your word
Did the Democrats leave the country they are doing nothing to help put a new health plan together
Glad I am not that guy cleaning up the Aftermath.Hillarious#
Catch a head cold. Trump give them your Trumpcare now. I cant wait for the results...Ah hahahha! I just luv Trump Tweets.
Behold its now 110k fake "Likes" wishing that the rest of us DROP DEAD! To bad they just wished this for their families too! Better not
Trump "care" because American lives don't matter. Make Americans Die Again!
Why are they wasting money on looking into Russian collusion that there is nothing we need to be looking into hil and spying I pray 4/family
Republicans should be typing up your impeachment papers! Federal prison should be preparing your cell! #POSPOTUS
You think health insurance costs $12 per year? What world do you live in? I'm paying nearly $600 per month on Medicare!
Trump Translator: I am such a deep-rooted racist - I mean birther that I will dismantle a fully functional and expanding healthcare system
I'm certainly glad your our President. I realize the sacrifices you and your family have made for our country, and the American people.
since uve became President,some Americans dnt respect u
The president should just STOP ridiculous tweeting now & get to work running the country. Americans would applaud!
Sir! Please, consider my request on my initial post.Thank you, Sir.
So take away what healthcare people have now?  How is that a solution?
Keep working to MAGA. Support 100% for POTUS! 
Did you get hit in the noggin with a golfball ?  You seem to be having delusions that Dems want anything legal under the COTUS
Republicans & Dems should FIX the flaws GOP implanted in the ACA. Further should stop POTUS's damages to ACA so that people win.
We hear you Mr. President!  Let's all work together to make America great again!
Those obstructionist pricks will never join us in anything - they are all un-American!
Thank you so much Donald Trump God is using you dont give up i apreciate you alt
Mr. President, please fire Mueller and his Hillary donor attorney squad. They are trying to hurt you any way they can. Please!
I think he heard me
Make up your mind,sir!!!
I am disabled from Verizon Telephone after 16 years of service. So on Medicare. Been hearing it's going to change and cost us more money.
actually we will be getting a greater than 2% raise in Jan. for a change!
Start with #TaxReform now @realDonaldTrump
I agree, if they just repeal both sides would have to come up with something.
You want ruin everything that benefits us. Why are you here?  You're already a billionaire. What more do you want? What is your agenda?
I want you to follow the light and become part of the new world order and benefit from what we give out as members of the illuminati
What are you a Trump advocate too? You can follow the darkness if you want to be down with NWO. The light is following God not man. Lolls
Do you need a better life and improve on your leaving standards??
You mean living standards?
So... if I understand you correctly, they all should support the ACA and repeal Obama Care, because Obama Care is bad for the people. Right?
Careful there, you might give people ideas which might succeed.
Do you really think I can make people think?
@SandraTXAS Insurers can't be cherry picking which states & ppl they want to insure, they must take the good w/the bad.
You know you may have something about insurers picking some states over others. Warmer states have older residents, like Florida for example
What I meant is that insurers, airlines, etc allocate markets among them -so they can dictate rates
Yes, climate & other characteristics like income levels, age, & kinds industry, etc. R all factors.
Can you spell collusion. How about monopolistic practices. In fact by definition, this is racketeering and is highly illegal.
What's more, I believe they swap stocks & share profits thru interlocking officers who run things
The law alone promotes this collusion because the more insurance co.s  pay out, they more they can legally receive in admin fees and profits
America is supposed to be the land of opportunity but surely not for Healthcare. Other countries have better Healthcare and they pay $0.
What do you do for a living?
I'm  a Math teacher, Poet, Writer and Artist. I give back to the world.
And how much do you earn out of what you do as a claimed job?
I graduated from New York Military Academy just like Trump did so don't act like you know me.
I want you to secure a better position as we all do and make a better life to the fullest
That sounds good but what are your intentions?
You join the brotherhood and become a full time member and obtain a membership badge and enjoy out the benefits they give out...
Is this the "art" part of your deal-making strategy? Fabulous plan. Way to lead, Donny!
Please show us how to make America Great Again Please!
Let’s make America Great Again!
Yes.   The people will back this.
This thing the Obamacare thing is one of the most successful things that's ever happened to this country it's saving millions of people's lives and people are now insured I can't understand why you can Proclaim that this insurance is not doing anything or is the worst thing that'
No, we should just #repeal and #replace you #Drumpf #WORST #President Ever.
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp; work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean sl...
Dems were not invited to that party. Hard to cooperate and work together when you're not allowed in.
no dummy. People would actually die if there wasn't obamacare. Its not all about how much money is in your purse Donald.
They should remove cuts to #MediCare & to #MediCaid.
Compassion / SoftBank
The ACA was not failing. You & yours sabotaged it to hurt needy Americans! You are a vile, petty misery & YOU NEED TO RESIGN & GO AWAY! 
Do you even understand the concept of DO NO HARM?  Please resign before you kill millions. Resign, now!
Republicans and democrats joined in and developed the ACA. Now is time to evaluate, revise and improve. Get real.
yes...AND...........EXPAND THE PUBLIC HEALTH SYSTEM...IT WORKS, IS ALEADY IN PLACE..........CHEAPER AND CERTIFIABLY CREDENTIALED!!!
You know that you or the swamp can't come up with a original plan that's better.   You said it would be cheaper and better, where is it? Huh
Univrsal access to medicare ! deducted primes from each paycheck  or income by at least a 7% of the paycheck
First things first ! Prepare,edit or make the plan first then repeal nobamacare
Total overhaul of tht obamacare is the solution
Go ahead and repeal just let us charge med expenses to government
No we won't and you're saying so will not make that happen. I'm one of the 20 mil with no insurance come January. Will you pay to insure me?
Hospitals payoff their new machines off by unnecessary surgery it's all about money first then I suppose they help people but money first
Yes!!!!!
The only thing that is failing is you, Donald. Lmao
Herdat!
Its the sensible thing to do!
Donald you say that like you could just do it. What, have you been sleeping thru the last 6 months? Are you really that ignorant?
Repeal Obamacare ! I do not want to see another government controlled Healthcare Plan ......period !
Repeal Obamacare. I don't want to see another government controlled health care plan period !
The Left never mention the Bigoted Judges who made Dred Scott, Plessy and Roe the law of the land, why not ?
I started a small business in Colorado springs CO about 2 years ago. It is having a hard time  getting off the ground. Can I get any help.
@POTUS  Yes, let's push ppl w/ preexisting conditions to a high risk group. So what if it doesn't cover life saving drugs.
We r going to fire all @GOP next election if they don't act on  this now.  We r sick of fake republicans.
(yes)
Why #RussianSanctions , @potus?
Here's the greatest Opp. EVER - Congress never votes to END any Programs. They can end this one the same way through INACTION. Let It Die!
Yes
Tell that to McConnell
@bobcarskadon #abc since you traveled abroad if anyone hears you call urself a citizen of the world will you let Brian gut punch you?
Make certain that Congress has to have the same health care as the people. Congress has no right to have better health care than the people
ACA has built in, unworkable premises . trying tovmaintsin that, you'll will end up with ACA replacing ACA!
Make the senate and congress use the aca they live so much and see how fast the fix this mess
Make insurance non profit. That's the only way to keep premiums down.
I agree this was the best way What now can we still keep from the dems getting one payer socialism
Greatest ConMen the Chinese. Make you think there on your side
I have years of Experiance with those guys!
I warned you on the Tricky Chinese. They serve only themselves. Dog eat Dog.
You really want to correct the health care at a savings all Congress senate has to pay and shop for insurance to choose you puke
Spend some time having the VA look for my brother-in-law's records from Vietnam. He can't get a penny from them to pay his medical bills.
Yeah that would really help the American people.  You do realize your job is to recommend things that help Americans right?
They've had 7 years and still can't write something that more than 30% of Americans support.  Pathetic.  Sad.
You and your gang are a dumpster fire. You're like the three stooges but not funny.
Sign the order to put congress and all their staff under Obamacare.  Bet they find a solution then.
Only thing failing is your administration,  you can get nothing accomplished even with a majority..weakest president ever
So you actually have a plan? Or is this just more empty words?
Can't afford healthcare anymore need help repeal oBAMA care now
The "dems" will never join u in anything. 3 republicans just kept Obamacare knoin it was best for the country. But i like ur deams
It does not cover much, deductibles out of reach and the cost still increased !  We are drowning in Illinois taxes, please get it done
I could not agree more Mr. President. Praying for you daily!
Nooooooooo.    Bad idea.
I fully agree Mr president.
I am with you all the way.
I say if the dems want to fight
WE are ready
Yes, they need to repeal and start over - how do you get them motivated?
Agreed
We gave you the house,the the Senate and the presidency and you still drop the ball. Pull your head out. We love president Trump
I can't believe it did not pass... grrr all of the Republicans that did not vote for it should be voted out....
Health is important for everybody Mr president.
Again Donny got it wrong. Three GOP senators and ALL Dems squashed his dreams of screwing President Obama, yet again. How's winning going?
Or they could have actually been working on it instead of just whining for the last fucking 7 years. Do nothing, get nothing, simple.
We the People should repeal this fake-ass President, wanna be, and get a frown up in the office later.
That's a hard pass from both parties.
I believe that the republicans are totally unprepared after 7 years of Obamacare. Get it together
I have mixed feelings. Working in  health care. There are still many who could not afford ACA. And having huge deductibles and OOP
I agree with you, but only if there's a provision that people who are now insured, stay insured while a new Healthcare Plan is being formed.
You just want to pull money out to use elsewhere.....just say it.......dishonest
How many Americans will lose healthcare because of this decision?  Mean!
I agree with that
NO PARTIAL REPEAL!It will be like the horror movie monster that you can't kill it keeps coming back to life to wreck havoc!
You wished won't happen 
#Senate healthcareplan!!!! If it is good enough for them it should be good enough for the American people!!!!!!
I agree we deserve better health care with affordable premiums.
American people support our great president. We will speak up and speak put on the hypocrisy in Washington.  The swamp is draining
Dems are paralyzed with self interest.They couldn't care less for the people health or anything.they want modern slavery!
They won't President Trump! All want Single Payer!
OBAMACARE NEEDS TO BE GONE, NOW! IF THEY REFUSE TO REPEAL IT WITH NO REPLACEMENT, THEN NO RECESS FOR THEM...NO BREAK TILL OBAMACARE IS GONE!
How is that repeal and replace going for you?
