#BeBest
@realDonaldTrump and you are. You can't read
Was he dumb enough or smart enough to have once supported you running for president
I totally agree. He says a lot of mediocre things..
I agree and he has   a big head. He bought into the shell bobber for $80 K 33% but my bobber is like you Great. I sent  some to Tom Brady last week for luck and he won! Take care mr president Bobberman!
Neither were you
You proved anyone can be president. Qualified or not.
No, YOU'RE not smart enough to run for President. Just because your boss and overlord, Putin, handed you the Presidency (like your daddy handed you money), DOESN'T MEAN YOU DESERVE IT!
ts not about smart or not, just u r not smarx
you are absolutely hilarious!!!  Smart?  You aren't smart enough to judge how smart anybody else is!!!  Fool!
.  I agree 100%
IT WOULD BE GREAT IF HE RUN!! THEN YOU CAN WIN IN A LAND SLIDE!!
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough t...
Mr Trump, we support you all the way! Signed, the Deplorables
#45MAGAStrong
#markcuban said he'd short sell if @POTUS @realDonaldTrump was elected, he'd b fucking broke now hes liar 

@TuckerCarlson
He's not reliable jumps from ship to ship he should be an avid supporter of your presidency and ask how to help. To make our nation better
So true!
And, now we know you aren't smart enough to know when to shut your mouth.
Are you Serious saying this as our President WTF  He runs circle and Backflips around you IQ wise
problem is...Cuban thinks he smarter than everyone else and has no clue what the average guy thinks
Yeah but neither were you and look what happened! Miracles do happen
At least he can read at more than a first grade level and doesn't slur his speech! #TraitorPresdient
Stopped watching his program due to his approach to our Presedent
. Is he even eligible? I guess we will have a foreigner again someday . Goes against against our constitution but who cares
neither are you
Sir I believe you are mistaken as far as intelligence goes....@MARKCUBAN45 I have more faith in.
/7 Trump is anything but Presidential. Worst President EVER!! God help our Country from this corrupt & inept conman & LIAR
/6 Trump has been in office..6 months & will surpass Obama's vacations in less than a year. 
DISGRACE/Abuse of taxpayer $$
/5 Our Country's finest President, Obama. He was in office for 8 yrs. & took modest vacation (well deserved) during office
4/ Your VP, cabinet & staff are the Swamp. 
You deserve to be impeached. Patiently waiting w/millions of Americans.
2/ You are being investigated & for good reason! You are using the Presidential Office to your personal gain.
1/ You may be the President but you have NO idea what you are doing! You are unqualified, unethical, sinister & diabolical
Bullshit!
Of course you lie, a lot!
Before anything else.
It's about how you handle your country. Not about mind. Remember, not all presidents are smart but wise and think the country first
Clearly,  intelligence is not a requirement.
Insult Watch: Ooh, Mark Cuban is not smart! You hurt his feelings!
Big-time? You sound like a high school kid, at best. Your mastery of the English language is non existent.
LOL
his Excellency please rescue Biafrans
OMG, you child!
What kind of mature adult says things like this?  Are you the POTUS or a fifth grader!?
Pres. Trump reads Mark Cuban like a book.  It is hard to believe that an idiot like Cuban could acquire such wealth & not fix his ugly chin.
people should look at his claim to fame. Girls gone wild porn. he fits right in with the inside DC sex perverts
Problem I s you don't seem smart enough to be president sorry
You should know
@mcuban Is not the sharpest tool in the shed... Mark Cuban: "If Trump wins, the market tanks"
When asked if he would be VP for either candidate (a joke?) he didn't know which side he was on. Convictions! Lmao.
how delusional can you get?  Cuban NEVER backed you - he's too smart for that!
Seems Cuban is saying he's "smart enough to collude" with the Russians being what, smarter than Trump?
This family in Indianapolis agrees.
mark cuban an ESTABLISHMENT CLOWN talking again thru his RECTUM!
Agreed, He is also very arrogant and condescending as well that turns people away from him
Just another jealous liberal that thinks his two cents is worth listening to.
I know a person who worked for Cuban n  her words were his employees hv 2  B  Lilly white.She he was a big time Bigot!
If you can do it, then anyone can!!!
IF HE DID BACK YOU THEN I AGREE HES NOT VERY SMART!
in what universe did @mcuban back u? U insult everyone w ur constant lies! U REALLY think EVERYONE else is stupid!!

You're 70 years old, when will you finally grow up?
Can you make any statement without outright insulting someone who doesn't agree with you or isn't with you.
I'm pretty sure that's not true. Pretty sure I saw him repeatedly say you shouldn't be president and that he backed Hillary
@MARKCUBAN45 is 100 times smarter than @realDonaldTrump.
and you are?
Mark Cuban is so much smarter, has bigger hands and is ALOT richer! You're such a stooge!! SAD! Do you read our tweets?
Please! U have clearly proven that U are incompetent with a 3rd grade vocabulary! U are the one not smart enough. SAD!!!
Please act presedential and stop with the ridiculous feuds. You are the president.  Act like it.
: YOU THOUGHT YOU WERE SMART FOR POTUS AND RUINING THE HUMANITY ON THE PLANET. HOW ABOUT STARTING NUCLEAR WAR WITH CHINA
HE IS NOT SMART ENOUGH TO RUN FOR LATRINE DUTY.. HE SPEAKS WITH FORKED TOUNGUE..  THINKS HE IS GO GREAT.  HE SUCKS.. OVOMI
duhhhhh u dum
Stopped watching shark tank because of Cuban 
He thinks he knows everything insults president 
Trump
if u won, than he  has a chance of winning Depend how many peopl loss their health ins cause & how many other r dissatisfy
Dude @markcubanDallas intelligences is so far above yours you probably couldn't even keep up with a conversation with him!
we have a delusional lying president in Trump.
any person is better then you , you your family are thiefs
you are so wrong!!! Talk is cheap... please get on with your job and take care the poor people and not just the rich.
Neither are are. You won by the Putin putting his finger on the scale and you lost the popular vote and a traitor to boot.
You aren't smart at all and still not my president.
.   Quit now!
You're going to prison, princess.
Get a grip on yourself! Seriously. Do you ever sleep?
MUST NOT HAVE TO BE TOO SMART USA GOT STUCK WITH AN IGNORANT ORANGE A$$ HAT (THAT WOULD BE YOU!!)
we have a president who acts like a 6 year old!  My dog is better behaved!  This demagogue has to go!
what about Jesse Ventura? You know him well right? I think you should still have him as the main guy to "Drain the Swamp."
How can you be President, your behavior is that of a eight year old.  You are an embarrassment.
but yet you pulled it off...you are the new Maddoff
Clown Assessments.
AND YOU ARE????? ARE YOU EVEN LISTENING TO YOURSELF YOU SPOILED BRAT OF A TEENAGER!!
Is this true @mcuban ?  I like how @realDonaldTrump conveniently doesn't tag the person he's insulting.....
So childish! Mark Cuban is a true "self made man".Didn't have to use Daddy's $ to get ahead.And never bankrupt.Unlike you.
again lies...
He's a whole lot more intelligent than you will ever be and you know it!
#trump again nice try. But even something as childish as this will not make us forget about Russia. Nice try though.
#trump I wonder what other country's planning against us while you're planning your next impulsive unprovoked Twitter fight
Ive  come to the conclusion #trump is crying out for someone to take this job,  he realize this job is bigger than him.
#Pence you are @realdonaldtrump  #Trump right hand man PLEASE TELL him you guys are not playing on a elementary playground, he's president.
why did you blame your generals for the loss of life...when you did not even attend most of your briefings?
why did you blame the generals for the attack that lost lives when you didn't even attend most of your briefings?
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/top-5-tech-companies-that-offer-highest.html …

Neither were the egyptians when they enslaved the hebrews and tried to mess with god. Look what happened to them.
you're a putz......
Neither were you, but that didn't stop you!
neither are you
Why do you have to attack people?? Do you have an inferiority complex??? Why not just say that you disagree???
Well Donald if thats true then he had a better chance of being president than you
I think you are not smart enough to BE President
You tweet things a grammar school kid would.
he would do a. Egger job for sure
Pot meet Kettle.
something is terribly wrong with you
Lawd Cuban alright. I guess all rich folks got all forms of narcissism. Poor folks like me have no clue. Real issues only.
neither r u. u look like a carved novelty halloween pumpkin a few weeks into november
mean "He's too smart to run for President"
I AGREE BIGTIME!
WOW  still can't believe you are whining after you won! GROW UP!!!!
it's been proven that "not smart enough people" can get elected.
notice me spempi
he backs you. But you insult him? and that's the thanks he gets?
If he supports you, why would you beat down on him like that. Stupid.
but he can compose  a coherent sentence so he has that over you.
disagree with others with civility and respect.  You are 70; my 12 year old wouldn't say something like this.
insulting of other people does not in any way demonstrate what is great about my nation. Please act like an adult, and...
Sir, I expect POTUS to comport him or herself in such a way as to be an example of America's finest. This low-level...
So true Cuban acts like he could be a little bit mentally off.  something just doesn't click like it should
@mcuban Mark - comments?
We are not in middle school. I would say act like an adult, but we all know you are incapable
Mark Cuban is jealous as can be. He could never get the backing. Takes more than just being a billionaire. 
TRUMP 2020!!
I'm done. Lol
NY loved OBAMA TODAY MORE PPL CHEERING THAN EVER CHEERED FOR YOU IN OUR CITY
CUBAN little toe is smarter than you'll ever B he's self-made, owes no $, has heart morality real ideas NEVER LIES & U SUCK
Do you really think you're smart? Why can't you form a logical thought or a complete sentence?
You are the dumbest president I have ever experienced and I look forward to impeachment BELIEVE ME
Yikes, buddy. Even nasty to supporters, eh?
and you are?
@eapolega @RianKing9  I'm Praying for Praying for you and Y'all
@eapolega @RianKing9  God Bless You and Y'all Of the Family members May God Bless You Y'all So Much. I love Y'all So Much.
Agreed. He thinks success=sanity, he would be wrong, he has an over inflated ego as well, classic jerk.
WOW Holla. Where is Easy D when u need him
Did his daddy give him money?
Says the embodiment of incoherence & incompetence.
del gobierno chavista de Venezuela no e ganado lo que se llama nada, la ayuda que e obtenido a sido internacional +++++++
you're a sad, strange little man, you will never have my pity
sure! He is stupid!
Taking your words. Mark Cuban should be "honered", to back you. His lack of smarts is "unpresidented". What a hack he is.
You might be the temporary occupant of the White House, but you never have had the country.
BY THE WAY THE CHARGE UP SAN JUAN HILL IS BULL (bullmoose party)
Hey Donald.   Grow Up!
any citizen over age of 35 can run for president. you're proof even a egotistical bigot can win.
Anything possible in USA
oh did someone hurt you itty bitty feelings
Neither are you.
fuck me! If you are the symbol of American intelligence, we are ALL doomed
You know you are the president, right? BTW Mark Cuban is much smarter than you and has more money and a hotter wife old man
I believe he said he'd rather lose every penny he has than have you as president . Liar .
more like he's not Russian enough.
