If only Americans could say the same abt you. Fantastic job doesn’t come to mind when describing your performance. Pitiful. Petulant. Petty.
We do too!
David Gergen, Nails present DOTARD situation. NFL is not in top 50 things of importance. Trump tries to DIVERT, B/CHAS NO RESULTS 2 SHOW!
Bonnie darling, Trump can multitask which is probably something you will never understand.
Creating an America where we have jobs, life is affordable, we have health insurance, and presidents don't tweet - now that's multitasking
So let it be written, so let it be done. Ah, if only Trump had a cane that was able - or an able cane? Wait ... what?  Oooops, I think I just took a mini break inside of his head.
#FUCKYOUTRUMP 
What happened to Eminem having talent? Years ago he said thing worth hearing and was good at doing it.
Now he just sounds like 
Is "the Chief" what you call him when he tucks you in at night?
Thank you President Trump you are the best president in history!!! You’re the president for the people!!!
You meant to say, "You are the worst authoritarian, fascist, President in history!!!"
I think she said EXACTLY what she meant to say sparky. If anyone ever needs a trolls advice, have you on the list to call. Victorville lol
Lol, nobody is trolling. No need to get triggered old man. And as for Victorville, yeah I live here. Nice job detective. Lol
That it is and YOUR is possessive. You possess the troll gene. Understand now smart ass???
From Belgium with love...
Are u accepting visas from Americans?
Not #FakeNews 
Just a #FakePresident
Everyone thinks "Hail to the Chief" - & they do not mean YOU.  Kelly & two other generals R the only people stopping, PRESENTLY - WIII
Hey how’s the Russia investigation going ?
If your lips are moving or your fingers are typing- you're lying!
THE AMERICAN'S WANT JUSTICE NOW!
THE FAKE NEWS OUTLETS ARE SLANDERING AMERICANS AND OUR @realDonaldTrump  WE WANT TO TAKE THERE LICENSE AWAY
FAKE NEWS OUTLETS AGAINST OUR PRESIDENT AND THE WORKING AMERICAN'S! FAKE NEWS SLANDERING AND FALSE ADVERTISiNG ! WE WILL OWN YOU!
FALSE ADVERTISING NEWS OUTLETS ARE PUTTING AMERICAN'S IN DANGER
SLANDERING ! @JudicialWatch  @realDonaldTrump  @KellyannePolls

for the money right Now this is what's wrong with AMERICA ,NFL'S TAX CUT ,now the @nflnetwork  LAP DOG ,N OUR FACE AGAIN
is that even legal  to blunt put out there u will defund the @ESPNNFL  if they don't do as u say Master !
money is motive people this is truly all we (R)
I'm done  bk to New music http://hustlegang.com 
This John Kelly story is totally made up, he will not be fired, he will "resign" out of "disgust" #TrumpMustGoNow
Are you talking about the guy who called you a moron?
John Kelly has all of my respect for having to handle you, an erratic, irrelevant old man who keeps pulling his own pants down in public.
Mouth full of corn ??
Ewew...can't un-ring that bell.
It looks like stupid media doesn't give a shit about your progress.
Jong Un has been taking cues from your dictatorship
And not having unisex bathrooms 
Everyone is dishonest or fake, but you to hear you tell it. You are always right, perfect. Sad.
AMEN
This is nothing but meaningless grandstanding by you and it's obvious to anyone with a brain.  Oh, that's right, you don't have a brain.

When will you acknowledge our four green beret's who died in duty last week? 
Robert mueller is coming to get you
Yup....

Brainwashed by Communist enemies of our Constitutional Republic. Too blind in arrogance and pride to admit the failures of Socialism.#ANTIFA
Ah...All of those Socialist/Marxist Liberal Democrat Globalist anti Trump "Useful Fools" out there so dumbed down they don't know they are.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for lifting people up. That is something REAL LEADERS do!
Learn to thread! How can you be so obsessed with Twitter yet not understand it's most basic functions? Same questions with democracy.
I guarantee he despises you, has no respect for, finds you stupid & weak. He'd walk away if you weren't so dangerous w/o adult supervision.
I hope he stays- we really need an adult in the room.  We only need to read your Twitter  to understand just how hard his job is.
.General Kelly is going to fall on the grenade for the team.
He needs to swallow Trump phone whole.

Honestly if I were #generalkelly I would want to disassociate myself from you
I heard #GeneralKelly might not let you dine at Mar-a-Lago any more. Bummer! #AdultDaycare
He babysits a 70 year old for a living. That has to be super fulfilling.

He is babysitting a fucking moron

The only people that are doing a fantastic job is our FANTASTIC MEDIA who're reporting on your crimes and failures daily.  #TrumpIsUnfit
..YOU FIRE ANYBODY THAT CALLS YOU A BAD NAME AND TAKES YOUR LUNCH MONEY YA BIG BABY
IGNORE THE #FAKENEWS. IT wont stop anyway. NOW go and fix tax proposals so SENIORS can DEDUCT DIVIDENDS at LOWEST RATE NOT 20%++
Donnie you are the most dishonest president in the history of the US #25thAmendmentNow before millions die #RussiaGate #MuellerTime
The #fakenewsmedia continually spews these lies only discrediting itself.  The obstruction will only help @POTUS in 2018 and 2020. #MAGA
Don’t hold your breath!
All I want for Christmas is that #nothingburger to crush all the liberals dreams.  #MAGA
You are only trying to distract from the Russia investigation and we all know it. You need to resign now!
The liberal media is dead to me. What’s really sad is that we have to find out the truth from organizations such as Wikileaks
Nice if you did your job instead of lying constantly . Not fooling anyone but yourself .
The whole world is laughing at the US because of Trump, keep up the good work entertaining us, we al need a good laugh now and then,
How many "D's" are in the word little?
No.
Media not dishonest Trump you are Ask women out your multiple married Yvette Anne Marion handfield Honorable us army Canadian citizen forced
Everybody so butthurt because now we've got a president who's keeping his promises. Build the wall nuke North Korea.
Liar and traitor.  Your time is about up.
Naw. The dishonest media was just indicating that you fire people willy-nilly. Hope you feel better now that I've explained this, sir.

Save Biafran now Donald Trump. Remember injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere. Biafrans will stand with the USA at all time if helped.
Till it sticks. @potus
Don't forget!   Eminem is around!
He'll probably quit before he's fired
@EdKrassen why does it bother u so much if @realDonaldTrump mentions FAKE NEWS? They DO lie alot and sometimes ruin a person's reputation.
Most people were saying he was going to Quit, not that you would fire him.
It's just a matter of time. Paranoid , Schizophrenic wanna-be Hitler. You don't know what the 25th Amendment is?  It's about YOU! Learn.
Speaking of dishonest. Why haven’t we heard from John Miller or John Barron lately.  You know the fake spokesmen you made up
The REAL issue is RUSSIA TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON-JAIL
Hoorah!!
I didnt know left wing nut jobs still cant accept our pres is doin a great job MAGA
We thank God for General John Kelly everyday.
This confirms it! This is your go to statement before you fire them. Come to the other side #GeneralKelly  we're waiting for you!
Deport ALL people here illegally and enforce EXPIRED Visa & Green cards holders. My kids are legal American citizens and dreamers! #deport
So... he will be fired by Friday then? Dummy
Yea, he has the day shift at the adult care center
Go after fake news, their sponsors, Twitter etc like you did the NFL. We are sick and tired of this. MAGA totally.
What is the " Justice " department doing?  Give them a to do list and get started on amending the first amendment to stop the lies!
Because he serves you, he is a complete traitor to the uniform he has worn.  Send him to jail with you.
Every. Single. Day.
YEAH!!  General Kelly is the greatest babysitter and day care operator ever!

Sure has been less leaks since his arrival
As we know, if there’s nothing happening the fake news will fabricate! I just ignore the sorry’s!
Yup!
Gen Kelly, Tillerson & Mattis are the ones protecting our country from MORON DON ! Trump is a danger to America ... MAGA IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!
GO TRUMP SUPPORT HANNITY   BUILD THE WALL CUT TAXES MAGA DRAIN THE SWAMP REPEAL OBAMACARE DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD NO IRAN DEAL
It's terrible that so much lying in the word and people that don't appreciate our great president..
Look in mirror for dishonesty! Lying phony conman crook @POTUS. @nytimes @TheLastWord @billmaher @washingtonpost @SenateGOP @MSNBC @FoxNews


#FireSessions
#FireSessions FBI COVER-UP #LoisLerner
#FireSessions
#FireSessions
#FireSessions
#FireSessions
Is DOJ hiding budget info for the Mueller investigation because taxpayers &Congress would be outraged by its cost?
http://jwatch.us/3Eq6n3  
i'm still waitin on the reply to @Eminem
So. Doomed.
Oh good. The babysitter in the daycare is managing the lying puppet. If you fire him, your ship will sink. If he resigns, you're screwed.
Sup Mr Donald Trump How Far With Your deportation Nu
No its not
Sooo, you're saying his time is short then?? As we all know, NO TRUTH COMES FROM YOUR LIPS, & you CANNOT BE TRUSTED. It would probably be a GOOD thing if he resigned...if for no other reason than to save his reputation!! RESIGN LIAR!! #TRUMPISACOWARD
Mr President this is one retired Master Sergeant that’s got your back!
Seriously. Do you have nothing better to do????
He can't keep your craziness under control.
@realDonaldTrump Trump Cabinet: How do you use the number 25 to change the number 45 into 46? This is a timed test.
Hey @jaketapper and @CNN, just case your "sources" didn't provide this information, here ya go!
Please  president Sir give me may reward amount 50 million dollars
Absolutely right Mr. President media is going to be more untrustworthy by its fake news, Indian media most fake news maker in the world.
If that's true, just ignore the news.
If he was doing a fantastic job, he could get you TO SHUT UP!
Well he is running a day care and u r the biggest brat of them all #impeach
We LOVE that a general is keeping you in line. Too bad he can't keep you from tweeting crazy shit! #DotardDon #ImpeachTrump

The “fake news” has successfully reported on all of your fired and resigned “colleagues”. Sounds to me like ur the phony.
Hahaha. #GeneralKelly is so sick of babysitting our orange baboon. He d/n want his name dishonored forever by assoc. He's one diaper change away from leaving.
Thou protests too much
Major job loss fking liar
It's the us usual,tiring,crap from the frantic left still trying to win the 2016 election and somehow ligitimize their pitiful existence.
LOL! You honestly think anything you say or tweet will be believed by anyone other than your dwindling gang of followers? Sad, Bigly sad.
You know what would be fantastic for the USA? YOU RESIGNING!!! #ImpeachTrumpNow
No. We said he would quit. You can’t fire him any more than Mueller. You are out of options. Bannon has ruined it for you.  #Loser
This is TRUTH
What
YOUR REDICULOUS
After fired shouldn't there be ? or !.......!!!
You know who constantly claimed the media was fake news HITLER. You're just as demonic
owned by Eminem America seeing you orange ass for what it is .....
John Kelly is the only one I have respect for. He is able to (kind of) reign you in. I'm glad you're not going to fire him. However I hate u

It's always about you isn't it?
JOHN KELLY FOR PRESIDENT!
NOW!
I believe that the stories about Kelly leaving the WH involve him walking briskly out the door to protect his sanity and reputation. Not much about you firing him.
If you have to get on there and say you're not firing someone if I were them I certainly would be worried about my job.
@washingtonpost Ooooooo...Now we're on pins and needles waiting for the truth. #Liar #Privateer #Traitor
We are so fed up with lying fake news media 
Ever time you say this the person in question is gone a few weeks later. Sorry, General Kelly, it was nice knowing you.
"Liddle Hands" Dotard Donald Trump should stop watching the news and get to work.
#PoorMelania #TrumpRussia #LuckyMichelle #MAGA
Media Give Trump Most Negative Presidential Coverage in 25 Years
Uh huh, Kelly's doing such a fantastic job U  kicked him off Air Force One last week! We're not buying the B.S. UR desperately trying 2 sell
Keep speaking to us Mr. President. The freakout on the left from every single tweet means it is working. #ThankYou #MAGA
Believe me, no one wants him gone. We are begging him to stay. He schedules the other day care workers and keeps them in line.
Do you just believe everything he says?
Huh? Who? Me? Who do I believe? The toddler in chief? The orange disaster? President pussy Grabber?
Cynthia, honest question. What's your thoughts on Weinstein, and that 3/4 if Hollywood knew, but did nothing?
And for these actresses, then very young, I think he thought he could do “whatever” because “when you’re a star, they let you do it..”
Once again nice talking to you, and have a nice night.
I stay following you in WWE  sory you was so funny 

You are dishonest stop talking trash not what we want
Shut up
We love him!
LOL
Stop acting like you're in junior high. Grow up. You're supposed to be somebody important and we're supposed to respect you. WTF!
Pining for the brief tenure of William Henry Harrison- 32 days as president.   way better than Trump
Can we get a real president please?!
Double-fucking worst president
