Trump doesn't realize it yet but he too will be erased from our history once shortly out. He will simply be a footnote: U.S. Worst President
No, Obama was, without a doubt.

Donald! Washington and Jefferson did not go to war against the U.S. (in order to keep their slaves!). Big difference!
Most confederate soldiers were drafted they didn't have a choice they were  poor and didn't own slaves!

 http://www.wtv-zone.com/civilwar/condraft.html …
Its beside the point its history its in your history books so that the young can learn how thier once great country used to be before Obama
Obama was a much better President then Trump could EVER hope to be
BWAHAHAHA!
Such an intelligent reply.....not
Because you made an unintelligent reply.....yes
I don't make unintelligent replies
Bannon  GorkaMiller  TRUMP . #ImpeachTrump
...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson?...
Here's clue. Confederate history IS NOT American History. Honestly, the REAL President of the UNITED STATES would know that.

Snoops true: tens of thousands of whites were transported on British slave ships like cargo bound for America
Where were the whites from?
England, http://british.you  name it.
Only a small minded person would make that leap. And you're just the small minded man for the job. Hey! Did you see John Kelly grimace?
They were created to remind black folks they are second class citizens
I like folks that won the civil war....okay. He's only a hero because he surrendered, okay? Sound familiar Donny?
It should be pointed out that Germany took down all statues of Hitler,  Russia those of Stalin. No history rewrite, but no honoring them
How can you know so little about our nation's history and be president? It is shocking and SAD!
This would be a stupid argument if you were 7.  Stop embarrassing yourself!
Other than Mein Kampf, I don't think he knows books exist.
And he only looked at the photos in that. Sad to be that stupid and only get by from daddies money/credit.
Perhaps then you should lear old man. As Lee 
wrote in a 1866 letter:
"As regards the erection of such a monument as is contemplated; (1)
Are you really suggesting you can't tell the difference between secessionist leaders and leaders who fought for union?
You are undermining your claim to be interested in bringing unity to our nation - and critiquing others for divisiveness - w/these Tweets.
Don't be willfully stupid. Washington, Jefferson? Speaking of those two, resign. #PresidentBannon
Stop the destruction now please...
Exactly. So you don't get 2 worship/celebrate a lost culture that includes slavery and killing people bc of race. Go 2 a museum to learn.
I know we'll never be putting up any statues to you. Thank God!
We need to come together as a country
I'm a Native NewOrleanian..monuments to Jackson, Lee, Confederacy. etc gave me great hope & faith that our country could overcome anything.
ISIS just tried to wipe out all pre Islamic relics as if their mere existence was sacrilege. The book 1984 is about wiping out past records.
Jefferson & Washington helped build this nation. Jackson & Lee tried to destroy it.
And it's a @PBS Poll!
Slavery was worldwide!
Blacks owned & sold slaves.
Muhammad & Am Indians owned slaves.

This is Alt-Left POLITICS!
@vp
America's  White supremacist POTUS just can't help himself can he?  You are an utterly clueless and compulsive bigot!
Instead of using the nations biggest bully pulpit to bring unity, you choose to be divisive and stoke the flames of racial hatred
Sort of like "the beer summit" and cops "acting stupidly".
George Washington is one of America’s founding fathers. To compare him w/a traitor like Robert E Lee just shows Trump’s colossal ignorance.
Robert Lee & his Confederate army fought to preserve slavery, which Abe Lincoln opposed. Lee is part of a dark chapter in history.
Confederates were so keen on preserving slavery that they wanted to break up America. Their statues are representative of racist hate.
All of that is part of history but nothing to be proud of. These statues don't add any beauty to cities, towns or parks. Should be replaced.
These  statues are not civil war era monuments. They were erected in the 20th century to intimidate POC. Time to take them all down.
Other cities should follow Baltimore's example. All Confederate statues taken down in one night.
Agree. I hope Trump'a tweets lead to people learning about the shameful history of these monuments.
It is shameful. But it is still history. Don't let what happened in the past cause more hatred now and in the future. To much violence.
Go back to 4th grade and learn some basic history.
Hope America learns a lesson after electing comrade Trump
You know what's a better place for enemy memorabilia than a public place of honor? A museum

don't idolize/worship the dark past. That's why there's history books and education mr.president.   France dismounted all guillotines 
Washington fought foreign tyranny for our equality. Lee fought the United States in defense of slavery. They're not the same.
Nope! Your mom is actually next!
Translation: if these treasonous losers get statues I get one too!
Sad that our president doesn't knowfull history just the narrative under a picture becuz the full content of the book is too complicated
Leftists have a common theme of trying to control history.
Lee believed that monuments to the Civil War would impede healing by the nation. Did not want statues or continued use of confederate flag.
One thing we all know, there will NEVER be a statue of you ANYWHERE in the United States. EVER. We had a vote, You lost.
@tedlieu   You don't learn about history from looking at a statue, but you wouldn't know anything about READING A HISTORY book, either.
You are foolish! Washington & Jefferson contributed to our country. Lee was a traitor, & apparently you & your dad's hero!
Lee was going to fight for Union, but then VA, his homestate seceded. He couldn't bear thought of fighting against family and neighbors
many of whom he led in mexican-american war. Lincoln sent him a letter and Lee was going to go to DC, but then he heard VA seceded.
Well, that puts him right up there with Lincoln & Washington, eh? His "intentions" were noble. His own descendants don't want the statues!
I never said that. I hate people who try to turn Lee into a monster that hated the Union when he hated the confederacy
Only reason he led confederacy was because he led northern virginia army until he was later made commander
He isnt anywhere near Washington, but Lee did nothing but plead for unity and kindness towards towards the north
Post war
Right on!
Hopefully, we'll change history by impeaching you.
Two words: Fort Sumter
Two more: Traitorous Secessionists
2 more: Attacked America
Beautiful statues?
Not to patriots

The Monuments Must Go
1 word      democrats
And ...
Can't learn from it by ignoring its atrocities. Slavery & Confederates that fought to maintain it should not be revered
Waw Mr President I love u from my hrt!!!
And once again POTUS is right again
And we all know this is a cover up on the slavery issue crap what bout a blck man that was a slave owner and sold slaves
Couldn't agree MORE!!!!
what do *you* learn from glorifying traitors, Mr. President?
We don't want to promote more racism and hate.
Rude of you to deface a founding father painting like that! Acting like Children once again. Shame on you!
Some coward in Barcelona drives into a crowd&is labeled a terrorist. But some Nazi in VA does the same he's associated w/ "many good ppl."
He said all sides were to blame
With "many good ppl on both sides." I don't consider Nazis or Nazi associates good ppl.
Not everyone who wanted the statue to stay were white supremists. Good people CAN have a different opinion about preserving USA history
Good people were marching chanting anti-Semitic sentences.  Pure evil.
He never said good people were chanting anti-Semitic chants.
How are there "good people on both sides" if one side is Nazis?
There were people there peacefully protesting the Nazis that had nothing to do with ANTFA.
Political Correctness has gone bonkers! Please don't let the anarchy continue.
Did you pass US History?  Do you understand that Lee fought the USA?  How do you compare him to Washington.
No we don't forget, but what we really remember is that he was a traitor.  He had a choice, and he sided with the Confederates.
If he had sided with the US, he would've been a hero for the US! And we wouldn't be having this conversation. Lee was a traitor to the US!
By definition if you fought the US - yes you're a traitor. Lee fought against the US - he's a traitor.
Guess what productive things the Democrats have gotten done since election day? Nothing they've done nothing but cry.
Do you not understand that the GOP has the majority in Congress and the  senate and yet Trump has done none of campaign promises.
And he has kept many promises. All libs think about is the wall and health care. There were more & he's getting them done. :-)
No he's not. Sorry. You voted in a man who literally lost his mind at at a press conference that was supposed to be about " infrastructure"
He literally talked about the infrastructure. The Press wanted to ask questions he had already answered. As usual.
why dont you save the statues and put one in all your hotels, or outside the entrance.then you and friends can see all the time
Because most of his hotels ends up failing a year later
#Confederate symbols/statues r a painful reminder of a dark history of #slavery n #injustice n should NOT be promoted, celebrated or missed
Anirvan you are the ignorant one.

Luckily they'll never make a statue of you. #racist
#IStandWithPresidentTrump & he's here to stay! Get over it #Dems #Rhinos #FakeNews, Get the people's work ! Tired of BS background noise 
LMAO!!
My family prays for you Mr. President. We know this chaos is moved by evil and evil cannot win. Times will get tough but God is stronger.
I'd think you'd only like statues of generals that didn't surrender.  #LoveTrumpsHate
You don't teach history with clay figurines,
Obviously your supporters didn't learn from the nazi regime, only you knew how to harness it's evil
General Lee did, however, object to the idea of raising Confederate monuments, writing in 1869 that it would be wiser
They were not Presidents! And Trump, you're next! Russian intervention to steal your position! How low can you go?! Congress will remove you
We're taking you down next
You really don't know the difference between Lincoln and Lee?  I do. But I don't know the difference beyween u and Benedict Arnold.
They were TRAITORS to the USA! Do you support TRAITORS ?
But if the Taliban taught us anything, it's that you can destroy history for current political mores.
I'm sure you would prefer a statue of yourself with David Duke
@themadsloth
Your tiny wiener.
You can't change history and what has happened in the past. You can change what will.

Or you can make up lies, oh wait, that is what you do.
Racist-in-Chief. #ImpeachTrump
It's very sad and unbelievable what's going on in this country
If keep it up, we will down Martin Luther King statue
Tell me something you learned from a statue?
How to be really still
They were slave owner we know you don't care and that s history you can't change
Ma jedeš g....
By the way. Washington and Jefferson didn't fight against America or in favor of slavery. Open those squinty eyes!
people claim they know what they are fighting for: take a history lesson before you react!
He doesnt listen... He just wants to see his picture on the pretty box..
SHUT DOWN FAKE NEWS IN EVERY WAY POSSIBLE !!!!!
Many, many sides?  Only one side did this and would still like to.
Washington/Jefferson become the Hillary Clinton of statues in  whataboutism.
End this political correctness, tell people NO NOW.  Enforce NO if rights of both views are not allowed. Country first NOW!
#nobodylikesyoutrump
Simple test: Does the memorial/ statue honor one who promoted freedom & liberty for all? If not, they are not worthy & do not deserve honor
Ultra left reminds me hordes of young communists destroying everything in their path,  they were very bad people, the left will be the same
They why would we need monuments honoring their treason to this country and fight to separate the country and continue slavery?
PRESIDENT TRUMP, keep up the GOOD WORK. PLEASE RESIST the resisters.
Go over your history books from 6th grade, silly.
The purpose behind dismantling American history and identity is to set the stage for the dismantling of Constitutional authority.
A
what if WE THE PEOPLE demand the removal of T
Rosa Parks monuments and removal of all streets named Martin Luther Kind ....
Your next Donald
Foolish (and ignorant) is equating Lee with Washington or Jefferson. GO BACK TO SCHOOL. #FakePresident
what is being done to put hate groups (ALL) under control as in GONE? protesters? more like mercenaries, they get paid to destroy!
2 
Other gave us the Declaration of #Independence. 4th 0f July! RELee justly indicted for #treason fought them, and USA, over slavery; lost
Not you for sure. They name ships after presidents yours will be a trash barge
don't understand, if statues are so offensive why weren't you worried when Obama was in office? Just want country in turmoil, shame.
Put an end to them destroying them please
Ahem http://www.teachushistory.org/american-revolution/resources/pulling-down-statue-george-iii …
Nobody's trying to change history. History is what is. we choose to remove those symbols that honor and celebrate the evil in history.
Wait for 50 more years and you'll have another one hundred monuments to remove.  When is it going to stop?  Leave history alone!
I can't believe I know more about  civil war history than the  President!!! And I just Googled it today.
Ellie you did not know about it until today .Not too bright I see.
It is down right wrong. I can't believe no matter what you say your wrong. They are awful.
Insane Liberals.......with serious SCREW LOSE.........
A good example of History Lost or Hide Is Tesla generator &
Planned Parenthood is a painful reminder of murder lets close all of them and charge all with murder
REALLY? WOW!!!
Hey @realDonaldTrump think on this
Resist racism
GOP stop removal of history that do not create jobs
http://www.teachushistory.org/american-revolution/resources/pulling-down-statue-george-iii … it not the first time this happen.
History belongs in books,Often as a road map of What Not To Do,& God-Willing, one day show we learned something as Human race #inGodwetrust
I demand they remove the Martin Luther statues in NYC, LA, Montgomery, New Orleans, and all the other big cities. Don't give in to the 1%
#Trumpsdaddy w/a #Nazi #Trump is as #treasonous  as #RobertELee. Trump sold our country out via #RussianColusion. #TrumpKKK #NotMyPresident
Racism does it come from a statute it comes from the dirt of the heart. And liberals are the worst racist this nation has ever seen.
Too bad you're clueless to what these men did. Why don't you spend more time studying and less time tweeting. Could be a waste impeachment
It's like you want to be impeached.
It's gonna help the nitwit Democrats not feel so guilty about their rascist past
@realDonaldTrump can't even read and don't know a single thing about America's history but he is telling us to learn from it. Quite funny.
My thghts r y not put them n a history museum, if ur offended thn leave the museum! Are history is looking like a classified CIA report!
You. You are next. Buh-Bye-Bigot, Buh-Bye.
We are ALL learning from history now. #WorstPresidentEver #LameDuck #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpCorruption #moneylaundering #LockThemAllUp
These statues are a reminder of another.  A time we over came.  These actions are putting us back there.
Fortunately, there aren't these things called 'books' that have recorded history that you can learn from. Or is it that you can't read?
But you are a pro at making up history

Richard Nixon.....
I understand what you are trying to say and am saddened this country is going backwards so tired of this slavery thing
Even Germany has Aushwitz, History opens eyes. Funny last year no one was intimidated by Confederate Statues especially Black Lives Matter.
You are comparing George Washington, the father of our country to two people who fought to not be apart of our country. Ignorant.
It's about what it represents to the American people.It's part of our past not the future. #downwithhate #resist #loveoverhate #racismnomore
Did Robert E Lee surrender? Thus saving countless American lives and ENDING the civil war? Sounds like an alright guy to me
Shameful, erasing history.  Preserving history as it happened is not revering the subjects. Ignorance to the max.
Hey you are talking about Thomas Jefferson. Lets also protect the legacy of George Jefferson and Isaac Jefferson and Mildred Faye Jefferson
Just to be clear.  Both Mr. Jackson and Me. Lee died a very long time ago.
It's all part of our history good and bad. We all can learn from it and teach our children about the mistakes that were made
The good and the bad made who we are! The taking down of statues just prove how weak some people are! Our American history cannot be change!
The radical left is INTOLERANT of any ideas other than their own! Antifa thugs attacked rally with clubs to violently suppress Free Speech.
If they want to remove statues because of the civil war, should we remove mosques  because of 9-11?
I'm sure you can't recall anything from history about any of them without being prompted. L!
yes we sue can, never elect anothe republican
General Lee owned the property where Arlington cemetery now is located. His wife was George Washington sister.
