
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.waynedupree.com%2Fjerry-jones-cowboys-will-stand-for-the-flag-or-your-ass-will-be-off-the-team%2F&h=ATNkNbluv70yMtawCnnXRKwEKZhRLF7W6j4skUx7Y_14brFXEevzKLAnkaCSxikEArWybJ0LUQLUSWiD2s_2_IyfvtH9gifS-phemn1VGj2NqRRhfA67-zVD_DHU6PR7vbQIUS0EB7fmVYiFaAshS-EBLnOcGvP0qcNgckXueR2_AhKkKXcCJdYnIkyp5vQKBjPRPtgoV4gcKGuJfISeenhdtagoPxRdlyrR3ZMkSotesfGvwKv8CYknRs1ShAi24h5LFVHp_asi6wAF03zICAUP3wy51ZABH2GCiozE19I …
Ever hear of...oh...the 1st amendment?
Do you ever shut up. Not the first damn time its ever happened
Presidents should never advocate violence towards peaceful protestors nor call his citizens SOBs. Shame on you.
Go away already! You are the worst person/ president ever!!!
WH should change president.  The real winner, Hillary, needs to be there.
I'm a sports fan. I condone it. If your country doesn't support you, why should you support your country?
Did you take your meds? Or are you eating flap jacks, cause your behavior is beyond cray cray! #FakePresident
And humans should never condone the racist actions of a so called president #TakethekneeNFL
Americans should refuse to watch NFL games. That will cause a policy change faster than anything else! What a disgrace!
All Americans should stand for our national anthem. Choose an appropriate venue and method to protest. Support our vets and our history.
So Jared uses a private email?  How do you like them apples?
How about if they stand for the British anthem? 
I love your hair, where do you get it done? I've been looking for a new #barber #barberlife #barbarians
Hey pres...shouldn't you be more worried about help for people in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and Mexico than the NFL???
U bum, remember that an American Territory is in calamitous confition, with Americans suffering in PUERTO RICO!
You mean like this @realDonaldTrump ??
He is actually a #liar and #flipflopper! The #LiarInChief
THEY ARE EXERCISING THEIR 1st AMENDMENT RIGHTS!!!  YOU CANNOT DENY THEM OF THEIR RIGHTS!!!  DOTARD!!!!
Stevie wonder is blind, yet he can see how divisive your actions are to this country.
They're proud of their country- just ashamed of YOU. Spend more time fixing stuff and less time on Twitter then maybe they'll stand.
Please spare us your pretend Patriotism, you traitor. USA should change policy and extreme vet the candidates for President.

That's not how America works.
You should respect what the flag & anthem stand for i have never regretted something as much as I regret voting for you I apologize America
Thank you. It's not too late to rectify your mistake. Vote for sane people next time, who have your real interests at heart, not their own.
At the time my only interest was to not have another Clinton in the office to shut down military bases like her husband did in rapid numbers
now that you understand what we already knew about trump, would you give your vote to hillary if you could? or would you have stayed home?
I would have voted for Clinton but I think I’d be apologizing for that vote today also just for different reasons we need better candidates
personally i think hillary would be great & honestly if trump was a dem i would have voted republican no matter who it was. hurry up 2020!
Dude. Get back to work
Anthem is separate from R country stupid. Condones slavery, says never will be free. BTW were any #NFL players carrying guns& torches? #Nazi
The most effective way to put a stop to this isn't the commissioner that won't or owners that won't take a stand is actually the sponsors.
Shouldn't you be worrying about provoking WWIII, you traitor???
US should change president #howboutdat
Laat die arme man met rust, Rayen. Hij kan zich niet verdedigen.
Mr. President we boycotted the NFL not because the liberals think you wanted us to. We boycotted because they disrespected our flag. #MAGA
You aren't my father. Thank God!
3 MILLION AMERICAN CITIZENS IN PUERTO RICO DON'T HAVE ELECTRICITY OR DRINKING WATER, SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT SPORTS AND GET ON THAT
He still has to run our Country outside of natural disasters. PR was not bombed by an enemy that they need to be protected it was nature
So they should lose their jobs if they #takeAknee in protest of cops who get to keep their jobs after murder?
No
They are kneeling for regular people, not themselves. LeBron is a multimillionaire and some asshole painted the n-word on his house.
Money and fame doesn’t insulate POC from racism. Pay attention and improve the country instead of tweeting dumb shit.
They are capable of focusing on more than one issue at a time. You should try that too.
Obviously, they arent. The issue is a lack of respect for the country they live in & those that fight to protect it.
You’re misinformed.
Fox's Shep Smith: It's being framed as players attacking the anthem, troops, & the flag....that's not what they're doing and we're complicit 
I watch the news, If you recall, the original player who started kneeling during the anthem & his reasoning this nonsense is perpetuating it
Threaten war, rip the NFL and NBA, tweet garbage out to the public. Very productive day. What's on tap tomorrow? Ah yes the wall...
You should STFU Donny Dipshit!
Russia
With winter coming, instead of burning your @NFL  gear, why not help a good cause and donate the gear to a homeless veteran?
I had seen a pic on FB of some of our politicians still seated while playing the National Anthem.
You're a traitor and traitors don't get to lecture the rest of us about patriotism.
I totally agree.
Why?
Just shut up already holy crap dude!!!
Instill the NFL starts being American
I will watch other sports and boycot any company that advertises there
Your not dictator in charge. Don't u have anything better to do with your time?
How about when you have a POTUS who doesn't stand with his dollars and love affair with Russia? #treason #collusion

President Trump, please don't make the mistake of stereotyping the NFL teams - I'm very proud of my Dallas Cowboys for their patriotism...
The World is watching Mr PRESIDENT and you are a beacon of light in a very dark world! Thank you and God bless you!
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Those players don't need NO damn racist support.. W/O the black and brown players ..who the hell could play.. plz
Yes they should.  We are a free country, not a monarchy as you would like.
#donaldtrumpisaloser Real presidents should not b assholes.They should bring the US together and be a president to all. Not just his yesmen.
There r going 2 have 2b A LOT of new policies regarding asswipes who run for President from now on ... so we never have another "president".
Why did you dodge the DRAFT, you should have stood proudly, you punk asshole BITCH
Bravo, and Lebron calling President Trump a bum. NBA= next lge I ignore
, I love my country and I support all the men and women that have fought for it especially my father in World War II
What are the NFL players going to do next burn the flag I’m ashamed of them.
Racial Injustice??? NFL players make 10 times the money than the average American. Hypocrites!
Mr. President I'm glad that you're very patriotic. However I feel that there are bigger issues to focus on. Such as tax reform you tweeted
about
Our great President.
Hitler
1St amendment rights come first little Donnie, didn't your papa teach you that?
Real patriots #TakeTheKnee
American patriots should never condone idiots that do not stand proud for the Constitution. #ImpeachTrump
I feel sad for a country that shows freedom of speech by not standing for it own anthem Canadians would never do that think of ur soldiers
By you thinking that this is disrespecting the flag, you’re mistaken. This is us coming together to support change. Change to help not hurt.
Not your call . Thank God. You are the most disrespectful part of our not your country
I agree. If they can't stand for the flag they should sit on the bench! @NFL should not have tax exempt status either.  Change that policy!
About people, just yourself. America was founded by church and state. So, states have taken the Pledge of Allegiance out of schools
It's a shame many Americans don't understand there own constitution well enough to know that we have the right to kneel if we want to!
They shouldn't be playing the national.anthem before games anyway!
Brady should know better
America's citizens should never condone a president who does not place his hand over his heart for the National Anthem. #YOUREFIRED
They shouldn't  condone dehumanizing women or  wife beating but the NFL sadly grants plyrs passes when oppressing women.

Cunt
Bye Don.
@NFL is a business - remind the fools of that some point.
Hey you know Puerto Rico is American territory right ? You know they need help right ?#twitterfingers
Do your work, son.  Turn off the television.

Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Again,clueless on nfl rules
Americans should never condone a POTUS that does not protect and defend the Constitution of the US. #impeach45
To me it is an act of treason. Believe it.
Stay in your lane.
#TrumpRussiaCollusion #KushnerEmails
please stop. Thank you.

When fascism comes to America, it will come wrapped in the flag and waving a cross
Troll. Wanna be dictator. You don't get to decide what the NFL does. Immoral to even suggest! They use their platforms like u do with tweets
Commish says Donald Trump doesn't respect NFL  We should respect a bunch of guys who throw a pigskin around more than the flag?
Americans should never condone Presidents who try to use the Constitution as toilet paper.
Whose running the country while you tweet?
Agreed. I'm not watching the #NFL this year.

I just wanna know how many people stand for the anthem at home when you’re watching the game?
#TakeAKnee #helppuertoriconow Get off your racist ass and stop dividing us!!
Are better and real ly for us regular people.  Just saying its bad to kneel makes you sound like a bill oriely.
Americans should never condone Presidents that do not stand proud and support his people. # Puerto Rico is dying.
People shouldn't condone a president who should be in an institution either ...
Why do you continue to divide this country? Now, everyone is fussing & fighting over the NFL! Are you happy now? You get on my last nerve!
Boycott Superbowl.  Hit them  in their wallets.
Democracy fans should never condone a president that doesn't understand the Bill of Rights.
Citizens should never condone falsely elected assholes that proudly attempt to sow division, fear and hatred for their fellow citizens.
Are you telling people what to think again?
I'm not standing for the national anthem


Wtf
Our President is no one's fool.....we love you President Trump....
Check yourself before you wreck yourself
Why should people be proud of a country? People have no control over where they are born or how their country is run.
SHUT UP!!!!
The NFL is not a military branch, sports should be separate from politics so stay the hell out of the conversation

This was settled by the supreme court decades ago. Once again, you have no clue what you're talking about. #DissentIsPatriotic
It's. The. First. Amendment. Dotard.
the usa should never condone
an obscene cretin in oval office - least an orange utan.
Amen POTUS! NFL hubris,especially the players, but also, management & owners has driven a death nail thru the hearts of Patriotic Americans.
I am as patriotic as you get and so proud to live in a country where freedom rings. God bless America and our troops & freedom!!!!
Fuck the national anthem. It stands for Slavery Suffering and Death to Black People. It's not our anthem. Lift Every Voice and Sing Is.
I condone them 100%. This is our right as Americans. If you don't like peaceful protests, move to North Korea where there are no protests
need my grands given to mama and I need cancer to be cured. If I kneel down during the anthem will this help
Don't necessarily agree with kneeling. But there's something called the 1st http://amendment.You  criticize the @NFL but not the neo-names
Amen!
non-issue. A smokescreen to obscure abuse you subject the public to by denying adequate health care for all, real disaster relief tax reform
Since when is kneeling disrespectful?
HEY TRUMPSTER F*CKEM   DA OWNERS WILL LOOSE
JUST MAGA
LUV YA !!!!!!!!!!!!!
BLACK F/M TRUMP PERIOD YA'LL
#switchtorealfootball #soccer
Tim Tebow took a knee to thank God and NFL lost its mind. Yet this protest of our anthem and flag is ok really!
You need to honor the last line of the National Anthem: "For the land of the free, and the home of the brave!" #TakeAKneeNFL
Totally down w/ boycotting NFL. Soldiers fought for their right to kneel. More so the #ViolenceAgainstWomen & the fact that football sucks.
These fans say you are WRONG, they say FIRE YOU.  Soon, but not soon enough.
Sports players should ALWAYS stand up for what's right. If we go by your logic YOU SHOULD BE FIRED!
Amen! I'm with you Mr. President!!
Americans should not respect a draft dodger, or a bigot. We should change our policies and get you out of America's house
@realDonaldTrump  how many fans stand for the anthem while at home watching the game? You should foreclose on their homes or raise taxes SMH
Funny how your wife @FLOTUS has a campaign against bullying, yet you bully the NFL. Bullies do not make good leaders. #resign
Please go read the Constitution!
@JColeNC You should be aware that he also wants to boycott the NFL. Not watching probably won't be beneficial, but I understand your point.
It's not a law to stand, but you wouldn't know anything about the law would you.. you know with the massive Russian collusion investigation
So I'll take your silence on the Neo Nazis as support!
Why you disturbed our country
USA should change president! Forget the NFL and do your job!
I would support anyone who would stand proudly and pledge allegiance to the Constitution and Bill of Rights. Any other test is meaningless.
Why?
