The whole of Italy?
me when i realized my chicken alfredo was 1500 calories
Favoloso
@Leslieochoaa I saw this n thought of u
What have the poor unfortunate Italian people done to deserve such a punishment?
I would t they’re still upset about not going to the World Cup
Poor Italy, yesterday lost against Sweden and a call from you today...
Send hallo from Sweden!
New Manager?
You're only 1 year into your current 4 year deal. Will compo be a big issue?
Don't think you have enough experience to be the next Italy manager tbf
Countries don’t talk. People talk.
@i2Zaid Why are you always asleep?
ااججلللددد
Fire Ventura for being the worst Italian National Team head coach of all time
Bad timing, they were thrown outta World Cup dramatically !!!
Unfortunately not
Трамп тигр, поговори, успокой
Can you fire Ventura while you’re there?
كل خرا
Allow them fam! They've just been knocked out of the World Cup, don't need you rubbing it in their face #ITASWE

Tell them to spend some fucking money on a decent coach
Tell them to sack ventura
It'll probably be the bestest greatest speaking they've ever heard.  Fud
Don’t mention the World Cup 2018!
Trump to banned ventura from italy
Tell them to get new  football manager
LMAO
Just ask @azzurri to sack Ventura!
Please fire Ventura
With all of them?
Don't mention the soccer....
Next time just shove breadsticks into your mouth 
stai lontano dal nostro paese eugh
Ask them what they think of @PapaJohns pizza
Frfftttttltyyytyyy
Italy says "Vaffanculo." 
Yo chill
*slaps his together like he's a monkey toy with cymbals
@CandiceMayyy when I find an angel hair noodle in my bow ties
cazzo idiota!
You should probably quit your job (which means yes)
No grazie! We’re ok without u 

Don't do it king
Dear Italy,
This twat waffle does NOT represent America. He represents himself and only himself. And maybe a few inbred rednecks.
When your pizza order is late
Inanimate objects can’t speak. You’ll be speaking with Italian dignitaries. Unfortunately for the US, you won’t be dignified.
Nobody cares.
On a Sunday? U don't know Italians very well!
Is it so hard to put an “I” at the beginning of this? I know your incompetent but at least be grammatically correct and incompetent.
*you're
You do know you're NOT the president of Italy, right?!
Please, don't.
Italy doesn’t want you let’s pass it on
*imagines trump screaming at a map of Italy*
Yo why u got to bring my heritage into this
I’m so sorry Italy!
When Pizza Hut takes more than 30 minutes
Italy actually JUST cancelled
L’Italia non vuole la tua telefonata, grazie mille, ciao ciao 
Do you mean speaking “to”? Or are you having a conversation with the entire country?  Or is “Italy” some campaign flunky?
Little Italy?

Don't play with  your zipper or any attached bits, brush your teeth.  No smooching & NO hand wrestling. Pot yourself before going public.

You may not realize this, but Italy is a Country, some land with buildings on it, & not a person.
@Chessie5699 when Mom over cooks the pasta
You will be embarrassing the US.  That’s all.    Pretty much all you’ve done.
Ok great tell Italy I said hi
Italy’s number is unlisted & those who have it are sworn to  NOT give it to Crazies-In-Chief!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why the exclamation point?!!! Why?!!! Why?!!! Why?!!!
Italy is not a person.
lmao
Italy is not a person.


STAY AWAY
"A lot of people don't know that pizza came from Italy. My favorite is Papa John's, I love to eat it with a knife & fork & feed Ivanka"
"Mussolini was really a great guy. Really, really great"
Remember Donald...... Mario not the President of Italy
bless up
How they getting on?
No, please don’t.

Can u get me a large pepperoni pizza thx babe xox
Ask her how the kids are doing!
They don’t want to talk to you
Y’all get upset so easily. All he says is that he’s visiting with Italy and everyone gets triggered. He’s just making a general statement.
Because nearly anything he says is an embarrassment to the United States.
Not denying his twitter needs to be handled by someone else, but the anger directed at him over a simple statement is odd to say the least.
Perhaps. He could however choose better verbiage or better yet, have someone do the writing for him. He's NOT a good public speaker.
We have to remember he is not a politician and is very brunt in his speech, and I understand that is not an excuse for some of his speech.
He is now though and pres to boot. He needs to speak and act presidential. Not just for himself, but for the good of the U.S.
He's seen as a clown/buffoon all around the world. Or allies do not respect him, which is a reflection on the rest of us.
Not just those who voted for him, but the many millions more who did not.
@JenniferPMasi you listening to call me by your name soundtrack


@liamspargo
Hopefully you get the Boot !
Bomb them @Jeffrey_riceee @TravisLowther
@Taylor_Bologna does he need us to translate???
N iente ma il rispetto per il MIO presidente!
making reservations at Olive Garden doesn’t count
When Olive Garden forgets to bring me breadsticks
WE GET IT, YOU'RE FRESHMEN
stai a casa tua, grazie.
Try not to start a war by pissing them off.
Vaffa stronzo
Savage George!
What, like, all of it?
Addressing all of Italy? Impressive!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!...

Scary thought, don't fuck it up
Italy is busy today
Mortacci tua!
No one gives a fuck
All of them, or just the ones who are too stupid to see how ridiculous you are?
Just because you talk to your pizza doesn't mean that you talked to Italy
Impeach Trump 2017
よ
|･ω･*)((｡´･ω･)｡´_ _))ﾍﾟｺﾘ(´∀｀*)|･ω･*(^_^;)|(∩ˊᵕˋ∩)･*･ω･*)(‘､3_ヽ)_)ꉂꉂ(ᵔᗜᵔ∗)\❤︎/

Which Italy?
If congress will repeal obama care today, the democrats will have nothing to resist.
Did you at least try to sound literate?
LOVE that country. Dave and Jane are in Bologna. You should hook up. Chat soon.
He's incapable of doing those things.
Is that a Russian stripper's name?
#personification
@emmmaaaaaaaaaa0 me when I found out the specialty shop doesn't serve spaghetti with clams

botswana government needs to be attended by the international community
#verysadnation
Thanks, but no thanks. I think I'm speaking on behalf of all Italians when I say we politely but strongly decline your offer. Greetings.
Say good stuff
Please leave us alone...
Really? Try not to embarrass us...
Cool. You might think about talking to US citizens
Italy "speaks"
Miss Italy? She has awesome boobies! ( o )( o ). Youzas! Get some locker room picks for me! SAD!
You can speak with a Country?  The overwhelming volume of everyone speaking at the same time must be deafening.
All of Italy at once? Impressive.
Hii
To the pope? Who doesn't think you're a good Christian.....but what does he know, he's only an expert in the subject...
Bring up Communism and Fascism, that's their  history!
Hope u know italian
*mom insists on buying Little Caesars $5 pizzia instead of making real italiano four cheese pizzia with a garlic crust*
Me:
DONT EVEN FUCKING NOMINATE MY COUNTRY
good job. Italy s struggling with refugee influx
Did you speak to the entire country?
la dolce vita
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
#FAKEDONALDTRUMP
Italian govt hates you, along with the rest of the world except dictatorships, just so you know! Your govt is considered EVIL.
Don't say anything stupid
I spoke with my mom yesterday morning
Makes sure you use your big boy talk. Don't grunt "Trump talk. You listen."  Remember ur not talking 2 racist hillbillies.
Tell her sister I said Hi! #TheRealAnonymousIsBack
My daughter is being raped in you're not doing nothing about it you're f****** pissing me off. My daughter is 7 years old
Molto bene
Which part?  The boot or the soccer ball?
Excellent
You'll be speaking with Italy - the country?  Like, on a map?
How can one speak with Italy?
He's going to stand on the eastern shore of Sardinia and shout across the sea.
Try not to fall asleep
There is a big difference between "speaking with" and speaking at...
But we don't like you. Stay away.
Italy should hang up the phone when you call.
You're always in our prayers MR. PRESIDENT. May the Lord inspires every word you say, and step you make; every single day.
Ma che fa tu loc, statt ferm
I had no clue you could speak with an entire country.  Impressive
