no matter what the cost.
Well you meed arrest Jerry Brown for obstruction following Federal immigration laws. And make serve his sentence in Leavenworth to hard Labor.
They are left, far far left Socialist wanta be Dictators.  If Hitlery had been successful in buying the Presidency,  America, The Country I love and fought for  would be divided into two factions and Civil War would be imminent.
PLEASE End these Criminal Sanctuary Cities and States and start arresting the mayors and governors who support them.
President Trump please help us that live here in California that are against being a sanctuary state.
Take a picture of the Dems and I believe it.
After reviewing TPOTUS opposition: DANIEL 2:20 - 45 comes into view !!!
Ur hypocrite ur worrying about sanctuary cities put more jobs in the middle class help raise minimum wages for hard working people
yep
Those are children not parasites, human beings... must be you're conservative Christian values speaking?!
Are you pro-choice or pro-life?
Who isn't, to be anti-Tesla would be anti-modern civilization, the guy did more individually to tame the jungle than any other b4 or since.
Hi you
Keep charging Mr. President . You are supported and appreciated . Stay the course .
Democrats don’t care about people. They go whatever they can to get attention and power.

Yesterday a young African American Soldier in uniform was chased down by a man so he could inform her that "niggers" shouldn't serve.
#LiarLiarPantsOnFire
Deport them along with the dreamer/daca! Completely lost their minds! Couldn’t win to save their lives!
The ignorance is strong on the Left!
Remarkable Image 
Keep HITTING THOSE BALLS out of the PARK 
WE LOVE THE SPARKS  
We thank you @realDonaldTrump @VP

Wow, so you're not bigoted or anything. You just disparaged billions of people because they don't abide by your beliefs.
You mean “truffs “ 
Make America Great Again!  Bring back OBAMA!
What on a stick?
Even real crimes (like child abuse, Roy) are subject to Statutes of Limitations. It must be the same for this "crime".
This crime is ongoing


Gov. Moonbeam need to go to jail for what he is doing to California. MAGA, MCRA!
Dude, just do something good, plz.
Instead of criticizing everyone that hates you, which is about everybody, fucking do something!!
YEP
Trump’s ‘bizarre, volatile behavior’ could be from untreated #TrumpSyphilis
You are driving division. Start acting like a leader and work to bring ppl together. You are a right wing fox puppet. SAD
TREASON
How many times did u switch parties?
... and corporate welfare #insurancecorporationwelfare
@realDonaldTrump not as unrecognizable as our executive leadership or our country since November. Ha!
Trump is a liar. Sanctuary is not for criminals. It's for regular folks who are just trying to earn a living, surviving. #Trumpliar
you lost california. @POTUS doesn't care about #CaliforniaWildfires
Hard to believe that @GOP, who have gone so far RIGHT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for WHITE SUPREMACY #Racist
Bad people!
Votes, they will do anything for them, because it is their only way to ever win an election.  American citizens be damned.
Hard to believe you're Phucking president
We are fighting hard against you and your racist, elitist policies. You will kill your base and they don’t know that
President sucks
How can our California governer declare us a sanctuary state without our vote?
I love you and I am a big supporter but I wis yesterday you never mention Arabian galf it’s going to be always Persian galf
Obama nice guy that’s all I don’t think he made much of a difference but times are very difficult now so we will see.
This IS unconstitutional!  The leftist need to be detained and deported themselves because they are committing treason!
#pendejotrump #moron
I miss @BarackObama
Hard to believe you & Repubs have gone so far Right as to now stand against everything America stands for, & for everything America does not
Says the man thats so far to the right, he sees anyone non-white as criminals... #RESIGN #Impeach45 #impea #ImpeachTrump
No its hard to believe u still in office!!!! Mueller u got til December!!!!!
Sweetie, again you are confused.  You and your politics are what is hard to recognize.
Actually quite easy to believe ! They are 100% completely Running scared
JFK Democratic party no longer exists it died with him.
you need to tell jeff sessions to start doing his job. to start doing it the right way tomorrow when he is confronted about uranium one deal
Is that why you are ingoring the over 30 dead and 5000 homes burnt in CA? http://www.sfchronicle.com/opinion/editorials/article/Editorial-California-burns-Where-s-the-12278654.php … #UnfitToBePresident #TrumpMakesAmericaWeak
Not really #POTUS, some people will do anything to stay in power.  Might I recommend term limits and no back doors...
I WISH theyd gone so far left they were hardly recognizable .We should be do lucky.
The #crime here is that you wouldn't recognize kindness if you bumped into it. #America needs #Sanctuary from you.
And you are so far RIGHT that you seem to prefer we all just take what you say & do at face value... sounds like a dictatorship to me..
Trump, I think you should do something about the unconstitutional law in California that forces people to "say the right pronouns"
Because those are the people who vote for the democrats.
Sir, PLEASE make sure we   put LOTS of money into anti icbm missle programs! We need 2 catch back up, No Korea not afraid.
Hard to believe you have so deep and down.
you are a fucking idiot
The left is lost, its a party of disfunction
Not that hard to believe, if you think about it.
Speaking of LEFT....60% of America swipes left to that shit show you call an administration #DotardTrump
MORE FAKE NEWS FROM DUMP!!
You have created a culture of ugly character
A federal judge has stopped Trump’s efforts to block federal funding from flowing to “sanctuary cities” – those who will not use their own resources to assist in the federal immigration&deportation efforts. ZDecision was handed down by Judge William Orrick, 9th Circuit Court
It's hard to believe Republicans have gone so far right that they are driving themselves over a cliff blindly following one demented leader!
You know what’s not hard to believe? The election was a sham, lost the popular vote, were accused of sexual assault, & you hate everyone.
ANTI CHRIST
Its there last resort to winning an election
In Obama 8 years he has turned America into a lawless country.
You really are dumb aren't you? What % of undocumented immigrants commit crimes compared to other Americans? #TraitorTrump #Trump
Hard to believe that a human being can be as stupid as Donald the dullard.
A man who is single handed hurting California's agricultural industry with your policies
For the 1st time in my life I'm embarrassed to be an American...you're like a 12 year old only child...stop fighting with EVERYBODY!!
I don't think you recognize people who care about others.
The DEMONCRATS main agenda is all about them. They would much rather support and protect child molesters, sexual predators and rapists.

Resign
Really!!??  Based on what you're doing and how you're acting, who can recognize GOP values anymore!  Stop blaming others.
Just as bad corrupt countries, they are unstable, they have corrupt underlying issues like GREED! A lot of world wide corrupt manipulation.
Stop all Federal money from the taxpayers that voted America first!

Better than a PRESIDENT who fights for his Racist beliefs.
That which is unrecognizable is care for others. Too bad you don't know about that.
I have read they are deporting but I have not seen any in forney tx. I feel no one cares about us Americans, we are made to live with it.
Harder to believe that a 'fucking Moron' traitor is in the White House.
So ashamed of the Swamp.  Both parties.
Let em go! Can you say LANDSLIDE 2020?
Hardly recognizable because they've gone so far right, you mean. They are republicans now.
And the GOP has gone so far right that they make the John Birch Society look middle of the road.
Don't like it for the country, but it is interesting to watch you go off the rails into madness.
Liberalism is a Mental Disorder
They are so ful of hatred they can't see anything else.they don't even believe Janet Jackson.
Their corruption knows no bounds.
Crimes from NISSAN in Kentucky and Texas dealers not extending the warranty to 120,000 on CVT trsnsmissions awarded for 2011-2015 models
Hard to believe that you use to be a Democrat & have now turned into a stark raving mad. Thank goodness you changed parties & destroyed @gop
Put an end to sanctuary cities. 
We love you!
We finally have a voice! Thank you , your amazing family & MAGA staff.
Liberalism is about control. A dictator with a dung-hut is a happy liberal; as long as his dung hut is bigger than everyone else's.
Sanctuary crime Check it out.
Dems are neolibs...look it up....the are far from the left.
Also hard to believe- we have a president who is a white supremacist.
.
Take care of the black lady in Florida. She should be ashamed. Bring her down.
So far LEFT?! Donnie, this country would have to travel left for DAYS just to find the center!
Get rid of them and a lot of Republicans mainly Paul Ryan and John McCain
Not sure what Sanctuary crime is, but I agree that people are unrecognizable if they go too far left. Eventually you’re facing their back.
YOU ARE NOT FIT TO BE IN THE WHITE HOUSE! #hesnotfit #25amendmentnow
It is even harder to believe that you call yourself the President of the United States!
I suspect that you don't recognize much, nowadays. Try ginko biloba.
Build the wall. Best thing for our nation
Resign.
#SanctuaryCities encourage undocumented immigrants to report & come forward as witnesses to crimes by not reporting them to @ICEgov. Smart.

You might find it hard to believe because it’s absolutely not true. You have a serious problem.
Hard to believe that trump has cast a nazi-like shadow of hate over our country on race, LGBTQ, women & Democrats like never seen before.
Sanctuary cities must reform. @DOJ
#Bothsides #Charlottesville #NeoNazis #Fascism #TrumpRussia #PuertoRico #Trumpcare #EnemyOfThePeople #1%TaxCut

all

#WayFarRight, not left.
Demolish the Sanctuary cities. Who created them?
They are not really (D)!
Not very hard to believe that the Trump American Crime Syndicate will all be locked up soon!
If you think the Democrats are "far left" then you seriously know nothing about politics.
Thanks Mr President for your fine leadership.  Cutoff their tax payer paid funds.
Go back to telling your staff you hate them.  We've reconciled ourselves to running the country without your useless grotesquerie.
@RudyA591 I refuse to let my business service anyone in sanctuary cities.
They are idiots there city is going to fall ...
Sanctuary cities are the jam!
It's the GOP that's swung to the right.
trump is so far a mental  midget
You wrote Art Of The Deal, they should write Art Of The Fail
If I were you (and I'm definitely not), I'd shut up and go back to school, get an education and learn something about science, civics, and world history. You're as dumb as a bag of #Cheetos.
Or you’ve gone too far right and fucking the country over. Go use taxpayers money for war and tax cuts for the rich as the country suffers
While you’re sitting on Twitter whining about people who hate you, thousands in CA are losing their homes to wildfires. Your thoughts sir?
Tell them to get out of the fire's way Greg, Trump didn't start the fire but I'm sure it's his fault?
Just a month ago you were PRAISING Democrats. Off your meds again?
#TrumpsUnFit
US Democrats are not left wing, they're political centrists, if you think they're left wing, it's because you're goosestepping far right
Why do keep trying to divide us? Stop doing "us versus them"
Putin would be proud of you buffoonery. It seems like he got what he paid for with you. #DotardTrump #PeeOTUS #25thAmendmentNow
The GOP is working hard now. To find a way to fire #realDonaldTrump. #GOP
Maybe the Crime will Hit them over the head one day !
The US should have NEVER had any sanctuary cities! Period! Defund them ALL! Totally agree with YOU!
Now I want to laugh. I voted for you but come on Democrats haven’t gone left! They’re center right of Republicans it’s disgusting!
The problem with Dem Party is it’s too center right or moderate. You show your lack of understanding of Dem Party by saying it’s gone left!
As long as the Dem Party tries to appeal to moderate GOP they will keep losing. U know this & it scares u because Bernie can win in 2020!
This why you use the ridiculous FOXNews spin that the party is going too left. When it does go completely left u won’t get re-elected!
#25amendment
