From what's been released re: the tax plan so far, mine will go up $10-$15K/yr.
Tax cuts for the rich won't pass. Donny dumb dumb
Veto the budget. You promised no Medicare and Medicaid cuts... Or were you lying on campaign trail?
What about Niger?

#NAGA with you  %
A crooked politician pushing tax cuts for the wealthy is old news my friend. How bout trying to do something for the other 99% for once...
Male searching male? Thought Putin was your boyfriend. Oh wait... He's prob too old since you like em young like Tiffany.
Where are your tax returns?
Where's Hillarys emails
Tax cut for rich. Estate Tax, lowering of top tax brackets, cuts for pass through corps all benefit the rich. You are a liar.
Great job President Trump, keep up the great work, we love you, be careful.
Ya. It can be what takes down the R's! No medical care; Tax refunds for BB!
You mean the biggest packs break for you and all your billionaire friends. Dems take control next year and all this will be reversed
Would this be the MSM who you constantly accuse of #FakeNews ? Why would they NumbNuts.
They’re covering it. They know it’s BS & killing citizens. I say that as a prior service. I respect Gen Kelly, but the dark side is strong.
MSM and Liberals want nothing but for you to fail. Don’t have America’s best interest at heart. Keep pushing forward, we appreciate it!#MAGA
While destroying Medicaid and damaging Medicare. Typical of lying 45

Thanks
Google search determined that was lie.
Biggest tax cut for the Rich. It’s been covered & we know you don’t give a about the majority of Americans. Even the ones who voted for you
This is a lie, just like everything you have said about this tax bill. 

Everything coming from your administration turns out to be lie
You're as fake as your Renoir
Apparently MSM is tired of winning!  That’s Ok, keep winning Mr. President.  @CNN @MSNBC @CBS @ABC
Drop the reconciliation part of the budget and negotiate with the Dem's for real tax reform the kind that was blocked by Repubs for 4 years
If you don't as soon as the Dem's have control of Congress again we'll be doing this alk over again it is time for regular order in Congress
Otherwise every time that Congress changes hands what the other party did will be erased there has to be less uncertainty in taxes & health
AMERICA IS GREAT!  It never stopped being great, so how can you make it GREAT AGAIN?
The budget is insignificant unless you get your Tax Reform approved.
Every government needs a budget.  It had to be approved or we would have been in major trouble.  That's not an accomplishment.  Getting a tax reform approved that won't cut the taxes of large corporations over that of American's would be an accomplishment
But of course you are masking this tax cut for the wealthy as being a tax cut for the middle class.  It barely touches the middle class, but significantly helps the wealthy and large corporations.
What you are doing is hurting American in the long run.  This will ultimately create a much larger bubble in an already overvalued stock market, making the collapse even greater.  And there is a stock crash coming.  It's called the business cycle!
The Stock market has been trending up for 8 years thanks to Obama turning the economy around.  A crash is bound to happen.  Good economic policies will help make that crash mild.  Policies like yours will simply create a larger crash.
I suppose the big jump after Trump was elected was because of Obama too right?
Boring...........!
That’s great now maybe be the snowball effect will kick in and there will be more winning ahead thanks Trump for putting America first!
Please get rid of your weak and pathetic AG Jeff Sessions we the people deserve better!
The operative words in here were "rich cunt". I'm not against tax cuts. I'm against tax cuts for the rich, especially rich cunts.
The budget is "a really big deal." Oh yes, the biggest deal u ever made 4 yourself! So glad billionaires can now afford to buy more planes.
This would be a good time to #ReleaseTheReturns that you promised us so long ago.
Hey, while I have you here, can you pls tell me what's up with #Niger. This has something to do with Russia & uranium, doesn't it?
Oh, & how r your interviews going? Did you find people willing to give loyalty pledges? Must be hard not being able to force them sign NDAs.
So, what do you have planned today? Oh yes...need to  get our tax $'s into your pockets.
Maybe inbetween golfing this weekend you could spend a little time governing and get those #RussianSanctions rolling. #PutinPuppet
You ever heard of optics? U have a strange way of trying to convince us you aren't beholden to Putin. #RussianSanctions #SteeleDossier
Things are getting dicey, aren't they? Oh poor Donny boy. #TrumpRussia #Russiagate
Put It Down http://southpark.cc.com/clips/e9jggv/put-it-down … #putitdown
Trump’s latest tweet to divert attention from #TrumpRussia @nbc @cbs @abc @msnbc @cnn @foxnews @npr @cspan @realdonaldtrump @donkeyarguing.
Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
Big deal for the wealthy. It screws the rest of the country.
Will you get this through???
.@realdonaldtrump
Wish you knew/someone explains ev big tax cut is “largest” in history bec base number increases-simplified 10% of higher base is BIGGER
You haven’t had any.
You knew what you were signing up for, but I guess it hurts anyway
Are u press, repet entire content
Good
Frederica Wilson is a woman.
Frederica Wilson is black woman.
The two things misogynist, racist Trump hates most.
She was out of line, PERIOD!!  so get over it!!  It was her mouth that got her busted!!
#FactCheck #Resist #FredericaWilson
You owe an apology to all the families of the fallen and Rep Wilson. Most unethical, immoral president EVER. Gen Kelly is a disgrace too.
ur an empty barrel  2
Back at ya
Didn’t you change your name to Maced Alaska after Charlottesville?

Doesn't matter who covers it PRESIDENT TRUMP We here you..
Niger is #TrumpsBenghazi

And don't let him forget it. RT RT RT.
Pro-Trump 'war hero' featured on Fox News never actually served.
"People in this country don't take kindly to disrespecting the military"- #LaraTrump

Hey Lara, meet D. Trump...
Dem megadonor Tom Steyer put up an impeach-Trump TV ad.
It's airing in CA, has @ least $500k behind it. #Impeach45
Frederica Wilson, a black woman wears hats to honor her grandma
R: She's fucking crazy

Roy Moore, white male pulls gun @ rally
R:  Senate
Lara Trump, who does not work at the WH, says she read a transcript of Trump's call with Johnson's widow (at 1:14).
If these three thugs had been Mexicans or Muslims POTUS would have been tweeting all day about it.
Job welldone, we don't care who report on it.
Toronto Secondary Unit also passed our budget too! A big deal for us too! #tsuoecta #budget2017 #budgetpassed #Budget2018 #schoolyear #tsu
Stop watching so much MSM and get to working!
once a reality tv "star" always a reality tv "star" he doesn't know how to behave like a president
, Vietnam draft dodging coward , Fake Republican  trump you are a pathological liar
Like what?
He doesn't know. He's in a steroid haze. Probably got hit in the head too many times, poor addle brained thing.
It’s no wonder you Americans are so divided. You all simply hate each other based on the party you support.
Well, no. I make my decisions based on crazy things called facts and data not random babbling by anonymous fools on the internet. That and the obvious mental impairment of the current POTUS. Supporting a psychopath (clinical sense) kinda ruins credibility. IJS
So you like politicians?? Please explain why?
Biggest debt in history?
Tax cuts for who you? Your family? Shame on you. Once your out....AMERICA AND GOD WILL REJOICE!!!!
The pentagon cant account for billions & yet you cut housing & education??
At the expense of the poorest of the poor. Congratulations, you just took the term "fuckboy" to a new level!
It's not the biggest tax cut in US history. It does add more to the US deficit than any tax bill in history
Dirty Donald can't tell the truth from fantasy, how do you not call him on his constant lies? WTF America?

How are we to pay for social programs if the wealthy dont pay their fare share?
streue die 6s87d1aya2w44

I read about it in the news.  Sooooo I don’t know what you are complaining about.
Two separate issues and bills. Balance the budget, then cut taxes by returning excess collected to middle class.
Thanks  for  your  hard  work . we all Need  to work hard to keep you in the white house for 7 more years  .
So why don’t you explain it???
you campaigned that Medicare would not be cut. Liar. Done with you. No republican votes in my future.

You lied! You promised not to cut Medicare!
Biggest tax boondoggle in history, you mean. Funny how it doesn't come near giving relief to your unconscious base.
It’s a distraction from the real topic as soon as people get to know they will start boycott
Fake news!
Your tax cuts will destroy America, but that is what you do you go in to a place make what you can and leave it in ruins.
Mr. President hundreds of thousands lost their life to free the blacks during the Civil War. Why do they only talk about the south?
Will there be a keg party in the rose garden? 
Any tax bill should have a conflict of interest provision requiring the IRS to release the tax returns of the @POTUS* who signs it…Brilliant
Trump Train reports your accomplishments on FB and twitter, they can not keep it from the voters that stay loyal to you, president Trump.
#MSM must be scrutinised for delicensing. Their reportings are all 100% bias twisted to divide & push hatred that serve their vilest agenda.
So far everything I've heard about the tax cut would devastate my family. Eliminating 401k, higher tax bracket, no interest deductions,WTF
More debt to make rich richer.  Not a good deal for poor and middle America.
You mean a big tax cut for the rich 1%. State it correctly!


The biggest tax cuts means more debt. The biggest tax cut is going to do the rich people. Work class and middle- class pay more taxes right.
And if and when it tanks our economy, you and the Republicans own it all. You're out of your league.
You are going to bankrupt the country. You should resign.

that's because it only helps you and the other rich assholes not working Americans while increasing the national debt
How’s that Empty isolated feeling you fall asleep to every night?
That's why I'm thrilled that you tweet!

PATHETIC! They are covering it, showing what horrible things you are trying to do, but there is just so much other horrible shit to cover!
When it fails is you'll blame Obama and the mushyminds will believe you.
I wish no media would cover you. What would you do w/out ur daily dose of coverage. You'd blow a gasket & truly show your colors. End.
Yes it totally takes care of you & your cronies with businesses & $ in others countries-U R doing little for regular everyday peeps-SAD
You really need to look at cities like Columbus Ohio. We have really high property taxes AND pay a local tax of 2% of income. We are losing our deductions in your plan.
Waiting for the coming disaster that will be yet another of your worthless attempts to do ANYTHING
U know your a president stop fucking tweeting
The Budget had 0 votes from democrats, freeing slaves had 0 votes from DEMOCRATS,  like DEMOCRATS know what is good for America,  right!
Obama’s was bigger
Making way for fiscally responsible Democrats in 2018
MSN hasn't covered it?
For you! Doesn't do a thing for me , a middle clss citizen.
Day after day you continue to hurt everyday hard working ppl with your #LIES Sad!
Those tax cuts will kill this country.
Because it won’t pass. Everything you touch turns to shit, #OrangeMidas
Yeah, the MSM should be talking about the bills you are passing on to our grandkids, how irresponsible can you be?!!  Big Time Irresponsible
Repeal this Act - it authorizes fake news https://www.congress.gov/bill/112th-congress/house-bill/5736 …
Guess who isn't golfing this weekend?? MUELLER!!!!
Just report it yourself then and no need to tell us what MSM covers.
Good Job  !
just wait, the Dems will say its for the rich but us people only making $20'000 yr.(over half the pop.) will actually get a break
Because it’s going to rake most of the country over the coals; but you only care about rich white people you pig.
Giant deficit you will take credit for as well right. How proud you will be when the crap hits the fan. House in Russia ready?
Tax cuts would be helpful for hard working Americans. Ok for big business - IF - they use the $$ to create jobs. No need to do anything...
You need to stick to a 15 percent corporate tax 20 still keeps us higher then other nations! Don't give into the GOP DEM bull shit!
While they go home,quickly do their computations and secretly rejoice. They are nothing but immature haters. We don't watch or care anymore.

Good thing.  If you can’t say something nice....   MSM should stop saying.
#explodingfederaldebt
About time we have a President that cares about the People of this country and not a President who cares about The Good Old Boys.
You have no idea how government works, do you?
Biggest Tax Cut for the Wealthy not middle America, you are ruining this country
Let's make it happen 4K a yr added income to working family's .
How will the little guy benefit? Oh yeah you forgot the little guy! 
Go rich people! Sorry the rest.
Thank you so proud of your hard work.
For the Rich and sucking the life out of the poor and middle class. Bet your supporters will love this when everything is taken from them.
Oooh, yay!!! A tax cut for those who need it least...you and your ilk.
#libertarian lol You're nothing but #cheap #costumejewlery #BOZO
http://dz4link.com/GfB2Sl  .....
Why should we believe you on tax cuts when you still haven't released your tax returns? Where are they? What are you hiding? #TrumpRussia
MSM are tanked Mr President. Americans don’t do cults. #MAGA



Donald Trump is a fake president and a liar him and his cohorts lie to the American people they have no credibility
They reported it balloons the deficit from $44 billion last year under Obama to $666 billion under YOU.
Tea Party w/b pissed.
#MAGA? #2A
Obama got the budget deficit under control. Now you're blowing it up, adding trillions to our national debt!
Irresponsible!
#MAGA? #tcot #2A

Biggest tax cut for you and your cronies, not for middle- and lower-class Americans, just as you wanted.
Tax cuts for your grifter pals.

You mean this tax cut!
Love Trump. Forget fake news, no one watches.
We the People s you because you're our earthly n real America's President after RONNIE, others were ALIENS to this planet. #MAGA 
You are so impressed with yourself!
The MSM wants the sheep to be uninformed.  They want you to fail.  Don’t worry; those who aren’t sheep see your perseverance & dedication.
Fake News will get theirs  Karma's a bitch . They will all  in H___   All "TRUE AMERICANS" will look down &Haters MAGA
You mean the largest deficit in history?

How do you know if they covered it or not? Your watching fake Fox News.
From our really big lier!


Msm hasnt said anything about the uranium deal either.
It’s the biggest and the best! Like everything he talks about. He makes history everyday.
Anything in there for Puerto Rico?
Tax cut for you and the rich! How about us average people?! You suck!
If the majority of Americans really did support Trump the MSM would not be mainstream, but they don't. So get over It
What about the debt??
Sure on the backs of U.S. Seniors. Cuts to Medicare and Medicaid, DISGRACEFUL. You should be ashamed of Yourself.
Go sit at the desk with you coloring book & let the adults do their jobs. Bitching about the press is getting boring. You're very limited.
Because its part of the #TrumpTaxScam!!!
because it's not a tax cut.
#UraniumOne period!
You are waking the world  up regarding the corrupt media and politicians. God bless you.
You are a Fool Mr. Trump
Because it's fake news
Hey. Now you're only a 99% failure. Yay you.
They've covered a resolution, 2 B voted on, 2 write a bill 2 pass both houses & covered by CBO score proving deficit so MONTHS. SAD!
They are too busy hunting down anyone they can call a white supremacists all over the planet to support their fake narrative.
You will get a tax cut...horrible. The rest of us pay. Just the way you want it.
Poor seniors.
Time you find a new AG who will go after the truth sure the Clintons and everyone that surrounds them

Everything you do is the biggest but the First Chump says otherwise.If you were half as good as you say you are we would have a great Chump
Perfect example of how you are killing:  Democracy, citizens, safeguards for civil and healthcare rights.  You name it, you want to kill it
Really big deal... what are you, 5 years old?
My daughter is going to have an awesome costume for Halloween along with our bull dog! Going to send picture to  the not fake news stations
Looking at replies it seems that Gen. Kelly he turned into a Trump toadie.
And worst!
You Rock President Trump


