Look! Found another book about you Donald. 
Just caught @BookTV @cspan interview of Christopher Bedford @CBedfordDC in the wee hours this morning. Fascinating. Supports w deep, dark, delicious anecdotal evidence #deplorables' sense that media doesn't have a clue. #ArtOfTheDonald
Trump tweets approval of ‘The Art of the Donald' book http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/354659-trump-the-art-of-the-donald-really-good-book … #CBedfordDC
@AlecBaldwin I can see you doing a sketch of this on SNL. The catchy line would be “I love this book because it is all about how great I am...” #SNL
Fake Presidency
Hey, Donald Trump is a great president.  No body likes him because he speaks his mind people are saying nowadays ohh, orange president, tiny hands. He said all his views while he was a real estate agent, and noobdy cared, but since he bacame president, all hell broke loose.
https://www.youtube.com/embed/LunHybOKIjU/ …
Bet Don won’t come for Eminem. 
Dont ya just love it!
Have some respect for the President of the United States.  It’s incredibly intellectually limiting to think that your liberal half is more important than the other half (62 mil. Americans).  You’re a disgrace to patriotism and you all sound like children.
Highly respected author @mtaibbi came out with a book, too! Really good book! #MAGA
Highly respected author, @MichaelWolffNYC, just came out with the book, "Fire & Fury". Really good book!
Why are you promoting a product from your current office? Who do you think will play Mueller in the movie?
Instead of promoting books could you read some? You could start with the pocket version of The Constitution.
Is this a comic book? No disrespect to the genre..
The last chapter is a good read. It has you going directly to prison.
2020 is coming and no matter what hapoens U WILL VOTED OUT

NO CAPTAIN BONE SPURS, our flag & anthem are not props you can use at your convenience now that you need them to hide your crimes with.
The internet never forgets
That’s been debunked, I hate the man too but that tweet is not real
Of course you would say that it feeds your ego. But if it talked about you being a racist and white supremacy you wouldn’t feel the same
Now you're endorsing books?  Surely there is something wrong with that. What's next...Your Ex's book, Ivanka handbags, USA/45 MAGA hats?
Moron.  #RESIGN #MoronTrump #moronPREDATOR
It had pictures, didn't it?
Did u actually read it?
Oh? Really? How much did he pay you to say that?
This morning's tweetstorm is a doozy, ain't it?
Ya it is, if your looking for scrap paper to start you wood burning stove
Anytime someone kisses your butt, you really get excited! #25thAmendment #ImpeachTrump #ResistTrump #TheResistance #POTUS #dumptrump #Trump
Was it only 140 characters? You're too stupid to read anything more than that.
Is it written in crayon
How would you know, I can say for certain you haven't read it you tangerine tyrant.
Wow, you cannot make this shit up.
Isn’t this an ethics issue?
Yes, along with everything else that comes from his mouth.  I can’t believe it.
MANY PEOPLE ARE SAYING WORST PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME. WHO AGREES?!
Hmmm are all the people who voted for Trump saying this? After all, he is President for 8 more years. Have a good day!!! #maga #winning #won
There’s a subtitle: “grab em by the pu&&y.”  I love your priority in the presidency – polish my image!
Did he use the same author that you use to write your books?
We know you didn't read it. It's not a cocktail napkin with bullet points. Silly president, books are for smart people that's not you

Really??? You’re that positive you can read?
Only thing you read and get off on are your own moronic tweets !!!
Did you read it? (Don't lie!) If not, how do you know it's "really good"? Because it has your name on it?
It can be found under FICTION
I had no idea how many books were written about you Donald Trump
So Bill Gates has been bumped from the top as Microsoft. Wow. Didn't think that would ever happen.
Not as good as "The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump". Believe me
Wait. Have you ever read a book?
The guy from the Daily Caller... #MoronDon
A better name for it would've been...Chicken Little is POTUS. Run everybody run, the sky is falling.
I got one for you, “One Nation After Trump” or “The Case for Impeacment”.  Really good books! #hypocrite
Lol why kid? You can't read!
You know what’s better is the movie on the wildfires that lost 9 firefighters true story unlike your made up book from some guy

You're all over the place this morning. Did you have cocaine for breakfast?
Likely he did

like you read, can't even proof read a tweet...
Cofeve
Happy #WorldMentalHealthDay, Mr. President! Trust me when I say, we are ALL thinking about you today.
Jackass
What a narcissistic prick
#diversionmuch? #pathetic
Wag the Dog. Trump is willing to start a NUCLEAR WAR & kill tens of millions of people to divert attention from his failures. He is a madman
Wow you can't even make a proper sentence lol
So...Kelly Anne Conway got in trouble for using her platform to promote a shoe brand...isn't this kinda same thing?


MF’er you don’t read!! Assclown! 
ah yes, that wonderful author everyone has heard of…[squinting]…“christopher bedford.” the famous book man.
Highly respected by uh… lots of readers in… uhhhhhh Canada. Yeah. You wouldn’t know him he doesn’t go to this school.
And there are plenty of books which speak badly of you.  More than the positive ones!
I've never seen a President who needed the approval of random people, like you do.  So what if one person thinks you are a good leader.  Only 32% of America agrees.  Think about that.  That's less than 1/3
The author of "Art of the Deal" who you seemed to get along with quite well, warns America bigly about you!
You are the President of the United States of America.  How about stop bragging about books written about you, which had the sole purpose of generating revenue for the author, and start focusing on the goodness of America?
Here is another book about you, and I'm the author..... 
coming soon - http://RonaldPlump.com 
I just can't wait until this Presidency is over with!

Make America great again. Thank you sir.
A book about a duck really!!! Quack quack quacker
Li

No one is interested in your damn book.  California is on fire.  Puert Rico hospitals still aren't running. Talk real newz!!!!
Who read it to you?
While you promote urself & throw tantrums re media, #California is literally burning. Do u even care? Do u even read? #NapaFire #SonomaFire
I believe MENSA revoked your library card.
How’s Puerto Rico doing today, Mr President?

Even less people like you there than elsewhere.
Donnie, I'm going to buy you a thesaurus for your birthday. You've got to break away from "good", "great", fantastic". I know you have the best words and I want you to start to use them.
Now be honest, you really didn't read it, did you. You just heard about it on Faux News.
Do you not know that "The Donald" is not a flattering nickname.  It is attributed to your narcissistic personality  and super-inflated ego.
I want to reccomend a great book about Trump by eminent psychiatrist Dr. Werner Von Hoffen titled, Trump: A Portrait of Narcissim & Madness.

You mean you can read!

Propaganda
Oh my gosh, give it a rest. You are not perfect or the best at anything except for bragging on yourself.
Good thing someone other than you wrote it. Probably someone who actually knows how to spell little.

dotard
...must be one hell of a children's story...
Must read! #PRACTICALWISDOM
Sounds like garbage!
This is the author’s first book.  How in Beelzebub’s name can he be a “highly respected author”?
Fake news! That book is garbage. Sad
Highly respected? By whom?
As if you can read.
@OfficeGovEthics 
Care to comment?
Maybe another "refresher" reminding @realDonaldTrump of the ban against endorsing products
#DonnyDayCare
I guess this book focusses on your hairdresser?
#25amendmentnow
#WTF #BookReviews again? When do you even have time to read? #October #Halloween #JackOLanterns #SwampGas  #Paranormal
Did someone read you a liddle'?
what the fuck?
You can get this book in the fiction section
HAHAHAHA...you are just so ridiculous
You haven't read a book in your life.
Fake President !
How would you know? Polysyllabic words are out of your range of comprehension. Try behaving like the responsible person you are not!
You're not allowed to endorse products. Doh. But you could endorse my "Holy Silence" by being quiet http://eerdmans.com/Products/7403/ …
You’d think “Mein Kampf” was a ‘really good book’ if it were about you! ( hey,guess it coulda been)
Narcissistic fool you are you are!!!!  #TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpRussia
Doing research and starting to realize some of these bot tweet storms are actually paid by foreign sponsors...many we’ve been writing about.
Rex was right.
you didn’t read it
does the book come with crayons or do we have to supply our own?
can't wait to get my copy
Now, he’s no longer respected. Way to go.
Highly respected author??? It's his first freakin' book!! 
So you and your 32% are patting you on your back. Does your 
self praise ever stop?
Great book or great title?  Cuz you did NOT read that.

Narcissists!

A dud. No one will buy it.
https://youtu.be/phaDyPNnIKg  for your consideration.
Does it have lots of pictures?  And puzzles and games for when you have to play inside?
Shoulda called it "The Art of the Douche Bag"
How to screw your neighbors?
I wonder if anyone has the nerve to ever tell you about the abusive answers you get to your tweets, @realDonaldTrump . It's hysterical!
A fictional novel about Donny's "Leadership"  ... Found in the Humor section of your local library.
There's so much other stuff a true leader should be focused on. 

But I get you don. You're not that person are you?
"Highly respected author"? He's written 2 narratives for coffee table art books and 1 about you. No awards or accolades. Hack writer maybe?
I don't think as POTUS you are supposed to promote sales of anything that promotes you or your family or that you could possibly profit on.
Hope you read this someday
https://mobile.twitter.com/TanyaInAlameda/status/918067535626436608/photo/1 …
Everyone poops. Really good book!
You have no credibility and this author will take you endorsement hit. 36% approval rating sucks. GWB is a genius compared to you.
Yea it’s great toilet paper
Good toilet reading material, especially if I run out of toilet paper.
You haven't finished See Dick Run yet!
...you've read it? Don't you have other stuff to read...like background information on North Korea or whatever?
Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, "The Art of the Donald, Lessons from America's...." Really good book!
You are hated
Umm, you don't read so how would you know?
You never read a fucking book in your stupid life
Please. Like anyone thinks you can read an entire book.
no
I didn't know you could read books Donnie. Well done!!
You read?
Like you read it... 
As a door stop!
Glad @jack didn't gift #POTUS 280 chars.............................................................SO HE COULD JUICE HIS OWN BOOK SALES wtf
Subtitle: "How to be the world's biggest asshole (#APOTUS)." Crack jokes during taps. I'm an insulted combat vet.
http://nordic.businessinsider.com/trump-retreat-military-salute-sean-hannity-interview-pennsylvania-2017-10/ …
FAKE NEWS
Must be a picture book.
HA! You just killed another person’s career!
HEY EVERYBODY A BOOK ABOUT ME!Who the hell is"ChristopherBedford"? Political biographer?NO!It's about The Apprentice.+'Private Parts'$14.95
Honey....you didn’t read it.  You know that.

Reading everyone's comments has given me hope again! #use25 #DumpTrump #TuckFrump
Still can't shake that nickname, "Don the Con", can u? Or the taint of corruption, the nagging feeling that someday u'll be held 2 account?
#whatIknownow #facts #thatsall
Is it written in crayon?
donnie has an iq equal to his age, he doesn't read shit!
Don't pat yourself too hard on the back; you might hurt yourself.
You can read?
Oh, the guy from the FAKE NEWS Daily Caller.
And apparently available in #CliffsNotes.
https://www.oge.gov/web/oge.nsf/Resources/+A+Refresher+on+Misuse+of+Position …
Is it at a low enough reading level for you?
So do you enjoy reading it over a nice cup of covfefe?
Ego much?
Great title too
Unless you got the audio version, I'm pretty sur you only read the title.
Are u serious? The Art of the Bullshit from a White Pig
LOL! The world is crashing down around us...war, wildfires, hurricane devastation, no healthcare, etc. This dotard tweets about a book.
Did Melania read this one to you?
America's what?  Racist?  Traitor?  Failure?
I will not spend my money on that trash.
Aww..translation " I'm great! I'm really really great! And someone else thinks so too!" cry for attention #pathetic #ToddlerInChief
don’t pretend you know how to read
How would you know if it was a good book. You don't read or can't read.
You can’t even read a teleprompter, you effing moron! There is no way you read a book!

#NOTNORMAL
Donny, you haven't read a book since you were six. #paparemembers
