During the multiple disasters we've experienced,the Left has shown their true colors-and it isn't the Red,White and Blue.
And the Left showed their true colors after 9/11 as well along with your dishonorable Ex-President Obama.
Another low information Trumpster gets his presidents mixed up LOL
Really look at this post. It is the perfect example of the inflated pompous& condescending attitudes

You would think the sabatoging Left would put aside their PETTINESS for the sake of our Country & not intentionally add to the pressures.
But blondie didn't say "What swamp shenanigans"?  (Cuz she knows as we all do that all this WH has is shenanigans going on). Pathetic staff.
And liar obama!
And trump is not a liar? Your point??
Nobody can come close to obama and u will never admit it. Thats ok because the people that count know it. Now hes mooching off soros..

The similarities here are uncanny. You nailed it.
God Blessed America with a President like the 45th we have today,
So the president did his job and we treat this like a huge achievement. Maybe he should do his job more often and we won't have to celebrate
Then he ought to stop tweeting and start working
Keep on pandering to Trump Lou! Sad!

OMG! What a pathetic pair!
Lou Dobbs, lifelong racist.
KA Conway, will tell any lie for the right price.
Disgusting!
http://www.complex.com/pop-culture/2013/06/most-racist-tv-shows/lou-dobbs-tonight …


His focus for a few days because it's good for his brand, and because John Kelly has miraculously and temporarily reigned him in.
So you are using the suffering of so many Americans to justify the sleaze you have in your Administration?  Keep it classy @realDonaldTrump!
The Swamp...
It's Self Draining

Trying to run away from Mueller 

You are a sad person, no doubt holding your Queen Liar Hillary loss puppy. Buy her book, feel good supporting her bank account. She loves U!
 BEST PRESIDENT EVER #MAGA 



Reading some of these tweets. It feels like ppl are using this devastation as a campaign trail. He's the president this is his job. #really
Don't forget about all the self promotion and self recognition he's been doing. Acting like it's a special thing he's been doing 
Like the average neighbor, Trump is concerned about storm vics-good.  Unlike them ,Trump won't admit global warming played a part-Bad
BEST PRESIDENT EVER. 
greatest idiot ever, biggest narcissist ever, dumbest potus ever, no brain, no emphaty
You just described Obama.
Never.
@realDonaldTrump during these horrible times you have shown us what it means to be a true LEADER!!!!! #MAGA
Yes, @realDonaldTrump is not one. @BarackObama was one though.

When you have nothing else, go vulgar! Your fear can be smelled through Twitter!
Martin, I don't think that is fear you are smelling.  It's the bullshit emitting out of the WH thru twitter.
Personally, I really don't care what Kelly-whatsherface ever has to say! But thanks for trying!

Why would U retweet THIS?

The only time we will be great again is when Trump and his corrupt Russian administration is gone.

Amazing Job to make America Safe and saving life's 
Wow Lou! You want us to give #RookiePublicServant @realDonaldTrump and crew a cookie for doing their fucking jobs? #Snowflakes
Then why are you still rowing the boat in the swamp?

FOLLOW ME FOR NOT FAKE NEWS
RIGHT ON!! Go Lou Dobbs Kelly anne and POTUS
If that is the case, why is @KellyannePolls (one of the original swamp creatures) on TV?
Russia has admitted on tv that they stole the 2016 election from American people so they could screw up USA by giving it to @potus Trump
Trump has subversively spent his whole term so far dividing the U.S...We have said repeatedly he is mentally unfit for the job.

I bet you know all about chocolate sauce!
Just get rid of the last 3 Trump opposers then government will work great!
#DUMPNFLHey That's our guy save
Lives n recovery b4 all the
Money scams enter the pic
AMER 1st MAGA🕆

Benedict Dump isn't do a damn thing to save lives.  In fact he is the one endangering them with his deplorable regime.  #DeportMelania
So he's focused on...a carbon tax? Ending subsidies to fossil fuels but adding them for renewables?  Planning for ocean rise? Funding FEMA?
THOSE are some things that will save lives. Oh, & funding SS,  medicare/caid, and Obamacare, demilitarizing the police, having a state dept
Remember the Good Old days when Dobbs was actually a reporter instead of working for Trump TV.

The  knows Trump colluded with Russia.

He is the swamp , Kellyanne a pathological liar , @LouDobbs propagates those lies !
It's time #POTUS fired this illegal Special Council's efforts to void the 2016 election that some 60+million of us voted only he can stop it
Bullshit he was talking about tax cuts for the 1% during #Irma & taking that 1billion from #FEMA #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
And obama was golfing and lying..SMH
OH MY GOD.... How DARE you bring up GOLFING and LYING!! You are in complete denial! Your President has golfed more already than Obama total!
Thank you Mr President for finally making September 11th patriots day! Can't believe those before you didn't do that already #USA #MAGA 

Sorry I just do not believe his sincerity after all the lies he has told. America was already great before he Evan ran let alone get elected
U mean like obama? We can keep our dr. Now that was the biggest liar and most corrupt pres ever.
Saving lives? I'd like to see Trump in filthy water up to his waist doing real work.
A true leader surpervises and is not part of the activity supervised. You might learn as you get older.
A true leader leads by example and I don't think anyone would want their child to grow up to be just like Donald Trump.
I know being President and a billionaire must really suck. Well Hillary will never have to worry about holding office again.
Sorry, who?

MAGA Is the bullshit slogan with racist undertones we are now and that means make America white again
Great...@ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
Thank you Mr. President. I hope you have the Bullies blocked. You are the best President ever.
How is she still relevant? She has no function in this government. Which is sort of ironic since so many positions are left in filled.
She's the counselor to the president, part of Trump's staff.
Oh, she sits on Trump’s staff. So that’s why she has a job.
And his "staff" continues to get smaller. ;)
Dear Mr Trump, your speech at UN was a masterpiece. Congratulations. Roberto Calderon
Cockroach in Chief made the swamp, and it is thriving: vermin in the White House.
Mate, sort yourself out
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1320015924794123&id=427302110732180 …
God bless you President Donald Trump, we love you and support you sir
Yes, love all of God's children. So long as there is life, there is hope.
#trump made America terrible

Many more people ae terrified now
The one thing he made "great" again is bigotry and climate change denial
He also made Big Oil  Great Oil.... Again!
Isn't this when Trump CURTSIED?
#GoHomeConway
I mean half of Florida is literally a swamp but okkk


Isn't a Prez SUPPOSED to be there during catastrophic events? Why are slugs like Lou Dobbs lauding like it's a vote for a Nobel Peace Prize?
Conwitch has to talk about the swamp since that is where she slithered out of like most of that cabinet and so called administration.
and how many lives did POTUS save, Lou? How many have died this year as "collateral damage" to bombings & strikes in the middle East?
He better learn how do multitask
He is the swamp.
Let's see those taxes, comrade who's brand is lying and cheating. #LockhimUp #TrumpRussia #ITMFA
And while I applaud saving lives there needs to be a greater compassion and more focus on environmental issues.
I think I saw Swamp Shenanigans down at the Coyote Lounge.
Lou Dobbs next stop: RFD TV.
Lou Dobbs is a mindless hater.
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @POTUS the puppet show
It's time for old farts to fade away to where ever farts go
My bet is on Swamp Thing. The honey badger of the swamp.
#trump #humor #swamp #honey #badger #dont #play
Those cocktail earrings are so distracting. I thought they had a dress code at the WH?
Having that twat on TV is "swamp shenanigans"
Okay that made me laugh.  Only thing @POTUS  wants to save is the Trump crime family. Thanks for the laughs, Lou.


This is as fake as fake can be on its best day. In other words: you're calling Americans dumb.

Did Lou have weight loss surgery?
##Truth, MAGA##
If that is true why has he filled his administratiin with swamp things?
There are actual facts and according to this lady, alternative facts.  She is the master of the later! I prefer actual facts!

OH< CUT AMERICA A BREAK! "Draining the swamp" has lost its original meaning to you. Getting rid of big business lobbies? NOT AT ALL!

LMAO
Quit blocking supporters then!  Feelings matter too!  How rude!
Nope....
It's like Himmler asking Goebbels for the facts

This is so stupid. No president in history (expect perhaps Bush with Katrina) has failed to respond to a natural disaster ... #BFD
@LouDobbs stop it, this is what keeps us divided. So we have to give Credit 4 a President doing his job. We have to keep rubbing his bk#why
U & crack Barbie make a cute couple. Couple of Sycophants.


What happened to drain the swamp??? 
Dobbs looks like his make-up artist is an undertaker. @KellyannePolls looks like jaundice incarnate. And both are itching to loot the swamp
Trump is the swamp
MAGA=Morons Are Governing America
Love your show...I don't get indigestion watching you...

who dragged this shrieking harpy out again?
All I can hear her say at this point is LIES!  Also how old is Lou Dobbs?  How has he lasted this long w/out a sexual harassment allegation?
Lou Dobbs?  Is he working from the nursing home?
Trump loves sharing opinions of racists although he claims not to be one. Interesting.
My heart goes out to all!! My bro lives in the US and we worry lol to everyone affected my the hurricane!! 
Not busy on draining the swamp? Didn't you campaign about that over and over again? Kinda like repeal and replace #amendment25for45
Washington is swamp shenanigans? Congress is not made up of crooks but is part of the greatest democracy in human history.


Our whole life we were taught to not have babies unless we can afford them,meanwhile we pay for our replacements
#DC https://twitter.com/NetworksManager/status/854688670892388352 …

Yes Mr President and company u r all doing a great job thank u all

800,000 illegal aliens protected instead of deported as promised, is removing the tracks, Trump Train Headed For A Brick Wall?
Rrrrriiiiggghhhtttt. He's more concerned about what people are writing about him. See his above tweet, you twatwaffle.
Lou Dobbs has lost all journalistic integrity. He spews divisive lies against an imaginary enemy: American Democrats. We are but one America
Yes, ignore that nasty little man behind that curtain.  I am the all powerful, super-hero OZ!!
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @POTUS Kellyanne is now reduced to Fox Business, damn that's the sub basement of News..
Lou Dobbs is a poor man's Sean Hannity. Absolute shill. Him calling Paul Ryan a RINO proves it. Unbelievable.

Whose that mummy called @LouDobbs ???
But what about Hillary
This reminds true patriots of WW2 when one Nazi would interview another and then call it "news".  The whole presidency is FAKE.
#TrumpTrain #LesDeplorables
Congratulations!  Aren't grandchildren great?!
stupid morons,  in a different planet, the orange lard ass couldn't even hand out a tray of food properly
the  just never stops. 
#RESIGN
Hey Lou, remember tRUMP promised $1 million? It looks likes tRUMP is going stiff Houston like he STIFFED our veterans.
If @potus is uniting the Country I would sure HATE to see this great Nation if he were trying to divide it! Let him speak! No more puppets!!
I find using the term "swamp shenanigans" most offensive at a time when much of our country has been turned into swamp land by hurricanes.
Go Kelly Anne go, get em.  You're so much sharper than they are.
Trump had better not get PC about using the term radical Islamic terrorism. Glad you mentioned it.
Kee making excuses for that piece of shit.  Worst president ever. Sad
"The president doesn't care about the media response to his performance during the hurricane - but they haven't praised him at all, wtf!!"
wtf
Clearly all lies

What about the fires out west?
#FakeNews
yes, making America STupid and white and evil.
Lou Dobbs is still alive? Wow
This is a weird hobby, Lou.

You are SICK
Thank you #MAGA
I thought kellyanne Conway would be more concerned with the swamp since that's what she crawled out of...
Tremendous leadership being shown by our great President Trump!!! MAGA
@KellyannePolls does nothing but make up fake news like Bowling Green and make us a laughingstock. An absolute joke.

5/ And Trump has now sent out his lawyer to defend Jared, not realizing this news story reveals his lies about 2016. http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/350195-trump-lawyer-ex-white-house-staffers-trying-to-sabotage-kushner?amp …
@realDonaldTrump 

Mr. President ...... NO to this or any DEAL!  

America & GOP get short end of stick!
Pretty much a fail when you retweet swamp creatures. #firekellyanneconway
#FireSarah
