God Cast Them Out & Created Hell for the Fallen Angels!
& God said the evil one would be given the key to the gate of hell. Cern, gotthard tunnel opening. Thy removed the holy rock that kept em in
CERN, to open up portals....as Revelation says, The Pits of Hell Will be Opened & out will come locusts.......
Greater is HE that is in me than he that is in the WORLD 
PREACH CHRIST.......Use Words if You Must!
Bye bye & take all your minions with you! See ya!
Birdie. I see you're an Obama fan. Your tears fill me with joy.
When it comes to PRESIDENT Obama my tears r always tears of pride and joy! Just like the tears tonight 4 his beautiful speech accepting
The Profile in Courage Award at JFK Library! Being celebrated by his peers, intelligent people who care about others. Being a hero to all!
So I hope you are truly filled with JOY tonight because I sure am! God Bless You Trolling Trevor and good night
Wow. Your post filled me with love and acceptance. God bless you and good night.
God's been trying to do that for thousands of years which is why He sent us Jesus and the Holy Spirit!
God was having a very bad day and wasn't aware of the things this person could do to our world
You do not have the ability to see or hear God's love or plan, so your words have no relevance.  Your info comes from the devil himself.
Nancy, this looks like it was my response to you but it was not as I am in agreement with you.  It was intended for the unbelievers.
⦁Must Watch Pamela Geller: The Islamization of San Diego Schools ⦁https://youtu.be/TdnJGtI2iWs 
Dad Christopher Wyrick,Finds Out School Is FORCING #Islam #ReligionBeliefs Down His Son’s Throat!
We should kick you out of the country then
@JackBones10 @realDonaldTrump Wow i knew they were out there but not that many! How did this ever start!!
1) you
2) #israel out of #Palestine 
3) you & #Israel can live in Nevada deserts  
 #world will be in #peace
For What FELLOWSHIP Does LIGHT Have With DARKNESS?
Taqiyya; Obama
Yepper! It's ALWAYS been EXTREMELY apparent to me! I've been more perplexed that SO MANY could not see it!!!!
, , & DOUBLE 
unfortunately they're already here And training.
some ppl can't see the forrest for the trees. Its a shame.
Its a shame you are not educated.
Are u talking to me? Hmmmm. I don't remember having a conversation with you.
Idea of you keeping evil out makes exactly as much sense as asking a wolf to tend sheep: you ARE the evil! So protect America: self-deport!
Or like giving a bank robber the security job at fort Knox or giving an addict the heroin to hold for the doctor in a pain clinic
Like you? Yeah, please leave. We need Gabe the dog as our president.
Oh and take @seanspicer with you.
@POTUS if we must keep evil out why not get rid of you and your cabinet? Sounds like a plan.
It's far more important to keep evil out of our elected offices. #Impeach
Yes we must do another EO n keep doing them flood them in court like they r doing you
Great idea.....
#Rezapahlavi  we support rezapahlavi, @Iranncorg
that would mean we have to get rid of you
when are you leaving? BAD PRESIDENT
#poorDonald when are you leaving?
@shaken1955 it is already here The only way to defeat evil.is Our Lord Jesus Christ! Victory is only Found in Christ Jesus!
Can Jesus then please float a bill of impeachment? And soon!
. Jesus tell me He is serving His purpose! Know the will of God! Only way is His word personnal relationship! Thy will be done on Earth as..
Jesus talks to you?
Yes all the time! Im so blessed! He is with me everywhere i Go!
You should check out some #Zyprexa. It can be very helpful. Good luck on your journey.
when are you leaving then?
Better president than Obama was. Tell you that.
when will you be leaving?
Joshua. How can you be a liberal and have balls?
why are you still there then? #pureevil
Your tears make me happy.
Good luck with that, considering Democrats take up 46% of the population. 
Hope that isn't on your bukkit list. I won't stop/discourage your trying. But I can't say I believe in it. 
So take Your family to Russia they Love u so much there
Oh did I touch a nerve?
Nah. Trump is better than Obama. Ice is kicking out illegal immigrants by the daily. #thanksice
Glad you think so,by the way where's President today playing with his balls on the golf course again?
Trump hasn't seen Flynn since his ass got fired.
Here's to you my friend
Hey. We disagree. But that's what makes America so beautiful. We have the right to speech. I wish you blessing in life. 
And yet, you're still here.
We must keep evil Ryans hands off the healthcare bill
there you go again, making that poor illiterate Christian right wing feel important again and all who disagree is evil. Wow
get your family and leave the US. Mr" Evil"
@sandyriccobono I hear ya but there's so many LIBS already here! #LOL
there's an infestation of it in the White House...
so when do you leave?
Trump's better than Obama.
thank you for posting those especially the one about Social Security every year my Social Security goes down
Lets start with the trump administration i got your plane ticket
You finally leaving?
so when u leavin?
So when are you leaving
Why the hell are you on twitter more than I am??

Are you moving?
Starting with the home grown terrorist hillary
ok,go ahead and leave take your Cabal of Criminals with you, that includes ALL OF YOUR FAMILY
Then leave...
When will you be resigning, Mr. GOP President?
great! When do you leave?
@Jim_Peoples_ If only we could convince democrats of this. They seem intent on importing terror.
Your more evil then the devil himself you've caused so much damage to people and there family's, you will ruin in hell
what time is your flight to the Galapogus Islands?
Define evil please. Does it include selling false hope? Like a ponzi scam? How about "soft-scams?" #stopsellingfalsehope
you first, shitheel
The United States needs to take a closer look at Donald Trump because it appears he is the real threat to Americans.
evil lurks behind a smile and Christianity
then why are you here

agreed. GO!!
It's already here but, yes, we don't need more! Fire the evil ones!
Cool, so when are you leaving..??
WE'LL HELP YOU PACK!!! #notmypresident
why did you feel the need to put quotations marks around evil? Is this meant to be sarcastic? Is your presidency sarcastic?
Thanks for everything.
Why didn't U add Saudi Arabia, Egypt & United Arab Emirates 2UR ban? The 9/11 terrorists came from Saudi. Business ties?
So does that mean you are revoking Obama’s passport next time he leaves the country?
Now there is an awesome idea!!
@bz_mom2 Call on Our Lady - she crushed the head of the Evil One.
bye bye then 
Sad liberal. You must be one of those brain dead Bernie fans.
I'm seeing religion in those "", sir. This is why our forefathers separated church and state unlike any other country!
The founders of the country intended to keep government out of religion, not vice versa.
so you're kicking the nationalist, white supremacist terrorists out?
how ironic
Any way we can deport the democrats???

So when are you moving?
don't let the door hit ya in the ass on your way out.
It's already here, we must stop it from spreading ..
It seems that you understand who are the only evil in U.S.
you are the evil
when are you leaving?
.@realDonaldTrump YOU at evil.  Get out.
OK so when are you leaving? Soon I hope!
finally he's leaving 
yes may GOD continue to protect you & know there are people  4 you to succeed. Only GOD knows your heart MR PRESIDENT!
@POTUS get out then
@POTUS oh good...you packed then? #fakepresident
so are you leaving?
Then you should take a plane out of the country.
then move
if you really believe we must keep evil out of our country what the hell are you still doing here? #trumpleavenow #resist

why is evil in quotes?  Learn how to use quotes please.
with "evil" you mean yourself? I don`t think that you mean that so, but I mean... when "evil" should go, why YOU don`t go?
@lisajnc1951 Jst do a new EO that is harder so they have something to keep them busy .
Control urself from Openly Criticizing Judges n  Constitutional Authorities 

You Can Really be in Trouble 

bizdev
India
succ a nut
then get out
Does that mean we can keep you out Donny? @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
to stop evil, you'll have to drop dead.
the evil is in the White House.
Yes, we plan on putting you on an offshore floating prison, stock up on anti nausea though you won't have access to mirror.
totally agreed!!!  When are you leaving?
then leave.
THEN YOU AND BANNON LEAVE.
so in other words.. you.
so when do you leave the US?
@HowardStern
@realDonaldTrump
@IggyPop @DavidBowieReal  We must keep "evil" out of our country! @EvilAlecBaldwin @williamshatner @sternshow
@MiriamOCal @NorahCasey @KennedyMary @PatKennyNT @official_enya @ACorr_Official  @Sharon_Corr @CCorr_Official http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/CJtib … @lorde
So from now on, blood-thirsty vampires and Hell's demon spawn will be carefully vetted
so please leave.
I’d think your retirement home in Moscow should be completed by now, no?
#BuildTheWall #KeepOurGuns #DrainTheSwamp #WakeUp Stop permitting the Deep State from destroying US!
Hiii
Think mirror

Biblical? For now we see dimly, but soon all will be made clear (paraphrased)
Well then, you must deport the Deep State and the Dems!
What if your the only evil one
helo saitan? the saitan is you, saitan.
I’m glad you can finally agree with the rest of America, have fun don’t let the door slam you on your way out
want me to book your flight?

Trump @ POC in the US
Every Villain Is Lemons
Don't worry, Mr. Prezi. Mermaid Man's gonna drive out them evildoers!
Yeah tbh we have to get rid of pickles. That’s some shit sent straight from hell!
The entire Trump team...and family need to move to Russia then.
What time should we call your Uber?
So we are deporting democrats... yah now we are talking... 
If we want to keep our country we had better keep the snakes out. Or one day it will be too late. Thy are pre positioning their troops 4 war
Too late. We elected you.
Yes.  Yes we do.  Get the EFF out.
Time to call that hotline and report alien sighting. Last seen at White House/Mar-a-Lago. Orange complexion. Dog-toupee on head. @alt_labor
I don't like you :(
oh! You're leaving?
These people tweeting are a disgrace to our country. No respect. No honor.
We are working on that. Soon you, Bannon and Company will be gone
That would mean kicking out all the evil trolls u have
We are trying very hard to rid the US of you and your evil friends!!
Keep evil out.. so when are you leaving?
I'm not sure what's wrong with the people who don't want freedom, accountability and safety in our country. Sad people
WHEN ARE YOU&YOUR FAMILY&CORRUPT CRIMINAL TREASONOUS ADMINISTRATION MOVING# EVIL TRUMP
We must keep @FakePresident @realDonaldTrump away from our planet!
sorta hard when you already voted him in
Ok Donald, when will you leave?
Whatever you say, Basil Fawlty.
Mexicans are not evil and the idea of a wall is stupid
YES and we have a lot of that right now..........
you go Trump backing you up Brother all the way
GREATIDEA SIR....IF U WOULD JUST "STOP" LYING 2 THE
 AMERICANPEOPLE..
ALL WOULD BE OK!
U REALLY WANT 2-4 YRS OF THIS
then get out.
please remove George Soros from the US! He is a cancer!
i guess this is goodbye
THEN GET THE HELL OUR OF OUR COUNTRY
@woitekj Say we need TRUMP HELP in Canada our PM Jethro Trudeau is a moron Immigration is a gong show bad hombre's !!!
a little late for this.. you got in!
then when are you leaving?? 
I agree, please leave
then what do we do about you?
we must keep evil out of our white house. Move out! #ImpeachTrump
then you should definitely go!
And also fight the evils within !
"Thanks"
MURICAAA
Yeah so get a bunch of alt rights in your cabinet. That will make it so much better... You are an embarrassment.
and racist people like u too
trump
i'm with tromp new anti-American scum can leave
In This Country we use respectful language.
Right. When are you leaving ?????
