Will you be dropping by to throw toilet paper later in the week? Don't want to miss the photo-op. @monte1223 @SueinRockville @olgaNYC1211
#WeWontBackDown 
This was an awesome tribute to the victims of Las Vegas & Tom Petty
BRAVO!
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/live-feed/jason-aldean-honors-las-vegas-tom-petty-surprise-snl-appearance-1046835 …
#SundayMorning
My POTUS cares!  Thank you sir!
We finally have a President who "LOVES" every "RACE, COLOR & CREED". Thank you Dear Lord for our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #KeepDJTSafe.
Finally, a POTUS Who is proud of his country, boost's
He boosts our morale.  Keeps us informed & encourages us to the best Americans we can be...
Yes he does & for those that listen, he encourages faith, that our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump will return the government back to #WeThePeople.
You hv been a Light in Darkness for so many. Storm after storm, you comfort downtrodden. Bringing encouragement & supplies. Bless you @potus
I just vomited with your comment! 
Your @FEMA team in #PuertoRico is failing, like you.
Update from #PuertoRico! This is from one of our nurses who is volunteering with RNRN to offer #PuertoRicoRelief #UnionsUnited 
FEMA Director has now said he's "tuning out" mayor of San Juan because what she's saying is only "noise." So this is no surprise. 
Exactly. Brown people who can't vote don't matter to this administration. Mike Pence won't be any better.
@VP is a truly scary religious fanatic. If he becomes Prez it's really over. #ChristianTaliban
Given 45's desire to start World War III, I'll take Pence (if I must) until we can get rid of him too. #TrumpRussia #PenceRussia
I agree, but... Pence passes for human better than trump, which makes him very dangerous. Short term vs long term.
He's behind all the "Religious Liberty" stuff coming out of the WH now, but if 45 goes, the #Talibangelists might not be enough support.
I hope we can survive the Hurricane Trump. Best regards from Switzerland
News Flash: tweeting about hurricane safety is not presidential. Helping the victims of hurricanes is. Know the difference! #PuertoRico
Fear not President Trump will handle things again. THANK YOU AND GOD BLESS YOU PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP. America needs & loves you. #MAGA
#MAGA
My original name for the hurricane was #HurricaneCovfefe!
Mr. President, while we don't see eye to eye on many things, and I love making fun of your mannerisms, I would appreciate a follow friday

Would've been nice if they were prepared for Maria and doing a better after-storm help for USA citizens in Puerto Rico, don't you think?
Dear fellow Floridians. Don’t let his “enthusiasm” to help us make us forget the way he’s treating #puertorico
@realDonaldTrump, Americans didn't sign a contract to be on a reality show. Stop playing with our lives without consent!  #MoronTrump
Of course because red states. #Maria #PuertoRico #USVirginIslands #AllAmericans
You are not good enough to live there. That house is for presidents with class.
Only one thing will work to #MAGA and that is your immediate resignation. SAD! #Moron #UBum #RussiaGate #DomesticTerrorists #ClimateChange
Still waiting on you to help the people of Puerto Rico!
You have been tested more than any President in my lifetime 
Great job @realDonaldTrump #MAGA 
He sure has!
And he’s failed miserably!
Au contraire, Steve, our Prez has done a great job handling the many disasters he has faced, despite efforts of RESIST to make him fail!
And little help from Congress 
Are they planning to throw paper towels at it as you suggested?
Is good sir all fine
All OK sir
We are good in Pensacola. We still have plenty of paper towels.
wowww
Do they have enough paper towels? #MoronInChief
I love you DJT!!!! You’re amazing and say what I want to you’re the best and I love Meli too! God bless you both!
Get off twitter and do some effing work donny!. Being president doesn't mean sitting back and dishing out orders!. Your meant to work lazy!.
He did say that he didn't know being president and Healthcare was a hard job but he has proven that he doesn't care by golfing on weekend
God Bless You President Trump Best President Ever Elected To America. Thank you
I think you’re forgetting that these people you’re pledging to help are all of color too... why weren’t you there for Purrto Rico?
OK.. My dear sir we are with you thanks sir
You are not innocent of all that happens and all of you
One day comes to us when God knows here is not the only sense is the calculation
Oh, you, the wrestler, kill people there and there, and speak a lie for the sake of man
Next time, pay for your own damn golf trips, and pay the Secret Service out of your own goddamn pocket. #GrifterInChief
Trump has left the White House in what appears to be...golf attire ? http://publicpool.kinja.com/subject-pool-report-1-1819244115 … 
Sure. You're ready for this hurricane as long as it doesn't hit Puerto Rico, right. You racist SOB....  #FakePresident
But you ignored Puerto Rico until you got called on it. Then you threw paper towels at them. You're the disaster. #HurricaneDonald
When the hurricane passes, @potus will come talk about how great he is & throw paper towels at you! Enjoy the natural disaster! Have fun!
Maybe he'll even sign a wall in a shelter for y'all! Oh, and remember, you are cutting into the budget. Golf > disaster relief.
FEMA is not your team! You did not invented FEMA! I bet you don’t even know what those initials stand for... please seek help!
This is a very low catagory storm so your attention to the safety of the Gulf Coast is sorely lost. Puerto Rico got slammed & you missed it
President Trump, America and Americans are grateful to have you as our leader. Thank You Patriot
Pathetic sap.
No one wants you representing us, and to be honest your not doing a good job, hell for that matter the only thing y
 Listen up citizens, i know I told you for 12 months to ignore your media. 
But now that your life is on the line forget what I said
Every house in hurricane paths must be equipped with 2 large size inflatable rafts and a fire extinguisher All car seats must have life vest
Apartment complexes must provide HurricanePlans inclding Shelters SolidWindowShutters EmergencyPower ShelteredCellTowers
They better listen to their state and municipalities because you damn sure won't help them poor excuse for a president now the poll says 32%
And the poles on do you think the countries moving forward under your watch 24% say yes 74% say no sick Sad not my president jerk moron
What’s wrong with you people. Give the man a break. At least he tells it
As it is. And not a load of BS.
Get ready with the kitchen roll I hear Walmart have a special on at the moment you dingbat
Thank you Mr. President
And when the storm is over, you get Hats and paper towels!
Be glad you don't live on a US held island...just sayin'....
Trump si na truffa
LIKE PUERTO RICO 
Jamaica's building codes ensure that formal structures are more disaster-resilient. Our 2 countries can learn much from each other.
And to think just weeks ago you wanted to burst #FEMA like a bloated corpse festering in flood water. Good for you!
We'll be there with paper towels next week!
Cause, white voters.
How about Puerto Rico?
Thank you
Why didn't you tell us about the las Vegas isis terrorist attacks?
We believed in you!

PFFP YOU!!!
FU Bytch
Release your taxes..LIAR
Thank you and God bless you Donald Trump.
Don’t forget the paper towels!
What about the mess you’re causing in Puerto Rico?
I am having a hard time trusting FEMA. We need to reform FEMA
Trumps real agenda for our great country.
Hey everybody remember PR and the US Virgin Islands. US citizens on US soil. Just saying, they’re suffering and will continue to suffer.
Puerto Rico still needs lots of help I have friends on the ground that are innate desperate need love and prayers for all in this disaster
And you did nothing, but sit on the golf course. Lazy.
Yeah, cause you won't do shit to help anyone who is not WHITE.  #bigotinchief #FakePresident  #NEVERmypresident
Tell your "great team" to do their job in PR!! Disgraceful how you're treating people there!!! Disgraceful president and his administration.
You want to cut funds....correct?
Very good
NEVER seen such a fine job done by our GOV, FEMA & most locals who aren't too lazy to help their neighbors during catastrophic events 
Thanks for re-tweet.  Mikie.  Some day you'll have your own thought!
You are doing a great job preparing people and giving them the resources they need!  YOU ROCK PRESIDENT TRUMP!
Delete your account 
Thank you for being There!  Albert and Denise Stewart. Gulf Shores, ALABAMA
Safe as in Puerto Rico is still desperate for water and supplies safe?
Then why is Puerto Rico still in such bad shape? #lyingracistmoroninchief
I love you Donald J. Tramp
This is Obama's FEMA not yours.  Give it time you'll make sure it doesn't work well.
YOUR FEMA ROCKS!
They are waiting for their dimes store #papertowels ! #FakePOTUS #jtwb768 #incompentent
Great. Now why didn't you act like this for PR and USVI? Prejudice much?
You are not God saying be safe isn't enough.  Money and help is what they need.
Too bad u don’t feel that way abt Puerto Rico.  They r still suffering & you blame them for it! Grudgingly helping nowYou have no shame!
Also, try not to put the budget out of whack.
SEND help to PR and the US Virgin Islands ... take a hint from 5 living FORMER actual presidents!
What about PR?  Where are those FEMA stats on the website?
40% of the people in Puerto Rico still don't have clean water. I guess FEMA is not getting things done.
false flag does not mean real people are not hurt. False flag means agenda/msm/info/story is false https://ahtribune.com/las-vegas-massacre/1938-hybrid-false-flag.html … @Publici violated
Oh good, you’ll have another chance to insult more people and throw more paper towels. 
인생 파이팅 하세요 감사합니다
Please listen to your Voter. #BuildThatWall #NoAmnesty

Go ahead, Mr President. You are greatly loved in heaven and earth, and you will succeed like no other POTUS before you. Don't mind the liars
This was #Disgraceful  Also, you went to #upscale #middleclass area why not an #impoverished area?

Hey look MR PEE...
Funny. You're all ready for this one, but Puerto Rico has a 200+ death toll and the number is rising.
"45th president of the United States", what a fucking joke.
It would have been more impressive had you been prepared for Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico. You do realize they're Americans, don't you?
Meanwhile you're playing golf. Jackass.
Trump has left the White House in what appears to be...golf attire ? http://publicpool.kinja.com/subject-pool-report-1-1819244115 … 
Here's what you really want to say.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO HELP PUERTO RICO?
You still deny climate change????
HOPE NOTHING TERRIBLE HAPPENS THERE LIKE PR FOR HURRICANE MARIA
You must be thrilled to have another hurricane to push your racist failure in Puerto Rico off the front pages. Get more toweling to throw.
Good advice President Kelly. #pence4Prez #MAGA
Too bad you were too late in figuring this out for Puerto Rico. You are a sorry excuse for a leader. P.R. Mayor for POTUS.
So much redundancy from a moron.
https://www.youcaring.com/theuscitizensofpuertorico-959127 … 90% of Puerto Rico still no power, fuel shortages, food lines, 44% no clean water. Donate, save US citizens in PR
Hey DUNCE! What about US citizens of Puerto Rico? Those deaths are solely on YOUR HANDS!
Bangkok Bank 1655585964
Good thing since they shit the bed in Puerto Rico. But you know, they're hispanics so who gives a shit, right Donny?
Yeah everyone but Puerto Rico huh?
Remember Puerto Rico? It's American.


Why are you now reporting...the weather!!! You not mentioning about this makes alot of people believe this ISN'T fake news..any comments????
Yes, people...be prepared for your "denied" email from FEMA if you need them.  You're on your own!
I'm onYourSideGOOD JOB MAIKING THE USA GREAT
The only president to actively engage in media to warn his citizens! #Ilovethispresident
Thank you Mr President. So many haters on here. Your darned if you do and darned if you don't. Your doing better than our last one
You mean you won't wait 10 days to do something? Is it because they speak English or are you lazy and they are closer?

Yeah, they'll be good.  They don't speak Spanish.  You are hateful racist garbage.  Have a stroke.

Just like your lame ass help for PR!
Bullshit, bullshit, bullshit, blah, blah, blah
SINO DARÍAN MARCHA ATRÁS A LAS POLÍTICAS DE OBAMA DE APERTURA CON EEUU.
PODRÍA DAR UN ULTIMÁTUM A CUBA PARA QUE SE ABRA A LA DEMOCRACIA CREANDO PARTIDOS POLÍTICOS Y QUE HAYAN ELECCIONES Y NO SEA UNA DICTADURA?
Thank you Mr President.Your the best !! From Gulfport
La desconocida historia de la influencia de Cuba en el independentismo catalán
http://bbc.in/2y8kq2I 
I'm glad you and the team are ready to help and take care of things. You really are doing a great job.
The team may be prepared but you were out golfing  @realDonaldTrump
So you should never have moved in. You are a fool. Your administration are fools. The gopuck, oh I mean GOP are fools. Leave.
What....about....PR tho?
Why don’t you send them to Puerto Rico to help those poor people who are still struggling weeks after Hurricane Maria hit the island
Because you're so comforting in a disaster?
Get off twitter. We don’t need to see you pretending to work. Just . . . Go play golf.
Oh, and have a good time.
Thank you President Trump. 
Louisiana appreciates you.
Puerto Rico??
Looks to me like Puerto Rico recovery effort is a mess and Pres keeps lying about it. Pretends it's going well. Lyin Pres.
@TwitterSupport @Twitter
STOP messing with @realDonaldTrump tweets!
Why is this only showing up today when I check daily?!? I'm sick of it!
I check @realDonaldTrump timeline, check again a few hrs later, see posts from 3 or 4 days ago that didn't appear earlier in day

@Twitter
This tweet was not for our president, but for one smart elec.
What is FEMA's plan to help Puerto Rico?
@FEMA can't help one territory, how can they help what hurricane Nate is going to do in 4 states?
Could this be that you are to blame for all of these natural disasters and terror attacks! not LGBT people? #LoveWins #ActionsSpeakLouder
What do you have planned? A paper towel toss ?
45, just stay on your golf courses.
Just like your helping waiting sorry not helping Puerto Rico!?.
Will you help them like you helped Puerto Rico? Magic 8 ball says: "Ask again later"
but nothing  about Puerto Rico,... an update would be nice you racists.
And Puerto Rico? You'll be remembered for what you didn't do there.
“We won’t ignore you like we have Puerto Rico...”
Where's the tweet for Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands?
Sure, PR shows how prepared they were/are.

Here's something you need to watch and listen to.. Very carefully.. And follow..
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155407903708558&id=44053938557 …
After the flooding in SE missouri FEMA left me and so many other families with no help at all.. we lost everything FEMA did nothing to help!
Liar. Pig. National embarrassment. Ass!
hola
Why is muller still ahead of the FBI ? He is part of the swamp.the American people haves your back so  him asap he is a danger .
