I dare Trumpster to say anything negative about the emmy's. It was fabulous#CongratsAlec Baldwin
Fake president
Fascinating to watch you trying to do a job you know nothing about while Mueller is ordering posters of Ivanka for your future prison cell.
Back 80's & 90's was a die hard Trump fan!! Watched Apprentice every night!! I never would have imagined his great sense of humor w/truth
Jajajaja
#FakePresident
we know plenty about you. you are constantly in the press (because of your need to be seen) and have been for decades. not a pretty picture.
Mmmh...@ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
All TRUMP supporters are totally aware of all the fake news out there.  Easy to detect.  Don't even worry about it !  We have your back.
A Great Leader doesn't post petty "guess who I'm disparaging" messages. Very unpresidential.
Great Mr. President
Which is why you had a ghostwriter for your own book, instead of writing it yourself?
I agree......i do know your the best thing that has happened to this country in the last 8 years....keep up the good fight
You tell them Donald Duck
We know you're a White Supremacist who committed Treason against United States  of America!We know you're illegitimate! Isn't that enough?
Ultimately history will judge you by your deeds and the MSM will be irrelevant. Build the Wall, lower all taxes and rebuild our military.
Well Muller is gonna tell it all
Today on set a location manager told a medic to move his car from a film set because it said make America great again!
Jesus Christ stop talking about yourself.
You talk a lot about things you know nothing about, doesn't seem to bother you.
Really don't need to read a book your bullying tweets speak for you.  Listen to your wife.
The only thing "fake" in the news is anything that comes out of Trumps mouth! #DUMPTRUMP
BOTH penises are the size of a baby's pinky & neither of you have ANY balls. Maybe tiny peas, but certainly no more.
I wonder if he ever reads the replies to his tweets and if he does , I wanna see his reaction lmaoo
OH!  We know who you are.
#FAKENEWS @baylee_fogg
You need to stop watching talk shows and do your damn job.  Don't know what it is?  ASK.
Your brand of sleeze is pretty well documented I believe.
we know ur caving on Paris Accords. kissing up to
shumer, Pelosi,influeced
by liberal daughter et al &
let the best staff go
There is not much to find out about a person that has shit instead brain... that is.
You'll. Be my president for s very long time.
Just like the bar down the street, what they don't know about you, they make up.
there all jealous haters
zero access? You literally tweet your entire life...
If you continue to tweet with the vile things you say - people know you just fine.
What is left to know about you? You're a crook.
FAKE PRESIDENT
You are kidding, right? You love being in the spotlight. It's really difficult NOT to know anything about you. #haftabedead
Gregg Jarrett: Sessions should resign, but not before taking action against Clinton, Comey and Rice http://fxn.ws/2w4bojc   #FoxNews
Loser
What about your Russian connection ?
All I know is that you are a fake president cause you only think of you self and your kind of people a real president who really cares about people he helps out with alot of stuff a real president would be kind enough to help people who don't even have papers no matter what
He just makes it too easy. Brings rocks to a swordfight lol
Fascinating to watch you, old man, talking about Obama's birthplace and yet know nothing about him & have zero access. FAKE as Melania!
Outstanding
And you're a Drumpf fan too. Hat trick!
Haha... Truth !!
Africa angola guerra contra negros enviar armas si la si
Unfortunately, nowadays, the only way for some1 to have audience is attacking the work and personal life of the individual, such a shame. 
Whohoehoe  what all about you post here on Twitter and all you say on tv? Think we hear enough from you
What if I give you a crisp 5 dollar bill? Resign for me, Trumpy-poo?
Is your @Twitter account public? Can I have access to it so I can learn more about you?
How'd you know what their saying When you dont know how to read? ...you FUCKING MORON!
People  talk about  those they are jealous  of.But hay at least they are leaving someone  else alone. Proud of  you  Mr. President.
Yes, we do know tons about you because you post every thought on social media.
We all know enough about you to write a book. Your soulless character is on view for everyone all day every day.
How can a guy that’s earned/cheated his way to millions, cheated his way into the White House with a beautiful wife be such a fucking loser?
Mr President , The mentally ill, anti-America, cannot stop your Boss, God Almighty. He's in your corner, not there's
His picture and actions are worth a thousand words for a book
老普，来点实在的，什么时候帮助国军反攻大陆？
Unfortunately, we know more than we want too.
Just because it is not positive news about you doesn't mean it is fake you delusional old man.
yes you are right
우리한국사람의대다수는미국을은인국가로알고살아갑니다
미국인들정신은귀감받고존경을표합니다
한국전쟁때미국이없었으면오늘날한국은없었을것입니다
북한정권은지구상에서없어져야할정권입니다
같은민족이라는게수치스럽습니다
부디북한정권을없애주세요
Tony had access, and he thinks you're a douchebag.
Fascinating lol
U are #Fakenews
You forgot your buddy HOWARD STERN!  You openly blabbed about your tainted, twisted exploits on air.  Cozying up to Mr. Stern, who, in the end, didn't vote for you!
Ones words tell alot, but their actions & deeds tell ALL! All of them not just the set up photo opps!
#FakePresident
Dear President Trump,  they are afraid of you because your actually changing things.#hatersgonnahate. #trumpismypresident
Zero access? We can't get you to stop polluting the internet with your incessant gobshite!
With Fake news they get a great brain for ideas.  I listened to a few as CNN, they are guilty of  they accuse our President of, interesting
Everyone on Twitter knows about you.  You're the President #notfakenews
Scary - that you are not aware of what we can see and hear from your person. That's false! Who are you then?
If something looks and or smells like a POS, chances are it's a POS. Just saying.
she was so sure she'd won so she couldn't ruin usa in office she did it in a book no class also loves$
anything for a dime I need to know how 1attends wedding of evil Nazi the books ajoke
You have no time but you can hire.
Please for our all God(s) hold your speak until you are told or taught customary stuff... Obama had another agenda but hold a second.
Trump the false Republicans please because lies are known by voters but behind the scenes people only think they can control you.
What happens when you come to a point where you are a Democrat? God bless McCain...no bombs for Goldwater
You need to understand that you have to get your thoughts out first and plan on what you should say instead of being a mavrick
Take heed in what you say because people take it like you act actually on it...wonder why elephants don't take your nuts?
We all know you. Because you never shut up about anything. We all know more about you than we ever wanted too...
It's about me Me me me - he loves it. Everything his ratings - except his are deemed fake.
it IS facinating to watch people go on and on about things they know nothing about isnt it..
Your IDIOCY is showing them all they need to know... the only think FAKE is YOU! #TRUMPDUMP2020
Everybody thinks you're a racist just because of a bunch of racist shit you've done...those dumbasses
We know everything we need to know about you: a crooked money launderer for Putin and his oligarchs.  Enough said, #crookeddonald.
They are all idiots, trying to keep you from doing your job for American Folks!! Thank you for all you do!! 
You give it all up in public lol
You should be impeached. Your brain doesn't even understand the truth!
We love you president trump. We know better than to trust the news media. Pathetic #MAGA
Why don't you yell us about him John Miller.
Kind of like you with politics and how to run a country.
president Donald J Trump is a great man stop being jealous of him
President Trump,  Are there any reliable news stations?... Why don't you create one?
Love your passion for your job
anything that comes out of your mouth is fake
Word prez ....live long
Mountain man from? Ha
The only book I'm interested in about you will be written by a guy named Robert Mueller.
nobody is more fake than you. #cantwaittillyouregone
Dear Mr President how about we make the ACLU a hate group
NAMBIA!!!

Do u write/talk about other people?
what father takes his children down with him??  Not fake news, your job is to protect them, lets see you do that when the shoe drops
They aren't children they are grown ass adults that back him 100%
Ohhh! Don't fake ur self out, u r not a mystery, ppl know more about u, than you think.
#FakePresident
literally anyone who doesn't like you & writes about it is considered "fake news" ,hmmmm
Hey ass-hat why don't you post another tweet hitting HRC with the golf ball??!!!
real classy guy.  Great way for a president to act.
All unflattering information about me #FakeNews All favorable information about #Truth
I don't care what ppl say.  I think you're doing a great job!!  Keep up the good work.
I ignore them all. I trust what you say, Mr. President. Praying for you and VP Pence!
How can we trust you when everything you say is a lie? You say one thing then contradict what you just said.. #FakePresident
You're an open book. We know who you really are. 
You can't hide.
You are on the news 24/7, attempting to make major policy changes impacting every aspect of peoples lives - what did you think would happen?
You exposed yourself to the world so I think we know EXACTLY who you are and what you stand for. Your slogan should be "ME, MYSELF & I"
Amen. Recognize their ulterior motive.
Agree. The gall of people, name chasers for their pride fulfillment always amazes me.
Your life is a book for all people. U have always been in the public eye. If u don't want books written about u step down.
YOU are FAKE. Resign NOW. Election will be overturned. Promise.

Let's end #FAKE. Our MyL!VE app turns any cell phone into LIVE reporting camera. Future of news in hands of public. Tested by @ACTforAmerica
We know more about U than we want 2 or care 2 You are a sad open book Educational though, Now everyone knows the definition of a narcissist!
Mr. President. You are very loved. Liars will always be liars. Ignore and Keep making America great. YOU ROCK!!!!
Like you’ve ever read a book that didn’t pop up and someone had to make animal noises so you could giggle and clap your tiny hands
LOCK HER UP AND LET JUSTICE PREVAIL!!!!!
.. Sir most of these people talk about GOD as if they know HIM too... but don't worry they have no idea who HE is either.!!!
Mr. President people know more about you than yourself. You have drawn yourself in a hallucination and don't know it.
u are the one who created fake news.began when u planned w/Russia to put it out there.never heard that term before.
You have made the Establishment irrelevant and therefore the outrage.
That's what dictators do. Then they are overthrown or assassinated.
As proven over and over and over again. That big fat GOB opens, and here comes the endless lies. You even believe your own bullshit. STOOPIT
Btw, every time you say FAKE news, even the lowest IQ out there know that's a cue to pay attention, here comes the absolute truth. STOOPIT!
Con man, grifter, low life, Cheeto buffoon. I'll go ahead and answer the question you and your equally insecure Korean buddy are wondering..
You're not even fooling anybody. Did you look at the faces and expressions and snickering and rolling of the eyes and whispering? SO STOOPIT
Whet?
Writing about you... OMFG, you have no idea about the truth that is being written, for starters: #TaxEvader, #Terrorist, #Rapist, #LiarLiar
Fake President.
FOLLOWME. #TeamFollowBack
The only thing fake is you.#TRUMPS FAKE#SHOW YOUR TAXES
Funny how that works. Oh yeah, it doesn't work. It's called lying.
Lol. It amazes me how they don't have a clue.
Somebody know you
But they really know your behavior mr
They have eyes and ears though
A lot of that going around MR.  PRES. I work in a profession that loves to see you stand up for us and call them out!
Sue them for deformation  of  character ! !
I dont know if you paid your taxes.
Good
They more than u think, dont u underestimate other.
Nobody is writing shit about you but the truth!!
