Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons! Watch:… https://t.co/Hyx...
Nope
Roger that
and now i'll do nuttin but talk bullshit bout myself and how great I am. oh yeah... nice job fellers. now it's back to me
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
why don't u do something anout company's who out do
You snowflakes need to stop crying.  You lost the election you are losers now learn how to deal with it.  Bahahaha
POTUS, The twtrs make you look childish, spend more time on acting mature. Want my potus to look grown up.
notice how Twitter moves all negative comments to the top so it appears Trump has no support
How dis honest can you get
Just look at you... 6 women, mostly men, no people of color, no diversity, no justice for middle America.  #Pathetic
Look at your absurd hair!
Liat
Congratulations guy
They all want to spit in your face.
Go Air Force!!! Go Trump team!!! Go USA!!!
You probably do not even know what the Commander in Chiefs cup is for.
Those fellows were laughing at you behind your back !
You can tell a lot about a man by the company he keeps
Amazing .
Looks like if you marry your teacher you can do anything
They all hate you, Don the Con.
With the name like Westin Steelhammer you know they are great!
Go Air Force!!!
u should not have politicized this event. shame on u

US soldiers attend YPG militants’ oath-taking ceremony
http://sabahdai.ly/2JrsrD  
OK
home
show your taxes Donnie!

I'D BURN THAT TRUMP JERSEY !!!
Falcons and all of our military will learn what a Military haircut is with "Madog" in charge! Physical and intellectual fitness will reign.
Mr Trump you make proud to be an American again
Breathtaking
It's really an awesome moment.
I are so fake Chump
Libs are after us too. You're doing great. Godspeed.
#ThomasJefferson 
#WhiteHouseLawn 
#Traitor 
#TraitorTrump
Since you know nothing about what ex Presidents would do, let me tell you, you should stay off the White House lawn
Trump it's not going to be safe unless you OPEN up a visa LIKE I hear constantly SO we can OPEN up anytime any place BOYS
It's not working, Donald. Please work on your 'mommy & daddy hate me' issues, aka grow up!
Looks wonderful, President Trump.
You could have used fabulous here instead of great.
its pretty barren lol. You are more of a loser than you even care to acknowledge.
Don't party hardy for TrumpCare, it will not pass the Senate. Yr repub are NOT faithful to a lyin', cheatin' policy change. STOP IT.
U love to show  off but it gets old. Get to work, stay off camera, off twitter (2/3's have dropped you). Showing off doesn't get work done.
8oopi
Iii
why are you tweeting us all of your bullshit
Cool
Would've been some lovely pictures if YOU weren't in them. Pity.
秋篠宮佳子様又宮内庁に暗殺未遂される。朝鮮人が宮内庁に入ってこれで一年以内に二回目　しかもこれ教育させるとシラバックレル。早く宮内庁全部やめさせて米軍か自衛隊に秋篠宮家を将来の天皇様等を警護させて欲しい。help 犯人は雅子妃関係者だhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5eWvu5-vjI …
They looks so embarrassed to be there.
@LeducCounty are you guys out canvassing in Robinson area this week?
Mr. T. Let's put our Marines to work 
Send them to Vzla to get that country back on course. Bunch of delinquents in the government.
They were laughing AT you, not with you....
We are NEVER going to STOP RESISTING YOU!! You are going to have to fight until the end.
Did your thug friend Joey "no socks" make those trophies for you? Ha Ha!
At least one falcons team made it to the White House this year
We have never had a president so involved with WE the people.  Thank you President Trump
Nothing worse than a draft dodger acting like he's a part of the military. You dishonor those that served, were barber enough to serve
LMAO  I would love Trump to award me something just so I could say "Can I get a legitimate President to present this?"
I see a lotta folks wishing Obama was still president...
Do you get your suits cleaned or you do you just like that shiny worn look?
You didn't deserve to shake their hands.
Using our military academies to make cheap partisan political points dishonors our military.

#Impeach45 #resist
Congratulations on another rambling, goofy public appearance. Was it about you? Or the AF Falcons. Couldn't tell.
Ryan tannehill?
Ironic that a draft dodger like myself is able to give out the commander-in-chief trophy. @foxandfriends @FoxNews rocks!
Have you congratulated any #PurpleHeart winners this week?
Where's your pretend flight jacket?
love it!!
How sad to have to accept something from this joker instead of a real president.
Go AFA Falcons!   Bolt Brotherhood is in full force!
How much did it bother you that they all really wanted to meet Barak Obama?
Hopefully we will get a real commander in chief to present it to them
A perfect time, place and crowd to share combat stories. With you having served when called upon
Did u tell them u will send them to their death against NKorea & that u were a COWARD who LIED to get out of draft & Viet Nam? BET U DIDN'T
I think President Trump will carry out pre-war mobilization for to deal and  solve to North Korea crisis.
For your information, smart Trump is going to leave the crisis of North Korea to Xi......everything is just getting started...
Looks like they peeled a dirty underwear stripe and affixed it under your name Don.
Real racing 
How's the Russian Hearse Racing going?
Why didn't we get Paul Ryan's ass out of the speaker seat yet?! Kick him out so the President can do his agenda! Ryan is a traitor!
Wow clearly couldn't get a NFL JERSEY LMAO YOU ARE NOT POPULAR AT ALL DUDE
Except they hate you so much. It's tremendous!!!
Mr President Trump you are doing a great job for the American people, God bless you and keep you safe

You  last job when u work for you company is ok that is Life not easy ,  but you have my support , and you are my president mister
The lousiest draft dodger of all times plays Commander in Chief. LMAO
Is ok  some people's will  be happy about you speech others won  but is ok  that,s life and  like you say  is not  easy u working more then
Dear Mr. President, what are we going to do about the situation in Venezuela? Are there any Government Plans to end the conflict?...
Trump 1 won, a true hero of democracy, man that shake the world, the destroyer of demons Democratic Party of America, Trump the nobel #MAN
U blame Dems 4 empty positions which is false how about less celebrating at WH & time at ur places we have 2 pay 4 more security  do ur job

Ok
Pass the Falcon salt. Build the Officers Club first, golf course second and runways third.
Commander-In-Thief
ConMan(der)-In-Chief
#TrumpRussia
#CrimeSyndicate
#RussianCrimeSyndicate
Yaassss trophies
Hey clown, “In fact, the only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin’s c**k holster.”
Too bad for you they wouldn't honor you with their autograph like they did with Obama. @IvankaTrump
Release your damn tax returns!!  What are you hiding?!?
SALUTE
Falcons?  NO. FLUNKIES.  I treated them like a backdrop for my BLOWHARD comments!!!!
The commander in chief trophy means nothing when the commander is a Russian puppet.
Classless speech! Leave it to Trump to use REAL patriots as a backdrop for his meandering, venomous nonsense. SAD!
I wish we had a commander in chief...
Really? All the winners got from you is your rehashed election results! PATHETIC nut-in-chief!
How embarrassing to be there with you... The greatest embarrassment to the world's most honored position.
Too bad you spent the majority of this ceremony for team by whining & sniveling about everything when it's really your governing impotence
Thank you for Making America Great Again President Trump!
G*D BLESS our AMRMED FORCES, our POTUS 45 and AMERICA!
should have hidden your tiny hands
u put them thru miserable campaign event. had to tell them about millions votes rigged (lie), largest electoral votes (lie).
дядя, а ты @MishaKrupin собираешься поздравлять с др? Шо ты ваше себе думаешь? Как там Ванька ?
They were laughing at you, Not with you! You are starting to sound like a crazy old man. #RESISTANCE
I cant say I disagree.  I have often thought how long till Pence starts jockeying behind the scenes to take over.
Apparently @realDonaldTrump cannot spell on a third grade level.
.@jgold85 taught us that another fierce avian, the giant harpy, hunts monkeys! #SciJack 
http://scienceblogs.com/thoughtfulanimal/2010/05/06/giant-birds-and-terrified-monk/ …
Hunts ORANGE monkeys! Perfect!
When you sign this funding though mr. President I'm not getting another tweet
You are the laughing stock of the Globe.  America has lost respect from around the world.  SAD
What a joke
How sad it is that it would actually have some meaning coming from a real president #FakePresident #ConInChief
Too bad you aren't a winner too ;)
When will u honor the winners of the putter trophy of @The_DTL '16?
