do you know what's the saddest? You are the president representing this country
We will never be a country that's together until you are no longer leading this nation


SAD?!?!? CAN WE HAVE A REAL LEADER PLEASE. 
Here's what your doing to make it "better". 
1) Employing ACTUAL NAZIS
Trump Adviser Gorka wearing nazi ally uniform-the nazi group says he's a sworn member-so a nazi's LITERALLY in WH #Charlottesville #AMJoy 
2) Employing MORE NAZIS... #BIGOTinCHIEF #Charlottesville
3) AND EVEN MORE NAZIS... #BIGOTinCHIEF 
Read  http://www.theroot.com/staywoke-take-a-look-at-trumps-energy-appointees-dele-1796377704 …
#Charlottesville
4) NOT condemning NAZIS... #BIGOTinCHIEF 
#Charlottesville
Sad doesn’t even begin to describe the repugnant demonstration of hate in Charlottesville. This is not a serious response.
Trump needs to go beyond tweeting and make a televised statement to strongly reject white nationalism.
Many white nationalists believe the president is on their side, because they voted for him. That's made them bolder.
Now they are indulging in violence believing that they won't face punishment. Trump shares responsibility for their actions.
Trump should stop making belligerent comments abt Korea & instead condemn the violence in VA & commit to bring the perpetrators to justice.
Trump should also denounce white hate groups & send a clear message that ranting against Jews & minorities is NOT acceptable.
As I write this, there are videos showing a car ploughing into a group of counter protestors. Trump needs to get off his vacation asap.
The leader of a nation cannot be on vacation when the nation is facing threats inside and outside its borders.
So... your full condemnation of people marching IN YOUR NAME is "but Charlottesville sad!"
Say it with us Trump,

"white nationalist domestic terrorism"
"white nationalist domestic terrorism"
"white nationalist domestic terrorism"
Strange that you do a tweetstorm when someone in another country commits an act of terror, but when terrorists march in the US, it's "sad".
Retweet if you believe that Trump should be evaluated for mental illness before being allowed to access the Nukes!
The thought that the fate of the planet rests in the hands of a mentally ill dictator is frightning!
For god's sake, Trump can't even decipher tweets anymore!
I think he was scared cause we're on to him and hit it by accident. He's #DISTRACTING w/ N. Korea. It's called #WagTheDog
SOURCES:
.@WashingtonPost is said to have foreign Intel saying Trump & Kim talked long before faking the mini-nuke war bluster.
Why would Kim agree...well he's a #PutinPal remember?
What's in it for #Putin? Well looks like he's been gearing up to INVADE Ukraine for a WEEK!
Were you distracted?  #WagTheDog #RealNews
AND the nazi's rallied just in time to distract from this: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/12/us/politics/mueller-trump-russia-priebus.html … How convenient! BUT corrupt @GOP could stop all this!
Keep on #MAGA - they want a race war! We need to stand united!
#MAGA #TRUMP
#MAGA #TRUMP
#MAGA #Charlotte #Charlottesviille #TRUMP
There's no room for #racism. For the real racist pigs on both sides - you're PATHETIC! For #Soros paid leftist thugs - YOU'RE WORSE! #MAGA
Obama and Hillary have spent the past 8 years dividing our Great Nation -- President Trump is turning it around! #MAGA
Unlike Obama and Hillary, President Trump believes that ALL AMERICAN LIVES MATTER!
Americans from all walks of life are uniting behind our Commander In Chief, and rejecting the divisive rhetoric that Obama used to divide us
President Trump is Making America Great Again for every American, no matter their race, political party or economic status #MAGA
The failing #MSM incites riots and cahos to boost their ratings and divide Americans
On March 2nd, 2017, the NFA banned Jacob Wohl for life from the NFA or operating as a principal for any NFA member.
He hasn't said anything about his recent trial, either...
Neither will he volunteer for military service as all war mongers should do - he's a chicken-shit man-baby, just like his hero trump.
3 Years, 5 Months, 7 Days, 22 Hours, 59 Minutes, and 31 Seconds
We are on the verge of nuclear and civil war and you are playing golf. Bedminster, sad!
Why aren't you denouncing the KKK, Mr. President? Is it ok for them to rant against Jews and minorities with torches in hand?
This level of both civil and international unrest may be truly unprecedented in modern American history.
UVA had to cancel all elective surgery cases, which includes cancer resections. Will you tell a woman with breast cancer she has to wait?
You committed treason. You are bringing our country on the verge of nuclear war. Now civil war. You need to be impeached. Period.
It's just not happening fast enough.
Yes, sad, but you own this. Resign now.
Just step down and let the country come together.
This is you base. They are Nazis and klansmen
You are the cause of the hate and violence.
Ask Steve Bannon what he thinks of this.
Psalm 128:1
A Song of Ascents. Blessed is every one who #fears the #Lord, Who #walks in His #ways.
#TrashyTrumps #LockUpTheTrumps #impeachTrump #hypocrites
1 Peter 3:10
For “He who would #love #life And see good #days, Let him refrain his #tongue from [1/2]
should've used this one for "our march"
Of this
Our march. The  peaceful Women's March. And this was only San Diego.
Lansing, MI
Pittsburgh, PA
Thanks Obama
How is this Obama's fault? 
When they can't defend Trump they blame Obama.
It's getting absurd. And really sad. Can't wait for the epic "I told you so" moment
Right!
Somebody is gonna get killed. Especially with VA an open carry state. Its going to go up another level.
I just watched a live stream on YouTube a car plowed through counter protesters unfortunately it looks like someone already has been
Really dude?  "Charlottsville sad".That's all you got?

Publicly and specifically condemn the groups and leaders of these white supremacists
You have harsher words for Republican Senators, political opponents and real news organizations.
You call yourself a leader..then lead.  Do a press conference and publicly denounce the white supremacists that support you, like David Duke
This is YOUR doing.  YOU are the one dividing America to extents unimaginable on these shores.  This is YOUR America.
Can't wait for you to start blaming the Dems, Obama, Hillary, the eclipse, the dog etc. for what's going on in Charlottsville.
We The People see you.  WE SEE YOU.  And we can't wait for your fall.
#Charlottesville is not "sad". It is racist. Bigoted. Backward. Bullying. TERRORISM!!! And by not speaking out forcefully, u r complicit.
Camila seguindo os passos da lauren
camila sempre foi contra o trump. não vem colocar lauren no meio
He won't call out his deplorable followers.
Lets see if Mr. Trump condemns this terrorist attack on citizens defending their 1st Amendment rights.
BREAKING: Vehicle plows into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia; injuries unknown.
Agree?
We ALL must be united & condemn all hate stands 4. No place 4 this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one! #Charlottesville
Yes. And we must condemn the terrorist who just rammed a bunch peaceful counterprotesters exercising their 1st Amendment rights as Americans
We must protest the presence of neo-Nazi advisors to the President. Gorka, Bannon, etc. must be replaced with people who love AMERICA.
"Charlottesville sad?" 

Are you a 5 year old?!
They're doing it for you, Donald. You're not sad, this is what you wanted.
Sickening
Your presidency and administration, SAD!
Your narcissism, impulsivity, unprofessionalism, and incompetence, all SAD!
Sad indeed
SAD? Trump nationalist agenda & white supremacist advisors are what is SAD. Your refusal to call this white supremacy is SAD. This is ON YOU
YOU are SAD

YOU ignited this #UniteTheRight hatred in #Charlottesville 

Are you proud of this?
The moment a car plows down protesters at #Charlottesville By ☩ Faith J Goldy @FaithGoldy 
Of course he is proud of it Jhamel.
He is proud of everything he owns.
And make no mistake, @GOP enables #Trump 

#Republicans own this hate display in #Charlottesville

Voters won't forget. Ever.

#VoteThemOut
He's going to speak. UGH. 
Let's see how he twists and exploits this for his own benefit. I already hear "when I won..." 
How about denouncing these #deplorable white nationalists instead of fostering the movement?
Sad?! How about your usual statement "knock the shit out of them"?  Or does that only apply to some?
Love how you just kinda tacked that on at the end, like "look guys, I'm on vacation here, and really don't wanna be bothered, but, OK..."
Let me try and Tweet for you here, OK? Here's what you SHOULD say, if you were a halfway decent person:
I strongly condemn the abhorrent white nationalist rally that took place in VA. Such demonstrations of hate have NO PLACE in this country.
See? That wasn't too hard, was it? Try again, Donnie.
Bannon does not approve
No doubt about that.
DROP SOME BOMBS ON THOSE NAZIS, MISTER PRESIDENT!





You're just spamming images now after Nazis held a rally. Read the mood of the room bot
Drinking game:We take a sip whenever Trump says something critical about Russia or white supremacist terrorists

Result:We all die of thirst
You could quit the meetings and get to C-ville and personally tell your acolytes to stand down. ARE YOU NOT A LEADER, SIR?
Reset your expectations. He's not a leader and never will be.
True, he can't even lead his own Stormtroopers.
That's kinda offensive to Stormtroopers...
My apologies! I should have used "Sturmtruppen."  I will remember this in the future.
You better.  Hell hath no fury like a Star Wars Geek 
I am beginning to come to the full realization of this truth.

"but Charlottesville sad?!"  Domestic terrorism by white supremacists and that's the best you got huh?  I don't know if you are even a ...
Human man much less a POTUS.
@kblocki Terrible a woman died crossing the street and became a random target of actual terror style killing. attempting to mass murder!
It is.  And the two officers no one seems to be talking about for some reason.  Obviously their deaths were less direcly caused but still.
I believe these people have a right to speech, but I think the police will have some questions to answer for failing to keep the protesters
And counterprotesters separated.  I just hope the body count goes no higher.
The defending and offending front lines were all that was filmed, did anyone film a "white supremacist" using other then pepper spray?
Sticks.  I'll get you the image.
Fire them. Take a stand. PROVE that you are not afraid of these people who use your name for hate.
#FireBannon
#FireGorka
#FireMiller
What is sad is how hard it is for you to denounce the actions of Nazis.
He is a Nazi sympathizer
Oh really? Does it make you sad? LIAR!!! You inspired this. This is your base. Guarantee every one of these Nazis voted for you.
They're chanting, "heil Trump", along with their Nazi slogans. But you expect us to believe this makes you 'sad'. You're ruining America.
Keep PREACHING sis
Are you out of your mind? This is an organized hate group that you cannot condemn? These white supremacist are nothing but hate. Is that you
David Duke in #Charlottesville saying this Nazi, #UniteTheRight fiasco "fulfills the promises of Donald Trump."
@realDonaldTrump see what you created.  Sick!
Why can't you call out David Duke? He's on record, on video, today saying he does this FOR YOOOOUUUU.  And you love it! 
Stop with the nonspecific platitudes and LEAD by example. Call out this disgusting hatred in your name.
David Duke in #Charlottesville saying this Nazi, #UniteTheRight fiasco "fulfills the promises of Donald Trump." 
"We're going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump" and "take our country back"  FROM WHOM? No one's taken 'your' country, it's ours too.
David Duke sets off my gaydar  just sayin'
(I mean he's gross, but just wondering what self-hatred and fvcked-up upbringing led to this) 
Retweet if you trust Trump!
I trust Trump to ruin the political system on the United States and possibly start a war or two
The same people who say #NotAllMuslims somehow don't understand #NotAllWhites are like this? Liberals calling for WHITE GENOCIDE created it.
Moronic. We are living in the stupidest of times. Liberals created the Nazis yelling "Heil Trump" and wearing MAGA hats 
No, you created them by telling them they had a President in the white house. Also, silencing conservatives and called for White Genocide 2
You caused this and you own it. You don't and won't have the guts to call it what it is ....TERRORISM!
Is that all you have to say about #Charlottesville? Sad? You're fucking pathetic.
He's beyond pathetic at this point
About time. Condemn the Nazis!
Very sad statement. Don't want to alienate your base so you can't do the right thing and condemn your Nazi supporter's hate.
If he condemns them.. his ratings would drop to 3%
CALL IT WHAT IT IS...
Just like obama used the term Islamic terrorism right?
But see that wasn't Islamic terrorism. This is nazism
But it was. Your president refused to use the term, so you were sheeple’d into thinking it wasn’t
Those people aren't Muslims. They're radicals. If that's Islamic terrorism then the KKK is Christian terrorism
Charlottesville isn't "sad," it's a despicable reflection of the hate and intolerance that your administration normalizes & even embraces.
You're the best leader we could ever have asked for! Thank you!
Bot much?!?
Apparently pretty much. Has a 10/10 bot rating.
Jews are banned from entering 16 Muslim countries, no one utters a word. Trump says to ban Muslims from entering US & the world goes crazy!

Every single Nazi there voted for you. Every single one. 

Denounce them.
I bet a lot of them didn't vote at all. They don't like to go out in public by themselves.

You're a solid-gold jackass.

You courted these people. As @joanwalsh said you didn't use dog whistle it was a foghorn. You own #Charlottesville
Joan, So glad you were narrating events today. We needed your honest voice.
But @realDonaldTrump wouldn't know what war is 5 times draft dogger
You seemed to be ok with Bill Clinton dodging the draft. Why is it different with Trump?
He was against the Vietnam War. He didn't LIE to get a deferment to avoid going. He then reenlisted, but his number wasn't called.
Trump claimed heel spurs & continued to play sports. He lied. THAT'S why it's different.
Not your best work.
He might as well have just tweeted out #covfefe
SAD?!? That's what ya got?!? It's just sooooo hard to actually condemn WHITE NATIONALIST TERRORISTS, isn't it? Why, because you're  one?


This tweet is too long
Mr President, Thank You 4 being a Strong Leader for America as we deal with this violence & hatred. God Bless our @POTUS #Chalottesville
How is refusing to call it murder by a white supremacist being a "Strong Leader?"  Look at other posts by decent Repub's and get back to me.
Unclear here if you're talking about VA., the state where #Charolettesville is located, or V.A. (which you wrote) as in the veteran's admin
He was speaking of Veterans Affairs in this tweet.  A bill was signed yesterday helping our medical care program.
I'm curious to see how he's "helping" medical care for Vets. Do you know, by chance?
$2.1B funding from the governemnt to assist with new hospitals and give us private Medicare.
We probably won't see a change.  We haven't in decades.  I'm still awaiting surgeries...
Jesus. So sorry man. My family is Air Force. Which branch did you serve in? All my well wishes to you
Army..  And no worries I'm still alive.  Thank you!
Vets have the best attitudes. You're in my thoughts. Have a good Sunday 
"but charlottesville sad!" - Donald Trump, truly inspiring words that touched us all
WTF is wrong with you? They're Nazis. Csll them Nazis and condemn them in the strongest terms. Your Jewish grandchildren are watching!
Am in Bednminster to play golf pretend I'm working and trying as hard as I can not to offend my Nazi friends.
He is probably mad the Country keeps bothering him while he's golfing.
Yeah probably royally pissed off but just as the Nazi apologists did in the 30s he tells us that the Nazis are bad bit tgeir victims are too
I love North Korea
YOU are sad. YOUR reaction is sad. And thinking about someone with your intellect in that office is VERY SAD.
Why won't you explicitly condemn the nazis in our streets and in the White House #FireBannon #ImpeachNow #25thAmendmentNow
@realDonaldTrump  you  have not done a dam thing but promote hate, surround yourself with white supremacist cabinet. and GOLF
it is illegal to fly the swastika flag in Germany yet your base marches proudly with it in the USA. Nazis feel safe here because of you.
Maybe now you will fire President Bannon.  I guarantee you that no one carrying a Nazis flag voted for Hillary.  They voted for you
Your tweet...sad!
Your presidency...sad!
Your brain...sad! 
Your approval rating...sad! 
Your mental stability...sad! 
Your future...SAD!
The fact that Trump was even born... sad!
Totally.  This is the fuckin we get for the fuckin his parents got. 

The EPITOME of a BAD SEED.

The devils MOST EVIL HANDIWORK 
Nasty little "man" with a chip on his shoulder!
Are you going to address that this White Supremists move was in Support of you?  You don't call a spade a spade ,do you?

You are in Bedminster to hide from your responsibilities as the president because you are a coward and totally unqualified and unfit to lead
Wow, everyone is regurgitating about "white nationalists" and ignoring the other side was just as violent. Communists are alt-left democrats
I'm not sad I'm freaking furious you will not denounce nazis!!! Don't you dare let #HeatherHeyer die in vain !!
official statement from president on very serious issue: "charlottesville sad!l"

You actually have to go give a damn  about this country and diversity to be an effective leader. Why hasn't the national guard been called
Mailed yesterday to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW
My semi-weekly post card.
Amazing how it has crossed paths with 
#Charlottesville coverage. 
Jews are banned from entering 16 Muslim countries, no one utters a word. Trump says to ban Muslims from entering US & the world goes crazy!
Sad? WTF is sad? This is frightening evil. Angry. That's what you should feel. FAILURE! Pathetic!
More than Sad, that the Liberals keep Division going.!
. The left is the problem. Btw, they are on Soros pay roll.
Your press conference was yet another reason you are not qualified.  Your statement was transparent blaming everyone for the riot. U suck.
Are you sad ? Or is Charlottesville sad? Or is the situation? Can't tell how you feel with your inability to tweet a coherent thought
Make it better?! Why not resign?! Freaking BIGOT!
"Anyone who cannot name our enemy is not fit to lead our country." Donald J Trump, 2016

I would retweet this a million times if I could!
#FireBannon 
#FireGorka 
#FireMiller
what kind of fuckwitted tweet is that? SAD???? you are unfit for office.
Bedmo? Gert lush.
Did you and David Duke plan this?

You are the nazi leader. Come out against them or we come out against you. Simple. Best regards.
Make it better by condemning KKK, Nazis, and white supremacists. Then resign to show you mean what you say. SAD does not cut it! #TRAITOR
don't fake empathy. make an actual response. pathetic.
He is absolutely ridiculous.
i agree
You know what's "sad", this stupid tweet.
No such thing as a stupid tweet, just stupid people who tweet...
The only thing sadder is your failure to repudiate the white nationalists who murdered one and severely injured many more in Virginia.
He refuses to bash KKK and white supremacists b'coz he is in a meditative mood these days after having organized White House Bible studies.

You're a sad weak man. Shameful.
all the words available to u in the English language and u choose to classify horrific heartbreaking & terroristic acts as sad? Unbelievable
That'll take up about 5 minutes of your time. How about condemning Nazis instead?
It isn't as sad as the fact you're our president...
Can you speak or write in a comprehensive, complete sentence? I really wonder!
WHY ARE YOU STILL PRESIDENT OH MY GOD.
Q
Wrong not sad Wrong Nazis marching in USA. President doesn't condemn. So Wrong!
To all of you out there, no matter what's your color the bottom line is our blood is red so wtf ?
Maybe you need to be in Washington... Firing Bannon... Fighting for ALL AMERICANS!
You're a white supremacist! #RacistTrump #TrumpRussia #TraitorTrump @npr @pewdiepie @nytimes @nerdist @ALT_uscis
With all due respect, "sad" is a gross understatement. Waiting for you to lead and denounce hate and name perps for who they are. Please.
You will forever be the biggest loser our world has ever known. The only statue that will be made of you will be in the shape of a urinal
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
This is probably the most pathetic tweet that you have written yet. Time after time you astound us all with your dribbling incompetence.
The word SAD does not cover what happened in VA. You need to CONDEMN this white supremacist attack on the US as a terrorist group. Man-up!!
It you truly want to make things better, please resign.  

Best regards, terrified American
This echoes FDR's stirring "but Depression bad" fireside chat.
Am in Indiana writing book & playing with my cats. Had bowel movement an hour ago. Big salad for dinner. But Charlottesville--real bummer!
Use a fucking dictionary and come up with a better response, incase you forgot you are a president, not on reality tv.
Protest your base! Name it for what it is! You are the worst president in US History. That's sad! God help us! 
it's also sad when the Governor of VA (McAuliffe) refuses to denounce ANTIFA/BLM domestic terrorists.
They're the Troops of the DNC.
Sad. Really? That's all you have? You're a pathetic, bottom-feeding leech. Your supporter is guilty of murder. Do you get that at all?
"Charlottesville sad!" Good God you're like a first grader. These people were chanting "Heil Trump" - you've encouraged them, wooed them.
Death Blood and Mayhem on the hands of Trumps failed Administration.Your Fired, Step Down Now!! @ap @wsj @DowJones @bbc @SABCNewsOnline @cnn
@realDonaldTrump
Amendment 25 or Impeachment
We're happy with either!
#RACIST #SATANIC #RABBLEROUSER #UNPRESIDENTIAL #BRINGBACKBARACK  #UGH
A terrorist attack with car and the best the leader of the country can say is "sad" #Unbelievable
Now we know what Michelle Obama meant when she said we now know what NO HOPE feels like!!!!!  U r the NO HOPE President
Mr trump these left hateful terrorist are trying to keep you on defense chasing your tail they create mirages things that's fake &hateful
What's sad is the fact that you're our president!! Step down and bow out before our nation completely crumbles!!!!!!!
you are playing golf and laughing to yourself while you destroy our country
Yeah we know how sad you are!
Great, you've single-handedly given the Nazi party hope for a place in society. Proud of yourself, or do you owe them something? Judgeship?
Hitler Trump
