it's easy to blame everyone else for your failure. isn't it?
you mean like how Obama would constantly whine about how it's not his fault he inherited a mess from Bush?
I wasn't referring to Obama , and even if he. did, he has all the rights too, he. inherited a war, and financial crisis
Evidently there were more conflicts on Obama's watch than any other president, Noble Peace prize, joke!
is that. based on the evidence ( lies) trump administration providing?
WHY THE FUCK IS THE POTUS ON TWITTER???
Why are you talking to Trump?? 
The guy keeps complaining about so much BS; I thought I had every right to complain about him. Fair, no?
He is a moron. 
Are you American, Patti?
So...Are you a Trump fan?
Yawn. Your petulant posts are getting boring. Any comment on investigation into Russian ties and your administration?
Do you even history bro?
he stopped paying attention after 1865.
Yes And now harrassing new Ed Secretary
The Ed Secretary that can't spell?
I'll block No time for such clowns
good job! I'm starting to just block them also it's a waste of time and energy, agreed!
.@realDonaldTrump @Mathiasian Today is Feb. 23, and #TrumpCabinet is still not in place.  Obstruction by Democrats!
Take a page from BFF give em Moscow journalist treatment. That'll make things faster 
#trumpethics
Love the Jim Carrey shot on bottem right. Hillarious!
Considering 9 of your appointees couldn't pass background checks and we're escorted off White House premises
Fuckhead.
you need to @ Ikea if you want them to read it xox
The disgrace is some of the "people" you want to fill your cabinet with.
@POTUS not even close.
Seeing as you hate fake news - this is straight up lie Donald.
If you had any legitimate gov't experience, or were acquainted w/ nominally qualified candidates, it wouldn't take so long.
you should really check your facts before blurring things out. Thats how you get "fake news"
. @realDonaldTrump No one obstructing your sub cabinet nominations but you and your team. Why so slow? @SangerNYT 
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/11/us/politics/rex-tillerson-trump-white-house.html …
.@realDonaldTrump Your staff has blocked more nominations than Democrats have. Why? #trustmattismuch?
@karendeyoung1
It's obvious the Democrats don't care about what is best for our Nation.They are destroying us. Praying for you.
Americans WILL NOT Forget!!!!
@VP @rharrisonfries Reince/Ryan are your greatest obstructionists! They are bigger threat than @GenMikeFlynn~You know this2
Boy, I hope he does.@Lindaquackenbus @realDonaldTrump @VP @rharrisonfries @GenMikeFlynn
BACKFIRE!  
You have gotten more done than all Presidents, with a partial cabinet! 
Dear Progressive Democrats this actually called; work!

don't listen to the clown premier from alberta. She has bankrupt most Albertans @RachelNotley
are you aware that nobody gives a shit, it's already passed noon get your life together
this is incorrect. Obama did not get his Cabinet until April following his election. I'm 17 and I know more than you
Misdirection about cabinet is NOT governing sir. Especially w/weak WH mgt. Get GOP help. Something unimpeachable please.
DMS are trying to destroy USA and OBAmA is the Trojan Horse
Its a disgrace your cabinets stocked with Goldman Sachs execs when you campaigned to keep Wall Street out of the Washington
Yep! That's a lie...not even #alternativefacts just a blatant lie. Being uninformed is no excuse for lying
@arlinbryant  All I can say is get use to it. Seems to be the norm for losers in general.
@Truthresistopp #45, Why tweet a lie? DISGRACEFUL. Clinton, Obama, & George HW Bush didn't have cabinets in place in Feb.
the only disgrace is that you're in office.
@notiro03 these idiots that are blocking gvt function need to either resign, or stop collecting a paycheck for doing nothin
President Trump, I would love to work for you!! I might lack experience in this field... but I make up for it with common sense and decency.
If they win, Mr. President, it is the end of America.
love Soth Korea people name 보수love U.S.APresident Donald TrumpPresident Park Geun-Hye
조원진 Cho Won-Jin대한애국당보수love President Park Geun-Hyelove President Donald Trump
U.S.A       President Donald Trump대한애국당  조원진Cho Won-Jin미국 트럼프 대통령님을 환영합니다!”보수
대한애국당   Cho Won-Jin보수U.S.ASouth KoreaPresident Donald TrumpPresident Park Geun-Hye
진보공산친북노조노동조합원민주노총더불어민주당Jeonrado GwangjucandlelightMoon Jae-In전교조정의당
North Korea spy Moon Jae-In                                   North Korea spy Name진보노조민주노총
Jeonrado people외부인진보        더불어민주당정의당통합진보당       민주노총 Moon Jae-In
North Korea spy      노조민주노총Moon Jae-In
North Korea spy Name 노조언론노조금속노조건설노조파업민주노총문세광         Moon Jae-In candlelightKim dae-Joong
North Korea spy name-> 전국민주노동조합총연맹친북노조금속노조노조민주노총         진보전라도전대협
전라남도전라북도Jeonrado김대중Kim Dae-Joong문재인Moon Jae-In노무현Noh Moo-Hyun
문재인의 조상은 전라도이고 북한솔안마을출신. 문재인의 조상의 고향은 전라도입니다. 노무현도 전라도사람입니다. 문재인노무현김대중candlelight people hometown Jeonrado
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. You are our lion in winter.  MUCH GRATITUDE.
Liar. You have failed to nominate anyone for hundreds of positions.
! To many blondes trying to run the White House.Counting 3.2 million short votes, crowd size, wiretapped microwave GOP@WORK
I see the evidence of Trump derangement syndrome everywhere and I'm loving it
Democrats are disgraceful, proud to have an honest President that won't give up! Glad I changed my party to Republican
And they are putting all of us Endanger by delaying and not filling your cabinet!
thank you we are excited for you to make America great again.
they will be remembered for trying to destroy america while your administration will be remembered for making the US great!
the dems are on a witch hunt
the Dems are pathetic
@countryguy1010 @ronniea47  
It's a Nice way to Stop an Incoming POTUS from discharging Executive Duties& Responsibilities.
@countryguy1010 @ronniea47 Difficult 2 fathom this stupidity.
Is it not POTUS PRIORITY  to select his own TEAM.Surprising?
all we ever saw during the Obama years was GOPnik obstruction, including FAKE NEWS about his birth.
You don't think it's because no one much wants to serve under you - that you're regarded as toxic? #CouldBe
Still not!2/26/17.
they continue doing their stupid stunt, they hurt themselves. .bye bye crazy Dem
