I'm sure that the billions you owe them and the billions you will make them buy plenty of "respect". TRAITOROUS SHIT.
Putin could care less about problems of the world. Don't be a fool. He wants to destabilize our country.#hesgotagoodstart
you can't be serious, maybe delusional but not serious. Remember this?
RUSSIA  +  USA  = FRENDS  !!!
@simonovkvramble @realDonaldTrump Хуже вражды с англосаксами может быть только дружба с ними.
Один вопрос : вы, смертник ?  Жить не хотите ?

Жить не хочешь ! В США тоже дебилы есть. Они на ТРАМПА давят.. чтобы он поменял свою точку зрения
Им нельзя доверять. Они нам гадили на протяжении всей истории взаимоотношений. Так и будет
Так и ТРАМПУ тоже говорят : РОССИЯ  обманет тебя .  Поэтому.. надо ТРАМПУ доверять ! Он молодец .

@Emirati_Sheikha coming from a person who caused Americans to be in poverty.
TRUMP? Give him a chance, how can he be worse. America has been raped and pillaged for decades. Peace
Well it will start to happen in America. Then american people will realize that they created a  Hitler.
It's quite a hyperbole and extreme accusation to compare Trump to Hitler.
Hey man, I hope I didn't offend you with the last tweet. I apologize if I did.
no why???
good day sir
shavooa TOV
Mr. President, If U extradite Soros to Russian it would mean his money could not be used to buy protesters! GOOD THING!
that is a nice thought, but just remember who he is and where he came from.

you are the biggest threat to our country
yeah sure. You have shown how great you are at solving problems... ohhh wait No... you're great at creating them!
Russia hacked America, and you want to be friends with them, is that brownring from putins bunghole?
like that you're going to be president? Yes, please solve that problem.
Don, all I know is what's on the internet & many people are saying you're Putin's puppet. There's something going on. Sad!
fantastic
You are not king. You have to work with the very people you have been insulting. You are a PUPPET of PUTIN with NO MANDATE!
2 loons with their unstable fingers on the button. anybody else feel safe and secure in trumps blanket comforting words?

why are you defending Russia?

#Trumpleaks
You're a cheater.
nice, ready for trash pick-up!! @OneLastRun54 @realDonaldTrump
china or as you say chiner. Far more important than Russian unless you are beholden to them for the win. #2,864,974
You tweet to DISTRACT and ATTACK. U R ridiculous. So predictable. A presidential CLOWN. Your tweets R a #NothingSandwich Ω
Tell us about Blackstone
Russia is large cause for MANY of the problems. In order to stop them it's impossible to be nice to them!
wait til Putin screws you, you'll think differently
how is russia going to help when they cant even help themselves?? Why not buddy up with china
more than you know
the world, you say? I thought you were more ambitious then that.
They went for the gas lines in Crimea and we went for the pipelines in Aleppo....It's not hard to see.
May the Lord Jesus bless you and your family with peace, wisdom, understanding and knowledge. The American people love you.
i'm terrified when you start to learn how to use emoji's. 
The VA has to recognize Gulf War Illness, don't wait until it's too late like agent orange and we are all dead.
Look at Dr Beatrice Golumb's study on Cipro toxicity as Gulf War Syndrome....
You  are  delusional .
I agree and I am glad you have a positive attitude towards Russia. Good luck. Many are counting on you. 
The difference is I do not believe for one second that Russia attacked us.
There is no evidence aka "fact" that Russia hacked the election, HRC lost because she was a horrible candidate, period.
I wanted Bernie & voted & campaigned for Bernie so stfu. Hillary is worse than what we got imo, less WAR is a good thing!
please stop...
You should try working with the people across the street (like Schumer) before reaching out to Putin
@MonsterMarcia @realDonaldTrump O. My. Goodness! Thank you!! This is the kind of wisdom Trump needs from his advisors!
must be removed from office ASAP and at all costs and whatever it takes, legally. @SecretService
troll
Traitor
can Russia help us with our income inequality and lack of universal healthcare?
you want a better income, get a better job
I have a great job. I want other folks to have the same opportunities I was able to get.
How do you think your opportunities would be in mother Russia? Stop and think about how great USA is.
and so very bad for americans to listen to this shit out of your mouth
just wanted to inform you that you're the biggest loser president in history. Have a nice day.
yeh he won but he's shown that his winning while losing the popular vote has bothered his narcissism
no I know he watches all his tweets because he's an ego maniac and it's fun to bother the man baby
Putin is playing you like a fiddle, you think he's helping you out of the goodness of his heart?
proof???
all of Putin's political career...
your cracked crapola plan of uniting with russia . trumps all roads lead to moscow so get the hell out of usa. And go live
you knocked it our if the park
in lenigrad and eat cabbage and drink vodka and shovel snow in front of trumpletta lenigrad tower.  Go on. Its good for you
this is a crack pot plan.  You listening??? U.s intell says russia influenced our election.   Go on trumps. We dont want
DO IT !!!
Donald J. Trump
@realDonaldTrump
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
6:21 PM · Jan 7, 2017
Blair is toxic
Trump hates when media runs this picture. Please stop posting it.
.@mskristinawong @ScientiaPercept @realDonaldTrump I can't even count how many chins are there
I also didn't know they made girdles for men irl until I saw him off the stage. @realDonaldTrump
I honestly thought they were like a movie/tv/cartoon thing.
I'd laugh, but then I remember that @realDonaldTrump will be leader of the free world *sadface*
Just remember @realDonaldTrump is wearing a girdle the whole time. It will get funny again.
Just remember @realDonaldTrump is already showing signs of Alzheimer's like his father had...
Don't do that dude. He's a liar and a sociopath, not sick. There's a difference. @viznix @mskristinawong @realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump Russia has shrinking economy, rising infant mortality, declining life expectancy, wide corruption And u want to invest?
Imagine if we can bring capitalism to Russia  best allies ever!

@SCClemons @camamor22 @realDonaldTrump
yea cause Putin wants capitalism
It boosts productivity.
except majority of Russia wealth is in kremlin/Putin y would he change that
No the majority of Russia's wealth is still in the land
Why wouldnt you wanna mine resources, yeah?

בראש הדברים;
יום הולדת
שמח
לנשיא .
מזל טוב
חיים יפים
וארוכים.
רק 
ביחד
כל
המדינות
תוכל
להביא
לרווחה
לאנשי
העולם.
AMEN 
.@realDonaldTrump Honey, I don't know how to tell you this, but Vladimir is not using you to help solve the world's problems.
.@realDonaldTrump This is purely about oil and his own influence, angel. It breaks my heart to tell you he's not the friend you think he is.
Bad deal - Trump Towers in Russia in return for US electoral integrity and self-respect
Choose wisely...
Do you see irony of presenting globalism as a modern threat to a country born a colony in a global empire?
No. Globalism means One Gov't under one Flag- the United Nations flag.
No threat of that happening. UN's been going 70 years and we have more countries than when it started.
What's fairly new is global companies - dodging tax and chasing low cost labor. Companies like DT's.
Move along... Trump is change that now.
Yep, 50 yrs in business doing just that. I'm sure he's going to change now. How gullible are you?
Really? How gullible are you to want to continue policies that are killing the USA?
well said sir
you do realize you are far too stupid to solve the simplest of puzzles let alone anything of actual consequence right?
There was a time before there was a department in the government, hemorrhaging taxpayer money spying on them that...
that citizens of this country trusted their representative government, its authority and their agents...
Before the Flood (2016) - http://www.imdb.com/rg/s/1/title/tt5929776 …

Minute 26-27.
Sorry Melania Trump but you can't buy class and respect it is earned ....
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
: #VladimirPutin's only goal is to save HIS ЩФЯLↁ ! Did you notice, you are not the only one who can use CAPS!
If Hillary didn't have the urge to busybody into other countries only to make gargantuan messes!
YOU ARE CRAZY!!!!
It won't be the first time yet a long time coming. Fresh Starts Do Work. Move forward. With 20/20 Hindsight. Keep Sight

you are the problem of the world
how is this going to happen when you're on twitter all dang on day?
yeah, being allies with russia will help end with global warming, a thing you don't believe it exists.
GOOD LUCK. Better men have tried. You think he likes you but hint: he is just using you. He thinks your weak. #RESIST
Blow the Trumpet! Real Women love Trump! Praying Warriors back Trump, Real Men Pray for Trump! #blowthetrumpet #Godstrumpet
all countries matter... even China.
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
make Russia great again

Traitor no intel for you!
you are totally up to something who are you buying Donnie?  Or who has bought you? That's  the question!
We will need all of the anti-muslim nations to fight RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM! Work together on this one Guys! EVIL!
WALL
Putin/Russia didn't trust Clinton and did what they thought was necessary according to Intel Report. We all need to read it
Mr Präsident 
Ich wünsche ihnen viel Erfolg bei den grossen Aufgaben die auf ihnen zukommen.
tcat  do whati did. Order a copy of Hillary Clinton campaign contributors. U may like Trump after you see
I've been following "Every Trump Donor" and sure haven't like what I've seen there- execs and retired.
Better read up!!!
This is Russian #propaganda.
Just how much do you owe Russian banks - and what dirt do they have on you? You are so pwned, it's embarrassing.
TRAITOR!!LOCK HIM UP!!
you are nothing but a big lier.if this is fake news then why dont u show your taxes to shut everyone up. You cant
traitor


the operative word is "perhaps"!!!
.@realDonaldTrump this is a new level of incoherence for you. Did you ever pass an English class???

About as sharp as a shoelace
AMEN!
How about getting them to stop bombing Syria and killing innocent people, if they are such good friends of yours?
MSM doesn't want u to succeed. The majority of America is wishing u success. RU & IS relations have improved due 2 hope!
The puppeteer respects the tools of his or her trade.
You have the right idea!  I think you and Mr. Putin will really work well together to solve many of the world's issues!
at best you are low level management on the world stage.
Just make sure one of those "PROBLEMS" isn't NATO, I know that's a "PROBLEM" Putin want's 2 get rid of, Don't b a Trader
You now claim Russian hacking had no influence on the election.  If true, why bring up stolen emails on campaign trail?
liar
it's bullshit
what a JOKE YOU ARE!
ты вообще чёткий президент  хочу к вам переехать, организуй плз хату 
Jesus taught us how to live peacefully with one another...let us follow His example...
greatness by America's own foundations & cons. to promote America's own patriotism & loyalty always.
Perhaps. And perhaps we will become one country under President Trumputin or is it Putrumpkin? You decide and tweet us.
Just so you know, Russia IS a major pressing problem and issue of the world. Write that down.
Hopefully you're smart enough not to end up in that  of his. Best of luck
Says the person who gutted the EPA.  I'm sure you're *very* concerned with the problems of the world.
Man-Brat, you forgot to say "beautiful" after "great" as you usually do, especially when talking about things you will do.
32yrs in medical field, call if you need me
Donald is my man, love the Russian bear, and he'll embrace you and kiss you on both cheeks.
Share vodka!
Vodka and German Beer!!! Trump MAGA!
I'm sure,
whatever Trump is fond of
Putin will have a taste of.
Cheers and Na zdorovje!
I'll drink to that.
Putin stooge you never stopped talking about the email leaks pre-election now you want to pretend it didn't matter

do I get one of their cool hats when I have to swear allegiance to the mother country?
:China ?
Taxes, taxes, taxes release your taxes
Like over population and how to efficiently eliminate the overflow of people by causing world famine.?
With respect Mr President Elect.  PLEASE. STOP. TWEETING...    signed - everyone who voted for you
Donald, what's up w/ the tantrums? Is Jared out of town? Did he take ur pacifier & diapers w/ him? Can we say daddy issues?
Might want to check with your new Russian boss.
The Gov Of Our World America & This Globalist Outside World Brainwashed To Believe We Can't Work Things Out They Are Wrong!
those seeking solutions are welcome..all others...move aside
What a load of crap, Donald. Wish we could deport you.
now he is closing down prisions which I suspect is to help pay for syrian refugees.  Endorse the Republican who will run
Are we to forgo our values in democracy, human rights and international norms for the sack of normalizing relations?
like global warming?? Because that's a GLOBAL issue...
There is no working with Russia unless you're not a Patriot.  Traitor
Like...will u let Vlad cum inside or make him pull out?

#ICallBullshit on Putin caring about anything but Putin
He murder some people who get in his way, Mr Trump. Hopefully you'll get in his way soon.
You have no idea about what the issues of the WORLD actually are. You’ve shown that already.
Your level of ignorance will destroy us all.  It will not make you a winner.  You will be the biggest LOSER is history!

That is an idiotic position
the last president to at the minimum trust Russia was FDR. That trust was extremely limited. You need to keep that in mind.
Who wants to join a pool betting on how long Trump's presidency will last? I say 6 months!
#impeached
World domination anyone?

The respected Meryl Streep at the #GoldenGlobes reminding us of the disrespectful & disrespected vile Trump & this stunningly evil moment 
Still waiting on the punch line!  Luckily you won't really run the country, it's just something to add to your resume!
world will witness a new era of relationship between Russia-America. go on Mr. Trump. we support your effort & Mr. #Putin
Better doesn't mean buddy. Good doesn't mean take me for all I'm worth. Better means more respect. Good means USA benefits
refresher course, you are the same people that claimed Obama wasn't hard enough on Putin. Hypocrite much?
nobody said Russia is bad, its Vlad !
working together with mutual respect is the only way forward. Russians are a proud people. Respect them too.
The best way to start this process is to scale down the "Intel Communities"(IC) and merge them into 1 manageable agency.
world problems? Umean like global warming, use of fossil fuels, hunger, yet you tweet about starting a nuclear arms race
greatness & ensure America's own greatness. Although I don't know if it's correct or not, but I just guess and
Trump may rule for 4 years
go read a fucking history book. You don't even have to read the whole thing, just start from WW1 (FYI 1918 - 2016).
yeah right have fun getting used for your stupidity
congratulations on this accomplishment
problems and issues are the same thing. Expand your vocabulary. Speak less redundantly.
