@GenJohnFKelly lost all credibility. Geraldo is a joke & Fox used a Fake guy u claimed 2b a hero.
This is a farce. U lied. 
#Resist
You’ve killed in PR
Now This
Ugh. You and fox entertainment are disgusting.
Dumb 
Donald doesn't get it..
you SUCK and so does Geraldo and FOX!
@FoxNews admitted today to spreading FAKE NEWS. What day you, sir? No mention of Fox Fake News agenda?


PARODY RUSSIAN ACCOUNT
Since when has Gerald Rivera EVER been considered a reliable journalist? I mean really people...
Another idiot talking crap!
You are not in the Presidents Club Trump.
Fox News is the propaganda arm of the Trump administration and its the sine qua non of Fake News. But then again, Trump is a Fake POTUS....
#SupportKurdistan 
#SupportKurdistan
And who created the division in the first place?  Yep, the Fuhrer.
Anything shown on fox is fake news
How CAN he Defend Military Action against countries don't pose a threat 2 us? The Saudis murder 3000 Americans, & our Govt. kisses their ass

Maybe you should put Jerry Springer in your cabinet.
Not much here. Just talking heads. Nodding & agreeing with Geraldo’s fake news. Saying dissenters should “bite their tongues”.  Wtfrak?!!
Of course he did - Fox is the official Trump Apologist Network
Mwuahahaha
So typical FOX. Ugh! Apologize to widow.  She is grieving and you bungled call, even if not intentional.
Hahahahahhaahahahahaha! Geraldo.
I love you guys you just spoke my mind
FAKE NEWS!!!!!!!!!
Funny how it’s always the same accounts who are constantly commenting shitty hate comments against POTUS. Get a life. HE’S YOUR PRESIDENT!
Maybe he should act like one?
He does
well brian i respectfully disagree i think he would serve his cause better by not tweeting and sticking to the script. he doubles down daily
So you would rather believe what is filtered through #MSM? I would rather hear it straight from the source that way there is no slant.
From a known liar?
Your sources? And how about some facts while you are at it!
#MoronTrump no one respects Geraldo. Chump Trump 
Now tell us why you sent those men into Niger. Did I use Blackwater. R u fighting 4 Ru now
Your peers are coming for your job.
Maybe you can work with "the lair and chief". He rewards people who kiss up!


ZUMA Is a Zero good for nothing they must make aplan and get him out
People of Puerto Rico aren’t humans? Is that what she meant??? Oh dear
Thank u @MSNBC
Do U hear what their saying this is fox waving their pom poms for Trump. then the mad man Trump tweets agree and they go on lying. bad news

The hurricane hit and needed help and you were golfing and throwing Twitter hissy fits about the NFL. Fox News I’d like state run media. Sad
Precious when two disgusting misogynist pigs stroke each other in public

#GolferInChief costing us multiple millions of dollars.
I think it's up to like $75 million now.
Does that include the money he pockets for golf cart rentals by the Secret Service? I talked to one of them. He said 'well, it's a paycheck'
No idea.
How much money you think we wasted on Trump-Russia collusion ? Thanks obama, now we investigate hiLIARy, fbi, obama admin!   #TrumpTrain 
wait, what???..HRC was investigated mult times under BO's admin, did u question how much taxpayer money was used then???
Thank you CNN
Oh look you are thanking your state run news network!
Why don't you go on CNN for once and let them interview you?
That would waste @realDonaldTrump 's valuable time. Remember, 1/2 the  US does not share the views of the other and the(your)view is shewed
Actually, less than half support him, even on right-leaning polls. BTW, what is "shewed"? #Covfefe
That depends on which "source" you are quoting. I'm open minded and glad to learn. When we stop learning is the true danger.
Wrong yet again. Every credible source even right leaning sources show trumps support is dropping rather quickly.
As I said, I'm open minded. Could anyone find a reliable source?
Great.
Now you've aroused Geraldo.
He agrees with people kissing his ass?! Surprise! 
I suppose he has to do this because there are so few positive voices anymore. Still it plays right into what everyone thinks about him.
PORP! PORP! PORP!
Geraldo?! This is trump's version of real news? Lol!
I'm old enough to remember when Geraldo Rivera was a journalist and not another @FoxNews Clowntertainer.
Where's a person with a chair when you need it?
More tongue-biting people

ppl play the dumb role in Washington they know we have Military all over the world and McCain is fully aware & what about the Uranium 1 deal
Gerardo was the inventor of #fakenews Remember Al Capone’s Safe. Embarrassing @worsttvspecial in history 

Great job Donald trump you don’t make any decisions anymore. The Country is running by bunch of generals and military personnel. US Officially is military country.

You can’t keep talking out both sides of your ass on this. If you actually believe they “fake news” then why do you tweet this shit?
FAKE PRESIDENT
トランプ大統領、コングラチュレーション！！ヾ(≧∇≦)ﾉｼ♪
I remember when Jerry Rivers was hosting shows where people were throwing chairs at each other. Not the most believable.. But it's @FoxNews
Geraldo, you are wrong, the country is divided not because of MSM, but because of the words and actions of DJT.
Elmo will win the popular vote if he ran against you.He's smarter, classier, honest, a POSITIVE role model, kids laugh with him- not at him.
About as much substance to @GeraldoRivera 's reporting as there were things of interest in Al Capone's vault.  #sad #Loser
I spoke to friends in Puerto Rico. I don't think you guys are talking about the same place. 
Of course you agree. They are your little dancing puppets. Fox has become nothing but state run media.
God it's the nutty professor again.
The orange fool even likes washed up Geraldo really fake news here come on Donald
Brah read his tweets!!!!
#InvestigateNiger
I think Geraldo is the only honest Liberal....so far.
Where's the TrashTalk on the President,when it's so good everybody's gotta get on board because it's undeniable,can't touch it.

2 idiots agreeing with each other, sad!
Of course you agree they are the only ones who dont disagree with you, how much do you pay them.?
Mattis doesn't have to defend anything. Appointed by president. End of story. At least we don't get public announcements RE: strikes anymore
Another grade Z pundit on #fakenewsFox approves of #trump's disastrous leadership. There's blood on your hands for #Niger, trump. #pathetic
This man lose his credibility a long time ago, he work for the month piece for trump the Moron

#@realDonaldTrump  Huggee Federal insurance fraud $100,000s of dollars tests not done but being reimbursed by fed.government..
Have the records SIR. Need help


See Americans for what purpose United State give weapon to Iraq and train their army but now how they treat with your flag and use your weap 
That's all i watch President Donald Trump is Fox News because the other news is fake news.
all he had to say is im sorry i didnt mean it im sorry but is it  he didnt want to apoligize to a young black women ?
OBAMA'S FAULT!
Geraldo the biggest "fake news" reporter
Omg
TrumpState-Run Media Propaganda. No thanks.
#fakenews-->
A Republican/Trump Bengazi mess like hidden with lies, and supported/defended by unscrupulous FOX animators!
The fake news channel sexual abuse network and your fave what does that say about you #loser #WORSTPRESIDENTINHISTORY
Bullshhtvand Trump knows it's all connecccted to Chad.

They have zero right to say that after 8 yrs of doing exactly what they are criticizing. You made that widow cry , try saying sorry for once
The bigger issue is the fact that we have troops operating in more sovereign nations, probably illegally and we just accept it as normal
Gerardo Rivera enemy of the Puerto Rican  People, Kissing Trump's Ass,W.T.F
How about that $32 million settlement?
Bootlicker Geraldo at it again!
Not true @realDonaldTrump  you are listening to fake news
#TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver 
Because You & Mattis four young men are DEAD!
#followme Trump
I MUST AGREE...GERALDO RIVERA HAS PROVEN THERE IS A LIMIT TO IGNORANT THOUGHT/SPEECH OF CREATURES LIKE FREDERICA WILSON.....TIME FOR SANITY!
http://min-urls.ml/UvQbPsu 



u dont have 2 repost & repost & repost to stroke trumps little ego

Sector Puente Blanco, Bo. Salto Arriba de #Utuado. Incomunicado. 

My Pres,
Whoraldo is an asshole with a moustache that speaks!! I would and do not believe one word of his.
EddyM
You are always right that why a follow you
Geraldo is a sensationalist fraud. Just like you.
If you're down to depending on the support of Geraldo Rivera, you're fucked.
Give me a fucking break
Trump: failed reality show host, fox news & Rivera: a washed up atty/talk show host. What a star lineup said no one ever.
We want the facts on this Niger debacle

How about mr trump being more receptive to the media??
How about quitting the blame shifting ???
Maybe not taking everything so personally?
#BoycottReliefConcert #MAGA
You and your kennel of clowns.
Bloviating Geraldo is in the same category as the Donny.
Of course he would. What’s the other option? Court martial? Duh 
Thanks Dems for tearing this country apart.
Fox! Who are you interviewing next week, a pretend General?
You already interviewed a Pretend President.
This reporting is biase. It's not up to the American people to decipher the presidents intent. It is up to the president to make himself clear and understandable in the simplist terms.
Time for Geraldo to lock himself in Capone's Vault! #TraitorTrump
Wasn't that jackass on The Apprentice?
So go govern Fox News and leave the rest of us alone!
Thank you President Trump and Fox and Friends! I stopped listening to Geraldo a long time ago and don't plan to start!
Yes, very well said...
#Dafttwerp
.
Of course you do, you simpleton
Betsy devalos' brother who made up the pizzagate lie, has been lobbying for his army for profit company of mercenaries to rrplace our armies
Fake News.
#OhShutUpTrump #OhShutUpTrump
@本色a@c
@GeraldoRivera is doing a fantastic job. He is showing others what "reporting" looks like. Many thanks! He is a legend.
The true definition of HATE is what they are doing to those who voted for Trump and Trump Himself. They are HATING because we are different.
This from the same guy who went looking for Al Capone's vault.  He should be back on WABC in NY doing small time public interest stories.
After 8 years of BO, feels like a breath of fresh air!! Thank you Prez Trump

Watching any other news besides  reminds me of waking up as a kid on Saturday morning to Bugs Bunny, The RoadRunner and Foghorn Leghorn
Talk about fake.

you are all out of your minds
pls #SupportKurdistan

"Actually", there is No Adult In The Room Anymore. We were hoping General Kelly wouldn't take your childishness. Sadly, no adult in the room
Good work, Geraldo.  Have you found Al Capone yet?   Found you believable 40 years ago.  no more, dude
He's not a journalist.
Hey what happened to defeating Isis your second week in office?
Fake Trumped up news

Christian values?
sure you do.    white-trash-tv (who fought at court for their
right to be stinking liar bastards) are like 100% your ilk - BAH !
Mr. President please pressure Jeff Sessions to release the gag order on the guy who holds answers to the Uranium One deal.
Perfect. You thanking Geraldo. Just perfect. #45whataloser
can someone please put @GeraldoRivera back under his rock....thank you.
Rivera is washed up. He isn't popular anymore and you certainly are not. Get a life, get off TV. LOSER
Geraldo, still looking for Capone's hidden chamber. Like you, living in a fantasy of his own making.
Didn't Geraldo get caught trying to put a nude photo of himself on-line?

Thank you Heraldo. These are the words we all need to be saying to shut the lying mouths of the leftest media!
Who's sucking who's dick?
All hacks. Geraldo alive? Who knew lol and who fucking cares what these inbread incest births think. Oh wait Trump does. Explains a lot
BEWARE TRUMP!!!
Rivera was
FOX NEWS
FAKE
REPORTER
who
Disclosed
Military Secrets
on Live TV in
Iraq...
& On Live TV
Rivera's
Al Capone Vault

“A people that elect corrupt politicians, imposters, thieves and traitors are not victims... but accomplices”
#fauxnews
Of course they do #militaryindustrialcomplex.  Why don't you ask @NoamChomskyT ?
Meh !
