No
@WhiteHouse #WhiteHouse @POTUS #ImpeachTrump #dumpthetrump #SoCalledPresident
Yes
sterilize the terrorists reproductive organs.
Maybe you should try working for the people who elected you into office
Take the cap off of Social Securty if you make a wage you should pay into it so our elderly that have paid into it get what they paid for
Joined the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol. http://PassTheBill.GOP  #PassTheBill #MAGA… https:...

Put a stop on the prescripton drug companies from charging such outragous costs for life savng drugs.
Health Care Bill..spread the insurance over all States that makes the enrollment pool larger so premiums would go down for everyone
You are the one who canceled DACA.  Get real. Don't blame anyone but yourself. Face it, you dislike Hispanics.
keep pre-existing condtions, maternity, mental illness and drug addicton.
How did you find time to actually work! You're to busy hurting the poor starving the elderly & spending $ on you
and your putrid family traveling so much,our tax $ should be where the American people want it,not on trumps only
Nice threats against those with integrity 2 stand up what they know is right about Trumpcare. Sad u resort 2 that
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
not good. too many end up with no health care or too expensive health care.
@nepafortrump @HouseGOP Get my father freed NOW
Keep up the good work House GOP Mr President and House Represent Dr.Queen Wanda Muhammad 
The Bill Sucked due to Paul Ryan and his unwillingness to include all party. No lite version is acceptable to your voters!!!
again...fix the ACA by healthcare taxing tobacco products, food industry that utilizes growth hormones; etc!
why not fund the ACA by creating a healthcare tax on industries that contribute to health problems
You promised us better
Not a good bill. Trash It Now!
EPIC FAIL!!!

https://www.google.com/amp/www.teenvogue.com/story/sean-spicer-april-ryan-press-briefing-stop-shaking-head/amp …

Only 36k Likes.... HMMMM i recall during election you would get 55-70.. Things not going well?
do some research. Try reading
'Make America think again" Obama care not great" Trump care you die. # Savings of Obamacare # tax cuts for rich"
FAILED!! Just like your entire, short lived, term. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #PutinsPuppet #DontheCon
Lol no. Just no. Lol
Ahhh you mean the Crooks & Liars Club!
What a waste of time!
Stop ryan care and stop listening to rhino listen to heritage foundation
Mr Trump, what is so wrong with "our Great  Country that you have to come and Save it and make it "GREAT AGAIN"
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, 'concentrate'.
As long as President Trump follows the Lord, God will cause him to prosper and together make America GREAT again !!!
june 30th you should be gone.  May God have mercy on your soul. If youhave one.
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
please keep trying to help America be great again. Our prayers are with you for a successful agenda@HouseGOP
If I gave you a penny for your thoughts, I'd get change.
If u reachout included off top disabled, disadvantage like Hillarys doing u will win because people have sympathy
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
You said you wanted to repeal obamacare.  Yet, you are just pushing this mess.  More socialized medicine.
The only way you’ll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken’s ass and wait.
I’m sorry I didn’t get that – I don’t speak idiot.
you and pence and the GOP do not care about the people
I would love to insult you but I'm afraid I wouldn't do as well as nature did.
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
I am ashamed of the lack of support from so called Repubicans, men I voted for, Bushs for example
Repeal Only. Ryan has no motivation to do a repair, and lets the insurance guide the bill.
Great news !!! The 1% health care act Failed! @6abc @PressSec @nytimes @washingtonpost @maddow @GStephanopoulos
Health bill- GOP stands for Get Old People. Paul Ryan is discriminating against age.
Most people can read which is another reason that Bill didn't pass.
You couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat
Always protect the weak and defenceless. Man of the common man. Save a life humanity entire
Yo momma's so fat the escape velocity at her surface exceeds 3.0x108 m/s
where was the repeal part?
The people want a repeal, not OCare light. We can always improve the old system after the repeal. #PassTheBill
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
I’m sorry I didn’t get that – I don’t speak idiot.
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
You are the reason people are blind
The zoo called. They’re wondering how you got out of your cage?
你来干我啊，
我是你爸爸
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
How much does your daughter cost?
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
Who do you think is the best comedy team? ME? I think it's your parents....they made the biggest joke!
Ever since I have seen you in your family tree, I have wanted to cut it down.
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
it is such a shame Republication can't get behind their president
thank you for pulling the health care bill. Paul Ryan does not like people 50 and over.
The Freedom Caucus is filled with a bunch of spoiled brats.
measure twice,cut once. Take ur time, I know you'll make a great AHCA bill.
Should say Threatening the house GOP caucus today.  Bully & a Loser
Screwing over those who voted for you. We won't forget that when it comes time to vote mid term #FAKE PRESIDENT
#SinglePayer
you are a FAILURE AND CORRUPT!!! IMPEACHMENT NOW!!!!!
