How nice that you could spend the day on the golf course instead of with the mother of your son. You're a real piece of work
Thank you, Happy Mother's Day #FLOTUS. ♡
The sole purpose of splitting the 2 is to protect the rights of every individual He went beyond his pay grade making that decision
May your last Mother's Day not behind bars be spent contemplating the laws you have changed against mothers and their reproductive rights.
how about the other wives upon whom you cheated? @FLOTUS @GOP @DNC @IvankaTrump @Pontifex @baptistpress @accesshollywood @TheProstitutes
Ironic, given that LOTS of mothers will be suffering based on your pathetic shafting of the poor/working class. #Fraud
Happy Mothers Day Melania!
MELANIA: "Thks, Donny. Barron misses you. Please give him a call sometime. And, remember what doc said; go easy on the McD's and ice cream."
You didn't mention your other baby mommies -how rude! #MothersDay
[S]
[S]
W family and friends, just not you, cause u be on de golf course. Smh. Not like caring enough to spend the day doing something she likes?
Such a personal way to tell your wife happy Mother's Day. She must be lucky enough not to spend the weekend with you.
For real thought do you have tell her it's in?
Happy #MothersDay to First, Second and Third #Trump Ladies #RussiaGate #TheResistance #Comey
Move on 'em like bitches and grab their pussies Mr "President".
No true. I'm a mother of 4 and BECAUSE I love my children, country, and self-I voted Trump.
Are you spending the day with her today or is she hiding from you in NYC on the taxpayers dime?
Including Muslims & Illegals aswell?
Happy Mother's day FLOTUS First Lady Melania.hope your enjoying your day !
Whoever birthed you owes us an apology.
You're a prime example of a great reason for pro choice!
It's rather difficult to celebrate anything when you're in the White House.I'm sure we'll get to celebrate soon when you're impeached.
Hummm... you never mention your mother! Do you have one? Is her the reason you dislike and disrespect woman??? 
Also Ivana and Marla, Mr President
Why aren't you with her today?
What about the mothers of Syrian childrens, whom you are killing on daily basis?
Only if they're in the kitchen getting your food ready, right? 

You know, doing their job.
Why did you go golfing rather than spend the day with the mother of your child that you rarely see? (& make it about her)
#illegitimatePresident #lockhimup
You mean the mother of your child who you spend no time at all with?
Being away from him is the best gift he could give her.
As a muslim,
an immigrant,
a progressive democrat,
as a chaste and honest person;
finally I find this to be a sweet tweet I can re-tweet.
He did send this while he's at a golf course though...
you are sad
HapPy MotherS day to all the Cry babies that realy Need A sPankin  Liberal#Yes your Liberal Ass Prez TrumP Bitches!
Wishing happy mothers day to all mothers who are now petrified of not having healthcare for their children!
Happy mother's day #flotus
All these mothers  that raised these peeps with the ugly comments, did not do a very good job. Classless.
Come on.  Real OG's give a shout out to all their babies mommas
.Happy Mothers day he my first lady I am proud to call you @FLOTUS
Wait, I thought Ivanka was FLOTUS??
Even the ones you move on like a bitch?
The ones you can just start kissing?
Never forget
You can do anything when you're a star
"Grab 'em by the pussy" as you say
Get a life trollllllll
Stand with our president @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
The pussy grabber getting anointed. (This picture doesn't look awkward)
You resigning would be a better #MothersDay present. Just FYI.
Trump is doing a great job in office!
Don't you mean Ivanka??
Is Mike Pence also wishing a happy Mother's Day to "Mother" 
What about the mothers you grab by the p*ssy? Or those you "move on like a bitch"?
This seems to be a very one sided "relationship"… if you can even call it that.
Remember when you said the favorite thing about your daughter is sex? 
Once you're a star you can do anything! Right?!
It's hilarious how your remaining supporters are trying to project your problems on others… they can't even accept how bad (or sick) u are!
Then quit abusing her
Too busy golfing to spend the day with her? #CantWaitForFathersDay
Most Men of substance and humility and class spend mother's day with their wives and children.
yeah where IS your wife?? I've never seen a First Lady...well, never in the WH. Fascinating. No surprise at all, actually.
Yet u we're at ur golf course in VA instead of being w/wife. Pitiful
Maybe you should have spent it with her then.
It was the best Mother's Day ever knowing we have the best president ever in the White House!!!
Happy Mother's Day President Trump. God Bless your mother who gave us a wonderful President!
That is so obvious
Thank you Donald, I am still waiting for my Irene to call from Pensacola.Shes a very busy lady though what with all her clients at the motel
Please delete the homosexual laws in USA,we are praying for you here in Cameroon.And we know God is with you.
Best Mother's Day gift for FLOTUS and every other mom would be your resignation #TRUMPMUSTGO
We all know it's a sham marriage. She hates your guts. That's why you weren't permitted to spend it with her and her son. #cuckold #loser
Graciasss
What bout your Xs? You got 3 baby mamas...
@realDonaldTrump hey asshole get it right...treat your wife with respect duechebag
Do not honor mothers while you are taking reproductive rights away from all women.
Stupid and evil Paul and storm. Get a life, something to do.
Trump hates mother's and children. Look at his disastrous policies.
And I'm sure it was all about you wasn't it?  Get over yourself. Move to Russia and Make America Great Again. Like  before you fucked it up
Thats why you spent the day playing golf instead of being with your wife.
She slapped you away. Good aim for such tiny hands that you have.
great job trump. Thank you. God bless
You wack
Do you ever include her in entrances?
You appreciate her so much that you didn't bother to see her on mothers day.    Oh yea, you were playing golf.
while I go golfing
Did you spend the day with your FLOTUS???  No, went golfing.


Remember the time you said you didn't have much to do raising your kids when they were little, women's work right, they're using you, dunce
That was the Best #MothersDay I've ever had Just knowing we have #PresidentTrump It would have been the worst if #HRC had won
wishing her a happy mother's day from a distance.... #classy

oh and this
Who's family...since you're playing golf?
Thank you Donald. How very kind of you.
There's a real mother in the White House too. Likes to wear thongs and grab em by the pussy

Wow! That was photoshopped . Like the liberal media . Full of LIES!
Right. Like you reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeally care.
I don't understand how she can stand being around you. You make my skin crawl creep
This man has an 11 year old son yet golfs away almost every weekend...and people look up to him.

Schumer could drop dead as far as I'm concern.
Then why did you spend the day golfing away from the mother of your children?  Or was that what she wanted for Mothersday?  Away from you.
She's great and so are you
How about your other two wives? Did you wish them a happy Mother's Day?
Melania will make someone (else) a wonderful wife while you serve your sentence.
Please do not send American's to the middle east unless you are willing to send your sons also...nothing changes there except who is buried!
I'm sure Melania had a wonderful Mother's Day, since she was in New York and nowhere near you all day long.
What about the mothers of your other children? I mean Ivanka had to get that ass from somewhere...
Like the two other mothers of your children?
Too bad you weren't in the same state as the First Lady. Well, maybe you did her a favour.
With your extreme religion-based anti-abortion gag rule, you've made the serial murderer leap from assaulting women to causing their deaths.
Guess you had to tweet her since you were busy playing golf...again! How many times is that now since tkg office? Over 20 in abt 100 days! 
You have many baby mamas. One thing you do beat Obama at. Ironic, ain't it?!
So nice of you to plan a nice day for her - or not
TY Mr President.Happy Mother's Day to Our Beautiful First Lady.
If you cared about Melania having a great Mothers Day, you would have spent the day with her, instead of at your golf course in Virginia.
me too
how do you see her when she's always behind you?
You should wish all 3 mothers of your children a HMD
RESIGN
You are getting a bungee jump for Father's Day
Shout out to the other Trump baby mamas! Hey remember that one time you got your 2nd wife pregnant when you were still married to your 1st?
Ha ha ha trumpy you are fake
That's not all you did. Who's to blame now. Anyone with a love one in the military should really fear for them. You care about no one.
Nice that he ignores @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump 's mother. Well he does keep them out of the WH as much as possible. Prefers Jared.
She doesn't even sleep in the same state with your misogynistic a$$. @PutinRF_Eng is your girl punto
Did he spend the day with her??  
so you're including "illegal alien mothers" as well? Who would have guessed the Grinch had a heart 
Blahblahblaha
Traitor!!!!!
Melania and other mothers like Ivana and Marla.
she doesn't even live with you and I don't blame her
@realDonaldTrump Treason thy name is Trump. #ImpeachTrump #FailingBigly #PutinsPuppet #ClearandPresentDanger #ComeyFiring #KingofLies
Wow, angry leftists trolling a happy Mother's Day tweet..? Talk about class...
Didn't you say you wouldn't have time to play golf as president and crucified Obama for a few rounds? Is this round 21?  #ImpeachTrump
I see that you gave Melania the gift she wanted most - you stayed away from her! (What woman wouldn't want that?!)
And you went off to play golf....

I'm sure MYLFs are the only mothers you'd ever wish a happy anything. 
Yeah ? How was golf ?

Roy Moore: "I don’t remember ever dating any girl without the permission of her mother" http://hill.cm/rPZx3ut  
Melania who?
What about all of your other wives?
The Left is the worse parts of America #Sad Sick of reading all the nasty replies to our @POTUS tweets?  
Join @themagaawards #MagaAwards
Would love love to go! Abusive husband controls everything. Even my money But have fun making #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS
So did you actually spend anytime with your son and wife today? Or just the "for show" parts?
As you headed out to play •another• round of golf.. a****le.
STEP DOWN.
I guess ur gift 2 her was 2 stay as far away as possible, & not put ur nasty hands on her. Not having 2 put up w/ u was a great gift!
Who did @FLOTUS spend the day with while you golfed ? #dbag
I don't know shit you disrespect women we all know it
Translation: "Now fix me a turkey pot pie and dust something while the men talk." #impeachtrump
Mr President Trump I think I want to start a group that is against Hillary Clinton an try to put her in prison
Could we have ONE crisis-free day? That's for what my mother really prays!!!
Did you spend the day with her? Prob not, you have $$ pockets to fill for yourself
Divulging secrets to the Russians you should be locked up!!! you will be locked up!!!!!
Just stop. You're gross
wow, how romantic.
Talking about mothers.....
Yes greatest thing she does is protect her son from you
Melanin is holding her breath till she divorces you.
The left just cannot get over your win. The only way to deal with their loss is through profanity and being just nasty and this is sad
Do you think all the children of those mothers are happy you like to grab them by the pussy?
well now there was me thinking @IvankaTrump was the @FLOTUS ... creep!

as @realDonaldTrump, world's smartest person: mothers don't matter.  My children have had 3 mothers - or more. I am loyal to nannies.
I'm surprised you remembered her name.
Where exactly IS FLOTUS?  We haven't seen her ever since your inauguration.
How much do you pay her to stay with you?
a lot of people still butt hurt over Hillary losing  pathetic! Find something else to wine about!
Your executive orders will reduce the number of mothers because your executive orders increase maternal death rates.  You are killing women
Soon she will be free...and she gets the empire. Your impeachment will be Slovenia Independence Day!
Old Donny Boy, Did you take your family for a ride on the Access Hollywood bus for Mother's Day?
