That's not why they are laughing, you are.
I'm also sure their laughing at your voters and how they suckered them into believing you were fit to be President.
I am here and you are not would have been awesome to meet the President on our anniversary
You're 300lbs. of Russian playdoh, molded by the Kremlin, under the authority of Putin.
The Russians are laughing but notat that.
they're laughing at YOU. Hard to fathom...I know
Why are you STILL harping on about the election?? Move the hell on and govern your country properly by being focused on immediate crises such as healthcare.
American ppl must be laughing at YOU. & how a lame excuse for why the Russians won YOU the election & tweeting over the Fake News.
Parents of the Parkland victims aren't laughing at how the neomarxist commiecrats rendered our FBI completely useless and state and local governments complicit in a #standdownorder. 
#FireTheFBI
#FireSheriffIsrael
I have yet to hear one educational rebuttal to this mans quote. Common core has severely affected the left #DemocratDenial
They are not laughing since they know the election was stolen - for you by them. And you know it too
Can't get over what a pathetic and disgusting excuse of a "man" you are. You're #PutinsPuppet & he's pulling the strings Embarrassment.
tRumps "like" bots are working overtime
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over...
They are laughing at you sir!  They have accomplished exactly what they wanted.
Damn. The election was 6 months ago, and you're STILL crying because you won. SAD
Stop the mueller junk against you, Don Jr., & fire him. Also Jeff Sessions is loyal, but it's time 4 him to go & get either Rudy or Chris.
And you gave the world leaders the 7th grade middle finger. How lame?
No they are laughing at US voted you President.
Yeah, a Trump Justice Dept names a special prosecutor to investigate Trump. So the Dems must be lame. That makes sense.
There's more to being president than looking like a brutal dictator in a photograph. A.H.
No Donald...the rest of the  world is laughing at you for being a "Russian puppet" best sitcom i've watched in a while..hilarious!!
Fool, the world is laughing at you--your complete ignorance & incompetence. All your money is not going to cure your Alzheimer's #GetHelpNow
Donnie, you're not making any sense  and seem more confused than ever. Citizens have a right to know what kind of medications you're taking.
They are laughing at you. We all are. You're a joke.
I ve asked my husband sooo many times....what if..so&so had won..what if.. Did Dems REEEALLY have Clinton so sewed up to win& cant stand it?
You always seem bigly interested in what the Russians are thinking.
Haha,,, you are the fake news ! 
The whole world is laughing at you..... not america
No matter how much you say your ties to Russia are a hoax, it won't go away. You will eventually be impeached. Hopefully jailed for treason
The entire world is laughing! Get everybody in one room and set the record straight!
Actually the whole world is laughing...Only their laughing at you pee-potus!
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Civil rights/liberties being weakened,chaos in govt,European alliances shaken,distrust in election system/media,puppet in the WH. Guffawing
They're laughing because they no longer have to spend money & manpower spying on us when you willingly give up classified info.
Why do you care what Russian officials are doing? Oh, wait, never mind.
No, they're laughing at you and your pathetic administration going down in flames like the amateur traitors you are. #resist
Or maybe they are amused that the have the good on Putins puppet
they are laughing at us BIGLY because they were able to buy the biggest seat of power in the world from you for a little ego-masturbation.
Globalism, 2 pronged. Catering to trade and mass immigration. Both extinguish peace due to cultural, language differences.
Just resign already
Oh yes. they're laughing.
Actually you lost the popular, by 3 million. Russia won the electoral vote for you. The majority of the US does not want you.
The world is laughing at how easily you are manipulated by Russia. You are unfit for the presidency. #russiagate #Impeach45
Is the Russian mob coming after ther money yet they will be soon they will probably take out your whole family that's the way they work SAD
who believes it ,anyways 2018 will be a reckoning for democrats and we will laugh even more at them @SenSchumer #trump2020
Fake PRESIDENT lmao
@realDonaldTrump You're guilty as hell and you  know it. You're such an obvious fella. #fakepotus
Yes, and here they are. You look like you're yucking it up too. Well done!
Did Dems lose? You hadn't mentioned.
Maybe you should give out electoral college maps to everyone, whether they ask for it or not. That wouldn't seem desperate and sad at all.
"Some people are saying" Ivanka is involved too. Do they serve champagne popsicles in prison? #MAGA
Of course they're laughing. Just like they did in your office when you celebrated their victory in our electorate. 
RUSSIANS LAUGH SOMETIMES. 
AT ALL U LOSERS. 
INDEPENDENTS FOR POTUS!!!!!!
It's nice that you care so much about what the Russians think. 
Russians are laughing alright but at you for how easy it was to turn & take over u & ur administration Comrade
If it's "fake news" why did Sessions recuse himself from the investigation?
And why did the Deputy AG appoint a special counsel?
You're right, they're laughing at us, but not for the reason you suggest.
There is no Trump Russia collusion Seth Rich gave 44,000 emails to WikiLeaks DNC Insider now dead shot in the back. We owe Russia an apology
Already debunked. Hannity only idiot still supporting.
Yeah keep bigging up the Russians whilst slagging off your actual allies. Anyone would think there was something going on. Oh wait..
Were you with Roger Waters recently?
Are you suggesting that Roger is colluding with the Russians? 
Your presidency will be remembered as one of the darkest points in our nation's history.
CNN now reports Russia believes it can shape US policy thru derogatory info it has on Trump's financial relationships in & with Russia!
https://twitter.com/trentster/status/869187160779313153 …
If you're such a coward that you can't deal with dissenting opinions by all means block me. Not interested in communicating with you anyway.
You are Putin's c0ck holster
Russia is laughing @realDonaldTrump . How do you say #PutinsBitch in Russian?
They're laughing at how gullible you are. You made the US a laughingstock.
They'll never win another election after the wall is built, and the illegals are deported. The dead people can RIP and not vote anymore
The wall will be ineffective and dead people had nothing to do with the results. Next excuse?
The entire world is laughing at the USA and the stupidity and ignorance, not 2 mention the illegal stuff going on since your regime began
Lareeee
Damn, Donnie! You still mulling over the fake election? Well we're over it. We're going on with the resistance against you and Russia.
Unhelpful.
They're laughing about that but what really makes them hysterical is having you by the nuts!
The world is laughing at us cause of your behaviors. U r an embarrassment and a sick man
Oh Donald insecure folks call people names to stay on top of their insecurity. Signed, I.M. Fakestuff
Isn't this the quote by Putin?
The only thing fake around here is our fake President Trump
This isn't a matter of Republicans vs. Democrats. This is about what kind of person should lead our country and it's not you
That's not why so many are laughing, Donny. And you know it.
SMH at those cry babies.
Why are you still talking about this?!?!  Can we say OLD news!  #soannoying #otherthingstoworryabout
You always attempt brainwashing with the words fake media
Russia is laughing it's ass off for sure.  Just NOT for the reason you think.  #TrumpRussia
Is it possible some of them might even be colluding with some of the Dems!? Did Dems cheat & can't now understand y they still didn't win!?
So what have the Russian officials done for USA? More specifically me. Just asking.
Yes, Mr President. They are no doubt laughing... at you. They have you right where they want you to promote their ANTI-US agenda.
The only thing the Russians are laughing at is you. Good lord.
no... they are laughing at YOU!
Trump the whole world is laughing. Please resign before you destroy American
Idiot
The Russians have their puppet, of course they are laughing.
The Russians are laughing at YOU Trump
They are laughing but laughing at how they played your team.
No, they are laughing at the U.S. fake presidency!
WHERE ARE YOUR TAX RETURNS?  YOU ARE IN THE POCKET OF PUTIN ... YES HE'S LAUGHING, HE HAS YOU BY THE B***S
Russian officials are laughing at you along with rest of the world!
Pauvre abruti
Je ne parviens pas à comprendre les citoyens américains élire un type plus debile que W.bush
Just ask Jared. He'd know for sure.
Just ask your boss. He'll let you know.
#resist #RESISTANCE #Trumprussia #Covfefe
I'm sure they are laughing on how this all blew up in your administrations faces, and after your impeachment 
Will laugh a little more #lame
The Entire Planet is laughing about the US, thanks to you. Have you seen the videos of G7?
NOT QUITE,  THEY'RE LAIGHING AT YOU
Russian officials are not just laughing, they are dancing with joy because you are returning their playgrounds in NY.  Payback??????
The whole world is laughing at the US with a clown in charge
he is so deep in your mind that you don't know what to do The world respects President Trump
not.  Oh, i forgot you prefer  alternative facts.
Read the news, talk to people, check the facts
exactly my point.
living in your Fantasy world of one world government America First is what Americans want
They are laughing at you and our country! You are a traitor!
Yes they are laughing. Good catch there! 
Please hand @georgesoros over to Putin. Thanks!
you, they are laughing at you.  We are ALL laughing at you
You lost the popular vote by 3 million. Your polls are in free fall. You delude yourself that you are well liked. Pathetic.
please note that you are the president. If they are laughing, they are laughing at your leadership.
Of course they are since they were behind the whole thing
The Russian are laughing at you and your sorry excuse for an administration.
And you're not you're nothing but a civil servant working for the US people so why don't you listen to us for a change and do what we want
#LOSER are you STILL thinking this is about the election?  You LOST the popular vote.  LOST.  LOST.  Prez by technicality. #LOSERINCHIEF
Lame excuse of a puppet they bought. Looks like they bought 5 and got one idiot for free.
LOL!

Thinking it's more of a chuckle. The big Russian laughs are over the laughing stock POTUS.
No the whole world laughs at you pushing dignitaries during photo ops to be in front!
#SoreWinner #SoreWinner #SoreWinner #SoreWinner #SoreWinner #SoreWinner #SoreWinner #SoreWinner #SoreWinner #SoreWinner #SoreWinner
You are the greatest! Please continue to tweet!
Actually they are laughing at our #FakePOTUS
No, they are laughing because they helped you win..
Russian officials laughing maniacally at how easy it was to get Agent Orange in the Oval office!
I'm going to win will they start focusing on your corruption scandals that you've been making, like the oil money you've been receiving
The only lame thing in Washington is you Donald Trump
Cray cray
Maybe you should do yourself a favor and stop mentioning Russia.
Hmmm!!!
They're laughing. Just not at Democrats......
Russian officials are laughing at YOU! You are their puppet. They know what you won't show us in your taxes.
Really the only fake news came from @FoxNews & @seanhannity dealing with the death of Seth Rich. That's truly fake news from sex abuse Fox
No #45 the foreign powers are laughing at you.
You are either lying or an oblivious covfefe.
can trump stop tweeting about the election already put his big  boy pants on and be president already or at least present in the moment
The problem is that you care what the Russians think
Remember your tweets will be used against you in a court of law.
Russians are laughing at you, because they own you.  Putin's poodle.
The world is laughing at YOU! Your poor performance on the world stage was noted and is now the fodder of comedians all over the globe!
yes they are laughing but only at YOU - just like the rest of the world
While the rest of the world laughs at you
They may be thinking they helped the wrong person to win.....
...
The Russians are laughing at us, but because their plan to divide this country worked. We look like fools.
Look closely-World leaders are mocking you,laughing at u & we're with them 100%!Sources confirm you'll be gone in < a year!Adios bad hombre!
they just keep throwing up the smoke screens. Must be getting close to something as the left getting more vile in attempts.
when there is this much smoke there is fire.  Especially when if innocent he could have cleared it up long ago.
@cnn keep calling it "fake news" all the way to your impeachment and indictment! THAT will be broadcast LIVE on TV for ALL to see!!
Is the election over yet @realDonaldTrump? Yes, so shut up about it and move forward! Living in the past is not good for our future.
Hypocrite
How was any of my statement hypocritical? He needs to focus on now and quit bragging about an election he was surprised he won!
Cause you're probably one of the people calling his election a fraud and blaming it on Russia. That is all irrelevant and in the past too.
No, just want him to get on with running this country and not really on Social Media!

They are laughing, laughing at how easy you are to manipulate!!!!!
Russian officials are laughing. Yes.
The election is over, the incompetent won, Russia was involved, and the news is anything but fake. You spend too much time on Twitter.
Dear President Trump. The Democrats are LOSERS too.
You would think America never interfered in a other countries election. Move on ! Or are you fascist ?
No. #EVERYONE is laughing at the U.S. ... bc of YOU. Do ur nation a solid and #resign
I agree they are laughing and smiling. They never thought they would have a president as greedy and stupid as you. Dream come true.
They are too busy laughing at how they can attack American #democracy and our President seeks to block the investigation, & won't protect us
Why do you care about any of that? Who cares if they laugh or if Fox is only about the lost election. That affects what YOU need to do? HOW?
They are laughing. They got you elected.
They (and many others) are laughing at us because of the buffoon we have as a "president."
The whole world is laughing at how quickly you're ruining all of the relationships our country has built with other countries.
I'm really trying to be a supporter,  as I love the USA. Maybe just use better language to make your point?
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. how they helped the GOP win the election and @POTUS denys it in Fake Tweets.
This tweet just literally proved the point you were trying to go against. Well played sir
RUSSIA! RUSSIA! RUSSIA! You worry so much about their opinion, why?   Oooohhhhhh!  Riiggghhttt.
Why don't you bring up Russia again?
Russians are laughing at you....
I thougt you knew more than the Generals ? London Bridge attaked ???
you're laughing stock;no fake news;stop whining and read wires not features you don't even know how to read news some of us do
If the Russians are laughing there laughing at you!!
how many times do i have to remind you that you are not the first seat non republcans lost.  ask yourself Why so many are angry
No, they're laughing because they've got their patsy in the White House...
they are laughing at us because we voted for a buffoon as Pres.
They're laughing, no doubt. Not exactly the reason you're saying, though. It's you. SAD!
