Lies. History will not be kind to you.
You don't even know what you are talking about.
You are responsible for the consequences of your actions. If your plan causes my family harm, may fate rest the weight of that upon you all.
Simple question: How does your bill work?
Haters gonna hate
Thank you Republicans for saving us from this scourge of Pelosi & Obummer.
Can we agree if they had a better plan, by all means we would use it? The @GOP did nothing for 7 years. They could've done something by now.
I can't wait for you to lose the house vote. Trumpcare would be a disaster. #VoteNoAHCA
Trumpcare = Fake Healthcare #VoteNoAHCA
38 likes in two minutes...fishy.
Look at the strange accounts that rush to like these anti Trump posts. Barely any followers, and just rewteeting anti-Trumo tweets.
Trump**
Is Trump sabotaging Obamacare to fit his own political needs with Obamacare?
No he's not.  
You don't have a plan. Maybe some in ur administration have, but not The Donald. It's gonna be shite, and you'll not pull it through.
What do you mean by "OBC is imploding"? It's dying because of your (lack of) governing, 45. You are the uneducated peoples devil, lose.
Your own voters love Obamacare & they're only "fleeing" because you're holding back Medicaid funds as ransom.
You're trying to sabotage our health care system to prove a political point. Obamacare isn't perfect, but it's a great starting point.
great satrting point ! how is being forced to pay 900$ a month just to live be considered a good starting point
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #MadeInTheUSA
He's obviously an atheist. Hilarious he's conned you into thinking otherwise
BEST NEWS EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
The biggest thing U R giving the ppl is FREEDOM OF CHOICE. IT should always hv been a choice, not taxing ppl who choose not to pay6000+a yr.
You are lying! But it will give you a massive tax cut!  It can be fixed but not the way you are doing it!
@readonaldtrump  I reduced your car payment, but instead of your new Mercedes I gave you a 1980 yugo... #Youreausedcarsalesman
The senate's #TrumpCare bill is NOT doing this! It is, as you said, "MEAN!".  #SavetheACA #TrumpCareCutsMedicaid
Yes. Costly to Americans who already had and than some list their insurance because of Obama Care rules unreal #MAGA #tlot #BreakingNews
And, Congress has to follow same laws as us! 
You know you haven't read the bill. You are full of shit.
Top-10 states for pre-existing conditions all voted for Trump. They will be in the line of fire first.

http://on.wsj.com/2pym0WB 
Congress passes health care bill that they want to be exempt from, but they push it on all of us.
JUST IN: ObamaCare repeal bill contains exemption for members of Congress and their staffs http://hill.cm/nPH6pef  

I don't want a 123 page healthcare bill. Shows how lame it is. The democrats drafted their bill for MONTHS. With committees & experts.
THAT is how it's done. This POS has TYPOS, FFS.
A picture of a band-aid isn't healthcare.
You are absolutely misleading your ignorant followers. If it wasn't so sad, it would be funny. You should be ashamed of yourself
@POTUS you know the only reason the Insurance companies don't like the ACA is that they have to take on people that are actually sick.
Will it cover preexisting conditions? No American should be denied health insurance, or have to pay more for it.
55% of Americans approve of #ObamaCare 

43% of Americans approve of @realDonaldTrump 

Enough said 

#VoteNoAHCA
Who was polled to achieve these numbers? I never saw one.
Well research it like I did
Love how these "polls" speak for Americans and 99% of America has no clue about it. Complete garbage.
You sound like quite the expert on how polling works
Tell me where I can go tmrw and participate in all these polls. Better yet...one poll.
If you get to choose to participate, that makes it a self-SELECTed poll, which skews results
I understand your position and I'm not being an ass, but you and I both know these polls are both skewed and flawed. World we live in
Your lies and pure evil greed will be your downfall. May every last one of them blow up on you and your supporters to the seventh generation
More "alt-facts", I fear.
Our President Trump  is about          ready to give it the old                  Boom,Boom,Boom 
Let's see some details you Snake Oil Salesman!!
You are a liar
You are so full of shit.
#Trumpcare will not cover pre-existing conditions.
#ThursdayThoughts 
#VoteNoAHCA
I guess it's time to invest in teeny tiny caskets for all the babies born with pre-existing conditions.
#ThursdayThoughts 
#VoteNoAHCA
Is it me, or does Trump reverse stances like a weather vane? Is "flexible" really "confused", and he waits for someone else to form his op?
I sure hope so Mr. President!My premium is more than my mortgage & is worthless. ACA was never about HC, it was a wealth redistribution plan
ACAwas not about healthcare, you’re right, but it was about a lot of other things set to go into place gradually gaining more & more control over every facet of our livesJust look at how many pages it had- it was meant to destroy Americans not improve any part of health
It was their pathway to usher in single payer! What a disaster!
ACA Single payer- control over who lives & who doesn’t, access to your bank account to distribute wealth, telling you where you have to live congregating people n small areas all n the same kind of housing, reduction of our freedoms, telling you what your job will b, what you eat
Yep it’s all part of the NWO plan! Agenda 21 which btw George Bush Sr ushered in. It’s an Insidious plan to control all of us. Wish more would learn about it and how it will affect their property rights especially-and how even local government doesn’t know they’re being duped!
It isn't dead, and you're full of bullshit. You don't even know what's in the current bill. Lying sack of crap.

"They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists..."
Trump is clearly not reading any of these Ryan crafted bills. He's making a huge mistake trusting Ryan, who actively opposes his presidency
House freedom caucus supports this bill which is not the original "ryancare" bill. Its been changed for the better
Amazing how @POTUS can claim victory
for a lousy Budget full of liberal pork
and another lousy #AHCA bill
There's no upside for Republicans
TRUMP IS JUST A YUGE PHONEY. What a disappointment. I voted for him.
I don't want to say we told you so I'm sorry he failed you
TRUMP STILL THE MUCH BETTER CHOICE OVER HILLARY!!!
if it doesn't within 12 months will you resign?
No.
His word is meaningless without any collateral.
WE DON’T WANT HEALTH INSURANCE FROM THE FEDERAL GOVT It should go back to the private sector, allow them to sell across state lines to encourage competitive prices, & let people choose their own coverage & whether to have it or notSIMPLY REPEAL OBUMACARE NO REPLACE
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and ...
Remember this? You said it, but CBO (and everyone else) says your plan will do the exact opposite. #winning right? LOL
Remove insurance companies from the table and instill Universal/single-payer system coverage, then coverage will be great.
There should have never been a law forcing people to buy anything!  It never worked bc the 20M that didn't have care still don't
And why should they have to get it if they don’t want it Where’s the freedom in that That is the point tho - Obumacare was designed to slowly remove our freedoms- it was (is till they REPEAL it) part of the Agenda 21 tactics
Put your money where your mouth is. so tired of your empty and uniformed promises. DO YOUR JOB!   or as you would say SAD!
I have been 100% for Trump since day one
We the American people will overturn everything you bring forward. Your are a one term failure remember that.
Uvmuhkkyyyttcmoyuyth
Is there any way that the Democrats can keep and solely fund their Obamacare, leaving the rest of Americans out of it?
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
I am over 65 and I am in the low income class.  Right now I receive help from Medicaid to help with my medication and Medicare payments
If I don't receive this help I won't be able to make it
.@realDonaldTrump, what are insurance CEOs saying about the new Senate bill? Do any of them support it?
Why are the seniors being hurt when they don't have the ability to make more money
Your HC plan is Death plan for millions of people. It will not lower premiums & deductibles for the people that need it most! Bad Bad plan!
Not so far! You can't come close to success of Obama Care
lies lies ego is all you have. Trader to Americans. Worst potus ever in history. No doubt.
tell red tie on cnn fat f($k to eat me. Impeach trump. Revolution of thought will win.
Will you make a contract w/America to resign immediately if it does not? And, actually comply with that provision? #TrumpCare
you can still deliver what you promised.  #BetterCare  isn't it @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
I voted trump but this plan doesnt cover everyone like he said. Pre existing illness needs to remain. Elderly can't afford 5 fold increase
So would you vote for him again today Cathi now that you know he's a liar?
I would vote for him again if my choice was Hilary or Trump. I believe in more repub ideals than far left extremist views. I want less govmt
You can fool some of the people some of the time! but you can't fool all of the people all of the time!  This will be your most tragic lie!
Lol this from a guy that writes his own movie reviews. Funniest read on imbd. Sicilian vampire 
lol. Smart if true. Movie studios do it 2. Maybe Frank and @StephenKing should collaborate?
Him and Stephan king . Good 1 would love to see look on kings face though.
Will it hurt seniors on a fixed income?
Drip..Drip..Drip..The Swamp is Draining..#DrainTheSwamp
Only because the healthy weren't required  made premium go up. How did your plan fix this?
No it was doing good but you can't stand that President Obama has a great legacy and you will not.
Healthcare for the rich. Many will die due to lack of affordable healthcare.
Is VERY long way get even CLOSE to great am expert on ACA Universal Bill's proly dead in committee, MEDICAID ER treat by Opiods THE problem.
Supporting POTUS 
it doesn't seem odd that Republicans made sure they are exempt of their plan and keep ACA?
I have an equal right to be here. I am ashamed of our current government.
You haven't read the bill (like the rest of @GOP). #TrumpCare allows ins cos to raise prices 66% on healthy people 50-64. IT'S IN THE BILL
You are delusional!  If insurance companies are fleeing, it is because you are trying to repeal it!  This new bill is a tax cut for the rich
Best thing that could happen, insurance companies fleeing. I see a single payer system on the horizon
Anything short of Obama Care, a lot of people are dead! How about that Aussie care?
Thanks for re tweeting this without even knowing what is in the bill. Always wonder how this shit works. You proved it.
It makes difference I can't tell it to anti-republican and I doubt you read it neither. No, I don't doubt u proved it.  Just chill
Do you think ur most hated "individual mandate" is gone from this bill? NO. What do u even support in this bill?
The point I support in this bill is still incomplete, you humanitarian will get more offended if I tell on what basis I support this bill
Except for seniors
So.... do you want to pay for my insulin or.....
How can you say 'great' healthcare?  If you are white and wealthy, you will have great healthcare, otherwise, you are going to die..Happy?
Because you have been trying to kill it!
You are trying to convince yourself that this is reality. . Just because you say it a couple of times it becomes your truth. IT AIN'T.
Even the insurance companies are leery of this. Read their statements.
for who? you damn rich people that's who. you're taking away medicaid which many disabled and elderly need.
Lmao except for anyone who isn't in perfect health
All lies
Your plan could have devastating results for me and my family since several of us have pre-existing conditions
I hope you will be able to sleep at night when thousands of people will die with your trump care, shame on you
sure in the heck hope it's good insurance. Will this insurance stay the same for the next 4-8 years?
Viagra should not be covered on your plan. God doesn't want those men to procreate! No coverage for ED!
Do you ever read our tweets?
LIES. What pharma companies are lining your pockets?
Yeah right, you've put many of us in trouble. With my depression and anxiety I'm probably not going to be able to get help for that. Thanks
Are you completely illiterate and unable to form coherent grammatically correct sentences?  Jesus.  #getaghostwriter
Lies lies lies, yea-ah
The bill to replace Obamacare that passed today in the House is atrocious and must be defeated in the Senate.
JUST STOP. STOP EVERYTHING YOU'RE DOING.
It will also create preexisting conditions again - many people will die #trumpsdeathpanels
You lie, .@realDonaldTrump your sole purpose is to put the #screws to poor and mid class, and as quickly as u can. U r #fake #NoTrumpCare
We will never forget the harm you have brought on us Trump! Your legacy-WORST PRESIDENT EVER! Low intelligence, slow learner & mean. Sad
Its gonnnna be huuuuuuge unlike your hands.
There pulling out because they were upset about the merger Obama blocked.
huge lie !!! Premiums will double on Trumpcare
If you're lucky enough to qualify and aren't excluded on the list of pre-existing conditions.
My 11 year old needs life saving treatment for SMA. Can't get it because his parents work and have insurance. If on welfare he would have it
shame on you    - gop puppet   - shame on  Trump   -you are scum
On the back of the poor
Bullshit
oops, I forgot. You'll don't use the ACA.
Congratulation my President 
ObamaCare... People can't afford it... Can't Use It... Insurance Companies Can't Sell It!!!
He is a SPY for the Russians
DON T FORGET POOR PERSONNS
oh boo hoo hoo insurance companies can't make no money in the Affordable Care Act insurance companies rape America
WHEN?  WE CAN'T WAIT ONE MORE DAY..MUCH LESS 2 YEARS..
So, more fake news it appears. Or a direct lie?
I don't believe you, at all.
My family and I support Trump100%
Lies lies lies lies lies lies lies
who r u kidding? Lower premium s 4 rich ppl-not elderly, disabled or poor. #shameful
Hopefully our #Patriots Senators will clean it up to include #Full Repeal #RootAndBranch like @SenMajLdr promised.
As long as you dont have a pre-existing condition like a third of the country, many who voted for you.  SAD!
Les plus pauvres pourront se soigner aussi?
I speak french 
You are so ignorant that it's almost beyond belief. You have no idea what's in the bill. #ImpeachTrump
And coverage
wrong president indeed.
Problem with Ocare is doctor's will NOT TAKE IT!  The keep your doctor is a LIE Those who get the discount can't find a doctor who will take
Obama cut Medicaid too.
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
Have you read YOUR HEALTHCARE bill??? Enormous deductables, no pre existing condition, most of those who voted for you will have no ins.
If you really want to help #Americans try #bipartisan #leadership #workTogether
I know tax credits are huge for billionaires like you and your puppeteers, however it doesnt help mid and low income families pay the bills
According to the Congressional Budget Office, the preexisting conditions clause will jack up premiums and deductibles. #SinglePayer
Even Fox News is reporting #TrumpDoesntCare will cost the Republicans seats in the House. Jan. 1 2019 you become a lame-duck president.
Of course your letting them raise they rates and disqualify pre excisting condition
No coverage = lower prices. Let's see what CBO shows.
Your pants are on 
Liar, it's just a damn tax cut for wealthy people.
No more OBAMASCARE ?  We're all going to die !  
Obama, #cronycapitalist in disguise. #fakeliberal
For who?
Liar!!!!!
