James! For free??? Come on your not that stupid
Work for FREE ???

You're obviously NOT talking about @realDonaldTrump ...
He's making $$ hand over fist *because* he's President*.

Trump Hotel in DC ... quick way to buy influence
Mar-a-Lago ... doubled membership fees; charges US for Secret Service quarters.

I could go on ...
James your reading pure twitter brainwashed hatred all because criminal Hillary lost!!
And scary to the point that I think we have some serious mental issues in this country even Hogg has ADHD which is a mental issue
I would call it calculated and criminal as regards the members of Congress and the Intelligence communities who are hating on this man; the rest of the population and much of the #Fakenews is indeed having emotional trouble.
He’s a crook and has zero ability to make America great (again)...it still is....join the world
You don't get it? It's war.
So true!
And you scare me
Someone is trying to remain relevant. It ain’t working! #ByeFelicia

Lolol. You’re funny. You really think he’s working for free. He isn’t. You actually believe that show he made about being a successful businessman was real. It’s wasn’t. It was a made up tv show for entertainment. Pure fantasy James. You need to learn the difference.

They’re terrified... their evil ways  are being exposed bit by bit... #TickTock   all the vile evil doers get what’s coming to them.   to keep our @POTUS safe.
Amen
His beloved country. Oh my God.
Give it an ever loving rest.

#RussianSanctionsNow 
Why not Mr. Woods?
The deep state does not want secrets out. A non political person coming forces all the criminal behavior to come to light.
I've never witnessed such hatred for a man who is willing to work for free to make his beloved country a better place. It is pathological. YEP, GEORGE SOROS & RUSSIANS got exactly what they wanted and it was so easy just use CNN & MSM’s to ruin America with HATE. “Well done CNN”
????
I agree! I am ashamed these hate filled mongrels live in America.
It is agreed we live in a workd gone mad. People are truly derranged.
You're desperate. Sad.
He’s not working for free!  Spent more time golfing on our dime than any other president & he is promoting his businesses.
Pretty sure he’s not getting paid and pretty sure it’s on his golf courses
...We pay for room & board for all that security to him and his golf courses.  Is that really hard to figure out?
We pay for every politician to travel anywhere they go right?  So when pelosi was flying from dc to sf 2x a week, were you outraged?
No, it was different, unless she was using her own airline.
My point is all politicians are horribly corrupt and to think one side is worse is a mistake. Both parties are taking everyone for a ride
That’s not true. One party is patriots the other is treasonous. HUGE difference.  America is being carved up and sold to Russia in pieces by a silent GOP.
Thank You James for saying it so well.  #It’sNuts
People forget very quickly that our current President is not taking his salary which I believe is a first for any President.  He may be somewhat brash but I can see that he truly cares and is doing his best to MAGA.
#HollywoodHypocrites 

(Present company excluded)
God Bless @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP - May he keep them safe! 
They have some sort of mental illness to be blinded by what has happened to the country the past two decades.
The silent respectful voters didn't see it coming. I did because of working and running Financial Institutions.  I left my career, couldn't sleep at night, because I would not comply, or face my staff. I don't know how Pres. Trump takes it, decent man!
May God give our President and his family a special blessing.  
All these posts from last year popping up again. Since then the hate for Trump has died down from the NWO quite a bit, because he's one of them now.
It's revolting.
Our LOVE over rides their hate @realDonaldTrump 
It is demonic!
Not pathological.. its pure evil...
Who you talkin' about, Jimmy?
Thank you for this message. It is a disgrace.
I’ve never seen such hatred for a man who wasn’t a murderer!
.....yeah he's such hero really
My thoughts exactly James.. This is crazy shit!
The left in this country are like petulant children who throw tantrums if they don't get their way.
See American Intelligence Media for amswers
I Met you once smoking weed in the back of my Limo. Then I thought you were an ok dude, but now, you're off the cool list. #SeeYaBye
If being someone like you is being on the cool list I am sure @RealJamesWoods doesn't want to be on it.  Not sure what your definition of the cool list is, but you definitely are not it.
Yes I did couldn’t stand seeing this country become soft and weak

@RealJamesWoods
Yes, it is.
That’s just it Woods. Trump is not working to make America a better place. That’s where you and the other ass suckers miss the whole thing. Trump doesn’t give a fuck about you or anyone and he sure doesn’t love this country
Well said
Accurate statement. Just imagine what could happen if we all just worked together. Alas!
Amen James! Do you or anyone know what all the UN
vehicles are doing here in the US? Elected filth in Chicago mentioned he wanted to use them to keep the peace and help with the silent genocide! OH please!
Know understand that you are pathological. Sad.
If u are referring to @realDonaldTrump I do not hate him. Exact opposite! He is saving our country from evil and I love him for this! #MAGA
Ironic,demonic people on far left will do anything to protect their phoney swamp jobs.
God bless @POTUS for his tireless dedication to #MAGA. As for the #libtards, they can piss off or move out!
It’s unreal! You nailed it! He’s working for free, yet we don’t seem to here the Dems talking about that? All we hear is Crickets!
AMERICANS ARE PISSED OFF! Mueller now going after TRUMPS FINANCIAL RECORDS? GET THE CLINTONS, EVIDENCE IS SOLID for RACKETEERING
SESSIONS NEEDS A PRESS CONFERENCE to GIVE US his INTENTIONS in all this DEMOCRAT CORRUPTION NOW!
They hate cause they know they are Toast!
I couldn't agree more.  He is the example that reveals the lie of collectivism, dependence on government, using the state as a replacement for a father figure.  That's what lib women do.  Their "partner" is the state.  T reveals them all by example.
Are you kidding me????? What about your hatred for Hillary???!!!!
That proves just how corrupt our govt is
They are fighting to stay out of the execution room. Crimes against children are that bad.
Are you ok?
Pedophiles stick together.
No some of are realists because we have lived a bit longer.
How is he making his beloved country a better place?
He’s not hated that much.

The enemy media is using propaganda to magnify the few haters and suppress supporters.

Why are they not showing LIVE Trump events like rallies?
You are on drugs.
Who’s also paying staff legal fees of a phony Russian investigation that’s actually starting to point to DNC / Russian collusion
... Thank You is not enough
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @POTUS
The liberals have been brainwashed. They attack someone who’s trying to help them and every other American. That’s like rooting for your own doctor or lawyer to fail.
If you are speaking of 45...and using the word "pathological" in the same sentence, you might be becoming coherent.
It is

He's not working for free. He's still profiting off his businesses.
Correct.
#Leftism is a disease to the critical mind.
Somebody needs to tell "Hollywood elite" James Woods that working for free and golfing on taxpayer dollars are completely opposite things.
"Beloved country?" Trump doesn't respect 1st Amendment or the Constitution in general. He's a career conman. You're so intellectually lazy.
It's pathological you ignore or accept the constant lies, as well as the financial gains Trump has made from the office. Working for free?

Find it fascinating that brainwashed "Left" always seem to be projecting own toxic garbage on to Trump; and then it boomerangs back on them!
RT @RealJamesWoods: I've never witnessed such hatred for a man who is willing to work for free to make his beloved count...
It's clear your lack of recent movie work has made you bitter. Maybe You can be on one of the housewife shows
Desperate Dems hell bent 2 destroy TRUMP or they all hang from nooses! Right Hillary?
Problem being that this beloved country is Russia.
This country has went to far left
Ditto
I'm 58 and have never seen a candidate with all TPTB against him -- at least this overtly.
I worked for 15 yrs with people suffering from chronic schizophrenia. It is imposible to make some1 who is delusional see the world like us.
It’s pure EVIL.
That's because the darkness hates the light and President trump is shineing light where the darkness is

I am 83 and I have never seen it this bad, James, What have the democrats been drinking?
I think they should give him a chance
Get real, the dump is not working for free, He is taking vacations on tax payers dime & making more charging security.  Don the con is a con
TrumpIsAwesome&Deserves
OurRespectRemember Like In The Olden Days When We Were Taught To Respect?!# Like An Unruly Classroom?!#
And you don't need to tell us who this man is...we know!  There is only one..@realDonaldTrump! He's going to be the greatest @POTUS ever!
It’s not easy being a Trump supporter either! 
This man could cure cancer, and take away world hunger, he would still be hated!!
The more they hate the more I love him
He's making millions $$ simply by taking all these weekends at his hotels and golf courses. #Clueless
Love you James Wood you're one of the most talented actors. Thank you for sharing your talent all these years. May God bless you
Work for free? Are you fucking kidding me? Who the hell do think is making money on maga hats? He hasn’t divested himself of anything.
Pathological? As in pathological liar? As in "Trump's a pathological liar"?
He's pocketed more money from his short time in office than his businesses have produced. Free my ass. He's just a fraud.
Yeah for free, only $72 million so far.
It's a package deal - they hate anyone in the way of their socialist PC bullshit.

Kudos!!!!!!
I've thought this for years.  Always here for America.  I fear his help is the end of a long term gravy train called import tax reform.
I don't expect much from humans that have decided that their own gender is debatable. The reasoning ability is obviously non-existent.
Working for free?  He makes money every time dignitaries stay at his hotels.  He's selling MAGA hats for 40. a crack, and more.
Boone Lake is calling. Go away.
ha ha ha ha. He's not working for free. He's making a small fortune off the tax payers dollars. All his golf club outings goes in his pocket
I don’t understand that kind of mentality. He’s trying to help fix the corrupt system in this country and he’s hated for this. Go figure!
Obama ENRICHED himself while President by many million$. Trump will surely LOSE many million$. #SelflessService 

Who is working for free? Man amd his family have made millions so far off the American people
Are you referring to crooked Hillary & Obama ???
It’s a Hate for all that is godly!
Work for free? Trump is ripping the American taxpayer off. Trump & his staff are using our taxes to golf, fly all over the country
Obama played golf too, what's your point. Yes, Trump doesn't take the $400, 000 a year that is salary for president. Obama did.
Trump is fleecing the American taxpayers, Bubble Boy
I agree whole heartily. Unbelievable
He doesn't work for free he doesn't pay taxes! Crooked trump!!!!
Yeah I don't think Jimmy Jam comprehends this.
Yeah I never could understand why those good Christians in my church talked so evil and hateful about president Obama. sad very sad.
I agree!  He has a very hard job, fighting the RHINOS in our party!  They fear their positions!
Absolutely shameful! Any decent American would desire the Potus to be successful for all!
You know damn well the President gets a salary.
Like you??????
They are sick people James.  They will go down in history as such.
I think the Country started changing for the worse when Obama was president,he divided us!
@Twitter why are you censoring my tweets?
It would not surprise me if Twitter was censoring you. They like to go after conservatives!



All This started with Obama. He brought out the worst  in everyone as he destroyed the Country as we knew it. Bernie's get everything free/1
2/ galvanized the the professional students loaded with debt to hitthe streets clamoring for the free stuffhe promised like loanforgiveness
What did u say when Obama was under attack in his "beloved country"?  If you said nothing ask yourself? YOUR humanity is what matters
But WHY is there such hatred for Orange Blob? WHY haven't we hated presidents like this before? Except for Orange Blob hating @BarackObama?
And I never heard a story as believable as the one @ambertamblyn shared unmasking you as a degenerate pervert! Your denial IS pathological!
Pathological matched by their inability to accept the Dems loss, Verifies why I voted for @POTUS.
It's the spoilt brat generation pandered to by weak Governments. When they don't get what they want it's intolerable to them.
Agree. Need to stop the handouts.
They do NOT want to admit that this guy...THIS President, Is actually DOING....not just TALKING....He really CARES about the AMERICAN People
It is that.
You are so right.
Pot....meet kettle!
James woods is a D rated actor. Can't find his way in much less out of a paper bag. Trump is not the first to give up his salary.
GET RID OF THE UNION OF GOvernment that is the ROOT Of CORRUPTION.
I agree with you!  I'm Canadian and I would love his leadership here!  We have none!
Working for free while he makes money for his businesses and spends taxpayer dollars on his frequent vacations!
What about Obama frequent vacations golf
You mean HE is pathological
That's because President TRUMP can't nor interested in being bought or sell out USA. POTUS loves US no matter race, color, or religion 
Demonic.

It's not. /he is the cause for the up evil surrounding him. His vile tweets, Broken promises, the #FakeNews he creates is all on him.
Bajajajaja, did you say for free? Bajajajajaja. Oh boy, I want whatever you are on!
It points out how dangerous it is when the public cannot think critically and believes the MSM propaganda machine.
Democrats (Liberals) hate @realDonaldTrump because he does not condone their slack deviant lifestyle choices. Nothing more, nothing less.
Also he defeated their darling Hillary Clinton.
Yeah...do you ever think though how huge a bullet we dodged with her loss? Lord!
Every day.
I know right? God had a hand in this, for sure. We'd be down the toilet right now.
Amen!!!
His wages were spent the first 2 weeks of his Mar a Lago trips Woods. Don't be an idiot
Work for free? I thought you were a little more savvy than that. Or are you only this naive when it supports your narrative?

We know mr woods. This is do or die for Dems. They will see justice soon.
you are so right on.
We should thank him every day.
No record of donating his salary! Work for free my ass!
I am seriously curious: what makes you honestly believe this?
It's similar to a super crappie actor doing a crappie "C" movie for free.  The script is bad. The story is bad. The crew is bad. It sucks.
He's not a Republican. He's not doing anything constructive. He's an arrogant inept monster with power.
Where is the money collected for disaster relief in Haiti? Let's go there! Where are the deleted emails and the SIM cards for blackberries?
Racist and womanizer? Again I didn't realize we elected Bill Clinton again...
I'm happy My WW2 Tank commanding heavily decorated Grandfather is not alive to see this crap..  God Bless Trump!!!
Beyond Belief!!!
I certainly agree. Come on people wake up.
I say, the ones who don't like what John Adams fought for, then maybe they should leave America
That because most of the hatred comes from the great unwashed, never had a job, never want a job socialists who think the world owe them!
Hey @RealJamesWoods that man does NOTHING for free. He is pathological. #fakepotus45
Have you seen this
Compare this: https://twitter.com/abcpolitics/status/901897402050805762 …
with that  https://twitter.com/politicalshort/status/901915055213625344 …
