Of course. It couldn't have ANYTHING to do with the subsidies that you just removed and the panic in the Insurance industry. Couldn't be YOU
Funny how you can't get anything changed about it until you stop paying insurance companies and now the dems come running to make a deal.
Here you go already! Blaming @BarackObama for anything you screw up!
AHC wasn't failing until you started screwing with it. RESIGN
Again, #democrats continue to have much blood on their hands.
Lies! Own it Donny! This is now Trumpcare
I’m pretty sure it’s your fault for signing the EO because you don’t give a shit
That’s a pretty good description of yourself. I know you’re slow so...a product (you) that’s not working...
The solution. Less money for war, more money for life. That's truly balancing a budget.
Was shoved down our throats
You broke it, and now you're terrified that your base will find out.
No you take full blame Donald
It was an idea tossed around by Republicans as an alternative to single payer. Romney did it in Mass.
Actually it’s your fault for stopping the CSR payments. Man you can’t even go one day taking ownership of your own actions.
Don't forget . I DON'T THINK ANYBODY NEW WHAT ALL WAS IN THIS BILL. So tax payers pay for most of their coverage why Mr POTUSA  why??
It works just fine for me, an actual American who uses ACA. The current problems are all YOUR fault.
Obama care sucks I’m glad it’s going away. Make us great!
I mean this isn't even close to how quotation marks work...
It's your fault for trying to sabotage ObamaCare.
You own this. Your actions will cause rising premiums and lower coverage.
With your attempts to take away millions of Americans' healthcare and cut taxes for the wealthiest, you show where your priorities lie.
Trump's priorities clearly do not lie with the average American. Over half of the benefits from his tax cuts would go to the top 1%.
And not only does Trump's new healthcare executive order raise premiums and lower coverage, it raises the deficit!
Overall, Trump's tenure in office thus far has shown he has neither the competency nor grace to fulfill the duties of the Presidency
YES ,EVERYTHING HE TOUCHES TURNS INTO DUST
You misspelled *shit*
Press teams back a Hawaiian-born U.S. Leader

Barack Hussein Obama Was A Real President

#MakeAnagramsGreatAgain
Poverty by a crude reform

#MakeAnagramsGreatAgain

Trumpcare for Everybody!
No, it's the tRump show now. What you do or undo is all on you. 
You don’t know what to do now do you? This is your mess and you own it now. You’ve been in the job 10 months. Can’t blame the previous guy
now #trumpcare trump regime owns this the day Putin elected trump

trump & pence can look into the eyes of dying Americans and feel NOTHING.
37% still believe you
A true leader would work on improving the situation and not dismantle it.


#NailHillary #JailHillary
Still blaming Bill & Hillary? They are not in office.
OMG get over Hillary! She is not in office. Trump won and we are stuck with his craziness until some ppl pull their heads out of their asses
These poor deluded tRump supporters still can't fully support him because they know HRC will be vindicated in the end. Sad tRumpy followers.
Cya time again eh Deferment Don?
Ughhhhhhhhhhhh!
It will be your fault. History will show that the US finally went to single payer because your actions led to so many unable to afford care.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!! ok
Go away
Bull SHIT.

You're the product that never works.
You don't make any sense. Everything that happens now in health care for your citizens..is YOUR fault.
So typical to blame everyone not named you. Get a clue Donny
It is #Trumpcare now. If it fails, it is all on you 
@realDonaldTrump
Nice try
Truth hurts snowflake
Obamacare was written by the insurance lobbyists to line their pockets!
The only people Obamacare helped was those who bought insurance stocks after the law passed!
President Trump understands that the FREE MARKET, not government, should run our healthcare system
Yo Jake. What's the function of government?
#FakeNews
Any increase in Ocare is the fault of Trump who at every turn has done everything in his power to destroy it. Trumpcare is now failing.
The ACA has helped millions. You're saying that because you're a WHITE SUPREMACIST who hates anything Pres Obama has done to help Americans.
The election of Donald J. Trump has sparked unprecedented economic growth. President Trump is putting America First - thank you! #MAGA 
Thats why for the first time in 7 years we just had a month where unemployment went up?
Bull crap!
I know - facts are painful but...suck it up buttercup. Lost jobs last month for the first time in what....how many years?
Not true ..
Yep. It sure is true. First time in 7 years job creation was down. Sad!
Oh the depths of the arguments from 45's trolls and bots are amazing. I've seen deeper puddles of dew. Cognitive vacuum between their ears.
It’s scary the cognitive dissonance they demonstrate. It’s cult like behavior.
especially when you kick out the supports that made it affordable for people in the premiums "gap".  nice work dipshit...go golfing where for at least four hours you won't be making the country worse.

lie
So much for moving south. Not while you're in office! It'll take the next 3 prezzies to clean up your mess.
So right.
Give me a break. It's the fault of the GOP and Mitch the Turtle for not working with Dems to produce a working plan.
Reading these uneducated tweets makes me physically ill.  Oh, wait...the $25,000 a year I pay in insurance premiums left me with negative disposable income to actually go see a doc now!  Glad I paid for all of you to see a doc.  Can you ask a few ?’s for me?!?

How in the world can anyone justify subsidizing a FOR PROFIT corporation that pays its executives billions of dollars each and every year from our hard-earned tax dollars?!?  And you wonder why insurance is expensive!!!
Actually snookums you are the reason for the ACA premium increases.
واق پیر خرفت تشریف دارید بر به درک
So typical of you to blame your failures on someone else. Resign or we will #ImpeachTrump
What have you done?? 8yrs the GOP had to submit something & under DURESS give them by you what they came up with was far from a package 
Safe travels I love you God Bless you  we the people stand with you
no. it's YOU rigging it to fail
Not really.  Republicans to blame now too!  Every opportunity to #FullRepeal!  What did they do? Nothing.
You very proudly took ownership of healthcare the other day, take some responsibility:
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
Was designed to fail from the beginning to force single payer.
Any increase is due to you sabotaging the ACA. You‘KL never be as good as Obama.
No we cant blame Obama anymore sorry dude, you've been in office too long for that and have managed to drag us back 100 years. #Thankstrump
No. You and only you are the cause. You own it.
https://t.co/wH3H3AcjFA?amp=1
NOPE.... you owned it after altering the law...
That’s like saying any speeding ticket I get is the car manufacturer fault cuz their car can go faster than the limit.
Liar. You and your complicit Republicans have done everything you can to sabotage, costing Americans their hard earned money. Despicable 
Nonsense...Lying again
Explain why it is Obama Care and not the affordable Health Care Act? Is the current POTUS obsessed with the previous?
You said Obamacare was done and should not be mentioned. Why are you calling it Obamacare? It's Trumpcare now! If you break it, you buy it!
Lies upon lies! You added $194bil to deficit over 10yrs; raised premiums 20%, kicked 6mil off health insurance. https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/reports/53009-costsharingreductions.pdf …
AND OF @SenateMajLdr , @SenJohnMcCain, @SpeakerRyan & all RINOs for not repealing Obamacare! They r liars & need to be defeated in primaries
Did #KochBrothers send talking points with a $400M Campaign Fund IOU?  #Americans will find a way to "return the favor" to @Koch_Industries.
Who stopped the funding???
It's worked 4 me. With your cut/proposal, I will pay an even higher premium. It's worked 4 millions. But, you don't seem to care about that.
You are stopping the subsidies!
LIE
You are the one to blame! You took the subsidies away, the insurances increase, cover less.  I.R.S still requires proof of ins. or penalty!
Nice try, President Skunkfart. We know it's you. You're sabotaging it. The stink's coming from you.
Your hate for our last REAL President, has no limits, good thing more Americans realize every day that you are !
Your auctions do have consequences that will kill  innocent people, you are doing it with your eyes open.# abuse of power
Premiums are going up because of you!! Because ins cos didn't know if you would follow through with your idiotic threats.
You have no soul.
That's BS & u know it. U are blatantly sabotaging OC causing premiums to increase.
Obamacare has left 290 Million WITHOUT a choice for insurance and if lucky to find insurance deductibles in the 5 digits. GOOD JOB DEMWITS!
You can't blame Dems.  They didn't even read the bill when they voted it in.  Ask Nancy
It worked fine until Rubio sabotaged it.
Hush Boo Boo Hush!!
It was working and now you are dismantling and replacing it with a piece of garbage
You have no idea what you’re talking about.
...and you're making sure it fails...
Dotard the Barbarian and the GOP horde own this every bit of this  mess. Every.Single.Bit. #FAKEPRESIDENT #TRUMPSWAMP #WHFAIL
Umm, it was working until you screwed around with it.
It’s TrumpCare now , it joins Trump Steaks and Trump University as Trump Things that don’t work !!?
Small man are you... always name calling and tweeting versus meeting with people who carry opinions different than yours. Grow up!!
Are you sure of that? Healthcare is very complex! Holding back CSR payments undermined system by making subsidies untenable - YOU did that.
Nice try. You are deliberately sabotaging the ACA and hurting American families. #Unpopularvote  #SoCalledPresident #AllThePresidentsLies
It's YOUR DAMN fault for not replacing it like you promised and for not fixing it as you should have. Its the law, which you're not honoring
Why has no-one assassinated this dick head yet?
Read this FAKE POTUS: http://thehill.com/homenews/news/355490-psychologists-march-through-ny-to-call-for-trumps-removal …. Psychiatrists know UR insane & unfit. Resign now altho will be a relief to see U impeached
Obamacare has more merit than you think.  None of your plans have passed Congress.  Your polls are decreasing.... Might as well resign.
Your fault for constantly threatening ins companies. Now it's Trumpcare. You broke it, you fix it. This will not play well in 2018.
WHINE WHINE WHINE! 
POINT FINGERS!

IS THIS ALL YOU CAN DO?
25TH ADMENDMENT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They never wanted it to work
no  it's your fail you taken  all the money
  away  from obamacare  that made it work it's Turmp care now
No it's your fault for not understanding policy and gutting everything that makes it work. What happened to Ocare being dead? #FakeTrump
You are POTUS. It is your fault. YOURS. the buck stops at your desk.
Working just fine for most people before you started to sabotage ACA.  You keep trying to fake us!
#Obamacare is now #Trumpcare #maga #resistance
No it’s because you sabotaged it!! Jesus you are really a piece of work!! #WorstPresidentEver  #YouBreakItYouOwnItAsshole
Nope. You deliberately sabotaged it. You are responsible for whatever happens after that.
Except that it did until you fixed the election and won.
You and your cronies are in charge; the failure is on you.
You broke it you bought it. Does he take responsibility for anything ever?

Why's everything Obama's fault? FN grow up or grow a pair & stop using your title conveniently. No wonder majority of American don't like U.
You just want to undo everything Obama did just to be spiteful!
Obama was the better president than u could ever be
Liar!
As usual.
No. Actually this ones on you for throwing chaos into the system. ACA not perfect by a stretch, but you're putting the cost on the people
Stay the course and ignore these weak people Mr president      Thank you
Liar in Chief
Just because you don't like their reporting doesn't mean it's fake. Grow up and lead!
you have been sabotaging ACA instead of working to repair what's needed. ACA saved my life, and many others that I know
Its Trump care you broke it, its yours now
Am I the only one who is who is waiting for @aplusk to jump out and tell us we've been punk'd?
Wrong your the President with Republicans in the Majority so it’s ALL on You, who in the Hell do you think your kidding?
Sounds about like Trump University. .. pot calling the kettle black
And that no Republican had a solution for despite bitching about it for eight+ years.
What I hear when you talk or tweet...

You cut the legs out from under ACA.   Now you say it’s someone else’s fault it can’t walk.
By the way, what happened to the two year limit for welfare recipient and the work requirement. If they got a job the opioid prob maybe less
Perhaps it was the hundreds of changes that the repubs made to it?  No no that can't be it...
I will not be surprised when the democrats fail to stick this nightmare president to the Republicans. They are useless
NO..YOU BROKE IT..YOU OWN IT! Like it or not ur head of state, as such it is your responsibility in whatever happens to Americans health.
“Builder’s fault; the house burnt down because it’s made of wood,” said the arsonist holding a gas can and a lighter.
Nope...you bought it sir

Sort of like electing you president. A "product" that never had a chance of working.
Why didn't you work on ObamaCare to make it better instead of letting it go to hell?????
Why is nothing ever your fault?????

#Election2020 #TheFutureIsComing
#Trump2020 Let's #MAGA 
VOTE @realDonaldTrump for @POTUS 
oh yeah, the "i'm like rubber you're like glue. whatever you say bounces off me and sticks to you" defense only your base believes. SAD!
Yeah it's not like the Republicians had anything to do with how the Affordable Care Act turned out (actually yes they did).
#FuckingMoron
Pinocchio ur nose is growing
Are you president or is Obama president?????
NFL will not change it's anthem policy.  Another L for Trump
Please shut up! ACA is the best thing that has happened to our country. Leave it alone.
At least they did something, you have done nothing
Everyone was saying its going to he'll a year ago already. I know the price of Medicine is through the roof anymore.
You keep throwing a wrench in it
How high are you are right now? Seriously....
While Obamacare definitely needs some improvement what is going on now is affecting patients, even children & causing the premiums to go up
I know this first-hand I work in the field & it doesn't help insurance companies don't know what to expect. The medical field is concerned.
Honestly this should be a non-partisan issue so more peope can have good affordable Healthcare.
The parties should work together.  Keep what's good of Obamacare and fix what's broken. #worktogether #bipartisanhealthcare
No it’s because you crippled it. The blood is on your hands.
I can’t believe that you’re u say you are pro life and are willing to see millions of use lose our insurance. Shame on you!
Always blaming someone else for your failures. You should rewind to all of your campaigns where you bragged you could fix it immediately!
Mr Donald j trump is a very good person is the best happen to our country gudblesyou  my president lm gr.
As of Jan 20, you own it.  As I see it your doing your best to make thing worse.   What is up with you?
Taking away subsidies insures I’ll have no healthcare. Are you going to come take care of my husband with stage 4 cancer when I die?!?!?
Nope it’s the fault of you and your sabotaging it. 
Accesible and affordable healthcare is not a product. This is legislation. Why do you tweet such nonsense?
You seem lost even in your own echo chamber. Sad.
my obama care is being taken away. Got a letter yesterday that if i go without health insurance, i will be penalized. they send e mails that i can not open. I can not log in half of the time, when i can, the page is down and wont function. Its impossible. Send me paper mail!
Obamacare has nothing to do with the fact that insurances and pharmaceutical companies do what ever they want!
So true - wish I could take a product force everyone to buy and not have to provide any benefits then contently raise the price-who got paid
It's your fault. Where's the wonderful best ever plan you promised us?
See you immigration ban's been thrown out of court again Trump, another Trump disaster!
No Mr President you're not shift blame on this you own this one as does your party.
Any increase in premiums is due to the greed of insurance companies CEO’s. Nothing to do with the Affordable Care Act.
