Why do you feel the need to retweet things like this? Is it because you do not have a clue of what you are doing?
Go back to Hell...demon boy and stay away from my President!
Lol...demon boy? Good one! Anyone who doesn't agree with the pig in the wh is a demon? Hilarious!
Craziness..makes no sense. Typical troll.
Lefty lib freaks have absolutely no logic. So weird.

I see you have WAY too much idle time on your hands. Try doing something worthwhile help an animal rescue, read to shut-ins.. Something.
May America be safe! Thanks Mr. President for all the efforts you are putting in.
MAGA!!!
MAGA?  If you don't feel America is great, tell us what year you feel it was last great, & if different what year you'd like to go back to.
Whats great. I don't have to explain myself to some Hillary kisser like you. Suck a butt. MAGA!!
It's a simple question that only requites posting a year.
How about a time when I don't have to wonder if I'm going to have a job or if its off to Mexico. Or maybe what is going to happen with my
30+ years of Reaganomics sent those jobs to Mexico.  You should be happy, the jobs keep them over there better than a wall.
Wow. You have it all figured it. Guess what. Trumps president. Amd I support him. And hes got my vote next election. MAGA!!
Why do you feel the need to re-Tweet things such as this? Is it because you have no clue of what you are doing as President?#ImpeachTrump
Thank you for being on top of things!  tho You need a better policy for Dreamers a lot of good people. Lottery? Merits? From all over.
Looters should be shot on sight #harvey#houston
No one should be shot, on site or otherwise.. happy to talk if need help with the idea that human life has value
Interested in your interpretation that looters are human!
Modify your response to Paris. Change the building laws in Houston so that proper runoff can occur. Change the policies.
#Harvey is not just about historical flooding Mr. President. It shows what your bad polices on climate change can do. #BeInconvenient
RT @NWSHouston: Historic flooding is still ongoing across the area. If evacuated, please DO NOT return home until author...
Why do you guys have this president and not the others. At least he is working. You sad weak humans scared of progression
We have this president and not the others because your Russian masters rigged the election in his favor.
the difference between "hate" and "have." #TrumpResign #Resistance #learntocode #ImpeachTrump #Resist
The Russians legitimately exposed crooked Hillary Clinton, and...? What else did they do? Fill in the rest for us please #WeAreConfused
Well, you certainly chose the right hashtag there. You are indeed confused; the Russians had nothing at all on Hillary. Wonder what they
have on Trump that keeps him so neatly in line. #PutinPuppet
How will GOP explain to our kids that it failed to combat climate change or prepare for its impacts because it denied basic facts?
Please, go sit on a glacier  and protect it. Somewhere of the grid. Thanks.
No thanks.  I love my country, just not the incompetent, greedy, delusional man who is president.  I'll stay and protest.  Have a nice day.
Ok, we agree to disagree. Happy labor day.
Donald J Trump is a white supremacist.
Hrc is the definition of white politician and lines her own pockets! Trump spent his own money on campaign hrc spent everyone else's money!
And he's a white supremacist. So he's a rich white supremacist.
It's your story
That's true. It's my story. What would be yours?
Don't need to be an idiot to believe that he would want to be furthering white male agenda at the top position in the world. Seems logical.
How accurate!  lol
If you really want to help those who have suffered in this flood, give up wall idea and ask that all resources help w/ disaster.
Those two things are not mutually exclusive...
Be safe, please do all for both people and animals... Life is important!!
3 Years, 4 Months, 22 Days, 5 Hours, 37 Minutes, and 20 Seconds
You sound like a teenager girl counting the days to her birthday....how cute!!!! How old are you?
I think it's when he'll finally get laid after 40yrs
He needs to be gone in much less time than that.
how very presidential of you, luv. you do know I could have tweeted this? #presidentfucktweet
You are rude! Act like a lady!
never claimed to be a lady. just a mom concerned for the future of kids' country. this is no time for an incompetent to play president on tv
Give the guy a stinkin chance

You this Hilary would have done better. No hell no. Good job Truck real Americans like and understand you
How about mentioning @RedCross
Why not Maggie? National Weather Service must use every channel to let people know about the situation.
A+ response Mr President
Maybe for kids in play school.
Speaking of kids, how's YOUR President doing? Still fucking the entire nation?
Congress returning on 9/5 to talk about hurricane relief. Why don't they get back NOW to speed up the process?! Slow-mo government crawl.
@Andreo1950 hello
Hi! Hope you have a great day!
678) 653-4786 you can text me if you will like to talk
Thanks for the tips! Will remember here in CA as I pay $400 water bills.

Just a reminder, FEMA HAS SPENT $350 BILLION in the last decade, the FEMA budget for 2017 is $90 million.
Alligators, Crocodiles, Snakes, Fish, Dead animals, Dead people,  Sink Holes, what and where to burn, LYSOL, LYSOL.


Could you not find a Spanish speaker to do the translation?
Sometimes Google Translate just doesn't cut the mustard.
#justsaying
Hey! Instead of attacking each other can you share this list of Houston charities?
http://www.chron.com/news/houston-weather/hurricaneharvey/amp/Hurricane-Harvey-How-to-help-victims-of-the-12003372.php …
Here is a list of local #Houston charities.
@womensmarch has shared a list of bad non charities & we need real help.
http://www.chron.com/news/houston-weather/hurricaneharvey/amp/Hurricane-Harvey-How-to-help-victims-of-the-12003372.php …
President Trump, I think you're doing a great job,  don't stop, be strong against your foes.
http://bit.ly/2vvyqCo  plus
Glad to see NWS Houston releases are still bilingual. Too bad http://whitehouse.gov  isn't.
White House barely speaks English.

Do we know if anyone being rescued #HarveyFlood is asking military personnel (or any of their rescuers) IF rescuer is transgender? Or cares?
Help Houston! RT/Share/Print:)
@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
Claiment change. All in revaluations. clean air don't make  cars  n trucks its in the lords hands
In case your wondering. America misses Obama and still hates you.
The REAL issue is RUSSIA TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON-JAIL
#fundraising for #displaced #pets from #hurricane #harvey Pets are being brought to #DC for #rescuing Please help!
It's sad how the ungodly bring division and criticize instead of bringing unity, love and appreciation. Thank you for all who helped Texas!
Hah so you admit there are still Hispanics in US   did you not kick them all out
Prayers to the family that lost their loved one who was assisting with rescue and ended up being a victim himself,!a 35 year veteran. RIP
People just don't get, we have a President that truly cares about America and its people. Thank you again to those who watched out for us
We're a strong state and a strong city, thank you for all the prayers and well wishes of friends, for the tears shed for the victims here
Back on its feet, thank you to our police, military, civilians, hospital staff, you're awesome, Thank you Houstonians for helping each other
Thank you for all the volunteers at the shelters who had given so much of your time, thank you to those who donated to help get Houston
All those people working tirelessly and long hard hours, for giving of personal resources for rescue, thank you Cajun Navy, thank you OK
But we in Houston know the President controls funding for declaration of disaster, help was everywhere, thank you so much to
We in Houston APPRECIATE your signing the declaration of disaster and open funding for assistance before storm hit. Can't control weather
@potus 
Do you appreciate this? https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-08-23/trump-fema-chief-supports-cutting-coverage-for-flood-prone-homes …
Or is it this?

That may be MONTHS or more.  People on LI still not back in their homes >5yrs after #sandy Get the trailer homes moving to TX NOW!!!

Trump is a super-weak president but his administration has accomplished things. But they're not really #MAGA things. http://wapo.st/2wRw1mM?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.404e68037784 …
Many will never be able to occupy house again.

HAARP CEO TAKE OVER. . Should I do the research and understand why Levees are breaking playing with critical lives is still out there
There is no doubt that global warming is a real but we shouldn't confuse climate change with significant #weather-anomalies like #Harvey.
It is perplexing to me how some people are not prepared for disaster s.
Make sure you buy the $40 dollars Trump hats for fucks sake

President Trump: "This is historic. It's epic what happened, but you know what, it happened in Texas and Texas can handle anything." #Harvey 
No uproar in the last 12 years! Huh... only climate change when it fits your situation. Stop it!
License and registration, please. BOT
This historic level of flooding could almost sound like CLIMATE CHANGE if such a bazaar thing were to exist. That wacky Paris thing eh?
Hurricane Harvey certainly didn't blow away the narcissism & opportunism at our president's core
#HurricaneHarvey Where are the Army? Just spent billions of citizen's money on them, get them out there saving lives with their equipment.
Time to deport illegals now
No hable English in America? How come ?


Today 2.30 pm.
One of rakhine myanmar villiger was attack by bangali (rohingya) terriorists ARSA.villeger was badely bleeding.
#saveRakhine 
Arakan
Good decision



Boy, you are just one geriatric cornucopia of retweet proving exactly what?
High time that U.S. INFRASTRUCTURE needs some high-tech fortification. There's self healing concrete,etc. AND Dutch Water Expert, Henk Ovink
An update on flood plain maps and National Flood Insurance policies should be included as "infrastructure". Houston's is out of date.
Why are you retweeting something in Spanish when you hate Mexicans and any brown people?
Here's hoping "billionaire" @realDonaldTrump opened his wallet and made a hefty donation to all these folks suffering in Texas.
Here is to all the crybabies life size passy, enjoy your POTUS, because theres nothing you can do about it

This is real disaster. My heart is bleeding.
No good DAMN LEFTIST LIBERAL will continue to complain no matter how good @POTUS @realDonaldTrump does because they're pissed they LOST!
They actually did an outstanding job with this storm. They reacted immeda
Whoever told you to retweet this has the right idea.
God be with them.
No bots interested in this, huh?

https://youtu.be/ho9rZjlsyYY  (For you Mr.Trump,dedicated to our president)
The locks on the White House should be change so you can't get back in!
 hahahaha! You're pathetic!!!
Stay safe. We r with you in positive thoughts and prayers.
Weird...it's like the climate changed or something....wonder what plans our @POTUS is gonna implement to prevent other climate changes....
#WEATHERMODIFICATION #CLOUDSEEDING !!
Climate change?  These hurricanes happen periodically.   I say bah humbug to man made climate change.
The majority of US citizens don't have multiple homes that they can go to.
Thank you four being a President that puts America first #MAGA
Historic for Texas! Do u remember Katrina @realDonaldTrump?stop saying this is the worst of people have ever seen because we have seen worse
#TrumpHatersHaveNoCompassion  THIS TWEET is a FLOOD tweet. Stop using this tragedy to spew your HATE tweets. 
@realDonaldTrump We are praying for you Houston
AND YOU DENY CLIMATE CHANGE EXISTS. YOU TOOK US OUT OF PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT.
Posting this on his page is a waste! He clearly doesn't give 2 shits about a hurricane! He's too busy focusing on more rallies! #COWARDCHUMP
It's a good thing global warming is just a Chinese hoax!

Oregon and Washington too! Js
Can't believe that he retweeted in it's Spanish form as well!!
Dont rely on @realDonaldTrump tweets for hurricane info-rely on local news. It's REAL info & saves lives. You endanger American lives btw.

#Texans saving Texans and the federal government under our great @POTUS all battling the biggest natural catastrophe we have ever faced. https://twitter.com/flipitred2020/status/902635614834528256 …
After Sandy it took my family member almost three years  to get in an inhabital home. Hope the teabaggers don't obstruct Federal aid again!
What about the Nuclear Power plant? Didn't learn anything from #Fukushima
I don't think there are too many folks surfing the web to read this right now...
American Red Cross Wish List, designated for Hurricane Harvey http://amzn.to/2xvwNTF   #texasstrong #texas #harvey #donate #help
Keep it up guys
Historic am't of water. A great flood, 40days & nights, Noah & his family, a boat, animals 2x2, a dove with an olive branch!
So, you don't like left-handed people? Some of the best baseball players were southpaws!
