and do you believe it? Our President was a self-confessed pussy grabber and breast groper.
Agreed. We have enough problems to sort out now. Our country is in no position to take more at this point. #CNN #Fox #MAGA
What the fuck are we their rejects , ridiculous.
so Australia won't let them in to their country but want to offload them to the US ?? Why won't OZ take them .. I wonder
yes because it was the Christian thing to do.
Hey @realDonaldTrump what happened to that staunchest ally crap? China - she's a calling. Take your Pine Gap & shove it up your arse mate!
IDIOT
I always thought illegals were the ones sneaking in...this doesn't sound like that at all.
Way to Bigly break the trust with one of our best allies. #ArtoftheDrumpf
I love unsecured servers and INSECURE tweets! It's a big day for you, Iran, Mexico, Australia an Frederick Douglas.
This was an insane deal
Why are you allowing Obama to rule from the grave? Let Australia keep the good refugees you can't allow Obama to rule now
Your mum's like a switch, even a two-year old can turn her on.
Forget about that deal!  Can we back out? If yes, do it!
rescind the deal or send them to a safe zone setup somewhere in the Muddled East.
Yeah you do that. Then pour a bunch of lies and assumptions out into the world when you’ve read ‘Presidents For Dummies’
I'm also afraid what else you don't know.

BTW,how that no briefing action working out for you?
No you won't. That would require work, and the ability to read.
Bad people;
25% vd artsen in VS zijn v  buitenlandse afkomst & velen v hun komen uit moslimlanden.Ze kunnen nu door #MuslimBan niet hun familie bezoeken 
please start speaking like a President and not a bully.
This is how he should speak.  @MatureTrumpTwts
How is it "dumb" if you haven't studied it yet?
Maybe study it before you Tweet?  #unpresidential
good on you President. Keep up the good work 
I KNOW WHY. THEY WERE CAUSING TROUBLE, AUSTRALIA PUT THEM ON 2 ISLANDS, THEN OBAMA SAID HE'D TAKE THEM. NO WAY!!!!
Bill de Blasio does not think we should deport illegals with DUI's.  I spent my last 6 years in pain out of work from DUI!!
The mayor of New York should experience one of my days.  It sure felt like a major crime when a drunk driver hit me.
The drunk that hit me not only failed to have insurance but got off with a careless driver ticket and I have life sentence.
@auntiejul @POTUS 

Thank you...
Question...Why doesn't #Australia want them...
#KeepAmericaSafe
oh my God this is a real tweet? I was so hoping it was a parody account. I see you're keeping up with your toddler tweets
Dear Mr.Trump, why?!, sincerely dauveed.
Subject them to extreme vetting and honor the commitment to a good ally of America as best able.
That's a LIE. This can easily be fact checked. Are you measuring the gullibility of your supporters?
oh no I better stop, don't want you to vote for me!
Nah, you're worse than Trump. No one dumb enough to vote for you.
Hm, but no one dumber than that to vote for you. Only you're dumber than I am to run for pres.
please tell me how I'm the dumb one when you voted for trump.
refugees are not illegal immigrants. If the president makes a deal to accept them, then it's legal.
Near end of video, it proves refugees were once called illegal immigrants and the name was changed to manipulate Americans. Trump was right the entire time. He's putting our safety first. It's life or death, & I pray DEMS wake up. It's not about good/bad.
#sorewinner #soreweiner 
How low of you to HANG UP on the Prime Minister of Australia!!!
its ok perez our PM's a bit of a loser anyway
just a bit?
@RossMcleanSec A couple of corrections, Mr. President. Refugees, not illegal immigrants. And 1,250 not "thousands."
Hi Eric, on your show, do you usually try to provide perspectives from all angles?
Loose Lips Sink Ships. Stop Tweeting.
Your R right Mr. President! In time, your wisdom is proven correct! Never stop or allow leftist indoctrination which is killing Americans.
another Russian Bot!
Wait  I thought it was a "dumb deal"? So u admit that u & @VP are Dumb? I understand its congenital 
http://www.cnbc.com/2017/04/22/pence-says-united-states-will-honor-refugee-deal-with-australia-korea-eyed.html …
I can't imagine any of the former presidents speaking so colloquially (lack of better word). You sound like a 3rd grader!
What "illegal" immigrants?
Same difference in the sense of causing harm. However, refugees is actually worse as you will see in CDC trying to sound the alarm to save America. This isn't about good/bad people, skin color, or partisan issues, but safety in how it's done and how much.
Millions of people hate you
oh you little snowflake. He's president which means millions more across the country love him! #MAGA
he broke the record for receiving a 50% disapproval rating
#fakenews
you need to go back down in your mama's basement!
because I point out facts?

Dictator @realDonaldTrump continues to show how fascist he is. He also shows how ignorant he is because refugees are not illegal immigrants
Yes, they ARE illegals, which is why we've rejected them
your illegal this land belongs to native Indians that make you a immigrant
Wow. How sad is it when you have to like your own tweets?
You haven't changed...it's a dumb deal before you know anything about it.
#RedCross #FollowTheMoney #RabbitHole #DrainTheWorldSwamp #LockThemAllUp
What "Deal" did @TurnbullMalcolm @JulieBishopMP @JuliaGillard @MrKRudd @AusHCUK &co. make with #BFsForLife BathHouse Barry, HRC & co. ??  #FollowTheMoney #TheGreatAwakening #HumanOrgans #Adrenochrome #ChildSexTrafficking #WeThePeople #MatrixExposed @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
The Art of the Deal Mr. President. I’m sure you will renegotiate something BEST for America. Thank you!! #KAG2020
BC OBAMA IS AN ACTUAL GOOD PERSON
So you thought. Seriously he was not putting Americans first & keeping us safe.
how will you study it with YOUR attention span? You can't sit thru an episode of Sesame Street! Childish!
Perhaps with the CDC for disease.  Seems he has every right to sound the alarm and stop this Obama practice.
Prove you’re not a bot
Because he has a heart.... oh yes, since you lack one I can see how you wouldn't understand.

insane you need to post the violence they are causing and why they are being dumped on you. people watch the real news

- you are a heartless moron
advantage Rosie.
@BarackObama At least Obama followed the law to some degree and is well educated! LOVES PEOPLE, U MUST LUV PEOPLE 2 B PRES
I actually need to study your dumb hair. SAT word of the day is dumb 
#PresidentBannon, you're spreading #fakenews again. You might want to check paperwork before #lying.
Well actually, less than 1,500. So "Thousands" (plural) is a tad bit inaccurate... As usual.
Yeah please study 
you are such a trumpie! You must have drunk the koolaid.
You - study? Give me a break!

Sounds whiny. Would you hire a new assistant if they bad-mouthed their former boss?
.@realDonaldTrump Might be good to talk about it AFTER you've studied it, don't you think??
send them to Canada.  Their door is open.
please dont take them President Trump its not our responsibility!We dont want them here!
Thank u @realDonaldTrump If the libs cared more abt citizens than illegals, the USA would be filled wth more people who love this country♡
Have you yet realized that the 1200 people (not thousands) were not " illegal immigrants", but refugees.

gullible Fools!!!These r Muslim crusades all over again,the Muslims do it unconsciously they don't know they're doing even
Trump's gonna study!
.    Thank you for making SNL great again. I love it. Keep it up Alec Baldwin!
How? You evidently can't read
study it and then destroy it. Let's move on to rational behavior.
Yes it’s called humidity bitch! and by the way 
No, I don't believe it, another of your alternative facts?Sorry cannot believe ANYTHING coming out this awful admin of urs!
CDC facts prove Trump is more than right to want to keep us safe.  Who could argue with that when we R back to age where eradicated diseases R back because of just how nice Obama was. To who is that nice? Not Americans. Trump's right!
every one of obamas deals were dumb, if it didn't hurt America he didn't want to do the deal, obama=non-american.
Grow up act like an adult
You don't know the definition of S-T-U-D-Y; please!#whiteliesmatter#toddlerinchief
can you check cost of living raise for us on social security. Ty
yes
alternatives for the word dumb that sound more intellectual:
-literally anything else
Obama is a dumbass is why. Doesn't love America either.
It is not dumb it ia a concerted effort to harrass our country and to bring in more and more militant muslims in the US
fdp
they wont even alow them in there country

Why don't you first "study the deal" and educate yourself on the Geneva Conventions before U form an opinion?
Obama seemes to still be trying to hurt this country
Because Obama hates this country and wants to see it destroyed
Obama! and you so good! now you can bring them with the Carl Vinson armada,perfect plan.
Study it and then throw a tantrum when you realize it takes more than a 2nd grade reading level to understand?
You are so proud of your big mistake that you have to cut down Obama Sorry he was a good President You are not close Enough
Please stop this madness!!! We cannot allow terrorists into the US or accept any form of Sharia law. It's happening already & is sickening 
Study first, tweet later.
U are now the POTUS, don't u feel ashamed of urself wasting time & $$ on searching for voter fraud after alrdy being POTUS?
He's trying to keep us safe. Who would fight that? I am shocked anyone would object after knowing what the CDC is trying to inform us of.
。。。。
No immigrants from Australia! Or Connecticut!
They are not refugees,they are contry shoppers.nothing more.
you're in your own little world & destroying this country w/ your nominees
How are refugees illegal immigrants?  You really need to ask your advisors to explain our immigration system to you.  Sad.
Do you think tweeter is the appropriate forum to rant about international policy issues? Mental!
cause its the right thing to do?
you still blaming a black man for problem I see
1200 refugees, mostly children housed in detention type facilities. Obama studied and was right. That's why - dumb dumb
when was the last time you studied?
Your #stupidity, #ignorance and #hate is on full display. #alternativefacts
Why does it feel like I'm reading the tweets of a 12 year old who found his mom's phone?
because these people will die if they don't get help. Children are dying and you don't care
#pixoritdidnthappen
you sound like a caveman "I will study this dumb deal.  Toddlers speak more eloquently than you.
why are you racist
They aren't illegal since the US would be bringing them here, if you had any decency to honor the agreement.
I know! Why would we want them if Australia doesn't!
agree!
as a speech therapist who works with individuals who cannot speak or have trouble speaking, using it to describe something
Why do we honor a deal made with Obummer? I would twist the sh*t out of that damn deal!
Tell them to bugger off. Australia used to be tough on illegals under PM Abbott. This Turnbull bloke has turned and full of bull.
You call it a dumb dea.  I call it another lie.  Stop with the lies.  It demeans the office.
TheyR not immigrants theyR REFUGEES that have been in tent cities for a long time and need 2B relocated 2 permanent local!
Even worse. Tent cities & 3rd world people, through no fault of their own, R a danger to America in the way OBAMA was importing them. WTP need to support a change to this self sabotaging mission that endangers our American lives. This isn't about good/bad.
are you losing your mind we should not take these Australia refugees?
That you didn't know about this speaks volumes about your ignorance about your new job.
President Trump,get rid of Ryancare .Paul Ryan is NOT your friend.He and some of the other RINO's want you to fail.BEWARE
NO MUSLIMS in America.It's inviting the fox into the hen house. (I'm 1/4th Syrian, and don't want Syrian Muslims here.
Why? I'll save you the trouble. Because it's in keeping with our finest traditions. This is America... learn about it.

Why call it a "dumb deal" before you studied it ??
Currently the only dumb deal in DC  is the one we got when you were elected. #BLOTUS boy bye
"Study?" Do you even know how to do that?
YOU will study? President Bannon will tell you what to say.
You sound like a 3rd grader... 
keep up the good work needing to be done for each American ...your critics may not know that you work for them also
Obama did not get elected for his brains.
Don't take them. They are bad for America. The voters do not want them. #RefugeeBan #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Agree!
Yo Donny, also, you realize Australia isn't part of the US? Oh wait, forgot you couldn't read. My bad..
please study the constitution first.
we do not need more terrorists from Australia.  They made a bad deal with Obama
You are mean, Obama was never mean. He had a heart.

Because it was easy D
understand Donnie that they are not illegals if we're taking them in as refugees!  Think about how and what you say dude!
You win
lo escribo en inglés porque no creo que sepas ni un pedo de español maldito fascista de mierda
good luck
you don't study anything
Illegal immigrants - is this the same as refugees
start with how many natural resources, (ie gas, oil, iron ore) we sell off for little cost and you may find your answer.
You so-called president doing a terrible job. Disgraceful!!!!
I'ma just leave this here... notice that "illegal immigrant" is not listed as a synonym.
CDC alarm proves Trump is protecting Americans which is his main job. I for one see this firsthand that Americans who object to his stance, R unaware of the danger they're inviting that can actually kill our children. He is so correct.
~ Study?  That would be fresh.
You should resign, bigly!
That we agree or not with your ideas is one thing. But your tweets are classless for a man in your position. Do better.
They are refugees not illegal immigrants.  Please have one of ur washed out cabinet members fact check.
Yes, even worse. It's not about bad/good people, it's about first keeping Americans safe from this CDC alarm. They R the biggest group of unvetted imports. System endangers our lives. He's correct.
Who will read it to you? #TrumpCan'tRead
surely if someone has agreed to take them they aren't illegal?
WE CAN NOT SFGIRD TO TAKE THEM
How about a fair trade.... 1250 immigrants for the current administration. That will make our country safer!
.@realDonaldTrump 

Thank you @POTUS 

FINALLY, a REAL President
.
So proud he is putting American lives first! It's so past time! Let's pray he never backs down or becomes indoctrinated, because we our lives depend on this fight.
Trump study ?  As in read? Like books?   what a buffoon? . 
Refugees are not Illegal Immigrants - Study That!
#FakeNews was right again.
https://goo.gl/A8dmmM 
#Trump called himself "world's greatest person"
He said refugees are "bad" ppl &in prison
He was right again.  We don't need a PC that endangers our safety and lives, just to look like sweet! He is one of the few brave enough to protect Americans, the only group he's supposed to represent first for safety. So Proud.
